This crying 71yo baby is tiresome.
#DemocracyinIran @Iranncorg@POTUS
Trump rocks
Will everyone just stop complaining about who the president is. Block grants are extremely beneficial.
You sure? Governor Rick Snyder hasn't managed/controlled Flint's water in a good way! The Red States have failed miserably in education.
Hi my president good Work & God bless Tomorrow is great Day Coming to my Home Puerto Rico thank you everyday ( Help My People) Rosello Liar
The Governor Liar At the people  i am living in Mont blanc  Yauco Puerto Rico but my friend living in the Country mountain Catastrofe Nown
John McCain is doing what's right, not what's pleasing to  Donald Trump.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for the no vote! You are saving so many. Now all needs to work together and if they can't they don't belong there.
What a joke. McCain is a dead man walking and his brain is so messed up he does not know what he is doing. He is an old fool who should be home or in a assisted living home.
There is much going on behind and beyond the scenes. Enter the modern era of corruption that dogged Roman Emperors. Sad! We crumble from within, ignorance our guide.
it's all about control with narcissistic personalities.. You're not living up to your own hype, and your base crumbling beneath you.. 
Fake news.
Your little plan HURTS blue states.  What will you do without all the blue state money?  What will all you RED states do without it?
Close your Twitter account.
Pass the silencer act NOW
Trump treated L.G. like dirt during primaries. Gave out his pvt. phone #.  McCain & Graham are true friends. Graham has "forgiven" McCain.
The more it's stirred the worse it stinks...
So true.
On the contrary.
@SenatorJMcCain should go. He's obviously unable to remember what he ran on. Health issues.
This is a #genocide bill, far more expensive than the ACA. Citizens won't have coverage. Is that your intent? Maybe so Donny, maybe so.
It's not good for anybody except the wealthiest Americans getting HUGE tax breaks at OUR expense.
Trump’s Clueless Abdication of Presidential Responsibility | The New Yorker

I'm one of many in the middle class (low end) who has to choose between either insurance or medical services now.
NO. BAD PLAN you idgit.
smh
That man is more man they you, and sadly he is fighting cancer, how horrible you are insulting a real hero
McCain stood for what was right.
Better than letting the whole world down, like you have Donald...
Yeah....sure lol. Its just the GOP way of trying to implement excluding the "no pre condition" rule of ACA. No, thanks. Do your job Fed!
You are supposed to work for the people...like McCain.
you do realize that block grants means less control and management, it looks like you are passing the buck to the states because you failed.
And your letting Your fellow Americans down. https://www.facebook.com/thedailyshow/videos/10155297960656800/ … have you ever seen yourself on tv? You have no clue.... Your a puppet.
Good night sir
do you think the cancer has messed with his mind. Since I don't even know what to believe does he even have brain cancer.
Its not about besties its anout the people who voted for him. Youre such an #embarrassment
Grow up
President Trump why don't you post John McCain's military records for everybody to see What Kind of Traitor and murderer John McCain is
Block grants to states is just another way to screw the  public on health care. MCCain is a hero.
No its not!!!  Every time in the past that this approach has been used, the states don't spend the money on the people they are supposed to!

30-million would be WITHOUT insurance... how is that better?
Let's see if McCain's position results in a better bill. Of course, a better bill is what? Or more civility?

https://twitter.com/PhiloScripts/status/892345992414146560 …
That was while gaining at least 4 million new friends, boss. Great character is not get voted, but earned.
Mc Cain for once in his life needs to think about the promises he made to his voters and stop being vindictive because of his feelings for T
Block grants to states will undermine healthcare for the poor and low income. It will be the end of Medicaid, but your kind will not care.
He has no friend, he is a narcistic user and deserves his fate
You're grossly unqualified and an embarrassment to our nation and the world.  Go play more golf or do Dancing with the Stars.
block grants are NOT GOOD...C'MON....SINGLE PAYOR FOR ALL...
But he did a great job for the American People! Which is his actual job!!
McCain has been bought and paid for. This shouldn't be a surprise to anyone!

Because red states tend to have the worst education and poorest people already?
WRONG CLOWN
It's not about friendship. It's about what's best for our country. When the CBO says it's shit...Guess what...IT'S SHIT!
At Least President Trump was never a Traitor and was never pardon by a President who was Impeached. Traitor McCain will never be my Senator.
It Figures someone with no class as yourself and that Traitor McCain who own men died because of his treasonas ways. You would like him.
Fake Bishop you need meds worse then then the President. You know nothing you and those worthless Dems. And John the Traitor McCain.
Speak for yourself.....Sen Graham has said no such thing.
McCain let a lot of people down.
Not for u to say!  You let down most Americans daily!
@SenJohnMcCain has let millions of Americans down!
McCain is a two faced Traitor! His service record should be unsealed! What is he hiding in there! You As POTUS should have a rightvto know!
Actually, he dropped you on your ass. Sad (not).
Resign
Let America down ☻
...block grants that amount to far less than they (the states), are currently getting now from the feds.  Cutting funding does not help.
In case you didn't see, Lindsey Graham stood up for Sen. McCain's actions. He's not as small minded as you are
you have no idea. We in AZ know that the block grant system would be disaster for AZ. McCain is right
Nothing short of bribery. Transfers liability from you to them.  You promised no price escalation and Medicare/Medicaid untouched. Untrue.
HOW OLD ARE YOU- TRUMP - YOU SOUND SO  IMMATURE - SO SHAMEFUL AND EMBARRASSING TO LISTENING TO AND YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE A ROLE MODEl?
songbird never good to usa
It’s “are” not “is”. Or, in this case “aren’t” either way, you lie way too much. If you said, “sky is blue” I’d check  for myself
Yet throwing millions off of medical coverage the icing on the cake.  Yes a much better health care system when you get rid of the poor.
Actually L.G. said @John_McCain can vote any way he wants he fought for this country. Has any of your family??
No! No more tax payer $ giving 1 state great health care & another state . Remove state lines, keep pre-existing & repeal the rest!
Block grants never have and never will work.  Poor states will cut healthcare to poor and homeless first/people will die.  #Bad plan TCIII
Maybe, but he didn't let millions of Americans down.
@SenJohnMcCain is a traitor, treasonous Songbird! Stop countimg on him, he's a #FakeRepublican just window dressing because AZ is red state.
I feel bad for mc Cain illness but angry he needed to retire long ago. He's no republican.

Block Vrants are the Worst thing you could do to people with disabilities and pre-existing conditions!  You don't know Shit about it!
KEEP 45 !!!
You have no idea what is in this bill or the others the GOP tried to pass so stop making ignorant comments.
The majority of America wants a full repeal!  Enough of this Socialist BS!
Because that's worked so well for Puerto Rico
Historically speaking states have abused block grants which is why past administrations turned it over to Medicare
#PuertoRico
such an excess of capital letters
Not according to Lindsey!
look at you queen of mean inciting drama!
President IDIOT pretty sure you have no idea what a block grant is. Also 50 different health plans does not make anything good.
I question McCain's brain tumor interference with ability to DO HIS JOB!?!?
Hey, why don't you go and become President of NAMBIA!
How about caring about Puerto Rico, there is devastation there
Yes and I have some land I want to sell you.
You are omitting so much like stripped consumer protections and how even the AMA says its a terrible bill.
Agree, because McCain doesn't care about the people of AZ; rather, he thinks of himself and wants vengeance against our president.
NO GOV'T CONTROLLED HEALTH CARE! EUTHANASIA FOR ELDER:& DISABLED!
Your knowledge of what's good for America is couldn't fill a post-it
#DearPresident, please try to work with all parties to improve our healthcare
POTUS Trump, Please force all members of Congress and Senate onto Obamacare. No more compromise, they live with what the rest of us have to.
Large block grants that expire.
you don't know what repeal and replace is. you want obamas name off a good health care bill because your jealous
you didn't read it of course.
McCain has no friends
McCain works for me not Graham
... Allows states like Texas to continue to screw the poor!
Swift of hand - robbing Peter (Medicaid) to pay Paul (states). BAD BOY w UNDERHANDED attack on Medicaid-expanded (mostly Dem) states! ...
.@SenJohnMcCain-Maybe? BUT why NO DISCUSSION? McCain's priority=Amer People (not friends). VERY SAD YOU-@POTUS CAN'T UNDERSTAND this concept
That's how bullies operate ,they can't talk face to face. M PEACH TRUMP
Who are you Donald Trump to say anyone let anyone down. You have let the country down and about to get us hurt humble yourself in the Lord.
He not only let him down, he hung him out to dry! That's his way.
McCain is a American hero unlike you
No it's not!
Neither one of them respect their constituents or America! Can them both!
Stupid idea. So lame. Single payer healthcare for all Americans is a great idea. Ask someone smart to explain it to you.
This is such a lie! My state has a terrible record of spending government money for what it is given for. It will go to the rich
While you let americans down. Resign.
You are not half the man that McCain is.  The man has a conscious and brain!
This is not abt letting friends down you clown. It's abt doing what's best for #America! You could learn from McCain Mr. #FakePresident
You're fucking kidding me. This is about the health of millions not one friendship. It's life and death, not high school cliques.
McCain is a great American while you appear to be a great Russian plant.
#WhatAboutPuertoRico?
Where is help for Puerto Rico??!!
Jimmy Kimmel: Senator Bill Cassidy “Got Caught With His GOPenis Out” In Obamacare Replace Bill.
BULLSHIT!!!!!!
The Bill to Prevent Infanticide is what we need and to respect the NPT.  That is why I voted for Pence not Hillary.
Dear Sir, forgot what this meant - or exactly how it applies *today .. ??

You have no clue how messed up you are
Gov't is bigger than friendship. @SenJohnMcCain is a hero to this country. You owe him an apology. Even LG knows this. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Bribery
Bob, that is what Obama did. This is giving the states their money back to spend. Not Fed discounted money spent in States.
McCain did the right thing, unlike you.
Get the federal government out of healthcare
And you've let the whole country down.  Over and over again.
Flake and McCain are toast! They won't get in again if they tried!
Right, coz it's all about voting for the party not the people!
#PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico
No loyalty in politics they go in poor and in a few years they are rich and have the good  insurance
Healthcare's a national problem in our increasingly mobile world. The last thing we need is a hodgepodge of differing policies in each state
Says the man who has never gone a day without healthcare. Your agenda 2 leave office having improved YOUR private business is crystal clear.
