Don't trip on your Ego on the way out the door!
Here is an idea.... Give some of that illegally laundered money you have in your pockets to the victims of Texas.
Either way someone else will end up with it, because collusion is now evident!
Remember when you were a man of integrity -- a caring man with a heart of gold?

NEITHER DO I!
I dare you to lend a real helping hand in Texas, not just give a worthless speech that someone else wrote for you.
I dare you to not use this disaster to try and boost your ego and make yourself look better.
Maybe Trump will do a tour of Joel Osteen's empty church?
Not sure how he will manage to pick the lock though.....
We love our president .he displays power competence kindness and love for America He will defeat evil forces on both sides . MAGA
Matthew 5:11-12
“Blessed are you when they revile and persecute you, and say all kinds of evil against you falsely [1/3]
for My sake. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad, for great is your reward in heaven, for so they persecuted the prophets [2/3]
who were before you. [3/3]
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #BibleOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus is our #Lord  #JesusOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus our #Christ #BibleOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
Matthew 7:7
“Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
How exciting!

For you!

World's Greatest Disaster Relief Swindler on his way!

Yay!

Hooray!

Don't get in the way!

#HurricaneHarvey
How Donald Trump Cashed in on 9/11

http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/trump-charity-1-000-9-11causes-report-article-1.2423205 …
http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/celebrity/donald-trump-empathy-gap-754693 …

Really glad you so excited about your disaster trip @realDonaldTrump

Some tunes for the ride in the big Boeing
Wouldn't want to dampen your enthusiasm for the trip 
@realDonaldTrump 

Try humming this one on the plane. Fun huh!
President Trump is doing an amazing job with #HurricaneHarvey and law & order so naturally the haters need to break out some Russia drama.
Donald J. Trump was going to build a Trump Tower in Moscow. 
 
 Leftist right now: 
Thank God the Internet exists (at least what Google hasn't scrubbed for the Left yet).
 
 Trump 2013 
@AgalarovAras   I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
Trump Tweeted the @MoscowTimes with their article on Trump Tower Moscow in 2013.
 
 OMG *clutches pearls* 
Via @MoscowTimes  Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow http://bit.ly/1fz1uYN 
Then he backed out of it.

Left: It means SOMETHING!
 
Reminder: Pres Trump also backed out of Trump Tower - Tampa  & probably other ones.
You know who never explained their Moscow visit/dealings? Bill Clinton. But it was a conspiracy theory then!
Orange County Register 1992 
Fielding so many so many press inquiries...GEE, I wonder where the Democrats/Clintons may have gotten the TrumpRussia idea...
Bill Clinton went overseas for anti-war protests & visit Moscow. 
 
MSM: *mentions Moscow*
Clinton: scoff
MSM: Ok
 
 Not with Trump, though!
Do us all a favor, leave America! Go to Dubai, China, Mexico, anywhere! You can make good on making America great again!
No one wants to see your tweets about how great you are and how you handled #HurricaneHarvey so much better than anyone else would've.
You are such a narcissistic, self absorbed reprobate that you can't even lead nation thru a natural disaster without focusing on yourself!
The best thing you can do for Houston is to stay far far away! Do what you do best, go golfing, anything, just stay away!
He needs to golf himself on a secluded island somewhere.
No that is what Obama would do
Trump has already golfed significantly more than Obama.
He's also spent way more on vacations!
Trump has never worked a day in his life!
You got it! He's a waste.
Everything is Bigger In Texas!  I Guess we should prepare ourselves for even BIGGER Lies and Deceit!!
These are the morons you are breeding who support you...
By Going to Texas you will only cause unneeded distraction.  You are almost better off staying at the WH trying to remove more Flood regs.
And By the Way, Climate change = warmer atmosphere = more moisture = more rainfall = more flooding = more death!
You are the exact opposite of what the People of Texas needs right now.  This is a time you should be playing Golf!
Trump will probably pardon another racist during a photo-op down there. Or try to fire Mueller.
I just hope he doesn't declare nuclear war on North Korea to take advantage of the ratings!
Love Eugene's hate. Jesus loves you. Don't spread hate.
They've suffered enough
But I guess u haven't! 8 years of Trump for ya coming up! Lol  #maga
Bless
8 months is pushing it ...
And somehow we are still standing!!! All democrats and the corrupt media against one ..... and he still stand  strong!  Thank u all
If you turn a blind eye to the fact he's a Nazi sympathiser and has colluded with the USA's biggest enemies then yeah you've all done great
Don't forget his boasts about sexually assaulting women

You would be a lot more helpful if you sent money and workers. I'm pretty sure they don't need a 71 yr old smiling for photos right now.
Maybe offer up your hotels as temporary lodging until homes are rebuilt? Since the gov't is paying into your properties anyway.
You could beg to rejoin the Paris Climate Accord also, so we can be involved in fighting climate change with the rest of the developed world
Unless you have big plans for underwater hotels in the future.
3 Years, 4 Months, 22 Days, 4 Hours, 49 Minutes, and 30 Seconds
Until he gets elected again
Not gonna happen
Where have I heard this before... 
We're just hoping that stupid doesn't strike the TrumpMonkeys twice.  Seriously, It cant happen twice, right? Please???
You guys had w. Bush twice...





If the last 3 things you posted don't tell ppl to vote every R out of Congress for dereliction of duty, I don't know what will. ENOUGH @GOP



Now is the time to inject needed capital into Fannie & Freddie. All systems are go for Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac to save Houston!
FnF need to be released, just for the sake of justice. No need for capital injection. Bailout is fraud. Government lied to the public.
Thats right! Give back what was stolen.

Tucker uncovers #fanniegate 
My PRESIDENT
For real? What kind of God do you worship?
Could you imagine waking up every morning and shit taking the president, Amy? Looool stay mad
Mate, could you imagine actually thinking that this man is doing a good job as president? Stay deluded.
Explain how he's not.
I present to you the last 6 months. That is my explanation.
dying at this 
I can't even see what it's in reference to and I loled

Haaaaa
Looking forward to having you here in Texas, Mr. President. Thank you for caring for the victims of Hurricane #Harvey.
The people of Houston are asking for help. You think Trump will donate any of his fortune towards those who need it the most?
you're just loving this huh
How's Felix Sater lololol
You mean the Russian mobster that Donald absolutely doesn't know or recognize? 
The timing couldn't be more perfect for the Donald. Takes all the focus off of his collusion and incompetency. Oh and racism.
Have a safe trip President Trump Thank you for all you do & for caring WeYou  #PrayersForHouston GodBlessAmerica 
God bless Trump , Texas & America....Amen... be safe  
POTUS HE CARES ABOUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!
Yes we do 
Trump has been repeating that #Harvey is the ‘biggest storm ever’ as if he’s in charge of marketing the hurricane & cheering it on.
Trump said he pardoned Arpaio during the hurricane so that it would get higher ratings. People are dying in Texas & Trump is glued to TV.
Water levels in Texas are still rising & the state rescue machinery is stretched to capacity. Trump visit might create more problems.
Maybe this visit will help Trump understand that "BIGGEST" storm is nothing to be excited about & is a catastrophic reality for thousands.
Unlikely. First priority: finding a golf course that's not underwater.
And bragging about how more people in Texas voted for him over Hillary.
It's the exclamation mark that really conveys the gravitas
it's literally that sms you send to update your mate on your status before a night out
When you've pre-loaded
Trump should visit the mosques that are taking in #Harvey victims, and thank them for giving shelter to Houstonians in need
More than can be said for @JoelOsteen, whose church can hold 16k people
When your megachurch is less welcoming to #Harvey victims than a furniture superstore, the IRS should terminate your tax exemption 
Why does it feel like you're "marketing" this Hurricane? Are you really trying to sell it as "the biggest storm ever" to get credit? 
Next he's going to ask for money to we build a wall high enough to keep the storms out.
He's not, he's bringing awareness and trying to help like any good president
But he's not a...
We don't want you here.
And nobody wants to hear the political opinions of an internet celebrity. You don't represent the majority. Stop taking like you do.
He lost the popular vote by almost 3 mil, sounds like the majority to me. Unfollow if you don't wanna hear my opinions, boo.
Mexico had a president who at 6 hours of that crisis day, was already walking with those affected by the floods and helping them
Typical left-wing cry babies. No matter what Trump does you will find a way to twist it.
USA does not have a president, has an irresponsible clown who thinks himself president
Hey Trump! Stop playing with the cell phone and attend to the millions of victims of #Harvey
TRUMPez is the dumbest president of the United States  ever
It was great to see you and .@FLOTUS roll up your sleeves and really help those suffering on the ground. Oh, wait, that didn't happen.
In case you were wondering, this is what a President does when facing those suffering loss.
What he doesn't do is use a hurricane for product placement so that he sells more shitty hats made in China.
Safe travels Mr. President 
#TexasStrong 
@hidehunt1 @realDonaldTrump He's a caring President!#TrumpTrain
He most definitely is
He loves #USA just like we do..#MAGA
"Our thoughts are with the people of #Texas and #Louisiana They & You #PresidentTrump have shown strength & courage"
Naw, we good. Don’t come unless you want to catch these hands or get baptized in #HurricaneHarvey. Your choice 
Post pictures if he catches someone's hands. I want a reason to celebrate today.
How about using the money for that stupid border wall to help the people in Texas instead?
#WallMoney4Texas
He would have to admit he is a racisting racist who does racisting while racisting...
Do try to not make worse Donnie
Bots are getting sassy.
I bet you that you're gonna make the whole thing about you, your family, or your presidency. How about caring about people for once?
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.

plz don’t come here. Love, Austin.
Watch out for the democrats!
No wonder why the democrats are so confused
Liberals, what the hell are you resisiting?

Keep up the great work! #AmericaFist leadership is what we voted for
Fist America?  Sounds about right.
Umm, yes we do. We need the support! Us that are actually suffering applaud the move and welcome you.
Their not getting in the way at all. People are devastated, defeated and welcome the President support.
Mr. President, Did Melania pack your "good manners" flash cards for Texas visit? 

Asking for America
#tuesdaythoughts

Godspeed President! Please let Texas know that All of America supports them & are proud of their shining example of love & unity!
Don't sound so happy, you utter donkey. You're not going on holiday (again).
Let FEMA handle this. Keep your racist ars home on the golf course.
Who do you think deployed FEMA and declared fed emergency before the storm hit to get help prepared to launch? #YourPrez
FEMA exists and operates under EVERY administration. Like I said, let them handle it. His presence will not help, just a photo op.
AND it forces 1st responders to tend to HIM & not relief/victims. #RatingsGrab #SelfishStunt #NOTmydamnpresident
AMEN. His presence and nightmare logistics only WORSEN the rescue efforts. He is a detractor from the real work. ALL SHOW.
Hopefully the people there will give you a piece of their mind!!
First stop...Joel Osteen's house for a handshake & cocktail.
Maybe hold a campaign rally in Osteen's church. Perhaps that's why he kept it empty.
You may be onto something here.
Fuck it drown Both They ass
facts
Haven’t they suffered enough Donald?
The suffering is over Oscumma and Killery on the book tour What Happened
No our suffering is a devastating hurricane and we no need him coming for a damn photo op
Photo ops that was Oscumma if you could drag him off the golf course
This photo was just taken in #Texas

This is happening RIGHT NOW Mr President

Whilst the highest office in the land denies #ClimateChange
Tell me Mikey, do u really think Climate is stagnant, only 2 have changed since the human Industrial Revolution? I present 2 u the following
Please don't. Houston can only handle one disaster right now… #HurricaneHarvey #HoustonFlood
u work to hard mr T! you need a vacation ASAP! THANK YOU FOR FIXING OUR COUNTRY SIR
NO!
IM NICE!
And you support a "president" who "won" through a rigged election with a platform of racism, xenophobia, and white supremacy.
Pobodys Nerfect!
Share how Black American patriot YouTuber tells pro blacks to STOP using racism as crutch during #HurricaneHarvey
Black American patriot @MauriceDelk tells pro blacks to STOP using racism as crutch during #HurricaneHarvey! #anonymous #ExposeTheLeft #tcot 
Ok, thanks. Keep me posted.
"What a crowd, what a turnout"....you are shameful!!! This is not about you! It's "epic", do you even know what it means? "Heroic or grand!
This is a catastrophic natural disaster where people have lost everything including their lives....you are just an embarrassment....
Why did you go to Corpus Christi, did the hurricane even make landfall there? Or were you trying to disassociate yourself from the victims
and all the failures of local, state and federal government? I think Corpus Christi was your pr stunt and a chance to campaign but you'll be
in jail by next election. That or you were just being Cowardly Donny, afraid you might get your shoes wet. God help us from You & your
Grifters family.
DJ打碟？
Why? FBI closing email request on Clinton's scandal!
FBI saying not enough public interest, that's BS!
That's another promise not met, mr. President!
The majority of the American people in America, still want to see Hillary Clinton charged and convicted and sent to prison!
I'd prefer Mars. Could you make that happen?
Give em a fucking break mate
If he could
Leave for Prison!
Obama already here. we straight!
Oh great. Waters are rising, and here comes Trump. Smart as a sponge, but not as useful... On account of his self-absorbed condition.
How bout "leaving for prison"? Think we'd prefer that
Come visit me

Thank you Mr. President 

#TexasStrong #Harvey #MAGA
Still laughing 
Wish that read: "Leaving now for GOOD!"
So do many Americans! Sad that he pays people to be at his rallies! Sad very sad President! #45AMERICAWANTSYOUGONE
A disaster went to a disaster.
Please don't. Austin really doesn't like u &!u did nothing for the people. Obama at least went & hugged pple, walked along damaged areas. 
Don't forget to stop by my place with a warm gift of $1,000,000.
I will accept $1,000 weekly for life if that's easier ;)
Haven't the good people of Texas suffered enough?
"Leaving now for Texas!"
Act like the President going to visit citizens that need help and not like a kid going on a field trip.
.@realDonaldTrump How real presidents behave during difficult time all over their country.With empathy. @BarackObama
Barack Obama with a victim of Hurricane Sandy. 
Yoo trumpinator when am i getting the invite to the white house #loyal #AnotherOne
Cool, thanks for the warning
Me, my family, and everyone I know was thrilled that you came to Corpus Christi. Next time, stop by for some barbecue.
Good. Stay there.
Hey @POTUS, did you write that million dollar check yet? #Fraud
Don't bother @realDonaldTrump our real president @BarackObama is already there
Hey Trump! How much money are you donating to Texas???
You didn't see any flooded area, didn't talk to any people who were affected, didn't get your hands dirty. What u did do is make a complete
It's time from you to resign. You have made America weak, the laughing stock of world, the joke of America. You're a joke. FLOTUS is Joke.
Agreed
Not you tho
So me no die?
No donald trump die
Ok
this looks like a text i send to my mom
Don't come back.
Sandra bullock donated $1 million to the Houston appeal, what have you done apart from brag about how many people came to see you?
Where like a true narcissist, you talked about crowd size.
Another campaign stop?
Crowd size/Turn out does not matter when people are losing everything including their lives... Embarrassing Ego trip, resign! #ImpeachTrump
I truly believe Donald Trump had the best interest of the American people. His actions tell the story. God bless President Trump.
Be safe President Trump!
Don't fuck this up.
We don't need you here! We have enough amazing leadership here in Southeast Texas. Leave us be.
Great time for Texas to leave the union savings us $200 Billion and giving millions of Trump supporters a county they can make great.
Idiot.
You embarrassed us. How could you talk about a "crowd turn out"during a state of crisis? No heart! You are empty of a soul.
You are a fucking disgrace, people have died n lost everything n ur sorry ass was talking about crowd size, You didn't mentioned victims.
why didn’t you visit with the victims and actually view the damage????
when we said get out of washington this isn't exactly what we meant
Run Texas run. The guy with the bad haircut is coming
Please! They just had one disaster, they dont need another. Stay home!
Thank President Trump for being a real true blue American 
Texas has had it hard enough now get away from them
Good. Stay there.
Did someone forget to tell you that your trip to Houston wasn't a rally & that people are dying/losing their homes & they need a leader?
Leave now forever.
The REAL issue is RUSSIA TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON-JAIL
Thank you #POTUS for responding to the Texas people and America in this times of need. #MAGA 
Nothing's more expensive than disaster relief for victims of #HurricaneHarvey except your silly #BorderWall.
You were addressing evacuees and said " What a crowd, great turnout"
What is wrong with you?
Haven't they suffered enough?
Remember to turn off the stove and pack some clean underwear.
Please don't come back.
Why haven't you offered to help these people by donating some of your BILLIONS OF DOLLARS???? You could afford even just one million!
Please continue on to Canada.
My apologies to Texas, they already have enough stress to deal with :(
Please don't.
I look so forward to 'leaving office" tweet
Good luck with people welcoming u with open arms Trump !!!!
Turn around
Go to #Paris & tell them you made mistake & want to support actions minimising global warming
STAY OUT OF OUR STATE
Text me when you're home safe boo
Assholes on a Plane. This version doesn't have Sam Jackson in it.

#ImpeachTrumpNOW #SteeleDossier @MSNBC
Keep up the good work
You really don't understand exclamation points, do you!?!
Be safe THANK YOU #MAGA GOD BLESS AMERICA AND PRESIDENT TRUMP AND FIRST LADY MELANIA 
No one cares.
We don't want you here
Two disasters in the one place is a lot for them to cope with.
Why
Stay where u at boy
You going back to Texas bro?
please no
Best POTUS ever! God bless you and FLOTUS! 
We need to take care or North Korea right now @realDonaldTrump. Those missiles are for our west coast!
Are you sending yourself or your child to "deal" with #noko
But you didn't go to Houston. You don't have empathy for the victims of Harvey because a narcissist can't have empathy.
On your way to jail?
Du scheisssssssss!!!!!!! HUREN SOHN
Fly safe Sir. Please show you really care. Not just in words. 
I am blunt because I believe in all humanity.
