Congratulations Mr. @POTUS and Godspeed.
I thought the speech was fantastic
It was shit and you know it.

hahaha @FoxNews  really, what about @CNN

great speech for Americans by our president
poor Melania. Feel for her. She's a good woman.
there'll be more protesters than inaugural attendees. BIGLY SAD
Fox News Is the Best only station I will watch! :)
Will you continue to use this Twitter account or will you exclusively use @POTUS? #DontStopUsingYourTwitterAccount!
It's nice to know that us Americans are thought of in a Big way. Thank you president Donald J. Trump

#NoMandate
good morning Mr. PRESIDENT.......get to work, lol
Donald, you must be living in an alternate reality. Everyone that counts is saying your speech was only for your base.
Small hands. Small crowd. Small, whatever. @realDonaldTrump
fox covers fairly, I thought speech was great.
There are lies, damned lies, and then there's every word from Donald Trump's mouth.
 @realDonaldTrump
i have some crayons for you.
and a special thanks to Bane from the Dark Knight movie
We are so excited, thank you!
worst speech in the history of speeches.
Yesterday the USA declared war against the entire world and also to its own citizens who disagree with DJT. Sad!
Fox has been doing a GREAT job!! I can't stop smiling . So happy. America has a REAL PRESIDENT!
My president!!! All eyes on you
congratulations best of luck
well start packing.dont make liers out of yourselves
How was it waking up as the President in your new home for hopefully the next 8 years? :) Good Morning Mr.@POTUS !!!
so much for helping the middle class and poor when republicans work in the dead of night only the rich win
like most people in the nation I look at congress as the enemy of the nation they sell there soul 4 greed money
So now it's your America, huh? We don't want your vision! Do you HEAR that? Power hungry much?
Your speech was brilliant, it came from the heart.
you will never be my president!
It cant have been your speech, yours was appalling, worst ever, very bad speech, not well received at all
#Trump's #Inauguration speech was the worst in U.S. history. It was nativist and jingoistic.
yes for people of America- get out of other lives. Tired billions thrown foreign fx this country
So very proud of you from our family in Alabama! Proud of the USA AGAIN! God Bless America!
The attending crowd, nar... not so great though hunny. but sure if you enjoyed it none the less.. then fantastic!
@NBCNews @BreakingNews @ABCNewsLive @nytimes @eonline @msnbc #TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain  #PUTINGATE
DISGUSTING! I just puked! @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @NBCNews @BreakingNews @ABCNewsLive @nytimes @eonline @MSNBC
fake you 
.@realDonaldTrump don't you have a job to be doing instead of watching TV?
But we all know @FoxNews isn't truthful. Honest reviews said your speech was shit. It was small -minded, mean and divisive.
LOL those four news outlet would have hate  DJTs speech if it was verbatim "I have a dream".
I used to think only 3rd world ignorance elected dictators, then deplorables came along.
Really?
Sure. @realDonaldTrump is basically just Gaddafi. Same views. Same taste in furniture and women.
Not even close
You must be a Trump cultist. All those tinpot dictators are much the same.
The speech had such a 1930s classic feel to it. That's just Mein opinion.
Lol Dan. Went completely over the head. No wonder you need a "strong-man" like Trump
YUGEST CROWDS EVER!... oh wait those were all protestors. It looks like America isn't allowing fascism 2 rise
not sure what the lie was...as he had a tiny inaug compared to the protests and previous inaug?
again I'm not going by one report(er), I'm going by live coverage on multiple ch and google earth
you do realize there was a live feed correct? Anyway I'm done w belaboring a point which is moot
Love Your Speech Mr President God Bless You Sir
So, only those that agree with you offer "good" news. POTUS should always appear non-partisan. Try it out.
A black day for America and I refused to watch this horrible spectacle. By hearing how few attended, I was not alone.
great reviews are really key to a successful presidency as we all know...Donnieyou're out of your element
you're concerned w/ "great reviews" from your news lackeys while signing away homeowners rights & ACA coverage.
hmmm?
Speech was rated worst in inaugural history. #deluded #notmypresident #traitor #illegitimatepresident
You forgot the word Fake" Fox News.
aca en chile estan bicotiando al gobierno los de la deracha ..quemando los pblados ....
Terrible speech.  Typical narcissism.
Oh, NOW you like Faux News?
you seem to care more about good reviews and approval ratings than you do getting real work done.
Singling out a news outlet? Very Presidential.
Ummm no one else actually liked your speech except your new state run media. Oh maybe Breitbart, sorry I misspoke.
76% of The American  people want your taxes,  not just the media.  YOU PROMISED ON TV or are you a Presidential LIAR.
Less talk Mr. President...Let's see u make America Great Again!
the speech was awful.  Dark with no inspiration.  One more lie
Then why do you look so miserable and sad?
#FakeNewsAlert #FoxFakeNews U R an emotionally insecure personal.  SO SAD!!
I've heard better.
I thought the media were dishonest?....
Great speech. No doubt even better in the original Russian.
- Nobody wants you as POTUS. Protestors outnumbered the participants at the inauguration. #TrumpMostHatedPresident
Old man! Quit already! Your tweeting reminds me of an old man popcorn farting down the hallway to have diarrhea!
Remenber Americans support constitutional president 44 legacity,legitimacy law and order now it's time for America
Your "speech" was NOT a good speech. It was HORRIBLE. Best part about it was that it was only 16 min long.
@TeamTrump @FoxNews Was so inspirational to watch.  Thank you for the feeling of "oneness" again.
you are the worst thing ever to happen in the US. So sad!
#1
what a lousy speech
beautiful insuguration. Classy family!
you sounded like you were calling on your brothers in bed sheets #TrumpnKKK
So proud to finally be able to call you OUR President! Congratulations. Looking forward to the next 8 years. Bigly!
Need 2 do something about cnn. It's international broadcast is sending negative news
Great Start! Keep it up!

We're in your head. We're in your head. Heehee. Can't get us out, huh?
Please help me escape the carnage! I left school with no knowledge and live next to an abandoned factory/tombstone.
#fauxnews...liars
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Well in the entire world people laughed about your silly repeat the same 30 times speech. So... Great??? How???
And congrats to your 8th grade speech writers.  Nice work!
Fox Opinion news you mean republicans news that is the basis for fake news. Fox lies so we know you love them.
And the majority of publications that saw through failing pile of garbage speech.
is not a "news outlet"
gratulation from Norway
Fox News is the only news outlet ignorant enough to say positive things about you.
You and the press You like them when you don't screw up When you do something that is wrong you say they lie
Lol! More like Faux News! I locked them the night Hillary won the popular vote.
truth hurts. #notmypresident may be the new dictator, but not my president
Foxnews said your speech was the wrong tone.
Magnificent speech from our President! He spoke from his heart and I could not be prouder 
glad fox really liked your speak. That haven't like anything you say. #propoganda
corruption
God Bless you. Thank you President Trump.
you referring to  this speech.....? 
#Trump
Your speech was horrible and you know it.
trump stand on your word and move the embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem the capital state of israel
why not set up a fund send these people actresses over to canada they wanted to go
#alternativefactsarenotfacts OOPS
We're still waiting for the specifics on those other "news outlets." Your speech, most agree, was awful.
your speech was the worst in history @FoxNews
low energy speech. Obama speech much better. George W speech better. You forgot your flag pin. Just Sad really.

- FAKED, RIGGED and OVER RATED 
why would you thank FoxNews?  I thought you didn't like the #FakeNews networks?
Again.  "Look how much they like me".  Enough already
Outlet for the traitors who sold our country to Putin white supremacists and invaded our country. #notmypresident
stop congratulating yourself and get back to work! Look up the definition of inspiring, it eludes you. #WeTheBoss
Fox News gave you a good review? I would have never guessed! #Notmypresident
Wishing you the best.. Don't let the people down.
#dontbuildawall
#buildabridge
There's the first stupid tweet of the  presidency.
u only thanked Fox. They gave u the most money. They're crooked and a liar like u.
Injustice ignored is injustice  increased.   Keep 'em accountable Mr. President @realdonaldtrump @foxnews
I love you President Trump @POTUS  
speech sucked. Even fox said. Amateur. Out of your league.
Desperate for approval like a big toddler...
you can fool yourself all the time apparently
All those others were Fox Business, Fox Sports, Fox Assoc for Anal Licking of Repub Leaders, Fox Nazi News
You need to read. Make America Read Again.
we waited a long time for this day.  atleast 8YEARS.
Let's hear what your doing in office Exect orders reaching across isle healing divides appointments met campaign promises
Your Inaugural Address is 100% correct! I can't wait to frame it & hang it in my home.
That speech sucked. @FoxNews
LES GRANDES NATIONS SONT CELLES QUI RESPECTENT LEURS PEUPLES ET LES AUTRES !!!!!
you're kidding me... right? Worst speech ever, lowest ratings and smallest crowd at the inauguration! LMFAO!!!
is it true you forgot to have a sign language interpreter Friday, please confirm, if yes apologize & change going forward
Fox News is not news.  Fox News is not news.  Fox News is not news.  Fox News is not news.
speech sucked
That was the worst speech doom and gloom. Only Fox agree #Maga #illegitimatePresident #UNFIT #TheResistance
WHO IS SON MOON TELL US NOW
just remember you can't rule a pile of rubble
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
I now need to read up on Fascism.
German Press: "That Was No Pres Speech; That Was A Declaration Of War" - My Angels Cloud http://myangelscloud.com/german-press-no-presidential-speech-declaration-war/ …
Most people with knowledge and education didn't praise your speech. Embarrassing.
Fox called BS on your press secretary
show your taxes
Did you hear what George W. Bush said when asked about your speech?  He told the reporter "Good to see you again."
great reviews? I have yet to hear them
Hahahaha
Thank you! It's an honor to call you President. U didn't have to do what you did & you didn't have to endure what you did.
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
greaat speech you gave good luck to you in the years ahead
I am still waiting on the review each others' asses. Are they as smooth on the finish as they are on the front?
I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
so happy to be right there in this epic moment in history Sandra Buchholz CEO of Rheumatoid Arthritis Foundation
it was a great speech
ya u bought fox news now!! they r kissing ur ass
@HyeGrenadier79 @FoxNews 
...other news outlets like Pravda and the National Enquirer.
At least we agree on #FakePMCrookedJustine
