PAY THE WOMEN ENTREPERENURS INVEST IN US ITS LONG OVERDUE WE CREATE JOBS TOO! http://www.athlettes.com  MADE OLYMPIC AND WALL STREET HISTORY COME ON !!!!!!!!!!!! WE ELECTED YOU!!!!!
#AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Good,Great for you and yours now.
#7thofMarch2018 #Zürich “Was #SteveBannon vergaß: #VergesseneMenschenderWelt. Beispiel: Vergessene Arbeiter & Arbeiterinnen der #PapierfabrikanderSihl, Zürich, ex-älteste #Company der #StadtZürich #Gründung 1471, #Shutdown 2015; verdienen ewige Erinnerung." #RonaldStocker
@Weltwoche  #Event 3.6.18
What @SteveKBannon forgot:
Forgotten people of the world. For example: Male & female workers of the Paper Company "An der Sihl, Zürich", ex oldest enterprise of the town of Zurich - founded in 1471, shut down in 2015 - deserve to be remembered for always
Es ist bald soweit: http://www.rsa1st.ch  #MarioHotz hat in 18 Stunden Arbeit 2000 Fotos seines einzigartigen Konzeptes sortiert. Was für ein -Geheimnis wird nächstens gelüftet? Shutdown Papierfabrik an der Sihl PLUS Aufbau Green City auf selben Boden: https://www.facebook.com/UTO-Plus-543341232413830/ …
@floridayys Thank you President Trump
This will put America First! @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @StephenMilIer #AmericaFirst @TuckerCarlson @AnnCoulter @IngrahamAngle Keep your promise!
Finally, a President not afraid to do the right thing.
Thank you Mr. President

The forgotten will no longer be forgotten.
Place in W.V steep decline needs attention.
Promises made Promises kept
All political prisoners need to be freed...Starting with Leonard Peltier 2018
Actions speak louder then words. Military veterans deserve same benefits as congress -100k a year for life after one term
Nice! But will their patience endure?
Huh. Apparently we've been neglecting our billionaires. Who knew.
Can't you for once be honest and tell people when you are talking about 'the forgotten' -- you mean YOU and your cronies? #DontheCon
Lies, more lies. Your budget and the #AmericanHealthCatastropheAct are atrocious travesties for the American people. You are deplorable.
Don't you mean RICH people first?
I guess we'll be a nation of squatters?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
you were quoted by @USATODAY
America First means F the other countries. They dont matter. America is better.
Sweep around your own doorstep before you sweep around others
Considering how he is screwing the forgotten man w/his HC bill maybe forgotten man should have been in quotes.......
Follow your dream, buy #artwork from #RalphKlein http://ralph-klein.pixels.com/featured/beach-and-sand-ralph-klein.html …
I would just like to say. If Donald Trump turned water to wine. Democrats would say nothing more than it's bad wine
@lgmaterna thank you President Trump I'm one of the forgotten deplorables MAGA 
stop dumping refugees in AZ they r violent n hurting our children in schools here. Y doesn't Am kids life matter
how about native Americans who will now have a pipeline running through sacred land #NoDAPL
Oh so now religious beliefs are important 2 u?
tell that to the people in flint Michigan who still don't have clean drinking water
Flints politicians need 2 get on th@
cool story bro
trying to forget you! or fjorget sweden
you mean the 1% right?
Why is America having such a problem with this? I think that most have grown daft!
I think this is a great sentiment.  From a geopolitical stance too, we can't help others if we can't help ourselves
This is from a draft dodger ?
Встречайте 45-й президент, Donald J. Trump!  Don't forget our deal comrade! Russia 2nd #InaugurationDay #GoldenShowers
That lasted all of a New York minute. #resist #ResistTrump #PutinsPuppet #PresidentBannon #flynnresigns
You will not let the men and women of this country be forgotten No you are saying Americans are first then legal immigrants
lie, gaslighting, brainwashing, circle-talking #45iknowwhatyouare #yourmaskisbroken #PsychologicalManipulation
That's just what Hitler said!
except that it's not.
what about the dream of a land free of religious persecution?  Free of discrimination based on ethnicity?
some same no to that in USA
Slogans, just like Hitler. Can't you formulate intelligent sentences and thoughts? Oh, that's right, you can't read.
Mr. President, stop sending money to other countries!
You're forgetting me
I wish I knew the date of Sir Robert Menzies "Forgotten people" speech. But it was a long time ago.
your political work is for the forgotten Billionaires
i hope you really mean that and please fix the va soon gulfwar troops need care asap we are forgotten and uncared for
#MakeAmericaFirstAgain
g
The "forgotten" people are by & large racists. U have made racism popular again.That isn't good! Not sustainable!
that's a nazi slogan from americans in the late 30s and early 40s, but sure!!! keep using it
Does this mean all people? Or just White people?
All Americans not all ppl
Except for anyone who disagrees with him, any people of color, liberals, democrats, FBI Agents trying to do their job, etc. Basically that leaves the brainwashed Trump Base & The Russians.
We should care about the poor, the refugees, the orphans and other fellow human beings around the world as well.
I hope you're referring to the native Americans.. Because they're the forgotten ones.. And it was THEIR land to begin with.
Help forgotten people w/ a National Electronic Medical Record. Save lives & save taxpayer $ by stopping healthcare waste
PLEASE don't forget the elderly and disabled Mr president! Greetings from Florida God bless u and keep you always!
#humanityfirst #PeaceAndLove #lovemuslims #mexicansrule #usuck #ObamaLegacy
#suckadickfirst
Is it an illusion or truth that it seems like Mr. Steve Bannon will become most powerful person in the US.
I agree with you because it's your  country u can do whatever you want to protect your country
you don't respect American! You are a narcissist
Ifeel forgottenCant work3back surgeries other health issues cant get insu. cant get disab estranged husb gets disabScrewed!
To be forgotten means one was once known. Please say hello to love. Maybe then it will be forgotten no longer. 
Most real Americans appreciate what you are doing.
PLEASE do NOT respond to the naysayers negatively. It gives them upper hand. Honestly. God Bless
Do not be discouraged by the voice of a few, you are the voice of most.
Where are your policies for them then? So far we heard nothing. Unless you intend to lecture them for their 'bad choices'
You mean like us gay atheists who are persecuted at every turn?
forget yersel ya mutant
I can't wait to buy American products!
just like the 1930's. Do you have any original material?
your decision wate why because u r non humanity......
nationalism !
I have already been forgotten... BY YOU DJT. As a veteran you have directly harmed me and my healthcare.
so is making harder for poor people to get the #healthcare  they need putting #AmericaFirst ?
..America first? LIAR! I'm a gay female on disability, I stand to lose EVERYTHING with you as president
don't forget officers in state corrections that protect the public n still severely underpayed!
@WashingtonDCTea spies labor for their freedom with no recognition or pay.they lifespan bandits
@WashingtonDCTea what about spies laboring for freedom with no recognition or pay
@WashingtonDCTea what about spies laboring for freedom with no rcognition or pay.
@WashingtonDCTea what about spies expected to labor whole lifespan with no recognition or pay.lifespan bandits.
Finally!!! 
It's been agreat week! !
Yes it has and fun too watching the liberal meltdown
Help us get business loans - Obama denied us several times - we live from pention to pension & credit cards - thanks!
thank you Sir!

Are you talking about the American Indians and the Indian Nations?  No PIPELINES!
*sips tea* but England still has free medicine and we accept differences
DO NOT let anyone tell you that Islam can ever be anything other than an enemy
PLEASE prove this to be true, Mr. President. My dire situation is a no win one.
These local predator pieces of capital criminal sh!t aren't gonna stop targeting, terrorizing, orchestrating... http://fb.me/KqUgShsM 
This is absolute bullshit
This great
We will be remembered because we will stand against your tyranny.
Is the exclusive welfare of America not a mission too small for the »greatest leader of the world«?
#MakeEmpathyGreatAgain
America First?! With you as POTUS, more like America Worst!
Please read your history. This never ends well.
Oh, hey! Just in case you forgot, Mexico is part of America...
What about the Native Americans in the Dakota region? They seem pretty forgotten...
unless you want health-care, paid maternity leave, equal rights ....
Right behind you, that is - right Donald?
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/501554/&ved=0ahUKEwiDhpnUpuPRAhUIbiYKHTE1CE0QFgjPATAb&usg=AFQjCNFFexNZPDuyhnm2tcBNPoNGMOokaA&sig2=LXYGjz3vzVUqbuKbkBG-Yw …
So we should just fuck everybody else? Wake up baby hands more than half the country fucking hates you!
then you better not cut their benefits!!
but then you froze military raises?? allot of them already collect food stamps and more qualify for food stamps.not right
They deserve the best this country has to offer them for their service and courage!!
why don't you just ask Denmark how they find their health care.  It's the best in the world.
Except veterans, women, immigrants, LGBTQ, minorities, middle class etc. You know, the majority.
lol you know nothing of these people. You can even conceive their life and their pain
may God's favor bless you with the ability to make wise decisions.
they want to forget.
Hey, have you released any FEMA funds, yet to the people down south who went through the twisters??!!
don't forget the thousands who are at Standing Rock protesting a pipeline that threatens clean water for over 10 million.
you mean.... JESUS FIRST! 
..yeah right. Spend money on vets and not a dumb useless wall
You froze the VA hiring...WE HIRE VETERANS!!  They now sit waiting for a job.
For the people to fully follow you be a Full Leader A leader does not belittle his people on any gestured #America1st
If we close our borders and create tariffs it will be America last. You have an Economics Degree? Sad.
God Bless you Mr President
Please do not forget the newest Americans.  America's greatness originates from its diversity and compassion.
My sister was born here, has been out of a job for years, has been looking for years. Give her a job.
you mean #AmericaPaysFirst and gets reimbursed later right?
tell that to the veterans you are sending to early graves.
I hope blacks " the real Hebrews" are included in this statement.
extraordinary speech. Youre great. Really need to speak with you please michelle dgoffm@yahoo.com
Sacerdote Cristiano Rastafari a la orden, desde aqui de Venezuela te enviare ideas que te puedan servir. +++ + +++
only if they make over 200,000 a year because you only care about rich people, not disabled,like me!!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten again until the next election. It’s going to be #TrumpFirst
.....while the rest of the world removes you from our Christmas list.

By an idiot who disrespected our troops? #ImpeachNOW
I am forgotten no longer. Your father I'm sure is very proud of You D.J.Trump and so am I. Heaven can wait, don't mess up.
I assume you're speaking of the native Americans to whom this land belongs, although to assume would make an ass out of me
Great ohh how you never served in the military. The silliest sense too show your unwanted patriotism too this country
as long as they weren't captured right? You prefer the ones who haven't been captured if I recall correctly 
Just as long as they're male, white, and rich...right?
yes hardworking tax paying citizens should not be forgotten...thank you...finally a President that gets it!!!
The forgotten are the elderly&retired whose SS & pensions are being stolen & slashed!  Congress is slashing these benefits!
I think we will be sad and lonely if we only put ourselves first. Jesus did not tell us to put ourselves first
you mean Russians First?
do they still execute people for treason? God I hope so.
yeah the billionaires, nazis and kkk members at long last will have a voice in our country, just like the glory days....
as you strip our rights away.
They won't be forgotten, they'll be deported.
"I wont repeal until we replace, Mexico will pay, 3mil+ illegals voted..." Careful, ur spinning a web u can't get out of...
@billmaher Don't you feel warm & fuzzy inside
like veterans? Cos ACA repeal is Fucking them over with the rest of us.
Cool! So you're going to help women, people of color, the disabled, and the poor? Thanks for remembering us!! #ITMFA
Congratulations Mr.President, the Silent Majority supports you. We will work with You to make America great again!
