Member subsidies are reported on yearly taxes.  This IS NOT free money. Does the Gov report the $ offset by their allocations vs taxes pd?
Who the hell knows Obamacare is a massive and complicated tax law that's a crony gift to health insurance companies.
Hmm... http://www.pnhp.org/facts/what-is-single-payer …
What are you waiting on force the government to magically deliver healthcare to everyone even illegals
Followed by the rest of demands for free stuff like college and whatever else you can dream up that's owed to you
Whew! Hate much?
Single payer.... Nip the escalating & extravagant industry profits.
Single payer would boost corporate profits & stocks removing all healthcare cost from businesses by putting it on taxpayers like you. I'm in
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/what-is-single-payer …
YOU CAN KEEP YOUR PLAN! YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DOCTOR! Wait, what? Oh, JUST KIDDING! Your rates will  increase by 200%. Our bad!
Obamacare insurance subsidies paid by taxpayers are corporate welfare stealing from all of us! Don't fund ACA ins bailouts!
#ACA #epicfail
Exactly. RomneyCare doesn't work. #SinglePayer Get rid of #CorporateWelfare
And just what do you think your appeal rights will be with Washington DC single payer?
#FullRepeal
#freemarket
I am from the government and I am here to help you. Does Anyone believe that BS? The VA is govt healthcare. Go there sometime.
There is no Constitutional provision guaranteeing insurers annual higher prfit .
Correct. That's the point. Tragedy in all of this is it is playing with peoples' lives.It sickens one.
Matthew 5:9
Blessed are the #peacemakers, For they shall be called #sons of #God.


If Comey sees that he will be jealous. He likes his little boys dressed as Howdy Doody! #pedogate
This must be the GOP's fault, no?
We desperately need a replacement of it! A replacement which can be accepted and voted in Congress!


@realDonaldTrump This is why you need to lead a bi-partisan effort(Democrats)hint, to stabilize and bring solutions to marketplace.  Will u?
Faux is not a reputable source.
Yea but fox is!

Obama gave us a health care system that penalizes the young, bankrupts the middle class, and does not let you keep your provider.
Do you understand how insurance works? And the middle class is going bankrupt not bc of healthcare, and providers need to be kept in check
Obamacare is helping prevent middle class bankruptcies- they have coverage now.
BS
an early bot birthday gift? #Trumpbots #BuildThatWall 994
If course they are and they will we will pay more and pay Congress way so they don't have any kick back from Obama care end it suffer to
Fox News is the biggest fake news station around! I can't wait for the day we hear your famous words...Your Fired! Liar liar liar
Not again. Remember Donny The Television isn't a Government Adviser!!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So much propaganda! Time for #truthout
NOT just Fox & Friends; to Trump it's "my Friends at Fox". The 
24 hr Trump Channel. Nausea all day long.
Again, because of @realDonaldTrump not guaranteeing payments to them. The same type of $$ the R's put in their version of healthcare.
Repeal! Repeal! Repeal! Now!!!
Let it collapse
Foolishness  @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump
Fox should be off the air. fake news
The only place u can get unedited version of events. Test it & see for yourself. I was all abt MSNBC;now it's  all spin and lack of coverage
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Driving them higher while killing our HC.
They are really looking for a Government  Bail Out. Using the rate payers as hostage . We must stop this . They have control of our Senate !
regulate the industry! It should NOT be a profit run entity!
Why dont you get rid of the CFTC? They do NOTHING on the silver and gold price manupulation and rigging of the true markets? Thanks
Time for more Fake News form #Trump.
That is Because Trump is Not Paying they! Trump is sabotaging Obamacare!
Stay the Course, We Stand With You. God Bless! #MAGA #USA
Doomsday ostrich
There is no sand in the city. Do Not Resist.
You mean, blindly obey? That's not how a democracy should work.
Great Advice but unfortunately the Obama's left in January.
Why is he tweeting about an article that blames him for the problem?
The problem is Obamacare not the president trying to fix it. Do Not resist.
Why? Because the loser in chief and his #Fake statements. He should learn his Presidential Duties or get the fuck out #Obamacare #impeach
Unfortunately #media #trump fails get past political hype think blaming to address #healthcare drivers #ThursdayThoughts @foxandfriends @cnn
I feel bad for all the gullible, brainwashed Fox News watchers. Someday they'll realize they've been lied to.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  Someone  please chart the  amt. of money from the Health Insurers lobbying to the GOPe pockets.
tRUMP fake news again.
...over half of which is due SPECIFICALLY TO TRUMP'S SABOTAGE THREATS, according to the carriers themselves. http://acasignups.net/2018-rate-hikes 
(And for the record: @realDonaldTrump quoted my data on his campaign website last year): http://acasignups.net/16/10/26/tale-two-maps-trump-doesnt-even-read-his-own-website …
3 Years, 5 Months, 17 Days, 4 Hours, 59 Minutes, and 55 Seconds





Sorry. Heres a update on that fact...its actually 38% now...that was June.
Not true. Trump is very popular.
Oh sorry...@foxnews reports its up to 39% last week...my bad. And that is his base...the rest of us think he needs to be committed/jailed.
We want #Trump Plans !!!  #MAGA & #SaveWorld
He has no plans that's the problem. Did you notice all the "plans" he had (healthcare, taxes, ISIS) never actually existed?
More negligent reporting. You fail to mention the reason is because of the Trump admin hostile policies and threats to withhold subsidies
RT @foxandfriends: Insurers seeking huge premium hikes on ObamaCare plans http://fxn.ws/2vkmNy9 ...
Could it be that the White House and Republicans are affecting the market in a negative way due to uncertainty??
Maybe you should focus on cracking down on the insurance providers and their outrageous profits?
ALL insurance premiums are increasing. 
This is not just an issue for OCare, it affects EVERY person in the US.
Please, Mr. Trump, HELP!
Yea well if people refuse to pay I'm sure they will understand. Insurance is another form of bs perpetrated on us from the illegal feds
Now do you see why we need to get rid of Obamacare?
#CluelessBastard Is what @realDonaldTrump is NEVER Reads Just a #UseFulliDiot
You really don’t know what you’re talking about you should stop embarrassing yourself!
...while making record profits and providing zero value to the Health Industry. Maybe it's time for them to go, no?
Profit and healthcare are unnatural bedfellows?
They should be unnatural.
Why would anyone get into any business that doesn't make a profit?
Single payer. And the entire health insurance industry can disappear. Poof, gone.
Along with the quality of your health care.
Nope. Countries with a universal plan have better outcomes for less money.
Was Charlie Gard what you call a better outcome?

Fake News!
Idiots. Article says: Obamacare isn’t to blame for premium hikes. Trump and Rs to blame because they continue to sabotage it.
Just following the script. Built to fail on the way to Obamanista's socialist single-payer system. Democrats in motion...
Maybe read the article. The reason for rising rates is the potential repeal of subsidies and individual mandate.
Sorry, that's wrong. The reason for rises in rates would be lack of competition. Ever considered real free market capitalism? It works.
Quote from article:"... insurers are concerned about Trump’s threat to halt payments to the industry that in turn help bring down costs,"
Insurance should NEVER make a profit off our health! Remove insurance from the equation! ACA is a socialist agenda - not for America!
well repukes are breaking aca their voters are the ones benefiting from ACA 
2018 is looking good for left of center thanks repukes LOL
The MSM & DEMS HEADS ARE EXPLODING! !!!!!!!!!
PROUD AMERICAN
No more money to Obamacare! Insurance companies ripping off Americans!
THE OBAMINATION INSURANCE "PAY FOR PLAY".
Foolish little man...you wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face!
More Fake news. Just seeing fox and trump in the same post means total made up news now!
#LockHimUp #covfefe #assclowns
The #realnews realis that #45 will directly be respinsible for the devastation since he'll "turn off" insurance passthrough
Did you read this part before retweeting, Donald?

Trump has caused this by threats and weaken confidence.  So, yeah...he is trying to destroy your healthcare.
Your happy this is happening or at least say it is , gloating about time u can offer nothing to some.
Perhaps the insurers can do more than congress did.  All @SenJohnMcCain fault.  #neverforget
Can't have anything to do with president Plumpy's plan to not pay them, can it? Insurance companies, jacking rates in unsure times? SHOCKING
Because of Trumpian bungles and threats. He is the monster in the cookie jar.
Hope they just all bail on ACA and all the bailouts end.  We are tired of this mess.
Aetna just announced 50% increase in 2Q profits and attributed it to Healthcare and ACA.  Ins. cos. Are taking Trump for a ride!  Wake up!
It's a Ponzi scheme Insurance big-time Ponzi scheme
Once again, I remind you. Obamacare is FIXABLE. AMERICANS want it FIXED & SAVED. There will be ELECTORAL CONSEQUENCES for @GOP's SABOTAGE.
Universal Health Care for all is the way to go.  Let's get it done!!!
@FoxNews has lost any credibility with proven #FakeNews. The president and his Nationalist mouthpiece (aka Fox News) are passé & irrelevant.
because Trump is threatening to cut them off, @foxandfriends the official progapanda machine of Trump continues its Goebbels like campaign
Funny how people say Trump is responsible for the Rep's failure, even though THEY have been saying they had a fix the past 7 years.
Let them and let it fail already
This is YOUR fault, Donald Trump. YOUR FAULT!!
Proof read fake president!!! You're such a bofoon!!!
yes because of your rhetoric....
LET President Trump cut out the subsidies to Insurance Companies and the ones to the Congress.
Of course, when lier in chief keeps treating not to pay them, doesn't take a Philadelphia lawyer to figure that one out.
Premiums were going up this much before Ocare. The law didn't really change much. It certainly didn't deliver on what it promised.
The system, as designed by Dems, is working according to plan.
Hey everybody - check this story out on a legitimate news outlet for the truth.
@realDonaldTrump Subpoenas issued to  GRAND JURY for those meeting with @DonaldJTrumpJr . Drip drip will become a TIDLEWAVE.
@realDonaldTrump did you actually READ the article you posted?  It blames YOU for the hikes..
WE NEED COMPETITION: That is just good business!
What competition we'll have if manufacturing is almost none existent in USA? Good try though!
You are perpetuating racism indirectly
Majorities across parties say GOP/President Trump are responsible for any #ACA problems going forward
That's because Trump & repubs are sabotaging it and there is no certainty on anything.
Oh dear, dear Donnie. How befuddled you are! I wish I could explain it to you, but...you know, it's like too bigly hard for you to get.
You know the article blames it on Trumpcare, don't you? Next time, read the article before you retweet.
Your strategic misrepresentation is a Lie ..just like your suck face pres.
.@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews If we had single payer we could remove insurance companies from the equation.
It's a shame we have so many stupid back stabbing rep in our congress, I hope American ppl stand up again & vote them out, stand w/Trump
Of course they are.  Doesn't mean they will get them if Congress is in place for Americans and not for corporations, the top 1% & corps only
Quick make Congress and staffers have to use same Obamacare as the rest of the nation!!!
That because you said you aren't going to fund the ACA and your going to let it implode, you destabilized the market
That's what happens when our senate puts their tails between their legs and RINOS sabatog progress. I am so disgusted!
they won't stay low, and free will no longer be free and those using their plans to seek more drugs will be given the boot!
MORE IMPORTANT FIRE ALL SENATE-CONGRESS MEMBERS REPLACE WITH TRUE AMERICANS THEY WON'T EXPOSE THE CORRUPTION BECAUSE THEY ALLOWED IT!
You do know that this article blames YOU for the rises in healthcare costs right?  And I couldn't agree more! #Resign
You forgot to mention that Trump and the Republican Party have been actively sabotaging the ACA. This is on THEM
#IMPOTUS #impeach and #replace
Stop watching Fake News!
If GOP would stop sabotaging and POTUS would stop his threats ACA would not "explode". They have caused instability in the market.
Pls use your executive power to take away special privileges for all senators .
OBAMACARE for everyone !!!
Obama himself said there needed to be adjustments. The GOP can't get their crap together to find a better alternative. People want HC.
Fix it, be the solutiin, not the problem.
Not good for the American people. Open your eyes.
we tried to tell you but no.youed rather people have obamacare then food.
obamacare is a sinking ship. Built by morons.
That's the problem.. insurers and their greed.. like trump and the like.  #singleoayer
I admire your propaganda machine. Keep telling us that 2+2=5.
Well if you'd do your job and stop sabotaging the ACA premiums would be much lower. Stop thinking of your ego and think about the citizens
Done that worthless government always getting free handouts and the people get screwed freebies for all senators and Congress
ObamaCare needs fixed & improved, but much of the 2017 issues are due to things done by Trump & White House to sabotage to force repeal!
Because? Greed.
How many people on here have to actually buy this crap insurance
He has to take the time to Push the FACT,, They were gonna do it BEFORE President said anything about Restricting taxpayer Handouts 2 them
the article concluded by suggesting the president was at fault for the premium hikes. tRump is encouraging its failure and causing spikes
Go back to bed @realDonaldTrump stop watching television! That's part of your problem! No enough sleep is making your craziness worse! 
Bull
NO. Take away ins subsidies and ALL perks from congress and their staffs. They should have to follow all the B S they stick us with
Surely not! Obamacare is so great. Told from day 1 how great it would be - less expensive, keep your doctor. What lies & now what? REPEAL
Without authorized subsidies ... a budget item, these hikes R inevitable. That isn't ACA fault, it is Trump failed responsible leadership.

And even BIGGER hikes for GOP “plan”! Forget to tell that part @foxandfriends?
Like Trump said we will just let it implode on its self
So, the GOP plan to undermine Obamacare is working.
Dems and supporting RINOs want the middle class to pay for health insurance for 20+ million illegals and others bleeding the welfare system
Or do want a premium hike so you can say I told you so
But Trump can fix this with his $12 a year health insurance plan.
#FAKEFOXNEWS  Insurers HAVE to raise premiums because @realDonaldTrump is making twitter threats to withhold subsidies. #SadOrSickGuy
Perhaps because @POTUS  threatens not to pay the CRS... essentially sabotaging, and hurt the base that got him in office
Why? Because DJT destabilized market. Luckily, a key part of Obamacare says unnecessary hikes need to be repaid to users. Thank you, ACA!!
That's right!  And it's all on YOU because of your threats to withhold payments to insurers!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews President Trump, Our Congress is working on bi-partisan solutions in spite of you. Weak.
Shameful!
Screw the insurance companies.  Let's take Rand Paul's suggestion to invoke an EO to allow co-op group plan coverage nationwide.

Tell them no. Participate or replace them. Go over their books.
SCREW THE AMERICAN  GOVERMENT  MUST INCREASE THIER TAXES BY DOUBLE WHAT THEY SCREW THE PEOPLE OUT OF
My health insurance through the healthcare exchange is horrible need hand surgery can't afford it
SINGLE PAYER IS THE ONLY REAL SOLUTION! Insurance companies are all about profit not healthcare!
So people got there cheap rates for a few years , now they pay. Obama doubled the debt, everyone clapped until the credit card bill came
Let them fail.  They tried to backstab American people & now crying because it didn't work?! -- Let them go, & other co.'s rise up then.
Because @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about the health of Americans and the future is uncertain for these companies. Let's keep it real
Attack The Evil Communist Venezuela
These are the people that pushed your fake #SethRich story. Why would we believe you on anything else? You lie constantly. #ConsummateLiar
It looks like they actually got something right in this article though.
Da really
Hey Donald. Did you read the article. It blames you for the increases. #YourPresidentIsAMoron #VeteransAgainstTrump #TrumpCare
It is not Obamacare that is the problem but the insurance companies.  They make money by stealing yours. Medical Industry rips off consumers
Shud be denied
ALL because of @realDonaldTrump. He's threatening to withhold their payments, so they have no choice. 
#TrumpCareFail
#TrumpRussia 
That's because they don't know if they're going to get the money the bill grants them to include poor people! Wake up, smell the roses!
Yes, because your Favorite president won't give them the subsidies they are entitled to under the law.  Everybody thank Trump for this!
Which is exactly why,
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/mcconnell-says-he-would-consider-continuing-insurer-payments/ …. Too bad Rubio killed Risk Corridors

Because some senators and the president want to blow it up instead of fixing it
Wait what is that I hear? Tap, tap tap...another nail in the coffin and the #DemocratParty owns it full stop!
...because you interfered & sowed discord
You and the @GOP own this problem, Donnie. Quit whining and fix it.
