you didn't do this. You realize that right?
Can you make a list of everything you be done so far?  Trying to keep track and I want to show my liberal son.
The number of jobs you're looking to beat: 9.2 million that Obama added during his tenure. Or the 21m Clinton added.
Great job president Trump
President Trump, you are a gentleman, a man of your word, USA is eternally grateful!
& obuma is scratching his head
part of a deal made last year
Hooray for the American controlled company Fiat Chrysler!
Hate to tell you.  Fiat is Italian.  Ciao.
He was being sarcastic.
These days I just do not know.  Sorry.
no probs :)
Sorry.  I am just tired of the Trump idiocy.
He is "Making Idiocy Great Again"!
Do you HONESTLY think we're stupid enough to think this is because of YOU? Like businesses make decisions bc of YOU?!?!
YOU BLEW IT
Save yourself the Neverending Embarrassment & resign NOW.
Otherwise we'll THROW THE BOOK AT YOU. #NeverTrump🛇
HOW TO Make Russia PAY?
DISQUALIFY TRUMP now!
He's unfit & unworthy 
Trump USA=Living Hell #Resistance #NeverMyPresident
he is a real dumb orange man
so very proud you are helping to restore our America!! I set an alarm for every day to stop and pray for you!
yes thank you for believing in America!!
You have nothing to do with it
Despite all the embarrassing spelling errors, Donald's tweets are doing their part to untie the country.
unite or untie? Spelling error or intentional!
. Go Donald go !
.@realDonaldTrump There's our guy! So glad you're feeling better and taking credit for a corporation's decision before you take office.
.@realDonaldTrump So proud my honey chose to get me a @Ford for Christmas!(Notice our Trump sign still stands)
#MAGA  #AmericaFirst
Are you attributing this to your efforts and proposed policies?
it is!! He's making America Great Again!!He's gonna be an awesome leader of our country
keep up the good work your doing great
Donald, please shut up.
Great Job Prez!

Chrysler(FCHA.MI)it will INVEST $1BILL to RETOOL & MODERNIZE 2plants in USAinvestment will CREATE 2K+PRODUCTION JOBS
http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN14S0WL?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=Social … 
Moving plant from Mexico > USA
Fiat Chrysler commits $1bn to US plants Under the plan it'll also MOVE the PRODUCTION of RAM pickup FROM Mexico 2USA
http://google.com/amp/www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/38550492?client=ms-android-verizon … 
Ford rep says decision was made long before Trump!
How embarrassing for you. 
Cant get anything right.
Obama Wins Again!

Hitler
President Cry Baby Hitler. Yes. Sounds about right.
Hillary ass sniffer
We made a good choice by electing you Mr. Trump. May the God of heaven and earth be with you - God speed!
had nothing to do with you! Go check you inflated ego!
P  E  N  I  S
thank u ford an fiat keep up the good work Mr president elect,11 more days till real change
700 jobs and a smaller investment. Bad deal. I expected more from a braggart of your caliber.
the Obama Administration allowed Chrysler and Takata to buy out the government so they can pay less to Consumers
great! Now let's not build that multi billion dollar wall. Nobody but you wants it and it's a disgusting waste of money
thought u ought to know this happened last time pres bush did not listen to intelligence briefings
LMFAO UR KDDING
thank you almighty and powerful, infallible Savior Donald Jesus tRump. The world will be saved by the USA messiah.
good thing u clarified all media is fake... especially yours. Keep tweeting, faker!
if my tires fall off my new Ford raptor in 2018 cause of some back country Trump dope built it I'll be living in your tower
thank you Mr President elect for bringing back jobs and hope back to this country! America will be forever grateful!
you can thanks president @BarackObama for saving the auto industry.
Don't you mean thank the tax payer, Obama used $0 of his money to bail them out.
first, Obama pays taxes too, second, it was his call. Others wouldn't have made the decision.
he gave away OUR money. No major accomplishment.
ignorance is bliss
sounds like you're speaking from experience.
no major accomplishments, eh?
trump supporters don't like facts or intellectuals to be honest 



Get to a Mental Health specialist ASAP! You are not well, and we are frightened! #Psycho4PEOTUS
no therapy or medicine can fix his Mental Cancer. He's a walking tumor!
I agree wholeheartedly!
@CathyCooke18 I urge you to not stop, do not give up and keep up the #Resistance. We Australians are WITH YOU! #UnitedWeStand
I'm a proud Canadian. Interested in politics & concerned about the disaster that will happen in USA on 1/20/17
ladies & gentlemen, I present to you: Our president-elect
Call D.C. Now! Demand a mental health Eval for Trump!
Paul Ryan (202)225-0600
I didn't defraud college students and the laugh about it when I payed  25 million settlement and not apologize
Lol ..... you can't read or conduct google searches.. You sound crazy saying that.
Thanks to you Macy's is cutting thousands of jobs and closing stores after you asked for a boycott of them! #DontheCon
that's crap brick and mortar stores closing everywhere. Kohl's looks to start closing a as well. KMart?
No kidding but you have to take credit for the good and the bad as it works both ways.
so other then repealing the disaster of Obamacare how can Trunp keep retail like he has car industry
Wow! That's the point. He had nothing to do with anything in the car industry but took credit for it anyway!
yeah okay. Trust me car companies don't want to pay extra when NAFTA dies and know
going to kill regulations that has killed industry in US! Trump putting us on even ground again
if  the US is placing  tariffs on everything  it imports wow all things will cost so much more
#TrumpLovesGoldenShowers
This move by FORD is the result of Union efforts over many many months.  It has NOTHING to do with u. NOTHING
So impressive...NOT
would you take your President salary and donate it to our U. S. Hungry children PLEASE.
they also announced YOU had nothing to do with that decision. Stop trying to take credit where NONE is due
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
so donald come to Australia to meet Abbott
The sun rose today. Are you going to take credit for that also?
you had nothing to do with this
This deal was in works way before you claimed you caused it so such a liar!!!
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
yes thanks to the United Auto Workers Union. Pres Obama created an environment for this to take place.
..This in itself is a conflict of Republican belief. I stand behind you, but believe it should be reconsidered. #MuslimBan
and when do you plan to close your plants in China making your clothes ??? Still waiting.
They announced this 16 months ago. It was an agreement with UAW. A labor union. Don't try to get credit.
give us a hug diva
Wait...who saved the auto industry, exactly? It was a president, yes, but I think his name started with OBAMA!
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
Deals OBAMA has made in Auto industry don't happen http://overnight.You  act like your the man.Yea man lies& steals glory
We still winning #PutinsLapDog? http://thehill.com/latino/338586-ford-to-move-production-of-focus-from-mexico-to-china …  #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #Traitor
so disappointed you have surrounded yourself with the swamp. Get a staff that will tell you the truth.
All the branches fell off your family tree when you were born
Now they're building in China! Thanks for Making China Great Again! #MCGA
so when are you bringing ALL of your bankruptable goods and services to this side of the wall we have to pay for?
Facebook Kills Pro-Trump Account In Free Speech Crackdown http://www.infowars.com/facebook-kills-beloved-pro-trump-account-in-latest-free-speech-crackdown/ … via @realalexjones
We will see if they actually do it or it's just lip service
O, thank you so much, Hair Furher.  Which company will build your clown car?
Pants on Fire. Pants on Fire. Pants on Fire. Pants on Fire. Pants on Fire. Pants on Fire. Pants on Fire. Pants on Fire.
Yes thank you Mr Obama!
let me guess, u think this is ALL thanks to the god all night himself #DonTheCon right? smh ur arrogance is pathetic
Супер оборудовани 

https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-most-fashionable-multi-function-projection-key/x/15867753#/ …

The most fashionable Multi-function Projection key
http://indiegogo.com 
OBAMA
Approve 55
Disapprove 39
NET +16

TRUMP
Approve 37
Disapprove 51
NET -14  LOSER
I don't care, diva go to hell,  who cares,! Be strong, be determined, be unstoppable Americans'; support success in DC!
if we don't speak to industries they think we don't care & they leave We have 2 reach out & Convince them they R needed

thank you Mr President Elect!

You are ridiculous.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.

I would like you to go abandon or revise the North American Free Trade Agreement.
fake news right hear!!!!!
Sessions.  denied  federal judgeship  1986 after  Senate Judiciary Committee heard testimony that he made racist remarks
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
.
Ford Mexican plant was to build cars it sells mainly in Mexico. Plans to expand Michigan plants were unrelated. LIAR!
Hey Trumpie
So what about the pic with Ronald Reagan? U r sadly in need of attention and drama. U need a pat on ur back for every move
This wasn't your deal in the first place u con artist.
worst cabinet worst choice on people you doing right for putin love him
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
No credit to you - you did nothing.  You need adoration so badly; glad to see there are others who don't give it to you.

Trump is not really beating his chest just trying to inform America before the media spins it
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
good thing Ford Fiat decided that on 2015
you had nothing to do with that.  It's been in place since 2015, but sure, keep thinking you did something.
shady business just like you!
Yes thank you Mr.President elect Trump.
Made in America will be nice!
That was the plan before they heard of you
Trump Bragged About Saving a Ford Factory That Was Never Closing
NOTHING TO DO WITH YYOU FAKER!
Trump is taking credit for an accomplishment by Fiat that was made  possible under President Obama guidance and leadership
@FordMX Mi primer auto lo iba a adquirir con uds, lamentablemente así como no apoyan a México, no los apoyaremos tampoco.
PEOPLE. Dont listen to idiots. I KNOW FIRST HAND that these decisions were largely because of Trumps policies!!!
THIS decision had absolutely nothing to do with you
And thanks to President Obama!
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
that's awesome. Perhaps some of the money coming into Michigan could assist in the Flint water problem?
Again thank you President Obama for saving our auto industry.
FORD CEO states they were opening that Plant before you even announced it.  Way to take credit low-life
Pres. Trump, you must procecute Clinton! 300 pages from the FBI? You have to Act.
Maybe afeter yhe cleans the pee off @realDonaldTrump will be better suited to prosicute anyone
Interesting a @realDonaldTrump who cares about spelling. Might I ask what you are referencing?
look at your Jan 10 post and you tell me. Also, the educated care about spelling.
So you classify @realDonaldTrump fans as "the educated"  Interesting position Bless your heart
Fake news.
Slow down!!! We are getting tired of winning... NOT!!! STEP IT UP!!!!!
10,000 jobs Donald Trump doesn't care about at all http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-retail-jobs_us_58751307e4b099cdb0ffa13d?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol  #Trump #TweeterInChief
Great work Mr. President Elect.
BLACK BARBARA, HEEEYYY MR PRESIDENT!!!! HAD TO SAY A LITTLE SOMETHING, SOMETHING BABY, COULDN'T HOLD MY PEACE ANY LONGER!!!
they said you had nothing to do w/ it. You're desperately taking credit for everyone's work b/c you know you're incapable
Muy bien!!!
zacktheripr
you had nothing to do with it.  Illegitimate president, trump!
Yep, going to China instead; is that better than Mexico???????? Making China Great Again!
#MCGA
Thank you Barack!
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
i think i will buy a ford this time!
careful what you take credit for. Ford is still expanding in Mexico and US existing plants, but due to market trends.
so when are you going to make ties in the US?
thank you to the UAW that negotiated this over a year ago as part of their new contract.
Your IQ has to be like 75-ish
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
anyway those cars are shit...
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
More black middle class family suffer in last 8 years of Obama presidency then any other president !!!
did you make this happen? I just want to know who deserves credit.  Very good business, it's great.
not your win. Stop your narcissistic ways. I'm guessing this has been in the works 4sometime
Thank you Mr president for not receiving the Sassou Nguesso just yesterday in put in jail Mr Okombi Salisa on opponent is life is in danger
Ford is a higher bisneess man in USA
"On Tuesday, Ford announced it will shift its Michigan production of the Focus to China. "  GOOD job russian piss drinker.
you're kidding...correct?
Korea,Russia scares the hell outa me. You have fooled a whole country just like Hitler did.
My family of Detroit MI all PO, Pastors and/or Lawyers are 100% divided and Negative due to the EX outrankings!
if Ford stayed in Mexico, they would need a redesign to enable wall jumping back to USA
Hey Trumpy did your friend Putey pretend you were friends and then throw you under the bus.
love ya Donald Trump you are a awseome president, we need more strong guys like you
Palisades, Indian Pt 1 & 2, Clinton, nuclear power plants run out of business.  1000's of jobs lost.
