We don't want to promote more racism and hate.
Rude of you to deface a founding father painting like that! Acting like Children once again. Shame on you!
And we all know this is a cover up on the slavery issue crap what bout a blck man that was a slave owner and sold slaves
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson?...
And once again POTUS is right again
what do *you* learn from glorifying traitors, Mr. President?

Can't learn from it by ignoring its atrocities. Slavery & Confederates that fought to maintain it should not be revered
Waw Mr President I love u from my hrt!!!
Couldn't agree MORE!!!!
I feel like your a online president
Call me ignorant, but I thought Lincoln, said the war was over taxes.  It was just mentioned to a group of workers, that it was over taxes.
With all do respect sir u were raised in a kkk family your dad was arrested in a kkk rally in 1927 in queens NY! Your fucking racist too !!!
people claim they know what they are fighting for: take a history lesson before you react!
Or  the 13th amendment says we won't be slaves except by crimeThat's fake and needs to be better terms we were never free to begin with
A
President Trump , don't know how you do it dealing with all the snakes out there. Please be careful. You need some Trump train people with u
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President I have a idea that would guarantee reelection it will only take minutes to explain please let me help you
General Lee made the request to never erect monuments of him. He encouraged all to embrace the USA and leave the Confederacy in the past.
If it's about history, where are the monuments to the slaves, the abolishonists, the Southerners who fought against the Confederacy???
Please Mr. President stop them from taking the history from our Country and our Children and Grandchildren", Stop them from Removing
I may add none of us were alive in the time Lincoln was running and I do believe in my  that he was. The best
you're comparing 2 leaders of the treasonous secession to 2 of the founding fathers. You don't get it do you Who's foolish?
Before you know it they will want to destroy Mount Rushmore because there are former slave owners.
Yeah they already dissed Columbus statute in baltimore
End this political correctness, tell people NO NOW.  Enforce NO if rights of both views are not allowed. Country first NOW!
And a racist
The good news is: there will never be a monument of you to break down.
Who's next? The KKK.
Your not that important, and when they doa Clip of U ,U say Fake news!Really ur obsession of Media,President OBAMA, Hilary really got2stop
Their work to let the World, keeps Us informed,So for you to continue to attack them for that ,Your so fucken petty! It's not all about You
The media if I can call u sir reports on things that happen around the world ,may it be a home game to the travesty in Texas and Lou, it's
Is it just me, or does this tweet make his Andrew Jackson obsession seem kinda funny?
34%
And Thanks for coming, Where do u want them to be FUCKEN Loser they don't have anywhere to go Oh my God RU really that fucken cold?We don't
Your next
YOU
Saw your statue in NY. Sad!
Valerian the Clinton's already did that
Thats a Slippery Slope fallacy.
When my dad was still a kitten, he told me that Iraq tore down statues of Sadam. Are you saying that was a mistake?

Oh my gosh. Focus people!  Go shop for supplies for hurricane victims. Positive. Today. Future.

First YOU must understand it,only then can you learn from it!You don't seem to grasp the lesson,you need empathy to do that
Those who don't want to learn from and acknowledge history are welcome to repeat it. Chain Gang on the wall for Vandalizing Federal property
Maybe we will hit the jackpot and it will be your impeachment!!
You never read any history did you Mr. Trump?
I actually agree with you...history, good or bad, is still history!
What change
moron: lee and jackson were terrorists who tried to crush america
No just the traitors you can relate.
The president is absolutely right. It is a part of our culture The Good the Bad the Ugly. But we learn to move forward in peace.
Racism does it come from a statute it comes from the dirt of the heart. And liberals are the worst racist this nation has ever seen.
Just a different time and Air does it mean that they wouldn't have went to war. It's stupid removing Robert E Lee does not remove racism
Yes, history is there to learn from it, so you "don't try to re-invent the wheel."

No you are..From what I read!!
They are looser you don't like looser remember F the south the Confederate flag and what thy stand for
The grateful thing here is that there will NEVER be a statue of YOU in our country
Seen any statues of hitler in Germany ???....NO!!! Knobber
You don't teach history with clay figurines,

1/x
Those who fought for the Confederacy were traitors.
I say keep them up, except change the inscriptions 2 state that they were also slave owners. Also in the history books!
I voted for you & I truly believe you're the best thing for our Country. Thank you Mr. President.
Please read some history! Monuments  weren't build in civil war time! Were built to defy segregation laws over the years! Not heroes! @
"Citizens standing up for equality & freedom can never be equated with white supremacists, neo-Nazis & the KKK." - Trump advisor #GaryCohn
Do you really know who those people are or did Kelly Anne tell you to say that?
How very true. That is a reason why we learned things best solved through talking & voting in OUR country. THANK U PRES. TRUMP, Let's United
We got your back Mr President. ... much love MAGA
一个雕塑居然也弄出这么个大问题！这是个文物，也是一个见证，过去的事永远不会改变。你应当这么直接跟民众坦白说，“我的嘴巴就是一个天枰，无论哪一头变重这个国家都会有分裂的危险！"然后提出一些解决方案，例如投票或找代表谈谈...只要觉得合适，同时你也可以做一些想做又不能做的事，慎重点！
You need to learn the history in order to learn FROM it. You obviously never did.
@WhiteHouse
Good morning 
I feel if all Confederates statues are being taken down.  Then all of history's statues come down!
Mr. President sir, you can stop This, it is within your power.
Stop them!!! That's why we elected you! Stop theae communist!!
I heard you want to erect some statutes to Goebels, Himmiler,  Von Ribbentrop and other German war Heroes? More beauty for us..
You were right about who's next. They are targeting Columbus in NYC! Are we going to Rename Columbia University and Wash. D.C. as well?
Robert E Lee stated to not be buried in his CSA uniform because he was so ashamed. Jackson was shot by his own team. Learn history
If there were no slave owners there were no slaves so the blacks who use the race card for being lazy had nobody to blame
#dividedwefall
Should be taking down some of the MLK and so on statues instead of real heros
What's next ? When their"offended by some author  Will have to burn the books?
And you can stop it...Stop in for We the People now....
Plenty of monuments to the civil war.....all the black people in this country.
Nancy Pelosi needs to be put in a home for the insane.  She has lost all reasoning.
Please don't put her in there! Her elevator don't go to the top floor, NUTZ!!That's zackley why we NEED her to get the President reelected!
Did you ever study American history? Who in their right mind would make such a comparison
The fact you are president is the ultimate foolishness the u.s has shown the world.
#illegitimate #SoCalledPresident #RacistInChief
They were slave owner we know you don't care and that s history you can't change
Can't you stop the destruction of these historical monuments ?
They were TRAITORS to the USA! Do you support TRAITORS ?
What if land were available along the D.C., Virginia state line? Enough to accommodate all offensive monuments in such a way to offer choice
I hope it's you!
Mr. President, I don't have a big yard, yet happy to share with any Founding Fathers or President. statues 
Don't wanna look at it fool
We need to put up a statue of George Jefferson. Moving on up to the east side
Those generals fought AGAINST the UNITED STATES that you claim to be the leader of. Are you capable of understanding that Or just too stupid
Taking down statues of racists. What's next, saying racism is bad? Not being racist?
Garrison Keillor  has it .maybe a statue to  george  the third  ? pompous and divorced several times - from reality as well
You are next
Is this true? NY is considering removing a Christopher Columbus statue?
Wait till us Italian/Sicilians get hold of deBlasio...madonn...testa minchia!
This statue under attach too & most all of this do to brain washing by media & liberal professors. Dem leaders have not spoken out against
Obama is the worst in history
I have found a defense that proves slavery wasn't about racism.  I know how to stop racial tension in America! Plz respond!
The next statue is Abraham Lincoln and will be replaced in position by Donald Trump
Washington, Jackson and Lee picked their sides. Go take a civics class.
Your right it is foolish!Keep up the Great work President Trump Doing a Great Job


No Robert Lee of ESPN!
Simple test: Does the memorial/ statue honor one who promoted freedom & liberty for all? If not, they are not worthy & do not deserve honor
Lee was a fabulous leader respected by his men, although he s the reason for losing Gettysburg.  Jackson was a racist and insane leader
How about trying to understand both sides. That is what good leaders do. You are pathetic
I realize history isn't really your thing, but removing a statue won't change it.
REAL American Patriots DO NOT honor TRAITORS! Had they won this great nation would not EXIST!  Can your 5-year-old mind understand that!?
Those that know history know how idiotic your statement is! Since when do  Patriotic people honor people that fought AGAINST us? Traitors!
The first 2 were traitors...but u don't know the difference...
Soooo correct me if I'm wrong. Thought you liked winners. Now you're a BIGLY lost cause advocate. SAD #NotMyPresident #ConfederateStatues
Agreed and it is BLOODY STUPID !!!
What sissy crys about losing participation awards for racists? Trump is no leader. #fakepresident
The only history I hope we change is the one about Donald J. Trump!
Mr President Trump, I want you bring Bannon back.  America great again.
I think Trump, like most of his voters and supporters, missed the day in elementary school that focused on the concept of nuance.
History is taught in schools, at least white history is and no one needs statues of evil people to remind them.
https://twitter.com/lionelverney/status/898761323571363840 …
No, Donald Trump
In case you forgot:  Washington & Jefferson fought a war to create this country. Lee and Jackson fought a war to destroy it. Got it?
#Assclown yet you are ok with removing monument status for places like bears ears. #FuckTrump #Hypocrite
Hopefully you. The whitehouse is no place for old dirty perverted rasists #DOWNW/TRUMP
You are so clueless. Imagine what it's like to look at faces who killed your people or who are responsible for the hurting your culture
That's the point behind moving monuments to past mistakes and injustices to more appropriate locations.
We are trying to be respectful to those who were negatively impacted by our not-so-squeaky clean past.
Educate yourself.
You know, you're right! You are so foolish
I was about to say some vaguely Confederate-looking subway tiles in NYC and a university mascot, but now Robert Lee of ESPN. Amazing.
Did you just say Washington and Lee are equals? Are all generals equal? Guess we should have statues for General Arnold............
Ok
You don't know what u are talking about. You are so-o-o not my President.
Do you think we should build a memorial for the Kamikaze pilots at Pearl Harbor? They also attacked America. #ConfederateStatues
Who is foolish?
Sir Germany still hasn't destroyed concentration camps which as you stated Germany's future citizens learn from, PERIOD!!
I don't see any Donnie statues...maybe in NK?
It was civil war. Statues bring history to life. Not about hero but about the main players. You benifit when you know your past.
You can't change history and what has happened in the past. You can change what will.
coulumbus statue they want down now ! Sick !
You are hahaha!! See ya Orange don!!
I don't know whether to laugh or cry when you tweet... or speak.
And from Donald Trump we learn how to lie and believe your own lies. #TrumpLies
Washington and Jefferson created this country. Robert E Lee and Jackson fought to tear it apart
I want to know when Charlottesville will tear down #1 tourist attraction Monticello. Their hypocritical moral outrage won't trump money!!!
@KellyAuCoin77 @maddow Never forget, however you have ! An absolute disgrace ! #TrumpResign #TrumpLeaks #trumpisachump
Swamp dwellers joining forces w/ sewer dwellers to stack " deplorables" hmmm
