
This reminds me of when the American Bald Eagle attacked the orange, malignant narcissist.  Animals truly are smart!!!

I love how you think that your polling is underwater is great.
Now you lifting a ban so your sons can kill elephants? Shameful!
Trump is my president.
America is already great, dicklips!
So you are happy that the most GOP-slanted positive poll shows that a majority of Americans don't support you?
Oh god it's bullshit the only way to make America safe and great again is to GET THOSE DOTARDS, EVERY LAST ONE OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE!!
Less than half!  #WINNING
Only the truly stupid would tout a poll in which over half those polled don’t support him. Learn math, Trump.
@Rasmussen_Poll isn't accurate anyway but it is hilarious you think this is good. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rasmussen_Reports#Criticism …
Rasmussen is also horseshit.
Sad, sad man!
Hard to believe the polls, I truly believe the approval rating is higher!
Thank you & your family for saving America! God Bless You! 
Cognitive dissonance
Actually your approval rating is 37
Actually we think it's 60+
60 plus disapprove and that includes world.
Miss Leavitt,he is the President of our United States..not the World. Supporters of the President have never paid much attention to polls
The best 'thank you' you could offer is your resignation.
Poor baby, Billary will rise again for jail.
SUCH A BIG BIG BIG BOY! SO PROUD OF YOU!
when you get home we're gonna take you out and get you some ICE CREAM!
But I'm sure first you'll need a nappy poo. You're probably all tuckered out from this BIG BOY trip!
youre weird
you're normal!
SUCH A BIG BIG GIRL! SO PROUD OF YOU!
oh, I wasn't posting stats about myself to try and elicit praise- but thank you!
all you do is post random comments on trump's tweets to elicit praise. Get out of here with your bs
America was great until the day you became President
And can some times we can't even pay our bill more less food
You will hold onto any report even those that aren't accurate just to prove a false narrative
Love your orange ass.
Propaganda doesn't work anymore, you dinosaur. Give up. You are finished. You have turned your back on America.
Woooo! We're getting close to 50%! #MAGA #winning  you're f.....g pathetic
You think this is a good number? Math is hard!
Don't pay attention to the seagull media. They see food, fly in and squawk, then fly off waiting for the next morsel.
FAKE
RASSMUSSEN?! No one with two brain cells to rub together believes that inbred bias! Guess that's why you do
Dear Mr.Trump every high school and college student knows 48% is an epic failure! Perhaps a refresher course or two would be helpful..
48% approval? Keep on dreaming it's actually 38% approval
Gallup poll Most recent weekly average38% May 15-21, 2017
Rasmussen Reports, the most biased polling service in America, and you're even under 50% with them.  Sad!
It has been in steady decline since January.
Nope- 42-44%.  Guess that's still less than half the country, right?
F**king AMAZING. Really can't read. Rasmussen Report on that date had him at 46% approval. But at 53% DISAPPROVAL. He left out BIGGER # WHY?
Make America safe?  You want to defund the National Institute of Health!
You trolls are really so pathetic. You're just bringing evil into all your own lives with your evil mouths.
YOU are making it happen.
Then You President Trump- America loves you!!
#Trump, on May 25th, you pathetically brag about your 48% Conservative Approval Rating & the SAME @Rasmussen_Poll on May 30th drops to 44% 
Only out of sheer desperation and ignorance would anyone approve of you. I forgot and bigots and hypocrites.  Get out of our white house!!
As a veteran I salute you.
Is 48% good enough?
Please stop talking. America's median IQ drops to single digits when you open your mouth. #WereScrewed
You know this means 52% disapproval, right?
so much winning with fake numbers
America will never be great, and not safe until 2020 elections are over bs you're out
Thank you for your constant efforts to put America first.
You are my favorite covfefe!
need to remember the pastor's admonishments and the  % will rise!
FAKE NEWS
You know that 48% is less than half, right?
Less than half the country approves of your current performance.
LOL@ THIS IS FAKE NEWS
It's gonna go higher! Much higer!
Lol...
OH ITS HIGHER THAN THAT - EVERYONE I KNOW LOVES U - WE R ONLY CONCERNED ABOUT THIS REFUGEE INCREASE (TRUE?) DONT DO IT - WE'LL GIVE UP ON U
I love that somehow a 48% is worth celebrating.

It's more like 72%
You are proud of that number?
Just thought you would like a reminder that 48 people's went to prison for lying for Nixon. Your Administration may surpass that..
Lol....more fake news Donald?
You cherry-picked the poll with your best results, and it still says that you're getting an F.
You do realize that this means the majority of the country either doesn't approve or doesn't care?
You are too funny.  Seriously.  Resign, Donald.
Damn fake media!!! Look at that big lie!!! 48???? More like 28
The 'real' number is 36%!! Naughty, naughty Donnie,u know the Rasmussen leans Conservative/Republican, they lie, "exaggerate" just like u!
You still don't have, never had, and never will have a majority. Face it: America hates you and always will.
When your president and his sheep do more damage to the country than terrorism and outside influences
We the people love you Mr. President! We are behind you 100%!
WRONG!!!!  It was 44% when you got back from your trip!!!
LOL You are bragging that less than half of America approves of you. What a joke. The number is actually 43% by the way.
You fool - you are making the world more dangerous for all of us.
You do know that is a low number, right?
>when you've done so bad 48% approval on a conservative poll seems like a good thing.
So, that's 48% of conservatives.  Still losing.
FOX 40%, Gallup 35%  Your approval ratings are in Gallup's words "Unusually low". You may think U R doing great but majority of us do not
That's OK 52 percent are #Loosers
Dream on Donnie
Please Mr Trump. Stop embarrassing our already GREAT country. 
Your bringing our county to our knees!!!
Are you awake from the G7 meetings yet
You've been OUT of the country for a week and people approve. 
One poll-delusional!
Great job! Stop the manipulation of the markets! Return to free-market system!federal reserve bank of New York, exchange stabilization fund.
Sorry to say - you are a BIG joke!
I love your Presidency Mr. Trump my approval continues 100%. #jadeinjaxReports
After reading these comments I need to inject myself with a drug that makes me forget the last 10 minutes.
Try some unicorn milk or pixie dust
You are bloodless, you are bad, you are a terrorist, you are a terrorist abd.
(kansızsın,namertsin zalimsin, terörist abd.)
 you do realize that is not a good number?! Obama left office at 65%
Damn your under half,  and u also lost the popular vote
That's simply not true you are the fake news
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …
Liar
Well that is #FAKENEWS!  The trip was an embarrassment to Americans.
YOU'RE AT LESS THAN 30 BY NOW LOSER, EVEN YOUR BASE IS AGAINST YOU NOW, EMBARRASSMENT, TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT TO THE US!
Fake news!
Fake news
Psst, Mr. President that's 10% too high

Approval rating 48%...????!!!! RIGHT...... 
So...less than half of those polled approve of your leadership...and you boast about it? #lessthanhalf #notwinning
48% isn't something to brag about. Still failing miserably with most of the American people. And that's not fake news. #ImpeachTrump 
Even with this skewed number you're still under 50%.  I guess you have poor math skills in addition to your poor vocabulary skills.
Hola donald
Would not be proud of that No# and it is fake news. heard the real no# is 36%. SAD
And he trolled himself and made it look, to those who loved him for his blustery hair and his politically incorrect face, that he was heroic
#FakeNews your approval rating is 36%. somehow...
That's right Independents, Democrats, & some Republicans! Show your support for Drumpf's impeachment so the U.S. can be safe & great again!
The US needs more covfefe.
Fake news.
I know you will, that is way I only voted for you 
Safe by leaking classified intel to Duterte and Russia?
C'mon, Donald. Why are you bragging about 48% approval rating? Obama left at 63%.
You have made history. Lowest approval ratings of any President in recorded history. Must be so proud.
I support President Trump !!
Ooooh...are we really celebrating 48 percent?
Lmao! Lowest rating in th history of our country!
America never stopped being great. Will be greater when you are kicked out of office. Sooner the better.
You are proud of a 48% approval rating? Wow.
Liar.  Dump-trump you are a liar and perpetrator of FAKE NEWS.
Same people just reported that you've dropped another 5 points. Going to thank them again?
We love you... don't listen to their BULL!! You are doing great!!!
One huge sore loser LIAR! Your approval is under 35%
Left does not want great America.. They want everybody on food stamps.
From the Dept of Figures can Lie and Liars can Figure. a little perspective - @realDonaldTrump vs Obama 1st Term (source:Rasmussen)
you made that up Trump. Here's the real one
U r doing great trump they r just  jealous of u
Even if the number was real, it's still low. Ever get tired of running things into the ground? Need a small loan of a million supporters?
Love you President Trump!!!!!  Keep up the great work but take some breaks for yourself and your family.
You are delusional.....
Yeah, the most important thing going on here is your approval rating
There are a lot of us that work every day
America you @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS. Thank you for your hard work - tireless efforts on behalf of American people.
you mean America white again. Such a racist. SAD!!
How can the biggest threat to American greatness & safety make America great & safe? 
That's less than half of the US. Not to bad for a Manchurian Candidate. How many more leaks can your ship surviv before it sinks?
Dude, that a really low number, especially from the one source that's always 10 points higher than anyone else. How embarrassing for you.
#fakenews
You say that all polls are wrong, so this one must be wrong too!!! The poll that I saw had your approval rating at 37%!
The same polls that said trump was going to loose, lol
First, Your approval rating is at 38%. Second, even if you were at 48%, pls realize HALF the country HATES you.
Fifty-six percent (56%) disapprove.
#OurIdiotPresident #fraudhannity
NOW THIS IS FAKE NEWS. YOu finally got it right
LMAO 
and a majority of america thinks you are a dick ... yaaaaaay dick.
