Fool, what people?  I understand though, you have to get your pimp Putin’s message out there
Who are the people and also how little is your dick
15 women have accused Donald Trump of various forms of sexual assault including one accusation of rape http://to.pbs.org/2kE6Izh  via @NewsHour
Via Reddit. Wish more people would see this. @CornTater83_Pro
#douchebaggery
Mr. President, does it it keep you up at night to think about how history will remember you? To fail on such a grand scale must be haunting
when you refuse to come on their shows, how can they give you equal time? and you get plenty of air time on Fox news isnt that good enough
for you? and you said you preferred to get your news out through twitter, because you say it is not fake news that way, and with the way you
bash the News stations I cant say as i blame them for not having you on
Seeking to control free press? One more step toward dictatorship. #FreePress
More and more people are suggesting that certain Republicans (and you) should be given 10 to 20 or longer for colluding with Russia.
Drain the Swamp#MAGA
#BUILDTHEWALL #2018 only Cuze is safe!!
No, only you are saying that.
Equal time? LOL! You only have several, billionaire-funded, state media, propaganda operations, such as Fox News and Breitbart, running 24/7. You're just mad because 66% of Americans are not fool enough to fall for the lies.
The voices in your head are not real people. ...

Why is there a question mark on this? Why have you lived an entire adult life without ever experiencing love?
Equal time?  No one is discussed/reported on more than you are
How about Sat. Morning Cartoon shows?  That sounds like appropriate placement for GOP Show...
Why not schedule an appearance on MSNBC and set them right about their "fake news"? You're afraid to appear on cable TV except Faux News.

You know, if you want more TV time to further implicate yourself, go for it.
You are 45 of the United States of America not a movie star
@realDonaldTrump  You do realize majority switch channels to prevent hearing/seeing worst DOTARD ever. As China said, "Stop tweeting"
We dont need a leader who wastes $$ ego stroking, tax payer $$ wasting trips, rallies & BS press shows. Now u wont even have a lame TV Show!
#RESIGN
God, no! We can barely stand the sight of you. And that sleazy voice! Melania, we pity you. No money in the world is worth being with that.

.@marshellmathets YOU are what's wrong with America.  From your former fan...#maga https://www.pscp.tv/w/bK2DBjFtTUtQdkpiR09PRUd8MW1yeG1tQk5MZVF4efKg3zPAVnAtrvHPTHoabvA9BzuoASq59gsZ3zZhUyxF …
Get out of the media and work in silence, ever think about that?

#lazy #lazypresident #work #workout #dosomething #NotMyPresident
Time to start TNN (Trump News Network) with Sean, Lou, Jeanine, Jesse, O'Reilly, Tomi, Gutfeld & Sean's suggestions. You could do it GREAT.
Forking hypocrite
#FakeNews #MoronicTweets #RumorAndInnuendo You will have lots more coverage when impeachment begins
Yeah nice job this is almost a sentence
Wtf are you even talking about?  Lmao you just make up  2 cause problems you r Americas greatest embarrassment stop tweeting you boob, 
God speed trump!!
I agree you and the republicans have way too much time.  You are on so often that it is like watching a bad movie and its sequel
Isn’t that what Hannity, Limbaugh, Jones, Fox etc are for?
not one person has said that, other than U.  campaign is over thanks to the Russians, so there is NO equal time. U quit acting like a fool
The More Stupid, insensitive, racist comments YOU @realDonaldTrump make, the more you are on TV. so who could possibly be on TV MORE than U?
Whiny little bitch.
Stop appearing on the MSM networks.
They lie about everything you say and do.

Seriously WTF?  You are sadly one of the ONLY fucking things on the news.  You, the @GOP a-holes, racism, and violence.  Gimme more .
@CNN is colluding with the @DNC the case is there. #DonnaBrazile debate questions what they do and don't cover.  SHUT THEM DOWN #FAKENEWS
Riiight! msm=FakeNews!
It's Republicans and I 
The coverage is fair. You are Un American and deserve Nothing!
What the hell is one sided... your face & mouth are ALWAYS on tv. We hear first hand the stupid shit you say. And thats not  fake!!!
So glad she is our FLOTUS.

Yep. We sure are lucky to have such a dignified classy third lady.

Ha ha ha great point!!!!
More and more people are suggesting that Democrats should be given Equal Time on @FoxNews and #SinclairBroadcastingGroup stations when you look at the one-sided coverage? Some people are even suggesting that they start telling the truth about #TrumpRussia & #TrumpCrimeFamily
Let’s do that. Focus on facts with equal time given to #TrumpRussia #TrumpLies & the  #TrumpCrimeFamily   On fox and Sinclair stations.
@Realdonaldtrump, we’re really not trying 2 confuse U w/facts, but it’s just so easy. We live in the real world, not ur alternate reality.
I have an idea...it’s radical so stay with me Donnie. DO SOMETHING POSITIVE! Then you can get positive press!
Maybe try some like NOT taking protections for women, LGTBQ, and minority’s away.
Or maybe keep your promise to not touch Medicare Medicaid and social security. Hard to do when you want those tax breaks so bad.
Also maybe try not treating our national security and defense like it’s a reality show or a pissing contest?
If you need some assistance with all these suggestions, give @HillaryClinton a call! She’ll steer you in the right direction! #yourewelcome
Yeah, that's the problem: You don't get enough coverage. "Fake News" @CNN used to aim a camera at your empty rally podium in primetime.
When is this going to be over?!?
Never, we are in hell, or a horrible nightmare!
We are getting very close to the pee pee tape being made public. Must take Pence out too. That one really frightens me!
I'd need YEARS of therapy if I saw that!
oh come on, you know you wanna see it! 
No. Just no.
The fairness doctrine = gov can force you to produce content that the gov thinks is fair, honest, etc: Everyone becomes CNN. 
No. 
Hell No.
Do you even constitution? 
Amendment 1: Congress shall make NO LAW
Go read the rest of it. 
Then read it again.
HERE IS KILLERS MOTIVE! HE HATES REPUBLICANS! ITS HIM
He worked for NASA  HE'S wearing a Nasa shirt.

"Im bad to the bone"
GOP administration (Reagan) repealed Fairness Doctrine causing the dumbing down of America w rightwing talk radio and Fox News

Equal time would be good, but not if imposed by government.
Donald we don't want to go down this path of forced TV coverage.  it will end badly.
100% of Repukelicans are proving to be traitors just like Comrade Fuhrer Trump.
Please seek help.....
Supporting the first amendment = mental disorder? Is that what the echo chamber is telling you now?
Oh, you'll get "equal time."
"Look Dad, if I put out, we can get you a nicer cell"
God, you're a mess. Want to make America great again? Resign immediately. Meds & years of therapy won't help you now. Too far gone. Creepy.
When Weyoun tells you to pack it in, it’s time

if only @POTUS44 had vigorously endorsed breathing.

2many Dinosaurs inthis administration 
IguanaDonthecon
TRexTillerson
SpinosaurusSessions
SuchomimusRyan
Hadrosaurs-Duck-Billed Quacks 
Add
You for Sessions name wrong. It's Lackospinosaurussessions 
FOCUS
But emails
The lack of outrage over the use of private emails by #Trump closest advisors shows it was never about her emails!
Thank you for this beautifully positive inspirational message this Sunday morning. God bless you, God bless @POTUS and God bless America.
Your god is obviously Satan
Shut down the press briefings and throw a bunch of fake media out of the peoples house,Get all the air time you want in a few days!
You’re advocating gov’t suppression of the free press which is directly against the 1st amendment. No freedom without free press!
Founding fathers understood this & you should too. Any American advocating for suppression of press should be very ashamed of themselves!
It’s always one sided.  So so tired of it
You can pick the news source you want, although I hope you don’t want to hear only what you like, but it’s not for the gov’t to suppress.
Hold on , All the American people want the truth. On either side! they could say Trump walked on water and the headlines is TRUMP CAN`T SWIM
No, they really don’t. What happens when anyone (Shep) on Fox News speaks a word against Trump. Screams to fire him.
Oh i never watch Shep. I turn it on the weather channel .Going to listen to hot air might as well watch it too!
45 is a #MoronicDotard. Does that help?
If others gotten half your air time leading up to the election, you would NOT be POTUS.
So Sad but True, Media made him +Media will take him down #25thamendment #impeach
Maybe start w/ banning ALL #FakeNewsMedia etc. from your press coverages. When they ask baiting questions, would LOVE to see 'em kicked out!
That’s right! To hell with the first amendment! We don’t need freedom! As long as nobody points out anything bad about gov’t, we’ll be good.
Any American calling for government suppression of the free press should hang their head in shame!
There's a difference between "press" and lying. When the press lies to the public, it undermines the sincerity of a free and open society.
If you were speaking out against quality of press, fine. However, you’re advocating violation of the constitution & Anerican freedom.
There is NO freedom without a free press. That’s why the founding fathers didn’t include ‘unless you don’t like what they say’.
The founding fathers didn't count on bias coverage when the first amendment was passed.
The founding fathers knew they were guaranteeing the right of all types of speech. They were intelligent & worldly.
Trump’s attack on the free press here is an attempt to hide from his own crimes. He’s lying. AGAIN.
Your lies continue to pile up. You dominated media coverage during the election. #HarvardStudy 
You know what would really upset him; a one week moratorium on mentioning him on late night tv. Not one single word!
That would be really funny to trigger one of his tantrums that way!!
1) I’ve said repeatedly he’d lose it if the press blew off a presser or just ignored him for a bit. My mother, who is just like him, did…
2) when she was cut off and ignored. When all ignored her emails & ph calls, because all she wanted was attn, good or bad, she was furious…
3) because what she wanted most, was to rile us up, engage us in arguments & get reactions. She’d try to drop hints too that something big…
4) was about to happen in an attempt to keep us around anxiously waiting to find out what or more info. Cutting off attn was her downfall.
Look at whiny baby Trump LIE again about his media coverage:
Again, you lie. You bragged about all of your free media coverage and you received way more than Hillary. #HarvardStudy 
You know how a dog snarls with one side of his mouth? I noticed I do that every time I hear him speak or see his pic.
Actually he is also on a thing called TV and he is everywhere. He creates a lot of news mostly fake.
You can’t force free press to report HOW you want issues reported. #HarvardStudy proves you get most press time
Harvard Study: PARTISANSHIP, PROPAGANDA, & DISINFORMATION Online Media & the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/33759251/2017-08_electionReport_0.pdf?sequence=9 …
He wants to destroy the Constitution starting with the First Amendment. He thinks it will clear the way for him to declare himself dictator.

Twitter locked my account 7 times for posting factual views and opinions that the liberal fascist didn't agree with,
Stop censorship and stop being silenced by liberal fascist with one sided narrow views, your freedom of speech and expression is at stake
If my rights are being violated by speaking the truth, your Wil be next, the liberal fascist don't like people who don't agree with their wa
Liberal fascist are definitely violating our rights to freedom of speech and freedom of expression if they don't agree with our ways or view
The one sided liberal fascist has complained to twitter and Facebook about my diplomatic views about president trump and other issues, sosad
Whatever happened to freedom of speech and freedom of expression when I keep getting locked out, blocked for supporting my president trump
If you support our president donald trump or any other views that fascist liberal don't agree you get blocked, suspended or locked out
Media giants like Facebook and Twitter suspends, block, lock out your accounts if a liberal fascist complains against you for supporting
Beware everyone out there your first amendment rights are being violated by the liberal fascist narrow minded people, if you support views
Palin would have handled this bullshit
How old are you. Stop your wining and act like a adult. You are the President of the United States who I voted for. Now act like one.
Why not seize all TV, satellite, and radio stations and air what you want?
I think you're all getting too much time - so sick of hearing a out your weirdness
I don't think your minions count as people Donald
So where are those Republicans hiding?  MSM is looking to get their input on Corkers comments...
Where are they?
I'm sure that very few people want any of you, let alone more of you. I'm saddened that any of my fellow Americans voted for you! Shameful!
Hey, let's bring back the Fairness Doctrine! That'll make it all better.
You're literally all the news talks about, it's just negative cause you're actually bad at your job
Shut up!
Does that include your Kremlin propaganda on Facebook?
Facebook provided you a platform for your right wing base #FakeNews #HarvardStudy 
Here’s two sided coverage for you!
@EvelynMohring @realDonaldTrump The 32% stay on the 32nd floor.
A list of words that describe you is difficult to get through with limited hours in the day.
 #TrumpIsAMoron
I like dingbat and knuckledragger. Lol
What people, the russians? Give the REAL Defenders of the American people Equal Time on TV! We want TRUTH, not WH Fabricated reports!
UR photo op visit to Puerto Rico was a disgrace! Tossing paper towels to our suffering citizens truly showed the World U have no clue.
Only those who insist on supporting loser Hillary & sellout Bernie trust the media. The #TrumpTrain could care less what they have to say.
And that doesn't sound one bit paranoid!
What world DO u live in?  You already get about 95% of the coverage...
You get loads of media coverage @realDonaldTrump..... most of it negative...!!! But true
Singing to an audience of bots, my racist friend.
Nope Babykins we don't want to see more of you.
Who is suggesting that
You know what "fake news" I'm looking forward to? #impeachment
No one suggested that and no one wants that. That’s all.
Aren't there more important things for the President of the USA to be worried about than not getting enough face time on TV?

Remember the broadcasters think they have power to influence the way we think. Let's show them they don't have that power over us!
More and more people are suggesting that you resign.
Stop being so concerned about how you're being perceived and start making progress. Give liberals a reason to shut up
When Dems were in power they threatened to pull licenses of right wing radio and tv.
More and more people are also waking up to the fact that our President is a thin-skinned man-child that is working hard to destroy USA.  SAD
You aren't technically running for re-election at the moment.  Late night talk shows insulting you don't really fall under Equal Time.
Why would you want to go on Fake News?  You’re pathetic!
Liberal media extreme and divisive! Americans are wise to the MSM propaganda. ESPN, Disney have become displaced with the rest! Sick of it!
Guess us "lefties" should be given EQUAL time on Fox news #howboutthat
You don't have to you're better than them .
Who the hell is "more and more people"? 25% of your #GEDBound white trash supporters???#LiarInChief
No. This conservative will never support the government redistribution of ideas. Leave "it's not fair, let's redistribute" to Sen. Sanders.

Every damn one of them. Release the hounds in these #FakeNews fools already. We’ve had enough!!
You’ll get your “equal time” in a court of law very soon.
He’s tired. Should have seen crowd gathered outside WH serenading - hysterical

Did you see the post of all the people singing Toto’s Africa outside the WH?
No I didn’t but that’s awesome!
See if I can dig it up for you
Thank u
I was out racing all day...nice day on the water. What did I miss??
We want #EqualTime in the WH so something positive can be accomplished. Too much #whining and not enough #winning these past 9 months.
Then use your social media... Oh wait you do and you still can't make a point that actually sticks.
Your phantom people. Looks like more people are missing  their shifts at the day care center
You’re the president. You can request TV time. Wtf? Besides you’re way too busy golfing.
Really. More people like ur children. 

Who is suggesting that?  This is fake news...
It have always been that way before the hysteria and panic produced by TRUMP's victory.they're delusional and obsessed in their denial.
You know, if you just want to be on TV all the time - just do it. Resign, and let someone competent assume the presidency. #MoronTrump
You gotta be kidding! You any tell the truth 20% of the time.Donald Trump's file http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/ … via @PolitiFact
Hey bonehead, The Fairness Doctrine was eliminated in the Reagan administration! Tough Luck!
You are the POTUS.  POTUS gets more coverage than anyone.
Trump U only have 32% of the population U will not be in office long when the shoe is on the other foot u would pay 4 all ur corruption
NOOOOOOO!! I CAN'T TAKE YOUR LIES ANYMORE! SPARE US!!
You don't need any more time on TV. You already have a bought and paid for star on walk of fame (not deserved). Do your job. Be president!
more time on TV?? OMG! Every time I turn on the News you are on it! Please! No more time on tv 4 Donnie!
quit your fake news
Petty lies
so silly ....
That's because most ppl HATE you...
Voices in your head Don
"Fake News" where does he get his shit! Less we see you the better!
To us like President Reagan did.  Like President Roosevelt did with the fire side chats. No Media filter your message. They suck.  #MAGA
It's a bad idea. We can find the truth tellers on our own. And Obama has set the precedent so it's OK to kill a few journalists every year.
News sources cannot be compelled to provide coverage and requiring this would be a violation of the first amendment. That is how the Supreme Court ruled in Miami Herald v. Tornillo. Google it.
Your composition skills border on reckless.
Are you asking a question?  If so, the answer is "no."
Equal, capitalized in the middle of a sentence means a proper name. So you want Equal time like Fake Sugar time? #FakeNews!
The MSM must abide by the Equal Time concept, if not a policy it should be.  Have FCC call in Heads of Nets to discuss your serious intent.
Why are you so obsessed with tv? Do your job!
You are the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. Please stop whining. And learn to use punctuation?
Sit down with a journalist and answer questions honestly.  That's all we ask.
Problem is Trump doesn't know what honest means. He's never been able to be honest. Or truthful. All he does is lie. It's all he's ever done
Just keep tweeting. Weyour tweets because we know it's Real News.

President Trump You Are Twitter.
The MSM is just white noise! The Real News is right here! #MAGA
You cult members are fucking delusional. You are a disgrace to those of us who actually want limited govt+ the constitution restored u fraud
Really, is that how you address a tweet to our President?

Don't insult us.

We are for smaller govt.

The Constitution is being restored.
More and more people in your head, you mean. Nobody else can hear them, Donnie. Take your hate blanky and go lie down.
literally zero people are suggesting this.
All those people at his inauguration are clamoring for it.
all 9 of them
Are you fucking kidding me?
Donnie, Vlad didn't plan for NK fallout in RU did he?  Seems that you're his #Chernobyl.  Could it be #Kompromat time :)
Ok, this one's scary.
What could Donnie possibly be afraid of?
I think it is more than hiring ppl to pee on a bed. I won't be suprised if there is more...behavior issues on tape. And $ of course.
Like boys or that he moved on Vlad's latest or worse?
I'm not thinking boys, but Renner when Ivana said he raped her and then recanted after he threatened to keep the kids away...
So, like proof that DJT sexually assaults? This is cold!
Have to get on Fox, OANN, & newsmax, not to mention Conservative radio & @marklevinshow on demand
We the People are frankly sick of you, take some time off,  we would all appreciate not hearing or seeing you for ever
Love Always A secret Admire lol
EXCELLENT idea: Donald Trump should be given "equal time" on the Cartoon Channel. 
Poll: Trump loses favorability among rural voters
more and more people think you should be removed from office immediately. You belong in jail or an asylum. #25thAmendment
Fat chance there. But as President you could start naming names. Fake News belongs in that Swamp too.
Drain that Swamp, Donald. Please!
Ur devotees watch the brainwashing @FoxNews no equal news there. @CNN sites sources  with balanced panels #FOXisFakeNews #TrumpisFakeNews
You can thank Red-Ink Ronny Reagan for doing away with the fairness doctrine.
Can anyone else see these people?
Do something good and you'll get the coverage you crave dear
Can we please fast forward through your presidency? I'm over it and your childish behavior!
#TrumpBullshitFactory no one can stand to here your voice or see the orange baffoon on TV.
Stop whining like a 3-year old and do your job. You're a cry baby. Ron Reagan, Bush 1, Obama and W were twice the men you'll ever be.
*(and I) you dolt
MY UNCLE TRUMP SHOULD BE GIVEN THE FULL ATTENTION ALONG WITH A FRIEND OF HIS CHOICE SASHA
More and more people are saying you are a danger to America. Where are the babysitters today?
The grammatically correct pronoun is "I".You place yourself on TV so much that you are like endless advertisements FOR YOU.
You are a reality show on steroids....not enough for you??? All I hear on every news station is Trump, Trump, and more Trump....SAD!!
dude, can you please have someone edit your tweets?  incomplete sentences aren't presidential
No they aren't. The voices in your head don't count as real people Donny. We don't have a true leader, we have a bad reality show celebrity.
Donald, your narcissism is showing.
You get way more than what you deserve.
#resignNow and win.
You're 71 years old. You're tweeting on vacation. How about you actually do your job? You're acting like a petty high school teenager.
Said know one
