Uhm.. so what's happening all over Europe? You an expert?
Europe is just fine, people don't get shot in public places, we have social security, TREMENDOUS PLACE.
and best of all: in Europe, in most cases, we don't have orange dictators making up alternative facts.
it must be tough on the Dutch that @realDonaldTrump is called "Orange" 
Hahaha with the "orange" team failing at football I'd say it's meant to be somehow :D
don't sign your tweets
ah life is terrible in France with excellent healthcare, free university, great food & wine, amazing art, friendly people.
That is it the news we are getting here.  We hear you are having a great deal of trouble with refugees being unlawful.
Ah, don't believe all the fearmongering tales the @gop leadership tell you. No more trouble here than anywhere.
agree 100% a nation is not a nation without borders!!!
what about all our military parts being made over seas
@POTUS where do we get an application for building the wall? I wanna know some details so I can sign up
We should not give the lies Muslims tell a second thought.  Their motives are made clear in the Quran. World domination.
Right.🖒
we are with you..the left is insane..no sense whatsoever.
the only mess is you and your administration.
except none of the terrorists came from those countries
#whyNotPakistan #whynotSaudi #lyingtrump
will you stand with Kekistan and defend them against oppression #FreeKekistan
i want to know this as well mr trump just once piss the left off and say you recognize kekistan as a nation
Kekistan supports the #MuslimBan
Keep those borders strong. Don't let any of your Nazis out.
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Why not deal with ur own gun laws? You've more chance of being killed by a toddler than a terrorist over there!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainDressAtGrammys WOW!
So are you Donald, So are you...
EU has to care for millions Refugees fleeing wars in  their countries
attacked by AMERICA thanks to BUSH OBAMA HCLINTON
What our country needs, is REAL Americans who stand behind their President.
we should have listened. We were kind and had open borders. #Normies took advantage of our generosity #FreeKekistan
@sudischuricht Democrats want us to do something that isn't working out anywhere!!!
you are helping ISIS recruit, but you know that right?
I no you will accomplish every thing  but always remember your precious son has the right to freedom when your gone
make sure you eat well at night shut your mind down there's tomorrow
There isnt a radical or moderate Muslim. There is only Islam and the teachings of Muhammad that say infidels must die.
Nonya thanks for all info & comments!!  You and I see the true Islam & Muslims! World Domination
the intellectually challenged have a severe case of myopia..so never consider situation in Europe currently
We don't want to look to Europe.  Remember our country was founded getting away from there. First!
@POTUS We may have to enfoce Canadian borders also.
@infowars It's so comforting to have some real testosterone back in the Whitehouse and Oval Office. It's been a long time.
@TheAwakening911 Thats right, I said it. You know you were thinking it!
I totally agree with you...we are already seeing some of this here...Deerborn Michigan for example
Christians all over the  are praying for you! Praise God for putting Trump in the White House. We  President Trump!
Drain the DC Swamp, and Protect America. We are behind you.
Yes please, ruin your country so we here in europe can have a even better life without your wierd ideas.
So Hlthcare we  locked in When will repealed  BCBS  $450/mo PPO now $721/mo since  out state  cant help Bk
You should rather deal with the reason of international terrorism than strengthen it by trying to fight the symptoms
Mkae America safe again
.@realDonaldTrump @jjauthor "Look what is happening all over Europe "

Yes, indeed. We have a Murder Rate 1/20th of yours.
they are doing better than us now that we have an unfit president  hints, I'm talking about you.
you are indeed Correct doing  a great job.
You are doing the right thing.  I am proud of our new President
actually you are the biggest mess in the world !
@AatTimothy praying for you Potus. May God bless you and keep  you Mr President
hay Donald congrats Kenny from ac TRUMP Plaza I youst for you in the 90"
sorry Mr presendent Kenny Good luck I work for you in the 90"you were a good Boss
We do need strong borders however we need to distinguish between the Christians & the Muslims. Muslims praise Allah,
Syrian Christians praise GOD! There is a huge difference between the two groups!
however, the Syrian Christians still call God Allah.
Talking bollocks as per mate
"HORRIBLE MESS"...Look who's calling the kettle black"
Deport these Blood suckers. Their here to get our assistance.#free healthcare, free education etc.Their treated better than American Citizens.Our Kids need assistance with Education. America First!
You're absolutely right @realDonaldTrump! You know what needs to be done, so we pray your fellow Constituents back you up. #EspeciallyJudges
Americans killed 11000 Americans with guns 26 mill lose healthcare
just shut up and sit down already Donnie! I won't ask twice. Mommy is mad at her little baby. Auntie .@bessbell take itn
If we take the additional Muslims into this country, no one is safe. No parent or child. Rape and beheading will be common.
You lied again! Nothing happened in Sweden Friday night.
Are you aware of how refugees are currently vetted?? It is extreme.  I think this wasn't terrible, but was badly executed
oh europe go totally fine thanks :) Germany too btw.
@BlueWaterDays They are already here! Look at the training camps! Stop more from coming in NOW!
Figure out how to bring this country together!
our country needs a leader that isn't a petulant man child manipluted by facist puppetmasters.
make the new order for the whole world not only muslem countries maybe it will get passed
@skew11 It is how these Muslims will take over the world. They come into areas set up businesses and push out locals
It's sad that American born citizens have no sense of loyalty to the most glorious country on EARTH. GOD BLESS AND AMERICA.
naturalized citizen and proudly served in the USA ARMY as a combat support helicopter pilot in Vietnam. Purple Heart recip.
when the process was being done my family had 2 sponsor families to guarantee work and residence. I am a naturalized
Mr. President . I am an imigrant. Came to this wonderful Country in 1963. Am proud to call myself an American.
you are the worst president EVER. The only reason you won is because you lied. All your son knows is money hes spouled!
this man needs to shut up
no doubts #POTUS created that mess
since when does American values override National Security?  Anyone coming from active wartime Countries can be a threat.
we need strong borders against war mongering entitled bigots who think they can use pre empt fear mongering war agendas
@MalkaMelanie More than half of America agree sir!
what's happening around the world is because of YOU #Fascist this is #America you're not a #Dictator  need to be #Impeached
@POTUS We want safety!
why i feel you will be gone as soon as possible??it's craziest things ever...
I could not agree more!
Words of wisdom from our President DONALD J TRUMP @POTUS
...and you are going to make it MORE of a mess because you have NO diplomacy....
Your cabinets should have had strong vetting instead no to weak reviews.  They are more dangerous than our borders
Dear President Trump thank you for common sense and protecting our great USA - I legally immigrated 1961 - God bless USA
And @realDonaldTrump should know. He has access to what's really happening. He's trying to keep you safe. How can you condemn that?
.
That is calling the kettle black when your very cabinet is trying to RUN MY people out of OUR homeland just like ISIS
@POTUS you're a mess
when are we going to shut down Antifa and the rest of these Soros paid terrorists. Shits getting old..
Start a go-fund me to help pay for the wall,everyone else uses it,lol
the best  thing thugh.
every time you say the word "horrible" I do a shot. Been drunk for a year. Can u please learn a new word to overuse now?
your the mess
your right mr president I think you are doing a great job
bleeding heart libs have messed up this country for the last 8 years go too your safe place the big boys are in charge now
"Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free..." sound familiar?
Completely agreed with you Mr. President. Go ahead .
you're disgrace to America
USA 
AMERICA BECOMING A HORRIBLE COUNTRY BC OF YOUR GOOFY ASS DONALD
the horrible mess is you, your cabinet and your love affair with your boytoy Putin!!
to pay for the border wall designate all the federal funds that would not go to sanctuary cities and sanctuary states.
- get the drones out on the borders & watching the waters immediately! This is the time when #ISIS struck after Clinton!
Nothing is wrong to defend our own homeland.  Why should we clean up and collect trashes for other countries?
The only world that is a horrible mess is your delusional, paranoid world. It's lonely/scary at the top, isn't it?
vet away.
We should start by vetting our President. SHOW YOUR TAXES.
I Pledge Allegiance to the flag of United States of America and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands
The power of the truth. Forget the state visit DJ they should be giving you a Knighthood
You have no idea what's going on in Europe. America first? That means also Russia first, China first...
it's not so bad in Europe. Only pants pissing cowards afraid to compete in a non white boy favored playingfield feel like u
exactly!!! We stand with you Sir!!!!
Because of FAKE nationalist propaganda feeding the ignorant lies - just like you are doing. Shame on you.
this has been awesome! Thank you #45
where do you get your view of the world? Fox News and Breitbart?!! SOOOOOO SAD.......
absolutely right Mr. President stay your course.
@POTUS “It’s hypocrisy to call yourself a Christian and chase away a refugee or someone seeking help, ....
Not happening here Donald! Very strict vetting procedures here Donald - please do a little homework - you are now Pres!
keep up the good work, Mr President we are thankful for your steady work ethic,God Bless You
Good for you!! I agree, keep up the good work. America for Americans!
Why don't U put a big wall around the whole of America if you are so damn paranoid BOO! I SAW A MEXICAN MUSLIM behind you!
Our borders are working fine. Why don't u come down here and check it out or are too paranoid
ILLEGAL immigration, apparently #liberals are deaf to the word ILLEGAL! 
TY for honoring our Constitution and laws!
Hope all these protesting crowds will be employed in the next 4 years
Would you still condemn Quebec mosque shooting as "act of terrorism" in light of the suspect's white nationalists leanings?
I agree absolutely. Many Christians are behind you. Hang tough
Hold your ground .Were with You !
you have lost so many times in your life...dont you get tired of being a loser?
No mercy to devils! Go President Trump, I support you.
I'd literally rather live anywhere else in the industrialized world, and you want to make the US even MORE of a shithole
I feel much safer in my home in Germany than I ever did during my visits to the US. Where does your judgement come from?
@POTUS PLEASE DO NOT GIVE IN AN INCH ON ACCEPTING REFUGEES FROM ANYWHERE! STAND BY YOUR VOTERS. REJECT AUSTRALIA REFUGEES!
MAGA, MisterPresident..And if possible also #EdSheeran
Of course here: #EU
Yes we know that the nukes aren't enough to make my hubby feel safe. 
A wall will fix it all.

Unless they can tunnel.
We have strong borders Europe doesn't have, they're called oceans. Ever seen a map?
Love you, your in my prayers every day
You should really look into George Soros, he's behind protestors and demo...rats!
.@realDonaldTrump If you really want to make your country safer, change the gun laws. More deaths caused by US gun owners than terrorists.
Just enforce our gun laws the second amendment give us the right to our guns for our protection.I am glad we live in a free nation
Most countries are a free nation. America is no different in that respect.  What makes you different is your need for guns, the number owned. And the deaths they cause.
Name me one country that has implemented a successful wall?
What I read here is that "I don't really travel much but I believe what I'm told."
Oh, you poor little small-handed impotent idiot. The unemployment in Germany is the lowest it has been in a long time, GDP is way up, wages are up, health care works like a top and Germans are a free and open people. Oh, and there are no school mass-murders there, either.
Everything’s fine here in Portugal thanks. It’s raining a bit hard, but we need it this time of year to fill the rivers up.
#Resign #TrumpRussia #WorsrPresidentInHistory
You're 100% correct mr. President.
#americanpridebybrentlee
YOU tweeted "repealed Social Security".  Must/need to respond to this now. Not funny!
Now, that's MY PRESIDENT!    Thank you President Trump.
That's why u are our President
#liarinchief

We are the only mess, as the world watched the disaster play our like a third rate reality show!
I don't think that you will be around to see a Wall build. You will be crying from inside a wall with all your stupid family. Wow
they are college professors because colleges  hire mostly foreigners now instead of AMERICANS...most countries hire candidates  who are citizens of that country before considering foreigners ..
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world...
Look what is going on in Canada. Canadian are worry Islamist  terrorist on our land go to USA. God bless you Mr. President!
I love Europe you don’t know anything about the living conditions here so please su
Gotta agree with that
Saudi Arabia letting women drive in their country for 1st time. Good job Pres Trump! ! Take that "the view" whoopie
Eat crow!!
Yes. Don't let the estab or far left destroy our country.  Stand behind our president people.  Don't think it could be us? Think again.  SOS
Piffle. That's British for cr*p. Compare the murder rate in Chicago with the rate for the whole of UK. You know nothing but seem proud of it
Not in Russia??
Seriously! All my Norwegian and Danish family and friends are wishing they were us right now. #Not #Sad #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow

(2) If they can humble themselves and come unto him, he will restore peace and heal their land again
(1) What your country / world need is God through Jesus Christ, he is the prince of peace
Hahaha have you seen your population?  
Mr President, you tried sanctions, threats, not working. Ever tried saying your love for the North Korean people is paramount. Then talk XXX
We , as a Nation, need to support OUR President, God will go before us and give the United States and Israel the victory
Okay you're right on that but don't build walls build bridges don't kill them approach them then if you have to bomb them away
wrong
U lie
Extrem vetting? Ever consider it for your appointments ?
Europe is fine. Stop making up things and look at your own country. In your country Americans kill Americans but I supose thats ok
Coming from you, the word extreme is extremely troubling.
Really !!!
You are 110% right. Trying to make safer for ever body including american Muslims is not Muslim Ban.Both sides misstating your intent.
i Ärger 100percent
Amen Brother ! Hallelujah
I totally agree with that now let's do it ASAP
you are repeating the worst of human history #juststopit #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
exactly what do you think it's happening all over Europe?

You need a checkup from the neck up buddy.....
I'm going on 77yrs soon and know you are the biggest a**h*** I have ever seen in our Govt!
how about you look inside your own borders before worrying too much about others
@Nancy62373781 Absolutely correct Mr. President.  I'm in your corner.
