Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
There should be no Marxist  Soros's Antifa terriosts there! ARREST EVERYONE OF THEM!
You lie and you're not very good at it.

How many bills is the Senate sitting on now! Drain the swamp
Keep  doing  a good  job.  I need  the tax cut.
S is sas.m c
Don’t trust do nothing Congress but they do agree on one thing embarrass Trump
LIAR!!! YOU'RE ONLY HELPING THE TOP.1% AND YOU'RE FUCKING THE US MOST VULNERABLE CITIZENS!!!
What happens if the world ends because the next War???
I don't want that
BS
If Congress gives We the People #impeachment, national HAPPINESS/global standing will grow leaps+bounds, to at least @BarackObama level!
What is true love
More like #MAGGOTS! 
Lies, Lies, and more lies
Trump is treasom
What Tillerson said.
Or you know.... Pay your taxes. If you and your rich buddies would pay their fair share like the rest of us do then things would work

AMERICA WAS ALWAYS GREAT!!!
@GOPLeader @GOP  are a dysfunctional bunch don't agree on anything incapable of passing legislation. Poor President left high and dry.
@realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #25thAmendment
STOP LYING!
Liar

The rich will get richer, Don. This is political theft.

Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
Democrats have pandered to far left so much they can't make Deals
Certified Trump bot
You r a fucking lying SOB.  Hours spent tweeting...at work? or lazying around in your robe and slippers you government moocher


Most racist President?
The only one making money is YOU and the 1%

pls make a eminem diss track dear leader
*Feat. Lyn Allan*
You are a dangerous man. Trump Wanted Dramatic Increase in Nuclear Arsenal in Meeting With Military Leaders NBC News
Do you even know what telling the truth feels like?
And the rich will get richer and the poor will die. #potusinthebubble
despite all economic evidence to the contrary. TAX CUTS DON'T PAY FOR THEMSELVES
Ha, bullshit!
For the rich.   Your soooo out of touch
Do us all a favor and leap and bound your way out of the white house.
#MAGA = Making Attorneys Get Attorneys. The descent is happening.

Doing such a great job making America Great Again President Trump..so proud to be an American ...God Bless and God Bless the USA
Awe sauce
Are you ever going to mention our Service Men killed recently, or the fires in California?  Or just NFL, and fake news?  #OurRevolution

Massive tax cut for the wealthy.  That has NEVER had a positive economic impact.  In fact always been just the opposite.
Thanks Obama! It was your policies that got us this far. Scary future though
Please go fucking retire to play golf, permanently, and leave this fucking country alone. You've done enough damage
Who’s gonna pay for the tax cuts? Mexico?
No, if congress gives tax cuts the rich will get wealthier
You have no clue how the stock market works.  This is the trend line
The trend has remained constant since Obama saved the stock market from complete collapse.  It hasn't broken this trend line, hence you can't take credit!
How about doing some research before you make bogus claims.  Also look up "business cycle" because the market will also decline soon!  Are you going to take blame?
Just quit your lying. Everything you say now a days is seemingly a falsehood
We want a President of action.  You are a President of tweets!
We see and hear what is going on President Trump and we are fighting for you so please keep fighting for us.
Notice : The BGY plan from CCP
If they do, you will crash the economy like all the Republican Presidents have  in recent history...

Eminem was a better
#rapper when he was
ON DRUGS: @Eminem…

THE NEW NBA LOGO

#NBA @NBATV 
@realDonaldTrump…

 And when thousands
of black people are killed
in #Chicago, #Baltimore,
#StLouis and other liberal…

Thank you Mr. President.

Keep up the great work.

…

law enforcement officer
or @NFL football player.
Your choice...

…

#49ers player Eric Reid
says he will continue to
Kneel during #anthem

…

  WE FOUND The 60
Minutes Interview George
Soros Tried To Bury  

Eminem was a better
#rapper when he was
ON DRUGS: @Eminem…
Stop trying to take credit for something that was already in motion. Thanks, Obama!
Lol hehehe OBAMA wished.
Man, Obama's hands were so much bigger than yours.
Trump could not even palm a golf ball with those "liddle" hands.. #ImpeachTrump
You know what’s liddle about you?  Your brain if you even have one. So childlike if you
Just remember that if/when the stock market crashes, YOU have claimed responsibility.
Just like when Obamacare crashed in my state, leaving my sis with no doctors— @ida_skibenes did U accept responsibility?
Depends.  Is it a state that’s actually implementing the law or a red state? A red state’s failure is on GOP:
HA! Claims the LA times, and i didn’t know failure had a color.....
It’s been well documented that republican governors undermine ACA.  In states that embraced ACA, it’s far from failing.
No.... its failing everywhere, otherwise Bernie’s single payor plan would get 0 attention.
Um... have you read on this at all or is Trump’s twitter pretty much the limit of your research on this?
I am very familar with it, well read, well versed.
Looking after yourself and your rich pals

So what your saying is you're not responsible for the uptrend as you've passed nothing so far.
Your so silly!!!, how you gonna pay for all the trips you and your cronies take???
If they’re doing so well, they don’t need a tax cut.
Another lie. You will want this reform bill to be explained to you by a numbers man outside gov.1 trillion cut to Medicaid?Campaign promise?
Is massive the new word they taught you this week??? U keep using it over and over again.
Here’s another reason why it does not work for the people
Make it happen! 
More like the final nail in the Middle Class' coffin. 
$1.5 Trillion to the 1% will trickle out,  not down.
#StandWithTrump

Your tax plan will add over a trillion dollars to the deficit. How about taking a little fiscal responsibility, for the sake of our kids and grandkids. Without a doubt the dumbest, most embarrassing person to ever serve as President.
And so will the deficit.
If you resign, the country will increase its standing by leaps and bounds
that's an out and out lie. They will only line their and their shareholders' pockets. Trickle down does not work. Reagan proved that.
No tax cut if you take away middle class deductions. It gives the rich more money. Impeach before this country dies in @realDonaldTrump hand
No... affordable all inclusive healthcare will ensure Americans are healthy & strong enough to work and serve. Tax cuts for the rich won’t
Ask Kansas how that worked for them
Yes! Just like in Kansas!!!
MAGA
You have no clue, believe me 
Tax cuts lead to massive  debt - were you not paying to the debt every Republican President ever  ? GWB biggest deficit in US history !!

All Americans have a license. It's call the First Amendment. Are you going to take that away, Mr. President? https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/918112884630093825 …
Why
Godspeed Donald J Trump
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1852 
researchers found that when the top earners in society make more money, it actually slows down economic growth.
For the rich

You have no scruples and will "do anything  for a bunk" mentality, Distasteful behavior
You need to #StandUpfotAmerica
When are we going to take care of #PuertoRico Why can't u help our citizens? #FakePresident #WakeupAmerica 
IN leaps and bounds, not by - FFS learn some grammar.
If it sounds wrong it's wrong!
I like the tax cuts but I wish we were getting more than 3%, couldn’t we cut each bracket by more like.
While the middle class pays for you yet again
I know you love the uneducated, but America is not stupid enough to accept such a swindle. Our 1.5 trillion deficit will be great for China!
Blah, blah, blah. 1300 lies so far.
bad for America
It's amusing when you try to sound as though you know WTF you're talking about. You don't.  You never have. You're a national embarrassment.
Skyrocketing inflation will #MAGA??  You’re deranged.
Ya your bank account numbers you suck
We agree w/U about t tax reform that U want.... but it’s becoming apparent th MitchM is going2 stonewall every good thing U bring forward!
And then there will be a gigantic crash, which I think you're hoping for so you can gobble up land for cheap.
Hopefully they will
Tax cuts you are asking for?

Those would be the ones to help the top 2%

By "Us" you mean you and your other 1% buddies.  Doubt that will help me and most other people.  Unless you want to personally set me up
I am confused high taxes impeded growth. Compounding the debt on my kids helps hedge funds?
and numbers (and asking grow ...if gives asking massive will those bounds. us am us numbers ...if reform) Congress the ask
Another lie?
This has never been what made us great
aaaaaaand massive spending cuts to match? Or you going for 50T in debt?
Why don’t you know how the economy works? Is that not required for your position? Are you having a series of mini strokes making you insane?
Wrong on this, but high tax states like N.Y. Run by liberals and even Republicans Nassau county make life hard for average
Says who? Paul Ryan? Lmao
@POTUS threw generic paper towels at suffering #PuertoRico   Now he’s sending a wet blanket @SpeakerRyan  at PR. Per @StephenAtHome
dont let us more under iran power please we trust you
You do not care about us ,you are just taking care of your bottom line, you are such a liar
Stop lying and attacking key GOP members Your failed track record suggests you cant lead on Tax reform either We need a legit leader not you
POTUS dumped insurance subsidies but what about the subsidies to congress and federal employees?! They aren't better citizens than us!
We DON'T want trickle down economics! It doesn't work and only makes wealthy people wealthier. You are doing NOTHING for the middle class!
Your plan: The rich will get richer & the poor will pay for it.

The supporters still following you haven’t seen the light. YET. They will.
Thanks Obama!
Yes, only the richest will benefit. Your fucking buddies, both literal and figurative.

The only ones who benefit will be the rich;  wonder if you're included in that group.  We'd know if you released your taxes. Asshole.

And how are "we" going to pay for your supposed tax cuts - FACTS Donny John; FACTS not your usual BS.

The FULL verse that EVERYBODY is talking about! @eminem BODIED THIS! #HipHopAwards 
We shall see if the do nothing congress will get something done.
We are already borrowing from Peter to pay Paul... how will Paul now get paid? 
Numbers that will grow by leaps and bounds with your tax cuts
The Deficit
Cuts to social programs
Poorer Americans 
The 1% bank accounts
Numbers that will shrink by leaps and bounds
Middle class households 
Middle class bank accounts
US budget

...overheating the economy.
Delusional!

We will except  nothing until your taxes are released  so we can verify  you are not just tipping the scales to help  youself
Republicans want ‘outdated’ business models. Progressive business models built on sustainability are the smartest future #TaxCutsAreHandouts
History and facts say it won't. It will actually cause the opposite. 

But hey, what do you care? You are getting a huge tax break.
LIAR
T's WRATH
is NOT
Mental Defect
or
Incompetence
T's WRATH IS
PREMEDITATED
EVIL
BUILT ON
A FOUNDATION
of LIES
GREED
RACISM
BIGOTRY
& REVENGE!
Right in your pocket and family, staff, wall street crooks
nothing you ask for grows by leaps and bounds, dont you get it? Your believe me statements dont get you there ;)
Trickle down economics doesn’t work.
You don’t care about the American middle class!  Only Your rich cronies!
Ruk
Obama
Congress isn't for Americans but they are nothing more than pimped out globalist donor whores.
and who would you pay for your wall and the hurricane/wildfire damage and your increase in the nuclear arsenal and war with NK??? you?
If the rich get tax cuts who is going to pay for your massive spending? And vacations.

That's what you told the banks backing all of your failed casinos. Everybody loses when they believe the Trump crime family. 60% sold? LOL
Come on Congress...let's get those approval numbers up! Tax Cuts & Reform...NOW!
Right, its the fault of congress.  Liar.
Where is the talk of spending cuts? Haven't heard a peep since before inauguration
“Freedom of the Press, if it means anything at all, means the freedom to criticize and oppose” 

― George Orwell
Seems T wants DICtatorship like Puttie
I love you potus but we all know Congress is impudent and cant help you, because your a threat to good old boys screwing Americans club
Really!?
Tax cuts for rich people.  I'd be keen to know which economist spouts a direct relationship between rich people's tax rate and stock prices
It would be nice if you could not be president, and could go back to being just a spoiled rich boy that we all laughed at...
"us" is the operative word.  JUST THE RICH.   You could care less about everyone else
Denied.  You will crash the arket with your plan faster than you can ask, "Where's my comb?"

Economists disagree. History disagrees. Tax cuts do not drive economic growth for the middle. Stock prices do not correlate to jobs, growth.
You mean you getting "massive tax cuts" greedy guts
You can't take credit for this year's economy bc we're still living under Obama's policies from the past 8 years. That's how this works.
We think yo are great Mr President!! We know how HUGELY you have improved the economy already!! Block idiot libs!!
READ: "If Congress gives ME and my buddies massive tax cuts, I will just say anything to make it sound better:

Correction: if congress gives the rich massive tax cuts and places the burden on the working class and poor.
You mean this & the GOPutin-NeoNazi Party tax cuts for the rich & this #MAGA (confirmed by Tillerson).

RT if you agree it's time for the Administration to invoke the #25thAmendment-we will start RTing the hashtag once this is at 1,000 RTs 
And so will the deficit...George Bush once called it Voodoo Economics. You pretend to care about the Middle Class, but are just a con man.
Swamp creatures wiill use everything in there arsenal to make sure it never sees the light of day

gonna be hilarious when you blow up an 8 year Bull economy, tax cuts will trigger inflation, real bad for growth, defer to an economist...
Actually the CEO's will be making more money
