Where you been hiding, Marco?
Will you now support YOUR @POTUS on the whole agenda WE THE PEOPLE voted for??
Trump just doing for this
You need more facts!!  Uneducated!!
What facts you tell me? Educated!!
Sure pardon someone who defies a court order.  Let's make America great again by supporting lawlessness.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Develop a spine. You need to get Trump out of office.
Trump Train!!!!  Get on or get run over!
Trump train is condemned.
Hmm ... fake news?
RUBIO, U NEED TO CLEAN URSELF UP & GET AWAY FROM DEEP STATE. DANGEROUS!  LEARN 2 BE REAL PATRIOT. AMERICA NEEDS REAL LEADERS!
OR QUIT 4 REAL
So you approve of his lying then? Because he certainly did plenty of that too.
@theblacks4Trump @POTUS He read the telepromter whoopie!
He dont know what to do about Afghanistan either buddy chastise but other leaders! Status quo!
President Trump need to pardo Sheriff Orpaio! We need to stand with Orpai! He did a great job. Hilary has done so much more and walking.
He needs to pardon Orpaio! Let Trump know we want him released! Stand up for a great American.
Yes it was, everything done and said perfectly
Laying what out, exactly, senator? I heard no plan. Please, enlighten us on what you heard that we didn't?
You should get a sound bar for your tv. Not that expensive. Wish you could have heard the speech. Pretty good.
Again, no specifics. The man that said he knew more than our generals used Afghanistan problem to distract from his incompetence!
Stop being disrespectful to a duly elected President who will be one of the greatest President in modern times.
Hahaha! That is beyond a joke. He will not be president for another year. He will quit, like the coward he is. He will be a bad memory!
You were actually in the Military? That's scary
Again, judging anyone who had the courage to put on a uniform disqualifies anything else you may have to say!
You sound so bitter! Were u booted out of the military? That is if it is even remotely true you were ever in the military.
Donald Trump "you don't tell your enemy you're coming" he continues to do the opposite of everything he said he would do.
Oh.....now go play in a bubble bath
It's about time you back your president up instead of chasing kamala Harris around
And tomorrow you will be criticizing him!
Rubio and Lindsey supporting Trump?  Must be reading their polling data and election possibilities.
Totally agree!
He is now bought and paid for by Soros.
I am profoundly disappointed in him!
REALLY?  It was very VAGUE and it seems like the generals wrote it NOT @realDonaldTrump  Also seems like you were trying to DEFLECT us from
your racist RANT last week.  Tomorrow will be another attempt to do so.  Arizona asked you NOT to come right now and you won't respect that.
With all due respect, Senator, that was 25 minutes of oral diarrhea poorly read from a prompter. He didn't tell us diddlysquat.
Nice try Little Marco.
#ImpeachTrump 
#TrumpResign
Curious....What are 4000 troops going to do now, that 140,000 couldn't do five years ago? Time to go. Been 16 years and it's still a tie.
Excellent. That's why they don't want him. Straight, honest. He says what is correct not, what liberals,leftists want.
There was no plan laid out.
Have a backbone.
Speaking of "laying it out to the nation"
Yes... Now at @senatormarco_r support our POTUS @realDonaldTrump here at home.   Stop being so damn squishy
Excellent speech and strategy!
Lil' Marco
Judging by the remarks in this thread. The liberal left seems to have an insatiable appetite for hate. Antifa is even worse. Good luck Mr R.
Uh oh, this endorsement doesn't make me feel good.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS What Strategy?
Positive words by Rubio.  You would swear the moon blotted out the sun or something.
It's nice to see you FINALLY supporting @POTUS on something. Geeezzz it's about time!
I think it's great. He should be sly/quiet with plans of how and when. Why let the enemy know anything. Liberal idiots shout everything.
Oh no. Hillary is gonna want some of that money back now Marco
I know it may seem like gaslighting will get you through this but it won't. Governing requires the hard work of analysis, coalitions.
What jumps out to me is that he wrote NONE of this speech. He can barely read, much less write. And WTF was with the Xanax-like demeanor?
Ever hear big O speak w/o his TelePrompTer? "Uhmm, Hmmm, Uhmmm..." Articulation doesn't equal substance
Except he actually meant it and understood what he was saying...
Trump means it as well, whether you agree or disagree with the man.
Actions speak. His actions are horrific.
We each have our opinion of everyone in government 
Ah, Betty, this is way beyond opinion.
Obama's policies scare me. His distaste for America terrifies me. Trump gives me hope. That's about it
What did he layout? All I heard was an obtuse TelePrompTer speech from @realDonaldTrump. #fail #noplan
He read from the TelePrompTer if it had been his he'd have gone on about the massive turnout and made it about him, the man's a Nazi
WHAT PLAN? 16YRS INTO MILITARY CAMPAIGN AND DUMMY CALLS 4NEW SURGE WITHOUT COST OR PLAN DETAILS
NOT INCLUDING 
PISSING OFF INDIA ALLIES
Indeed that is my POTUS!!

Your hysterical after voting for Obama...lol
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion  #ImpeachTrump
What strategy, Marco? More vagueness from the man who publicly humiliated you. Back him at your own peril. He's going down and so will you.
Sorry, Stuey! Wishful thinking, maybe? He's around for another 7.5 yrs!
Don't bet on it, Kirky. #TraitorTrump is toast. Won't finish his first term.
I'll bet on it-he sticks you get off twitter! All u CA Libs such hypocrites!Make $$ off backs of ppl,Capitalism-have ZERO concept how we lv
Sorry to burst your bubble, but Trump is such a disaster that his own party doesn't want to run him for a second term. You'll desert him too
And, it's not a bubble! It's reality, which Libs/MSM just can't wrap their triggered heads around
You're delusional and claim to be a physician. Now that's scary. Are you a Russian troll pretending to be an American?
  You so funny
He's our President he knows better
What strategy??? Same old, same old!!! #ResignTrump
Where is all the help from our foreign friends for hurricane Harvey. We are the first to send help
How can you say it was a good strategy when he didn't say what the strategy was? We will kill terrorists is a goal not a strategy.
Your funny
What's So Great About the Afghan Strategy? It Just Means That American Soldiers Are Going to Lose Their Lives in Perpetuity
We have to agree to disagree
You are both the worst
Impeach
I agree. I’ve always found that the best #AfghanStrategy is to lay it out. Leaving it rolled up looks sloppy as all getout!
Inappropriate post for a POTUS
@TheFive Mayor @seanhannity Daley said "shoot to kill" during the 60's.  The violence did not last long & he was reelected many times! You a
RT @marcorubio: Good #AfghanStrategy & excellent speech by @POTUS laying it out to the nation....
Marco, you were elected to carry out President Trump's Agenda & nothing else. Don't you forget that
No. He was elected to represent his constituents and the people of the United States. Please, go read the Constitution.
So proud of POTUS!
You are so easily made proud,.
Actually I'm not. I was so miserable and not proud the last 8 years with all the foreign policy mishaps, racial divide, health care cost..
Then you are so easily made miserable. By the way, it seems you're describing the last 8 months.
No in the last 8 mths the value of my house went up my investments went up and I'm making more $ @ bus. since regulations have been cut.
Obama didn't brag; the proof was in the pudding. Yet Trump brags about a growing economy that BEGAN under Obama; common sense!
About time you opened UR mouth with something other than criticism for @realDonaldTrump! RINOs will have short careers!
I didn't hear anything laid out. I heard we're sending more troops, that's it.Dumpy even said he wasn't going to tell us the ctual strategy.
U need to stand with @POTUS more
If it weren't for the Generals surrounding the administration, there wouldn't be a strategy. POTUS deserves no credit for this.
What strategy? There're no details! That's not a strategy. Why kiss the ass of a man who doesn't respect you?
Couldn't understand your tweet with Trumps dick in your mouth. Which is weird i know
Marco u should lay off the a^^kissing. It will not help your political hunger. @gop is screwed. I would poll your approval rating. Good luck
Need any help getting Trump's ass out your mouth, "little Rubio"? How about you and your fellow GOPers grow some balls and do something!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Nice post but I dont trust u anymore Rubio after you snuck that bill through against freedom of speech
#AfghanStrategy w Rooskie or #PakistanStrategy w China?
So confusing
He stunk.
Don't fall for it, Rubio. Remember how he insulted you for just running for office? Never forget. He LIES. With all his might, he lies.
Our amazing POTUS needs all the support he can get,TOGETHER we will move this nation to highest level of success,for ALL.
Sold your soul, too?
When he reads from a speech written by generals, he says things that aren't awful. However, when he does it, he's just their sock puppet.
Hey Marco, grow a spine.
Hypocrite Rubio
Can't wait to see no balls Marco get voted out while Trump serves 2nd term
What #AfghanStrategy Senator?
#pussy
Donald Trump is a good man.God place him in the office of the President because he loves America.
I've always been on conservative side. You may have mistaken followers or replies that don't follow thread correctly
ALL he did was say a bunch of confident sounding buzzwords.
@marcorubio is a joke. Talk about a pendulum. Swinging from Florida to Cuba. This island bouy is a kiss ass. Sad sad #littlemarco
Really?  He can read.  Probably doesn't even know what he said.
Una pregunta: Venezuela puede ser una base para el terrorismo. Porqué no interviene?
Says a lot about you if you think that speech was excellent!  That was the most unhinged, disgusting, untruthful, speech ever!
You must be a Democrat! 
Welcome to the #NextVietnam @marcorubio.

So Trump made a speech that didn't completely embarrass America?  the bar is so low, I can see why you're excited.

NYT: On an Aug, 9 call, Trump accused McConnell of refusing to protect him from the Russia investigations. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/22/us/politics/mitch-mcconnell-trump.html?smid=tw-share …
Keep it up!!! Make America great again!
You re such a sell out...you should be ashamed of yourself. No respect for you..you should get some balls..
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Please get the other Republican Senators and Congress on board!! Or no votes next time! #UniteTheRight
Marco, kissing ass won't get you far with this president.
#fullofshit #fulloflies the only thing he can lay out is whatever steaming pile of crap comes spilling out of his mouth; and you lap it up.
Yeah @marcorubio ....  but we  U Lil Marco! #marcorubio #Traitor
Perhaps the president was referring to "the many, many sides of Little Marco"  Grow a spine and speak your mind!
How'd you like the inevitable disastrous follow up speech in #phoenix?
https://m.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=108558399796418&id=100019267757392 …
Go Trump 2020!
When this comes to a vote in the Senate, we are hoping you, @SenJohnMcCain, and Lindsay Graham will lead for "yes" and support this policy.
@icebreak2011 My wife prefers Marco.  Trump is the leader and we all most be grateful.  Not you little Marco
You've got to be kidding #whatdidhepromiseyoulittlemarco #beentheredonethatdidntwork #ImpeachTrumpAndPence
Put another layer of manure on that brown nose of yours.
Couldn't follow him after Charlottesville speech saying people carrying torches thru the street were fine people disgrace to all Americans
what a speech did you watch. You are delusional
With respect Mr #Rubio the speech by #Trump provide a plan that is essentially the same as Obama and Bush strategies. More of the same.
Wonder if the trolls that don't like Potus would say those hateful things to his face? We'll never really know
The first Pres. Trump decision that I disagree with.  16 years/$1T, & we have nothing to show for it. Monitor/intervene from afar...get out
Not sure what speech you were watching senator. How about his rally last night? Any thoughts? Don't waste a dime of our tax $ on the wall.
Wonder who wrote it for him, to many bigly words
Ass kisser

I thought you hated Trump when this nightmare began. True colors of the Alt-Right are showing Marco. Ass kisser. Good paycheck I'm sure. You
Praising the death cannot bequest them with salvation. Trump is political roadkill, a lame duck president, but mostly lame
Get lost, little Marco - when are you going to learn? Are you showing up for work this term?
@POTUS You are doing it WRONG!!! 

END the war in #Afghanistan like you said you would!!
Backstabber!
He DIDN'T lay anything out 
Other than the fact that YOU'RE a kiss ass
About time u applauded OUR president of the usa
R e a l l y?
little marco is a fool
My #AfghanStrategy!
#FlatEarth
Bunch of dumb LIBERALS I see!
IT WAS SCRIPTED SPEECH!! Not Trump's thoughts or words. Someone wrote & GOP made him say. NO, NO, NO. Too Late. Trump is done. Get him out.
You laid it out...and stomped on it.
How do all of you malign each other knowing eventually you may have to face each other? The stress would knock me out.
Little Marco YOU are a McCain jock strap sniffer. YOU are a GLOBALIST

I find it scary when you, Lindsay, and McCain support the president.
Grow a freaking back bone my 5 year old grandson has more guts than you do SERIOUSLY as ur so CALLED president stands in Arizona like a fool
Since your so up his back side tell him he is no longer running so stop acting like he is
Trump is an incompetent racist buffoon. Quit propping up the mentally deranged disaster. Impeach now.
HAHAHAHAHA
@realDonaldTrump 's  plan isn't to win; it's to avoid losing.
What is his strategy? Please explain. More of the same?
Empty threats 3 rd world rhetoric and Rubio praises the fact that T can read at a 6th grade level. Where are his Wharton records need to see
Trump was right little Mario obviously wasn't fit to be president either.
Good to have you on the team (occasionally)
don't be a suck up marco!
How can you condemn #Trump one minute then support him the next?!? You are two-faced, and disappointing the people of #Florida .
Now I know you're crazy. His Afghan strategy same as was before. He didn't lay anything out to nation. I thought you'd be more honest
You are
You forgot to share Trump's earlier tweets,true thoughts on Afghanistan. Nothings changed since but more Americans will die and more $ spent
What's up with that Marco? Ignore @realdonaldtrump's previous positions just like you conveniently ignored his insults for the #Bandwagon?
Idumbass libs could find nothing wrong w speech except he didn't read it to suit them or give out top secret strategies!
What did you learn?  The plans a "Secret." What exactly was layed out? How many soliders will die to bolster Trumps approval numbers?
Jumping  in the train again, SPINELESS.
Seriously Little Marco now you're kissing his butt again?  Try to stay tough for just 5 minutes would you?
"For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?" Mark 8:36
Are you kidding, mr. rubio?
Too late.  Step up and take a stand!
when the war hounds start praising Trump, you know he's given in to the establishment pigs. Endless war, endless death...
You wish. I see you still have no back bone @marcorubio. Don't bother trying to run for POTUS anymore.Your true color is out. #ColorMeCoward
He gave no strategy. He .ight have one but it wasn't in last night's speach. Hell he doesn't even have an Ambassador to.Pakistan yet
Yawn
@MarcoRubio: "Good #WhiteSupremacistStrategy & excellent speech by @POTUS laying #MAGAklan out to the nation!"

All hail OUR #ApricotMessiah
He's not my Messiah!!
Selective tweeting.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS you're a bigger tool than he is & thats sad
You can't possibly mean that..he makes fun of you. Because of him you're a joke
Unfortunately, he undid it all and then some with the speech in Phoenix last night!
Too bad @realDonaldTrump blew it AGAIN tonight! 
#ImprickThePeach
I have heard Bush make the same speech.  This is nothing new.
Great - so more US soldiers will needlessly die.
Oh please, don't try to get back in his good graces after what you (correctly) said about his response to Charlottesville.
so, you think attacking Pakistan and letting army to get any resources from Afghanistan as compensation is good strategy? Hmmm..
Please, go home.
Looks like you are back to kneeling and opening your mouth wide  to accept another discharge.
WOW... Rubio falling in line with #presidentloco.  How about you put our country over party. Don't be a puppet! Stand against the madness!!
