Was one of your "very fine" people did this.
Did u attend out of respect?
Hahaha and her mother refuses to speak to u. I love it. Love it. Get outta my whitehouse
When were u ever in the whitehouse! I didn't know you owened it?
We as Americans own it. It's the pls house in case u forgot.
your Tweet was quoted by @NPR
You should have not let your daughter participate in that craziness!
Too little too late
Hoping you see sense & apologise to @Kaepernick7 & the rest of the NFL players for your rude divisive statements #MakePeaceNotDivision #hope
Obama wasn't there for Bengazi! Gimme a break! That whole event was awful! All of it was for nothing! No one should have been there!
Can't all you blues stop crying! Get on your own page and complain!

Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembe...
You didn't mean this shit
Heather had more courage and love in her eyetooth then you do in your entire body.
We love you @POTUS
No. WE. don't.
And you honored her memory by saying she was morally equivalent to white supremacists. Great job.
Yeh she was worse
Did you go? Nope? Didn't think so.
Did u?
Fake response.
Fake hair!
Who made you tweet this? We know you were forced to or a staffer did it.
Who made you tweet this?
I hope she is remembered as the civilian who started the end of your hateful Presidency. #HumanityFirst
Wow I like your words.
Are you attending?
He is not invited.
So, SO many reasons we love, admire and respect your predecessor. *have someone look it up for you*
I'm pretty sure if Obama had been the president, Charlottesville attack will not had happen..
Keep up the great work Mr President. The haters are going to hate. I know you really care about us. #Trumpsgreat
Work? You mean golf? Firing his staff? Supporting the white nationalists/Nazis? He's a narcissist and doesn't care about anyone. #resign
Where do you get all your info? Besides your emotions! Please state sources!
Agreed. Can you elaborate on what made her incredible and special? Maybe a little bit about the specialness of the cause for which she died?
Probably not but I am sure he knows what golf course he was on.

This tweet is crazy. It sounds like you're celebrating the long happy life of an olympic swimmer. She was mowed down by a terrorist. #resign
I am no fan of Trump by any means and even want him gone. Yet to your tweet I must ask, wtf are you going on about?
I am troubled by his tone. It would be nice to have a president who responded w/ the appropriate gravity to situations and could lead.
His tweet was in honor of the girl who died. What did you want him to say? There is plenty to call him out on but this isn't it.
It's about emotional capability. A president needs to be able to handle this better. I stand by this. This tweet has a crazy tone.

Gooshe shtepping moronsh like yourshelf should be reading booksh inshtead of burning them.
My Gooshe shtepping moronsh Tweet seems to get a lot of likes from women wanting to have sex with me.
Do be fair, sir! He wasn't sure if he should be sad until he had all the facts!
Of course! People who fight for civil rights are equivalent to literal Nazi murderers! The leader of the free world said so!
Liar. Using the death of a good woman is disgusting. Shame on you.
If only we had the class & dignity of POTUS, who didn't tweet about her until halfway thru her funeral & has yet to denounce her murderer.
Yet you didn't condemn her murderer
You dirtbag trump should not speak her name
Probably hurts you to say that!

Did Hope write this?
I doubt if you represent Veterans. Most love our President and your organization doesn't represent our military.....Go find a liberal area
What did her family say when you spoke with them Mr. President?
Don't pander to the left. It will get you nothing but contempt from both sides.
Don't even say her name.
not what you said the other day! Domestic terrorists remember? Not the guys with guns, clubs, torches from out of town
Even when you tweet something nice it always comes with caveats.
Check out the hottest porn around
Her blood on your hands. How's your conscience?
How DARE you even mention her name!
How dare you #fakepresident and hypocritical liar.
But according to you it was her fault too. #ImpeachTrump
your hypocrisy is nauseating.  you dishonor her by your words!
Why don't you provide protection for this beleagured woman?
Oh yeah you didn't even know her name except one of those bad lefty whose behavior was "really bad" you're a disgraceful bigot who must go!
Weak & ineffectual as always. #TrumpResign  #AnnulmentNow
Did an intern write this shallow vapid comment? Nothing somber or feeling about it. Her blood is on your hands #resign #25thAmendmentNow
Can't wait for yours
Another hostage statement? #alittletoolate
You do know how she died, right?
What about insurance companies they are making billions in profit????
We won't let you forget that you compared her to Nazis, you biggot.
The only problem, Mr Trump, is I can't believe your words. To me you seem to be part of suprematics. You only have to admit.
Stop it. This doesn't pass the sniff test. You don't give a shit. #TrumpLies
So disingenuous after comparing HER activity to the Nazis present there. This is why her mom won't talk to you. Not a brain teaser!
But not u right? I'm surprised u knw her name. Did u have to ask an advisor for that. Pathetic!
Nobody is falling for this
But...but... isn't she partly to blame for getting murdered?
is lying again. Trump has no sympathy for Heather. He defends the Nazi who has murdered her.
You have her blood on your tiny, little weak hands. Too much of a coward to go and give her respect at the service. #NaziPresident #Impeach
Murdered by one of your "very fine people", you schmuck.
The family will always have that sink hole in there lives;.............,....;.../......dems
Why do you tweet that, you don't mean it. Just a case of going to arrive at golf  club  soon what can I do.
Can I get an Amen... wait what?
what an INCREDIBLE, SICKENING HYPOCRITE you are!
All real Americans are behind our president and support him fully through think and thine. Only the cowards are anti Americans . Go45
Hopefully as the courageous woman who took down your American-hating Nazi regime.  Oh, and no one is buying your BS tweet either, hypocrite
U r sooooo outta touch with the REAL America. Get out. Resign like the rest of ur billionaire pos buddies. We don't need/want u
Who are you kidding? Next week you won't remember her name or what happened to her. LIAR.
She died due to your hateful rhetoric that gives the AOK to Nazis, KKK and so on to carry on their hateful ways.
If you had a shred of decency, you would've showed up to the memorial service. Face the music.
You don't give a damn about her, just the "good" neo-nazis.
this make me want to vomit
Yet you stand by the ideology that killed her! You are a horror inflicted upon America.
You didn't even know who she was nor what she stood for. Totally alien to you! She was courageous, liberal, caring, stuff u know nothing off
Why weren't you there?  Can't take the heat? Resign!
Why does everything u say about a wmn include her looks? "She was beautiful." Would it be different if she were butt ugly? Your tone= wrong.
Evil is in the mind of all people but it's the soul of the persons character that divides him for following the crowd and take a higher road
Find it repugnant that you can say her name when you did not instantly denounce her killers #hypocrite #HeatherHeyerAlwaysMattered


Yup didn't even attend her service!
Too bad her mother hates you and will never speak to her because you called her daughter a terriirist! Trump needs to go!
How dare you even speak that lovely girls name with your foul, evil mouth.
How dare you mention her name, Sir? You called her killers good people-this woman died because of your #intolerance #Shame #Charlottesville
Too little too late
gross to capitalize on the death of someone whose demise you flamed the fires of. you make me sick #worstpresidentofalltime #trumpmeansvomit
These words are true, but coming from you mean nothing in light of your other comments. You're trying to gain political points.#hypocrite
You are a horrid excuse for a president.
You killed her.
you have not honored her in any way shape or form!! Empty rhetoric!!!

Trump must be isolated. Resistance every day. The end is near but must keep pressure high.
Did you read that off your Teleprompter ?  Always nice how you selectively give out condolences.
Empty words coming from a white supremacist!
Her mother doesn't want you to talk to her or about her daughter whom you slammed in your speech..
Memorial Svc?Her mother wont even speak to a hateful monster like you! Dont act like u care anyone but yourself #CensureTrump #ImpeachTrump
@POTUS #NAZIPOTUS #IMPEACHTRUMP
All you trump voters is this what you really wanted
Ghezzzzzzzz you are sooooo fake
But the important thing is what her mom said about you on Twitter, right?
The first thing you choose to comment on his her physical appearance? Not surprising, which is sad.
I don't get why everyone can't get along and accept trump. Even if he dosnt make it Mike pence will take over so we might as well accept him
It's bullshit they want to do that.
#FakeTweet
You only called during the funeral. You talked more about what you said about heather, than personally talking to her family. SELFISH!!!
Please resign.
I wonder why her mother won't take your calls?

Please join together In prayer for our President, his family, our country, and all of you who know what is going on here.
...Hipocrat!
Like you 'give a s__t right?You tone deaf bigot,White Supremacist inabler #MuellersISComing  @GOP @DNC TAXES PLEASE!Thanks @IvankaTrump
could you be any more FAKE?
She should never been there.  Protesters were not wanted or needed.  Statues left alone would never Happened. Hummmmm
Hipócrita! You have no feelings Mr. trump
You never shook off your father's slum lord manners. Favorite pass time insulting everyone. This is an insult coming from you!
Seriously only about how she looks not about what she was fighting for or anything
Nazi
You don't deserve to speak her name
Why aren't you there? Obama and Bush would have attended. Apparently your vacation is too important to interrupt.

I almost forgot. RESIGN TODAY!!!!

With all our hearts we pledge to do our best to end hate, racism from any organized group of people that promote violence and destruction
How good of you to add about the memorial service AFTER you've tweeted about anything else you could think of. You're one SAD MAN
You are the greatest President Trump
Her blood is on your hands. You are despicable.
...beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer who was murdered by "very fine people?" #FakePresident
She will not have died in vain. We'll make damn sure of that. You don't deserve to say her name.
All but the Trump's
Was she one of those violent Alt-Left protesters? Was she killed by one of the "many good people" waving Nazi flags? #jackass
Did u listen to what her Mom said? She no longer is grateful to u for denouncing the hateful groups because again u flip flopped #Resign
Labeled her as an 'Alt-Left', defended Nazis-Keep her name out of ur mouth. You've desecrated her memory already. Don't pretend like u care.
How you have the nerve to talk about Heather when you tried to say that the anti racist protesters were as bad as the racist protesters.
Donald, you have already sympathized with her killers group for the whole world to see. Your words are empty. Zero credibility.
You aren't fit to mention her name! Heather's blood is on your hands. #ImpeachTrump #Charlottesville
your hypocrisy is astounding. you don't even care!!!
Who wrote that for you?
well, well, well. This a bit gushy from a person who called her "side" equivalent to the nazis. #hypocrisy
Thanks, Ivanka!  Tell your dad to resign!
How can you even type her name. She is America, not you.
ONCE one is out of " The BUBBLE" I.E., DC, W.& Upper E. Coasts, THE REAL AMERICA(other 90%) WE FULLY GET TRUMP'S MESSAGE
But you were to busy to go to the service
So fake.
YOUR followers killed her.
Nor the words of her mother! Round up the FASCIST/NAZI group  ANTI FREE AMERICA (Anti fa) and the Muslim terrorists and deport them.
Were there, phony, pathetic person
August 12 was a birthday of Soros.He made himself a gift paying for provocation with a raid on the demonstrators!
Every single time you say something about a woman it sends a chill down my spine. You are a class-a creep.
Remember when you said Heather's mother thanked you. ANOTHER LIE!! What is wrong with you! You seriously need help. WE HAVE NO PRESIDENT !
Says the man who did not call and then only called DURING the funeral.  By the way her mother has some "nice" things to say to you!
