you're a fuckingliar. 
After 1st tour of #PuertoRico,  #GeneralBuchanan calls damage ‘the worst he’s ever seen’.
The job is getting done! I have been there ! Can you say the same??
no has estado alli  .... piss off, poseur
Yes I have - and delivered thousands of pounds in aid in relief via ocean containers pre positioned before the storm - what have you done?
you've done nothing of the sort, little pendejo, or it would be all over your twitter... now go study, little girl- it's a school night,
Some of us dont need news to cover acts of kindness - only hysterical gays like you look for forums to vomit your anger about God hating you
you've done nothing of the sort. suenas como una nina de 12 anos. que ignorante idiota.
Liar
That is purely because the people of PR are strong, independent people who do not need your help and the rest of the nation that has donated
Jennifer try to get informed on facts if that's possible. I don't have my hopes up. Thousands of tons of food and medicine have been deliver
Jennifer please check your facts. I know it's hopeless ! left wing ideologues are socialist in nature and can't be changed. Patriots-CitMAGA
Dear President Trump, I have a sister in Puerto Rico that’s without power since the hurricane! It’s actually 6 months now & diabetic!
@POTUS If your goal is fewer brown people, then yes, job well done everyone.
Typical left-wing ideologies accuse everyone of racism with no facts just trying todivide our nation. Sad and pathetic. Democratic socialist
PLEASE LISTEN OR READ THE RECORDING AND MAKE IT GO VIRAL!It's heartbreaking the desperation in this officers voice!
How could they call themselves Puerto Rican and let their people suffer like this in the hands of corrupt liberal politicians?! 
https://www.youtube.com/embed/5Uc1pPsKt_s …
President Trump needs to be made aware of this recording. If it proves to be the truth I'm sure he will take action ! MAGA
Baaahahahaha    nrainwashed dim wit.
Talk about brainwashed that's obviously you! Stop the hate ,if that's possible with people like you!
Just stop
#hesnotfit he can't. He's a narcissist.
We can see the destruction. We see the suffering. Why can't you?
Failed presidency 
You are s liar!!!
You... took over a week to respond. Obama responded faster to Haiti, and it's not even part of the US. People related to the military
Idiot!!!!!!!!
Liar.
All anyone has to do is turn on the goddamn tv! How can you spew such bullshit? From the golf course no less
Cholera.
Blame everyone but yourself. Classic Trump
What exactly is your idea of amasing? No wonder your wife slaps you away if that is what you think amasking is.
Who are talking to?  We know the truth.
The hypocrisy of your actions as POTUS  vs the criticism you gane Obama is jaw dropping.
Four!
Mr. @realDonaldTrump ,
You are right most of the #Media are #Fake
We all support you.
Thanks.
Incompetent self-aggrandizing joke. World sees you a lot differently. In general one of most hated people on earth. Well done.
You just got done calling the Mayor of San Juan incompetent this morning, and said the people of Puerto Rico want everything done for them.
How many times are you going to tweet this?
Enough already!!!  We get the point. You hate  Puerto Rico.
Our brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico are American citizens who need our help. I stand with San Juan Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz.

This is the woman you attacked.
The mayor of San Juan only wants to help her people. And Trump viciously attacks her for literally being a hero.
Trump divides more than he unites and attacks more than he helps.
It isn't fake news that Trump attacked the mayor of San Juan. It was on Twitter for all to see.
Please elucidate, EXACTLY WHICH FAKE NEWS MEDIA ARE YOU SPEKING OF?  ARE YOU SPEAKING OF THE “Phoney Deaths” in  Puerto Rico?
How's your golf game going today?  Nice to see you have "priorities."  Everyone hates you.  #Resign
Tell the lie often enough, people will believe you. POS attacking the victims who don't bow in gratitude #Trump #Resist #peurtorico
Wrong
General overseeing Puerto Rico response breaks with Trump: We don’t have enough troops or equipment http://hill.cm/kUhzkZu  
PLEEZE.  Haven't you embarrassed the office of the President enough today.  You have sunk to an all-time low.
What about the people going to Puerto Rico that said you giving people 3 bottles of water and a pack of pringles....they ain't always people

Not true according to the guy you put in charge
Y are U on a Golf Course? These are American Citizens. U keep referring to them as Puerto Ricans. They are Americans & the island needs help
You blame everyone but yourself!!!
Your Fake News
Why do you always lie little orange man? How are these imaginary bone spurs doing?
Are you there?
That's not what the people in Puerto Rico are saying.
The people are great... it's the president who is just horrible!!
#LiarInChief
You are awful
President Trump's disaster response has been the best of any President. Period.
The people of Puerto Rico (not the political hacks) are extremely grateful to have a decisive leader in the White House!
The #MAGA movement is HUGE in Puerto Rico!
As usual, Political hacks and bots don't like Trump, but real people LOVE him! #AmericaFirst
People will die. That's not fake news.
You attacked a Puerto Rican politician asking for help. That's not fake news, either.
You made this about politics, and not about helping people. That's not fake news either.
We're the Party of Reason and Progress, the only org bringing evidence-based politics to the world. Here's our take.
Here's our statement on @realDonaldTrump's handling of this crisis.

https://partyofreasonandprogress.org/blog/2017/09/29/somos-uno-trump-administration-fails-americans-hurricane-relief-alienating-basic-human-rights/ …
These are AMERICANS that need help and you are bullying people on Twitter and blaming Dems. I wish I were surprised but I'm not.
The help is not that good since 6 months and almost or more then 1/2 million no electricity!!! They need more help fast!
Wow. We just call our relatives  and friends, they still w/not services.
Impeach this fucking nightmare of a monster. This Russian puppet. This money-laundering fool. This racist Nazi fuck.
Finally! Someone speaking my language! No other president has ever been HATED and REPULSED by MILLIONS like trump the demonic WS oneKARMA
I really don't understand your hatred. What has our President done that you disagree with?
OMG what are these people on? When a really bad person can do no wrong in your eyes that makes you just as bad. U condone an avid WS AH!
Your hysteria doesn't answer my question. Please elaborate as to why Trump is bad. What policy/law/action you disagree with.
Hysteria, and calling people Nazi's is the only thing liberals understand
Denying FACTS is all we get from you trumpkins
Simply because 95% of those alleged facts is non-factual. In fact, only an idiot will believe anything spewed by #CNN, #MSNBC, or any #MSM
How's it going in PR? After your golf games, you might want to check.
How can you denied the 35 percent do not have basic services??? There are pictures and videos of it.
Liar, liar!
DEAR MAYOR CRUZ

People are SUFFERING

So STFU about #Trump

 And get the TRUCKERS union to DO THEIR JOBS

#PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRico
https://www.google.com/amp/s/theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/09/30/puerto-rico-teamsters-union-frente-amplio-refuse-to-deliver-supplies-use-hurricane-maria-as-contract-leverage/amp/ … one source, probably a Russian bot, #actualfakenews Roseanne believes it? Sad!

You MAGAts will believe anything except your own eyes.There is ZERO confirmation of any trucker strike. As for a commie conspiracy? - NUTS!!
You explain why those trucks r not moving why there is container after container just sitting there
Only 20% of qualified truckers are working. NOT a strike. Takes experience to drive big rigs, not just anyone can do it.
Why only 20%???
The rest haven't been able to get in. No fuel for their own vehicles, needs of their families, etc. Choice- Go to work or feed your kids??
Stop with the BS you're feeding people! "Yep! NPR reporting Russia hyped and pushed unPOTUS's NFL propaganda right from the start!"
They r great, the response to Hatti was faster why? They aren't even Americans remember Puerto Ricans vote on mainland
Many are not getting the help or food & water! The sick are in desperate need now yet no Help has gone to her area!!! Neighbors help her!!!!
REALLY!!!??? How would you know, your always on the friggen golf course, wasting TAXPAYERS MONEY!
It's what you said that's making everyone angry.
It doesn't take a liberal to know you're aweful at this.
Fake news your fake. Nfl. Who cares.. ww3. And YOUR PRESIDENTIAL DUTIES I VOTED FOR THIS SICK #RacistTrump #incesttrump #socialmediajunkie
Idiot!!!
If you were doing a great job it would show.
It's not Wall Street getting hurt if you wipe Puerto Rico debt. That's my retirement money that you want to let Puerto Rico steal!
Despite tha Fake Shit Media up in conjunction wit tha Dems, a dunkadelic thang is bein done up in Puerto Rico. Great people! #Trizump
shame on you Trump. you are inept and a disgrace to our Country. America is not your reality show!!
#OhShutUpTrump #impeachpresidentofPR
Hello Wendy I see that you are another Marxist socialist left wing extremist with no common sense!bye
Liar!

Deploy boots on ground to work in Puerto Rico. Use your military might to work for dying people. Be the hero you dream of.
Interesting enough, Trump is the fake news, without him the Media would have to search elsewhere.
With you all the way
My Aunt lives in San Juan. She says she is fine and has food and water. It will take time but things are being done.
TRUMP another fraud President"Trump Tax Plan To Benefit "Top 1%" Most, Cost $2.4 Trillion, 99% to pay More Taxes""
Translation: I hate Puerto Rico
Why don’t you forget this “Fake News” nonsense. You are the one who creates Fake News.
You are doing a fantastic job @POTUS! More than keeping your promises, more than fulfilling our expectations!
TRUMP...YOU ARE AN IDIOT!
Side with me or it will be your ass.
You are the only Fake News

Dems and libs are soooo fucked up. PR people need to get up off their ass and distribute the supplies delivered by U.S. spoken by a PR!
In conjunction w/ the Dems. Really? Your paranoia is showing. #TrumpRussiaCollusion

Despite the Fake President and the GOP, Puerto Rico is doing the best they can!
NO ONE BELIEVES U
You are the biggest generator of fake news on the planet.  #resign
Volunteers are in an air conditioned convention center with NO PLAN OR ORDER. Trying to help 10 days AFTER! Get over there!
Hey yellow belly jerk,if you go to PR. ?????
Who you think want everything done for them. You're pathetic.
Not fake news or a dem issue when the San Juan mayor comes out and says it
Keep doing what you're doing Mr. President. We have your back against the lying Liberals who want to destroy America and your Admin.
When are you going to man up and do yours? Tweeting doesn't count you know.
Niet comrade
You're delusional Trump! Seriously, what are you on?!?!
Why would the so called fake news media just use Puerto Rico as their target? Because what's going on or not going on isn't fake, it's fact
YOU ARE FAKE!
All of you that are bashing Trump are acting un-American and should be ashamed of yourselves!
Why can’t U just be civil and respectful of the situation? For the sake of your presidency and for our nation plz show some respect
According to who?
It was sort of demeaning the way you treated the citizens of #PuertoRico . Cringe worthy moments. We don’t expect this from our POTUS.
Call your cable news provider and demand ONE AMERICA NEWS NETWORK OANN,directtv chnl 347 try it! http://Oann.com .
Just  help Puerto Rico
Damn the Dems must really have clout to control  the news media!!! You're snoop full of shit!!
You are an embarrassment to this country. Truly.
Bullshit. Your lies are so transparent.
You wouldn't have to keep saying it if it were actually true. I've spoken w/ACTUAL Puerto Ricans and things are NOT amazing.
Liar
2/2 that couldn’t get jobs anywhere else because they sure as hell aren’t journalism majors -they break the ethical rules of journalism 101
You truly believe your own lies.
You're a fake president
Great job Mr president. Don't let libtards discourage you. They want to blame a hurricane on you that is how dumb they are.thats y they lost
#MAGA
If you spent as much time working as you do tweeting, something might actually get done!!
In conjunction with the dems?  Fake media?  Do you have dementia?  Seems that way. Media isn't fake just cuz you disagree w/coverage.
You are the FAKE EVERYTHING
YOUR CARE ABOUT NO ONE BUT YOURSELF!
You are making the rich, richer and the poor poorer. You have no feelings toward this country.
And I know you never read people's tweets.

You have failed the ppl of Puerto Rico. How dare you attack the San Juan mayor. Despicable.#valuesundersiege
It's not about the Media, Dems, or You right now.  #CutRedTape #RepealTheJonesAct
Interesting.  Trump brags about many followers but most comments here are against him.
Do the sensible thing. The Dems should have only written ads no vocals 
Most republicans cannot read, the reason for the low contributions
If you donated a dollar every time you said Fakenews, PR would have more than enough funds.
Nuh uh!
@ResidentOfFL Ask the Mayor of San Juan where she got that shirt printed...
It's always the "Dems" fault, right?  The response to disaster in PR has been criminal! All your lies & tweets won't change that fact.
DIDN'T YOU FALL FOR A FAKE NEWS STORY ABOUT IRAN LAUNCHING A MISSILE, LOSER? THAT'S RIGHT YOU DID, AND THEN YOU TRIED TO SPREAD FAKE NEWS

so why does the mayor say otherwise
Unfortunately , the people of Puerto Rico  can not concur
So says you, the fake president
Wrong

Sunday's front page...
After Trump insults Puerto Rico's leaders, Lin-Manuel Miranda tells the President: http://nydn.us/2xOlvvT  

People are literally dying #LiarInChief
The only fake news is you !
When they're not being lazy. #AmIRight

People are working hard, WHILE YOU PLAY GOLF  on the backs of the American middle class.  1 golf weekend = more than most make in a year.

Great News
And I am busy tweeting instead of doing anything worthwhile. Maybe later I'll play some golf. Maybe right now, just after a few more tweets.
You continue to amaze me.  When I think you can't get any worse at your job of leadership. You do.
Donald you should do more , again this is not about how good you did, but what desperate people in Puerto Rico still need. A
YOU. ARE. A. BIG. EMBARRASSMENT...GO AWAY, NO ONE LOVES YOU!
Stand back Melania and Barron, Daddies pants about to go up in flame...Liar.
#AlertTheDaycareStaff
you ain’t doin shitttttttt
Shut the fuck up Donny Dildo
Hopfully one day Grate American will Understand the true Definition of FAKE MEDIA&FAKE NEWS, that is the Time even your Doctors Betray you!
Not Just your Doctor But Your Wife, Children, your Mechanics, your coworker & neighbor will betray you, your Loan officer do forgery......!
Fake media has destroyed my 2014 Van, spend ~$4000. With my mechanic the iflunce of Fake news my van the same overheats,USA intelligence..!
Liar
Thank you Sir.
Liar
Everyone knows you lie! #ImpeachTrump
Did you know Hitler tried the same tactics?  He repeatedly would say stuff to make people believe what he was saying was true.
Not everyone in Puerto Rico is a Democrat but they are ALL American Citizens!  Be the bigger person and just keep the help coming out there.

The peak has reached,The End has come it's time for others to reign The world.
You are the worst kind of fake news
You are fake news. And old news and a raging idiot. Quit your day job because you suck as a president. #FakePresident #FakeNews
U r delusional

Bazzarro world, where confirmed liars are revered & humanitarians are called liars & opportunists. USA in dire need of Critical thinkers.

You have told this lie so many times you probably believe yourself. You are fake news. Your lies are fake news. Your presidency is fake news
just because you tweet it, doesnt mean its true
