God bless President Trump, his family and his team who are faithfully and diligently “ MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Awesome 
A true president by the people for the people.
The people of RUSSIA
How? By selling out to Russia to get elected?
He wants to go to war how is that great
Yes she did! She won The Biggest Loser!
She lost to a Traitor !!!!
It’s not even funny that that many people are so ignorant
He is stupid. He is racist. He is the personification of evil. He is not a leader he's a bottom feeder. He humiliates America every day.

Thanking your Russian bots again?
<Uh-Urrrrrrr!> No. I’m sorry. Wrong answer. Announcer, tell him what his parting gift is...
Potus needs everyone prayers daily. Prayers for strength, guidance wisdom n peace. Potus is a Good Man n LEADER!! Protector of USA.

.
Wow, you are a lost soul. Do you even know what’s going on? You better go see a mental doctor. There is a screw lose. LMAO
That must be where you are. LMFAO
The good  people love you Donald my President God Bless you and your family  for work very hard for  the Country

Are you kidding me lol... most ungodly family to ever live #grifters #thieves #cheatsandliars
Hmmm... care to revise and extend your testimony?
#ResignFuckingMoron
Anger Management Classes beginning in 20 minutes. ( no juice boxes  or snacks in room please due to #SchumerShutdwon janitor off duty)
Thanks
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
And before you say another word about the fake news this is your son talking. You better muzzle him
BARF
All of them every last one hmmmmm. Reaching are we?
Are you kidding me? Division and prejudices are not uniting this nation or in any way making it great again! It is driving a huge wedge!
Thank you blackmailed Politicians and compromised Media CEO and talking heads...

It’s a lie... Americans (you and your neighbors) are not really as “divisive” as MSM propaganda pushes out... are they? Be honest.
you keep spelling "grate" incorrectly...
Looks fine from here...
#fuckingmoron Dotard in Chief

Yes Lord bless & protect President Trump and family.  Guide the President- surround him with Gody wise advisors.  Remove all wicked from DC
Yes Satin give your blessings to Chump
Gotta admit our guy is an athlete!  https://t.co/FTRI2E2zE8?ssr=true
Fuck Chump !!!!!!

Insest is a way of life in the south
WASTE OF A BLESSING
#FakePresident
Idiot
I hate you
Jk
Got dared to say that
Sorry
Get a life
They are doing such a good job. NOT
yep they sure are they are making america great a GREAT LAUGHING STOCK OF THE WORLD

Go away please!!..
Evelyn please get help. Somehow u caught the disease 45 has. It makes you lie about every thing.
Grab 'em by the pussy!!!
Let’s hope the hand of god slaps some sense into that small brain cell of yours
Your both out of your minds
I can't believe how delusional some people are

Ha hahahahahaha.....sorry I can’t stop Pmsl
I love the new title...Petty -in -Chief...absolutely fitting!
Another delusional idiot with a tweeter account!!! America is great indeed!
Amen!
Haha that's funny, the ONLY thing you have succeed in is making America HATE again! #fucktrump
Millions more Americans would've preferred to make America BETTER THAN IT EVER WAS BEFORE than those who voted for you
Great!?! Really!?!?

You are delusional,  like the President.
Impeach trump
Making America Racist Again
#notmypresident
The Trump Administration 'working hard' ... in First Class!
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1837 
Blow me prez
Why do you always feel the need to rub these compliments in our faces? It's very arrogant; a President shouldn't do that.
M. A. G. A. =
Morons
Are
Governing
America

Ask anyone with a respectable IQ....
Lol talk about fake ....
#LoveMyPresident
#LoveMyFlag
#LoveMyFirstLady
#WeStandWithTrump
#TrumpKeepsHisPromises
#Winning
Amazing
Oh puke puke just sickening
I love your style Mr. Trump. A true leader to the world and mostly your people. I’d change your system so the media stops lieing about you
Give your head a shake for crying out loud
Over 3,000 messages and no response
Seriously?
Don't forget to thank the superstars in the Trump administration.  The fake news will never be fair to them either.
its funny I had to respect obama yet these douche bags have know respect for you Sir. God bless you Mr. President. You have my respect Sir
It will be recorded that you will be the worst president ever. Even worse than Nixon!
typical narcissistic behavior. You just HAVE to retweet an adoring post from a groupie fan.
Make America Great Again....  … @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Barf
Other leaders of the free world should adopt president Trump"s ways of doing business god bless him and family
@EvelynMcquary @ABC what a crock. Kiss ass's

Obviously a lost soul
No, THANK YOU Mr. President. #MAGA 

It's about time torch wielding racists can march through the streets shouting Nazi slogans.

Wow, you must know the fricken Trump family! I guess MAGA means raising P.R. debt concerns BEFORE HELPING? P.R. is NOT A FOREIGN COUNTRY!!!
Lol
Maybe you should go grab her pussy?
3 -loving bigot who has no respect for our country, its citizens or the constitution.  You will go down in history as the worst pres ever!
2- statesman who competently guided this country through a tough time.  On the other hand, you will be remembered as a incompetent, Nazi
1 -No matter what you do to try an erase Obama's legacy, he will always be your better.  He will be remembered as an astute, thoughtful
#fucktrump
No he is Making America Hate Again
Trump worse 45 ever!!!!!!!
Fake president   He’s is responsible for Maha   Make America hate again
You make America great again when you’re golfing and leaving it alone.
When exactly was America great!!!! I'll wait!!
#@thedisalusionalone
Whoever believes this bs
https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_57ffae1fe4b0162c043a7212/amp?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
#FakePresident #FakeLeader
SO BE IT! #WeThePeople #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Why do you only retweet complimentary tweets?
He's a bully.  He is the most vindictive president we ever had.  He keeps saying fake news in spite of tapes showing the truth.
Writing to yourself again #dotard
Morons of a feather flock together.
U know you're thanking a bot, right?
False.
America has always been great. Shame on you.
Now THIS is fake news.
Me, me, me, me @POTUS
There are so many morons around the Trumpster
You responded to a bot, yet again!  Sad!
How long did it take you to find this poor, misguided soul's tweet?
God bless you
The man just wants constant praise! You're sick. #dotard
You won't be the one to make us great again, just the opposite

m.  nb n 8  n kmkkb nokbnjnnvbk b7biz.
Clearly a robot tweet
lol
@WillieGarson  I'll just leave this here for you to read 
Wake up lady!!! So Trump is going to start WWIII.  What will you say then dummy??
Lol...
Lmao
Can you explain how he's making it great? ...we'll wait... #fakepresident
How sway
You are talking about the lyingest President in history
Good luck with that. You evangelicals elected the Antichrist.
Now this shit is HILARIOUS!!!
changes. the stock markey,jobs,economy all going up from 8-+ yrs. stagnate since T. took over.T. is erasing Obama from history.
Do you live in This America? or the 1950s. If you read any of DT tweets you'll find the opposite. he is riding off of Obamas admin.
Evelyn is a little disillusioned, bless her heart.
not sure who said it but there is a thin line between confidence and arrogance and an even thinner line between arrogance and stupidity!
She's as dilusional as you.
You found one positive tweet!! SAD, SAD,SAD!@
Bullshit.
Well, u have at least 1 follower than likes you. The rest, not so sure.
Bravo

You show how much you love and care for Americans everyday!
Thank you for being the poorly educated I love or ignoring the education you did receive so I could use u to help Russian and USA oligarchy.
He's not.
WAIT! He's done it?! When did the THAT happen? I wasn't aware he'd even started!!
It's all Trump's fault shootings and hurricanes all desastres because he's the devil.
Vomit yuck
Bwah hah hah haaaahhhh!

You messed up again #MAWA Make America White Again. The fake Christian in charge!
Satanist.
So the USA isn't great now?

You mean, "Make America White Again" don't you?
The only way for idiot trump to make America great again is to resign.
America was and is great. Trump making it bad. Fake president
HOW FAKE, REALLY FAKE, SOOOO FAKE. BOTS ARE FAKE, TRUMP IS FAKE, EVELYN IS FAKE - FAKE FAKE FAKE.
OBAMA WAS THE BEST PRESIDENT SINCE KENNEDY N OBAMA WAS DEFINITELY MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Nor Obama n none of his staff was ever caught up in scandals n under investigation the entire 8 years he was fixing years of Fuck Ups
The white house is being ran by a bunch of crooks n clowns.. 3 RING CIRCUS
Gas has gone back up... Sercret Service is broke because of him n his family. Hell he is about to start another war due to his ignorance
YOU MEAN IF HATE AGENDAS, DIVISION, AND BEING A SEXUAL PREDATOR, LACKS MORALS,  ETHICS, COMPASSION IS GREAT? A SERIAL LIAR? I THINK NOT
Yeah,  what a blessing......
Yes, God bless our Great President!
Trump good honest hard working President of 
We pray for you everyday President Trump; God gave you to us, I truly believe that!1stAlways!!!
LOL!!  SAD, SAD, SAD!  DISGUSTING!
