
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!...

Is it true that Obama had his birth certificate faked like you figured in the first place?
Mr. President, why don't we use incarcerated low level prisoners to do some of the labor construction which can be used for a reduced sentence. I would think 1 days work = 2 days off their sentence. That's free labor.

Once you get out of prison you can still promote 


State run propaganda TV; no thanks.
She's garbage
Heard you we're going to fire Muller. Innocent men don't fire ppl investigating him or his ppl, innocent men aren't afraid of the truth.
Couldn't care less. I actually feel sorry for her because of the rotten example you've set for your children.
look her I I
Another false puppet of yours
?
Sorry, can't watch, gotta wash my hair
Sad.
Trump trust foxandfriends, you know, Fake News. Trump, I got news for you, they only talk great about you so you will keep their ratings up!
Build that wall,Do tax reform, and renegotiate how we operate around the estate.thank you for all you have done.
Who cares
She makes me throw up in my mouth . Gross
Wait I thought fox was fake news?
Who gives a shit?
Never watch FOX!  Never ever
That’s unfortunate
Future 1st female president...
So?
Who cares about the handbag merchant
She's every bit as clueless as you are, Dump.
How is this relevant to your leadership (or lack of it)?
Thank you Mr. President  for being so persistent  fighting for us Americans, despite the harassment  you continue to endure.
Now that is a fake, tabloid type of show if ever there was one!
Who the fuck cares??!!
Is she selling her apparel? #sad
IS @IvankaTrump A REAL GIRL YET? WHY WONT SHE GO ON AN INTERVIEW W/@maddow? TOO SKERRED MAYBE??? IDK IF DROIDS GET SKERRED THO... #magafail
Oh!! Daughter-wife is in Fox? What a goddamn surprise!! Is she breathlessly coy, stroking Sean as she likes to stroke you?? Jared jealous??
@NickWeingartz sad!
Jobs!
Who cares.
FAKE NEWS
Spreading more hate and lies I suppose, how about she stays off the fake network and goes to the real news...that would be nice
Nepotism in the White House now!
And we care why?
No one care about your evil spawn
Yuck
Poor, sad Ivanka.  Look what you did to her.
You should have put something out about your wife and son moving to DC, to welcome them, no?. Seems you're only interested in yourself.
Not a surprise. Narcissistic
But startling nonetheless. I mean, it's not like he doesn't tweet. So to have a bunch of tweets about his legal problems but nothing >
about his family -- his own child! -- is just nauseating to witness.
No one cares
How about "Ivanka is on . ."
Yes. referring to Judaism as one of the top 3 religions. LMAO
Daughter wife
Do you know how to use punctuation other than exclamation points?
Geez.  I just realized those are awful big words for you. Punctuation is the  funny thing at the end of sentences. There's more than *!*
ewwwww thanks for warning
Who cares?
你想干啥？
So, it's fox news?  Most of us don't bother with that garbage channel!
Best thing ever come out of you, sir.    You Are a troll and we will get you impeached - man baby
translation: my third wife who doesn't live with me is hot
I see you're watching Fox News all day like the crazy grandpa you are. That's OK though. The less you actually work the better for America.
...whining.
good thing i wasn't watching
is a playing ground of @realDonaldTrump  and his family.
Pathetic
for a nice softball interview... I guess she likes soft Balls! LOL
Actin' the maggot I'd say 
"Three largest world religions"
Look up the definition of "confirmation bias".
Softball questions and bald face lies.  @foxandfriends is a real joke of a show but perfect for the crooked.
no one cares about your daughter / secret lover

@realDonaldTrump Glass Steagull
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions …

An smeared VAwhistleblower sees a 180degree change in who's really supporting Freedom of Speech @Refee00
 
@Ivanka thanks for taking all the incoming. So proud of you and all that y are doing. Haters have never hired anyone.

Funny how activists around her suppliers mysteriously disappeared. What did you do Trump? What did Putin do?
Not interested in your #familycircus
Isn't she freaking hot? Don't you just want to grab her somewhere?
Put your penis back in your pants
Aristocat
Are you aware that "Daughter" is not a job title and that presidents don't normally operate as a @TVGuide
Who???
Time to turn off the T.V. folks
maybe she will talk about how bad she wants to fuck you , like you do  her on Howard Stern show
LIKE I GIVE A SHIT
Love her! 
Who?
Happy birthday to you and may you have many more  pls give me your e-mail address
She's an out of touch idiot judt like her dad. #shame


Show us your tax returns,comrade
Забавно, как вы всегда рекламируете свою дочь-жену
Quick turn over to shallow to
I don't watch them, their station seems like fluff news, and a little FAKE!
Happy Birthday Mr. President....
another reason not to watch. Thanks.
And you just had to tell the world that??? Noone cares, surprise surprise
Put down the remote and get back to the people's work.
Are you watching that in Washington, or on one of your golf courses?
Who cares!
thank you I no not to watch..
who cares?
Who cares?
Den store presidenten har talat..... 
the spoiled apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Block m
NEPOTISM
Who gives a shit about her. She's becoming U and is a very hated women.
Do you seriously not have anything more important to do than tweet this?
stop watching tv and do your job, now!
Another toxic Trump playing the victim. What goes around , comes around.
Who tf cares
Booooooooo
Changing subject: Can we get a White House Web pg w/vol travel ban pledge going out of US not to go to N Korea & countries harboring terror?
#CreepyPOTUSDAD
Were you ogling her while jerking off in the oval office?
We love Ivanka, too.  :)
FOX - FAKE NEWS
It's good to know that our president is using his invaluable time to plug his wife's tv appearances.

and we should care why?  Stop talking about her cause it creeps me out!  We know that you'd sleep with her 
Shouldn't you be working for the American people and not your own family first?
Why is she on the largest culprits of fake news?
Happy birthday President Trump, you are the greatest President ever and God bless
I'm turning into pro-choice I think all liberals should abort themselves at any age and the government should pay for it oh no I'm a liberal
where's your recognition for pride month?
A brilliant, gracious woman who has continually chosen to take the high road with her worst detractors. You did a great job, Mr. President!
NOBODY CARES
Personally I'd rather watch paint dry. But that's just me.
poor whiney baby,   "people are mean, I didn't expect this"....   snowflake
Fake news!
sad thing is you never mention anything when it happened
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump is still promoting #RealityTV #whocares #clowncabinet
hello，Mr president！did you have dinner。
Do the people making a buck a hour in he sweat shops in China get to watch her
No thanks. I've seen enough Barbie play so far today.
why do we care about @IvankaTrump ?? And more importantly why do YOU have to promote her? Not glammy enough herself?
Do you promot big bang theory and other shows to? Seems promoting products is more suited for you than leading a country.
Can never remember which is your wife & which is your daughter. Given that you've probably slept with both, I doubt it matters to you anyway
I have the same problem remembering which is which :)
Who cares?
