President Trump meeting a young Jedi in Houston.
Love our @FLOTUS!
Probably a quote paraphrased from Michelle Obama...
You are great president.
Please destroy north korea.
Thank you Mr. President. I would be happy to call you a fellow Texan.
We LOVE YOU President Trump! 

Texas Stands UNITED! #MAGA
#TEXAS #TexasStrong
Texas Loves #Trump and Trump Loves #Texas!
Thank you @POTUS and @FLOTUS!

#TEXAS LOVES YOU! #MAGA #TexasStrong
UNITED we are UNDEFEATABLE! #MAGA
Together WE Americans  are undefeatable AMERICANS. WE THE PEOPLE OF THIS GREAT NATION
#MAGA Thank you @realDonaldTrump
Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Never let a disaster go to waste...said no decent leader ever.
Wow. I've never seen a "White Supremacist" hang out with so many black people!
Texan here near Houston & Mr.President & First Lady Thank you it means so much to us made me get goose bumps & cry & heart was heavy!
Your ability to turn a 20min photo op into a 2min video is impressive, you tangerine bell end.
Thank you @POTUS & @FLOTUS From Texas
I'll never forget both of you, @POTUS @FLOTUS and your sincere concern, & generosity to  Americans

Great video. Shows who Trump really is. The media will never show this.

Isn't that what you eat!?
AMERICA STANDS WITH TEXAS! NO OTHER @POTUS has handled a storm as well as @realDonaldTrump has! #MAGA

Thank you Sir.
Jajajajajajaja
Keep America Great, Sir!
Shucks. Shamed by Pence much?
Back at you X 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 so there, I win libtard Loser
They will Prevail! Without your help
Where's the EPA effort in Texas?
Hear say is  Obama wire tapped your golf cart
We love you #PresidentTrump thank you for not going golfing like Obama,  giving YOUR own money not SCAMMING millions like Clinton's in Haiti
I hope you are be sarcastic !
It looks like 'God' was pretty clear about what he thinks of the direction America is going in under your 'leadership'. 'Blessed' it ain't.
And by "together", I mean good luck figuring it out! Peace, bitches, I'm out!

How about we prevail in the great United States...by dumping your ass in the poison flood waters.

Don't you feel like a fool..because Trump ha done more for this country then Obama in 8 yrs!
Oh really? More than @BarackObama ? Let's look shall we? Oh lookie here! Look at all that Obama did that Donny takes credit for. Awwww
Rate the President's Response to Hurricane Harvey!

#POTUS #Harvey
POLL: Do You Approve or Disapprove of Pres. Trump's Response to Hurricane Harvey?

VOTE & RETWEET

…
You ate filth. #ImpeachTrumpPence

I'm from Houston. 

This photo-op propaganda video just made me throw up in my mouth a little bit. Who picked the touching music?
Sadly the time I had previously dedicated towards your impeachment is now occupied removing drywall and furniture from flooded neighbors.
We are busy feeding 1st responders and cutting out drywall for disabled neighbors. Know what? No 6 inch stilettos or $40 hats required.
Trying to look presidential after Charlottesville? Despite Harvey, even Houstonians without power know Mueller is making you squirm.
Houston just got back on twitter and holy &$@! 

Manafort took notes in Don Jr meeting!
Mueller has your Comey firing drafts!
Schneiderman!
If you wind up impeached soon might as well come cut out some drywall. We will let you pick the music.
She was organizing fund raising in Chicago. You know, making an actual difference. Not swanning around for photo ops like the Trumps.
Best president ever.
This is what America is about! So forget about U & Ur hatry film @GClooneey
OMG! He actually touched some black ppl for photo ops! Wonder how much hand sanitizer he used that time. Remember that black church incidnt
God isn't hearing your declarations of blessings. You are a grotesque megalomaniac who is a grave danger to the nation~
Another preacher from hell itself.  "God bless Donald Trump and God Bless America." -- Sayeth "Bishop" DeadMoney
Yes. He is hateful.
Maggie means the "Bishop," not The Donald, by way of explanation :)
Yes, thank you!
Together we will prevail in Impeaching a Traitor!
We will work as a nation to rid ourselves of a president who puts Russia before our great nation.
And then heal as a nation as we replace you with a real patriot.
Sorry that is heel....
If you are buying into the hate talk and rhetoric then you're being duped. This man loves his country.
Then why didn't he join the military and defend it when called?
You can love your country without serving in the military lmao
dodged the draft five times & not philanthropist. Says he's worth $10B. If follows thru & donates $1M, that's like having $1K & give a dime
No smart person worth billions of dollars would go to the front lines
he didn't have billions then, but the pos had no values then and no values now #ButYouGoOn
Ya hes just a terrible terrible human being because hes rich lmao really sad argument
coming from a trumpster that's a compliment, thanks!
You don't love anyone but yourself, if that. Leave these people alone. Why dont you go back to playing golf. At least then you wont be able
mess anything else up. Why do you think the GREAT state of Texas wants you there? They dont. They dont want to be told to have fun while
Attempting to save whats left of things they held dear. Take your fake donation ass back to DC with all the other crooks & liars. Texas
Doesnt want you. America doesnt want you. YOUR OWN WIFE DOESNT WANT YOU!!! When you gonna get a clue?
Your politics are on the way to joining all your other failures. Including your fail at spelling lmao. What president doesnt know how to
Spell?!?!? Donald trump thats who! Most pathetic excuse for not only a president but as a person as well.
TOGETHER #WeThePeople #MAGA and #KAG 
Mr. Don, 
1 year ago I sung it too, for all the same reasons. But This, you share today is a good video. I loved it. And felt the timing couldn't have been better. Thanks for sharing. 






Trump now you looking like the president for all people please don't do no dumb shit this week
Better chance of the Canes beating the Noles...
canes are gonna beat the noles steve
Is this v 8.0 of this tweet?
our defense will get to that young man every drive. y'all defense is what'll keep you in it. canes 24-21
Should be another good one this year.. close pretty much every year..may be lower scoring than that.
yessir they've been great games!
Good luck...talk to you in a couple...

Much better - too bad you had to ask for a do over. Lets's hope you do better in Florida
If you love this Texan then please leave Amazon alone. Walmart has caused more mom and pop businesses to go under than anyone
https://youtu.be/1zL7SGIDVIk  @HillaryClinton
https://youtu.be/1zL7SGIDVIk  @BarackObama
Trump has never been a white supremacist as the Fake Media claims. He has always been compassionate, a champion for minorities!

ok this one - he didn't in an award, at all - he was praised for his help, but there was no award. Why did you RT this, it's not true.
Sorry confused it with the Ellis Island award.
This is the very definition of "fake news" and you blindly retweeted it. That's how Trump won. You helped.
at least when the Times fuck up they issue retractions. You just keep going full steam ahead and say shit like "oh wrong award".
Nobody read retractions. Making an error is not the same as making something up. Are you having fun?
yeah to be honest it is kind of amusing, you're a trip.
Mr President Trump, I bet you are do the hardest job, you ever loved. Your job never sleeps.
It's amazing how many people CAN'T see the legitimate concern Trump has for people... HE IS SOOO NOT A POLITICIAN... God Blessed Us
@realDonaldTrump listen up to me I’m able to sleep at night with out a gun next to me and how is it that when media put a large map of the world mostly all the kids pointing where is North Korea on the map all pointed at Canada  is where they pointed your not fooling god so
#FakeNews
Mr President im a form soldier trying to get my due from the V.a
A men!!
Yeah...we know. God saved our ass with @POTUS. Gonna take a bit more time that's all. #Americans are finally waking up to the dangers. 
He only cared after people told him to! tRumps the 1who cut #fema
i am from texas thank you for caring showing love and kindness to us texans, we will remember you always with love
They don't love you. We saw the signs when you arrived and when you left. Actually they hate you.
Good
Yes we will always win if we hold on TO God's  unchanging Hand
That song a tear jerker
Can we get the #NationalGuard to Chicago after hurricane season? What exactly do they do for our states crime crisis? Just always wondered.
Ive been fighting them for the last 14 years since being injured in Iraq
God Bless America & God Bless POTUS 
You have shown us all the Spirit of whatreally is. One of neighbor helping neighbor. Your Faith isTY@GregAbbott_TX @robertjeffress
PROUD OF MY PRESIDENT!!!
I wouldn't let him touch anything let alone my child
Always gotta have a damned photo op. Too bad he's never had a good picture taken.
Awesome
We love Texas! Thank you America  for  helping each other!

wait . is Donald Trump your dad ?
Thank you Mr. President!
Thank you
God bless you - and all you are trying to do.
Haha this made me smile!!!! This is what were about!!!! love  happiness and a  great President.
Fake President
毕竟也是美国总统里面的清流，不是被那些资本付扶持的！对那些精英而言，川普总统的确是一个意外。American People自己选票选出来的。
God is no respecter of persons.
#DonaldTrump #MarcelloMenna #Texas. We love you, men and women from Texas. We Will Never Give Up.
This is what you were born for, President Trump. You are discovering your great ability to give to the everyday American. Bravo!
Thank you, Mr. Trump, for being our @potus, the President of the Americans. , not $$$. @DNC
America was a good place to visit but who know
we will banned Australia
God bless Texas
Emotional video! Showing compassion, no riot, just simple love & respect to all human!
You should always act like this
Just and still campaign mode! Never trust a word he says.
He needs to be nudged to say anything decent.
Why can't we block this man too?
President TRUMP IF you are truthful and want to Drain DC Swamp then unify the races and sexes and all generations
You have an amazing heart  President Trump
God Bless you Sir.
We are strong and united Trump in 2020.
How will racist @JoyAnnReid spin the love shown by black people?
Wow.... you even got a "Kiss the baby" pic in. Nice photo op. To bad the first time you were there you showed how much you don't give a shit
ALL

Looks like you had so much fun..
Spreading your love...
Soninke9
You touched one of em! How was it?
If you follow trump you approve of his treatment of fallen heroes families! trump is repugnant!
"PHONEY" "LIAR" SATANIC Trump you are a LIAR & THEIF PSEUDO! Trump DOES NOT HAVE ONE OUNCE OF AGAPE LOVE! HE IS FAKE!!! LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!
You always doing a great job hon Donard Trump,,,,apriciate you
Great job Mr President
@LindaKo23218145 tRump u love NO ONE but urself.Stop http://lying.You 're losing ur own base.This country has never been this divided!
The real Donald Trump
USA is only Nation in World that recognizes Israel as a separate Nation. Israel controls entire World through USA.
@b_kelly_14
How dare congresswoman from Fl degrade @POTUS like that w/fallen soldier! Look how wonderful he was&even visited people in hospitals in NV
God bless you. Sir Trump. We love you well My group ..but know my state is mostly Dem I joke when I go 2 vote b/c I know we're rare 
I know from experience of gods love  for me I can’t trust anything that you do your thoughts are the reason that cause terror when in reality brother god only sees the heart  and you are the calm storm your a Isis members coward
Yes LORD let it be so!
Mr President I humbly thank you for all that you do.
@POTUS help support Operation BBQ Relief! They feed many people. And do not hesitate to go when needed.
You're Awesome in your love for America and God! Thank You for shining the light of Jesus among so many! We love You!
Meanwhile in the West coast,

#GodBlessTexas #ILOVETexasSoMuch so much. I'll always miss the far away sound especially, and the softness of those prairie winds.
Maybe he has a heart after all.  Willing to give him a chance.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Way to put that one container in the back of the truck. Oh, wait....
And EVERY other country while He's at it.
Trump you lie
Luv this video..
Where ever President Trump shows up he is received by the people with a warm and loving welcome, but the media says people hate him. Sure!
Proud of way our nation comes together to help our friends and families in Texas!
REALLY
Except for 800k #DACA. Some who serve in the Military. Who work. Who pay taxes. Who go to school. Who go to work.

Thank you for your kind donation to relief efforts! Love what you're doing-- 
hay trump
GOD DOES NOT KNOW Trump!!! GOD KNOW's ALL ABOUT Trump! Trump has NO RELTIONSHIP WITH THE LORD!!!
Your heart needs a spiritual check up if you don't get the message through.  Your heart is blocked by hatred.
My HEART is FILLED with AGAPE LOVE & TRUTH! You either run to the "TRUTH" or run away from the "TRUTH"!!! The "TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE!"
God bless Mr President! God bless our Military Men and Women who are sacrificing their lives to protect us!! God bless the State of Texas!!! God bless the USA!!!
If there is a God he would impeach you
Even with heavy body armor, he smiles, hugs, helps & walks w/purpose. THIS is what @POTUS is all about! #MAGA @FLOTUS Thank You as well! 
Dash Ist ein  Vergnugen. Trump selfies mit dem Volk. Welches Gluck. Setzen sie fort Mister Trump. Ein schones Bild
Those children are so precious. Love seeing the president and Melania interact with children
Awesome
Y.yt
Nin kursiigiisa ka fikiray Inta Aan sheegay Lumi
Best 1st family ever.
...like you love the #DACA? 
Amen!
Using blacks,... U hate them
Love this video!
A true leader
What a blessed nation we are, Mr President, to have your leadership!
Lot of blacks wanting pics with Trump... Blacks like Trump, No matter what the Lying FAKE news media spits out.
Our president continues to show his love of the USA and all its people. Unfortunately it doesn't fit fake news agenda.. #LoveSeesNoColor
Here is a man with a heart,and who loves his country. God bless all Americans.
Uh huh
Beautiful pics and all love you got in Tx is soooo heartwarming. Just know that Blacks all over this country support you! #Blacks4Trump
Pleas Great Americans..we the Biafrans in the Southeast pat of Nigeria need your Helps Towards our Freedom..pleas help and Help God bless
You love Trump. Did he send you that 1 million pledge? Didn't think so.
God is obviously not blessing you at the present time.
I salute u
.@POTUS Of course will use #Irma as another photo op to appear like he gives a sh*t. What will you be selling this time? #Trump steaks?

God Bless you for the post! 
Lol
thank you-tExas belongs to God-lovin Texans not mexicans-we fought and won the war
My God, does your who have no bounds. This shit's all about you. #NOMORE
Amen
Awwwww.... love this!
AMEN MOTHER THERESA xx
You are a great compassionate President
