I don't even have insults for you anymore. You're not worth the effort. #Resign #TrumpRussia #TreasonHasConsequences
You want us to have more sugar and terrible health care. WHYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!
You know what else huts the US badly? Losing health insurance.
That one originates with the democrats & stupid Americans who approved it. Take over of healthcare to go to one payer system. No more
Did you tell them 18,000 times during negotiations that you were building a wall and that they are paying for it? Did they laugh at you? yes
Sweeeeeeet 
t'ai un taré mon type
特朗普亲共！失望
Great we have a sugar deal.  Now how about a Syria strategy?
#ToddlerInChief
Be my Suger Daddy.
Thank GOD you fixed the sugar-trade problems in this country. How would we ever survive without you??
It’s more funny because your last name is SHUGAR. 
But what isn't funny is 22 million people losing access to healthcare.
There's no sugar in that.
Just for the rich.
Healthcare is a privilege for the rich, not a right for the poor. They can just die. No sugar for you!
Liberal nutjob. A doctor, really?
Eff the sick child or veteran... save the sugar! Wow! And to think you actually posted that as an accomplishment.
Oh noes more sugar means more dmg to teeth, which means more costs for Healthcare. STOP THE SHOOGARR-DEAL!
And the sugar addiction will raise too
You're hurting the U.S. badly.
Still no tweet on your fake Time covers! No double you will blame an over zealous minion but as usual the cheating and lies are down to you!
You need sugar in your life. Your a lemon 
- Sweet 
How you gonna get that sugar over your wall? #IdiotInChief #ForeignPolicyViaTwitter
Love you Trump!! About time America has a business man stand up for the US!!
Glad you are ignoring all the left's bull & working to #MAGA as promised. Like children they don't know what's good for our country.  
You have no conception of sentence structure
You're going to see results right away folks. The price of Sugar is going to plummet. It will be way more available & in more things. YUM!
YOU hurt the US badly! Nothing worse for your great Nation than you as Potus! Resign!
That which has been seen, can't be unseen... but it can be shared...
First you get the sugar, then you get the power, then you get the women...
How are you getting it past the wall you are building??
Sure, Mr President. I was just thinking that the one issue we should solve in the US was that sugar thing.

Wait. That was income inequality


We are being lied to people !!!!   Look, in 1990 twice as much $ was spent on HC and it was only 12% of the GDP !!!!  It's smoke and mirrors
STOP TWEETING
@ilazer thank you for constantly saying what everyone is thinking!
Too many lawyers and doctors in D.C.......P.S. I can guarantee that doctors don't know dip about economics...Not even their own..
This was a negotiation. Not an imposition, good job for once.
Your travel ban guidelines say "close family" doesn't include nieces, nephews, grandparents or fiancés? 

What he hell is wrong with you?
Calm down. It's for 90 days
But...but...how will you get it over the wall?
December 17th 1903 the Wright brothers flew the first flight in Kitty Hawk, NC. Since then we have been transporting goods by airplane.

Looks like you won't be crossing then
Ahuh huh - good one. Take a bow then back to work.
You set yourself up for that one love :) sorry
'love'. No worries honey :)
Sweet LOL #MAGA
Sounds like a "sweet" win for America and our ally!
Thank you for being such an amazing negotiator!
Build that wall!
Then how will the sugar get here?
Through a big beautiful gate
Couldn't anyone and anything go through that gate?
Give it a try jackass.. see what happens! 
@CaliConsrvative #WINNING
The only thing Trump has been wrong about so far is that we would get sick of winning so much. Not sick yet!
I can't wait to vote for you, again!
then I apologize in advance for your inevitable crushing disappointment. really, sorry there.
7 months in, and I love that he's keeping his promises.
So wheres the wall?
I look forward to your whining tweets when the wall starts construction.
and when if it never does, I'll laugh my @ ss off at your expense.
ThanksNowBuildWallsBothBoarders& ARREST obama's, clinton's...soros NOW. BringTroopsHomeToDeportAllInmuslim TerroristCampsHere.DepAntifaLedrs
Sounds great Sir....making America GREAT again!! 
Sounds great? Who are you? Millions losing HC, and you applaud sugar deal! Probably fake sugar!
HC is not free! Get a job or move! We are done paying for others!
Retweet all you want! Reality is you will, I will continue to pay until laws change, so sad, so sorry! I don't like it either!
LOOR TRUMPPER SI MIS MAZACUATES ESTAN FUERA DE CONTROL OAXACA ES POR LOS SAQUEADORES QUE LOS ATURDEN @AlemaniaMx R.E.A
Sir, you should see the devastation done to Marion County, South Carolina. Between NAFTA & today should be a crime. Bad!
TODOS SABEMOS QUIEN ES EL KASYKE AQUI EN MEXICO @AlemaniaMx TODO QUIEREN NADAMAS FALTA QUE ME FOLLEN @jennettemccurdy LOV
You do know we grow sugar in the US.  More jobs sold overseas.
Mexico is awesome. Don't fuck around with my original Margarita
Funny how when our President is respected by world leaders--instead of laughed at like Obama--deals start getting done. Well done!  #MAGA
How is it possible for you to tweet from a parallel universe?
Best tweet I've read in a while.
Are you serious? We have become the laughing stock of the world? Trump is a huge embarrassment.
@Stephanieelting So he laughin stock BC U talked to people of the entire world must didn talk to many Americans cus They Voted Him President
umm most americans voted for someone else. you know that right?
Who ever puts hate in the lives of children hearts , I fear what God would do to them ! @Stephanieelting
their best interests
Tell Mexico we don't want their illegals nor their sugar. Sugar is very bad for any diet. Just look around at all the fat folks
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which h...
#FakeNews was right again.
Mexican Pres told Trump that theyre not paying, &Trump only cared about hiding the truth!
#FakeNews was right again.
Mexican Pres told Trump that theyre not paying, &Trump only cared about hiding the truth!
https://goo.gl/A8dmmM 
Make a wall.of sugarcane.
Except US hasn't been hurting badly in recent years so how, exactly, do you justify that statement?
Are you thinking of the great sugar shortage of 2015 that happened shortly after the Bowling Green Massacre?
Are you going to stiff Mexico like you do your contractors and use the sugar profits to pay for a wall no sane person wants?
BUILD THAT WALL AND SCREW THE LIBERAL TALKING POINTS! All they DID was allow for CRIME, DRUGS & DISEASE 2 B Brought in ILLEGALLY by #BO!
lol no one is building the wall. Your REPUBLICAN SENATORS didn't put it in the budget.
Not a Problem there's enough of a WORK FORCE Ready to BUILD IT :) Called the AMERICAN HEARTLAND where WE THE PEOPLE MATTER, U Not so Much!
You're going to work for free, using your own materials/equipment? Hope you're all independently wealthy or you'll have to rely on gov asst
Amazing what ur TAX DOLLARS will buy & after #MOOCH & #BO spent millions on FREE TRIPS & Ciphoned 1 Trillion per yr for 8 yrs WE CAN AFFORD!
Did you tell them they are paying for a wall to be put I ll bet you didn't tell them let's see how long before they play you and back out
Can I ask what made you go from supporting Trump to not?
If you have to ask you'll never figure it out yourself, that's sad. Watch the news it's not fake news it's true news. I'm sick of him lying
But DONALD where is the wall ????? are you actually going to DO anything in office ??? I mean really , Americas First Twitter President ?
But according to you Mexico is bad, build a wall...  Any deal you make involves money in your pocket.
Although sugar is bad for you
So you bent over for Mexico. LMAO. No que no. Lol
I understand Pennsylvania isn't very pleased with your deal, might want to think about your 2020 constituents
That wall going to be made out of sugar?
What happened to usa first
Sounds like a sweet deal
if only the media would cover this sort of thing.
At least if diabetics can't get quality healthcare, they can get sugar.
Like we can believe anything you say.
A deal that would have a win- win situation is good for both parties involved.
You know your place!
Where are your taxes
@IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump
You have NO clue what you're doing, do you Donald?  None.  It is SO SAD to be you.
You hurt US bigly.
u praise mexico and then lowkey talk shit bout them all in 1 tweet, and those bitches say men cant multi task
What deal is that?? That the illegals are going to build the wall and we are going to pay them dirt cheap?? Americans need  jobs smh
Where did you hear that?
Keep up the good work! So happy I gave you my vote!
Every deal you've ever done has failed, ended in bankruptcy, hurt families. Why should we trust anything you do or say? Liar, liar.
That is 4 multinational deals cancelled and a bilateral deal for sugar made. Yes we are a bit sick of winning already.
I wonder what you personally got out of the deal? #loser #selfish #cantwaittilyouregone
Keep up the good work.
Why would you get sugar for Mexico when you got Hawaii
You've lost your last ounce of credibility. When you Tweet it's just more lies, intimidation, bullying and childish behavior from senility.

Wake up every day thanking god you are my president.
Whew, I can sleep now knowing that sugar deal is done. You'll have plenty of sweets to keep you fat buddy
Didn't know we had a sugar shortage.
Dude...don't speak.  Seriously...I know sugar is so very important to both of our economies... but, not now man please.
They paying for that wall yet
U mean for the U.S company us the ppl still going to get screw they r going to buy the sugar at .23 cents per ton how much we going to pay
20% Tarriff on Manufactured goods from Mexico will increase US jobs today.
Sweet deal making Donald, you da man!
The sugar from Mexico is tainted with DDT which is illegal in the US. That's why US never imported sugar from Mexico.
That's great. That's all that the United States needs is more, cheaper sugar
You are rediculous.
This is amazing news!!!
Did no sugar deal hurt all the people who are just dying to get diabetes or to just be obese like you ?

Sweet deal for our lovely America
Yippie Yippeee Ondelay!
what makes you think I take ANYTHING toy say at face value? YOU are A Liar and a Thief  Show me the contract I can read! 
What is the sugar bill?
Sounds good to me!
Sweet. :P
what happen to the wall?


#jobsjobsjobs right #kingdonald #cuntykelly the only thing you create is instibility and embarressment.
You hate Florida agriculture don't you? I'm not a fan of Big Sugar but damn! First lemons, now sugar? No lemonade 
Why make a deal build your f'ed up wall
What was that other thing that hurt the U.S. so badly?

Oh yea, it was you and your presidency.
You want sugar?With Mexico?With rapists?Man you're high on** But it hurt you badly.Keep building that wall & lose some of that fat,Bloatus.
Did they pay for the wall yet??
Thank you President Trump!
That's the best thing he can negotiate? Sugar?  Something we shouldn't even have
Sugar!! Really! You are SO out of touch!
LIAR LIAR LIAR. FAKE NEWS AGAIN. PLEASE STOP.
The are millions of arces from Texas to Carolinas to Florida idel could be growing our own suger jobs for Americans
Thank you to the administration for the help. Mexico has been cheating the old deal for far too long
Liar ! Can you tell the truth
Bat shit crazy Trump. American embarrassment!
And no one has heard about this because of your dumb TWEETS. STOP IT!!!!
Yea I have had a really really hard time finding sugar nincompoop.
THANKS SIR!!
Do SOMETHING, ANYTHING Presidential!
STOP TWEETING LIKE A 15yo girl!
America doesn't care about your prostitutes
Another lie. Absolutely not 1 fact .Trll your base pigs will fly & they believe you
Guess you can take another golf vacation?
A sugar deal is just what we need to go w ur healthcare bill! U using ur brain now Mr prez
I thought you hated the trade deficit between us and Mexico? Or did your small snowflake brain forget?
Sweet
#NoBanDvLottery2017
It completely fails to address the high price of sugar that we have in America today.
Thank you Donald.  You are amazing. America first is working.  #MAGA

The reason you blocked Cuba. What is your cut from Mexico?
Will someone get this man a damn thesaurus?
https://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=news&id=1935 
Great leaders don't need to brag, and are  respectful of everyone's opinions.  Nobody respects a bully, a liar, or a tyrant.
Why do you talk like your audience is five years old? "Bad", "Sad", "Big"
Mage potus
All the GMO that Americas can get huh!
Exactly what America needs.  More, cheaper sugar.
Maybe Mexico can afford to pay for your wall now?
SWEET!! 
Don't you mean Bigly?
Please explain how it hurt US badly, I'd like to understand that. Mexico sure exports many produce items to the grocery industry in the USA.
All the Americans saying how this country needs more sugar! Jeesh thanks! You know that GIANT sugar shortage and everything *sarcasm*
God bless you sir..
We will have to start calling you our Sugar Daddy. Right @StephenAtHome
Finally, America will no longer suffer from a lack of sugar.
Yeah looks like you should have made a deal for SPLENDA!
KEEP eating sugar!
Now, about that wall or have you lost interest in it?
You know what would be a sweet deal.. you out of the WH and in prison where you belong. BIGLY LOSER
Great work!
Duh, Trump did you forget about our established trades like NAFTA and TPP?
