The Musslimbas just need being kept at bay in this area of America. At least that's what I'm fearing ...
Protest this @MMFlint ! Protest more jobs coming to your precious MI, jerk!
Michigan deplorables don't claim him
#Russiagate #EmolumentsClause #Taxes #25thAmendment #Quebec #Yemen  #Flynn #KellyanneConway #Mercer
Not true. Not because of Trump policies. Deal was in the works waaay before Trump campaign. #shameondonald
VERY VERY GOOD
PRESIDENT @POTUS44 
OBAMA IS STILL PRESIDENT
ARE U GIVING OBAMA CREDIT
ONLY 1 PRESEDENT AT A TIME
excellent, now Mr trump work on lowering labour costs. basic economics, mexican made car cost lower than US made ones.
How stupid do...should...his supporters feel now?!? 
@TeamTrump @DanScavino The Clinton foundation Rico thrown at them
wait and see.
Our country is so hungry for prosperity again even you will be impressed with your many success!
That's better We do not need them Gasoline motors damaged our weather. We'll Go-Green instead Green-Go.
order #Ford 1500 acres in Ohio near Route 224 btw #Findlay and I-71

#Kasich refused to listen!
Oooops. #ChangeOfPlans 
TRUMP IS A HABITUAL LIARS.HE TAKES CREDIT FOR EVERYTHING. HE CAN TAKE CREDIT FOR RIGGED ELECTION. LIAR
THIS IS TRUMP'S 'FAKE NEWS
' 'FACT' TRUMP HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH FORD BUILDING IN MICHIGAN
Good for Ford guess they could see a lot of Americans not buying their cars from Mexico-Go Trump
Well put a free Escape in my driveway White exterior, light colored leather heated seats and a moonroof. Thx.
fake news,that's a lie you want to take credit for,their plans had nothing to do with you,you phony 
where's your taxes
WoW goof news 
Trump taking credit for something he did notttttttdo
@Ford #BoycottFORD
Oh please stop blowing your own horn....u had nothing to do with it.
How much are you paying them to do this?
And how did you stop the plant from happening. Oh wait you did nothing. Interesting.

te vas a acusar con el CHAPO GUZMAN  para que nos defienda de ti.

nothing like false reporting about Ford?!

liar 
taking credit for other people's work again. Disgraceful !!!!
@DanScavin   No Donald, you are incorrect, they are scratching their heads questioning TWEET?? policy??
LOL...you're kidding, right? The garbage occasionally get picked up in NYC, wanna take credit for that, too?
What part of Michigan? Windsor CA?
NOW LET GO GET ( EAGER PITCHER BUILDERS) THAT LEFT FROM LUBBOCK,TX TO MEXICO , SIR
- this isn't because of you.
Ford is in !! Chevy Cruz is out !!
Thank you for helping are people President Trump.
y
You don't have a policy dude!!!
To be fair the UAW need to be reasonable their salary's & benefits are unreasonable & out of control!
Thank you for setting fire to the hides of many!  This Country had finally wakened up. They've been sleep for far too long!
job well done.  keep up good work
Bull crap!  You had nothing to do with this.  A true narcissistic sociopath.
Are the Unions supporting you , yet ?
Ford execs, while they are bullish on your possible policies, made their decision due to what they are manufacturing
I've got scrap in the Arabian Gulf deserves to stand with him and think about how we use
ANOTHER TRUMP LIE FROM THE BALLCHINIAN:
#go Trump
no seas envidioso hijo
For should make again the Ford Ranger to update trucks
liar
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-stiffs-builders-5-million/ …
but not because of you, business conditions drove the change
Mark Fields, said “We didn’t cut a deal with Trump, We did it for our business.” U did nothing, take ur meds, fall asleep
lol. This one got ya burnt
10000 Jobs lost because of Trump at Macys.  Why not save them. Crony Capitalism at its worst.
You should declare dying areas like DETROIT Special Industrial Zones with good tax rebates and unions banned.
Read the reports - it had nothing to do with your tweet.
More and more Americans want Trump to be President. Demo's and Rino's all against him. Replace them.
what policies ?
Probably because you act the same way as a 3 year old. When you don't get your way you throw a fit.
Fox News! 
BS
B.S. another lie...
bullshit...do you believe the lies you tell...are you listening to yourself donny?

What happened to the Tenn plant ? I thought they were going to build in Tenn ?
Not what Ford said! Narcissist! Get Help ASAP!
Truly making America Great Again%%
So you say.........braggart.
one way that Mexico is paying for the WALL
we know this is a bunch of crap
and there goes another 1.6 billion from the stock market and money taken away from those with FORD stocks
what's your plan to create sustainable growth Donald? How much time do you have to shake down folks?
Bullshit donald.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/01/04/the-real-reason-ford-abandoned-its-plant-in-mexico-has-little-to-do-with-trump/?utm_term=.4b6e58b2c5a5 …
Uhmmmm, no
GM was going to leave Canada for Mexico not now. Trump policy is making a bigger better effect than you may think.
"making" an effect? Do you mean "having" an effect? Fucking learn something. Anything.
not your policies. The market, not you.
You are delusional
] that's exactly what we need to improve our economy in USA, also returning the field worker to do the harvests.
PE Trump has done more for Michigan that fatso ever has.
Ford is adding 700 jobs to the 28,000 jobs created in the last 5 years. Good job Obama Admins. for the 28K!!!
So what was the bribe?  They don't have to pay taxes if they stay in the U.S.?  So how do you pay for expenses?
you are crazy it's confirmed
Ford will sell a lot of vehicles this year guaranteed!!
Uhh, no. More 2 the story. Nice try
Glad Ford is staying in the USA, I was never going to Purchase a FORD, but now I may on my next purchase.
Quit lying, companies don't make changes overnight. Hybrid pivot in works awhile.
Talk about biased journalism. 
https://youtu.be/t7PM9kwFwnc 
Ford
Was
Never
Leaving
The 
US
and when will you be moving production of your junk from China to the US? #doasIsaynotasIdo
Stop lying! It's embarrassing & getting really old. #NeverMyPresident
Liar!
a chingar a su madre de Mexico
According to Ford CEO you had NOTHING to do with it lol
what policies?
let's keep all our factories in America for the American people so we can work and get off welfare
Now let's fund training classes in the MI schools so they graduate with a HS diploma and a job at Ford!
What a colossal joke. It's 700 jobs. Fox News and Trump make it out to be "saving Michigan". Good god.
more like threats and intimidation
Not Due to You
So full of yourself Trump....fullofbullshit
yeah, right. Saving American jobs? Give me a break.
Carrier says it will spend millions of tax $ automating Indiana plant, 
plans to lay off 730 workers Trump ‘saved’ http://tinyurl.com/jfwpxeu  
Policies? Ha! More like economic nepotism.
woo hoo Ford is here --now you can help out those families with 6 kids in them and are religious and non bigot
y'all misspelled "Trump tweets from yesterday"
Only Fox says that
BULLSHIT!!
saving 700 jobs here but displacing 2500 jobs abroad. Making relationships with foreign nations poor
#hypocrite you drive foreign cars!! Rolls-Royce (UK), Lamborghini Diablo (Italy), Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren (Germany)
they should scrap the Mexico project and build here in the USA
published by fox.....I think I'll wait until it's reported by a real news station.
THE OBAMA NATIONAL DEBT IS HIS LEGACY!  What a horrific deed! More debt than all Presidents combined.
Finally! AMERICANISM TRUMPS GLOBALISM!!!
made in China
"Trump policies" its called threats and huge tax breaks that will hurt the economy eventually. #liar
blackmailed.
Actually, it seems they decided to stay close to their engineers. 
#UniteBlue @cspanwj #humor
Hog spittle by the Prez-appoint. The impact of PBO's long-term pro-growth agenda will continue for years.
you mean to tell me he said something that wasn't hog spittle?  There is hope...
What was your role in this deal again since it was already worked out before you claimed credit for it
we finally got somebody on the job thank you
Of course, when you threaten companies with taxes, they will choose the lesser evil.
I am very sure that the bailout did not have anything to do with that at all according to you.
Wikileaks exposed DNC and Clinton Foundation collusion,  
rather not Russians nor any other State -
Assange told FoxNews.
BTW Most Govt's do Cyber-Spying since Y2K and Internet, nothing new.
, Sit DOWN Donnie...
THIS IS NOT YOURS TO TRY TO TAKE CREDIT FOR.
The Trump Effect, Indeed!
Macy's closing 60 stores. Sears closing 160. Take credit for that. As u had nothing to do with 2
Good for Ford! More Jobs for America!  Thank you Trump! Keep on keeping on!
wroonng,!!!!
liar
this could be the dawn of a new era; the end of globalism.
Not because of you.  When are you and your daughter's jobs coming to America?
This had nothing to do with you. You can't take credit for things you had nothing to do with.  #tweeterinchief #medicatehim
naaaah gas prices are low thanks to obama so no need to build small cars for now
@ Mr.Trump please ask our citizens to buy more american products it will create more jobs and boost  for our economy too
@trbrad62 @DanScavino @FoxNews where are all those Highly Educated liberal Twitter trolls LOL there you are
@trbrad62 @DanScavino @FoxNews I wonder how the cry-baby loser Twitter trolls are going to spend this into a bad thing
@trbrad62 @DanScavino @FoxNews great job Don making America great one company at a time
Bravo Ford!
Do you know what policies mean? with that little peanut size brain of yours? Look it up
Trump has no policies.
wrong - ford has already made a statement about this.
go ford and trump!!
#fakenews
hey Donald stop tweeting and get your republicans under control!!! They apparently don't believe anything you say
your republicans think your campaign promise to leave SS, Medicare and Medicare alone is bunk and you are their puppet
read the quote from ford##. Amazing how you take credit for things you have no responsibility for
or maybe due to business decisions that have nothing to do with VonClownstick....

@PussyBowBitch1 @DanScavino @FoxNews 
KEEP TWEETIN BABY!!!!
Another big lie!  Ford CEO even said --in that article --it had nothing to do with election!  #NoMoreLies
and this had nothing to do with you
Pure bully boy tactics more like
Purely your success. Media just can't take it. Haha.
#Trump had NOTHING to do with this! #liar #FakeNewsChallenge #fakenews
Obama was more interested in helping BLM disrespect are P.O. than helping them get jobs.
welcome development
Keep it up! Thank you!
BULLSHIT
