i wish i lived in the UK
What’s keeping you here?  Go ahead nd leave
Was that an attempt at an insult?
One man with a GOP/NRA supported arsenal, killed more people in Las Vegas in an hour than terrorism in Britain in the last decade.  Safe?
This is what happens when the people are disarmed and not allowed the God-given right to defend themselves.  Criminals in the UK wait for people to be home so they can have purses to rob. They know guns won't be found to greet them.
Wait till @realDonaldTrump reads about the #TelfordGrooming. Child Rape Jihad in cities all over the UK.

So why the UK politicians are still promoting and protecting Radical Islam? No one will be safe as long as EU/UK are standing by these guys!
OK, I'll bite. Is  "radical islamic terror" responsible for all the mass shootings? Was that autistic kid in Florida a muslim?
@jack @Twitter 

This is not in the public interest. This is hate speech.

Why is this account still active?
How is reading statistics hate speech?
Name one statistic that was quoted. Just one.
Learn how to read.
What is the difference? Perhaps, an armed people?
To all the yanks listening, the British people are fed up of what has allowed to become of this country.  DO NOT believe the so called anti-Trump rhetoric, hes more than welcome here 
Specifically in the Capital London.. 
That is what the British Citizens get for electing a muslim mayor..
Is there any real British citizens left in London?
That is likely lower than the rise of the christian crime rate in the US w/the spread of radical christian terrorism here.
Please don't confuse Christians with radical fundamentals. What an insult to Christians.
For any Americans that may notice my tiny obscure response amongst the thousands pouring in. This is a lie. We are currently having a debate about crime and police figures and different survey results but it is nothing like your President is making out.
Tell it to the Telegraph, pal:
Really dont believe that london could be more dangerous that just seems in unbelievable.  The is more people with gins on wall street thst in thr whole city of london
What religion was the Las Vegas shooter ? #ArseBiscuit
Radical Atheism.
My American friends, stop tweeting and face booking and get of you bums and get rid of guns.
Thank you. Many of us are. And we voice our disdain here. Try fighting the NRA yourself or just be quiet.
Sources never verified..

You might want to read this and other whole articles before posting a headline.

This fat racist white pig picks on Muslims, who are among the most law abiding, well educated and successful Americans, whenever he’s close to being caught in one of his criminal investigations.  This will not do.
Keep up the good work, Mr. President!
Then you'd better start in Michigan.. It's getting bad out here and I never, ever want to have to shoot anyone..
Labour loser ed mulaband called you a moron, because you won’t exept cultural Marxism, he couldn’t care less about Britain, he just wants to divide and rule
Sadiq Kahn is responsible for the neglect The worst Mayor ever
Donald, you are either totally misinformed or an out and out liar. Which is it?
Dear @FarmerFunky, you're being illogical.
There is absolutely no reason why @realDonaldTrump shouldn't be both misinformed *and* an out and out liar.
WELL YOU ARE DOING A SHIT JOB MATE!
https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/women-fight-vicious-street-brawl-11933111Friends … of one of the women can be heard shouting "f****** bury her" as the pair were seen punching, biting and hair-pulling in a busy shopping street in broad daylight
The rise in crime is due to Conservative cuts to policing, cuts to benefits, low wages, high rents, a failing economy, and a tyrannical Prime Minister.
You’re right. It’s too dangerous here in the UK. You’re far better off and safer in the US. Why don’t you stay there and NOT visit us later in the year?
Divide and rule
Eejit. You get more killed in Las Vegas than the U.K. has had killed by terrorists in ten years......
Is that little voice in your head telling you fibs again. We are so much safer than the USA. We don't run around with guns like mad men.
Or you could do something about it?
Moronic liar. Why? What's the point?  Anyone can easily find out the truth. You've done this your entire life, dude, and it is truly pathetic.
You really are completely nuts, a
toxic assh*le, and an embarrassment to our nation.
Then no DACA. Look at the crimes they commit!

then do all of america a favour and resign.
Cite your sources.

lol it will never be safe as long as an idiot is taking over the whitehouse
Duh
Okkkkkk
HUGE Concern: muslims infiltrated USGovt, judiciary, police/military, schls, etc! CAIR+MB openly involved in public policy+law-R assoc w/Hamas! LindaSarsour of women's march, assoc w/CAIR, MB+Hamas, as is her fam in Palestine, actively pushes 4sharia in US! #BanSharia #BanIslam
Precisely why must stop bringing in Muslim refugees/send those here back2 their country ASAP! Heard there R jihadi training camps+mosques in US-must B raided, shut down+every1 involved deported! There R also "muslim no go zones" ie Michigan need 2opn up!
The crime rate is rising because our police forces are being cut you thick cunt
yes! let’s start impeachment procedures!

Because your ally & friend Saudi Arabia are sponsoring ISIS and destabilizing middle East and promoting Wahab Islam in Europe
you say this right.
#crimcon ??
It is not discrimination to keep out ppl who would hurt  not just anyone is coming in my home or around my family is our home also and needs guarded from all that would hurt her FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC
you're a professional tweeter what would you know 
If only we in the UK had a leader like Trump. Looking out for us.
Just out Dem going to get you impeached and lock up you and your son for teason
This does not sound right!
Agreed
It’s sad we not only must fight  illegal immigration, but also the liberal left who care more about illegal voters who will vote for their liberal policies  than they do about  citizens’ freedom policies.
correct...the UK is finished
Do you know what Trump means in the U.K. Potus?
& yet more people died in Vegas than in the UK in 10 years! And it was a white guy who killed all of those innocent people!!
Report this incitement of religious hatred.  This must be removed.
Breaking NEWS!!!!!
How about gun control into the mix sir. I understand it wouldn't be popular. What do you want to be remembered for?
We need less restrictions on our civil rights not more restrictions on our civil rights
We Support You 100 % To Get Rid of This Cancer In Our Society, These People Are Anything But Peaceful ! They Will Never Adapt To Our Culture
In fact You Honour, you must keep an eye on every Muslim in US of A. All of them should be put into a special category of Security. Their Social Security Number & Passport shall be marked. Amen.
You suck
Thank you for calling it what it is, unlike @BarackObama. RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR.
Trump do you so research? That's all crime not just Islamic crime. Also how much have gun massacres soared in recent years in the US? Hmmmm
Thank you President Trump!
No one believes you anymore
STAND WITH Tom. Impeach Trump
this trump so stupid im triggered
Lol! Love it!!
Stop Immigration
No DACA
No reunification
Only breeds more terror!
Yes we must!!!
Of all the murders in the US in 2012, 60% were by firearm compared with just 10% in the UK. -BBC News
The # of gun murders per capita in the US in 2012 was nearly 30 times that in the UK, at 2.9 per 100,000 compared with just 0.1. -BBC News
Americans are 10 times more likely to be killed by guns than people in other developed countries, a new study finds.  -CBS News, 2/3/2016
How’s that going for you Don??? Just if everyone had a gun,yesterday’s attack could have been prevented......oh hold on a sec!!!!!
how ignorant U R 1.4million Americans have died in domestic shootings since 1968...more than US soldiers killed in all wars
Lies
He would if people weren't so ignorant. Let him do his job the way he needs to stop crying over Hillary's loss & give him a chance to do it
I wish the Dems wanted this as much as they want to stop you from making America great again. Drain the swamp it smells
जय हो।मोदी जी की।
Just out REAL report. A UK 13% crime rate increase in SOME areas which shown NO connection with immigration at all.
Maybe you should worry about your own gun-wielding country
WE DON'T TRUST ISLAM, KORAN OR THE HADITH! THEY CAN GO BACK FROM WHERE THEY CAME FROM.
Who has the right & power to take control and keep America and Americans safe. Who’s responsibility is it and who can we trust to protect us
We need justice and enforce safety for all Americans and no one or small majority of obstructionist should control the degree of our safety
Manhattan attack and blood shed is the fault of people liked Judge Derrek Watson. The blood is on your hands. How will you sleep night. Evil
Get Hawaii Judge Derrek Watson removed. Latest attack and lost of life is his fault and those like him that are against the travel ban.
BS says Kilroy
Love to know where you get your facts
The only way to do that is to get rid of you! You are so unqualified and putting us in real danger please just quit
We need all alien, illegal or not, that have criminal histories or ties to radical Islam out of our country yesterday!!
prove it.  or is this more of your #fakenews ????
More truth about radical Islam thank you Mr. President keep pushing back for us please
Could you say something more moronic? Stop preaching hate

And let me guess, we should all have guns to keep ourselves safe.
wo'm'
@realDonaldTrump has killed more Americans than any one.
Then you, Pence, Ryan, McConnell, Ivanka, Jared, & most of your administration should resign. Then we'll feel safe.
Donald  Shame on you!!
Where are you getting your numbers..X files. Haha
Please provide source(s) for your data.  Or will that require a doctor with a flashlight?
This is incorrect., please lead by example, you should take time to read the report thoroughly - shame on u
We need to stay focused on our home front. Europe is getting paid back for not vetting incoming
Radical Islam is an epidemic mental disease! 
When pandemics and outbreaks occur we quarantine to prevent the spread.
Thank You Mr President
Nonsense!
Just out: wee donny trumpling trembles. Not good. Keep America safe and impeach the dumpling.
呵呵
Is this you made up facts or the true facts.
Close the borders to all people not completely screened and allow religion other than islam into schools. We were a Christian country once
Simply a lie. 13% reported increase was mainly in driving offences and fraud. https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/crimeandjustice/bulletins/crimeinenglandandwales/june2017#main-points …
WRONG
The irony of calling him a liar when you are lying!
Violent crime has rapidly increased at a steady rate for the last 4 years.  

Are you lying to yourself or just everyone else???

VIOLENT CRIMES are not up 13%...  They are up 19%
Why bother posting shit you haven't read?
TWITCHCON
Bush once said: "America has no truer friend than Great Britain."
You disrespect Britain and Bush by ignoring Britain's need for help!
Or maybe help one of our closest, most powerful allies.
Mr President, go easy on North Korea,they have a secret nuclear weapon the world knows nothing about,God above protect n give wisdom 2u SOG.

Where the fuck did u get that "report" @Fox News? Don't u mean "keep America pure" u bigoted toady #LyinMoron
As much as they fight you for it I respect everything you're doing and thank you every day keep up the good work 
Are you crazy? No need to answer, this is a rhetorical question! Can you spell rhetorical?
We can't live in your imagined fear
Keep America safe "IMPEACH TRUMP"

We must keep America safe. I agree! So please leave (since you are another form of a terrorist).

Thanks.
Therr is no radical Islam, there is only Islam
Incorrect
Don't knock our friends , help them. They would and do for us
Fact check this. You do not understand data.
No, it does not.
It's still Chinese security! I'm happy.

What! No
But did the UK have one white man shoot 600 people in one night?
So, are you daft? No, and that is part of the point!!! DUH!!!!!!
>10000 deaths per annum in the US due to gun crime. 25 x higher than other high income nations!
In light of the massacre in Vegas, I think you should get you should get your own house in order before you criticise other countries!
Go to bed Don, you’re tired. 
You are just dumb, dont you think?
Is this a parody acount no damn its real
please resign now

.Muslims during Ramadan supporting Grenfell victims vs Trump supporters
Muslims murdering people during Ramada, VS Trump supporters being attacked...
Definately not Trump supporters.
Funny how there's all sorts of brown, black and Asian nazis you guys keep attacking...

helo donald trump
CANNOT TRUST CHINA! NOR RUSSIA
BARRY & HILDY LET N TERRORIST ON PERSON! THEY R HERE! STOP GIVING OUR GUNS TANKS ETC TO MIDEAST WILL & PLAN TO USE ON US!
LOCK OUR BORDERS HUNT OUT JIHADIST CELLS -SEND THEM ALL BK!! SCREW DACA TAKE CARE OF OUR OWN!! BUILD THE WALL DRAIN THE SWAMP
IDIOT
629 Murders in the UK pop 56 Million, 758 Murders in Chicago , pop 2.1 Million for 2016 . I know where I would prefer to live #fakestats
Why? Because of massive amounts of guns in the US!!!! The NRA lies!
You are such a warm and fuzzy liberal!

inaccurate
Huh.  Wonder why that is...  you behind that too?
Rigt
Our country will be much safer when your presidency ends!!
We first have to get you gone too keep America safe, because the valiant things that goes on is your favorite
This is unrelated... but please watch the documentary Merchants of Doubt
time to deport!!!!!
It would be safer if you weren't promoting hate and loving the Nazis.  There is more crime against  people in the US by people of the US.
UK says sit down and be quiet
Yeah we do! But from what I see you doing, that's not going to happen any time soon is it!!
Waghorn is simply a public assett for wealthy highly connected government terrorists in Washington DC. Fact. #checkable#trackRecord#blatant
There is no radical Islam, there is only Islam.
Factually correct despite Millibands whinging. Misleading maybe if "amid" is not understood.
who will keep America safe from you though????????????
Better add them to the Travel Ban.  No need to check credibility of the report.  Just Ban!  Lol
Isn't it common to actually name the report you're citing?

WAKE UP U FOOLS!! OBAMA HATES U HATES USA HE IS THEE SON OF LUCIFER! CRACK A BIBLE READ REV 13RFID CHIP MARK OF BEAST!! ASK GOD HE WILL SHOE
@Jamesdemuth3 AMEN. GREAT TWEET. WILL DRAMATICALLY RAISE BLOOD PRESS. IN MANY LIB LEFT DEMWITS.
America would be a lot safer if you would get the hell out!!!!
What a liar.  Liar liar liar.
Deport all radicals. They disgust me
Besides you should keep your nose in your business and stop gossiping like a low life classless idiot and make believe that you can govern, sorry I forgot, that's exactly what you do, you make believe.
Deflection is all you know and you keep saying that and maybe you are one of them and are just making believe you are against them you hypocrite. If we look closer we can see the connection.
More outright #BULLSHIT from the #FAKEPRESIDENT #MORONINCHIEF
Nothing you say is correct.  POTUS IS A FUCKIN LIAR
Since your presidency there have been hundreds of domestic terrorist attacks and some of the most destructive natural disasters in history.
No refugees from M E.- only controlled immigration. No one should enter USA if they are enemies of individual freedoms. Must benefit nation
Thats right keep America safe.
Behind you.100 percent.
We must keep America safe!  Let's start that today!  #ImpeachTrump
