Let them KILL each OTHER they have no concept of the meaning of DEAD
Is this solution a wall, too?
You said the same shit back when it broke above 400. *Yawns*
Thank you, Mr. President! About time someone put that Mayor in his place. He needs to be in jail.
You are a true leader! Sanctuary cities are the polar opposite of Rule of Law! Our Constitutional Republic depends upon Rule of Law. #MAGA
Send federal funding to tear down overcrowded housing and schools and build better ones fit for white children.
I kinda wish you'd go to Chicago...
yes it's a problem but it doesn't change the fact your going down as the worst president in history of the united States.
It's absurd. It must be stopped!
And since Obama is from Chicago, it's his fault.
Everything the Democratic's have control over turns to escarpment!
#banPOTUStwitteraccount
Or we can try a little reform, just sayin.
Wow! That's alot! Your help is needed there
You should move there
Apologize
Right on.
Yes I agree it's now time to send the feds because it's seems that the liberal lunatics don't care about Chicago.
Why is Trump freaking out?

@WSJ just released intel agency reports that Russia SENT CLINTON'S HACKED EMAILS to Mike Flynn during election!
THIS IS THE STRONGEST EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION YET!
Go go twitter warrior boi
Go to bed & stay there!!.Ian
You're going to get impeached, Russian Puppet...
Why not go after the perps that support what's happening there. That's Wayne LaPierre and the NRA. Between them and IN lax gun laws it's sad
A battalion?
its not the guns killing people it is people killing people
Someone needs to they can't handle it themselves obviously
Stop the shootings in Chicago
D.C. Has more per capita. Do the math. Chicago is the third largest city in the country. Get some fact checkers.
Maybe you should have a immediate shut down of Chicago until you can figure out what the hell is going on
FAKE PRESIDENT
Proof, show the statistics.  It doesn't help you, the NRA, and other Right Wing Extremists have been calling for Violence.
Have you looked at Milwaukee?
What are you to go Trump go get them
Totally agree! He is the best president we ever had!
So you should ban guns
Bad guys still get them.
True. But we in Europe have less killings than you have WITH guns
Oh yeah?  How were those terrorists taken down?

While you're at it, tell your @VP to work on Indiana's gun laws to stop the flow of guns into Chicago. Thanks!
That's not how the guns are getting there
Yes it is
NRA members aren't the ones killing people over drug money
Super. But do the letters "NRA" appear in the tweets you're responding to? Nope. Thanks for sharing
Why don't you do some investigating on the poorly guarded train yards on the south side
And how the gangs have info when an unguarded shipment of weapons are sitting there and why those robberies NEVER are in the news.
Weapons shipments pass through Chicago all the time, the train yards get robbed often, the police keep it quiet.  It doesn't make the news
If you cared so much about people dying, you wouldn’t be pushing that sad excuse for a healthcare bill.
Lol. How do you find a way to tie that to EVERY. SINGLE. THING?
Because it fucking matters?
Did you know that more than 25 Million people lost their healthcare plan because Obamacare made it unaffordable?
And yet more Americans had insurance coverage  than at any other point in our history. Facts matter, dude.
Wow it's amazing that more people had something when the government forced them to pay for it...
I would rather government make people pay versus me paying 4 them via excessive rate increases YOY & they were finally slowing down.
I'm not even gonna have a conversation with you until that flag turns right side up
Yes
Judi why don't YOU suit-up and go solve the problem in Chicago.  You have a better idea of making Chicago great again?  Your one of those type wooses who comment but have not solutions to offer.  Sad life you must lead.
U don’t give a flying fuck about Chicago
How about you come visit Chicago.
How about you find ways to invest in the communities..into the youth!
Oh.. I forgot who I was talking to
He only likes traveling to his hotels and to pay visits to his buddy Putin overseas. Everyday Americans scare him.
Is that why he visited Louisiana during the flooding?
That was nice of him, except he wasn't president at the time.
Like I get what you mean, but I'm from Louisiana and he's really the only politician in recent years that gave a shit about our problems
@Hunter74Delta @CaliforniaFirst @TheRealTeeMarie @realDonaldTrump yep, that perception is why he won too. Thanks for sharing that w/me.
While Obama couldn't care less about us
I'm hearing that's how you feel, I respect your POV. I believe Obama cared, but there was a connection between Trump and  rural people.
Send Them. That's What They Need  Federal Help .  Now,  THAT'S A PRESIDENT *****
Don't forget Baltmore Yo.
You would think that people in Chicago would WAKE UP  and stop voting for liberal democrats.. they do nothing for the people no matter how many blacks are murdered..  IT IS REALLY SAD.
600 people have been murdered so far in 2017.  Most victims are African-Americans. Where is the outrage from the liberal media and liberals?
do it and get rid of Rham while you're at it!! Please.
Jerusalem is the capitol of Israel. So where is our embassy?? From 1999 to now.America was to put her embassy in Jerusalem.  Why the DELAY??
I think you are doing a fine job! Don't listen to all of these uninformed leftists!
That is Obama's home town with the toughest gun laws in the country.
We don't need more gun control we need to put the ones who break current gun laws in jail
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings i...
President Trump, I'm very glad that you are going to send help into Chicago since their mayor and city council don't seem to be trying very hard to take care of the mater of all of the killings. The people there should also stand against them not being protected from the killings
olda0
8
Gun crimes.  Simple solution: ban guns.  Done.
Chicago has the most restrictive gun laws in the country, and they have the most violence. Not sure that's the answer.
Banning guns is ALWAYS the answer.
It just takes guns away from law abiding people. Not criminals. Hell, I don't even like guns and I'm against banning them.
We don't have them in Britain.  Works great.
Sadly, the problem is an American cultural one, not a gun problem.
Guns are an American cultural problem.
I'd say moreso our romantacizing of violence as a culture in general, not the particular tool used. Guns don't fire themselves.
Time to act where the liberal democrats show they are inept. Our large cities have become liberal sanctuaries for murder and lawlessness.
You care? Stop siding with the NRA
And they have some of the most restrictive gun control in the USA, go figure. If you outlaw guns only the outlaws will have them.
But it clearly has nothing to do with your rollback of REASONABLE gun control, granting anyone and everyone access to guns. 
That is the failed Democratic party @ChicagosMayor brings lots of violence and death to states/cities like in #Chicago . Throw out Rahm!
My team and I are  praying for u! Thanks from the Chi #woundedcity #broken
Or you could pass better gun laws! You have been pushing violence since you started this bs. Own this shit! It's all your fault!
That's almost equal to your rapidly diminishing popularity both here and around the world.  Less than a third of Americans support you. SAD
20 agents.  That's it.  Why not just do nothing.  At least you could have lied and said it was insurmountable.
Thank u 45!!
Great Job! The Republicans and Democrats need to go as well! No support for our President no more...we vote them out!
Martial law? What a big f'ing surprise!
Yuck. You're gross
Corral the swamp El Jeffe
Please help stop robberies of guns from trains since apparently that's (at least reportedly) one way they get them.  God give you wisdom
Where is the help for FBOP?  We can be murdered on camera without penalty. U cut our staffing further?
Oh and your presidency.
Your sending Feds to Chicago? Maybe some JOBS, FOOD, FAIR WAGES, MEDICAL & other support would be a way to help Do u get 4 prisoners? Own1?
Arrest Emmanuel while there, and all His cohorts. I have a granddaughter in that he'll hole.
Time to send in the Army and Marines. Chicago is a war zone more dangerous than Syria.
WONDER WHY our last prez did NOTHING for his own homies??? 
THANK GOODNESS clean it up. Get rid of that good for nothing mayor
You need to be brave and change your gun law look at the Uk figures on gun crime!
Maybe fix the gun laws, that might make a difference 
@fr_higgins Pretty sad when our President has to clean up Barrack Hussein Obamas own hood that he neglected for 8 years.
Thank you, Mr. President, for acting on this. Chicago is my hometown. I am desperately wanting to move back there. Please end the violence.
Obama's boy, Rahm Emanuel, has done a hell-of-a-job turning Chicago into a hell-hole of murder & crime.  Our President to the rescue!
How many of them were CAUSED by the federal help YOU sent in? #jaggajasoos ? #jaagja #yasoja waise ta teri marzi  #INDIANdisneymovie #fam
Spotted on @tinder, Mr. President. #suddenlysingle #propaganda @teamtrace
People can not protect there self be cause of that void card law!have to have concealed weapon permit to even carry a gun on you!
THANK YOU @ChicagosMayor RAHM EMMANUEL FOR THE CREATION OF "RAHM-A-CIDES"
Didn't you already threaten this? Did the feds ever hit Chicago soil. No, your just using black bodies as a talking point. You don't care.
Why don't u leave the Feds home and just go by yourself. We would be more than happy to send you to the south side of Chicago unarmed!
I love you
Please help New Orleans! Landrieu is a disaster and he is looking for a pres bid! The crime is out of control! #maga
Easy to fix, if you really want to: work to curb poverty and establish a sensible gun control
More big government from "small government conservatives" lol why not send that money to Flint or TN or AR? Water and opioid crises rampant.
Blah-blah-blah, so what are you going to do about it.  Blah-blah-blah, doesn't fix it.
Maybe you need some gun control
Get families out first, Innocents first. Then fix the city. That's a #MAGA plan!
Damn, wait until you hear about how many people are killed in America at large due to guns. Talk about epidemic...
First thing that needs to be done is get Emmanuel out!
No bailouts though for state or  lawbreaking sanctuary cities!
That's DEM leadership for you
J
Took you long enough . Iraq and everywhere else then Chicago. Chance the rapper for President
And what are you going to do about the opioid epidemic? Your healthcare bill is fucked.
Dont diss Sessions he's good
Why don't you just get all the guns in America melted down in to new hair pieces for you Donald?
That's Obamas town. Took the guns from the legal owners so only the criminals have them. 
It is time. Only our Real President will make America safe again. T. Y.
Well this should be interesting lmao
That's great news.  What kind of help are you sending?  ..... Please send Betsy Devoss.  PLEASE.
Take a stand for TRUTH! "There is no such thing as race" Human Genome Project". Remove the race card from Democrats.
#25AmendmentNow Why don't you learn about the relationship to gun violence and conceal and carry laws
@realDonaldTrump many more cities with higher crime rate, you are just doing this to tweek Obama. You are such a baby, man up
You will help there but not to Michigan your fucking sad
Uhm new Orleans has higher stats ...
Obama's home city, he took "great" care of his people there, with all the power he had. Betrayal.
Great, suppress the criminals!
In the future my BURLEIGH Gun Control Method will solve about 90 percent of the GUN problems in America & BOY will U & Washh look stupid!
Good idea...
It's about time........
The Democrats are ok with that violence. Dont care about terrorism or illegal alien criminals on our streets! But they riot over your tweets
Maybe you should move to Chicago.
Illinois raises taxes again, don't waste any money on this state... it is doomed. @POTUS don't bail this state out, only prolong suffering
How many shootings were there in NY, Milwaukee, Miami, Houston, Boston, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Dallas, San Diego, and LA?
Sir only you can stop these senseless killings ...it's "Trump Time"
What have you done to support the city, county & state leaders & the people they serve.  What does Fed help mean? Do u even understand?

Gun laws stupid. We haven't got the balls to do anything about it
More dangerous than Afghanistan! It needs to b cleaned up. It's a black eye for America! MAGA Mr. President.
stop inviting the killings- we need better gun control murderer!
Crooked Chicago.
here doofus twins... learn something ...
That Plus 100 !  Gun Free Sanctuary Cities !  Illegal Aliens !  Fireworks To Camouflage The Sound Of Gunfire !
Great mayor they have there! What a joke!
You should go visit
if obama wants to help the US, he should start with his home state Chicago. He's people are killing each other.  Why is obama in S Korea?
You should live there
Keep up the good work Mr. President. We're rooting for you. #MAGA #lovemypresident
HBD Mr. President!
& yet still not stopping crime elsewhere & in more dangerous cities. Plz resign Sir.
We alp knew this was going to happen. The only thing dumo wants to do is Martial Law.
THEY NEED HELP.  IT WOULD REALLY HELP IF THEY GOT SOMEONE IN OFFICE WHO GAVE A DARN ABOUT THEIR OWN CITIZEN'S, TOO!
We are on track to again, have over a thousand citizens shot by police...but back our blue right? Even when they're mistrained.. #racist
Arm the upright, especially inner-city residents, add #StandYourGroundLaw and the rampant killing in #Chicago will end in a week.
They all want to shoot somebody, round them up and send them all, with their own weapons, to Syria.
@Shirley71743729  Thank you, The children in Chicago have suffered much to long,!
Actually, Mr. President, this is a second consecutive year of this carnage. Looong time.
@tommyshida the leaders of Chicago are the most corrupt and remember they told every illegal and criminal they R protected
How about you start with increasing education funding
YOU GOING TO DO THIS MONTHS AGO?
It's absolutely horrible here. Totally out of control. No respect for police or the law. Very sad considering it's such a beautiful city
Better recheck your info - or is that Fox info you're repeating - crime is down in Chicago. No thanks to you.
Put the IL capital building in Cicero... fix that shit on their own real fast then.
Gun violence is larger than one person. If YOU have info YOU must disclose info to ATF or FBI if lower law enf is not able to handle. PERIOD
Why don't you and your NRA handlers do somerging about guns?
Must mean there are too many guns on the streets.
Look at the Mayor of Chicago. Need I say more.
Thanks, Obama.
What can we expect from a state that is broken, corrupt, and in the midst of dissolving.
Suddenly,i found that I am proud of myself in China.Without guns,without pain .
OH BUT THATS RIGHT Clintons & Obamas are GOOD RIGHT??! YOU ARE ALL BAD U R NOT HELPING PEOPLE U R COLLECTING $$ 2 KILL US!!
You wouldn't even head to Chiraq to hold a rally.
Hey gun control idiots 2A isnt about self defense,it's about an armed citizenry being able to take down a tyrannical government.ie:Venezuela

