It's going to be a man, he's going to be white, and he'll be worth billions. Let's see if we can figure it out.
if they are a defender of the constitution then race or gender shouldnt come into play.
You are right. In a perfect world, the most qualified person would be nominated... We know that's not Trump's thing, though.
DICTATOR TRUMP, STAND BEFORE THE PEOPLE. FACE THE PRESS. ANSWER REAL QUESTIONS. ANSWER FOR YOUR SINS. RELEASE YOUR TAXES
Lol RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!


hope it's a good one!
investigate Russian tampering in the 2016 election!
Why no CAPITALS?
You should picj President Obama :)
Good morning and God bless
along with your taxes? #alternativefacts #alternativepresident
It will certainly be someone who supports removing women's rights. The senate should be on notice that we are watching.
the GOP unconstitutional ly blocked the rightful owner of the seat Hopefully the new one will find you in violation as well
Who exactly are you thanking?
is it Patrick Kielty?
Consider Merrick Garland!! Fair would be better than Right!!
you're not welcome.& I'm sure it's a male with many anti stances.  I hope the dems do what the repubs did to Obamas pick
Resign.

The @WhiteHouse is suppressing newly created petitions! Sign this one before it's too late. 16,000 strong https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/donald-trump-resign-president-united-states-violation-emoluments-clause-release-your-tax-returns … 
there's no law saying you can't sign the petition. You will soon though
The right to choice is the American way.To controlling brings rebellion! You should know!
I trust in ur intelligence & ur love of the USA!  I believe u will do all you can to "Make America great again!
And we will do same as Pubs gave Obama! @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Stand up to Trump.We WILL remember who didn't.
So far it's been nothing but winning from the White House. I can't wait for Supreme Court nominee pick! Thank you, POTUS!
Judge Dredd or Judge Death?
Grow up.
You lost the popular vote. #NoMandate #FakePresident
And We Will Block It Just Like The GOP Blocked The RIGHTFUL SCOTUS Pick From Pres Obama! Impeachment Coming Trump!
No, thank you.
you don't have a choice! Murica just grabbed you by the....
With great hair comes great intelligence. Oh wait a second..
God bless you & guide you to do the right choice.
great.  What bible thumping, archaic loser are you planning to annoint..? Rest of the world moves forward, USA backward
who cares
I have a feeling soon you'll be taking away women's right to vote. You're taking away our other rights, I'm sure hats next
we'll see how well that holds up
is it going to be a white rich man with Nazi tendencies? I'm betting it is to match the one in the White House.
Best of luck Mr President
U should't b able 2 do that. Republicans stopped @BarackObama 4 a yr. #notfair #notmypresident #IllegitimatePresidency
His job is to nominate a supreme court justice
O it was Obama's job and he was stopped by the republicans. Our off FOX
Well were you outraged when the Dems stopped it the same way with Bush   Was over a year
YES! Right is right  wrong is wrong. I believe in law i hold leaders accountable.  I do my civic duty. i have voted both ways
Fair enough
friends? :)
this will secure our conservative values for DECADES!
Is this the time of the morning you put your diaper on? You are a sad small handed baby Yes You Are! Coochie coochie coo!!!
No, thank YOU for being true to your word and releasing your tax returns. OH WAIT
.@realDonaldTrump stop embarrassing us.
you can't reason with libs, no matter what he accomplishes they will make stupid comments
Oh you can 'reason' with liberals, but you will lose because we tend to use facts. @BrentAmell @EvadeDefeat @realDonaldTrump
There have been exhaustive studies re voter fraud. Justin Levitt conducted most recent. @EvadeDefeat @BrentAmell
Fact: CA hasn't passed onerous ID laws, genius. @JhammondHammond @EvadeDefeat @BrentAmell
Good Luck! Picking a conservative won't upset the balance too much, it'll be that next pick that will really get watched
Good I know you'll consider Loyality to Gov Agenda and American People
félicitations président
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!...
thank you   for caring and getting the job done!!
another poor decision 2 come on the SCJ as you have w/cab.members. I cried the day u became pres. because u SCARE ME!
OOooo.... will they be potty trained? How'd you find them? The guys without dates at the last Santa pub crawl? Craigs List?
Daffy Duck would be a much better president than Donald Trump. And even looks more presidential. Embarrassing!
Great news! One of d best accomplishments of d POTUS is 2 put Justice Gorsuch in SC & now 1 more,that's a WHAMMY!Ok, justices, who's next?
God bless America
Dear POTUS: if u really serve all of us, would you Please pick MODERATE judge? Thanks
To fit in with the rest of your ragtag bunch, I suggest you pick the ghost of Hermann Göring.
I'm sure it'll be another lobbyist or Washington insider, even though your campaign was lies about getting rid of them
I pray you hear women speak about their right to choose. Doesn't mean they are all pro abortion just want less gov't
as if we don't already know you will choose someone who is anti abortion. Screw you!!
I'm sure that will go as smoothly as this passed week has ..... lol totally disaster as President #NotMyPresidentTrump
Judge Pryor is a good man!
You look like you're dead
You are NOT welcome. That pick should've been Obama's honor but GOP scum acted like babies & refused to do their job.
.
The president, I am calling from west Africa(Cameroon) where a dictator Paul Biya for 34 years in power ,is killing
Satan?
I wake up everyday at 0330 PST to watch Fox news to see what the day holds for you. So  I basically wake up to follow you.
ZZZZZZZZZ
hope it a good one.
legal case!! Like @MariahCarey sing-->https://youtu.be/-tCTm5M3Cp8  Just make up ANY law!! Oh!! let's rule d sky is GREEN!! O:!
it should be one of the nominees selected by President Obama. Reminder, you had protests larger than your inauguration
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
Best President
do we get the weekend off from bad news ?
maybe you should think very hard about this. We are watching and ready to revolt #resist
Donald is dumb
amen! Pick a nice conservative!!
Please pick someone who sees everything from a perspective not yet represented in the court.
#failure
Better make sure it's someone who will fight for the constitution as it was written, to uphold whatever you try to do!
or Tuesday?
smarten up. To heal wounds pick merrick garland.
is it the new season of the apprentice?
Be fair President Trump. You have an ENTIRE NATION to consider. Most of us did NOT vote for you or your "beliefs".
I’d give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
liar
#pixoritdidnthappen
Pick one who is tough enough who will stand up against the corrupt courts here in California that may secede from the U.S.
fab
this #deplorable loves the transparency! We've been in the dark for 8 years. Keep it up #fulfilling promises.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
Support you 100% and thanks for all great things you are doing. Support your travel ban.  Jim & Marilyn Barrett
And I'm sure it will a bad decision. We will continue to fight you!
And the news media talk n about Mary Tyler Moore what do u think she would say about discrimination and lies frm CBS media
YOU ARE RIDICULOUS
Oh? When does bidding close to buy the post?
Is it the guy form Blue's clues? Seems like something you would do.
will you torture him into submission then have spider tweet the password to the videos
praying for wisdom, good health, & safety for you & your family daily.
more done in a week than Obama in eight years! Great job!
protect the unborn! God's miracle. Murder is not a right!
Probably another white guy, just like chumps secret lovers probably are, just saying
any judges formerly work for @GoldmanSachs? Submit your resumes now! #SCOTUSnominee #lastingdamage
Puto
This should have been approved before you took office.
epo  bme   USV    NQ
not tired of winning yet sir!!! Keep pouring it on! I can take more!
@WhiteHouse you are doing a wonderful job. Thank you for all you do!
"thank you"? For what?
hope they can impeach you while u there killing 2 birds with one stone
i hope they dont get approved.  The dems need to fight you with all they got.  Our rights are at stake
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
the pick that should've gone to Obama, legally should have gone. But you cry about politics.
Koch brothers funded Russian hacking. GOP faked dislike of trump to give Russians the time they needed to complete hacking.
not sure if you should be able to pick a Supreme Court pick since you are fake President #IllegitTrump
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
When courts deprive people the Due Process of Law by arbitraly rejecting cases they oppress people   almost 10K by Supreme
We can only imagine....Beavis? Butthead? One of the guys from Duck Dynasty?
Las Vegas Nevada hopefully home of the future Raiders
Seriously, I would make the perfect supreme court judge.
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
You're welcome! We need a DEAL pretty quick with the Russians and Cold War Powers to formally end the Cold War. Thank YOU!
I know U won't pick Obama's fellow @UChicago co-worker Hon Dianne Wood cuz she did a #FANTASY ruling on my @advocatehealth
AND sadly. You say you are smart but no Dean's list in HS or Penn.  WTF?
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
Can't wait
I like how you missed your own deadline there
Prayers for you and your decision.
the world hates u.... not just the U.S. #awk luckily know one knows me so they cant hate or love me.... YET!
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
Judge Judy!!!!
you are an alternative president! Not the real deal!
You did  great job! Really enjoyed it!
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
that sucks
jackass
Merritt Garland yes! can't wait. don't disappoint everyone!
I'm sure this will insight another round of protests,the american people will not stand for your bullshit TRUMP
The detention of cleric men known as men of God has flag off in Nigeria,as Buhari has decided to islamize Nigeria as sharia
who judge Judy.
More buddies or maybe back stabbers who realy hate you
I hope you get impeached before then
don't thank me, I don't support you, just watching you
fyou
who are you? Why not using your official white house twitter?
oh god no!?!!!
you are you picking...your son?   Ivanka?  Giuliani?   Going by your record of choices, these are as qualified.
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
You should up the stakes by add 2 SUPREME seats and submit 3 picks for confirmation! Nuclear Fusion (AKA PINATA) option!
go on with ur idea mr presido. So long as u will get the right result. #solidlybehindyourback
