FOX NEWS ALERT: Provo Mayor John Curtis wins GOP nomination in special election to fill Jason Chaffetz’s seat 
Fox News the only FAKE NEWS!!
Please dont pass this bill..... pre-existing illness is too important for blue collar class. WAIT do it together
Another DJT retweet of mine gone.....
Yeah, yeah,
Thank you!
Congratulations John! https://twitter.com/foxandfriends/status/897773437254418432 …...
Does anyone on Trump's staff read the trump tweets?
valfishx@outlook.com
Pardoning racist Joe definitely puts you closer to. Good old nice guy ADOLF HITLER.  So sad! You are a walking disaster!!!

Mr President. This Job is not for you. Step Aside if you want to make America great again. Take this as a learning experience.
He has tried to do more then clinton would have.
UNFIT TO LEAD
The best person won, snd is doing the best he can with his hands tied
Hey trump , if you want to fire back @ the Dems because of Steve bannon , you should let me impeached the Dems 4 blackmail , sos confed stat

#nobodylikesyoutrump
We will keep replacing them until they listen!
Is he another establishment RINO like Strange?
#45 Vanilla ISIS
Yoohooo!
Fake News!
SWEEEET!
Mr President, I understand you want to make America Great Again , BUT how do your grandchildren look at you . You are allowing supremacy WOW

You should write a book: "How to Alienate Half Your Audience".......... #unfollowed
We are not asleep tell us how we can help drain the swamp

Great Parody Vid Part1

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously a 'Nazi'.

…
This is absolutely ridiculous Trump will turn out to be one of our nation's greatest presidents whenhistory looks back and describes this !
no
Don't u have work to do?
Yahoo! Hooray 

Fox new embarrasses the USA
This is about 50 miles from me, so a different district in Utah, Still am glad it went well. Thanks for supporting him.
Congratulations John Curtis.

Let me start by singing: HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE AGAIN
#endthehumanrace
More losers and KKK lovers entering our gov. Only people willing to go into politics.....crooks. money to be made off the American people
it was probably also thanks to you! also the upcoming eclipse!
Bad Fake President. So sad.
Another win shaping up! 
For USA &GOP
This is so awesome, great news for us all, no lefts in office ever again please voters @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain
winning !!!!!!!!!!
Don't worry the dem will clean his clock
#ILoveMyPresident
#IStandWithTrump
Please ask @SenJohnMcCain about this and ask him to renounce neo nazi ties
Let's hope he's a true conservative and not a RINO (traitor)!
@POTUS I hope you endorse Alabama's Roy Moore instead of McConnell's man Strange in the run off!
Good hope he does a great job in the GOP...I always liked Jason Chaffetz.

Lmao.  Antifa gave a journalist a concussion and posted this on Facebook to justify the attack.  This is some insane bullshit 
Aso　is unfamous as Evile man. You too??

http://www.asahicom.jp/articles/images/AS20170212000126_commL.jpg …
Thank you Donald much appreciated.       I didn't know you knew I had become a Grandfather 
He's a Liberal who became a Reublican to get elected. #RINO
I have had the privilege of interacting with Mayor Curtis and he has far too much integrity to associate with your people.
This Guy is A DEMOCRAT, he ALWAYS was is still is. Why are we allowing Democrats to run in the GOP. Look this guy up. He's no Republican
Wir sind überzeugt von eurer guten , positiven Politik. 
Wir sind Deutsche, aber keine Rassisten. Danke für die guten Bilder.
Let the campaigning begin. I live in Utah and will actively campaign and donate so Utah does NOT send another GOP  back to Congress
Hey Drumpf! Your boy got his ass kicked! Congrats John, indeed
Put that in your hat Left. No one wants crazies who break laws, violently abuse people, lie & manipulate facts. Left needs leadership.
Can we impeach CNN
MoveOn CNN you're just trying to stir up more keep instigating these people to get mad and madder you're the cause of all the violence
Please tell CNN to stop going over and over this shit and  and instigating people
#IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH
We are taking back America one by one and he will win by the grace of God! #MAGA

More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
#NotMyPresident #LockHimUp #ImpeachTrump
No catering.  He said what was needed.
Hey Donnie - have you called the Mayor of Charlottesville? Heather's family? Wld that piss off your racist friends? Is that why?
ANOTHER special election win and ZERO defeats. Who loves our president? Basically everyone. #MAGA
I can only think of one individual that loves the President - the Donald #narcissism #comeonman!
another WS spreading fake news
Heather HEYER!
#ImpeachTrump
More Fake Fux News stories!  Glad I got rid of everything fox years ago.
John, that was the kiss of death.
@POTUS @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS @VP @WhiteHouse @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan


Lean on me 

Jewish-American WWII veteran Si Spiegel says Trump's words are an appeal to hatred. Si says he fought the #Nazis once, and he’d do it again. 
Delusional Donnie poisoning America w/lies hate corruption & ignorance, truly a fools fool, a racist white supremecist 2 his kkk Daddys core

TO: White House staffers, cabinet members, political appointees

If you don't agree with your boss, for the good of the nation, resign. Now.
What would you expect from Provo?  A bastion of ignorance & LDS cultism.
Once again thank you POTUS for yours great speeach in Warsaw.
He is racist just like you
here to make your sub sandwhich ;) ;) farts...... smells good 
slurp
hi guys jerry form subway
Sorry, I don't believe anything I see on Fox News.
The public is cheering for your impeachment.

You are going to lose your right to tweet soon. Maybe you want to start practicing your right to remain silent. #NotMyPresident
You're insane. Resign or face impeachment.
That poor woman must be cold.
Oh, I don't know.  I think she's pretty hot.
He doesn't like you
You are the #WorstPresidentEver
Resign.
He's not like you.
Just the beginning. We conservatives should b able 2 gain 15 seats in the senate at a minimum Thanks 2 HOW THE DEMS been acting lately. MAGA
Really? More faux fix non-news? Can't you watch anything else? I know Rachel Maddow is very good.... Try her
Donald trump bringing Murcia together hahaha
HOG wash
Hey @Curtisut how is it to have a #NaziSympathizer's endorsement? Proud moment huh? #Resist #Resistance #Indivisible #unhackthevote @CNN

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…

yes congratulations chad
Winning 
Lol John Curtis isn't a Trumper in the slightest
Do the snowflake libbies want to call us racists like Crooked Hillary called us all Deplorable....really???
Congratulations  Provo Mayor!

Another racist Nazi?
Please be quiet. That's your best performance

Resign
At the weapons of militants during the retreat, poisonous substances were brought to Syria from the United States and Great Britain.
Thanks I stand with my President.
Watching FAKE FOX NEWS.
He will distance himself from your racist beliefs. He knows what a total loser you are. You know it too!
Mr. Pres. - PLEASE SIGN AN EXECUTIVE ORDER TOMORROW THAT MAKES DEFACING OR DESTROYING OF ANY NATIONAL MONUMENT A FEDERAL FELONY W JAIL TIME.
Voters refuse to allow the elite est to pick there candidates and grow the swamp any longer.  We are winning!
You do know he has issues with you and beat two pro Trump cons right?  You aren't very smart.
Really Don?
POLITICS!! No matter who died, or which foe threatens our lives. Party alwaysssss (fades 2 silence as North Korean nuclear bombs silence us)
It's difficult to see you congratulate anyone without assuming they are white supremacists or Nazis. I mean, that is your base, right?
Ohhh boy, I think you're going to be in for a nasty shock. @Curtisut
The only one that didn't support Trump.
U have. The Midas touch literally it's truest unbelievable #maga
Hope the hell hes with Trump not like MORMON @jasoninthehouse  Why did he resign SMELLS FISHY!

And the democrats keep losing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Shows just how really hated you are (sarc).
Some winning. I''d hate to see losing.
In Georgia and Montana. Way to set the bar high.
Thought you didn't encourage fake news coverage
We need a balance of power, Utah.
Congratulations  john
Who care
