...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
12,392,000: U.S. Manufacturing Jobs Reach Highest Level in 8 Years, in March 2017. Go President Trump!
You misspelled Obama. Jobs don't magically appear after 2 1/2 months.
Well they have, check it out for yourself. Debt is down too by $68 Billion.
Again, you are giving credit to the wrong administration. US is still operating under Obama's budget. Trump won't have his own until October
Not true. Obama left America trillions of dollars in debt. More on food stamps, Small & large businesses are starting to thrive under Trump
keep up the good work trump
literate and very good on spelling -- who tweeted this for you????
Ask yourself, why should we believe you? Would you?
Thank you Donald J Trump!

We must protect liberals from themselves!

America First Baby!!
I see you trying very hard to sound mature and somewhat competent...I give it a few more days til you revert back
We will have a return to Traditional values that made America Great! Judge Gorsuch will do fantastic! 

RETWEET to show your support! 
Russia not like you more.
Btw: did you feel honored to be able to expend nearly $50million in munitions against #Syria while @USFWS suffers inadequate budget? 
So, you're ok with children being tortured with gas? Crawl back into the hole where u came from.
Unfair!
#Firekushner
You are going to get us all killed, Sir.
The Chinese can spot a fake a mile away. You are the fake who launches a fake attack on #Syria.
6 years living in China, Ability to speak mandarin. Visiting and living in Asia on off since 1976. I dislike DJT
Golf again? We need a National Debt Clock, but for the ballooning costs of maintaining your part-time 'Presidency'.
Get your facts straight goober. Your not as smart as you think you are. Mar a Lago, is perfect. No bugs, thugs or spies. Brilliant idea.
Plus he owns it and he doesn't even take a President pay. He goes there, because you can't even trust being in the Whitehouse. He is smart!!
In what way?  Explain.
America first remember!! That's why we voted for you!! No more Syria! False flags!!  Please listen!
SHAMEFUL SCENE: Failed president crawling in front of Pres. of China. Begging not to pull investment out, otherwise MASSIVE JOB LOSSES.
Huge differences between Obama's “Red Lines” in Syria.. and the red line of the real leader of the world #Trump
In a single Strike, #Trump kicked Putin's ass all over the mideast..
In a single strike he PRETENDED to do something!
Just remember China's time is not necessarily our time even their calendars messed up let them meet our schedule
So did you guys also meet up with Azerbijani billionaire Farkhad Akhmedov? Or was that afterwards?
I'm sure you embarrassed us some how.
Psalm 149:4
For the Lord takes pleasure in His people; He will beautify the humble with salvation.
#trumpsyria is the least humble person on the planet. He certainly does not follow the Lord's commandments. #signofthetimes
Have you considered, he is being used by the Lord?
Used by #evil more like it
Next time please host foreign leaders at the #whitehouse and not your personal owned properties. #taxpayerscare
Haaa..sound funny..
Keep going Mr President, don't worry about the Nattering Nabobs of Negativity AKA... Liberalism 

你什么时候来中国？
I'm sure the man who hates expensive food and drink and practically outlawed golf was really impressed by the restaurant at your golf club.
Whatever happened to just taking him to McDonalds for a hamburger and getting down to business?

「#藤井厳喜」
日米はタックスヘイブンに食い荒らされて国家破綻の危機にいる
ロンドンの金融界の終わりと
「綺麗な賄賂でのし上がる支那華僑の歴史」
彼奴等のアングラマネーを暴露！
絶体 #支那 #朝鮮族 #華僑 を側に寄せてはならぬ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oq4nxtOELTc …
very well
Keep up the good work mr. President. It's an honor to have you leading America. Stand your ground sir. Carry on!
You know we don't believe anything coming out of your mouth! #theliarinchief nothing has change. Putin told you where to strike!!BS
I wish you wouldn't kiss their asses so much Mr. President! 
You insulted him with your childish display of American aggression against a sovereign state. GW Bush is a walking pariah. Is he your hero?
Lmao
Trump voter pissed that her house will end up on Mexico side of border wall http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/324717/trump-voter-house-mexico-side-wall/ …
Looks like MORE lies, and scare tactics.  CNN your bias is showing again!
Do you always form good will by bombing countries with foreign leaders on your soil?
Now you act like nothing happened in Syria
Why don't we talk about why you bombed broken planes In Syria while letting the enemy know the attack was coming?
We have not forgotten about your Russia ties just because you bombed their ally in a way that didn't hurt
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tr...
Xinhua said Mr. Trump ordered the strike to distance himself from Syria’s backers in Moscow, to overcome accusations that he was 'pro-Russia
Wrong, Xinhua News Agency represents President Xi Jingpin's political enemies.
Cowardly Trump.  Already attacking sovereign nations knowing Assad didn't gas his own people as he has none. #nowarwithsyria #NoWarOnSyria
Yes. Tremendous. I'm sure China will no longer rape our country after meeting with you. You and Pruitt are now free to rape this country...
Very good
Yeah goodwill, but what about your promises regarding trade decicit? "Only time will tell" sounds like just another deflection. Liar Trump
prolly suckin up in the hopes that u dont bomb them for being nonwhite amirite
But don't forget ur real target. Of isolating China
I pray to god to be with you and Gide you all the way god richly America and all country in Jesus mighty holy powerful amen
I pray for this whole world and i hope that we all can make this world a better place for everyone with the support of trump, god bless all.
Great
IF HILLARY HAD HER FAMILY IN EVERY JOB IN THE WHITE HOUSE THE REPS. WOULD GO CRAZY WHY ARE WE LETTING TRUMP DO THIS?
the third world war is coming its a matter of time.
I'm sure they couldn't wait to leave your trashy snake pit, MoneyLago. A real legitimate POTUS would host them at the legitimate White House
Yeh I bet! You made a TREMENDOUS amount of money for your business at mar a lago by having your entourage AND his! We see you. CROOK!
Good Job!
Waiting to get full report on how China is going to help with Korea. @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @politico @SenTedCruz @dallasnews
Take 5
Why don't YOU stay at the WH & save the Tax Payers some money!!!
Tremendous... tits on the translator.
China's Xi response to Your actions Agree with him 100%. #trumprussia @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @SenWarren @MaxineWaters Push investigation
...... you are a tool .....
China flooding d markets of ur country. But u cant do d same in dre markets fr restrictions. Whrs d gud trust n frndship? War is inevitable!
PalmSunday, the Saints R losing their heads now, pray God 4 strength & His Blessing! help Egypt roll the brotherhood, Lord hear our prayers.
I'm curious how your voters feel about this considering all u said about CHINA when campaigning.
Go trump
How was the chocolate cake?  Very important .
Was it a co-incidence that missiles fired at syria while tRUMP meets with Xi Jinping? More Pootin/tTRUMP TV show?
u seem to use this #Tremendous word so often tellin that you are limited with words. #childpresident.
God bless you and your family
Watch who is abusive or watched by abusive systems..
lol, sounds exactly like the campaign trail  #soft
Great meeting and effort - working together is the only way forward.
Fake president
Please lighten up on your travels. We can't afford it.  Please
Another Lie!!!!! Where are the Big Mac as promised. Dame you are shady. Sure hope STEMI takes you out soon!
Eye see
H1b visa program refresh. Please don't. We will lose jobs in India then. We want your American jobs
stupid is as stupid does
Good
You are a liar. America stand up and get this traitor. Big Business rules the land, kill technology, bring back humanity now.
Can't believe how STUPID he thought you were.
#lLoser
UGH NO ONE LIKES YOU
can @AlecBaldwin switch with @POTUS already? #tremendous
You'd think with all that money and power you'd get your eyes fixed?? SNL ran out of makeup.
thanks Persident Trump!! US and China are friends, we will save the world together!!
keep repeating the world tremendous.. it's so big and impressive.
I will now forever dislike the word 'tremendous'. Thanks for that.
Unfortunately I don't have a pussy so ou can't grab it but you can grab me anywhere else
American Police did a good job in prevent the terrorism actions of CH protestors  from occurrence instigated by evil force
He went home and mocked you. You're so pathetic and laughable.
真好
So let me get this right if you oppose trump your a snowflake, well have you ever been stuck in a blizzard or had an avalanche come down onu
I hope our future life can be like the life in United States: have the right to vote. that we can get everything, including:
As u fill yr pockets.Every time he goes to Miralago those dollars go to the resort which goes into 45's pocket.Conflict of interest.IMPEACH
YOU SOLD OFF THE REST OF AMERICA . AND SPENT MILLION ON THEIR VISIT .
Great job Mr. President.  'How's your steak?, we bombed Syria'. LMAO
Trump: Impulsive, untruthful, narcissistic, ignorant of the limits on presidential power and woefully unprepared to wield it. #IMPEACH
Great, tremendous. Don't make me laugh pathetic liar
wish better in the relationship between China and the US
Goodwill while bombing Syria? So wrong. #Trumprussia #resign before #ImpeachmentParty
чо там
Are you going to negotiate with China and Korea to fight nuclear proliferation? Without forgetting Israel, which has violated the treaty.
So you could spend the rest of the weekend pretending like you're not golfing?
The Syrian "response" could not have been postponed until after your guests left? Slap in China's face.
alright....
How do u feel about China's disapproval of your actions in Syria? Also, how 'bout that whole #TrumpRussia thing?
You're a fake president. You lost the popular vote and even starting a war won't help your terrible poll numbers. #SoCalledPresident
Did they enjoy Mar-a-lago as much as the local residents hate footing the bill every time you show up?
Didn't you talk shit about him for the past year?
What Xi said...have someone read it to you. Yeah-#trumpcannotread is out of the bag.
You frickin liar you talked Sh@t about them and their country and sucked up to him while they were here again you failed
I have to watch on TV them boasting about them using the airport right after you bombed it.

China mocks Trump missile strike after Xi leaves US: ‘A weakened politician who needed to flex his muscles’ http://ow.ly/NX3a30aHIuu  
亲爱的总统先生，你好。我是中国的一名大学生。我为美国能有您这样的总统而感到自豪。正如我们习主席说的，实干兴国，空谈误国。这句话正真正真体现在您的身上。我很期待未来几年，美国的崛起。但我更期待的是，美国在您的带领下能给世界带来经济发展，地区稳定。
Traitor Don all Bigly talk & no action Way to kiss some Chinese Ass Bannons boy not so tough Big talk from Big Con Man #TrumpRussia
In other words, you spent millions of dollars of taxpayer funds for a meeting which failed to make any progress on trade or Korea.
Could this guy get any crazier???
#RussiaGate
efdfdsf
THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT THANK YOU SO MUCH 
Let's go on with the show, all show and no substance celebrity politics?
celebrate the great president in America.Chinese people will say thanks to you.
this tweet has 48439 likes. That number is 0.176% of your followers.
I've learned that you cannot read, but maybe your children can help you: are China advising you on human rights?
Your grandchildren singing to president Xi has softened and melted the hearts of China.  You should now embrace China and push away Russia
我们主席闪瞎你双眼
even though you knew he hates golf?
sadly a greater dishonor to have you represent the USA
Why do you not entertain in the White House? It is classy, has good security  and not a private club. Cheaper too! But you don't care
Xi Jinping knows you're a con man and not to be trusted. You probably think he likes you.
He thinks EVERYONE likes him.
Whatever Donald we heard it all you remember your speech 3 months  ago about china bring bAck job to America all lies
@PressSec No one would've questioned our tactics or  judgement, they say this  now a genecial government.
@XHNews China要真正的富强：财政供养的人员每年公开收入和家庭财产且各党派党产都做到不再拿财政一分预算自收自支！公职人员工作收入是一份正常的按岗位职责工作的收入，公职人员退休也是领取自己已交的社保和资金时间价值部分，杜绝任何特权世袭。
Дональд Трамп ты позоришь Америку!
I'm the President! Tomorrow I might bomb something! Tremendous!
U forgot 2 add U also personally made several MILLION dollars off US in the process. Can't forget the PROFITS U Make at our expense. LOSER
Of course it is a great honor! Also it was a great embarrassment for the US that you were the president hosting your Chinese counterpart !
From China!
Wow
Did they share their secrets of currency manipulation?
Did you make him eat the meatloaf?
I understand you changing your mind 100% in 10 minutes on the Chinese. I did that once. But it did make the waiter mad.
Foto
He wasn't our guest. He was your guest at White House South on our dime. Good grief are you too damn good for Camp David
And you made a fool of yourself as per usual
A great leader is consistent!
We have to establish safe zones in Syria to reverse the flood of "refugees."
Sounds good, but without the help and support of other nations- is just another talking point.
I believe other nations will pitch in as well.
I agree Tami, only solution Y the libs want to force refug 2 pick up & CHANGE whole life. Yes, we shud help, but over there.They want 2 stay
They are in need of voters. Make them dependent, and they WILL vote democrat!
Totally agree with you there, as they pick up they're food stamps and WIC checks, they register them to vote under democrat
Yes, I have witnessed that for myself. County social workers  inform them of EVERY benefit they can
#trumpsyriaattackruse #trumpsyriaattackruse #trumpsyriaattackruse #trumpsyriaattackruse #trumpsyriaattackruse #trumpsyriaattackruse
Are you shaking your head yet, asking yourself what have I gotten into, was  I crazy ?? #MAGA Sir  !
But he didn't rate a reception at the White House?  The official Residence of the presidency?  Nice. Really nice.
Your a sell out! I voted for you and now your over throwing Assad ... #FUCKYOUFROMFLORIDA
He laughed at you just as the world is laughing... you are a disgraceful joke
