Like the Senator Mendez court case. A public figure that needs to be aired to the public. No news by tv stations.  Why??
Turn off your tv's ... There is little truth & less balance to reporting than ever.  Media picks what they show their audience.  Wake up
1861-1865 Civil War
2016-2020 US Media War
Patriots WILL STOP the Globalist Media ELITES LIES & Political Agenda
Media WILL NOT STOP TRUMP
RT @TheFive: "Media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report."-@jessebwatters #th...
I agree.  The media pushes their agenda down our throats!   I don't have TV, I only listen to conservative talk radio.
That is the truth.  Media is controlling the world's outlooks and opinions and it's more than frightening. Turn off your tv's people
It is also about How it is reported. Most media practice Yellow Joutnalism today!
Nationalise the media.
The true Americans can see right through them, it just making president Trump movement stronger ..
Lolololol
,...just like HE took FOREVER 2 release HIS TAX RETURNS (August 8, 2017; 21:31 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Oh like u? Not being able to say that Museums schools & teaching at home is an alternative for those flags & statues.
Trump is making America great again, Obama did nothing but weaken the US

The worst
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters Jesse Watters made a crude comment about Ivanka. What happened to your "get even 10X worse rule".
this must be part of..., (August 8, 2017; 21:31 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
World's most powerul man has been fighting with media but failed to tame. He should come to India to learn how to tackle them.
I feel your exasperation. You are all doing a great job - except Juan. Please keep the faith.  The MSM hypocrisy is ludicrous
Hard to argue with that, but...the hashtag has some kind of white supremacist undertone? Hmm.
"Media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report."-@jessebwatters #thefive
Okay, maybe Twitter mislead me when I clicked on the hashtag for "thefive"...then again, not seen the show.

https://twitter.com/TheFive 
Hellooooooo!  I have been saying this for 2 years!
Trump TV!  Bring back @billoreilly
Boy thank God for Jesse and the three for some of us would have no voice from a real cowboy 
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters CNN replays every video of the scum bag Trumps own words that is not fake news.  Trump is fake
https://m.youtube.com/results?q=why+we+are+decline+cultural+marxism+&sm=1 …  Why is everyone scared to talk about the connections to cultural Marxist practice from our former administration.
Right on !!
Amen!

I am disappointed in our media. Something has to be changed to stop the half truths and misleading the Americans. I only want facts!
MSM doesn't report news they report views.
like this bullshit
Media bias is how much Trump can buy at the time.
You mean like when Fox News fails to report that the ACLU had obtained an injunction allowing the demonstration in Lee Park?
Real news - US on verge of nuclear war
Fox News - Hillary once failed to pet a puppy
Fox conclusion - Hillary is a danger to mankind
Very true. Fox News fails to report lots of news just because they're agenda is more important than reality.
report on 3 dead marines
Yeah sure but sometimes it's impossible to report everything. News casting managers and editors are usually the culprits not fresh graduates
Yes.  Fox 'News' never reports on the FACTS of Trump chaos!
And another way to say it is...
What they do report is shit!
and
What they don't report is cover-up!
#FakeAssNews oh, I'm sorry, I mean, MSM

so true hiding the facts
Media should report news, but seems there are far more commentators the news reporters.
* @realDonaldTrump 
I have set myself against their propagandist, 
destine to choke upon their own bile.
God Bless The @POTUS
http://www.nationalmemo.com/trump-war-press-melodrama/ …
http://www.nationalmemo.com/trump-war-press-melodrama/ …
Ty
Yes, how's it going w/ the reporting on the traitorous @DWStweets & the IT family that she provided all US classified info to? @MSNBC @CNN ?
C'mon @NicolleDWallace @SRuhle @JoeNBC would love 2 see the faux holier than thou outrage put to good use-ah,but the $'s too good #sellouts
The media reports what its told to by information advisors at the Pentagon who work for you right Mr. President?
Its more what they don't tell us !
The Five finally figured out what Fox has been doing for years and they want it all for themselves.
That's why everyone I know watches Fox the only home of real news coverage thanks to all of you for working hard to show his hard work!
The biased media have went so far left that recovery and public trust will never return. And to think, they did this to themselves!
And the slant they put on their half-reports
Facts cannot be biased
Drive by media aka ankle biters.
Dems crying over Trumps tough talk on noko. Pretty sad noko is nuclear thanks to incompetence of last admin and dems funded it's weapons.
So very true.  Think how media bias has kept MSM from reporting the many, many accomplishments of @POTUS
Exactly!  Just like in life, we are all more guilty of what we fail to do as opposed to bad things we have actually done.
From the mouth of man-baby FOX, you need to report what bat shit crazy lies your "Dear Leader" is spewing.  How do you live with yourselves?
You got that right Jesse Watters, fake news remain SILENT on Truths about DNC scandal and more....
yeah,Fox news does not report half of what is going on with the new administration
Exactly. Let's talk about his hair, or his skin color, or call him names! Grow up and get educated the world will not survive without safety
Amen to that!!!
Disgusting how fake news gets by with it. Should be illegal, slanderous and mandated to retract. CNN, MSNBC, etc should be sanctioned! #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters

Exactly
Trump does stupid shit every day and gives the MSM something to report. He says one thing and does the opposite. There's your media bias.
Like all the years of criminal activity by the Trump Crime Family?
They report too much about Donald Trump.  They are a better broadcaster for him than any he could ever come up with.
Media bias is all over, they're not reporting News their just giving their opinions
like @foxandfriends not reporting the actual truth!
Don't worry that's why we have your tweets
You are the biggest problem. U can't stay on topic or hold a thought for more than 2mins. tops. Always changing & correcting own lies w/more
Totally agree!

very true. and this is applicable ESPECIALLY to Faux & Frnds, and Breitbart.
Distract, deflect, divert
True
Ha ha ha !! Coming from these "journalists"?!! Please. And, uh @FoxNews  IS MSM! Not to mention state run tv. #propaganda #fluff
You should know.
That could be repeated 500X a day!
How true. That's exactly what's happening in Japanese fake media. They seldom report what is favorable to Abe cabinet. @japantimes @AJWasahi
So true....fox is just as guilty at both sides
They think the American people are brain dead little do they know. We are wide awake and see what they are doing fake news and no news MAGA.
Do they report that The Five is just fake news taken to a whole new level?
Wow
Media bias criticism from professional Trump dick suckers? I'll pass.
And fox news is guilty of that. No mention of Mueller raid on metafort. No mention of bolling indiscretions,
That's for damn sure. #FoxNews is a prime example.
Applies to Mr. Trump's alleged news on his FB page.
Media Bias is what U call what U do not like.   Media has a bias towards Bull Shit Artists.
Just like Fox News doesn't report the Truth about the corrupt Dumbald Trump! Losers
Can't wait for the report about your demise as President.....
Which god awful publication is @TheFive
Exactly!!!!!
Hey @kimguilfoyle  @POTUS : to the moon McConnell
It's also about how they misrepresent what they report- @the Five & that ignoramus- Jessebwatters
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters 
#Fakenews only topics: an evil Russia . On the other hand this free up Real to do his thing !
They need to report more about how much of a moron trump is
Make up your mind, are they fake or biased ?
Yep, sorta like the chemtrails that no one admits to. No one has stopped and few even know it's...POISONS. 8 months, still going double time
So true as well as how they give part of the truth building a different narrative than reality. Only way to counter it watch @CNN & @FoxNews
Perfect example: Trumps "Real News"
Coming from 5 idiots!  Bahhh
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters Truth! I am fair & honest. Honest question, fair reporting, do you sing in the shower Mr President
Amen.
Both Sides Of The Media Have A Certain Bias, The Mainstream Media And Conservative Being Eachother's Opposite. You Also Have An Even More...
A More Rightwing And A More Leftwing Media. One, Like Alex Jones Believe In Conspiracy Theories. More Left, Like #TYT Talk 4 The More ....

As the North Korea situation reminds us, we will be dealing with the consequences of electing Barack Obama for decades to come!
MAYBE IF TRUMP STOPPED LYING AND BEING INCOHERANT, THEY COULD REPORT ON MORE IMPORTANT THINGS INSTEAD OF HIM.
Never anything good about our president on @CNN

What a salty thing to say about Trump TV
Like not reporting that @realDonaldTrump has spent 65 days, 32.2% of his time in office, at Trump Properties, billing taxpayers for $$$?
So if fake news doesn't get reported....
Like when Muslims are killed and mosques are bombed?
Best thing to happen to The Five is Jesse Waters.  Dana doesn't look too happy either.
I agree. Why can't they report on both? Seems like the media has conveniently stopped doing that since Trump.
Yes, Fox News is ignoring most of the major issues with the Trump presidency.
What about your son and Russia? @SecretService @JamesBreinComey @JamesComeyFBI @HillaryClinton @BillGates hi.
The media's bias is undeniable at this point. The left have gone insane. This is a new culture war and the left are losing ground.
The Gold Star of this strategy...
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters Jesse is a Top Gun, he is on his game Much better than Tucker whom I like aswell Go @jessebwatters
SO, SO TRUE!!!

Oh absolutely!! They'll cut things out of speeches to make @POTUS look bad. Happens constantly.
You sure have that right!
you would know 
So very true! I watch numerous networks. FOX the worst/best at NOT reporting Trump transgressions.
The free press is the only reason you are where you are!! Fox fake news Lie Lie Lie!
Like Trump only comments on deaths of non-muslims.

Russia’s  Influence  Campaign Targeting the  2016  US Presidential Election to help @realDonaldTrump from @ODNI_NIC 
https://adobe.ly/2fdQA5s 
Prime exhibit A: The Five and FAUX News. Take a very long look in the mirror.
#AwanBrothers
Imran Awan, Wasserman Schultz's IT aide who was arrested for bank fraud & is under investigation still hasn't trended.

#ThursdayThoughts
Like the media shutdown on Sanders 2016
They have their own anti AMERICAN anti Trump pro islam pro illigal immigration thing going on.THE EXTREMIST MEDIA.
What they don't report, like our Green Beret being murdered last November?
Everyone in the United States knows that if you say anything derogatory about the Clintons the entire Democratic Party goes crazy!
And the media would accuse everyone of being biased against women because the Clintons are untouchable and have been for years!
Absolutely!  State TV, aka @FoxNews, doesn't report truth at all!  Just a selective version that benefits the #fakepresident.
Very true.  Impressed at your self reflection
@realDonaldTrump  keep running you liar.  He is coming for you.  Mueller will bring your corruption to light. Jared Ivanka etc removed yay!
And the news they partially report as well!
So the Media either blankly and outrightly LIES, misrepresents and/or omits full reporting the issues. They should lose their credentials.
The Five are proof that Media bimbos aren't only women.
You mean like not reporting anything that's actually good for America?


Says a biased group of complete morons.  Do any of them the intelligence of a 5th grader? #failingPOtuS
I haven't seen any evidence any of them finished high school.  Just sayin'  #lyingPOtuS
