Thanks for the list of things you had zero to do with.

Only such a TWAT has to BRAGG about untruths.... 
Dow Jones lowest since the depression? ......if u say strong military, why did you request $100s billions 4 military ?  ..... ISIS.. why more military going to Syria?...
Unemployment... WRONG !!!
You are so delousional. You have done nothing. You have no plans & you haven't ever. All you do is lie lie lie.
Hahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Y'all can't handle the truth lol

You forgot "lowest approval rating ever".
Hyperbole and flat out lies. Exclamation point.
Hurricane Prevention. It is possible and President Trump has the power, authority, and resources available to stop them. bobdon@77@msn.com
The Prevention Of Hurricanes is badly needed now. They can be stopped &  I have a Plan that President Trump needs to rev. bobdon77@msn.com.
A real man wouldn’t have the need to boast about himself in the same way that you do. You’re ego is out of control.
He's the only who WILL say it....SAD!
Want more free stuff at everyone who works expense?? After all, that the libturd mantra and socialist agenda or did your forget?
The SCOTUS seat was kind of stolen...
Resign
B.s potus fake news he beleaves his own delusional thinking
You forgot fascist police state.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU EVEN TALKING ABOUT????
toot your own horn much, lol
WINNING!!!!
The election of Donald J. Trump has sparked unprecedented economic growth. President Trump is putting America First - thank you! #MAGA 
Despite what you hear in the unfair & dishonest FAKE NEWS Media, President Trump’s AMERICA FIRST agenda is truly making an impact! #MAGA 
President Trump is focused on security, military, the economy, JOBS, etc. Trump is just getting started, and the #MAGA base is very strong!
ALL ABOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN! #MAGA 

Obama was way better than trump. Trump has only done one thing more than Obama in such little time: GOLF

You have truly lost your mind ... crack kills
Your poor, eggshell ego
Mr President, we support you and your WH team!! Got to have tax cuts/tax reform!! This is history in the making!! MAGA!!!!!
Yes, yes, winning, yes, hell yes, hell yes, and nice job Mr President! #MAGA
You suck on every possible level. RESIGN!
Congratulations on creating the 2nd amendment and ISIS
Judge Jeanine and GregGutfeld funny tonight real humorous not swilly Saturday night, #MAGA
Unemployment figures? Jobs figures just went down for the first time in 16 years. Why lie when we can check?
#winning
You have nothing to do with current stock market- all President Obama. No one was attacking 2nd amendment, dummy.No change with ISIS.Sad.
You have done NOTHING about the opioid epidemic despite promises to do so.
Wait… none of this has anything to do with you tho.

U did nothing but golf, watch tv and tweet insults. Go to bed. Take your pills!


Just promise that you win’t sign any of these ridicules knee-jerk gun bills floating around. They only hurt law abiding citizens.
Stolen Supreme Court seat, 1st Amendment repressed by the Oval Office, all Obama's effects on the economy.
Charges against Obama regime?
Equals best president ever! And more to come ladies and gentlemen!
His 25% approval base would agree. But there's that other 75%......
Will your cell be painted gold?
Counterpoints: Puerto Rico's dying, you're a sociopath incapable of consoling a grieving widow, #TrumpRussia, SCOTUS seat stolen by McTurtle
Nothing you've done has actually impacted the stock market or unemployment BECAUSE YOU HAVEN'T SIGNED A BUDGET, ISIS is OBAMA's plan
Also: What happened 17 years ago? 2000... oh yes, right before the tech bubble collapsed. Do you REALLY want to compare things to then?
"Strong Military": again, you haven't actually DONE anything about the military. Militaries required BUDGETS... which you have NOT signed.
"2nd Amendment": your and GOP's embrace of gun rights' fanaticism led to 600 being shot in Vegas and ~25K others dead since you took office.
"Record Stock Market": Obama presided over a relatively stronger stock market during his first 9 months than you. Also: THAT'S ALL ON PAPER.
Finally, Sgt. La David Johnson had his funeral today. RIP.

You haven't said one damn word other than continue to attack his congresswoman.
You're dead-on on Prez Obama's economic expanssion that resonates to now.
All the other presidents are uniting tonight to actually do something good and you're tweeting BS fake meaningless "accomplishments." SAD!!
Yeah and where was he?
RUSSIA SANCTIONS ARE 21 DAYS OVERDUE YOU TRAITOR.  RESIGN!
#Trump2020 

Spoken like a true narcissist
Stop tweeting and read a book, learn something. You’ve done NOTHING!
You say a lot of dumb shit, but WTF are you talking about?  2nd Amendment was written while your fam (& mine) were still Germans.
“I’d also like to credit for the Doritos Loco taco at Taco Bell”
You have golf tomorrow and all next week. Don't pull a muscle patting your own back!
Thanks for the bragging
I've never seen a president who prefers to brag over preferring to make America great.
Instead of bragging about what you're doing, why don't you actually just do it
I like how he just lists 2nd amendment. Wtf does hat even mean. He’s probably trying to take credit for writing it 

Well I can't say I'm surprised, here's what the 5 former REAL presidents are doing while you stroke your ego on Twitter. #OneAmericaAppeal
Although since he's not helping PR maybe he can answer a few questions. Like 1st what happened in Niger? Why add Chad to the Muslim ban?
Second can you comment on the voting irregularities in Wisconsin @maddow was discussing.
Rachel @mikefarb1 uncovered the MASSIVE VOTE FRAUD in WI! Trump down 4-7% in WI MI PA yet wins each by same statistically impossible -1%
In an August 2016 issue of The New Yorker:
No one listened to Hillary.. No wonder Trump pull that bullshit circus stunt parading out Bill's (paid) accusers at the 2nd debate (surreal)
How the Fuck do even know what the 2nd Amendment says, you’ve never gotten past the First one! I don’t think you have even read the title nor did you comprehend the words you repeated when you became 45, to uphold the Constitution, NOT step and spit on it!
America loves & respects our 
HONORABLE POTUS TRUMP!
50 people gunned down in Vegas by a guy who w/dozens of guns & YOU'RE bragging about the 2nd amendment? Your descent into insanity continues
Yeah. ISIS. Mosul taken. Then you threw your Kurdish allies under the bus. Classic. A real American move.
Re: 2A - You’ll go down as the president most accomodating to domestic terrorists. Both weak and unable to protect Americans in need.
are "2nd amendment, strong military, ISIS" supposed to be your accomplishments? because theyre not. theyre nouns you had nothing to do with
String of unrelated word vomit
# starvationwages
And yet just a paltry 38% approval rating. Apparently supported only by #TrumpChumps. #Resign
still havebt seen your tax returns-what are you hiding

your narcissism has no boundaries!
And the best & most blessed thing is we have the GREATEST! PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP 
I love how you catenate all of the dog-whistle fragments, so your base finds it convenient to access when they want to masturbate. #RESIGN 
None of this you mention is your doing lol
Keep Congress in session to get judicial appointments approved.
Hahaha you are the most deceptive human being on this planet.
Please read the list of 3,000 things you’ve fucked up, bad things you’ve done, times you’ve embarrassed us, & stupid things you’ve said.
Isis in 30 days, LIAR.
Thank you Mr. Obama!

Yes thank you President Obama! Now I know your slow so FYI your track record starts Oct 2017 #dummy
RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN  RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN  RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN
LIAR LIAR LIAR.  YOU ARE NOT WELCOME IN THIS COUNTRY!!!
Also Stock Market is only read by well-to-do people. For a reason. B/c they gain from it. Do the regular people benefit from Wall St? No!
These penalties are against the law, they are against our constitutional rights,freedom act of choice! Nobody seems to be looking at this!
Blather, lies and bullshit. All you have accomplished. Thank goodness.
Yadah Yadah Yadah. All in spite of you, not because of you. The only distinction you can claim is LOSER. The worst president in US history.
Did your mother not teach you it's not polite to boast?? Especially when it's bullshit!
@realDonaldTrump why can't we give military veterans in California the same rights as police with concealed carry? Add veterans to Leosa?


Mostly thanks to OBAMA!
Heard from a credible source that your middle name is Jew, can you confirm or deny please?
Your exaggeration is epic. Obama handed you a record economy, and we had a net job losses in the third quarter under you...
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
Are you giving yourself credit for the second amendment?
Thank you President Obama. Now let’s see where we are this time next year.
Stolen Supreme Court Justice and the rest is leftover from the great and powerful @POTUS44. Plus he is MUCH better looking than you. UR SAD!
Nothing to do with you. Macron's dog is more disciplined/accomplished than you.  http://www.nydailynews.com/newswires/news/world/macron-dog-pees-elysee-palace-fireplace-cameras-roll-article-1.3582522 …
Great Job Mr. President!  Americans voted for you because the country was going to Hell. Thanks for bringing us Back !!
Barak worked hard so you could spout this set of numbers. Bet someone did your homework for you in school too, or did you just copy it?
stop braggin BOSS,ha we knew what you'd do, AND PLS DONT STOP..WE ARE HERE WITH YOU IN fixing OUR Great County, God Bless You Mr. president
You've really done very little. What does "leg've approvals" even mean? You lie like the overpriced real estate huckster that you are.
Liar
I pity your supporters

But Naturally a tyrant in Syria and President Trump are right and the rest of the world is wrong......
DISASTER. You are going down as the illegitimate president who didn't win fairly
Thanks Obama!
Wat would Comey do!!

First Amendment, tax cuts for the wealthy, Medicare and Medicaid cuts, nuclear war with N Korea, 33,000 jobs loss first time in 7 years
1st amendment strong!
25th amendment. It’s coming.
Guns gotta go
yes daily unnecessary gun deaths only major country in  world with regular mass shootings What VA improvement Mcconnell got SCOTUS not you

again, Nothing! in your first sevl month u have literally.done.nothing. Except provoke culture war in US, which is how you got elected. Sad
Muy BUENO EXCELENTE SEGUIR AYUDANDO A SU GENTE SIGA ASI

All Fake News
Thank you Obama.
When are you going to pass some real legislation? Do you even know what legislation mean you clown
You haven’t done shit!
Need more Veteran help I've sent you private messages through here and Facebook.
Don't forget to mention how your campaign colluded with #Russia to win the election & how deep in debt you probably are (tax returns)
Thank You so very much!! Please keep draining that swamp ⚘
The ongoing destruction of Isis shows the forward thinking of Trump. Now we see the reason of recruiting so many Generals. Fight a real war.
Russian loving a hole, disgusting
Mr. President, 

All I can say is thank you  thank you  thank you . We do and we will support you !!
Very "nice" of you to point out the successes of the BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!! THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!!
Holy shit would you stop bragging for one fucking day? Its getting really annoying! Even if you hate Obama at least he didnt brag like you
Ooh, ooh, look at ME.  I'm Donald the Dotard.  I'm soooooo wonderful.  Over 30% of Americans like me. Best Presidential ratings EVER. 
Good Job @POTUS we love that you're still #Winning!!
you are advertising. How embarrassing. You shame this nation. You are a fool boy.
Is there a rational thought in there some place?
#can'tbelieveabloidywordyousay
Las Vegas, Bum Stocks, Gun violence increase, Niger, Charlottesville, PR, KKK, NAZIs, Opiod deaths rising, Hate Crimes skyrocketing........
What about 2nd amendment? Did I miss something? Did we get SHARE or reciprocity yet?
Most hated president out of them ALL. Worse than Nixon
ALL THIS IS SO GREAT.. TY.. MEAN IT.. BUT YOU HAVE TO MAKE THE STATES OBEY 3 FED. LAWS TO GET SHARIA OUT OF USA NOW!!. i SEPERATE FROM UN !!
Yeah those are sadly not your statistics to claim. Never took macro Econ 102 I’m guessing?
Trump did not bring down unemployment to 4.2 he picked it up at 4.5 from Obama if not for that economy be in the toilet bowl just like him
And Obama is responsible for all those things not you
Dictatorship in action!
Now, do something about #DCCorruption
Bs
Not your doing. Fake claims.  #fakepresident #RealityTVTrashInTheWhiteHouse
These are President Obama's accomplishments.  Remember, we were alive when they happened and know the truth.
Hey genius, sounds like you're talking about the Titanic before it was launched. Of course you remember the Titanic with your awesome memory
Worst mass shooting, failure in Niger, broken promise on ISIS 1st 30 days?, bad judge, taking credit for others work.. #WorstPresidentEver
Delusional delusional delusional delusional delusional delusional delusional delusional delusional delusional delusional delusional
thx to president obama . thanks to him
Keep telling yourself that daily! I can say you have gotten massive tweets outs daily more than any other President. 
Military?  The one that was up 24 hours on recon patrol when you redirected them to capture ISIS target and got them MURDERED? #NigerAmbush
More lies. You have not accomplished anything, except to collude with Russia, money launder for Putin, sexually attack women, and lie lie.
what did you do to the 2nd amendment?
 it’s almost over trump you can go back to steak dinners at noon by he way red meat is bad for you so eat up
No major legislation passed. Worst poll numbers in the history of presidential polling. Most hated man in the world. Things can only go up
According to @realdonaldtrump unemployment was historic high a year ago now it’s lowest in 17 years .. amazing how those rose glasses work
Thanks, Obama.
Again, thanks to prior administration.  Ur ability to twist truth for your base is sickening for the country's future.
Doing awesome I hope to be inDallas
