We want Obamacare we don't want it replaced
Lmao speak for yourself....oddball

Have all the state's individually put together a healthcare plan. Test the top 2 plans. If successful, implement a national healthcare plan
Their failed replacement is right. Taking healthcare away from 22M people to fund tax breaks for rich people is a disgrace.
This "tax breaks for the rich " is really getting old. Is that all you have left?
Go ahead and throw millions off healthcare, your gonna get the backlash! Have fun trying to get out of that one!
yeah you know i
 got pay for you cpetre   i
 don't like this  you namenke name
When you say pen you mean crayons right?
Bunch of bozos on Twitter
Don't hold your breath Mr President. Lets focus on taxes, border & infrastructure. Let ACA implode the democrats can't blame you then.

Probably just doodling
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in h...
That's all you learned how to do. Is to barely sign your name.  Now you're all excited like a kid to sign shit lol
Get an paper maid

Oh. He's calling it his "pen"  now *smirks*
Lower premiums, lower deductibles, keep existing conditions and especially NO tax penalties!! I'm going broke owing the IRS!
Of course you will, because all you do is sign shit you never read
Make well
No ...Senators are planning their vacations...they are liars... don't support Trump Agenda
Do think it's ok to force a mom like me to fear and have to fight harder for my child's life? These lies will kill
Everyone hates this bill. http://fus.in/2tmMkpq 
Everyone? Who gave you the right to speak in our name?
#FuckReagan
So why You waited so long to air this out?
"At my desk?" You wrote this in France. #justsaying
I think he meant to say Ivanka, but his blackberry's predictive spelling (which must be working EXTRA hard) sucks!
So you're excited to sign Hillary-care into law as long as your name is on it instead of hers? 10 years from now when it fails you'll own it
Repeal only. No repeal and "repass." I'd not cheer for betrayal. I'd use the bully pulpit.
Well those of us that paid for it, through jobs etc, had lower premiums Bc we didn't have to prop up many folks that didn't want to work.
And socialists don't seems to understand that. This bill won't "Fix" it but damn. Baby steps in the right direction is still right!
I understand what you're saying, but no one in that building promised "baby steps" Soviet-care, they promised a total repeal of Obamunism.
Windbags
#BeforeObamaCare I loved having employers who promised health insurance, but never got around to it.
You have the ability to make this the greatest healthcare plan in history. YOU. Who cares if you piss some off in the process. Make history!
On this, we agree @realDonaldTrump the Republican Replacement Bill IS a total FAILURE. You're a fu*king moron.
Obama? Good idea he's caused so much pain and death in this country. I wish they'd try Hillery and him for the hate and disruption he caused
I wish all the Rubbery Republicans, and Dead-Deaf Democrats would use whatever non alcohol deaded brain cells left to pass the care bill now
...wow
I do not now or ever want to be ASSociated with the trump hating platform. I support my president and all of his men and women
And you have every right to feel the way you feel and believe the nonsense that you believe.
.it's not nonsense. Just because we have a difference of opinion does not make it nonsense.
Or out playing golf - again
Yes, it is  a failed replacement. How can you not see this?
WHY does your dad want the rich to get richer, this will not help us. (it will help you though)
Um...are you sure that's a pen in your hand? You did spend the day watching women golf. #CreepyOldPervPOTUS

OOOOHHHHH!!! This is your incompetent way of again calling Obmacare 'failed.' Not the DOA replacement.
Calling Obamacare "failed" and demanding repeal is like calling our Highway System failed due to potholes and reverting back to dirt roads.
Hoping every one will look forward for people care
We Love you, President Donald J. Trump!
Be a human being and don't just sign it to sign it. Make sure it's good for the american people not just your pocket.
You grasp of the English language is masterful, grip that pen tight with those tinny hands
Obama is wonderful and your wasting time. Your not passing any bills just trying to destroy Obamacare. You look like a bigger fool. #quit
After 7 years or is it 8, they better get it right .. on to tax reform!
Just keep waiting...
You said it yourself: "Failed Obama care replacement" It has and should fail and should not be considered a replacement for anything.
Why re-invent the wheel? Why not just fix the broken parts and take credit for it. It would be much easier!
Well put, uncle.

What?  You will actually come off the golf course to attend to the nation's business?  Funny one, Donald.....almost had me believing it...
LOSER
It's more imp.to get it RIGHT than to sign a crap plan to get it done. REPEAL IT & LET the People get their own!! THAT worked before. #MAGA
Pen in hand to go against your word with Scott Pelley here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6inQmf96SYQ …
Good job lying on your campaign.
It will fail just like the last one they tried to pass and the one before that. You must be so tired from all the failing you're doing.
Impeach this lying traitor!!!
#Trumpcare
Stop complaining about the Obamacare until yours gets out there then why let the people decide if yours is any better
Do what needs to be done to Make America Great Again Just remember one thing that a complete Country relies  on all decisions made by you 
do you even realize the error of You syntax? "Their failed Obamacare replacement..." that is right. GOP has failed.
Glad to know you're only a rubber stamp for bad policy.

Yes, don't leave that office and hold the pen with two hands. Please.
So now it's called a "pen."  
It is time to just repeal the damn thing forcing congress to do something. Its what you promised.    This is going nowhere END IT ALREADY!
Sure... dont u mean at the golf course?  While u have pen in hand, sign RESIGNATION LETTER  before #Impeach45
try heart and soul
You know here is a clue, just saying something is fake, or failed , or a hoax doesn't make it so
Safe to say English is not your first language. You should just stick to Russian!!!
8 years and still nothing. Great job @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan
Make sure you actually read what you are signing, Please. And it fully Repeals the ACA and No Bail Outs for insurance companies.
The republicans can't agree on nothing. They are part of the problem. Repeal that crap.
you mean this desk? #tinyhandtinydesk
What's wrong, is the 15,000 page ACA too much for you and the GOP?
does your golf cart have a desk? just wondering
ACA is not dead.  Your Trump care plan is DOA.  Pen in hand? Really? Your sitting at your desk at 2:57am? You need to be sleep old man!!
Sure, you'll be at your desk, but then you'll walk away in a daze, all confused about why you're there. You've done it before. Sad!
The People only want REPEAL.
So, ready to sign ANYTHING as a WIN for (only) YOU, huh? To hell w the American people, esp those in poverty! #UNFIT4POTUS
But you just said you would be at the Women's Open. Which is it?
*cues the "Price is Right" fail horns*
How *exactly* did it fail then Don? Hmmmm?
Remember when the Russia theory had significance? Yeah me either.
Sounds like Someone needs to stop posing AND Get to Work. How about it Congress xxx?
1st you are not at your desk, you are watching women play golf! 2nd GOP had 7 years to "get it done." GOP failed bigly!
Obviously you have the best words, but awful sentence structure. Read back this tweet to yourself out loud. What's "failed"? #SMFH
How can you tell if it's your pen or your dick?
I really can't understand how pro-lifers can't vote yes to this death sentence bill!
WHATEVER!!! Hopefully you will be impeached very very soon!!!
Donald, The depth of your ignorance is astounding.  #FailingDonaldTrump #Trumpcare #notwinning #ImpeachTrump #Resist #RussiaGate #Choker
The LardAss in Chief will be golfing in Jersey this weekend at Trump National in Bedminster
Wait don't you mean the failed #Republican replacement bill? #trumpcare harder than you thought isn't it? Resign before #Impeach45 #potus
Nice that you admit before it's even up for a vote that it is a "failed replacement" for ACA!  It fails on so many levels.Where is the win?

You'll be at your desk because no one in Congress wants to talk to you.
"Failed obamacare replacement" is the only honest thing you've ever said besides wanting to fuck Ivanka
They need you to teach them how to win. They blew it on this but I have faith that you can point them in the right direction. Go Donald go!
Sure that's your pen?
Welcome back to the music....

Your an epic failure!
All they need to do is write a replacement like the one they have! We should all have access to the same benefits. They work for us!
Love the thought of you waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting
Be at your desk? Well, God forbid you actually get involved in a polucy discussion...
So now you want to sign the already FAILED TRUMP-CARE. It really shows how much you care about the American people.
Need to open the boarders for health insurance companies
What's going on Mr. President?
Well, at least you already know it's a failed plan...Saved us the time in having to explain it to you. You can put the pen away 
It failed because you quit paying the bills don!
I glad to see you are at work even if it is just sitting there holding a pen. At least you took a?day off the golf course
You know what's in that bill?? No
Haha...sure..by that time there would probably be bars around you.
the one without lead??
And finger up your ass
Thats all that pen does is stay in hand...it don't write anything.
we will never get this pee stain off the rug in the Oval Office
I would suggest you use @Grammarly whenever you try to tweet for effective communication.
Today, a Rush caller (Greg?) asked  @POTUS 2use a pen+phone 2write executive order 4All state employees 2 go on BHOcare.
Keep up the good work. You're doing the most I've ever seen and I've been around for a while.
Did you learn how to spell ALL of the letters of your name? So proud of you, donnie!
G ok k
Meanwhile the people voting the ACA out have chosen to keep it for themselves.
so just gonna sit around and wait? No suggestions to help? What a great leader you are........
Sad.

Failed?Something you know?Create a real,viable solution-thats your job-for the citizens.Do not put out garbage.Everyone knows this stinks.
You're def gonna need a pee break before August, November, next year...NEVER? I know, I know, you can hold it longer than anyone EVER right
Have fun waiting. Perhaps you can take your fire truck for a spin instead
Provision to ban Rx drug advertising same as tobacco, $5 bil/yr saved to hlp reduce Rx prices.
You're so cool. How'd you get to be so cool?
Look at MY pen!
It's shiny!
Plz quit ur job
He still has another 7 and a half to go haha
He def won't get a second term lol
Lol depends who runs against him
No it won't lol. His approval rating is terrible bro lol
If clinton rigs the primaries again Trump will get a 2nd term
Stop sabotaging the ACA like you and the Repigs have been doing.
The failure is you!! Why not add to it not take it away. A lot is good about ObamaCare. January 20, 2021, 9:00am, please hurry up U R OUT!!
Why would you approve a failed replacement?
Only think failing at this time is your presidency.
Ready to sign, ugh? Hopefully our current premiums won't go up again. If they do, they might as well just take my whole check.
@CNN @MSNBC  Here is the proof
Don't you mean "peanut dick in tiny hand"?
This GOP senators r so gutless. @POTUS should work on 2018 n get some new GOPs in the Congress, then work on the R&R Obamacare again.
you will not be at your desk putin is sitting there your a fake president who needs to move out of the peoples house you sold us out sic
Why are you calling the replacement "failed"?
unless im golfing. or watching golf. or thinking about golf.
I'm sure that pen is someplace else other than your hand. Pretty much the same place your head is stuck in.
Resign
This bill doesn't deserve a vote let alone signing. IT IS A MEAN NASTY PIECE OF WORK. I WILL HATE YOU IF YOU STICK IT TO ME
I will be at my golf course, golf club in hand!
Repub replacements are ALL FAILURES.  Use that pen to RESIGN.  GO HOME TO MOTHER RUSSIA WITH YOUR FAMILY.  You are all power drunk.
Good. You stay at your desk like a good boy. Fewer women will get groped that way. Maybe you can relax and fit in some quality masturbation.
REPUBLICANS YOU HAVE BEEN PUT ON NOTICE!! Y'ALL BETTER HAVE A HEALTH CARE REPLACEMENT ON @POTUS desk asap!! Or be voted out!
Trump waiting anxiously to sign another piece of crap that will risk your health and take your money.
Cant wait to kill people huh?  Everyone that has anything to do w/this plan shld be forced to live w/o health care too!
President trump first needs to learn English to help maga. I guess he's appealing to the uneducated republicans..
Repeal Obamacare, let the states deal with it!!!
if Obamacare is so bad why are the senators and congress keeping it for themselves and giving Americans your shitty plan
Yeah, your Russian pen no doubt.
Are you sure you'll be at your desk? Are you sure you didn't mean to say you'll be on the golf course with a club in your tiny hands?
OMG pen in hand doodling do yiu even know what you sign uou are in collusion Complicit and Untrustworthy!!
We voted for clean repeal on November 8. Clean repeal is essential to honest reform. It is a sine qua non of reform.
Did no-one spell check this for you?
"Failed Obamacare replacement approved" I'm glad you see this new bill for what it is-Failed!! Release your taxes Comrade!
Nothing like Donnie gettin' all ready to sign a failed bill;)
You're right, it is FAILED!
Did #PresidentBannon say it was ok to keep that pen?  Don't sign anything until you get his sayso.
The Obamacare replacement has been a tremendous failure, hasn't it, Donny?
Don..uve been around Bettsy Devos too long.
And then, you'll go to jail!
I think we all know what you mean by "pen."
Just repeal we don't want replacement.  Let the market correct itself!!!!!
VETO IT!!! It screws your supporters!!!!
Shut up...Lying is going to catch up to you FINALLY. #FAKEPOTUS #IMPEACH #IMPRISON
