Absolutly agree.  I was one taken advantage of and disrespected through it all it's hard for me to have respect anymore.
are you ok ?
Have been seeing this about protest Trumps just trying to stop criminals but i just dk
he needs to know that we want change but to not let ppl in our country is a sad day in America
Mrs Deb your so right.
Mr president. Plz think about the many kids that will die with out our help. So far America vetting has worked
Pres. Could make a centiral location for ref.until they have gained citizen ship then great
yes he needs to do something. We can't let them die. I think if Bana my heart breaks
Ive slwas had to stand alone and i can zee I still do.
Do you have any pics of the Wall? Must be great now after 5 months of speedy building Trump project.
but about US
los enemigos no son los latinos
If business men like you made their products in US - their Deficits wouldnt exist, there would be more$ in economy #makethingsinamericaagain
Americans are WORRIED about Corruption, Pay To Play, Quid Pro Quo, Treason, Law & Order, Our US Constitution, Rule Of Law, Our Democracy, CyberSecurity, Nat'l Security, Free Fair Elections, Separation of Powers, Justice System, Climate Change, Pollution, Green Energy, Health Care
Do you think Mr. Donald trump that Americans buy a tripled product in its price? Making a product in Mexico is 3 to 5 times cheaper than in the United States, if you cancel the matter they will have a car 5 times more expensive than before. in United States
@realDonaldTrump / I HAVE RECEIVED NOTICE FROM TWITTER THAT THEY BLOCK YOUR TWITTER SITE! I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHY.
Yesterday!!!

Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border...
I agree . Let's close it down
Yes Mir Donald j trump president well come I am rohinngya muslim Myanmar plece
Wrong! We are people of law and order and by the way, American Citizens too. We vote for statehood on 2012.
@POTUS mexico is paying how much do they save when they cant ship there expense to us
@POTUS sir you have the wall already paid for the wall  there is a vallue to every person not coming in to US
Yep
VIVA MÉXICO!
So how is a 20% tariff that consumers ultimately   pay going to help pay for a 15 b .."who's gonna pay? Mexico!!" Not. Sad!
thank God you're the president not that lying w**** Hillary Clinton what a piece of s*** she is
#Mexico is a good neighbor w/ a top-15 economy - you are not being a good neighbor & behaving recklessly w/ both economies
go trump
true dat
is unfit to lead this nation. Must change...NOW
you are a massive danger and liability to this country
yea we rather be incahoots with Russia
the USA stole almost a half of our territory... and we are who are taking advantage? Really?
Love Mr. President, don't hate.
we buy imports from Mexico and they can't provide security ?
Step:2 E-Verify job appl. Proof of citizenship to vote.Validate use of SS# that they arent from deceased people.Will unocover fraud. Save$$$
GOD BLESS YOU SIR. You are doing the work your voters asked of you. Liberals and dems will hate. But america loves u 
so stop tweeting and do something #duh
get to think a product made in Mexico is 5 times cheaper if you consume what you "made in the United States" you will pay 5 times more in the end, you want to pay more?car now 20000 dls later 60000 dls 
 trump will be the next big depression of 29 after your departure
and you've taken advantage of the weak for a long time as well in this country.
*this must change now

You are the clear and present danger to America, taking advantage of the american people PERIOD!
taco truck on every corner dream is dead
Renegotiate NAFTA. That can solve the border issue
flint still has lead pipes and undrinkable water. Can you fix that first please?
you do realize you make your suits in Mexico right?
Yes he does! Even he will rearrange his business to meet up new American standards that benefit USA.
but I thought he divested from all of his businesses and had no say anymore? 
he's supposed to... but he won't...
“very weak border”
Was he supposed to say "very weak argument?"  #ImpeachTrump
"If there is a hard, high wall and an egg that breaks against it, I will stand on the side of the egg." Haruki Murakami.
God bless you for even thinking for a nanosecond that Donald might understand a poem.
I sense he needs more poetry in his life.
yea, cause poetry is the answer, pfft
lol yeah.  Fuck art #maga
BUILD the WALL, Build OUR Economy, STOP the DRUGS, STOP the HANDOUTS for ILLEGALS...AMERICA FIRST...#MAGA not MMexicoGA.
i was born in 51 tell Kushner he is wrong. I am happy to speak with him at anytime about his Judaism and perspective
,  praying for a wall that will protect our people.
keep up the good work your a bad ass!!
right on !
The wall is the answer. Let us Americans imigrate in masses to Mexico and see what the Mexican President action s will be
we grow avocados in America in California
made in America by American workers. Go Trump.

Yes
Donny get a shrink
You are the embarrassing loud mouth uncle at a holiday dinner! Lol
Yes! Mexico needs to keep their "finest".
I am with you bro! Let's put a huge tariff on all of their stuff, I am a patriot and don't mind paying $9 for an orange!
psst...oranges come from Florida. Lol
But get shipped out of state just like our milk
mmmm I love milk.
YOU KNOW WHO MUST CHANGE? OUR PRESIDENT! you know mexico and other countries aren't the ones affecting the society.
didn't know you also played the victim card. Poor u =( all that cheap labor. All the southwest land America calmed theirs.
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
@POTUS Give the crop jobs to prisoners.  Put them to work, no free rides on prisoners.
And no fellow american businessman has made one buck in businesses with or in Mexico. #SayNoToPropaganda
Baloney it was to the advantage of being good neighbours, you prefer special relations between Mexico and China?
@POTUS If i want a fence & my neighbor doesn't, I pay for the fence & put it on my side of the boundary.
@POTUS you are not making America's relationships great - Mexico, Germany, England etc., but certain that u r cool w/Russia
most Americans don't realize, w/ your stupid wall, tax/tariff will be passed to Americans. We'll pay 2xs 4 the wall.
yes. Sir
@POTUS haver si entendi quieres que el pais que se fue ala guerra con francia para no pagar unos pasteles te paguen el muro
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
John Quincy Adams might of said he cant put the first eagle prob right next to Sherry Exploiser dreams I have
only people. who are hate full are against.  potus
you are a fool
you gonna make a country no one wants to be in?
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
. @realDonaldTrump At least Mexico has been fighting against fascists like your supporters and cabinet for years.
yep, definitely Mexico taking advantage, that bunch of rich fuckers... #nowall
Liar @TrumpLiar
Watch Obama he is working against you secretly!  He is stirring up anarchy with the help of Soros! Get AG on this!
hahahahahaha you are hilarious
go ahead and strengthen immigration but don't build a wall. Americans don't want to pay for it and neither do wildlife.
U have taken advantage of foreign workers by paying SLAVE wages for GOODS & SERVICES. U r a CROOK.
I Hate You Mr. Trump!
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
cómo ves esto, Donald
i don't understand Trump
they don't like it to bad times are changing!!!🖒
yeah like cooking your fucking food
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
@POTUS Trump Mexico just played you.
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
but don't most of our goods come from Mexico and isn't the border your biggest "conflict" not Mexico's
if you had educated yourself to facts you would know this statement is "alternative facts" come dude!
We will save money by not paying for medical care for all the babies born here. Their crimes and gangs need to go back where they came from
amen
 Viva the Resistance!
tell us again Donny boy where your suits are manufactured? Mexico??????
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
You have taken advantage of the US for too long.  You have cost us more than Mexico in your 70 years! #OldFartP*ssyGrabber


you take us all the way past great
So now all of our food imports will be too expensive?@ilovemexicanavocados
you do business with mexico your clothing line made there who is taking advantage
oh Mr. President please explain how. We want the juicy details
how many Mexicans work in your hotels that u will benefit from as President? Provide proof you employ no Mexicans first!
And the first war, with our own neighbor, is underway. Right on schedule according to your massive meltdowns. #saveavocados
Sound,clear,fair immigration laws will protect Mexican workers in the USA from labor exploitation.
Real issue is respecting our laws and ICE and Border Patrol enforcing laws, Mexico Govt. Helps with that enforcement.
cámbiame está carnal //
@POTUS  Actually it's American company paying for the wall and finally American citizen will pay for it.
@POTUS Mexico found the cutest nickname for you Stay tuned.....La Cucaracha Naranja Gigante 
stop now.
pay for the wall yourself! You lied, just admit it for once. Increase the taxes for your supporters, not everyone! No wall
Go to Mexico! Maybe you'll not be sent to prison or worse.
thanks for spending my money twice on something that has no meaning to me.    How about making them tax paying citizens?
Don't take it personally against Mexico, if you lost businesses was YOUR fault, not Mexico's .I see why you love Russia...
@POTUS you have taken advantage of us for too long even before you became someone else's potus so did ur father and gfarhwr
Wah-...! Ah-...! 
...Mexico and America have one of the most militarized borders between two countries at peace, guy!
Annex Mexico !
Them gd Mexicans ever since the Alamo they beed sticking it to us - go for it big man!
start charging them a fee of $2.00 for every dollar they send to Mexico and that should cover the wall
Totally. Remember how they came into the US and built your McMansions for less than minimum wage?
Everyone knows ur Lying. Believe me very true..
ojala en Venezuela  el presidente dijera que va a mandar a hacer un muro entre colombina y Venezuela.
you have it all wrong we have trade deficit cause we don't produce good they need
how any Mexicans have you got Working for you?
Slander and bashing at your neighbours & weakening their economy is not going to make America great again or stop migration
♫ You can't build the wall, your hands are too small. ♪
You have zero capacity for understanding world, let alone Mexico. You already lost America.
anda pues pato ya no se exportara el AGUACATE haber como le haces para calmar a los amantes del aguacate
Taken advantage? Are you sure?

Stupid idea.
if you want to really punish them, go be their president.
they couldn't have taken advantage if we didn't let them so it is bad negotiation
