I think you are doing a great job however I am just nemo iudex
Thank you Mr. President. No more free hand outs to rich countries and the libtards are pissed about that? Wtf are they smoking? Good Job
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where.......
Liar @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
To those who seem to hate our President- You're shallow fools. Generally, you claim tolerance, but can't tolerate him. Look deeper. Think.
Sad excuse for a president):
The libtards are Bitching President using a Golf cart?@ 70 he's doing more than most have done the whole lives.The left is in suicide mode
President Donald J Trump,   Keep up the great job that you're doing! 
Come pakistan
Needed a strong man like you many years ago
What will President Trump do to put money into African Americans pockets? They are the poorest in America and have work the hardest.
Thank you for representing the USA on your trip as strength and that the USA will not be taking advantage of any longer.
Let's see who gets the last laugh.
Please stop lying. your main "achievement" was to fulfill Putin's wish to divide the USA and Germany. Europe no longer trusts you.
o well we are doing just that and you dot like to bad we the amrican people well not lose eney more
Please don't tweet incoherent babble.
Did u find out how much u r despised by the entire world except your BOTS?!?!!
You are truly delusional. How can you not be aware of the entire world laughing at you? You're a fraud and an embarrassment. Get out Donny!
I like your idea
Can you some how help the American oil industry sir?
Why hasn't your Wife moved in, not that I blame her, No one wants to sleep with you anymore. Lmao
The only President filling his campaign promises and crooked new media's mad what's that tell you
CNN MSNBC hurting Americans brainwashing are you keep up the good work president Trump
When with your president Trump Keep On Rockin in the Free World and make America great again
If you need the minute man we're here
Thank you president Trump for beating crooked Hillary Clinton's stole enough money
We all know you are doing the right thing for our country I wish the Democrat would work with you
Good luck president Trump president
Wow.  Saying president trump twice doesn't make it mean more.
Saying president 100 times also wouldn't make it mean more.
columbus ohio loves you ! Tweet during the comey trial I read them I understand them  i dont trust the fake news
So proud of all you are doing for our Country. I stand behind you 100%. As far as I'm concerned I think you are the best President ever.
Big fan doing gt work wish everyone could c we need people like u# wish we did in uk our country is a joke I would love to live in USA
You make NO mention of the Federal Reserve and its devastating effect upon our economy. Exterminate ALL Rothschild Family members.
你妹
Too bad for you that all the heads of state hate you
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
滚犊子
X3
You are an awesome President. Jesus first. Then country.
Good for you on the Paris Accord. America first!
Do you care for the world or do you want to distroy our future?' Is MONEY everything and earths health nothing?
Where they laughed at you
Adam, gay, typical Democrat and looser
My darling jack don't get so upset with Donald he is a much better president by far than Obama the Muslim.
You are the typical looser
The nations that have made us strong over the past hundred years are now planning a future without the USA as an ally. How is this good?
Awesome, best President in my lifetime. Thank you Pres. Trump!
G7 summit was in embarrassment thanks to you please rinse your mouth out with buckshot
You are the laughing stock in the whole world.  Just resign and go back to your sandbox!!
Covfefe!
EVERYWHERE ? THE WEBSTER DICTIONARY SHOULD BE RE-EDITED... 
"vague" manner in which ex president of Divided States spoke of all events
I hope you are archiving all your tweets, I want to be able to look at all of them and one time and see how truly stupid you really are....
The one where the world mocked you and thinks you're incompetent?
#ToBeIn70s means a man should show higher mind. You are 3X elder than me, your experience in politics is premature. Be man or be nothing.
#Skitzo
You,  fucking retarded, the major threat of human history after Adolf Hitler. I hope you get IMPEACHED very soon
Hahahaha
at least make a half assed attempt at making your lie believable.
you didn't even pay attention at the summit!!!! You were the only one not wearing your headphones!
O Brasil tomo na jabiraca 
Ya they're so wonderful.
Like the idea of infrequent news conferences
Wauw,youre really the stupidist president to believe there is no globale warming and getting out of the paris climate agreement. #Trump
Only you think it was  productive  meeting
  You speak and everyone ignores.
Read the European reaction.  They are banding together against all you propose.
Keep up the great work!
Embarrassing that you rode in a golf cart.  Sad! Weak! Low energy!  Really pathetic.  This will be a scene in the movies about you
All Trump supporters smell the shit on your shoes. If not, enjoy this final ride, sliding until your ass lands in that same dog shit.
Your G7 Summit meetings were a disaster.
You need new meds! The ones your taking seem to be causing you to suffer from delusions.

Who cares
you live and love America,I wish African leaders could emulate you
your son will suffer the consequences if you don't stick with it.youll be dead thank god
what he fuck is your problem? More people would like you if you stuck with it. Do one decent thing
#TraitorTrump is the only one who felt he added ANY value to the G7. This guy is a waste and needs to go.
liar
Other countries have been milking the US for years, its time to change that
Unfortunately  you're  too stupid,  too hugely  stupid to know better . # we elected an asshole
"Great meetings on everything"  - what a vocabulary you have.
THE END IS NEARPlease change the color of your makeup, won't go well with the orange jumpsuit you r gonna be wearing
WRONG. But truth is not a priority
Well, U r back now just in time to start packing your shit upYou'll go down in history biggliess as the most INFAMOUS POTUS ever
Fake news
My fave part was when Macron squeezed your hand really, really hard. #lol #Trump
Another class act.
I'm sorry malania recoiled from you so publicly #wearemelania
YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS IT WAS GREAT - YOU JUST DON'T GET IT.
no tweeting no reading tweets
it would only discourage 
God's wisdom would help you rule better
Yea! :)
You TOTALLY embarrassed the US. Better if you had stayed home.
They were laughing at you jerk!!
Was trump born in Russia?

Lol...U have the intelligence to understand all that...I thought u just shove
You were, and still are, the laughing stock of all of Europe.
Great great great, so how about every american citizen being provided with HEALTHCARE.  Like it should be
You needed a nap, you couldn't keep up. Living like a faux monarch is catching up with you. #TRUMPhasNOstamina

Funny, all the G7 folks are openly mocking you and the US now
they thought you were a joke and a danger to the world, just so ya know - everyone else knows it
they all hate you. Was that your goal?
It seems we are forgotten; ones on Social Security. Everything is going up except our benefits.
hope  they give ya the inside scoop on obama/hillary?
the media is misleading, what are your plans in ensuring that the right informations re been disseminated.
You FAILED MISERABLY, how dare you! YOU work for US! At what point did you miss the fact you succeeded at NOTING?  How dare you!
You are a joke to world leaders: unfit and not legit.
I am in the export business from USA to South America of specialty trucks no help for small business !
Merkel - Europe's relationship with  U.S. shifted significantly following NATO & G-7 meetings w/Pres Trump - produced disappointing results
Of course it did , she just imported an army of her own.
Not what THEY'RE saying Delusional One
Jet lag or dementia kicking in? Partners are turning away from your BS. @CNN
You insulted our front line allies. We are no longer leader of free world. #WhiteSupremacist terrorize #POC in USA because of your silence.
Then consider yourself lucky! Other #POC are being killed by #WhiteSupremacist as are the heroes trying to protect them. Black & Jewish?
Do you not know the history of your city? Vanport & Albina? Discrimination and Gentrification have displaced #POC throughout Portland. WTF?
Gentrification is NOW. Quit #FakeNews! Of course if you moved to Portland and your relatives didn't get screwed by #WhitePrivilege, I guess?
#FakeNewsPOTUS
Well the #fakenews -- which I guess is just about every major publication, didn't see it the way you did.
You were an embarassment !!!
you were the class clown they have no respect for you
One of the wealthiest business men ever. Had previous relationships with half the world's leaders. Got 61 million American votes. Nuff said
Russian traitor
Humiliating
Wish you all the best!
We are traveling in Europe and Africa now. You are not admired by the people over here nor the politicians and country leaders.
Being laughed at by the leaders of other nations is what you call great ? We call it humiliating...
Please notice: not every follower agrees w/ you. I do not regard your trip as a success!
Did you discuss you disgusting obesity and misogyny and rapidly approaching ALZ?
Yea why don't you try Pissing into the Wind and see how wet you get, since your into Golden showers, that's part of combe report I read
