
So, why are we not removing Federal income tax, altogether,  for those earning 30,000 and less per year?
Thank you sir
We would love to use these photos in a magazine article about Lynetta Griner being in Round Table. Where can I find hi res versions, pls?
you have to understand that everybody stop caring about the executive orders, they are as meaningless as your presidency.
The mental health cause is very important to me. They are making everybody acknowledge it. You won't hear 1 bad word from me about
pretty sure you're not a real person. But, I don't understand what you replied, how is relevant or relate with my comment.
So many sore loosers. Get off twitter and do something posative.
Yes we have now entered an era if perpetual warfare. I think then we should remove Federal income tax, for those earning 30,000 and less.
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America' Executive Order:… http://luxmea.co/ ...
Look how orange you look.
Pretty good
Federal income tax is only constitutionally legal during time of war anyway--absent the usurpations that have installed it permanently.
WHERE WOULD YOU BE WITHOUT YOUR EXPENSIVE LAWYERS AND FRIEND WITH A BAD HAIRCUT MATCHING YOUR OWN.
【衝撃】北朝鮮・総連にTBSが暴力団報復を受け続けている【米軍が置いた日本にいる反日朝鮮人の集まり】テレビ朝日も尻尾を巻いて逃げる。日本を米国に編入し米国憲法により日本国から追放すべ
まず日本国憲法を破棄しないと日本自衛軍に成無い
中共を崇拝しなさいという国民教育に対する香港の反対デモの写真が、
中国の新浪微博でも紹介されました。
ネット警察はあわてて削除しました。
そして政府はこれはiPhone5を買うための行列ですと嘘をいいました 
看不懂你说的什么
Get $250 to spend at Costco by doing this small survey https://www.cpagrip.com/show.php?l=0&u=106353&id=10662&tracking_id= …
Yet another useless E/O with out policy, no legs to stand on. Ask your advisors about E/O's without policy. only superficial without policy.

The whole world knows that BIAFRA  existed before Nigeria and marginalised by the British for selfish interest. BIAFRA last year were killed 
中国空母の実力最新 上海で建造中の3号艦が要注意！
日本朝鮮族朝日新聞曰く　水爆一発だけなら誤射かも知れない。
韓国左翼　支那　北朝鮮　の策略
South Korea is not a democratic country
#タックスヘイブン #朝鮮族 #経団連 は間違いなく
日本人を下請けにこきつかうほぼ #ブラック企業 の #在日組織  
独占企業は日本に法人税を0.03%しか払わない組織　御前等祖国の為に帰れ
#朝鮮族 民進党の内閣部門会議は、5日、青少年をインターネット上の有害情報から守る理由付で、フィルタリング義務を強化する「日本人だけヘイト規制法」の次に「日本人だけ青少年インターネット規制法案」について法案審査を行った https://www.minshin.or.jp/a/111393    #民進党
screw Americans and our health
do u eat or not n what do u eat roasted snakes n rice
Cut the fat Farm bureau has more employees than the US has farmers! Fire them all... blow up Monsanto and set farmers free #MAGA
If what you mean by "Prosperity" is to allow water pollution to kill fish &poisoning drinking water, you are short sighted.
Robots & tech NO illegal aliens are needed for farmers
Robots & tech No illegal aliens for farmers
That was so very brace of you.  Another meaningless executive order. Thanks Dump.
日本国民は気付かなければいけない日本会議・神道会・創価学会・幸福の科学・統一教会などなど・・宗教団体が日本を支配している！！　
このまま不正選挙と安倍政権・維新を放置しておいたら　４０％の重税より更なる重税と派遣法で安給により　老後保障なく殺される！
5/2(火) 百田尚樹・櫻井よしこ【虎8】日本政府は #売国奴 #支那　#朝鮮族　安倍政権がオーストラリア、米国、カナダ、欧米、特に米国の擁壁である。日本北海道を100ha単位で敵国に率先して売却している #危険「#HELP」支那人が自国を捨て全世界にゴキブリの如く拡散
日米の合同を支持する64％。北のミサイルに脅威を感じ90%。メディアよりも国民の意識の方が上をいっている。（櫻井氏）#虎8
Your Honor, do you ever have anyth!ing bad to tweet?  I lice you....goodnight!
I am a veteran. I voted for you. How have you helped us? My family and I suffer daily.
You thought a rich billionaire with a gold toilet would suddenly help you?  This is the president you deserve.
Sure wish you'd overturn the "#Monsanto Protection Act" and the #Pompeo sponsored "#DarkAct" which hides #GMO ingredients from consumers
hi
I think you have to give a shit about rural society before u can achieve rural prosperity
#youcantwearbootswitharmanisuits
How's this going to help when the water, air and soil are polluted?
Be a bit hard to grow crops with an oil spill in your field, but then you're so ignorant you think food just appears.
You're (WASTING) ink those EXECUTIVE orders means what...NOTHING I guess that works for your EGO but it's WORTHLESS 4 real
The BEST way to promote agriculture and rural prosperity is to legalize marijuana/hemp! Let's see how serious he is to make America Great!
What a day u had !!  Harder than u thought ?? Ha

Why is @BarackObama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest
 http://1.usa.gov/Lxe4xg 
Awesome
【竹田恒泰】アメリカ、対北朝鮮『海上封鎖』そのとき日本は公明党の所為で何もできません『北朝鮮族公明党』日本の安保法整備公明党の妨害で進まぬ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5hGUPQnPaM&t=2s …
韓国『日本への国際条約適用を否定する』国交断絶級日本が先般国家だから何をしてもいい　此奴等支那人とまとめて地球から居なくしたい。
You spoke against EO's now that's the only way you losers can do anything. Abolish and Replace each and every one of you. You're Fired!!
wha?
Best president ever !!
武田邦彦・大高未貴・藤井厳喜【虎8】日本に攻撃を加える「#支那 #朝鮮族 は丸腰の人間を惨殺得意」「憲法9条破棄ヤッテル暇など無い日本人全員に自動小銃と手榴弾ロケットランチャーと自治体に迎撃ミサイル必要　国民が報復する力が抑止力だ」https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsIYQC00td4 …
「#支那 #朝鮮族 は丸腰の人間を惨殺得意」米国が得意の得意な世界に不要な嘘吐き残虐民族は綺麗に居なくして再開発すべき。盗賊等の為である。
Vets still have to go through the VA approval to get the dr of their choice.  They have done nothing for my family. My husband has CANCER!
It was hilarious watching you admit you never read this (lots of words) before signing it! Illiterate!
My realkarnasyon fört tıme 1 see world Kızılderili görl name Dolunay and 101 today lıfe my.And my realkarnasyon makinic 19 years old read.
A.B.D.General togader my frend and.Kızılderili my frend togader förs tıme U.S.A food working Kızılderili togader.my Dolunay realkarnosyon
Hope Canada doesn't lower their milk prices. You wouldn't care Invet Baron gets fresh whole milk
Especially here in Michigan, farmers everywhere thank you. Everyone, everywhere has to eat...thankful for farmers. MAGA!
Loser!
How many EOs can Trump sign his name on and take credit for the underlying policy
And just what does that mean? "I king #TrumptyDumpty declare that all rural america will prosper!"
Good idea  my President
Thumbs Up Your Honorable Mr. President Donald J.Trump
Hopefully this means they will be able to grow something besides #DEADLY GMO MONSANTO CORN in the #USA
がんばれ

Did you read this one?
「#我那覇真子」
日本は国家主権以前の実質的国家主体がないのが問題で、さらに深刻なのはこの異常事態に対し国民が関心がない、ということ、なぜ主体を失くしたのか、それは先の大戦における我が国の大義を自ら捨て去ったということが原因に尽きる
二階幹事長最悪「悪夢の構想」：17.0429(産経)：日本のＡＩＩＢ参加可能性、自民党の「#親中 #日中議連 は#自民党 #支那工作機関」#二階俊博 幹事長が言及　「一帯一路」構想に「最大限の協力」
安倍総理の参謀が史上最低の馬鹿揃い
売国度数SSS＋#二階俊博＝人権擁護法案推進、国籍法改悪推進 中国へ東シナ海ガス田献上画策、中共のスパイ ｸﾞﾘｰﾝﾋﾟｱ南紀を中国のﾍﾟｰﾊﾟｰｶﾝﾊﾟﾆｰ『香港BOAO』に献上  反日教育を推進した江沢民像を建てようとする
While this Dream Team is rebuilding the USA, northern neighbours are destroying Canada, all because he was seduced by Obama!
Sorry you did not know how hard being President of the United States  was. Bless your heart!
Please before you cut our collective throats look at the existing subsidies and markets. China used by buy grain & we exported lots of dairy
We need Massive cleanup now.  No trees no air, Our country is dying, animals are dead.  WAKE UP MR. TRUMP
Again, Chemtrails, Monsanto (g e trees in our national forests and agriculture toxins) Fukoshima  (Pacific Ocean is dead) radiation,
TRUMP AMERICA =VOTE RED = DEAD ANIMALS! BIG AG POWERS = ANIMAL CRUEKTY! ENTIRE TRUMP FAMILY ANIMAL ABUSERS!
Great Job  & keep the good works for Mr COMMANDER and CHIEF,
Good job Mr. President !
it is great that you are not going to help Puerto Rico!!!! Thank you thank you
Please take care of our earth and support clean energy @realDonaldTrump
#Mr president please do not delay the restoration of Biafra this year#look pope can speak for us#We Biafrans can speak for ourselves#Netanya
Only EO. That is how you get things done. You citizen Obama and the few EO'S he signed. You are useless.
Supporting our EPA, rather than gutting it would've been a better start.
You've already signed 3x more EOs than Obama. Remember what you said about that? http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/seth-meyers-uses-trumps-words-against-him-in-fiery-takedown_us_59016d7fe4b0026db1de1e4d … #executiveorder #eo #liarinchief
Another EO?  Does this one say how you will achieve its goal or does it just set forth another platitude?
#FlashbackFriday “I don't like executive orders. That is not what the country was based on" - @realDonaldTrump, Aug 2015 → #Trump100Days
The chances Donald's order WILL ACTUALLY result in rural prosperity?  Zero.
Give Ryan lots of time for his version of tax reform. Hasn't happened in 31 years, won't happen overnight. Neither will HC.
How can you be a nationalist and a globalist? !
agriculture made america
Libs aka the resistance wants anarchy. Give it to them who ever left standing WINS.
So I assume you are going to continue greatest "government handouts " of all time - farm subsidies. I'm sure they're grateful
Won't that clash with you insistence of killing our environment? You know coal waste  , pipelines leaking in to fields and water supply?
how about releasing your taxes...afraid of what they'll show? "they're under audit" doesn't hold true.. man up
农村包围城市，老毛的招
Instead of Exec Orders try passing something thru congress LOL...So so SAD
Love you @POTUS ! Thank you. THANK YOU. THANK YOU!!!!
Wall, Muslim ban, End Obamacare, immigration, leave NAFTA, infrastructure, only USA but u dropped bombs etc.. U FAILED Trumpsters
MAKE FARMERS GREAT AGAIN
Funny, you griped about Obama ruling through Executive Order, but you have yet to even try to work with Congress on anything...
I remember when you criticize the president Obama for signing executive orders. That's all you do these days proving you can't do anything.
Yeah, sure. You are fucking up life for everyone, creating inflation and ruining democracy. Lying old windbag.
If that's your goal, get those disgusting Agri-corps out of our food chain! They poison natural resources & promote animal cruelty!
Good Idea ...Now if we could just get all those deported field workers back ... It might actually work Donnie .. #BrainDead
WoW
really why does this sound more like a con game ????
Thankyou Mr President. So refreshing to finally have A grown-up running things again
Executive order = house and Senate doesn't want to be associated with this crap.
show and tell time hey tell the White House to answer the phones unbeatable  Obama 8 yrs call get ri fht in ?????
Happy birthday
Usa, el granero del mundo..... y ahora con esto? ....mas aun..... le venderan granos a todo el mundo
