I like what your doing for America, but when doing the tax code, you forgot the retiree. To eliminate deductions will cause financial death.
When doing the new tax code, you may think you’ve stimulated revenue in the areas that mean the most, but you’ve brought fin death to retire
Do you know how hated you are? Can you conceive of how deeply loathed and despised you are?  /1
The only hated us you Tom
The what?

Don't forget about this story. The FBI is investigating whether the Kremlin funneled money through the @NRA to illegally get it into @realDonaldTrump's campaign.
https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/the-trump-russia-nra-connection-heres-what-you-need-to-know-w515615 …
Mr. President, please help me
Stay away you ain't nothing but trouble
Thank you for being who you are & your faith! I pray we stay united under God, one nation indivisible liberty & justice for ALL!
Try not to say anything stupid for once.
Alto gatito :'v
My number 0757320689
What's FEMA?
Donald Trump is the best president we have had so far
Not afraid of political correctness
I wanna get on board
FEMA is a joke like you
Prayers for safe travels in Jesus name amen
Hallo take me to America
you are the president who really was missing in this country live donal trun

Asking my cousin in Florida how she was doing She said "Our President loves us" 
He sure does!!!
WE THE PEOPLE!!! PLEASE SHARE!!
Maybe you can learn something about bravery while you're with them. Let us know.
Thank you travel safe
Help Puerto Rico ASAP
and play a little golf.

Fema? Hurricane Katrina.. Did you forget?
and why are you telling this. You know we do not care.
Fn
Best job of any President since Reagan, you are the man as you already know!
, Is it true about OBAMA CARE Senate Bill HR 6939? #15 chip in body? It Passed? Chip &Trace or Tagged, Bagged, & Buried?
God bless you Mr president, don't mind the old man that dose not want to handover power.
Hell
What did Florida do wrong? Coast Guard and FEMA are professionals they don't need your interference
Yes they are.
A little late do not you think????
President Trump is the Best and truly cares abt America and Americans working his A** off to MAGA for the USA
You are being prayed for sir, may you be cover with the blood of Jesus and may God grant you His wisdom to lead us!

Donald , great work this week in the big Apple,kneed get out for a good trip South see how those folks are doing in the Sunshine State.
GENOCIDE in Nigeria (Killing of The Igbo's).
The Igbos, mostly Christians are currently massacred by Buhari's Troop - Armed Northern Muslims
Didn't they suffer enough stay sway
Thanks for showing up after most of the work was done
Do everyone a favor, and stay in Florida!
Please don't. We're good man, you can keep playing gulf and pardoning murdering racists..
#trumpsuxbutts
Safe traveling
P
So caring
Our first responders are the best. Have they slept yet?
Put Ransic in charge of rebuilding. I want to see you command the rebuild. Set up FB page for painters, drywall, and cement workers.
You are President for such a time as this. You know people to put in charge of gov rebuild. Chance to train carpenters under skilled workers
@realDonaldTrump  People hate you. Your a cheater.. HILLARY CLINTON WON BY POPULAR VOTE
Can I come this time?
Please don't
Zippety Doo Da.  You need to announce this?
What about the victims? #trumpisanidiot
How your mansion any damage?
Need to survey Maralago damage eh
Congrats to coast guard....@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Puto
Thanks for Being Proactive in Florida
Not finishing an area before moving on.
Restoring of power in Npls is a joke.
I see people still don't know how things work, you are doing a great job and the Dems need to get over it and work with you
Praying for you ,God chose you sir ,a profet of God ,told us God was going to use you,and a man named pence to bring us back, kim clement
I wish you shut up for once
where is your million dollar donation? Lol one time is cool. Second time, ehhhhh ill pass
Ok Make sure you wear your big girl panties!
And no one helping in Golden gate city Naples area.  Could use water, ice , food  many people.
Oh oh ok
Our awesome President Trump  !! MAGA!! Great day for the MOAR, too. 
Please exert pressure on Japan. Japan supports North Korea through pachinko gaming.
Says the worst President Ever.
Good luck
Tama
Thank you President Obama for restoring FEMA to be ready for these incidents - @realDonaldTrump you should thank him too.
Burning coal from our coal mines! With hold the coal from China & N. Korea and any other country helping them! They will reconsider! Bet you
Thank you, POTUS TRUMP! Praying for you & your enemies! Jesus asked for us to do! If they don't turn from evil, burning coals on their heads
Mr.President  NO DEALS!
I've been here all day, haven't seen you yet.
The Word of God taught you to tweet such disrespect Bishop? Not in the book I read and live.
You are awesome. Been so hard on my brother in Houston. Hasn't seen a penny, lost everything. Where does all that donation money go?
Landfills will need protection from the amount of potential garbage, thus wood sorters, recyclers, and grinders will need proper funding.
Infrastructure will need investment, but individual agencies will need watching, because requests will naturally be larger than afforded.
Keep a very good eye on FEMA and others to prevent mass waste in spending. The people know what they need, so include them in the process.
Yeah, I used to hang in the states.  Florida mainly… A fortnight in Florida. Yeah, good days.
hey, don't forget their paid and the victims need big $$ help,encourage donations every day to diminish the gov. help!!
We need our power back FPL CUANDO CUANDO CUANDO
the president should worry because the City of Miami is so poorly organized to recover after this hurricane..I am without electricity 7 days
Bishop!! You shut Up!!
I'm visiting the U.K....they hate you over here. You are the topic of discussion...and they want you gone (and I agree!)
.....and play golf.
What if the crowd size is not to your liking. Will someone be fired?
As for you "Bishop", remember what it reads in the Bible about judging?
Maybe you should meet the people effected by the storm.
For pretending to be think full
You're doing something. AT LAST!!!!
Stay away!!!!
@FLGovScott @mike_pence Thx, but what's with FPL, ATT? FPL spends $$$+ & this happens in 1 storm in Broward, crazy! God forbid a Houston!
Ew
Come on... Tell the truth.... You're going to sneak in a round of golf and check on the progress at Mar A Largo! #TangerineMan
Where is the people who watch obama break the law at
#trump2020
My 3 children want to meet you.

Thanks for everything you are doing for the people in FL & TX. I was proud to see you in FL. Your are the Greatest President ever in the US.
You mean the Coast Guard  & FEMA whose budgets U want to slash? #FakePresident
The true first responders in my eyes as a Floridian was the guys who got my power back on.
THANK GOD there are people who ARE heroes. If we had to rely on you, the BIGGEST COWARD of them all, we'd be screwed. Oh wait, we are.
Make a side trip to MX, be sure ya congratulate their quake responders too; Now that we're one w MX n all. Weak!
Finally !!!!! You are doing something good!!!!
Yes you should stay home otherwise you will be tempted to open you. If fat mouth and say the wrong things.
The problem is that anything can be explained by science is called the will of God by the religious right . They don't want to understand

Stay on point Mr. President! We can't believe what you signed last night! BUILD THE WALL!!
Please help the Biafrans, ours is hurricane of Nigeria army slaughtering civilians
How can I accommodate myself in your team, to use my talent of Excellent Thought Process, I am from India. Thanks
Bless you and yours, Mr. President! May God hedge you in His protection and may you negotiate fearlessly for We The People! Praying...
Present trump plz SOS  porma  pepole .they are killing.i hope you make something for God
Good man
Thank you for caring & your humble spirit...love my President
Haven't they suffered enough!!!!!!
Ha you mean for your rich friends!  You are despicable
Messenger" "We the People" here. Hundreds of billions on war on drugs. 45 B on point crisis no wall ever Congress is enabler for drug cartel
Build the wall
Well look who has an editor for Twitter , first "feeling" in any recent posts, almost believeable. 

Please help! We need it urgently! I am mad at how we get no help here in belleview/oakridge
Where is @dennisbaxley ?
Will you tell them to have a good time, too? #Embarrassment #NotMyPresident #RESIST #PERSIST
Bull shit
Go trump
one but yourself. Shame on you for not being a man of your word and allowing good people to be trashed for you.
Continue on. Leverage DACA for the wall. I am still with you but teetering as you wobble on issues. Be the negotiator u claim
Yeah i beg to differ..lehigh acres took the hardest hit believe it or not
is that before you go on tv and lie to us again, build the fucking wall, kick DACA criminals out now not in 6 months.
BC you forgot the art of the deal. Also, all of the ppl that voted for you have gotten beat up,called every name in the book to support you
Hey, while you are busy disappointing the ppl that voted for you and giving America away hand over fist, try reading the book you wrote
Trump you dropped the ball on everyone that voted for you.Prez Reagan tried the same amnesty trick you pulled today and it didn't work.
You welcome
Stay home, Hurricane Ego.
Crash.  Please.  Crash
Thank you for all you do Mr President.
Mr President please stick to your campaign promises on DACA, immigration, taxes ECT. You are losing many of us if you don't. Sorry.
YOU BETTER NOT F UP THIS DACA THING AND THE BORDER WALL OR YOU ARE THE WORST DEAL MAKER EVER AND NEVER GET REELECTED  HONOR YOUR PROMISE !!
TY !
We have incredible first responder and dedicated people who were prepared.
Bb lol I'll, no no no no no z k zzz mb a z,, I'm q home in bed, can be waiting w
We love u president Trump be safe god bless you and protect you
And your beautiful family congratulations on your grandson he so beautiful
They don't want you there
Great response to both hurricanes, even Democrats say good job. Almost like he has experience managing real estate damage.
Thankful that President Trump  & VP Pence are in Florida to help and offer support. God bless all of Hurricane Irma's victims.
Wall before #daca!
Thank you for your ongoing support and involvement during this chaotic & horrendous event.
Does  it really matter?
tell Fema when your there the money they received is to help people not be told get a loan through them and pay it back its bullshit
Reagan gave amnesty to 20 million on democratic promises. Fool me once shame on democrats, fool us twice shame on #TrumpTrain. Sad sad 
I'm sure they'll appreciate you wasting their valuable time for your photo op.
To tell them thanks for your hard work, but I've asked 2 cut each of your budgets significantly..
Others= Olegarchs
Going to sell your hats?
Come visit
Please stop putting adjective before every noun. Not every noun need adjective, especially proper noun.
Getting in the way of hard working people and taking credit for things you did not do.
Stay away
