Please keep up the Great work for your country. We're proud of you!!!
Didn't you mama teach not to lie???!
Did you get enough government cheese?
There are many great people in Wisconsin....
You pass the " smell test" it's ALL good
With the slow economic curve we've had for some time you'd think people would appreciate a week dedicated to jobs and growth.
On behalf of the remaining 49 states I apologize to everyone in #Wisconsin.
Jealous much! We helped him win sore LOSER LMAO
Awesome.
Goat
Are the streets made of cheese or just your hair
I supported you in the beginning. You you never fail to disapoint and enough is enough - YOU MAKE ME SICK
Please join us in the resistance and fight against this horrible man.
Ok and whst. U tricked ys again
I can't wait to see you impeached!
You know what's super great? 60% + of the country thinks you suck.
What a great blanket statement to cover your half assed heated lies.
You ruin every day

yeah, beautiful view of all the peasants about to lose their healthcare....and in mega crash @federalreserve is engineering, their savings
Get after Hillary
The people are better when you stay home.  How much did this campaign trip cost the American people?
Yes Jim Phillips he is Muslim Das good
What a disgusting tweet, this is why you should be impeached
Drone this Duck, Lord Emperor
Great big joke.
@USAOpenYourEyes @100PercFEDUP Mr President we are SO PROUD of you as our Comm & Chf.Thank You so much for working so hard for "WeThePeople"
I love cheese
Did you get a cheesehead hat?
Fucj off
Jeremiah 1:19
They will fight against you, But they shall not prevail against you. For I am with you,” says the [1/2]
#Lord, “to deliver you.” [2/2]
MAY THE GOD OF ABRAHAM BLESS AND KEEP YOU and GRANT U WISDOM!!!
Trump needs all the prayers he can get# russiangate
He is not a Christian.  Would Jesus do any of the things trump is proud of
Hillary was? I think NOT. She is a huge liar!Just like her husband!
On platitudes
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 6 Days, 14 Hours, 6 Minutes, and 15 Seconds
Typo.   7 years
how much cheese did you eat bitch
i can't stop laughing at this. it's so curious yet hostile


That's because Hillary is worse.

Yes, Trump is fatter.
Happy birthday master of arab kings , presidents and princes .. You father of Ivanka the train
هدي اعضائك يا علامه او افينكا مش فاضي بيلم الغله
قلنا ندحرج التماسي ع ابو القطر
Excellent cheese.  You suck.

And?
I'm just a man, kitten. No need to get all hysterical on us.
Oh, I just thought we were sharing pictures of how we like to handle dirty dishes...?
Nope, but that's why you need a man to tell you what's right and what's wrong, and to give you a purpose in life.

You are truly a one word president. A great Covfefe. Great loser, great great user, great xenophobic, great bully and the GREAT fake.

I love how that scene the old lady being racist thinking they were terrorist, when they were talking about innocent things. Youre a racist.
Forgive me... I didn't mean to hit "retweet!!
People from Wisconsin (myself) are real. They tell it like it is. I've often been told we are thee friendliest & I agree!
That cheese went right to your ass.
Man you look like a tragedy one heroin overdose from making a lot of people happy.
You have some
plz just make everyone has to show ID at the time of voting
Don't let The Koreans Bomb us.
How's the "major, incredible" deal coming along that you promised the Wisconsin people? As good as your wall?
Seems like you were mainly there to help Scott Walker get reelected… if Republicans were "winning" so much, why did he need you?
Every single adjective in Trump's vocabulary:

- Great
- Huge
- Big(ly)
- SAD
- Fake

Please correct me if I'm wrong, Mr. President.
Don't forget "terrific" and "happy," as in "[Trumpcare is] going to be terrific! You're going to be very, very happy!" Happy! Terrific!

Don't ever give up Trump we got your back we need u our vote does count
I don't get it why have immigrants here for 20+yrs n they didn't become a citizen
Sounds fun, did you try the cheese?
Great people
I have literally never cared less about anything
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!...
who cares

Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
Meanwhile, Trump's disapproval rating hits 60%--a record high. American people want transparency & oppose radical policies of this admin.
You guys really can't use ratings for eanythkng except who to predict will lose the election by 98 percent haha you guys and your "facts"
FAKE NEWS!!  How much of a bunch of lap dogs are his followers that they constantly try to refute all of the facts?
Provide me some facts please. First start with the law he broke that there is no evidence for that's going to get him impeached?
See above. Let's be honest, you won't listen anyway. MAGA-milkers live in willfull ignorance and constant denial.
Not true sir I've admitted I'm wrong several times.Just don't like watching people waste an elected president time while he's trying to MAGA
The emoluments clause. As per the newly filed lawsuit against him.
Ehh just a trick to circumvent getting his tax returns. Most likely not going to work plus he paid more taxes than Bernie.
Well his precious son calling half of America "not even human" does WONDERS for unity 
I agree it's a problem from all sides.  But generally, "leaders" are supposed to lead by example.  Their example is more division.
I...don't see him changing. At all.  He panders to his base, visits only areas he won, still with the erratic combative tweeting.
It won't be a great day until you're impeached.
Make Wisconsin great again :)
Did you enjoy all the protestors? Bet Ivanka was disturbed by the viciousness that is so upsetting. Why was she even there?
Don't forget all the ones protesting you along the way!
So thankful for you President Trump. Praying for you and your family and your administration daily.
Debra Lawrence is a bot
Too bad your only success is losing the popular vote and winning the electoral college with the help of the Russians. Wow! U beat Hillary
U are the best precident sir !! 
He's a CLOWN 
wth ?!? Come on men, dont judge,because u aren't perfect 
So you like the 1% gttg a $880 BILLION txcut? Wrappd into scam AHCA, U like medcaid gttg cut $800Bil also to cvr 1% tax cuts, u like that?
Yeah right campaigning on our tab
Don't come back.
Protesters don't bother you anymore.
Most of them want you out!!
please leave medicaid alone dont give it to the rich i hope senate doesnt pass it
I see you're limiting yourself to super-short sentences..did your brain cells burn away in Wisconsin?
Happy Birthday
OK we don't agree on much, but Wisconsin does have some great folks!
Bot
Wisconsin is absolutely great, along with all the other states. Check it out #GoPackers
GOP senators might not realize it, but not one state supports the replacement health bill http://nyti.ms/2sagmtD  
Lotsa bots on trumputin twitter!
H
You had to get outta town while Sessions burned!
Happy Birthday Mr P
Bot
there were two shootings today and a fire in London.  Many people died today and all you can talk about is Wisconsin. Lame.
Stay in DC and try to lead the nation or is that to hard for you? Can't take credit for legislation never passed as claimed in cabinet meet.
Wisconsin IS great!! You, on the other hand, are not.
https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower3.html 
So happy to see you leave!
Guess what bucko-you are the bigly winner of criminal investigation 4 obstruction & financial crimes in addition to collusion!
High crimes!
Lets make a deal! Behind door #1 russia, #2 embzzlg wth rssn gangstrs #3 PRISON
Wisconson sucks and so do you.
Great cows. Love the cheese. Hate the accents. Love the votes. Still campaigning.
Happy Birthday Mr. Trump and there is no better gift for you on this day than the gift of being under criminal investigation.
Definitely great now that you are finally under investigation for obstruction of justice. I was worried our system completely failed.
Trump: "Just got back from my Dictators Support Group in Moscow: Great day, Great dictators!". Someone hook this boobus off the stage.
WHAT A MAROON!!!!
Yes, exactafuckinglutely! Couldn't he just go somewhere and stay there for a year or so?

His supporters are so cute.

Great day to show great people your tax returns!!
Eat any cheese? Say Cheese? packers fan?  Yeah right.
Funny, we thought you went to Russia.  россия
Yup! And a state now with greater divisions between working class because your buddy, Walker, was against the union.  Narcissists!!!
I try to figure out what kind of federal aid they were on. I think of them as hobos.canot imaging a man with family&job spilling hatred.
Yeah, I bet the GE workers in Waukesha were just thrilled to have you there talking about JOBS JOBS JOBS... Jerk.
Why didn't you stay there
didn't wanna grab a beer at Erin Hills with me or what Prez?
Luke  18:19  And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? none is good, save one, that is, God.
Great to get away from Washington during those pesky testimonies!
And stay the hell out.
Just so you know, Americans don't give a rat's ass about your coming and goings unless it's you leaving the White House permanently!
Happy Birthday, your Bday present, officially being investigated by Special Counsel for obstruction of Justice from #TheResistance
Then why do you want to KILL them with Trump"care?"  You're such a lying HYPOCRITE.
Collusion MSM and Those who plot Americas Demise.  20 Trillion in dept.  THIS IS NO ACCIDENT WAKE THE £π€K UP!!!!!
Took my friends over 2 hours to get home from work and missed his kids baseball game because you fucked up the interstate. Don't come here.
They said because of you,  their jobs heading to canada
Obstruction.   Obstruction.   Obstruction. Resign
As a multi 7 genstation Chicano American, I ask why do you Hate Latinos do much. No one believes otherwise.
people tell your congressman to vote against trumpcare trump said he would make medicaid better he lied
Still having a great day?  http://cnn.it/2rWz4a1 . #underinvestigation #tRumprussia #collusion
An embarrassment as Potus.  Can't come to call u pres given real power is with racist President Bannon.
We need to drain the Wisconsin swamp from @ScottWalker and @realDonaldTrump. Then it will be a great place with great people!!
You're the gd worst
You are sad!  Can't live without your butt missing fests!
we don't like you
Happy Birthday, Fucko. 
Your gift is confirmation that you, personally, are under confirmed FBI investigation.  #SAD!!
If you care about the people then first provide the GREAT, Beautiful Affordable healthcare u promised! Our country/people deserve the best.
Too bad plane didn't go down
Never come back here.
When are you going to stay in the white house and get to work and not go campaigning
Love Wisconsin - Had a great time performing in the Green Bay area! #SupportTheArts
good work
@LordJ2727

Happy birthday Mr President...have a blessed day
did you try the cheese you SoCalledPrecedent? and say hi to Ron?
Wisconsin people hate Trump. Barely 41% approve, 47% disapprove. Trump is a yuge loser. #fucktrump @VP @FLOTUS @Impeach_D_Trump
Latina4TRUMP!!!..We love you Mr. TRUMP!!..When I see people trashing my pres.TRUMP!!..I take a good look of them and try to figure out.....
The people from Wisconsin are great
Happy Birthday Mr. President
Stop holding campaign rallies and act like you're POTUS. On second thought, keep attending campaign rallies and don't act like you're POTUS.
Mr President....we love u MAGA
Who cares
Great? How would you know from your Manhattan apt, Super WHITE House and Mar a Lago estate?!!
Best wishes to you,Chairman Trump
Happy bday Mr Trump =]
Great Leader
I know we are great. Hope some of our greatness and smartness rubbed off on you Mr. Dump
happy OBSTRUCTION of JUSTICE day
 WOULD LIKE  I GUESS
God Bless You and Thank you, You #MAGA literally!
68% of them are glad you have left the state. You are terrible for America. Can't even make any money in Vegas off your impeachment odds.
Great day? I can't possibly disagree more. Steve Scolis shot??? We were all attacked today! How can you say one thing & mean another???
So Comey told you 3 times you're not under investigation. Guess what? You are now because of your big mouth!! You're not fit to be a janitor

Heard you were going to have Mueller fired. Guess you can't now, since it is a fact that you r being investigated for obstruction. Lol
What is your favorite thing about Wisconsin people?
I live in Wisconsin and it sucked when you were in the state!  Stay Out!
When you coming on your state visit then
What the hex is going on  there not treating you farley.. so direct  your focas on North Korea. Take them out now before it's to late..
Ever heard the story of Icarus Mr. President?
Happy Birthday Mr. President. Thanks for all you do.
Vladimir? Is that you, Vladimir?
Happy birthday. Be good. Be kind. 
how much did that cost us?
Be PROFESSIONAL. STOP TWEETING. YOU ARE MAKING SOME OF US REGRET VOTING FOR YOU. MIKE PENCE PLZ TAKE OVER!!!
Happy Birthday Mr. President.
Did you drink some Canadian milk while you were there?  Asking for a friend. @JustinTrudeau
In any case, the rest of the world does not think the same.
Mr President maybe next time you could stop at our lake cabin in Hayward WI. Thanks for ALL the great things you did& are doing.  God bless
كس امك يقحبه يامنيوك
