How low are you to blame Obama for your misdeeds? Typical Trump can’t take responsibility for his actions.
and now it is ObamaGate, when will the dominoes begin to fall? All is being exposed, hang in there Mr. President!
Obama gate ? Lol when . Last time I heard trump and his minions are being led out by the dozens . I don’t remember a special counsel for Obama . Funny how things work when you’re corrupt . Is trump still under investigation ? Yes he is lol lmao . Enjoy trumpgate
Second time I have liked and retweeted this. Shadowbanned?

Trump you always lie and NEWSFLASH that DOES NOT MAKE IT TRUE.! Kushner said you called your base stupid because they believe you. After the illegal/unethical things you have done plus the lies you have told  that does explain why anyone would still support you.
So what Donald. Grow up. But, I am sure that you are perfect.
Wow, really? What an idiotic reply. I guess you're probably just proud you were able to figure out twitter and type a comment.

Still bull shit?
It's like he's a time traveler...
The depths have yet to be found!
Still...your President!
You don’t mind if I screenshot this for a little told-you-so down the road a bit, do you?
How low can you go?
#Obamagate justice soon,tick tock
Almost prophetic claim which when he made it was mocked unilaterally by the press. Now that we know it’s true will their be an external Special Council given the same broad powers which were given to Mueller?
Y’all are clueless
#ObamaGate #draintheswamp #MAGA
Much much worse than Watergate.  Heads need to roll and people need to go to prison for Treason.  Please read memo at State of the Union.
How low has President Trump gone for not apologizing to Obama for tapp? Nixonian-level paranoia. Bad (or sick) guy!
This didn't age well!! Trump was right the entire time!!! Obama was the most corrupt spying lying Rogue illegal President in America's history! They tried a coup, they tried to FRAME him all to cover up for their own crimes & LOSING the election. American's proudly chose TRUMP!
Do your own homework..
Translation: this is a meme, not a verified document.
I got no president obama but I got his shiiitttssss..
@POTUS44 is an America hating race baiting Muslim who was not born in the USA.
TRUTH!!!!!! 
Hey, #CadetBoneSpurs! Where's you're apology to @BarackObama for this libelous attack? #PresidentQueeg #PutinsPuppet
You really don’t have anything better to do or tweet about, Mr. President? How about doing something good for the American people. Or at least work on your marriage. @WhiteHouse @FLOTUS
What a lazy and judgemental comment.
You were spot on last year Mr. President! I never doubted you for a moment.

Schmidt Pál "helyesírását" NEM tudja senki felűlmúlni az biztos, még Trump sem.............
Heehee. Me thinks the Q team is setting us up for another crumb drop!  @BarackObama should be crapping his pants right now.
Much worse.  The entire "budget" of Watergate was a few hundred thousand, not a few hundred MILLION.  Even adjusted for inflation, this is much bigger.
#releasethememo
How low has President @BarackObama gone? THIS LOW…
The guy is currently running a shadow government. Working to keep #Deepstate in place
there you go again throwing out accusations without proof. Just one time show some proof talk is cheap
That tweet is aging pretty well don’t you think?
Aha! I was wondering about the source of that odor!
It must be so disheartening to have gotten a sugar rush from the liberal media for the last year plus as they speak of Russia, and collusion, just to see that nothing is happening to Trump, nor will it. Trump will continue to destroy the horrid legacy of Hussein while you watch.
This must come as a shock, but I watched him being taunted as he was hanged by former enemies. He was dead from the time the Army pulled him from that hole. By the way, I haven't eaten sugar since Tab came on the market. The Liberal media is on break, but I'm the relief pitcher.
and by the way, you do understand when I say Hussein I'm referring to Barry O Right?  In case you forgot his middle given name.  I'm not taking ANYTHING for granted with you snowflakes any more.
Obviously I don't know nor have I heard of Barry, other than Barry White.
About as low as you've gone on immigration.
There's only one level lower: snake shit!
And Trump was right again. Remember when the media launched into him about this tweet?  Anyone keeping score?  Has he been wrong about anything yet?
Trump just sucks...
I know you can't agree with me publically but..... Hussein Obozo was the worst, most corrupt prez in our lifetime! He hated the people he represented! I believe it further proves you & sheriff Joe was right, Hussein Obozo was born in Kenya, which his kinfolk brother Malik said
These replies from Trump supporters and or Russian bots just make me  he is such a joke.... an international joke.... which hurts the USA


And they say you don't drink! Hah, no adult sober person could write (or right, if you prefer) so poorly and be able to sit in the big boy chair in the Oval without falling on his head. But then, that would explain a lt wouldn't it? Then again, the didn't eliminate drugs . . .
Must rid the judges Obama appoint if we want justice to traitors.
POTUS Trump,  right AGAIN!
Control the press & media, Control the people. Hitler—1933. It almost,almost worked here last election. No country will destroy us. Ignorant voters are our biggest enemy.
Trump you are crazy. Wait, you were right. I'm sure everyone will apologize now and support our POTUS. We should lock Obama up, lock him up. At least send someone to seize his passport before he takes off for Indonesia.
cc @TheDemocrats' American spies @BarackObama, @AdamSchiffCA, @ericswalwell,  @MarkWarner bcc  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @PressSec @KellyannePolls @kayleighmcenany @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @IngrahamAngle @foxandfriends @SebGorka @dbongino @Jim_Jordan @RepMattGaetz @RepJeffDuncan
Yeah, that sacred election process you care about so much you refuse to sanction the Russains for interfering with it, lol:

Unfortunately you’re going to find out he’s gone lower
I hope you and the DOJ can prosecute Holder, Obamoron, Hellnory, Comeyslimbucket, Lynch, and all of the other FBI/DOJ crooks that have been trying to overthrow you Sir, our President.  God Bless and stay safe.
This is a lot worse!
This is aging well
He’s as low as the swamp is deep which is quite low

You left out 'evil'...
Crap
#ObamaGate 
#ObamagateSpyingScandal
Absolutely positively a hypocrite and glad to be rid of #obumma
Hey about both bad and sick
The real conspiracy is coming out finally, Obama weaponozed our highest law agencies, Clinton, Democrats all complicit.
God is Good & He knew America NEEDED YOU
Good.  Somebody needs to spy on him. His business dealings and his ties to Russia oligarchs make him susceptible to being manipulated and extorted. Just the mere fact that he won't turn over his tax returns makes me suspicious of his activities.
Obama is an evil human.
grow up. The only evil is the  in the WH now.

Lower than low. But what can you expect from a Traitor? He is a Soros puppet.
He and Hillary were in the process of destroying America as we know it, they couldn’t have you getting in their way, it sends chills to my core to think of where we’d be right now if she got elected, I thank god for you daily. Thank you
I got your back!!  You are the greatest @POTUS.
Worse than watergate
#MAGA #WeThePeopleDemandJustice #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Carter Page RESIGNED and stepped away from the Trump campaign team on Sept. 26, 2016, BEFORE this warrant was even granted by the FISA Court
Baby murderers don't have a conscience to stop them from doing anything!
You were right as usual Sir
If i could just see the little stuttering adjunct doing the perp walk all dressed in orange, I know I'd feel better about the Long National Nightmare he put us through.
He did it to most of the country Sir but He always behaved as if the Law only applied to us little people .@POTUS please charge them all so we know EQUAL Justice for all

Barack is badly sick.
For Obama it wasn't a long trip go get that low, just a rest stop on the way down.
Yep, you were right. We believed it was true at the time and now we know. Keep up the great work! MAGA
Bad or sick guy? No, crazy extremist.
Or bad AND sick.  WAY worse than Watergate.                                        Hillary tied to Watergate as well.
The Obomba is a traitor and needs to be put in hand cuffs and removed as an American citizen!
Sorry, I forgot my waders...
if your position is not at times a very lone some place to be then you have too many usless friends
and in regards to rocket man is it he that is leading you on a merry dance hate me or love me but u have been taught a very painful  experience in the position you now hold
i hate doing this mr trump but you should give mr obama a ring and thank him for opening your eyes to the world we now live in
while u were giving  hell to hillary a little so an so was giving u a leson that you will never forget and america got a fool for a president not what you expected
mr trump that was good business no point in u crying foul u were in business long enough to know that there is no such thing as a free meal congratulations mr obama for giving the president elect a lesson on  who not to trust and donald u thought you knew it all
Proven right, once again.
Trump proven correct on this.  Let's hear from NSA and whistle blowers at FBI.  Start an office and staff it for whistleblowers to come forward.
God you're so sick
*tap
Now with the intel MEMO out today, we know Pres. TRUMP WAS CORRECT!!!
Some Firing has to happen.
And they still keep losing! #winning
Today was the first look at righting the boat.... but seeing we need to get rid of the filth inside!!!
@BarackObama will go down in history of worse than Nixon. Talk of Nixon who exonerated Treasoner @SenJohnMcCain better get his due on being the bagman....
This aged very well
I would not be surprised if the Clintons & Obamas decide to vacation together in Guantanamo Bay in the near future.
That would be a dream come true
Those who know knew a long time ago.
Charge the son of a whore Obama with sedition and interference of an election.
Amen. Some of us have been woke for a long time 
I'll go with "BAD" !
THESE PEOPLE ARE SICK
#ReleaseTheMemo
Vindicated again.
Since October of 2016 at the latest according to McCabe, Ohr, etc
BREAKING NEWS... Courier in charge of bring memo for white house committed suicide today by stabbing himself 6 times in the back and then set himself on fire memo gone forever all other copies were destroyed
You're talking about yourself. You will never measure up to Obama. Or 100's of millions of other men either.
You were right, I know it's rare!  However, the ironic part is, you don't realize you are Nixon!   #Impeaach
I haven't read, not really in a rush too.  Nunes is a hack.   This is a "cherry picked" piece of propaganda.  Remember, we are still bogged down in 2 wars as a result of VP Cheney "cherry picking" Intel.  But if it makes you good about backing a chaotic, ignorant President.....
I am glad reading  propaganda gave you a moral boost.
Hopefully our institution s are strong enough to withstand attack from a POTUS that is presumably a criminal (why else would he be attacking the FBI).
Devin can write whatever wants in his memo.  I will take a look at it later when I have little more time.  In the short term, I will trust that George W. Bushes ethics attorney has a pretty good grasp of this situation.
Nunes Rules of Evidence: If the FBI obtains evidence from anyone who is biased against the subject of an investigation (for example a snitch or a rival), that evidence cannot be used to obtain a warrant. Only evidence from people who like the subject can be used for the warrant.
Great tweet, keep it up big guy!
I hope you bring this all out soon.
Obama will take it As low as it will go. Stay safe!!!!
When they go down We go Higher 
Worse Than Watergate 
#ObamaGate #ReleaseTheMemo

Or just plain old stupid.
@WendyHZ1977 Obama is Satan personified. Obama sold and used Cocaine one of the most EVIL drugs in the history of the world
There’s no way to find all the corruption during Obama administration with the #BSMedia covering for them. America must have unbiased press
The only way the press will be unbiased is to unplug and start new.
Just like WASHINGTON needs a good cleaning
We need some serious changes
Washington needs an ENEMA

So does the NEWS MEDIA'S

VOTE OUT POLITICIANS
VOTE IN AMERICANS
From what he's shown the world & from what I've heard about him, he's both of the above.
This tweet has aged well

 It is time they all pay for their misdeeds No one is above the law not even Obama 

Certainly  cannot get any lower than Obama’s radical Leftist flagrant distain and disrespect for America’s Law, Constitutions and Freedoms. Treasonous
Retweeted because it's relevant to current news.
Read the memo at the SOTU, please!
#ReleaseTheMemo
Dangerous guy.  Obama seems to stalk you, and refuse to just go away.
We Conservatives knew he was evil before others figured it out. What he said, did and putting others from foreign lands ahead of us. That's too wrong and evil. Thank you God for putting You in this great Office as our President to straighten it out.
You just started  campaign beginning
Whigs became Republicans in 1800's. What are the Dems going to become. Their demise is not far off once all this #DeepState is revealed to the American citizens. Do nothing Congress won't work under #realDonaldTrump
Sexual  devils
You must happy  you wife and you rebuilt  romantic
Comes around turn around same old thing 2016
We want him indicted ASAP 
Lock him up!
Oh, but they laughed. The statement seemed completely credible to me.
Obama is trash. How dare he?
#ReleaseTheMemo
He knew !
How if give away Kerry over there undermining our Gov. taking to leaders in Middle East! Obama as well! Logan act violation!
The way it's looking tapping your phones only scratched the surface of the CRIMES that #Obama has committed during his 8yrs in offc. #ReleaseTheMemo
#FBICorruption #DOJCorruption #UraniumOne #IranDeal #Benghazi
And they still lost the election
SACRED ELECTION PROCESS.

#Treason @realDonaldTrump As you still have done nothing to reestablish the sanctity of the USA Democratic voting process...no sanctions, no election security, voter fraud commision was a fraud though.

NIXON WATERGATE  - childs play compared your crimes
Time for Indictments!  The PROOF is out there!!!

Not available for DL yet, but here are over 100 pages of the FISA MEMO! Declassified by the President.

https://www.infowars.com/exclusive-infowars-releases-secret-fisa-memo/ …
He is worse than bad guy! He has been on a well funded mission to end America as we know it...Well, it sounds like his chickens are finally coming home to roost!
Treason. Mr. President lock Obama up along with everyone who is involved
#ReleaseTheMemo ... #FindTheTexts!!
I can't wait to see them ALL go down for this. Sorry pieces of treasonous sh*t!!
The Soros/Obama/Clinon 16 Year Plan To Destroy America Exposed:
The Clintons and Obamas should pay deeply for their crimes and corruption of the FBI, CIA, the Justice Department, and the IRS!
Same here, strange.
Same here, you are right again! All this winning is dizzying 
Much worse! Put them all behind bars!
He didn't just tap your phones!
He is a POS. and needs to be taken down for good & HRC
Your looking at the bottom of the barrel, Mr. President.  You have to lift that barrel and then you’ll find Obama’s prints all over the dirt.  #Trumplican 
You won't put him in prison so don't whine about it.
Ohbama fakish 
#Obamagate SchumerShutdown is meant to be a distraction. #Releasethememo asap before it is lost too!
#ReleaseTheMemo
KGB Tactic.  He is guilty of treason
The Kenyan spied on The Whole Country. He made medical care a nightmare of regulations. He expanded Medicaid which caused the opioid crisis. Strong middle aged men getting Medicaid & free meds.
But why did you sign The bill  to allow it to go on?
Both
#ReleaseTheMemo
There is a war of ideologies brewing Left vs. Right Evil vs. Good
Tick
Tick
.....
Everything we have been going through has been perpetuated by Obama& Clinton!They drew first blood! Can't Americans vote for whom they want?
Eight years of Obama we seen his actions the media was complicit is all bo actions. Go Trump!
BHOA VERY BAD AND SICK GUYHOW NANY LAWS DID HE BREAK
Bad (or sick) guy!
Lock him up
