Please do NOT resign: to heal this country, you need to be impeached. And then jailed.
I think you mean Category 3 Hurricane
I think he means Category 4  Dude stop tweeting already.
you mean Class 4 ;)
 sure I'm an ego maniac tweeting like it's a life line.
Ugh! Can you believe it. It is all about him, not the country or the people. And he tried to hide the pardon of Joe Arpaio
Won't you give him a chance to ruin America? He has a purple heart, golden yellow hair & mouth of dotard w/turrets. Prob w/nepotism? (gag)
Purple heart?? When was he wounded serving? Oh wait. He did not serve.
OMG You don't remember? I am tearing up. I can barely cut-n-paste the URL that gives proof because I am upset!
JUST IN: Hurricane Mueller 6mile off WH in DC w 125mph subpoenas Catastrophic flooding of Trumpkins tears expected per NHC
@sonnyundercover

Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class ...
I think he is referring to his third grade class (that he failed)
Ha ha ha ha read it before you send it
Try CAT 3. CATAGORY !  Christ in a bucket can you not get anything right???
Would you please stop using all those exclamation points like a junior high school student?
Be honest. You didn't know what Class 3 meant, did you?
With all the stress over the last week you should take a nice weekend break at Mar a Lago this weekend and come back refreshed the next week
Fascinating!!
I'll pray are president
Keep up good work mr trump
Glad to see you are someplace safe and far away from the storm. Sad
I hope to heal the severing of the people.
Well done sir! MAGA!!!
Big league, class 3, tremendous windy rain.
Stay safe
Thank you Mister President. God bless and stay strong.

Yet another vacation! Congrats on setting a new record in this category. If you don't want the job, just quit #notmypresident #justquit
Doings? Wtf are you talking about? Are you on meth, crack, heroin or all 3?
And now to play golf
Why In camp David away from your family
ओके
Class 3 is the one you missed in third grade.
Doings? You broke didn't you? You finally cracked. All that bad programming in basic finally just seized and now you are just sausage skin.
You seem like you're learning all of this as you go. Great example...
Don't you mean the doings of people... not nature
You pretending is really sickening and not honest. So why not be honest you have no clue to be president at least Obama tried to fix shit .
Better than taking another family vacation at taxpayer expense #Muelleriscoming
This country need a dose of truth, and a push to fix immigration , Texas and Texans, WELL RECOVER, Our country needs God!!!!!!!!!
Camp David ??????? ANOTHER VACATION ??????? Hope your golf game doesn't get rained out Donny.
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Good thing you are at Camp David! You can get a first-hand look at what is going on in Texas!
Bragging about big wind?  Seems about right.
Trump will fix Texas in a big way.
You'll see! Liberals prepare for 2nd term of Trump. Take your chill pills and chill out snowflakes!
#realdonaldtrump is a bigger wind than all the hurricanes added together. Bluster! Trump all wrong for America. #failingdonaldtrump...SAD.
What?  No golf?
Yeah, we saw the pictures....you sitting alone and the CABINET meeting. Can't your sit by yourself anywhere? Why charge is airfare?


Doings is not a proper word in that statement, nor is it in the right place.
you monitoring on fake news. Is there really a hurricane?
Enjoy?!?!
THANK GOD you're monitoring this.

No global warming then....
America FIRST and good job and " Hands On" POTUS
how much television does "Donnie" watch
America  will  come out of hurricane harvey  strong.
GOD BLESS YOU MR.PRESİDENT DONALD J TRUMP AND I WİSH GOD HELP AND BLESSE THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS STATES.
Ah..yes. Wait, what is a Class 3? And what were you doing monitoring it ALONE at Camp David while the real work was done at the WH?
What are you? The Weather Channel?
So heartwarming to hear you refer to prayers and God helping victims of Harvey, praying God is with you President Trump.

Are you sure you are at Camp David and not actually costing Americans millions of $$$ golfing???
the only thing your monitoring is your praises if anybody is dumb enough to give you any Obama I miss you. We need you
Umm, that's CAT 3.  As in category.
You gott be fucken joken
Praying. Sending what I can. #redcross
You had it right the first time... to go and "correct" yourself is just embarrassing. Smh.
Just arrived at Camp David where I am doing 125 MPH winds out my asshole!
you are the biggest mistake in US history. Huge. Catastrophic. The ratings for your impeachment will be record setting
There must be a tv on the golf course.  Can't imagine you giving up your course time for a hurricane.

Another vacation....how nice.

The editorial cartoon from the @HoustonChron #Trump #HoustonStrong @Nick_Anderson_ 
Send them some help Mr. President. Make Texas great again!
As Salaam Alaikum ! Does anybody know if @BroJesse and his family is ok or not ?
I'd encourage you to stop tweeting and actually do something about this.
Mr. President: Texans are resilient, & with help that you R providing, and other volunteers, they will get through this stronger than ever.
What happened, they didn't have a room available at one of your resorts, Melanie must be devastated...
We along w U UR doing fantastic job Ucalled in Nat'l Guard NoPres has done this b4! Ur OnTop of it! Just don't playlikeObama did Katrina
Thank you Mr. President.
@realDonaldTrump is a class 3 windbag with wind speeds that can reach Russia.
Yet,  you're doing more damage.
@RealAlexJones @infowars said it's fake so relax #LazyBoy & keep golfing & pardoning your criminal friends & family #MAGA #HurricaneHarvey
Please get a handle on the proper use of exclamation points, etc. especially when discussing natural disasters.
..
What are you a weather man now.  They probably had to use flash cards to show you what's going on.
No Donald you are just watching what others are doing and looking for a good soundbite for your next sickly tweet.
What would u have said about Obama if he went to Camp David??? Nothing nice, you are the worst President ever I'm sure!!!!
Who are you kidding you are golfing

Thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. That's what we do as Americans. Here's one way you can help now. https://twitter.com/redcross/status/901546157238833152 …
Doing a better job than last two Presidents.
#FakeNews
Um... can you do that with your finger up your nose? Interesting
Oh thats right.....the paid help roll your sleeves & wipe your ass!  U will have trouble keeping your ass-wipers staffed w/ ur immigration!!
Are you EVER actually doing work? Not opening your mouth to diarrhea all over whomever is there,I mean actual roll up your sleeves WORK??!!!
125 MPH winds! Cool dude! When you put it that way it sounds fun!
You're the worst President this county has ever had.  For the first time in my life I'm ashamed to be an American.  You're an embarrassment.
This comment section is complete cancer
Mr. Trump everybody is saying your white supremacist please correct this and let thim know you're for
Now you're being presidential.
It's called "category 3", not "class 3".  You've no clue what your trying to talk about. We will get you removed from office.
Just so you know, hurricane strength is not referred to by class, but instead by CAT. Harvey hit land as a CAT 4.
as in your on another vacation and glancing at the weather channel
Phew!! Our potus is safely on vacation!!
President Trump, please pray for Houston and all of the cities effected by this Storm. 
