yes and it should not be that hard
"I love Wikileaks!" "Maybe Russia should hack Hillary some more!"
@FoxNews @CNN  BREAKING NEWS Trump team to announce new national drink...The White Russian #Cheers #BottomsUp
No, the real story is that you and your posse are immoral, greedy, lying incompetent fools. Resign.
Your supporters will still be in denial even when they see you hauled off in handcuffs. Sad!
I'm a lot more interested in finding out who in your administration corrupted our electoral process, colluded with Russia. Odd how u r not
Mr President, the American people see thru the media corruption. Don't back down. Lower our taxes, build the wall and make our country safe.
Find leakers si they can tell us even more.
The only thing leaking is your underwear go put a clean Depends on.
We are not fooled by shiny baubles Donnie. Your tactics only fool your base. We see you. #RussiaGate #moneylaundering
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH. Someone still has no one to play with. 
YOU ARE SO DESPERATE. THE REAL STORY IS THE FBI INVESTIGATION INTO YOUR TIES TO RUSSIA.


No we are too busy finding your connections to the Russians. That is the story per @LindseyGrahamSC !
No Mr President, the real story is you did think all those Russian connections you & your advisors would catch up with you. Big mistake.
...are you telling us to look for your kompromat piss tape?
YOU ARE THE FREAKING LEAKER !
The leakers? Aren't they the Russian hookers who peed on you?
The real story is mudslides in Colombia but I guess you only care about yourself
Why would you care so much about the leaking of Fake News?
Unless, of course, the Fake News was real news.
You have a lower approval rating than AIDS.
Your biggest supporters will never understand the differences between there, their and they're.
You're a disgrace to the majority of Americans and an embarrassment to the rest of the world.
Out of syria. Or how China made Obama climb out of the Bellie of the plane, because they refused to bring
u gotta know when to hold em - know when to fold em - know when to walk away - KNOW WHEN TO RUN ... get ur sneakers - a new depends - and go
Do you like this @NewYorker Cover of #LoserDon @realDonaldTrump? Will you Resign before Impeached for #TrumpRussia Treason #TraitorDon?
aren't the hands too big?
the ass is just right
But that's the last thing I wanna be looking at. 
look at the broken windows in the Whitehouse. I can't stop laughing
OMG I just noticed the broken windows after all this time! 
Nope that's not the real story.  Russia
Has Trump stopped paying Russian bot farms? I notice his retweets have dropped off considerably. #Trumprussia #TheRealStory
It seems that his likes & RT are 30-40K less than they used to be, even on the innocuous posts.
Wouldn't surprise me if Trump didn't pay the bill, he's known for that. #Trumprussia
No president should be scared of the truth.
The real problem: mass surveillance & deep state trying to subordinate the elected government.
No, the real problem is treason. And you're part of the problem.
He's not even an American. Even if he was, publishing the truth about government crimes and corruption is not treason. It's real journalism.
You mean like Trump desperately trying to figure out who leaked his Russia connections instead of trying to keep Putin out of the WH?
You keep telling yourself whatever you need to feel better, at least until Trump is impeached and most of his admin is arrested/imprisoned.
I know what the real story is ..   I heard it today from a very forthright and honest man ..   and to think .. I voted for you
Why, on spite of all of the warnings AND his behavior, did you vote for him?
I reluctantly did it ..
I'm so happy you see it now.. that takes a lot of guts and a lot of insight..
Thanks ..  but I reluctantly voted for him anyway ..  no surprise here for me too much
Wow, that's a little frightening
I bet you it's a more common story than you think. I bet a WHOLE lot of people voted for him because a loved one pressured them to do so.
Nope believe I bet that was the case half the time, it amazing what people use to make like changing decisions


But no, though
Leakers tell the truth. Those who go after them have something to hide.
Wow, you really are out of touch.
Oh my god, your desperation is literally stinking up the Tweetosphere. Keep screaming, Don. We all know innocent men don’t scream.  Projection is thy middle name.

PEE TAPE!
But it's about ELECTION TAMPERING and TREASON. Find the traitors.
I think you already found the leakers...in a Russian hotel room.
How 'bout you stop giving people stuff to leak?
If someone leaks FAKE NEWS, is it really a leak or a lie?
So, if the allegations of Trump colluding with Russia is from "leakers", then it can't be Fake News.
Because, if it's a leak, then they must have leaked facts.  One cannot "leak" Fake News.
CNN does it, MSM do it all time.
As already established, someone who reports fake news is a "liar" not a "leaker." And most of the things Trump supporters have decried as "FAKE NEWS" have been verified as factual anyway.
I think not.
Don’t u like to leak all over Russian prostitutes? Or do they leak all over u?
Pretty sure they are in the Oval Office.
Right.

The fact that you, your family, and most of your close advisers are guilty of crimes --- that's not the problem.

The problem is that people are exposing those crimes.

Got it.
#Entitled #Privileged #Corrupt #Collusion #ShitholePresident #Impeach #Resign
The leakers are, by definition, YOUR people. Why can't YOU find them? Is your incompetence that universal?
LEAKERS can’t leak when there’s nothing to LEAK. I think you are focusing on the wrong part of this
than get off twitter
That’s what he says when he’s in an out town hotel looking for some action.
Your schtick is falling apart.  Get new writers.
You hire the best people.  Not so much
Scrambling around plans and figuring out who to fire... open up a history book Trump! It won't go well for you if you fire Rosenstein. Have you ever heard of the " Saturday Night Massacre "?

No, it's not movie, at least not this particular event. 
Nixon tried it...
You’re always blaming the leakers to distract from what is actually leaked. Duh! We’re not that stupid. The definition of insanity is repeating the same action, yet expecting a different result.

Russia Russia Russia
YES! FINALLY we are 100% BACK, with big statements made in big CAPSLOCK! The REAL story here is that we are SO VERY PRESIDENTED!
The REAL story is that we, the PRESIDENT, could never just quietly ORDER an investigation! NO! We are forced to YELL at people on TWITTER!
Those SURVEILLING people and those LEAKING ones (we mean that in the FIGURATIVE sense, of course) will be SO SCARED of our TWEET WRATH!
It's like our ISIS tactic: never tell the enemy WHERE and WHEN we are going to strike, and just YELL at them on TWITTER! WINNING in 30 days!
Ah being the TWISIDENT (twesident?) of the United States of Twamerica is SO EASY! Just like we told everybody before: SO EASY! #MAGA
Wow Chrostoph!  Hate much?  Still butthurt?  You seriously need to see your Dr about your Low T.  Your endless tweets at the POTUS are sad.
No Kris, they're fucking bang on and funny as hell! Change yer kegs
Agree! I love watching them squirm as the dirty details unfold about Russia, all the Trumps, Jared, and the rest of those scoundrels in WH
I've never been so excited to see a golden shower tape in my life. We deserve it after what you've put us through.
That's what you WANT people to THINK the real story is, but we see the hoard of EVIDENCE of your cabinet's RUSSIAN collusion AND corruption.
The real story is that Flint was fired because he lied to the VP. Trump lied to every body every day and no one fires him. This is the story
Bet you supported HRC.  Record of 40 years of  actually lying.
I support actually Merkel. I'm German.
THAT says everything.  You can thank Merk for invasion in Europe and contributing factor to Brexit.  I'm grateful for POTUS TRUMP.
live and let live.

I wish you a peacefull weakend.
And you as well.
Dear Pres. Trump, Again, and as usual, u are right (if u really said this) After watching Comey yesterday, I agree that Comey is a nut job!
Nope
I watched yesterday and today. Comey had an emotionally charged agenda. I say wait to judge POTUS or anyone else until after Muller is done.
Found One:
Comey helped Trump find a "leaker"....Himself! He's Still working for Trump even after being fired.

#ComeyHearings Loretta Lynch #MAGA 
I think we found one leaker today.  Comey!
He also said the LOVES, LOVES, LOVES wiki leaks... your selective memory is going to tear you down in the end!
The only leakers we found were on the video of you and the russian prostitutes....indeed we should find those leakers!
No!  The real story are the crimes you're part of and are hiding.
Me thinks your butthole is leaking after all that ass pounding from Putin
99% of the time it's you and your ilk doing the 'leaking' just to deflect from your wrongdoings. (Your deliverance son is one of them)
Find the traitor!!
Stop please if my grandpa was acting like you we would get him a private nurse. Your family needs to get you some help. Not being funny.
No, The real story is what the leakers and surveillance are uncovering. 
If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to worry about.
FACT
I heard someone is going to raid some guy named cohens office, home, and hotel room. Dont tell anyone.
You dont get to dictate what the real story is.
We found him. It's Jim Comey

I think you could find them pretty easily, just look around you. They are who you think are your closest allies.. Just fire everybody!
Lol
LMAO......Another failed attempt by LIBTARDS 
Well, we know Comey is one of 'em
FOUND HIM-ITS COMEY! HA!
Bet there is a lot more leakers.
Real story is that you're a pathological liar
Never stop winning! We are behind you!
The real story turns out to be you obstructing justice. Get used to it, snowflake.
The real story is you running a criminal enterprise!
@KTHopkins welllll, comey is one, reality winner is two......
Real story is illegal behavior
Your real story is your wild imagination not based in actual reality! Distraction will not work!Time to face facts cuz they will slam you!!
Find the leakers babe? Look in the mirror.

It's comedy!!
He "leaked" his own words that were unclassified...
No wonder FBI not looking for leakers, Comey didn't want it investigated
Right again Pres Trump.  Too bad the Fake news media and libtard entertainers dont learn to support USA instead of try to tear it down.
Look under your nose.  Maybe it’s Ivanka!  Saving her own skin; you taught her well.

Your son met with Russians. You used the hacked emails in closing days of campaign. We KNOW you colluded. The issue is how much more to find
LOOK IN THE MIRROR!
Did Comey EVER investigate Clinton/Russia, if not, why.

Reading posts, what r u all talking? Anyone watch today? All lies*leaking*conspiracy. No obstruction,nothing 2 impeach
We found the leaker-YOU! Now what direction you want to deflect the indictments coming tmw? #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
If Flynn flips on you, you're heading to jail.
When people are being told that Trump had nothing to do with Russia, yet they still scream about Trump and Russia... (/_-)
Mr Pres until u dump the O holdovers these animals will not stop!! Deep State Soros and O running this show get a handle on it soon! MAGA
Lock Loretta Lunch up Trump!
#PERSIST Trump is my President!
Prison!!!!
Comey said he leaked while in office, THAT'S the big news. And no follow up questions to find out what else he may have leaked to the press.
How about you just do your job and let us decide what the real story is..,.the real story is reality. Try it sometime.
The real story is your screwed!#MAGA:My attorney got arrested


Right again!
I can't fap to this

Your one of them. Seen any submarines lately?
Apparently, Mueller breathing down your neck has really triggered you this morning. Eat a doughnut.
Old John he is so eat up they both have horns and James Comey is the liar he proved that yesterday he is about Comey .
I still can't read Russian. Can someone translate this for us Americans?
Found him . He has crazy eyes
At all cost avoid ppl with crazy eyes!! They are cuckoo!
Exactly look at his eyes
Looks like we found one
@President1Trump DRAIN THE SWAMP! Fire them all, Mr. President. You've got to CLEAN HOUSE!
Mary @lassie1950 blaaaah CROOKED Hillary, Crooked Lynch and Crooked DNC...now u can add Comey to Ur party
Comey is one
This sounds like a you problem
Look in your pants...There's plenty of leaks there. Do you seriously expect people on Twitter to find leakers? Do YOUR job!
Sounds like we found him. #JamesComey testified that HE is a leaker!
I think one just outed himself #ComeyDay
The Good Times Are Coming
They're in your White House.
I thought you were the leaker? According to the Russian video tapes... #mostGoldenShower
The leakers are members of your family.
Nope. Not the real problem, Fatboy. And you're going to jail.
The real story will never be spoken by Trump. 

#PathologicalLiarTrump
Found the leaker! Comey! #comeyday
#ComeyDay told us the following:
* He thought @POTUS convo memos could have investigative value 4 FBI
* He leaked the memos to the @nytimes
I ♡ my President! He is NOT politically correct & doesn't require a safe place if things don't go his way. Instead, he works harder 4 us All
Well, Comey and his buddy, Dan, look pretty guilty to me....
Tru that!
Underestimated the scrutiny, didnt you?

Can see a lot of folks are loosing it. Susan Rice, Lynch, HRC & Oby no story here, blind to the truth
Comey's actions admittingly leaking to his FBI NYT's colleague is worse than his accusations of our POTUS. Cover up! We found our leaker!
Look in the mirror #Traitor
Russiagate got you worried all night?
Everything is going to be alright. You are in my thoughts and my prayers. God bless you President Trump. ..
Find the leaking French prick. Sir Vaillance is his name!
Be careful with your words, don't dig yourself a hole!
The real real story is your 34% approval rating. 
go2jail
#FindtheLeakers!
Hey Donald what about the tapes ?  Let's have those if you are innocent. I smell impeachment !
How is Comey's admitted leaking of classified info not illegal?
The ONLY 1 guilty of anything, after all that $$$ spent, was the DIRECTOR of the @FBI (Former) Leaking CLASSIFIED info! #SendComeyTheBill
We are all know the real story is that Trump is LAIR and the head of the FBI at the time knew this !
You r sounding more & more like desperate Nixon. In his 2nd term
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
If you weren’t constantly lying and breaking the law, there would be nothing to leak.
How's that working out for you?
Leakers leak because they need to let the public know the truth. You don't even understand what a leaker is. You are pathetic.
I'm tired of the demoncrap political witch hunt! Put Obongo on the coals for surveillance of US citizens!!
LMAO You #FAKWaf @Potus are the leaker. You talk and twit so much you're giving everything away. And that's OK faster to your #Impeachment
well--we got one--
You keep saying "find the leaks" as if its my job to do your job. As president I would think YOU would be able to find the "leakers".
Donald, let it go. You lied, you got busted...say "my bad" and move on. We're bored with this story.
Yes sir, find the leakers.
Trump and bannon. But trump doesnt know it!
Comey.
Since Comey was a private citizen giving info to another citizen isn't a leak by any legal description.
#YouAreScrewed
Oh yea the truth is coming out and you are freaking out. Where are the Russian sanctions?
We traced the call, and IT’S COMING FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE!!!
... found one of the leakers...
Such a liar...the story is and will continue to be collusion, and treason.
They seem to be in the WH
Looks like Loretta Lynch is the only one obstructing justice
