Just our citizens
What about substandard care of the entire nation? Or the planet? As taxing as this may seem, you ought to think more.
What about the substandard care of child cancer victims you've swindled money out of? How do you sleep at night?
Or the substandard care of UK-US relations? Do you ever stop and think before pressing send on idiotic tweets?

This is a hilariously shit meme, pal.
Comey, Comey, Comey
U lying manipulating pos. US Vets don't deserve your cruelty & lack of care for the poor and for Veterans. You just put out some lies f/news
Then why are you screwing 7 million of them over in Trumpcare?
Was that on Fox News just now?
Mr president your a great American.  This I will not forgot.  Thanks for doing all that u do
Thank you Sir, as promised!
Hope that includes meals ....for all of our disabled veterans...oh wait
except for when you screw them out of much needed social services, you know, like the ones you are cutting.#comeyjune8th
Agree. Get going Dems!
Since when do you care about vets.   Phony.
STOP TRYING TO KILL AMERICANS BY THREATENING INSURANCE CARRIERS & SABOTAGING OBAMACARE BY REFUSING PAYMENTS TO THE EXCHANGE! #IMPEACH #Loser
GET THE EMPLOYEES WORKING BECAUSE THEY R GOING 2 WANT 2 VACATION AGAIN! YOU CAN'T VACATION THAT MUCH THE REAL WORK WORLD!:)
You are the definition of substandard.
He's making sure that we're not the most powerful nation. Face it. He's a shitshow of epic proportions.
God Bless. Time to end VA corruption now and forever.
They didn't abandon the Nation...you get the drift...

We tolerate a substandard President - plus you give hummers to Putin.
Little desperate? Maybe? Trying to save your worthless hide? Possibly? Will it work? Nope. #toolittletoolate #dumbdonald #resignnow
But you are cutting their health care.
FINALLY Something YOU or your KIDS will not benefit from !!!
You misspelled "$enate"
Do you still think that vets who suffer with PTSD are 'weak'? That heroes don't get captured? You even cut their child care. WTG .
Jeremiah 1:19
They will fight against you, But they shall not prevail against you. For I am with you,” says the Lord, [1/2]
“to deliver you.” [2/2]
Did he grab the lord by the pussy???
He did this! Evidence show's he did! Outraged? Exactly
Do you have any other proof besides a meme you probably made on your computer. Actual facts.
You wait. It will all come out in the wash. It's started
I know. Any day Trump will be impeached and hopefully sent to Prison for his treasonous acts. I can't wait. I hope it's tomorrow. 

Keep on Tweeting sir. We love to hear from you. Ignore the fake liberal media.
The first thing that the "resist just because its Trump crowd" didnt resist . Great job!
As the mother of a wounded soldier, I cannot thank you enough, Mr. President! We are blessed to have a President who cares about our vets!
Thank you, and thank your son for his service, ma'am.
Thank you Bobby!
Why don't we just remove profit from people's healthcare outright? Single payer would fix this issue and many others.
VA Healthcare is single-payer. Personally, I've found it extremely good health care.
That's what I mean. Expand it across the board and there won't be the constant need to shuffle funds around to the various groups.
The VA is underfunded and that's what causes most of the problems you hear about, but I completely agree. Single-payer is the way.
That makes you a socialist, traitor to this country
Thanks, I only spent 14 years defending your right to call me that.
You are 14
I am well past 14, but if that makes you feel better, go head on and think it.
Words vs Actions. His actions piss on our troops
A party that calls this "freedom" and abortion "healthcare" has no business regulating either one.
I like your style...don't cower to lunatic haters!

1. Terrorism is a man problem.
Its a human problem dude.. it affects everyone
Yes, I agree. But, I sense how we raise our boys has a large influence on how they behave when they grow up.
If we raised boys to be more emotionally intelligent (as we do girls), men wouldn't see violence as an option for resolving disputes.
Except it has more to do with male biology not so much how we are raised But you believe terrorism is exclusively the realm of men so no use
We can't tolerate presidents who try to compromise the independence of our nation's intelligence agencies. Like you've done. Repeatedly.
This looks really bad. Probably because it is really bad. For you. And the future of your presidency.
Wow --> A day after Trump asked him to end Flynn investigation, Comey told Sessions: Don’t leave me alone with Trump https://nyti.ms/2rSmEA1 
I mean, did you really think it was a good idea to go around & ask the heads of every intel agency to lie for you?
#BREAKING: DNI Coats told associates in March that Trump asked if he could intervene with Comey on FBI Russia probe http://wapo.st/2se4JnX?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.9f83fade7e41 …
That has to be one of the stupidest things a president has ever done. But we're talking about you, so not shocking.
I mean, did you really think it was a good idea to go around & ask the heads of every intel agency to lie for you?
https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/872248307929817088 …
Wow Carolyn, you have the inside scoop on everything… You must be a very important person
#ourpresident
Did #PresidentBannon OK this?U know how mad he gets if you don't run things by him 1st, baby hands. #ObstructionOfJustice
Do us a favor. Worry about doing your job. STOP TWEETING. So unprofessional. You make the US look like idiots on social media!
Thank you, sir. Nam Vet.
Liar.
They fight for us and should have the best care possible! It makes me sick when i see a homeless vet who put his life on line for us!
Thank you for, unlike Hillary Clinton, giving a damn about our veterans Mr President 
Amen
Thank you Mr. President, thanks for keeping your promises. Sorry for all the obstructionist you have to contend with just to #MAGA.
You could have been a vet but daddy to care of that you faker! #TheDefectorInChief
says the "dodger".
The VA damaged my neck during a compensation exam. I refused a second exam.

The VA cannot be fixed.
They're fucking up my buddy's back meds & my relative's copd treatment.

Better off w/ vouchers!!
সারাদিন টুইট নাহ কইরা দেশ চালানে মন দে
If you cared about vets you should not have avoided the draft 5 times. You have no idea why some are homeless, mentally ill. You don't CARE

YOU are substandard care for our vets.
I'll spam
Put your Twitter down for now please
Good luck!! Privatization of VA for care is the ONLY way.
Trump voters, do you suffer from amnesia? This is the same guy, who defected the military, never served and called PTSD veterans WEAK.wakeup
ENTROPIC CHANGE,
"Coverage" even earned by service don't equal care.
You don't care....draft dodger!!!  SAD
Never did the other one do that?
I believe U have the intentions irrespectively to get down and make the United States great Even though you have 2 trample on various people
Mr President,take the VA out of the medical provider business.
          Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights,,,        Carry
Where is the money you raised for the Vets?
When ALL THIS STARTED MY WIFE'S CANCER CAME BACK.VA. XPEKTED HER TO GET MAD AT ME.IT WORKED.THE CANCER CAME BACK IN HER LUGS.
Do you listen to yourself, you hypocrite? Vets include ppl with PTSD and POWs! They actually went into the fray unlike you, draft dodger!
Thank you President Trump & VP Pence for looking out for our Vets  We Love You 
Who is holding you accountable liar
As a disabled veteran, I can tell you we have been tolerating it for years.
Başkan  ne dediğini anlamiyorum ama bak sana iki kelime edeyim osman ı aliyye bir oku öyle biz türklere oyun oyna oldumu?biz osmanli torunu.
Why are we tolerating a substandard president? SAD!
Already amazing victories in Racca and Mosul — the twin capitals of Isis. U have changed the WHOLE world 4 the better w/ such acceleration!
ISIS Makes Last Stand At A Stadium In Raqqa, Its Doomed 'Capital'. This small group who's left still want to die for their Allah...Lets help them die for their Allah. Get rid of every single one of ISIS.
My friend from Texas says he will be getting taxed because he is an older vet! Is this true?
Your Repugnican Party demonstrates its concern for vets each time it votes down appropriations.
Then why cut the VA budget? Do you even know that the budget will be cut?
Das ist richtig. Gruß aus Deutschland
Im sure ir mistaken....president would not take vet benefits away...
.he truely cares about them
Why can't you get someone to ask the House directly? You put this also on twitter? Really? Remember things called phones/emails?
Nothing like hearing Bone Spurs Trump, who shat on a gold star family & mocked a POW, demand better care for our vets.
Outstanding! The sooner the better!!!
But, substandard care is OK for their kids. Right?
I'm not 100% what this is about, but the VA needs to be more accountable on loading vets up on pain killers addictive drugs. So crazy.
I'm a US Army veteran, woman owned business owner and a Deplorable. Looking forward to the changes in our veteran medical coverage. Thanks.
I have to say the language you use is kind of creepy.
Admit it, that's the "Royal We" isn't it?
I think they should pass the presidential validity act!!
I'm a vet who is the son of a vet who is the son of a vet who...Why has no Trump served in our military? Hard question I know but why???

What wld this president know about military serv. DT making money on new title and no one seems to care. America elected DT not his family.
Thank you Mr. President!
Vets sacrificed for our country. What do you know about sacrifice - FUCKING DRAFT DODGER  with bone spurs that still allow for golf
Sent a letter stating she wi lost all medical care
Saying she will lost all medical care
great my agenda for suicide of my grandfather and religious freedoms of you judge and you shall be judged hows korea lmao
HELP! GRANDFATHER WW2 VET DYING IN PUBLIC SNAKE PIT, VA DENIES EVEN LOOKING AT HIM LIFE LONG VA PATIENT NEEDS REHAB FELL DOWN PLS CONTACT ME
Bullshit.
Glad that has been done.  Now take care of Hilary and Obama put them in jail where they need to be
My brother fought in Vietnam and he is very sick now. He gets the run around at the VA.Thank you
for handling this, I new you would!!
Nor for anybody else, for that matter.
Maybe if u paid your taxes there would be more money to help them. Just a thought.
 are you serious??? 
Dear President Trump- As the wife of a disabled Veteran, I humbly thank you for this. It means so much..so so much
President Trump I think U Rock!!!! So sad how ppl r treating U & Ur family. Know that many do not like what is being done 2 U & Urs 
Thanks, Mr President for caring about our Vets health care at the VA!
We can't tolerate a "president" who doesn't know what accountability means. #Impeachment looms.
You are winning. We all are.
That's not what the accountability act is for.
Better hurry before you're headed to..
and were agendas get done whos suffering past and present
They REFUSED to fund Veterans for 12-YEARS! Guess you were busy trying to KICK HOMELESS VETERANS off 5th Avenue at the time!
Sure
And your deferments really make you an expert on veterans!?
liar
Haha that is damn funny
please you could care less
Gotta love hearing liberals.accusing people of being blind followers.
They better hurry before you get impeached!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT. Was glad to see the first lady and baron comming to their new home
They are simply causing all this distraction to keep you from your agenda.  Please continue to fight. We are  with you.
Yes
Sorry for a few errs on my part! Again suppoet given and Happy Birthday! Got it this time. God bless you!!
But you block a twitter account that is the voice of thousands of vets. 
Is there a time that you don't contradict every damn word of yours?
Outstanding
Promises in the works once the Obstructionists get out of the way.. #MAGA
But poor or no care is ok for every other citizen?
This is not how hashtag works but ok
[INSTAGRAM STORY] xolovestephi: # 3 0 9 http://fany.soshistagram.com/p/BRYcNPng6AJ  

You are such a hypocrite
Can't wait 'til he starts to investigate you!!
Ty
Then why tf did you'd wanna stop funding for  meals on wheels da fuk
Liberals..you pick up the insurance policies for refugees and illegal aliens as hard working Americans will no longer. MAGA by defeating lib
Then quit cutting our benefits!
Veterans or their family's getting treated worse than welfare recipients! God bless you sir, these folks need their country behind them 
Can I qualify as a Soviets veteran...bahaha, especially as a Crazy Russian Jew...Bahaha & last name Kushnir...? Please take time to sleep!!!
Amen!!!!
Took my 86 year old Korean war vet to Atlanta VA today. Roaches everywhere on the main floor in Renal area. Huge area w/ live roaches
Then why are you destroying the healthcare system for a tax break!
Dear assclown, please resign!!!
Only veterans should be able to staff veteran hospitals. Including doctors.
to late for my husband of 20 yrs who died 6/14/17 due to substandard care at the hands of the incompetent va
You sure are quiet this morning. Can only hope you choked on a bucket of KFC in your evening food binge #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Liar
I'm a caregiver at my apartment in Brighton Colorado and I take care of my brother who is a veteran and a veteran. I make $ 67
A day. SAD
IMPEACH THE ORANGUTAN
Mr. President. Why can't we pay Tax on main things like infrastructure, medical, and others things that need our action whe
