Blame the democrats! Since the democrats have so much control!
You r shutting down the gov't all by yourself! The Democrats just need to sit back & watch u implode.
I believe the Dems imploding,they've lost bad.Really bad, upset victory, embarrassment to the Democratic Party. Should've stuck with Bern
You're very dramatic with yr Opinions. Although, they are not convincing. Too bad there is not enough room to completely explain.
Can you imagine if I had room??? Lol
Keep at it. We're with you.
Because...
Do you have the power to stop Chemtrail spraying over the U.S.?  Chemtrails are a detriment to human health.
1960, #CIA Memorandum on #ClimateControl!
http://geoarchitektur.blogspot.com/2017/02/1960-cia-memorandum-on-climate-control.html …
#SRM #HAARP #fracking #desert #farming #chemtrails #geoengineering
Get tough with the dam democrats, they had 8 years and sat on their hands. GO TRUMP!!!!
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!...

Untill Trump's justice department brings the Clintons and Obama to justice,the crimes and disruption of government will continue
Form misty rubble, a world torn insecure. Our border dressed us as a shut-in heave of armament, fools us.
#hypocrisy #whydoyousucksomuch
I contacted the white house about a service member issue I think can be easily fixed, we need your help. Please take a look.
Admit it: that wall isn't meant to keep people out, rather to stop Americans from leaving due to your fucked up policies. #handmaidstale
Like the @GOP did for the past 8 years??? Friggin #StupidTrump #orangehitler
Steve Bannon is a LENINIST who has long advocated the destruction of the US GOVERNMENT. YOU are tearing down everything built upon. #Corrupt
WHO wants to shut down the government? Who shut it down previously? Same answer.
No Sir,Not Politics ! It's Socialism.Going to be far less Socialist Democrats come next election.
Trump wants to kiss Putin  #Love @realDonaldTrump
Yep

We don't need more spent on military. How about spending it on Veterans, homeless shelters, etc
I lthe military. Dated a marine n USAF N let me tell U  the US military is for peace from our haters.People attack when weak like  Obama
Hmmm ... it doesn't look like you've kept too many of your promises so far.
Hmmm he's been in office 5 months... Obama had 8 years. Look at the state of this country & you can see Obamas accomplishments! #PATHETIC
Our military doesn't need to be "rebuilt"… we respect them, but they have plenty of money. What happened to America first?
Not a simple as you would like it to be

https://www.google.com/search?site=&source=hp&ei=CpwCWbIQ48yPBNnvrPgN&q=us+military+budget+breakdown&oq=us+mi&gs_l=mobile-gws-hp.1.0.41l2j0i131k1l2j0.1839.3235.0.4345.5.5.0.0.0.0.1097.4914.6-2j3.5.0....0...1c.1j4.64.mobile-gws-hp..1.4.3816.-ukr6ng_gbM …
And even though the Republicans have a majority, I'll blame the democrats for everything I've failed to do..Waaa..Waaa. You're ridiculous.
GOP CONTROLS HOUSE AND SENATE. This cannot be stated strongly enough. Get out your Govt 101 text and read allll those words. The best words.
This even goes beyond politics & is schoolyard bully absurdity. #Dems are making mockery of our gr8 country-we've had enough obstruction!
You do realize it is almost impossible for the dems to obstruct anything at this point as the republicans hold the supermajority
hateful rhetoric that isn't even close2the truth-Unwarranted attacks4too long-we're all done being patient (2/2)
Hate to break it to you but the republicans, specifically the tea party, have been the ones using obstruction and bully tactics for decades
You weirdos have been lying for far to long! Its time you except the fact that we're going to MAGA without you! Loser!
Okay snowflake calm down and take your nap. Then go find some actual proof about what you're saying and present it in an inside voice
Are you 6?
OmG I blocked that lunatic so only saw ur side-so sorry I can only imagine  (thx 4 handling it yikes). Have a GR8 wkend!
Wrong! The Democrats are only listening to the MAJORITY people of United States who do not want to spend taxpayers money on the wall
How can democrats be so influential when pres,govt,house&senate are all republicans. Shows your own bigly don't have faith in you !!
Promises, promises!  Where's the wall?  Where's Obamacare replacement? Failure! #fakepresident #100dayflop #releaseyourtaxes #embarrassment
OkmDonny, I know governing is not easy but here's how it works. You have majority. You rule. Democrats don't have majority, you own results.
Shut it down! Obama would make it more painful than it needed to be. It is a tool to be used appropriately and force discussion.
What are you replying to???

You are off the Namenda again?
With what money? Isn't your government shutting down for a couple of days cos you've spanked it all?
You catch the gdp growth rate of .7%.  Huge??!!!  " It was the poorest showing in more than seven years."
You want to start a war and build a wall.
Your idea of protecting our border is fleecing taxpayers, while claiming to make Mexico pay. That is 'Politics!'.
You control the House, Senate, the White House and the Supreme Court. And you STILL blame Democrats? You're delusional.
Yawn.... RUSSIA TRAITOR TREASON
The only thing you want to do draft dodger is send other peoples children to war..send your kids
build the wall , even if you don't do anything else build the wall!!!!
R U insane? We have strongest military the world has ever seen. Ur the one that is throwing tantrum over funding useless wall #lyingpotus
STOP THE LIES AND EXCUSES FOR YOUR INCOMPETENCE!!!
Maybe try uniting your own party that is already in power instead of just blaming the other party.
That's like saying 'I promise to rebuild the Empire State Building'
u care abt America,not Americian
"Politics!" Said the president
since the Republicans are in control of the Senate, congress with you as #LiarInChief, the blame lies solely with Republicans. #FakeTweet
you are single handily destroying the government 
Pres Trump  Libs r still winning. When r the Rep going to win? When r we going 2 have the guts 2 do the job we need 2 do 2 save our country?
They are now saying in the false news that you are going to get rid of the American Constitution.  Is that true or what?
If only Republicans controlled both houses of Congress, maybe you could get something done. Wait, they do and you still can't pass anything.
Holy shit
Nope, shut up
basement boy bot
Didn't you also "promise" to be a loyal husband to 2 other women?  Your promises are bullcrap.
TRUMP YOUR ACTIONS WILL SHUT DOWN GOVT. STOP WHINING & PROVE YOU CAN GOVERN LIKE OBAMA/CLINTON/BUSH? YOU CAN'T GET IT DONE
It's not broken, unlike the @GOP.
Hmmm, I seem to remember The Republicans actually shutting the government down.
The GOP's got both houses of Congress and you're whining that it's "Democrats" who will shut it down? Looks like somebody skipped math class
Republicans are usually the ones shutting Government down. Are you not getting your way little man? Such a cry baby. GOP is doing it as well
Don't worry Mr. PRESIDENT,   we are behind you.  Maybe voters can help you drain the swamp by voting out all the bums holding office  now.
Liar.
You are about the only one who wants this wall. You pay for it. Why foist the cost of your vanity wall off onto American citizens?
Bullshit (as usual)
More bullshit.  When does this stop?  When do we get a leader not what we have now?
Complete bullshit
LIAR!
You're the boss. U know what to do. :)
Are you going to pay military more ? You think we need to rebuild? Your sons never served neither did you
There is a whole lot of swamp to keep draining on both sides of the aisle watch your back!
...and repeal Obamacare and #DefundPP and eliminate #CommonCore right? You are a man of your word, right? #MAGA #FullRepeal #EndCommonCore
You also promised affordable healthcare for all. So you're promising is empty. #fakenews
Has to be an Executive Order they can't derail
2. down is because you are wholly unqualified to hold office!
Shut up and do it then!
Like Republicans did last time?
We have the strongest military in the world. I'm afraid we will be going to war with some country before your term is over.
Democrats are a loosing party and will continue loosing if republicans can work together!
滚犊子
No one wants your wall but you.  Please leave now!
Maybe this job is too hard for you?
Shut it down, about time GOP starts acting like they won the election. Shut the Damn government down.
only person wants to shut the government is you because u want to stop Obama care.... I hope an pray they keep Obama care..
You promised Mexico would pay for the wall. No, Democrats want you to own up.
Mr. President, you and your Admin.  are doing a very good job.  The only advice I might  give is to Drain the Swamp in  a more visible way.
No one wants to shut down the government. But you and Congress are not working together to get a good budget out there.
Democrats want to shut YOU down.
Surprise!
You are a total con artest...quit blaming the democrats
You promise straight manure.  Your word means nothing.  You are a nothing.  Have been for 70 years.  Not going to change.

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?

Blame everything on Democrats and Obama and your staff other Republicans that don't like you because you are so perfect it's not your fault
You know absolutely nobody is buying that, right?  We are all smarter than a Trump Grader.

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
Someone take away his Twitter. He's obviously mentally unstable.
Democrats don't want you to take my Medicare to build your wall
build a wall through center of U.S., dems on one side, and repubs on the other,,
Thank u..thank u..thank u...
Ok draft dodger
#nofuckingwall..... Healthcare for all.....#Democrats will #persist and #resist  @SenSchumer  @NancyPelosi
Fake fake and more fake news. Sad.
If they shut down the Gov. Deduct their Pay. No work No pay.  Obstruction should have a very heavy price.
And when they shut it down they will blame you President Trump.
Dems don't take Responsibilties good 2 finger point
Face it!! The Goverment is Broken!! And you can't fix it.
Rebuild? It's already the strongest in the world 5 times over.

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
U Truly Are Unfit
Keep on lying we don't believe one word

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
Um are't the republicans in charge of everything?! Quit whining you baby of an old man . You only care about white rich people anyways!
you need to be impeached
No.  Most Americans just want the government to work... for the people... not the corporate rich.  It'll never happen under GOP control.

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
Rebuilt means somthing is broken. Our military is the best in the world..best is best.  Fix something else.. Like your cheap toupee
Why do U blame Dems when U clearly threatened to shut down the govt if you didn't get ur way, u big baby?? We hear you say it, then U LIE!
No, your ineptitude will shutdown the gov't! Let's talk about #FlynnAndRussia...tweet about that?!?!?!
When you going to learn your promises aren't worth diddly?  That's why you needed Russia to save you from a second round of bankrupcies
Do you promise????
. Another reason to drain the swamp!
i dont know about ur thinking but Muslims hates you because of ur  own policy make 2 destroy them,u through bombs on innocent & twk #Rebuild
Donald claims our government "needs a good shutdown"—probably so he can go on an extended golf vacation.
Nasty liar
Another lie. You want to shut down the government if you don't get your way.
No shit sherlock. POLITICS
Do not make promises you can not keep and make the wall will not be paid by Mexicans and they will not be paid from our money use your money
You are learning that politics is harder than you thought - same with health care, breathing, etc.!
You control the WH. The GOP controls the senate and house. Blaming the democrats is specious, false, dishonest, disengenuous, and  bogus.
What I would like to see more of is a mob shutting down their (Dems) free speech like they are trying to do. They try to shut me down b slap
Let it shut down. Call them on their bluff
THAT'S ALL ON U DONNY!  MAGA and GET OUT of the People's House!!!
How about we rebuild our infrastructure? Or hey, maybe create universal health care? Invest in science? Education?
I thought that's what you wanted. What did "drain the swamp" mean then??
Politics!
If you can't say something nice come sit by me
Democrats cannot shut the government down. That would be all on you Donny.
your budget & tax cuts; not reform. Are both laughable. U are stealing from the majority to line the pockets of the wealthy
...tiny hands? tbh mnd. Huge idiot.
Oh you mean like how repubtards shut down the government twice when President Obama was in office. Don't like it when it is you. Loser.
You're such a darn goof. : )
What part of our military needs rebuilding? The part that makes your cronies & your investments the most money? We need 2 see your taxes 
I know an old lady who left huge sums of money to her grandkids.  She was a secretary to someone in our defense dept.  Stock tips $$$$$$$$
why don't you promise to show us your taxes?
so refreshing that you did not come to us as a politician!
You mean the Democrats who control Executive, House & Senate? #GOP has all of the power and NONE of the leadership.
Our military is over funded as It is
Government shutdown needs to happen to expose democrats as the frauds they are.
Major Major rebuild is it???
'POLITICS!'

Ha, this guy. 
You are the reason we are so divided in this country. Stop blaming the other side and try work work with them.
LIER!!
Funny...the Repubs shut it down the last two times. Did you forget???
OMG you have a majority in both house and senate!!! You still can't get anything done then blame Dems. SMH
Please secure the border to Canada we don't want those running from the USA
Dems clueless about dangers we face
That would be shame because republicans never shut down the government
Republicans control the government
chuck and the mental Pelosi are nuts, keep the pressure on.
And watch as America rebuilds.  Watch as how the country honors you and makes the sissy European countries envy us!  Like they used to.
WTF did you think you were entering into, a popularity contest?? To say you are a dimwit, is a bigly understatement!!
