@AndJustice4AII
If you were any f'in dumber, they would have to pass a law against you! #StopTheLying! #Shameful #Loser
Ryan is a bum boy! All paid by big companies. One payer and set the billing prices dummy!
... I could not agree more than what Taurus Rachel is saying.. Speaker Ryan - MUST GO!

Wow, such diversity right there :P :P :P
maybe try not putting up crooks?

Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S… htt...
Stop delaying and #ResignNOW
The worse representation of America. #disgraceful

So true isn't it @PressSec @KellyannePolls I'm sure your families are proud.. ya they probably are just like you
yes, it's the democrats fault. #KremlinCohorts #TrumpImpeachmentParty
care to provide any evidence connecting Trump to Russia??
I don't know what kind of evidence you want other than what journalists have found.
non-biased evidence would be appreciated.
and what is non-biased evidence? Breitbart? Infowars?
prison planet ?
nope, all media tells you what to think at times. I want to create my own opinion based on raw facts and data.
and where do you get them from?
Trump: No one will lose HC coverage
#CBO: 24M people will lose HC coverage
FoxNews: Calm down, they were only off by 24M
But, we all should go easy on the GOP - everyone knows that math is hard.
but, don't worry ... The Donald is furiously working on a new healthcare plan to save us all.

behold, the power of projection
turn off colbert too
@brunelldonald Take care of the FBI they are working against you - It needs an overhaul ASAP. Please be careful w/ people.
.@realDonaldTrump You mean - unfortunately hundreds of seats are empty in your administration because YOU are too incompetent to fill them.
one is still shaking your hand one minute, running his mouth the next.
maybe they are deliberating
You should ALL RESIGN NOW!
because they are jealous and can't professionally handle their defeat, excellent job you're doing Mr President
room of #losers 
look Daddy LOOK DADDY  DADDY LOOK D-A-D-D-Y  whimper whimper I'm President
Nominate someone Dems can get behind instead of more swamp people!
You are the reason people are blind
REALLY? What about the delay after Justice Scalia died in Feb '16. Remember Merrick Garland?  The hypocrisy...
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
if you dont keep offering alternative nominees youd get a cabinet. Seems your choices are based on Scottish cuisine. A dare
the entire room of swamp rats seats will be empty next! Very soon turd!!! Including YOU TRAITOR!!!
look, there's a lump of coal on a pile of snowflakes
Do your job Senate
How long can this disgruntled  minority hold up the function of executive branch? It close to 3 months since inauguration.
You force unqualified people on the American people and wonder why only those 4 are empty. One fired due to Russia!
cultivated by Russia to be president due to their interference
Swamp already drained?!
it helps to nominate people who are actually fit for the job. Generally pushes things along faster. #hopethathelps
Those 4 are acting childlike and you don't need them. It's their loss and shows how stupid they are!!!!
we the real American people are behind you 200%
WHINER
What about the 500 some odd positions you haven't nominated or hired yet?? Like in the Defense Dept. One nominated:Sec
WOW! IT TOOK THE DEMS ALMOST 2 MONTHS BEFORE THEY CLD LET U HAVE UR FULL CABINET BUT STIL LIKE THAT....
actually, it's because you couldn't find a qualified candidate to fill those posts. Try doing your job and it will change.
@JordanPeele #getout #getoutmovie
TrumpCare means 24 MILLION people will lose health ins, premiums increase 15-20%. Got a comment? https://www.buzzfeed.com/paulmcleod/republican-health-care-plan-would-mean-14-million-more-unins …
the ACA helped me. My employer now had to offer insurance where there was none before
may you have success in spite of them
#FUPOTUS #PassTheBS
KELLY ANNE NOT THERE TO PHOTO BOMB GOOD PEOPLES HUH ...OH YEAH THE COLOR OF SKIN IS DIFFERENT IN THIS GROUP
proud to tell you I will be celebrating when you're walls come tumbling down and they will
a'll I hear is  (Trump these mean your crying or whining)
MEMO: The delays aren't caused by Dems. We could have Nuclear Option from day ONE. Repugs dragging feet not just Dems!
Did you look at the CBO report? Good luck!
Who's that guy sitting in President Bannon's chair?
want some gin & juice?
There were 44 million in spirit with you & mad. As hell those darn Democrats are messing up your administration!
Why do they applaud him for signing his name?.. is it really that hard?
Dude. What planet are you on? This is Earth, not Trumptuine...
yawnnnnnnnn
look at all these blue pill plebs who dont read..
below me. Annnnnnnnnnd
Great pic of partners in crime.  Great group all liars.  Glad to have pic to finger point each one.
Awww too bad. Do you ever take responsibility for anything??? You put blame on everyone but yourself. In over your head.
same way senate Republicans delayed everything Obama did hypocritical ass
or your peepes keep changing their mind about working for you.
do you know how to tell the truth?  You dad must be so proud. Oh wait he's just like you. Liar and racist
There are women? Oh, Mitch McConnell's wife!
Your favorite part of the job. Signing forms that you have no idea what they are, like a good little trained monkey.

#pristinedonald  Pristine Donald found his wheel of blame again.  Stop whining, start leading
I thought the circus went to Russia
dems are used to delaying, they spent 8 years plus doing it!
Make a deal, deal maker
Tell #TrumpKushner to use that 400 Billion #paytoplay from China to pay for the #NEA, #MealsonWheels #PBS, NASA, EPA etc.!
Looks like a Rogue's Gallery if I ever saw one...thought u were going to drain the swamp not fill it!!! Real winners there!
it's clear he hates all democrats. Democrats like everyone to have rights. Republicans only like the Bible and the rich.
Oldest, whitest, dumbest cabinet ever assembled. Maybe you can fill the 4 seats with monkeys to increase the brainpower.
This is another reason we need "TERM LIMITS". How does Schumer have so much power to delay the President of the USA from doing his job?
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
: How much paper did you waste?
YAY! First meeting of the Legion of Doom! We're all screwed! #crookedwhitehouse #treason
I wish they cared about our country. Who are they?
We would have been better off if we had let them adequately vet Flynn.
Everyone meet the cabinet that will destroy this country.
YOU ARE A DANGEROUS MAN! Release your other years tax returns!
Your inefficient staff are the reason for the 4 empty seats! Paperwork not filed on time, loser!
It's called resistance. Resistance against you,Bannon, Putin and the racist alt-right agenda you & the Republicans promote.
it's your crappy vetting which left so many  withdrawing and  so many w/out paperwork on ethics
Pray for them. They seem to think that they r doing the right thing, but what ever God allows its okay. CEO President Trump
So sad- & there's Crowley registering to be a Ukrainian foreign agent. Your admin will likely be the most corrupt ever.
If ever their was a cabinet formed to Make America Hate Again , this is it ! Fine job 45...
awwww, the billionaire trust fund babys club
Look at all that diversity!
there's more black people in Beyoncé than that cabinet
such diversity
What you call "delaying" is called vetting and given your past picks they need to be vetted very well re RUSSIA!!!!!
right...4 empty seats b/c of the character of your choices.
those gold curtains look horrendous!  If you chose good ppl to fill positions not $ hungry, you might not have an issue.
not true our water is so bad and my blood speaks for its self toxic water cost us $170 a month and this is with 65% credits
BAD, SO SAD for you.  Good SO GOOD for Dems , USA , and rest of world.

Show your taxes as promised
a bunch of freaks in one place!
You mean like GOP delayed Obama's Supreme Court nominee? Like THAT kind of delay???????????
says the one who has had vacation time with American taxes 
Shut up.....What did your friend Mitch McConnell due to the Obama administration.
You need to fill those seats so you can take apart their departments. Smart move by #PresidentBannon
Old, white, rich, & privileged.  And Ben Carson.
Everyone agrees this is the worst cabinet in the history of the world. Most should be jailed because of lies & Russian ties
Nice of U 2 complain on dems delaying, remind me who DELAYED the Supreme Court nominee for 12 whole months?
#fakenews they're empty bc resigned withdrew etc plus reps have majority plus uve failed to even nominate most positions
don't know why you are worried about 4 empty chairs when your most recent EO appears to do away with a lot of the depts!
You're still @realDonaldTrump 1,200 staff short. Bannon wants us to believe it's about deconstruction, but no-one wants to work for you.
STOP BLAMING EVERYONE ELSE FOR YOUR SHIT STORM!  OWN IT LIAR 
: Your Wikipedia page will forever tell your Milo kids that you are a loser.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
you are delaying!
Do you not bother to learn about procedure? Those four seats would have been filled had you any job knowledge. #niceTry
And with luck never get confirmed.
“If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign? #AlbertEinstein #notmypresident
.@realDonaldTrump - Speaking of delays, how are YOUR NOMINATIONS of 500 sub-Cab positions coming? You can only bash Dems to cover yourself?
The Dems can't hold up your appointees because the Repubs are the majority party!
Not true.  You haven't nominated anyone.  Accept responsibility for your own actions.  Stop blame games
TRUTH NEWS !  TRUMP too friendly with RUSSIA, Why is he so indebted to RUSSIA ? You have to wonder, a traitor in your midst
not one person is qualified for their position
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
Hey, you have something on your chin… no, the 3rd one down.
#TRUMP SICK  stop #BS #JIGisUP your ALTER EGO  FAKE #PUBLICIST #JOHNmiller  #JohnBARRON where the DIRT IE REST #TAXRETURNS
#TRUMP  #LUNATIC has the POWER to DESTROY the WORLD HEY TRUMP $$$ won't help YOU where your GOING release MEAT #TAXRETURNS
#trump #CHARLATAN  LYING  DEADEND  just like #TRUMPCARE #DEATHSENTENCE 4 MILLIONS of #Americans surround self #EVIL #GREED
#TRUMP HAPPEN #shitHappens #AMERICA surprised still HAVE RELIGIOUS & CIVILwar nuts STARS just align like #ASTEROID STRIKE
#TAX NIBBLE DEFLECT GAME #TRUMP stuck his FOOT in his OWN #BS NOW whats he got up his SLEEVE for FAKE #PRESIDENTObama TAP
not delaying. One candidate hasn't submitted paper work yet
Release all your taxes and call for an independent investigation of your involvement with Russia
stop being hateful. Stop taking apart our country.
gathering of the worst America has to offer. #flockoffascists #murderofmeatpuppets #cycloneofpsychopaths
We've seen smarter cabinets at IKEA
So far, everyone you appointed is as corrupt as you.
Your cabinet is a disgrace. Doesn't represent the people. Only represents your interests. Dems should have blocked more.
more unsubstantiated BS that a qualified professional would not be publicly announcing. Get a grip dude
Or maybe YOU needed those extra four seats to fit your big fat KFC a$$ on?
dems R not delaying they R doing their job #DumpTrump

a complete failure. He needs to go before he destroys the country
Look at all those old white guys!  #justsaying
Senate Dems delaying your terrible, horrible, very bad, no good appointees.  Shocked:P
that's bullshit!
with good reason! Ur slurry regime is corrupt, why add more?
I think they're having problems finding Russian translators for the hearings. #russiagate #Trumpcare
For God's sake just do your job and stop whining!!
you have the worst cabinet in US history. Way to WHITEWASH everything. Loser.
wow, 4 women, one black guy and 13 old white men. Clearly you get this whole diversity issue, can rest easy w/ u in the WS
Being an odious excuse for a human, most people don't actually like you.  Imagine having to be in the same room!! Sick.
iT took Repubes 165 to finish Obama's cabinet. You are looking pretty good!
54 Rs in the senate; why does what Democrats do matter?
And the many other positions you've left unfilled in multiple departments? And the other important departmental positions being eliminated?
And because you haven't finished nominating people for available positions.
that and you pick unqualified or shady candidates.
- Wrong, Liar In chief - Republicans control the Senate, Dems can't delay. #growuppotus
;from the poor as always as being
How is it going? Enjoying preaidency? All the best. Let's spread peace and love for all mankind.
most, if not all, od those cabinet seats were bought. sad.
Clever o'U to have 5bimbos and 3TG-men, that'll show
indie Reps! I'm a KKKman didn't vote forUasU only choice. Bomb Russia!
notice how "shawty" sessions is in the back and on his tippy toes in order to just barely fit into the frame. classic trump
there is one black guy
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
