You lie so much you even keep up with your lies ! Get off Twitter and start doing your f****** job.
Hey Mr. Trump we all know you are in bed with Russia!! May it be business or a friendship.
@redviolet1458 so happy you won! 
politics!  A topic you're ignorant of.
@redviolet1458 we love you Mr. President. Hurry and replace those obama people. They have no Integrity!!
@panamagreeneyes @realDonaldTrump @redviolet1458 Yes!  Trying to cause chaos!
u r nice.
did you notice the phones and correspondence during meeting.   You go to meetings, phone shd be off or not allowed.
Disclosing (and receiving?) TS info outside of TS channels is a felony.
really trump get a life
fzdggffc
this is something that needs to have a committee go investigate.Stay the course and do what's needed to turn things around
idc the emoji movie has been cancelled! Let's celebrate
Drain that swamp! president Trump

make America great again

#snowflake

Mr. President Elect. Your to smart for all this. You exercise common sense, realistic & logical thinking when see something
Your duped supporters don't realize the only thing they're drinking from their "Liberal Tears” mugs is Putin’s man-sauce
TRUMP man-sauce .... YES !
All collude together...
MSM, corrupt intelligence networks, corrupt DNC, corrupt candidates, corrupt politicians
Clean up!
you need to be shot for treason in front of firing squad on tv an I will twitter it live "your fired" !!!!!
why would they get it before you?
Maybe if you actually went to intelligence briefings you'd have seen it.
He's not president yet and + he's been ready for that briefing all week but they had to delay for some reason.
That's why we have the lame duck period -- to have a transition to fill in the new President.
Have I got a girl for you, Troll-in-Chief. Grab her by the pussy to your heart's content and nobody will complain.
are you mad you can't fool us? Most of us, yes the majority of us, can see through your b.s.
Maybe if you went to an intel meeting or two, you'd know what's going on. #ThanksDonald #PEOTUS #InfantInChief #DontheCon
Probably the same way you pulled this off:   https://www.google.com/amp/s/thinkprogress.org/amp/p/d2a945c458c3?client=ms-opera-mobile&espv=1 …
THE DEPTH OF THIS MANS SICKNESS RAGE N HATE SHOWS THRU 
http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN14Q0DU …
you're the biggest cheat, conman, and degenerate going
What is your point ??
Why are you taking away poor peoples free insurance when you and your Congress are guaranteed it?
Rhetoric!  Love! Unanswered! Questions!
@NBCNews  is solely owned n operated  on behalf of the communist party and extension of the #nwo  globalist gov.

Maybe I should reprint my Russia story from months ago sentence by sentence so I can beat other's new "exclusives." http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-vladimir-putin-russia-hillary-clinton-united-states-europe-516895 …
don you know it was your bff vlad. Will you whine about that?
Gee,the person responsible for all the illegal activities against this great nation #EXpotus Americas greatest mistake!
Mr Trump you know they are all crooked as hell. D. T S. drain that swamp.  Bj aiken SC
iit called journalism. Donnie boy
"Grow up!"

- Joe Biden and America



. @realDonaldTrump How did your deposition in that racism lawsuit against you go today?
yep TWEET ABOUT THAT
The real question @JoeNBC is why is the #CIA leaking ANYTHING to the press & #MSM? But we're supposed to "trust" them 
who in the hell trust the cia? They are very untrustworthy.  Retweet this before cia comes to get me
lying Donald Trump keep your promises! Show your tax returns! Love his up! Trump is a crook!
https://twitter.com/TrumpSauceClub/status/817250779060793344 …
it's called propaganda Mr President. My hope is that you install laws to force separation of media and state. 
.@realDonaldTrump Donald, the more you whine about it, the more you prove them right. Before you rant and rave, remember: You're President!
.@realDonaldTrump Would Roosevelt raise a fuss like this? Would Lincoln? Come on, sweetheart. Buck up. You're giving them fodder.
Bess, do you just stare at your phone googly-eyed waiting for Trump to tweet so you can go on with your cheeseball onslaught? Honestly...
She knows she's an idiot and only she knows why she's here. Probably just lonely.
If you went to briefings you would get the same report.
The report was denied to Trump and lawmakers but allowed to NBC? Liberal media collusion!
You are Donald's trolls troll.
Tony I love arguing with you-you already lost! My guy won and you can't stop him. I know it hurts!
oh, he'll be stopped, hon.  He'll be stopped. #TheResistance
The primaries? The election? The electors? Great track record of democrats winning!
That's because there was a black president, and all your racist relatives got pissed.

maybe if you dial back on twitter, you'll have time to make sure  you check your email...It's probably in your inbox 
@Sportmigos @Wentswagon I'm sure he read your response 
@jimrandazzo the report is a scam.fake news media always reports from an unknown source.why do you think that is
Canada will always know you as Donald Duck I mean Donald Trump but NEVER Donald Trump " lol"
NOT POLITICS - CRIMINAL ACTIVITY AND COLLUSION - violating FEC laws as well as the 4th Amendment!
will anything be done with the Bundy case in Nevada?
Put a sock in it.
your a meatball...just saying..
Maybe your friend Vlad slipped them a copy?
I thought all you buttercups and snowflakes wanted socialist government.  What's your gripe?
Not saying Hilary was either, but Trump definitely isn't.He is no better, only helping his rich buddies.
folks are nervous no doubt, but now we are here so let's keep working to make us all better
Until you get people who come from the bottom of a working background, you'll ALWAYS get establishment govts
don't disagree, maybe this is your calling, step up to the plate and share your ideas with the people.
I would love to see a Native American President in my lifetime.
I would not care what their race or ethnicity is, just be a good leader, not a ruler.
stop acting like a spoiled adolescent; you now have important issues to deal with. People are depending on YOU. Step UP.
Liberals in Government in Collusion with press AGAIN. This is why Trump Tweets.
Don't worry Putin will fix it for you
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
Maybe. Just maybe. They went to your briefing.
Truth is now obvious Obama owns MSNBC. This story is a hot topic. The media should never been the story.
If you attended the intelligence briefings you would have seen it to! But then 'you are like  a really smart guy' ,whatever
So freaking tired of the crooked media! Free press doesn't mean they can flat out fabricate crap stories. They need 2 stop!
Maybe because you acted like you didn't give a s**t, and didn't believe it! Idiocy!
On January 20, 2017 we remove a very corrupt administration.
中国人民发来贺电
...and how did your puppet do the same yesterday...
Clean it up!!
???
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
please stop tweeting. It is so embarrassing. Please stop
HMMMM it just isnt CROOKED HILLARY
Sir, you are not yet president.
?????
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
Bec
you cannot be serious...act like a president
Keep screwing with Intel folks, and soon we'll be getting leaks of your family's pre-election communications with Russians
If someone is really leaking intel, they should be arrested !!!! America called, she said she wants her common sense back!
Yeah! Like whoever gave Trump the info no one else knew about that Trump revealed last Tuesday or Wednesday!
Yeah politics. Crazy. Maybe you should go do something else for the next 4 yrs. #resist #commonsense #murikahasdoomedus
FYI : BO will stab you in the back every opportunity he gets. NEVER trust him or Hillary.
.@realDonaldTrump Coherence is something you seem to struggle with; have you talked to someone about that?
.@realDonaldTrump Have you considered that your Twitter rants make the intelligence community less likely to share intel with you?
your impeachment hearings should begin shortly, traitor.
it MIGHT have been presented in a security briefing, you wouldn't have seen that would you? #notmypresident #ImpeachTrump
wikileaks gave it to them
good question
This Tweet: #Definite material for #TrumpMonument. Thx @jack !
Hey , to all Trump voters it's ok to admit you made a mistake. We will take you back! Your forgiven.
shut up
You're in office now "leaks" are no longer necessary. Telegraph...Telephone...Tell-a-Trump!
THEY CAN be given anything that can be substantiated. Stop using your ass to talk!
because you told the media you didn't need these briefings, right?
We do appreciate that u r communicating with us the ppl that gave u the presidency don't listen to them you continue communicating with us
Want to know things before anyone else does? Attend your intel briefings! Easy fix!
NBC got the FBI REPORT BEFORE PRESIDENT TRUMP .  DRAIN THE  SWAMP. IT STINKS .
That's why we elected you...SO SICK OF POLITICS AS USUAL!
Obama is still the POTUS. You still don't get it?
Now we know why Megyn Kelly is going to NBC, so she can continue attacking you with dishonest means.
now YOU are politics, Mr. Pervert
that's what all socialist say because the Utopia isn't real. Greece would have went belly up if the EU didn't bail it out.
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
Keeping yourself in the reality TV box will make America great again.
: The media is corrupt. Especially those in the DSM (DRY STREAM MEDIA).
Maybe because you are NOT the President yet, but only the President Elect. BIG difference you can't understand yet.
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
UN classified.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
Aren't politics the reason why you ran for office?! Or was it for twitter followers? Decide now b4 destroying our country!
Leave old people alone and if your going  to take away there Medicare it's wrong.  Take care of old people they deserve it.
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
Whiner.  Suck it up Buttercup. Can't take it Snowflake??  #loserdonald
But being both private n goverment owned may present another problem.Can u fix that one too?
Hopefully your people will do their job when you are elected.
Probably wanted to share it with readers who could understand it. 
Don't take it do hard Donny
don't worry, you will tweet your findings on your intelligence briefing later... 6ish? #buffoon
nope, the chance info leaks increases squared with the number of people involved. Common sense...
Politics? No, good reporting, that's all.
seriously,  I've NEVER seen so much bitching, anger and unadulterated violence toward a president elect!!! 1 of 2
You do not ask. You do not listen.
I'd be shocked if you have the brainpower to tie your own shoes, fascist trump.
off with their heads!
How very happy we are to have you Mr President.
how that make you feel
How cute. Comrade @realDonaldTrump is upset his boss Putin has been caught.
we want you to find out Mr Trump. Something is rotten in Washington....something stinks!!
does this guy do anything other then send tweets
Could be they are all in bed together. The  Media needs to be shown the door. To be used at your favor. Shut them out.
Traitor Fraud
"politics!" is a really hilarious exclamation for the most powerful politician in the world. Good to know you understand your job.
The appointees will be gone in 13 days. Think Comey has 5 yrs left.
Hey Politics!  Give us our report back!
@atasteoflife WTF is up here
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
NBC aka "News By Communists” gets very special privileges.
- Uhhhh, Obama is still the president.  You're the pretender.  Why don't you ask your pals at NBC how they got it?
they're all liars in collusion w/ each other and were found out  thank god you tell it like it is..@SenSchumer IS A CLOWN
maybe the one who leaked to NBC is the one who gave info to wikileaks
maybe you could ask @Twitter about it?
.@realDonaldTrump Washington needs a good clear-out. #Draintheswamp
Yeah. Politics. You're a politician now. Remember?
@LVNancy @FoxNews needs to replace Julie, Juan & Geraldo for commentary. They are way too left. Becoming unwatchable.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
you say the internet is not safe, and there you are exposing everything on the internet.  Do us all a favor, and resign!
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
I hope you can uncover the answer and lock them up!
sir this country is going to shitt needs action
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I know right? I'm confused by politics also.
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
my god Russia IA why u won and ur priority is to investigate nbc?
Biden is right. Grow up you big baby.
All the branches fell off your family tree when you were born
Listen, do you really know about business? It is cheap labor not from US or Mexico. Not everything in the world is USA.
Is your plan for #VeteranHealthCare top secret too? Must be because you won't even let #vets in on it! They deserve answers
