Both cuckoo for cocopuffs! Kindred spirit? 
Suck it Mitch and Ryan.  If Trump won't get rid of u and ur boys, America will. Drain it!
Great to see Trump endorsing a candidate who thinks homosexuality should be a criminal offence, and who puts religion before law.
The ocean is "big" & the airport is "broken"......
OR RAY...
Hey @POTUS you should get involved with the Moore campaign. He could use all the help he can get in losing that one. Put him over the top.
Looks like you can't carry your candidate across the finish line!  Bannon beats Trump aka #Loser
Hey little hands your candidate looses again. Now you're kissing Bannon's ass because you're scared of what he knows about you.
You didn't back Moore. Wonder if he thinks you're an #SOB. Glad you changed it to December. It makes you look smarter.

That's a man
Yes. A president.
Has anyone ever seen Melania smile when Trump kisses her? Or has he ever kissed her in public?
Stupid tweet
Stupid name.
Congratulations to all the compassionate Senators for not repealing the ACA.   BIG WIN !!
WE WIN EITHER WAY! MOORE IS MAGA!
THE TRUMP MOVEMENT IS BIGGER THAN ANYTHING OR ANYONE! WE WIN! #maga
This movement has been waiting for the leader. We have him. Now we back him...LIKE NO OTHER!!!
KEEP FIGHTING IT AIN'T OVER! MOBILZE FOR 2018 NOW! VOTE PRO TRUMP ONLY AND FOLLOW AS MANY PATRIOTS AS POSSIBLE! Maga
That was quick
Hahaha. Strange loses. Trump care shot down. Sooooo much winning! Are you trying to pace yourself? You can start the winning any time now.
No they don't
Once a loser always a loser..
Witness Donald Trump's second face. Trump put all his eggs into Luther Strange's basket... now they're as broken as Trump's psyche.

You backed the LOSER!!
LOVE YOU TRUMP
Tides are turning on you, you orange sphincter!
Stop it already and
Go #EAD  
You melted creamsicle
lookalike wannabe!
Nobody likes or trusts you! #EAD  
What... someone you backed lost? Ha ha  isn't America great... still #NotMyPresident
So, who is the next LOSER you plan to support
Which shows an endorsement from you isn't worth shit. How's your ego old man?
TRUMP TRAIN FULL STEAM AHEAD CHOOO CHOOOOOOOO
Trump is just as happy with Moore than Strange. An endorsement is what it is. You liberals go somewhere else. ALABAMA STANDS WITH TRUMP 
By the way Jerry Jones is a real stand up guy.
We love you
Looks like all that campaigning you did for Strange really paid off!
He can't even say their names properly.
Who's your daddy
test
We can see your deleted tweets about your loser endorsements.
OMFG. Trump is deleting his tweets about the candidate he endorsed (Luther Strange) now that he lost to Roy Moore.

…
1 CORINTHIANS 13:8 (CAN'T FAIL!)
COLOSSIANS 3:14 (STATE OF THE UNION!)
YOU FAILED AGAIN!!! LOSER!!!
Now let’s all get behind Roy Moore and push for a feat against Democrat Doug Jones! #MAGA 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
#MAGABIT
@realDonaldTrump, America's GREATEST FAILURE, I am a life long Republican, I voted for you, & I am embarrassed and ashamed of you & myself.
MooreSenate @CNN @foxnation @foxandfriends @maddow @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @SteveBannonWH45 @PressSec @KellyannePolls @StephenMillerAL @PaulManafort
@MooreSenate
What was the typo this time?
November, December, it's all covfefe to Donnie.
Aww...sweet memories.  Any endorsement from you is a death knell for the woebegotten candidate.  You should endorse more often!

Call 212-450-2000 and let the NFL know your boycotting to fight for our veterans and our national anthem. All stand or we continue the ban.

YOU LOST!!! You and your party should go home!
This tweet didn't age well. Is this going to be deleted too?
my hero
So great of him. He is a man!!

Just to be absolutely clear,

The Republican Party has formally endorsed a candidate for Senate who believes the country was better off…
TRUMP LOST!!!
He didnt loose his guy really won he faked u people out a genius at work
According  to Electoral vote Hillary is NOT President 
Guess who's not in the White House 
End of the day nothing  # bless your 
 make you Weiss too much make makes fool

The election is over his real guy won trump fooled u snowflakes again
Ummmmm Puerto Rico??? Dummy
Luther Strange was strangely your boy until he lost! U turn on someone fast! #TrumpRussia #racistinthewhitehouse
Just what we need..another bigot
Current @POTUS is a LOSER BIG TIMR but true to form, rewrites history with #alternativefacts
YOUR ENDORSEMENT OF STRANGE  STOPPED HIM COLD
You're candidate lost. Do you think everyone forgets everything you say and do?
Moore is like having more of you. Sad for our country, people, and office of President. You lie to us, spew propaganda, demonize press. Sick
I read you took Jared's advice? Bad move! Follow your own sharp instincts and those conservatives loyal to you! Not Left leaning advisers!
He won & YOU lost..
Just like the popular vote..
Dotard !!
You picked the wrong guy loser
Love his Trumpism...wall, taxes, repeal and DRAIN THE SWAMP
So many losses for you!
Trump-tearing America apart physically and racially defiantly tore into the Eco system and Parks and coyly driving a racial wedge in the USA

#electaclownexpectacircus racist
Are you gonna scrub this post next month??
Boy that was an embarrassing loss for you. But on the bright side you must be getting quite used to losing by now.
Keep up the work hurrah for Trump and Sheriff Joe
#FakePresident
Also Bannon is on your side as is the rest of us but you turn on him and you turn on most of your base, dont forget that.
.Didnt Strange actually lose ground in the race? Was it always the plan to start way back and drop further behind? Great strategy!
He doesn't want your support... He'll lose for sure...
So why did you delete your previous tweets about Strange.  Shame on you.  Stand behind what you post
From all that I had read, I'm glad he won. I think he will be an asset.
Trump-ette got hit in his face or kick in the A... with Moore winning. HA!HA!
Strange racist
Ahh, your guy lost. Another fail. So much winning.
Except he wasn't the one you endorsed, Mr. Popularity.

Holy crap.
This is really happening.
Trump is trying to erase his support of Luther Strange after his loss tonight
…
Roy Moore the religious fanatic. Makes crazy hate statements. Does not believe separation of church and state. God forbid a win!

ATTENTION LIBERALS/DEMOCRATS PLEASE POST YOUR ADDRESS SO YOU CAN BE EASILY FOUND AND BROUGHT TO JUSTICE WHEN THE REVOLUTION STARTS

Do da name Janus strike a familiar note?
You know he is against gays and they're American too right?
any way the wind blows
Please stop all the rhetoric. Help all the people in need including our own.
Now I know where all the losers hangout.  They are here, TRYING to antagonize President Trump.
Good sport class act
Sir help
Trump is the greatest POTUS of our times. Saving our lives our fortunes and our nation. Thank God for you.
Happy the day our 12th Imam will emerge in the world, be full of love, kindness and tolerance.
The ol’ revisionist history tactic. Fake news!
Congratulations 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha . Anyone else you'd like to endorse???
Weren't you campaigning for the other guy?  So much losing!
well done Trump from one of your fans in Nigeria
Funny that you have deleted your many tweets endorsing Strange. Once again trying to rewrite history #ImpeachTrump
Try November. You really have #NoClue about how government is run.  All states vote on the second Tuesday in November for general elections.
Where are all the tweets you sent for him did you delete them I can't find them what's going on boy show us your taxes
Again, you are so Bipolar.
So where are your deleted tweets? Embarrassed and ashamed? So are we the people, by you
I thought you had Luther in this one. Tooo bad.
Admit it Don the Con, you wanted Moore to win & backed Strange to sabotage. #donaldtrumpisawhitesupremist #fuckyoudonaldtrump
I'm going to congratulate you when you lose the election in 2020.  I can't wait.  So excited!!!
So, you deleted all your Luther Strange support tweets so you would not be associated with a loser. What a guy! 
You aren't going to like Moore taking your thunder!  He's more flamboyant than you!! He is going to get your photo ops

Way to get the Media to help Judge Moore.  They would do anything to undermine you.  Well played.  Now we get a conservative
Doesnt matter losing its who you lose to...like Us in the Midlands Uk. Lawlessness n corruption cums from Courts 2- institutionalised racism
Institutionalised racists n unrehabilatable Crminals like incestuoso Sarah Mary so cald Paralegal? Sorearsed dope running User morelike :-(
Furthermore molycoddled by corruption White supremacist churhes and Black African immigrant segreated Churhes 2.Huh..n she claims  Catholic?
If you were an Alabama resident (as I am), who would understand why Roy Moore won. The right man prevailed.  #MAGA
What a suck up!
Thank God your a hypocrite because you would really would look like an idiot if you weren't
But you didn't support him!
Yep. We have another good old boy racist in office who sill try to set civil rites in his state back 200 years. Way to go. NOT
Yes and you went all the way down their to help get @lutherstrange elected but you lost dummy!!!
Did you speak to him one racist to another? Or one fool to another?
I would imagine both. lol What a joke, tinmom. What a joke.
Patriots support ROY MOORE all the way!! Great man and loves this country!!
you change sides every other minute what a loser
...but of course, you wanted the OTHER guy to win, right?  The one you endorsed?
#ResignNOW, while it remains an option...
Maybe you can pray together
2 faced dog
You picked another LOSER. FOCUS ON PUERTO RICO.

Looks like some people live on here probably should go get a job
Y'all don't get it. Whether it was strange or Moore it was a win win situation for him. #maga congratulations mr Moore
صباح الخير يا سيد الرئيس 
انا شاب سوداني وحابب 
احصل إلى اميركا شوه رايك إنته وما معي اي شي
U better get a grip on the idiots that are influencing your choices in these matters, they are steering you very badly.
Puerto Rico is crying
So, I was looking for the tweets in which you strongly backed Luther Strange, but they seem to be gone. Ashamed your choice is a LOSER?

You say big Luther was going to win. Fake news.
This psychopath?!

Have you deleted some tweets?? Seems your backing doesn't mean a lot does it!
that's how I feel about you Nyour self now
Bannon is who you should be listening too. McMaster has to go...Jared Kushner has to go. Listen to real men, like Bannon
Not the guy you endorsed #Loser

Disgraceful! A racist, homophobe religious zealot nutcase in the Senate joining the other nutcases.  Sick.  Congress is sick.
Im just going to put these back...lest we forget.
Trump 2020!  3rd.term needed to drain the twitter comments swamp. Idiots. Trump, the greatest president of our time!
You were stumping for Strange as those people died in PR! 3k containers sitting unloaded. Send military NOW! @indivisiblewa @IndivisibleTeam
Yeah he was your first pick, I missed when changed.
Dotard, I knew your ploy. Roy was your man all along. You are predictable. Distract and dismantle. You are such a sad old man
Looks like your swamp cleaners have jumped right in hiring Lear jets to fly home and visit relatives. Keep on conning your base I'm laughing
Praying for you Mr. Trump. May God protect, and give wisdom, courage and good counsel.
Trump couldn't get Jesus a win
You're delusional plan of taking over the country will stop http://now.YOU  MUST RESIGN!
Are those deleted tweets being saved in a Federal archive? Real question to anybody.
No body wants to touch a punk like u respect ur elders and have manners young man
Let's go Dems. Do not let Moore get close to DC.
Now that he is a winner, you kiss his ass? Winning good, loser bad.
You trolls are a hoot!


Luther lost because you endorsed him. You suck at whatever that is.
The South and Ala. is so SMART that they just elected a GOP canidate that believes there is no Constitution and at the same times Roars for
OkAy we were almost bust to A..U.s there on my phone sign out Carrie Joycelynn Merkle IRaAgent Southside Christian boss Dallas crip German
You have to respect a man who defends the 10 commandments
Looking like a bit of a loser on this...
Trump thinks Moore is a really great guy? I guess if "really great" means a despicable racist Welcome 2 The New @GOP

Roy Moore Cast The Sole Vote In Favor Of A Man Who Raped A Four-Year-Old | Law News https://lawandcrime.com/high-profile/roy-moore-cast-the-sole-vote-in-favor-of-a-man-who-raped-a-four-year-old/ …

If Alabama voters don't #VOTEBLUE. Thier chances of economic recovery with federal aid will be all but lost. #CLUELESSSGOP
What happened to all the tweets about his opponent who you indorsed???
“A vote for Judge Moore isn’t a vote against the president,” Palin said. “It’s a vote for the people’s agenda that elected the president.”
Vote! Vote! Vote! Get your friends and family to VOTE!
