Thank you Donna Warren we are so grateful for your Twitter input God bless you
Thank you Cheryl. 
Saw one of your posts on tv.  Congratulations well deserved recognition
Wow. I am just now seeing your reply Utah. So sorry. Wish I would have seen it! Thanks for letting me know. 

Someone else DM’d me about one on Tucker I think about a month ago but I missed that too. Not sure. 

#MAGA #TRUMP #USA
Thank GOD
Majority
How’s Puerto Rico doing?
 Trump for President in 2020 
What about Puerto Rico ?
Are you serious ?
Just more empty and pre-staged propaganda. He won the election, he doesn’t need more rallies, he needs to do his job.
I know our President likes a challenge... I hope @realDonaldTrump is still having fun putting some great deals together for the American people eh?
https://mobile.twitter.com/_proud_american/status/990259582818705409 …
Those paper towels helped so much!!! Lol
#MAGATexas ya'll. Corpus Christi @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS 
I love  picture of @SHSanders45 #MAGA
She's a Brilliant Warrior for #POTUS.  @SHSanders45
Met her once briefly and her dad. Love her!
Oh my goodness! That's awesome!
#DotardTrump
Fascists
WRONG SONG
Bye troll
Ffs, you can't even insult correctly. It's, "Bye, troll." -DJT does love his base to be stupid, congrats on not letting him down.
Great post Donna!  We do have hope! Thank you President Trump!
Thank you - happy to do it!

We have such a great @POTUS who can right when we needed him! #MAGA
You spell like the person who wrote today’s tweets from your love. Now tell us if you really live in the US?
Two genders two scoops two terms
Behind every GREAT man is a GREAT woman! @FLOTUS @POTUS #MAGA #TRUMP
What do you mean behind SHES! the reason i voted for him..lol
People who judge President Trump,Donald Trump without knowing the man PERSONALLY R 
the same folks who U dare judge them! U get called Names
That's a troll. Don't waste your time.
Oh that's kind of funny. But what's funnier #TROLL is that you only have FIVE followers. LOL! #MAGA
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! #troll
Amen. We needed a change.
Hope your enjoying the change 
Buzz off Amy and stop trolling this feed. 

Offensive.
First Amendment
Oh for crying out loud. Are you for real? Because I know that orange simpleton isn't. He's cringeworthy....just like your video.
Hey Boo...How much do you know about Shaq? Just saying  #MAGA
Beautiful tribute Donna

God Bless our @POTUS and @FLOTUS 
They have truly been a light in this darkness #TexasStrong 

#MAGA
Thanks Nancy!  #MAGA
I think she would disagree
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
What a compliment! Wow!
We love Donna!
Right back at ya! 
Speaking 4 all of us.. Thank you Donna 
My pleasure! So thankful for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump!!
Obvious bot
@ILoveSNL <---> libturd 
TRUTH
Not all
Amen! President @realDonaldTrump is the best! 
Has Trump ever been honest...?
Gag
Said no-one-ever who doesn't believe in C.C. #next.
You bring nothing but dread. #resist #impeach #notmypresident #FuckDrumpf #LockHimUp #Fakepresident #PutinsBitch #Traitor #racist
Are you being funny?

He scares the crap out of at least 60% of Americans, including me.
You are freaking delusional.
Retweeting a former wakeboard champion 
I am inspired to run in '20. If he can get elected, Lord knows, I can. At I least have a basic understanding of Civics and the constitution.
It's not often you see a tiny handed oompaloompa hairflapped lesser shitheaded shitgibbon fellated right out in public.
Get off your knees....
What is this clown, five?
Can you find stupider memes?
YAH!  You told us you'd build a WALL ... well, you haven't done it yet, but you promised you would so ...
You actually believe he was going to do anything he said he was? He's only interested in himself as a rich cronies. You couldn't see that?
We have a Wonderful President and a Wonderful First Lady! I am so proud to be an American!Thanks be to God!!!





I never understand these ultra religious Trump supporters. He's literally anti-everything Jesus stood for and you love it. Makes no sense,
As in?
If supporting borders, language and culture makes one un-Christian in this person's eyes, I'll wait til I meet my Maker, TYVM.
Patricia, I have no prob with support your beliefs. However, Jesus took care of the poor, the less fortunate. You should support those value
Thanks for the sermon. You're saying I don't and you know this, how?
We trust you and believe in you President Trump!
If someone has hurt you or continues to emotionally or physically there are people who can help. Get out of that situation.  for you
Great advice!!

Looks like u got everything there the #Democrats & librals  have been doing for the last 20 years. Dont worry Trump is trying to fix it all.

So laugh all u want, but their is a truth of evil & rasicm here today. Its not our President who perverts truth. Look to the lefts champion.
You sure do love a meme. Even if you get them from crazy non news outlets.  Here's a good one for you personally.
@realDonaldTrump HE BRINGS NO HOPE, HE DOESN'T INSPIRE US!
HE FRIGHTENS US! He's in unhinged, unstable, madman, who should be nowhere near nuclear codes or have command over the military!
Kanye doesn't think so!!!

HOPE? The only thing Trump has done is divided this country. Keep dreaming.
You brought us hope when I thought there was no hope left. There would have been no hope if Hillary would've won. Thank GOD, she didn't!!
Amen to that!
You all need to do your homework. Don't forget to look up the definitions of misogyny, racist, xenophobia, immoral, criminal, narcissism...
Our President is the least of any of these disrespectful things you posted.  Looks like you've been watching too much CNN.
Who needs fox with his tweets? Or cnn for that matter. you are gone man find your spine
Guess you are one of those liberals trying to take this country down.  Hope you wake up before it's too late.
Amen
History lesson to us deplorable Nazis. 
btw, firing Mueller only ingrains the image of guilt. What is he afraid of? The truth?

How much did Spanky pay for you? How does it feel to be a cheap whore w/no self-worth?


Arabs Adultery Russians PMOY Stormy the donald is innocent. Cohen had 16 old phones to prove it.

Won’t happen
Are you a Russian cos you are acting like one
Yeah, hope that this country will survive this degenerate clown of a sad angry man.
Like this

you inspire no one.
Liza you need a happy place. Debbie downer.  if you can't see the positive movement for Americans - your blind
Yeeeaa i don't think @EnVogueMusic would approve of their song being used for...........This
You seem confused of what greatness is
All??? or just you far right wing bigots

Art

Donald Trump is not the new Messiah. Nearly but not quite.
Makes you want to puke into a bin. No hope for world peace with this dangerous man in charge #hide the red button
LOL !
 Do you really believe this swill you're tweeting. #BlueWave #OrangeCrush #Butthurt
You meant to say #hopeless #worthless #racist
To vomit violently perhaps. But that's just about it.
Trashy people like you deserve to be jailed
Thank you Mr President! I have already seen a change in how well or economy is going to become. Others will see it too. Thank you for all you are doing and will do, I will be praying for you and your family to lead us in the right direction 
Resign
Oh my hope,Flynn guilty coffee boy guilty Mike pence  staff leaving in droves. Trump does not know words to the anthem Gary Cohn billionaires add to the swamp so much winning
You are a very blind and deaf and crazed person....to have belief in a Psychotic Lying miserable soul is not too smart for anyone. Just sayn
Oh GAG!
https://www.facebook.com/dennis.weber.58958/posts/1993426027588463 …
You good! V V Good!!
1010011011001101100011
You were dropped on your head a few times too many as a child, weren’t you?
I have learned a lot about @realDonaldTrump He is down to earth,, REAL, speaks his mind, a #Patriot family man, a GOOD MAN! My @POTUS

Yes! Foreign investment is great again. And it is a good thing. European CEOs tell President Trump they’re bringing billions back to the U.S.
Investing in America! European CEOs tell President Trump they’re bringing billions back to the U.S. #WEF18 
This makes me want to vomit
This is the only type of  you believe in...get over yourself and go back to #nambia. Get over yourself and #resign already
Can you not? DT IS TRASH


U hv a problem with black its not about color its about character
Yes  2020 Trump for president and next 8 years ago  God  protections USA forever
2) What year (or even decade) did America stop being great?  What factor caused the change?  Answer clearly and specifically.
Douchebag
Ech you're gross.
Fab!  A compulsive liar and adulterer with a nude model.  Quite the honorable couple.
He brought hope? Only if you HOPE, as a woman, to be objectified. I'm sorry for you Donna
Did you grab you by the pussy too?

@POTUS#Trump & @FLOTUS Thankyou for bringing Hope,Honesty,professionalism,accountability,respect, and integrity back,we are inspired to MAGA!
Yeah Trump is cool, wish Norway had a leader like him, when will the media stop lying. #MAGA #Trump2020
(Also many Trump haters in my country, and I'm proud to not be one of them. But they believe the stupid media too.)
No he really doesn't
If anything he has crushed my hope and makes me question why I get up in the morning. And then I remember to #resist
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS  
I hope go to the USA
hope that might bring a nuclear conflict
Sycophant

You have inspired me to fight the white supremacist in the White House. Exited to see outcome of Russia investigation. #CrookedTrump
So wait... this travel ban is less important.
OH MY GOD!  Hope for WHAT?? A nuclear holocaust? Stop embarrassing yourself!
Y
Wrong!
BOT
Lol. Thanks for the laugh. It's good to see people being sarcastic this early in the morning.

#ImpeachTrump #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Don’t judge him he’s still try things out
Love this video
You are a useless, fucking piece of shit
WOW! I feel horrible for you. So dismissive of one of the biggest bullies right now. Keep drinking that H8trAid! And help him spread it.
Yeah tell that the the Puerto Ricans that still don't have the help they need...
Except when he dodged the military. Unpatriotic.

That's actually a complete lie since More than ,50% didn't vote for him. I guess you have no idea what inspire means.
I hope to God you're a Russian bot, and not an American who is so deluded.
Is Donna Warren a BOT?
Yeah, he inspires me to throw up.

He doesn't inspire us all with his petulant tirades, immaturity, lack of personal ethics, divisive rhetoric, and complete and utter ignorance of American history.
Already the best POTUS in my lifetime. Better than Reagan and overrated JFK.
Beautiful tweet Donna 
Except for the sick , the poor and those who suffer discrimination .. he and his fans make them even more hopeless
Inspire ha ha!! What a joke.  USAF veteran


No. He doesn't
Awesome post,  Hope is alive again.  #MAGA #TrumpTrain #AmericaFirst   #followback #ReleaseTheMemo

Are you nuts
What a crock of 
"Humor"? Say something "witty." I'm waiting, right-winger.
no exaggeration it was hopeless if @HillaryClinton wins. illegals voting, Texas blue, @scotus and lower courts gone, regs thru the roof. bought and mounted Nov 9, 2016
And threw paper towels at ppl. Andcsaid they don't need their flashlights while 95% still has no power
Just being on the Trump train as it is derailing shows you are a few FF short of a Happy meal.

@Twitter @jack @TwitterSupport
You DISGUST me!!!

Still hopeless and will remain. Hopeless as long as Trump is in office. He is not fit to be Presdident and is causing irrevocable damage in your country and in the world.
Trump will grab your pussy and try to buy furniture.
Oh, brother. He only inspires his cult. Even Fox-PAC viewers think DOTUS is tearing our country apart, but apparently they're okay w/it.
By cheating and lying! Your bar of hope is set extremely low!!
TROLL...how much are you paid for this deplorable rhetoric!!!
Great to FINALLY have a CLASSY first lady. It's been a brutal past 8 years.

So inspiring.
Trump is using this whole thing to deflect from Mueller!!!  The trump cabal is going down...soon...believe me!!!!
You are either insane or stupid. Probably both. Where will you be when Rump is in prison? Mueller is coming. Fast.
I think you meant to say..." You brought a DOPE".
beep-beep-boop-boob. Memebot performing as programmed;
Bot.
Wonderful video!
He brought a big steaming pile of dog doo. That is all!
DE-LUSIONAL!
You are obviously Dotard's go to girl........read the following letter to Trump from former Astronaut/NFL Player;
Amazing video! Thanks!

