Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
here comes the SPIN from the SPINNER in chief! LOSER
This is like the size of your inauguration- Taking credit for something you've blown up in your mind. The efforts had NOTHING to do with you
Stay away and let the adults handle this. #ImpeachTrump #HurricaneHarvey #Harvey
Well not quite sure

Well thank you for this. Now I must go poke my eyeballs out with a burning hot spoon
Why not stop golfing, stop tweeting, stop campaigning and work for once to accomplish something Positive for our country.
If you cared half as much about being President of the US as you do about #HurricaneHarvey, we'd be a great shape!
If you coordinated as well with your administration an congress as the government is coordinating, our country would flourish.
While you are looking up to these people, others are looking down to you...
More people in America support Vladimir Putin than support Donald J. Trump.  Think about that for a moment!
I'm willing to bet that more people approve of stinky socks than they do of your presidency thus far.

Oh what- you have time to talk about Texas now between book reviews?
The science behind Harvey's path and strength were spot on, Olaf; and science is also correct concerning climate change.
Ahhh second tweet of the day, yes to address the agencies and congratulation them, but nothing on the victims. And only bc you were (1)
Called on your first shitty endorsement tweet by hundreds and @CNN  #RacistTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence
#saturdaymorning #Fight4Truth #ArpaioPardon #MAGA
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
With no help from u! U cut fundings for things such as this! U are the worst!
Oh, did you use your mega-giant sand bag to stop the floods?
 Might wanna put someone on this
#Resign
The only good thing about this was that he spoke about the people who likely lost everything whislt he sits on his ass doing nothing to help
Not exactly Chump...you need to b the fk out of the WH first then all ur a$$ kissers

# trumpmustgo
Just do it! Be a big boy. We know you want it and you can do it - RESIGN! #ResignNow #ResignTrump #TrumpResign #TrumpRussia #Resistance
Five dead.
Start LISTENING 2 SCIENTIST'S regarding Man-Made climate change rather than saying prayers!
No amount of prayer will stop MOTHER NATURE!
FAKEPOTUS #NAZIPOTUS #CRIMINALPOTUS #LOCKHIMUP @POTUS #patheticpotus
#LIES = 
Eat my grits
Stop these idiots down there from Price gouging
Stay strong Mr President!!
Thank you for dealing with God's wrath and continuing to work tirelessly with all Republicans to combat the hoax known as climate change
#HurricaneHarvery can't move forward due to fronts keeping it stationary. Moving at an #Unprecedented 1MPH when it should be long gone. #sad
Whoever wrote that is an idiot. Least productive?

Profile of a sociopath @georgesoros https://twitter.com/alwaysactions/status/852329156507566080 …

  WE FOUND The 60
Minutes Interview George
Soros Tried To Bury  

Check out George Soros talking about his past as a Nazi collaborator https://twitter.com/alwaysactions/status/852329156507566080 …

Imagine the media meltdown if someone on the @realDonaldTrump team was an unrepentant Nazi collaborator like Democratic kingpin George Soros https://twitter.com/alwaysactions/status/852329156507566080 …

What would you call confiscating the property of Jews to turn it over to a Nazi regime if not collaboration?
Fortunately, the rank and file of the agencies are able to function effectively without an agency head.
Most of the rescuing done by individuals with boats in Texas. 
Some by Gov. Agencies~
And let me tell you about my "Book of the Month" club.
If only you hadn't rescinded Obama's executive order regarding flood defences? Your spite has made this worse. #ImpeachTrump
We NOW Need "Great Coordination" between Members of Congress to IMPEACH You!!
Even Your Own People are against you...
She certainly isn't a chip off daddy's block! You go girl!!

Uncanny.
C'est cela oui! crétin tu es!crétin tu restes
I see the Mexicans came to your aid , how's the WALL comin on ?
This is an incredibly dangerous and catastrophic situation and you tweeted about a bad book before Houston
The book took priority apparently.
I am tired of Trump's self-congratulatory tone. This is a catastrophe not a rally.
Agreed. This shows he will use ANYTHING to promote & congratulate himself/admin. I knew he'd use #harvey for his gain.

Thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. That's what we do as Americans. Here's one way you can help now. https://twitter.com/redcross/status/901546157238833152 …
You are anti American! Leave!!!!
Exactly how? 45 doesn't hold a candle to 44 when it comes to compassion. You leave
#hate dems
Thousands will be rescued when you resign. Do the right thing.
By thousands you're referring to the made up facts that you've pulled out of the air? Or actual facts?
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with....
stop tweeting me who ever is doing this i will TRAMP YOU ASSHOLE
https://www.facebook.com/larry.aden/posts/10210342196496962 …
Were did the $1 million go that Donald Trump Donated
But whilst you are fighting for your life, may I sell you this book? #HoustonFloods
https://twitter.com/TrumpTrain45Pac/status/901894103025164288 …
*6 million people*

Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
CHINA by 2050, the government intends to plant 88 million acres of forests  in a belt nearly 3,000 miles long and up to 900 miles wide
Thanks for taking away flood insurance. Great job 
Your limited vocabulary is so SAD
No thanks to you! Credit goes to our own people who really cared and bought their boats out to help. You could've send out our National guar
Don't forget to bring your hood. They love the KKK down there in Texas.
مبمبمقنب
#ClimateChangeIsReal #YouDontKnowWhatYoureDoing
He even tweets better than you do!
Hey! Instead of all you guys using this tragedy to bash Trump, why don't y'all toddle down to TX and HELP SOMEONE!!???!! Didn't think so!SMH
With no help from you
Not that you had anything to do with it.
Leave Texas on their own... just approve funds.  Don't come.  #wegotthis
If I only had a Babblefish!  I'm sure it would help me translate what seem like lies to my ears.
Remember you had nothing to do with this coordination between the feds &  different agencies in the state of Texas just provide the money
As long as you stay out of it. Maybe helping that region out would be a better use of funds than building a wall.
love how media says where u should visit instead of how ur motorcade would block streets of rescues/supplies &  media crews r doing that.
Poor response. Maybe God is not on your side after all?
Sure this climate thing ain't a hoax. They've made a hurricane happen in Fake News?? Isn't that what they do?? Hmm??
and then what happened
This is what happens when Trump doesn't get involved; good things.
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Please Mr. Trump I stand by you 100% I prayed for you every day please help me I need a small loan I'll pay you back I need equipment
Grave new dangers emerge in Harvey’s wake
The WH has undergone an internal coup!

Please sir? Will you acknowledge regular citizens doing search and rescue?
Why would he?!?! He can't take the credit for ordinary citizens helping, only for service men and women and govt employees!
No thanks to you!!
Such empathy. Ratings & racist sheriff Joe is all that counts. 
UR DA BEST!!!!!!!!!
Oh noh
Ok
True, please continue to stay out of the way so you don't mess it up too!
#Trump How about the size of the crowds to see you?  Public shut out of your Springfield meeting with wealthy supporter, Loren Cook Company.
So glad you're dealing with continuing rain?!?!
Time for a Vaca!
Why didn't the Gov. issue mandatory evacuation for Houston????#lousy #HoustonStrong
Government is good. We should have more if it, eh?
You Don't Know Jack squat about about what's going on in Texas or anywhere else shut up and resign
He said while Rone burns...
that's great our president.
DON'T EVEN PRETEND TO TAKE CREDIT FOR THAT!!!
Thank you may mr president. I hope that you watch One America News. My other favorite after fox business not fox. Hang in there my support
#love Potus
North Korea fired  p m where fire and fury?

Not because if you. You make everything worse.
Crook.
I am sure they owe it all to you.
And no empathy from you. You are all about you.
You took the time to bring a little bit of happiness. Well done sir.
No Thanks to you!
You are a great President

Yes it is but not by you!!!!! You nut by God
We didn't need daddy to keep us informed about the Hurricane . But he could explain why he pardoned a Racist. From one Racist to Another ???
Hey TRUMP WHAT SIZE WAS THE CROWD ??? Oh what u didn't mention it yet!!!
Must say, good job on your recent visit to TX and LA!
Dealt with? Are you putting a giant Trump brand umbrella over Houston?
Unlike you.. We (Texans) know how to get the #Job done. RED or BLUE there are situations that bring us together! #TeachableMoment
Bragging about what is been done is not helpful. Get to work
My Lord are delusional, everything is great to you. Only sales men speak like that but as a con artist. Miss Nobody to you.
You do not scare me and 'll think your crass.
Lots ofpeople won't be getting a survival rose huh Donnie Pre-trial?
Thank you for your help President!!
What exact help is that? His helpful tweets?
Reality is vital
WHERE IS FEMA??? These people need help, not a visit from the greater divider AKA YOU!!!
FEMA is HERA - has been from the beginning of this catastrophe. Thanks but we don't need YOUR "assistance"!
Thank you our president
Yes thanks for his tweets. Very helpful
Great job the world's number one. Please market this team spirit and cooperation to the rest of the world to help manage crisis.

Keep up the good work mr. President we got your back
The president of the United States of America is Donald J Trump yes! Everything going to be all right!!!
May God bless U & your office President Trump !!!
Mr President can we just make MEXICO a 51st state? We can have our own war against the cartel.
Thanks to people who cared about what happened with one another.
Thank you Obama for modernizing, equipping and staffing FEMA after Bush/Katrina debacle.
You're the greatest please remember tomorrow is all about the people of Texas that are hurting. Make America Great.
Worried about Liberalism taking over White House.
Benedict Donald continuing to be an asshole and flashing his ass.
So drop the wall issue and other wasted govt spending and help TX. Threatening a shutdown??  Get real!!
Liar!!!!
So where time happenessss North Korea War- tell me right now
DIOS BENDIGA MI PRECIDENTE
Not exactly flash flooding.  No gullies or narrow river beds in Houston.  #LearnYourTerms.
Great job to all
Obviously you have taken advice and kept out of all the emergency planning. Things should go well. Next big decision, when to resign.
I just heard two thousand people were rescued from the flood waters in Texas they must have stopped since yesterday
Good leadership = great results. Ty President Trump.
Great read in the "Amazon" Washington Post. Check it out.
#jail antifa
If you hadn't run out of characters, I'm sure there would be a
 #winning
at the end of this.
I'm pretty sure Charlie Sheen OD'd and was reincarnated as "president" @realDonaldTrump
Beg Forgiveness from God and Do Justice , respect Humanity
It'd b better if these ACTUALLY CAME FRM #IDIOTDICTATOR...  BUT ALAS HE DOESN'T GIVE A SHIT...

THERE'S...
NO GLOATING
NO SELF AGRADIZING
fake news, where do we learn the truth in your world?
Don't you think this crazy weather was caused by North Koreans keep shooting Rockets to the Pacific Ocean?
While you'er at camp David,
