Sir, a message from Jupiter on-line.
Mission Accomplished.
We have secured the reputation of John McCain.
Proceed with caution. Thank you Mr President.
#TaxThe1%
That is the case in S'pore. Foreigners (frm 3rd world country like India) getting citizenship & free loading on resources (meant for local).
#WorstPresidentEver
what's sad is "YOU" ......
McCain is a traitor and lacks patriotism. It's shameful how he sold out to evil democrats. He is helping democrats to destroy God's own USA.
John McCain is a REAL MAN. Not a Phony Like YOU!!!  I recently joined the ranks of those with a Preexisting Condition (Throat Cancer)....
John McCain doesn’t have cancer 

He will be locked up soon.  He is knee deep in the Uranium 1 scandal.  I will leap with joy when he’s arrested and locked up for good.

He’s a traitor to this country.

I guess  John doesn't need to worry about the "lil folks"  since he doesn't have to use this crapcare for his cancer. Pathetic
My self employed son's premium went from 457.00 in 2016 to 1100.00 with 6000.00 deductible..with high out of pocket costs.  Shameful
I often see foreigners queuing for food & hand outs in Singapore meant for the locals and needy. This is total abuse of our kindness.
Granting them a citizenship is a privilege to these Aliens. And now we've got to take care of them too?
No government has the obligation to take care of new citizens.Why does rich foreigners or middle class get to enjoy the perks of Obama care?
#UniversalHealthCare
Sure sounds like lawyer speak. Good thing I have the ACA, not stupid ObamaCare!
Arizona now only has ONE provider, thanks to you and the GOP! Insurance companies HATE uncertainty!
McLame being McLame. He is still mad about losing in 2008 so, he taking it out on the country.
And he will never forgive or forget that Trump said he's no hero.  lol
You find humor in Trump saying John McCain who spent 5 1/2 years as a POW in the Vietnam War was NOT a hero because he was a POW?
Dotard Trump has been sabotaging Obamacare for months to make it fail. He cares nothing about people...just wants a win. #sociopath #VOTENO
I like your dedication to get blocked!
One of these days he’s gonna see this shit!
Ppl were sold a bill of goods when you along w/ your daughter & son in law, your  swamp monsters and gang of Russian operatives moved to WH.
@realDonaldTrump I hear there's a private plane ready to head out to  PUERTO RICO!! Don't you think it's time? No golf.
As YOU sold your supporters a bill of goods. Even sadder!  You've done nothing for all those folks. Resign, Buffoon!
Trump please get rid of Obamacare
But NEVER blame the for profit insurance companies.   UnitedHealth celebrated revenues totalling $46.5 billion, Aetna, over $60.3 billion,
@iainodee
No Mr President. McCain’s vanity, pettiness  and self-absorption prevents him from supporting your agenda, consequences be damned.
And you sold nothing. The art of the deal has proven to be useless. U couldn't sell ice in hell without adding $M in pork barrel spending.
Biggest problem with Washington is the influence of BIG MONEY DONORS #MAGA #Repeal&Replace #TAXREFORM
Wait until he comes up for reelection. He's finished.
Corrupt @SenJohnMcCain is so bitter and angry about aka being the Canary in Vietnam>getting paid by @Georgesoros  to work with @SenSchumer
McCain works for him
PA is just as bad. Getting physicals this month. Cause come next sign up-no way can I afford 1800/mth so losers can get it for free. Nope
Congress & Senate should have ACA see how fast  they find great  health care 4 people.
What's sad is that you are posturing for a steaming pile of a bill
The only thing thats #sad is your #face #loserinchief
I think Soros paid him off.
Repeal ACA and get government out of the medical insurance business
what exactly is 116% increase why not say that premiums cost more than your mortgage or your monthly budget and still no deductible met
.  Then fix it!  It is much better than your proposal

By "bill of goods" I guess you mean he got him to believe in reality...
Stop sabotaging it.
Go after insurance companies
Thanks for supporting #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018
John McCain needs to retire!  He is damaging his own party!
What voters could  do  recall sick old  ineffective swisted  senator ,?
You sold (some) American people that you could be a leader. Horrific
Because of you
John and Chuck both need to retire!
Red states went up, blue went down. I wonder why? P.S. it was the accepting or not of federal subsidies.
McCain is no longer mentally competent. AZ, please take him home. RECALL.
@ 42k per yr hub's city employee insurance ded if we both go to hospital for care ovr $15k makes his $37k help AZ insured it's a $$ disaster
McCain is a traitor he screwed his fellow POWs his sick wife his party and Country when they needed him most! He's a POS!
Pls continue to fight for AZ yes our ded on ins is crazy $7650 per individual on city gov't insurance my hubs is a city worker $42k a year
I don't want Obama care for life
Your plan another big FAIL, just quit and leave
No sad is the health  care reform of this country. Singles  payer like the rest of the free world.
You keep telling everyone to honor our flag and military while simultaneously disrespecting John McCain. Respect our veterans you hypocrite.
Thank you Mr. President for at least trying to help us. Arizona, repeal and replace McCain next year
My deductible went from $3000 before hussein obama to now being $13,600. Now I can’t afford to go to the doctor. Repeal and replace please
Grrrr....
Cant's stop shaking my head in disbelief.  What a looser... JM
Congress and Senate should have Obamacare
When will congress and the Senate have Obamacare
And what was the rate BEFORE you started cooking the books?  You just hate McCain because  he has stated that you are a total asshole.


Our company healthcare pulled prescription care and raised deductibles The citizens don't know what to do. Mandatory for nothing?
So fix the problems and quit whining about everyone else.  You should step up and get something done, finally.
Hi
Mr President John McCain God Bless Him is an idiot! #WakeUpArizona #DrainTheSwamp
No increase for me or everyone i know here on AZ lying you guys. What do you think that means about his so called fake news? Not so fake
McCain is a fake. Oust Johnny boy from office!
GOP messes w/facts & figures ... u especially send out "fake facts"
You are the sad one you complete idiot. When will you just shut the fuck up?!
And what's your plan? Helping us or picking twitter fights? THAT is sad. Priorities you loon.
Another Lie!! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!LOCK HIM UP! Fake President
Send help to Puerto Rico! They are Americans too! #TrumpResign
Common sense repeal obamafail first with 15 month deadline before health coverage expires, force swamp to fix or face voters wrath
Then figure out something that is better!!!  #stopdividingus
Potus do your JOB & reverse oboma's executive order making Senate and Congress not on oboma care, maybe then they'll fix this shitty policy
McCain doesn't care he is rich and we the people take care of his medical.
This is a LIE.  My premiums did not increase 116 percent.  What is wrong with you!!!
This statistic fails states that it w/out gov subsidies, which 80% of people in Arizona received. So premium increase w/ = 0% Stay informed!
@JTHEKINGGG
Schumer is a communist.
Smoking costs $2000.00 / yr even 1 cig but there is 7 free unlimited soda dispensers and a cafe serving onion rings and fried chicken  
because of uncertainty created by YOU#LOCK Him Up
O'Care saved my life
Yes agree with POTUS so the people of Arizona keep electing this establishment McCain so they get what they deserve. Sorry good folks of AZ
NFL owners and coaches are like homeowners who just had a bar and a strip joint built right across the street. They'll never sell em ha haha
Can you please make Congress use Obama care only then will it get fixed or replaced
Your face is sad
Send john McCain in to explain it to the people of Arizona
Trumpcare would cost more and insure fewer for a lower quality of care. So,how is your plan better?
I have to disagree. McCain didn't read the bill either. I think those est. GOP McCain, Ryan are profiting somewhere in that whole scheme.
We need a real conservative in Arizona.
@SenMcCain is pouting and holding a grudge because you hurt his feelings and won't apologize. Meanwhile AZ suffers. Selfish
You did this to Arizonans DJT. You are 100% to blame.
Oh wait, I'm 100% sure you're lying. Argh, fell for it again.
@DineshDSouza McCain makes his own decisions.  He hates Trump. Not going to heaven John.
Only because you have done everything you could to sabotage the ACA. You will never build a legacy as Pres if all you do is anti-Obama.
No very great healthcare, greatest ever with low cost and very low deductibles. This bill does not do what you said.
McCain is a treasonist sell out to his nation
Aren't they gang of eight buddies? Surprised?
Lies, lies, and more lies!
You are a deal maker fix it or you 
Because Little Marco removed the risk corriders
No one cares
What is VERY SAD is that YOU expect GOPers to sell their souls, on #INHUMANE bills, for YOUR WIN! Makes YOU #Unfit4POTUS reason #21!
OK, then FIX it -w Alexander-Murray bipartisan quick fix ACA NOW -NOT Graham-Cassidy cop-out giving $$s & probs to states! People suffering!
MCCain is a TRAITOR
You know McCain would find any excuse to do the opposite of what @realDonaldTrump wants. McCain's only loyalty is to his beloved swamp.
McLiar doesn't care about his people.
McCain is a traitor your correct McCain murdered 330 sailors Vietnam era prosecute for crimes no limit for murder
John McCain simply showed his true colors. Knows his time is short. Will continue to screw Arizona and America
Let's see McCain put his health where his mouth is drop government insurance and go on Obamacare
The first years always high as people get caught up
You don't know what you are talking about...not smart
Put Congress on the same insurance that they put me on
Get insurance companies out of the middle. Medicare for all!!! Single Payer.
#WhatAboutPuertoRico?
The ACA has brought insurance to 20 mil. It can be FIXED! Don't repeal. Fix!
Blah blah blah
Jimmy Kimmel: Senator Bill Cassidy “Got Caught With His GOPenis Out” In Obamacare Replace Bill.
I am smarter than you 'politicians'.  I know what is killing our economy.  I need to get into politics or in the media and tell the truth.
With the latest doctor's diagnosis, it looks like the AZ governor will B forced 2 appoint a successor soon. Only God knows.
No, actually, you’re sad. Everything you do and say is sad. Sad little person.
Have you trademarked "sad" yet? Small word for small minds. Schumer didn't lie to McCain. McCain can read how crappy the bill is for himself
how many more people have insurance in arizona?
McCain is an a$$
We have seen our premiums quadruple since ACA. Illinois - please don't let them go up anymore!
You are trying to undo what obama has done for this country...now that is hate and got all these people believing in your craziness...
You are SO sad!  Maybe 12% of the population still believes you, but the rst of us can see RIGHT THROUGH YOU! #PutinsPuppet #ticktock
#PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico
Girl, please. Shits dead. Get over it.
You probably haven't even read their proposal!
#PuertoRicoRelief
Take out more $ for pre-existing conditions and it will pass. Trust me it will pass with flying colors
Fake news
YOU sell 30% of Americans a bill of goods every day! You will never ever be half the man John McCain is. Senator McCain is protecting people
They'll drop it like a hot potato if you get rid of the tax penalty on Obama care for not having insurance
I had insurance premiums jump way more than that before ACA.. If you hate insurance companies so much, then #singlepayer !
McPAIN is NOT my senator for he'll NEVER get another one of MY AZ votes! Same goes for that OTHER flaky AZ senator
Go Dr. Kelli!
If they want to keep Obama care keep it just drop that IRS tax penalty for not having insurance and we'll see how many people drop Ocare
#BarrySoetoroCare
McCain is the most idiotic senator that we have. He hates the taxpayers and will vote against tax cuts. He needs to be barred from senate.
Suggesting that they wouldn't be higher under your plan.
Few believe you n your tweets.
GOP POLITICAL SUICDE, THEY KEEP VOTING AGAINST HEALTHCARE, THEY DON'T EVEN TELL YOU REASON WHY THEY VOTE NO.  THEY HAVE THEIR OWN AGENDA
