Denuclearization of countries that have used them and threaten to use them again preemptively
GREAT PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES HELP NIGERIANS
Don't forget to deal with Nigeria president Muhammad Buhari who want islamize Nigeria. And remember we Biafra is with you
God bless you president Trump
Good stop the madness man.
Most of those residing in Japan fully support this executive order although not sure if Koreans in Japan do so
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/910926223684931585 … #noko
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo. 
ABSOLUTELY MR PRESIDENT
Start with Israel the only real threat to humanity
You're a very foolish man to believe that hogwash you just spewed!
Condemnation without investigation is the height of ignorance. - Einstein
PKK-PYD-YPG is terror organisation. You can be our allie since you are supporting this terror organisation. 
Trump supporters = Pile of trailer trash hicktards.
Bullshit. They doing shit that u don’t even know about
Really????... and I suppose threatening war is the best way to do that?
I would totally ignore the little troll. It will drive him nuts
Đánh bỏ mẹ thằng KimUL đi bác Trump, tiện thể đập chết thằng Tập Cận Bình hộ Vietnam với. Thanks.
And what desnuclearization EEUU
We are all with you Sir, get it done, 25 years way to long.
I think if you leave him alone and stop bothering him with threats and nicknames he will back off too stop trying to make a war with him 
Yuriko Koike, Gov.of Tokyo, said, "InshAllah", in TV on 25 Sep.2017!
https://video.fc2.com/content/20171001N3US7pkL …
She seems a Muslima!

Pres. Trump. Lets choose cable stations ala carte so we're not forced to pay for CNN and other fake news stations were forced to in a bundle
Mr. Trump we should be able to choose our new stations
Mr. Trump.. do something about the FCC. let's regulate cable companies that Force us to get stations we don't want like CNN.
Finally someone to stand up to the bullies.
#WorstPresidentEver
"Or we will nuke you."
First USA Should reduce and then show to others to follow. Those who living in glass house should not throw stone at others
China AND RUSSIA will take care of him. Get over yourself!
Please Mr the President : Sign the treaty to ban all the nuclear bombs !! Korean PM i hope he will not do the shame action !
DeNuke the US, thats the country the world fears most. Who cares about little Rocket Man when Big Rocket Man has so many toys. Both crazy
You are MY PRESIDENT!
Ya we are all trying to figure out how to accomplish something positive and circumvent you
7,000.000 pictures and nobody moved ?  how annoying is that !!!  Could barely hear what you were saying with those stupid photographers.
How about #unilateral ?
A stupid waste of time. Trump will be issuing executive orders when the first North Korean ICBM lands in California.
Where I think that sanctions and limitations given to NK is appropriate, calling him a "little rocket man" was not. #CCBCPOLS101
Why always leave out North Korea’s IF in IF the U.S. attacks we will nuke the U.S.? You attacking them would make them do what you fear.
God bless you president Trump
you have in Guantanamo people looking less fresh than the prisoner poor young man whose parents i feel for, this is your WAYS,
wise stop it
wise knows that it is however a kinder garden trouble usually, so talking better is in order, being scared and ready are different concepts,
calling someone a terrorist when your child has been taken away, of course he could scream he wants to kill, but you sir, to call another,
with something unfortunately many can be called upon is not a good thing for evolution that i am evaluating, my philosophy is rising it;
none asked me
none pays me
i just know, you should know
i live miserably poor because some ugly nasty i took care of knows
they are toast
still going for it
in case i am intuitively correct
they thought i was toast and did not care to have gotten rid of me
now hello sunshines
Mr President; Add another tool in the NOKO tool kit. Reinstate the DRAFT!
Strike the nail when iron is hot. 

Strike China who is the behind nature.
How about getting some real, significant legislation passed?  You don't even have enough GOP support for your porrly defined tax code.
FAKE NEWS
????????????????????????????????????????!
Christina,NumNutz was Odummer.Worse President Ever
Prz Moon &his people S.Kor  try so hard to save KimJungEun. We need get rid of these spies of North.  They're  destorying S. Kor very fast.
hmmm how much do u stand to make off of a dick measuring contest with North Korea ?
Donnie hold on a goddamn minute...
I can't hear a Fkn word with all those assholes taking pictures like there're at a Fkn peep show WTFF
How bout just save the innocent brainwashed people
Mr president, north Korea's action is a borderline of irresponsibility and pure dictatorial polarized evil. I believed in regime change, ACT
Are the rest of the countries in th world being denuclearized? Because it kind of defeats the purpose if not
We Hate You WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You
This is very bad news. If President Trump order to attack North Korea, other countries won't support it but Russia , China and Vietnam.
Oh....and you are poster child for peace??  You under estimate the Eastern mind.  Show of force??? Stirring & instigating!!
Absolutely, people. We need to support President Trump  in settling all of this before someone like Un decides to take out our power grid.
Change Obama's executive order allowing the Red Cross to steal from Harvey Victims! https://youtu.be/GfiFvFKNt3Y  This Corruption must end! Swamp

Considering how the NFL is being dealt with, it's safe to say that our President is not much of a peacemaker. My way or else.
As a sane man,leading a great democracy,please show restraint.On The Beach,by Nevil Shute is timely.
Stop threatening NK you are only escalating the situation. As a president you are supposed to find a diplomatic solution be an adult
AND as NOKO sends Rockets to Our Country and Allies, you think KIM is kidding! This has been going on for 35 yrs! It's time to STAND & not $
That's right this is what we need
So says a White Imperialist agenda: I'm White, your insane, so only I can have nukes, even the Confederacy wasn't as obscene!

You’re not going to fix anything. You’re only making it worse
Another executive order??  How about getting some real legislation passed that benefots the American people?
Dotard
Stand strong President Trump we are behind you !
The Civil war act was violated when states was forced oboma was fired. States voted and was overturned this is forcing. Yes he can be fired
READ.
Wait a little while.it is not yet time for war with north Korea.
I Hope it'll be possible. Kim menace already. What will.happen if he is nuclear?
REBUILD AMERICA AFTER TRUMP = RAAT!
Dear president Trump,

can we send food and internet to the North Korean people?
Little hands
Trump looks like a barking dog that blows blood pressure.
Your TRUMP card is shooting down No Korea's satellites that R flying over USA!!
Pres Trump.....PLEASE shoot down 2 satellites No Korea has flying over our country BEFORE they disable our elec grid!!!
Kim young pun the Lider
Please quit that sheet n get to work, Puerto Rico is in need
We need to denuclearize Trump next
Stop poking the bear trump please
I wish you were announcing your departure.
Whoo Hoo! 'Bout time "rocket man" got his jets cooled!

you are the best,mr Trump,i support you,don't give up
Sir, it is time to actively engage/form partnership with South Korea & China to find a peaceful viable solution to North Korea #peaceworks
EOs are not the way to legislate except for someone who can't get anything passed, right?
Really? An executive order? Now they'll listen. Bye Don.
Strategic staging US anti-ICBM weapons in places as ROK, Okinawa, HI, Japan, etc would end the threat w/ a "it flys it dies" ROE--C2 Expert
Your executive orders can be used to clean your Dump. They mean strictly nothing. You have done nothing disgraceful character
You can't even pronounce denuclearization.
Don't take action
I love you for this Trump, after turning off all the nukes next step is fixing the O zone by allowing people to smoke and grow marijuana.
.
Several of NKorean missile launch times & distances divided by 12 point to 8 and 4 on clock. Like 4 seconds, 20 miles, 700 km, 40 minutes.
How will enforce this oh monster in shief?
The American Atomic Genocide in Hiroshima and Nagasaki that killed about 250000 lives of victims.
Obama was all class Trump is all TRASH!
Donald J. Trump does NOT speak for the American people! We want PEACE
NoKo = No Cajones!!
MY GOD LOOK AT THE UGLY FACE OF THE PRESIDENT.. WHO THE FUCK WOULD WANNA SEE THIS ASS CLOWN.. HIS ASS SHOULD BE IN FEDERAL PRISON!!!
#UBUM
Reckless & hostile talk to No. Korea.! U r putting the world at risk. Diplomacy! Quit acting like a bratty 10 year old. Man up, get smart!
Nukes should be used to take out serious target from other than humanity. So don't go n use these weapons like a videogame.Were not a remote
Nukes would kill all of us. So before you go and decide to build a nuke to sleep with,be aware making them is not intended for human.forealz
I don't care where they make they're nuclear toys,just don't fucking bring it here . The bible says the world will end with a big redflash.
Do you even know what denuclearization means? Did your staff spell that for you?
#What is the relationship between CHAD and terrorists
#What is the relationship between CHAD and terrorists???
Globally Denucularized I feel would be the a goal! Dayle J. Moyer 2nd
I wish we all denuclarized all the world,because to dangerous I feel to life here and abroad.... The Sun Earth and Moon And Planets?
Terrorist: a person who uses unlawful violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.
Share:)
"We must all do our part?" To whom are you speaking? If it's "us," what exactly is our "part?" I think I have to wash my hair that night.
You and the world should save and help Rohingya plz
Is the Central Banking System in N. Korea? The Ultra rich run the world with the banks globally, stop them who finance both sides of wars
"Significant" could be abused by those who helped Hitler's rise to power, US Corporations helped him, then sued US on bombed factories there
President, make decision as quick as possible, you can't rely on China to solve the North Korea problem. It's China support them.

PLEASE SHUT UP
I hope my family doesn't die in what your war of words has provoked them into WWlll?! #makeadeal
if USA have three times North Korea nuclear weapons and want denuclearise so bad,with due respect start dismantling yours to show peace.
Surely a NK missile sent over, or in Japan's airspace, is more of a declaration of war than U.S. planes near N.K's airspace U.N must confer.
Hey avoid that please....it is not the best means for conflict resolution
Treat Korea as Russia you not dare touch Russia so now SALT talks. salt 5 Korea and China and USA and Canada
Denuclearization is not war SALT was denuclearization Trump hot head no. Talk no hand waving. Yvette Anne Marion handfield
Not declared war.  Trump civilian servants become military when real war. You get to take houses. National defense university security schoo
Another fool who doesn't understand the concept of delegating authority...
You are going to start a war just as I predicted.
Shock & awe requied against north Korea before its 2 late multiple missile  strike on every missile site, hq ,communication & comand sites
Love your dedication to reshape and heal our country. Stay strong, we are all with you.
North Korea is a loose cannon with a guidance system.
Propose that the Donald and Kim Jong Un meet in a WWE wrestling pit. The loser must wear the other's hairstyle for the next 3 1/2 years.
Oh for the imagination of a man
Pres.of North Korea, most people donot Agree or condone that D Trump is even our Pres.!! He does not speak for our country! Only to his ego
Lmfao the way he says China
Big wooped de doo, can you please tweet about something to help hurricane victims.
#DoSomethingAboutPuertoRicoYouSonOfABitch

And probably a good time to put nuclear arms out of DJT's reach.
You have already declared war on them and they are planning to kill us bc of you! Not "we," just you, the sickest human being in history.
Yes , We support you to do that , make American great again
Downald trump I'm going to ur hotel with ppl cuz me dad said u have a hotel in canda British Columbia in down town :P
@PressSec rule By executive order - heart warming
On ne veut pas de cette guerre merci de prendre vos responsabilités !
Oh god, put away your missiles.  are you really going to do this?
A Measured Response
ANOTHER PHONY HYPOCRITE OF A NEO CON BIG GOVT RHETORIC,  WHO INSULTED & CRITICIZED OBAMA, BUT COWERS AT N KOREA. LOL
You. Are. An. Hypocritical.

What if you denuclearize U.S. First? Oh!, that way you'll lose all your "control", right?
