Hope you're having a great time @POTUS !
It's 'Melania and me '. #sloppy
I'm sure you were the Bain of all present
Trump look like he's farting
Thank you
Yah we all saw what happened to you, everyone knows the leaders of the free world see you for the joke you are.
If you were smart, which you're not, you'd stay overseas. Once you're home the focus will be back on #TrumpRussia. Kush will flip 1st!
#IdiotPresident 

The dumbass has impressed his cult members with a toddlers display of power... #MAGA lol
God bless
How many people did you push out of the way to be in front?
Gee most of the women pictured here have larger hands than you.
They also loved that Obo's wife too a two Mil vacation to France. How many assistance did she have? It was 27 & she took them all.
Did you push yourself to the front there too?
Who did you push out of your way in this picture?
Looks like Merkel & Trudeau chose to be as far away from you as possible!
Like the President cares Roland.


Nice to screw the American people ... so much maga.
Thank You for being a caring president!
What a great trip! Congratulations on everything you've accomplished!
McConnell and Ryan are planning like singing like canaries if they get caught. What do they know that the feds don't know yet?
Hey you #illiterate #moron: There is no "myself" in this sentence. Standard English grammar is "On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and me..."
In such a short time, Trump has made the US a laughing stock and no longer the true leader of the free world.  Impeach.
Yo why was your son in law committing treason bruh

National embarrassment.

Got yourself front and centre there Donald. How many people did you push out of the way to get there?
Thank you both for representing US abroad! Awesome job-We're baaaack.
On behalf of America, I would just like to say that you are a strange, strange man & an embarrassment to our country.
You needing to be front and centre for everything is a microcosm of the USA. Arrogant and ignorant (@williamlegate excluded)
The best part for them was when you left. 
Nice!
@FLOTUS and @POTUS looking great! You are the only hope for America and most of the civilized world!
Keep fighting @realDonaldTrump 

America has your back 

#MAGA
speak for yourself we know ur Russian
I'm sure it was sweet.
@POTUS @FLOTUS Outstanding photo of courageous people.
God bless you Mr. President, and First Lady
The average American family-- with a yearly household income of $55,000--wishes to thanks @FLOTUS for wearing at jacket that costs $51,000.
And looks damn good in it!! Beats Michael OBummer all to hell doesn't it?? LOL
I found the display of wealth nauseating.
Then you should check out Killary's suits she wore during the campaign. #outrageousmoney #fuggly
Can't argue on the taste issue. But $52,000 jacket? Don't think so.
The earned their income so they deserve it.
They earned their income by selling cheap, foreign made products at an inflated price to American consumers. They played this country.

Hay Don why did you knock that guy out the way .. not cool
President Trump needs his personal space to lead from the front. Get used to it! #news
Not cool was arrogant
He's big, and tall!
No excuse for pushing people about he's not that big and tall ... except maybe in his own mind.. am big and tall I don't push people about
He leads from the front.
Maybe He should be shoulder to shoulder .. rather than pushing him self to the front learn a bit of humility
Thanks for your perspective.
You do realise they’re all laughing at you behind your back though??
You do realize* they're not though right? I
In British English, we spell realise with an "S" - I'm sorry if that confuses you.
Didn't really confuse me just wanted to let you know us Americans spell it that way, since we're talking about our American president.
We also spell "massive cunt" with 2 Ss and a C, just for reference for future Tweets.
Why did u have to get nasty??
i didn't think he was nasty, I thought he was right on target!
Well then, you are nasty too!!
Did you get two scoops of ice cream when the other leaders got one?
No Tony he got the whole carton just to piss you librals off!! Why does it matter he's a grown man he can eat what he wants too.
*liberals

#smrt
Liberals libturds libtards losers all start with an L.
Trump says he likes his supporters ignorant. And you Jimmy ae not disappointing him!
Check out that spelling what is ae sassy LMAO!
Sassy: Jimmy where did you go?

Jimmy: hang on I have to look up a meme because I don't have a legitimate argument.
Did you see your spelling sassy LMAO!!
If @flotus had any respect for herself she would do something about your "affair" with a "porn star"
You are such a boss @POTUS You make our nation proud! #POTUSAbroad
No dear that would be your appalling immigration program of open borders. How many more of your children will you sacrifice on the PC altar?
The libs will sacrifice their children if it gains them  power.
Yeah, securing our borders, strengthening our military, deporting MS-13 gang members is destroying our country...
Hasn't done any of that.
The only ones trying to destroy America at this point is the libNazis and their sheep.
President Trump and Melania have brought class and graciousness back to White House!

America proud to be represented by them!

#MAGA Baby!
FAKE TWEET PROVIDED BY RUSSIA - Thank you, Comrade
FAKE RESPONSE PROVIDED BY SOROS PAID FAKE TROLL ACCOUNT!
Laughing stock of the world
 nice try #fakenews
There's video too. 
Yep, and it's clear to anyone not suffering from #TDS #TrumpDerangementSyndrome that no one is laughing at him. #resist #TheResistance
How the hell are you going to afford your hallucinogenic, when Trumpcare kicks in?
1. Not sure what you mean by hallucinogenic, but I'll excuse it to #fakenews.
2. I am gainfully employed.  
3. White, male privelage.
Might want to learn how to spell that word before you use it.
I don't have to know how to spell.  I am a white male, hence I have pivelahagdh. 

Get a better argument that "wahh your spelling!"
Is this what the in crowd looks like?
Find someone that looks like you like the President of Croatia looks at Donald Trump. #FlashbackFriday #TRUMP
We are very proud of our First Lady, great host.
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella.… htt...
Who's the nerd on the right?
He always seems to be on the fringe in these pictures. Does not bode well for Canada on the world stage.
That's why he needs cardboard cutouts and stupid socks.
Where's all that stamina? Thought you had the best health?
http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-golf-cart-g7-sicily-2017-5 …
#resist #Theresistance
#ImpeachTrumpNow
See how Trudeau stands at the end? Try being that guy sometime.
He's a wussie
Looks like the French President Macron just made Donald Trump his bitch!
Keep dreaming
Dreaming? Did you not see the video where Trump tries to let go twice but couldn't? Trump got owned!! World is laughing AT him!
What lala land do you reside in that hand shake is getting owned? French need us more than we need them. You mad cause he isn't owned?
And for the record, I live in the greatest country in the world.....Canada!
Yea that's why your opinion is moot here
Melania wants nothing to do with you, we are starting to like HER!
You're an embarrassment to this country.
How many times Did Melania have to slap your oh so tiny hands? #GoPlayGolf
Ugh vomit
This is not where you thank heads of governments
Thank you for not buying freinds with our tax dollars
This picture shows how this pussie grabber only cares about himself, he blocked out a woman behind him and don't even care
You are such an embarrassment
#Melania seems like a #firstDaughter while #Ivanka as a #FirstLady. Melania speech was manipulated by you to make her less because of Slavs.
Example for you of how a real President conducts themselves at G7:
Did you push your way to the front?
i6nn
what image is your wife going for because all I see is a ball of sparkling zero modesty
Vos cul 
Sir,why did you push someone to be in front, which was rude. Why do you feel you must be front and center? US is not big deal to them now!
Can someone tell me how trump and Melania ended up in the front of this picture?  How many people did they need to shove out of the way.
All you on my cock
Who'd you push out of the way to get in front?
I doubt you will make it through one term. You are just not smart enough and a man who won't release his taxes is hiding a lot. U R TOAST.
BECAUSE THESE PPL HAVE RESPECT ENOUGH FOR THEMSELVES NOT TO INSULT OR TREAT YOU WTH DISRESPECT LIKE YOU DO THEM.
ارقه رئيس دوله تحياتي لك
I adore Trump,God bless you
How many people did you have to shove aside, to get to the front of the picture. Poor "justin from Canada" got pushed to the far right.
Who did you push out of the way to get in the front of the picture?
Look at how I pushed my way into the front of this picture! I'm special oh so special. What a total nut job! Unfit to be POTUS! Article 25!
Melania is EVERYTHING an American First Lady should be, her intelligence and grace should set the standard for ALL First Ladies to come
you're despised here and abroad.
Fat cunt!
You made America proud POTUS and FLOTUS!! Tjank you so much!!!
You're the man Donald!!!
@POTUS @FLOTUS you really really suck
How many people did you have to shove out of the way to get right up there in front?
You are the enemy @FLOTUS
Who did he shove out of the way for this photo op.?
You realize that she despises you.
Melania doesn't like U very much, does she? It's obvious. It's also obvious why. You treat her like shit in public! Worse in private, I bet!
I love him, Bravo trump
I have never in my entire adult life scene a party act so childish. Grow up Democrats! They worst sore lossers.
No one wanted to be near u! Embarrassment!
push your way to get in the front of this pic too?
Remember that time you referred to PM Justin Trudeau as "Justin from Canada", like he was "Jenny from the Block" or something? #EmbarassedUS
Fun fact no. 4 .... @Simon_Bravery is delusional
And thanks for letting me stand right in the centre of the first row!
Did you get Madonna's old castoff second-hand dress at Value Village?

He's still on the outside looking in, lmao, @georgesoros strings to the puppet would get tangled up with the other manipulated puppets
On the floor, where your name is taped, did you actually recognize it or did someone read it to you? Or did you simply recognize, "USA?"
Did you shove anyone out of the way during your charge to the plate? #DumpTrump
Thank you
LOOK AT TRUMPETS DRESS PANTS:UNTIDY WRINKLED AND STINK!
Melania hates you.
Did your wife show them her tits?
Don't tell it to his face or anything...
Sorry no one wanted to hold your #hand Donny! #handgate #trumpslap #MelaniaTrump #HandsOff #TrumpPope #TrumpLeaks #Impeach45 #MAGA
You need treatment for Altzheimers.
Pop Quiz! -  Whom did you block out in this photograph? ANY idea? 

YOUR international affairs skills?
مسائكم سعيدجميعآ
Angela looks amazing!!!
Hahah she doesn't want to bang u any more.
Was up trump your wife is very pretty @realDonaldTrump
Why are you the only one covering your junk with your hands?
I am so proud of my President and First Lady. God Bless you both.
We are proud of you President Trump! Haters will be unhappy haters!
Welcome home, MR. PRESIDENT!
Donald nie musi podnosić kciukow. Hehe
#FakePOTUS what an embarrassment to us all!
How many did you push down to get up front, Donnie? Bad boy.
While Rome burns, enjoy your dinner. Does @IvankaTrump go to jail if @jaredkushner is convicted? The whole family can be together! #russia
Notice how she is coming up to the man to her left instead of her husband, if that is not a clue how much of a man you are.
You are tall!  You look noble and dignified next to those EU left wing Islamist scum and enemies.  I know you are playing them though. 
Booooooo
Where is Theresa May? Did you shove her out?
God bless you President Donald Trump
Ironic that President DuhTrump is center stage in photo yet didn't commit to most important topics covered, such a useless and dangerous POS
And in the coming days you would cease to satisfy your plastic wife (although I believe You do not satisfy her for a long time.)
Husband and so called wife look so fake together
How many presidents did you have to shove to get in the picture....egocentric schmuck!
My
Great Job Great Trip GO USA

great trip! America is proud!
No more refugees!!! They say u are doubling amount coming in. No no!!
The Japanese president look like a dog
All these photos I keep seeing you guys share, shows BIG BIG things, are happening.  Talk about, "Big League."  My goodness!
Did you push anyone to get that place in the photo?
You realize Melania has no love for you and neither do the rest of us
So how come she looks so sad when looking at you
Who is the asshole in front?
Love how you literally pushed your way to the front of the crowd nearly knocking people over so you could get to the front. Real class!
Did you feed him steak and ketchup and a beautiful@piece of chocolate cake & two scoops of ice cream? Diplomatic
Mister President, you are the most powerful in the world ! Please don't be cupid, please show us you are a very great Man. save the planet !
Were you enjoying when Malenia refused holding your hand during coming down in stairs of plane?
That poor woman, yet I believe she is complicit, what goes up does come down, hope she is securing hard assets from you
That looks like a very nice crowd! Thank you for posting.
Cool pic, now go read the leading newspapers in each of the NATO countries. They're all laughing at you.
