Stop
Just...

Stop.
HRC was investigated. They looked at 10k emails of hers, it was a big "nothing burger". But 1 email frm your son & the has hit the fan. GL.
This is a non-argument and irrelevant. Whatever HRC did or didn't do has no bearing on what DT camp may have done.
I realize that worked during the campaign with the idiots that voted for you...but really???!! But whatever....keep digging.
But we are looking into it. Hence the morning twitter rages. This is vindicating HRC's campaign. That's the thing abt truth. Finds a way out
Leave Hillary outta this old man
Get her!!
One word does not a sentence make. Stop. Irony.
Red herring. I hope this whole house of cards come down soon.
Because you're the fucking president.
She said you couldn't take the heat. She was under investigation for years and they found nothing, you months and whine like a baby.
Wtg.
Dude.... she lost. Get over it.
Get over it. You won (partially). Stop whining about others and #ActPresidential
You will be Remembered in the history books as a traitor like Benedict Arnold. You brought all this on and bragged about it. Suck it up
she isn't president ...U ARE! ( still can't believe it)
I can't believe you still respond back !! #¯\_(ツ)_/¯
always....
Ok, so are you saying that because Clinton may have committed crimes that were not prosecuted, that we shouldn't prosecute you to be fair?
You realize of course that is a self admission of guilt.
Operative word is MAYHillary lost now it's on you!
HRC is not the POTUS. You are.
Only thing that you are the king of is whining. You have a real hard on for Hillary don't you?
She ever collude w a foreign govt opening herself and the country up to blackmail?  Horrible woman but not as dumb as u
There's a huuuuuuuge difference between "may have" and you HAVE gotten away with your provably criminal behavior. #ITMFA
So have the Justice Department do an investigation.  No one would think you've lost your mind, I promise.
Typical Trump..the election is over..she didn't collude and was cleared.
Why do you always bring up Hilary? You still have crush huh?
Which means.....he's not going to let her off the hook. Full investigation about to steam ahead. @JamesComeyFBI @HillaryClinton @AGLynch
SHE is not the POTUS. YOU are. Your "I know you are but what am I" defense is childish and pathetic, as are you.  #25thAmendmentNow #resist
Imagine a woman who's educated, compassionate, & driven - Must be evil since all you know are gold diggers & do-nothings. Your fam included.
You tell everyone else to "move on" but you keep obsessing about the past? HRC isn't POTUS...you are! Move on and address the here & now!
You are still tweeting?  Get off and run the country!! All you do is blame others - I feel no one is behind the wheel!!!

Mr President you can order DOJ to reopen a investigation of Hillary for prosecution. Hillary did breaks law. Must have Justice 4 All!
For God's sake just stop. Delete your Twitter account.
Put her in jail!!!!! And Obama too!!!
Mr. President, Hillary must be brought to Justice and pay for her crimes. No one is above the law. Please lock up the swamp alligators.
She needs to be investigated by independent panel and convicted.
#HillaryClinton doesn't have to get away w/anything, @jeffsessions already has enough evidence that he can call a Grand Jury & indict her.
But when will he...and is it enough to get her off streets of USA for good long time..?!
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!...
Prison for the clintons
Look what you and your cabinet trying to get away with????

Her phones were smashed after she was issued with a subpoena, which is a felony in itself.
Her aides testified in court that they did.
Normally I would engage but I can see you lack the intelligence.
I hope she doesn't get away with all her crimes. Unacceptable !
.@realDonaldTrump  stick to your own #HimThough45 story! & you still haven’t sued “ALL THE LIARS”...
Wait ~ 
#NoSalute45
#MeToo
Excuse me,YOU promised to lock her up for long long long list of crimes and treasons..surely you're not betraying your supporters-voters..?!
Why? Appoint a Supreme Court Judge to open the case since Sessons is recused.
Livin the dream , thank you Mr President Donald Trump.  You ARE. the best of the best.
"Ditto"
Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails, that were stored illegally on a private server located in her basement
    LIAR!
Why are you still crying about Hillary ? Where was that suit and tie made? Probably in Mexico
If only someone had investigated Hillary and cleared her...twice...#WorstPresidentEver
Can't prove she did it 
Yes, being near you certainly would make any decent person feel awful!!!!!!!
Why aren't the same #laws #enforced to the #government #officials and #leaders of the #UnitedStates passing them into law? #biggerquestion
You of all people talk about disgraceful u and ur family is disgraceful. God blessed America so the truth will always come ur lies revealed
Health care for poor women & children world over. Diplomacy not saber rattling. Lifetime of serving others.
I still think Hillary Clinton belongs in jail , plain and simple , but thank God you are the president ,if she won I was leaving the country
You are the freakin president of the united states.  You literally cant point a finger at anyone because ur at the top.  Man up
Well, done #ComradeTrump  You were paying attention in propaganda class.
Seriously? Hillary again. Please enough already
Omg are you five?  You are the pres. You are the disgrace
Just shut up. You are a failed, fake scandal ridden pres. No wonder you lost the popular vote by 3 million.

How many investigations has she been subjected to? How many years? How many millions of dollars spent? And nothing found? Conspiracy? Truth?

#MAGA
#ImpeachTrump
#PutinsPuppet
and look what you MAY have been, and BE, getting away with.
So why is it that Hilary Clinton is above the law? If not you who will drain the swamp?
Heh, you haven't realized it yet? DJT IS the monster living in the swamp, why the fuck would he ever drain it?
Of all the thing living in the swamp I can think of many worse than DJT. Clinton, Podesta, Shultz, Waters, McCain, Lynch!
Suuure, keep thinking that, I'll be over here sleeping in a sunbeam.

Meow!
Lets face it, you are not a leader, nor capable. Far from it. Gross.
What's disgraceful is you and your family raping mu country for your personal gain. Traitors all of you!
Clintons investigated 1992-2016, yet functioned in office. You ready for that as Pres? Can you lead in spite of all the noise?
The House Oversight Committee was too busy investigating Sid the Science Kid. What could have been more important? #fakepresident
Seems like there's a hidden reason why you might even suggest that Hillary might have won. Nightmare material biggly.
Deflection,deflection  what is your malfunction.
Worry about yourself and your failed presidency.#sad
Someone is protected and always has been...
Why isn't DOJ Jeff bringing the hammer down on her?
Never did a man who has gotten away with so much in his life whine so loudly.
no she  is not going to get away with it, Trey Gowdy is on the case and he will win
Yeah yeah yeah. Omg. Tired replay again. And again. #trump get over Hilary.

Will you stop with Hillary already. Your pathetic attempt at deflection is obvious. Get over yourself.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Republicans. Look what @realDonaldTrump is trying to get away with. Disgraceful!
Mr. Trump maybe you should start a special investigation the Democrats arealldirty give them a taste of their own medicine remember the boss
The Orange Ignoramus lies, defrauds and makes a total  of himself on the world stage.
@jeffsessions must investigate or be fired.  #LockHerUp like you promised.
Would you be willing to have Junior and Jared waterboarded to get to the bottom of the Russian issue? Mike Flynn? Waterboard? Pence?
You are a liar

Yes it is disgraceful!
#StayFocused if you can #RussiaTrumpGate
...says the POTUS who cheated to become prez, committed collusion, treason, obstruction, failed to divest, then there's the other crimes....
That's my question every day.
SO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! AND WHILE YOU ARE AT IT__FIRE SESSIONS!
Disgraceful like lying about President Obama being a US citizen for 6 years?
I agree. Lock her add up already. It is an embarrisment to America that Hilary is not in jail.
Kys
This coming from America's BIGGEST disgrace! #FRAUD #FAKEPRESIDENT #LAUGHINGSTOCKOFTHEWORLD #THEWHOLEWORLDISLAUGHINGATYOU
Hillary is a disgrace and a traitor and an evil incompetent human being to the security of the world! Her time is running out! Karma!
So true.
You Are the President
Donald, this is why people say you are not presidential!  Focus on your job and get over the election...  You won! Sheeeesh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hi president tromp
" what the hell do you have to  lose? "  TRUST that's what.
I don't  understand why the same standards are not put on Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama they both need to be locked up
So we as Americans thought you wouldn't disgrace us. Boy we're we wrong. Democrat or republican it doesn't matter. We are Americans.
Mr. President absolutely agree with you sir!
You did it to yourself and your children pal, this presidency has unearthed the real traitor Mobster you are & why you now face RICO crimes!
HIllary would have been exactly like you.
What the hell is Sessions doing?  I don't see him PROSECUTING anyone?  Give him a kick in the Ass!  What happened to DRAIN THE SWAMP?
Hilary/Bill stole tha Haitians billions of earthquake relief money. Lock them up.
Disgusting. You are such the underdog struggling against the establishment. We all love you so much, it just makes me angry that you do this
#MuellerTime
MR PRESIDENT,DEMOCRATIC MAYOR OF CHICAGO-TARGET FAM ,HE TRY FOR NAZI LESBIAN-STEAL COOP FR MY FAM !THEY SENT REMOTELY RADIATIONS TO WOM BODY

Why is it you have done all the things you claimed Hillary and other opponents have done? Why is it you care so little about the nation?
Whining*
you remind me of the villains from scooby doo with ur angsty and bitter posts
So many bots.... Displaying a mad scramble to bias any and all forms of media.
come on. You can do better than that!
Look what you're getting away with
Disgraceful !!!
You're a sad little man
You're the President.  Hillary isn't. 
Clown
Stop she's not POTUS!!!
Is Disgraceful the name of that thing that lives on your head or the name of your preferred spray tan color?
Shout down the Left with Facts and Truth.
Hillary and Obama should be in jail for all the s*** that they did
Seriously, bro? You lie when you have no reason to lie!
You do realize your logic makes absolutely no sense and somewhat implies you are "getting away" with something?
So funny you about to go down by the same means you won. Anonymous sources wonder if they are the same source

We need to hold people accountable for bad behavior.. I'm with you President Trump... God bless
Because you are the Liar in Chief. We who truly love America can't wait to see your presidency come to an end and you all go to prison

Well this is Sure to Get Under Trump's Skin!!!

RT to @RealDonaldTrump 
You are a whiny, ridiculous, "but-mom-he-did-it!" Manbaby. Leave the White House to the grown-ups and spend some time maturing!
Agree why isn't she being prosecuted? ??
Agree
Wow, this goes so far beyond calling the kettle black.
dude hillarys not even in the picture now. Stop trying to distract from your own embarrassments by dragging her back in
Please don't let her get away with it. She is working to undermine your Presidency. Lock her up please Mr. President.
Uh they are
So I think you should Identify as a woman and claim to be the first female president.
Their voice is the loud squeaky wheel. Let's hope rust sets in quickly!
So because she possibly got away with something, y'all should too?
Its always Obamas fault Hillarys fault,its their fault for your bankrupt business failed marriages and p***y grabbing ways too? #Obamafault
Trump is America's disgrace
Maybe you should ask the Russians to find the rest of your son's emails? Wouldn't that be the same standards? #Toolbox
crack down on all of them. BRING THEM TO JUSTICE. GO ON OFFENSE! SICK OF HEARING RUSSIA.@jeffsessions ISSUE INDICTMEMTS
What's disgraceful are your public displays of emotional neediness and dementia-flavored rants. You promised winning. We get lies, whinning,
.@realDonaldTrump AND Comey has repeatedly said that he NEVER reopened the Hillary email case;he just made a statement that emails had been
