- do u think she wants u to grab her pussy?
A real class act there Rosie. #smh
he grabs pussy - u know this - does he want karens 
or is he busy with hope hicks? 
#resistthisfucker
Jey that was uncalled for like Rosie or not!
Yeah uncalled for. Anything goes if you are Trump or on the right. But if you are a lib many things are off limits.
Not true. Common decency required of a President. Rosie didnt do anything to him he attacked her because he CAN i remember
Truth & Honesty will win in t end!
Truth /Honesty 2 words that DONT describe Trump
I Block Trolls & Morons.  You seem 2 B both. Change News Channels, yours either Lie 2 U or hold back t Truth.
Nothing unexpected. Only unexpected is: Russia selected you .you're not elected. Soon you will be impeached. And later locked u up....!
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Yes we are!
YES WE ALL ARE THAT LOVE OUR COUNTRY & FREEDOM FOR OUR LIVES & FAMILIES! WE THINK DimocRATS ARE NOTHING MORE THAN A SOCIALIST "HATE GROUP"
This is a huge problem. Everyone is communicating, but no one is listening. Miss Donna, I don't hate anyone.
toi tu es fou
The louder the far left Trump haters scream and pull dem party to left the more bigley the win margins!!!
#ga6 YUGE WIN
 You've been tweeting all day... why don't spend some time Presidenting  asking for a friend again  
I knew Handel was a sure winner against the "pencil neck" Assoff... jack the DEMONCRATIC lowly fallen group of idiots!
Winning!!!  #MAGA
Thank you Sir, we're proud to stand with you, can you stop that BS insultagation that Meuller is dying on ? I'm tired of spending $$ on it.
Too bad she won't help that sub-40% approval rating.
Those fake numbers come from the same people who said Ossoff would win by 7.  Come visit reality sometime, it's not scary, I promise.
Actually, it was a much smaller win than in the pre-Trump era.
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has #chosen as His own #inheritance.
Amen
So happy for her and us
*Narrow win. You're distancing your own people. Except remember when you renounced GOP & ran on a 3rd party? So who're your people exactly?
So proud! Great work! #Winning while you work.
"That's too much winning Trump please, it's just too much!!!"




Well Praise God we're still winning winning winning!!!
So that settles it.
Maybe bring her to the White House. There hasn't been a winner around in several months.
Who is "we"? She suppressed votes & won bc she's a cheat. What a hack.
Stay strong Mr President
Smell that? Its winning. I know that smell since 
She owes it all to you, @realDonaldTrump with your amazing leadership and herding the lowest denominator!
Ossoff spent 30 million dollars.

Handel just needed a tweet from Trump to win
Ossoff colluded with Hollywood and still lost. Money can't buy you everything Dems...
The giant doosh has it! We wish the turd sandwich the best, and thank em for a challenging campaign.
We're proud of you, President Trump! Never ever stop tweeting!
We aren't proud of her who admittedly doesn't support a livable wage or LGBT comm.

We ARE proud the race was so close. Blue is creeping in.
Fixed!
Thanks to you our great President , Karen Handel won the 6th.
@TrumpMiners They bet their Ossoff that we would elect an outsider but we Handeled it!

Said the devil.
He will never, ever mention her name again.
Instead of Karen Handel, she'll henceforth be known as Congresswoman Handel. 

That's what happens when you keep winning.. try it sometime.

Winning!!!
Time to get rid of Democraps.
Yea! Was praying for Georgina.
GREAT! This should tell MSM, Dems & non supporting Reps this country wants PresTRUMP as our POTUS. WE will NOT be BULLIED by antiAmericans
Unbelievable!!
Good god man shut up already. Find something to do other than tweet you un-wise orange goblin
More than anyone ever in history? 
.@realDonaldTrump - I'm Not tired of winning yet, #ThankYou for your patriotism!  #MAGA
damn yall are quick to comment lmao
To ALL elected officials: Resistance is futile, we want the #MAGA agenda
MAGA!!!

Time to Build The Wall Now!!!
Too Much Winning!!!!
It's 2016 all over again lol!!!!!
What a bunch of failures the Democrats are lol!!!!!
She barely won in district she should have swept. Fantastic job dragging the GOP down, Donald. You'll be drained with the swamp soon enough.
She should have swept??? The Atlanta area that is district 6 is the one place in the south that it should be close. You don't know anything
Well, I know a nine point loss from Trump's five months in office doesn't bode well for the GOP next year.
Dear Mr. @POTUS — You still haven't commented on the vicious terrorist attack in London this weekend. Why?
Oh-oh, don't let the hypocrisy out. There are TOO MANY incidents to count when BO was very selective on who he chose to defend. #Trump2020
People who hide are afraid.
Not sure where you're going with that one ...but I'm almost positive it's just another unnecessary jab at our awesome POTUS...tisk-tisk
You're toxic, man. Handel should have won by double digits, but the Dem closed the gap big league! Now imagine that swing nationwide. 
You are the reason R's had to spend a fortune to defend a reliably Republican seat.
By the way, your approval rating is now only 36%. You love polls. Why didn't you tweet about that one? 
It's up over 50%....according to Rasmussen.  Get with the program.
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!...


Omg. This idol God worship of trump is sick.
Not really.
Give the Martinez twins there visa
It wasn't a BIG win.  For the definition of BIG, just look at your tiny hands


I love the contrast between the I-can't-excrete pic and the happy tweet.
Buttwipe
Why don't you worry about the poor kid that got killed in North Korea
Big win = 4%? After ~30% or more since 1979? Sure. HUUGE win.
Now, GRAB HER BY THE PUSSY!!!!!
Have to celebrate other people's successes since you're failing so badly as a president (and a human being) #ImpeachTrump
Yay! So proud of someone who is against women's rights, gay rights and a livable wage! You're vile You wanted a Republican. Nothing more.
Yes, so happy for her WIN!!
That's the MAGA THEME #WINNING WINNING WINNING WE WILL WIN SO MUCH WE WONT KNOW THE MEANING OF THE WORD LOSE
YES!!!!!!!! Winning! 
Not a very big win for a blood red state!! #TellTheTruth #ImpeachTrump
Covfefe
She won the election on GOP dominated region by 3% to a man who is nearly half her age. What a victory.
Sure.  She had 5%, when the last candidate had 23% margin.  Some victory.  The time is coming for the crooked republicans to go!  2018!
So I guess our agenda and movement aren't slowing down like the media purports. #FakeNews

Charmed, I'm sure. You are slowly building your little army, only to watch it fall devastatingly fast.
winning a red state after spending millions is no accomplishment....you are still an embarrassment to america
Ga is not a stupid state..sometimes i wonder but the 6th came thru
Boooooooooooooooo... Donald Trump you are a mistake. You are probably the worst president America has chosen.
us poor old folks are not proud.  We would like a chance to live and stay healthy.
#laughing our ossoff here in Roswell, Ga!
Answered prayer AGAIN!!
Wasn't that big of win. !
No surprises to anyone.  No big claim.  Get over it
(2) turned away because they no longer live in the 6th. voters said that the news confused them
… and you're STILL under investigation for obstruction of justice! #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #Trumpgate
Very proud of her. People are sick of liberals and all their PC stuff.
You'll notice she avoided being associated with the Orange Cheeto and president bannon
Within milliseconds of POTUS post the Trolls are on parade. What a narrow twisted life they live.
I thought you claimed to be a supporter of the LGBT community. How do you square that with supporting an extremely anti-LGBT candidate?
If y'all have nothing to hide and are not ashamed of your actions show us
Bteaking: Crooked HillRod spokes....human is accusing Putin of Georgia hacking. Unfortunately, Putin hacked the country instead of da state
Trump Organization seeks hefty tax break for Westchester golf club
Won by a very narrow margin, not a big win at all!
Why do you lie Donny? Are you that naive that you think we will or could ever believe you?
she got 9% less vote than the last guy who held the seat.

I am wondering how stuff can be done with GOP and Dems stalling
Mr President, it means the Georgia appriciate your hard working to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Good Job!
We are so proud too that her voter theft via Crosscheck has stolen the votes of thousands of "not-so-white" Americans. YAY!
She distanced herself from your toxic being
I love this guy, he talks real.
I know I love that to.Hes a nice man Who Loves America.We know His Presidency is in no way a accident.
Win is begin, service is last, I believe Karen can handle well. Delicious Food:
i want to meet you
It was huge probably the biggest win I history. No other win will ever compare. That sound about right Mr Dump
Hey how about a country wide lottery to help fund some projects like college, a homeless shelter, even the wall etc
awesome！
GREAT JOB!
tiny win. tiny, tiny margin. bigger than YOUR margin, but then... you're margin is extra tiny.
God bless you trump amen
It was not BIG!
What has she done for Georgia trump nothing.
Who is we? Cause you don't speak for me or the majority of Americans. Don't forget that Handel may have won but you lost the election.
We plan to resist everything she tries to do.  We will defeat you.  We are the majority.  #DumpTrump
I'm not proud. I'm mostly ashamed the Democrats haven't learned how to fight as dirty as the republicans yet.
Awesome Mr.president
It cost $55 million to elect Karen Handel. Fantastic job!
Did your boss Putin rig Handel' s election too ?
SUBMIT YOUR TAX RETURNS WHAT ARE YOU HIDING ?
:HAA haa.. all the news people are singing the blues today...
This is a very Red district, if you were not such a rodeo clown  & scammer they wouldn't need to put so much money  Traitor #Scammer #GA06
2.5 point win in a gerrymandered district that last rep won by 21 points. I'd say that's the Rx for not so successful general election #2018
Hooray for a voice against equal rights for women, LGTBQ, minorities and anyone else her divinely-tuned mind sets her against.
Trump and Repubs are taking over America.That is a great thing.
Ditto my previous message! Do hope someone reads them!
Need 15000 can pay back 17000 in one month, great interest rate for somebody
@realDonaldTrump very close in a GOP state-should have been a landslide So not such a big victory 10 thou votesHillary got 3 mil more than U
You are doing great president trump keep working hard ..get infrastructure done build that solar wall   investigate clinton lynch rice
Did you know she doesn't support a living wage? Do you not care?
The margin of victory is getting narrower and will change in 2018 right around the corner!  Stay tuned!
Move the Dems out and let's move forward with the important issues affecting all of us. We may not like all of them but let's work together.
Repulicans are 5 for 5 on special elections. Its a referendum on who???? dems, stop the whining and do real work and stop obstructing
What a waste of $$
Small margin! Can u count!
Awesome! Hispanic, USMC, business man , Republican voter!!
YAY! America WINS AGAIN.
Yes, but it cost $15 Millon to win.
yea, proud of another bigot? Just what America doesn't need.
Yes a lot of stupid Republicans in Georgia. Feel sorry for the open-minded Democrats in that state.
I'm sure you're pleased! She fits right in with you folks. Hateful, bigoted ect.
This is HUGE!!!!!!!! All of that money California put into this campaign for Ossoff did NO good!!!
No "WE" aren't
The sore losers can say anything they want but after our big wins only two words come to mind suck it....MAGA#DTS
I think I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
Are you ok? Good or bad ? Im Veitnam combat vet 19 months In VA-164 airwing 21 US Navy bomber sqaudron US Handcock CVA-19
Handel is fine if you're for none-living wages, voter suppression and #Trumpcare. Will she rollback Lincoln's amendment too? #notmypresident
@karenhandel
