If you're an American, this should alarm you, regardless of your party.  #TrumpRussia
This gets scarier and scarier. So glad when all truth comes out so he can go back to doing a job he can do. He sure cans be Pres!!!!!
3 Years, 5 Months, 21 Days, 20 Hours, 23 Minutes, and 7 Seconds
Until my SECOND term!
In a few months or days hopefully
"A few day!"    so when are you getting rid of him? You've been. Talking about it forever now!
"Prettie shure" you are a buffoon!
I got a better idea let's repeal and replay you. Everyone will get behind that.
hahahahahahahahHhahahahahahahaha
Please bring the parties together to broker a shared vision and lasting structure for healthcare.  There is no "us" and "them", just "we".
Not until @SenJohnMcCain gets back to Washington!
Sit them in a room and don't let them out till it's all hammered out! Only way to get things done... Next year we work to get rid if RINOs
#Trumpisafailure #oldfart please go back to sleep and stop twittering
Move on from this.  YOU HAD 7 YEARS TO COME UP WITH A REPLACEMENT AND YOU STILL CAME UP EMPTY!  Move on!
Give  it  up 
Sound like a 12 year old
Have you sniffed a line off the desk in the Oval Office?
Sounds like a threat!
Yeah okay.
Put all of congress under obamer care
Show you income tax  be done tax code  too scared illegal related Russia? ??
Нет Обама отстой
I'm 100% behind you but these idiots are so jealous
+4

Leave it to you to misspell "Trump".
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit & because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
And you're what? 12?
Mr. President, I fully support you, thanks! Perhaps it would help to eliminate Congress' exemption? They'll repeal if they must live it too!
No one wants a repeal, they want a stronger ACA. Stop hanging onto this despicable repeal nonsense.
Move on Mr President. Fail at another bill!
It's dead Donald. You don't have the votes to deprive 24 million people of health care. You never will.
I wish I could believe this. He may not have the votes, but he will find a way to ram this shit thru. He's relentless & cruel beyond belief
Dude, you really don't know how government works.. Just walk away, go back to your other life.. America will be fine without you!!
The Swamp hasn't been drained yet. Let Obama care implode. People will vote out the swamp monsters. Trump family is extraordinary, HOPE ison
I don't think you understand how this works...
Agree but I think that only President Trump is dedicated to America! The republicans are total quitters and don't give a damn about America!
Rep
Dude. Pick a take. You’re all over the place.

It’s bad leadership. Makes you seems like you don’t know what you want or what to do. Weak!
Can they repeal and replace you?
OMG!!! SHUT UP!! i wish YOU would quit!
How about you obeying the law and pay the bills under the ACA and RESIGN
TRAITOR TRUMP, DOESN'T HE HAVE A RUSSIAN SANCTIONS BILL TO SIGN?  I BET VLAD DEMOTED HIM BACK TO  LAUNDERER. TOO SAD!!
we have tho wait for "maverick" to go out tho pasture
Matthew 5:9
Blessed are the #peacemakers, For they shall be called #sons of #God.
Wrong arena. Go to church.
I love the fact that whole bible is filled with hashtags
Loser!
In a time of domestic crisis, men of goodwill and generosity should be able to unite regardless of party or politics!!

Don't you have anything better to do this weekend besides ragging on your fellow republicans? Give it a rest.
So ordering an obstruction like you blame democrats for doing
The fact that you lost is REALLY eating at you, huh?

Do you know you may have committed extortion with this tweet?
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
Though it was unclear what you were referring to, this was a reference to your ability to eliminate premium-sharing for Congress and staff.
It's specifically illegal under US law for an agent of the US Government to extort.
Give it up Donald.
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Impeachment is not dead! Demand these Spineless Republicans put country over party!
We need to repeal and replace the President of the United States.
Trumpcare is Deathcare. Trumpcare is Deathcare. Trumpcare is Deathcare.
There is something wrong with a president who seems to want a healthcare system to implode and fail.
It's characteristic of a president who cares more about tax breaks for his Goldman Sachs buddies than about the lives of ordinary Americans.
Funny you say that, because he is talking about raising taxes on the richest
They can fix Obamacare right after your impeachment!
Bully dictator!
Lol
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting o...
Mueller is working on repealing and replacing YOU, as we speak.
I totally agree. When will these people in Congress do the PEOPLES business and not their own? We the PEOPLE want you to heal this Country!!
@POTUS45__ PAY NO ATTENTION TO THESE LEFT WING TRUMP HATERS THEY DON'T KNOW THE LAWS OR UNDERSTAND THE CONSTITUTION THEY ONLY KNOW FAKE NEWS
You dont try to pass anything with 17 percent approval.
What bill? Tell us what great things are in it for the American people!  Oh you don't know- that's too complicated for your simple mind.
repeal all benifits that congress gets see if they move to help
We need to vote them out! They better get on the same page as you Mr. Press.... my man
i am urging everyone to run against the congress do-nothing swampers that lied to US
You don't get it.
Stop dividing and start working as team. Just fix obamacare .  Dah
Use your executive order to stop their additional funds for every item that the tax payer pays for them they will come around to your way
After seeing how you couldnt help to get the ACA repealed OR replaced I now understand better why so many of your businesses went bankrupt..
The 'only' reason you want to 'replace' ACA IS your complete obsession  and jealousy of Obama! Your self confidence is non existent. Sad.
At some point, you must accept defeat Mr. President. The vote was cast...listen to the people.
If our citizens don't have national Healthcare. Neither should congress!
Lame duck 
Stop trying to repeal, just make needed improvements to the ACA.  It just needed more control of insurers or go to single carrier.
Draining the swamp = getting rid and replacing Republicans who don't support President Trump's agenda...no other way!!
JDT....you are simply a socialist...and flamin' Bernie lost.
Repeal and replace Trump!
I DEMAND another vote on Repeal and Replace of Obamacare, before anything else is voted on  by the RINOS in Congress. Total BUMS!!!!!
Fellas YOU HEARD THE PRESIDENT!
Select Below
are you a quitter?
get busy!!
Or
WE THE PEOPLE ARE VOTING YOU OUT 
It is dead and so are you!  Look at how many of us are disgusted with you and your freaking drama
We need an exorcist, but a nice combo of impeachment/inditement would work to!
Won't make you any less of a loser.
Where in the World is Tillerson?
By the same token,REPEAL is not dead! Demand another vote on #Repeal only, before voting on any other bill! @realDonaldTrump @McConnellPress
This is what politicians are about. All talk no action. It's all about their own agenda.
Repeal & Replace is as unpopular as you.  It and you are the worst things that could happen for so very many Americans.
This disunity must be most stressful for politicians and most of all for the public who depend on Obama Care.
How about YOU being a total quitter and RESIGN. Life will be so much easier for you, you'd be so much happier. Don't you want to be happy?

I am a Democrat- like some of your ideas. Congress should have the same care they offer American people. Want single payer.
Yes. Why do they need to be told this? They are not working hard for us. Would rather "investigate" something. Work on healthcare!
Mr Trump, you would go down in history as a great president by giving universal healthcare to hardworking Americans instead of sabotaging it
We hope this swamp monster is dead but #Trumpcare is like a zombie. Just keeps coming back.
They aren't quitters.  They just peddle terrible ideas that most do t agree with.
@POTUS you are not CEO or America. It doesn't work that way. Face it, you will never leave a legacy like #ObamaLegacy  #ImpeachTrumpPence
we hav awhile to go- U will b wrong
Reclaiming My Time!!!

He must not have earned it the honest way. Cuz if you do, NOTHING and NOBODY can take it away from you.
Some people have REAL principles they live by.
What principles? The motto is 'Be Prepared' not 'Be Stupid'. Eagle Scouts dropped bombs on innocent people in WWII. For this he?
Wow for a "good business" person you really have no clue how to take a hint. You're #unpopular give up-no one wants your crappy #TrumpCare
If Republicans would unite in a common cause, they could draft a good Health Care BILL that would pass for We the People ! Unite damn it !
Quitting is NOT, I repeat, NOT an option!!
Harassing Senators which will last longer in power than you doesn't seem that great of a strategy, bro.
Come on #Republican Senators. You can do this. Support our #POTUS agenda make the nation proud insurance bill that works for the people
President Trump grateful for what you have exposed with McConnell Ryan McCain & others bought and paid for by lobbyists of insurance firms
HA HA HA HA! fool!
ok
Loving the winning, aren't you.
of course the trolls can't read or they would understand what is going on-good post
......be amazed at the results.
only records you've set is a #losingrecord #loser
It's time to move on to things that actually matter. R's versus D's must end.  It is time we are all Americans!
Here my self portrait on #uncledouchebagsflacidpenis. I think I'm funny
We the People need to restore FEAR into GOVT & DEMAND RESIGNATIONS
How about u give them new idea?  Sitting a crying and complaining is NOT. Leadership that is the sign of a spoiled child.
Remove "special health plan for senators, congress, and employees. They all get 73 % subsidiary. Are they that special???
what happened to the "beautiful" plan you ran on? #JailTrump
Why don't you get out your Nazi book I'm sure you will find something in there.

https://twitter.com/TrueFactsStated/status/892058848823005185 …
President Trump Republican senators are not total quitters they're just totally bought and paid for by  lobbyists of the insurance companies
Most of your party knows your health plan is only for the big tax break for the rich.  Of course,most are rich like you & could care less.

Make up yr mind, either its dead and yr not gonna tryn kill millions of people ? Or its alive and U will keep tryn to kill by take away ins?
I believe this is called "beating a dead horse"
it's dead. #realnews Besides the majority don't want it, even in Arizona.
if they voted in Universal the Republicans will win the House and the Senate
Reread that Scholastic piece. You might learn something.
MN
Might help if the President had a plan! #deflect #magafail #losingbigly #takesomeresponsibility #lackofleadership
I'd LOVE to see another vote....let's start with the one that happened in November, 2016. Deal?
Repubs need to do the right thing - fix ACA,  DO NOT R&R!!!
Mr. President can you also fix the messed up credit score to purchase items. Companies can "say" a person owes a debt when in fact it's paid
Cut off their taxpayer funded non-Obamacare insurance NOW!! #MAGA
We should have demanded a new ELECTION after you requested Russia to hack HRC emails & requested the classified info to be made public.
who are you talking to rn? and what point are you trying to make I'm lost
John McCain is phony I feel sorry for his sickness but he's a phony who does not deserve the support of Arizona American citizens
Yes-Republicans should vote to Repeal and Replace the president!
Please lead a joint team to fix issues in obamacare. Use it as foundation and then make improvements.  Lead instead of challenge
#Trumpcare seems be having serial abortions!
even gw thinks you are pathetic. You are simply
The people spoke. They don't want a repeal. #maga
No more votes MOVE ON !
They did the right thing.  Now they can fix TOGETHER the ACA
Pull their subsidies
Repeal and replace donny trump. We feel so sorry for you Americans on board the Trump Titanic
r through a hissy fit and sue them.
Needs good leadership!   It is missing.   7 years to plan and nothing!!!!!!!!!
The whole problem is trying to repeal and then replace later!  Need a complete plan that works for the PEOPLE.  Think!!!
Drain the swamp.  Hell we have to "flush the toilet " now
Before voting on any other bill?  You want congress to be as ineffective as the executive branch?
...idiot
It would be better to demand a REAL @potus instead. RESIGN now, Traitor.
You are beating a dead horse. No one wants to kill ACA they want it fixed. Keep it up and see how low your popularity can dive
Thank you dear leader, may I have another?
mmii
Getting sick and tired of all of them! Our President can't get his Agenda done with such whimps. All they care about is there next break
The @SenateGOP are quitters and @SenateMajLdr McConnell needs to be repealed and replaced!
@POTUS when R U going 2 get it? AMERICA doesnt want Ur F-Us-Over TrumpCare. #
They don't want to kill people, Donald. They don't want to kill the people. Good idea for you to quit trying to do that too.
@SrnaDarijo
You sicken the free world with your egotism and bigotry. You offend and defile OUR institutions and steal our money for YOUR pockets.
Know it so you act like a bully to cover your knowledge that you are inferior. You are worse than pathetic!
Surprisingly, @realDonaldTrump, your tweets do nothing in way of leading or getting legislation passed. Perhaps try a different method?
I'd rather have this Repeal&Replace garbage dead than millions of Americans

You should quit!
Ooooo, quitters. Harsh words from the king-of-bankruptcy. Everyone is willing, u got lube, still can't get it up. Sad. Quit
Might be a good idea for you to read the USA constitution. Your executive branch has NO WRITTEN POWER over Legislature. Too late to fix that
