FTR, your team was "spied on" because they were caught talking to Russian spies. Deny it all you want, it happened. Resign, criminal.
Why don't you spend your tweets on more positive topics? I, for one, discovered that there is free energy from ...(1/2)
nature at wavelengths 32feet, 12feet, 6feet, and 4inches. We should get American scientists investigating that for starters
That's pretty cool ! Anywhere I can read more about that ? 
probably wont be an Olympic team in USA as long as Trump is President. Every American who can run jump or Swim will already be in Canada.
@trumphop  The Whole Trump episode is a Bad Thing for USA - YUP - A Nightmare
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. W...
WHAT is sad is having an imbecile in OUR White House. GO HOME DT...
Associated implies equality, scooter. You are OWNED by Russia. BIGLY different. 


The scary part is, you were spied on before election and they knew you were corrupt. But nobody told us. Everybody thought you wouldn't win
#sjspecialist http://www.conservativeinfidel.com/russian-debacle-part-1/ …
sent by author
It does get bigger. 

Collusion with Russia is bigger. 

Incidental data collection is nothing.
The FBI confirmed it's investigating #TrumpRussia.

No matter how hard he tweets the issue will always be what he did not how he got caught.
Th cover up will be much more bigly!
I don't think so. In this case, I think the treasonous crime is bigger. The cover up is big. But, the crime is bigger.
You should put on a clean diaper before you tweet.
God bless Donald J. Trump!
For God Sake man, you sound unhinged! Go to bed, get some sleep.NUMES your own man said on National T.V no collections done against laws!
info just keeps oozing out.. hang in there!
Well read it & weep the left especially Hillary & Obama will stop at nothing to b rich & powerful includingGeorge Soros $$$
You will be vindicated, Dems are dying a death of 1000 cuts!
@CNN 
Russia issue is a ploy of ISIS supporters in US to preempt a possible  US-Russia coalition which can wipe ISIS
Why can't you ask Sessions to look into this?
Trump, you are Corrupt,

The art of propaganda  : The receptive powers of Trump voters are very restricted, and their understanding is feeble
The 25th Amendment is imperative. Your lack of self awareness with this tweet is indicative of a deep psychological problem.
Hold it right there you hypocritical dumbass. You said you love those who leak.
You weren't spied on. Foreign agents were spied on. And you got caught talking to them. 
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/848219027659010051 …
Yep. Period. END OF STORY.
When all else fails lets throw some alternative facts in the mix to distract everyone. There's 1 problem though, u have no credibility left
Nothing is going to divert the American people from our unwavering focus on the Trump-Russia scandal. 

Also, your approval rating is 36%.
This is starting to reach critical mass, your days seem numbered. Is there any legal way congress can just say redo on the election
C'mon man. This is not healthy. Put some pants on, and go and play some golf while you still can.
Note to self: I should take my own advice.
Know what's sad: YOU. You suck as Pres.; more interested in picking fights than actually governing. t's ok--you'll be gone soon. #IMPEACH.
the only explanation for you relying on Fox for information is that our agencies won't give you any because they know you are guilty.
The #Swamp is Deep and Dangerous...#DrainTheSwamp... Praying for @POTUS and all of the #TrumpTeam fighting on the Front Line.
You know more you defend it more you look like a suspect!! All these tweets are distractions.... we stay on course to uncover ur betrayals
someone needs to ban his twitter account.
So u made up a bunch of bull shit huh and shared it with ur propaganda machine Fox? Good job
Amazing how President of one of most powerful countries in the world keeps tweeting rubbish like a low lying troll. Doesn't get much sadder!
U REALLY overestimate ur importance back then. Just another  minor celebrity BLOWHOLE w/a bad habit of dealing w/bad ppl!
time to tweet, 
time to tweet, 
20 hour days? 
When do you sleep?
3) Unmasking is NOT the issue.
hard to argue with the truth ...
... too much winning!  
#aprilfoolsday
Mike Flynn and The Donald after Flynn requests immunity to testify ...
Too bad you have no respect for this country. I disliked President Obama, but I did recognize him as a president, and called him President.
Flynn has something on you. This deflection you are doing is delicious!
And you know you can find out what you want if you go to intelligence briefings instead of waiting for your fave FOX show to come on.
He must have a late tee time today.
Maybe it's sprinkling and he doesn't want his makeup to run #notmypresident

Or maybe he has the shits. We all know he tweets on the shitter. I dint want to think about what's in those engorged intestines #yucky
Hahaha
YOU ACT LIKE A GUILTY TWAT. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dteczbdq5W0 … #wecontrolthejams
Is that really you Anton? You guys were ace when I saw you at Leeds Uni last year. And we both like trolling The Donald! 
it's not exactly trolling...he's a fucking cunt.
President Trump you are AWESOME and doing an amazing job. Please reveal all of the corruption and throw all of them in JAIL
No evidence of anything illegal. Nunes explicitly stated "nothing illegal was done".
No, no evidence if Russian tampering. Obama, yes!
No evidence of illegal Obama surveill. No evidence of Rusvote tampering. Just hacking of both parties. Facts only #AmericaFirst
Agree however who is doing the surveillance of Trump? We shall see what is actually fact. Hopefully or it'll be covered up like always..
No evidence Trump directly surveilled. "Possible" incidental collex of assoc's talk to fed suspects. Poss unmask is problem tho
It took you 12 minutes to write this reply???
Why are you going after the whistleblowers and not the people who committed the crime? History doesn't treat people like you well!
A reminder: Watergate, The Pentagon Papers, HILLARY'S EMAILS… these were all illegally leaked to the Real News who then reported on them!
Remember when you encouraged Russia, our enemy, to hack into Hillary's emails? This is treason. Remember when you praised Wikileaks?
I'm actually for Wikileaks and think that they do is incredibly important. It is. Just like the info that was leaked about Flynn.
Imagine if they hadn't leaked it & we literally had a Russian agent working as our National Security Advisor… that's what you wanted?!
…also you say they "just" reported this "big news" when in fact they reported it yesterday. Maybe if you weren't golfing so much you'd know!
Your own son admired that a disproportionate amount of your income comes from Russian entities. Fake son?
I'm worried it took you 12 minutes to type this other half. Convinced your IQ is below 40, until you can prove otherwise.
Haha, says y--wait, what even are you?
You are worse than a YouTube commenter. Millions of Americans are relying on you to get your shit together. Either stop or resign.
Of course he's gonna tweet about it. 

What thoughts, if any, do you have about the Fox News report, BTW?
Because if a high ranking intel official abused foreign intel collection to unmask Trump team surveillance for partisan political leaking...
1) It's still not clear to me any Trump officials were unmasked and even less evidence any were under surveillance  2) Every day we get a
You are 100% wrong.
To say none were under surveillance is to say the NYT's sources for it's reporting months ago were wrong.
Because, they couldn't possibly have been caught via surveillance of Russians?
Remember, it's not surveillance if they pretend it's on another person.

Pack your bags. You guys are out of there in a month.
Uhhhhh...  Liar
What is sad is you are the worst President ever.

Are you actually saying " If this is true" after "not associated with Russia"? You aren't sure? Because you should know.
SAD that your team couldn't abide by US LAW, had to sneak around the world trying to do deals with PUTIN and Oligarchs TREASONOUS!!
U should just step down already. U r a fraud and despised by most Americans. Your policies are failures & demonstrative of ur inexperience
TAKE A GOOD LOOK, AT THE TRACK RECORD OF ALL IN THE WH. AND ALL THE MEETINGS IN SECRET THEN, SAY SOMETHING THAT MAKES SENSE.
WHICH, START 2 YEARS AGO. ALL THE VACATIONS, FROM FAMILY TO PUTIN'S GIRLFRIEND AND SO FORTH?
Give me a break! Sad for @POTUS
You're sad for US. A big failure. Huge!
sadder having you as our president. I hope they take your whole administration down for this
Other wise shut up and give positive publicity there is no need whatever to give out rumours like that it's always been this way rumour
Of course you are - you won't condemn anything they say or do so that alone SCREAMS your GUILT!!!!
That investigation train is going run over you and all your family and you're going to be in jail, with Flynn & Kushner. Then we'll relax.
We want to know more about Blackstone/ Bayrock?
The question is why. Why "spy" on them? 
What is sad is you and your administration, the majority still rules, never forget you work for us now
You are a Russian lover, in deep to your orange cheeks. Enjoy Federal Prison!
why don't you get some facts from elsewhere than your commercial stage over @FoxNews
Not associated w Russia at all, all Mericans b4, just parts played ;-k
Stop believing your (R)propaganda outlets. You have access to real intelligence, or don't you believe in operating from a position of power?
There is nothing the Dems. won't do to get back power .
You don't need to announce your conspiracy theories on twitter, ask the intel agencies that report to you.
Sour grapes over losing to a winner. They should have lied and cheated more.
Really?  Because so far, on a daily, you sir are the saddest thing for The United States.
If this is true? I thought you took everything @FoxNews said as sacrosanct?  Amazing!  I need to hear it from someone more trustworthy.
@POTUS We know a smoke screen when we see one Donnie
YOU are SAD for the U.S....
...spied on for committing treason...
Not true. 
Move on.
You are very much a part of Russia.  Putin is a friend of yours.  Quit lying!!!
Nothing is sadder for the US then you infecting the White House.  #WorstPresidentEver
It already is sad for America that one party cannot accept loss, figure out what went wrong and move forward.
yeah everyone should ignore that a candidate colluded with Russia to get elected and lies daily.
But enough about Hillary Clinton!
exactly.  Deal with what is really happening!
And that is #Winning!!
What is sad for U.S. is that you sneaked into office with the help of the Russians. You will be exposed. #ImpeachTrump
...You can't even do your job without your kids to hold your hand. That's embarrasing and sad.
What is bigger is that the Trump person may be a traitor if the Russia thing is true
Nope.  Another of your fake facts.  But soon you or your friends will be in jail.
Clinton, McCain Graham are all behind fake dossier & have a russian connection. everyone knows you never met that man. they r undermining u
Shouldn't you make sure something is true BEFORE you tweet it? You know, since you're the President of the United States? Idk just a thought
And your #FakeNews story is bigger than the Truth? Not gonna happen Donnie. Seems you're getting a little scared.
no you are guilty. Lock him up
If true????? Do you ever find out BEFORE you tweet???? 
So sorry you have to go through this.  A sacrifice of epic and historical proportions, Mr. President.
Because your minions were making deals with Russia at your behest. You are going to jail
You are wrong on this Donald
Liar!  #TrumpRussia IS the news. Make us trust you woth ALL of your #TrumpTaxes #LeadByExample
SHOULD be "sad" for those who did it ! Or are THEY TOO above all law ?  Seems "justice' sure takes its time (if ever) when it's the Elite !
Sadder than electing you? I don't think so.
- actually I can think of something bigger...a treasonous president who needs to go to jail
It's all leading back to trump...that's the high official!
yeah that's not bigger than the death of our democracy via electoral college votes
paranoid - getting caught. No restraint. Ever. #loser
april fools joke
Lock you up!
YOU ARE A TRAITOR!  Your name will FOREVER BE ASSOCIATED WITH BEING A TRAITOR!  UR decendents will forever have to answer for your TREASON!
Rh
A special prosecutor shud B selectd 2 investigate Obama & his henchmen who R currently attempting 2 destroy Pres Trump. Go 4 it AG Sessions!
Gross only a guilty person keeps saying they didnt do anything..u didn't see obama tweeting when u made a huge lie ab him not being American
You use "If this is true".  That mean you have no evidence of it.  You're just tweeting bullshit to distract us from the real facts.
only thing sad for the u.s. is you. :0 (
Liar
Your team wasn't spied on. You and them were caught up in surveillance with Russians.  Why were you speaking to them?
Oh, it GETS "much bigger".  #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Your Russia  ties are SO Evident... think about Resignation
I concur
You're a terrible president. All ego. And team trump -including you- should be in jail.
I would not put anything pass the Obama Administration...but alas you can see that the liberal media is taking this scandal serious.
You are Sad for the US. Show us your taxes.
Get real, you all will be caught in your lies very soon
I pray that in the midst of this distraction with Syria that @SenatorBurr
@MarkWarner and we who seek the truth, stay focused.
what color is the sky in your world donny
You should have never encouraged Russia to hack Clintons Emails it made you look bad .
Eat a baglklikdfjvdfvdafvadfv
dafv
ad
fv
ad
fva
df
va
df
v
adf
v
ad
fv
ad
fv
a
df
va
df
va
#Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns
