
News just broke—*on the president's birthday*—that he's being investigated by Mueller of obstruction of justice.
Of what injustice? Of a fake investigation? That never happened according to Comey?
Same thing was said of Watergate. Have fun.
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo… htt...
Thank you from a US Navy Vet.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Awesome!!!
USAF Veteran.
The fact that this needs to enacted speaks volumes.
Thank you for following through for our nation's vets and their families!
DONALD TRUMP DODGED THE DRAFT
Is that except Reality Winner?
Sir I love you...but me thinks the swamp is tooo big here...shut down the va and give credits for the veterans to go to private facilities!
Ah Ha a great idea potus Trump this person makes sense.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump has always hated vets. Even wrote letters to NYC to stop them from making an honest buck and get them off the streets.
No doubt trump is trying to sneak something through here.
The large print giveth and the small print taketh away.
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I look forward to signing it!

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
Sir thank you for doing the right thing
The VA is a dysfunctional mess. They EXCEL at DENYING veterans care. Abolish VA. Let us veterans choose our Dr, Hospital etc.
It lets you fire people. Does nothing else. #factsmatter
Good
.@DanTehanWannon take note of the differences #digitalreadinessbill #veterans #veteranclawback .@TurnbullMalcolm .@Raymartin55
And what else does it do?
Sincerely。幹你娘
The VA also needs to clean up their medical records department.  Terrible....
Thanks to you president Trump!  It's because of our veterans we are free. Make America great again!!
AND YET YOU KEEP TRYING TO SCREW US!
You said that would happen immediately after you were elected, but that was a lie
WRONG! @CNN @ABC @CBC @nbc @BBC @marcorubio @nytimes @washingtonpost @LAHT @latimes @LVidegaray @mauriciomacri @EmmanuelMacron @Univision
This has been intake for decades..
Thank you for taking care of our nation's vets. God bless you, Mr President. 
Why has Craig Sawyer lost his VA Benefits? Here is the cream of America's crop- served country. Now serving again-against Pedos. Can U help?
Whistleblowers aka leakers???!!! So it's ok now as long as what they leak is in public's benefit?? Like Flynn w/ Russia??
Great, can we provide them with mercury free dental fillings now?
Thank Mr. President. This action has been needed for a long time. It's going to be a long road for the new VA Secretary.
You are a threat to our Service people. You are trying to start a war to make you money. Support #VetVotes
I can access my records so that I can share test results with Drs in private practice that I see.
If I need specialty care I get it. If they can not get me in with in 30 days they have me call and get scheduled through the Choice program.
I have had care at the VA for over 17 years. I have had no complaints. I get appts when needed, can email my providers. I get meds as needed
It should be for all Gov Agencies!!!
Yes Jim Comey blew whistle on your obstruction, don't  Buy Flynn loyalty you're not loyal to anyone,it's all about the money
Don't worry bout it just make people stop losing mom and dad to the weed charge
Great news for your investigation too! #weallhavewhistles
You blocked @votevets ??? If only you signed your name on an enlistment form you'd know why we are mad. Vets as well cuz you'd be one
Yes Chuckie. Everyone knows how much you love to scribble your name then proudly show it like a kindergartner
I am a former DVA Police Officer ,Veteran who blew the whistle on corruption. I was targeted retaliated fired reinstated,fired reinstated.
As a former DVA Police Officer Veteran and Whistle Blower, no Action was taken against those who retaliated against me. Court sided with me
The DVA has covered up for Criminals in their ranks targeted marginalized retaliated against Whistle Blowers as myself. No justice for me.
President Trump, Sir.
As a DVA Police Officer who blew the whistle on corruption I was targeted retaliated my career ruined. Please Help me.
I want to talk about fixing VA healthcare. I have a simple solution and no one will hear me out.
A real fix for quality healthcare.
So you'll protect those that speak against YOU, 45??? Because they will, I guarantee, they will!
Yeah @ConcernedVets @Justice4Vets  He won't support ins, medical assist but he'll protect you!  
DOUBT IT!
I agree.
@TNGOP @DeptVetAffairs And now how wanna cut programs to let unemployable disabled vets draw full disability. Good job Don
Good! Now let's get busy with fulfilling other campaign promises..
Mr. President  for fact if you are blocking our Veterans and taking away benefits for those who have fought for this country? Disrespectful
It's About Time We Start Watching Out For Our Veterans. Now let's start looking at their pay???
Benefits? Tri- care sucks! Military Mom
YUGE, I find this hard to believe?   Whistleblowers that do not tell on you, right!  If nothing to hide, let the investigation happen.
Do you even believe your own lies? It's unsettling.
weren't you just saying a few months ago that "Whistleblowers are traitors!"?
Hope the same accountability can be extended to every part of our democratic gov.
Wry thankful for the VA and mental health treatment...for those struggling prayers to my fellow vets
Investigate pay to play
AS A DISABLED VIETNAM VET, I APPRECIATE ALL YOUR EFFORTS ON BEHALF OF ALL VETERANS!!  THANK YOU!!
Bonjour
Wow.
You should do this for all government; imagine all the news that would come out of your administration.
Just a little reminder - whistle blowers are "leakers"  Just so you know!
Thank you President Trump! My brother & father served and deserve an awesome VA!
Give us back the benefits we deserve! The benefits you sorry Repubitards voted out already! You want bigger defense budget - where's our cut
another diversion.
Check out site
Not treated
As vet usarmy we have combat wounds 
That created chronic pain which we deservedly deserve!! Doctors(primary care)are
"whistleblower protection?" You joking tho, right?
Veterans deserve our support, thank you, Sir

@realDonaldTrump Glass Steagull
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions …
But will fire anyone who whistleblows on your traitorous activities? #liar #thief #fraud #impeach #imprison #LOCKHIMUP
So Gov employees so leak info on corrupt bosses is ok.  Thas good to know.
When are you going to jail?
I hope you are right.  I am a veteran. If it only lines the pockets of the rich, I will tell you. If it helps the veterans, I will tell you.
Don't trust this president, he turn his back on you, he's a habitual liar & can't be trusted. Trump doesn't understand he works for us
the American people. He's the worst president ever.  IMPEACHMENT NOW!  BEFORE IT'S TO LATE.
What do you know about them, Mr Cowardly Fart?
When are you going to sign the whistleblower and accountability act for the executive branch of government?
THANK YOU, Mr. President  for what you do for us !
Thank you.It's about time the VA Hospitals are held accountable for their shoddy medical care. My parents died unnecessarily in VA hospitals
So thenshould be the same all across government!!! The young lady in Atlanta should be let go
How about whistle blower protection for FBI. CIA. Hmmmm.
Just because it's important maybe you should use your red crayon.
@Castantine  Clever spelling those words. Ppl need to stop all the hate, get up, speak.Start w your town. Run for office. You can do better?
Yet another promise kept! Vets n their families suffered enough. Why have they been last. I can't think of 1 gd thing SlowBama did.Ty AMEN
Why can't all Vets get help? A family making over $43,000. Can't get benefit's. Both parents working can't earn over $10.75 per hour each.
2 bad u took medical deferments cuz u have no idea what these people experience.
Stop signing memos that just outline vague intentions that you have no plan on fulfilling
Donald. J. Trump
He may B a fortunate son - but I LOVE my @POTUS ! Best President Eva! 
He may B a fortunate son - but I LOVE my @POTUS ! Best Presidebt Eva!   .@realDonaldTrump from a blue state friend 
So wait - you are passing a law to encourage government employees to divulge information about wrongdoing? #irony
Great news for us vets is that you don't privatize the VA.
That's what the leakers at the WH are doing for America by telling everything on U.  LOL!! We need a bill for the LEAKERS.
Great picture of a guy who thinks he knows more than the generals!! SiCK
Trumps days are numbered 
PROTECT Assange! Do  NOT prosecute! He's a hero to the people in this very corrupt-as-hell-government time! #FreeAssange
Ugh. Ur bad
We dare you to sign a White House Whitleblower Protection Act.
Draft dodger steals from children's cancer charity
Do u know how to hold a pen #fakePOTUS
Whatever happened to the hotline for VA?  I thought you were giving up Twitter and answer the phones yourself.

This is good! Now, please restore all whistle blowers (that BHO had screwed) back 2 their previous posns. They shoud B rewarded, not screwed
Will this allow firing of people who are not doing their jobs?
To bad republicans won't pass it cause it costs money
But you go and block other veterans????
Hey, I know....how about dissolving the VA and giving veterans their own insurance available ANYWHERE in the good old USA? THAT might help!
You cool with this but not Comey?  Sounds like double standards to me...#blowyourwhistlecomey
 thank you Mr President
SO WHY DID YOU BLOCK VOTEVETS ON TWITTER?
Lawsuits will be YUGE!
Why are you blocking #Vets ?

Cpl. Dillon C. Baldridge
Sgt. Eric M. Houck
Sgt. William M. Bays

KIA in Afghanistan June 10, 2017
So help leakers?
Thank you for this!
I also look forward  to you signing it early.
This is actually a really good thing you did here.  juries still out on election fraud. 
Remember how you blocked @votevets though? Clearly you only care about vets who don't critique you.
How would you know? You're blocking vets and vet groups from seeing and replying to your tweets. SHAMEFUL!!
Everyone thanks us Veteran's and still little is done. Ask Tyler Betz a Social Worker for VA. His job performance is "pitiful"
Most of Veterans workers are not Veteran's that is the biggest problem we Veterans face.
Please remember the victims of Camp Lejeune .
How do you plan to get accountability are good veterans care when you just keep cutting jobs. I'm sued them many times. Good luck with that.
You better tell that to Tyler Betz of the Salisbury Veteran's office
because I have made a dozen about his job performance and nothing.
Mr president the VA continues to fall short of the pledge the republic has made to us who have taken arms to defend her, we are not cattle!
Who cares what he dogged, he is standing for all of us now. Be the Salt and light of this earth!!!
Everyone needs to review Trumps budget. It's awesome to have a president push Religious Liberties and being pro-life.  Wallbuilders live
So you might do one single good thing during your very short reign?

Hard to believe, since everything else has turned out so badly.
It has come too late to help me, the VA in Cleveland, Ohio is totally corrupt and i can prove it.
Whistleblowers will never be safe with those in power! Globalist hate vets!
