Your Graciousness, please delete your tweet.  It contains the forbidden "V" word, which you have banned.

Meanwhile, I have no problem using your forbidden words and shall use them more often:

VULNERABLE
ENTITLEMENT
DIVERSITY
TRANSGENDER
FETUS
EVIDENCE-BASED
SCIENCE-BASED
Deeez nuuuts?

I really couldn't help myself
Yall I swear I have too much time on my hands
And now is the part where I laugh at myself
"Privilege With Attitude"
Knew yall wouldn't care but honestly I been laughing ever since and that was the main goal

I tweet from my bathroom
I'm killin ur brain like a poisonous mushroom
Deadly doing a dope rally
My campaign is a felony…

EASY D. Is this a joke we in Norway dont get. Are you realy the President. What man of power talks like that?
What county allows itself to be overrun by #rapefugees? #Norway
We are more vulnerable with guns.
“Easy D”.  Sometimes the jokes write themselves and sometimes @realDonaldTrump writes them for us.
What in the ring-tailed rambling hell?

what ur impeachment
did you just make a sexual reference? Such a potty mouth Baby Drumph
"THE WORLD IS COLLAPSING UNDERNEATH OUR FEET! BURY YOUR HEAD IN THE SAND AND ILL TAKE CARE OF THE REST!" 
you're drunk go home trump. No really. Go home.
why not Saudi, Pakistan, Afghan? You're a hypocrite
"president" @realDonaldTrump  The same CERTAIN AREAS where black people can't walk down the street without being killed? #MAGA
Yeah sure.
you need a "D" in your ass
we are praying continually for you and our country. We know God is leading you.
his name is Eazy E! And he was a rapper...not a judge! #idiot

we need to keep our citizens safe first, close the doors!
what the hell is "easy D"?
.What I assume happened: President Bannon was voice tweeting and @realDonaldTrump tried to grab the phone from him. So he yelled, "EASY D!"
I see you trying to make us afraid so we will give you more power. I also see a dick joke. Which should I focus on?
por que no Los dos?
bet you know all about that "EASY D"
"Certain areas?"  like muslim countries?
.@realDonaldTrump DONALD WHAT IN THE LORD'S NAME IS "EASY D?"
Opening act for Tenacious D
I'm sorry, @realDonaldTrump, wrong again! Why do you insist on fabrication? We are not afraid.
.@realDonaldTrump Many people are saying you can be talked into something stupid if told, "Obama wouldn't do it."
.@realDonaldTrump I'm starting to think you have an inferiority complex which may stem from your follower obsession.
Why not have a mass unfollowing?  You'll still see what he says anyway & it would drive him bonkers.
@djrothkopf you mean "easy peasy" right?
Fear monger!
ok let's see the source of that? Info wars? Show your data.
we will not allow you to destroy our country. #resist #NoDAPL #nobannowall #ImpeachTrump #SwampCabinet
get a life
what? Stop. Please. Maybe take your medication and call it a day.
@POTUS Angering our allies, providing propaganda for ISIS-YOU are making our country less safe, ONLY YOU!
you like getting easy D do ya?

.@realDonaldTrump so you're saying you want the D
Only as long as it's easy.
. @realDonaldTrump Who doesn't love waiting for some EASY D?
.@realDonaldTrump easy d? Easy dick?
that must be your name you disresptful jerk
I dunno. Something about a pot, a kettle and black? Down boy.
.@realDonaldTrump 

"Certain areas" = dog-whistle language for non-white immigrants and refugees

We see you. We know your game.
Translation: 

"NON-WHITE people are coming into the country - BE SCARED!"
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
Translation: The Coudenhove Kalergi Plan destroying the west will soon be exposed.
What the hell is an "EASY D"?  Is that Easy E's orange brother?
I  heard you can get "EASY D" by answering Craigslist Casual Encounters ads.
Is "EASY D" what you give President Bannon and Daddy Putin every night for dessert? #easyD
.@realDonaldTrump
AHAHAHAHAHA
what makes us more vulnerable? What is the danger your illegal ban is protecting us from? Your lies make us less safe.
have you not seen the problems in Europe caused by just letter everyone come over, or are you choosing to ignore that?
letting*
we are not Europe. We will not become Europe. These countries have not harmed us. You sound like you want the US to cower in fear.
arent there more Muslim countries out there than ones Trump put a "hold" on? Not a "ban" a "hold" how is it a Muslim ban?
who called it a "muslim ban" here? Are you moving the convo in the direction of your preferred talking points?
that would be a negative. I've just heard it on the news. Just a question. Not trying to take offensive. Just a question.
fair enough. The 7 banned countries are 98% Muslim - candidate DJT called for a Muslim Ban. Hence the label.

#EasyD

Is that your bra size? I'd have thought Double D.
Someone explain to grandpa what “EASY D” means ... and that it’s NEVER easy.  
You’re a D

Treazy-T say what
.@realDonaldTrump I've never liked one of your tweets but THANK YOU for coming out and admitting you like Easy D! So inspiring for gay youth
Omg. I almost spit water all over my Mac. 
Great day for American troops in harms way! At last Military hands are not tied!
Move over Eazy E.  Easy D in the house.
Treazy-T
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for wh...
Send immigrants to San Francisco  and Washington State
We know President Trump you trying to save us from another 911 #Congress WILL BE BLAMED! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @TexasGOP
temporary block immigration from countries Amen no brainer can't imagine what is taking so long
how many gun deaths were there in the USA last year? Terrorists are not killing Americans, Americans are killing each other
@POTUS ....LIAR 
So now just because you say "big increase" you're crazy, you're trying to scare people is not working, FAKE NEWS "racist"
Keep up the fake news.  The list of misdemeanors is getting bigger.  You will not make it a full term.
Easy D bag!  You are such a twit!!
very complementary to the potus, you have no respect
you are right. I have no respect for a man that is a pathological liar and a possible security leak waiting to happen.
CALIFORNIA IS MISSING BILLIONS OF DOLLARS AND THEY ARE TANGLED IN CORRUPTION THAT THE SWAMP IN DC PAID TO PLAY FOR A WIN
You are leading by fear! It may work in your business dealings but not for smart Americans!
finally something I can get on-board with. I love me some D
LOS CUBANOS TE APOYAMOS ESTAMOS EN CONTRA DE LOS DEMOCRATAS COMUNISTAS Y ANTI CUBANOS Y  EN CONTRA DE LA VIEJA CLIPTON
@POTUS You sure that's not people trying leave the country before you destroy it?
shut down the borders
send the one in yr house back and they will be less traffic
What? Is this some sort of gangsta talk? Identify certain areas. This might be WTF of the day #impeachtrump #notmypresident
The cheating, stealing, lying, and thieving liberal activist  courts have cost our country again! Drain that swamp! MAGA!
Great new stage name, Donnie! EASY D-bag, EASY D for short.
Maybe you can find some easy D on the cyber.
You are making things up again This is what is wrong with you all you are doing is making people think you know something
u LOST the popular vote by 3M

Effectively, you're organically a LOSER!

And a racist, a bigot, a failure. 

#fiveyearold
Easy Decision maybe fucktards?
To the Don.  Courts have lost their mind.  Since when do they have the authority to stop the president of the US anyway????
Just SHUT UP! I'm Canadian & sickened by your 5 year old temper tantrum! People are FLEEING to U.S and walking 2 CANADA
BS
EASY DC
Sir, let our Afghan tribes once again partner with you in Afgh to help defeat the very one's who you are concerned about.
.@realDonaldTrump U really can't admit when uv made a mistake? Everyone tells u what #EasyD means, & still u leave up the embarrassing tweet
as a American with a family I am horrified ! I support you anyway possible ! It's not if another 9/11 it's when
not one twitter about the lives and destruction that our country has dealt with this week from adverse weather conditions.
lol..Can't spell
could be more migrants to help rebuild your nation
Did you fact check that?
@mike_pence @reince @KellyannePolls DO THESE GUYS INCLUDE NY UP-STATE 'SILICON VALLEY' ??? NYS needs HELP..&w/DairyIndustry
Easy D? You got her locked up in Trump Tower
wrong
you do realize that means Easy Dick, right?
you love an easy d
this usage of an homosexuelle term to refer to policy is a disgrace. i thought youd stand up against devilish deeds.
You get an F from me; you have failed every test miserably, day in and day out. #Fail
Please keep trying to keep us safe.
You're the biggest LIAR! They aren't streaming in! The get 18-24 mo vetting & U know it! Fake facts from Fake Prez! Sad.
didn't anybody ever tell you, D is never Easy. Lubing up and bending over helps, though. Enjoy!
I know ridiculous!!
and people that call themselves American have for our safety! I'm pissed! I was an immigrant from South Africa when I was
people can be so dang dumb
Buy some wonderful bigly stop lights for all that traffic.  Do you not yet realize we don't believe your lies?
There were screening safeguards in place, just listen to the intelligence instead of attacking it. Ban BANNON he is  danger
"EASY D" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
it WAS an easy decision! Those "so-called" judges did what was right. #noban
2 misunderstanding by the snowies...EASY D(ECISION) AND Big League NOT Bigly! smh what a bunch of morooons!
oh well...you lose! Loser!
Fearmongerer
we are 60% of Iranians.we didn't called death to america yesterday.we are not like our regime.#rezapahlavi #usa #trump
is Russia on a war footing?
Mister president. Thank God you're in there and we are all behind you. Drain the swamp.
, I hope you're not still waiting for that big increase in EASY D traffic in your certain vulnerable areas!
#EasyD
what the heck is Easy D? Something in your alternate universe
Easy D? This does not mean: easy Dickhead
fear mongering isnt working
A 'C' is easy. An 'A' is challenging. A 'D' shows laziness or a near total lack of cognition towards the subject, you 'F.'
@POTUS I don't want your brand of D. I can get better
#fakenews
FIrst, Certain areas? We're not in grade school anymore. Second: Urban Dictionary. Great resource.
Yes indeed, sir.
@POTUS Easy D= Defeated, Denied, Demoralizing, Disheartening
Where is the extreme vetting of the pizza gate? Pedosex offenders all over White House!
thanks for nothing supreme Court!! 100% Donald Trump.. At least you give a shit about us! Keep fighting for us! Thank you !
Easy D - D is for Douchebag!
forever looking for a nice juicy easy D.
and into Canada fleeing the US.
Wait....you're looking for some easy "D"???? Lol   I knew it.... #CONTROLLEDBURN
. Donald get some rest, you are going out of your mind
what mind
It's SMALL D or NO D
Sorry to hear the D aren't coming as EASY anymore.
Easy D - Isn't that how you get syphilus and gonorrhea?
You like those Ds, huh?  I notice the women in your family all seem to have them.  Cost you much?
For once, you were right - easy D and you lose again! Justice 2, Trump 0!
Should be easy D-ecision, if #9thcircuit weren't plotting to supercede exec power. Jefferson reminder: Tyranny of Oligarchy
We know you are doing the right thing! Make them prove poorly vetted immigrants pose no real threat to USA. They can't!
man, can' t you at least attempt to grow up? A boy of twelve acts more responsibly than you. Stop the lies!!
Most so-called Chinese inventions were pirated from the US. o during the obama decade and the Clinton presidency,
EASY D a nickname Bannon gave him after scoring a bj in under 3 mins of first time introduction
easy deportation?? Wtf
Easy D? Save that for @MELANIATRUMP she's taking one for the team.
EASY D is your nickname for Pence, right?
the only reason we're more vulnerable is because you are creating isis propaganda all over the world so shut up
Yeah we got to keep them ducking Saudis out can't trust them. Oh wait you're not trying to keep them out. #9/11
not 1 attack from migrants from those areas. Your policy is INCREASING the threat by creating enemies. #SoCalledPresident
Maybe you should just grab them by the D...that is your go to move right?
should be easy impeach you. #grabyourwallett #grabyourwallett #DoYourJob #DoYourJob #ninthcircuit #NotMyPresident
wait wait wait.....I thought Republicans opposed gay marriage now you're asking for easy d ??!
oh sweetie you've been a failure at almost everything you've ever done. stop embarrassing yourself and step down.
Issue multiple new EO before American citizens are killed @realDonaldTrump @Denise7Berry #draintheswamp @AGJeffBSessions @ericbolling
.@realDonaldTrump - how do we play "Easy D" against homegrown terrorism? I doubt ostracizing muslims is part of that playbook...
stop tweeting bro...
I smell treason from the courts! Anyone who objects to your ban knows good and well what they are doing is harmful!
He's a loser, everyone can see he's in way over his head....
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
