Why Trump says things like "the failing New York Times" and "Fake News" over and over and over and over again
Nikita Khrushchev's granddaughter: Trump uses 'fake news' like Stalin used 'enemies of the people'
The difference between having a President who is a Constitutional Scholar and a LEADER, and one who only cares about his EGO.

Oh pls. The idiot never left. But he'll be gone soon for #Treason.
Fake patriots use profile pics that indicate Patriotism but their hateful words/crying show otherwise. Desperate left always attack voters.
Forever let it be know;  Congresswoman Wilson is now #WackyWilson!  #MAGA
#WackyWilson   #MadMaxine  #CrookedHillary  and many more.                                 #USA     #MAGA
Because childish name calling is always the way to go.
#WackyWilson #MadMaxine #CrookedHillary are examples of pure filth & corruption; ran USA like a 3rd world corrupt gov. The hotel GTMO waits.
Please present facts instead of propaganda and more childish name calling. Your rhetoric does nothing to advance the conversation.
they don't have any facts, so they resort to name calling and tweeting utter nonsense. The meme below is a FACT and was said by trump
No that was Killary you are just sadly mistaken.
And when you know your man is wrong you bring up Hillary.  She didn’t win.  Let it go. Btw are you as concerned about Niger as Bengahzi?  JW
Oh Donnie we all know who the liar is

#youknewwhatyousignedupfor
We love and support you  Mr. President!!!
It's very important that we let the Iran Nuclear Deal be. We should be seeking peace treaties with every single nation on Earth. I repent.
Who gives a shit

The ONLY wacky person on this subject is YOU, Trump!
Maybe you wouldn't have to send out so many defensive tweets if you simply did 2 things. STOP LYING & STOP SCREWING UP.
Did you hear President Bush & President Obama speak today? Integrity & true leaders. You have failed. 
#GoldStarFamilies
There were people listening on your end of a very personal call!  Stop insulting Gold Star families by calling them liars!!

I would put good money on the fact that you are lying...since you have a well documented history of lying about anything and everything

SHUT UP!!!!
Up past your  bedtime and mad at Lawrence?
Secretly sitting in the car with someone talking on speakerphone, How dare she!

You are going to hurt @FoxNews feelings by constantly referring to them as Fake News. They are trying so very hard to please you.. ... ..
You are a true embarrassment 
Please let it go
LIAR!
Former Child Star Donald Trump's d-i-l Lara Trump has read the transcripts.  If she has, as she says, release the transcripts to the public
She’s way better than you. She doesn’t lie
All right already quit calling people names your supposed to be our President for gods sake.act like it grow up
More of you're fake news. Caught in another lie. Sad
Resign
#TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
#TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
#TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
#TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
Trick or treat?
No one is more wacky then you though.
You are the one that lies

Your own Chief of Staff confirmed @RepWilson statement #Morontrump #TrumpLies
Tell Americans about CHAD. You caused the deaths of these fine Green Berets out of sheer incompetence. You, State Dept & DHS. Tell them.
We know why you haven't been able to say one word about their deaths. You would have to tell Americans how your STUPID move caused them.
My God don't you ever sleep? Do us a favor and go to bed, turn off the phone & dream about how you think you're making America great again.
This has to do with this soldier being black and a strong, black woman. Go ahead & flip out u wacky one. Ur a racist & this just proves it.
Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you.

You are calling the family of Sgt. Johnson liars and deceivers.

You're a fucking despicable human being.
John Kelly—another despicable human—confirmed that you told Trump what to say to them and it included the words Rep. Wilson said you said.
You, Kelly, every fucking person that works for you... the worst humanity has to offer. The. Worst.

Go fuck yourselves.
You made Sgt. Johnson's widow, Myeshia, feel WORSE. Instead of taking responsibility for that, you make yourself the victim.

Fuck you.
Pe Resists is a TWITTER TERRORIST.  Cursing at OUR POTUS & A GENERAL WHO SEVERED OUR COUNTRY IS BEYOND HATEFUL. ITS ABUSIVE.
He is decisive which can ultimately destroy us. CN never admit he is wrong, can’t apologize, take responsibility for anything
Potus Trump is a Patriot & has compassion for all people. A true Leader that deserves our respect.  I will block anyone talking against him
If your calling the congress woman a Lier.  Your also calling the soldiers wife and mother a lier.  I think the that’s the lier is you.
The #MSM can't defeat President Trump and the #MAGA movement! Why? We are armed with the TRUTH!
From George Bush to Crooked Hillary to CNN, the campaign to stop Trump has been a titanic failure
Do you have any actual human friends?
#MAGA
Thank you for EXPOSING #FakeNews 

#MAGA
Americans are SICK of #FakeNews

No one believes #MSM anymore!
#MAGA
#America is with you President Trump!

Anyone with any intelligence doesn’t believe the mainstream media anymore. #MAGA
#MAGA
Funny
How wonderful it feels to have a President who keeps his supporters so well informed. Thank you & I never regret a day that I voted for you.

@RepWilson told the truth.  You lie.  We see through you.  Tick tock. #impeach45 #DotardTrump #WWWResist
Where is that “Let’s make America Great Again” Rhetoric you were spouting? Tell it to the Americans in 
Puerto Rico-now.w/ influenza.
You lie like a baby. Everybody can tell you're lying, but you're too immature to know it.
I mean who says "...secretly, on a personal call..." but a child, perhaps 5 or 6? This is our president's intellectual level.
Someone like you calling someone else wacky is the ultimate irony
It wasn't secret; it was on speakerphone. What happened to ur "proof"? That would need 2 be an illegal secret recording. History repeating?
Hmm, you're the one who keeps tweeting and talking about her. Remember when you criticized President Obama AND said he was a Kenyan Muslim? He could have said a lot of things about you but unlike you he always took the high road and was PRESIDENTIAL, something you know NOTHING of
Ah.... she was surrounded by the soldier’s family. How is that secret?  You lie
It was on speakerphone as stated by Mrs Johnson. Please present facts rather than lies.
SECRETLY on a call that was on speakerphone???
Sometimes I think the demon-o-rat party has entered the Twilight zone. Can they really be this looney?
My Response about "Wilson Rock Star" goes to show you just how insanely evil the DNC (The Devil's National Committee) really is. Her favorite color is RED...how appropriate
.@realDonaldTrump I HAVEN'T BEEN THIS SICK TO MY STOMACH SINCE THE NIXON PRESIDENCY -- MUELLER PLEASE HURRY AND END OUR NATIONAL NIGHTMARE!!
Wow! That was fast! TICK TICK TICK TICK TICK TICK - HEAR THAT @realDonaldTrump?  TICK TICK TICK TICK TICK TICK - Say what @realDonaldTrump??
General Kelly confirmed what congresswoman said you said. He even said he told you to say it. Proof that you are the fake news and the liar!
Not fake news, not wacky, no secret. Lack of empathy by #Trump + lied in lies. Sad and disgusting
You turned John Kelly into a blue falcon  #JohnKellyBlueFalcon
Then your calling General Kelly a liar too because he said in his press conference that he told you to say that SAD!!!
Erm, no not secretly. It was on speakerphone with the permission of Sgt Johnson's widow. Did she know Gen Kelly was 'secretly' listening in?
Hank is one of my favorites............imagine the men and women of congress that heard the fool say this............
LIAR, there was NO SECRET.  The GOLD STAR WIFE asked to have it put on speaker. You're the orange LIAR. #Notmypresident,#Donthecon,#bloatus


You called  widow of a dead soldier on her car phone. We ALL use speaker in our cars. You insult her and try to make the insults her fault.
Your heart is going to explode in 3... 2... 1... 
Again. You lied. She didn’t. And you politicized this episode, from the beginning. Are you sick?
Wacky rock star.

photo shopped
COS Kelly is a servant of the taxpayers of the United States
He has a duty to speak the truth or he should be fired or resign
.@POTUS is going crazy and is wacky--lying every chance he gets
Showboating at every opp
NEVER saying "I'm sorry"--the mark of a true coward
The epitome of a demonorat
She was in the Car, the Phone was on Speaker! Duh!
and you were going to present facts?
When are speaker phone conversations secret? With most family members listening too? #FakeNews @POTUS @WhiteHouse @FoxNews @foxandfriends
Mrs. Johnson wanted the call to be on loudspeaker, jackass. lol
If it was so personal, why did you have people in the Oval Office listening?
You are nuts, why can't you tell the truth. At least once in a while....please
Wrong...you were the one lying.
Crazy how ur wacky DIL lied about having read the phone call transcript, sad! & odd... ur whole clan is SO weird but u're the worst #25th
Try saying, "It was my intention to honor a hero and give comfort to his family. I'm sorry I didn't do a better job." But too narcissistic.
http://www.politicususa.com/2017/10/21/frederica-wilson-attends-fallen-soldiers-funeral-trump-continues-massive-smear-job.html …   Congresswoman Wilson attended fallen soldier's funeral while Trump went  golfing. So much for her being 'wacky'.
One hundred years from now people will still be wondering about those that supported Hitler and Drumpf. #pres putz
Secretly?  It was no secret to the widow who invited her to listen in.  You don’t get to decide that.
Again, what is with the name calling. Grow up!
You lie SO MUCH that you do not recognize the truth and decency when it is staring you in the face.  REPENT!!!
it Wes every disrespectful on ur be half
Oh, and why was Mattis also listening to the call? Shall we talk secrets?
Isn’t it way past the time when enough is enough? Why Wasn’t the ‘pussy’ tape enough? Why Wasn’t the inhuman mocking of disabled man enough?
Everything about him,his beliefs, his comments, his tweets, his excuses, his blaming others is depressing. I just dont know how long we last
CNN's Don Lemon shares an open letter to Donald J. Trump, with a message for the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson.
Tsk....Michael Flynn was the lowered joke again today.
Why was Kelley secretly listening in on a private, personal call ?
Still trying to wrap my brain around where in the car Rep. Wilson was able to hide.In the glove compartment?Underneath a seat?In the trunk?
lie. was on speakerphone. his widow backs what she said. horrible man
The Fake President continues to rant and rave like the lunatic he is
STOP! For the love of God STOP! La David's widow knew Congresswoman Wilson was in the car & put your call on speaker!
Throw her in JAIL! #criminalcharges
Name calling is bullying - not allowed in kindergarten nor surely the White House! @Flotus take note! @jeffsessions
GREAT SENSITIVITY TO A WIDOW FROM A DRAFT DODGER!!!! 5 TIMES PURSUIT A DOCTOR NOTE FOR FOOT BONES SPUR!!!! A REAL HERO!!!!!
@Potus Don't even dignify these people with a response. Please just continue leading the coutry. We love your leadership
Videos don't lie. Congresswoman NEVER said she got that building funded.U get #Freedom 2  ? ANYONE in DEMOCRACY even YOU!
@Potus (2) Even if you didn't say it or mean for it to sound that way, this woman just lost her husband. LET IT GO!!
it was a secret phone call n yet u had plenty of ppl listening in? U were doing the same thing she was doing 1/2
Didn't you say that YOU had people listening on the call??  HYPOCRITE!!
How many people were in the room with you during your secret phone calls to the young men killed. Did you announce their presence ?
It was so private you had "many people in the room" but are surprised there might be people in the limo with a grieving widow? Sad.
since when is speakerphone "secret" Quit whining ...You knew what you signed up for. #ActLikeAPresident #TrumpLies #Impeach45 #TakeAKnee
If Pres Obama had behaved like this while he was Pres...YOU would have been the 1st to ATTACK him.  Shameful.  #RESIST
@real Liar Donald Trump

Why are you say o ng other peopke lie and you dont do anything but lie

You have no business calling people names. For the love of America, please act like a decent human being. I know wishful thinking.
Secretly sitting in a limo listening to a call placed ON SPEAKERPHONE so she could hear. 

LIAR
Said the pathological liar.  Please know that most of us see that the wannabe emperor is EMPTY.
It's fully within the family's right if they want to let anyone listen to their call!!!!
45: I didn't say it
Kelly: He did say it..but
Lara: I read transcript
Sarah: No transcript
Oh please
If you think this is the actions and words of a grown man, let alone POTUS...look Donald it’s not working, it’s a mess - leave the building
Liar. They were in a limo on the way to get Johnson's body and the call was on speaker. Stop lying you lying liar.
Hard to argue with a video...
#WackyCongresswomanWilson

interesting. weren't your lackeys listening in as well? Show UR proof slick. That's right,  U have none. #assholetrump

Not sure who would win as to the goofiest. Hat lady, maxine, li’l debbie, sheila jackson lee, and steve cohen are just about neck and neck.

Wilson really needs to resign. Maybe FL needs to permit recall elections for unethical political predators.


Except it wasn’t secretly. And the call recipient has verified everything she said.
WHY ARE YOU TWEETING GO DO YOUR JOB FOR GODS SAKE #beagoddamnpresident
your Tweet was quoted by @people

This is your #blackhawkdown #beghazi moment Republicans @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #republican #gop #maga Not!
DEMOCRAT WILSONS USED TRAGEDY OF LOSE OF R “AMERICAN ANGELS” INHUMANE & NARCISSISTIC.MYESHIA JOHNSON LOSE EXPLOITED 4 “TRASHING POLITICS”
the only fake news is Donald

Once more, you are lying.
How much coke do you do? Jesus
@repwilson Secretly?  She was in the car consoling the widow, the call was on speakerphone for everyone to hear.  Liar liar
You are 100% fake.
It wasnt done secretly!!  #LIARLIAR
Thanks you for never letting fakemsm get away with it.
Why must you continue with this?  Your words are spiteful, hateful & petulant. STOP JUST STOP before someone gets killed.
Wacky Wilson. Fits.
Sorry excuse for a human being#Trump
Mr Trump, as you well know there are a lot of wackos in Congress. Wilson is at the top of the list. Have a great day sir
#Fakepresident #Falsehero #LiarInChief
Fake media is determined to bring u down.
Don’t you ever get tired of wallowing in the muck, you hateful, lying monster? Shame on you.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
If you talk about the situation like that, it just seems more likely you said what you said, and don’t care.
YOU are a liar. You are only fooling YOURSELF.
You #45 are a liar. You have proven to the US public that you do not know what the truth looks like, much less how to say it.
It's sad your personality disorder is not getting treated...
You should be worried about how Niger ambush happened.
Why were American lives lost?
It's not about your phone call.
#TuesdayMotivation
We get it: e know you made your usual self centered ass on the call & now lie about it because you were overheard in OPEN, not secret, call.
http://min-urls.ml/UvQbPsu 
Proven the only lie was @POTUS, in the car not exactly SECRETLY, only crazy rant was @realdonaldtrump.
Except the call was NOT secret and her account has been PROVEN CORRECT.  Most of us just feel sorry for you....pathetic little man.
“He knew what he signed up for” may be appropriate from one soldier to another, but not to a freshly grieving widow.
Wacky woman looking for attention.
shut the fuck up
You are a fake president
Every word you utter is a blatant lie. You are FAKE NEWS
HOW CAN A CALL ON SPEAKER BE PRIVATE DON STOP THE DUMB SHIT, YOU EMBARRASSING YOURSELF. SO WHY YOU PUT SECRETLY IN CAPS LOL
Bluetooth is not secretive! A moronic dotard for POTUS. At least Obama was educated.
You have an affinity for fake facts...so it evens out. Get over it.
.
This is beneath your office. This is embarrassing to our country. stop it please just stop it. Start worrying about Americans our country
I cant. Unfollow! Good luck
sounds like you were set up
Very wacky woman
Bullshit
If personal, why were others with u for the call? The news is not going after Congress woman.  They're  calling u out for yr callous remark!
