Why would you "need" tax cuts with "unprecedented Stock Market growth?"  Think.
Think. #Tax cuts go to ALL taxpayers and job makers and is spent on job producing biz' instead of wasted on bloated inefficient government.
Right...now tell me what happened after the Bush tax cuts and Clinton surplus (i.e. great growth).

Here is a hint.

#GreatRecession
"Clinton"/Gingrich95' reforms increased economic wealth. Democrat malregulations of banks 1-forcing loans to those unable to pay=recession
We know you needed those tax cuts @realDonaldTrump #donaldtrumpissobroke
Hey there. So.. Tell us more about the stock market today.

The FULL verse that EVERYBODY is talking about! @eminem BODIED THIS! #HipHopAwards 
25% in my income bracket is about a hundred bucks a month Whoopi. I rather pay
Here ya go:
Read about it just last night on CNN.  You have to READ the MSM before claiming they didnt do something.
And you destroyed it with tariff wars.
Still need tax cuts for working class. You are padding the lockets of the rich...this includes you! Go figure...
Dow plunges 1,175 worst point decline in history - Feb. 5, 2018
Thanks @realDonaldTrump
Yes, it would be nice if Fox News reported the unprecedented Stock Market collapse...
Well that would be POSITIVE news which they know NOTHING about

The market and economy are on fire so we need a tax cut? DT is an imbecile.
Thank you Mr. President for all your hard work.
It would be really nice if you stopped killing people in Puerto Rico by lifting the Jones Act for a period that helped.
#FknMoron

Of course he and Weinstein are  friends. We have not forgotten these women.. have you?
Well here's a little known factthere's been 19of20 congress members expelled for support of confederacy are Democrats
Why so salty donny boi?

But Cheeto, wouldn't that make it "fake news" if the fake news reported it?  Then how would we know what to believe??  Surely your big brain can figure that out.
!
#MAGA #WAR
This the last months that Obama’s Policies Work Since you are CUTTING REGULATIONS THAT WORK #DepressionIsStarting and it’s your Fault Trump.
@realDonaldTrump wish you and I could talk. You have no power really except to DESTROY. That is your Goal Right? DESTROY All But Your Klan?
You mean the growth that started early in Obama's first term? We know all about it.
If everything is so great already why do we need tax cuts unless it's just for your rich friends to make more money of middle class?
They do and they give credit to the real reason it's doing well, Obama!
They do not know how. It would be admitting defeat.  They are warped.
It would be really nice if you shut up and resigned too..you're a TERRIBLE person and HORRIBLE for our country.

I reckon if you keep tweeting about it, you'll get those tax cuts!
Same here in the U.K. with the negative BBC News!!!! Brexit gets the blame but there is so much positive news that doesn't get reported!
Uh, they do report it. Every single day. The most liberal of them all has a program called Market Place, that reports it every single day.

It would be nice if you actually did your job
Hard to see need for @GOP #taxcuts when economy is doing so great. Seems like time is right for @DNC massive infrastructure bill.
You're doing a great job POTUS! Keep MAGA! USUSUS
"Things might look good, so let's do something to ruin it!"
Need food and water in PR
It would be really nice if @foxandfriends @FoxNews and @ainsleyearhardt reported this is literally the definition of sexual assault
It would be really nice if you'd step down and make way for someone who's presedential and sane enough to take care of the job.
Tax cuts! Also got our rising medical premiums- this needs fixed!!!!
Get over yourself and help people in need.  
https://mobile.nytimes.com/comments/2017/10/10/us/puerto-rico-power-hospitals.html …
Sounds like the stock market is doing just fine without tax cuts, Dollhands. What an amazing self-own!
The media has covered it.  AND given credit to Obama-where it belongs
Someone needs a patty watty on the back? Good little boy Donnie! Now run along and play
They do all the time. Just you’re the only one who gives yourself credit for the last administrations job well done. Make your own budget
I agree sir! Thats why they are known as fake news! They lie, they connive, they have lowest approval #, they are responsible for ALL HATE!
Thank you Obama!!!
"The stock market doesn't care what politicians are doing." ~ Stock analyst on evening market news show.
If growth is historic why do corporations need more tax cuts to be paid for by the middle class? Even your worshippers know you are lying
Try to go 1 day without using the word FAKE. Just try.
California is on fire, 80% of Puerto Rico is w/o power, & your entire WH is under investigation for collusion but sure, tweet about stocks.
Nero did a lot of GREAT, TREMENDOUS fiddling as Rome burned. He was such an amazing fiddler. #RomeIsBurning #StopFiddling
We have a spy ring in Congress.
It's not unprecedented. It's been increasing since 2009 recession where Obama advised buying stocks and bonds.

This graph isn’t very accurate. While the increment on the left axis remains $2000, the space between points gets smaller. Growth near top
looks different than at the bottom.



I wasn’t disagreeing with you.
It would be nice if you stopped tweeting.Take a poll.Your supporters find it juvenile & http://unpresidential.You  make me want my vote back.
You seem to be a devout #Christian from your TL.  May I ask what it is about #Trump that seems Christian in any way tht made u vote for him?
I don't know if he is a Christian.I voted for Trump based on his vision for America.He wants us to be great again. I want that too
We’ve always been great. That’s never changed. And why would a WOMAN support a serial sexual predator?
He is not a serial sexual predator. I don't believe something is true just because you say it over and over.

A Marine a flag and a lost job

A Marine Veteran was fired for
lowering flag on Memorial Day 

Remember ? @FedEx #HERO
who stopped liberal terrorists
from burning OUR flag!  

…

#ReTweet & Share if You
Will Always Stand for our
National Anthem    

  Floyd Mayweather
Defends President Trump

"You never heard anything…

#LilWayne Calls Out
#BlackLivesMatter
Terrorist Group …

THE NEW NBA LOGO

#NBA @NBATV 
@realDonaldTrump…

#ReTweet: to let law
enforcement officers
know you appreciate
the #work they do to…

Thank you Mr. President.

Keep up the great work.

…
Mr. President I think you need to go back and make sure small business is getting something out of this.
Hmm

What would really be nice is if you were impeached and led out in shame!
You are destroying Higher Education System in this country. It's obvious that you dont even umderstand why science and education is important. Stealing money from poor students is despicable.
You don't even taxes. . .how are you going to cut zero??? #ReleaseTrumpsTaxes
He’s planning on a refund!
Stock market results are reported every single day in almost all main stream media.  CNBC is devoted to it.
Buuuuurn.
Why does he lie about stuff that is so obviously inaccurate ?   It’s like saying the sky is green.
U R correct about CNBC of course, but nothing appears on MSNBC, CNN, or their nightly news. But keep on trying
That's utter BS;  both have a stock ticker chyron (sic?) running almost all day.
No, news sites don't, while you're correct about financial channels
C'mon.  So right this minute they don't have the ticker up.  You cant seriously tell me you never see DJIA/NASDAQ reports on cable news.
Don't watch cable news, end up yelling at TV, only TV news I use is local to see what's on fire & traffic.

What goes up must come down....infinity does not exist in the stock market...and then it will be all your fault too!
Lol.  Virtually=Not
The only thing Fake is your fake outrage at those who take a knee to rile up the idiots who support you.
whats true Trump laughs and jokes during solemn "Retreat" ceremony honoring flag  -#TakeAKnee is more respectful
If corporations are doing so well, why do they need tax cuts ?
Did you mean unpresidented? #Sad #FakePresident #FakeNews
Thanks Obama.
Here is you saying this is a bubble. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0zg_Cf4K4w …
#GFY
Still not in your wheelhouse
They have been! If you bothered to watch something other than FOX AND FRIENDS you'd  know ! It tells me that you are screaming about 'fake
Stop with this crazy mess
If the stock market is doing so well and the economy is humming along, why the need for a tax cut? If it ain't broke don't fix it.
It would be really nice if you got impeached or resigned from presidency by some miracle 
Grow up. NorCal's in a warzone with #TubbsFire #AltasFire & ur worried abt a so called #FakeNews story. Focus on what's important not ur ego
He can't.  He's got mental/emotional issues.  We must ignore him and impeach him.
Stocks rise as the U.S. dollar weakens, so...
If the market is growing why do we need tax cuts
Stock market is different than jobs and income growth.
It would be really nice if someone would break all of your fingers so you can’t tweet & stuff a rock in your mouth so you can’t speak.
And you’re involved how?
WT @WHOSTP44 DAYCARE!
And you just bragged about tanking healthcare stocks...so which is it, Donny? 
Hmm. I read, see, and hear stock market reports all the time. Maybe they don't put it on Twitter where DJT operates.
Why?
what did u promise them?
If corporations are making record profits – they are – then exactly why should the US adopt a gigantic corporate tax cut?
Because the wealthy aren't wealthy ENOUGH, of course.
Yes!
It would be really nice if you resign. You are disrespectful and a shameful blight to this country...
...your threats on the FREE PRESS will not stand. If you truly valued our constitution, & understood each amendment, you'd think twice...
...before opening that flapping hole of yours, spouting  absurdities, and continuously embarrassing this country.
America knows who you are, you pathetic Putin wannabe. Step down!
Why bother? We (almost) all know you don’t have a clue as to how it’s actually gauged, yet you keep trying to steal Obama’s credit. 
The US Dollar has tanked since you took office...check the charts son
is crazy as a mad hatter
They reported on your tremendous job loss. First in how many years? You must feel like such a #failure.
Obama's numbers
Thanks Obama. 8 years if hard work paid off. So glad you weren't wasting time tweeting
It would be nice if you just fire yourself you ain’t shit just got a lot of money. You the worst nigga living slim
your supporter see it Sir and others are starting to take notice as well. #MAGA #GodBlessAmerica
They are still working on division.  The shadows in the room must be silenced and ignored. Gods blessings to you.
If investors are making money already, why the fuck do they need a tax cut.

FEAR NOT!!! TRUMP T=TRUMP R=RUNS U=UNDER M=MARY'S P=PROTECTION
Our Lady's Peace Plan, Over Atheistic Communism...Family Rosary
I know, all they want to do is report on your abnormally tiny fingers and hands! Shameful! @nbc @nbcsnl @MSNBC @maddow @NBCNews @JoeNBC
On the tail of growth started under Obama..don’t worry; it won’t take you long to ruin a good thing
Everyone invested sees the results even if media won't.
It would be really nice if the POTUS would spare a word for the people battling for their lives and homes in the worst fire in CA history.

Is this a campaign of bellendery against the orange one?
It would also be really nice if you, as the fake president, would quit with the NFL and IQ tests and actually do your job.
I suggest @CNBC or @BloombergTV
think they have an obligation to report the truth
Yes! Now if only you could figure out a way to take credit for all of former President Obama's hard work.
PUERTO RICO!

RT if you agree it's time for the Administration to invoke the #25thAmendment-we will start RTing the hashtag once this is at 1,000 RTs 
Doing so well proves they can start paying taxes
Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, California...
Fake News...
It would be really nice to have a President who didn't lie, throw childish insults and threaten those who disagree with him.
Would be really nice if the fake president would ever actually do something besides tweet about things he had no effect on.
It's not because of you. You are a living nightmare.
Thank you Obama!!!!
That growth didn't start on election day MORON. It had been growing strong throughout Obama's term. Trump acts like he did something. @CNN
Thanks to your "Trump Bump",  I'm retiring two years sooner!
Your tax reform proposal is bad for every American, unless of course you’re a Republican billionaire. #TrumpCrapsOnThePoor
Thank Obama for that.

@Sw33tDeee end the fed! And the sky is the limit! #maga
Maybe you can get Faux news to make up an expert to support your claim.
Corp tax cuts and removing the estate tax both benefit you and your family not the middle class. Shame!
We have a president @realDonaldTrump that signs executive orders because he can't get anything done he has signed 50 executive orders #LOSER
You are unfit
Continuation of Obama's economy.
Our right to health care and birth control takes precedence to your Wall!
middle class not making money in stock market
How about the stock market growth for the 6 years BEFORE the election?

You say the same shit over and over and over. Your boring and you get nothing done
Thanks Obama.
is riding on @BarackObama 's successful Stock Market growth.  Give up and stop putting out Fake News.  #MuellerInvestigation  is closing in.
Thanks 2 President Obama 4 lowering  unemployment & heading the stock market to all time numbers. Thanks Trump 4 throwing out paper towels!!
It's been rising on a steady slope for years.
Trump needs the drama to distract us from the fact he is getting absolutely nothing done......other than extensive work on his golf game!
YOUR FAKE ACCOUNT JUST DID.
It’s not unprecedented
Agreed
Mr President media was a responsibility but today it is a business.
You've already forgotten about Puerto Rico, haven't mentioned the Californian's that are suffering and haven't honored our soldiers in Niger
The media reports on the stock market growth every day. People are glad that #Trump hasn't (yet) screwed up the growth trend he inherited.
Dude grow up and stop tweeting and be the president
The change in the value of one cannot be said to offset the other. Trump is comparing apples and oranges.
It would be really nice if you actually tried to run the country rather than bitch  about how everyone is really mean to you
Watch BBC Business Report.  RECORD HIGHS SINCE TAKING OFFICE
Why mess with a good thing?  Obama left you with a strong economy, try not to fuck it up...
Three Trillion..imagine with tax cuts and money brought back from overseas..a rocket ship like you said..not one from jim dog Un ..
Unprecedented???  Obama did it for 8 years...your 9 months is nothing!!!
So grateful for what Obama did for our country
Oh but of course when it was President Obama it was fake right?
This is a fake Trump I bet
Normal people look at the internet for how stocks are doing, we think for ourselves & realize you being sold out to big business impacts it
Not to corporations we don't
just like you hyped the #obama rally?
https://plus.google.com/102502871082073303432/posts/PB3N4LVLSi6 …
We have a president who doesn't realize he lost 33,000 jobs last month -- the first job loss in 83 months ...
they have, pay attention
Make up your fucking mind! Do you want the MSM to report on shit that happens or do you want to disband then. SMFH!!!
Go and do your job instead of wasting time on Twitter. The people of The USA deserve a real man not a clown!
If the market is having almost unprecedented growth, we don't NEED a tax cut bruh
Because of Obama.  You’ve done nothing.
Lost at another thing.
The business press focuses too much on Wall St, not Main St. A good economy is more than ROI, it’s all about buying power, wages, happiness.
