Republicans are so religious and christian and yet people on SSI disabilty cant marry if both are disabled. They get a marriage penalty.
Yet people on SSDI or other social security benefits dont suffer marriage penalties and that is not right or fair for SSI people.
SSI is welfare. SSDI is insurance. SSI is paid by general fund. SSDI is paid by Social Security fund. That's why.
SSI is paid by tax revenues and everyone pays that aka SALES TAX! So even people on SSI pay back into their own fund when shopping.
LOL Sales tax is used to fund the state budget. Disability is a federal benefit. SSI is paid by taxes paid directly on income.
Do you even know anything? SSI is funded from tax revenues aka sales tax. The same fund that also funds police, firemen ect...
US Treasury - federal taxes. It's a federal benefit.
Duh aka sales tax. Sales tax is what pays that general fund. SSDI, survivors,  full retirement ect... comes out peoples pay checks in tax
What number lie is this? The GOP Tax Reform only really helps the Top 1%. Their reductions will not #TrinkleDown because it never has.
The MATH says that with these major reductions something else has to go. Will that be Social Security, Medicare, Children's Services?
Not necessary. Calvin Coolidge fueled the roaring 20s with this same strategy. Wilson Fueled the Great depression I simply raising taxes.
Thank You for you input, but the Math doesn't add up. Most likely Education, EPA, Infrastructure, & HealthCare will go from loss of Revenue.
So as I see it our Children will be stupid, sick from pollution, have no roads to get to Drs., & will die because they don't have HealthCare
I love Trump
Yet they seem to think 735 a month works and more cuts can be made to poor programs that reduced the poor peoples already low ass help.
Lets see rich asshole republicans live just on SSI of 735 max a month. Lets see them live and get by only on that a MONTH. They would panic
You know what... rich republicans need to be taken from their luxury lifestyles and take all money away and put them on SSI 735 a month.
you are such a dope
If you resign, I’ll pay 100% tax.
Would Trey Gowdy go after the big Clinton/Obamislam ILK as AG? Maybe Sessions happier as second man instead of lead roll, results 2nd tear
I wouldn't bet on it candy corn.
You remain racist
Those pesky Dems... how dare they not want to give tax cuts to billionaires!
You better start raising some money to help all these storm victims
Senate Repubs are a joke. Only 10 are worth keeping. Throw the rest of those S.O.B.’s out with the swamp water!

Release #TaxReturns now.  At least for the last decade.  Without these you have no moral authority.
who does this #GUILTY as can be let's stop this now #fbi #irs used as weapons to help liars crooks bad politicians open border nuke giveaway
There are more important things than tax cuts right now. What is important is health care, basic human rights, you noticing that
But making the poor pay less in taxes would in turn help people afford healthcare right? And what are you talking about with BHR?
As long as they can be paid for DJT! 
Republicans aren't the party of free handouts.

@POTUS
At least he said cuts and not reform; truth spasm
The Republican Party also voted for a sexual predator
Tell them to tax that private company called the fed

The rep don't trust you
Resign, or wait until Mueller finishes his investigation & get impeached. Your choice. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/clinton-blames-putins-personal-grudge-against-her-for-election-interference/2016/12/16/12f36250-c3be-11e6-8422-eac61c0ef74d_story.html?utm_term=.b671894b5c0c …


LMAO
Tax cuts for the rich. Another Trump con game.
Another bald faced lie.
Can you pl let Mexicans come back
How do you plan to pay for the tax cuts? #BoneSpurs
Agree tax cut will be largest tax cut for wealthy. You are supposed to work with Congress not divide. Demicrats want stable economy.
Tick tock, Donald.
Says @POTUS as he’s trying to raise taxes on the middle class and poor while giving himself a tax cut.  Lying Trump strikes again. Lies+lies
Trump is lying about this being the largest tax cut in history and not telling you it’s only a tax cut for the wealthy.   =Bad for the USA!
As opposed to cutting taxes for the richest 1%??!! Go Dems!
Donny, your repeating yourself again and blowing off steam. Perhaps you should deal with the real issues facing the American people
If tax cut is a tax credit tied to hiring. Yes. Used to buyback stock. No.
To benefit those with earnings in millions. That’s the part you miss out.... I wonder why ?!
So much for worrying about the national debt...
You’re a disgrace.

@IAMConvfefe they had better or I'm with Trump and with Bannon's replacing every last one.
GOP needs to get on board.
They better or we'll vote for the largest incumbent cut in history
This isn’t true. You are trying to deflect from your own bad plan that mainly benefits the rich and could even hurt the middle class.
Unless you can read.
Can you read? 

http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/sites/default/files/publication/144971/a_preliminary_analysis_of_the_unified_framework_0.pdf …
Mike - Don't ever challenge a nasty, well informed woman. Well played, @MissVikkiV.
Get ready for another Yuge Fail! Tax Cuts for Yourself, Family and Friends, that would cause such chaos for the .. Doesn’t help.. 
Trump says the poor will pay 0 in federal taxes. Why won't you mention that?
Uh huh.. Since when do we listen to anything he says? Lie no. 1254 I’m pretty sure. Bot elsewhere thanks:)
Do you not know that the poor ALREADY pays 0 in federal income taxes? Trump says it will stay at 0 for the poor.
and they will be voted out of office starting Dec 12 w/ @GDouglasJones kickin #crazyroy's ass in #ALABAMA Then in 2018 we begin impeachment
Why don't people try to be team players instead of against the team? Wish obama would have been impeached but his nonsupporters had morals
Ma'am w all due respect: You could not be more deluded. Have you looked into the idea that you suffer from cognitive dissonance? Wrong team!
nah, i'm on the right team Trump not a fan of the evil hillary or obama
So the option is for the Feds to print more money. Right? There goes the national debt. Again.
The tax cuts are only for the rich.  My taxes are going to go up like most Americans taxes will.  Frankly POTUS shove it up your butt.
Hopefully, you'll get something done in a full year. @realDonaldTrump productivity = 0. That's great business! #sarcasm
The rich don't need a tax break. The Democrats are right to do so.
Nonsense as usual. Zero credibility.
Tell the names  to the traitors of the people for not vote anymore for them

No the Democrats will vote against massive tax breaks for the 1%
Pam big troll
They will because they benefit and have no scruples.  You are all corrupt.
Pinocchio  you know this isn’t true it’s the 4th largest
Please follow me
Republicans are only conservative when Dems in control. Not a word about all the debt they want our kids and grandkids kids to pay for now
You mean the debt that tripled under Obama?
Someone has to pay for GWs 2 wars waged on a credit card. What...you think that shit's free?
Can you give us details of the tax cuts because you haven't done this yet.
This is such fake news. The Democrats want what's best for the American people. You only want what's best for the wealthy.
Provide a good tax cut plan that helps the middle class and doesn't just trying to help the wealthy and I'm sure the Democrats will agree with you
How do you plan on reducing the national debt while also reducing taxes and also paying to build a wall? Something doesn't add up. Please take economics 101
Do you even have anyone in your administration who knows about taxes?  'Not paying them' doesn't count!
All we hear is you bragging about cutting taxes but you haven't showed us your plan!  Is this just like 'super easy' healthcare?
The American people want Trump to release his tax returns.
This would shed some light on how much of this tax reform is built to benefit himself.
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul Analysis: YOUR #TaxPlan would cost $2.4 Trillion & benefit big Corps. & wealthy most. #USA #Americans
Yeah? Show me how a tax cut will cost $2.4 trillion? 
Keynesian Commie econ? 
Show me how it doesn't benefit middle class? 
Show me
They cant show you of course Warren!! They will just come back with idiot liberal bull !! They are just too stupid!!
I thought Trump was a conservative, this is his bill.
Great great tax cut plan!! 4000 more per year for working people!! We'll take it Mr President!! Thank you America first!!
A person making 65,000 annually will get between -400 to 800 back per year.  Warren Buffet, retired, would get back 880,000 this year alone
Dont know where you get your info but they say 4000 for working families
THEIR GREATEST FEAR IS IT WILL WORK, MR PRESIDENT
https://www.youtube.com/edit?video_id=j4tqsHz8Cb8&video_referrer=watch …
#MuellerMonday u have Sanders telling children stories. Was that how u were told about tax cuts #Collusion #IndictmentMonday you are crooked
Large cuts for wealthy. Small scrape for working class. Dems support workers not winers

Papadopoulos
Yeah for yourself though
I’m a small biz owner. Why are my taxes going UP under your plan? Liar.
Because they want corporations that line their pockets with campaign donations to wipe out small business
Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts for Wealthy people in U.S. history.
Should be everyone else and higher taxes on the rich, but I get the sarcasm. My dad used it all the time, walk slower, I'm not going anywhere.
Democrats Better Pass the tax cuts !  They will all be voted out !
So long as it benefits you and your family; you are for it! All for you nonefor the middle class.
Hopefully when the Impeachment hearing Conclude the Senate can Vote for your 
Conviction .
Lame Duck  in 6 months.
You are a LIAR.
And you’re trying to push through tax savings for only the elite rich...like yourself...so please shut up.
Your tax cuts only benefit the wealthy. You’re throwing the country under the bus.
The Dems will vote for taxes that benefit American people, $ for infrastructure, health care, education etc. YOUR tax cuts cut ALL that.
What is the plan now besides leaving the country in debt after your BIG TAX cuts do y'all have a plan to reduced it too
As if that is a good thing
don't count on Songbird's vote
How about HELP ppl that deserve it, like ppl that work their asses off continuously for years and years
because wealthy people like you don't get enough tax breaks already... You are a liar and fraud... tax breaks going to rich people
Hope so. MAGA
The dems vote 4 tax increases because they r socialists & communists & immoral☆☆
Oh wow, that just makes you the less informed cliché . Locally. Don t get cocky
#CHIP has expired for 9 million kids
No the won't! Why do you stir up lies like that? You R ur own worst enemy. Just stop!
You mean fair taxes for the wealthy scum? The real white fucking trash?
For YOU and your friends. Only. Rest of us get...
#TheResistance
#Helping1Percent
Every time you sat TAX,  I wonder where your return is.
Praying your tax plan fails

I don't make $400,000/yr. I have a feeling your "Tremendous" tax cuts won't help me. Sooooo... not so excited here.
Your leadership skills are underwhelming.
Do you have proof? #maga
Largest tax cuts for the Smallest number of citizens. You and your lies are no longer believable.
This is your legacy taxes and with Jerusalem
Yeah we got it you guys hate trump.. yada yada.
You do not deserve a tax cut sir. You have abused people on your way to your fortune. You are a not a leader you are a user.
For many years the Dems have been trying to create class warfare by causing a division between the rich and everyone. Follow their rhetoric.
All but John McCain , Mr. President. John McCain  a pretend republican. I hope the people of his state votes him out next election.
Tax increases on the rich and corrupt businesses. Thought you were draining the swamp?


The largest tax cuts for the rich in U.S. history, carved out of the hides of every working man and woman in America.
your tax returns?
You’re one big bloviated blowhard. I’m sure you will be doing time soon. Hopefully, your family and administration will go down with you.
 Liar
DELOUSIONAL..FYI trump you are a legend in your own mind only
No,  Democrats just won't vote for a tax plan where the only tax breaks are for you and your rich buddies.
Yep.for those not paying their fair share..like you.  You're not cutting middle class..you lie by not telling the truth.  Lying is ur lang.
Republicans hate you. The only reason they are not more vocal is because they want to get re-elected.
You need the tax cuts personally. Your wealth is withering away - just like your brain!
Why?  The economy is booming, remember?  Let it be!
maybe you think you are right，but  you are wrong.
I just don't understand how we will get paid more or this makes new jobs. My boss says he will buy a new car & vacation to europe.
Democrats (Socialist) legislators want the people to be ENSLAVED!
Aw does that scare you you might have to pay some taxes
Not happening. Sorry.
Your propaganda is getting rather stale. Only those lacking morality still support you and your nonsense.
Tax reform is a load of crap.  #ImpeachTrump
Tax cuts for your rich buddies that will only serve to increase the deficit? Trump has no idea how taxes should work. Sad
You have no interest in protecting the majority of Americans, because the majority of Americans didn’t elect you.
Strange how many Democrats voted for tax cuts under Bush and making them permanent under Obama, oh you’re just lying again, never mind.
Giveaway to the Rich....#Amendment25
You know GB’s was bigger and it took the whole country into a recession?
For you and your rich buddies.
Tax cuts for you and your cronies, you mean.
If they don't, .@LindseyGrahamSC knows the MAGACoalition will clean up .@GOP
#MAGACoalition
For you.

Dont let me down Donnie
A cut/revision to our tax codeis so important to our nations economy that a Republican only bill is doomed to failure. Must include dems...
What so Trump doesn't have to pay taxes....we all know that is your end game. Your a huge lying tax cheat.
Don't count on John "butt-hurt" McBackstabber...he's totally worthless.
My vote still goes to Trump next time!
proof?
Will result in the largest Federal Deficit in our history.
You know if you were in PR or Adv. -- well you just stuck at it.  Read your tweet --  really? @SenateGOP Nov 2018 with your buddy
More division.  The majority is not on your side!
Tax cuts for the rich is what you want and screw the middle and low class.
Democrats are lazy but most of all reflect nazi ism. They want to enslave everyone.
They will if it benefits the majority of their people and not the majority of your people.
You might want to keep those taxes after all the catastrophic events taking place.
So far you as  President, aswell as JFK,  & Reagan have proved democrat economists all wrong. People need to look at & respect truth & facts
liar
Cognitive behavioral therapy can be helpful in treating people who are pathological liars.
@realDonaldTrump of course @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats want a tax increase, they need that $$ to buy the freeloaders votes. #holdingthemback
Your tax cuts are only for the rich. Your presidency is, and has always been, about lining your own pockets. America is not your piggy bank.
I can see through your smoking mirrors. You are such a liar and a con
Tell me again how much you and your swamp will benefit ?
Don’t you need tax revenue to fund government spending? Cutting big companies taxes would raise the debt would it not?
I sure hope this gets through! Against all odds, passed all obstructions, I hope it makes it! It would be 1 of the best tax things ever done
The largest tax cuts going to the fewest people. Your tax plan is a lie and a fraud upon working Americans. #FakeReform
Did someone wake up on the wrong side of the bed this morning? #WhinerInChief
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP #REPEAL OHELLSCARE! #CUT #TAXES Get on #AMERICANTRAIN #TRUMPTRAIN OR STEP ASIDE FOR SOMEONE WHO WILL!!
@cnn Trying your best to buy us out!  So ruthless; so sad
Yes, because you need to pay less taxes and your friends need to pay less taxes while my rate goes up and my deductions go down. #EAD
Lies,LIES & more lies. You're only giving tax cuts to the wealthy and increasing for working and middle-class.Liar in cheif,#resign
Who's going to pay for all your expanded war machine?
You want tax breaks for the rich, dems want tax increases for the rich.
creating the largest deficits in US history. Despite your opinion, we’re not stupid. You’re a miserable failure and disgrace. RESIGN! @CNN
FALSE STATEMENT
For the rich yes. Make sure you tell the people the entire intention.
Republicans cut taxes, bankrupt the USA then they dip in to SocSecurity that belongs to the people that paid in to it - NOT YOUR SLUSH FUND!
The largest tax cuts in US history which GO TO THE RICHEST PEOPLE. Taken from the middle class and poor of course. U aren’t fooling anyone
Hopefully they will vote your impeachment soon!! 

Include the Republican when they vote for the tax’s cuts, they will be voting for a trillion dollar deficit increase.
Democrats = Big Government.
LOL! No, they won't.
