Let's make a trade. Their voter registration in exchange for your #TaxReturns.

#TrumpRussia #Emoluments #WhinyLittleBitch #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Where's your taxes????? What are trying to hide yourself??? You Psychotic Hypocrite!!! 
#LiarInChief #PussyGrabbingPotus #DisgraceTheNation

It's called privacy mmmmmkay can we see your tax returns ?
You won't release your taxes!! What are YOU hiding President Hypocrite?
Their tax returns? Wait-
Why don't you grow up?
Fraudulent election and corrupt admin. Nobody's above the law. How's Flynn and Manafort today
You have been exposed as the second coming of Nixon -
Hmm. Good point. What does @KrisKobach1787 have to hide?  Kinda strange he demands the info and yet won't release his info right?!
Nothing even remotely related to you is distinguished...
You are fake news
What are you trying to hide? Distinguished ?! Don't you know that no one believes a word you say?

Sadly we are afraid for you to have that information.
You let me see yours and I'll let you see mine
You are the fraud. A small scared coward in a big man's job. You are being laughed by the leaders of the world. Pitiful
It's because you want to be a dictator.
most Americans are against blatant voter suppression tactics like this.
Unlike you & your corrupt banana republic administration, these states are protecting the rights of their citizens as they should.
Release your taxes. What are YOU trying to hide? #LiarInChief #PutinsPuppet #Resist #NotMyPresident
You of all people understand the value of privacy. BTW where are your tax returns? What are you trying to hide?
USE FORCE !!!!
THEY ARE NOT HIDING ANYTHING - THEY ARE UPHOLDING THE LAW.
Where are your tax returns and what are you hiding? You are a fraud. #DonTheCon
This,
One question: If @realDonaldTrump asked for your address, SSN, birthdate, political affiliation, & voting history, would you give it to him? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/881137079958241280 …
NY is hiding nothing, Cuomo has better things to do as a real politician. #FakePresident
Maybe they're following the law... protecting their citizens.  Something your admin will not do.  Where is your private data??
Enough with the conspiracy theories. You are sick. UNFIT!
@realDonaldTrump I will be making a formal request to Rhode Island's SOS to relinquish voter records to Federal fraud panel this week.
Thank You the information they want is already public knowledge.There is voter fraud ..and high in a Sanctuary City like Providence
The government already has your SS# we pay our SS through payroll. Let's see how many "voters" are dead or illegal with a stolen SS#
My ...what a big strong man you are..NOT
Sorry sweetheart....WRONG
Very distinguished? More like very disgusting. Kris Kobach has a record of rampant voter suppression.
Trump knows he & the GOP have to keep cheating to keep winning. Gerrymandering, Russia meddling, voter suppression barely enough last time.
Desperate to stay in power, Trump-led Republicans are moving forward with their most discriminatory, shameless voter suppression effort yet.
Name 1 American citizen who has been denied to vote!  I'll wait!
Emmet Till
Distinguished doesn't mean what you think it means

The Troubling History of the Most Racist Politician in America
Dear Mr. @POTUS • That's because they know you will misuse that data to disenfranchise legitimate voters in order to hold onto your power.
Still waiting for Alabama to do the right thing for constituents & refuse, but ths is the home of Jeff Session so not expecting citizens 1st
Well when all the other states complying show massive voter fraud the ones not will have to comply
you mean like the 10 single cases of voter fraud since 2000? good luck
Well, if you're fiscally conservative, what's the amount of money you want to spend to find each case if they're this rare?

The POTUS is refusing to release his tax returns to the very distinguished AMERICAN PEOPLE. What is he trying to hide?
This literally says the study was by an independent think tank LED by conservatives and libertarians. This is propaganda and lies
(And reported here by the Wash. Times, SM Moon's yellow journalism  rag.)
You want my personal info but I can't see your taxes?? Boy bye...
Arkansas didn't see it that way...
How about sticking to the present we are talking abt trump. Obama isn't the president.
I was talking about the fact that Arkansas handed over all the data
So is Texas, it's complete BS. That's private information. If I can't see his, he shouldn't see mine
Michigan partially complied.  I thing they should have told him no.
TAX RETURNS
jonh, Hair Cut!! you need one!
Your "distinguished panel" wants states (http://gizmodo.com/trumps-election-fraud-commission-asked-states-to-send-s-1796535568 …) to send sensitive voter data over UNSECURED EMAIL!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Voter fraud, eh, Trump? Now that's a rare subject you know something about.
It's not the federal government's role to manage state elections. 

Stay out of this arena @POTUS, you'll do irreparable damage.
Well Cali is already so dip in shit because of the cheating liberals we will never have an honest election.
If Californians want to live in a socialist pit, so be it. It's none of our business to tell them how to live. Just don't subsidize them.
You miss the point of my comment. Illegal elections.
I know.

Virtually everything California does is unconstitutional, illegal and unethical. 

But we don't have to live there. Let them stew.
Uh, no. There were like 4 confirmed cases in 2016. This is beyond fake. Also, more white ppl are on welfare than any other group.
After this administration runs our country into the ground, will you blame that on @BarackObama too? The whole world is laughing at #USA
Actually, the world is laughing at our insane, inept "President" disrespecting his own country and its citizens. Nice try, though.
That's World Leader arriving in a Muslim nation. Host states tailored their show to the visiting leader so they put on a circus for a clown.
Sir your goal is superb India always with you on every ethical aims Try make indoamerica great
Election INTEGRITY? 
Trump: YOU ARE A JOKE.
Let's see your tax returns. What are you hiding.
if you WON'T give the people access to Your tax records, U are the fraud - not our reps protecting the people's rights!
Very distinguished indeed! Like @KrisKobach1787 - very trustworthy? Reliable? No thanks! FAKE NEWS! #KansasCleanse is coming your way!
Awesome!  We need to get to the bottom of how you were 'elected'.  What's next, your plans to build a wall around Florida?
Like you hiding your taxes?
Yes let's give you haters the names address and last 4 of their SSN so you can send your intimidation troops (your base) to their door.
You have no friggin right to have our personal info FU!!!
They are "hiding" voters' privacy from totalitarian maniacs.
Glad #GOP is finally standing up to dangerous games of #potus45 & admin.
They are NOT trying to hide their distrust of you and your people who are asking for the info
Public data- produce it or w/holdfunds=Dems worried that #"s=so large of voter fraud that Again Dems w Egg on their face -Data please
@realDonaldTrump . The same exact logic applies to your tax returns.  What are you trying to hide?
Almost no such thing as voter fraud, dummy. Election fraud, yes...voter fraud, not so much. , eat 
Makes one wonder what you have to hide, where are your tax returns? One can surmise is that you have lot's to hide.
your panel is bogus and so is their mission.  There was no fraud. you really did lose the popular vote by 3 million votes.
Where is your taxes Trump what are you trying to HIDE ????
Pardon me Donny but now would be a good time to release those tax returns. What do you have to hide?
Your very distinguished citizens want to see your federal income taxes. WHAT COULD YOU BE HIDING?
5:41 PM · Jul 24, 2017
The same thing u are by not showing us your income tax 
Hypocrite
That a bunch of illegals voted for Hillary
Take them to court!!
or maybe they're trying to protect our freedoms and privacy unlike you to register and vote for whoever we want #resist
Give it a rest! As POTUS you have better things to think about!
But you said you'd show your taxes if you got elected. What are YOU trying to hide?? Hmm! Inquiring minds want to know!
They are trying to protect the American people from con men like you. You are a #NationalEmbarrassment.
The constitution gives authority to each of the states regarding the voting process.  We are a republic and not your toy.
That's the exact same things that cops say when they pull you over and try to search your car. Protecting civil liberties isn't hiding.
Numerous sitting U.S. presidents are refusing to give their tax info to the distinguished PEOPLE OF AMERICA. What are they trying to hide?
U won't rel. UR taxes yet you want citizens to give U with their SSN, birthdate, political affiliation, & voting history #doublestandard
The way I read it is, a request will not give you the info. You must be the highest bidder to get the information. MAGA
Quit wasting taxpayer resources on nonsense!!
I think it is protected and private information. Not for other people's eyes. 
Your taxes?
41 States are not complying because they don't trust you.
Our personal information is not your business!You work for us!This is not a dictatorship!And where are your tax returns?What are YOU hiding?
You call it the VOTER FRAUD PANEL. Careful, your BIAS is showing.
Illegal voting tactics!
They're overstepping their authority, Boss.
You really can't handle the fact that Hillary got 3 million more popular votes than you, huh? You won, but your ego won't let that go. Sad.
How thick headed are you?  The answer is their data from you.
Good for them. What are you trying to hide Trump. There was no voter fraud just misinformed people voting fir you
You haven't released your tax return. What are you trying to hide?
Why the hell do u want to expose all of our private information? Are u selling it to Putin? Are u rounding up people that voted against you?
Obama cheated and that's how he won the election especially the second term.
It is YOU that is disgusting!  What do you want my data to be used for your dark deceptions and manipulations.  You are no
The privacy of every single registered voter in America, you absolute traitor.
One POTUS is refusing to give [tax return] information to the very distinguished American citizens. What is he trying to hide?
What are you hiding in your taxes?
Commission said they'd make info public, last 4 ss# & DOB shouldn't be made public. Honor privacy Change the request
Dang really?
Illegal voters of the Pro Democrat types and some Non-US Citizens.
Maybe protect their registered voters from identity theft, and misuse of their information by politicians?

Nobody cares anymore if you want popular vote get over it my god you're worse than a five-year-old child Who doesn't get his own way
Says the guy who doesnt turn in his tax returns.. dildo
Why don't you release your tax returns?  What are you trying to hide?
The request is illegal.  Violates the Paperwork Reduction Act.  Wasn't approved by OIRA.  Not very distinguished.  SAD  RESIGN

We are not going to be part of your organized plot to make it harder for Americans, taxpayers that pay your wages, to vote. Go get a life.
They're trying to hide: illegals, dead, felons, incapacitated voting; voting multiple times in multiple jurisdictions. They're also ... 1)
you mean very disgusting fake voter fraud panel, right?
What are you trying to hide?  Where are your tax returns.
You are so full of crap.  If there was voter fraud it came from your side. Why don't you grow up and admit you lost the popular vote?
44 states at last count. We're going to punish the other 6.
C'mon T-Rump, YOU won't even release your tax returns, but U wanna publish my voter info, SS number, DOB & party affiliation-R U SHITTIN ME?
the election is over Move on already, you should spending your time doing your job rather then just talking about nonsense
The fact that you continue to waste taxpayer dollars in an attempt to bolster your ego illustrates that you are the FAKE
What are you trying to do? Your admin has not earned our trust, neither have you. 44 states have refused, you may want to rethink.
Where are your taxes and why don't you do something about the Russian hacking of our election? What are YOU hiding?
The election between Bush and Gore was planned with Chad paper ballots so we can bring in digital voting machines so we can rig the election
In what world is your panel distinguished?
they aren't hiding anything--they are respecting the sanctity of a SECRET vote.
Says the guy who won't release his tax forms
Ummm....thier privacy......
40 States won't give it to you-worse than your popular vote defeat
You are a beast; wild, violent, not very bright and in love with only yourself. Pity for you.
where are you taxes? What are you hiding??? Conman. Putin puppet
Income tax returns from Trump will be his demise
44 of them to be exact. Hiding our personal information.
Are you serious right now??? You start first with releasing info.
They are doing the right thing and keeping private info private.
To protect voters from ID theft and to prevent voter suppression.
44 States have declared their Independence from your illegal request - - Respect their rights as States - or you are a true FRAUD!
Thats rhetorical right
Impeach Trump 2017
Because some of what you are asking is ILLEGAL for them to provide & can't be sent via email. AND your voter panel IS A FRAUD.
the thing that really disturbs me is that when I went to vote my ID was not checked.   Every voter should be checked.
You do realize there are many domestic violence ppl who want to hide their identity/information from their   Predator. Hide info-stay safe!
What are YOU trying to hide?  Release your tax returns!
Yet you won't release your taxes. What are YOU trying to hide? #FraudPresident
Distinguished if they support you fake news if they don't a pattern develops methinks
EVERYTHING FROM YOU!!!
THEIR TAX RETURNS!!!
Our private info from your FAKE PUTIN PANEL. Hey, by the way, where are your taxes?! What are you hiding?
Kobach?
http://www.dictionary.com/browse/distinguished?s=t …
Where are the absentee ballots?
YOU refuse to provide your tax returns. What are YOU hiding? #FakePresident
You are the very last person I trust w/ my social security # & its non of your god dam business who we vote for!the MAJORITY didn't vote 4U
Goodness gracious, I can't believe they would do that over something as petty as basic privacy. /s
They're doing exactly what they were elected to do, protecting our rights to privacy and a free democracy unlike @realDonaldTrump. #RESIST
their taxes?
Go get 'em.
I just LOVE that 46 states are standing up to you and saying no!
Maybe all the illegal or duplicate ballots?
What are YOU hiding by not releasing your tax returns
What are YOU trying to hide by not publishing your tax returns? The People want to know
Let me guess, Dem states!
There was so much voter support for Trump they couldn't control the election.
Privacy.
They're trying to hide their citizens' personal and private information from a despot.  (That's you, in case you can't figure it out.)
Distinguished what?  Because you say so?  The Distinguished Donald Trump. Har har har har!!!!  See, I said it, but you're not distinguished.
They are trying to cover-up voter fraud.
Why do you need to know what party people are registered for? You show up last 20 yrs of taxes I'll drop my info of the next day....dick
Kinda like you refusing to show us your tax returns. Funny how that works.
Voter rolls from you, #traitor #trumpsky
What r u hiding in your tax returns?
Uh, personal information of Americans? What are you hiding? I know you can't say in just 140 characters.
Nothing! Trying to save us from You That info is wanted for voter suppression & fear.some of us know what you're doing.#25thAmendmentNow
They're trying to hide my personal, sacred & very private information that I don't want made public for all to see. I have every right  to >
What do you have to hide Trump?
Answer: hiding this info from you as it becomes clearer every day that your only care as President is to get reelected. United STATES. Shame
Yo
Snowflake: You lost the popular vote and cheated to take the electoral college. There's no voter fraud.
Good question:
what is #Mississippi trying to hide from Kris Kobach?
No need to investigate unless they R Russians. 
Trying to keep good peoples names out of your database which you'll hand over to Putin, and give to Kushner & Ivanka to sell their wares to
What r u trying to hide? Give US your tax returns!
@Louisiana_sos comply with the requests. We have no place for voter fraud in this country. Expose it! If nothing to hide.... no problems
They are trying to hide that THEY VOTED FOR YOU!!! YOU ARE A POOR EXCUSE FOR A HUMAN BEING!!! WHEN YOU GO OVER SEAS, DON'T COME BACK, CLOWN
Instead of trying to find NONEXISTENT voter fraud, try strengthening our voting system so RUSSIA CAN'T HELP YOU WIN ANYMORE! THAT'S WORTH IT
You won't turn over your taxes; what are you trying to hide, Lord DampNut?
There's no voter fraud. You won the election. Stop being a sore winner.
