I have a blue check mark so I thought I'd respond so more people see my account, k thx
I also just ate a box of triscuits, let's just say my Saturday is getting hyphy
Is that #ketosis approved?
Ever think of  a bipartisan approach?
I thought no one was better with 'Dealing' than you, "believe me".
Shake ups are good when good people are the result!
End the leaks.
GOP is Democrap lite.  Time for a third party.
Yes because you can't come up with anything better!
And 85% of the people are happy that they are. What is your problem that you can't accept what the people want. Do you have dementia?
I guess when it completely falls in on our heads they'll fix it. Excessive premiums and high deductibles.  Unaffordable care act !
You are the leader causing it to implode!

ACA-scuse me?
This is EXACTLY why people dislike politicians. They talk talk talk & never take action. President Trump will DRAIN THE SWAMP! #MAGA
YES WE ARE NOW IN THE SEWER
I LIKE MY FREEDOM
NO DICTATOR
YOUR ABILITY WITH FACTS IS SCARY
Why aren't you working
Sabotaging healthcare is the way this asshole is going to hurt Americans bc he didn't win.
Far from the worst thing we are being forced to live with. #45 #socialmediadisgrace

We are still being forced to have you at the helm of our country.
Just let it implode!
Aren't you golfing?
Tell the people why you signed executive irders in your first week in office to cripple Obamacare?  You're making it fail intentionally
It's  imploding because you and the GOP are dismantling it moron!
You are ruining healthcare but also destroying America!
We are forced to live with you so there's that.
The only thing that needs repealing and replacing is the President of the United States.
Trump's presidency is imploding. We are seeing it live on Twitter.
Our 45 Presidents of these United States:
It's that last one that needs to be repealed and replaced. America is a beautiful country, not a circus.
If you close the Obamacare Loophole on the Senate and Congress being exempt from Obamacare they would understand the urgency.
...because you failed to deliver.
The only reason it works less good than it should is because you're doing literally everything to sabotage it. Just because you hate Obama.
If ObamaCare is really so bad, why are you so inept you aren’t able to come up with something better to replace it?
I think more people of this country would rather you Implode?
a good opportunity to strengthen ACA on a Bipartisan basis. You will get credit for fixing it.
Luckily. We will only be forced to live with you as #pos I mean @POTUS for a few more weeks.
Drama queen throwing a hissy fit. Stop trying to make it fail
Drain the sewer!!
Do you honestly not think there's something wrong with you?
Did @lisamurkowski , @SenatorCollins and  @SenJohnMcCain hurt your wittle feewings?
@SenateGOP and you failed because there are just enough @GOP who chose to represent the American people over the health insurance industry.

WTF? Has anyone tried unplugging him, waiting 30 seconds and plugging  him back in?
Wouldn't work ... he needs a total factory reset. Wipe out the whole damn system 32 file


No one believes you, Ivan.
Heinous policy + despicable, unprecedented tactics = Trumpcare going down in flames.
That's why it failed. Not any bigger reason. The GOP plan was awful in every sense of the word.
People *like* Obamacare. It polled 3 and 4 times more popular than Trumpcare ever did.
You're clearly having the worst week of your presidency, a mark you top weekly.
Sadly, we will be able to say that about "worst week" almost every week until #impeachment #25thAmendment or #Resign
So far*
move on and drop it no one wants to here it any longer about repeal&replace your like a cry baby get over it.
The ACA literally saved my life and I only have to pay $500 out of pocket for the serious medical attention I needed. #idontseeyoudoingit
500 out of pocket.  You do pay premiums, right?
You know nothing. In spite of your sabotage it's doing really well.
Obamacare Implosion greatly exaggerated https://nyti.ms/2p3PygA 
yea isn't grand getting Obamacare Replaced will be an ack of God and you not him.
sí, es una máquina de matar bebés
That you exploded... wow.
Also, an imploding President!
This only shows that Democrats look like bullies making us keep a hc that is killing us 
After six months, we're forced to live with a loser President
It took 8 years for obama to take America down to the sewer it will take 8 years to clean up his crap, hang on for the ride of your life 
What’s your solution!
#repealandreplace
We are also being forced to live with imploding YOU. This is a much larger problem.
No, the problem was imploding democrats into progressives into NAZIS...
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with...
ACA  isn't imploding even with Repub attempts to kill it.
don't you know anything repeal or replacing anything takes alot of time rush it and you may cause more damage and leave many witout insuance
Love to you from me. You now ho i am.  Honeybear. 
Guess we should just let it implode.
I lost my benefits when my job ended due to a back injury. Trying to find affordable insurance for my family has been impossible.
After 7 months of the "Trump Presidency" the people of our great country are still being forced to live with Imploding Trump Administration!
And reaping the rewards of the highest employment rate that obama cared little about. #libtard
Why did Australia turn you down for a casino as well? Mob ties?
By you pardoning Arpaio why should any Democrate work with you on anything you want you really messed up.
Term limits
Sorry ass crooks both sides
Go trump
Remove the subsidy from the swamp's benefits & watch how fast O.C. gets rpealed
Mooch didn't realize repeal and replace meant anyone Donnie hires.
... because the lame-ass Republican pretend President and Republican Party are ineffective, pathetic losers?
Then FIX it, not repeal it!
You're the traitor causing it to implode by not upholding the law!  What a loser you are!
Ever notice Trump is always being personally attacked and yet nobody attacks his actual policies. No facts just invective.
If Trump did nothing for the next seven years he will have appointed Gorsuch and reduced illegal immigration 75%.
Keep working at it. Many Americans don't have a clue about Obamacare. Give them a look ... Link it.
if it weren't for #republicans #obamacare would have been what it was intended. Your party (of choice for now) has raped the american people
That's why, stop money flow
Yes, because you can't fix it,  you want to make it worst, you want to punish the poor and make the rich richer. Learn, listen and act
@realDonaldTrump NOW force Congress to do the same! Rescind their exemption!
After 7 years of talking, you'd think the Republican Party & so-called president would have a plan, but they have none. So they failed....
Trumpcare=Hatecare  Let's call a tax cut for millionaires what it is. Not one positive or compassionate thing, just BULLY TO GET THE WIN.
Mr President get the government out of health care! That will make the premiums go down!
It's not really called Obama care. HOW RUDE #SAD
Imploding only due to a will to hurt people and not properly funded.  Republican Hypocrisy! Your companies suck and so do you!
Empty promises with no real policy ideas. Just like Trump.
Good job 
REPEAL Congress' Insurance Subsidies!
Right, they should adopt your plan that will put 23 million off insurance and give you a tax cut.

People are dying because of this ? Just because the name is Obama care just change the name simply .
Maybe because they did the math already did math that Universal Healthcare is the only way to Make America Great Again and are waiting...
Ignore the second did math. That was a typo.
It's NOT imploding- YOU are!!
You're the one who promised 'better coverage and better premiums!' Where r ur great ideas? Have u developed mutism? More likely Alzheimer's!
Not imploding, just has the wrong name, right Donnie?
Because you can't come up with anything reasonable to replace it.
Executive Order to Stop Mandates please!!!
While you sabotage it !
Stop trying to kill poor people.
It is a shame! Most people just don't know how bad Obamacare really is! We need insurance like Congress gets! BETTER!
Your election promises are. D.O.A. Tone to move onto the best blunder, the next failed promise. Flipped Rep, no faith in the party anymore.
Then #DoYourPh☆kkinJob #DrainTheSwamp #Repeal&ReplaceObummerCare & END #MarijuanaProhibition
@Scaramucci #assclownmucci when #douchetrump was tweeting about #replacing well there you go!  #embarrassment all of you
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." Thomas Edison
Yeah yeah but living with you as #POTUS is worse believe me, bigly believe #WH is imploding! #fool get your head out of your ass
After 6 months you are terrorizing the world. I take ACA over you any day!
A helluva lot better then what you proposed! Resign now please0
I still think we'll get rid of Obamacare very soon in the future and a time comes we will get rid of Obamacare
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH YOU COCKSUCKER
Obama Care is better than no insurance that a lot of us people had, especially with health problems. I'm thankful for obamacare.
Shame on the #Senate and especially #McCain
When  most trump supporters lose there health insurance theta will wake up
the 22 million or so people who will lose insurance under TRUMPNEVERCARED don't see it like you do ! you are living in an alternatereality
Let it. Democrats can explain then. 
senators, directors, communicators, of our great contry!  What a pitty MrJohn Kerry! 
Lies
Helluva lot better than being forced to live with you, Dumpy!
Well what you offered as a replacement is not good enough! Listen!
They will be nationalizing pensions and 401Ks next.
I see u r not so great at making deals after all.
Give the people the better healthcare plan that was promised instead of trying to force crap.
@Scaramucci You guys are truly Hero's I mean 3 2 1 #baddaboom
#AnthonyScaramucci be like  "Hey Mr #President Are you full of #Beryllium #Gold & #Titanium ? .Cuz you're BE-AU-TI-FUL baby "
Blah blah blah. Bullshit jargon that says nothing; means nothing;rhetoric 
Ow! My leg hurts! Must be Obamacare! NOT!!! Obamacare isn't hurting me at all. Which people of our great country are you talking about?
wake up Don, "They"... that's your GOP, own it or you're FIRED.
If we're forced to live with Ocare, then they should be too! End their exemption. What's "good" for all, should be "great" for Congress too!
Forced? We were forced to accept you as CinC aka #liarinchief #3millionvotes #keeptheaca
Yay! My patients are so happy they have great care thanks to the ACA. Thank you President Obama! America misses you.
@2016Bionde
@POTUS you mean sabotaged Obamacare. #ImpeachTrumpPence #PutinsPuppet #TREASON
It's all @TomiLahren fault. Apparently she is benefiting from Obamacare and won't give it up. #NoOneLikesYou
Ask McCain for his replacement HC plan. Where the hell is it? He had 7 years. NO is apparently all he is capable of.  Time to retire.
Because the Republican government you lead, who hold the house, senate and executive never had a plan and now can't figure one out
WHAT A SMALL LITTLE MAN IN ALL WAYS
If you want Obama care gone it's called an executive order simple and blow up North Korea while your at it
Make congress go on "Islamacare" they will change their minds.
The only thing imploding is the White House
@realDonaldTrump Donald your just like a jealous girlfriend "Babe get rid of your previous ex girlfriends things"
"With imploding ObamaCare"
The only thing imploding is your head -- the thought of a move from 1 "dump" to the another must b terrifying.  Lol.
The only implosion is you, on Twitter, with your hourly toddler meltdowns #evilcheeto
And...loving it!!!
Talk is cheap except when it comes to adding to $20 trillion in debt and continuing to plunder taxpaper $. Get serious.
Where is that great healthplan you promised to all americans? Were you lying like all of the repubs? Yes
ACA is a blessing for me. Needs reforming not repealing
Lie
With each successive tweet, you demonstrate how very little you actually understand.  @realDonaldTrump
You cannot stand to lose can you?  Now - try to work with Democrats.
An awakening comes when u verify what u hope isn't true. Dims & Rep live 2 lie (some exceptions). Caught n blatant lies. PPL r awake now
People will die without health insurance. Canada could give you tips
QUIT SABOTAGING ACA & allow it to be FIXED! UR Sick Obsession & Jealousy of @BarackObama is DISGUSTING! Get over him & @HillaryClinton
The function of Obamacare is revenue enhancement. They couldn't leave 1/6 of the economy alone. They go where the money is.
Stop
@Scaramucci Drop health care debate.   Want 2020- focus on jobs, economy and safety.  
BECAUSE Your a MORAN! You blame everybody but yourself instead of golfing, you should of  helped make it happen?
These #trumpertantrums are boring. If only you could put all this petulant energy into something positive... #presidentingishardyouguys
Yeah because it,s good. And you are not the boss it seems ..hhhh obsessed covfefe
Screw you Donny
We are drowning in monthly premium costs, Mr President!!! My health insurance cost $650 a month for a Bronze! Worst ever
