Not Today, Cheeto. How do you feel about Guns Today? The gunman walked right up to a Republican and set you all up to be Shot. Feel good?
Oh - And It wasn't a Muslim OR a Mexican! NOW WHAT? Must have been the GUN.
And a Statement about YOU.
From now on- since Trump supporters call anything they don't like fake news, I'm going to call them Russian bots regardless. Why not
Damn right.  Knives and a truck used so let's ban trucks because people can't be trusted with them.  The law abiding can walk can't they.
You’re embarrassing
Lol but it was true
Imagine if they had guns. Your deluded!

Fact:If we didn't have guns in America, we would have been invaded a long time ago. We will nevah give them up. Let that sink in, libs.
Instructions for you:
1) Don't like your own tweet 
2) Legit hang yourself after unlocking own tweet
****unliking for fucks sake
LOL sea you seriously need to chill out, geez 0.o
Incapable of just being a compassionate human without bringing it back to and your nonsense agenda. True narcissis in its most pathetic form
Dread to think what the death toll would be if it were easy to access guns here in the U.K.
They usually use homemade ied's moron
Way to keep up, old man.
What an embarrassment you are. Have some dignity, get off your Twitter account and do some work. #covefefe
Run, Hide, Tell American Style!
If they had ready access to guns then the results would have been far worse. Surely you realise that?
How many die in the US every day by gun violence?
That's only because unlike us England has this thing where they have a gun ban that's why there's no gun debate there
Dear ignoramus, the reason they likely didn't use guns is because they are very hard to obtain in the UK; try using the Google next time!
One day later...disgruntled former employee kills 5 people
#Trump continues to make a big deal out of an issue he has no way of changing. Take #freedoms then what's his excuse when people still #die
#PunkAss45th
You, Mister Trump, have no gun, no truck, no knife, but still are a danger for the whole world!
I'm proud of our president! Do your reaserch! It sickens me to see how ignorant some Americans are. NO RESPECT!
Poor little Putin's puppet. If the terrorists had guns, we'd be mourning a the deaths of many more victims.
Trump to sign an Executive Order that will ban knives and trucks, citing weapons of mass destruction.
That's because we are all armed cocked and ready.
Oi mate it's because guns are illegal there
It is very easy talk about guns when something like this happens. But let me remind you that every year in US a crazy kid goes to school...
...with a gun and kill like a bunch of students. There are more deaths caused by guns that lunies buy more easily than candy, than...
...extremist islamist terror. I'm not saying terrorrism is not a problem. I'm just saying selling guns like candy to everyone don't solve it
And i think you Mr. President. Are taking advantage this very sad moment to improve the popularity of your fear politic.
Imagine the death toll if they could get guns instead of kitchen knives.
While the people grieve let's not make this a political thing. Who cares what they used we need to protect innocent people from cowards.
I would insist that the terrorists are buried with bacon. Take away their motive of going to heaven.
They could've killed a lot more ppl with assault rifles
Right!!
Maybe cause UK only has about 3 guns, dummy!!!!
Use tragic events to push your tainted evil agenda? I can't wait until you're removed from office so we can be great again. #IMPEACHTRUMP
Sand trap
Orlando gunman who killed 5 had no terrorist links, hmmm, maybe you should rethink that gun debate comment.
Respectfully, Mr. President, poor leadership example to capitalize on people of London's pain to indirectly promote anti-gun control agenda.
i supprt the nra. I would rather be nervous with a friend than be killed!
U r a small fraction of a human being,sir, but I say... if Tweeter prevents u from remembering u have the nuclear codes then use it away.
no sir,it is b/c they r strict on gun control,but I do like having mine around
Yeah. Which explains why the body count isn't as high as every campus shooting you guys keep having. Get some gun control easy D.
London citizens know... "DONALD TRUMP WE LOVE YOU" #OneLoveManchester @POTUS  https://twitter.com/GoldingBF/status/843137525728378886/video/1 …
London hates your orange Führer.
REALITY VERSES LIBERAL DELUSIONAL FANTASY!
Did YOU notice that we never have to have a gun debate in the UK, because murder (especially with guns) is still really fucking rare!
The right to keep and bear arms is a right we inherited from England. It is a preexisting right that traces back to the Glorious Revolution.
Yes but we grew up when given more knowledge of the impact of guns, America sadly did not.
If guns were to be banned in the U.S, there would have be a constitutional amendment with 2/3 support in Congress. Not quite easy.
Always lots of excuses!! When will the US tire of killing each other?
When the NRA/affiliates/manufacturers stop making shit tonnes of money from selling guns to Americans. 
I see you’re from Australia (great country) but you could always move to US, run for office, and implement gun reform.
They did the same here in Aus in '96 after 1 mass shooting. None since. I lived in US for a bit. No thanks. Too many guns+no will to change!
Is now a better time to have a gun debate?
What about now? Is now a good time? @MMFlint
And now? Is now a good time? I’m really unclear on the rules that you’re following
Now? Is now a good time to open the debate - it seems like the right time
And what now after Texas shooting? Protect Mexico with your wall please!
Right !  Thank God we have you in the White House ! You tell it like it is & speak the truth. Thank you Mr. President !
Tell that to the thousands that die from guns each month genius!

NEW: Fox News Poll show strong support for stronger gun control 

Which has zero to do with the need for a gun debate. Almost 500 people were murdered in Las Vegas.
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!...
No they don't
Oh, I don't need to sell people something like you as beeing a gun lobbyist.
The only US president that ever understod the reloading period between 2 gunshots as a period of Peace..
Fool!!
To use a horrible terror attack to push your pro-gun agenda is beyond abhorrent. Abhorrent- inspiring disgust and loathing, repugnant.
Says the liberals who always push gun laws when there is a mass shooting.. ? What's the damn difference?!
It wasn't a mass shooting. The exclusions in your travel ban would have still let them into USA. Your point invalid.
Radical Islam needs to be disarmed , not people
Good point, just ask all terrorists to give their weapons back and all "good" people are allowed to keep them? Wake up
That's what I meant, you can't take peoples weapons while  Islam is not contained . It's a set up!
That incorrect as London shows. Terrorist have no weapons because people don't have any.
Well they are giving a good reason to never give up guns. I'd rather have a gun in a knife fight
So in the end more people dying is better because you can have a gun fight??? You are setting wrong priorities.
Oh my gosh this is getting lost in translation , never mind.
Absolutely, you are feeling safer with a gun, I feel safer without. Difference: Numbers show I'm right while you believe gun lobbyists.
Should we have a gun debate today? #Alexandria #SFUPS
Did you notice that an assault rifle would have caused far more deaths. Go ask parents in CT.
@RandPaul Why do we have a 2nd Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the gov when it becomes tyrannical!
Compare the number of dead in the London attack to the 11/2015 attacks in Paris: 8 vs. 130.  What was responsible for the difference?  Guns.
@DrEricStrong @jasperblueeye @realDonaldTrump Automatic weapons are illegal in France & Belgium, but terrorists still used them! #GunControl
http://cbsn.ws/2sfvAjy 
So, with today's events, you're ready for a #gun debate right now. Right?
You do understand that if they'd had guns, more would have died? And guns aren't as easy to acquire and carry elsewhere?
So you agree, UK's strict gun laws save lives.  Good; now I presume you'll move to toughen gun control in the US?
..... ... ......... ...... .
And if the UK had Americas gun laws? How many woukd be dead? Why do you think so little terror attacks happen here in the UK? Your a grown
Man, your the PRESIDENT of one of the strongest countries in the world. And your busy making rude and insensitive tweets.
Those tweets by the way, are just one of the many reasons why you are mocked worldwide. Your the reason America is a laughing stock.
Is that suppose to make it better. Really that is your logic
How about now? #Alexandria #SanFrancisco #justtoday http://www.cbsnews.com/news/how-u-s-gun-deaths-compare-to-other-countries/ … oh yeah, nevermind @CBSNews is fake news. @FoxNews rules :-/
that's because they have gun control. which is why they don't have a mass shooting every couple of months. like us.
Yes! so glad they only had knives. Imagine how many more people would have died if they had guns.
Perhaps you're noticing the Americans are having quite the gun debate today.
Teen accidentally shot twin brother while trying to shoot snake. Liberty County Texas.
Horrible, gun should not have been available 
We could start knife & truck debates too. I'm game for that. How about debating whether human beings should kill each other at all?
Meanwhile, ~100 people were shot in the US yesterday. And every day. Perhaps you should be having that debate afterall....
Now surely you must be ready to start your #GunDebate, no?
Hieren a líder republicano en la Cámara de Representantes en un tiroteo; el agresor ha muerto http://ow.ly/TNLD30cAYqE  
throws who break laws dont care what laws are made they will still kill regadless of laws see ca dc strongest gun control laws dose it work
How about now that congressmen have been shot while playing baseball? Can we have that gun debate now?
YES BECAUSE THEY ARE LOSERS!! AND COWARDS
Better for all that they were only able to use knives - American shooting attacks with white men wielding guns are always far more bloody.
130 people shot in Paris because they had guns only 8 in London we don't have guns #potusamoron
Islam is the Operating system of Humanity revealed by God theough Prophets. Today you are on the side of Pharoah and Are trying to demolish
around Houston a 16 yr old was shot walking and a pregnant 19 yr old was shot and baby didn't make it - we NEED a gun debate....
but you should be, 241 Americans have been killed by guns since the attack...... 241 Americans killed. Where is your outrage at that?
Pathetic. Do you even know HOW to be an adult? I'm so ashamed that YOU are our face to the rest of the world
So as President you're talking about guns in an attack not here in America. See folks, control over your emotions, your money, and fear. SH
What about Orlando. Didn't hear much from you about that.
C U Next Tuesday
Be armed, or be a victim, America! The right of the People to keep and bear arms shall NOT BE INFRINGED!
quick reminder: GUNS killed 8 Americans the week before the London tragedy, but you had nothing to say then.
How Donald Trump Shifted Kids-Cancer Charity Money Into His Business via @forbes
Obama's DHS believed that White gun owners are the real terrorists.
My Lord, imagine how many people would have been gunned down in 5 minutes IF their gunlaws were as lax as ours! Horrifying!
shut up ffs! thats a ridiculous thing to say
@realDonaldTrump: Did you notice we are not debating filet mignon in truffle sauce? That's because we're eating spaghetti amatriciana.

They had to use knives and a truck because they couldn't get hold of guns. Imagine the carnage if they had & had returned police fire. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/871331574649901056 …
Iran and North Korea a threat for protecting their national security, sanctioned. Qatar, paki, Saudi openly supports terrorist, an ally?
Do you realize what a child you are?
You have been nominated and have WON the award for the stupidest person on this planet!
tomatoes tomatoes
This is all fake news and we know it so please don't tweet in response to today's hearings.  Don't feed the enemy's agenda. #MAGA
Hey @realDonaldTrump... should we have a gun debate now?
Is now a good time?
Mr. President do you have a clue as to what is monitoring your tweets ?
9/11 they used planes!! More obvious shit from the Moron in Chief
You are NOT helping your pro 2A friends nitwit.
We need>>>>
Knife control Law
Motor Vehicle Control Law
Candle Stick Control Law
'Scratching head' "What am I missing?"
Don't forget chairs! The citizens who threw chairs at the terrorist because LEO R not armed would be prosecuted here in US
Thoughts on this statement today after the terrible incident in Virginia you piss-eyed tango monster?
Idiot
Can we have that gun debate NOW?
completely agree Mr.Prez. Even if u could remove all guns they would find somthng else.u should allow more open carry to prevent mass shtngs
Hey Donnie, did the the perps use knives today?  #Resign
... and? You better start vetting gun owners right now! That would probably help you on your travel ban case.
How true
In its bid to lobby the U.S. administration, the Saudis spent about $270,000 at Trump's hotel in Washington  In the pockets of liars always
Good thing we didn't have that gun debate #WashingtonShooting
That's because of the super strict handgun laws in #USA you wackjob
How about now?
Agree. So glad they didn't have guns. Imagine how many people they would have killed if they had easy access to guns like in the USA.
this is an official statement from the president of the united states.
Maybe today is a good day for a gun debate?
Are you for real?
Americans have your back Pres. When their on Satans side. Wear light wear.
I guess we are having a gun debate again 
Ok how about a gun debate now

Are we ready for that gun debate now?
So do you still think that #GunViolence is not a issue in the #United States. I guess the #Gunman used HIS #SecondAmendment choice today
What's your ignorant point, Lying Trump?
Because the gun debate is about Americans being out of control, not foreign nationals #trumpfail
I notice all of the liberal comments and snotty liberal rebuttals...  sorry us conservatives have not responded.  We were working.
And to think a president would come out with some nut azz statements, its weapons of convenience nitwit..dud
people should have right to proteck with out fear going jail or being sue sivle cort if person is acking in good faith to proteck
Just because it's not reported on Fox news doesn't mean it's not happening... You're the most ill-informed "resident" ever #notmypresident
Some tweets are timeless.
Happy birthday, half your twitter fans are robots.  PS THEY DON'T VOTE.
I guess making it difficult to access guns and ammo (like they do in the UK) works!
Yes which harmed much less than an automatic. Oh wait. You couldn't see that from behind your quiff and lobby machine. Shame on you
Actually we are now! #orlando2017
The Gun Debate is for #USA how many people DIED FROM GUNS THIS MONTH #GunControl #GOP
Is it because guns are harder to get in UK?
Why No "Gun Debate" In Chicago?
GOP members shot...want to debate guns now?
People who are blasting you over tweet need to put their big boy and big girl pants on - you were not being insensitive- just honest!
If all you "celebrities" hate the POTUS, so much why the fuck are you all following him on Twitter?
Yes, guns strictly controlled, fewer died.  Good argument for gun control, thank you - finally, something sane in your tweets!
That doesn't even make sense you ignorant dolt
His logic dictates that if everyone else had a knife & a hire van, the attack could have been avoided, the stupid orange twat.
