donations of more than $90 million came in for it.  Obama only got $94 Combined elections. That says it all!
But the B-Street Band...seriously, how do you lose a cover band? Just saying...

Having fun while watching the circus Donald Trump brought to town, sure we suffer as a country but at least we see traitors
Oh wow you got 3 Doors Down??!? How did you get them back from irrelevancy in 2002? Hahaha!! Your inauguration is a joke just like you are!!
This is so great now we get our Country back 2 real AMERICANS!!!!
sticks and stones may hurt my bones but liberal moans won't hurt me! #POTUSTrump #infowars
2 more sleeps to shut the Libs up Mr. President. You have fun! Love it.
Really? Did you get any stars to play? Last thing I hear was you didn't really have...stars.
We will be watching from Texas! Wish we could attend!
Honey, those busses aren't coming for you. The real event is the Women's March. Over 10x more. Get a kid to do the math.


it's gonna be yuuge
You're fake news
more protesters booked in hotels than guest #resisttrump
#unfollowtrump
a real dignified event many are saying there will be Russian crack whores shooting ping pong balls from their couchies.

bought and paid for
cannot come soon enough
Oh, what, you got the Bearded Lady to perform now?
.@realDonaldTrump Yes, dear, we know the date and city. And we know your expectations are low from all the trouble booking anyone to sing.
.@realDonaldTrump And we're all so excited for Jackie Ivanhoe! Fun fun fun!
I'm excited to see just how much you SJWs lose it watching Trump get sworn in. #MAGA
Who's watching?
Will there be Golden Shower? As no A-class celebs will be there and u are C-class celeb yourself.
The left trolls are in full force they can't help themselves with all the whining and crying.  Jan 20th! 
Get Charlie Daniels Band
You know we're only coming out of obligation, as are the Bushes. & Obamas. None of us want to - but we can't be petty AF
Are you deleting that part of the oath that says you will preserve, protect & defend the Constitution of the United States?
line up looks like a State Fair, will there be Corn Dogs?

can you ego handle the disappointment?
Great news! Can't wait until you are sworn in as President!!!
nobody's coming to your stupid inauguration! #NotMyPresidentTrump
like the Republican convention? That was going to be big celeb event too and all we got was Chachi. 
At a dollar of 114 yen, Japanese cars will crush down on American cars. It should be 70 yen per dollar.
Abe forced the yen to depreciate in an illegal way, forcibly increasing exports from Japan and reducing imports to Japan.
I wish you'll give a speech like this: 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=w8HdOHrc3OQ …
duts
looking forward to it and to your presidency. I know you'll make America great again. God bless
北京欢迎你！*^_^*
where's my invitation or am I supposed to hang out on M Street like a homeless person?
I'm so excited.  Said 40% of the country.  And most of Russia.
Party at the Harris Families, Thank you President Trump
u mean the protests? Those will b fun to watch
there will be more protestors then supporters that's why D.C. Will be so full of ppl
Ass
Have joy, celebration and gladness in safety and strength; offical start of leadership earned by overwhelming US vote!
You're a joke Mr. Illegitimate President Elect!!
 Dear diary..............
I heard the hotel's in DC are getting alot of cancellations,once the winner was announced. You can get a room now for 300.
Remember all these Senators who did absolutely nothing 2 save a job creat a job but did everything 2 loose millions of jobs
So excited! But also afraid of protestors & potential violence. Hope Secret Svc & police will control the idiots.
Dream on. No one likes you.
- the protest march the following day will certainly be bigger than your 'fake' inauguration.
We will be celebrating a new Independence Day and a new era of America First..Excited to see the great things to come! #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
Beyonce, Bruce Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Sheryl Crowe, Stevie Wonder, U2 > Toby Keith, Mormon Tabernacle Choir, Rockettes
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/scalpers-losing-money-tickets-trump-inauguration-article-1.2947620 …
#FakeNews. @realDonaldTrump
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
I think you mean "Inauguration Day *Protest*", @realDonaldTrump.
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
No, it just was a bunch of asswipes breaking windows, burning cars and throwing rocks at police and being uncivilized...typical leftest BS.
They are so butt hurt..we had Antifa greeters here In texas
So strange seeing everyone hanging out in a park with guns Cool  but strange
Was just a bunch of good people tired of the direction this country is going. Granny was there also. Zoom in on the ratio on her arm..WE THE PEOPLE...
A safe day to be in a city park. Filled with armed patriots.
what did it? Jennifer Holliday dropping out or booking the guy who sings about plastic cups?
Too bad Fred Trump didn't back out of that whore who gave birth to Donny.
Wow! Who hatched you????
But you lost; you know that right? By almost 3-mill votes, over 2% of the vote. Very UnAmerican of you; U R minority rule.
umm. The reason for the electoral college is so EVERY state has a vote he won 31 of them. Go back to civics
How many paid seat fillers you get so far? From what I'm hearing, not too many. Can't even pay people to attend!
It was my dream that I will be there. But my dream will remain as a dream forever. Best of luck, my prayers will be with u
So few people are coming you had to offer free tickets...  Desperate Trump Offers Free Inauguration Tix.   PATHETIC!
I'd rather gauge my eyes than watch the bigliest biggest misogynist accept an oath he doesn't give af about
#usanotrealitytv
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
cant wait to see the inauguration! America has been praying for this day. And the obamas are out of the White House!!!!
I'll be working.  Wearing black
HopHope
A lot of your performers have backed out and there's going to be a LOT of people protesting you!!
Begging people to your inaug w/free tickets cuz of apathy abt you? Unpresidented!
wish I could be there for U Mr President Elect ! I will stand for U here @ home ! God bless U &your family
we are heading to D.C. Thursday! I booked our flight and hotel in May! That's how confident I was that you would win!#MAGA
count people 4 n against u n u'll truely have record crowds
Still waiting to receive the tickets to the Inauguration.
It'll be the same as any other day...24 hours!
No it's not buddy...
EPIC FAIL!
Donald Trump it's was a lords prayer that answers ur presidenship in U S A, 
I pray
U pray
Family pray 
May I be part of ur
Have you considered Jewish Christian singer Marty Goetz for the inauguration? (Know you'd appreciate his politics, too : )
Remember we are 12 hours ahead of ESDT...
Is that why you're begging people to buy tix?? 
Neka je sa srećom.
the best part of the day will be when you are sworn in as President of the United States of America.  All else is fluff.
fake day for fake people
you wish, donnie
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
#Can't wait #So excited # Wonderful time for our country #Enjoy this day Mr President ! #This is your Day !
you won't have 1/4 of this crowd.  #SAD #LOSER
How many people are you paying to attend your illegitimate inauguration?
FAKE NEWS!!!!!!!
You just lost cover band. Looks like "The Boss" gets more respect. You would have stiffed them anyway. LOSER..SAD
It's HIS so it's BIGGER.
Your expectations must have been even smaller than your tiny hands.
It'll be the best day of traffic in years for DC. Everybody's staying home...
big like........your "hands"?
It would be bigger if you were legitimate.
Only because more than half will be protestors.  I would be scared if I were you.
Do U mean bigger than UR INFLATED EGO? Which personality will show up for the inauguration? I'm boycotting U, millions are!
Good to know your expectations are realistic.
no it's not... Saturday is the big day..
I LOVE IT
Do you have anyone left to attend????
G
merci beaucoup mon président moi ton fans que dieu te protège
Trump incites violence
Really? I've never heard of so many sane people refusing an invite!  You'll need to hire more hookers to fill the seats.
yet your crowd was so small in comparison, and a decent number of the puerile at yours were there in protest
right that's why there is ample dresses available and only 200 bus permits!  Obama had 1300 buses! #illegitimatePresident
I'm on my way, Mr president-elect. Only 3000 miles 2 D.C. I'd luv a tkt 4 ceremony/ball on Friday.#ProudAmerican
did you get Nickelback too?
Where is Put in sitting
and bigger as in more space. #droppinglikeflies
There are only so many plate spinners you can have on one stage...
I am so glad U deserve it! U are one tough Man God bless you!!!
I'd rather eat ma ain shite
You mean the spaces between people attending, don't you? Because yep, those will be huge .
#noonewantstobethere
I wish you a great blizzard!
I wish this was a National Holiday!  We should all have the opportunity to be here for this great event!
You know that is a lie.
with one big name performer. Well done. You did it. I won't pay attention to the next four years of your shit
just like you-always gotta be bigger & better-You don't care at all about the middle class or the underdogs in our country
its blackout Trumputin day on Jan 20th. BOYCOTT BOYCOTT BOYCOTT BOYCOTT!!!  Womens march on saturday. Far bettr turnout!
Did you know they used to be called “Jumpolines” until your mum jumped on one?
3 Doors Down. So relevant. You really know talent.
hi thanks for all
LOVE IT
The Womens March on January 21 will make your inauguration look like a little girl's tea party with her dolls.
only in your head
sure, coz most of us are not gonna watch
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
about 200 buses are expected to arrive for yours and 1,200 are reserved for the day after for the Women's March.
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
JUST WATCH YOUR TV-RATINGS and compare to OBAMAS INAUGURATION.
I will not be watching at all.
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
I’ve been called worse by better.
Congratulations  President Trump. So proud to call you My President!!! GOD Bless you and your family and staff!!!
YES! TV will be on all day - to my HBO channel. I enjoy DT meltdowns & looking forward poor ratings. Show who you are!


opps wrong one .. here ya go 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsYJyVEUaC4 …

wish I could go. Congratulations President Donald Trump. May God protect you. Our prayers are with you.
Can't wait this will be the most exciting day in history
record crowds huh wrong again!!!!! 
keep living in your pretend reality  the folks with the pretty white jackets will help you soon

#MrPresident, don't worry about us! Look out for our cops, military, we will be fine!
I'll be there with my family, stay safe and god bless you for doing all this.
LIES.
Sad, no good performers, dress shops overloaded with extra gowns, dignatories boycotting, smallest crowds expected in years
how much did you have to pay people to show up? You purportedly paid some to show up for your pre election speeches
I'm literally crying.
Given your perception of the size of your hands, are you really the best judge of whether Inauguration Day will be "big?"
muppet
Hoping YOU enjoy it as much as we will!!!
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
I think you are going to be surprised.
Illegitimate Nazi racist Russian collaborator and traitor
Wrong
Why don't you give the tickets that were for those who are boycotting the Inauguration to members of the armed forces
Americans are praying and waiting Inauguration Day!
scalping tickets PT BARNTRUMP?
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
sure. You can't give away inaugural tickets. Scalpers are getting scalped because no wants to go.
Counting down.  We need leadership in DC!  MAGA--asap!
Human rights violations to read brain waves in Japan are done. please help me.
eople across the world, protesting the inauguration of Donald Trump. 55 marches have been planned in cities worldwide,
I hope that it will be a happy inauguration for everyone there.
哇呜
RIOT!
Tomorrow is my birthday and I am willing to delay it for a day to get the best gift ever!President Trump will be awesome
always a circus!
Don't you mean "a bigger flop" than anyone could have ever imagined? Go back to playing with you money & leave US alone!
only in your dreams it did
