Time to get criminals off of our streets period @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
RT @foxandfriends: .@Suffolk_Sheriff praises President Trump for making gang eradication a priority https://t.co/uNY7jBh...
No, you're right, I never heard a thing, but I quit watching the news 9 years ago!
Including undocumented immigrants who r hardworking with clean record, never in trouble with the law, pays taxes etc is part of that "gang!"
President Trump. Please roll back ELD regulations Hurting Commercial Owner Operators!! Large trucking companies want to decrease competition
We're running 35 truck and this is really gonna hurt, us and the consumer, Rates will have to go up with less loads being able to be hauled
DJT Doesn'tGive aFuck AboutEradicating GangViolence.He's GoingAfter MS13 B/C TheyR Tied2 Immigrants.WhatAbout theCrips? WhatAbout theBloods?
forget crips and bloods, what about white militias and neo nazis?
Thank you Mr Pres & AG Sessions for Protecting all of us from such dangerous criminals, Tucker Carlson also did a good show on MS13
HE IS A REAL SWEET HEART
It's time for the Feds to move in to Chicago & arrest, deport, or imprison EVERY CRIMINAL which is an illegal! These guys will destroy you!
'Rahm'--protector of illegal alien criminals risking the safety of every citizen of Chicago! Is he also for rad Islam? Makes you wonder!
My tweet seems to have vanished - Think Suffolk Sheriff and Officers deserve thanks and credit, not Trump. Rather late priority in my view.
Too bad he's all talk and no action. He won't get a damn thing done here or anywhere else.
And, was I dreaming or weren't you at first putting pressure on the police to do ICE's job, rather than increasing number of agents?
The effect Trump's "help" is having is questionable.
Personally, I think the Suffolk County Sheriff and his Officers should take the credit and thanks. ...
Police Criticize Trump for Urging Officers Not to Be ‘Too Nice’ With Suspects
"As a department, we do not and will not tolerate roughing up of prisoners." SCPD said after Trump speech @SCPDHq
also, again, he seems 2 ONLY talk 2 (July 28, 2017; 17:40 EDT) #FOXnewsus #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
,...but the movement 2 ban ALL immigrants is DEEPLY TROUBLING (July 28, 2017; 17:40 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
ok "gang eradication" is good..., (July 28, 2017; 17:40 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Golly, Define Every Urban Male As A -GangBanger- ..." Eradication " ...Isn't That What Hitler Did To Make Those He Hated Go Away ?
Texas is overloaded!  This is a huge thank you for making this a priority!
@realDonaldTrump @Suffolk_Sheriff @FoxNews lol yeah fox gonna keep u out jail right?
THANK YOU Mr. President!!!!!
And police departments and unions will not support your roughing up prisoners.  Not a joke.  Just another stupid remark.  You never learn!

Hope @POTUS will Pardon Joe Arpaio
After he condones his speech telling police to be violent with offenders. Forget that part @Foxandfriends?
Same thugs Obama consistently let into the country and didn't deport after they committed violent crimes - they ran off the sanctuary cities
The President knows what he is doing. He's always been brilliant, and he still is brilliant.
If we deport them, we will see them back.  Send them to live in Saudia Arabia with the Muslims.
I wonder if there is a person in the WH who's only job is to tell Donald someone praised him today. Like a baby with a bottle.
#FireHannity
Wow I am from suffolk county ny. We love Trump here!!!
I have leaked info he was paid to say it.
So Happy, foreign gangs we don't need. We have enough of our own. "Bloods, Ganster Disciples, etc.".

Russia’s  Influence  Campaign Targeting the  2016  US Presidential Election to help @realDonaldTrump from @ODNI_NIC 
https://adobe.ly/2fdQA5s 
But he's all for gang banging Ivanka!
 And then you had to go and spoil it all by saying something stupid like..police brutality is fine
You're doing good POTUS.
I hope he start with his family and loyal associates first. The Trump gang is the most dangerous to America.
Yeah get rid of them. I'm already tired of their lying, selfish asses.

@realDonaldTrump @Suffolk_Sheriff @FoxNews 
That's not true

What has president done to rid gangs, yell at them through twitter to get out or stop? Nothing, that's what he's done,same answer every time
...and after his vomiting speech kissed your hand and licked your ass. Hope you payed well.
Oh yeah this should def be priority over healthcare, homelessness, & gun violence. Real smart, Trump. Real smart
Menawhile...

@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @JaySekulow @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump #Brennan #McCabe #Mueller #Comey #Wray #DrainTheSewer #Awan https://twitter.com/forpotus45/status/893148190274400256 …
How MUCH are you PAYING FOX NEWS 2 sing your praise! Either that or your BLACKMAILING them! What do you have on the CEO some SEX SCANDAL?!?
That dangerous clown.  I'd be ashamed of him supporting me.  I really would.
lmao ppl wont praise him even when he does right because they hate him so much
#IMPOTUS
#IMPOTUS isn't my coinage but keep pushing it. He hates it. #SanctionsBill 
He wants to eradicate gangs cause he is the only gang leader a hole.
So much spite and nastiness below about your President. I hope they'll remember that when they realise they're benefitting from his work.
How about you start with the BIGGEST gang of all and end the FED?
Good pivot. Couldn't eradicate the swamp, so plan f. Keep trying Lil Donnie

Congress Calls For Criminal Investigation Of Obama, Comey & Lynch. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECBQlRVlc_I … 
Liar.  Never happened.  Fake news just took a shot on your bald orange head.
Is this before or after you defeat ISIS. Longest 30 days ever!

Fox & friends is promoters for destruction of USA! Anyone who supports the Devil!
Fox News = Fake News
Feed 15 million hungry US children, and these are legal children counted
Hahahaha! That's funny! Can't believe @realDonaldTrump or anyone working with him! Liars, cheats, low life's! #weak #unbelievable #liar
You're going to eradicate the U.S. Senate Drug Cartel & Human Trafficking ? I can't wait for that to happen, but don't think we don't know.
Cowards. Why not tweet the rest of the statement on police brutality   Fake news fox
Sounds Great
YOU CANNOT DENY THE OPINION OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. #NOTFAKENEWS

@realDonaldTrump @Suffolk_Sheriff @FoxNews why not send draft dodger @TedNugent tednto get rid of them lol.
 what a joke
wow stupid sheriff
MS13 gang members killed auto dealer in Virginia associated with Awan
Fox and Friends is easier to watch, cause they don't use big words or facts or reasearch. I'll bet you like them too.Your FoxFriend, Pickle
T
When it's only brown gangs.... Ugh
That helps others
You are literally the most unliked president in HISTORY. Obama did more in first months while all you have done is wipe away regulations
Legit the only president who needs praise to heal his wounds 
On another issue IRS laws unfair:charged interest and penalty from 2014 yettoldme of problem on 12/2016 and final resolution on6/2017!!
It's always been 30 something. We have to out vote them. Join hands tribes.
FAKE NEWS
Eradicating gangs is great! We need to
Eradicate the empowered ones that
Run the gangs
Start with your own! #NepotismGang
I guess that's it for the Clinton and bushes right
Only the brown gangs, tho.  He still loves the white supremacist gangs.
As the rest of the law enforcement community condemns Trump for advocating police brutality.
I NOTICED FAKEFOX HASNT MENTION THE FAKE NEWS THEY MADE UP ABOUT A DEAD MAN AS HIS FAMILY MOURNS HIS DEATH.  FAKE NEWS. SPINNERS. VERY SAD
FAKEFOX NEWS INVOLVED WITH RUSSIA  FOXFIVE, "HANNITY",  THEIR CURRENT BIG BOSS AS WELL AS THE PREVIOUS COLLUDING WITH TRUMP.
Trump and Fox - makers of FAKE NEWS, harming grieving families, self-serving narcissists

@realDonaldTrump @Suffolk_Sheriff @FoxNews
The US ought to intervene to free Venezuelan people from a cruel narcodictatorship
U MUST pardon our sheriff joe arpaio. Did rite for AZ but anti O policies.  I don't like ARPAIO  for other reasons but UNFAIR
SESSIONS IS ALSO GOING FOR POT GROWERS. HEROIN, COCAINE, & METH SHOULD BE HIGH PRIORITY. NOT SITTING DUCKS! DO SOMETHING HARD! WOOSIES ALL!
SO WHY DO U HAVE SESSIONS GOING 4  LGBTQ & DISCRIMINATION OF WHITE PEOPLE? AFFIRMATIVE ACTION WAS ENACTED SO PPL OF COLOR\WOMEN GET A BREAK
Do you have any positive articles that are not from "FOX and friends". They are not a real news media! They recycle lies and twist things
Gangs in suits & ties. The moochers.
Right police had to turn away your roughing the prisoner and Boy Scouts had to distance themselves cuz you are inappropriate in every way

...and ignoring the real issues of gun deaths, right wing terrorists and Russian aggression.
Round'em up and move'm out
We all know FOX is GOP propaganda, but after the despicable Seth Rich reporting, the FCC should revoke their license
Your COLLUSION with Fox re: death of Seth Rich is another sleazy act by you. You are such a despicable man who touts Fox FAKE NEWS! SHAME!
#ObstructionOfJustice is obvious. Should #impeach now #trumprussia #treason investigations and hopefully indictments will follow, NO pardons
Android App Development

#HAPPY 
Each Day I WAKE UP 
I remember our Blessings 
She's Not In Charge…
Sure FOX praises all lies and wrong doing and lawlessness like the Rich Fake story. Fox is not credible on reporting  the news.

Exhausting to see a POTUS lie,break the law,act irrationally,undermine democracy & disgrace US every day. GOP,you know you agree. Impeach
Just another proponent's tool to build the wall & widen the racial divide
Just read USA deport regulations. Before deportation the origin country must accept! What country in their right mind would take MS13 back
My concern is we can deport but how do we stop them from coming back! Illegal rapist this week caught after 20 deportation

2 ordinary citizens /3
wonder there are so many police shootings. When the POTUS gives them cloudy signals it endangers their jobs and lives and the lives of /2
You wonder why there are so many police being shot? Because of Obama's war on police. Trump is pro police. Don't let facts get in your way.
Makes gang eradication a priority yet you praise and encourage law officials to endanger their jobs by ignoring the rules and laws. No /1
The left ignores all the rules then projects it on the right.  That's why Trump is president and will be for 7 and a half more years.
Fox. The true fake news.

The DWS/Awan Scandal may be the biggest in decades, yet the media spent only 27 seconds on it.
ICE needs to respond faster both in answering the phone & getting agents to the scene.  Imagine how much fun a dead or alive reward would be
Dead or alive, just like Jesus taught... right, Rev?
Still talking about yourself in 3rd person?  Get help while you still can. #unhinged
THIS JUST IN: One white supremacist praises another white supremacist for giving him the power to be a white supremacist! More at 11. 
He's also made collision with Russians and covering up for his son a priority as well doesn't mean they're good
your other sheriff buddy, Arpaio is going to jail......
When will Trump sign first real bill? Russian sanctions bill still waiting !
How is that FAKE STORY AND CONNECTION WITH A MURDER??? Shame on all of u involved just to sideline the stories in the WH, FEEL GUILTY!!!

Wasserman Schultz under pressure to testify on ex-IT aide; complaint filed // Drip. Drip. Drip.  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/01/wasserman-schultz-under-pressure-to-testify-on-ex-it-aide-complaint-filed.html …
Fuck fox and friends old ass corny show shouls have been replaced years ago
If it was left up to liberals, criminals would be the only ones who had access to guns. #FastFurious
Thought healthcare was the priority
Thanks to our Great American President Trump! Our law and order sheriff!
And after only one speech....
Awesome Coverage!! Make America Safe Again.  #BacktheBlue
Love the way you re tweet fox news and act like it's what the majority feel. You are hated by the majority and somehow are able to ignore
What a load of crap. Trump wont do anything to help Long Island. All we are is a prop for the paunchy, demented, old man. #Impeachtrumpnow!
You want to make gang eradication a priority? Eradicate Trump for tax evasion, money laundering, treason to name a few of his crimes.
Sorry obama, your murderers from m13 gangs that you brought into the country are on their way out of our country
adjust media so non of thing gang culture rap crap is followed.
that's not going to go over big at MS13NBC
I think you folks missed all those statements from police departments who didn't condone Trumps rhetoric. You may want to check those 
8 years of lawless, corrupt BO admin to overcome
Black Lies & Antifa cause violence, murder & destruction without meeting their deaths BUT 
LaVoy was murdered by FBI https://is.gd/My8rKC 
From one white racist to another...
Most of the people R also, about time someone is looking out 4 "Americans" in our own country! The Vacancy sign is no longer out 4crimeinals
He should start with his cabinet......now THAT is a gang worth jailing!
Um, what exactly have you done to help eradicate gangs? ( other than telling police officers to break the law by getting rough with them.
Guess he's got to focus on something seeing as all his other pledges haven't come to shit yet!

You're KIDDING!
Fox & Friends continue to smooch the hind. 

Actually, you'll fail at this too.  Why don't you just go golfing.  Again.
Seriously what police force would not be grateful for not having to deal with this scum.
What about Trumps gang. He's firing cops for making that a priority...

