wrong
Kelly agreed with Wilson about your statements then lied about her but the video proved Wilson again was honest. Apparently fake means facts
You the only thing fake
As usual very presidential.  #FakePresident
How do you in good conscience criticize your own citizens by calling them whacky?
I hope you get impeached for publicly slamming your constituents on Twitter.
Accept it a bigot white  supremicist  doesn’t deserve to b President. Resign!
I hope you keep adding more evidence to the investigation against you, with your moronic tweets. As usual, your stupidity is showing.
Rockstar is not the 2 syllable word that describes WrongressWomanWackyWilson. A face only a mother could love. And mother found her pitiful.
YOU keep talking about it.
You attacked a Gold Star family and POWs and get to play president.
The ONLY one who is WACKY is YOU !  You've proven it over & over again. @CNN @MSNBC
I can’t believe a real president would say something like that about a person.  My 5th grader is more mature than you are.
If anybody know WACKY, it's the Traitor In Chief! #MoronInChief
So you acknowledge they are reporting a true news story, yet call them fake news in the exact same tweet
I hope the Fake (Fox) News Media keeps talking about Mr Trump!
What happened in Niger, Commander?
#WackyWilson

Fake this, fake that, FAKE YOU!
“Give em hell Harry!”
Wilson is not the victim here, she politicized the Military. I as a veteran am sick and tired of it.
What? 45 politicized the military by comparing himself to former Presidents! These Gold Star families are the victims!
Enough, this is about Wilson.
This isn’t about her. It’s about a mentally deranged president and a Walmart White House!
"Walmart White House"  I am going to use that, please ?
To see ppl defending a draft dodger is amazing...sitting back/more than half of his defenders are paid for BOTS...FYI
Serving in the military isn't a requirement for being a president. Being born here is, though.
Time for the 25th to be used.

Yes. She is whacky. Dems love whacky
On 10/17 YOU SAID U contacted nearly every Gold Star family this year. But leaked email evidence proved WH didn't even have a list of them.

Still dishonoring ALL gold star families.  You re a DISGRACE!
She's going to his funeral today.  Where will your ft ass be?
Most like sitting in a GOLF cart while charging tax payers for playing on one of your shitty courses.
Shameless Crazy Hat Lady!!!
Fear not, you're doing plenty to help the Democratic Party
Trump and the Republicans always accuse African American politicians of lying. It's such blatant racism.
Please stop. Please show a little respect for the office you hold.
Yeah, @RepWilson
And you're killing America. Put the phone down and lead or resign.
I hope the Failing President resigns.  Or is toppled.  Whatever works.
She is. But they are focusing on her as a distraction from all your success and the massive Russian uranium bribery scandal...
The real Russian scandal
Misogynist pig
Miss autistic screeching from the left.
No, we’d rather continuing talking about a lying narcissistic treasonous dumbass dick. Familiar with him?
Aren't you talking about her too?
You are the one who started this disrespectful mess, and now with this tweet you are continuing it Mr. Trump!
Ed you have no clue what you are talking about. Just keep running your mouth.  You make the democrats look like a bunch of fools.
Are you able to describe in what way she is killing the #democrat party? Is the best way to make your case calling her "wacky"? #trump #usa #maga #wackypolitics #fakenews #hypocrisy

Quit blaming hillary, obama, and "fake news"and do ur damn job. U knew what u signed up for
You lost GET OVER IT.  QUIT BLAMING TRUMP GET ON W YOUR PITIFUL LIFE
Oh brother.  Is that the best and most intelligent argument you have?  No wonder no one respects you.
He is the President of The United States.The President really works hard.He really trys his best.Donald Trump was always well respected as the richest man in the world.He didn't become President for you,or nobody else to disrespect him.
Diversion. Release your taxes, @realDonaldTrump   Until you do, shut the hell up!!
Like you're destroying the entire nation? That you're an international joke?
And you, as our president, are killing the Republican party... What's your point?

“Wacky congresswoman Wilson” I’m WEAK

#TerroristHashdAlShaabi
#KurdistanBlocade
No, she's being a compassionate leader looking out for the interests of the people she represents. You would do well to follow her lead.
为什么还不解决朝鲜？解决掉一个反人类政权，不枉你总统一次。干掉金三胖火箭人，改变世界政体局面。我个人也会感谢你
Glass houses!!!!
Well, I saw today #DNC was #Broke,#Hypocrites
To be fair, you are helping the Democrats.
@RepWilson told the truth - confirmed by GS widow. The pettiness & misogyny of @POTUS & Jr.  w/ personal attacks against Wilson r appalling
Bluff
Fake hair
Like the same way you are killing the Republican party
Babble babble
Foil and frabble
Your brain is about to squeak!
EEK! EEK! EEK!
#TheResistance #Resistance #resist #altGov #AltFam #WeAreAltGov
This is a fallen soldier, who has lost his life, and his family has lost him. Stop this childishness
I keep telling myself “happy-thoughts” but my brain keeps telling me “he will be gone soon”
but they're talking about the wacky pres
hey, at least she didn't grab it by the pussy

You already killed the Republican Party. Now the Dems take over and impeach you to really Make America Great Again like under Obama.
When is LIAR John Kelly going to apologize to Congresswoman Wilson?
This woman is crazy! Who the hell elected her to congress! She absolutely nutty!
You aren't fit polish her shoes! She has told the truth! John Kelly LIED! There is video proof of that!
Also it's the Democratic Party, there's no such party as the.*Democrat party you fool.
This American soldier was buried on Saturday while You kept up cacophony of nonsense. Not a word about his burial in all your childish noise
I as an American do not consider your posture respecting our troops, our fallen, ridiculous rabble rousing raconteur.
You're a disgrace & an embarrassment. #fakepresident #dotardtrump #presidunce #deleteyouraccount
She is a nutcase.  I agree wacky is a good word for her.  How did she ever get elected.  Some real stupid people helped her
Because you don't like her, we love her and support her!
You, as president, are killing our entire democracy.
You need to worry about the republicans DT.
I hope Americans realize you're nothing more than a wig wearing circus freak . Destroying this country & disrespecting our military
You are show #America what the #republicanparty = a group white loving haters of #POC
We still don't respect you. #Resign
Hey TwitLER, You DARE to criticize Wilson while she was AT Sgt Johnson’s FUNERAL with the family? You’ve sacrificed NOTHING for US! #IMPEACH
Orange racist
Fake president
Tyrant
you are wacky
I agree, while you were out golfing she was attending Sergeant johnson’s funeral. It’s news worth repeating.
The Congresswomen about whom, your appointee General Kelly deliberately lied? That Wilson?
Nah were all just focused on how you're killing our country #TraitorTrump #TrumpRussia
They did and you look like an A*****e
Such selfless self-sabotage! Lol
President Trump! Please save our country’s most patriotic president Park Geun Hye! She’s been illegally impeached! Please help our present!
If anyone is killing any political parties it is YOU killing the Republican party. Please do America a favor and get off social media!
What. Is. Wrong. With. YOU?? Be a President!!
Ol
Lie she has done more for people than you will ever do #adultdaycarecenter
You're the party killer. Dems didn't want you. Reps no prob. Good job you're doing on their party, keep it up!
your Tweet was quoted by @guardian
How is she aloud to talk let that. That's crazy

I ain’t believe dis actually a prezdent who Twitter all dis mess. A prez gotta have sumthin’ more important to do.
Congresswoman Wilson is at funeral, Trump is golfing.  Who cares more about a service member who died defending our country?
I’ll take Wacky over Moron any day.
#Fullofshiticus speaks
You started this with a lie, you can end it with the truth! Be a man for once, step up, admit your error and apologize!
Area 51 should be your next step.
Disgraceful comment from a president
Idiot
Bully.
“…to care for him for whom shall have born the battle,  
and for his widow, and his orphan…”
Abraham Lincoln  ~ March 4, 1865
#FailureToLead
Fake news.
I TAKE A KNEE TO IMPEACH
Wacky Don
I hope those heel spurs of yours didn't affect your golf game while Sgt Johnson was being buried.
America’s Worst President golfs while American hero laid to rest. ‘Bone spurs don’t affect swing.’
While your killing any Morality the US has with it's allies you talk about others? MORON
She will finish off the Dems!
It’s true. The Dems have never been this low in history. Shows that Trumps brilliant win made some people loose a lot of money 
Wacky? Are you 8?
We believe Wilson not you or Kelly. You both are sad liars
The president, of a democracy, is arguing killing off the Democratic Party? Hmmm. #resist
She’s going to tear you up. You’re not a real politician. You aren’t ready for this.
HAHAHHA you are adorable! Look at you making big people words, who knows one day you might no what they mean.
Nah, but Trump sure did throw the GOP into the crapper.
It's time for you to grow up and be an adult.
And Pelosi too. She can hardly speak anymore. Omar Navarro will take maxi’s seat 
In 2020 you will be in a nursing home. How old are you? a couple years away from 80 I think
Shouldn't you spend your time  being the actual President? How petty can you really be?
You could have simply called the widow back and said " I am sorry for the misunderstanding, it wasn't my intention to be disrespectful".
At least she went to the funeral. You played golf.
Democratic Party**
There ya go showing your underbelly of  women bashing.....
Congresswomen needs to be put in a straight jacket and carted away to the Looney farm, #total meltdown.
Your "killing" an entire nation...so...U win!!
That includes El Pais too that keeps talking about Puigdemont who is killing democracy.
You're out of line sir. Sit down.
What do you mean by "killing the Democrat Party"? Is it good for the Rep. party to argue ad hominem? #fakenews #media #trump
Well you have killed the Republican Party!!
I hope you get things done rather than just having character battles with the left.
Let’s talk about your relationship with Russia.


they will, she got her face out there because of the call to Mrs. Johnson it was twisted because of her. The people will be heard
Do you own a mirror?
It’s already dead! Well zombie like anyway
She's beating a dead horse.
Enough is enough ! I’m sick of it let the widow see her husband if that’s how she wants to remember him then we can all go for therapy !
In your demented dreams, Trump.
No! You're KILLING AMERICA!
That's "Wayout Willie"! lol.
Says the rhino with a FAKE tan in D.C. in October
@POTUS wrong again, stretch this news out and you will kill the Republican party, shut up and quit showing your insanity!
You are the wacko that is destroying the way the rest of the world thinks of Americans! #TrumpthinkshesNero
You are so demeaning to women, so I’ll give it back: how could any woman sleep with someone as disgusting as you? You’d be a virgin if poor.
Eph 6:7 .....Eph 6:7!....
I hope they keep talking about your impending impeachment! You’re a Loooooozer and belong in federal prison!
You do realise "fake news media" isn't supposed to be capitalised? Of course you don't. It's funny that you're capitalising lies.
#MAGA #TrumpRussia @gop

 Trump's approval rating is now lower than Bush's before 2006 Democratic stampede
Hillary killed the democratic party.
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentNow
More like Fake WH
Shut up. And do something good.
Stop the name calling.its childish and makes YOU sound whack as hell. Please stop. You are a grown man and this is really not necessary.
Weirdo Trump with some more wacky tweats. When will he ever grow up?
She knew Sergeant Johnson's name and attended the funeral. You went golfing you fat orange fascist!
She should be kicked out of office,her and her different Halloween costumes.
Like you are killing the GOP?  Glass houses, donnie boy.
What a stupid thing to say. And why do you care about the Dem party?
If you can get fox news( faux news) to talk about her go ahead Comrade.
I hope 45 stops talking about Rep. Wilson soon. Or Trump could tell her how much he appreciates the friendship & comfort she extended to Sgt. La David Johnson's family while he played golf.

" Hey #PaulRyan & #MitchMcConell Let Me Remind You That Legally #BarackObama Can Step In As #POTUS While Special Elections Are Called! "
You are a cartoon president. You didn't even win the popular vote.
And you as so called President are destroying our beloved Country.
Tiny. Hands. Said Melonia.
How's that Bone spur in your foot, Cowardly Lion?
