@seanspicer They will do everything contrary2 sense &truth! IT MUST BE EXPOSED! "Shouted from the roof tops"Thats Gods plan
SPEAK TRUTH TO POWER. NOTHING MORE POWERFUL THAN TRUTH. PlannedParenthood loves their SIN.God DOESNT. Who wins?
President Trump I support you. Just wanted you to know that you have supporters on this page. Let the trolls spew! We are united!
CORRUPTION! The very NATURE of unregenerate man. NO Surprise. BOTTOMLINE is ALWAYS selfishness of EGO "Old nature" NOT GOOD
They 'say' they are very pro life. Their fighting to stop the plan makes me question their integrity.
So they really aren't pro-life. Words are easy to spout and write. But truth will always be revealed. These groups want the $$ not life.
You do realize that 0 federal money goes towards abortions....zero...zilch..nada
Do not doubt for one moment that many, many government officials: on both sides of the fence, both male and female, have paid for abortions for many, many, many years.
Remember when you wanted to abort Tiffany?
It was a bad plan. Repeal OCare. Freedom Caucus. Godspeed.
They aren't "pro life", they are "pro punishing women for having sex".
...and "pro punishing women for getting raped"
well stop putting things in the bill that we don't want like communist health care

The irony is they call themselves "pro-life" while working to make it as easy as possible to kill people.

‘freedom caucus ‘   -> #kochWhoreCaucus

art of deal author, bankruptcy and debt expert, reality tv star can't make a successful deal. Sad. Embarrassing.cant govern
Please drop dead. I said "please."
repeal the Hyde amendment.
I support u Mr President but u may trust Ryan way too much! Promises are to repeal and replace with better plan
oh well, it'll happen eventually. Now on to legalizing marijuana and start collecting big time revenue
ahhhh... the ironies of life....
women's Health is wrong? My pu##y! Not the government's!

Thoroughly disgusted w Republicans.
we elected you for one reason. GET THE GOV'T OUT OF MY HEALTH CARE! Shame on you!
卍
defunding could be stopped with a separate bill. Nice try
Is the Freedom Caucus the one with no women on it?
The irony is that you are trying to bully a group for staying true to their promises. Oh, never mind. Russia Russia Russia
Liberals are still following Trump. They get the message

.@realDonaldTrump #PlannedParenthood provides vital life-saving health services for women. #ProChoice is not pro-abortion. #SavePP #SaveACA
I think the real irony is that the world's greatest "deal maker" can't get a deal made
muslim ban FAIL. trumpcare FAIL. 3 strikes you're OUT. Loser
no the irony is you are in DC instead of prison!
YOU FAILED YOURE FIRED.
funny you always have someone to blame for your lack of leadership. Looser!
P.S. You can call it pro-life, but, it's really just anti-choice.
oh Donald we know you really like Pee Pee.
Now that trumpcare is dead. About your #TaxReturns  @realDonaldTrump. Release them
You are a truly evil person.
The irony is the Freedom Caucus is anti woman wanting to slash maternity care and mammograms
The irony is that the entire Freedom is made up of old dudes who don't know that abortions make up 3% of its operations.
The irony is that people who will never have to avail themselves of the services of planned parenthood have a say in this.
the irony is that this isn't your sound board. Blocked.
good
Irony is when you have to look at the daughter every day you wanted aborted! "What are we gonna do about it baby"
Valtrex don't want to fund planned Parenthood but wanted a aborted child huh?
he sire did
1piece of a very complicated puzzle
you will rue the day if this bill passes because the very anti-women Freedom Caucus will own you and everything you do.
@freedomcaucus realizes #Trumpcare is bad deal.  VOTE NO!
You don't even believe yourself. Totally unconvincing. No wonder you couldn't sway the Freedom Caucus. #Trumpcare
Y'all don't seem to understand how health insurance works.
#Trumpcare
#SaveTheACA
#FlashbacFriday
Why don't you want this bill to be called #Trumpcare?
#SaveTheACA
#Trumpcare
#SaveTheACA
#FlashbackFriday
#Trumpcare
#SaveTheACA
#FlashbackFriday
#Trumpcare
#SaveTheACA
#FlashbackFriday
people think you suck. Look: http://www.pollingreport.com/trump_ad.htm 
I don't think so Ali baba!
why do you feel it necessary to mock me based on my ethnicity and name? Are you incapable of restraining your bigotry?
Are you capapable of restraining yours?
I didn't express any bigotry. You did. Immediately went for ethnic mockery. Can't hold it back can you
Your not worth my time Ali baba.
Go find a puppy / Virginia and leave my POTUS along, or better yet, leave our country.
it's you're in this case. Why can't you people learn proper English?
is called auto spell [ which sucks when I try to type quickly] 
As I stated,  hence, your not worth my time.
THANK YOU! Ironic that men are debating the merits of PP!!!
Btw men take part in being a parent.. So therefore have a say 
if that were true there would not be so many single moms on assistance without any help from Dad
"Millions of millions of women -- cervical cancer, breast cancer -- are helped by Planned Parenthood," Trump said on the CNN debate stage in Houston.

So, you just want to shut that down, huh?
PP will continue until DD fesses up!

Anyone who is truly Pro-Life wants a PP on every corner.  A pregnancy that never happens doesn't require and abortion.  Unfortunately the Freedom Caucus wants the issue, money, and power more than solving the problem.
You are completely ridiculous.
Flynn Flipped. Papadopolous Flipped. Gates Flipped. Van der Zwann Flipped. Manafort indicted.  13 Russians indicted. Pinedo plea fake id’s to Russians. IRA Russian troll farm.  Cambridge Analytica.  Facebook.  Broidy!   Jr tower mtg. Kush$! Mueller knows all.  Trump’s a traitor.
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if ...
#NO CLOUD ACT    FOURTH AMENDMENT ISSUE
Think That's ironic. Try this one- you are pro life and pro guns.
Who wrote this for him?
You moron, @PPFA saves vastly more lives than it allows to be taken. In fact you should have used their family planning before you had sniffles and eric. A condom would have went a long ways
The real irony is...... you profess your love for your wife but obviously couldn't keep it in your pants.
EVERYone is pro-life. Some of us reasonable people are against forced  birthing.
No, no, no! they aren't pro-life.  Freedom Caucus is anti-abortion.  Guns, no health care and for children, women, vets and seniors, death penalty -- these have nothing to do with pro-life....you should know better.
luv what you are doing.  Obama, Comey and Hillary need to go to jail.  When will that happen?
you are evidence of the need for abortions.
Is Obamacare a black fly in your Chardonnay?
@Reince The Freedom Caucus wants to make America great again. Listen to them. Revisit the healthcare issue.
Liberman is not a good rep he's  full screw you dem anyone, as long as he is rep  51 51 51 51 to hell with them 51 51 51.
- Shouldn't you be DOING YOUR JOB instead of tweeting??  #FAKEPOTUS
The People want real solutions, not to kick the can down the road.  Perhaps you shd work closer w/ Freedom Caucus, etc.
@Reince No special panel needed? Is Reince one of the Soviet moles too?
But your Good Ol Party didn't want to PAY for MATERNITY? so WHO backs PRO LIFE?  MEN!
@Reince 
Trump would have signed anything that congress sent to his desk then taken credit for it.
#ConManEthics
planet parenthood is a ugenics organization that is funded by ppl who care only about mass depopulation.
if you go left you will not win another term.We want total replacement of Obama care.i guess you missed 8 years of Reagan
executive order: make all of congress go on affordable care until they FIX it
I guess nobody loves you.
Is it true the proposed CR funds Planned Parenthood but not the Wall?

OUR PRO-LIFE COUNTRY HAS BEEN BRINGING LIFE IN THE MIDDLE EAST FOR THE LAST 18YEARS!! #WINNING #MAGA #PROLIFE
You only care about applause.cheers crowds. BUT YOU KNOW NOTHING about running a country NONE
Donald J.Trump give me a call. I have the most brilliant Idea for the Healthcare plan, the military spend, SS, education
They are now supporting prochoice to make aspartame and vaccines that kill our people and kids.
so choice stays right where it should be; with pregnant women!
planned Parenthood is more pro-life than you are
WHEN MEN GROW BREASTS, OVARIES & A UTERUS, THEY WILL BE ON EQUAL GROUND.  SINCE YOU'RE NOT, PASS A LAW REQUIRING CASTRATION OF RAPISTS
Yeah! What a joke.
The Republicans, especially the Freedom Caucus, are getting corrupt as hell. I am Conservative NOT Republican. Dems and Reps suck
The irony is that you have yet again failed the very people you claim to serve. Serve the people - leave office!
@mcharlesworth7 maybe have some republican women work on the plan next time smh @SpeakerRyan @POTUS
The real irony is how you and your cronies were chanting lock her up while breaking many laws.
Good.
FULLY #RepealAndReplace!!
The irony is a toad like you is president.
Read the bill because it sounds like someone read it to you! 
It does not sound like you! A Bunch of Skunks want to hurt U!
weitblick!
a bad dress isn't made better by fancy bows. Ryan plan not what you promised us
Find me your tax return pls lol
Irony is that pro-life politicians want to get rid of PP which provides women's healthcare so they are healthy to have kids
Let's get government out of the way of healthcare. Period. Too many hands in the till.
How do you look at yourself in the mirror every day?

@Reince Could Reince be your leak?
@crehage ...Just realized it's a woman that's running ur mouth, little fake cartoon character. Yeah, ONLY 35OK dead babies
the irony is some people think 350,000 dead babies is ONLY a number
I am all for pro-life, but take away planned parenthood and we are going to have a country filled with unwanted children.
this makes you once again Lyin'Donnie.  You make it hard to keep fighting for with lies like these...
And they allow people to: keep their insurance, not be denied by preexisting conditions, & keep their money from the rich
Tell me again that the California AG didn't have a conflict of interest, but ruled against the PP film makers anyway.
great! Planned parenthood doesn't do anything! Ya know except everything good for people!
@marymac41 its not irony but proof that laws should be one dimension, putting things in bills that have nothing but bribery
ALL MEN!
because 90%of what PP does is preventive women's Healthcare moron
Health care bill faltered, boss. Don't care what you think or say. Not on you. Ryan, failed us all. Watch ur 6.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
The real irony is you chanting lock her up when you were breaking laws yourself and now your leaving you son-in-law out to take the fall.
I am disgusted with #PoliticansAllTalkNoAction 
This was a lesson for us Americans
Again
Insider D.C. SUCK!Dem & Repubs
That's why Trump is in, disillusioned with both "parties".
is it fake news the Secret Service requested  60 million more in their budget for your family's extra security and travel?
Your perks of the job should include a " padded scream room". I don't know how you survive the horrid press!
that's how bad your plan is if pro life are supporting pp!
this post is asinine. @PPact works harder than anyone to prevent unwanted pregnancies. Your plan ensures more.
fed funds don't go to abortion services. So basically you're trying to stop women's health services. Cool bro...
Morally wrong Socially acceptable PP?

TNX Team Trump
Because the rest of the plan is flawed.
guess they were pro-Planned Parenthood then! you do know they are laughing at both of you behind closed doors?
@seanspicer the irony is that you are in office but you were not elected
they are just realizing how iseful PP could have been before you were born
WOMEN NEED P.P.
IF YOU DONT LIKE IT DONT GO!
SIMPLE!!!! 
BUT DONT DEPRIVE OUR GIRLS AND WOMEN!
MALE PIGS!
Shows you how bad it is!! the donald  is a failure!! Worse one in history..his base is getting fed up!! World is laughing at them all.
Their BODY, Their CHOICE, Their COST!!!!!! Love you Mr. PRESIDENT 
The irony is that you men want to do away with birth control, prenatal care and abortion. How does that work?
I think the Koch brothers realized if Trumpcare passed all the Republicans would lose their seats to Democrats. Bad plan!!
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
irony here
Hahaha!
According 2 statistics the most dangerous place 2 b in Amerca 2day is n a mother's womb! How tragic!!!
why don't you keep your promises as does freedom caucus
tea party is the monster you invited into your living room and now it's destroying your house. Oops!
I'm getting desperate now. Looks like I'm failing bigly on this one. My bullying doesn't work. What do I do now? Mummy!
Everything is ironic when you have no sense of nuance.
president Trump please stop pushing government controlled healthcare. It is unconstitutional
just stop the paid abortions.  Sometimes it is the only place for a young girl to go for prevention and cures of STDs.
don't let these fools detract you from your goals...they are ALL FOOLS!!
