.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 3 Days, 18 Hours, 41 Minutes, and 5 Seconds
Like never!! Get over it snowflake, your gonna be stuck with him like we were stuck with Barry for eight &@): king years!!
you tell them sir
Certainly missing true leadership
Cuba must be free of Castro rule.
I can't wait til they put you in jail. It will be so awesome! You're a bad hombre, the worst. #ImpeachTrump #DonTheCon
Wth does Seth Rich have to do with this? His own parents done asked y'all to stay out of it, so as a mother I say stay the fuck out of it.
You were wrong to do this.

Reminder: a guy w/ 65% disapproval & 2.8M less votes seeks to undo all policies of a guy who left office w/ 60% approval & a popular mandate
Mr President, you are at your best when you stay on your agenda. Thanks for working hard for the USA. Forget those trying to distract you.
Not my President!
Citizens for Trump!
CITIZENS FOR TRUTH
You're anti-progress.
Right, Anti progress to hell in a hand basket that the left wants to take us to. #MAGA
I luv how peaceful and happy u r 
Speaking to a bunch of Cuban exiles at an invitation only event. What an amazing show of support. Lol 
Your followers communicate with memes because they can't spell.
Could you please put that in a meme? I don't get it. Lol
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has chosen as His own #inheritance.
You must mean Muhammad
Isaiah 61:3
Isaiah 49:16
See, I have inscribed you on the #palms of My #hands; Your #walls are continually before Me.
And help the poor, sick and the refugee. So why do you continue to support a man who will not do any of those things?
This tweet feels like this one from August 2012: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/240431654135554049 …
A failure is a failure time does not change this, this is something Obama will carry for an eternity
Boo!!!!
#trumpisfat
Someone please tell this guy that Obama invented not sticking tiny wet fingers into light sockets.
Thank God we finally have a intelligent President with a "set of balls"... God's speed Mr. President......
My wife left me
This is what all Americans want to see a united government. What the world needs to see.  One great nation under God .
The DOJ needs to prosecute all illegal actions, NOW!
Do you mean or Little Havana or Little Hands?

#maga
Get on TV as much as possible keep fighting
Trump you HATE OBAMA so much you'll do whatever it take to screw with the American people to make it a win for you. Your a hater & Dictator.
Such a petty little man trying to undo anything Obama achieved . That's OK, our next true president can erase this entire sham of you.
Who cares about Cuba right now.  Why hasn't the wall been started?  We feel like we've been Sold a fake Promise!!!
They didn't want a Trumpster hotel, did they?
Because of your witch hunt analogy, these ladies would like an apology.
Finally we have a true leader! #MAGA
Let's continue this momentum and Build the Wall!
Poll numbers are looking good! People are starting to see past the Fake News! #MAGA
2 years today @realDonaldTrump promised to Make America Great Again, we are well on our way to fulfilling that.
We stand with Representative Steve Scalise and wish him a speedy recovery. #ScaliseStrong #PrayForScalise
Praying for Steve Scalise and his family. Also for all of the others that were injured 
What is deplorable about his care?
I'm sorry, were you looking for attention Radicalized Democratic Terrorist??
#Trump rejects Obama's #Cuba policy while embracing #SaudiArabia, a country that beheads its citizens for atheism and other human rights.
Trump's mad he could not make a deal for a Trump casino/hotel in Cuba. Pay backs.
America will be made great again when its people are united! America First!
We cannot unite to support a criminal in the White House!
And yet you have no evidence of anything. Typical liberal
I've reported all of James Devine's tweets using that horrific hashtag. Please join me in reporting!
#BanJamesDevine
#Pray4Scalise
I just reported him, too. The hate has got to stop. They go low, we need to stay high.
Watch with the they. I am liberal and agree they hate has to stop. But it must stop on both sides. Stop finger pointing it's not a solution
Don't be the fucking snowflake that the right thinks liberals are.
Everyday I wake up President Trump and see you on TV or S.M and I laugh  because we did it against all odds.   I'm so proud of you 
Does it ever bother you that in the flow of history you will be considered a malignant hickup??
Great decision by @POTUS about the Policy of #USA towards Cuba #PresidentTrump #ThatsMyPresident #MAGA
Trump's hypocrisy - he deals with the  rich but brutal Saudis whilst sanctioning the impoverished Cubans.
We must unite. Evil is close at hand. Close the FUCKING borders already !!!
So sad.  You really know how to piss off the WORLD.  How's the trip to England going for you????!!!!????
Donald Trump: 45th president: Served from 2017 to 2017.
Tough on immigration, but dreamer act decision is the right one.  If you can show 3 yrs tax returns you can stay.
why cant you give a speech without insulting people, places, or things? If you want 2 bring us 2gether, stop pushing us apart. #BeAManNotBoy
Two steps forward, ten steps backwards.  MAGA!
The world laughs out loud.
At what point does he talk about policy. This is idiotic
MAGA, I LOVE OUR POTUS DONALD J TRUMP.
And Trump is not only the dumbest President ever! But quite possibly the dumbest person on the planet!
You do shit like this just to reverse what a real president did! You're just pissed because you couldn't make a deal in Cuba for yourself!
Too stupid to be president: words more and more people are saying more and more often.
TRUMP IS THE MAN! LOVE MY PRESIDENT! 
Dementia is a terrible thing. 
Why have a policy toward Cuba that you don't have toward Saudi Arabia and Egypt? You're new at this, aren't you? #POTECUS
Back to the 60s
NEW AP POLL - Trump's Disapproval Now at a Staggering 64%
Free Julian Assange! 
Doctor of Common Sense, Lyndon Larouch, Nigel Farage and Ron Paul, brilliant !
I think you would do well to seek them out and listen to them
Happy father's day, I support you with all my hearth
President Trump "Effective immediately I am cancelling the Obama Administration's deal with Cuba"
Thank U Trump!  https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/875841767618338816/photo/1pic.twitter.com/mJTkzpoHiC 
Where are the remarks by #POTUS about the Navy disaster going on TODAY, or are you too busy playing golf at one of your own resorts again?!
Your campaign slogan should have been, "Regressivism.  Stupidity.  Corruption."
Thanks for letting the Russian have a green light to build a base 90 miles from us.  You are the worst, Donald.
wish I were there with you
Taking orders from Little Marco now, huh?  Guess it's convenient to do things close to GO since you're there all the time anyway
Virtually every country in the world is doing business in Cuba. This is good for all.
Ok
They care so much about human rights in Cuba, yet, they stay quiet in Saudi Arabia. #doublestandard
Thank you Mr President 
O pleeeease
I sense round 2 of Bay of Pigs coming on by this current president.
Hmmmm no thanks. Can't stand the way you speak. Can't stand your voice. Can't stand your face.
You sounded like a sleazy Las Vegas lounge act! Sad!
I miss Obama.  I hope the rest of the world knows that the majority of the public didn't elect you.
Only that facial expression says enough
AP Poll:64% polled DO NOT like how Trump is handling the Office of President. @realDonaldTrump show some dignity & resign now!
President who???
@Twitter Where's the Lemon Symbol I asked for? A heart for like & a Lemon for not Like? I need a lemon for this @POTUS post
Nice to see some people, who love the president. Really tried of the other hateful people.
Who listens to you? Embicilic!
Was
As I listened to the speech, I thought you could be talking about many countries. For example, Syria, or North Korea...
The Trump family associate who planned Eric Trump's wedding will head the Housing Department's New York office  seriously???
Love  u!
Awesome President most truthful, and I am so proud of him!
The devil speaks with a forked tongue  don't be conned
Build the wall on the border to get rid of the foreigners coming across America they come here and they try to get everything free
when you could ask communist Chinese to free all political prisoners like this ?
Amen

Awesome
Impeachment must fall u
Great shout out to #MDFR
Best speech ever delivered with great passion and love.  May God continue to bless you, your beautiful family and great administration. 
No Havana hotel = embargo

S.o.s VENEZUELA
POTUS never read this. Looks like business as usual as the embargo is still in affect and the statement is 99% one sided. Laughable. Idiots.
President Trump full filling his promises people if the nasty swamp would leave him alone.
Only an insecure and small mind is concerned about Cuba.
Your fucking obsessed with @BarackObama - #LunaticPotus #CrazyPresident #MakingAmericaDisgracefulAgain
Was going to watch the Jerk in action but dinner is on and I don't want to be ill at the table
No thanks...u just babble.
If it's in "quotes" we are supposed to not take it literally.
Reversing all the good work Obama did does not give you a legacy or provide any progress. History will not be kind to you.

Screw other countries! What about what electronic logs are going to do to the economy and the industry?! #Repeal ELDS!!
You misspelled/mispronounced "China". No? They're cool? Ok...
#PhilandoCastile = NC
SandraBland = NC
EricGarner = NC
MikeBrown = NC
TamirRice = NC
FreddieGray = NC
AmadouDiallo = NC
NC = No Conviction
Be careful about the pope.the bible speaks of the false leader in the end times??????
NICE Travel Ban for Americans! China can build their highways and Russia benefit from Cuba's high skilled population 
Muerte a todo dictador......
Jerk.
Go Trump!!!!!!
You 'revised' Obama's Cuban deal. You didn't get rid of it at all. Why isn't what you do good enough? Why do you have to lie about it all?
Es una pena q tu pueblo tenga q verte la cara de culo esa q tienes todos los días.
Thank you Mr President for your continued hard work for this country God bless you and America

X cv
I heard so many loud voices:" We Love You President Trump" @POTUS and that's why all the hate out there, they can't stand it you are loved.
They were paid
There is always one Black person with a Trump sign... Yo MAJORITY of us still don't f*ck with you. And NEVER WILL! #RESIST
go trump go
Incredible speech! Makes us proud ! Sir you are all in action!
Killing more jobs in both the US and Cuba, using position as president to stomp on business competitors
#trumpcorruption
#trumptreason
MY GOD A GROWN MAN BEING SO JEALOUS! LIKE A TEEN AGER! OF ANOTHER GROWN MAN? TRUMP U NEEDA LIFE OR A HOBBY! GET ONE,
You are the brightest & shiniest Star among many other stars, no one do it as you do it, differently, sincerely, fearlessly and with heart.
OMG! I want to  You can't possibly be talking about Trump. He is far from bright, definitely not a star, and doesn't know what sincere is.
thank you mr president
Yes, you took hope from the Cuban people, all for a few votes.  SAD DAY. Have you been, have you seen the conditions?
I was on stage supporting your historic move to help Cuba and it's people not the Regime. Thank u frm the bottom of my heart!
Rsrsrs
Obama will always be more loved than you. Always.
Dear President Trump, I am honoured and love the courage of you and the secret service. I would take a bullet for any of you.
Thanks. Keep undoing anything that Barack put in place. None of it was good for our country.
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
@VP out of curiosity have either one of you even been to Cuba?
Oh god.  Do we have to?
You are so mistaken!
You had an Amazing day today! 
