I doubt anyone hates you as much as the French.  No wait!  WAY over half of US does, Germany does.  Damn! The rest of the world does too.
The French got other shit to deal with than hating trump... trust me
MACRON is not my president !  I love YOUR President !! I would like a man as him !!  vive TRUMP ! I love him......me !
Goodness!  I thought France had higher educational standards than US. Obviously based on your posts, I was horribly mistaken.
We have our rednecks too lol
Wow - so it seems!  I blocked so am not seeing much of the blather from that one, but OMG!  I'm shocked! Does she have all her teeth? ;-)
#PutinBot  Here's a FRENCH Russian Bot (the Sissi whatever) !   I mean, WOW!
Hey, at least you let her take the lead this time 
The same Melania that lied about her citizenship status? The one that lied on the WH website? The one who plagiarized former FLOTUS
Vanessa Williams from her title of Miss America? The FL that hasn't done a single thing with her title. No platform whatsoever. Not an
Ounce of giving back, making a difference, or making any attempt of helping this country's people whatsoever. Yeah. She's quite the catch.
Do the US a solid and stay there
Do twitter a solid and stay off
Did you forget melania was with you when you were checking out macrons wife
He really wanted to grab her by the pxxxy but held back, nice restraint there Orangehead!
Thank you for the laugh! 
You're welcome, he certainly does make it easy to do just by being himself!
Thank You for all you have  done to help make American Great Again !
#bestpresidentever 

3 Years, 6 Months, 7 Days, 8 Hours, 53 Minutes, and 49 Seconds
Israel control America
#Treason
And she still won't touch you. Will the marriage last as long as this Presidency. Both done before the end of the year.
@POTUS @FLOTUS
Don't come back
I see you found the limo this time, good job! Also noticed the GIANT air gap tween you & Melania. She really dislikes you. #TrumpCrimeFamily
You urine-drinking swag-borne wagtail
Fall fall fall
Anybody else notice how the smarter and younger NEW President of France got Trump to come to him first?
You need to start an investigation into why Trump supporters are unable to spell “you’re”. Are they missing the apostrophe key? Please help!
Well IT'S Twitter and YOURE only allowed 140 characters. Maybe investigate why HRC whiners feel twitter deserves rules of proper punctuation
Ouch, Marty's coming in swinging.  You go girl!
Is Jim with you
Say hi to Jim for me!
Dump Trump
She still won't hold your hand huh?
That's because she has bigger hands!
Well your nose would block the whole view. Kissy Doodle Kins
Beautiful first family
Why didn't you just stay in Europe after the G20?  Not like you did anything productive anyways except go on twitter back in DC.
Delete your account
You first!!
I love when people retweet their own tweets. Sad!
Not Hand in Hand? What happened?
Hey, supposedly christian lady, God wouldn't want you to be so hateful. Look at the content of your post. U sure ur not a lil evil yourself?
I hear they love you in France! Enjoy. BTW, why does your Tweet say you're in McKinney, TX?
You do know that the French HATE you, right?
In fact, they want to declare YUGE portions of Paris off limits to you so that they don't accidentally bump into you.
No kidding. Those "No Go" zones?  Those are for YOU now.
Your polling approval rate in France is 14%. In fact, you are their LEAST FAVORITE president in the world.
You know who they LOVE?  Obama!!  In fact, they tried to vote for him in THEIR last election
They even made campaign posters and started a petition to get him on their election ballot.
They can have him over there! We're good here :)
Well I hope you are ready to answer questions from the press.  Not that it matters too much, because you lie about everything.
Good. Please stay there. Never come back.
Did the big boy find the car right away this time? You get a cookie.
Resign and stay there
Good job, Mr. President! You found the car this time!
I wonder if you can find your car today?  
You found your big black car this time. What a big boy!
He's in Paris but his account tweeted from Texas? Does he control his twitter?!
Well damn, I was hoping ur flight would take a wrong turn and get lost... FOREVER!
Remember these libiots have cried wolf so many times that no one takes them serious.   Now any Republican that wants to speak will be heard.
Great! Now stay there!
they sure as hell don't want him either
I realize that but I'm desperate! Lol!
I was kinda hoping he'd trip down the stairs break his neck
Helluva early Christmas present to the world, especially us here in the U.S.
#Insanity
#DonsVanity
#MentallyUnfit 
#TotallyIllegit 
#RUSSIA
There's US territory in Antartica that he could be sent to. At least it was there yesterday, maybe it broke off today. #Impeach45
It's perfect if Dumb Don can't get cell service, lol!
This sounds like a text my dad would send. "Just got in safely"
Also, someone needs to tell Betsy DeVos that she's not doing a great job. Dept of Ed is not functioning perfectly.
Yeah, but has it ever?
Not happy with Candice Jackson.
Are any of us really happy with anyone in this new world where nothing matters?
Hey you made it to the car this time without wandering off! 
Why do think she's with him?
Maybe she's waiting for the caterpillar on his head to turn into a beautiful butterfly? 
 Don't ever think that youare wise enough,but respect the LORDand stay away from evil.
Pro 3
Run faster, Melania. He's gaining on you!
Melania Trump is the most beautiful, classy first lady we have ever had and your a great looking couple!
Well she is beautiful...but classy might be a stretch
good try.. it is not Melania but looks more like a young Madonna
We need media reform !
Elegant lady...!
So lovely. Beautiful Melania   What a marvelous FiRST LADY. You look so impressive.   So proud of you OUR ELECTED PRESIDENT
Just look at our beautiful @FLOTUS 
She looks hard and brittle to me, she has no warmth or personality. All the other first ladies looked human.
After EIGHT loooong YEARS, we finally have a real First LADY of which we can be proud!  There's just no comparison...
throw this group of jackass of Twitter.
oh ... they love you there... #not
I don't think Trump cares 
As long as he doesn't start dancing like a 3yo to the national anthem,
People triggered by Trump 

Warped mind
That red dress !
It is so nice to finally have a classy, brilliant and gorgeous First Lady! Love our @FLOTUS 
It IS so nice! #RegalFirstLady & RegalFirstFamily 
Some people are easily impressed. Wanna bet her heart is filled with silicone 
like her breasts. Google the nude photos.  Regal, my a&&
Sounds nice, hope it's all for the better.
Test
45 is a nasty, nasty specimen
The worlds most beautiful and elegant couple.  I am so very proud that you represent the #USA 

God Bless You!
Impeach Trump 2017
Were you in McKinney Texas ???? @realDonaldTrump
HIS WIFE WON'T TAKE HIS HAND. I WONDER HOW LIFE IS LIKE FOR HER IN HER MANSION?.
Just landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania. ...
you are doing a great job. Never stop
他娘的
Вас приветствует Смортианн !
Принц смортерийский
Who is Melania dating?
Not you....
Of course not. I have standards.
Of course you do.......
Thank you, sir.
Your welcome ma'am.
Classy President+First Lady. She speaks 5 languages, loves America+has a heart 4children. He's a voice 4our Military+Freedoms+Safety+Economy
I agree
Amazing. Trump has clearly been told it's polite to let you wife go first
Melania looks great!
Could they walk further apart 
It's a WAY better situation than these two walking dead, freak show criminals, who married purely for political gain/ambition #DrainTheSwamp
As opposed to one criminal with THIRD marriage to a mail order bride purely for monetary gain. And it always comes back to Hillary right?
Multiple marriages? Horrors!! It comes back to Hillary cuz that was our alternative. HRC is a sick, soulless criminal married to a rapist.
If you believe their marriage is legit I have a bridge to sell you
Again, more legit than the Clintons, or the Obamas (that Michelle/Michael "partner" of bathhouse Barry) that was another convenient marriage

World Class as usual. Thanks for representing with such authority  w style! Elegant and purely American!
Your both amazing!   So proud of your accomplishments to date!
Lucky someone was there to show you the big black limousine right in front of you....
You both look stunning!
Its great to have such a beautiful @FLOTUS,not to mention extremely intelligent.The last 8yrs this area was in dire need of an upgrade.TY-MT
She hates you.
@Youhavetolaugh2 @FLOTUS @cnnbrk @BBCNews @Reuters Fabulous FLOTUS and POTUS welcomed in Paris-again...
Your doing awesome Mr. President
Only problem you were over Texas not landing in Paris when you sent this. Geography not a strong point ?
Awwww! She still won't hold your hand . Perhaps she's not fond of how Putin's cock smells.
What great representatives of The United States of America! President Trump is not bad either.
At least you let her go first down the stairs
Oh, I see you learned some manners and didn't make your wife follow 10 steps behind this time. Bravo.
Great! Go and embarrass us some more. We are already the laughing stalk of the world, just put the cherry on top #scrotus.
Trump is the greatest American embarrassment. #NotMyPresident #NeverMyPresident #IllegitimatePOTUS #FakePresident #TrumpVotersDolts
Just enjoying the meltdown #reality #youlost
@POTUS @WhiteHouse She's not my flotus, @MichelleObama is my Flotus until further notice.
lord dampnut, have I insulted you today? You're a #diseased #weak #pedophile The worms are eating your brain #sad #wrak #lowenergy
Please stay over there we don't miss you at all.
I hope you give them clear directions on how to clean that poor country up! If it were my choice i think i would have you run the world! 
Running away won't help
God bless your visit.Glad that people that meet you always like you. Jealousy motivates media's unhealthy fixation with you. Mostly Liars...
Then stay your sorry ass there. They don't want you either though, he'll who does.
Melania looks beautiful and classic! Love the hsir
the embarrassment of the USA is on display (again) for the entire world to laugh at
"And then quickly proceeded to say some pretty creepy things to Mme. Macron cuz that's how I roll"
Wow she is so beautiful. And her outfit on point! How did you get her to marry you? Lucky you.... #LionOver
Is the water not quite so hot there?
I see Melania has taught you to keep your hands off her.
Prayers for Paris. Hope their fumigation system is working.
You need to go back under your rock! You're FIRED!!!!!
They love you there, you should stay.
Why doesn't she ever want to hold your hand. Do you have the heebie geebies?
You literally just posted a video of you walking down stairs and getting into a car.
Is that the first time you've ever let @FLOTUS walk before you??
Hey! You found the car this time.  GFY
Melania is so beautiful. What a lovely first Lady we have!
Nice car looks as if it has a lot of head room .

UNE  HONTE  TRUMP   IL  DEVAIT  DETRUIRE  LE N-O-M  IL LEUR LECHE LES  FESSES,  KENNEDY LUI  NON,
Sorry @realDonaldTrump but Melania was upstaging you yesterday. She's incredible and you are lucky to have her. Remember that. Men forget.
Trump!!!!, It's Bastille day not imbecile day. Go home, you screwed up again. @GOP
Wonder how much Melania clothing cost.
Ever think of staying???

no problem mr. president. You can travel the world
Of course you brought her with you, so she could show you where the limo was!

Love my President and his first Lady .  So proud!!!
Please be careful sir while you are abroad! Also sir if you could please fix SS by putting the lock back on it and not by privatizing or dis
Just landed with plagiarizing Melania!
#gdotus #GoldDiggerOfTheUnitedStates
Could I be any more boring?  Look at me!  Look at me!  I am walking down the stairs from the airplane. Ignore my suck ass health care bill.
Remember that you cannot grab the pussy of Macron's wife. I guess you know why their age difference is no big deal.
Enjoy holiday in Paris,Enjoy another celebration of Freedom the Bastille Day! The Parade is going to be magnificent as always,I am sure !
Jim is not in that car!  I'm shocked and really thought Jim would be on this visit.
Did you see the latest Time?
At best you are behind her for once
Before the date your name is listed as a "destroyer", rejoin the #ParisAgreement again. I advise you as a friend and advisor.
How does she sleep with you? Do you get her drunk first? Oh wait, she doesn't sleep with you...never mind
We have a lovely capable intelligent FLOTUS
hello，trump
Mr. President you and your family are always in are prayers. God Bless
Funny how they cut it just as he opened the car door. You know he made her go around to the other side again
Trump loves Israel. God bless him.
The 'flower' by your side.  Hope you treat her well, she makes you look better except when your real manners show through. Heathen.

How are you Mr President
The only reason I watch these is in the hopes that Melania pushes you down the stairs. 

Someday...
Excuses, excuses, excuses....

Keep dreaming
Dear Mr Trump. All of us outside the USA know that Paris is indeed in France so no need to spell it out you #trumpwit. #flotus #paris
Why can't you walk down stairs like a normal human being?
Is it the same condition that prevents Jr from sitting like a normal human being?
.@CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews @ABC @CBS @NBCNews @nytimes @washingtonpost @SenateMajLdr @RexTilllerson @SpeakerRyan #NoMoWar
I think your wife should be the first female president of America.
And tried to grope the French First Lady
Getting back in touch with your liberal roots! Trump finds brief refuge. #MAGA SCANDAL AWAITS 
wow he found the limo today.
60k likes vs 10 dumb comments #numbersdontlie
Y do U often say "a lot of people don't know that" about basic, well-known facts?  Did U just learn that France was USA's first ally?
Sounds like there's a lot of stuff U didn't know before.  I think office of POTUS is a weird place to first acquaint Urself with history.
And for God's sake man:  as the old saying goes, "best keep your mouth closed and though a fool than open it and remove all doubt."
Nobody cares!  Especially about watching you
God bless you and your family AND God bless AmericaThanks for all you do 
Never give up , never tire of doing good
Check out @RobertTManley's Tweet:
lee,DML,Tucker,Sean. Have it wrong and are misleading you. not on purpose but lack of knowledge.  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bDaBfzFlUkV4cWt5YXF3UXd8MVlwSmtteUFQUllLar-aNV6wTa0RiNP2HifsHk0IbOMA_wj7r9Th_3giiqDe …
MAGA mr. President! you have more than half of the population behind you we all know that you won the popular vote as well
That is such a pretty dress Melania has. Did Dmitri Rybolovlev buy it?
Macron has single-handedly took the reigns as leader of the free world. You've relinquished power just as fast as it was given to you.
Why can't you walk with your wife?  What's wrong with you?
Who's coming back? @FLOTUS or @EmmanuelMacron wife?  Hear she's in GREAT shape!
