So you don't have the intelligence to understand Lindsey Graham's words. Sad!
Sure that's not your dementia Mr. President?
You said it & Graham has no need to lie. That's what you do!!!
Graham is a self-promoting, grandstanding buffoon whose holier-than-thou attitude is embarrassing. So.Carolina needs change! #MAGA
There is moral equivalency btw the KKK, Nazis & white supremacists. They're racists. You mistake them for "good people" b/c they support you
Your entire party agrees! You are causing extensive damage to this country. Sooner you leave the better!!!
For once, @LindseyGrahamSC speaks even for me.
Who wrote this for you? We can see these are not your own words.
in this November.
Too late.
Here we go again...
He's toast... In the Globalist G.Soros Deep State deep pockets him and his rotten cancer brain McCain. Lord knows. There will be a reckoning
You did say that

Just read Bannon interview in Fox News.  Mr Bannon should go.  He is not a policy maker.  He is out of his role and a bad distraction.
Sir with all due respect I haven't even taken the dog out this morning and ur already tweeting! Are you 14 or president?

This is a lie. PATHETIC and DESPERATE @LindseyGrahamSC is right
Stay the Course, We Stand With You! God Bless America! #MAGA #USA
MAGA is now the worlds ugliest slogan now that The Trump has openly shown his racist beliefs.
Really? Was its when he prayed at the wall in Israel that makes him racist? Or winning an NAACP award? I'm confused?
What he did 20 years ago does not erase what he did Tuesday.
He blamed both sides for the BS you mean? Both sides armed with weapons and body armor and shields and you think only one side is to blame?
What kind of president and person are you? Truly you are a joke
Yup! No where was that said. Sad people lie assuming others just believe them. Such low life's!
Want their 5 seconds of Fame based on nothing.
By all means, continue to attack Senator Graham, one of the only sane GOP members there. I'm sure he won't vote you out. #ImpeachTrumpNow
#GodBlessTrump keep fighting for us #MAGA
Publicity seeking? That's a pot calling a kettle black! As POTUS, you are the worst public speaker I have ever seen. Your racism shows!

Over here in UK we're making some stupid decisions.  STOP TRYING TO OUT-DO US!
We all heard you, Donald.  You can't blame the MSM for what flobbed out of your mouth.
Also, go ahead and bang on the one big GOP critic you have that's *unseasonably* restrained himself in regards to you.
How could he say that? As if you would understand what "moral equivalency" meant.  Is President Bannon up yet?
The Republicans are going to try and lose in 2018 in order to stop the Trump Train. Gotta vote folks!!!
Sieg Heil
So you have s problem with Lindsay Graham calling out your bigotry, but some KKK terrorists are "very fine people"?
MAGA has become a dog whistle for bigotry and hate.
I live in the United States, a country which has no President.
Leave! We have a great president!

I love this #POTUS. The only person left in #DC that speaks the truth and represents us!!!!!!! TY #DonaldTrump #MAGA
Isaiah 41:13
For I, the #Lord your #God, will #hold your right #hand, Saying to you, ‘Fear not, I will #help you.’
Are you a bot?
3 Years, 5 Months, 3 Days, 6 Hours, 40 Minutes, and 20 Seconds
Lindsey Graham sucks. Drain that swamp. #MAGA
You agree with your Presidents behaviour ?
Do you think this man is good for you and your family?
Better than Obama & Clinton. I'm living those health & housing nightmares now. Thanks.
Well things are only going to get better for you.
I agree, although it should be said I'm an independent libertarian & Trump wasnt my candidate of choice, but I do feel he's better than #p2
No- I think all people have that choice.
But let's get serious .... if you support Trump at this point, you deserve all that you get.
You can't show me one place made better by socialism or communism. Don't give me Scandinavia, or I'll school ya. We no longer have
Why do you do this? you have to know that twitter hates you by now right? are you so delusional that you think we accept you?
Lmfao right but you call yourself deplorable... Low self esteem or what?
No youre the brainwashed one. Lolol nice try though
I support you fully Mr. President. I heard what you said and I have heard your enemies distort it for political purposes. Drain The Swamp!
Your 39 racist supporters agree with you Jamie.
Yeah because if you support trump that makes you racist... Just how do you come up with that sh*t? Jesus, let this man have his opinion.
He supports Nazis and the KKK. Ergo, he's a racist. Not difficult to follow.
Nope he suports Trump. I don't even know how you Come from trump to fucking KKK.
Easy- turn on the television
Because some trump supporters are Nazis? 
Well that is just discrimination. He just supports trump that doesn't mean he is a Nazi.
Yeah - it actually does.
If I had been there, I would be standing up against the destruction of the statues. Non violent protesting. President Trump stood up for me!
What I find hilarious, is that I haven't seen or heard a peep from Kelly Anne Conway. The Queen of spin can't even do a thing with this...
#Trump said some "very good people" marched with Nazis in #Charlottesville
He is trash & SC has to never hand him back in seat of free money He never works he is always in media like he is dang @POTUS McCain 2
If you understood what the words "moral equivalency" meant, you would agree @LindseyGrahamSC is right.
I swear there are times you think you can use the Jedi mind trick on us, @realDonaldTrump.
You did say that!  LIAR! #traitor
Poor guy. Are you sad no one stands up to defend your perspective? Sounds lonely - take a spa day.
They r pigs
That's exactly what you said.  (And stop the insulting epithets--e.g, Crooked Hillary, Publicity-seeking Lindsey.  They're so childish.)
You called someone publicity seeking! You really do not have any self awareness.
Sen Grahm& Sen Mcconal have been some if your stauchest supporters. Don't alienate more supporters cause they have their own opinion.
U did
@lindsyegraham Thank you for using Trump's name in association with his false equivalency white supremacy views. #usehisname
Lindsey Graham is a publicity seeking hack.
The publicity seeking racist-in-chief is lying again. 
How do we know? His lips are moving and/or he's tweeting.
If words don't matter, then yours and his don't matter. But your speech did draw moral equivalency. SAD.
Drain the Swamp, Sewer!
Lindsey Graham is a typical self serving politician, no surprise here, he trashes everybody and thinks he is better than everyone
#ImpeachTrump
Dnt play their games he is prt of the swamp Focus on what We the People need frm u We'll take care of the swamp n 2018. #TotalFreshmanClass
It pisses me off that there was black panthers and BLM THERE and no one says a damn thing about them starting crap
tRump, Is this what winning looks like?  More of the same please!!!
NO, you said if the "leftist" had not shown up there would not have been trouble.
You did state it. Are you sure you didn't do a whole lot of cocaine back in your heydays? Your memory's as solid as yogurt.
You implied it Donald! Did no one tell you that the people will hold you accountable for what you say? #ImpeachTrump
Hey Donnie have you heard about these things called cameras? WE ALL WATCHED YOU SAY IT
Cameras? You mean Obama's microwave-ovens??? Donnie's afaid of those.... they always keep recording him 
Ask Falwell, Jr. to show you where the Bible basically says what you see is what you are: maybe you have a problem with publicity seeking
Says the human caricature of a bad reality show.
It wasn't just Lindsey Graham, jackass. Everyone who watched that shit show of a news conference heard you say it. Loud and clear.
Remember all those cameras and microphones in front of you? Graham didn't tell us you said it, we all saw and heard it, ya doofus!
Even if you don't. Why do you think David Duke was thanking you so emphatically? Get the hell out of out WH! #ResignNowTrump
You basically did say that! 
Ridiculous!
I AM sorry Mr President  that No BALLS Lindsey Graham and Kasich the snail the hang around like a fly  both do nothing
GOP failed miserably repealing Obamacare & too many (Graham, Ryan, McCain, Bush, etc) are Dem suck ups so MAKE HISTORY JOINING LIBERTARIANS!
WOW.. did he really?
Lindsey Graham is a fuckin tool.
Why does he keep getting elected? South Carolina please!
Why Mr. President did u get rid of a true patriot within your admin. ?
Hey Dani boy, try to speak like you have half of a brain.
Lindsay Graham looks to many people that he is a alcoholic he should be investigated Mr President and removed
He should be forced out of Office
...but #FakePOTUS, you DID say it. Also, don't call someone "publicity seeking" when all you do is lie about "yuge" ratings and crowds
Liar, I don't know why you even bother. Everyone knows there is no such thing as truth coming out of your disgusting mouth....
Lindsey is a girl name.
Seems like the GOP just doesn't appreciate you. They think you're stupid. Maybe you should become an Independent now. That'll show 'em.
You mean THIS guy?
Graham, McCain, Flake, & a few others ARE the primary pawns of swamp monster resistance
He is part of the looser squad!
Old Lindsey Lies and should be ashamed of himself!We know you LOVE all Races & All people.We hear you at Rallys and Press conferences!

Don. Don. Don. Your on vacation. Stop tweeting.
But you are. Trump you are a racist and not American!
Bet the boys at school knew & snickered & still Tweety-bird Donald couldn't be sure why exactly those boys were laughing at him.  So sad.
"on both sides", "what about the alt-left?" You totally dip, you lying joke!
You literally did that.
believe in. Removing history wrong others believe everything about USA is racist. They want to twist every word you say and it's hurting
Lindsey Graham could be sued for libel...if he wasn't a Senator. That's the only thing protecting him. I think we need to look at some laws.
Trump. Your followers heard what you said about the Virginia rally. And it was perfectly fine what you said!
We can hear the words that come out of your cesspool mouth.  When you speak, people hear you.  That is how this works for all humans.
It is interesting to watch you destroy yourself.no man is an island...unless you're donnie & you have a hair sail attached to your forehead
Yup. Dats vat you said. Shtop tryink to hide it.
There is moral equivalency between KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists. What are you saying?
Trump hates anyone that dont kiss his old ---s
WTF do you think "both sides, both sides" means?
Your words:
"I noticed that Stonewall Jackson is coming down. I wonder, is it George Washington next week"
Equivocation. Hope this helps!

Lindsey graham is the biggest loser he's not my republican he's a attention seeking child
*"Publicity-seeking" at least properly punctuate your insults.
What the hell does Lindsey Graham know about moral equivalency? He switches sides while words are half out of his mouth. He is irrelevant.
To you, everything someone else say is false. Please

Well people are agreeing with Graham this time
Publicity seeking Trump condones Nazis and white supremacists and then denies it.  Bad (or sick) guy!
K.k.k,neo-Nazis,White,Black,Muslim or what ever Cult,Adolf Hitler,Saddam Insane, Skul & Bones are all lead by # 1 all actions the same !
I sure would like to see Graham and McPain cast out of office .  Neither one of them is dignified.  Both are liars.
CrookedV.Trump still trying his slimy, failed "used car salesman" spiel to turn lies into facts, if you hate Nazis say so!
Fake news
I have to give you an atta boy, you are making America great again. Do you see those anti YOU crowds in Boston? Very very very big crowds
You did, you pumpkin head
@LindseyGrahamSC Please stop supporting this travesty. You are so much better than him.
Um, nope, you said it out loud in front of everyone. We all heard you. It's a thing. "Very fine people" and "many sides" and all that jazz.
We love you @realDonaldTrump . The rest of the spineless cowards in Washington are liars.
Pot..... meet kettle
Bombastic 45 got rebuked by MURDOCH, of all people!
Did you not see cameras and microphones?  Say what you mean, mean what you say.  Work on that.

SCROTUS - Look up equivalency. The statement you made equates peaceful protesters with armed demonstrators. Are you a racist or just stupid?

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Watched your whole statement and NEVER once did you say that.

If you won't say it, I will #LindseyGraham IS A LIAR
We have actual tape of you doing just that. Did you forget how cameras and microphones work, again?
I will also make bad customs in the US flow to the river in Japan = I did not do it
That's what you implied. Period (you should understand this no ?). You played with nitro and it blew in your face. You were warned no ? 
Pot, meet kettle. 
You said it on camera. Twice.
President Trump has been in office for 30 weeks, and 20 of those weeks have been called “the worst” by media.
If he's publicity seeking what does that make you?
Lindsey & McCain have a dirty secret they don't want anyone to know. But guess what , the media knows now. Everything. They better shape up
LOL you've never uttered the phrase "moral equivalency" in your life.  who wrote this?????
FYI I told him not to look for my support during his primary run.
@DiamondandSilk #inside the Good Ol' Boys Club #GOP
They always say lies like that about you. I can't stand them. CNN are a terrorist News Network.  They need to be shut down!
Liar.
Lindsey Graham needs to retire.
Lindsey needs to come out
All brainwashed, so it's ok to riot fight destroy call for assassination that's the left.no fan of kkk but their not gop dummies
Sen Graham wants politicians like Hillary to be exempt from abiding with federal laws. Maybe all Congress should be investigated & jailed if
Wasn't Lyndsey Graham one that was exposed by Wikileaks as having taken Hillary $$ to fight your administration?
Graham and McCain must go, they're turning into nutjobs just to get attention!
S. Bro refuses to talk to Trump because he equated protesters,like Ms.Heyer to KKK & WS.He never her name.Said fine people protested as well
Senator Graham doesn't need to seek publicity. He has established himself as a leader through long years of work. You?
Well you did, you're on record. You will forever stand condemned.
Conflict of interest trump, you don't work for "us the people" you only work for trump!
he`s a war mongering neo con...
#CowardTrump #WorstPresidentEver #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpFinancialCrimes #TrumpIsANazi #LockThemAllUp #TrumpGoesToJail #GetOutOfOurHouse

More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
You are the fraud.  DT, you have shown America your true feelings & we know by your inactions & failures speaking about #Charlottesville 
He's going to be a thorn in your crown for as long as your in office. Get used to it.
Nothing false you cockwomble. You said it in front of the cameras. You get those aren't microwaves they're holding right? #TrumpTard
Enough said.  Wait a week for an atifa rally.  Then the tables will turn
I don't think the Donald understands moral equivalency
That's all Lindsey Graham does is falsely state things because he's part of the establishment We Trumpers know exactly what you said & meant
Does anyone really listen to you talk. These people saying , you said this or that .And it's always wrong. We stand with you Trump.
Deaf much?
Your listening to the Left Media I see...
You're
Publicity seeking Trump falsely states he never said what he said.  (Do you even keep track of what comes out of your lying mouth?)
Just watch ur own video, u think we are idiots?!?!
