@realDonaldTrump If you had any heart or sand, you'd be in Houston right now! Do your job or #resign.
If you watch REAL news, Melissa,you would have heard, that it was recommended he wait, due to disrupting the flight path for rescuers.
I read the news, lady.  I read it in academically respected publications.  When I watch; I watch C-SPAN.  Assume a lot, do you?
Then why would you say he should be there if he had a heart? YOUR news doesn't mention that they told him it was best to wait till today!
...with a hurricane that is the worse than Katrina headed straight through Louisiana, where I live.  I'm tired and I'm sick of ppl like you!
Good luck, I hope your family will be safe :) regardless of your hatefulness towards me, and other Trump supporters 
I don't hate you.  I'm frustrated with POTUS and I don't understand the mentality that still supports him.
You want to understand the people who voted for him, watch the news that they watch, others never shows his good works, only edited clips.
Aerial photo from the top of @realDonaldTrump's head
I wish we had a president of action rather than a president of tweets!
Remember when this happened?
Looks like the evidence is there for collusion!  Is this why you tweeted so much about the hurricane -You thought this would come out sooner
Crybabies part time military service for  big people's not. Whinners
What is the "Texas Military Department"? Is that outside of the real American military? Is it funded by state gov't? Seriously.
We encompass all Texas National Guard and Texas State Guard groups.
Thank you for your response! Stay safe out there and thanks for your service.
Why don't you allow the victims of this hurricane stay at your hotels for free until they're allowed back into their homes?
They're not HIS hotels now! Stupid
They are run by his idiot kids but he is still collecting money. Kim if you are going to talk AMERICAN POLITICS know what U R saying
Also everything was signed over when he took the presidency... go and help the poor people in the floods and not make Nast remarks
U need HELP
As well as keystone line
Am praying for Americans from Texas.  My cousin stranded in her home in Houston because she listened to her Democratic Mayor & no evacuate!!
Donnie, think (if possible) about the climate change ...
It's just Texas. Relax people.
God bless the people of TX, thank you Pres.Trump for you quick and unending support.
Thank you to our military & police officers. Your work is above and beyond praise.Thank you to all that helped neighbor to neighbor. Prayers
The people going thru this flood, we are proud of @realDonaldTrump & @GovAbbott. Thank God for competent leadership that you all brought
3 Years, 4 Months, 22 Days, 5 Hours, 37 Minutes, and 3 Seconds
Trump will be gone in 7 Years, 4 Months, 22 Days, 5 Hours, 37 Minutes, and 3 Seconds
please let Trump be , is well with American the president has a good hearth
If you can drain the swamp you can drain houston,great job POTUS,great learning experience for Barron
For those with the understandable urge to attack this human turd, your attacks are also piling up on other agencies doing rescue
more useful response would be to reply with resource links or warn vics to file their insurance. Local organization: http://bayoucityfellowship.com/harvey/ 
Je me mai à toute personne qui soufre dans cette calonie
Merci de votre regard. A la population. Je suis. A votre. Côté
Accept aid from Mexico!
U seem to be under a misguided notion that Mexico is better. U realize they don't help during desasters only volunteers do That what u want?
They helped during Katrina. Sent in their military and their soldiers served meals, provided hundreds of medical examinations, and supplies
Considering putting foreign troops on American soil uninvited is an act of war. Either it never happened or bush ask them to help.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/story/2005/09/08/mexican-troops-aid-katrina-efforts.amp.html … Don't know if they offered or Bush asked but they were here. Snopes verified as well. Well documented. Either way,
I hope you have a good day. Raining and dreary where I'm at. Thanks for the convo!
You have done nothing to help They are drowning and you are pardoning poison people. You worried about ratings they worry about survival
Cathy what have YOU done to help?
President Obama neither pardoned Callahan nor ordered his early release.
Well I do know for sure that he pardoned drug dealers and let terrorists out of gitmo!
Good try for people
you are doing a terrible job, your disapproval rate is 58.6787% #HowDidWeGetHere
He's doing a hell of a lot more than you.
It's time to clean the swamp we are starting a movement is called the Trump rule for Congress we will be going to state by state to ratify
How about a picture of Trump Tower Moscow? #ImpeachTrump&Pence #TrumpRussia #Traitor #ShowUsTheTaxReturns #TrumpRussia #Traitor #TrumpRussia
Let Air Force One drop you and Melania off right in the middle of Houston! Then you can experience exactly what they're going through!
Mr. President, You in rehearsal for your performance in Texas. You have a hard time acting like you care 
#tuesdaymotivation #morningjoe
My heart & prayers w/ all military, EMERGENCY RESPONSE STAFF, & hero's known & unknown who wish, HELP & pray for #MAGA!!! #HEALHATE!
Thank u Mr. President always doing more than Barry ever would have done.
The big question. Which hat will you be wearing that you are selling on your web site?
No Liz, actually the big question how some of us are insensitive to the suffering in Houston, but eager to share their hate? Bad parenting?
I have relatives in Tomball, Hemphill and Austin.  You are making an awfully strong personal judgement with no basis in fact.
I have s son living downtown Tomball, Hemphill & Austin are not being affected like Houston. I live on north Houston, how R these facts?
Texas Military great thanks to you too. God bless you all as well.
How many gallons can we pump in future? Will oil supply water line and pump stations aswell
When they say don't look down. But you've got to see it to understand what fams are experiencing. The amount of water. #torrential rains
Thank God for all youAwesomeness
WTF is the Texas Military Dept?

that's exactly how climate change looks like!
Thanks for supporting the great folks of Texas Mr President!  Ignore the haters - you are doing a great job and we are praying for you!
AMEN, EUGENE
The first responders, volunteers and citizen heroes show us all the true America. A place where we look out for one another. This is America
I think the government would want to ensure federal buildings could endure future flooding. There will be more.
GG
with guy  be strong. Texas.
No one can rescue you from impeachment it will hit Hard


Much Love!
Good job
We and make a deal with China for waterline pipe. And keystones. 6ft. Submerged as assembled 80hr people need to rebuild
Thanks to all of you. 
@realDonaldTrump  News networks have a good handle on the situation.  Talk about Cohen & the emails & ur business ties 2 Russia u don't have
You are a great president!!!!
Water goes up and down right Trump
God has put a good President like Trump in this position for such a time as this.
If Trump being president (w/tiny p) is God's will then it must be God's will to wipe out most of tDumps base with Harvey. God bless.
Houston is a sanctuary City so if the hurricane is wiping out the base it is the dems base
#bots don't have opinions & don't get a say. "Get behind me Satan".
RT @TXMilitary: #PhotosFromTheField: Aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today. #Harvey #TMDHarvey @USNationalGu...
Elevate homes above   may be  preventive  option
so sad...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Fight climate change now!
- really?! You're choosing *now* for your political posturing?  Get a job - get a life- and get lost!
Climate change is science, not politics
- the choice to beak about it at this moment is politics - but, hey - "gamer" says it all. Mom's basement!
Climate change is why we're going to get a lot more of these "800 year" storms.
- quite likely, that said- bashing on about it in a political attack twitter isn't useful or time/place appropriate.
The problem is that six months from now, for anyone outside of Texas (particularly DC), "Hurricane Harvey" will be a trivia question.
And Trump and crew will continue to deny climate change is happening and that we need to do anything to prepare for it and try to stop it.
Thank You 
Amazing!! Thank you to all people & First Responders & Military #NationalGuard for rescuing the ppl in #Houston flood #Texas 
#Txwx
Love this, so true!#Pray4Houston
Thousands in need of rescue. Thanks to everyone helping. No thanks to tRump though. He hasn't done anything except cause divisiveness.
Thank You for coming to our Great State of TEXAS President Trump & First Lady Mrs. Trump. May God Bless my Fellow Texans @POTUS @FLOTUS
http://blog.thepowerofonemarch.org/help-hurricane-harvey-asd-families/ …
Interesting how a natural disaster turns political.  Low life scum put your energy into helping out, do anything to help
Way to Texas
Donald #MAGA
#MAGA?  If you don't feel America is great, tell us what year you feel it was last great, & if different what year you'd like to go back to.
If you care about #FreeSpeech then join #FreeBird owned and operated by #veterans who actually fought to defend your right to speak
Forgot the link...
OMG,  listen to the #crybabies!! You people crack me up.  Obama blah blah blah...
So sad. God Bless them all and You for sending aid so swiftly
Global warm up not here
I hope nobody got trapped in attics 
Wow.
Thanks for all you are doing.  It is a shame that so many are turning this into a petty political spitting match.
So much hate. I didn't like Obama, but never even had thoughts like these libs. #partyofhate
Thank you President Trump. God bless you and thank you sir for your sacrifice.
List Of Houston Area Shelters For Those Forced Out Of Homes
When you're taking pictures, you should save more people
And you feel NOW is the time to show up?

Taking vital resources (man power) away from assisting/rescuing people, etc.
Couldn't wait 1 week?

Gov Abbott: "I have NEVER Seen a President and Vice President respond as SWIFTLY & EFFECTIVELY to people in need like Trump/Pence!" #Harvey 
George-It is so clear that your only purpose is to stalk POTUS. I plead the blood of Yeshua against you and all of your minions!
My photos show that this was a planned operation. Explain it to the People . Why I have photos of the Storm weeks in advance
#TrumpHatersHaveNoCompassion   This is a flood rescue tweet!! Trump Haters STOP using this tragedy to spew your HATE tweets!! 
Keep up the great job Mr PresidentCRYING left bratty will always complain. Good thing looser Obama isn't in. There would be more divide.
The LEFT bitches, will cry no matter what happens. Keep moving forward. Something the LEFT can't do for our country. They going backwards.

The real horror begin when the waters recede trust me

And Donald Trump doesn't believe in Global Warming.
HORRIBLE!
Two terms...get used to it.  #GoGod #MAGA
You guys, on the net, we are all the same, with diffrunt, views. We are all the same grow people grow.
I hope the state of Texas and god bless
I heard that Osteen church is pretty dry right now

Very disrespectful every one that takes too our president the way you all do. Very wrong
Thanks for your efforts!!  God Bless

If you are in need of rescue, call 911 or the @uscoastguard Houston Command Center at 281-464-4851 
So sad, praying for y'all
Has anyone been to this address?
My aunt still has not been rescued. This is her roof window from the attic PLEASE PLEASE send help
 
820 Smith Rd Port Arthur, Texas 77640 
So go here.
Thank u 4 all ur doing to help Harvey victims & keeping America safe, Pres Trump. #MAGA
Why hasn't @POTUS accepted México's aid 4 #HurricaneHarvey? We need ALL help! Proof #PINTO is #UnfitToServe. #ITMFA
Says something doesn't it? While Trump is blasting Mexico on Twitter, Pres Nieto offered aid to the US regardless.
omg my heart sinks upon these awful dreadful pics..thumbs up to everyone cops military etc coming together and dealing with animals too!
Thank you can thank all Rep. We will be going to believe the AmazonWashingtonPost and unnecessary regulations.
My heart is so heavy for my fellow Texans prayers and thank you Mr. President for caring so much
Holy crap
Wow, just wow!!!
IN PRAYER FOLKS JUST DO IT~!
God is always reminding us there is always hope and that He is with us all the time, you just need to look for Him.
Does he have any spare umbrellas?
Praying for the safety of everyone conducting recuse efforts & those needing life saving help
Harvey Is What Climate Change Looks Like
It’s time to open our eyes and prepare for the world that’s coming 
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/08/28/climate-change-hurricane-harvey-215547 …
Unbelievable!
What? Wait, what? You are so proud of YOU? Why? Everything is about YOU? RESIGN, so you can focus on YOU. Unreal. 
De esto es que ustedes deben estar pendientes, NO de la riqueza del pueblo Venezolano.  
"Awesome"..GOD Bless You.
Thank you President Trump!! We are blessed to have you as President!!
Wasn't it mandatory evac? All pets should have been been removed from homes too.
People working hard. Put that Houston mayor on a boat Said it was too much trouble to get people out early The weather channel warned EARLY

Thoughts are with all those affected.
No tweets yesterday.  Strange.  Was you toilet broken?
So proud of you guys! And very thankful to have such heroes in this nation.  Texas is made up of #GoodStock 
Well done people, need a leader, they can reliel, on. Are the armed, forces there on hand.
@realDonaldTrump @USNationalGuard Trump's method of responding to disaster is to tweet photos?  Useless git!
@realDonaldTrump @USNationalGuard I like how the pool water still extra BLUE
Uhhhh woah! A tweet by an account that isnt by donald trump? Better whine about donald trump!
Nobody expected this! 

Except NOAA, Climate Scientists, Al Gore....
Really? nobody expected a hurricane except those geniuses?  Get a life squirt.
THANK GOD Gov. Abbott called Trump for help!
Be strong Houston. Help is on it's way!!
Wow total devastation in Texas. Thanks #POTUS you are my President!!!
All bots are welcomed to keep him.
Thank you for all your hard work to save the people
How is the pool ok??????
St. Michael the Archangel, 
defend us in battle. 
Be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the Devil.
Hopefully you are thinking about where to put all of these displaced people. That is going to be the crisis now and you better have a plan.
@realDonaldTrump @USNationalGuard stay safe 
Instead of turning this into some political battle let's instead marvel that somehow that pool has remained untouched by the flood water.
In a time of national crisis you think you haters can just take a break and try to help, do something constructive beside criticize SMH 
Yes, we know.
May our God keep you safe
That's awesome to see President Trump rescue crews and people from the communities come together to rescue those in need even pets
We are praying for you and your families as they await for you to return safely from running into harms way for the sake of our Americans.
Fake far left news reporting our POTUS is making this gif awful storm political. So typical
#MAGA
Thanks Mr. President, you are very efficiency.
Efficiency? Wtf?
When trolls belittle what's happening in Texas by bashing the POTUS who is helping more than any president ever, speaks volumes of them!
So sad
Thank you to the service men and women in Texas for exceptional work. On behalf of all Americans I'm sorry you have to deal with this thread
God Bless All That Have Lost Everything And To All Who Have Sent Aid And Funds And To All The Servicemen And Women. And All Who Have Helped.
Too bad you've cut their funding.
FMCSVSF
.
#POTUS doesn't care about anything but money.
.
#TreasonousPOTUS

#RussianPuppetPOTUS
.

Always the hat. Even alone. They did not wear hats.
Awesome! Thank you military for your help.
And YOU Donald revoked Obama's executive order to help in hurricane/flood crisis! A truly Disspicable human being!
God please be with the people in TX watch over, protect,  lead and guide them all with Your powerful hands, ib Jesus name I pray
Trump is saying "yea that's my people i sign their checks, and I will fire anyone who does not agree" long live trump! Trump u are a bafoon
stay safe and Godspeed
Please stay safe everyone!
Congratulations 
No photos from Air Force One surveying Houston? Too big of a hurry getting to next "rally"? Or golfing?
