We support you @realDonaldTrump
If Puerto Rico becomes a state fine. If not forget them. Let them become their own thing.
OMG you are batshit crazy. You need to be removed before you ruin the country.
Pepe be like 
. @realDonaldTrump is President of USA. Sad!
Another well written tweet from our dim-witted and mentally unstable president
YOU are letting @SpeakerRyan and the @FreedomCaucus take away health insurance from sick BABIES and cancer patients.
Words "disastrous" and "Obamacare" don't belong in the same sentence. ACA has saved countless lives, expanded coverage, made HC affordable.
....and cost tax paying, home owning, working people like me to have their rates go up over 400% since it's inception. Disastrous indeed.
I like how you just threw Puerto Rico in there, they don't deserve their own tweet? You know that Puerto Rico is part of America right?
#Sad is #TrumoCare. Kicking 24M off their insurance and also taking away the pre-existing conditions clause. #DonTheCon
Would you care to explain or was this just another one of your random thoughts that just pop into your empty head to distract us tax reform?
....suuuuure.

#impeachTrumpnow #SoCalledPresident #FakePOTUS
No. Their trying to save the lives of people who will die if you remove pre-existing conditions protection. Just for your rich friends. SAD!
You DO know that Puerto Ricans pay US federal taxes, right?
Um, you do know Puerto Rico is part of the US right? And Puerto Ricans pay Federal Tax too
What the heck..is this why the U.N. is involved.. why are we paying for another country?
Liberals Lie!
Stand Strong President Trump ! Not another Penny wasted in Obama Care!
Complete fabrication but keep trying
And your taking mini vacations and golfing on our tax dime.
don't let happen POTUS
Your spending my tax dollars on 19 golf outings and your wife not wanting to live under the same roof as you. Sad!
#PROFITS_OVER_PEOPLE

#GOP_PIGS_SLAUGHTER_THEM
Maybe stop trying to blame others for your shortcomings.
They need to stop!!! Let it fail!!!
Did you know that Puerto Rico is part of the US? Just asking.
#GoPresidentTrump 
@realDonaldTrump is lying and wil fail at his tax plAn and disastrous #Obamacare replacement and will harm Puerto Rico with his "plan". SAD!
Donny It would not be surprising if you star a war with Korea  before of Yates hearing to HIC  in Order to distract from your Golden shower
it is showing you backed down on Obama Care and will continue paying for it. WHY? You backed down on the wall and now Obama Care
How are they going to bail out Puerto Rico w/o your signature? That won't happen. What needs to happen is that the people pay FICA there.
But Trumpcare will cover everyone, be much better and much cheaper. 45 is a big, orange pyramid scheme.
There never was a TrumpCare. He lied about it on the campaign trail, then farmed it off to Ryan who wrote a 60 page bill on the back of a
cocktail napkin, and tried to ram it through. These fools remind me of the jocks in high school who never did their homework.
You are only using our tax dollars for vacations, Melania security since she doesn't live with you, and chocolate cake.
You say vacations?.100  million dollars..spent on vacations..Obama..Trump actually owns Mara Lago..
Trump is outspending Obama 8 to 1 on vacations.
He OWNS Mara Lago..unlike Obama..vacations to Martha Vineyard..Africa..etc..
Yes. Staff and SS are required by law to pay for food and lodging. All of that goes to Trump. Sit down.
Are you mad that Trump is succesful?..
No. I'm disgusted he is using presidency for profit. Openly corrupt.
Under that logic..Obama just made 400k..because he WAS the President....
Honey, "and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars" isn't proper English. And I know you think it sounds cool but shouting "Sad!" is a bit...sad.
This really is a jumble of clauses and nonsense, Donald. It's almost as if it's written by a random Tweet generator! Go be with Melania.
I am tired of my tax dollars going to your wife because she doesn't want to live with you.
Ok. The previous 8 years were ok? You didn't mind paying for grandma nanny and all the Obama  vacations? Hypocrites and racists
Trump is on pace to outspend Obama's 8 year vacation budget in his first year and you are ok with that?
When the fuck did libtards become so frugal?
Shut up you have no clue what the hell youre talking about as usual
Is what u portray here the reason Y U R so slow to respond to PUERTO RICO disaster?
Incoherent senility frm the Lasher Out in Chief.  Wouldn't you love to see these senators say "Get him out of the Oval.  He's fired!  FIRED!
Holyhell! This is an old tweet. Now I see he doesn't give a shit about #PuertoRicans disaster. Maybe we should house them here & vote blue!
Dotard!
@realDonaldTrump doesn't understand the word sad. He lacks empathy, uses it exclusively in the accusatory. His response to PR makes me sad.
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. ...
Hello
Know what? I'd rather spend my tax dollars on aid to PR than allow you & yours to spend MILLIONS per weekend so you can golf & launder.
This one is going to age well.
You need to read what I sent you guys today:
The disaster is you. #nepotism #Emoluments #RICO #fraud #RussianDebts
Says #DraftAndTaxDodgingDon POS @POTUS, who STIFFED #PuertoRico for $33 MILLION in back taxes from FAILED @TrumpGolf course! #Impeach!
And #PuertoRico now?
What???
aren't you playing golf with our tax dollars?
Seriously, where do you come up with this stuff?  You make no sense.
PR is a US Commonwealth.  It's people are US Citizens.  It's economic problems were created by US investment bankers.  It is our problem.
Economic problems of PR were created by Puertorricans
Must be nice to be so naive and ignorant
No they aren't.
Your tax plan specifically provides tax breaks to insurance company executives because they bribed the GOP to screw over Americans #corrupt
We're currently burning $1 million/day in taxpayer money between your weekly vacations & Melania's NYC security. Where's the outrage?
Your tax plan gives your family a multi-BILLION dollar tax break. I don't think any of your voters thought that the 0.001% needed tax breaks
As for example Puertorican pay Social Security like any other American but then they don't receive the whole benefit like a US state... 
There is another one of those word you use so much Sad!
Did you forget? Great America? Well Puertorriqueñs are Americans too! We are Americans and our president hates us!
@No way 
Crazy D, you literally posted this same tweet 3 times. This is not normal. The ranting. The forgetting.  You clearly have dimentia.
@SheriffClarke DON'T DO IT.
#grrrrrrrrrrr so much GREED & #agendas
Democrats are trying to cover Americans so hospitals and providers don't get stuck with the bill!!
#Democrats are real people who care about US Citizens, you know, like those in US Puerto Rico..  Asshat
says the FAKE POTUS what's the matter tough job! You and the Repubs control it all stop the blame game
No way! 99% of Dems in Congress are corrupt. Can't we just put them all in jail? What's happening with Susan Rice? When is prosecution?
I'm sure I'm not the first to point out It's their tax dollar's too, cause they do pay most US taxes.
You are a fn' joke, you rob from us weekly, you won't show your tax returns, yet create a tax bill to rob more?
I remember when you were a Democrat
What's SAD is you're more worried about getting rid of these immigrants who work and do the jobs Americans won't!! Get real @realDonaldTrump
I guess you're not aware that Puerto Rico  is an American Territory!
MAKE HEALTHCARE GREAT AGAIN  ..Negotiate with Bernie Sanders  (I) He will make you look good with single payer.
Quit playing the Blame game.  RESIGN
You're sad and out of your league Donny.
Stop lying, FFS. The American Medical Association is against your disastrous #TrumpCare, 
but hey... "Sad!"
Pffft. What do a bunch of highly educated, trained "so-called" doctors know about fkn' "healthcare"? Everyone knows science is for "LOSERS" https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/857674137791320064 …
You are steeling our tax dollars for Putin!!! #trumprussia
You want the middle class to be raped when you give tax breaks to the rich and companies like yours. Your tax plan is nothing but a disaster
with Illinois and California on deck to have U.S. Taxpayers bail them out for decades of horrible financial management. Please don't do it!
do not spend our tax dollars on this and call out all of the ones trying to do this by name and do it on tv .
Shame on you, liar.
Trump doesn't want to help Americans if they have brown skin - Racist!
President Trump, Republicans won this round. Dont let the democrats push you around like that. What are replubicans doing?
Don't let them
SIR DON'T DO IT. GRAB THIS FAKE "GOVT SHUTDOWN" BY THE HORNS AND DESTROY THIS MYTH. WE SUPPORT YOU 360%. GOD BLESS YOU.
@qtbeauty Donald be a great leader not a puppet 
The Congressional Democrats are idiots as are the Establishment Republicans!
The Dems want to see you fail along with a couple in the GOP!! Stay strong! The people are behind you
Quit it Donald, you know you are not speaking the truth . Replace Obamacare with cruelty towards Americans. Sad , will never pass.
I'll bet @realDonaldTrump doesn't know the true facts regarding Puerto Rico "bailout". Any takers?
Liar.
our tax dollars go to your golf trips, security for your wife that prefers to live away from you, and your sons limos
you do understand Puerto Rico is part of the USA? Right? So is Hawaii... or are you "joking" just like a Sessions?!? 
How about telling the truth for a change?
Meanwhile, Tom Price spent 60,000 of our tax money flying in private planes to near places he could have used a car and driver for.
It's money well spent compared to your golf habit & family cost to stay in NYC

Puerto Rico pays taxes to the US Government. Bailout is not to insurance, but to keep people covered with medical care.
"SAD"....#FailingDonald,  now we call you #veryfailingDonald,  #extremelyfailingDonald
We just gone stop paying taxes period. Paying taxes has never helped us at ALL. PERIOD. ONLY PROVED WHO'S GREEDY AND THE LIARS. GTFOH
Also as President how the fuck do you not know that Puerto Rico doesn't qualify for Chapter 11 bankruptcy?
Also Puerto Rico voted to become a state in 2012, fucking do your duty and admit them into the union

support you on this.  None of these whiners asked their idol how much tax $ he spent on golf! #hypocrites
And U would rather let people go without insurance and jobs just to try and prove a point! All U prove is UR ignorance and pettiness!
Very sad.

And just where is that money for YOUR wall coming from? Oh...taxes?- that's right.
Puerto Rico is America.
Stop blaming everything on others, just admit your a horrible president
It seems to me you do not know how much money Puertoricans pay to the United State get your facts right and then right this type of bullshit
You're trying to build a wall with our tax money...even sadder
Bubble boy.
You're rlly gonna start pointing fingers ovr the misuse of tax dollars? Tell your kids to stop using my tax dollars to shill your shit brand
Wrong all the way! GOP is the majority so they did not pass resolution to cancel obamacare!PR is not allowed to bankrupt so no funds needed!
When you fail....blame someone else.  Can't take responsibility for your actions.  More than just sad.
Liar.
Not to worry. Every so often PR votes for stateship or sovereignty and fails. This time no different.
you are giving them path to charge more for less& not cover basic health services like vaccines/emergency/hospitalization how is that great?
You're spending more on bombs.  Your party has majority vote.  No energy.
Well they are a United States territory. And almost became the 51st state. They deserve our help! They are Americans! America first!
How is Puerto Rico disastrous?
Your tax plan sucks. Anyone with a brain can see that you are just trying to funnel money to the wealthy. What a slimeball! Gross!!!
You know Puerto Rico is part of the USA, right?
You do realize that Puerto Rico pays taxes, right?  I mean just because YOU don't....
More lies from the #fakepresident. TRUMP BLAME GAME soon to be canceled.  #Trumprussia #russiagate
You're Sad! #LiarinChief #BLOTUS #DontheCon #70yearoldtoddler #russiagate #Trumprussia #corruptfirstfamily #wethepeople #showyourtaxes Sad!
Getting tired of yahoo  twisting and lying about president TRUMP need to fire their news staff and hire more  qualified staff
Don't use them
Trump is trying to line his pockets on the backs of the lower and middle class. Sad!
You're a Republican. The House is Republican. The Senate is Republican. stop blaming the Democrats.
From the man who had 6 bankruptcies! #deadbeat #hypocrite
.@realDonaldTrump better use of tax payer money than your weekly golf  vacations in Florida #hypocrisy #trump100days #ResistTrump
Sad. Sad. Sad. Sad. Donald Trump please report to English class and learn some new words.
Don't let it happen.
wrong! Puerto Rico has been beaten up by the US govt since invading it over 100 years ago. Stop tweeting and start reading.
Are you worried there won't be enough for you to golf every weekend..
and the american people still want to see your tax returns, sir..how many of the companies you work with belong to your cabinet members. ALL
Americans have been bailing out your golf game since the first week you took office.
What's "sad " is that so many voted for you, and were so blind. That's the saddest part of all this mess. And btw...you're #notmypresident
Your 1st 100 days have shown ur policys r nothing more than profit over people & designed to benefit only the wealthiest America's. Sad!
That was the plan! To implode the insurance industry then have big brother bail us out! AKA tax payers!
just a another privileged man w money to not even help
Sad is you being the President of the United States, Sad!
You want to give huge tax breaks to yourself and the rich at the expense of the poor and middleclass
Instead of bashing Democrats to excite your ignorant supporters,  why don't you just do something! Show some class.
H E Double Hockey sticks NO.
