Lmfao! Having to listen to people's actual opinions of you must hurt huh?
This coming from a man who lies daily? You’re an embarrassment. Resign.
Absolutely!
Are u the president of the United States? Check:      yes or No
Attention viewers. Real news is only on@CNN & @NBCNews!! Trump & Fox have been proven wrong. Murdoch & Trump talk everyday coming up w/lies!
It’s going to be so fun to watch you perp-walked into prison.
You are just frickin boring now Dotard  - worst leader of any country ever

You’re supposed to be the leader of the free world...start acting like it
How dare you suggest any news outlet is worse than CNN. Impeach!
I don’t think your actions in this matter are legal. Clearly you’re using the Office of the President to attempt to negatively influence private companies. You aren’t winning now and you won’t win later. You are fucking with the USA and we ain’t having it. SAD FOR YOU!!!
VIEWERS BEWARE: He's describing himself... Again  his "tan" is fake news #TrumpIsAMoron
Don't you have anything better to do? Wild fires in California need some attention. PR is a humanitarian disaster. You're an embarrassment
#RESISTRUMP
People are suffering in PR and dozens of California are dead, and you haven't said anything about them. Instead you whine about the NFL &-
cry about the media. Man up and do your freaking job
You are the source of all lies!
Never as dishonest as you though
Enough! All of these tweets prove daily obsession with "self" and not "country". Also prove this madman watches TV 24-7 on our dime.#Impeach
As dishonest as you?
Covering for Harvey Weinstein, sickening!!
#25thAmendment
I only listen to what you listen to.
how about Breibart who uses nazis to work on stories?

You could make better use of the 140 character limit by rephrasing it to - "I don't like people who expose me! Waaa! Waaa!"
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting @POTUS is. Citizens beware. May be worse than even @realDonaldTrump!
WOZÉER OL BARRY OL SLICK WILLY EVEN THE BENGAZI KILLER @HillaryClinton tryin to distance themselves from their own so called friend LMFAO!
$50 says NBC is the network currently holding the bombshell #RussiaGate story.
Nah, disagree. #NBC #MSNBC are the real deal. They're not your puppets!
Türk medyası ve üst bürokrasisi vize yasağıyla yatıp kalkıyor!Trump'ın bu olayı s2ne taktığı yok!Bide ABD ye size ihtiyacımız yok diyor!:))
BEST POTUS
No. Worst ever
Any attention is good attention right?  Stop acting like a child.
Agreed. My wife is hooked on the @TODAYshow but I refuse to watch. It’s not the same show/channel it was in the 90’s. She is slowly seeing

Someone's got some tapes.
Worse than the White House?
Why is @realDonaldTrump constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? Wait he hated @BarackObama 4 doing this
Why is Glenn crying?
Harvey Weinstein could have easily hired @HillaryClinton to silence his victims! That's what she did for Bill
The Democrat Party has a creep problem!
From Anthony Weiner, to Bob Menendez to Harvey Weinstein -- The "Democrat Elite" sure have a special kind of way of showing affection
Hillary wouldn't deal with Harvey Weinstein, but Jeff Sessions will! FBI/DOJ is all over it!
Democrats will be Democrats
Why won't dems condemn creepy @JoeBiden?
The deep state will NOT stop President Trump!
Hopefully not!!!







President Trump please talk about Russia as our International Space partners don't let the media make them out as our enemy. With so much at stake, show us the future .
Make no mistake the only thing Russia wants from us is us. Entirely. Peacefully surrendered and fully under their red white and blue, bars of the Russian flag.
Sounds like someone knows that The Apprentice outtakes are coming out soon...
Release The Apprentice tapes!! Let’s see the real Donald! Because apparently the bus ride wasn’t bad enough and still got him elected!
The brainwashing news networks.....
They blame u 4 sexual misconduct? They r t/1s who r abusing women; t/truth is coming out!!! Finally u will b vindicated n the publics eyes!!
Dude!!! Trump BRAGGED ABOUT sexual assault and 12 women came forward w/their accounts, many of which they’d told 2 friends or family at the time. “I just kiss” & “u can do anything if ur a celeb...grab ‘em by the p*ssy” was an admission of guilt.
Nice try 2 stray from the real issue that Trump is not a racist. Oh how they tried; Please tell me 1 racist comment that has been recorded.
Racist: Obama was not born n the U.S/he’s not like us; Mexico is sending rapists; Telling his Penn rallygoers 2go2 polling places n “other” areas & “watch” 4 voter fraud, “u know what I mean”; his painting Black neighborhoods as hellscapes; CentralPrk5...I’m outta space.
None of this has anything 2 do with the disrespect shown to our Flag, Countries Anthem at a sporting advent; u r on the loosing side w/#7!!
Back to Trump’s divisiveness. He made this about disrespect for the flag/anthem. Red meat for his base.
Its always about business 4 Trump; if it was all white players taking a knee n protest he would've done t/exact same thing callin them sob's
What business? Re white players, I doubt it but I guess we have no way of knowing.
Slm
I do agree mr president you know better smart but they hate you like they hate me no reason that’s life is tough n a bitch .

Very true all liars sucks so sad
NBC News & CNN News - When will you grow up? Everyone knows that you are fake News and your are the far Left; anti-God;  Cultic, and Evil!!
Today on the news Trump's Administration is thinking of  increasing the gasoline tax to pay for  infastructure repair for the roads and bridges , etc.
The Administration gave us some extra money in our paychecks. With their other hand taking it back. Gasoline tax, what tax next
was it fake when it aired what you said about how you grab women by their GENITALS????. Or when you spoke about your daughters rear end., some of your other sexual harrasing behavior of your past. When will you resign, or be fired?? you have dirty hands mr. and the day is coming.
Yes and they are destroying themselves, all the lies are so obvious it just galvanize s your base
The galvanizing has a hole in it and is beginning to leak a bit a slow but steady drip. the loss of support of the base will eventually weaken the structure, will it not?
Stop tearing the country apart with your dishonest rhetoric. Leave the WH. You will never be president of the people.
so true thank you
We quit watching and recording NBCNews and CNN. They are like that church shooter - Hateful and Evil. They broadcast to destroy.
that's good. stay blind and ignorant is just how Hitler and Putin run their countries one is dead the other is alive. they receive no news. only state supported news what Putin wants them to hear. in a world he rules. This is trumps plan.

Perhaps you should go help Puerto Rico.
Trust me, if I was wealthy I would have flown out there myself. Instead, I've been donating money every week.
It comes down to the incompetent leaders of P.R. not doing their job and being prepared of what was coming.
Trump spent 4 hours in Puerto Rico, tossed paper towels like it was some celebrated event, had lunch flown in 4mMiami. Wasting tax payers $
That picture was from like 10 days after the devastation. That's not a reasonable response to a catastrophe.

NEWS IS OK:
LoveOBAMA!
So I should definitely watch then because they MUST be onto something if they have you running scared!
Fake president!!
Neither NBC nor CNN are as dishonest or disgusting as YOU and that's why people are watching them for Impeachment updates!
You're the most dishonest person I know. You lie all the time. @realDonaldTrump
Look in the mirror when you say that. Then ask yourself that same question.

#PoorDonald--people are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting he is. Maybe the #WorstPresidentEver
does anyone else feel like T. doesnt read tweets. I mean I tried nice,harsh and he never tweets back. I like CNN NBC.
I think you meant Fox News.
How the fuck do you go to sleep at night!!
People are now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting DJT is.  Beware!
May be word than Hitler
We know you MEANT Faux News is dishonest and FAKE NEWS! (hint: That's what 'faux news' means!)
The only FAKE NEWS is FOX  NEWS. Viewers beware of thatREAL FAKE NEWS
The orange moron is talking again!!!!!
They have been dem propaganda machines for at least 2 decades, Americans are waking up to that truth.
Fake leaders are worse
#andtheparanoiagoeson
Said a fake president 
Above all else Trump is a Con
What do you do to make sure you are consistently honest and correct? What are you reasons for thinking citizens shouldn't beware of you?
#FIFY!!
You should stop bashing the press????
So you are the only one that is the truth

You and HITLER have a lot in Common, Donald.
So ineloquently states the @POTUS King of Fraud!
There would not be so much bad press, if there was a person of character and distinction in the White house. All we have is a moron.
Why don't you worry about Puerto Rico or California? We can figure out what's fake and what isn't. (Hannity)
I am ahead of the curve I knew they where full of crap a long time ago
We love them and they are liked more than you which is not hard.
You have real issues. This is nothing but school yard bullying
I know right    the JFK redacted files  are going to be interesting read  Mr President
that must be why they are at the top!  You aren't Putin!  You may be compromised but Americans will prevail.

You are a lying traitor! Stop golfing wasting tax payer money + do your job!

Trump mocked McCain for getting captured, attacked a Gold Star family, lied about Obama calling the families of fallen soldiers, and politicized Kelly’s son's death. This is not a man burdened by empathy for those who served.
Now we find out the $60M answer to the NBC tweets. Is it Oleg & Vlad that you're trying to help out?
THERE FINDING OUT JUST HOW MUCH OF A FAKE YOU ARE. 25TH AMENDMENT COMING YOUR WAY CANT WAIT TILL YOUR FIRED
Not nearly as dishonest as you, lying sack of crap.

The Three Stooges Blumenthal Murphy Molloy Democrats running Connecticut into the ground can you help me with advice to get rid of them
No we have always know Fox News is radical right wing terrorist propaganda.
Does anyone really believe this egregiously daft, and compulsive liar of a petulant child?
You clearly know that they have the dirt on Manafort, and YOU. They are taking you DOWN. Enjoy prison--I am sure they show FOX there.
Their credentials, you will find actual journalists, unlike Fox, As you once said, most republicans are so stupid. They believe anything.
Why because they don’t cover up your lies like Fox News fox news schould be removed from the air just for covering up all  your lies
I sure hope they are waking up!!!
you realize every time you say Fake News we tune in because they have real info on you, right?
Give it up Trump.
People are fed up with the fake news coming from the White House.
Beware, the author of “fake news” is paying too much attention to what’s on airwaves. Want to control the media Trump??
Distract and deflect... #MuellerIsComing PS a lot of us have known for a while how dishonest and disgusting you are. Sad!

The worst fake news in history is Trump's lies about where Obama was born! He should feel ashamed!
Billions around the world see you as dishonest and disgusting.  Lying and deceiving citizens for fake popularity.  Seriously deluded.
Which step in your plan to dismantle the American democracy is this?
The most fake , dishonest, disgusting thing in the news today is yourself. You are an embarrassment and a (bad) joke.
You mean how dishonest and disgusting you are? (Fake Trump). US beware. May be worse than we thought.
Heard anything about new rules from @Twitter on stopping people abusing @POTUS in their tweets? #ShadowGovernment
Twitter CEO @jack promises new tougher rules on abuse, hate symbols after boycott #womenboycotttwitter  https://nbcnews.trib.al/R5BwA42  
Knew it since 9/11.
Stop acting like an African dictator
And @FoxNews takes the cake more retracted stories than any other actual news station! #fakenewsfox #LiarInChief
Fake News was invented by Fox News (Faux News--look it up).
You were shown a graph of Nuke arms levels. You pointed to 1961, which was the highest in history and asked why we couldn't go back there.
Oh ok, then it will b cbs, abc, on &on & on... such a dull tool...
We always knew!  Thank God we have a president that fights back!!
People are just now starting to find out how many women trump sexually assaulted.  Big shame!
Are these Americans you talking about?
The dark triad is a subject in psychology that focuses on three personality traits: narcissism, Machiavellianism, and psychopathy.....
...Use of the term "dark" implies that people possessing these traits have malevolent qualities. All three dark triad traits are....
..conceptually distinct although empirical evidence shows them to be overlapping.Associated with a callous-manipulative interpersonal style:
1. Narcissism is characterized by grandiosity, pride, egotism, and a lack of empathy.
2. Machiavellianism is characterized by manipulation and exploitation of others, a cynical disregard for morality....
and a focus on self-interest and deception.
3. Psychopathy is characterized by continuing antisocial behavior, impulsivity, selfishness, callousness, and remorselessness
Why don't you appoint a special prosecutor to look into collusion between media and the DNC. There is evidence of that
by taking their hc, their workers rights, their privacy rights, their environment, and their overttime?
thankfully they will never be as bad of a pathological liar as you are. "Don the Con - the Lying Moron!"
Wish I could speak with you for 10 minutes.
Do you see what you write before for you just let your foot do whatever
Yes
Idiot
The locked accounts on Kennedy's assassination was due to be released 50 years later, it's 50 years later, don't take credit for it...

Nothing surprises me anymore. Media has absolute power and are corrupted absolutely.
The o my fake thing about politics today is YOU, Trump.  NBC and all the other REAL news stations are not spewing fake news but you are
The only fake news I hear about is how you’re a good president and claiming all of these sources “fake news”. -_-
How's that full on dementia treating you donny boy?
Nope! Thank God forvthe press trying to keep you from going crazy! Thanks God for the news!
No worse than our Fake President.

So STOP WATCHING!! Little
 's, pussy grabber, 5X's draft dodger chicken  shit!! 
you mean your news source Fox. umm.
what people and how many. if your going totweet like that give us your source. or is it ur imagination
No one is more FAKE or a GREATER LIAR then #TrumpLies #LiarInChief #Trumpisafailure #Trumpisafailure
you are the fake Trump

@you are fake news. You and Fox, with approximately the same number of untruths told daily.
Agreed
No Fox entertainment,breitbart and allthings alex jones are fake news which makes you fake potus
Wait until we get the facts ON Russia my friend, you will then be sitting in prison hopefully for the rest of your life
Your presidency is the worst America has ever had.  It’s dishonest and disgusting. Make America great..resign!
You mean Fox!
And how much fake news have you spread sir  took you how long to admit obama was not born in Kenya. You a lying sack of poop sir
Fox is on that same list, fyi
Fox is not as bad as: ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, MSNBC, Bloomberg, NYT & WaPo. Like @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @HARRISFAULKNER @LouDobbs
Thank you for blowing the whistle on the press.  They haven't figured out yet that they have already lost.
We know how disgusting you are.
Trump is the biggest liar ever... nothing he says is true. #TrumpIsAMoron
What people fake POTUS? Oh you mean the 30% who are your sheep without a shepherd
Hardly. I trust NBC & CNN before FOX & you.
Awwww..... man-baby crying again. Someone get him a new box of Depends. He's shitting himself. #Liar #Traitor #Trash
Hmmm... think I'll now watch Fox News instead of Morning Joe and Lester Holt. Thanks for the enlightenment
Starting to miss Nixon.
No, I don’t think so. I think you just make things up and some idiots believe you. You are the only fake thing.
No. You and Fox News are fake. DOTARD
Wake up, sheeple.  A president who disparages the free press is DANGEROUS.
Someday you will pass away, still mad about the fucking news. You're wasting your life.

You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. You lie. LIAR!
About time!!!
They all are the bottom of the barrel.
Kettle / Black!
