On behalf of GA-06 in DeKalb Co., shut up! We have worked our asses off for @ossoff. Positive campaign, no sleazy attack ads. #FlipThe6th
From little old mebin Oklahoma... thank you for the hope this election is giving us stuck in red districts!!!!! Thank u!!!
Fingers and toes crossed! I used to live in a very red part of ATL burbs and it was tough! Standing on my blue island  waving hello!
You seem to be very concerned about Mr. Ossoff. Is that because you know the rise of millennial candidates means the end of you?
Populist bullshit from an elitist millionaire who gives zero fucks about the populace. After his lies revealed-they still buy it. Depressing
Lies?  What lies? And being rich doesn't make a person not care about Americans.  Obama and Killary hate America -and they're rich!
That's cute. Obama & Hillary's net worths dont even equal the taxes Trump would hsve paid but didn't
#FlipThe6th If anyone knows what it means to be a disaster, you are the man.  When does your kind of winning ever begin? #TrumpRussia
Hussein Obama is the disaster.  It will take decades to undo his damage!
Oh shut up! You're the last person the majority of intelligent Americans listens to.
If all of we @POTUS supporters would quit going to the movies for about a year we would get their attention! 
#Ossoff has a young, healthy, plump brain that can create and focus#Unlike the atrophic, sleep deprived, raisen in Trump's cranium
you left out the adderall.
Adderall, testosterone and growth hormone#Ask Dr. Oz#Rich mans youth elixir
Vote Ossoff! Get rid of these Russian traitors!
Russian traitors?  Even if true, better than moslem traitors.
#POTUS very weak on comprehension & understanding, & no desire to learn about the job he wanted so badly he got Russia to help him. #impeach
You watch way too much MSM!
Typical cop-out response. I pay attention to what's really going on.
Jon Ossoff is a puppet of George Soro's. Jon dosn't even live in you're district but yet he want you're hard earned tax money.
George should spend his millions on helping unite and support many Forgotten Americans
You mean George Soros?  He hates America and Americans.  He hates the western values.  He is NOT a humanitarian!
I understand  what upsets and worried me so he keeps funding a lot of this Resist movement that has a regular track of potential violence
When Trump brags that Ossoff falls short of 50% of the vote, remind him he only got 46% of voters in November.
Different situation.
Does he even live in GEORGIA? He is getting outside donations! How is that legal?
You're bad for jobs! 90k last month, down from Obama's months-long run, plus stocks, mainly Goldman's falling, falling, falling.
I think you might want to research Obama's "run" a little more deeply.
Keep reading your Russian-sponsored newsfeed.....
And Jon Ossoff says he has no admiration for you, so. #ImWithOssoff
Shut Up and #ShowYourTaxes !
Shut up and demand Obama's school records!
Ha! He's got liberal "man" written all over him. Not an attractive look.
I'm wasting my time trying to educate you, but he golfs on his own property.  He isn't taking a salary.  Can your golden boy Obama say that?
Also a George Soros backed troll! We need to get behind Karen Handle for June runoff election! We don't want Obama's #PajamaBoy Jon Ossoff!
I'm with you. Sending her a check.
Isn't it sad that the left say they're for free speech until you disagree with them? @smihaylo @Crexendo
Dear Mr.Trump  support from CroatiaGod bless you ,just continue to be fearless but careful.Protect peace and Christianity
HAHAHAHAHAHA! Here come the bought and paid for Soros Trolls  and all they say is Blah, Blah, Bloopity Blah! 
Congress is a disaster. There should be term limits and they should use government email accounts for work. #cleantheswamp
You're the disaster! President Disaster! #PresidentDisaster lmao #Traitor #NotMyPresident #Resist #RESISTANCE

Me, too! 
Other than all of what "the Donald" said is made up, and he doesn't know who Ossoff is, and he doesn't do research to bother finding out.
He knows exactly who Ron Ossoff is!!! 
Criminal is your fleecing us of Millions weekly.Criminal is you promoting your Bus. at our expense.Criminal is you supporting Erdogan.......
May I remind you that this President is donating his entire salary to the charity of the press's choosing?
Meaningless. He is fleecing us for millions for his weekly vacations and his businesses while everything he touches goes to Hell.
June 20th - Georgia 6th
(D) Antichrist Osoff vs. (R) Karen Handel
#Winning #MAGA #VoteRed
Thank you, Mr. President.
Do not ever use the term Antichrist again. Otherwise, your place will be in the Lago del Fuego.
yeah yeah Don't worry about me. Thanks.
Says the guy with the LOWEST APPROVAL of any President in the first 100 days of office. 
He has a lot of people and press working against him.  Plus George Soros paying people to hate on him.
OH, the old "Soros" argument.  Always with the conspiracy theories...you folks believe all of them except that Trump colluded w/ Russia.
ie. the only theory with multiple independent investigations by House, Senate and FBI.
Jon (Ossoff) also means Os so lies ...he will NOT have District 6 ...our new Senator Karen Handel!
DON THE CON DON THE CON DON THE CON REGRESSING SESSIONS LYING RYAN AND WON'T DO MUCH GORSUCH GET OUT OF WHITE HOUSE
Clever, but wrong.
Wrong about what exactly...Complete thoughts and replies PLEASE..i know not used in your daily vernacular.CHECK OUT IDIOCRACY SCRO
just say no to Jon Ossoff
If Ossoff doesn't even LIVE in the District, how would he KNOW what the people in the District want from their Congress person ?
.@realDonaldTrump 
LIES got you in office & LIES will get you out of office. Your lies will be your demise. 
Lying your #Ossoff. #FlipThe6th
Yer tweetin up a storm honey bunny!!!  Like somethin's botherin ya or makin ya nervous?

Ya scared of Ossoff? 

#FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th
.@realDonaldTrump LibTards still angry ...
48.1% for Osoff?  U hoped to do him more damage, with your lies about him, but U failed. He will win in June & U will continue to lie to us.
The gift that keeps giving
#notmypresident
Jon Ossoff is going to win, and all the Republicans will have to retreat to their safe spaces apparently...
Ha ha ha




You know so well about disasters - huh is that from your approval ratings? BTW #ReleaseYourTaxes
If his approval rating is down, it's because the MSM makes stuff up about him, and they don't report the good stuff.
I am glad to see people are still eager to place blame and believe alternative facts - is it hard to be naive?
Your a disgrace RS
I thought Tom Brady was  a standup guy he turns out to be a left-wing pussy
You are fake news
WRONG!
Your administration is the disaster. Step down and do the right thing for the country. And the world.
TAX RETURNS TAX RETURNS TAX RETURNS! Saud when audit over, show tax returns. Another year and no tax returns? Need new tax people to do job.
Shut up manchild. Fake president. Releases your taxes. :)
Your existence is a disaster.
#FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #FlipThe6th #resist
Says the first @POTUS to be a Lame Duck in his FIRST 100 days.
I thought it was illegal for 45 to tweet support of a candidate and put down another, am I wrong? Does it even matter what he does anymore?
Was it illegal then for Obama to campaign for Killary?  Hmmmm
Say NO to @realdonaldtrump and #Vote #Ossoff.
Thank you Georgia! You are inspiring.
Lets all work to chase the Republicans out!
I hope he is strong enough on crime to want to LOCK YOU UP! LOCK YOU UP! #Traitor #Thug #Terrorist
Ossoff is not strong on anything except kissing Pelosi butt. Dems don't know the meaning of "accountability", they just use it to sound good
You are the real disaster Trump. Way too go Ossoff
Don't vote for this very vanilla liberal Jon Ossoff.
Hell Ossoff doesn't even have his grown-up voice yet.
J Ossoff will be gone with the wind.
That's enough for me to support @ossoff ! If @realDonaldTrump is terrified tweeting then there must be something he is afraid of ! truth?
You're the loser!

Con Man Xtradonaire. 
Are you watching #CNN THEY ARE LIVE #FlipThe6th 
Why are you campaigning? Don't you have a country to run?
Ironic coming from you who's a disaster of a president, you hack #voteyourossoff
Meddling in another American election.
Kind of like you in the White House. Disaster, weak, bad, etc #worstpresidentever #Trumprussia
Dear @ossoff twitter people, tweet this at him
Brilliant! Laughing.
@mommags2579  so sad to read this @UKenyatta @dailynation
Whatever you say I will do Mr. President...So I say "NOOOO!!"
Mr President, wheres a cost of living raise on SS & military pensions since we had 2 in 8 yrs
Pathological liar. You have diarrhea of the mouth. Stop tweeting. #lyingPOTUS
Just how much money do you really need? Do you plan to be buried with it?
@Wildharv don't forget hollyweed puppet
Keep talking! You will help get him elected! 
you are the only and the biggest saddest disaster for our fine nation and its good people, only you, conman liar fraud grifter thief bshit
Ossoff has more intellect in his right pinkie than you have under your orange Combover.Jon Ossoff should scare you  brain.
Everyone that talks trash about him should just shut up and deal with it. You're adults so start acting like them
You are our president now but what gets me mad is just because everyone didn't get their way they are acting like children. I mean come on
In other words... the usual delusional fool
your congress nominee is worse because he is campaigning with you
we're going to need higher taxes to pay for your OUTRAGEOUS travel expenses and FLOTUS living in NYC. Shame on you!!
Of course we say no, they need a better democratic leader, better jobs and lower taxes.
Yes to Ossoff. Get to work. Stop playing golf, you waste taxpayer's money
Such a liar! Please take credit for the Dow Jones again. Loser by more than 12 million votes
The Demos went down to Georgia: What the special election says about Donald Trump
You Republicans never finish your sentences. John Osoff wants higher taxes on the rich, not everybody, only the rich, which means you. 
NO for Jon Ossoff, in the NAME of JESUS. AMEN
YES! SAY NO.
I know what a good goal would be: staying out of jail. So incompetent.
You sound like a rookie
Amen!!!!
PRETTY BIGLY SAD THE PREZ NEEDS TO TWEET ABOUT ONE CONGRESS MEMBER/ELECTION
You are a disaster as #FakePresident. #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #resist #TrumpLeaks #ReleaseTheReturns
#Trumprussia
U r not weak
U r most powerful nation
Powerful president
We don't want read ur tweet against Media
Just hit the bomb brave action
How very presidential of you to degrade politicians via your twitter acct. you must be scared. #FlipThe6th
German Nazism killed 50 million.
But few people speak of American Nazism, which killed 100 million Indians.
OSSOFF 48% of the vote.  Handel 19%.  HE RELEASED HIS TAXES.
Ossoff is a kid who doesn't even live in the district. Really, Dems? Surprised you didn't put Hillary up to run. She'll run for anything!
Speaking of taxes....huh? @KeithOlbermann @LastWeekTonight @billmaher
Trump, you're a disaster for America. No brains!
DJT, fire mattis, mcmasters and votel. If you keep taking their advice your administration will be disaster
Say Yes!  #resisttrump
Reads like fake news too me
boo hoo
John Ossoff is just the beginning
Noooooo! We love Jon Ossoff!
So...I thought d president was supposed to unify d people n those in Senate regardless of party fr d betterment of ur ppl. This is bad form
It funny how you talk shit about other candidates being weak!!.. look in the mirror first and then talk... hypocrite!!...
@GAGOP Leadership Needs to AWAKEN: THEY ARE ASLEEP!
Dude! Don't you have more important things to do tha. Troll Ossoff. Like run the country and spend our tax dollars to fund your lavish life?

Thank you for being a fragile, secretive lying con man, the reason Jon Ossoff is kicking corrupt republican ass. Thank you.
No to Trump saying NO. But by all means, keep repeating the name, OSSOFF! It's advertising 101 - you never repeat the competition's name.
Guess people don't believe anything you say.  Tax returns,  big things buy American but you still manufacture in China
@ossoff @RNC_PoliceNL @DNC American people want progress not bullshit rollback lies geeed and transactional trumpism. Go Ossof!  Blowback bb
You are very weak on foreign and domestic policy. Also weak on diplomacy, human rights, equality, list goes on.  #SHOWUSTHETAXRETURNS

TRUMP may screw his daughter, but he is DONE screwing America! #GA06 #FlipThe6th #Ossoff #TheResistance #DemForce #UniteBlue #ImpeachTrump 
They are saying yes to Osoff.
#smallmindsmallhands
You sound scared.
Say no to that pencil neck
Sorry your wife has a convenient excuse to not live with you!
SNRUTER XAT
Good job on the spelling this time, Trump! But we still are going to #FlipThe6th and #voteyourossoff
How many Russian bots and paid Twitter accounts liked your tweet here?
Don't you have a country to run? What about Russia/Putin? What about the FBI investigation? Worry about that. 
#Crook
#Dummy
Wrong! You are a disaster
In other words vote for Jon Ossoff; he's going to be great!
You don't like @ossoff ? That's ALL the reason we need to VOTE FOR HIM! #voteyourossoff #FlipThe6th #Runoff
Its literally time for change and @ossoff is a breathe of fresh air in a polluted Republican seat. This congressional bullying has to stop
We don't believe a word you say but you go right ahead & stump for the Rep, it will help #Ossoff  because you're political poison.
You are a big fat fibber.
Says the man who's a disaster for America and international safety.  I bet Ossoff would release his tax returns
#Resist
#TrumpTaxReturns
Looks like everyone else said YES yesterday and will continue to say YES. #FakePresident
U tell such lies U must be worried about Mr Osdoff or U would not tell such lies
Crime? Russian invasion of American Cyberspace is a crime yet Manafort, Flynn, Page were Russian employees who helped Trump win for Putin.
How about let's talk about who is a disaster in the White House. 

 @realDonaldTrump
I wish that Trump was an American president instead of a partisan one.
Maybe you should stop interfering in local elections and start paying attention to WHERE THE HECK OUR NAVY SHIPS ARE, Mr Commander-in-Chief.
I say NO to the disaster of your so-called "presidency." Vote @ossoff in June #ga6
you are the biggest disaster of them all.
Looks like 49% of voters said YES to @ossoff and no to Trump.
Pathetic little Donnie.
You want no taxes for the rich. Ossoff wants you to pay your fair share. #ReleaseYourTaxes
you wake up early and Tweet this ! WTF is wrong with you?
You are bad for our PEOPLE & country. Everything you do is for ultra rich, big corporations & your own profits. Ossoff welcome relief!
You are great 4 jobs for your relatives and every foreign factory where trump merch is made. OSSOFF!!!
Sounds like you're talking about yourself you con artist. Your game is up! No one likes you. Worst president in history. Bring back Obama 
Hey ... FUCKYOU
Look at trump. Trying to get a rise out of them. Using those buzz words, "illegal," that always gets them hard. Are you in Mar a lago?
You and your swamp creatures are the disaster
"Ossoff"...came from virtually nowhere...just like that  o t h e r "O" ...remember h i m?!?  Just "another LEFTIST"!!!
You're tweeting shit about people who actually know more than you will ever, just shut up. Go hang with Putin or something.
You ARE a disaster as President . VERY WEAK.  Yes, just very weak on everything.  We say NO. #resist #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #Impeach45

An Ossoff win would be bad for your ego.  Face it! You are doing so poorly that you might lose this one. Too bad, so sad
Shut up.
