I don't understand you people. Please be more Presidential? Why can't the man be President and have fun with it. It's the 21st century, and it's about time someone started changing the "Presidential way" I say good job Mr President, and keep on keeping is safe...
Yes you're right. No other administration has turned the whole world against the WH. Not even George W Bush. #trump is a laughing stock.
I actually RESPECT Dubbya now BECAUSE it gets so much worse!
So do I after seeing several documentaries on Dubya made after 911.
Only suckers believe @nytimes Fake News Suppression Polls.
Sometimes it's best though that suckers learn from the school of #HardKnocks.
Just because you don't like what the truth is, doesn't make it fake news. The only thing fake is the current man child in chief.
It IS true! No other president has failed so spectacularly THREE TIMES in such a short time! (Barring Muslims, Healthcare plan, and building a "beautiful" wall.) Pat yourself on the back sir! (Or better yet, ask Putin or Ivanka.)
Sorry Mr President, that swamp you keep talking about is YOU!
Jump because you can throw alot of curse words doesn't make you intelligent.
President Trump you are doing a wonderful job. Don't listen to these Douschy looking #libtards who got participation trophies as kids. #MAGA
Most that can vote now grew up before that bull by the way. Oh! Guess you got THAT wrong too, huh?
Great job sir, people are like babies getting a diaper change, keep up the good work!!
please, FOX news poll had you in the low 30s.  All you blowing out is wishful think.  You're a failure.
In 200 days, you have done precisely N-O-T-H-I-N-G. You are the biggest failure this country has ever witnessed or will ever witness #RESIGN
dropped our debt 4 trillion,brought back and got factories opened,1 million jobs deported ,tons of illegals got rid of tons of bozos EO's
Preach it, Sister. The left hates to hear of Trump's accomplishments.
I'm trying
You are doing well Valerie.
Yeah she's doing great. Just like Trump. Keep living in your alternate reality, guys. We'll be here holding down the fort in the real world.
Andrew, you can't get thru to them. They can barely read, watch Fox News obsessively & simply can't be reached. Let 'em rot.
 we can't read seriously . We aren't the immigrants , the illegals , the people that milk the system , you people need to wake up
Keep doing a good job. Haters are always going to hate.
What exactly have you achieved?
Utter failure is still an achivement.
Who you think is in Mueller's indictments? Bet @DonaldJTrumpJr is!
Manafort and/or Flynn. They stopped investigating Trump long ago. 

I have no idea if anyone else inside the campaign “colluded”.
Never stopped investigating Trump. If he did what reason who he have to call Spicer in? Bet they end up getting him for at least obstruction
We’ll see. I think you’re going to be disappointed. The obstruction is a pipe dream.
Yeah ok, we fire an FBI agent while conducting an investigation, done everything possible to get off track of it instead of cooperating. LOL
You’re not very bright. Firing Comey put the investigation in the hands of McCabe. And Comey acknowledged they weren’t investigating Trump.
At the time they weren't. But that doesn't mean they  weren't after that. Investigation 101 if it leads to you then you are.
I don’t think Trump is some bastion of morality. Common sense tells you there’s no way he’d be in the WH today if he personally colluded.
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake New...
We love you president Trump! #MAGA #TrumpUSA Thank You for your Sacrifices!
You are a true Champion President! #ChampionPresident #BlessYou
So true!
Only a Republican could get a gun that deadly.
And maybe if these Sissy left-wing uneducated Democratic Party stop their games and get on board head really make America great.
Like . . . destroying healthcare or using YOUR money to build a wall??? I like the way you used the word "uneducated" to describe liberals!!!X'D You're a funny guy Kevin!
@POTUS ~A work week is Monday thru Friday= it's been ONLY 135 days~what you've done is beyond incredible~THANK YOU
#GodBlessTheUSA 
He Hasn't done anything!?!? What are you talking about? He is a Bad person and a horrible president
Media pulls numbers from record, you pull lies
Good Job , Sir !!!
Please be more presidential, I know your job is so very hard, I respect you for taking the office but, you need to get proper help sir.
It's very obvious that Mr trump can not handle being president. Sir, back out now and help yourself and the rest of us. Please.
2zijjkkkmmljminilkkjbkh uh y the bad ykkhjnnnk nd on in n.m sure b bub I kknb.    This
HA!

your budget doesn't begin until next month mate , still on Obamas budget , stop acting like we don't know this #whatamuppet
Can we have a highlights list of your accomplishments?
I'm  Canadian and I love what you are doing!  Wish we had a leader such as you!
Amen for that. Only a blind at heart would not see this as a fact. May God bless you Mr. Trump America's shining sun  
delusion 101 - Ironically Kim from Korea tweeted the same thing !
After 200 days I now wake up afraid of what is next. You are very scary.
You are truly delusional.  Stop listening to the ego in your head and start listening to the people that you fear.
God Bless you, your precious family and our great country! 
My family and I send you our love and prayers!
Look at the numbers on Newsmax! They Poll often and chose you as the winner, only news media that got it right! MAGA
You.  must.  marry.    if.  you.  want.  to.  peace. of. world
Great job
Like nothing? And even worse. antagonise the entire world and give your cronies a monopoly of key sectors. Well done indeed
That's for sure hahahahaha
I know you have to toot your own . Can't rely on fake news. We know you're doing the best anyone can do.
Mainly to take away from our lives. Your racism and hatred towards Pres. OBAMA  will hurt us. We need Social Security. And many other things
so everyone should listen to a FAILING POTUS lie about easily verified facts? You have the mental capacity of a child.
hahahaha
What have you achieved other than taking a vacation continually. We miss Pres. Obama. Now he was a real president!!!!!
Yah. After 200 days your appointees and party are abandoning you. Good going pal.
True after 200 days you are fast becoming the most hated President of all time. Congrats, who knew you could do it so quickly.
President Trump would be written in history as the smartest and best president in a long time. He shall take on a second term in 2020 and th

Yes! Never have so many bad candidates been named to lead depts they fundamentally conflict with. Well done! #publiceducation #science
We don't. They do and it's very very sad. #CNNIsFakeNews #IStandWithPresidentTrump
Thank you for all you've accomplished so far! Border crossings down 70%, lowest unemployment in 16 yr. &more!
46 you failed at the 100 and 200 day mark can you manage to fail at the 300 day mark as well? Your presidency has been marked by failure.
If you are so awesome- cite 5 new laws you have signed that benefit all Americans. No, repealing laws don't count and neither do ur lame EOs
If by "achieving" you mean continuing to alienate the Dem party, SURE you've achieved a lot. You continue to call my party enemies. Division
lie,lie lie all you do is lie lie lie lie - no legislation- no support - only your core crazies - resign traitor - or amendment 25 to prison
looser!!
like the unemployment rate?  the same number you called #fakenews during the campaign? sad, but funny....
Donald Trump, the first president to take the "us" out of the U.S.
I believe obama took the "us" out of the U.S. long before Trump was elected. Nice try though.
You've highhandedly caused civil and global unrest in that time the likes of which we haven't seen before. Is your daddy proud?
I read even joke news like Breitbart and Fox, & still looking for any meaningful POSITIVE accomplishments. Yes, you've managed to harm U.S.
You're kidding right? After 200 days rarely has America seen such a poor performing president.

faky president  faky donald   media great
Holy cow, more fan girl ranting. If there were really good things happening you wouldn't have to tweet about yourself all the time
Rare as fuck. Eagle rare. So rare it bleeds like a Megan Kelly
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!! Ha ha ha ha!! Ha ha ha! He's such a deluded moron, ha ha ha ha!! Ha ha ha ha!!!
Attacking the media and supporting the KKK, Neo-Naxis is a page from Adolf Hitler's play book! I love it. Seig Heil.
ONLY "fake" person is person who continues 2 tweet LIES (August 8, 2017; 14:10 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
we also have the USUAL "fake news" BULLSHIT (August 8, 2017; 14:10 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
again, reinforces how DELUDED HE is (August 8, 2017; 14:10 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"rarely has any administration achieved what WE achieved???" SERIOUSLY??? (August 8, 2017; 14:10 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
#dividedwefall
Can u gives us specifics?????
Yep, a country more divided than ever! #worstpresidentever!
YOUR MOUTH = #FAKENEWS
You are kidding, right??
You are truly delusional. What have you achieved besides dividing this country?
&p.
......
,     eoplelr
Grow up and Respect the office, sick of all everyone being so negative. It only bring the President down. Trust him, you'll see!
CNN is so hypocritical.  Wake up guys you have 10% popularity
The everyday American appreciates your hard work.
Look who is cooperating! Wonder if he started revealing mob connections and dealings since the 80's.. #TrumpRussia https://twitter.com/bpolitics/status/895658543701000192 …
LOL. are you totally deranged? OMG.
I would say NO administration is like 45's!   His brand of lunacy is as rare as an extinction level event.  Irony: he may precipitate one!!
You got that right.  But not in a good way.
You haven't done anything but divide this country
What have you done beside hit holes at the golf course?  Typical fox tho.  Trunpet fake news fake president fake human
Roger and Out!
Fake News!
you're right, if you're referring to the level of incompetence and fuckery in your administration.
Absolutely nothing? Yeah that's rare.
LMFAO!!!!
America knows what you have accomplished, we do not believe fake news,loyalty to the best President ever is our middle name!Prayers&blessing
Did u find all the bugs in the WH?  Remember Obama redid all the phones and computer systems b4 he left.  Do u really think it was innocent?
Hence more leaks than any other WH.  Likely the source
Is the fake news the news that you pay for to get anyone to say something good about you. Go dig a whole at the bottom of an ocean and die
@POTUS just think what you could have accomplished if the GOP led Senate & Congress would work with you&the fake media would stop the BS! 
@realDonaldTrump You've achieved nothing except further dividing the nation and mainstreaming white supremacists. Leftists will fight back
Stop bragging about the little you've done and climate change is very real and important
Read a history book. Like one that covers 2008 and 2009
Too bad for Trump that most insiders know that Bannon is in complete control of Trump, simply because Trump knows he controls Breidbart!
Best handicap of any 200 day old president.

Thanking God everyday! And Thank you & your family sir!!! Huge HUGE PRICE being pd by u & yrs! God bless
Coming BIGLY from a FAKE President THIS IS RICH. Sad you are Donnie, so SAD
WOW! The achievements you have made. Signing executive orders. Oh so hard to do. Fake president.
#FireTrump
#delusional
Thank you Mr. President May God Bless you & yours always
It's tough to do nothing in 200 days but set the country back 10 years. Great job!
president* #heelspurs, you are delusional. Your "believers" need to #Evolve.
I wouldn't let you be responsible for sea monkeys. Your arrogance got you the Oval Office. Normal folks hoped you would be different. Shame
This thread is crawling with haters.  I  our @POTUS.
Mr. President - you speak and it's fake news.  Try the Truth.
Really???
Debra is a fake account!
Yeah, check the stock market, Donny.
Just because you say it doesn't make it true, a bigger lie has never been told
#NoRepeal #NoBan #NoTaxReform #NoAchievement #TreasonousTrump is a loser.
Yep, took only 200 days to take us back 120 years! #POSotus
The free press reports facts- not your distorted data.
Yes you're right, no POTUS has brought us to the brink of Nuclear War quite like @realDonaldTrump in such a short period of time!
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN PEOPLE AND CRAZY
HAHAHAHAHA
33% approval rating.
Donny, you suck.
I don't recall any administration ever successfully transporting an entire country from 2017, back in time to the 1940's. Very impressive!
@realDonaldTrump you haven't come close to achieving  anything at all. Your lack of competence, integrity, & truthfulness carries no weight.
Whatever
Rarely has the world seen 200 consecutive days from any administration to have been MORE chaotic than our own Chito Benito's. Sad.
Where do I subscribe to the Fake News Suppression Polls? I do Nazi them anywhere
And by "Fake news suppression polls," we mean Donald Trump and his nutjob administration.  They are nothing but liars!
I used to take care of patients like you in psychiatry. Grandiose, delusional. We could generally help them with meds.
Now hes just clowning us! You think he's doing things to himself when he say stupid shit like that?
when draining swamp please include the Fed Rothschild type Family's made to forfeit all then jailed. There criminals. 911 BsBush jailed
The only Fake is the President.  In 200 days, how many were spent on the golf course. Not working hard; HARDLY WORKING. What have you done?
Trump you have lost all sense of reality. You are the worst, least effective and most hated POTUS ever. #wakeup #resign #getmentalhealthhelp
Liar.
Or maybe this is what they don't want you to know about what the democrats were up to They were kidnapping girls and making them sex slaves
What have you accomplished the anihlation of the US?
What in the hell have you achieved besides dividing this cou try to smitherings? Youneed help, you're fake as well as your words and title

why I adore you 

Wow! You really are delirious!!! Seek professional help before its too late.
whenever you are told not to believe something, you should research what you are not to believe. 
jimrantz
Zilch! That's what you've all achieved. Are you all tired of winning yet?
