@BarackObama Donnie, this is the G8 summit that Obama attended. Leader of the Pack is President Obama. Can you point out where Putin is?
Excellent visual point..   and if I may answer.... Smack-Dab in the Back trying to keep up...
To be fair to Putin, at least Putin didn't need a golf cart.
Yea, right! We know who your Vladdy is!





I'm so sad I voted for you, what an embarrassment
Seems legit? 
Do you think they were having make-up sex after Donald asked Vlad about the @SenSchumer photo?

That thought can't be unthought.  :)
You believe Putin more than your own intelligence! Is this a proof for #TrumpRussia?
It's the world against Trump, it seems.
Let's hear it for the World!
I'm sure the feeling isn't mutual.
You have a great speech in Poland that most western leaders would be too shit scared to make.
Say hi to your daddy. #trumprussia #impeachtrump

#Putin is a murderer, you fool.
#kompromat
#putinsBitch
#impeachTrump
#25thAmendmentNow
#PresidentBannon
Did you finally pay him for hacking the DNC and handing you the Presidency? Was it cash or did you have to perform sexual favors on him? 

Please discuss with #RUSSIA #USA's #uranium #Atomic92 deal corruptly done under the #Obamaadministration #HillaryClinton #ClintonCash 
Doing great job
Tell us, Donnie: what did you bring
To please your Master Vladdie:
Did he let you kiss his ring,
And let you call him Daddy?
#TrumpTreason
Did you talk about Russia's interference?
The American people deserve access to read the whole transcript of this 2 hour meeting with #Putin .  #openaccess #Democracy #Patriot

Your daughter should be visiting hospitals or improving working conditions at her shoe factory. NOT standing In for us. Not our Elected
Isn't it wonderful to know that this POTUS* TRUSTS Russia take on tampering with elections OVER AMERICAN PROOF? Sounds like a traitor to me.

@StephenAtHome @iamjohnoliver 
Ra Ra #TrumpPutin 
Russia's greatest spy machine
It was a shame how he carried on 

Putin will give you your 1st midyear 
progress report and areas of improvements.
Did u get the go ahead for the Moscow hotel Donnie from Putin
Omg son, Putin totally dominated you at that meeting. How much money do you owe him, anyway?
I for one am looking forward to YOU entering the Sunnydale Rest Farm for extended convalescence.
De la reunión de Putin y Trump surge un periodo de tregua en el conflicto de Siria. Estos son resultados no discursos !
Donny, you really should not talk with your mouth full!
#MAGA
Making America Greatky Ashamed 
#FakePresidet
#SoCalledPresident
#TrumpLoser
it'd be cooler if you weren't chill w a manipulative dictator who lacks regard for human life  just saying
Good deal, slow and steady.
Lying crazy Donald, say hi to your buddy Putin, make sure you thank him for helping you win the 2017 election (Electoral only) SAD 
e a t  a  d i c k
Are you giving putin an update on all the tasks he wants you to complete?  The "embarrass america" task has been completed bigly!!
And yet you got played by Putin! When are you going to stand up for America and our Democratic values?
I bet!
Did you spit or swallow? Asking for a friend.
We all know Vlad is your boss. Did you grab him by the orb?
@BMTHRZN eu e quem
Well,ur the guy who lied 2 say obama did nothing!Uv done NOTH-ING in 6 months and yesterday in your meeting w/ putin YOU DID DOUBLE NOTHING
By the way we KNOW you met putin BEFORE!
Make Single payer healthcare a reality. Mr President You will go down as the greatest President in our history. Just saying
Stop the Yemen massacre. Saudis are terrorist. They export terrorism called Wahhbisam world wide Have been for decades
SO proud of you!! All the haters that troll you are still waiting for their riot checks and next job! Lol MAGA
Oh of course you're excited for your meeting with Putin. No shock there.
#25thAmendmentNow
Why were you looking forward to your meeting with Putin?  Smh
#fakepresident #fakenews
U go trump. Make the world great again. Peace with Russia at last. Thank you.
You will fare well

What a piece: ABC News political editor @CUhlmann opens up with both barrels aimed at Trump 
He need to make American wonderful again
Hah did you discuss about friendship each other that's awesome my best president
Sususu Mr president for help the world
#25AmendmentNOW
how your hand feels !  Russian hacking trump tower
#MAKERUSSIAGREATAGAIN
#PutinsBitch #YourBoss
Really, you sent your daughter to most of them...
Notice how Putin is the only one you want to meet.  #TrumpPutin
Join the Climate Accord. Be a hero.
that handshake tho
Of all the world leaders you'll meet with, isn't it funny the only one you mention by name is your BF Putin. Sad.
Make sure you get that loan for your Son-in-law
YOU WILL CRUSH HIM LIKE A BUG, MR. PRESIDENT !!! #MAGA 
"That stain on my lapel - and it's a huuuge lapel, the BEST is what I'm hearing - is NOT Putin's splooge! #FAKENEWS!" ~  Trumpy
Russotards must understand that biggest enemy are Islamic terror countries like Pakistan and some middle East Countries  followed by China.
Antes muchos se contentaban con retórica y discursos que nada lograban.Hoy el estilo directo y franco de Trump es mejor,consigue resultados
Medios de Comunicación tienen que reconocer la franqueza, seriedad y responsabilidad como Trump lucha por su País. Es mejor que la retórica
Yes we should have a good strong relationship with Russia, love all my R friends!
"should I call you, or nudge you for breakfast tomorrow?"
z～！:x！
@POTUS kindly make the World Great Again. Lead the world leaders from the front.
So according to Russian press:
- took Putin's word no elect interference
- giving back US compounds to Russia

Whats left? Exxon oil rights?
OK #MAGA
Putin showed interest in Trump's multidirectional comb over and Trump slipped him the keys to W.H.
MEANWHILE, a Great MANY people in the US believe POTUS IS A WACKJOB as the G20 Leaders WILL SOON LEARN !
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
#HillaryClinton got her ass handed to her by a rookie politician with a vision of #maga and we liked itAndSheGotKicked the fu*k out! xceptit
Mr. President i'm just feeling to you
How dare you be diplomatic and respectful of the best interests of the American people?!
Hope you discussed their interference in our elections which helped you win!
You mean the ones you won't have Ivanka sitting in on for you? Those meetings? Yeah.. pretty sure you're up to snuff to handle them. 

La prensa que tanto atacó a Trump solo por ideología hoy empieza a reconocer que su estilo directo y franco es mejor para política mundial
UnClean Hands Trump Kissing Putin's Ass Must Have Been Your Highlight Spending 2 Hours of Unrequited Love Affair with BBF Putin @CNN @BBC
What An Embarrassment To the World You Incompetent Uncleqn Hands Crook Fraud Trump in WH @SenateGOP @SenateDems @BBCWorld @IvankaTrump @CNN
2 hours With Putin Alone Must Have Been Heavenly For You Putin Lover UnClean Hands Trump! @AngelaMerkeICDU You Traitor Treason LIAR Trump!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. #G20...
Not anymore.

How did your date go? Did you guys get to 2nd base?!
What a fool to express your excitement to meet with Putin
All your life you've never seen 
A woman's popular-vote win
Did Vlad Putin  promise you heaven
Did Hil really win?
Did she really win!
Much to catch up on with Vlad, I bet.
"ALL MEETINGS"? Did that include the 1-hr debriefing by your controller? Did he praise you for your cooperation? #trump #sleeperagent #spy

I bet!!!  Need to coordinate your cover up stories!!
sir am nilushi from Sri Lanka. really i like you. you are really president.
WAS @HillaryClinton dirty laundry covered UP by US Intel?U should ask the Investigatory SWAMP & FAKE NEWS @CNN 2TELL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, OR
You need to thank you for winning you an election.
Putin has you wrapped around his little finger and Putin is shoving that finger straight up America's ass.
What's there to discuss when you've already met with him in the past.....
Mr. President you are doing a stellar job and us small business owners of America support you and stand beside you
Sure
Yeah, like how to get your stories straight when the FBI comes for you.
Positive Day Mr. President :)...concerning North Korea....you will accomplish more for all humankind by going Positive instead of Negative..
Russians are intelligent thats for sure
Or as you call Putin, my very special leader! #TraitorInChief
Well, Donnie Littlehands, did you get your wish?  Is Putin your new BFF??
You were honored to meet that horrific thug? God help you
RUSSIANS R great hard working ambitious people,smart, luv americans, stupid to want to be enemies with them media and dems  want war I guess
Who cares?
Why name check Putin, Comrade Trumpsky?
two evil leaders
Aww I'm so glad you got to see your boyfriend.
I just realized that you weren't briefed before meeting Putin because the Intell Comm'ty can no longer trust you w/ classified information.
You know what you doing but not helping you're disrespecting my parents.
Wow. Did he get you preggers again? So hard to have another abortion when you are trying to hang on to the Evangelical vote.
How exactly did Russia alter votes? And how did Clinton win the popular vote by 3,000,000 if Russia altered vote counts?
Make sure you lie to Him, as he will lie to you.
You know you can't wait till after your meeting w/your boyfriend, so you can sit in your big white undies & watch TV, tweet, & have a Coke.
#NowG9
The fact that U R allowing Putin’s spies back into USA after our intel agencies concluded Russia tampered our last election is TREASON
Like your remittance for services (to Russia) rendered no doubt  #MRGA
Meeting without our defense secretary or expert in Russian affairs was foolish. You better hope there are no "tapes" of your conversation.
Did you swallow or spit?
So who was on top? You or Putin? #notmypresident 
Doin good sir. Keep up the good work.
Yeah, but he's the only one that forces you to give him head.
You gave Putin a pass on messing with our election. Weak. Sad. , eat  BLOTUS.

U mean u look forward to sending ur daughter to those meetings because you're in way over your head 45.
How was ivanka even allowed to sit at the table with world leaders?what is going on in the whitehouse?
May God bless you President Trump
.....
I bet there was. Almost like talking to your handler wouldn't you say.
Get that dick sis!!!!!!
Mr. President, how much covfefe did Putin get to make you POTUS?
The said you should give Putin a strong "Message"
Once again POTUS is molded like SILLY PUTTY in the bigger hands of Vladimir.  Trump's a Big Loser & Laughing Stalk on the world stage!
We all know that. What dirty deals will you two be making?
So why do the Russians tell us more about what's going on than you do? Thanks for selling us out, #ClownInChief

Something we can agree on - Russians Call Trump Meeting Putin a Win
Anyone stupid enough to believe face even brought up Russia's attack on democracy other than to give our secrets away is a moron #ctrump
#DonaldTrump's De Facto Response to #Putin's #Russia #ATTACK on #America's #Election: #Trump ROLLED-OVER & Said ANYTIME YOU WISH MASTER!!!
You make us so proud!  #MAGA
Russia could have interfered in the 2016 election "nobody really knows for sure." Pretty sure NSA and CIA is sure.
Putin played you like a fiddle releasing photos of your mistress-daughter sitting in your seat while you indulged an Alzheimer's moment!

How did the meeting about election meddling go? Did your master agree to stop it?
Stinky Domuld pls
Hi
Right. You have to ask him what to do next.
Tillerson’s comments did more to further Russia’s interests than Russian propaganda outlets could have hoped to accomplish themselves.
it’s going to be a rough three and a half years. In a diplomatic depantsing that will have repercussions far beyond Russia,
Trump Caves to Putin
What President Trump's meeting with Vladimir Putin tells us about the future of Russian-American affairs.
You choked.  Wuss.  Weak leader.  You're about as tough as new born chick. You undermined America's values, security, IC, press.  Traitor.
You are a traitor!!!! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #trumpisguilty #TraitorTrump
Obama meets with South Korean President violating the Logan Act - you have to get the AG after these people...what is Sessions doing?
Sergei Markov was giddy at having total control over Donald Trump. He said that “Putin is a much more powerful Alpha male than Trump” YEEKS!
When your daughter sits at a table in a position she wasn't elected to be in, we all know your a worthless leader.
#TraitorTrump

You are an amazing man who plays the best with the hand you are dealt.  All respect to you @POTUS
Trump va a lograr que la política cambie y que los Dirigentes cumplan sus promesas de campaña,sean francos,serios y directos en su accionar
Con posibilidad condena a Venezuela por G20 y presión de Trump dejan en arresto domiciliario a Leopoldo López y así evitan dura declaración
C'mon it wasnt a face to face meeting...more like face to sac. Traitor.
Very impressive leadership viewed here! Says it all! Illegitimate President.
"Much to discuss." Yeah, Donnie, a repayment plan on those Russian loans u took out.
It is nice to know our president takes the word of a dictator over our intelligence agencies...#FakePresident...#IntoTheAbyss
Make yourself proud and make        US of A great again
They don't look forward to meeting you lmao  this is what they all do when your around
The people that voted for you were the people you lied to for their vote you now are destroying this great nation please leave.please leave
You are such an international joke. The world is laughing at you!
So much for #winning. You were played.

#G20Summit @POTUS #PutinsPuppet
I'm sure Vlad Putin looks forward to seeing the Manchurian candidate/ now Manchurian president he so "subtly" empowered.
You can do some more colluding with your favorite dictator/murderer.  Maybe he can give you his polonium recipe.
Important things, such as did Putin get the PayPal deposit you sent.  And who will let you crash on their couch #WithoutReservations
Blowjob
No, that's the only meeting you were looking forward to, again. You're so repugnant & disgusting. You'll be impeached for treason.
Trump is a Russian traitor.
Trump gave up Americans to Russia.
Trump will destroy America if he's allowed to.
#TheResistance
The world  leaders do NOT respect  u. Everyone laughs  at u & family. @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump
