So glad we voted in a Pres who spends his time Tweeting, watching news and playing golf! What a freakin joke!
You are just so giddy over taking away health care for millions aren't you? Sick and twisted!
Loser!
Trump has left it up to the press to decide where his salary will go. I vote for Planned Parenthood! Retweet!!
Republicans are lucky Trump's "hands" are small... At least it's easier to bend over for him without a spine. Sad!
Trump must be soooo tired of winning... #Biggly
and what a better place to come up with a fail proof plan......twitter.
U R UNDER INVESTIGATION. YOU CANT BE POTUS WHILE UNDER INVESTIGATION.
Do some thing else which will give you the name do not run back obama left it delete the name of obama from ppls mind you are champion
What a wonderful world you live in!
But you suck at making deals
"Until such time a deal is hopefully struck", or you are in jail! #Trumprussia #UniteBlue #TheResistance
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Shouldn't you be in church? There is no way you listen to the gospel and about Jesus & tweet the idiocy you do everyday. #liar
That would be awesome.  Hopefully it will be better than the last atempt.
I know you think you're innocent but ignorance is not a defense. Come clean and start over
Nobody likes you.
Keyword = Hopefully
You know the Republicans will never come up with a successful plan.  That's why you didn't want your name on it!
Sad. Lol so stupid
FAKENEWS
Well it has been 8 years of repeal and they still have nothing. The republicans are all about conspiracy theories and no action.Unless u pay
Again with capitalizing words in the middle of sentences, you should have an aide proofread for you also is ACA, and your new plan Trumpcare

Bullshit, quitter
@realDonaldTrump with all the tweeting and golf trips when do you have time to do your job such as Running the Country..I forgot Ivanka
DO NOT EXPECT THE HELP OF THE DEMOCRATS THEY WILL NEVER WORK WITH YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Why are you capitalizing "Realing and Replacing"? You're in America... Learn English!
You and the #GOP just want to continue enrich health Ins.Companies ..Not caring even for people who voted for you ..
is R and R code for golfing? #FakePresident
The outcome will still be the same.
Right.  You have zero credibility and even less political power.  How about that Russian investigation?  It's yuuuuge.
So why aren't you talking about a TrumpCare replacement ? Why won't you put your name on it?
Because then he owns it. #SwampCare .@freedomcaucus
You guys had 7 years! SEVEN years. All you ever do is complain & never come up with real working solutions. Just big time crybabies 
Don't forget who passed this disaster Obummercare. Middle of the night. No Republicans. Pass it to see what's in it. Keep on Dr. affordable.
Well this disaster of a health care will effect mostly low income whites, therefore they couldn't repeal it..... 
They'll repeal it. It's already failed my friend,the worst is coming and sooner then a lot think.
If it does, it does..... I'll adopt the attitude that I received and say, it doesn't affect me....
I have no doubt.U will continue to try to destroy our great country until you are removed from office. #putinpuppet #lockhimup #trumptreason
Just don't leave me hanging out to dry #medicare #handicapped #disabled
Ok let's get really real: You're trying to replace a healthcare bill with a budget bill. Replace it with this 
Basically it's like were you're trying to compare cheetos dust to a methodically nurtured Mediterranean tan. It doesn't work. Take the hint
Of course most of your supporters will complain about paying for other people's insurance etc, whilst I have to pay for a bloated DoD
All his supporters are unhealthy and mentally unstable. We have to pay for them.
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms.... And that's thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
Why would your three month old know about your condom situation? You're gross!
it's okay, I know words are tough to understand sometimes. You tried, that's what counts.
Don't worry, The Donald has #TrumpCare under control and back on track. 
#alternatefacts #SundayMorning
The Donald has a "love-hate" relationship with the Freedom Caucus.  He loves himself, and they hate him. #SundayMorning
working behind seen to unseat meadows if keeps fighting Trump health care district 11 NC
Thank you Mr. President, I know you can get it done!!
Keep up the good work! 


Dont get too excited, wouldn't want you to be let down as hard as Nov. 8! Guess you dont really know how that works
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impeachment_in_the_United_States …
But he knows how "elected" works ;)
Thank you @POTUS

Forget abt it. Do something productive like #RESIGN
Donald just do what you said and what you know is right-  #UniversalHealthCare -YOU said it..  Fuck Paul Ryan you know he is a dweeb.
Do let us know when "DAY ONE" of your presidency starts, dear.  But hurry, before it is "DAY LAST."
Ok @POTUS it's been over a year & we STILL have O'Care! you need to get the Republicans off their lazy butts & get this replaced. No one should have to pay what people are paying for this disgrace of insurance. Fix this ASAP!
Universal Healthcare LIKE THE REST OF THE CIVILIZED WORLD! Nothing else is acceptable STOP putting health insurance companies profits FIRST!
Who is going to pay?  Universal healthcare in Canada has harmed many of my family members. Don't ask for something you know nothing about
I know almost everything there is about universal healthcare. It's a great system. Everyone pays a little bit more.
Nephew nearly died waiting on surgery. Niece came to work in the states. Why? Universal killed earnings. It's about economics too.
Nobody is going to die waiting for surgery in the US with UHC, people die under our current system when they don't have enough money.
How do you know they won't? Under the current system, life saving treatment cannot be denied. Have family members who have no insurance
Because I've worked in HC for 20+ years & I believe UHC will work better much than what we have now, except for greedy insurance companies.
If I may, if that's you in your Twitter profile picture, you hardly look old enough to have worked a few years in HC. 
Have you read LA Times Editorial?  Trump we are just getting warmed up against you ... you bloated unhinged ugly pervy liar traitor & cheat
I don't think he tweeted that. Grammar is correct and no caps or !!!
Ivanka?
Well it sure wasn't Spicy 
LOL
Lol
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is ...
U may benefit from English language aid, ur directives usually involve a qualifier. Speaking of qualifier, I don't want to treat u the way President Obama was treated. U.R the president ... OMG
You pass that wildly unpopular, disasterous bill. Strip 26 million Americans of healthcare coverage. Tax breaks for wealthy. Brilliant.
"Strip 26 million" of healthcare they can't afford and don't want to buy.
HOW is that ok? HOW are so many ppl so fucking blind? Watch the country burn while the cheeto golfs? RIDICULOUS
Trump has his hands on the nukes?  So afraid that Trump would be baited with a tweet.  By your standards should he nuke you?
I wouldnt be surprised if he did.
And yet you would be surprised if he didn't.  Seems to me like you misunderstand everything about Trump.  Its OK most people do
Id say i HOPE he doesnt fail. If he does we ALL LOSE! But hes drug us down pretty quick so far. Not surprised at all. Whats to understand?
So when #SoCalledPOTUS said if #TrumpCare fails, they're moving on, was just more LIES from this Admin?
When does 45 mean what he say? #FAIL
Yeah he's a total liar.  He said he'll stop illegal immigration and now the illegal boarder crossing is down 40%.  Total fail
What kind of a president lowers the national dept 100 Billion Dollars.  The nerve
Except that there's no data to prove that. NONE ! Just Republican propaganda.
Get government OUT OF HEALTHCARE!
Denial is not just a river.
Good luck with that considering there are three factions in the Republican Party
You are going to jail.
NOW is the time to fix health care for families like my daughter's in NH who don't have health care because of ridiculous cost.Get it done!
Please don't attack republicans. You need them.
Good Luck with that Mr. 33% approval rating! Lol
Why don't you consider tweaking  to benefit all instead of potentially costing millions coverage. Especially the ederly.
Establish your own legacy by ensuring the 1 b4 yours. It shows a concern for the people rather than party agendas
Dumbasses should not be president.  Zero credibility!!!  #lockhimup #trumprussia #russiagate
You will never see it. Maybe on Fox, from jail.
what stinks, is either way, we are STUCK paying 4 his medical bills and housing. How is that fair?
You're failing at life and everything else.
can't do it all at once, because nobody really knows what the entire bill says!  I can't find a copy of it anywhere to read...
Hey Con: Hope is the thing with feathers.
Have you learned nothing?  What kind of legacy do you want to leave?  We go single payer or we fall.  You're rich enough, be hero of people
You don't care about what is in the HC bill. All you care about is a desperately needed win for you, regardless of how it hurts the people!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Now it's hopefully?
Do what's right for the American people and not the Oligarchy and it might
Is this a declaration of war on the America poor and middle class from the rich? asking for a friend.
Oh, good, back to doing more shit that will help no one and that no one wants. Starting to wish you would golf more.
Repeal, not amend!
Here's a deal to be made: outlaw health insurance and make it a free market
Just eliminate it all together!
The Affordable Health Care Act is very good as it is.  Just make it better.  Medicare for everyone would make you on top!
Changed your mind again? Not moving on like you said? #anotherlie
POTUS please get rid of OCARE my aunt got it and still has to pay taxes on it how can one afford insurance of they have to pay taxes on it
That's the spirit! Spoken like a true winner
Good and this time own it and the outcomes. You are POTUS.
so much for the great deal maker. 74 days in and you've accomplished nothing but defamation & dividing the country further
Because it's only been HOW MANY tries this far? Exactly what has the GOP spent on this? And you say Dems can't move on. #youfucker
The close to 40 million its cost us for your weekly vacations would of pd lots of medical premiums
You'll never get your shit together long enough to make a coherent plan.  Resign.
Trumpcare has been proven to be a total failure. Couldn't even get it passed by your own party. Stop whining. #failedpresident
Please don't let them gut protection for pre-existing conditions. My LIFE depends on it!!!!
Nice! Capri seemed to have a nice source of water, remembering which beach a bit different, but it is in lay of land,
Never surrender, brother! Trump Nation is 100%with you & we aren't responding to their polls so ignore polling. #MAGA
FREEDOM CAUCUS backed u when RINO Ryan was STABBING u in back! Ur voters support F. Caucus! Listen 2 THEM, not 2 establishment Ryan/Priebus!
I'm a Democrat but not concerned about parties. Please seek bipartisan support for healthcare for the people. Don't worry about politics.
Talk with @RandPaul
Why are you attacking people who helped get you elected?  DON'T look to Democrats for help, they only want to see you fail & impeached...
FIX Obama care Save your job. You promise universal healthcare for all. Do what you said. Listen to the voters. You promise. FIX ACA!
Total repeal.
Talk a song of leaking lives – our are, and have been. Go on and will us on to new wounds as a message fully true.
To those who care. Lived in Canada 4 yrs. here's gov. Health care.  Need an MRI? 6 mo. Wait.  A friend with a slow brain bleed wait 3 mos.
She died.  2 MRI's for entire Provence of Nova Scotia.  U willing to gamble ur life that way?  Not me. Take gov out of ins.
anything with your name on it is a disaster.
Trump has this, and will weed out the crap the left has f...ed up . you don't like it, then get out. Go Trump 
We don't need any more deals. We need #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll. You were for it in 2000; what changed your mind?
Remove private company regulate and to construct healthcare tax for cost easy
Just #REPEAL it no where in the #Constitution does it #guarantee #Healthcare  it's a #tax for living good.
Good to know that you "walking away" is still in effect. #LiarLiar
Are you tired of winning yet?
why, why, why are you doing this? No one wants your horrible plan. You are an embarrassment to the Republican Party & USA!
The key word in your tweet was "hopefully". U don't sound very certain.
You mean the things you never said you where going to do?  But your on video saying you will do?  But can't do cause you have no idea how?
Obama destroyed the economy. The GOP could gain popularity by reaching out to the poor. But I guess not. Too much to ask?
I hear they didn't go so well. SAD!
Are you going to read the new health care plan this time before you sign it? At least as daughter-wife to explain it to you.
what talks, talk to  the Dems, your party doesnt care about YOU. Dont let that smirk Ryan fool you
Just learned two of my nieces have had their ACA premiums go from $180 monthly to $900 monthly with  deductibles of $9k; impossible.
Mr President, I can only reiterate, keep federal government out of health care. Allow the 10 th amendment and let the states handle this.
Save the ACA.  People who lose their healthcare tend to remember it especially in November
Mr. President please repeal ObamaCare and don't replace it at all! Just let the free markets run it again!
Can you please work on real thing vs Twitter.  Are you even trying to run the country?
@Scavino45 
Please tweek OBAMACARE
17%
pls tell media (idiots)
that Mar-a-Lago is your home
it isn't a public r e s o r t available for a few rent dollars $
You're not the deal maker you conned all your supporters with.
Get to the root of the issue. Lower the cost of health care. 1099 or small biz worker breaks their leg and deductible is 7k screwed
You have no clue of what you're doing in any aspect of the presidency. The show is over. Welcome to reality ...
#WrongSideOfHistory
U have no plan. U don't have the votes w/in your own party. You're a joke & a disgrace. Please resign in disgrace and save the US!
Repeal Obamacare, do not quit, this is why we support you, this is why we voted for you.
President Trump:  Please do what you can to include pre-existing conditions as its the difference between life & death for some of us.
you are a failure!
Sir your in grave danger the far left will not stop they are out for blood
Bring back President Obama.

We are patient, great solutions often take more time.
But healthcare is so hard...how will you cope? #liarinchief
Please work with Rand Paul and the Freedom Caucus and we will get it done.
Make sure you please the tea party. If they have their way, your bill will have 2% support. Go #UniversalHealthcare and ur legacy is golden.
did u mean horribly struck?
Hopefully you improve what's already in place. The framework for a true healthcare for all is already there. I'm sure @SenSanders could help
with what?
@Cuppari_Group how does volunteerism find a way to pitch in here on it, let's discuss! Any opportunity there?
Mr President when you make a deal with the dems it's like making a deal with the devil!  Don't let dems screw over America again!!
Of course they are. Meantime..we pray your Russian issues eliminate you from this process and public life.
We will change it back.
I thought you were going to replace it on day one? You are a Liar and and a con man. You could care less about the poor or middle class, FU
Das klang aber letztens ganz anders, du gottverdammter Lügner.
Try reading the bill before you support it. AHCA was TERRIBLE! You said every American should have Healthcare. AHCA= -24MIL
You know why they still talk about it? Because they mock it
You won't rest until you have destroyed the middle class and poor. We know. Question is why? Sorry you are so miserable you need to do this
Smoke Screen
You politicians need to stay out of our healthcare
Not as easy as you thought or led your followers to believe, is it???#TheResistance
Your son inlaw set you up on whole Obama care repeal and replace. Is he democrat? Clothed as a republican we don't trust him he gotta go!
Your not trying to create a Neoliberal government right?
We need 'pre-existing' provision in healthcare to remain. No exceptions!
going broke in the meantime
having problems with back pain can't afford to see doctor because deductible is so high it's like not having insurance

Show them how its done President Trump, create the best medical insurance or take away Congresses insurance.  Why should they be insured?
Maybe you should look around and understand what is best for all Americans...not just greedy capitalists?
I don't understand why he hasn't been impeached on the conflict of interest already. Why wait for Russia proof? End it now
Please stop the pharmaceutical bullies who do not make medicine affordable. Who do not allow the cure for cancer. so sick @realDonaldTrump
GOP "trying" to aid the needy is their kryptonite. Change that. Cut peacetime mil $. Help the poor. LOWER SocSec age! + Unemployment payout!
