Lol then why did you mention it? Why did you waste time at that meeting?
OMG...you are so f*cking guilty...
Just because I said "He better hope there aren't tapes" doesn't mean there's tapes
So when you tweet something, doesn't necessarily mean you think it will happen-it won't? LMAO!
Get Russia OUT of our elections & protect our vote.
But all of America's intelligence agencies/committees think the election hacking and interference from russia not only can happen, but did.
Looks like you need to fix some grammar... I guess that's what happens when you try to translate this from Russian.
Donnie, you sound like a 6-year-old that just got smacked for telling a fib...and then telling a different one. Try the truth; it's easier!
You really don't have a clue who you are dealing with, do you...
Discussing a Cyber Security unit with Putin is like discussing anti-terrorism measures with the Saudis.
3 John 1:2
#Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all #things and be in #health, just as your #soul #prospers.
You again!   Attack of the holy roller
What's John Kerry have to say about it?
Back pedal....back pedal....back pedal.
So people have explained your own stupidity to you, huh? #TrumpRussia
The dishonest #MSM could care less that Hillary and John Podesta have taken millions of dollars from Russia for "Speaking Fees"
Jacob, focus on the present
Pathetic. Get off your phone and figure out the best was to resign.
What?  You discussed some bullshit, told all of us that it was a "thing" that was going to happen and now you're saying it can't happen?
Sundowning has begun for the evening
#sundowning
This could be the pivot. Nahhhh
I hope an orange jumpsuit is in your future ( btw - that's not really a good color for you). #InvokeThe25th
You're gonna ignore this particular problem until it swims up and bites you in the ass!
C
Sorry President Clueless, but unlike you we are paying attention. You loved the idea until 330M Americans said it was the dumbest thing ever
Manafort, Kushner and Jr. wouldn't go to that meeting without you knowing...and we know that...and Bob Mueller knows that.
Ooops. This is the closest thing to a retraction you've ever given. Guess someone 'splained just how stupid that was?
Your son in law is going to jail
ILL GOTTEN nomination..You did not get the popular vote... Ill gains is what you are about.
Sad rhetoric mr fumble 
That's what I've said. They discussed it.
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah you PATHOLOGICAL LIAR!!!
Hey Dufus: Putin is playing you like a deck of marked cards.
Wtf?
Wot

Keep contradicting yourself.  You may think words don't matter, but you're assuredly digging a deeper and deeper hole for yourself.
Tick tock. You'll be removed from office, if you don't resign in disgrace, and your criminal behavior will be exposed for all to see.
#impeach the #TrumpCrimeFamily, aka #TeamTreason, or #25thAmendmentNow. #25thThe45th.
What?
Remember so much winning!
Bring up @JacobAWohl legal troubles and he blocked me asap lol seems like Trump people love that. 

http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/03/jacob-wohl-2/ …
When you made a case for a cyber unit so that election hacking will be guarded and safe, you didn't really mean it?
Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
That is good to hear, but it begs the question: Why did you make a case for it, then?
If you truly want it to be guarded and safe, you should set it up with Germany and France. Russia is who you want to guard it from.
No no, see...he promised to guard the hacking. Not guard against it. I don't think he was supposed to say that part out loud.
You caught that too?
Are you American and do you think Trump should be removed?

This meme is about as irrelevant as you are. Lol!
You have no followers, you live in your mom's basement and you don't have a job.  Good job little one!  Go look at your participation trophy!!

wow, you are really afraid of what's http://co.ing  next.
Cyber security with Putin and you’re bragging about that?
... why didn't you ask @IvankaTrump to close the deal for you?
it means a bunch of republicans laughed in his fucking face after the G20 and he's trying to be
ambiguous...
without going into conspiracy theory...I can only think that this is all by design and with blessings
order out of chaos
Донни,не еби голову...
We all know you made a deal with the Russians years ago. They gave you loans and all you had to do is push the Obama birther BS. Perfect trap for a gullible ass like you
There shouldnt have been a discussion period point blank. Not even a thought


The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,& did!
censor other things too. I would just need help to know what else might be bad for the children to see online. Ideas? Anyone?
Sir, I honestly believe you're going to have many of these monumental moments! Only reason I have twitter is to see what you'll  say next!
I bet you have already given him a password to our intelligence computer system.
Yeah ok
This is my emergency water supply in 50 gal trash bag because stores had no water because of Mathew
I saw this tweet as part of a satirical meme. Thought it was concocted to make you look stupid but you actually wrote it! 
not only did you discuss it, you said you were going to do it!!! getting a bit forgetful in your old age.......
Good backtrack. It was so fast - It was kind of like a Michael Jackson moonwalk

Then why waste time discussing it?
Dear POTUS, plz stop using Twitter to give out whatever you want to call it: #RealNews, #NotFakeNews, #Thoughts&Opinions, it's NOT healthy
Yawn
The fool jumped at the change to create a Cyber unit with Putin. Putin suggested it to the fool as a joke. The idiot said sure.
Such disgusting bs
Good. Good.
Oh....you so tricky! Vlad! Donald playing games.
That fact that you would even say cyber security and putin in the same sentence shows that you know you supporters are gullible!!!
Did you also discuss how to hack ads about FAKE media all over the internet lately. It's been consistent since your meeting with PUTIN!!!
You sure change your stories alot
That 5percent of Syria.. where there is action.. that was a bone putin threw out to you.. putin is laughing at you and your family
#25thThe45th
That keeps Assad in place? Sure sounds like it's all on Putin's terms.  You lost. Weak and sad.
Was this the discussion?  Putin: we should do joint cyber team.  Trump: Who would head it?  Putin: Deez.  Trump: Who? Putin:  Deez Nutz!!!
First you make the idiotic suggestion to share confidential information with the hackers, then you say its can't happen ... duh!
donald trump: how much of your credit with deutsche bank is being backed by russia? 100, 200, 300 million dollars?
You are obviously delusional about your relationship with Putin. He's laughing at you. You're an embarrassment.
Omg has everyone forgotten that Obama said the election would not be rigged and Trump was saying that if he lost?? He Won get over it..

.@realDonaldTrump wait. What? A cease fire on something that cannot happen?
You thought it was a good idea until everyone laughed about it.
You got unbelievable pushback and criticism that you're backing off now. You bit on the carrot Putin dangled in front of you.
U R NOT SENSIBLE R U? PUTIN WILL BE COMING AT U TO GIVE HIM ALL USA'S SECRETS. COST 4 HIM STEALING THE ELECTION FROM HILLARY N GAVE IT TO U.
More lies! You discussed your new salary and how Putin should help you hide the ties to him and the #TrumpRussiaCollusion @FBI
For less then 24 hours! 
Maybe keep your sick fantasies to yourself
Working with Russia to combat cyber crime is certainly possible. Screw MSM..they don't have American best interests in mind.
Please get a head CT scan
Your boss is no friend of the US.
You really ought to try thinking g. Digress you tweet or speak then you wouldn't have to keeping lying to cover up your stupidity
You're a hack!
you are kissing Obama's Ass EVERY TIME you EXPLAIN/ or DEFEND-
Get over it!!!
It's unbelievable that you are taking Putin's word over your intelligence agencies. You need to trust your own people!
Who said he believes Putin? You think maybe he should have challenged him to arm wrestling or maybe waterboard him smh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalia_Veselnitskaya …
http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2017/07/14/537304186/episode-784-meeting-the-russians …
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnitsky_Act …
Connect The Dots and the connection becomes clearer!
The POTUS is a PUTZ! But I am enjoying the Twitter Twit Trump Comedy Show!
4 days and counting of ceasefire.... yay for PEACE! \0/
You made Putin believing that it happen, otherwise He would not mention that at his press conference the following day. Putin is real deal!!
He is your buddy, n we all know it, never say anything bad about him, just good people, wonder why?
Back peddling much faster and more often than you are peddling... Truth is not something that matters to you .. Cheater n Twittler in chief.
#IDIOT
Well, Why waste your time on it then? Do your job!
I heard you discussed it while you had his D in your mouth
This is soooo funny
How much is he paying you for all the SocSec numbers you're getting from those states that are complying with your order. Hackers Delight!
Isaiah 61
You continue to be a national embarrassment.  You are a joke and the rest of the world knows it.
man u r incoherent piece orange 
Only after a unanimous ridiculing of this idea (even according to GOP members) has POTUS now taken this crazy idea off the table!  SO SAD!
changed your mind only because you saw the reaction but we know that you are a puppet of the Reds you SOB
Dude. Put in is the PROBLEM not the solution. You are ridiculously ridiculous!
Thank you for all you do.

Noone knows what u really talked about cause u wouldn't let anyone in room. What crime r the 2 of u cooking up? What u hiding?
My god, its increadible how you make shit up as you go. At one point you bragged
Called what? Cyber collusion security? Lmao you are a joke!!!
Putins help and still lost by 3 million
But here's the thing-- you continually write checks you can't cash (literally and figuratively) Learn policy. Putin is your Puppetin
Jesus christ, do you even read your own tweets anymore?!
He probably has a ghost tweeter
The better the relations between President Trump and Putin, the better for the world.
Thank-You Sir. It is great that you get to think way ahead of all the jackass media. Maybe you and I are smarter than what others think.
You are simply an incompetent fool!!!
I know, this is how it really went down.

Spoken like a true con man! #DONTHECON
save exactly to the degree in which he himself stands by the country. Theodore Roosevelt
It's been proven that Russia used cyber attacks to influence the election. You denying that it happened is #fakenews #DishonestJTrump
Ugh.
What?
and psalms 114 God asked did the sea not flee I love Florida that y Florida was not wipe off map I didn't want no pushed to
Oh and now the story line changes.  Stop tweeting about Fix. It has low ratings. Rachel & Lawrence have higher ratings. Just sayin'!
You have to be the smartest dummy in the world. Putin is laughing at you right along with everyone else. #Clown
Oh...did you catch on that you sounded ridiculous on that one? Well, I even a broken clock is right twice a day.
#LockDonJrUp
Mook.
The investigations into you & your campaign should hire the same lawyers you do. This way they can spin lies into gold.
Yep, I'm a neophyte moron. I have no idea what to do. Will someone please bail me out? If only my daddy were here to bail me out.
you are truly the most ignorant puppet of all time,,, you are gonna be tried for treason with ivanka and don and etc
After your "cyber security" deal w/Putin you can coordinate a nuclear program w/ Iran & North Korea. Great idea, Donnie.
To lead such big country you need good +ve energy & not run by 161 characters .Modern President means not creating chaos in white house .
I think it can happen!!

California Upholds ‘Right’ For Pedophiles To Marry 10 Year Old Kids. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OcjM3afbZg … 
No Mr Trump you have no balls to disagree with Putin he is shorter in charge of a lesser country yet u cow tow to the little man

Don't lie Donnie...that's exactly what you thought!!  
Traitor!
No? Then why did you act like it was such a brilliant idea before?
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,& did!
Mr POTUS....With all the respect but I have to disagree with your doubt, of course it can happen you have to try !
Putin 2- Trump -0 .Now Putin knows what we all know ---U R the BOGUS POTUS.  U couldn't cut a deal with yourself. F&A
Amateur!!!!!!!!!!!!
You have such a great opportunity- STOP BLOWING IT!!! SHUT UP!! Stop Defending!!Read the bible what God says about the WORD-
My Hero!!!
We get Donald. Keep up the good work. No one said that draining the swamp would be easy or clean work. Swamp creatures threatened. #MAGA 
that doesntt make any sense
psalms 1 and 2
Flipping again. Yawn!
Look at what the sign says. We should go back to mass pray for America !

Anyone know of a good menthal institute that would be willing to help here? #pleasepeeps #hereallyneedshelp #isitmeorheisonacrazyrampageofbs
So ur policy is 2 say a bunch of shit & see what sticks? #unpresidential Is that how you run your business? No wonder you are broke 
Lol. Lindsey Graham is right on with his take on this idea. Lol.
You think it you are trying to sell USA to the Russia any way you I can!!
Traitor
If you didn't think it could happen, why brag about it? Nah, changed your tune again, we know ;-)
As many times you hold his hand, you should have kiss his ass.
How much of your soul have you sold now?
You're a disgrace to the United States. Resign before "You're Fired!"@realDonaldTrump
If it can't happen, why did you Tweet about it?
GO BACK AND DANCE WITH THE SAUDIS! YOU TRAITOR!
Ok...then why would it be discussed? Unbelievable yet again.
Enough
Keep your friends close and your friends closer. Good job POTUS
Ironic being you both worked at cyberly attacking the election and changing votes. America has your number.
