For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally ...
hay
waiting for an American catastrophe that is Trump
Yah Trump
Mr. President please tell the Hawaiian judge the travel ban stays in place and if he doesn't like it he can take it to Supreme Court,
'they' 
YOU ALL FAILED TO TAKE AWAY CARE FOR 23 MILLION AMERICANS & if you EVER DO, WE'LL VOTE AGAINST ALL GOP CANDIDATES! #Resist
republicans who don't support you now are done ! voted out next term! they know it and are fighting to destroy you in  public domain-sad
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachPence
#FireBannon 
#FireKushner 
#FireMiller
#FireGorka
#FireHannity
#NaziTrumpFuckOff
One thing I haven't seen is a plan by Dems to fix Obamacare. Is there one?
We know you are doing your part and knew the swamp was deep. Keep fighting for America and we will keep fighting for you. Trump 2020
and screwed up. Again!
Trump great leader!
Which Trump is lying?

#MAGA MY ASS!
All of them.
Do you know what "civilian" means?
It's irrelevant to his role as President, except when it comes to the military. He meant "before I was an elected official."
So he's a fireman?
I give up. My point was not actually very critical of Trump, in this case; just of his language usage. I'm not convinced, but whatever.
This is actually much more than a matter of semantics. Many have argued that this has protected our liberties from threat of military rule.
Okay, let us know how OC working out for you both @BorisJohnson will appreciate, all best.
AND IT FAILED!!!
Pres.Trump, do you think AG is practicing your logic of "don't tell what your plan is" ? Possible though!
How many politician will loose their income 4not doing what these insurance co./healthcare swamps r telling them to do?2fix unfix pockets
So it's just a "red herring" 2 divert an agenda & NO!!politicians don't do that no? But d #Obamacare needs 2 be fixed cuz d #comingdue
@CherylCkfrancis put a real prosecutor to work as AG. One that cannot be bought off like Sessions
@CherylCkfrancis Fire AG Sessions now don't allow this ridiculous leak investigation. Please
Like you've been saying - ALL TALK, NO ACTION! Hate2say it but they will NEVER get back in again..I say u should run INDEPENDENT IN 2020!
Why's "civilian" in quotes, mate? You think you've always been better than your fellow Americans, even before you bought the presidency?
Mean bill
You were a democrat in the 80s
Your party can't stand you. Neither can I.
Aint gonna happen, sucka
Do opposers own stock in tech co. IBM that makes microchips 4 human tracking disguised as medical chip? In ACA hidden ALL AMER.2 rec implant
Impeach Trump 2017
Its my understanding that govt officials get elite health insurance program.If they R subject 2 same as citizens they'd ALL be voting REPEAL
Obama care stinks needs revamping
There is no 2 government a hahahah they all run by insider government and they will never show them selves..on media lol there a gang sexcul
I've never heard of a president so corrupt, everyday it's getting worse @realdonaldtrump keep the few dignity left resigned #followthemoney
Change leadership in House and Senate.  Topic is how many will lose coverage,what about us that have it but deduct makes policies worthless?
They have a very good chance to soil their nests. You live in manure they don
Hope they will eventually repeal and replace you. 74 millions did not vote for you. That include HRC and other candidates. They despise you
Repeal the law put in place by Obama that exempts Congress & Senate from the ACA. That will make them really MOVE!!!
You wish!!!!Bigly Wigly Wish
And you, Mr. President, now have your chance to make good on your promise to cover everybody at affordable rates with no cuts to Medicare.
Swampcare is not a solution. You are getting to know establishment @GOP #RINOs.  Not your friends.
Could not even fit that mans shoe on a wet day. It was not for fame or notoriety it was just for the people. As he sees how hard they work .
Just repeal it for now. Don't worry about replacing it.
Please. Like that's happening.
#NotMyHealthcare
Yes, they do. @GOP Impeach now, Replace later
They have their chance and so far ... nothing.
#2018incumbentrevolt: Headline: Citizens Institute Term Limits at the Ballot Box #drain the swamp. Campain for the Underdogs.
You are still a "civilian." Commander in Chief is just a title. You are not a member of the military. Just making sure you know this.
@VoteTrumpPics

Let it implode!  Let's work on taxes
And lost their chance. No one to blame but themselves.
You still ARE a "civilian," dummy.
Repeal now, and replace later, when Dems and Republicans get their heads out of their backsides and do what we elected them to do.
That's right leave 32 million Americans to die!
The republicans have diffent ideas than your at this time they want to respect the public opinion and their consecuences
So what are you now?  You aren't leading anything.  Remember, President = Leader...  Time to get to work Donald and show some real results!
WRONG
Here's how to win:
Just make it "meaner"All the #SICK aren't gonna vote RLetem go, cut out theHEALTH&even CRUZ votes4it
JUST PROVES THEY HAVE NOTHING.#8YEARSANDNOTHING
Stop the talk and MAGA.
As "President" I would think that your ONLY concern would not be just "repeal & replace Obamacare"; it would be humane healthcare for all.
They slit their own throats if they vote for this. How can sleep at night if they vote for this type of plan? Come up with realistic answer
ONLY if they want to commit political suicide & lose their jobs & retirement. Also risk RICO charges & penitentiary for supporting such acts
No one cares, and punctuating civilian implies you disdain those lower than you
Think of ur speetch
As if ur rever ur under rights to billd the hisbtetal
So make an example switch ur shit sire
And they can't do it because of their ineptitude and desire to hurt the people with their #FakeHealthCarePlan. Rich get richer, poor get nil
2018 is coming!
Remember root & branch?
We can start draining the swamp with the fake Republicans.
#JustRepealorJustGoHome!
@POTUS NOT WOTH THE BILL THEY ARE EXEMPTING THEMSELVES FROM!  VETO IT IF IT PASSES THIS WAY OR YOU ARE NOT FOR THE PEOPLE!!!!!!
With
Too many cowboys in the Rep party. 
 makes it hard to get things done. Many worry only of their own district and not the country as a whole
Yes, and when @SenJohnMcCain recovers from his preexisting condition using voter paid healthcare, he can repeal it for them...
You are a civilian. You carry the title Commander in Chief. Civilian title NOT Military POTUS.
Focus on tax cuts & let Obamacare continue to fall apart on it's own. Let people who want Obamacare suffer when it happens.
Career Politicians dont want to repeal Obamacare probably because of bribed benefits received for passing it the 1st time.
Every single career Democrat & Republican needs to be replaced with those who care about the people & not their wallets!
They may have their chance, however it's so clear the career Republicans will not pass anything as they are against you too
AS  A CILILLIAN, YOU LISTENED TO REPUBLICANS..when was that  when you were five?...lol  repeal or REPLACE WITH THE SHAFT?  yeah thats it.
They had nothing to offer during the Obama administration and they have nothing to offer now!
And they are going to crapp it out .... like everything you touch. You like king Midas but instead it turns to shit.
and it wont get done...
But they don't want to fuck up their own aunts and uncles, parents, and grand parents peace of minds.
Use your pen to end the waiver exempting Congress from forced Obamacare coverage. Put them under the system and they will end the disaster.
and they're spectacularly messing it up, as usual.
It didnt happen then and it won't happen now. Its immoral to take insurance away from millions of citizens. Shame on you !!!
They?
Some republicans are actually democrat.
It sometimes better to have your allies on the other side!!!!
Republicans will catch the blame for this major screw up no matter what happens.  Unless you can pull a rabbit put of a hat. Mine 300% n 7yr
You know you're not going to be #president very much longer. #Gop and #Democrats will come up with #HealthcareBill without you.
Why not remove all of the penalty or mandatory b.s. and convert much of it to a medicaid/medicate type plan? A spin down for those on it.
AND....THEY ARE BLOWING IT!!!! When a party has the majority in Congress, the WH and can't pass anything, top leadership is the problem. YOU
Oh
great.
ball in court delays many issues makes me wonder?Democrats in all reality posing as Republicans inorder2 tip control scales
Impeach and replace. The right thing to do.
Whatever abomination may be passed will be called TrumpCare. You will own the misery caused by TrumpCare. TrumpCare. It's yours now.
Too scared of the big bad media!
Who's afraid of the Big Bad Media: RINOs are
Happy playing Second fiddle to Dems
#DrainTheSwamp
#Obamacare
They were for the most--not serious-and they are proving it.
And their heads are still up their asses. This proves that Obama is smarter than all of your
And still they can't get their heads out of their asses
Funny how you are saying "they".  While you are sitting at your desk with pen in  hand and not offering them a hand. Lazy ass.
And won't use their chance, because it's against more than 22 million Americans. What kind of President works against his folks? You!
Trump and the GOP are liars.  Leave the Affordable Health Care Act alone.  It serves Americans.  Your crap serves the filthy rich 1%.
Fix Medicade Open up the states so we can get competitive rates. Get out of our pockets! We don't need you to purchase Insurance.
Need the opportunity & reasonable rates. ACA was not affordable with my Co. I had to pay for  family of 4  $ 3000 . Can't afford 3000 mth.
Sure Republicans voted 61times to repeal and replace they knew full well  Obama would never sign bill Who are republicans  kidding
Yes sir! But most ppl are not as froggy as u & I, I would be ready waiting to jump! Some ppl want to wait until, way the odds, then decide!
So get on this sire
Yes they do but now in the hot seat, they really need to give the senior a break and not charge them more money, please!!!
It was all just lipservice
Check out @jojoh888's Tweet: https://twitter.com/jojoh888/status/886236287958736896?s=09 …

Mr. President, please watch.
Soros "protesters" caught being bussed in after mommy packed them lunch and wiped their faces before going out. #saturdaymorning 
And it appears they had nothing ready because even they thought HRC was going to win. Makes me sick!
I hope they can push it Mr. President. It's about time. It's to expensive & I thank God that u won & not HRC
they're not doing what we want - no gov involved - full repeal - free market and choice - i sent you a common sense plan from Gary R Lake
Idiot
They don't have an acceptable plan ...can you resign already let a capable person do the job
It's a new constitution not just a healthcare system. Need to get rid of it asp
..
Might have more success with it if partisan politics would stop trying to destroy it. 57 times as of march 2015.. just a suggestion
With what Trumpcare the Destroyer.
Explain the new proposed healthcare bill in layman terms. #we the people need to know
it's very simple, repeal and then replace! Repubs in for a shock if things aren't taken care of!
Oppi.
Mr. President get some help and do the Bill yourself. You can do a better job than the Republicans.  They do not support you & your agenda.
The TRUMPTURD in the Whitehouse will and does hold a grudge.  The GOP needs to get a set of balls, bring in the DEMs and the ACC.
What TF does that mean, you still are a civilian and a LIAR!!!
And see how they act. Disappointed.
Mr. president, your team is letting you down, kick some butt
Wish they would hurry up and get it done.
This is going to sound stupid but why not do what Obama promised the American people for 8yrs single payer!!
Yes, becuSe they don't care about controlling healthcare assets nor about the millions that will die or have poor quality of life
Oh honey, your were never a civilian. Is it hard to talk properly with that silver spoon in your mouth?
Liberals taking up live stream- Trumpers : you lost election
Thank you Mr. President. GOP needs to pull together NOW since ObamaCare has FAILED & is hurting people, such as my family and friends & ALL
Do you know how quotations work?  You weren't a "civilian", you were a civilian.  There is no gray area. #legaldefinitions
Such a backstabber! Fix our country! Stop bad mouthing our systems and get to work! Stop backstabbing this country with your foreign friends
Forget what happened in the past and who says what about you!  stop bad mouthing OUR gov.and try to find what all people need. Move Frwrd!
Quit
And they will fail miserably.
Oh sure, I bet you did. Ha Ha
... But no plan.
repeal not replace
Please do not fall into Obama's trap this is what he wants to have happen
Sad day for all.
Or they might be fake too. Just saying, they ain't your friends. We Are. You let us know who gots to go.
