Nope, It's down. Fact Check. You are being lied to.
Chicago is a typical socialist marxist ghetto warried only about their public/retire/health ponzi scheme plans. Let it died
Well crap. You’re the president. It’s called help. Like H.E.L.P
Ya HELP....He enrages ladies pussies
.@realDonaldTrump SNL Thinks The Serious Violence In Chicago Is a Joke.
SNL: Down Plays Shootings and Homicides In The City Of Chicago. 2 murders & 10 Shootings per day. #SNLSpicer http://abcnews.go.com/US/chicagos-control-violence-produces-762-homicides-2016/story?id=44402951 …
No hire more police. And get tuffee on crime suport our men in blue
shut the fucc up stay out of mi city
,Totally agree , but for some reason they will bite there nose off to spite there faces "spite" , they dont care about life
Recommend Extreme Vetting for billionaire cabinet persons and their bosses, not working immigrant mothers of 2 kids.
help us  sir
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Yet, it's still fewer murders than it was 26 years ago.
he can't do it he's proven that
or maybe gun control?! But wait, you can't do that, because the NRA bankrolled your campaign!!!!!?
Get rid of the thugs not gun control
@yodatai check the fact
boot out the mayor who fought for a foreign country instead of US after 9/11 then install National Guard.
people who have know respect for them selves . . Have know respect for others . . Look at it from that direction
Hillary Clinton, Obama, Uranium And ... meddling" in the 2016 election to actual ... of Russian meddling in the U.S ...Research Cortana copy and paste for public viewing.
He did not...they did>>educated yourself folks read between the line you have to with our president.
SCOTUS can set aside every gun law in the US,make Constitutional Carry accepted in all states .
So Trump   Chicago is not Afghanistan so Chicago's violence can be 'fixed'  Fix all the violence in the world w 1 tweet  OK
Other US cities have much higher shooting and murder rates. https://www.thetrace.org/2016/10/chicago-gun-violence-per-capita-rate/ …
Send the Obamas back there,  they think they can fix anything, ha ha
Why don't you do something about the guns that come in from Indiana, the poverty stricken state next door?
Why don't you blow some smoke up somebody else's ass? All call your pal Putin. You are both flops.
Do you even know the history of Chicago? I guess no research when you put your hotel there. Njoy protecting ur interests.
prez trump-- tribune runs a daily score as does Mlkee journal showing the daily stats! Bad news!
districts with 4 coming up from behind. All north side crap there. South side in Chicago!
with sheriff Clarke, but mayor and chief r bleeding heart libs. There check out 7th district (fondy) and 5th police...
Chiraq problem bleeds over to killwaukee and has for years. Less than 100 miles apart! Milwaikee county pretty safe...
before armed, robbed num times at gun point. Stomack sliced open, left to die. Rather in front of 12 thn under 6!
help the people out Mr.trump ....
Would have been a fool as a cracka unprotected. Cops not there!  Scary? U bet!
if black lives matter, why do we have this crap? Gun illegal when i wore vest and carried lots o guns there!
about 40 moles from Chicago I worked in as well and was murder cap. Just like 6, 7, 8 mile in Detroit! All animals...
They don't need the terrorist to kill them, they just keep killing each other, bigger no. then terroist could archive
Media should ignore this clown. Starving for attention & playing behavioral games. World should repeat what Madona told him
Wasn't all this supposed to have stopped last Friday? #Weak  #VerySad
.  I guess they were exercising their 2nd amendment right "Bigly". we should add open carry on to that for sound effects....
they need to add some relaxo medication to the drinking water.
He asked for fed help in meeting w/you on 12/7. Is your memory already failing you at 70?
it has nothing do do with gun laws the guns being used are stolen we just need more cops more prisons
what are you even saying?
I thought the Feds were the problem.
#1termDonaldJTrump That is a promise so enjoy your 4 years that's if you don't get impeach first Just ask @PatMcCroryNC
@slone he doesn't care
What happened to states' rights and local control? No longer applicable with the democrat out of White House? Enlighten me.
C'est dû à l'ignorance de la politique intérieure mené par Obama, il s'occupe des autres pays européens
When will there be an abolishment of the 13th amendment?
Fascism isnt the answer.  Let the people arm themselves in Chicago!
I would let him beg...lol
NYC bx bkln also .Welfare system must go asap.women with children should have no excuses.Daycare centers can be affordable.
let's see if mayor can be courageous enough to do this - not sure he cares enough about the innocent dying on his streets
Congratulations MR. President!
he can't handle it. He had no support from OBummer
Bye the way Chicago is a Gun Free zone. Law abiding Citizens First Amendment Rights have been violated there, Chicago is ran by Liberals.
/ I agree
Y doesnt the Feds Automatically enforce City laws in citys were residents live in fear n r killed on a basis?We all pay tax
Real serious problem's.
congressman Lewis would be a big help if he would just step down !
hHillary had a good idea...fix the 2nd amendment for tougher gun control...Duh!
@TeamTrump @realDonaldTrump NO HELP IF CHICAGO STAYS A SANCTUARY CITY !!
there ya go, how about your idea of allowing more access to guns? Then more people can shoot each other.
No jobs there either, drug related, and if they have a police record that all they can do. No one will hire them with that.
Drug related I am sure. You should not be allowed to leave prison with out a trade. Or they will be right back in again.
when you leaving Donald ??.you and family!!! then america can be great again
No wonder zobama isn't moving back there.
MAKE SURE HE ACCOUNTS LIKE EVERY PENNY THE TAXPAYERS OF AMERICA GIVES HIM TO FIGHT THESE THUGS AND IT'S USED FOR JUST THAT
Listen to police dispatch San Antonio then listen to Chicago. Chicago, worst people dispatching, San Antonio professional!
ONLY IF THEY AGREE TO STOP PROTECTING CRIMINALS AND ILLEGALS,PLEASE BRING LAW BACK TO AMERICA!!
Or we could have  gun owners register for licenses like we do for cars. Simple and steps on no one's rights.
maybe they should have used one of the portraits that your "foundation" paid for.
unbelievable
He won't ask for help.
these  are all self inflicted wounds by  the corrupt democrat politicians,week gun laws,SANC City corrupt Obama Administ!
easy to say but what can the federal gov do? Obviously things are bad but be specific in offering your support.
or just make stricter gun laws and/or ban them. Australia did it after a school shooting, none have happened since.
ANOTHER Ovomit legacy!
They need to ask the State not Fed. You know, saying what you said just goes to show you are unfit to be POTUS.
PLEASE BOMB THE POPPY FIELDS IN AFGHANISTAN!! 90% of heroin comes from there, build the wall & fire bomb those fields!!
do the right thing...nominate Merrick Garland to SCOTUS. BRING THE COUNTRY TOGETHER! So unfair that he wasn't given hearing
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
please make sure you work on removing the lifetime benefits grandma obama is receiving. Thank u!
Better idea, get your friends at the NRA TO ARM everyone,  they can just shoot each other to death.
.@realDonaldTrump Good luck. No one around Chicago will even dare say WHY the murder rate is so high.
bring your great political experience here and do something about the violence. Or maybe sneak in like last time? Trashbag.
TRUMP  &  ILLUMINATI--NWO
@EnoughisEnoug13   Get ready to give up being a sanctuary city Mr. Mayor
I would not exactly call him "Mr." POS is more what I would use.
I beg for forgiveness, as I stand properly corrected     @realDonaldTrump
## Premature!! No FedHelp for sanctuary-defiant  Chicago.  Clean House & work the deal B4 FedInvest.  EndGame? Guarantee?
I wouldn`t give them a dime till Rahm is gone. That and they will fight to be sanctuary city. No money for them.
TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY. Weekly mass shootings, does America need half the pop. shot before you realise GUNS ARE BAD
Until they renounce their sanctuary city status, they should rot in their self-created hell.
What is the Federal government going to do?
Or, you know, maybe, possibly, wild thought..... get rid of the guns?!
MAYBE YOU SHOULD VISIT CHICAGO!!!
what do you plan to do to fix Chicago?
the problem is that political correct media forbids to talk about the reasons for it. To fix problem - have to admit it.
His trump dare medical beating due to corruption. nuoc America was buying human health board
Did Chicago asked for this? They reelected their mayor and supported Clinton and Obama.
Unfortunately Mayor Emmanuel bypassed the @Chicago Police Board and chose a bakers dozen lard a** to be Chief by fiat.
I guess Obama didn't know?
Unclear what "it" is the mayor can't do. Also, no need to capitalize federal -- that's obsolete, 18th century usage.
get real DT!
its really very simple.  No guns,  no shootings.  What is it about that you find difficult?
It's  unbelievable that is happening in Chicago,thanks for making it a head line.Liberals are are talk no action.
Wrong. The homicide rate in Chicago is still below their peak in the early 1990s, during the height of the crime wave.
time for a new mayor then
TOO MANY UNWED MOTHERS THAT DON'T CARE OR NOT TAUGHT MORALS. IF THEY CAN'T FEED,CLOTH,TEACH CORRECT SOCIAL BEHAVIOR, MOVE
POSTMAD DOG  DESTROYING ISS, GUTHRIE CLINIC  RUN  DRUM MEDICAL CLINIC VETS THERE R  TREATED  BADLY   BY THE CHEAP  GUTHRI
THEN  HE WILL LOOSE HIS JOB ,   HE DONOT  MEET CRTERIA  HE IS THE TAKE  BYTHE MAFIA OF CHICAGO THEY  CRIME SINE ALCAPONE
THE GREAT TRUMP ISIS  NEED ONE SMALL ATOM BOMB DESIGNED  BY ISAREAL AND DONE BY ISRAEALITES FOR HISTORY RECORD
…………
loose Rob Emmanuel his father was a terrorist and he is an Oboma operative.Destruction is his game
Not quite, in 2016 there were 726 murders in the city, up from prior years but significantly below the highs of the 1990's
Remove the bottleneck of local and state prisons, allow overflow to federal facilities
do USA citizens have legitimate rights to buy guns in Walmart like you would your weekly groceries? #crazy
are you going to tackle USA gun lobby when in power.. are you brace enough?
BAN GUNS THEN! Can't you understand this simple solution. Your guns kill thousands more people than terrorists!
Appoint an entire Chicago Management Team to drain that swampy city government. It's gotten worse every yr since OBAMA.
not true.
if he can't do the job then he should not be in that position all politicians need to understand do the job or get out
Latest statistics show that it's worse in Indianapolis @mike_pence Oh..don't wanna talk about that?? Hmm
What will you do? Start a fake gun safety University?
@GOP and Trump prefer their gun murders en masse.
"You can't imagine how this could happen in a state like ours." -Rick Scott (R-Gunshine State)

Florida led U.S. in mass shootings in 2016. 
Tazer first. CHICAGO train police to aim the tazer first 
they work better than bullets often!
Its time to start the TAZER FIRST program!
An officer may aim a tazer at u if he doesnt know u !
Are you willing to help? Or just raise fear in your right wing support base? You don’t give a shit from your gold tower.
Chicago's crime rate will continue as long a liberals run the city & they allow sanctuary cities to harbor criminals.
Just how is 2016 a record?  Explain it to me with data.
wow. In milwaukee here I believe the numbers are over 100 a month deaths with the heroin/opioid epidemic going on
Murder is actually much higher since Chicago doesn't include victims if the die more than 24 hours after shooting
so move there
but they are a sanctuary city!?  That can't be!
#RememberChicago2017 recognizing every homicide victim in Chicago and 2017
military state! Are you kidding me?
we need to let movie stars know that they are entitled to their opinion but we do not have to go to their movies
why don't we build a wall around Chicago?? #BuildTheWall
210 shootings on January 1st. Tell me again that America does not have a gun problem?
Americans like shooting at bigger targets like elephants, giraffes, lions where they don't get shot back at.

The Nat'l Guard there for 1-day when a gang kingpen's baby was killed/revenge war on. Rahm sent them away. Worse eversince.
keep flushing the sh_t down the toilet.
calm Drumpf. In 16days, you get the chance to show your hand
He can the he just doesn't want to.
The gangs are killing each other off in record #'s. Not a bad thing.......
You yourself have caused hatred & the resulting violence h blood from that is on your hands.
Especially in a city I once called home.
I want to disagree, but I can't. How many people should die, especially people of color, before an unable state lets its people?
Which he won't GET...UNLESS?????
thank you! Please help Chicago
@hectormorenco 1989 was worse
Chicago has some of strictest gun laws in USA, yet highest murder rate. More gun laws won't bring rate down...morons. sigh.
please move to Chicago.
As bad as the numbers are (1 is too many), there were far more in the 90's.  A president shouldn't make false statements.
there is something beyond wrong happening in Chicago and other major cities.
I think you should live in Chicago, give them all something worth shooting at.
what are you going to do, nuke 'me?
Black on black crime is increasing in Chicago. Whatever's being done isn't working. May be need a good Community Organizer
trump man of action
washington post says not a record setter? uh? the highest its been since 1994 is not worth a mention?
Factor in police brutality.
#How"Presidential!" of you to notice!  It's another Tweet #fortheages !  Did #AnnaWintour remind you?
Wouldn’t that mean more “big government”? I thought the GOP was about reducing the role of government? State/local rights?
