
Time to deport middle aged white terrorist
Will you deport middle aged white men now?
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong ...
But he lost because people don’t like you.
#Winning
what happened to your other Luther tweets? he lost big time, because of you! Big time loser DT. health care, hurricanes,etc
What? The only people who care what you think are the idiots that voted for you And those are sad people.
Good
Grow up. Work for what you want. You're not in titled. You want DACA to do the jobs YOU are too lazy to do.
Trump, you are committing political suicide if you let DECA go thru, please don't do this. Also why Strange? Come on!
He is a fool
BREAKING NEWS:  ALABAMA doesn’t want or need Luther Strange. Get over it...we do things OUR way here in Alabama.
Not really.
If he's strong on crime, then he'll be against you and your family and administration.
tough on crime except for the crimes committed by the governor that he helped sweep away with a sweetheart deal.
Don't you mean despite your endorsement?

Everything is not about you..omg...
FAKE NEWS
Wow 
You used the phrase "since my endorsement." I think you meant to say "DESPITE my endorsement."
Waving your "i'm a petty little buy flag". Cut it out

Jewish-American WWII veteran Si Spiegel says Trump's words are an appeal to hatred. Si says he fought the #Nazis once, and he’d do it again. 
We don't need another career politician in Washington!
Strong on crime, but weak on Nazis.
Yeah, supporting Strange is like supporting McCain. He's a snake and RINO.
Vote Moore. No Strange who is a McConnell clone.
Wow! You're a turdburger!
I think it's clear China is giving Nukes to N Korea.
34%
You backed the wrong horse Mr. President. Roy Moore will win.
Y
Crime that the police almost all over are committing when the shoot a unarmed and compliant BLACK man? Obama DIDN'T, will you?
Do more endorsements of candidates for your agenda. Commercials against those against you and MAGA! @POTUS
WE SUPPORT #MOORE b/c he is better for #Alabama, will STAND UP to Mitch McConnell and is NOT just another RINO #DITCHMITCH, VOTE #MOORE!!
Lol
Start with the end in mind.Dems maybe will agree to the end.Then choose how 2 go about achieving the agreed end.The 'how' is more dividing.
BEWARE. Luther Strange is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Roy Moore is an ethical man of integrity who honestly shares your vision.
Luther is establishment & will turn on you! Roy Moore is ethical & a man of integrity. He's a fighter & shares your vision.
Is there anything you will not take credit for?? Soon you will take credit for the moon not killing us, "like everyone said it would do".
Unpresidented
@POtuS promotes idiocy: #mtFlushmore /money pit/ #border wall. 
GOP faux firewall to drugs and rapists = one great big #Liarwall. @SenateGOP
Blah, blah, blah...
Oh yes thats because you are so popular and believable. You really do need help, Mr President!
'S'all about you, Donny!
Sorry Pres-this is McConnell's boy-
Establishment-no help here.
Dems will get this seat!
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
I have d BEST support n d universe d #HolySpirit that leads me cuz ts field of politics ruined my private carer lied on me but #HolySpirit
Does your hand ever get tired of patting yourself on the back?
Actually that makes him wiser than you ma mate
ばーか
Who is Luther strange...?
Hopefully the left's non-stop siren wail of Russia! and Racists! will backfire on them just like their lies backfired last November.
Probably a good idea to see what Strange supports before endorsing him just 'cause you're angry.
Support the Judge.  He is the Christian in the bunch
Will you stop bragging about yourself!
VOTE LUTHER STRANGE. #MAGA
Jeeeeezis. Yeah..that was all you. Dolt.
AFTER THE LAST 2 DAYS AND YOU DEFENDING THE NAZI'S AND PRESIDENT BANNONS GROUPS YOUR ENDORSEMENT MEANS NOTHING ANYMORE IT WILL GO DOWN
Braggart
Jesus! You are diabolically pathetic! Is there ANYTHING you won't take credit for?
#JumpOverThatWallSir!
Being humble is a virtue. You should try it a little more.
Keep up the good work mr president us real people have your back!
But you support the Nazis
Idiot
WOW.....hope those White House renovations have expanded the doorways for your supersized delusional ego to get through
country even battered and confused leftist radicals. After all they are our leftist radicals. Thanks for all you are doing.
Yes the office of the Presidency has authority because of our constitution, our history and the honour of the men who have occupied it. Doh.
It's too late, Don. You can stop pretending that you're useful.
Wish you knew about his dropping investigation of our fallen gov Bentley to get senate seat + "Swamp King" McConnell backs him
Do you ever stop with the uncontrolled, narcissistic, pat on the back comments?? You're an absurd twit.
I personally think Judge Roy Moore will do more towards MAGA
As a Christian I like judge Roy Moore but he has a tumultuous career. He often has his butt in a fence.

I'm pulling for Moore
Dear Messenger no health care.  No tax reform . Drain swamp  first
We did because that's who you endorced
Fake news. Liar
No one wants anything to do with you. You are poison.
Do not fall for another McConnell controlled RINO(McConnell stuffed over $10M)into Strange's pocket.Please AL vote Patriot Roy Moore to Sen
@Franklin_Graham Believers have been praying for godly men like Moore to run. Stood for Word of God.
Strong on Wall? You said to the Mexican leader it is way down on your list of priorities. Lies. Sad!
Sir I'm sure Roy Moore would be pretty strong on wall & crime. Even stronger than Strange. Go Roy! Strange is neck deep in swamp. Drain it!
Strange is a RINO...CHANGE your support to Judge Roy Moore.
"Strong on wall?" What wall?  The one that doesn't exist?  The one that will NEVER be built?
Mueller will not forget Russia sir . Thank you Mr Mueller for all your doing to help America stay free from this bigotry.
You suck Donald
Strange is in bed with McConnell.He also thinks Mueller is fair! WTF? Support Judge Roy Moore - he is against activist judges, for the wall
PRES Trump,u need to stay away from this election.U were elected by ppl of AL.L Strange was NOT elected to Sen by ppl of AL.So let AL decide
Will you endorse me too, so I can get support?
ROY MOORE for Senate. C'mon, People! Ten Commandments is basis for law, freedom of conscience, civilization!
Thanks! Now, i'll vote Against him!
Wow, it's always all about you, isn't it?
#nobodylikesyoutrump

#resignnow
#FillingTheSwamp @lutherstrange would be nothing more than Mitch McConnell's lackey
A strange president endorsing Strange. Watch how history will make the two of you stranger.
[…] Un duro del muro contro il crimine […] That reminds me Mussolini, Hitler, and the related Goodfellas!
Hopefully some of these Rinos will c they will split the vote in 2018. And lose to the  Democatic Clan party. U know the Kkk
I guess he's a Nazi sympathizer too!! You're so awesome... NOT
You're strong on hate, bigotry and racism. Yay American we're becoming Russia.
I agree with many things you do and some things I don't! I'm very happy to say you are my President! Thank you for standing down N. Korea.
Let's put you behind a wall! Better solution than our south of the border friends but they are smarter and wouldn't take you haha tyrant
Stand tall, the battle is not your, it's the Lord's, this nation belongs to God not Obama.
Highly doubt that.  Shouldn't he have won easily?
Hope US gonna demo the Tunnels tht run under the Border&crack down on immigrant gangs(tht move illegal ppl&things ruiningneighborhoods)
Sorry but Strange is nothing more than another Mitch McConnell.  If you like McConnell vote for  Strange, otherwise vote Roy Moore.
#SYLH
It's the wrong Choice Mr. President this man is nothing more than McConnell puppet
YES Please strong on Wall and Crime Senator Luther!! 
Hopefully strong denouncing nazis too... maybe he will teach you how, since you are inept at it
He came in second haha. You lose. Sad.
If you think it has anything to do with you, your narcissism might be showing.
BOOOO
#WhyNotRoyMoore?
Roy Moore is my choice
Anything/anyone you support, I will go against.
Always taking the credit!
DELUSIONAL! YOU'RE NO LONGER RELEVANT.  You've become a DISGRACEFUL EMBARRASSMENT
Do you believe your own crap, cuz we don't.
Even with your help & McConnell's SuperPAC's millions, Strange is STILL losing to Moore in the polls.
You must ALL be unpopular.
#MAGA?
Self congratulatory bullshit @POTUS
Even We the People learned #AL Luther Strange is a carpetbagger of RINO @SenateMajLdr McConnell v. solid patriot ╬ Judge Roy.@MooreSenate
Just 1 extra vote - wow you are so popular.  I bet the extra voter was a white supremacist
C'mon Don, with a name like Luther Strange, you know you're bound for glory.... or cartoonish villianry
NO!!!! Luther Strange IS the SWAMP!!!!! GET RID OF HIM!!!
You & America NEED JUDGE ROY MOORE!!!
Strange is a SWAMP MONSTER! DRAIN HIM OUT!!!
Why capitalise it
Strange is establishment and friend of Lindsey Graham Cracker!
@realDonaldTrump  "Hey! Hey everyone! Look at me! Look what I 'did'! LOOK! LOOK! C'MOOON! LOOK AT ME!"
Do you read out loud what you type?
Narcissist
In other words you only like those that agree with you
I'm thinking the "tough on crime" stance needs to start in D.C. past admin kinda resembling an org crime syndicate. Crimes & money missing.
You were that kid who takes like two notes for the group project and still takes credit for the whole thing
Oh my god, you are delusional.
Why does Alabama need a border wall?
Yes, that's right it's ALL about You #WorstPresidentEver #GetOutOfOurHouse #GetOutOfOurHouse #GetOutOfOurHouse #GetOutOfOurHouse #impeach45
I tink you forgot  to say "despite"...
You don't do anything to help anyone. You're a bad person
Mistake.  Strong on Mitch...nothing else.
you endorsing him only proves he is as crooked as you
driprussiadripsubpoenasdrip
Keep being great,  remind the senators they had  7 years to work on replacement bill and did nothing.  If they don't get it together...
You need Moore more in the Senate.
That's because you're so popular and loved!!!! The polls -- they clearly show it!!!  Good lord...like keeping a nine year old's ego up.
Unfortunately he's a never Trumper and a swamp monster Roy Moor is a Christian and a Trump supporter
Big mistake Tiger, don't removal Steve, your falling into leftist trap
The guy was a grassroot, don't let him go, give him a Chief of staff, remove that showboat
I think his last name says it all.
Your policy, sir. President really wise policy you are able to take responsibility really Wow
Love our potus
Ha! Luther Strange! What a loser!
I voted for him
That, sir, is NOT how to MAGA. What are you thinking??????
We love you President Trump!  We are standing with you. Angeles are protecting you!#Grateful
