That's rich, you calling a lifelong, patriotic public servant a coward. You're a disgrace.
He admitted to letting others to tell him how to do his job and of feeling scared but he wasn't scared in front of intimidating committee
Look up 'prevalent' in the dictionary. You've used it incorrectly.
Prevalent means widespread so explain how President @realDonaldTrump used it incorrectly or is it widespread that you do not understand?
Not illegal. You calling anyone cowardly is a joke. Another example of your hypocrisy.
How is it illegal to share your personal memos?  Last time I checked that was freedom of speech.  Oh wait, you want to stop free speech...
We the people hope this not swept under a rug again.deplorables waiting for justice .hillary obama Soros criminal activities need to be seen
Smart people don't need to do things illegally, Donald.  Get a clue.

These America haters need to leave this country and take Hillary abd Barry Soretoro with them. There's plenty of stupidity here already.
your right president this (men) is a corrupted liars.
U r a crook please resign before we have to go through a long trial.
CORRECT MY PRESIDENT!! He should have REPORTED TO YOU LORETTAS REQUEST! Betrayals.WE COULD SEE HIM HE LIKES CLINTON  I CANT TRUST MUELLER!!
Shouldn't you be slightly concerned with Russian interference in our election?
Actually, they were not public documents so it was not illegal. Plus, shouldn't you be more concerned about Russian interference?
5 draft deferments and had body guards most of his life to keep somebody he cheated from punching you in that orange face, Bigly Coward!
I have a hard time believing someone that says I hope there are tapes is lying
Danny, let Donny talk what are you afraid of?
Said the 7Osomething coward who picks fights with REAL leaders to stroke his ego!
Continuing to use your power to abuse someone you've already fired
collusion illusion!
Nothing illegal:
1 Comey did not release a "classfied" memo. It was a recollection memo.
2 Did this "after" he was fired.
It's all bullshit.
If #transparency & #trust were virtues of  @realDonaldTrump #Presidency, leaks would command no value. You're caught. It's just that simple
this will not end well for you
lock him up & lock "her"up; adjoining cells. prison tailor needs to custom make x-long jmpsuit for mr stretch. x-wide for lard ass hillary.
Problem is that the info wasn't classified and he's a private citizen. So....  Try again.
Movie suggestion for the weekend:The Caine Munity.Snack suggestion:Strawberries.
Wrong use of word 'prevalent.'  Tweets nees to be grammar-checked before sending.
They can hardly do more damage than you've already done, all by yourself.
Respectfully Mr. President, Comey did NOT leak. No testimony was classified. JMHO. Senior lady in FL
I'm all for holding REAL leakers accountable, as long as you start with yourself. #MakeAmericaSafeHonestFairAgain
No leaks so far.  Afraid sir?
He's a political operative orchestrated leaks to get sessions recused and his friend mueller on the case .
Comey needs to be prosecuted, Obama, Hillary, all democrats
Obama administration most corrupt .
Says the guy trying to use Twitter to confront people
The only thing that's leaking are your depends adult diapers!!!
Insult Watch: 'cowardly': nice quotes  - huge loophole there, remember  'wires tapped'? Talk about cowardly! #comey #insult #trump
Divert divert divert impeach impeach impeach.
That sentence right there... In other words Lactatia makes other depraved drag queens look normal in comparison... 
You know what's cowardly? Hiding in your bathroom using Twitter and not answering questions from the press.
Lol....from a criminal. OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. LOCKING YOU UP SOON.
you are the worst human being alive 
#forREAL
Whatever! The POTUS did an owesome job his not even a year! Name big things obama did in American history? Get over it !
Troll alert!
THANK YOU SO MUCH 
TROLL ALERTS HELP ALL 

XXX
Instead of a present, I got her a gif.
(groan)
I think you're confused. Fake news is the mantra of the libs. And anyone who disagrees with you is a troll. #stupidlibs #maga
Sorry, but it has been proven that fake news is primarily coming from overwhelmingly right wingers.
Proven by unnamed sources I suppose.  Mental midgets smh
Not illegal, not classified.  Hope we do get more political leaks about you.  Comey has integrity.  The you can't be trusted.  Even
Republicans don't believe you over Comey.  What a nightmare for our country.
You're calling the FBI director who stood up to you a coward? And sending these tweets is brave?
Stop fantasizing about the President sitting on the john.  You need to go out, learn about life, and find a woman!
Surely not fantasy.  He does go to the toilet ..or does the mighty one not

.#DrainTheDeepState 
SO reassuring to wake up every morning knowing we FINALLY have a @POTUS fighting for #WeThePeople! 

…
As he steals $$$ from kids w/Cancer! That's just frakkin DIABOLICAL  How anyone can defend this monster is beyond me?!! Lord have mercy!!!

Your treason is ILLEGAL and COWARDLY.  #shame #TrumpRussia
All that non-existent treason with no supporting evidence! It's right there for you to see! Look at it! So obvious!
Go troll someone else.
The truth isn't partisan. It's not the method of telling, it's the content of that truth. You sought to interfere with an FBI investigation.
No he didn't, he just was asking if all the news and  details could be released.  I suspect you are just a poor looser.
Nothing illegal about his right as a citizen to speak the truth and nothing cowardly about him. You are the coward in this scenario. #RESIGN
We look forward to your testimony under oath.  Comey did it.  Your turn, coward:)
Notice Trump continues to complain about leak but does not firmly refute content of leak in writing?
Leaks are not the real issue. Comey's opening remarks about Putin violating our sacred election is the major story. It was an act of war.
Only problem is that ever since June 2016 they have no evidence where, how, when Russia hacked so it's still merely speculation not proven
.. if you were American you'd understand.. the wheels of Justice turn slowly in my USA,  but they do turn.

Fuck Putin
For the love of God, give it a rest! We know you aren't religious, stop faking it, and resign. You haven't got a clue what you're doing!
DEEP BREATHS !!!  I see a wall that we are all headbanging
Between him and May, I am getting sick of ordinary people being shafted for their billionaire buddies!
The rich pay 70% of the taxes in America. Doesn't sound like a shafting of the ordinary people to me
So it's okay to threaten lower paid workers healthcare then? I don't think so!
Healthcare isn't a human right. I certainly shouldn't have to pay for others mistakes
Not all cancers are self inflicted, genetic illnesses can't be helped. I hope neither happens to you or anyone you care about.
I mean, same? But his healthcare plan would cover genetic illnesses and other such things from birth
Only something that actually happened can be leaked.  So it seems you are admitting what he leaked is true.  You are the #KINGOFTHELEAKERS
I think they won't wake up until they are being raped,or a family member is, being stoned or thrown off a roof...to late they R just STUPID
Wow Darlinda, you seem very afraid of the boogeyman. Who tricked you in to being so scared?
I'm not afraid, for my God is with me.  I am afraid for you though.  I do love you in the Lord mackee
Darlinda, you tweeted about impending rape of our family members, being stoned, thrown off of a roof. You say you are not operating in fear?
I blocked the lovely Darlinda!
Where are the 'tapes' Donald?!
I believe DT presidency will be far more destructive than anyone ever thought possible. Worst pres ever? Very 'poor polls!' #TheResistance
Stop tweeting bonehead
Only thing liberals love. Leaking. When truth comes out about Odumbo incompetence and corruption they riot and burn kooks
His own notes.  Not illegal. You are the real leaker
Give us a break.  Thank God for Comey.
I only wish you had fired him on day one. Comey like to chase ghosts while ignoring obstruction of justice by Loretta Lynch.
How many other "leaks" is he responzinle for?
Look up "illegal".

As I recall he doesn't appreciate being referred to as a weasel- so that's what you should call him as that's exactly what he is.
Relevant
Stop the hypocrisy. Stop it now.
deepstate = cowards
James Comey = "Enemy of the People"
deepstate = "Enemies of the People"
Trump voters = Idiots or traitors.
U r full of hate
sisboom, not Trump....Trump = Truth
                                    Trump = Liberty
Nope.
Cowardly? No, oh orange one. That title belongs to you. How are those heel spurs?
Hmmm...but YOU are the one under investigation #RESIGNNOW
Still using the smoke and mirrors trick again. Get the facts and then act as an responsible adult
So show us your tax returns, give us the tapes and by all means quit slandering respectable people.  You are so immature
Cowardly would be backing out of testifying under oath. Opps you did that dint you?
you would know about "cowardly".
you said you wanted to drain the swamp well it's leaking we need to break the dam keep friends close your enemy's closer.
Is a leak if he was no longer a government employee? You leak information to the Russian's. The pot calling the kettle black.
Fixed it for you
I believe the President's tweets will be far more incriminating than he ever thought possible. Totally stupid? Very 'bigly!'
Agree
You sir appear to be a liar. How many lawsuits does Comey have against him? That's what Ithought!
You are 'cowardly' for blocking @votevets
What's it going to take to get me blocked by you, Sargent Tiny Hands? You can't get bills passed, you're a national embarrassment.
Said the draft dodging fool.
Reality check: Comey didn't leak anything. He shared what was his to share. Period. This is propaganda right here, and truly "fake" news.
Not based in reality Pres Trump
Cowardly? How many sham deferments did you get to avoid service in Viet Nam?
You are such a liar
You leaked your private conversations first! Who's the leaker?!
Yes indeed mr president Comey need fired bottom line
I believe you committing obstruction was far worse. Bully.
They are not leaks you fool!!
Honestly, do you understand anything. you are a danger to yourself as well as others
Words of a true coward
I agree.  He's another Clinton snowflake. A disgrace to the bureau and the American people.
Stand fast against mobs led by lefty old people who mobbed against Viet War, by trashing campuses, by Spit/insult  teens forced to fight.
you are done......how embarrassing for the once proud U.S..
Thats some one that is not a leader
Yellow. A blend of cowardice, fear and insecurity.
This is not a coherent statement. It is too early for you to be tweeting.  Please take your meds first.

Schumer had a better meeting.
There goes our crazy uncle again.
Prevalent?? Wth?? Do you mean relevant? Good Lord Donny - stop making up shit
#DTS
You are the coward.  Release your tax returns so we can see all you Russia debt.
Mr. President Donald Trump James Comey Loretto Lynch Hillary need to all be held accountable and prosecuted
You still haven't figured out scare-quotes???? #shityouredumb
Learn to be a president before you have no more time to do it. Next to your photo is history will be a pile of shit!
You fired him, so he can leak what the hell he likes. You, on the other hand, are a sieve. No one trusts you. No one.
Especially 88% of us.
Thank God I live in Canada where all we have to deal with is slow mo Trudeau !!!!
When you say you hope for a thing, you make it clear you want it. When the boss says he wants a thing out loud to others, he's directing.
Are you ever able to tweet without calling someone names?  Not a good example to others, childish.
We looked like fools in the G20, America's reputation is in the dumps and the Whitehouse can't tell the truth. I don't think the know the
What are there so many leaks????  It's because the 'Emperor' has no clothes. They are reaching out.
Now Mueller is leaking. Fire him.
Can you get a transcript of the conversation between Clinton an Lynch on Tarmac? Can you also get copy of Comey memo he leaked to his buddy?
The NSA should have a copy if it went over the internet or was deleted on his FBI computer, barring he didn't use bleach bit or a hammer?
Says the orange man that blabbed state secrets to the Russians…
Understand that Comey may have done what he did from fear of not knowing who he would be under president of.Hillary was the 5 to 1 choice.
Russia meddled in our election. Why don't you punch back like you always do? Instead you embrace Putin and want to lift sanctions. Thought
you promised to protect us. America First is a big fat lie. It's all about you, not us, not the country. You've always behaved this way.
saw comey (headofFBI), that man is more than a snake, comey acted more like an anaconda!!!..WOW!!..did not see that coming. clean the swamp!
Happy birthday Mr. President.
I'm sorry about the grey cloud this morning, but I remain truly supportive of you and your family
Where are the tapes?
Attempting to influence investigations...totally illegal!! (BTW that's u!!)
Thought you liked leaks and even (illegally) encouraged the Russians to do more of it. Not so much fun being on the receiving end, huh?
Demanded birth certificate of @POTUS44 but no tax documentation. Totally illegal? Very Cowardly!
You are the only coward in the room. James Comey had the courage to point out the feeble-minded emperor is wearing no clothes.
Hahaha.  This from a serial huckster...lets get that testimony under oath...
Trump is the coward and as usual, projecting his own character flaws onto others
BS
Alienate r allies, encourage hatred and violence.Discredit the media. U sound a lot like Hitler,with ur army of followers who only believe u
incredulous is the word. Its the perfect description for the hysteria from leftist, propogadist media, and establishment and why. #Disbelief
What about U firing him bc of him investigating U?And asking 4 his loyalty?His loyalty is 2 the American people. YOU ARE A SERVANT NOT A CEO
WahhhhhhhhhhFKNwahhhhhhhhhhh
Go trump
our country. In mere months, your words and actions have undone  many of our nation's hard-won accomplishments that serve as world beacons.
I can't wait for your public humiliation! You're completely inept! You're an absolute failure and YOU KNOW IT! RESIGN!
Cowardly like when you manipulated your way out of military service?
Please help us help you and stop this juvenile tweeting. Get to health care and building bridges  PLEASE
Coward ..?? Someone calling you don ? 
Funny how Clinton actually had dealings with the Russians but you're all okay with that
Why don't you just tell the truth for once
President Trump:  you are right. Fire counselor before he tries to harm you.  There is nothing on you, but I have seen them make people lie
Mr trump he wasn't cowardly or illegal-end childish nonsense-PLZ release tapes PLZswear into congress-u hav power 2stop this-unless ur lying
Pathological liar u would lie holding gods hand. God is the guy in heaven that u will never meet btw NO ONE BELIEVES LYING DONTHECON NO ONE!
Cowardly is refusing to stand against the Russian attack on America. Our Commander in Chief is m.I.a.
He leaked his own memos! Totally not illegal! Your the coward, firing anyone that investigates you. How about you on a lie detector machine?
he is such a professional liar that he would probably pass the lie test
You are the leaker by giving Russia classified information the day after your fired an honorable man.
if hes cowardly then that makes you the one that needs a brain! !
Right again POTUS. Keep it coming
#DTS 
For all those who claim Comey leaked actual  Memos to @nytimes before @realDonaldTrump "tape" tweet.
Not illegal to release personal, unclassified notes, you lying nincompoop! #BullshitPresident #HistoryWillHateYouToo
Clean up the Swamp MrPresident, You are doing a great job and have shaken the inept. Keep tweeting we the People love it
Not a leak actually as he wasn't an employee, but a private citizen at the time. Get your facts straight, little man.
Mr President, you must stand firm and defeat evil. Dems are the evil. God is with you.
Agree #POTUS
Donald, you can't have it both ways. It's either a leak or a lie. And Comey has been under oath. You haven't.
Glad  when  all you legal  bank robbery go  to jail
You throwing him under the bus for things you and the GOP told him to do is cowardly and pathetic
Agree . . . I all the way to Sacremento . CA influenced for sure!
The spy catcher was a spy for the Clinton's.
