I'm from Australia but that has nothing to do with this. What is your favourite colour?
Love from Australia 
Well give us VETS s Substantial COLA
Thank you, Sir! As a proud Army Veteran I wish I could have served under your leadership. My time was over too soon. Thank you.
Thank you Mr @POTUS for KEEPING your word! may God bless you and may God bless the #USA 
What a hugh waste of time and our money.
I'd like to thank you president Trump for everything that you've done, you've done this broken country a tremendous deed.
Hell yeah!

Thank you, Mr. President!

Thank you U.S. Armed Forces.
Keep it up president TRUMP!!!
3 Years, 6 Months, 5 Days, 15 Hours, 25 Minutes, and 28 Seconds
Lol.... I know common core has destroyed math skills in US, but everyone knows Trumps here for 7+ more years ... #MAGA 
Make America Great Again !!! 
America is already great. It will even greater after Trump & his mob family lose every single one of their assets & die in prison.
It's truly amazing that you actually believe this..... Trumps not going to prison, nor dying  there. You are delusional.
No one is above the law.
Except hillary
If she were above the law, she'd be in office.
An embarrassed nation doesn't thank you.
You don't deserve to be a citizen. Save that  for tweets that are not directed at our Armed Forces. More class, less trash.
We are HONORED to have you as our 
PRESIDENT! !!!!!
A disgraced nation is humiliated every time we see you saluting real heroes who defend this country. #HeelSpurs #Loser #25thAmmendmentNow
65% of Americans aren't grateful for you. You are a FAILURE!!
Looks like you got to change your narrative now, huh??
You will go down as the most corrupt person in the history of this country. 

You will rot in prison.
You cannot be serious? Have you not heard of the murderer @HillaryClinton?
Yess!! FAKE NEWS! Her emails! Winning bigly! Yes! We can only believe words emanating from the #ApricotAsswipe! But Hillary! MAGA! Yes!
If Trump likes our armed services & Vets so much why no mention of the soldiers killed this week in a helicopter crash?
He cares for himself
Are you sure?
Tweets don't count. He Is the friggin president of the United States. He needs to talk into the camera.
Did President Bannon write this?This is bullshit theater: the ACTUAL PRESIDENT doesn't need to salute ANYTHING or ANYONE, US military or not
You're certainly no patriot, and you acting like one is embarrassing. When it all comes out soon, you're gonna wish you stayed a TV con man
We love you President Trump and we pray for you and your family and our country always!!! God bless you Mr. President  #MAGA #Bastille

Thanks for your service & your wisdom! Agreed we must support our Potus. He was voted in & deserves a chance the same as Obama or any before
Thank you for your service but you couldn't be a bigger suck up....
That's not really a "thank you" when you serve it up with a petty insult. Might have been better to just keep your mouth zipped.
We are honored to have you as our president
You're not the leader of anything. I will never support you and will work actively against you. You are a fraud.
PROUD TO AMERICAN!!!
Especially with you as our PREZ
Amen to that
You're sounding more like pence everyday.
How is mrs. macron, she has smaller calves then your wife?
This is why we LOVE YOU President Trump, you stand for what is right, and you respect American Veterans first! #MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN
You mean Nincompoop-in-Chief, surely. You are no commander, sir. You are a bully and a tyrant. "commander" implies leadership.
According to me, this tweet evokes this one from February 2012: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/168087421479694336 …
Other than hating the military, liberals also hate God, guns and country
We aren't honored by having you as President, we're ashamed!!

Resign!!
I am honored!  I Love this man!!!
Honey he wouldn't give you the time of day.. Give it up.. Try to regain some integrity and your principles.. 
Don't honey me!
#putinBots
Who's the president for 8 years get over it better yet leave the country North Korea's waiting for you
You've had a good run. Why don't you go ahead and hang it up?
Should have stopped your sentence at hang. Like all traitors should.

Best clip I have seen yet.
WE SUPPORT OUR TROOPS!!
BLUE LIVES MATTER!!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!!
Glad you President for real
A deeply unnerved nation would like you to please go away.
Eat poop 
Finally Michael.  An intellectual Trumpkin to respond to.
Gosh. Seemed to have lifted a rock there.
And they all scattered out at you.
It's how the roll/skitter.
You have the poop icon too!! . You are just "adulting" and don't use it as a clever response to people!
compare to:

Plenty of examples of THAT 
Here is one On VETERANS DAY

Not a word from FOX
Look at that picture. Most people in it are not saluting. 

You are as misleading as they come.
hand over heart is the same as a slaute
and this
Again. Look at this picture. None of the other  civilians are saluting.

You are as misleading as they come.
She's the Commander and Chief's wife. She sits in the citadel of world power. Show some damn respect
You're Next...
Another One Bites The Dust.

#WeAreTheStorm 
https://www.youtube.com/embed/rY0WxgSXdEE …
I tried to tell you; but why listen to me? I'm not Hamilton. I'm A Hamilton Spirit.

#ThatsHowWeResist @GOP @DNC #ResistTrump…


Don't be distracted. They really do mess with the Twitter feeds. 
http://nypost.com/2017/03/30/how-russian-bots-try-to-sucker-trump-on-twitter/ …
What happened when I called out A Russian on manipulating # CNNdirt trending. Seriously...WTF? #ThisIsNoJoke
#LiveFreeOrDieHard
#Firesale 
Same confrontation different account... #RussianHacker. 
The Russian who hacked me the day DonaldJr starting trending

U should be honored, our warfighters are the best in the world.  The problem wit that statement is that you have zero honor..for anything.
Hhhh
I don't thank liars! I am sure I am not the only person out there that has morals!
Liberals crying. Lol
You wont last long in the WH once they find out what you really did. Your staff is so stupid always covering up for you. Especially Huckabee
U made a mockery of the sacrifice of our fallen soldiers! democracy is not for sale! 
justice is coming 4 u & your treasonous family!
@SHSanders45 is working hard to convince us that the Emperor's New Clothes look fantastic & were #MadeInAmerica
Will you seek #asylum in #Russia the day the military refuses to serve you because of your #treason & #coverup? #PutinsPuppets #TrumpLies
Draft dodger Trump is a treasonous traitor.  
#ImpeachTrump #imp
#TrumpIsLoyalToRussia
Thank you President Trump
America Armed Forces are Thankful for a real President! Veterans are Thankful and hopeful as well . Reagan , Bush , Trump !
@DonaldJTrumpJr can you both explain why payment was made to Alan S Futerfas on June 27 before the @nytimes breaking news?
Our armed forces deserve a Commander in Chief with excellent leadership qualities. How disappointing they have you instead.
#FakeNews #FakePresident   Commander in Chief who never served a second for his country!  And they all know it!
Sir, am village guy from India,, Pakistani based terrorism will causes to the great Americas features, kindly beware and stop support them.
We love Indian love America.
IN HEARTS OF EVERY TRUE PATRIOT, THEY ARE VERY AFRAID THAT YOU ARE UNTETHERED AND MOST UNWORTHY OF ANY DESERVED POWER!
Just not the trans heroes who have fought and died for this country
orada olman beni mutlu ediyor
Covfefe
More like commander-in-crap
yes u are a gud and gr8 man and heaven will destroy ur enemies in d name of yaweh Elohim trump all d way USA must be great
You make US so very PROUD! Thank you @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #AmericaFirst
Hope you understood that the parade was not for you

Poll shows 71 year old @realDonaldTrump is the most hated president in 70 years.  Tired of so much winning?  Enjoy! https://twitter.com/thehill/status/886563851801702401 …
You are not fit or qualified to even stand in their presence. #ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrumpWeek 
#MuellerTime 
#TREASON 
#TreasonMeeting
Keep tweeting,,, but seems so desperate and we are so losing interest.
Part of being a president is believing 100% and God and Jesus Christ. If you don't believe you lose your loyalty and your worthiness.
And I'm sure They're honored to have a guy five deferments lead them.
Aren't the armed forces considered part of our Intel which you are constantly badmouthing because they know the truth about your lies? #reap
Yes we thank them for their service!  The same can't be said for your lousy, shameful, and self-serving snake oil performance!  #Resist
Thank you!
They all secretly hate you.
Congratulations, You are the best conMan in the World.  I wonder if the France have a medal for that
Love Melania's dress and shoes, she looks beautiful!
PresTrump loves military ( you can tell ) may be bc he was once going to military school as a young student.
Sorry Sarah, but your sarcastic remarks fall on deaf ears. Deflection is not your strong suit.
You don't have a clue how to be a Commander and Chief don!
When did you mention the 17 servicemen lost in C130 crash in US last week? HINT - you didn't!!!!!
and you better believe they are  NOT HONORED by your presence i cant believe you had the balls to even show up
Amen
you should be honored - to bad you dishonor them with your potty mouth
Draft dodger.
Traitor-In-Chief

Thank you Mr. Trump, you have done more for veterans in 6 months than Obama did in 8 years..
Looks like another photo op
A grateful nation thanks you Mr. President for serving as their Commander-in-Chief!  #GodBlessYou and the greatest military on the planet!
What a joke!
I thought you delegated that responsibility? Since you clearly have no idea what you're doing. Challenge: where is Mosul? No phoning Russia!
Nice move for a draft dodger.
I always felt that if you used bone spurs to get out of serving for the country, you don't much have the right to solute like you have. IMO.
nice video, draft dodger! 20 secs of fatty fake-prez and 4 seconds of actual patriots #25thAmendmentNow #disbarKasowitz

In cas you didn't know, saluting is done by people IN uniform.  Stop it! You look stupid and denigrate those who actually wore the uniform
Trump is not fit to be commander-in-chief of the military. Trump is a disgrace.
So happy your foot boo boo that prevented you from serving personally is all better now.
Only thing I believe u r commander  in chief of is the trump shit patrol. And your ole lady's pimp machine.
Sarah, you should be ashamed to stand in front of the media and just lie non stop. Your fictionalization of events is now #FakeNews
May god bless our heroes and keep them safe!
We, unfortunately, are NOT honored to have you represent US.
Then why you cut their benefits Vietnam vets 50,000 dead not a real war you are a POStus
Proud you are my President while my son is in the Army  serving in Seoul, South Korea in the 532 Military Intelligence Battalion
Nice to see those bone spurs aren't hampering your salute.
You who hid from service. And still do.
What a great President trump looks so presidential
Wonder how many of the courageous men and women of the armed forces are honored to have you as their Commander in Chief.
@TeamCaramac
Thank you for your leadership Mr. President !
Are you including all those weak PTSD sufferers and those men and women who were P.O.W's that you talked crap about during your campaign?
And we're scared as shit that you're the Commander-in-Chief.
That's Liar in Chief!
TRAITOR n chief
Amen!!
Commander of Nothing. You are UnAmerican. #TrumpTraitor #TrumpRussia #Collusion #FailedNegotiator UR just a slime bag #humantrafficking
I am sure the armed forces are honor that they are being seen around the world as valued instead of being a laughing stock for 8 yrs
Thank you Mr. President!  24 years active duty disabled veteran here and I salute you!
First of all let me say thank you for your service in our country God is truly blessing you
Gag.
A grateful nation, yep!

DT Jr. I blame your gold digging mother for giving you that horrible father. She must really be a focused woman who LOVESSS money.
Look st that.  @POTUS is saluting. So happy to be a part of #MAGA and supporter of @POTUS
Please help these homeless Veterans!
Traitor in Chief! Lock him up!
That is why Trumpcare is harming the vets! #TrumpLies #TrumpLiesMatter
Too cowardice to serve yourself, let others put their lives on the line for you.
We are doomed
Am I the only one that was praying, "Please lock your knees, Please lock your knees, Please lock your knees, Please lock your knees?"
Why don't they get good lifetime healthcare and pay as Congress does for even one term then?
That was the French
Bullshit they need cannabis and you will help them drbob
Tweets absolutely count
Scares me shitless, to be honest. How many folks are between you and the nuke codes?
Don't you know how to clap @realDonaldTrump ?
Honored to serve as commander in chief? After cowardly avoiding service with 5 deferments from Viet Nam? You sir, are a hypocrite and liar.
So proud of you, President Trump and First Lady Melania.   Camelot has returned to the White House!
My head is bowed in shame..
Very proud!
#FiveDefermentTrump avoided serving his country & is now honored to be #SnowflakeInChief. Sad.
#USMilitary WAS & IS GREAT! 
More like the commander in butthole
You're NO CinC, draft dodger.
You wouldn't qualify as commander of a Salvation Army.
@DonaldJTrumpJr colluded with the Russians.
I love our Commander in Chief-best @POTUS ever 2 B in America! #MAGA
Too bad you didn't have enough courage to actually serve.
How about helping us. The veterans???
To truly honor active duty & veterans, DON'T CUT BENEFITS, including TIU. If more $ is needed to cut, look at Congressmen's many  benefits!
Pretty sure vets and active duty are not thrilled with you sacrificing SEAL in Yemen to boost your approval ratings.
How are those bone spurs Don? Do you still think having  contracted an STD was your personal Vietnam?
You are no commander. You are no Chief. You're nothing but a liar, cheater,conman and criminal.
iesi
And it's an Honor to have You and Your Family representing this Country!
You should be grateful since you draft dodged 4 times. Seeing u in any military hat or jacket sickens me as former USAF wife of high officer
Yes, you'll serve as "Comander-in-Chief" but avoid service as a soldier, several times. Hypocrite-in-chief, wrapped in flag! #realcitizen52
Did you tell them about your unfortunate bone spurs that kept you from serving ?
Got to bless you Mr. President
Commander what a Joke!
Having avoided service all your life this does seem a little cheap don't you think Mr President?
You are the best president America has ever known. My president !!!
You should be embarrassed

@DonaldJTrumpJr more breaking news before the end of today. Watchout, criminals. #MAGA

You're an embarrassment to our country.
