Proud to have you as Americas First Lady!!! Nothing but High Class.
I assume the girls are wearing masks so @POTUS can't grab & kiss them.
Do you know how embarrassing you are to the American media @JimBMcPherson ?
I'm not affiliated with the media, so that makes no sense. But from a Trumpeter hiding behind a pseudonym & dog pic, expected. #tryreading
So pray tell what qualified you to write an examination of the media and the right?
A former life as a journalist, a Ph.D. in history, political science and journalism, and more than 500 footnotes worth of research. Thanks.
A needed kick in the pants for our millennial kids too.
Yours, maybe. Generally speaking my students are as intelligent & work as hard as my classmates did in the 1970s.
My own are very accomplished, thankfully but they'd be loath to give their gen. snaps for character & work ethic. I will look into the book
Resign before you're in cuffs!!
Not happening
@FLOTUS  if you need a way out just send us a signal! I'm sure there's a bunch of people who will help you escape!
Unbelievably rude people on here. No respect for anyone. We finally have a great President & First Lady and this is how they're treated. Smh
I'm unsure you know the definition of great. Plus the Trump's are famous for respecting nobody.
You're not a true Texan and I highly doubt you know the definition of "respect"
And he isn't a real president. Just a genuine national embarrassment. At least I didn't push a nation's leader for a photo opportunity.
Ouch! NOT!!
RT @FLOTUS: Thank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients &amp; get...
we are so proud of you, mrs. trump.

thank you!  We The People are 100% behind you and @realDonaldTrump
NO IT ISN'T (WE THE PEOPLE)! JUST YOU TRUMPTARDS ARE STILL SUPPORTING THAT BLITHERING FOOL!
Whoever is writing these tweets please tell Melania we are disgusted by her husband,tired of his lies and want him gone. Like she feels
CBO says your husband's AHCA will un-insure 23 million US citizens & > 10 million US children.No photo ops for US children losing healthcare
Yeah like the CBo Has ever been right.and many of those people are younger people who don't want to pay for Ins or to pay the tax
Nice when a nation provides health care to its most vulnerable citizens, right?
Yeah. If we can call doctor-assisted death "health care". Belgium passed voluntary euthanasia law for children in 2014.
The law applies to terminally ill patients who are suffering.  Do you actually equate all "health care" with "doctors killing patients"?
So, children cannot give consent to sex but can give consent to be killed if they are "terminally ill"?
Law requires parental consent.  A terminally ill child is an unimaginable tragedy, but I don't think it's always wrong to end suffering.
It's morally wrong to end life to save money using as an excuse "to end suffering ".
Awesome
You should leave your monster husband. Make a name for yourself and help children . You seemed natural and sincere. Your better than him.
Meanwhile 23 million of them are going to be without Insurance
Hang Obama for his many treasons! 
This tweet totally changed my mind about healthcare. I was worried about losing it but then i thought "hang Obama" and felt better
Ppl r going to loose their healthcare, that was designed by Obama! Worse he plundered Freddy& Fanny to fund his fraud! Not Trumps fault!

I bring up Obama bc The treasonous bitch is at fault for the Jc & housing fiasco! Trump is fixing it! You're welcome 
I couldn't afford it before and was not penalized. Now i have it. Going back to not having it is not better. What's so hard to get?
Here where I live if Ocare would have continued as planned many would've lost their hc & would've to pay IRS $5000.00 plus as penalty! 
I feel the pope isnt takein a likeing to 
President  Trump and you know there are many who dont  like the pope either Trump is my President
What a truly wonderful representative of our country.
Your a Lady after my on heart!
Another photo op to keep up appearances, another day away from the Ivory Tower.
Awesome best First Lady ever!!!
Dearest children across the globe my prayers are with you and to Mrs Trump thanks for spending time and showing hope compassion and love 
HELLO  FIRST LADY .......
MILK COOKIES  ...........
 @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump
Thank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients & getting a tour. #Brussels #Belgium 
We have a beautiful first lady inside and out in Melania Trump!
Good on the FLOTUS. Doing more for the sick than 45.
Beautiful
What an amazing FLOTUS. Thank you First Lady Melania.
The First Stripper!!!
She wasn't a stripper, she was a high class escort. Nothing but the best for Trump. If I was a rich old man I'd want a trophy wife too.
I realize this is your official Twitter page but who is writting this stuff for you? You only recently started tweeting stuff daily.
I have nothing against this lady. I think she has a billion times more class and a heart than her husband. Too bad for her.
"We all win down here, Georgie. And when you're down here with me, you'll win too!"
Cool King reference!
Strangely, whenever alone, u look so happy, first lady like! Dump him, expose him, and u will be celebrated by the whole world! Promise!
.... that was a dumb statement.. you should just stick to music.
Dumb but true
Fairy tale's!!!
Liberals.... 
What does that have to do with my political view? I didnt say i was liberal!ok let me drop rndm cmmt too! We hve health insurance, FREE4all!
FREE4ALL only means more taxes. The money has to come from somewhere. Example: free education and who pays the teachers? Do they work 4free?
Pfizer made 43 billion last year. Could you imagine if they only made 40 or 35? They would be forced to leave and go to ...
How about you visit some sick American kids? Perhaps those who are uninsured & whose families are going bankrupt to save their child's life.

Tap is saying not right time. Find another thing to pick apart, with your little tidbits. Can't wait to see.
Those lucky Children!  Belgium passed voluntary euthanasia law for children in 2014.
Same here is the best of all, but the most important things to do it for you.
yes I;m sure a NYC socialite enjoyed flying to the other side of the world to make paper flowers while Ivanka sat in on IMPORTANT MEETINGS!
It amazing I love to be part of it
We love you Melania!!
And she hates her husband....
Idiot no she doesn't. It was improper to show affection in public in Muslim nation's and she was trying g to be a good wife and not hold hds
Omg.  You people will literally make shit up to cover for Chump. You'll be like a old Nazi explaining to grandkids why he was brainwashed
No that's Hillary that lied about Benghazi or Osama not giving a crap about his own loved Chicago. But jackass gave his farewell speech. Lsr
Ding ding ding! Anti American trump supporter screaming Hillary hoping nobody looks at the big criminal he helped put in charge of the US
And proud that he is in office. How can you support crooked Hillary when she tossed  you election night like a dirty diaper not coming out!!

You have a sincere  for children 
nice work madam
Very nice! Our FLOTUS is a lovely women and wonderful ambassador for America!
You wish.  She's an ex porn and nude model that went gold digging
Do you know how many women strip their way through college.  Hope ur female nurse or doctor get your tweets
Oh "Brian" is just wishing someone like Melania, would even GLANCE his way! 
All I'd need to do is fill out the mail order request ...
Well, you might have better luck with a blow up doll! She won't care that you are a typical Lib! Good luck!
Your First Lady. So proud. Great role model for the children.
Oh Brian, grow up. Your silly, pathetic, adolescent fantasies are boring to adults.
Super  I like it
I am sure they enjoyed meeting you
The Pope’s expression when he looks at Trump shows how big a fan he is of his, LOL!
Same thing, actually. http://www.worldsocialism.org/spgb/socialist-standard/1960s/1969/no-781-september-1969/lenin-twists-marxism …
And this is what you want? Why?
It will be infinitely better that outdated misery-causing capitalism.
I don't want government taking care of me. I want to take care of myself
That's good since we don't want top-down government either. We want a society where the people are collectively in control of what happens.
Sorry stupid person but if that's what your looking for then your defiantly falling the wrong party.... get educated
when u look up the definition of the term "class," a picture of Melania should be adjacent to it.
Do tell why
Will that be next to the girl on girl naked pictures?
Hey donna.   Things sure have changed in society..it used to be men with foul, nasty dirty mouths...now its women. How disgusting
One forgets so quickly Melania's past and how she made her $$$ hmmm. Nice clothes and a model body doesn't make one "classy" people.
Melania was a model long b4 she got to be FLOTUS. Her photos are in good taste (even if naked) & foretell she is a strong, confident woman.
All they had was hillary, crooked hillary.  They knew she was corrupt, hillary never denied being corrupt, but woman were not jealous of her
So wonderful to see our elegant First Lady visiting these children! ⚘
Yes it reminds you of Princess Diana....
Oh hell no! Princess Diana had class, style, heart & brains! Melania is the OPPOSITE!!!
Why the hate? The truth never needs framing with hatred...
I believe you are an amazing FLOTUS
I bet you also believe that every animal in the world could fit in a boat
Have you been hacked or something? Cool it on the retweets. TYVM. 


Bravo to our First Lady!
It's nice supporting universal healthcare in any country but your own. You guys are phoney.
First Lady please help protect our children.
Thanks for serving our great country.  Thanks to Donald J Trump for his values
Very proud of our first lady and Potus.
Beautiful
I love the trumps there are the best
I'll bet that was fun!
love you and your family.
So proud of you FLOTUS
A thigh high split skirt?? Really?! You are with children!!!!! Unless ur trolling...
So you care about children, what about all the ones in this country, who will be without healthcare!!!! So we can make you richer??????
Yeah right. You're so unhappy.  Won't even hold your husbands hand lol
@realDonaldTrump Soon you can visit Hospice in America, bc people are not going to have health care.
Sight to sore eyes.
It's good to see you smile.
Melania Trump plz vizat my country Pakistan. In there people s very loving care ing
We are so proud of our elegant First Lady!
We all have something in common with Melania.. We do not like u either and for this , she cannot be that bad
Beautiful...God bless always!
Leave him. You only smile without him. @realDonaldTrump is a domestic terrorist
Great
Mrs. Trump. Just keep being you, and know the Press/Media is jealous. Have you read Annie's Story, Blessed With A Gift by Deborah Bowman?
Thank you for being our #FLOTUS You have brought dignity & class & grace back to The White House. 
I am so proud of our First Lady
So awesome of you to spend time with such sweet children :-) XOXO
You are an embarrassment - resign
Now, that's a 1st Lady to be proud of. TY
Maybe FLOTUS could TRY to be a good example and use the proper spelling of "you" ...or does she not know enough English?!
hello
Awesome.  I am proud of you and glad that you are our first lady
Why the masks on some of the kids?
Una brillante Dama, Melania T, y dedicada
You are so FANTASTIC! From a Canadian.
But do you enjoy holding hands with Donald trump????
Starving children with Trumps budget! Immoral POS
Thanks for "working" so hard for the American people! Seriously, what do you do?
You are a wonderful person !!
We adore Lady Melania!!
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker …
ALL of those kids have pre-existing conditions, but they ALL have medical coverage. Why won't US kids with pre-ex's? Oh, you hubby said NO.
Stand up for something!!!  You are a woman, We need screening and treatment for cancer. Fight for women, say something do something

SUPER ALWAYS IN FLOTUS MELANIA HEART & SOUL. WHAT A CLASSY FLOTUS YOU ARE. GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS. WE LOVE YOU.
Tell your husband to RESIGN WHILE HE STILL CAN. TRAITOR Donny has to GO!!!
So proud of you!  Great  job as FLOTUS! 
don't believe you...
So beautiful poised and real! A real woman with honest feelings for children
U R full of BS too
FLOTUS keep on the positive note be a leader, humble and stay beautiful! I'm proud of you!
@realDonaldTrump I love our First Lady. She shows this country how "raising the bar" has excellent results.

Tell @realDonaldTrump to resign
People, not patients.....it is an important difference.
@realDonaldTrump SUCH A REMARKABLE THING MELANIA WORKING WITH HOSPITAL KIDS, MAY GOD BLESS YOU.

such asuperficial TLOTUS (third lady of the united states), just as she used to be trained for catwalks. just up for money and power(of men)
Miss melania....... U are a jewel. From italy we love u
You jerk, they pay 56 percent of their pay check and the care is substandard.
It was great the way you cucked your husband twice on your overseas business, i mean diplomatic trip! Why won't you let him touch you?
@MELANIATRUMP You should always be treated with dignity & respect.  No one has the right to belittle and bully you!
Well Done Melania <3
Let's see those taxes, comrade who's hand gets slapped.
No one likes you guys... your tour people hosting you were obligations
you are a classy First Lady, thank you
God bless you @FLOTUS
Wonderful FLOTUS!  God rain blessings in her work, and extra doses in this precious, sick children.
The losers in the , not the good Americans, reply with ugly comments.  Thank you 4 representing Good !
I think you're a great person not your husband though he's a terrible human
Thank you for representing the United States with beauty and grace.
Estou gostando da atitude da senhorita, será uma Lady Diana Da América
Proud to have you for our First Lady.
You both can use some lessons in class from the Obamas.
So when is the divorce? Your husband is making a mockery of our country. Perhaps you can encourage him to resign?
I hope that she did enjoy her time & not just saying it.
Mr President she is a fine lady
You Are doing So Great representing Our America! 
Madame 1st Lady. I feel so sorry for you. #becarefulwhatyouwishfor
You would be considered an American hero if you left #TraitorTrump. We can see he treats you abysmally! Be an American. Divorce the fool!
Our First Lady is a treasure !
Why don't you run?  How can you allow that man to touch you?  Have some dignity.

good
Were you telling those kids about how much cutting Medicaid and medical research was going to help them?
I don't hate melania. I feel sorry for her
Very classy First Lady.
As you say... get them away from me when the cameras are off
Isn't heartening to know that not one of those families stands to lose everything they have to pay for their children's medical care?
What the fuck do you know about helping people,
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
you are a blessing First Lady. God is with you.
Why do you only genuinely smile when your not with 45?
Please hurry up and file for divorce.

Seeing all the immature post....Melania does not deserve this. Your a very classy first lady . People posting hate have no class.
We are so lucky to have a First Lady with such grace and beauty
What's their healthcare like? Cause we need better and universal healthcare.  Talk to the hubs, will ya?  Thanks!
