major outside money... like Russia.. sound familiar?
In an comparative study of the health care systems in six countries found that "Australia ranks highest on healthy lives, scoring first
WONDERFUL NEWS!!    
YAAHHH!!!!  REPUBLICANS
Be of help to Americans by not driving the populace into perpetual slavery. Start by defending natural rights only. No war, no wall!

https://www.amazon.com/Real-Culture-War-Individualism-Collectivism/dp/1493795783 …

 @realDonaldTrump 

#Legalization #MAGA
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Gl...
Please resign small hands
quit taking credit. The repubs have always had district, but came close to loss. You will fail and fall one or the other
But he is out president !
Cheating with Crosscheck and Gerrymandering you squeak out a victory. Your day is coming and I hope to see Kris Kobach in jail with you
Love you mr president
I can't wait to see you crash and burn, M.F'r
Who gives a damn about the Georgia in the Russian Federation Traitor 45?
Infinite
What governor brother Trump keep it real peace love all as aspects of  line
fake media should be shut down sir
I would hate to say, see you, but the fact is you're an embarrassment to this country, you don't care about us, More lies.
Killing Obamacare didn't do the republican party any favors, the fact that the Russia thing won't go away,will do it.
It won't last, by 2018 the so called president will have alienated 60% of this country 100% of our allies.
- Hi DST - is your business buying America first or are they still importing?  Why don't u announce that fake news
Seriously, grow up and refers to others, including the ones you disagree, with respect. You suppose to set the example for our youth.
Lie again. Barely won by republicans. Since  more people are waking up to the lies and cheating of the republicans, u will lose big in 2018.
Would this be similar to your "outside money" from your buddy Putin?
You mean you didn't ask for Putin's help? sad...bad....terrible
Great & only excellent. Wish Germany can redaublicate - he is really ONE
You are a joke.
Before going to any war with any country, make USA position stronger in Afghanistan
FAKE news = fake president.
Yeah....The Dem got the most votes there Donny!
Short strokes donny you're the biglyest Liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar
Why don't you teach Ossoff how to doctor HIS campaign donor list like your inauguration donor list?
#ShutItDown
This battle isn't over.
Surely I'm not the first person to note that @ossoff got 48.1% of #GA06 vote but Trump only got 46.1% of the popular vote?
enough with the "fake" already. Not all of us have retention problems.
I like how you constantly call the media fake,  but you get all your info from literal conspiracy nuts
No not big, barely scraped by... winter is coming
This, from our FAKE PRESIDENT, who used the Russians to cheat his way into the White House!! LOL!  Whatever....
Greed and mirrors
Air is wasted on you
Making America dumber and dumber, thanks dump truck
I don't have hate in my heart, but boy was I dumb before I discovered the eternal wisdom of sacred geometry. #LSD #trump #hippytrump
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
You're taking credit for barely forcing a runoff in a blood red district? Are you that dumb or just accidentally honest?
You are destroying the future and lives of Americans
Stop behaving like a child and be the President.
Shut up kook Adam
Talk Quickly dtQ see see Rachel Q see ra attached at see
You didn't help. Why would you think you did?
Georgia 6 is educated and diverse, the exact opposite of your base, so I highly doubt you had any to do with it which is why you barely won
wish you'd start going after criminals like Obama,Hillary,Podesta & Muslim bro.Instead of going after Assange!Exposing evil is a good thing
Seems like the weak minded can't handle other people's win. They Shrunk Into a Prune and begin to insult. Ah. Cowardice.
Fake news from the fake president.  Yes, you did help.  You almost helped the Dem win.
I think America would be better if you jumped off a very tall building. Wanna take that bet sir?
YIPEEEEE from Canada - cheering and praying to get a great new Conservative Leader here with some of your values.
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
MagaMilita, Proud boys, Oath Keepers, 3% Militia...yeah, you've got great supporters.  Do you even know who they are?
Ah no! Ossoff got more votes than 3 Republicans combined. Watch out!
Well done !!
If you need to file a complaint with the FCC you will need to change verbiage from 'fake' to "illegitimate."
Big win?!? Delusional as always...baaarfff
Wonderful, now let's get Obama healthcare a big boot and use Japans healthcare system as a prototype for America's
"Glad to be of help" LMAO Your lack of humility and decorum is an embarrassment
Mr President you are the machine of Fake News,#birtha#Kennedy assassination#Greatest President of all time.
Help? You couldn't help yourself out of a paper bag. You and your pathetically fragile ego are the laughingstock of the entire world! SAD.
Donald Trump  and putting America first  is a beautiful thing!
Lick my ass
It's Georgia..... Mostly red for years.  Proves nothing about you or the GOP.
You're VERY good at attacking Americans! You should be a foreign country!
Enflated baloon u r
Glad to be of help?  Bwahaha!! Hands back in his own pants, again.   #impeachtrump #youfucker
The problem is the you are a FAKE PRESIDENT!  Stop golfing and conducting Presidential business under cover at Mar-under-Swampwater.
Define "fake " in your terms.  How many outside sources does it take to prove a argument valid? By what means do you validate said sources?
EXCELLENT TWEET BY PRESIDENT TRUMP
So now a run off is a win? 
That's fake news.
Fake media ?  What we have is a fake president.
As of today 4-23 u so called Victory win was caught rigging the June election. So, still tunning scared. Stress is mounting. #russiagate
@texasfreedom101 which side did he help? But, the tone of this tweet was Presidential !!!!
Democrats can't seem to come up with anyone who is even reasonable for office. crazy he got as many votes as he did. Doing great Mr. Pres.:)
Where is the 108 million raided for your 1 million inauguration?im sure the POOR who donated $25.00 could use money back 4 food
Audit the FED!
- post 2008, was US taxpayers money going to overseas banks?
FAKE conclusion...
What a twisted conclusion...
FAKE PRESIDENT!!! You have been THE worst president EVER.
your biggest win was 19%.That's compared to the Dem 49%. What a joke you are Trump!
Hi https://twitter.com/Mr30296zipcode/status/856007428302876672 … You might want to stop saying vote for her & ga. period due to someone may sue You for conflict of interest Audit
https://twitter.com/Mr30296zipcode/status/851223988844077056 … This tweet Testimony that white man & sellout niggas in ga. Testified out of states help them due to Recession......
Biggest con artist since PT Barnum.
GREAT NEWS!  I had confidence we would win, too many other republicans running in the race took up a lot of votes!
America's worstest bigly badliest very very sadliest joke of all time to tell everyone that he is president of anything.
Would someone PLEASE ban this obnoxious loud mouthed illiterate fake news fool from making any more fake claims and lies on here.
The only "big win" you've achieved is being the #1...worst president (including Nixon)
I truly am sorry for the disrespect and ignorance of the American people. Please know there are many that believe and love you.
Yay!!
Only major outside money was yours LOL. I gave $3. How much did you dish out?
Your fake
"Big" R win?  Really???  HAHAHAHA!!!!!
The candidates that support you did very poorly in the election.
Put down the bong. IF there had been a GOP win he would have won  A runoff shows that they are LOSING the state!! U are destroying the party
That's your idea of big?? Distant second???
Talk about "outside" and "FAKE", look in the mirror "help"er.

The lone Dem took almost half the vote, but then again understanding how many votes are coasted isn't your strong suit.
Must feel good 2 know your efforts mattered.
@CelenaMariano2
Thank you for getting rid of anti 2 amendment surgeon general Murphy.
you're fucking crazy
Fakest media is the ones supporting your lies. Putin owns you. OWNS you.
# Resist
HA HA HA
Ask Jared to teach you how to recognize big numbers and small numbers. Might be simpler than learning to read. You're an embarrassment.

#UniteBlue #TheResistance #Trumprussia #kremlincohorts #TrumpRussiaInvestigation

Hmmmm. One candidate gets over 47% of the vote, more than ten other candidates and that is a loss?
You can NOT take credit for things you have not done.Just saying it doesn't make it Real.  Lessons to be learned.
How can it be a win for the GOP when not one of their candidates got more votes than the Democratic candidate?
We are going to get rid of you & the Dems WILL BE BACK!! Get ready 
LIAR.
YOU SOUND LIKE A 12 YEAR OLD PLEASE GET THE HE'LL OUT!!
Despite major outside R PAC $, unpopular FAKE POTUS support, large candidate field only Ossoff closest to 50%
Except.ummmm...they didn't?
My check is on the way for the DEM  you nearly lost this area - so you are zero help
do your job.  Stop tweeting. Are you 12
I will be so glad when you criminals will be gone
Donald you are fake news!!!
"Glad to have helped" lol! YOUR the reason it was so close in a deeply conservative state. Your killing the Republicans!
http://apple.co/2owrZYk 
#iPhone #PipePuzzle #PipePuzzleFunia Chris Paul
#OtherFrappuccinoFlavors
#starwars10k
Gordon Hayward Sean Kuraly
It has become overly apparent that YOU are the fake.  Time to quit and let real people run the country.
You r the Boss plenty evidence
YOU are the reason the Democrat, Ossoff, got 48.6% of the vote! EVERYONE hates you. SAD!!
Which is in our rights to do to support candidates we believe in. And you're hypocritical to say we don't with your fake media Fox news.
You know the Republicans didn't win, right? Ossof didn't outright win but come June...and we as individual people donated to his campaign.
The Demotards are desperate.  They stand for destroying our country.
AND 8 million sent to elect him. The news is so excited about him ALMOST winning. He couldn't win with 8 million. He'll be squashed!
Without your Daddy's money, Fox news, and the scared push overs in the Senate? Oh my.
Stop interfering , and it isn't always all about you
I wish the Republicans could stand up and tell you what they think of you, but they have no backbone.
