The NFL decided 2 honor our country by respecting its players right 2 protest racial inequality, unlike POTUS who demands we say merry Xmas.
Get some clothes on.
Why havent you had a heart attack yet? Please go away.
Trump does not respect this country by being a good President, it is a right the players have to voice their objections. That is promised by the constitution. So to deny them that right makes you UnAmerican.
and you starting a war . That will kill  100s of thousands  of ppl  in this great country is not a smart thing to do Either .
You know what was disrespectful? When you molested women and admitted to it without shame. Or when you dodged the draft 5 times.
And where were you? Whining, sniveling, crying or did you actualy spend time & money going there to help yourself?
I  wasn't even born yet
Americans  agree with Trump. Shut off the Super Bowel game if even one player kneels. Time to close down the entire NFL.
Good luck
Oh ya? Cadet Bone Spurs gfy
It’s American tradition to stand 4 pledge of Allegiance w/hand on heart.sing natnl Anthem,say Merry Christmas.we need to stick to our roots.
It is also a tradition to divulge your taxes, comply with the Emoulement Act, and show respect for others. Practice being a gentleman Tweetly-Dum. That's a tradition we teach our children.
You are as foolish as he is
If they take a knee, they'll get no support from me.

- If you loved your country, you would praise these people's RIGHT to do something you personally don't like. THAT is what makes the country awesome.  Not your authoritarian insanity.
The flag is disrespected every single time someone stands & salutes it, saying, “one Nation Under God, indivisible with Liberty & Justice for all", when they believe not all Americans R entitled to Liberty and Justice. Just the ones who look like them. THAT'S 
Disrespect.
—Sophie
Just shut up please, PLEASE
eff you
Ya sound ANGRY
Why are you obsessed about this?
Grow up! You're the POTUS for crying out loud! How about acting presidential for once!
Total respect for the Constitution. Try reading it.
You disrespect our country everyday by not stepping down from a job you're grossly unqualified for.
Fuck em all Prez! I got your back! Love you like a bee loves pollen! #maga
remember, he said "we certainly wish they would stand for the anthem, but we understand...." so was that go ahead and breach and see what happens? or go ahead this time and breach, or what do you think?
You used “force” to describe freedom?
Don’t attend the games. They’ll soon change their minds when they bleed financially.
No sir, you are the biggest disgrace to the country right now. You.
YOU are total disrespect for this country...
All of America need to take knee when football comes on
....no respect...you don't see any MLB players kneeling...screw the NFL
Screw you and your snowflake President...
Disrespect? You degraded and disrespected a man and family who defended a flag that you've done nothing for, other than divide and destroy
HAHA.
For the love of God and Country! Focus on REAL issues!There are PLENTY & your pushing this BS?! Come on, Enough!!
Take care of Vets, PR, & USVI! Stop worrying about the NFL
People are still dying in #PuertoRico
And plenty of help has been sent their by Trump before the hurricane hit.
And continues to be. Quit deflecting

Would you vote for Trump today?
Absolutely watching win again
Aww, it's sweet you have dreams.
Go live with bill Clinton
Oh, FFS.

I'm not a Democrat. 

Next.
I don't know why you people dis Trump. Obviously your blind to all the good he's accomplished so far. He's been a Great president.
Really?

So, your child lies to you about where she is an average of 200 times a day & has 'meetings' with people any good human would disregard, still good?

Shut your bitch ass up Straight goofy
Block these haters please
Your disrespectful to our country
They don't want to be on the wrong side of the constitution unlike you.
A total disrespect for our great country is having you as our President!
I guess your prior tweet about the #NFL changing rules was.... what do they call it? .... #FakeNews
Nosir, they are demonstrating the greatest respect for our country by upholding our constitutional right to freedom of expression. You=SAD
Hey dotard...why don't you show some respect for their decision?
You disrespect this country by your very existence.
No you as our president is total disrespect to our great country
Oh man get over it already. That liddle brain of yours is as liddle  as your hands.
Walking garbage!!!! Syphilitic circus peanut!!!
No one has a greater disrespect for our country than you, you old orange Nazi fuckwad. #RESIGN
Wrong. I'm laughing at two clowns. Trump is far worse than Reagan was though.
Trump is awesome, people don't like the truth... so they don't like trump! He is what presidents should always be!!!!
And you are a bot. When you can vote, get back to us, k?
NFL does not exist anymore to me or my family & we're athletes & sports lovers but we love our country MORE than football.Hope it disappears
Loving our country is not about suppressing the rights of others.
And you aren't?

Said the Russian spy.
You are the best standing up for this country who ever don't like it the can load up on the Taco bus I need to make one soon to help out free Tacos one way door and One way trip I will drive it to the border and Come back for more send all the druggies there to.
if we're going after people who disrespect our country I suggest you start from the top.
You sir disrespect our country.. help Puerto Rico instead of acting like a butt hurt child.. my lord
Get real. Go down there yourself if you are such a "good" thing. But no, you just bad mouth others.
Yes, thanks for asking. i think you are real stupid and have no job but to open your big fat yap on twitter.
Speaking of total disrespect for our great country, you’re under FBI investigation for colluding with Russia to win an American election.
Oh go back to sleep
With all of this
PR desperate for aid
Mass shootings
Threats of war
Politicizing death of troops
Russia...

#MoronInChief tweets NFL
This president preferred playing golf because there was so many water around that island...

What's next?
Well the soldiers fought for our right to choose whether we do or not. It is apart of freedom. Forcing is dictating. Thats not what we about
The only disrespect for the country is you, oh tiny handed orange puff.
Let them look like fools and move on. They are in the minority.
No disrespect is taking away healthcare, preventing access to reproductive care, taking $ from Russians, dishonoring our Vets,
Fascism is characterized by forcible suppression of opposition
Thank you for your PATROITISM Potus DJT
And you have a total disrespect for the 1st Amendment!
They are free. You are a cockwomble.
Actually the NFL is supporting players CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS.  Something you just don't understand.
Put those that kneel into active duty,  on the front lines, military or any division of the police force. See how many kneel then....
That's what freedom means. Doing what you want. You're free to say what you want. I'm free to call you a racist liar and failure.
U have no concept of respect. No respect women ,too cowardly to serve n military, for others that disagree. Need I go on?
Oh no poor baby didn't get your way
The world has decided that it will not STAND for your petulance,immaturity and unpredictability TOTAL RESPECT FOR HUMANITY
I myself will always stand for the Anthem. This is America, not a dictatorship>Freedom of relgion, speech and peaceful protest.
They are gutless !! No NFL for me !!
put a stop to this shit Potus they really must stand
The country has total disrespect for you. And?
Are you still on this topic... Jokes
You are the ultimate disrespect and blasphemy.
I agreed
Please stop bullying private citizens. Why can't they get on one knee and pray during the national anthem him? fix the economy silly Donald
A bloated orange traitor toad,  squatting tweeting on WH toilet, isnt?? @realDonaldTrump
Not
http://you-earn.net/?ref=4329  earn
@TheLastLeg  #sendandauberginetotrump
Just turn them off don’t watch the game!!
Trump ! Where was ypur anger when they passed   law to burn the American flag .Not a peep from You or Ange but  men cant kneel and pray. Sad
You disrespect our country daily
amen i will sign you petition and so will my friends and family bless you
In the end, the NFL is a FUCKING company!! It can do what it wants with its rules. Wish you'd go back to yours!
Stop hissy fitting like a shithead kid and maybe try and run our country instead of obsessing over how a BUSINESS does its BUSINESS!! Or how about I direct your attention to how schools no longer have students say the pledge? Thats something you CAN control.
All you have to do is acknowledge they are protesting the lack of security they feel being Black in America.
Since when have you ever showed any respect to our country??

No, total disrespect for our country is that you, the president, seemingly have nothing better to do than tweet about the NFL. #getaclue
More like freedom of speech. You know the truth about the protest but choose not to accept it.
For the USA
The NFL seems to understand our freedoms under the US constitution better than you Mr President.
Or far better grasp of the Constitution than your cheeto behind.
The kneeling offends me as a veteran, but I don't count
in·doc·tri·nate--teach (a person or group) to accept a set of beliefs uncritically.
synonyms:brainwash, propagandize, proselytize, condition
Do you even hear yourself?
This WAS a free country. There is no law saying that they have to. Shut UP already.
the only thing the NFL understands is money perhaps a nationwide boycott of all games would get their attention
Lol, shut up!
Learn history! This ain't no slave ship

This ain't North Korea dude!
.@nflcommish @DeSmithNFLPA @jemelehill 
@JoyAnnReid 

@realDonaldTrump is      0 - 2 vs @NFL.
He's still in preseason, they're not. 
#AMJoy
Colin's att. JFK quote was applicable to a Presidential President so these adjectives not a single 1 describes you Sir.
They r Juvenile Delinquents & unthankful BASTARDS☆☆
Nah, it more so total respect for freedom.

IT IS CALLED FREEDOM OF SPEECH! I
IT IS MENT TO STOP POLICE BRUTALITY!!YOU CAN'T MAKE SOMEONE DO SOMETHING THAT THEY DON'T WANT TO DO!! YOU ARE RUINING THIS COUNTRY!! I WANT MY COUNTRY BACK! SINCE YOU GOT IN OFFICE THERE HAS BEEN SO MUCH HATE!!!! I LOVE ALL PEOPLE!!!
All that losing must hurt, Trump.
you disrespect our country,
Did you really use the word "force" in the land of the free? Dicktator supreme, extra cheese.
#fucktrump #metoo #womanizer #cnn #MSNBC #CBS4Morning #cbsnews #NBC4 #abcnews #trumpisapig #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisanidiot #TrumpIsALiar
YOU CAN'T MAKE PEOPLE STAND FOR THE ANTHEM!! YOU MAD, BRUH?!
Start taking the money the gov't/armed forces give them every year and give back to the soldiers
Land of the free
Make up your mind. If you think our country is great how are you going to make it great again?
#PuertoRicoCrisis #VirginIslands #Empathy
You shouldn’t talk. 4 Americans dead in ISIS Niger ambush, you try and cover it up. They’re gonna Benghazi your fat saggy ass out of office.
you are embarrassing yourself
You are a disgrace to this country and you have other things to deal with.
you're a racist
did you see what u just said-"will not force" think about that a moment please-just like your forcing your beliefs thru your lies-relpulsive
#WeThePeople #DEMAND you READ (and obey) the US Constitution!!! This is #America --NOT-- #TrumpCountry @WhiteHouse @FoxNews @foxandfriends
Nobody should be forced to stand, that's dictatorship. It's not disrespectful, it's called freedom, numbnuts. Move to N. Korea.
Good!
Forced patriotism is fascism. Your implying that it should be mandatory, is total disrespect for our great country and our Constitution.
Im glad fat ass baby president 
#BoycottNFL
Like you, they want good changes!  Respectfully, asking for an end to racial profiling and police brutality!
No. Total understanding of the first amendment.
#Stand4FlagKneel4Prayer
Let them protest in Chicago and other Democrat Plantation run states. #Stand4whatMatters
Absolutely!!
CUT THEIR FUNDING.  THEY MAKE MORE MONEY THAN 90% OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
@realDonaldTrump NO ELECTING YOU WAS DISTESPECT 2 OUR COUNTRY...FACT IS THERE WAS NEVER NO RULE SAYING ITS REQUIRED 2 STAND FOR DA ANTHEM
So many are truely ashamed they did that with their vote.
They have removed me from 49 years of commitment that I gave the NFL.
Your a fucking spurious dotard lying racist womanizing psychopath who race baits every chance u get. Fake ass president
Actually, total respect for the 1st Amendment, unlike you!
You cant fix stupid.
No stand, no money to build stands or anything else.
This is what Bush was taking about shit up already and get to work on important items. Or better yet #impeach45
Sad day. Boycotting NFL.
So you lose again, aren't you tire of losing
Like you give a fuck.
country would definitely be great without the likes of you
You are PATHETIC !!! Don't you have other things to piss on !!!!
Why are we talking about NFL-much more pressing issues, CAfires, Americans in peril in PR, Niger ambush...smh.  Sad!

Just STOP. The NFL is not your concern. Your obsession is tiresome and ridiculous.
Donald has decided not to answer for the deaths of 4 US service men. Total disrespect for our great country and those charged w its defense
They are trying to sort out your 'great' country which is actually in a bit of a mess - the fact you were elected perhaps biggest indicator.
It's disrespectful? Sure. But more importantly why take a knee for a fake cause? The numbers don't support the conclusions just delusions.
I honestly don't care about the knee, I am just tired of the faux cause. Doesn't anyone think anymore? That's why I will never be an NFL fn!
the NFL will fail. Thanks to disrespectful employees.
