
Do you approve of Donald Trump's performance as President?
Can you please stop talking out of your ass! Quit already!!! #Resist #Trump #ImpeachTrump

Suggestion!  When near any DEMOCRAT   Just say 
JESUS JESUS JESUS
 ITS KINDA FUNNY BUT CRUEL
THIER DEMONS GO NUTS…

MONEY LAUNDERING 
You are a risk to national security carrying an unsecured phone.
You are delusional
Pathetic and frighteningly revealing. 0/10
This country Thanks 
It's not Tweeting. It's discretion. Don't send for a couple hours. Think about the total impact before posting. Keep marching.
Hmmm
Keep it coming.  We appreciate the comical relief.  You're a hoot
Keep Tweeting, Mr. President!!! Keep Tweeting 
Love you and support  you
Like about how you dominated if not dictated your Son's statement about his meetings with the Ruskies?
You wouldn't know the truth if it bit you in the ass... I'm surprised you even know how to spell the word cause you never tell the truth. 
#SigntheSanctionsBill
haha,it seems that only you have so many enemies.
You really shouldn't call your new Chief of Staff the enemy, because surely he's among those who wish your fingers would fall off. #idiot

Don't think you ever told the truth in your entire life. I call BS
news ok...fake election
FakePOTUS
Most of your tweets are an embarrassment for our country #thetrumpshow
You saying stuff doesn't make it true...... especially coming from you #TrumpRussiaCollusion #resist
Donald, you are a con artist and whiner. Our great country deserves SO much more! Even your fav poller, Rasmussen, has you at 39%.
We appreciate it Sir.
In order to get the truth out, you have to actually be telling the truth - not happened yet...
I wish I knew you when you were younger. We probably could have enjoyed a beer and some laughs together. Oops I forgot you don't drink.
Not only did SANTANDER BANK call my loan they are pushing my interest from 5% to 12% .and ive never missed a payment or been late.im scared
At this point Trump has just backed Rep into a wall. Do they excuse treason for the sake of their agenda or will they hold Trump accountable
We all know now that Trump jr original misleading statement came from the President. So if his campaign did not collude, why the cover up?
U may want to blame libs for the mess ur in but these leaks are coming from ur own admin which the last time i checked were all conservative
Please, don't stop using twitter. Without you there's no twitter.
Yeah what we all need: more sphinterspeak from you
Don't stop except 4 publicly slamming of ur cab members That shld b private.keep the MSM & rest of haters panties twisted! It's hysterical!!
HAHAHAHAHAH.

I'm still laughing. This was great. 

You and the truth 
Let us not forget that Trump is under Federal criminal  investigation There is a reason for that. The Trump swamp lies.
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I don't want you to stop using social media. Just don't want it to distract you from getting your job done, or to step on ur own msg.
To late for that. His message unfortunately is buried under dishonest tweet after dishonest tweet.
I'm not here to defend Trump. I'm simply pointing out the IMPORTANT difference between bad behavior and illegal behavior.
Didn't mean to sound like I was coming at you, just stating as I see things. Sorry about that
I can handle it. But thank you!
I saw keep going as your constant undermining of your own administration means you won't be here for much longer
I'm pretty sure the main person who wants him to stop using social media is his press officer. Their nerves must be bloody wrecked by now.
That's why he's had so many of them
Can you imagine how hard it would be to get another job with trumps press officer as your last role? If I saw that on a cv I'd be like nope
Hahah agreed! I'd invite them to interview, tell them they were an idiot and ask them to leave.
Just score them 0 for everything regardless of their answers
If they asked for feedback I'd be like "you know what you've done wrong"
Hahaha - pretty much my feedback
Truth? Hope Hicks just admitted lying for you. You admitted lying to Justin Trudeau. Donald Trump is incapable of telling the truth. Don Jr. like you was involved with a model? as his wife gave birth just the way you did when Melania had Baron. When you die no one will care.
.@realDonaldTrump If you think the White House is a dump, just remember: most Americans didn't want you there.
If what you say is true, why is Trump our president
Electoral college. He lost the popular vote. Bigly. #mathishard
Show me where illegal immigrants voted and the actual counts per county.
they th have an honor system, which is effective for people who are honorable, but is also an opportunity for people who are not honorable,”
Even if true (it's not), it still doesn't prove that 3M illegals voted.
Don't stop! We appreciate your fantastic communication with the people of America!
What?
Never, EVER stop! What you tweet is covfefe hilarious. Completely unstatesmanlike and humiliating, of course, but hilarious nonetheless.
Nothing better than sitting in my English garden at night with a rum & coke reading responses to his tweets! Politicians huh?! Too funny...
Donald said: "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
Lol he thinks all his followers love him and also considers himself a genius? 
The truth will come out with muller.
#TrumpIsTwitter
no just gives u a bigger audience to see what u are really like. news is good
And the lunatic, ignorant comments from Don supporters.  The ones who have the God train of thought worry me,probably off their meds.
You do realize you and your ilk have become the laughing stock of the civilised world right? We're laughing at you and your ridiculous tweet
What were you hoping I'd reply with?  Aren't u a Bully crusher?  Btw, I love that you advocate 4 pet adoption. Going to be getting a kitten.
Your tweet was condescending, provocative,  and ironically ignorant to a majority of America. Taking the moral high ground had since passed.
Did that comment back make you feel emotionally better?  I will always take the moral high ground as it's the right thing to do
Judging by your reply,  my comment struck a nerve.Good, it was meant to.
I love your tweets!  It's my daily dose of humor and it lets everyone know how truely clueless you are. #fakepresident
# like you we're paying no attention to the MSM . One can lie only so long before people stop believing
DUMP MCMASTERS NOW!
President Trump, please ignore the ignorant misguided and misinformed people
It's not the truth you want to get out there, it's your beliefs that threaten our democracy.
every syllable a lie.
Dunno about the truth of your statements, but they sure are daaamn funny
Actually we all do. Please stop embarrassing our country
How about you hire more Trump supporters to your admin. We didn't vote for HR McMaster and Johnny De Stefano.
Keep up the tweets.
I know!!!! #
Never stop
Maybe you could hire someone to do your tweeting for you.
@realDonaldTrump please keep tweeting!!!  #maga
You are the fake Mr Trump. You are an embarrassment to America, civilization & all of humanity.
#FireHannity
Never stop!!  It's a huge part of why you won!  Direct to the people because we certainly can't trust MSM!
Do your job!! North Korea is lobbing missiles and you're tweeting about old, "fake" news and playing golf. #UnfitToServe
Hucklebee & company been lying?
Keep tweeting President! Keep tweeting!

Our conservative Talk Radio & newscasters Support your Social Media to tell us your successes!
No, not true.  Most of us want you to stop.  You're embarrassing our country.
I think we just want you to stop being an embarrassing dumbfuck. Whether or not you use the Internet is kind of immaterial.

Actions speak louder than words.
You are pathetic.  Tweeting is not very presidential. You aren't in a popularity contest, please do your job!!!
Please don't stop you are my favourite sitcom of all times!
Indeed.
Best comedy Twitter feed on the net. Don't stop. Where would the world go for their daily laugh. You're a joke!
Did you get any phone calls from admirers today?
Modern day fireside chats  "30 evening radio addresses given by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt between 1933 and 1944."  Keep posting!!
the gods gave us u
the truth or fake?
keep at it. It may be excellent evidence at your impeachment.
Pretty sure your damn pants are on fire about right now.
No please, keep it up! You bullshit is now memorialized FORVER!
Yes but be very careful how u tweet, enemy's including many in u party want u to fail.. if u fail we American people fail..
35.1 million. But you were close.
Please don't stop, your like an ARC student writing a thesis on failure
I know, Sir. We love you, and we've got your back Mr. President.
Rosenstein not following the Law and must Recuse himself, Mueller not following the Law and must recuse! Time to Fire these Swamp Creatures!
Why is it only fake news until you need them?
Thank You President Trump for being the BEST PRESIDENT EVER ! And thank you for being REAL !!!!!!!!
Some people just don't want you angry shouting online tho
Heck no!  Just the opposite dude.  We love you tweeting everything.  Fastest way to get a new president!  Thank you for making it so easy.
Have you bothered to look at the top of your page where the number is presented?
I support you but Twitter is an inappropriate place to announce things you want done or have done.
huuum.. tell me again? how many investigations r ongoing right now for a SITTING PRESIDENT? 2 GRAND JURIES & 33% approval- this is winning?
Keep preaching the truth! We are behind you!
#MorningJoe @Arctic__char #2545 #trumpTrainWreck
Less than 15M followers (if that)... more Trump Fake Tabloid trash.
AND I KNOW THAT I COULD FIGHT OR I COULD LET THE LIONS WIN
If grand jury calls your ppl as witnesses, plead the 5th as Hillary's ppl did. Don't help this crooked crew at all. Pardon everyone.
Let us know when you're about ready to start telling the truth. It will be a refreshing change for everyone.
.@realDonaldTrump - Here is the Twitter audit report on ur acct.  

13,091,365 FAKE followers! 

Bet they r Russian trolls & bots! Gee!
Ready to explode your fake hair-do? *ka-boom!*
Right on #POTUS45 you are our strength
It's called Paranoia.
Trump I have have never been proud of a President until now I know things are in the right direction and I'm hopeful about ur right year!!
Don't stop... we need the true story
Oh please don't sop,your tweets are mountains of evidence toward proving your incompetence,,,do it!!!
You're an embarrassment.  Just stop.
Liar!
I am not a member of fake need and not exactly an enemy, I just want you to shut up on social media
Enemies?
You wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face !!!!
funny you lie here also jail bird to be
I want to vomit when I read or hear your words
Hitler was that way too.
How about people who reply to you? How many of the 110 million see that? (I am one.)
Jack Nicholson said it best " You can't handle the truth"   The truth hurts your ego.
Honest Americans saw the truth in Charlottesville with our own eyes just as you told it. We know the motives of the liars and deceivers
This sounds like modern day nazi propaganda
Keep tweeting, love to hear Stock Market is up, working Americans are up, Patriotism is up, safe homeland is up! Only thing down r libs!
Please don't stop
They may actually want you to focus on putting an 8 hour work day with focus.
God bless you President Trump 
With all do respect actions speak louder

Truth? You are a comedian.
To whom are you  referring, Mr Liar in Chief? Resign now, plz, before you hurt your reputation even more and irreparably. Do it for the USA.
The only thing fake in the US is the FAKE POTUS.  Trump must go ... Impeach him

Thank you president Trump for getting the truth out!
Our @POTUS is working his tail off 24/7 to #MAGA standing in his way are #democratobstructionists #witchhunt and #fakenews
Latina 4 TRUMP!!!...& YESSSSSSSSS!!!..You keep updating us through Tweeter, keep tweeting. we read everything you post. 
The most effective way to get the truth out is to stop lying. Can you do that? Sure you can. Let's try it.
Mr. President, Never Stop Using Social Media.

Don't stop tweeting. Stop tweeting childish shit. As a supporter, it's getting old.
only the media and Trump enemies? Well thats about everyone isnt it? at least a majority i would say.
Oh God, SHUT UP! We, the majority of the people, WHO DID NOT VOTE FOR YOU, do NOT WANT TO HEAR YOU ANYMORE!!'nnn
I don't care if you use social media.  I want you to stop using the title of PRESIDENT and get out of the White House.
It'd be nice if you every actually told the truth you fake President. I sure hope you go to jail soon. #lazyboy
You or your pampered family dont know the meaning of the word truth. At least they got it honest.
We are with you
Never stop.If all it does is tick off the left it is worth it.
Your tweets have already been used against you in court, dumbshit.
Please don't stop tweeting it gives proof you lie
that's right you tell em - tweet to your hearts content - you won an election with it, so keep using it!
Do you remember?
No - we watch it to see how insane you are.  Get mental help.
Keep tweeting!
JAPAN too 
Stop calling media FAKE! Only fake we find are the new ones set up by Breitbart & Mercer gang

Hi, you're even President Trump?
you mad, bro?
Mr.Donald Trump,rumor has it,that you need to stop,your relationship with Chavy ! If I don't tell you,who will,I would never steal from you!
Your son, Barron married me, & we, went on the Arsenial Hall show about it. Can I come home, father -n- law President Donald Trump ?
