Absolutely Unacceptable. They Know Not What They Do. #AmericaFirst 
Actually don't believe that Judge is Informed on CIA,FBI,U.S. Intelligent Community & he Lacks Authority.
Exactly Judge isn't President of United States how the heck would he know more concerning Global Affairs! 
Get Soros!,no money,no marches,no terrorists!He's been funding terrorism for decades.SaoPaulo Forum is just 1.
: He's bat shit crazy, pure and simple
<------ truth

@realDonaldTrump <------- doesn't know truth
: neither do his supporters.
NO BAILOUT FOR YOUR BUDDY PUTIN!!

Keep sanctions in place & reinstitute those you eased on the FSB.  

SHOW YOUR TAXES!
ISIS is very happy because you are making recuiting so very easy for propagating fear and hate toward Muslims #NoBanNoWall
@AmericaforTrum3 it is mind boggling that the judge would choose to lift the temporary ban. Once again politics takes a
your in shelley. Starts with No Trump!!!
I hope he realises that you mean the poet Percy Bysshe Shelley
hah poems forsee history in biblical times for thee in what history sees.
if bad people r happy u must be ecstatic. Sad :(
@tacomadan @realDonaldTrump  With Bannon calling the shots and the clown crying that he's getting beaten on. I miss Obama!
So does his buddy Putin
@Rosie @vvega1008 @georgelopez release ur taxes, we want to see how generous you've been, you talk it, TALK IS CHEAP
prez trump is right on this . Never ever forget.  It only takes one time to ruin many lives, we must secure our home.
you talk like a storybook for 5 year olds.
Mr. Trump most of this nation as with the rest of the world see you as a sad little man and impotent leader.
your vocabulary makes you sound like a first grader. Go read a thesaurus.
I'll blame you... You are bringing out the worst in America. #gross
@AmericaforTrum3 front seat over the safety of the American people.
did you forget about these terrorists.  Home grown bad hombres.
No they are very fine people oh wait they had a permit lol
Wow, you've proven, beyond any doubt, anyone can be President of USA!!
Cause we don't have extensive background screenings that take over a year to complete. You are right. So many terrorist
good question. The restrictions for the mentally ill to buy guns are no longer. Can't wait to get my 
Kelly why are you buying a gun
because it's my right to bear arms
are you going to use it
no guns scare me and im clumsy
your use of  grammar  is typical of children aged 11 and under "Bad people are very happy!"  are you serious?
he probably has an 11-year-old write them.
it is embarrassing to read them
I swear my IQ drops.
You are doing great bring on the TAX CUT we need it like NOW We need it retro to 2016 and the corp tax cut too. # MADA!!
funny how white Americans can say "go back to your own country" when they've occupied the Middle East for the past decade.
For oil might I add...
With all due respect, you are the most dangerous (bad) person in America. Own it. The terrorists love you.
you should know
You open us up for potential threats with your tweets and your disrespect of the rest of the world #youareresponsible
YOU threaten our nation by your unconstitutional laws.  Can not wait to see you tried as a traitor.
Your wife was an immigrant,  don't forget that.
The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts…

#ArticleIII
.@realDonaldTrump  anyone is a potential Terrorist. How is this stereotyping okay? So many recent attackers have been home grown.
You are out of touch with reality. You are a fear monger creating chaos on every front.
it's very sad that the best you can do here is attack your perceived enemies. Act presidential: shred your phone.
YOU don't have the country's best interests at heart. Bad.
Liar of the worst kind. #LiarInChief
How do you know what bad people think?  is Bannon thinking for you?  @realDonaldTrump @jasonrapert
who's to say the people in our country that are here legally and have citizenship aren't potential terrorists??!
you only closed it off to people that didn't do business w/u. That's not ok. #notmypresident impeachment is coming
Bad people like #PresidentBannon? Because that hombre is one bad "dude."
So @realDonaldTrump already knows his getting rid of intelligence experts will lead to Americans dying, & he's already blaming other people.
Yeah, and he's from Seattle.
no one with more than an 8thgrade education believes anything you say. "WE" The People;Will stop Tyranny and Racism.
#NMP
i'm a very good person and I'm extremely happy watching this country shut you down. You're the bad guy.
Teresa May should do what you have Don we are in danger every day in thr UK have a word please thank you
breaking news Muslim stabs tourist in Russell square London injuring 5 Teresa May not looking after us like you would Don
happy that you are providing free and effective fund-raising to ISIL for the next decade..... smh Donald..... Pls
@KimberlyFriddle Put them in their place where they belong.Hold up our laws or get out.
These judges should be hung if these crazy Devil-worshipers do ANYTHING!
you are our president, the courts have no place in it.
@POTUS  Why did we allow Robart & 9th Cir.court Judges doing unconstitutional / illegal acts? And put Americans at risks?
Veterans services SUCK! Been on hold for 75min and still waiting.
131k likes but no supportive tweets. Very dishonest Twitter #freespeechonline
, drain that swump too. They suppose to be fair and balance and nothing else.
don't stop fight for us small people I am one of the disabled
Anyone that wants to destroy this country is already here.
Bring Snowden home. Pardon and hire him for intelligence.  He is an asset.  He only told the truth against a corrupt gov.
أنت الإرهابي ياترامب وعار عارك
you love to blame EVERYONE ELSE for YOUR mistakes,this #MuslimBan was a DISGRACE and u can't handle that YOU were WRONG!!!
rip it up!
The judge did his job.  If you're not happy, resign and move out of America
@acapdiaz Get them Mr President this needs to end now
@CDoranHarader very sad situation when you have federal judges run amuk.  How can Americans alone defend against them sad
you sound like a toddler.
seriously 20% tax on CARBON, curious and government employee's exempt from this along with Obama Care
YOU are the most frightening terrorist
is Putin actually writing some of these for you?
Once again, not a single part of your tweet is actually true. Shameful.
They are  victims of the crime war that your country created in their countries .
when did state level (so called) judges have the right to over ride our Constitutional federal laws?
@cgpb Yes Mr Peesident. I"m SUPPORT you. WE must be aware With This situation. I Trust you Mr President,. U Can!!!
liberals want a killing spree on US soil before any ban on travel, PDJT wants to prevent deaths, why wait for attack
