YES WINNING EVERYDAY!!!!!!AMERICA FIRST!!!!! Love our PRESIDENT because WINNING daily!!
What, exactly, about selling AMERICA'S national monuments to private interests is "winning"?
Educate yourself before you ever come for me! Block you and READ
We need to invest in pens. Trumps giving away thousands. EO or XO which is it? It was XO when I was in the navy in the 70s
The woods I need as a cut of wood, rashes of interior views, suites shocked of wood, of vantage.
Love u Trump
Yes, so you can exploit our natural resources for personal gain. Can't wait until you are gone!
Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… htt...
Great, Mr. President, now EO after EO purging the DoJ until Mueller is fired. Do it for you and for us.
It must be done. Only can do it. Sir
I love going back and rereading my president's tweets love my president
What a disgraceful EO. Sickening, abominable, evil.
I can't think of any executive order you've signed yet that the people like. No surprise since you are not the people's President.
Hi Nancy !!!
Hi Jay!!!
The Antiquities Act gave us Grand Canyon, Grand Teton, Zion, and Acadia National Parks. It is our inheritance as American citizens. Keep it.
You get a big Fuck Off on this one.
Destroying and gutting the beauty of our country for a dollar is a selfish and total dick move.
Giving over the natives for the left agenda is a bigger one.
Oh boy, you signed more paper! So excited  Is there anything else you can do besides play golf and give you and your buddies giant tax cuts?
Apparently put a conservative judge on the Supreme Court.
And you're accusing dems of an assault on national parks? National parks are a direct result of the antiquities act. Read something
Save our National Park Land!!
Monster.
Hey @realdonaldtrump who’s grabbing land? #DefendBearsEars: http://pat.ag/DBE 
Hbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbhhh
Use the antiquities act to put the WWI Memorial on the mall next to the WWII memorial. #neverforget #veterans #honor #warmemorial
So, so disgusted by your gutting of natural resources and destroying protected areas to increase your wealth and that of your henchmen.
May your right hand wither and fall off and the spirits of the land haunt you forever .
Good! Please leave no stones unturned!!
texted  7x about the endangered animals act being taken away..wolves,bears ,belong to the people.u promised us
Do you even know what any of these words actually mean?
EOs a kimbo, legislators write the laws, not you. Enough playing king, this is a democracy
You cannot legislate so you sign "Executive Orders". Unprecedented. But then again, the country is now a joke under your leadership!
Executive Orders-is that the only thing you know how to do?  In Presidential history, you are way out in front in that category....
trump for prision 2017 ..... Vote out Republicans, otherwise this will just get worse
Trump thinks if he keeps signing executive orders one may slip through before the courts ban his executive order
so what, you're going to allow DAPL bulldoze through the Anasazi.pueblos? just another pile of rocks, huh?
There will never be a peace between Palestinians and Israel. For there to be a peace illegal settlements will have to be removed.
MAGA and FIRE RYAN!  Love my POTUS45!
Holy crap!
count me among those who "don't love Mike Pence".
If the plan is to cut corporate tax to 15% why is the plan to cut middle income tax to 25%?  I think 20% better tax cut for middle class.
It ain't broke. If you try to fix it, you will fuck it up. Good God, man, get a grip!
everything is getting done with your executive orders....when are the GOP going to come around and help you
you are signing all these executive orders. I bet you complain when Obama did it
Result of study: "we done fuct up"
You are doing a great job MR.TRUMP
Wonderful, Donnie boy. We can vacation at oil derricks & strip mines instead of wilderness landscapes. Good job!
Remember when you said you wouldn't be signing many EO's because they were an awful way to do things? We do.
Decoded means giving ur buddies the right to drill in more areas. Those lands belong to the people not ur rich friends
your giving up.

The cure for on care is 100.00 a month for family to have ins care
Hi
Say NO TO THE BUDGET!  You cannot fund planned parenthood or those damn sanctuary cities. It's a betrayal to real Americans. FIRE RYAN.
You signed an order to eliminate Wildlife and pristine land protection for the sake of profit. Pathetic...
Can you at least learn how to read so you don't pause at awkward places? You read like you're illiterate.
Who wrote it? We all know that you communicate at a 5th grade lvl. I'm surprised that you can even figure out where to sign.
Shame on you, sir!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
why, so your friends can drill in areas that should be national parks?
Don't tax people on land they already own, we pay enough tax as it is Mr. President.
The land belongs to you as rent by paying the state to use the land every year or until the government tries to take it by force.
2
Love the work you're doing Mr Trump!
From a fellow New Yorker with 40 years in San Diego.  We're proud of you sir!
J O'Mahoney
Big deal loser
Today i signed 18 petitions against u an ur staff. As i do daily
The red power tie only works if you're not a tangerine mate
You are a #disaster for the #USA .
Antiquities, schmantiquities.

Just cover everything in that tacky "outerborough classy" brass like you always do, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump.
Do you remember that you have grandchildren?  And maybe they'd liketo play outside someday?@interior
are you truly nuts?
You want to rescind Natl monument designation from certain locations so your mining and petroleum drilling friends can rape the land.
I oppose this order and demand congress to stand with the people . This is our land not big business
What won't you destroy?
Mr. President, please protect the environment, you do what your conscious and God advises, because you have dissernment. #SaveEnvironment
keep our national monuments. You're a terrible leader. Stop selling out our country for money
Super. What a day u had
You are so super duper awesome.  Give our land to @exxonmobil they will preserve it with their commitment to oil derricks.
Governing by EO isn't showing the art of the deal nor is it going to be a lasting and positive legacy.

What do you want?  Applause???
You sound nuts. How about some actual honesty... OIL. How about returning native American land rights? You're going to destroy the land.
Do not touch one blade of grass, grain of sand , or pebble in our National parks and forests!
Shouldn't it be called "Drill Baby Drill"?  I know you love those parks?  Yellowstone really lacking a golf course
once again what does that mean?
'I signed' - big deal- you've been signing your name since you were 5
Big f'en deal!
Another wet blow job to the oil business.  FU failed president.  After impeachment we will stop all that!
Yeah, cut those forests down
It would be great if you included congress once in a while
Why. What is the reason behind this
You suck.
Taking your cues from ISIS, now? You are as evil as evil gets. If you knew what it meant, you'd be ashamed.
How is this one of the most important things to do?
Thanks President Trump for your servants heart.  We are thankful and praying for you today!
So your rich buddies can rape the land.
Very good my President
Thank you .@realDonaldTrump !! You are simply awesome and amazing!!! I am so happy you are my President!!! We love you so much!!!! .@POTUS
You know these Executive Orders are not actual Bills... Right?
Translation: "I am not a very good leader so I am signing something to make it look like I am doing something"-DT
It's just too hard...quit, you don't know what you're doing. BTW your so called tax plan really sucks. It totally screws the middle class.
You suck.
@realDonaldTrump Why doesn't Congress and everyone else have the same insurance as the American people? At least be under same rules
Get on with the necessary things.
I bet dump can't wait to build a golf course at Grand Staircase Escalante-- the tangerine predator is the worst
You don't even know what it means! Ignorant OBama smart!
extremely short sighted, if you will be remember for anything it will be that YOU allowed for the destruction of all of our public lands
So much for "preserving the natural beauty of our nation".
Have you ever been in a national park? Backpacked through wilderness? Slept under the stars? I doubt it
BORING. YOI GAD WORST FURST 100 DAYS IN USA HISTORY!!!! Haha LOSER!!
CAN'T SPIN BEING A FAILURE!
not something to be proud of.
The land belongs to the people that it was stolen from . You gonna put you hand in graves again..fool
You make sick 
this man and Pens are not worth shit. They are a wast. And should not wast air on them.
Another infamous waste of time... paid for by US.  Grow up.
You are an abomination
Stupidity at its finest hour. The Nation Park System belongs to us..... not your personal property.  You need to stop your lunacy
Fake,, another fake fake lake piece of paper not worth the ink from a dementia fool
Homesteading?
This will go down in history as one of the worst decisions ever made. Sad!
#PresBubbleButt -- too bad your legacy as Pres is going to be the destruction of our Parks and Monuments.
your exec orders can be used as toilet paper.
King of exe orders
People come from across this planet to visit the wide open, and blue, skies of our National Parks and monuments. Do not touch them!!!!!!
Guess there are no golf clubs there
U signed this so U could sell PUBLIC PROPERTY at a disc to your buddies. They want to rape the land like someone likes to rape young girls
You said EOs were lazy & sign of inability to get anything done. Your words. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/seth-meyers-uses-trumps-words-against-him-in-fiery-takedown_us_59016d7fe4b0026db1de1e4d … #liarinchief #eo #executiveorder
You disgust me for even thinking about letting big business get on our wonderful national park lands. Resign today.
Stop with the orders please. Use Congress the way the founders intended....that could be a start to #MAGA
This from a President who never camped or hiked in a National Park, who does not love the outdoors.  A DARK DAY FOR THE USA!   OUTRAGEOUS!!
Another show and tell with the Cardiac Signature. Stop it!
I wld expect nothing less from a RE developer.  Is nothing sacred to you and your cronies? Not happy until all is destroyed for $$$
