


For sure you are the FAKE NEWS & FAKE PRESiDENT!
Question is ... Why? What is behind the media turned propaganda machine for Leftist!?
This right here is the reason for all the Fake News. @POTUS YOU have the power to make PROPAGANDA ILLEGAL AGAIN. It MUST be done.
Day by day and night by night they out there spreading bizarre fake news conspiracy theories and tryna undermine your presidency it's sad


FAKE NEWS "little t" trump!!!  Put on clown makeup and that would make a great clown GRIN!
Wow how many tweets you replied with "FAKE NEWS "little t" trump!!!" 45 of them LOL and no thanks he good
You misspelled "Trumptards."
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEM...
Right...how dare they take credit for your efforts to destroy America for Putin!  Move there Troll!  
You definitely want to be the tyrant in charge. Goebbels would be so proud that you use his propaganda playbook.
No, pumpkin. That's one thing you actually CAN take credit for. #Trumprussia #Fakepresident
https://www.gofundme.com/sprfld-community-theater-upgrades …
your presidency is a sham and is wrecking democracy. #45worstpresidentever
You are distorting democracylol
Unnamed sources? I can name the two most important leakers:
1 - Donald Trump jr.
2 - Donald J. Trump
"This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia & its government’s support for Trump"
Don Jr: "I love it"
Prove it, don't tweet it

That's exactly right.  And 36% who have absolutely no clue.
You need to take a big pill and go back to sleep
That's what you're doing Donnie. You constantly accuse others of your own games.
#fake45
Same old sh**! Is this best you can do? YOU are biggest distortion and disgrace to our democracy ever seen!
Trump hates the truth; The 1st Amendment is the foundation of democracy. Jr lied about Russia until NYT cornered him. #TRUTH
Are you referring to the news organizations that caught you and your son in blatant lies this week? Or Fox which also called you a liar?
good morning criminal @realDonaldTrump - u r going down don - america will CHEER #SCAREDpotus #puppet
Please get help for your mental issues @Rosie
Hmmmm unnamed sources that tell The TRUTH...the only fraud is you...
As liberals preferred media & money over honesty & values since the days of Judas, their (DNA) genetic instruction has stayed true-accurate!
Booohoo.... sob sob sob... HILLARY! waaaaaaaaah....... I see you are awake, giant man baby.
FAMILY OF LYING TRAITORS CAUGHT CAN'T TWEET OUT OF IT #Mueller

Foreign Intel is distorting democracy more bigly.
@CNN @nytimes @MSNBC @washingtonpost
Pathetic attempt at distorting the truth. You are attempting to destroy America and our democracy. We are not fooled by your sleight of hand
What about when you use “people tell me” or what about Jim not going to Paris anymore? Those are unnamed sources and NOBODY believes them.
.
Announcing new presidential replacement nominee: 
.
Ignorant, incompetent & dead...but, at least he will make you laugh.
.
Vote 4 Curly!
.
No u r trying@2 annex our great country 2 Russia! It's only u destroying us! U & ur corrupt admin & family
Don't worry Mr. President, we're not buying what they're selling 
No, you are.
Nope. People in your White House are leaking the truth to SAVE our democracy. #TrumpRussia  #RussianCollusion
I get the distinct impression with all your manic tweeting this morning that you are expecting something HUGE to be revealed very soon!
If anything is distorting democracy in America it's a president who knows nothing about leading; one who has turned his back on our ideals.
DONALD this is the freakin United States of America! You can't buy or LIE your way out of this HOT MESS TRAITOROUS bullshit! We r coming 4 U
 FDP
You are the #FakeNews @DonaldJTrumpJr is a #traitor and soon will be in #prison I hope @FLOTUS leaves you for her boyfriend #trump #maga
I'm curious if you even know what democracy means.
The thing distorting democracy in our country is our #FakePresident
Has been for a very long time.
You're tried to help Putin destroy democracy messing with the election hacking emails so you can get dirt like I say you're Putin's puppet
Then why did you hire a $50K attorney using campaign funds(tsk, tsk) for Jr weeks before the story broke?
And you are trying to destroy the free press because that's what dictators do.

Don't fall for it America. It's your watchdog
Tick, Tock!
I loved that book  Actually, 45 could use a copy to learn some new words and what the meaning of the ones he uses are.
Me too! Phantom Tollbooth was lighter than eg Wolves of Willoughby Chase, Golden Compass. Never too old for YA -- 'How I Live Now' new fave
Dear @FBI. "Ira Held" @held_ira of Houston, TX has made open death threats online against former Presidents Obama and Clinton & their staff.
Looks like he's been making the same threat in multiple threads all morning.  Dear @FBI  -- I think this @held_ira means what he says 
Oh, you mean Faux News, Breitbart, Drudge Report...all the places where you get your fake news from?
Undermining democracy in our country.
You distort democracy you fake president
Distorting Democracy. You are at the heart of that. How about those sanctions on Russia? Not implemented yet?
Wait, I thought you & sons inc were doing that? Cause you know, democacy is when the people instead of OLIGARCHY run things. #fakepresident
FOLLOW @luanprometa @fifthrmonyzer @affection5H @Dopiludida  @inarasilva120 @insecurithings @TainaraKelly6
Please lauren 
You, @realDonaldTrump are the person distorting our democracy. Every. Single. Day. You are a threat to our nation and reputation.
You have that totally right, Pres. , MSM can't control everything and that's why they are having a hissy fit. Keep up holding their feet to the fire. If they can't take the heat of truth requirement, they should get out of the industry that is supposed to be based on truth.
A metaphor meant to reveal that someone who is enticed by illegal Goods is still guilty because he accepts the offer. DJTr tried to acquire.
To bad the fake news is ALL TRUE! Stop lying stop stealing stop bull s*^tting the American people! Get out of the White House !
Barbara please go back to school. It is "too" bad. And it is Too bad you can't respect our elected President.
Donny, annonymous doesn't mean imaginary... #literacy #deleteyouraccountdonald
Go back to school dear. Anonymous is spelled like this and maybe you should remain anonymous until you can spell or at least work autocorrect.  All the bless.
wow!!!! your parents hit the JERKpot!:O)
Sir, as one of "many people", you are wrong about the news.   I look forward to the day we have different leadership.  You are fake POTUS.

With all of trumps phony unmanned spray tan & higly slanted hair line & even sweaty turkey neck people are paying attention to him!
thanks for enlightening us.  Can you please give us some generic tips to help us sort out real news from #fakenews?
Nope! That is #Democracy in action #POTUS45... #getusedtoit and be a #bigboy !
Mueller's favorite song:
Your Son is the source of this supposed fake news Jr seems to lie as much as U Tick Tock Mueller is Coming #Traitors go to Prison #RESIST
You and your cronies are the ones spreading #fakenews. #notmypresident #ImpeachTrump
You do realize, @realDonaldTrump, that historically only dictators, such as Hitler have declared the media enemies of the people.
You ARE #FakeNews. Phony, fraudulent, unnamed sources... you've just described yourself.

What is your relationship with Dmitri Rybolovlev?
You are distorting our democracy!
shut up
It's you that is distorting reality. You lost the popular vote by 3 million, you have been unable to get anything passed. Useless
Are you able to tweet one sentence that doesn't end with an exclamation point?
You are destroying democracy in our country. You were already a joke here long ago, but you've made the USA the laughingstock of the world.
Pot, have you met kettle?
VSTFU!!!!
Hey Dump. Do you still have pen in hand!  Going to be a long wait  
This email ur son Jr shared with the looks real 2 me. U loved it when they went after Hillarys emails. Only criminals hate investigations
Instead of screaming "fake news", how about you tell us how and what should be reported.  #fakepresident
Fake news made you president
As if you care about democracy.
The only thin fraudulent is you!
Said by the man who quotes unnamed sources, makes up fake friends and fraudulently reports on his taxes and is usurping American democracy.
YOU ARE DISTORTING DEMOCRACY IN AMERICA! THE ONLY FAKE NEWS IS Fox News!
Tantrum much, Donnie?
#FakePotus is distorting everything in #USA Our country is great. u & ur crooked cronies r trying to destroy it. 
#MAGA MF

I am so upset at these liberals who want America to become like Europe and have a One Workd Order!  This in itself is treason!
Also, y do u call ur 40yr old son a good boy?Hes a middle aged man.Hes older than Kushner.Try getting advice from people w experience.Try it
Hypocrite!!! Who told you Obama wasn't American?
POTUS please put Obama and Hilliary in jail!! Open a real Russia collusion investigation Uranium 1. Millions from Canada to Clinton's. Hati
You're gaslighting the country w/ the "fake news" claim. The ignorant fall easy for it. The intelligent resist & rise above your bullshit.
10 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 10 people. https://favstar.fm/t/887106289372975109 …
You're gaslighting the country w/ the "fake news" claim. The ignorant fall easy for it. The intelligent resist & rise above your bullshit.
#ImpeachTrumpNow   #MuellerTime !!! #INVESTIGATE #INDICT #INCARCERATE #LiarInChief #Collusion #ObstructionOfJustice #Treason #TheResistance
You & your alt right media are the ONLY fake news in USA. Even FOX is getting a craw full of your lies. Media is NOT going to spew your lies
You are distorting our Democracy Trump. And there is this non fake news
Who's your source for this assessment?  Your butt as usual? We hired you to do a job, not pull BS out of your ass.
The ones who had info on your kid's meeting with the Russians and the emails were frauds? Then why did your kid go on TV and confirm them?
Then stop spewing it! #Problemsolved
Does that include Fox News. They don't believe anymore. It's lie after lie after lie!
Snowflake...
I think fake Presidents hurt it more
Real ones would not cow down but test the water  we need real ones to run as republican against the ones softer than medicated cotton 
While you constantly make clear your opinions of all who aren't your precious Republicans? You SHIT on Democrats every chance you get.
So then...please enlighten me...in what possible way are you promoting our beloved Democracy?
We we all quit watching them,  they will sink! #canthappenfastenough
Netflix and chill?
Says the man famous for saying "People tell me...People are saying...They say..."
You sir are the distortion. You need to grow up and be a leader of this nation, not the winer and chief
You know who likes you........nobody
#Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country! Need some drastic measures. Examples made of the dark operatives.

You literally use phony / unnamed sources each and every time you spew your made up theories. Some say. It's been said. They say. I've heard
You are the distortion DingDong!
Quit watching Fox News
The problem is @realDonaldTrump,  "It's not all "fake news. I'm like you more everyday. You have to learn though.Take the heat w/out heat
I smell Fire...
No you are
no Mr president your policies are distorting democracy
Exactly what Russia wanted to accomplish.
It shocks me that *anyone* buys your lies, distortions & downright *hysteria* about MSM - outlets you longed to cover you a few mos. ago.
Like to see what you would publish if you ran your own news network, but it'd probably fail. Like your university, airline, vodka, marriages
you;re right. please stop tweeting it.
You are distorting and ruining the #integrity of the #WhiteHouse and the #american reputation
I like the presidents real news program.  The anchor is pretty but she lacks the star power The Donald has.
I think these Fake News outlets need to be held accountable for how they continue to deceive (some of) the American people! Is there a way?
Hahahahaha...that's like a criminal complaining about all the crime going on.  #resist #impeachtrump
The only thing that's fake is the promises you've made for your presidency.
YOUR treasonous acts, whinning & lies YOU are DESTROYING our Republic #FakePresident . You should be convicted of treason!
Do something!  Revoke all their passes. Ban media from spreading lies.  Please and thank you.
You continually cite unnamed sources or non-existent facts. U r just an egomaniacal con man.
Go home Trump, you're drunk. And off your meds. And out of your straight jacket.
You mean like claiming you've signed more bills than any other POTUS?
Clue: you haven't
you have the brain of a pea
No, the fake president is distorting democracy.
Yep, they Use "First Amendment Protection" & "Anonymous Sources" to LIE! @CNN=#FakeNews Followed closely by @MSNBC @NBC @ABC @CBS
and ALL the FAKE NEWS is coming from YOU!.

Good entertainers know people get tired of you and tune you out when you don't ever shut up.  #GetTheMessage
Actually beyond distorting!!
What you call "fake news" is actually reality.  People are really taking notice now.
The cruel, cruel irony.
Haha
read @infowars instead
Trump Administration can't tell the truth. Sir I have served with real leaders you sir are not leader.
Now that's a bit of a stretch.
Yawn
Fake government is distorting our country's democracy. Coincidence? I think not. #WHSquatter #FakePOTUS
Your family and campaign associates seem to be very forgetful about their dealings with Russians and only remember when evidence arises.
You remind me of the parents of the students I used to teach.Always said "not my little boy", & this was high school.Sad, sad family
You are so wrong and such a manipulator that it's embarrassing to have you at the top. My garbage collector could do a better job.
You are an expert on Fake
No Donald you are distorting our Democracy!
Fake news is not the problem; fake Pres is.
Hahahahahaa!  No, Donnie-Boy, our #FakePresident & his GOP cronies are "DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country. #YOURBAD
