You want to kill healthcare and raise taxes
The GOP will make things even worse for me.
He was born and raised in the 6th district, and will reside there if elected. You don't even live in the real world, so what's your point?
Handel wins handily!!!!   The 6th loves TRUMP!!!
"Handily?" She won by 4 in a republican stronghold!  The prior result was by 23.2 points!  That district is quickly turning blue.
If it's "quickly turning blue" how can it be a Republican stronghold?  She won it by bigger margin than Trump.
It's been republican for decades (since 1979) but margin of victory has shrunk dramatically.
Ossoff only moved a couple miles out of his district to help his girlfriend finish Law School. You would never do this for a woman you love.
I'll move around the world for my wife, but when you have a President living hundreds of miles away from his,it because the new GOP norm sad
$60 thousand every time you play golf. Tax payers foot the bill but it's your golf course so you get the money we have to support your golf
I doubt Trump pays greens fees at his own courses.  Now with Obama, that's a whole other story.
He don't we do it for him. He still collect $$, their his golf courses.
@Georgia50469118 
PLEASE RETWEET ALL TWEETS REGARDING THIS ELECTION..YOU NEVER KNOW WHO ITLL REACH
#HealthcareBill #FlipThe6th #Georgia #GA06
Donald: please stop spreading misinformation. Be honest for once.
Do not vote for Handel! We have enough idiots in the gov't now. We don't want anymore! We need people who can make changes!
Whoosh. Pants on fire. 
Pay your bills.
I hope he stops your death panels.
#NoOnKarenHandel Handel is a bigoted, underhanded, lying, and unprincipled candidate who does NOT represent the majority of Georgians.
You want hurt 23 million Americans with trumpcare so what's your point?
Who's the one who celebrated the "mean" health care bill in the Rose Garden, again?  #Osoff wants health care for all.
Mr. Trump before they throw you out of office will you please just keep one promise
Isn't that what you're doing?

WHAT! WHAT HAPPENS TUESDAY?!!!? God help us if we ever actually need Trump to finish a sentence.
@LouAnnRoberts4 Georgia is sending Karen Handel to help you Maga America loves president Trump
What u r doing to the poor? Uh YES! U say lower taxes but u raise it on those who can least afford it & your taking away healthcare SECRETLY
WTF? Isn't that what you're doing???
Trumpcare is less popular than you but both trail a scorpion bite on the eyeball by at least 7 points.
He want to kill YOUR "healthcare" a redistribution of wealth back to the rich
Gross
Trumps healthcare wont pay nothing for the old and the sick. So i guess we die
RESIGN
No! You and the GOP legislators who grovel before you (pledging their undying loyalty) are killing healthcare all by yourselves.
"She doesn't even go here!"
The only one wanting to "kill healthcare" for 23,000,000 Americans, is our Cheeto-in-Chief.
Big deal! You're in Putins pocket and you don't live in Russia!
And half the time you don't live at the White House!
Katherine Handel's *Not Even From Georgia* never mind the district!
LIES..ALL...LIES...I DON'T BELIEVE A WORD YOU SAY...SAD
No, no Great Trumpkin, YOU'RE trying to kill healthcare. Get your talking points straight Comerade Drumpfkoff.
You and the #GOP are the killers when it comes to Americans Healthcare. #meanbill #AHCA
Handel isn't even from Georgia. Your healthcare bill will throw 23 million people off of insurance. Stop lying. #GETOFFTWITTER #GETTOWORK
Taxes are a scam to fund socialist agendas!
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel....
But grew up there & knows the place well.

It was actually some of his lies.  I don't think there is time or newspaper space enough for ALl his lies.
All you want to do is lower taxes for the wealthy. Try working hard every day for little while rich get tax breaks. Disgusting
The AHCA will kill healthcare. Hypocrite.
I see d results of those certain nat. Dems whom stole my @advocatehealth courtputting d Exodus 20:7 #sin against GOD/my good/holy names
Oh my- can't all the dumb Dems- that would be all of them- go to Russia to live?
HEY- YOU LOST YOUR ORANGE GLOW! No time 4 the spray or bottle TAN? So-sorry..at least U LOOK human now! Start acting it!
U PROMISED to make HC CHEAPER & BETTER!! Whats this CRAP U& your CRONIES are trying to SHOVE UP OUR PATOOTS???
YOUR COMMENTS AGAINST COMEY & MUELLER are falling on deaf ears! WE DO NOT BELIEVE YOU, mr trump! But its ok. U WON. CAN LIE
이상함
He doesn't need to kill healthcare.  You and your minions are already doing that all on your own.  The level of your denial is unparalleled.
And you're not destroying healthcare?
Hey should we vote melania out, since she doesn't live with your bitchass? She's dreaming about Obama huh? Hurts your heart!  So sad
We're her Mr President. Stay strong.
odd....you want to do the same thing for everyone but the rich
I hope they do kill it before u kill me
ur funny
Lies.
Your own mother wasn't from here either. You are a "birther" baby yourself so be quiet and move back to Scotland psychopath.
You are the one killing health care sjr
Plenty of reps don't live in their districts. @MimiWaltersCA
Want to win the  Of all Americans Fix our health care why do we give free care to methadone addiction but not pay for cancer
A lot of people die everyday from lung cancer from smoking  alcohol abuse pain pills over weight no free help all are  addictions

No you're the one killing health care for Millions. You don't care because it won't affect you and your family
So what?  Trump represents Russia, and he doesn't live in Russia!!
Kill healthcare? What healthcare? America has the worst one. America is so far away from first world as it never was before. Go Orange (y)
but when did your wife move into the white house, and how much did that cost the tax payers?????
That 100 year old canal is doing great!  Frederick Douglass & Andrew Jackson getting so famous!
...because he lives in Washington where he works. asswipe.
Kill healthcare?  Is he a Senate Republican?
Kinda like nasty mouth ole Maxine who has millions (how come, we don't know??) & doesnt live in district she reps! Shame on her  2 faceless!
Medicare HMO's skimming healthy patients and getting paid to take care of sick ones. Bankrupting the Medicare Trust.
Unlimited liability for doctors and providers cannot equal limited costs. Liability reform essential to control cost of medical care.
Everyone who presents to a hospital is treated regardless of ability to pay. Everyone should chip in as everyone covered.
@realDonaldTrump  no worse then you
Bruh you wanna ruin taxes and kill healthcare. At least she didn't need Russians to win
Uh!! No that's what u want to do
I think you're confused again Duh.. that's you killing health care & poor people!
REPEAL government involved healthcare!
@POTUS @jk_rowling @RoguePOTUStaff @Rosie @GeorgeTakei  @Alyssa_Milano @POTUS44 @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @DebraMessing
He has explained why, jerk.
Has any other president got involved this deeply in local elections? Don't you have matters of national importance to attend to?
Wants to kill health care? Peas in a pod, you two
If the liberal democrats had another brain it would die of loneliness
Exactly but liberals will try to justify this the same way they think foreigners have a right to immigrate to US.
No, you want to kill healthcare
YOU & your GOP pals want to kill healthcare! So they can get back the coverage they had before #ACA. Now stop misleading the weak minded!
shut up!!!!
That sounds exactly like you!!!!
What is the health care bill is there pre existing coverage.
Mein freur you never cease to amaze me lol
Why would anyone vote for a person who says they dont support a living wage? We've got enough idiots in congress we don't need more.
Good job boss we just keep winning
And you were never a Republican
?
You killed health care with your cuts. 70% of this year's rate increases are attributed to actions taken by you since taking office.
No, you want to kill healthcare. Not even a childish insult, you have no workable health care plan that you're sharing with the public
Should I live in the reality of where I was elected, and my policies effect? My mind is much safer for me, where only I am always #WINNING.
Please keep fighting for us we're here for you don't leave us the way the rest of the Congress and the government has left us
I thought you killed health care.
Obamacare  is only need to repeal  do not  get rid in order to win second. Term
LOL  stupid libcommie!
Liar
Great victory by Handel in Georgia! Dems are big losers once again! They just don't get it, no one wants them!
Beating the liberals is just too easy...what a bunch of left wing losers in Wash DC
Liar
Another lie!!
Is health care in our constitution? NO!! You promised to get rid of Obamacare, not change it.
Yawn
No one is killing healthcare except you so that you can continue with tax cuts for all the people and countries you owe money to
