who dat???

Why? Arrogance. Galloping hubris. Delusions that HRC "had WH in bag". It was prob SETH RICH who was ultimately MURDERED.
another typo Donald? What's the tweet you deleted?
Nice try. You know the Russians did it...you can run but you can't hide. Scared yet?
well if a 14 year old teenage with a temper tantrum can become president then anything can happen
So what cabinet position are you giving Assange, since you clearly value his word over our own intelligence agencies'?

Dems never have questioned the authenticity of what was leaked. Who cares who hacked
STATE OF GEORGIA HACKED BY US Dept of Homeland Security!! Media blackout!
you could tell the Brits and Swedes not to go after Assange? Then could pardon Snowden while your at it? Just an idea.
So apparently @realDonaldTrump trusts Assange more than the CIA, FBI, NSA, etc.  #PopularVoteLoser #unAmerican
Child rapist stick together I guess
so let's believe a rapist instead of US Intelligence agencies. Forgot again, U don't do intelligence.
Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
when you make this the 1st thing you say/post to America, you show us just how unprepared you are to lead. Be Presidential.
be careful trusting what Assange says. This guy is no good. Main thing The left didn't deny emails
maybe instead of using Fox News as an intel source you actually use the IC? I mean, idk tho. I'm not a doctor.
Does that make it right to hack him?
what is with you and underage kids?
finally a real smart US President. Thank you PEOTUS, you give us hope!
You are russia's puppet


She's creepy.
REALLY?. Creepy than the guy kissing Putin's bare ass?
As Reagan said regarding Gorbachev "We can be friendly & not be friends."  Good advice #maga
That's assuming that either of them were actually mentally competent, something we know is not true.
Really?  That's absurd and you know it. Reagan best POTUS ever....until 1/20/17
Why are you undermining and discrediting the US intelligence community?
Minority prez elect. Bc Hannity is meeting Assange you r quoting him. Stop hiding behind your tweets. U screwed up.No Intel
I suppose that a serial liar like yourself would believe another serial liar! Stop showing your utter stupidity!
Your shower-buddy has been deemed a terrorist by US intelligence agencies. He's a child rapist, hiding in a foreign embassy
you are believing this criminal?
the incompetence in the entire Democratic Party is astounding
A 14 year old didn't. Russians did. You know it. I know it. We all know it. Big league hacking.
do you have any proof?
Please tell us that this is not the additional information you claim no one else knows.
LIbtards @SenJohnMcCain>senile since he lost to Obama and Snake @SpeakerRyan need to be Replaced>Trump is my Pres @Reince
how does this help to unite the country?
"Not my POTUS"-@seanhannity
& They think Liberals are being"offensive"think again
won't talk about his many conflicts of interest, but don't worry — Here's the receipts.
Because Russian didn't give Assange the info doesn't mean it wasn't Russia who was behind the hackings.
Hope you're sitting down when everything unfolds.
Was Charles Manson removed from prison and hospitalized as a ploy so you could appoint to your cabinet?
Charles Manson=right temperment but wrong look for cabinet. But he'll probably play the inauguration! @JeffreyGuterman @realDonaldTrump
Depends on appointment?
I rethought this. Once Bannon has a swastika tattooed on everyone's forehead, Manson will fit right in. @JeffreyGuterman @realDonaldTrump
He's also hiding out in an Ecuadorian embassy from rape charges so maybe he's not the finest witness?
unsubstantiated rape charges*
-because you are accused, not guilty! Accused by CLINTON CRIME MAFIA, liars!!!
HAHAHA .... Jesus said men who lean to the left are fools ... you don't know crap about Jesus.
Some 14-year-olds are smarter than millions of ‘grown-ups’ able to vote.
nobody cares about your pathetic socialist/communist agenda. Give up.
Then why do they have 10,000 followers and you have 120? Because you're deplorable at math, too?
Mr. Trump, I voted for you but you VERY MUCH need 2 learn 2 control your "tweets."  Your comments make you sound ridiculous
Seriously. 

Learn self-control.
I have a little of that, just not a fan of "control" by big government :).
I was talking to our president elect. :)
.@realDonaldTrump you may be the president-elect, but the way you have attacked the US intelligence community fundamentally un-American
so was the intelligence community right about WMD's in Iraq?They always non-partisan & have a perfect record?
also the bush administration, also republicans, lied about the intelligence re wmd
so you admit that intel agencies are controlled by the presidents admin & r not non-partisan
I admitted that a republican prez lied about the intel; not that the intel was wrong
and now you have a president who thinks it's more important to believe assange than intel
in fact derides intel agency and says he has own sources
if you don't find that disturbing you are very naive
Five X's in one tweet this morning! I'll have bingo before noon.

Typo was for spelling Assange wrong earlier. No cheating!
may I nick this?  I kind-of already have and I credited you 
Siding against US intelligence again. Weird how your opinions on espionage change? It's almost as if you're full of shit? @realDonaldTrump
@Demygodless Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain (or tweets) When trump tweets there is something else going on.
Donald throws tantrum over losing popular vote http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/313149/donald-trump-twitter-losing-popular-vote/ …
<---Tweet isn't about the popular vote. Popular vote & $2 will buy you a cup of coffee. Not presidency.
Tinfoil hats on people, we got us a conspiracy over here, hyuck!
<--- All the tin foil hats are on the Left looking for Russian hack evidence @RealPlatos_cave
Can you help me fill in my deplorable bingo card and call ma snowflake and a cuck..thanks.
No, I joined twitter for comedy, and you trumplethinskins provide it in spades, lol.
.@realDonaldTrump hey remember that time in 2010 when you called Wikileaks 'disgraceful' and demanded the death penalty for Assange?
Have you ever known anyone who can talk out of both sides of his mouth like Agent Orange does?
So you’re getting your intelligence briefings from Julian Assange. Right-O Donald.
You loved Assange in 2008 when he released hacked info on the Bush administration now you hate him? Why?
becauseI know where pizzagate came form
John Podestas emails.
No LOL not even close
read the emails from @wikileaks lots of Pizza and Hotdog talk going on.
the Pizzagate was invented in my country to see how many  people would think it was real
you didn't read the emails did you?  Pizzagate hasn't been investigated yet.
the us senate is not happy with you! throw away your conspiracy theories and step up!
we all know you are in bed with Russia. How can you go against your own country the United States of America ??
but they hacked the RNC also. Just waiting for the right time to release what they found, should be very interesting
Remember you are calling the shots and the others are worried so just keep doing your thing, we love America.
Putin America First, as always.
Quoting a fugitive is conduct unbecoming of a President-elect. Think before you tweet.
.@realDonaldTrump Which would still have been someone more mentally advanced than you. And knew what they were doing.
assage also leaked the actual spam podesta or pedo opened is in the wikileaks files and theres ur proof
You've got a big job to do to salvage America from its pits of Gov & corporate corruption. Wiki leaks is beacon on morals
dems and the dnc could not be more sore losers and cry about it. They need to respect the next US president!
they are setting a bad example for the world and making us look bad... if they're so worried, they should be helping out!
not disrespecting and crying and looking for ways the election went wrong... grow us people get over it, move on, and help!
so another words a fourteen-year-old can do something you can't? I bet that happens a lot to you
@NBCNews You really seem to like Julian Assange, who's fleeing prosecution for sexual assault. Pu**y Grabbers United, huh?
Whether you believe it or not, tweeting against your own country's patriots is unpatriotic, unAmerican & #unpresidential.
You are not going to sleep until you squash the Russian thing r u? It's petty & beneath the oval office.Stop pontificating.
Why are you listening to a wanted criminal?

... are you his father? Or is Assange the father? The American people want to know!
Shut up, just Shut up! U R trying 2 deflect NEthing Btween U & Putin. It Annoys us Who voted 4 Popular Vote Winner Hillary!
Now Julian Assange has credibility?
"Americans can spot election meddling because they've been doing it for years" Owen Jones. The Guardian US elections 2016
I concur your Excellency .
The DNC cant prove who hacked. Hard to believe intelligence agencies after Iraq WMDs failures. Pin tail on donkey
Saw Hannity's two part interview with Assange. Right on. I suggested pasifiers for liberals might help.
Was that the same 14 year old that you were accused of raping or the one he raped?
the president elect siding with an alleged rapist over United States Intel community! Making America great again? JOKE!!!!!
Wasn't it the same intelligence community that claimed without a doubt that Saddam Hussein had WMDs?
Last year you wanted the DEATH PENALTY for Assange! Today he's a hero. How 'bout some consistency @realDonaldTrump?!
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
consistency? you're kidding right?
sure Mr Trump the RUSSIA PUTIN are here , they are running the WH.
@realtruthkings @RealAlexJones @aspiesmom @TweetingAutism YES HE DID @MADE__USA @transhumanistic @ARTIFICIALINTE @slealey53
did a 14 year old hack your twitter too? Please say yes.
yes what ever julian says hes mr .right and you are a fool following a fool
.@realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump so what' you are saying is you believe Assange over all the intelligence available?  BTW why are you talking to him?
Julien Assange is a known hacker. Smart or not, when we praise him, we praise crime. Please sir, strength!
is this the same 14 year old you assaulted?
Will people who speak against you start to disappear if you take office? LIAR LIAR LIAR
really? Julian Assange? Isn't he a criminal housing in a foreign embassy? What's wrong with you?
.@realDonaldTrump Mr. President-elect, please read this, I think it is valuable information that you require. Together, we can MAGA!
OK for Dems to reveal dirt on Trump, even lie about it, but not OK for whistle blowers to reveal dirt on them. Evil people!
is it the same 14 year old who writes these tweets? @AP @FoxNews @nytimes @washingtonpost #Trump #RussianHackers
.@realDonaldTrump Really?
the DNC is full of morons, that's why
listening to crimmal...nice
Julian Assange is a hostile foreign actor. Do not take his word for ANYTHING!
I could not agree more with the President elect.  Digital security is our weakest point when it comes to national security.
why are you so careless #treasonouscarrot ?
Your trust in Assange is suspicious.  You put faith in an accused sex offender you should know better!
...and you believe him? How naive & pathetic can you be? BTW, you might want to listen the intel. You don't know everything
Josh Earnest wants to know who are we going to believe. All I have to say is surely not Obama & his intelligence people who lied to us b4
Ok is
Unbelievable.  Password1? The only focus should be on the email content and not the source! The source of the issue is the senders of the emails
Nice, Russians always against the world shiters, they should have the world security agencies like FBI, and no EU
FUCK ASSANGE is he an American citizen? nope did not think so next
So you believe this criminal before your own intelligence agencies. You just don't get it, do you?
let's quote Julian and discount the CIA and FBI.  Attaboy
u must go after Soros to end this shit
14year old? Someone with an intellect you can only dream of. Illiterate 12 year old has to have heroes.
You believe crooked Assange over 17 Intelligence Agencies of the United States of America? #CommunistTrump #BenedictDonald
since you don't believe in US intelligence, maybe you shouldn't be president.
Damn president Trump is going to shake them dumb investigators hard. go Trump
Yeah because Julian Assange is such a reliable character.
...and a 14 year old is smarter then you
Hannity showed all the Cyber breaches tonight during Obama admin, most incredible, you have to fix or bad trouble, #DTS
American 4 Americans.  Assange not American.  Why believe him when he contributes to disrupt America?
in 2010: WikiLeaks 'disgraceful,' there 'should be like death penalty or something' your own comments!!!
@ShellyLeigh123 I think A liberal from Hillary team did the hacking
"Russians did not give him the info!" - It sounds like you know who did.....
well, this didn't age well.  George Papadopoulos has admitted that the Russians contacted you in March 2016, offering the Clinton emails.
guess that makes it ok right? Gee your honor, the bank vault was wide open, surely I can't be blamed for taking anything.
both of you, love 14 year olds.... molesters
Hillary set the example for DNC no email security
"That slut deserved to be raped - why was she wearing a short skirt?!"
Why blame the victim? And why align yourself with Assange, as alleged rapists?
It's time for you to resign. Your inhumanity and selfishness, in addition to your incompetence, knows no bounds. Go now!
You are a traitor to believe a hacker before our brave American intelligence heros
stop lying in favour of #huilo, how can assange know that info source isn't russian?only if he got some money from russia.
The Direct delivery is besides the point-like saying we shouldn't have gone after bin laden because he wasn't on the planes
.@realDonaldTrump Release your tax returns.
my kid sd teach didn't assign any homework. Do I believe the kid cuz she sd so? No. I check w/teach. Usually, there's hw.
So was it Cambridge Amalytica or @jaredkushner ???
Assange knows lots about 14yr olds since he's avoiding trial for pedophilia. U trusting a criminal says a lot about U.
Assange is a TRAITOR  AND a Russian Sycophant and SO ARE YOU.
#TreasonTrump
hey dummy, who cares about who gave him the info. Who gave the info to those who gave it to WikiLeaks?
Old IT industry term: PEBKAS Problem Exists Between Keyboard & Seat- moron Podesta aka UnconvictedPedophile

Are there still idiots believing our corrupt government and Obama? Now trying to start a war with Russia to stay in power.
You'll believe him over dedicated public servants? People that have pledged their lives to our country? Good grief.
Oh, it's Thursday. Weren't U supposed to give press on this? Tuesday or Wednesday, I recall. #Noleader
isn't that the age of the girl he raped too?
Seriously, you believe Russia and Assange over your own USA? You are the careless reckless one. Your opinions seem inept
What network security certifications do you have? You are one dumb mother fucker.
Adolph;...did you know you're a LIAR,...that LIES to >YOU?<

What is Obama's end game pushing all this disinformation about Russia? Deal with him harshly. #EnoughIsEnough
Americans care more about what our intelligence agencies say than what Assange says.
What the hell are you thinking? You disgust me.
yeah I guess they should be more like you, cover up everything like your relationship with Puttin, u should be "smarter"
Well hey, if anybody knows 14-year-olds, it's Julian Assange, right? wink wink.
@KellyannePolls This whole Russian hacking thing is the MSM trying to control the dialog & delegitimize Trump winning!
You lie again orange sex predator.  The Russians naturally used a go between ( or several) in getting material to Assange
Trump trusts Assange over American patriots. Providing aid and comfort to our enemies? Disgraceful. #notmypresident #nmp
@NewportLost Don't even bother trying to make sense to senseless people, just go about making America great again!!
the RNC was hacked too. They didn't publish the info because they wanted you to win. Why is that?
It's funny how he's willing to believe Anybody Putin, Assange, if suits him
But CIA, CBO, FBI Obama are liars 
This sucks
YOu will never be the legitimate POTUS, ever, Russia helped you get 3 million LESS votes than Clinton, you & USA losers SAD
the rapist meets the rapist
has meeting with polar bear and penguin to discuss climate change hoax. polar bear to address nation and claim china respon
Was anyone in your campaign involved with or aware of the DNC hack before the general public knew about it?
Bring Assange home!!!
the dishonest president blames victims for the crime. Remember his son's sexual harassment quote. #dishonestpresident
Well. If Julian said it, it must be true. He is so honest. How is his rape thing going?
The word of Julian Assange is of course far more important than the word of the US Intelligence, Not!
You go D-Tru! Keep it 100!
Time to Isolate Trump to his supporters.

Sign/RT #AggregateDemocracy
Hillary gave them the info from her server!
#Freejulian #freesnowden
last time establishment republicans like McCain and Dems agreed on anything was WMD!  Establishment shaking in boots #MAGA
The American public support for u is weaning.
