This is a bipartisan issue focus on this more then your Golf
Shut up and get out of my county.
You don't act like a POTUS. Why even mention this? You are thin skinned. Your bruised ego is showing. You fight like a 12 yr old bully. Sad.
#gross #NaziTrump #FireHannity #FireGorka #FireMiller #FireBannon #FireTrump #ImpeachTrump #Loser45 #LockThemAllUp
SHUT UP FAILURE!!!!
You only attack the African American CEO from Merck & not other Caucasian CEOs that quit! Your actions speak more than words! #TrumpRacism

there are many sides to this story.
I see they unzipped your mouth and let you out of your box again!
Yes shake those pharma companies !!!
You're doing you're Putin job very nicely. Ruining America and the rest of the world hates you, but feels pity for the people whose...
...lives are being ruined daily because of you!
Deuteronomy 31:6
Be strong and of good courage, do not #fear nor be afraid of them; for the #Lord your #God, He is [1/2]
how about prayers for the woman who was murdered by a domestic terrorist instead of a president too cowardly to call them out until too late
They kill babies and children with their VACCINES.  FACT

Healthy move
My husband left a job as chemist 30 years to join navy. Came back and was offered same job for same pay 20 years later
STFU.
My thought exactly!

You're just mad because he called you on being a racist.
The pharmaceutical industry is taking advantage of the U.S. taxpayer.

We fund them, why don't they put our interests first? #MAGA
We make it possible for them to do research & create medicines with government grants and what do they do in return? They rip us off. Sad!
so you have decided to attack the company since The CEO stepped down because you wouldn't denounce  white supremacy?
This Sicko is one of your biggest supporters.
You have bred the violence that is now appearing.  Blood is on your hands Mr. President
The Merck CEO step down because he has a moral conscious. The fact that you are attacking him shows that you are against his morals
The next person who should resign from your administration is YOU!!!!

They are also a leader in giving free drugs to people who can't afford them. I'm one of them.
How do you tell 830 lies in just 6 months? How do people defend that? 
 @realDonaldTrump

funny how you condemn the blk man immediately, yet it take u 3 days to condemn your racist base. Please resign....
Funny, you never had a prob. with him "before" he chose to get away from you .... 
You're a fine one to talk!!
3 Years, 5 Months, 5 Days, 18 Hours, 50 Minutes, and 51 Seconds
Until my SECOND term!
Are you ready to rumble!!!!
Take a step back & realize you need to attack the White Supremacy issue head on - not via a telepromted speech
Your address today was not sincere! You read off a teleprompter after General Kelly told you you had to do so.
If you really care about America, you will do like this man and address ambiguoity these Nazis have
Fact is, the Nazis love you. Your base is made up of Nazis and you know you will lose votes by attacking Nazis!
Remind me again.. How many KKK members are there in America?
So that's like what, 5 maybe 6 thousand?
How about YOU bring jobs back.  ALL your manufacturing is over seas and unlike @Merck, you dont save lives.
You're a child.
It's about time. The cost of meds is hurting all Americans 
Butt. Hurt.
And where are your daughter's shoes made??? Not in America!! SAD
Birther in Chief is a sad horrible vindictive sicko.
"If you question my tremendous racist agenda (white power is great, so great) I will Tweet about you! With both thumbs!" - DJT, probably
You are quicker to denounce Ken Frazier than Nazis. Kind of sad.
Kind of?  It's really sad
High cost of prescription drugs affect more Americans than crazy fringe members of society.
And trump is doing what about this exactly?
It's my understanding that this guy was on Trump's council to come up with solutions for the high cost of prescription medicines. He quit.
Except 45 called him a business genius very recently. 45's pissed off at him now, like a pre-schooler. THAT'S THE POINT.
Well he seemed to like Trump too. I just think it's crazy that we're letting a few crazy people who behave badly create a fake crisis.
You attacked the CEO of Merck for standing up to you before you attacked and condemned white supremacy.
Merck CEO spoke words you should agree with: America’s leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of bigotry.
Trump has dedicated more tweets to shaming Merck CEO than he has condemning white supremacy and Putin.
Trump is retaliating against a businesses because its CEO had the courage to stand up against white supremacy & question Trump's leadership
Trump's latest tweet is petty, vindictive, and unethical. Lesson: Express dissent, expect retaliation. This is unamerican!
At this point, Trump attacks are an endorsement to the rest of us.
Reschedule cannibis ..#freegodsplant
Ahem... the FDA report to The United States Department of Health and Human Services. AKA you @potus
Your proposed lower tax rates for corporations guarantee they can stay out of America AND reap HUGE PROFITS. Lower only for mainland based
Yo

.@realDonaldTrump said one year ago that price-hiking drug companies were “getting away with murder.” Now, he’s nominated Alex Azar, a drug company executive with a history of raising prescription drug prices, to lead …
So why doesn't gov step in and control what pharma can charge?  DR fees controlled by Medicare. Nobody controls drug companies.
And stop poisoning our children
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring j...
This tweet on gardasil site...WHY hasn't gov BANNED this vaccine!!!!  It's dangerous. And useless.  Biggest scam EVER!!!!!
Pot calling the kettle black on jobs and prices, but the theory is correct
Ok pres fix that problem
Hey, can you stop pushing and delaying this further? If you can bring pharma prices down i'm sure your approval rating will skyrocket. . #drugspeech #PrescriptionDrugs #BigPharmaJobs #polls #Political #PoliticsToday #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare
Have you done anything with this or was this a gold toilet rant.
This is just way gluttonous CEO's try to distract under guise of being the martyr nice guy. They don't care about the people, just profits!
Or... better yet... CONTROL THEIR PRICES!!!  Government control of drug prices.  I'm tired of going to Canada for rx's!!!!!
Merck: announces pioneering new drug to treat cancer

Donald Trump: plays lots of golf, won't condemn Nazis
Kudos to Merck CEO Ken Fraiser for resigning from Trumps commission.
Glad he's gone, we want only true supporters who love the country + loves Trump, He is neither!
He was on a business council not Trump's fan club.

So. Freaking. Stupid.
@POTUS @GOP @SenateDems @CNN @AP @ABC @FoxNews But it was OK as long as they were on UR council huh? U attack him but not KKK/Nazi's. Why?
You are the height of hypocrisy. Bring your junk home to be manufacturing here and not by your good friends in China. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Call out all pharm cos for drug prices. Reg how high they can make prices, allow govt to negotiate prices, & allow importation from Canada.
Why weren't you saying this before he left your council?
https://practicalpoliticking.com/2017/07/03/americas-healthcare-conundrum/amp/ …
What about you and your family doing what you advocate
What is public Law 10-2571? Drug companies paid Obama 4.5 million$ for Law 10-2571

My chemotherapy drugs cost over $25,000.00 per month..
3. You leave us wondering where you stand. With white supremacists or with true Americans? US has always been diverse. Nazi way is supremacy
Won't happen as you fight to dismantle HC. Why act like you care if any of the 99% live anyways? Action prove otherwise.
Why would this only bother you and be an issue AFTER their CEO quit your council?
Don't talk about other businesses taking jobs from the US. All your products are made over seas. You are a liar and a hypocrite.
Hopefully Merck employees will consider taking you to court in a free country where you have to prove these repeated allegations Don!
Donnie....its over buddy.
Good old Donald yelling at the black guy.
If u only had that speedy courage to denounce #NeoNazis #KKK N H8FULL #Bigots and #racists in ur base, but we know u love them
So, republicans fix it!  Don't all of you have enough money?  Your party has control of all 3 branches, GET IT DONE  Stop talking and do it
So do something about it. Have a plan to fix our healthcare and bring down prices for drugs and services. We pay more than any other nation
So when are you Mr Trump going to bring your company jobs back to the US?
Drug Companies are pricing seniors out of their meds , must choose between roof & food or Doctor & Medications?? #sad #greed
Shame on this President...sad!
How shallow of the CEO's. They quit instead of staying and being heard
Does gu type to t
When are you bringing your manufacturing to the US?
Still waiting for you to do something
I agree!
No diss for Intel and Under Armour CEOs dumping your manufacturing sandbox? Oh, that's right - they're the "right color".
The money's not in the cure, Trump. Twist their arms for fuc%#$g our sick.
Don't get salty because he bailed on your little club
This tweet is so damn childish!!!
And you're still wrong opposing civil and human rights for those who are not white.
You can fool some of the people all of the time & all the people some of the time, but you can not fool all the people all of the time!
You now fool very few people. Personal attacks on individuals who disagree with you disgrace the nation & the presidency! Shame on you!
Why didn't lotus think about Merk CEO before he asked him to sit on the council?
Lies, they're actually one of the lowest In purpose!
Quit flapping your gums and force them to lower their prices. Regulate you dufus!
Worst Pissident Ever.
I can not argue w the higher prices part but trying to mitigate/mediate this on Twitter is not appropriate, once again.
good for him. Working for U is toxic for the reputation.Not everyone is willing to lie for you.
Whiney baby president. Be a leader. Aw forget it. You're not capable of that.
Then why did you name Merck's CEO to your manufacturing council? Please explain. Would be a great topic to address at a press conference.
Obama forced change of propellent for asthma inhaler, raised the price from $5 to $45. New patent for change. Sheesh.
Truly unfortunate that your knowledge of issues is overshadowed by your need to be vindictive. Real progress will come when you can let go.
BIG PHARMA ARE A MONOPOLY. TIME TO BREAK THE MONOPOLY. HAVE THE GOVERNMENT NEGOTIATE PRICES LIKE A FREE MARKET. PHARMA RIPPING OFF TAXPAYERS
Bring those ties back anytime. Mfg in New Hampshire.
You're a vindictive mean man - you expect people to #loyalup but if people challenge you, you are not #loyaldown. You are petty and small!
So it's only an issue when it affects u personally is what you're saying. Gotcha- saw nothing like this before they rightfully embarrassed u
See how fast you react to people you dont agree with?Any Decent Person would've done same after White Supremacist Base terrorism attack!
@realDonaldTrump ok, so do it. You've identified a problem so now fix it! You won't because you're not capable. #worstPOTUSever
Boohoo you got your feelings hurt.
Mr president your remarks demonstrate your developmental areested development of an adolescence.  Your inability to accept criticismis proof
You were supposed to be working on all pharma pricing your hold out on white supremacy is killing this country shame
@realDonaldTrump True. Force them to release CURES instead of TREATMENTS! I know the Left will call it treason, though
Not to mention that they are a leader in the opiod crisis
No president of the United States can revive Hitler
Hello? Universal single payer is the answer. Do you have the strength & courage to bring the US forward?
We stand for president Trump we also believe God has given the world a man who cares not only for the USA but also the entire world.
COWARD!
Where's your daughter manufacturing his dress I us or China? Stop lying
trump wins top honors from the killer kkk
US jobs like the ones which make your products and your daughter's stolen designs? Only if the US is now in China. MAGA-resign.
Just replace the CEOs who left with other CEOs and do it quickly
and how many of your products Don and daughters are made in USA? None that's how many, hypocrite!
Start with your companies & Ivanka's , we can manufacture here
The GOP must act or the party will be forever fascist to us. I am sick
Why no tweets and bullying for the 2 white CEO'S. Are you SCARED more will leave due to bullying or your incompetent leadership. Do tell
You work with Congress, on behalf of the American people, to help lower drug costs. Maybe look into some of the Democrats proposals on this?

You attacked the CEO of Merck for standing up to you before you attacked and condemned white supremacy.
You just don't get it, do you?
Wow. President attacking specific corporation out of spite? Impeachment.
Don't  you know corps won't voluntarily lower prices unless forced to. All other major countries reg prices & they pay a fraction what we do
Interesting this wasn't an issue until he called out racism. . .
You bigotry is showing.
Schoolyard bully. Doesn't get his way so he's pouting!
Once again you have shown how quick you are to attack minorities but the supremacist groups get a 3 to 4 day grace period.
Make pharma pay for health insurance- problem solved
And apparently White Supremacy!
I guess he wuit because he doesn't care about the real problem high prices and American jobs
But when he was on your council all of that was okay, right? 
Omg. How badly you suck. He quits due to your sucking and all you do is tweet attacks. Grow a pair Donny, or did they get cut off?
@Merck wasn't an issue before when they were ur buddies now they separate themselves from you & horrible company right? Bruised ego much?
My first thought was they wouldn't be able to continue practises if they have to deal honestly with you! #MAGA
Something just doesn't seem right about punishing people who are already down can anything be done to fix it we don't tst elected officials
Im not telling you how to do your job just telling you what i see down here watching the public and lived like in my 20s its discouraging
I was always the hardest worker at the wrong places because those places didn't test then i got my cdl and finally got on track
And thats just me my friend had a roommate start smoking crack because he could pass a test faster than weed that's insane to me not to him
You jumped to bully & attack Merck CEO but not the white CEO's who left. You attack a man for his convictions but not alt right for theirs.
Says the guy that charges thousands to stay in his hotel.
Always looking out for American people!
Why don't YOU bring TRUMP products to the US? Hypocrite.
Donald is scum as are those who support
Why should a GERMAN Pharma leader should bring more jobs to US If U start US First they start Germany first, Made in Germany is Quality!
Big donnie wins again.
You tout #pure #allegiance and #dedication to the #USconstitution all  the while #shatting upon it's #values and #principles. #SAD #StepDown
Fire that CEO he's anti American!
Denunziant 
shame on you
pretending to go after big pharma to avoid addressing his stance on domestic terrorism known as White Supremacy mainly the KKK.
I have a Merck card in which they pay 75% of my eye drops for glaucoma. Thank you @Merck
Pharma is the leader of our current opioid epidemic. You're Merck man quit after you signed the bill for emergency. HELLO? Anybody home?
I say forget Merck, check out @DelcathSystems if you want the top tier in liver cancer treatment and innovation
