Yes, he's your kinda guy all right: Fascism Forever. But of course, YOU didn't pick him, Putzie. We all know it was Bannon.
#so proud
He is a bigot, like you.
The KKK is a scourge to free loving American.
Yes! Ruth Bader Ginsburg needs retired she doesn't comprehend well anymore & 2 obamas appointees need background cks
good job
@POTUS Hey Don!  Hope you like the political spanking the AG just gave you? We're anxiously awaiting your twitter tantrum!
yes
I think that he is a great choice!
@LiveLongLed We the American People love him!! And his Morals that The American people stand for!! MAGA
what about your chin
Serious. That's all you have?
We shall see ! @SenatorSessions is a Gem. @jd_Constitution @SheriffClarke @TerryLambert201 @GovAbbott
@HalfFull0 Awesome pick.  Promise kept.
@dhotle DAVID, appreciate your follow!
just because u say something does not make it true.
how long have u worked with him to know he is brilliant? Oh I know how, he didn't confront u, thus, good person.
The sooner we get Gorsuch on the bench, the better.
I'm very Happy!
No he isn't. He's respected by very few and is a total fascist wankpot just like you and that drunk Bannon.
Rigth...the judge created a "Fascist Forever" organization in his youth...and now your pick? Does NOT surprise me..
God has chosen YOU to save this nation! Odds were stacked against you, by the "DEVILS"God has plans...Jeremiah 29:11
@kozmo1963 We do... And God does. He is putting real shepherd leaders in place.
this is the first I've ever heard of him, but I have certainly heard well of him.
I do not like your nomination, @realDonaldTrump. Stop being so needy, you daft demented racist.
Love him!  Brilliant conserverative!  Nice and young! He'll be on the bench for DECADES!
#SCOTUS 
#AmericaFirst
I'm back from the grave!
great Pick Mr President,Great Job,your loyal supporter
how do you think obamage and clinton did it and now we the people are just now finding out the mess they left us
.@realDonaldTrump I don’t know much about him but will def investigate. I trust ur judgment tho based off your other campaign promises kept
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Hash tag disrespect
I will never stop praying for you continue doing such an incredible job Mr President
Great Job!
After 200 yrs our Constitution needs to be interpreted!
Love all your picks.
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
The only way you’ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken’s ass and wait.
a fantastic pick!!! Keep up the great work. I'm so proud I voted for you!!! #makeamericashineagain
yes I loved who you picked
Mr President you are doing a FANTASTIC job. Thank You from a very much from a very small voice in Seattle! Bob

and what day is your president see is this? Isn't he the one that started the fascist club when he was in school?
Great SCOTUS pick! Looking forward to seeing a great judge become a great justice!  #MAGA
He's AWFUL, HATEFUL person and the confirmation will NEVER happen. 8 is enough! #theresistanceisreal
@WhiteHouse I like very much for your nominations....
correction.,. Not by all. MORE than half of America have said NO to your nominee!
He's a #POS elitist, dangerous man to our society! His rulings are anti-American; pro-establishment! @congressdotgov should not approve him!
Report card.  SCOTUS A+, cabinet B+, exec orders B, Clarity in spoken word C, Sticking to backed facts D, Press C, Isreal A
In the hearts of the people of the United States, the darkest day of the two day of September 11th, the day you get elected
#
I wish you had picked Merrick Garland or someone more in the moderate side.
Great pick sorry for dumb ass democrats holding up filling your cabinet we support you on everything thank you Mr. Prez
Thank the good Lord you are not taking prayer out of our government.
yay and he disagrees with you already!
No!  Gorsuch just disrespected you and stabbed you in the back by criticizing you for making about political judges.
#Gorsuch is an excellent choice, #POTUS.
i dont respect him.  stupid score (1-10)....6
a
You should have nominated Merrick Garland. I heard he's a good guy too.
If you want people to start liking you, you could nominate Merrick Garland.
not by me
Not all....#FilibusterGorsuch
cool
I do NOT like your nomination of Neil Gorsuch & hope u will reconsider.  A very poor choice as you will realize later. @realDonaldTrump
another white supremacist, with a fascist past and a medieval mentality?
What does he think of your disrespect toward judges?
you may have your Justice pick, but the real karma justice will catch up with the terror caused by you, and you very soon
define "all."
judge gorsuch is a wonderful choice. Keep up the good work
@POTUS good choice.  The opposition party (including the media) won't like any pick.  Stay the course!
I would rather have a court full of moderates - I think we would benefit from less ideology. I liked Merrick Garland better
@bakedalaska
@bakedalaska
@bakedalaska
@POTUS WE LOVE IT!
Love it love love love it!!!! 
well he's got bigger hands than you, that's a start.
Great choice. Was hoping for Cruz or Gowdy. Right now, they are needed where they are. Nice to have righteous warriors!
not respected by me, so this "all" crap is a lie
Sir thank you for protecting our Country I will 100% with
Dear President Trump - we are so encouraged and thankful for this and so many of your appointments and nominations - GBU
bad! bad Peter! BAD!
He is a good choice, consider Judge Robert J. Morris Jr. for the next seat that opens up.
I'm with you all the way Marjorie
so what's up with planned parenthood. I'd just like to know the truth about them instead of the bloody media biased bs.
Mentally competent people read and think BEFORE they speak!
so far so great! Every one of them....
Define "all" please
Not so much.
respected by all? Are you joking?
Not "all"--not by a long shot. Respected by Big Biz, Big Money, Big Ruthless. Great resume, nice man, biased jurist.
If stupidity was painful, you'd be in agony
@POTUS nice

Of course you like him. He's a fascist just like you! Founder and Pres. of Fascists Forever Club. No vetting? or bribes?
NO! not by me and millions around the world #Emperor Wears No Clothes
@POTUS you do not speak for "all"
I do not like your nomination of Gorsuch #votenotogorsuch #VoteNoDevos #Resistance #BlockGorsuch #resist
What's his take on Bowling Green Massacre?
@POTUS no he isn't.
he is as bad as all your other choices. Praying for your soul. It needs help.
he's an originalist which I suspect eliminates amendments & reads with colonialist viewpoint
You mean the self proclaimed fascist
Thank you, President Trump for picking the most constitutional judge.
His seat on the court is as illegitimate as my presidency. His seat stolen from Merrick; my win stolen for me by Russians!
you spelled "Merrick Garland" incorrectly.
@POTUS Some-
not ALL.
A writer?
"Some" is Politics 101.
I mean, "All"?
All Who?
YOUR chosen crew?
Give respect to get it.
So was Merrick Garland, jackass!
NOT UR SEAT TO FILL.  Can u say fillibuster?  Those are OUR instructions to congress
No. Merrick Garland's seat. Plus you are illegitimate so this choice is 100% illegitimate. #theresistance #resist
I think you spelled "none" wrong. It's not A L L. It's N O N E. Respected by none.
I am very happy  about your picks you are making. I love seeing God being present in the White House !
فيما لو لم تكن الانتخابات العراقية القادمة لصالح ايران فان العراق سيحترق
شكرا ترامب
为你点赞，川总统。
And harassed by many liberals
@realDonaldTrump
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, r...
We don't
You will be a great President ever, God protect you and help you to fight against evil forces, because God is inside White House.

You are doing a great job mr president ! Keep focused we got your back!
Of course
NO
加油，小伙子
.@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump wine & dine world leaders at MaraLago only if they profit their business interests. #EmolumentsClause
All of who?
No i don't and no he isn't
Yes
stop trying 2 make friends w/ the liberals & the Democrats. Let them burn! No matter what U do is going B good enough 4them
Ask Yellowstone National Park if you don't know my daddy well,http://Mr.President.My  warmest regards.
so now let's get him on the court
I will have to agree with you on this one boss, good choice

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
@LouDobbs @POTUS Paul Ryan is the enemy of the people. Don't allow this Rhino to take control of our health care!
best president  I've seen that's played this game!
Yes, Well done. But do not ever think of giving a job to Tony Blair. He has ruined Britain and the Middle East.

-is-a-LOSER
OK hi I'm Obama
Great Job President Trump. We love you.
whatever you think it's good for our Country I will always on your side
FUCK NO DUDE
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/find-if-someone-logged-into-your.html?m=1 …
Don't worry, I'm sure your nomination tarnished his previously perfect reputation.
nnnnnnnnnope.
and the good people with good intentions?
best man for job!
wrong
@WhiteHouse so worthy of such prestigious position
we are all with you. Keep up the fight
Like
mr trump first of all thank u.my wife Pt trys to help gets in rehab but The vets office always cant get thete act together
Since this is the last year of your reign, the GOP really should not vote for this guy.

I AM VERY PLEASED WITH YOUR NOMINATION. PRAISE GOD. WHAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY THE LONG WAIT TO GET HIM APPOINTED.
