Fuck you, blob.
推特治国？
Sir, we are becoming increasingly concerned with AG Sessions. Why isn't he charging Lois Lerner??? She's 100% guilty!!!
This from a person that DOESN'T PAY TAXES!!!!!
 liberals hate trump so much they will bitch about anything. He could give em 1000$. And they would still find a flaw in it
Mark my words when we get 4% GDP the Left will blame @POTUS for inflation
RT #WeThePeople expect that "The Buck Stops Here" from YOU & YOU won't let a criminal cartel between #Congress & Healthcare Insur Cos exist.
you don't pay taxes.
Hurry to release Fannie Mae from fake conservatorship so housing can begin to rebuild.
Ryan and particularly McConnell are not bold enough.  McConnell is unwilling to force the unraveling of the filibuster... @GOP @AFPhq @WSJ
Without removing the filibuster, the Senate needs Dem support to make lasting cuts unless they can make $0 deficit increase.  A hard task.
Within the constraint of $0 deficit impact, there is major reform potential. @housebudgetGOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @BudgetGOP @stevenmnuchin1
1.  Eliminate gift taxes and estate tax along with the step up in basis on death.  2.  Make all corporations pass-thru entities taxed only..
...at the shareholder level (retirement funds and pensions would benefit as they would accumulate untaxed profits in the stock)...
3.  Eliminate all deductions and credits (possibly keeping pretax deferred retirement savings and charitable contributions).
4.  Set a...
...tax free income equal to minimum wage at 2,080 hours for each person in the household.
5.  Set the tax rate at the level necessary to ...
...make the changes deficit neutral so they can be permanent changes under current rules with only 51 votes.
One of the main reasons I voted for you Mr. President. I am tired of working for our government.
So tired that nothing seems to change
HURRY GOP #GreedOverPeople Trump wants to demolish the middle class and give the money to his buddies #liar #hypocrite #traitor #badman
Leadership is more than tweeting from your bedroom at 2 AM. Work the phones and talk to people face to face!
I've spent the majority of my campaign on the phones and at events with constituents.
@realDonaldTrump learn about the constitution and checks and balances.  Congress' job is not to give you a blank cheque.
Did you hear that? @SpeakerRyan Your boss is barking Twitter orders at you.  Hurry hurry.  Chop chop.
Simple , either flat tax say 15-20% & everybody pays regardless if make $100 or 100 Mil OR keep our $$ pay nat'l sales tax with purchases.
That seems like a terrible idea.
Tax cuts for the wealthy means tax raises for the middle class and poor. No! We will not raise taxes for struggling Americans.
I'd rather have good tax reform than fast tax reform. And not just for rich people and corporations this time.
Do you not understand to cut taxes now when there are several major natural disasters is not logical. Expenses are paid thru tax revenue.
Oddly enough don't casinos typically make money? Especially ones that have publicity. You got to really suck to lose money in the casino
Congress has a job we pay them for doing. The plan is not just Trump's job. Congress needs to do their job. Quit obstructing on everything.
God forbid you and your super wealthy friends go another day without huge tax cuts. You already have 90% of wealth just take it all.
Millions are in harm's way from an oncoming hurricane - let's reform taxes! Brilliant.
That upper 1% really needs their tax cuts. That is what's being planned. Your admin is HORRIBLE, they have an air if scumbag entitlement.
So is that what everyone down in Florida is freaking out about? Tax reform?
Hmmm... "ASAP" "Don't wait" "now" "Hurry" It's almost like you know your time in office is extremely finite...
Come on @GOP get off you asses and pass @POTUS  agenda!!! #MAGA
Hurry start the impeachment process. America needs it now more than ever!
Millions of Americans are out of work because of hurricanes and will need government help for years and you think we should cut taxes?

Idiot.
How about they all start it? Both sides?
Because Dems don't want tax reform.
Then they need to join in the debate & try to convince why we don't need it.
So why would he rally them to defeat his intended goal?
Basically, I'm sick of the now standard vote against anything other side wants. Got sick of it w/the GOP w/Obama and the tit for tat now.
Which despite, my dislike of it overall, I was pretty pleased w/ Trump's deal w/ Dems completely sidestepping GOP.

We need bipartisanship.
100 % agree. Doesn't have to be on everything. But you gotta have it some of the time. Every once in a while. Been nonexistent for 8+ years
I would much rather be half angry with our bills b/c they are bipartisan vs. completely content b/c they are all GOP focused.
The #IRS is closing in huh?
How many years are you behind in taxes? We'd love to know. 

#25thAmendmentNow
Why?  How about this is now the time to discuss climate.  Oh wait it's a Chinese hoax - sorry I asked.
How dare you cravenly attempt to tie the misery inflicted by theses storms to tax reform! Even repeating the lie that we're the most taxed!
Sad, you still have not a clue how D.C. works. You just think you want it and it will happen. It's not your damned company. Got it?
@CawthronPeter Rep no can do- on recess 9/21-23 10/9-12 11/20/24 only have time to badmouth #Trump
I suppose if you paid yours we would be better off. Better yet keep your money Resign and move to Mexico.Daddy can I go to.
Why the rush? Because you've accomplished nothing or because you're gonna be out of office soon?

Good luck getting those lazy bastards off their collective asses.  They just had a month off and now you want them to work???!!!  Audacity!!
THOSE IN CONGRESS AND SENATE ARE NOT CAPABLE OF ANYTHING.LAZY INCOMPETENTS. ALL THEY DO WELL IS MILK THE SYSTEM, ENRICH THEMSELVES. 7
Tax Cuts for the Wealthiest are needed now? They already have charitable deductions. That reminds me: where's the $1 million you promised?
Yes the corporations need tax breaks and the average American needs to get fucked. Let's hurry
You mean YOU need tax reform, right?
It's up to us to vote them out and send them packing. You just make sure the votes aren't rigged in their favor boss.
You need to give them ideas on how to do it! Sell your tax plan POTUS!
Tax relief for "We the People" or boot all Rinocrats out of office!
.@POTUS no way CNN can be so racist because there's a white president and every move shows their bigotry
People are a little busy trying to save lives,Donnie. You're not going to sneak through a tax cut for only the wealthy. #globalwarming
10%tax4everyi,including corporations&welfare recipients,exempt retirees&disabled=1 sentence tax code-no more loopholes&kid exemptions @POTUS
The first tax reform we need is that churches should pay taxes, people like you trump should pay MORE & the middle class should get a break.
Can small investors get some relief? We can only deduct $3000 in losses a year! Last updated IRC sec 1211 in 1978! https://www.aaii.com/journal/article/capital-pains-rules-for-capital-losses.touch …
I'm with you on that one. Let's have some equity in the tax code for the little guy.
Soon, soon
What we need now more than ever is your resignation from an office you did not earn.  Don't make us pay to impeach you.
If they want to be reelected...so many Dems not going back to Congress at their elections!!

Hold on a minute wasn't Chump bragging about HIS wonderful tax reform bill that he was gonna let us in on the details in 2 weeks
When ever Chump says im gonna give you the details in 2 weeks it's a lie,because 2 weeks comes & goes but he never delivers on the details
THEY WOULD DO IT FAST ENOUGH IF IT FILLED THEIR POCKETS !!! Congress has become a secret club separated from reality they work for US ! BAD!
HOPFULLY SOON A NEW HS LDR WILL PREVAIL FOR THE USA ! We deserve one - it's been decades since we had one - GOD HELP US IF WE DONT GET IT !
There are tragedies happening across the US you may want to focus on actually helping some people instead of pushing your brand & agenda
Not till the Russian gets out of our WH!
really? tax cuts for the wealthy are your big priority? that is your focus?  not the flooding/fires/earthquakes cause by fracking?  U FAKE!
Ask a Kansan how well Sam Brownback's tax reform worked. It didn't. As your plan is modeled after Brownback's, it won't work either. Resign.
They need to work on immigration and Dream Act first.
Donald! Congress hasn't written any laws in over 80yrs! They're not going to start now. They're useless as tits on a boar hog.
Your credibility with regard to taxes is a joke.  Go home.
.@realDonaldTrump @Potus instead of siding with liberal progressive democrats and liberal progressive republicans; how about #KeepYourWord ?
What's your tax plan? Teach everyone how to evade them?
GOP must legislate & stop the games or POTUS can do the same to all GOP members up in 18' midterms like he's doing to (AZ-R) Sen. Jeff Flake
How about dealing with the devastation in Texas. Dealing with Florida. With the wildfires destroying the west?  Hurry to fix real problems.
Are you hoping to create more loopholes to cheat your way out of paying even more taxes?
Hell, no. Teacher pays 25%, Mitt pays 12.3 and you zero. Stop lying.
Include: stop having social security taxed as income on tax returns .. it has already been taxed once.. now twice.. would help millions!!
We expect fiscal responsibility and not rush to give the fucking wealth as huge tax cut and the middle class jack shit.
Your tiny hands can't grab our cash fast enough w/o changing the tax code to give yourself a greater advantage? HURRY & impeach! #DumpTrump
You heard the boss @GOP! Get to work and do the job WE are paying you to do!
A 20% corporate tax and a 20% personal tax will raise more revenue and jump start the economic growth America needs .
@rlockrocks Absolutely!  However a 16 or 17 max would bring more BACON Home!
Robert if you eliminated all deductions corp and personal you could get to 16 without a problem 20% lets you keep some of the deductions.
ABSOLUTELY! If you can get to a real 17 or 18 the FED & State Filling can be done on a Post Card!
Open Mar-a-lago! Help save lives... my ass. #ImpeachTrump
If you weren’t a traitor to the USA, you might have accomplished something. Now you’re just the traitorous, worst, inept POTUS ever.
Shit your pants much Trump??? 
Let it happen
Why do we have president who does not pay taxes?
That's what I call Unamerican.
We're watching Congress and our Judicial Branch who sat back for years and let obama get away with murder closely Mr. President...tic toc
Mr. President, can we add a rider to the tax bill that repeals free healthcare for our Congress? They should pay just like the rest of us
"Hurry!" A pitiful cry of desperation from the child-President who has no plan except to blame everyone but himself. Weak. @rodgermitchell
President Trump, we are behind you! You are doing a great job in spite of all that you have been up against. Republicans need to support you
I agree President you need to take extreme steps or else it will be like healthcare situation
Cut Lheap before winter so what if a few freeze. Cut food stamps & a few more starve. One way to cut # of poor in America
You can't lead can you? You expect everyone in you party to do your leading! You know you are POTUS right?
Please continue w/ tax reform.  Will help us with 33%loss w/teamsters 449 pensions.approx 20,000 loss hit again middle class 70,s age.
How about you release your taxes like you promised you would?
Republicans must start the impeachment process ASAP! Get rid of this popular vote loser!
Hurry because they are going to impeach me!  Not much time left!
@HouseGOP @GOPSenFinance C'mon GOP We The People WANT TAX REFORM LOWER TAXES for America!  It's high time you got something done!
Wooo... trickle down economics has NEVER worked but hey, you can fool Trumptards ALL of the time.
we need to loose the republican and democrate crap, government for the people, by the people
Tax cuts for who tho?
Tax gut and screw to help greedy crooked Republicans, and squeeze the LIFE out of the rest of us.  TWEET . YOUR . RESIGNATION !!!
Sure we can cover the $200 billion cost of twin hurricanes with monopoly money.
Build the wall first. That is what is most important to we the people. Have to build the wall and build it now.
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. I need more tax breaks! *Fixed
dreamer
[dree-mer] 
noun
1.Someone who voted for @realDonaldTrump, thinking he would keep his promises on immigration.
... Or we'll vote people in that can.  #MAGA #followback #TrumpTrain
Republicans had better get it going or they will get voted out.
Pres Trump has already been working on that  he is discovering that hard core republicans are stabbing him in the back, want him to fail
This is what's on your mind in the face of three hurricanes and an 8.1 earthquake with tsunami? Really? #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
Cut food stamps and give the working man more on his check let's MAGA 
https://youtu.be/BkIxVlSPIX4 . Beware the Ides of March. 23 knives out for you. Paul Ryan is leading the pac. Met w Obama operatives.
Why doesn't anyone insist on seeing Donald Trump's birth certificate? I bet he was born a pig - no way he could fake it so well
Hurry up! Support Trump
DonTheCon:
• Your tax returns
• Russia collusion—IMPEACHABLE
• Foreign & domestic emoluments—IMPEACHABLE
Hurry!!!! Release your taxes!!! Hurry!!!! 
AND YOU MUST RESIGN BECAUSE YOUR A LIAR ,COLLUSIONIST, TRAITOR.......SO WHATS YOUR POINT?! .....DICK!
Listen up Covfefe you've gotten a big enough tax break.
Western states are burning, the south, from Houston to Miami is flooding, and all you can think of is tax cuts for your rich cronies. Sad.
Despicable to rush it when you think it's hidden by the storms. Only to be if it you and your wealthy cronies. Sick!
Yes, hurry and do a shitty job, again.
Mr. president tell them to pass the fair tax

@POTUS you need to uphold the law on #DACA. They weren't even vetted and are not all angels. https://twitter.com/AntifaBoston/status/904889468280295425 …
Yes, let's give the uber rich tax breaks.  #theswamppeopleareyourbffs
@POTUS Yes! U must hurry. Rich people need massive tax breaks before end of year. #WakeUpAmerica NO tax break for Middle Class or poor #sad!
Yes,he done it again! @realDonaldTrump (aka #fakePOTUS) can't wait a month for legislation on tax reform... Is he afraid of being taxed?!
Yah billionaires need more money to hoard. Hurry!
Tax cuts and reform for the Middle and working Class? Or the wealthy douchefucks like you? @realDonaldTrump

.@VicenteFoxQue is the president America needs. 

@realDonaldTrump is not messing around, best to listen Republicans!!! #Trump  #BuildTheWall
R. U. S. S. I. A.

It's unbelievable that Trump appointees at State/DOJ are opposing JW's efforts to expose truth on #Clinton scandals.
http://jwatch.us/kRFyQt  
#TaxReform should not be more #taxcuts for your #billionaireboysclub

This is your daily reminder that while Americans suffer under Obamacare, Congress has exempted themselves from its horror.
Where are those promised returns grifter? Where are those promised returns liar? Where are those promised returns pervert? Taxes taxes taxes
Please resign and end this shit show of incompetence. What a pear shaped loser.
not until you fully disclose your tax returns...
Forget about tax cut ur stay n office had been worn out
You mean before you are out of office?
You should focus on you pending impeachment
Mr. President, I hope you continue pursuing ur/our agenda and fight against the establishment...god bless!!!
Help... My billionaire friends are going broke!
Not TAX reform so you can get a tax break. We ALL know what it's about your not fooling anyone! Show us your taxes, then we'll talk.
We need to take the ENTITLEMENTS away! Away from Corporations and Idle Rich that suck us dry and are supposed to exist "For The Public Good"
 #MuellerIsComing & the grifter is still at it.  Maybe you can do time in TX. They don't pay prisoners for work, so no taxes.  Winner!
Speaking of TAXES, Fat Bastard, when did you say you would release YOURS
There will be NO reform as long as you hide your family's secrets
You'll have no problem you'll have enough Democrats
Your cronies already are rich, what's a couple of weeks?
I am sure you could get enough Democrats and Republicans with sense together to make it happen.
I stand with you against both the Dem & Rep swamp. McConnell is a stubborn toad. Do what you have to do. America first. The LORD is with you
Hurry up and resign now!
Washington didn't believe in parties dictating policy, if Trump can work both sides-then do it.
Try to deal with the hurricane's first then helping the 1%. Help those in affected areas INCLUDING those not owned by the U.S. #Irma
Republicans must start Impeachment hearings, don't wait till the end of September, America needs healing now! Hurry! #DonConJr lied!
True
Right! Do your jobs! Get it done!
Bill Maher makes fun of First Lady wearing Stelettos (shoes ) when visting Floods in Houston.Billie Ur jealous Ur wife's fat legs won't fit
Please veto Paul RINO's plan;claims cutting small business taxes while raising sm busness taxes by disallowing mortgage interest deduction!
Let's make sure the rich pay more, and that below middle class pay little to none, and middle class should pay less
We must impeach you now
Or else? You will demand the government shut down? To benefit your 1% buddies? #resist
How are your poll numbers? Highest ever? Better then Obama? You sure are winning
You don't understand what a president does! You think you can be president via twitter. The only people that accept that are your fans#UNFIT
Taxes (on you and your rich friends) are not what needs to be cut. Please discuss with Marie Antoinette.
Needed more than ever, because I the orange monkey is going bankrupt once again!
Including huge cuts for Medicare-Medicaid....the @GOP way.
We don't need your tax reform, we need the 1% and corporations to pay their fair share. Pull your head out of your butt, we need real help.
.We need 7-10,000+ US Military personnel, heavy equipment, air & resupply on our Montana Forest Fires NOW  to assist our firefighters.
How do these tax cuts get paid for? Will Brannon’s and Spicer’s salaries cover it all? Ivanka is a volunteer so she is no help.  Jared?
Trump MUST release his tax returns before Tax Reform.  America is entitled to know how those reforms will benefit him and his family.
But their not very smart @POTUS especially @SpeakerRyan @PRyan @SenateMajLdr REALLY
I want to see your tax returns before concidering
Where is your tax returns?
Puppet ass niggas is all i see here xD
that's not how this works. That's not how any of it works.
