
Why are you retweeting the LIES of this President - if you care so much about the truth?  Trump has been and continues to be an embarrassment to this country - locally as well as internationally; the fact you haven't quit as WH CofS says a lot about you as well - SAD WH CofS!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!...
RT @realDonaldTrump Please abolish the Unconstitutional #DACA. #Congress is using the #DACA to get around the laws of The Constitution. #USA
Democrats are using Obama's unconstitutional #DACA "memo" for illegal aliens as a weapon against our Constitutional Republic.  Deportation would be a gift to them so they can reunite with relatives and friends in their homeland. #EndDACA #DeportThemAll
@realDonaldTrump  MUST CHALLENGE THIS JUDGE RIGHT NOW AND NOT WAIT!!!!
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @tedcruz @RandPaul @SenMikeLee  The manner and actions in which Democrats, RINOs, #Congress & the Dems/GOP Establishments are conducting business is Unconstitutional and illegal. #USA #Americans #America #Constitution #PJNET #MAGA @freedomcaucus
Nobody really cares what you have to say anymore. You are a liar and a cheat.
Conquer and divide should be your model (_without the conquer)
You are living in the alternate world that Kellyanne has told us about, you certainly not living in my world.  You really meant RUSSIA FIRST
Please hold Congress responsible for all they promised when they ran for office. @realDonaldTrump
What things?  Trumpcare?  Tax reform?  Repairing all the damage you've done to this country globally?  You're a KDWLB!!!!
We the American people have been ROBBED of our SOVEREIGNTY, IDENTITY, CULTURE, MONEY, SENSE OF BELONGING BY ILLEGALS. #EndDACA
#EndDACA
Exactly. If the 3Mil #DACA ILLEGALS get to stay, their 6Mil ILLEGAL PARENTS will get to stay, then CHAIN MIGRATION. #EndDACA
John McCain said he answers only to the American people, I think he's tone deaf

 President Donald J Trump thank you for hearing the American people
I think President Loser I have your priorities:
Get Richer
Become americas first dictator 
Eliminate minorities 
Ignore the homeless
$$$$$$
Neither of you are that busy if Trump can tweet about somebody being ungrateful.   And once again a Black man. Mr.Kelly: take Trump's tiny little hands and shove them up his ass!  It may be the only way to get him to stop tweeting!
"America First" (disgusting KKK slogan you've got ppl chanting there, btw)
#PeePeeTape #distractionfromtherealissues #PutinsLittleBitch 
#ParanoidSchitzophrenic
Trumps face should be in Mount Rushmore!!!!
When will you get something done? #taxes #healthcare
There are some people concerned that certain said people are closing you in so as not to hear from the American people that elected you.
Awesome
Thanks
fellow bruin here. thank you for your service - shame that @realDonaldTrump doesn't know what that is since he dodged the draft bigly.
@POTUS Thousands of Americans have been MURDERED, MAIMED, RAPED etc. by ILLEGALS, all for CHEAP LABOR. JUSTICE. #EndDACA
@POTUS Every TAX $ robbed from American parents to educate/welfare for ILLEGALS should've been spent on AMERICAN KIDS. #EndDACA
@POTUS Yes, put AMERICANS FIRST, not ILLEGAL ALIENS brought here against our will & robbed to pay for them. #EndDACA
Mr President. If your Congress and Senate cannot pass this new Health Care plan it will be time to put them all on the plan immediately.
Can I plaster in your Newport home
Getting things done? Are you serious? You haven't gotten anything done except cause confusion & further divide this nation!
: Kelly looks despondent based on the pictures that we see of him every time you speak!
Sure,for you America is first, but your definition of America only includes YOU, your family and your billionaire friends,
Your hats are made in China.

Cobb County police Lt. Greg Abbott: "we only shoot black people"! It is official indeed! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
suppose every country put their citizens first .how will that affect America ?
Heplme
Help me
You mean trump first right? Haven't seen anything happen for America yet
Record for smallest electoral vote total? Least bills signed? Most ineffective admin? What metrics?
Naund, Deutschland Förster.
Donald Chump is a thin skinned baby. Hang tough Jemele Hill. I agree with you.
Ewwwwwwwwww
People against you must be rich enough that tax reform nor Affordable Health Care matter to them or they're being kept up by the government.
Our BCBS ins is killing us. Obama ruined  health ins. Now our ins. is more than our house payment.
We received a letter from BCBS-our plan is no longer available. Our ins.doubling in price. $2400/mth for the 3 of us. We can't afford this!
Also, you had a great idea on making Congress have the same health insurance as we're being forced to expect.
Don't do us any favors, really you've done enough.
Exactly what have you done? Oh yeah , mentally ill people can buy guns now .

America first, humanity second.
Denmark second
Your doing great- impressed me over your first 8 months! Will definitely vote for you in 2020,
Keep movement going we the people making America Great again
Megan Kelly steps over the body's on her way to A.M show. She is showing her true colors. Mr President called it right, liberal hag
How can one man Mitch McConnel have all the power to stop congress from acting on legislation that the President wants passed?
Get what done?
Please remember your promises to America. Forget the swamp dwellers who have invaded the entire system. Send DACA to Mexico. Let them deal w
You have accomplished just this side of nothing.
#donaldtrumpismypresident
Schmuck. Thanks for the update orange-man.
When will you do something for the people of DACA that deserve to be here. Something needs to be done STAT!
Cancel Obam acare subsidies Federal government and Insurance companies. Maybe this will get their attention. The middle class deserveit.
Stick to that #2020Vision  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
Don't give up the fight for right and good. God Speed.
Um, no.  You are ruining our country.  Get out and let someone competent do your job!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA iS SCREWED!
God help us. 
Rescind DACA.  Stop all government aid.  Time to get this immigration problem under control.
What continent is this moron speaking of?
RESINGE Donald
Bla bla bla... like always...
Yes.... I agree, you will make many bad decisions this week.
Good job as usual
Geter done
Liar!
Do something about the  in Washington and Oregon
President Trump please get rid of the VA hospitals, and let us use health facilities that every other American has the right to use.
Their whole career is a vacation, the only time they work is when they need to protect their so called jobs.
Blah, blah, blah, blah....
Mr. Trump get rid of the mile high tax code and go flat tax all the way... Thank you for your service Sir...
Sitting around tweeting is the height of an irresponsible so called president. Why don't you resign so we can have a democracy again?
You mean Trump First
He was one of the best and loved President ever and is truly missed!
You are so jealous and envious of President Obama that you are trying to undo everything he's done which is good. Trying to ruin his legacy!
I agree. Impeach the man who thinks he knows it all. He hasn't even begun his duties as president.
everyone should donate 10 bucks per household member to hurricane victims
That's right, America first... But we've been trying to have Inventors with us, ie Tesla and Einstein. Why not help the world, again?

You mean you and those kids of yours first
YES!!!
Getting things done? Really? Destroying America is about the only thing I see Trump doing. #RemoveTrump
WHAT YA GONNA DO?! 
Please trump cancel the Obamacare please. I have been without ins for about a year now please trump help us
The problem, of course, is that #44 will always come before you, that his legacy cannot be erased, and your disgraceful one can't be either.
iT IS A RECORD. A record of FAILURE. Never has an administration failed so bigly. Big League...HYUUUUGEly
Bring back the draft to make young people patriotic, respectful of the law, and to MAGA.
When are you going to restore our American dream. Kick out Illegals Aliens(dreamers)6 months is to long
Congress has to pull a plan together its key! because if POTUS does not folllow Legal process the next liberal will be able to change it.
Something sounds familiar about what you just said!

#ImpeachTrumpNow
Yes America first
How about Mexico paying for the wall, what happened to that being done? No one to blame for this failure but @realDonaldTrump. #SMH.
What have you actually accomplished ?


You mean Donald first, don't you?
but dont make decisions which destroys the whole world bc then there is no america anymore or anything else
What Americans will come FIRST... The few Rich, white or the rest of US???? U and ur crew r despicable!!!!!!
This from a dude that is the son of an immigrant, married 2 immigrants, hires immigrants and has companies abroad ..smh..
Do just like to hear yourself speak? Or do you just like to see how people would respond? I don't get it. There is no high bar passed by you
Too bad your finger is so tiny.
Crossroads of the world
With US Constitution law and proceedures for a Democratic self governed Republuc society over global foreign policies
How many campaign promises have you fulfilled?

I can never explain how you were elected.
Please don't forget about Montana and the wild fires. Help please!!
#MAGA
Help the senior citizens, many can't afford healthcare, prescriptions, and housing costs! Many cut their pills in half so they can eat.
you don't believe in America first, you believe in Trump first, like how you turn a simple speech into a political message for you shameful
Yes dismantling all of the good done by both Democrats and Republicans a lot getting done

Thank you Mr. President.

Dear Lord we pray to you in earnestnest that you will guide @POTUS in the decisions he is making for this great Nation to be ONE under GOD 


My personal opinion is you should never of been sworn into office until this Russian thing was settled in the courts ,if you passed then
America First! End DACA
You go my President!!!!!
Yes, out the door of WH and off to prison for tax evasion,etc
Yea no one believes the "record clip" statement...
#you are delusional #impeach Trump now
American Hamiltonian principles of economics. Not Wall Street exotic financial games. Give us Glass-Steagall and 10 trillion in good credit
Thank you President Trump for all you are doing!! You are the greatest president ever.  You are doing an amazing job.
how can you say you love the dreamers but then destroy their lives you have no heart trumpy
Get rid of daca!  Put America first!  Do not let mexico come and gain riches.  They get scholarships Americans do not in college.  No daca!
Inspite of people trying to set you back, your doing an excellent job. Thank you
Remember when you told us you had a heart and you'd use it in your DACA decision. Don't show us an empty cavity full of maggots.
Or is it Trump first? Your ego contests the greatness of America! Want to make America great again? Trump for America not America for Trump!
End DACA period! If these dreamers haven't applied for citizenship they must go.  Congress can handle this.... 
#maga
Yeah. Record clip. We are laughing at you.
I believe in u...Tell them to leave our statues alone how would they feel if we started taking the black statues down & acted like them!
They are our history it is wrong after all these years to be able to do this is un American we Americans should be able to vote on it first
How will you hold Texas hostage ? Border wall? Tax reform? GOD knows no one wants to help you even GOP lol Flynn asking for immunity lol 
Just what are you getting done? We, the people, don't see anything so far. A lot of talk but no action We know how great you think you are.
If we ousted you from the Oval Office, things would get done quicker you loser. #ImpeachTrump #lockhimup #replacetrump #coupdetat

Leave daca alone trumpy how can you be willing to destroy 80000lives because of your hatred for Obama
I'm sure you meant  Russia first!
What you have signed smells like S.... Congress has to pass your smelly papers to pass laws.
You lie about America First Mr. Trump. We all know that Russia comes first in your world.
Compared to other presidents, you've done nothing but create RANCOR, DIVISION and CHAOS. One #SCOTUS appointment and some bad EOs - BFD.

