@gene423  Get a job.  seem like your job is troll Our Great President @realDonaldTrump , So stop being a liberal without a cause.
There's nothing great about him. 
Not a great speaker.
Not a great leader.
No knowledge of history.
Hillary won the popular vote.
I doubt that..In these cities like NY, and California, s lot of Dem fraud!
Didn't know California is a city
must be talking about:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California,_Pennsylvania …
Oh.. how far is it from Lebanon.... PA?!
probably about the same distance as to Moon, PA.
So much voters fraud in the Moon colonies.
.. good stuff, dear 
there's also a Mars, PA. You get the feeling that people in PA wished they were anywhere else.
Just repeal. Do NOT replace. Let insurance be a choice within free market.
You really think insurance companies will LOWER prices?  Don't be a fool sweetie. How will they pay their CEOs multimillion $ bonuses?
It's a little something called competition, surprised you haven't heard about, quite an amazing thing
There a little thing called corporate greed. Surprised you haven't heard of it.
It seems you're implying that they'll charge whatever they want, only way that happens is with Monopolies which is illegal.
I don't think I implied it. I pretty much said it outright. I'd be ecstatic to be wrong but corporations love their $$!
Again competition fixes that, only Monopoly in the health industry is healthcare. I don't think you know how competition works.
We don't need bailouts for insurance comp. for members of Congress. they need to have the same insurance as the rest of the nation until done away with.
@GOP don't let this blow hard asshat threaten you! He's doesn't have the BALLS. He can't pass gas right now.
News flash: threats are not a great strategy in a democracy
do you what you are doing. this is america baby,
What about bailouts for members of the White House?
Go ahead! Destabilized insurance markets will crash the economy. You could at that to your wins!
Let the bailouts end now
There you go.  Proof that you are vindictive and don't care about American people.  Keep it up!!!
Senators Collins, Murkowski and McCain bravely defended Americans' health care

Stopped #TrumpCare
Now Trump is sabotaging health care

Endangering Americans' lives and health
Trump Administration illegally used taxpayer funds to run anti health care fake ads
#TrumpCare Failed

Trump in a sick blame game endangers Americans' health
Instead of reaching out to find fixes - Trump is trying to sabotage health care
Thank you Senators Collins, Murkowski and McCain

for stopping #TrumpCare
your threats might work on 'the apprentice' but not in washington! your losing the few friends you had left!
If you can't dazzle with brilliance, baffle with B.S..
You are deranged. Only a deranged psychotic narcissist would severely harm millions of ppl for a political win... you sick f*ck.
What does bailouts for Congress mean?
I think he means the subsidies that help fund ocare.
You WILL defend the healthcare system with all you got. Just have to do it for a few more months until you're impeached. A TREMENDOUS loser!
I'm sure Rep. @SteveScalise & millions if others are disturbed by your threats #Bully
This is called blackmail, you should be in a suit that matches your skin tone! 
Just make sure thatEVERYBODY is covered and there will be no problems passing a bill, buddy!
Congress should live by the laws they write!Absolutely!
When is the last time a health insurance company received a bailout? Who was it? How much was it?
Art of the deal strategies: charm, bully, threaten, walk away. sue
Threats threats and more threats! But his bark is much worse, and annoying, than his bite. Work WITH people and stop attacking them.
I believe u tweet out bullshit just 4 the hell of it someone needs to give u a mental evaluation. I'd say go to the VA but u never served
And you will single-handedly destroy HealthCare in America. You are the problem. The solution is to RESIGN NOW.
Fear tactics don't work on the American People,  but you tampering with, skirting or evading current laws will surely catch attention
Screw McCain
You are despicable
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT IF THEY HAD OCARE THEY WOULD REPEAL AND REPLACE WITH NO PROBLEMS LIKE MCCAIN AND THE OTHER 2!!!!!!!
No bailouts.  Let them die and move to single payer.  Insurance co's are the problem.  #SinglePayer #FailureTrump #pettypotus #LiarInChief

The ACA is not imploding. Your presidency is imploding. Cannot wait for the nightmare that is This presidency to be over. Impeach!
If payments are held back, that is in violation of the law. It will be taken to the courts and you will lose, again.

I have the same dream, BUT with all of tRump's supporters leaving for Russia, a country more in line with your asinine thinking!

Heh-heh! 
Watch this... Obama was a much better POTUS!
This sound a treat to millions of people do you realize what position in office you hold in our nation?
chill, puppet. You lost due to your own incompetence. Deal with it and take your meds.
#Release the Memo!!!!!!!!!
#MAGA



Pure LIB bs.
DO IT.
Executive order:  IRS will not enforce individual mandate rax.
But more immediately, if all Senators and Congress members and their staffs had to pay what everyone else does, it'd be repealed pronto.
Please, please, please let that McDonald's food catch up with you.
You will learn that you simply cannot bully your way through this. We have laws and we have integrity. #resignnow  @realDonaldTrump
We have a little thing known as Balance of Power. There are three branches of government, not that you are aware of this. @realDonaldTrump
Trump believes he is a Dictator or a King and he is neither
He's getting away with a lot more than any other pres & with that power he's feeling as if he is King & his children is Royal fam.
Yes, and each time media shows him I change the channel but he's everywhere. Sickening and demoralizing. I wish he would just go away.
Same here Nancy. No peace until he does. Weary of him beyond words. Anti American president. Who would've ever believed it could happen
Obama is the traitor stole money from America let POWs out to kill us again Ruining America Are you that blind Trump is our only hope
Yes yes yes yes
consider launching a small scale nuclear strike against Arizona. Let them taste your vengeance.
Man, you really like Trump. It's cool how you stick to your guns!
MAGA dude.  He won. Get over it.
PS he's the best president since Lincun.
And this, my friends, is the reason why Trump won: white uneducated americans
what makes you think I'm white?
I'm mostly white (1/8 Cherokee), but I'm educated (G.E.D., 2 years of community college, 1 year vocational academy)
I'm a pediatric surgeon.  I was born in Romania.
What's the holdup, Mr President ?
Why can't we all have the same healthcare options and subsidies that our "representatives" do ?

So far your July 29th tweet is just an empty threat.

Walk the walk and back up that big talk, Mr President.

#rescind_congressional_exemptions_NOW
About damn time.
We work to elect POTUS, they work against everything we want. Tax will be next thing they have to go on vacation, they will not have time to
May take a few years but we will get Reid of these traitors
Way to go!
What about the 65 million who didn't vote for him? We don't want to be Russian stooges.
Russia Russia Russia bahahahahaha
Everyone healthy needs to cancel their health insurance all at once & send a message to the insurance companies they have paid congress off
Sure wish that was something we could actually do! They would certainly pay attention to that though wouldn't they?
Finally! A man of Integrity!
They should have access to the same benefits afforded the American Citizens! What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Since "Geese" is how they refer to the American public, maybe politians should look in the mirror and identify with us.
still waiting
Thank you #AHOLE for doing nothing but hurting this country & thank you for the 40% increase (now $16K fam of 2) to our HC coverage #YouSuck
You do know it is not Trumps fault you have a 40% increase in HC and did not hurt the country..
It came you signed it
THESE IMMIGRANTS ARE SERVING TRUMP AND HIS FRIENDS AT A $750/ PERSON NEW YEARS BASH TONIGHT AND DURING THE SEASON! WHAT IS COULD FOR THE GOOSE IS NOT GOOD FOR THE GANDER AKS TRUMP:
284 days since your empty threat, @realDonaldTrump 

Come on, Mr President; walk the walk and back up that big boy talk !!

#RescindCongressionalExemptionsNOW

@Rose4Justice Obamacare only protects Muslims and Illegals from paying for health care and it's death care for legal Americans, punishment, and enslaves Americans to Taqiyya and forces Americans to pick up the tab for the Muslims living expenses and holds them about U.S. Law
@Rose4Justice Obama should be sitting before a Grand Jury for swearing an oath using a forged Certified B/C according the forensics and Lawyers and Law Enforcers....Then just Nullify his entire Obamacare bill if he's charged with usurping the office of the POTUS
You are on a roll. Should have done so from the begin ningún so the do nothing politicians would have an incentive to get er done. MAGA
Get er done!!
Amen God bless you President Trump we the people love you
it should end!!!!! 
This shouldn't be a threat but a promise!
Government has no business in our healthcare.  Dump the garbage obama care and give it back to the private sector.
Absolutely, you DO it!! Call for No recesses..!! So tired of their BS. They need to know the pay for play is ENDING w DJT
Hit them hard Mr. President. We the People are tired of being given the finger by Congress and the media.
Amen
No argument here Ron. Hopefully nature will speed up it's grip on our illustrious Senator McCain and he will depart this world quickly.
An appropriate title for a man that is as true a piece of shit as I have ever known.
Forget the new bill just end the bailouts already...love it or hate it healthcare is not a right when it requires somebody else's labor
Healthcare is a basic human right and should be available to all.
Health insurance and healthcare are not the same thing as long it relies on individuals to provide it.
Which is why single payer system is the way to go
Borders I mean are substantially cheaper why is that?? Are doctors and pharmacists charge les, drug companies make less it is an overly
Put congress on Obamacare
You obviously care more about your own ego than the lives of U.S. citizens.  So very presidential, sir.  Sad!

@bubipin https://twitter.com/bubipin/status/891561010254954497 … 
then the next month even tighter so late again maybe with a different card with same issue...
You will make this country burn.  But we will not give in.  We will rebuild, stronger than ever, from the ashes of democracy.
they should have the same health insurance that they say is good for all of the U.S.citizens!  No exceptions for anyone!
Yes!! Please do this!
Threats now? Said like a true dictator.
Please do it immediately
Seriously?  If you really want them to act quickly then end the bailouts now!
One way or another you're going to get your way right?
OOOHHHH YES PKEASE NOW! 
the worst President ever. The Trump name will  be remembered along with all the other evil men in history.
Everyone knew it would implode
TrumpCare is deathcare!
So?
Right on!! That should get these idiots moving...
Good luck your executive power doesn’t reach that far.
@realDonaldTrump
Hurting the poor & sick in a petulant tantrum is not what Presidents of this country do. What kind of monster are you?!
I think that's called sabotage 
Thank John MCcain
Please pull the subsidies from our disgraceful congress
A lack of governance while trying to impeach a president will do that.
No one should be exempt@
fund obamacare till it implodes on it own period. and then cut bailouts for insurance companies and congress
This repeal of congress subsidies and exemption from oc must be done. We the ppl voted for you to do just that. DTS. Do it. Ppl need this
Crazy=U let ppl wit health care tell u that u don't need health care & you (for some crazy reason) believe it & tell GOP hurry n take it!
You just secured your reelection if you go through with it!
McCain is a traitor and should be fired

If it's good enough for the commoners, it's good enough for those who are themselves as elitists! Do it Prez, do it.
Why not make congress live by the same laws they pass for us??? Congress should live with obamacare too
Yes, yes, yes!
Take the bull by the horns, take away their health ,I have to pay 900 a month and live on budget of 2800 a month,is that fair 64 can't work
You mad bro?
I think you're doing a great job buddy. Keep them accountable and keep going on the good fight.
Really?  You going to treat our healthcare like your TV show? Really? Stupid.
DO IT!! Put Congress in the same crap bucket they put all Americans! Enough is enough. Time for Congress to smell the crap.
..Then tehy'll magically come up with a new plan that works REAL FAST.
Yes! :-)
Threats. Wow
Why wait?  Stop the subsidies now.
Why is there fucking bailouts
I know that you wouldn't let the elderly or the very sick go without medical help... you can expand medicaid to them if needed.
Right things are never bad in the long term. Do it very soon!
I think obama knew this would happen forcing us to go to a one payor system.

Are you bullying  again normal for you
Threats is all you know. Go ahead  keep this shit up because it justs dooms you and @GOP more and more each time. Digging your own hole.
Thank you Mr. President !!!  We have to start somewhere.
In my opinion, if #Trump unilaterially stops BAILOUTS for insurance companies then he should be held accountable for the associated deaths.
, Congress needs 2 abide by the same rules as the American ppl if they pass it same goes for them
H e e e l
trump, do you really read these tweets?
negotiate pricing with hospitals make hospitals give you a menu with pricing also and negotiate drug prescription prices to
Bravo - end the subsidies- what nonsense!  Not an economically sustainable plan from the get go!  Let congress take the medicine
__Congress is the poster child for spoiled entitled brat. Do as I say, not as I do. Let them live by their own laws.
#WeThePeople stand firm with you President Trump! #MAGA
The sooner your administration implodes from your crippling incompetence and stupidity, the better off our country will be.
Do it now.
Do it,this is long overdue .How
shamefull
of them
Executive order as much as you can
perfect response for do nothing politicians. Don't deserve bailo uta if they do not approve better health care plan. Good job
I 100% agree mr. President
YES!!!  Congress must live with laws they pass. Please do this!!
Look BLOTUS..no one with an IQ above 60 wants your pathetic anti-healthcare..
YEA!!!!!!!
The payments to insurance companies are illegal and @POTUS will be guilty of a crime (like Obama) if he agrees to continue payments.
"President" Know-Nothing.
My gawd, you are clueless. I guess you haven't figured out that threats and constant lies are not the way to run a country.
You'll be committing political suicide if you pull that trigger. You're a slippery slime ball, but you would be nailed to wall for that.
For congress to vote no then go on vacation. Is a slap in the face to the American people. Shameful. But they have the land of plenty
.@realDonaldTrump - it's not your money and not your decision.  You are not the boss of all the things you think you are! Numbskull.
How is it DC on their salaries can become millionaires hiding money in the Cayman Islands with corruption from K Street is not a crime
it's a shame you are so hell bent on undoing the work of a great president that you are willing to kill millions of US ppl
Since there should never be any bailouts for anything, should we root for Graham-Cassidy to fail? Or will you do the right thing regardless?
Thanks, Mr. President
Good move make congress suffer with everyone else they work for us they are not above us
not like they haven't been messing me from get go...
You're going to heel trump 
PLEASE DO THIS NOW!  TODAY!  DO NOT WAIT!  THEY ARE NOT LEARNING THEIR LESSON and we did not vote them in to drag their feet.
President Trump, In addition to making us safe we want to be content knowing that Congress is on Obamacare!!!
Stay strong President
Go ahead... think they care??? They can afford it anyway. You're just throwing red meat to see what sticks.
Excuse me? Bailouts for congress? WTF you talking about?
Another threat from the shirker-in-chief!
All they need is for YOU to bail out! That is the best for everyone
Everybody needs to be paying the same for insurance no matter who they are.Whats good for Goose is good for the Gander.As gramma says,
Are u he e e e e e l ing trump?
Stop this nonsense REPEAL NOW then# give it back
