He's a fascist, so not unusual.
Yes please, if Obama the disastrous illegitimate President pardoned traitors Adelman, Snowden our President who won fair & square surely can
You have to be kidding .@realDonaldTrump! You are incredibly tone deaf to be thinking of pardoning this racist & then an r/t?!? #TrumpFail
This president takes "speaking of himself in the third person" to a *whole* new level.

Why would you be broadcasting this? You do know the repercussions of this pardon don't You?
You have to do it - I lived in AZ.  He is only about Law and Order   PERIOD
That's such awesome news! Such a blessing to have you as our President!
If Obama could grant Chelsea Manning a pardon for leaking classified documents there should be NO complaints granting Sheriff Joe one!

Thank you to all the racist and Xena phobic's that are commenting for Donald Trop the more he does the more people I turned away from him
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews considering, HRC, got a free pass abd sheriff JOE, was enforcing our imgration laws. HRC goes free
Trump loves hate.
Good idea. Pardon a racist.
Why are you retweeting Fox News?  Very weird! Is this your plan?  Next you will pardon all of your family. #FakePresident #ImpeachNow #SAD
Americans agree pardon Joe and prosecute #CrookedHillary 
#joearpaio

Please pardon him Mr. President he has defended our country for years.  We love & respect this man & wish we had more like him.
He purposely targeted minorities he was found guilty, let him do his time like all the other people he punished.
Joe blamed one of his former attorneys for not fully explaining the court order.
It’d be an interesting experiment concerning the concept of political capital.
#lockhimup and you too!
Seig Heil y'all. If anyone deserves it, it's that fat lazy & cruel racist bastard great choice Biff#Charlottesville
FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio http://fxn.ws/2w4LtM5 
Pardon him for being a racist ok cool ....that's completely messed up he doesn't deserve to be pardoner

Why would you retweet yourself being soft on crime?
WTF IS wrong w/ u!?! 
Of course he is--pigs of a feather flock together, in this case. Racists and assholes stick together.
I would be delighted to see him pardoned.
So racial profiling then?
Two horrible human beings.....
End the Holder/Obama war on Arpaio! Pardon NOW!
OK? So the law of the land doesn't apply when King Donald says it doesn't apply?
Yes, this is a great idea. You need to show the nation you really do back racists.
WE LOVE AMERICAN HEROES!
The dumbest and weakest POTUS ever
I agree... Thank God Obama is out of office!
Obama is twice the man Trump is.
President Obama is five times the man that Trump could even DREAM of being.
Hussain hates your guts.. keep praising the foreigner whose only goal was to destroy the US. Sad
Oh lookie: another hate-filled "christian". With ppl like you as examples, no wonder your religion is being abandoned.
Also: who is "Hussain" and who is a foreigner?

You retweet this garbage but not when FOX (fake) news calls you out for not condemning  Nazi and KKK groups?? PATHETIC!
Our president is now just PR for a shitty Fox News show.
I love how all the negative responses to this are absolute non sequiturs and most are ad hominems.
If anyone should be pardoned, it should be this man. He was doing the right thing. There are dirty judges and left needs to shut it.
Trump: takes days to condemn white supremecy, seriously considers pardoning guilty racists.

For every "good" thing he's done, I have 3 sources for something horrible he's done. And at least one old Trump tweet condemning new Trump.
nope. He's the same old Trump from before. If you've read these multiple news sources...

Fake news. I doubt you took the time to read the article I've sent you.
I sent you sources of his true motivates yet you failed to hear the truth
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio https:...
Sounds like a hell of a guy. 
Where was this  [14] sourced?

Thanks can you post the link please?

Thanks for posting

What a "good" move Mr. President! Pardon Joe Arpaio!!!
Please please I beg you.... go away.
Slap in the face of Arizonians. Makes racism okay-makes criminal activity okay. We are still paying for his bad behavior. DON'T DO!!!!!!!!!!
@OcotilloGlenNA I think u should use yr real name to express political opinions, so that u don't appear to represent entire neighborhood.
Again Trump standing up for racism! Believe me you're the worst enemy of the American people! Lies, bullying changing laws so you make money
Go ahead and it will confirm his racist beliefs
Do it, and you'll turn more people against you
Figures. One corrupt person to another.
Of course a racist is going to look out for another racist,  that's how it's been working why would he think to do anything different
Woof.
PARDON HIM!!!!!!!
A pardon would be a travesty of justice
Of course a KKK Nazi sympathizer would exonerate one of his own...
Cheering for police to be above the law, are you serious? So you must love the red coats, they were above the law too. #loveredcoats
Joe rocks!  He upheld the federal law when the chicken shit local politicians wouldn't.... #MAGA
Absolutely I agree
If it was ok for Obama to pardon terrorist then President Trump can Pardon this hero....
Yes pardon Joe
Nothing but Love for Sherrie Joe!
The only justice for Joe Arpaio is to hold him in the AZ desert in a tent.  A AZ Voter.
Two assholes on a stage, brought to you by TrumpPropagandaNetwork. No, thanks.
Thank you Mr. President.
What is there to consider? Just pardon him! Sheriff Joe is a hero. To hell with what the Fake News Media will think.
make America racist Again
That would be a moral crime but hey that's nothing new to you!
pardon him he is one one the good guys
you were quoted in a story by @CNN
Good, he acted as a lawman and looked out for the citizens, unlike the geniuses in other states that are choosing illegal aliens first
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Yes!
Mr. President please Give @DineshDSouza a pardon too
Practice so he can try to Pardon himself #ImpeachTrumpAndPence @POTUS
Pardon Sheriff Joe!
@realDonaldTrump Pardon Joe
Please pardon Sheriff Joe he was sending them back before you did. some latinos here are worried.Joe is in his 80,s and doesn't need jail
Well why not?  Putin always did enjoy a lively 3-way with a bigoted fascist & a #NaziLoving @POTUS...
Yes Pardon sheriff Joe Please!!
Don't do it ! I fully stand behind every decision you've made but This man is not deserving of a pardon, He is a bully! Reconsider please!
Do we love sheriff Joe ? We love sheriff Joe ......we love sheriff Joe. We love Joe. A great man.
unlike his delusional of "Waiting for Facts"  There is a litany of PROOF - he never waits for Facts before shooting off his big mouth AND
Yes, he deserves it!  Criminals are just that, CRIMINALS!!
Joe is NOT A CRIMINAL!!!!!
Alt Left  is anti Nazi ,white  supremacist  violent folks ,not the  majority  in USA remember WW2  & Vets ? Yes Sir ! Look at History ?
Par for the course!
Birds of a feather...and all that. After your off the track/demented speech today, lack of morals and clear judgement...this is no surprise.
Here's a story....investigate it
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews 

Thank you Sheriff Joe for being such a patriot!!
Yeah, let's pardon all the white nationalists
Put Joe in charge of the FBI shit just might get done .
Joe Arpaio is a hero trying to protect America.  Pardon him and then give him a medal!!
PARDON OUR SHERIFF !!!!  we love Joe Arpaio   #MAGA
Takes a racist to pardon a racist.
PARDON JOE PLEASE MAGA
Go for it!!
Practicing his pardoning skills? Good luck with the family cell waiting for you @realDonaldTrump
Yes Pardon Arpio he was fantastic in Az
Sheriff Joe should have never went to Jail this Man knows the Truth about Obama,this is why he went to jail give him a Pardon.
Trump SERIOUSLY TAKING OVER Fox & Friends changing 2 Loyal Sheriff Joe & Friends PARDONS All FOX News Sexual Predators
Please Pesident Trump. Put a thumb in the dem's eye and pardon this good man. Unless we can overturn this injustice and clear his name .
This doesn't surprise me at all

Sir, please don't pardon Joe. We all want to see him living in a tent wearing pink undies.
Please pardon this Great man!!!!
Trump equates traitor Robert E Lee traitor to the USA  to George Washington.  What an asso.
Please pardon the Sheriff! He is guilty only of enforcing the law.
More proof that Trump is racist! This Sheriff runs a Slave labor prison! If he is not then put all racist they arrested Saturday in his jail
@realDonaldTrump Why not? He loves all other white supremacists. Uncle Joe is just a fellow racist.
Of course
What is an undocumented immigrant?
This must be done! Unfair punishment for a man trying to do GREAT THINGS 4 R Country!
#Lock-him-up! Lock-him-up! Lock-him-up! He was found to be in contempt of court! Put him in the tent wearing his pink panties!
He must think of new racist shit Every day to be on top.


@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews so breaking the law is ok for him? I say put him in pink underwear and send him to prison!
yes, please pardon this wonderful man.....I love and respect him....
Mr President: you are a tool, a gaslighter and the most embarrassing president in history.
Agree!!!
He loves Nazis. This makes sense in Trump world.
Consider your own actions
Just DO IT!
Just when you think you've heard the worst this Bully can do he takes it to a new low.
How about the Clinton's and Obama's?  They should be in prison so where is the justice?
Of course he will give a pardon to his fellow NAZI friend
This is more evidence that Trump is unhinged
Yeah! Pardon Sherri Joe, Mr. President! A lot of us loved him!
He should be pardoned 
DO IT... @RealSheriffJoe WAS A GREAT SHERIFF
Suggestion:  Don't Make Another Mistake!  Your so called "base" is dwindling. White Nationalists,Supremacists & KKK won't get u re-elected
Sheriff Joe should've already been pardoned! He immediately supported @realDonaldTrump at the onset of campaign! #LoyaltyMatters #MAGA 
He better not. If he does His sentence should be added to Trumps sentance.
@POTUS This is a "must"
Dear beloved @POTUS please pardon this MAN OF GREAT HONOR  who guarded Mariposa County AZ from criminals foreign and domestic GOD BLESS U
He should pardon him. He didn't do anything wrong. Dear Lord, help him and help us in this crazy, upside down world.
Save Sherrif Joe and keep melting PC Socialists Mr. President 
Trump's assertion left wing protesters just as violent as white supremacists in Charlottesville sets off firestorm http://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/08dX7Toh?s=a2 

Thank you!! Sheriff Joe is amazing
Aryan bothers in arms #NaziPresident #impeach
Because you want to show how truly racist you are?
I hope he will be pardoned. I hope you help Jose Manuel Mireles of Autodefensa who fought the cartels also. Documentary , "Cartel Land. "
Maybe trump should be obliged to wear pink clothes
Yes he deserves a pardon! He did a great job protecting our country!!!
"Wisdom waits for peace before it takes action!  If you don’t have peace about what you are doing, then don’t do it!" -Joyce #wisdom #peace
If BOdor can let out violent criminals and Terrorists this should be a piece of cake!
I truly hope President Trump that you can!
Oh hell no, he deserves to be locked up and throw away the keys, racist bastard
Look at those tiny hands! Hah
He should just do it!
Another racist gets a pass from Cheeto Baby.
Yes, you
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews #ImpeachTrump
