Say it. White Supremacy
Say her name. #HeatherHeyer
So sorry for your loss thank you for your service and your sacrifice 
The racist actions of white hate should not have happened.  You opened the box and let them run with power.  SHAME ON YOU TRUMP!
Bleeding BLUE tonight-we owe so much 2 the Thin Blue Line-plain clothes & uniform, fed, state & local-they protect & make democracy possible
thank U GREG 4 the kind words of respect...I have tears in my eyes as I read your heartfelt statement 
Thank U Cindy for your comment.
most welcome on
Their fathers will always be with them in spirit to always watch over them and guide them in love, protection and peace
The “young woman” killed yesterday has a name too. Have respect. Use it.  #HeatherHeyer
@realDonaldTrump Caused because of WHITE SUPREMACISTS aka your supporters. Say what it is. You had no problem identifying others by name.
RIP to the police officers. And to #HeatherHeyer who you have still not named. None of them would be dead if neo-Nazis had stayed home.
#charlotesville  False Flag cover for NSC leak

#FireMcMaster 

@GovernorVA was complicit told Cops to stand down
#Prayers for their families and all Law Enforcement Lord bring them home safely to their families. Amen #BlueLivesMatter
You may as well murdered her
Trump is busy on vacation.
Are you president of America or the alt-right, white supremacists spewing hate in last night's despicable rally in Charlottesville?
Amen so sad, but our Lord God almighty is with us, and them. 
Even though this was awful, it's reassuring that out of 320 million people only a few hundred people were a problem. Love thy brother.
A few hundred= at least 5 million nationwide. Not good still.
I'd like to report Lori Wise for inciting violence and requesting the assasination of a democratically elected sitting POTUS
R.I.P. officer's....why didn't you tweet about #HeatherHeyer  this a.m.?  #TRUMPRUSSIA. Don't worry we didn't forget.
The haters are going to hate until you specifically come out and denounce the white nationalists or whatever they're called today
We didn't NEED another martyr for THIS cause. We already have far too many! R.I.P. Heather, and condolences to all who knew and loved her.
The unfortunate evolution of this kinds of hate that starts on college campuses like Berkeley and others.  Make America safe from all racism
UR silence is confirmstion of ur REAL VIEWS!
Truth shall set  HUMANITY free!
Truth is only thing thats REAL.
CANT HIDE BEHIND FAKE NEWS !
In this era; it's a shame such occurrence can happen in USA.
How about prayers for the family of antiracism activist #HeatherHeyer who was murdered by a white supremacist? Does her live matter?
How about condemning your boss, the POTUS for refusing to disavow white supremacists? Until then, your administration is complicit
You're protecting a man who's destroying America & creating this climate of racial hatred and violence. The blood of the troopers is on him
The climate in a Trump era America is why they were on that chopper in the first place. #DonaldTrump's hands are soaked with their blood
Remind me to never go to your so called church! But I'm a white man I wouldn't be welcome anyway.wheres your hood? Shame on you !
Doug, you mean where's your hood? So called church? Really, why bc he's black? You probably couldn't get through a church door..you're evil.
Tha KS you Stephanie we need more people to stand up to ignorance like this. It's very sad in 2017 we still have this type of spirit
It's sad and scary! This is the world we are leaving for our children and it shouldn't be this way. We used to be a nation of love, unity,
Amen


Salute to the fallen....to the brave who protected us.  You'll never be forgotten.  You'll always be our heroes.
Prayers for them and their families.God bless our Law Enforcement.
So sorry RIP
@POTUS can't ask USA to unite WITH white supremacists, nazis, & bigots...he can ask us to UNITE AGAINST them. He hasn't done that. Why???
My love to the family and friends of our fallen brothers
Thank you Mr President we need to heal from this tragic incident
Heather Heyer lost her life standing against hate & bigotry. Several other victims are in critical condition.They shouldn't  be forgotten.
Trump is actively complicit until he condemns White supremacy
Trump refuses to condemn two serious threats to our country- Putin and White supremacy
He can't because Stephen Miller and Steve Bannon will get very mad.
If there were ever a doubt, this is proof that Trump has normalized and championed racism and bigotry
There was never any doubt. This was his implicit campaign promise.
Memorial tweets should mention the scourge these heroes died fighting against. Name it.  White supremacy
Romans 15:13
Now may the #God of #hope fill you with all #joy and #peace in believing, that [1/2]
It's time you prayed for the President, that he sees the light someday. His failure to publicly denounce white supremacy & Duke is appalling
The violence is on the hands of people you've encouraged with your divisive, hateful remarks. You've done nothing to discourage them. Thug.
my heart is hurting tonight ... back the blue - always BLESSINGS ETERNAL 
INVESTIGATE ALL THREATS AGAINST OUR PRESIDENT, EVEN WHEN THEY ARE ELECTED OFFICIALS. THEY BELING IN JAIL!
But most importantly, do it for her!
Her blood is on your hands!Heather Heyer, the victim of the White Supremacist Terrorist attack in #Charlottesville. We will #resist
According to Steve Bannon, my brain, only Muslim, black, gay, and poor people can be terrorists. White Supremacists NOT on list. Sorry.
Heather Heyer. Say her name and acknowledge the crime against her.
Bannon, Miller and Gorka all must go.
PaS. # 
Yes, we are heart broken.  Seems to have been a lot of political posturing for revenge done by Governor, which is wrong on any side. #MAGA
3 Years, 5 Months, 7 Days, 4 Hours, 42 Minutes, and 46 Seconds
Thanks for sending your racism from across the world. We needed more of that here & thought of importing it, but you saved the day.
He wasn't being racist, was he.
Using "mammy" in reference to a black woman is indeed racist. I can't believe I have to explain that.
I’m sure Maxine Waters can give less that two s**ts about you and what you call her. 
RIP
Wrong.. Mike being and thinking like a Democrat is the WORST kind of Racism!  They are racism personified!
"White supremacy" crap is worst kind of racism-it's EVIL and perversion of God's truth to ever think our Creator values some above others.


Racism? Is the Democrat party! Period. Wake up Mike!

I can think of thousands of reasons to hate all Democrats.
But the biggest reason i hate them is..all are Racist!
Sweet! More trump bots! 
Maybe if they were doing their job instead of standing down they would be alive
RT @SecretService: Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the families, friends &amp; colleagues of #Virginia's @VSPPIO Lt ...
May the Lord bless thee and keep thee may the Lord lift up his countenance and give thee peace

You did this. Meet Heather Heyer, the 32 year old American who lost her life standing up to white supremacists.  https://twitter.com/KaivanShroff/status/896609777144532992/photo/1pic.twitter.com/9ZRK9Tj9Ta 
Praying for her family. Can't stop crying 
The racist anti facism thugs threw rocks at this guys car and started attacking him. He was in fear of his life and trying to get away
There's VIDEO, you #TrumpTroll!No one THREW ANYTHING.He laid in wait...stalking innocent people! #TheResistance is STRONGER than YOUR HATE!
Wendy, can I have this?
SURE!!!!! Here's a few more for the odd Bot you run into...or just jerks. They work.
Oh wow! It's a goldmine, thank you!!
It sucks out in the twitter feed today. So many of them! Don't forget to clear your cache! Otherwise your twitter will slow or close.
As a 1st responder UR lack of criticism 4 Wsupremacists is insulting. U lack morals, integrity & character to stand w/1st responders.
#hawk
I have to take that.
Spread the message SISTER!
Thank you! 
Again no mention of the terrorist racism
Unfortunately there are nuts in all walks of life that want to kill. Doesn't excuse POTUS from equating white supremacists w/ counterprotest
I disagree. This country has faced tougher struggles than this and survived. Even flourished. I am afraid we're losing the climate struggle.
I disagree again.  "Pawns" indicates no will or control of your life.  You can't agree with that.  Only if you do nothing will this be true.
May God watch over them

Secret Service Stop giving your number to business or men that own Business then cheat & put in calls wrecking lives due to Guilty mind
There has to be better training.  And why not make more use of canines for POs and SS.  They distract and elicit fear and respect.
Thank you for your positive thoughts/ prayers for the family, etc. We need more comments like this that encourages togetherness and harmony.

Amen God bless

https://plus.google.com/+mauricesmithxyz2233/posts/6cYecgPADCS?_utm_source=199-1-1--TRIBUTE … TO PRINCESS MARIA AMOR BY MAURICE DWAYNE SMITH-PLZ VIEW AND TAP YOUR TOES TO MY VIBE.
arrest obama/soros who paid 25.perhr for rioters/protesters,hold them responsible for 1 death 20 injuries, look at craiglist for ad
Are your thoughts and prayers with Heather Heuer, the woman deliberately murdered by one of the White supremacists? Does her life matter?
Hey. How bout those taxes?
Hate is hate no matter the color or who's different or has different opinions right.. God says that's wrong. Bombs don't discriminate! Unite
We have to stop deep state manipulation of both sides to violence to trigger martial law to destroy our rights and nation.
POTUS : BOOT BANNON. SACK STEVEN. GET RID OF GORKA!
Dear @SecretService TY for ur duty to country 1st. Wish u didn't have to risk your lives for horrible racist @POTUS.
Yes, this clip has me in tears.
Yes, this is hard to watch.
Yes, this is 2017.…
Please cancel DACA will cause even more to self deport and ensure more Americans jobs. On DMLpoll over whelming people want it gone.
And what about the young lady that was actually in the midst of this evil?

God's children.
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
Wow.
Love your win!!  If you remember Greg Wheeler & his dad -Larry- we were immersed in your win! Clmgratz!!!!
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists? #Charlottesville #WhiteSupremacists
EXCUSE ME????????
Where are you twitler? Can you not pronounce 'white supremacist terrorist?' You can call them American nazi terrorists if you want.
You'll retweet this but you won't condemn the acts of domestic terrorism commited by white supremacists, neo Nazis and the KKK
That's the secret in the service.
@WhiteHouse @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @TeamTrump @LaraLeaTrump @washingtonpost @TheDemocrats @GOP
God bless
NOW a civilian has died. She has a name: Heather Heyer. She DIED FIGHTING NAZIS. You support Nazis even employing them in the West Wing.
2day 45' white house spokesman  condemned White supremacist VA violence TRUMP STILL REFUSES 2 CONDEMN THEM WITH HIS OWN VOICE &HE NEVER WILL
Amen May their souls Rest In Peace.
Two Brothers gone to Heaven to Regroup.Denounce violence in America all forms,Islamic,White Supremacist,Spousal n Children abuse, Animal.
Sorry your president did this to you and us
Our Nation is so hypocritical & backwards...if Hate Crimes are a Federal offense how is it that Hate Groups aren't??
Incident (protesters and believers) some people believe the statue should have stayed and some believe it should have been taken down.
So Sad, may God protect the families and our President, his family and the USA.
Who died while responding to subdue your base - a base you still have not condemned because they're your white supremacist followers.
When the NTSB report comes out it will be pilot error! Maybe a liberal state has liberal law enforcement that could use some more training!
@realDonaldTrump @VSPPIOAmerica planted terrorism, terror and murder in the world, so harvest what you planted.
Whats funny is the dude driving the car wa a libral anti  trumper
Wrong....
I agree I praying for all the Loss Love ones may the Lord comfort there heart's
But don't bother to name Heather. Despicable You.
7 months in & Trump's rhetoric has empowered an Alt-Right hate fest. Trump owns the deaths of the victims of Charlottesville incl VA police.
God Bless. RIP heroes. Thank you for your service. You will be missed. 
White power is suppose to preserve whites not kill them. Yet that is exactly what they did. Hypocrites the bunch of them.
Must investigate charlottesville mayor for complete failure to protect

That little baby grew up believing in goodness and justice and standing up to hate. Heather Heyer. Say her name. 
This was just so tragic!
President Trump is doing an amazing job after all one man can only handle so much hate .but he condemns hate and racism
Tragedy, but not from terrorism. Sure that FAA will determine the cause.
#HeatherHeyer
Pres TRUMP knows and acknowledges everyone wants a piece of the American pie he'll slice it up Law and Order,Let him.
White supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy
What a waste
Say it with me. 
White supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy white supremacy
@realDonaldTrump @VSPPIO cowardly trump* retweets other's because he can't admit HIS supporters are terrorists
Need to get the fire hoses ready went stuff starts getting violent! Terrorist liberals don't like water!
@danibostick Something Serious and You Guys Always got to do something Disrespectful!!!

Always. God Bless for all those who are in arms way
@realdonaldtrump is responsible for the death of Virginia law enforcement. Trump has incited this violence. 

ALL REPUBLICANS ARE COMPLICIT
Even though hate is glorified under POTUS his children appointed like royalty in America,
This is what makes America's flag joke
What will you punish it
#Charlottesville is about the terrorist attack.
Twing to Tweet TWUMP with Fwee advice 
U will NEVER please people 
DUH
Jesus is easy to please
THANK u 4 ur heart and service for USofALL 
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
Don't forget your apologies since YOU are responsible for this and your lack of disdain for the white supremacist shows you r one of them..
Video of rally speaker James Allsup was deleted from his youtube. Doesnt look peaceful to me. Harrassment? Battery? https://m.youtube.com/watch?sns=fb&v=dktN9fiLdVY …
You know that this is all your fault Trump?
Our hearts go out the their families and colleagues.
"Why we voted for Donald Trump": David Duke explains the white supremacist Charlottesville protests

US secret service has a twitter account re tweeted by the president...you country is so broken by popularism...
make american jewish again,...congrats

@realDonaldTrump secretly supportive of #WhiteSupremacists ?
Omg. It is generational. @realDonaldTrump father a klan member, arrested. DOJ later sued family biz-discrimination/blacks #Charolettesville https://twitter.com/NicolleDWallace/status/896972395415613440 …
#FireBannon#FireBannon#FireBannon#FireBannon#FireBannon
IF THEY HADN'T BEEN CALLED OUT TO KEEP AN EYE ON THE RACIST.........
It saddens our heart with all this! We send our prayers to all the families and pray for peace
I'm sorry for the lives lost. But President if they got medical care like congress and Senate they would be better.
What's the problem?!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Heather Heyer, who was assassinated. Don't forget her.
Daily Stormed thanked u earlier today for 0 Nazi condemnation on #Charloettesville https://t.co/XcQ1HjVQDE?amp=1
y
God rest your  soul and Salute!!!!
Probably the only one you really care about losing life.
You meant what you said? it looked like someone was holding a gun to your head...tell me is it as easy 4 u 2 lie as it is 4 u 2 breathe?

Bless you our Trusted Public Servants.  Many blessings.
OK, what about finding who paid out all the Money for this to happen ??????
. Soros.
Then tell the President fund orgs to combat white extremism.
USA has enough terrorist's living in USA. But you guys keep search for terrorist's in middle east.
. DOESN'T MATTER WHAT SIDE YOU ARE ON .. THE POINT IS YOUR DIVIDED.. #Resist
No thoughts and prayers for Heather... Murdered by one of your hateful Neo-Nazi,  KKK,  White Supremacists? #Impeach45 #RussianTool
