I heard that the Russians asked for it and he said he would have to see if that would be something they should do.
It's a distraction. The far left is trying 2 distract against the real truth & news that needs attention. They've all got something to hide
Just the opposite. We lost our position today as a world leader. We aligned our selves on climate change with Syria and Nicaragua.
You are just repeating the propaganda that you are hearing.
It's amazing how many are brainwashed that can't think for themselves. I agree with Mona but then again we think for ourselves
RT @foxandfriends: Jared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting, source says https://t.co/nF6b...
Trump destroyed Climate advancement. His decision will cost America many jobs and destroy a climate industry that would of created jobs.
You're complicit in #TrumpTreason - it's been fun watching advertisers abandon you though.
Still the most watched!
Sure is! Paranoid people need their safe space after all, and it's the only place those snowflakes don't have to deal with reality
Almost funny!
Let me guess- his Russian handlers did
Good try
Lets see what the tapes say
Hahahahahahahaha
Funny, this is the ONLY legit source carrying the story.
OMG you use "sources" too? I am definitely skeptical
The only reason this is plausible is because this meeting was about securing money promised from sale of #Rosneft
Judge Jeanine is not a source. Neither is Judge Napoliatano, nor Judge Reinhold.
Why did Kushner meet with a Russian banker? Hmmm? Why? I have a 19.5% feeling
At least he didn't sell them uranium and promise "flexibility"

Troll
Fox is just as guilty as the Trump administration. They too could be charged with treason.
Good one. Nope. I believe our Intel services & those of our allies who recorded this.
actually the article DOES state that ONE back channel was requested...so the article confirms it!
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF+
What's the name of the source? If the source isn't named, it's fake news! Isn't that what you tweeted just a few days ago? Hypocrisy. Sad.
didnt you just say anything with sources is fake news
This fake news is brought to you by Fox Entertainment sponsored by Donald J Trump. The FBI knows Kushner acted per Trumps directions
An unnamed source? I thought, per the presidential tweet from the other day, unnamed sources weren't to be trusted?
Enough propaganda already! You won't arrest O'Bama, Bill or Hillary for their crimes, but you're going after Pres Trump & his family????
#TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump IdiotPresident #RussiaGate
Hmmm, what was it that trump JUST said about "sources"?
Also over the weekend Trump bought almost 5 million bot accts & blocked thousands of verified accounts tha've negatively rebutted his tweets
Smart man.  Don't remember Obama being disrespect by conservatives like this
Oh yes he did. 
So we're just supposed 2 4get U said "sources" don't exist.. are fake news", and...trust U & Fox cause U don't lie & they don't lie 4 U,huh?
Here we go again with a "coward source". Sorry Foxnews there isn't more of a huge scandal for you
One nut job insisted BHO wasn't born in US for 8 yrs. What did O do? He rose above it and worked for Americans. You might want to try it.
This's all fake news Lies,they specially put this fake news about kushner in d long holiday weekend,Dems &fake news, stop your dirty game.
LMFAO Of course this little weasel did.. Nepotism has NO PLACE IN OUR WHITE HOUSE!! #JaredKushner GO AWAY!!
Wow. we can have a song  called dueling sources.
You guys already got caught spreading fake news. Right @seanhannity #fakenews #fakereporter
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews 
Ha!!! 
FoxNews Fox&friends, DonT
Thank you! 
You and your boss is also innocent, in YOUR opinion!
Exodus 23:25
“So you shall serve the Lord your God, and He will bless your bread and your water. And I [1/2]
will take sickness away from the midst of you. [2/2]
You're a hypocrite
I thought we weren't supposed to trust anonymously sourced articles.
And yet...you do.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews The NSA admitted to hacking the DNC because Hillary couldn't be trusted
why hasn't anyone pointed this out
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews You said....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers
lets see what the tape says donald 
and fox news is not news at all 
it is = RT in ur homeland 
bullshit propaganda 

ur whole family - shit
your move potus! 
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
Showing a woman who posed naked in photos. WWJD?
Yeah, it was daddy's.
Didn't Trump say that "sources say" is fake news?
You and your family are done. You are active Russian agents. You will be flushed out like turds you are.


An unnamed source. By POTUS' definition, that must be FAKE NEWS. 
When will the msm be held responsible for pushing propagandas and fake news to destroy our President?
.@realDonaldTrump in only two days. You don't need any comment for so much idiocy.
Trump is working on his insanity defense.
FAKE NEWS! "Source says" @POTUS WARNED US ABOUT ANONYMOUS SOURCES. FAKE NEWS!!! FAKE FAKE FAKE!!!
Funny tho. If @washingtonpost @nytimes uses 'sources' its bible. @foxandfriends uses sources and all hell breaks loose.  #TuesdayMotivation
Your president said any stories w/"sources" are fake news.so that's why. Gotta keep up.
Anonymous source. Lol! 
Here's a photo of that source 
Who's your source?
Didn't say that anonymous sources were equivalent to fake news?
I don't think logic is your strongest suit, man.
You're jealous. U can't tie his shoestrings.
But unnamed sources aren't credible, you said...

Of all evil?
Definitely!
Bitch didn't you just tell us to not trust anonymous sources like yesterday?
So, I have a question to k Thor and all these ppl, why do you stock President Trump? Of you hate him so much why aren't you working?
"stock"
"stock" is the Russian translation
Stalk. See my smart phone auto changes the spelling hmmm.  Maybe my phone is Russian roflmao
Yep, it is, country code 7 cell phone according to Twitter
Ooh yay.  Back channels. Love it.  Here is a back message to you dems.  Get a life, get a job, respect America election is over
Interestingly, we believe we are respecting America by pointing out the compete lack of logic and misdirection from POTUS et al
jared got caught talking sanctions with/Russians. As a civilian that is an ACT OF TREASON w/penalty of JAIL.Chris cristy should prosecute!
"Sources"
Unidentified sources are right when DT states them but fake when great investigative journalists write articles using several top sources.
Did you say great investigative journalists? Are you kidding me? They haven't investigated a freaking thing. They're all leaks
He's being investigated by The Senate, The FBI +Special Prosecutor. He's become so fat, he rode in a golf cart while European leaders walked
You continue with the snowflake tweets all I can say prepare for a blizzard in D.C.
keep trying you're not far and balanced anymore they might believe you

Travis Nichols is tweeting his final Treason Tweets against POTUS.  He will soon be blocked.
“To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong,...
Is pure BS
I guess buddy boy Jared changed his mind today.  ROFL!
Fake news.
Lol...Fox? None of those idiots would know actual news if it slapped them in the face
This is worse than bogus Russian back channels  @foxandfriends @Rockprincess818
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews you complain about fake news and retweet FOX??!!  The irony is off the hook.
The only #FakeNews We have to Fear is coming from the #FakePresident Himself

#JaredLied
#Trumprussia
#backchannel
#AnonymousSources
#Hahaha
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Everyone knows that Fox News will defend Trump at any length.  Unfair and unbalanced is more the slogan.  It's rare ever you will criticize.
Sources? 
Just another example of bad reporting making things sound criminal when the real criminals are getting away with murder!    Seth Rich
What source donnie? Unnamed is a fake news story...your words, not mine.  Oh yeah and nobody who's smart believes fox news anyways.
What source?  Isn't it fake news if you don't cite your sources?
"Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names...." @realDonaldTrump
Must be fake news when it reads "source says" right?? That's what you've said before. Oh wait, that's right, the truth doesn't apply to you
Between what FoxNews says and the FBI/Intel Community, I'll believe the FBI any day.
Have they ever retracted a story when proven wrong, or do they just keep on rolling?
What sources Donnie? Hmmm fake news
Oh Fox, Fox, Fox...playing to your audience of the uneducated. The ppl Trump loves so much.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews oh so sources are reliable when they are saying what you want?
TRUMP NEEDS TO FOCUS ON OUR INFRASTRUCTURE NOW!! )))))))))))))))
Ah, Faux News at it again.
Hilarious that @realDonaldTrump retweets this after kicking off about anonymous "sources" ...
Is that a real "source"or @IvankaTrump?
Most of us don't believe a word you say, Trump and with good reason. We know you lie about anything and everything!
#IsTrumpACokeAddict ?
Keep the tweets coming - I’m a burgeoning scatologist
An unnamed source said this??? Were you the unnamed source, sir?
No longer believe anyone.Those who have ant self respect should resign. We'll treat them like freed  hostages & get them deprogramming help.
no, he demanded it.
you following the trend of "sources says" haha
@realDonaldTrump then your son in law won't mind telling congress & the public all about it.
FAKE NEWS!!!!
#FakeNews  #UndistilledUnmitigatedBullshit  #GOPSnowflakes  Sad!
IMPEACH TRUMP!!!!!!       OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE! TREASON!You can't fire the person investigating you. This still isn't Russia!!
Consider the source, folks (fox & friends - no friends of mine; I hate liars).'
Like my ol buddy Gohmer Pile used to say, surprise, surprise surprise.
Source Says = Fake News #covefefe
The source has now been named. #covfefe.
@realDonaldTrump Setting aside your hypocrisy over unnamed sources, this Fox, which means it's 98% certain to be BS. You are 100% BS
But he did suggest it...even if Fox is using un-named sources (which #Trump has stated the tactic as being related to fake news). #cake
Of course we are to believe #FoxNews over every other Media Outlet. Nice try though.
Fox is FAKE NEWS!!
Fox was busted twice this month for pushing fake stories...
Aaaah Fox is to Trump as RT is to Putin...sources say...
The media is wrong and against you but you retweet their stories...
Fake news! Sad!
Trump pays you for info soooooo.....
Who is the president?
Start lawsuits against networks for false information, accountability for lies
Bogus report.  No sources noted.  Made up!  #FAKENEWS
Again, you talk about "fake news" and then use Fox as a source...Contradictory much?
According to TRUMP un-named sources are FAKE NEWS
Said by the ENTERTAINMENT channel that can't keep it's clients because of their terrible human resources job! 
JARED AS YOU KNOW IS A SIMPLETON. HE CAN'T EVEN READ PROPERLY. HE LOST A BILLION DOLLARS IN HIS FAMILY BUSINESS. TANKED THE NY OBSERVER. WTF
No Donnie, you did
So only one news Network known for its biased lies agrees with you.
And we should believe this because it comes from fox huh. Nice try but I don't drink the trump koolaid. Educated Americans know better.
Unnamed Source? #hypocrite
Ifnore!  This us unsourced or Fake News.
Right... he suggested covert communications. There is a difference. Call it TREASON.
So you are now confirming the meeting took place?  Hey, thanks!
#lawyerup
An anonymous "source" no less, and only one! Who was it, KellyAnne?
http://strangworlds.com/trump-family-gallery …
An unnamed source? Doesnt unnamed source = fake news? #itsonlyfakewhenDJTdoesntlikeit
Fake news? Alternate facts? factless?
Ah, the old @FoxNews fake news "source"....reminds me of their use of bullshit "some say", or "people are saying".
Flynn didn't register as a foreign agent.  Federal Crime.  SOurces say.  Source - DOJ
Was it not Hillary Clinton with the stupid reset button and Obama "after I am elected .."  & invited the RUSSIANS
Sources? Just some made up shit to deflect. The whole #tRump clan has ties to Moscow and #putin.
What the "source" actually said: 

covfefe
Young guy; common sense missing immature
A lie from the lying liars that perpetrate them. Fake and sad.

As if I would believe ANYTHING that FOX reports  The biggest purveyor of fake news in the US!
Was this a new source or a #Covfefe? If it's #Covfefe we'll need docovfefes to confirm! I swear I didn't make this up. #Covfefe is REAL!
Fox News = #fakenews
Your source needs to be switched from Donny because he's a proven liar and #nationalembarrassment
Soooo.... did he commit Treason off his own back then?
Just more lies from you & your friends.
"Source says" lmao
"Source says"
Sooooo now you are saying this is real news?!?
FOX = FAKE NEWS
His source: Who the "Confefe" knows!!!
@realDonaldTrump Trump ranted about unknown sources as his reason for saying FAKE NEWS then retweets news from unknown sources. Hypocrite
Who cares? All your supporters and many of your detractors know this Russian thing is a load of baloney. Excuse my french but f' em Mr Pres!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
LOOK!! UNNAMED SOURCES.  MUST BE FAKE NEWS.  THEY WON'T NAME THEIR SOURCES BECAUSE THERE AREN'T ANY.  BETTER CHECK FOR LEAKS TERRIBLE
Right.... and another source says he did...fox news terrible anymore. Back to real stories fox ratings are abysmal for a reason
Oh, well FOX said it must be true.  Pffft.
Who's your "source?" @realDonaldTrump or @jaredkushner ?
Maybe, maybe not!  But he knew it was wrong so he lied on his paperwork. A felony!
Right. You did.
Like you'd tell the truth if it implicated you or family? Give me a break! You don't set up Diplomacy talks BEFORE you win.And lie about it
Who was the source?
LMAO opens article, reads two paragraphs down. So they spoke about it, but it wasn't his suggestion, riveting reporting here.
With respect Mr #Trump you are citing an unnamed source, which is something you have railed against for weeks. Very hypocritical.
Donald presidential powers do not include making up new words...
didn't you say that when they say 'source' without a name, it's fake news?
Kushner has had his head up Russian Mob ass for years!  Wake up America  You voted in a bunch of fucking Nazis!
