
... Thx for the laugh!

#ITMFA
Oh and my country is doing just fine thx.
No it's not you have illegals coming in you're going to be turned into a Muslim Nation soon
Muslims are more than welcome in !
If they run from your idiot in chief, they are refugees! 
Travel a bit, go back to school maybe ?
Good luck with that!
No luck needed when you really understand those concepts : humanity, kindness, welcoming the difference, freedom of religion & speech.
# 
Oh, by the way? Putin is still scheming. Remember this tweet? 
And while Puerto Rico is dying you are golfing with taxpayers dollars! You need to resign now?
The thread is crawling with bots!
I have never seen bots so triggered! It's unreal. Block heaven 
It's almost impossible to have a meaningful conversation with all these bots, very discouraging.
They just rant and abuse 
And worship! Ugh!!
Cult 45. Sadly manipulated
Tom Price resigned..now us taxpayers would like our million bucks back!
#TomPriceisaThug
#Resist
They are screaming about Price’s 1 mil for flights. How about the 3 Mil for Trump to go golf every weekend?
It didn't bother u wen obama did it! Or wen Michelle did it on a separate plane, sometimes while goin 2 same place as husband!
Try watching some real news..It probably wouldn't matter..your hate filled heart is showing. 
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Funny how I agree with you and you turn around and attack me!! Who’s hate is showing???
Dale I wasn't posting to you. Sorry.
Ok. Thanks.
Everything you say is a lie, the truth is nowhere near you!  Only the foolish believe the dog feces that comes out your mouth!
JFK said it best: Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country! President Trump personifies this mantra every single day! #MAGA
STFU bot.
A manufacturer reporting “record high optimism” is the same thing as me buying a lotto ticket and being convinced that this is THE ONE!
#optimisim
bla bla bla
#American #geodes, from #Indiana, are as American "as apple pie." #MadeInAmerica
LMAO! You fool!
I guess you worked so hard this week oh my you must go back to the golf course in New Jersey again at the cost of what
Stop fucking up literally everything else and you'll be good
Record high optimism? Look at your polls lately?
You are doing a great job in America Donald. Salutes and admiration from Catalonia.
Ty POTUS 44!!!!

Awesome
No thanks to you. We're still on Obama's Budget and policies. Nice try though. 
Hey.. Every hear of #PuertoRico ? #maria45
We care about PEOPLE! NOT BUSINESS!
Tom Price is gone. 
Another douchebag down.
Rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic serves more purpose than the Trump administration.
The ship is sinking! Another one bites the dust!.
We live in 1930s Nazi Germany where Mein Fuhrer just throws out propaganda on daily basis.  Imagine how dangerous Hitler would be w Twitter?
how many jobs did this tweet create? I'm going to guess 0. Why don't you do something productive? #RESIST
Not keeping the focus on the dire situation in P.R. is tantamount to genocide!  You need to disappear from this planet.
u doing a grt job but address the racial issue, think that's ur only setback ( Its a BIG one)
if I have to score u I'll say RUSSIA =100%, NK=99%,CHINA=100%, JOBS=60%, RACISM=4% TWEETS=110%
Working hard for America
Said everyone except Trump's propaganda machine #FauxNews
And you watch too little bud. 
Yeah...I'm not a bud, I'm a rose. And I find the overuse of emojis annoying. 
#PuertoRico needs fuel and personnel to help with the humanitarian crisis happening NOW... where is a president who will #DOsomething
#PuertoRicoRelief #trumpfailing
Still waiting for an answer.



This is the monster who is killing people in Puerto Rico. A real leader would have said that they screwed up but a racist sociopath will not
The question now is who will the Idiot-In-Chief blame for his Puerto Rico screw up? Delusional Trump thinks he never does anything wrong.

Love it!!
Please stop lying to your supporters. Manufacturing is dead, information is king. Big difference between optimism and actual jobs.

Never forget the lives that
were stolen from us at the
 World Trade Center 

…

UNLIKE @KAEPERNICK7

I HAVE AN EXCUSE FOR
NOT STANDING  

…

#BoycottNFL @NFL 
#BoycottNFLSponsors

@realDonaldTrump  
*Munchkin* & Pruny Pruitt need to resign too! or B fired!
Good riddance to abusive Price~he should never have been hired @POTUS~shame on U!
Many have to resign! Need to  drain the swamp that is led by Trump!  We should   Start with Trump and then they will  all follow!
Are you even aware people are dead in Puerto Rico because of your incompetence? I hope that can sink into you pea brain at some point!
What is there to be optimistic about? Did you tell them you are resigning?





45 is the biggest celebrity Hollywood has.  What a joke.

Lol, won't EVER happen. Find your safe place snowflakes, ride the wave
Not going to start a storm with anyone, "debris, solid waste" Tru dat home boy
That's for sure  miss soCal. Born in Fullerton. Bro is in San Francisco. So surrounded by snowflakes this time of year.
What Do you make in America??

Oh yes,...
Hate
Racism
Russian Collusion
Lies
Incompetence
Taxpayer Theft

Nothing of value to Americans
It's great to see a President who cares about the American worker and has national pride.
Waaaa hahaha!
The One you are speaking of finished his term January 20th, 2017!
Are you sleeping? Do you want to be continued import and give work to mexican? With Trump work american people. Svegliati
Are you kidding, the Mexicans do jobs Americans refuse to do and they do it well. They aren’t taking anything you’re looking to do!
we do not say schemings! Mexicans are underpaid than Americans and multinationals enjoy. Trump is only president that STOP this shit!
Can’t understand what you are saying here!  We do not say schemings what is that?  Besides that last ridiculous sentence about the Dotard!
Thank God Obama and his family is out of our Whitehouse.
Great
ur the best !!!
Mueller.
What do you honestly expect to come out of the Mueller situation? What wrong doing has taken place, in your opinion?
Still not your doing, Donny boy.

#ITMFA #MuellerTime #Resist

Thank you Mr President
like one huge advertisement w an ugly orange haired pervert in middle...youre right not fake news.
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron

Typical black man sitting on ass waiting for handout and to bite hand offering help. Lib voter profile in "action!" ROFLAO
Thank You President Obama!
Where is your outrage about the disrespectful use of the flag in this photo?
Va chier
President trump it would be a mistake not to support the Kurds we need to support the Kurds
Maybe your family should manufacture something here? Besides treason and bulls***!




I've tried it....impossible!
I doubt it 

We are not optimistic about anything since you became the fake president.
Employment is up
US pride is up
Illegals running scared
ISIS is scared
NK is scared(almost )
Wall is in the works
10/10 FLOTUS
Ignorance is up too.
#Winning! 
we will never lose
No.  We won't!  Because winners never quit and quitters never win!  #TrumpTrain is #RoCkInG!  We will #NeverGiveUp!  #TrumpPence2020
Godness, what are you smoking? New glasses?

STFU you make people sick... You need to be in a nursing home... Your declining ratings show other wise..
Finally, you can tell your gullible voters you were actually in Nam...
#heelspurs
Puerto Rico update: people still dying;, cholera danger present. Still no safe water. Happy golfing!
It's like this is "Opposite" Potus. Whatever he says, automatically I know the opposite is true!!!!!!!! 100% thus far
Must be in California lol how's that sanctuary working for you?
So glad all Trump Manufacturing is moving to US and hiring US workers.
Dawa ya kuondoa ubaguzi nchi marekan imepatikan tz inaitwa #Halelujah @diamondplatnumz
Is that why we have the TRUMP SWAMP wasting OUR TAXPAYER DOLLARS ON FRIVILOUS UNNECCESARY SPENDING? JUST WRONG. THE MIL PRICE SPENT TO PR?
My name in Noah Kim.
God calls me Noah.
Matthew24:37~39
We prepare to Jesus' Coming
And Our Rapture.
Our Mission
Operation World.
Lies roll off your tongue like water over Niagara falls.
Nothing coming out of your mouth is actual truth, if you're not spinning it, you're flat out lying. YOU ARE A JOKE THATS ABOUT TO BE TOSSED.
Thank you @BarackObama
Have fun golfing while Puerto Rico suffers. Jackass.
Employment up
Illegals running scared
ISIS is scared
NK is scared(almost)
10/10 FLOTUS

time earned! 
Thank you Mr. Trump
Recessions always hit shortly after record high optimism, and we’re overdue for a recession
Long time anti union group.
Liar in chief
Considering you have not passed a gosh darn thing. These victory laps your taking are just making you a bigger laughing stock!!
Cold comfort for Puerto Rico-You are a miserable excuse for a President. Make Puerto Rico Great Again.
We are especially thankful for your leadership Mr trump your the best
San Juan mayor : "I cannot fathom the thought that the greatest nation in the world cannot figure out the logistics for a small island
How long before the bubble bursts?
Get aid to suffering babies in Puerto Rico you f'd u dotard .
TY OBAMA !!!!!
THANKS Obama...Trump you haven't done a single thing since becoming president!!! LOSER!
You know what? Send FEMA to PR. Don't go. You're not welcome there .
FEMA as been down there!!  STOP  Watching FAKE news!!

Of course optimism is... there is still some loot.
Just think how much we would grow and prosper with a little cooperation from the left
Everything’s a record high the likes which have never been seen before let me tell you that. Your the president not the king. Realize that
SORRY BUT YOUR PRESENCE IS NOT WHY MANUFACTURERS ARE BRINGING PLANTS BACK.  STRATEGIC DECISIONS WHERE IN THE WORKS BACK IN 2015. TKS OBAMA

Great news!
You can measure optimism? Using numbers and math?  As in a scale of 1 to 10, how optimistic r u?  #DotardTrump
Have  a great golf weekend!
@HARRISFAULKNER @OutnumberedFNC  Make American Gay again !  “Will and Grace” making fun of my president#Outnumbered
Yes I agree
Trump tax plan for 'average Americans' would mainly help richest 1%, study finds

But what about the workers.
They're only optimistic because Mueller is on your case. #ImpeachTrump
Yes, they're salivating at the thought of your tax plan, which gives 8 of 10 bucks in tax cuts to them and their cronies.
And are you on the golf course now
Can't take optimism to the bank. Sad!
Obama saved the US automobile industry!
Your words are empty.
#AmericaFirst except when it comes to Russian-American relations.
This is in Puerto Rico my people need help badly!!!

Stop buying protectionist American world!
Dont let Kurdistan down
Oh yea..... you can take full credit right?
@POTUS @WhiteHouse U.S. citizens are dying in #PuertoRico, and it is on your hands. Fix this crisis now!
sickeningfuck patting yourself on the back for doing nothing while people are dying, starving, laying round dead and unfound in Puerto Rico.
How, exactly, do you quantify optimism? What makes it "record-high"? Are you comparing it to the Edsel?
If so
Hoped you enjoyed all aspects of it.
Did u get tweet just now ur friend Rich?

If you think we are optimistic you are bigly mistaken.....
Nothing will ever stop going up!
Puerto Rico 
#fakenews  just cause someone told you there's record high optimism does not mean it is true throughout the country.
Meanwhile in the real world where fantasy football is a distraction from work ...
U were elected due to russians & a justice official 8 days prior 2 election.  What does one do when justice IS THE SOURCE of INJUSTICE?
What about American citizens in Puerto Rico??????
I really miss Eugene MD dude. I guess he got sick of me correcting his BS against Trump. Too many can't accept that Trump is doing well MAGA
https://youtu.be/KQ35xjZIuHM 
How about you manufacture some #PuertoRicoRelief people are DYING!!!
#FAILUREOFLEADERSHIP
#FAILUREOFLEADERSHIP
#FAILUREOFLEADERSHIP
#FAILUREOFLEADERSHIP
#FAILUREOFLEADERSHIP
#FAILUREOFLEADERSH
Can we not air drop supplies to the people in PR?   Can't we do more and do it faster?
You need new meds, dude. People are dying on Puerto Rico while you take your ass golfing???? Have you heard Mayor Cruz's plea for help??
No thinks to you Donald.
Still trying to pretend you're doing a "great job"
tax reform has nothing to do about how great things are...just a good time to take back all the advances in the middle class
The US Flag code stop disrespecting the flag!
Thank you Trump we're seeing the positive effects of your presidency up here in Washington State
HAHAHAHAHAHA! Right. You outsourced all your stuff. Help the US. LEAD BY EXAMPLE!
#winning
BULLSHIT DONNY!  STOP GOLFING NOW AND GO TO PUERTO RICO TODAY!  BRING YOUR PRIVATE PLANE AND FILL IT WITH FOOD AND SUPPLIES! TUESDAY IS LATE
I'm sure this is the only factual thing you can say is, you have lost the most cabinet members  in first 9 months than any pres. In history
We don't want another RUSSIAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE!!! Certainly not heading her DOJ department! You have no decency in your bones!!

San Juan Mayor, @CarmenYulinCruz: "We are dying...and you are killing us with your inefficiency and bureaucracy." 
Thanks President Obama!
American citizens report RECORD LOW optimism in 2017.
You confirmed Price’s resignation over this travelgate scandal while getting off Air Farce 1 for another weekend of golf ?  You are f.up. 
@realDonaldTrump is always about supporting big business. His support for the individual citizenry is sorely inadequate.
More jobs were created in Obama's last six months than Trump's first six. So far, good for Wall Street, his friends, bad for America.
Sir hm teachers ki life safe but narendra modi attempt to sucide but 172000 teachers on road my family is problems.
Excellent news! You referring to the Chinese manufacturers who make all your Trump brands?
How about helping Puerto Rico !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Puerto Rico!!!!!
Let's see how hard he tries to deflect frm his corrupt administration like Tom Price who resigned today after being caught 4 priv jet travel
Same week:
- Must cut $1 trillion from Medicaid because of deficit!
- Must pass tax cuts for wealthy/corps ADDING $1.5 trillion to deficit!
Barking news!!!!!!! The fake hair is lying again see his tweet!!!I’m sure true believer do believe but the truth????
Puerto Rico.
Really .. you’ve had absolutely nothing to do with that. zero ,zilch,nada..name one policy you’ve put in place that has affected ..optimism
Do you have anything else to report on other than what business and money making companies are gonna have and how well they Can make money
Mayor of San Juan only wants the basics...not small talk
#ImpeachTrump
#45 please stop the businessman hogwash you ain't no president show us by helping Puerto Rico not back talking about alligators in a swamp
He is
