Woooo
Like your clothing lines? Ivanka and Jared seem fond of China. #WalkTheWalk

But remember what Trumpster campaigned on "I alone can fix it"..soooo, another lie, we aren't winning yet!!
and please explain what we need to rebuild?
Hypocrite lol
#DACA #Dreamers are part of that AMERICAN family. And you have betrayed them cruelly.
good
America hates your SAD ass
You don't speak for America
Well, you set a piss-poor example yourself, doncha Donnie Little Fingers.
Start with your company first!

#USAstrong 

my wife left me
Yay?
The more the American worker makes; the more the government takes. That is how congress can raise their wage n cut welfare programs
American Horror Story: Cult.
Yeah boi
Taking initiation from a True Saint a devotee can get rid of all these sufferings.
#Saint_Rampal_Ji
#Great_Chyren
#AlertaSismica
A person who earns too much or sleep less can never think of doing Bhakti.
#كلمه_لقلب_يحبك
And that's why you hire foreign workers at your properties, eh? cheap racist traitor. Keep spinning your lies. Mueller is coming for you.
And how kicking out young people who only knew America and are identifying themselves as Americans is going to accomplish that exactly?
Perhaps you should start with your own company
And when Irma destroys all your properties, you going to be hiring undocumented workers again? I'm all for #DACA - I'm NOT for hypocrisy.
Lol! Stupid leftists

We are all ONE AMERICAN FAMILY (except yours, they're dependent on dirty Russian money and cheap overseas labor). #FamilyOfGrifters
Say America again.
And marry AMERICAN wives! 
Stop tweeting!
#NiceTryTrump
You will ruin this country,
#NiceTryTrump
Your 80's tax breaks will cause a recession.
#NiceTryTrump
You mean the tax breaks that Obama does that the clintons do don't make pretend they're not in the same class and never did the same
The clintons were broke and been in politics all their lives now worth 250 million where does it get that money from jerk off
You first hypocrite
Why don't you and your family of grifters start by leading by example. #hypocrite

Does it include equal pay for equal work? Or slave wages you aka Hypocrite in Chief and your #complicit greedy family prefer? #hypocrite
Said the hypocrite who does not buy or hire America.

Just stop all of your madness.
So @IvankaTrump will start by moving her company ops here?
Stop talking about matters you know nothing about. The  people know the reality.Your companies r making while the average is starving.
The Rolling Stones said it best Drumpf. You Can't Always Get What You Want. Especially you. 
https://youtu.be/gAO8OMg99qQ 
You used Mother Teresa, "prayer"now agreeing  with the no nothing Democrats like you call them won't help your ratings either. Just #Resign.
ALL GREAT IDEAS! THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT! You are ALWAYS our BEST CHEERLEADER! Your LOVE of our Country is WONDERFUL to see. YOU MAGA!!
Yeah...and... policies?

A picture is worth a thousand words... or at least 140 characters of Trump hogwash.
"Having a low minimum wage is not a bad thing for this country." - Donald Trump, during an August 2015 MSNBC interview.
The Donald stiffed contractors and got a tax break out of it. Clearly, he doesn't care about American workers.
If Trump wants to help rebuild US cities & towns, he can stop pandering to his base with the wall fantasy, work with Dems on infrastructure.
Dems won't work w/him on anything. Build the Wall!
That's funny because,they just made a deal with him in the oval office today to raise the debt ceiling Repugs have majority can't pass shit.
Kicking a million hardworking people out of America is not how you rebuild.
If you want to hire and grow in America, why are there so many Trump businesses overseas?
Maybe because that's where the business is? Maybe?

Great memes!
Wish I had made them.  I just save em and pass em on. 
Make it easier for the DACA kids to become Americans Sir. They need to be a part of your dream. There is room 4 everyone in Trumps America.
No there isn't.  Open borders is the globalist plan.  We have 340 million.  Where does it stop?  How many more? Who is next? Everyone?
Jack Everyone would probably be the globalist agenda. Right now I'm fighting 4 my caregivers whose parents broke the law not them.
I worry that the Globalists pit us against 1another while getting richer. I want an America without Red Tape. Entitlements to immigration.
So just open the borders and let people pour in.  Then we can all be uniformly poor and uneducated.  Didn't go so well in France, Sweden.
Jack What would your solution be. I know what you don't wan. How would you solve immigration?
Take care of America.  Stop enabling others to be irresponsible, welfare, like open borders creates coddled useless peeps dependent on me.
Jack I'm a useless person by that definition as the disability I paid into covers my medical. Are you saying the system should let me die?
Again, are you announcing that all Trump products will be made in the US? And you will hire Americans, not import labor?
what the coal industry that pollutes our planet....learn something about climate change, will you?
It would help if you set an example by buying American steel and hotel furnishings instead of buying from China an other nations.
Way to go - keep leading Mr. President!
Haha good one. The sarcasm is strong with this one.
Why are your  products  made in China then
ok boss man go do something like u built trump corporation make the u.s proud

Will you bring your businesses back to the USA an stop hiring people that you need to get work visa an only hire American people
Nice to know what you want Donny. Too bad you don't know how to achieve it.
H-1 Visa holders are responsible for jobless Americans.
This category of Visas is 100% is abused by IT companies.
Still waiting for tRump products to be made in America. 

Yet GOP keeps denying min wage increases, wage equity, affordable healthcare, wants to destroy ssa & medicare, educational system, etc
Raise wages? I'll believe it when I see it.  Trickle down theory DOES NOT WORK! It's how Reagan created the wage inequality we have now.
Missouri lowered their minimum wage
You are so right. God bless you Mr President.
Haha good one. You know his own businesses are built on chinese manufacturing and immigrant labour, right?
Wow. Let's all pull together to help our president succeed.
Does this mean u & ur family are going 2 bring ur business back 2 America?? Such a hypocrite
I take it that the Trump family businesses will be returning their manufacturing to the US as Well? And hiring Americans?
When wages go up so dose the cast of living
Will u begin with your own companies? Your merchandise is made overseas. Practice what u preach.
You are a traitor to all of us who believed in and voted for.  All Republicans all shallow chickens who don't care for American CITIZENS.
You who cheated moved all your factory stuff over to China Inn probably here in a lot of money offshore you are just so sad
Put your money where your mouth is. Stop making your own products in China, Mexico, and other non-US locations.
You better not give nearly a million illegals amnesty!!!!! @realDonaldTrump
u can start by bringing back your and daughter wifes ivanka's companies and hiring American workers hypocrite
Thank You! I'm a mill workers wife & the past 8yrs hurt so bad!! Love the new POTUS!! #mypresident
What has he done to make things better for you? He promises the world, then delivers nothing!
They've rehired 1000 employees that were laid off during Obama's administration & USSteel is on the rise again, bonuses were given out again
Glad ONE company is doing better! Hope it continues to get better for you.
Bring trump jobs to the USA
.@POTUS jobs plan will cost China Trillions & it's about time we start winning again Build here Hire here Buy here MAGA
How many foreign workers have you used at Trump resorts?
For all you do Mr President...
Thank you !!  #AMERICAFIRST
Lol good one. You know his own businesses are built on chinese manufacturing and immigrant labour, right?

legalize marijuana nationally like you promised. Minnesota medical plan sucks
I'll believe it when I see the wall, or Ocare repeal, Comey Hillary Rice Obama investigation. Something.
I personally find it dificult to consider reading some sort of sweat equity, but do so if necessary - just read
Practice what you preach sir
Corporate doesn't want to increase salaries, all money going to investors on Wall Street, destroying consumerism, the basis of our economy.
One slight overlooked point of these tax plans, it doesn't help raise wages except for the very wealthy. We need real wage increases 1st!
Yes, well said Mr. President. We are with you 100 percent.
But not the minimum wage - that would be socialist
Your policies ensure that the only customers will be over seas. Not much incentive to invest here is it?
Then establish a federal minimum wage of $15/hour. The time is now for all workers to have a living wage. Words are cheap.
Giving it all to the mexicans
Shut Up Donald Trump
Z Srmwe
No DACA
MAGA with Americans
Be sure to remind them you plan on cutting overtime pay
I Will Design Clickable HTML Email Signature. If anyone wants this signature, please feel free contact me.
#DrWho13

Amen!
Lets go then...infrastructure, tax reform-let's go!
No wages have gone up, and they will NOT because of tax cuts.  The rich are greedy.
Ryan & McConnell do not support our MAGA Agenda! Call them out, expose them, defeat them!
I am an American, do not try to be one of my "family members because it will NEVER happen.
If you want to raise wages for us working losers, then why are @GOP states cutting minimum wage for workers?
Explain that, you dolt.
Like MJ said, talk to the man in the mirror!
THIS IS SO DISGUSTING
Love you President Trump!
My American town is all good 100% stay out
By "our", you mean every company that isn't associated with a Trump, right? #hypocrite #loser #liar #sad @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
okay again when are your families factories going to come back to the usa.
Which is why U & @IvankaTrump get your stuff made overseas? Hypocrite.
Sooooooo that means all of your companies and your families companies are coming back to America? Live by example
#hotshot driver here. Bring on the Work in our #refineries
The ugliest monstrosity viewable...and then there is that backdrop...
How does refusing to raise the minimum wage help raise worker's salaries?

Why don't you start with your own companies?
Then Y Dont U Make Any of Ur Shitty TRUMP PRODUCTS in #USA?
How Do U Walk the Walk Donald? O yah, on a GOLF CART w a piece of cake!
LIAR!
Does that mean you and your daughter are going to pull your manufacturing out of China? #hypocrite #pleasedaddy
Thank You President Trump, my heart has love for you as a human Bing:)
Bing is ok. Being is not.
Are you and Ivanka eliminating all or as much product made overseas from your merchandise sales, and construction projects? Didn't think so.
Fyi bozo trumpy American in caps doesn't = white america. Get a grip.sad!!
But all your goods are made in china!!!! Hummmmm
Your approach to this is a short term solution. Never a good idea to be a leader in the world.
So why do you and daddy's girl buy in China?
So, your next wife will be American?
Your narrow minded bigotry is exactly what started ww 2.
Are u & @IvankaTrump going to do this? Manufacture in AMERICA. Support $15/hr min wage for AMERICAN workers. #PracticeWhatYouPreach
@Surfingcity twitter blocking your re tweets, repeatedly.
raise wages? are you high? youre ON RECORD saying we make "too much money" for america to be "competitive" with he rest of the wolrd
why are they giving the Nazi salute?
Bingo
#callahanautoparts #sandusky
So why aren't yours & Ivanka's brand merchandise made here? Why do you hire foreigners to work your properties? You're a lying hypocrite.
Why are your families companies all overseas? Hypocrisy at its finest.
Chicago first please Trump
That is what we hired you to do, and you are doing a great job, America is the greatest country in the world and we are acting like it again
Then quit making deals with Schumer and Pelosi! You are gonna lose your base and 2020! Americans are very pissed with this BS!
VERY NICE!!
So Ivanka is moving her companies from China. Ha, didn't think so. #pence4Prez #MAGA

Then you don't need to steal the Australian's Superannuation funds to pay for your infrastructures. Our syphocant ex banker lobbyist pm may suck up your arse but the people don't like you nor want to give you their hard earned retirement savings!
MAGA hats are made abroad, Ivanka's clothing line is made abroad, Trump uses Chinese steel to make his buildings, etc.  Lead by example!

Oh, really? So when are you and your offspring going to stop shipping your products to other countries for manufacturing?
So why your family produces abroad? Orwells Animal farm in real life, that's what it is, Napoleon
How SPECIFICALLY should this be done? You have NO plans!
Jobs especially good ones require skilled workers.  There are many UN filled jobs currently in the US. Ask Thor Motorhomes in Indiana.

Good job Mr. presidents indeed we need more jobs
Make it harder to hire e legals, heavier import duties tax's.
Yes we do! And we want an honest Washington on O Care and Term limits. They are out of control!
Hey you need to build that wall already
Then move your shit outta China
Eugenio - he doesn't do that when it's his or his daughters personal gains - look in the label on Ivana's clothes - made in China

Congratulations, you avoided and did not answer the question I asked you, have fun talking to the wall
Sorry. D'Sousa pled guilty to a felony. Hillary has never pled guilty or been convicted, has she?
Diberkati Orang - orang yang Takut akan Tuhan... Gbu
And you do business in China and the SE Asia why? Oh! Forgot. We should do as you say, not as you do. Got it.

The week in trump
Too often increase profits are put into execs benefits and dividends NOT wages, which are stagnant. Ask your 1% friends!
And where has your, and your daughters, clothing lines been produced? Our Embarrassment-in-Chief.
Get back to us when you stop manufacturing in China.
Then set an example and you and your family do it adapt!
America is a continent that includes Argentina, Brazil, MEXICO, Canada... and, yes, USA.
If every world leader did this we wouldn't have refugees
so why haven't you been able to get more than a few back here.  this is what we want you to do!
#StartWithYourOwn
You don't even make your own shit in the US & you applied for a waiver to hire more immigrant workers at Mar-a-Lago.
Something that you don't do! Hell you've only had 1 American wife! #Lies
We do not trust #PaulRyan or @SenateMajLdr
Amen Mr. President keep up the fantastic work !!!!!
As there is not a single person of color in this photo you mean white not american racist fascist blowhard. #ImpeachTrump #Resignation
And let vets die because of a flawed rating system and the government's does nothing the telecommunications is supposed to bring health
Yes
Do your thing President Trump, the Real Americans have your back
How come ur company doesn't hire American? & why are all manufacturing 4 u & ur daughter in the US?  Your what you say ur against.. explain?
Mr Pres the top 2% dead set against you They are making record profits from cheap labor in China and Mexico Patriotism not on their agenda
Ok so pay your taxes Rump Roadt!
Well, good luck with that!! 

Then how about rescinding the HB-1, oh that is right you use it Donny 
Wake up America our politicians sodas all out democracy being destroyed from the inside out search Mitch McConnell communist connection
THEN DUMP THE DACA PROGRAM!
The key word if  is  (AMERICAN)   I like that,
awesome! now all you need is a plan that doesn't involve tax cuts.
Start by supporting a higher minimum wage!
Thank you.
Then why are the red make "america"great again hats produced in China? Jus sayin
