Money is 'pouring in'? From which countries? Care to give concrete examples ? Do you know how NATO functions?
Think he even knows what it's an an acronym for.....?
He think it has to do with Nate's toes.
#TrumpRussia #Kushner #Impeachment #Collusion

What has he accomplished? Nothing. Supreme Court nomination is the only thing he's gone.
After you shoved the Montenegro PM did you put your fist in the face of other leaders and say "Pay up or meet me at the playground at 3pm."
Did you try to trip Macron in the hallway or dump his milk out in the cafeteria?
Did you write mean things on the bathroom stall about Merkel?
You are a bully. And other leaders are laughing at us.
And if they're laughing, imagine how bad ur at that too!!
"Money is beginning to pour in"...as if...please release Treasury's bank statements as proof. Or is Treasury being audited, too???
It isn't money due to the US anyway - Trump simply doesn't know how NATO works. That's why the other members were laughing at him
Keeerist. he doesn't know how NATO works, he doesn't know how the EU works, he doesn't know how our Constitution works! What good is he?
This is total bullshit. They agreed to get to 2% years ago and have been moving in that direction before you even came into office
I should also add that the US's GDP accounts for a roughly half of the GDP of all NATO countries, so what Belgium does is unimportant.
And that the US spends close to 4% of its GDP on defence to support Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan...
... and that the only beneficiary of NATO's agreement to defend its co-signatories has been the US after 9/11
And that since Mr Trump is happy to savagely cut all other spending to put even more into the military...
... it's not like his administration is concerned about saving military spending. This whole thing is bullshit.
Plus also there's nowhere for the money to flow into - all the countries pay their NATO contributions already!
This is about them paying to build up their own militaries. God, this is infuriating. Just a load of clearly and easily falsifiable crap.
Your son-in-law is going to be your undoing. 

And your impeachment is going to be amazing.

#SaturdayMorning
#amjoy
So excited
Right?
Biggest.
Party.
EVER.
And you are all invited.
All 68 million of you. 
We are serving peach and mint ice cream.
As long as I get two scoops, like a big boy.
I think I'll go out and buy a new dress!
Did you see all the leaders laughing at you? We did. The whole world did actually.
Oof.
I'm sure your traveling circus of sycophants told you Merkel broke wind, but make no mistake -
They were laughing at you. Because you're stupid. So stupid that it's causes the intelligent ppl in your vicinity to cringe and chuckle.
He's not. Remember he has a bigly brain.
And he got words. All kind of words. The BEST words!
Bigly words.
Great job Mr. President. Thank you for having our best interests at heart. Make sure to continue to drain the swamp and do good for us 
Mr. President please make sure to ensure the sanctity of our voting process is protected and not rigged in any way. Many such cases!
Please also bring a federal case together to investigate the murder of Seth Rich. Very suspicious circumstances...
#MAGA
Donald Trump has unleashed a global pandemic of the dunning-Kruger effect
The world is laughing at us after this trip. Trump at his apex was a spokesman for Pizza Hut.
I have a co-worker who said to my face he's having a great trip, e1 over there loves him and that this http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/05/19/trump-first-foreign-trip-europe-215163 … is #fakenews
Keep up the great work!
What is it with Democrats and pedophilia?
What is it with Democrats and pedophilia? https://www.google.com/amp/s/heatst.com/politics/rising-young-staffer-for-nycs-mayor-de-blasio-is-arrested-for-shocking-kiddie-porn-involving-6-month-olds/amp/ …
UNACCEPTABLE: Former @CIA Officer: @nytimes May Have Compromised Terror Investigation To Hurt @POTUS
Trump-Russia news 24/7, but this story is IGNORED? THREATENING a POLICE CHIEF who has a laptop for an investigation
Trump-Russia in the news 24/7, but this story is IGNORED? She THREATENED a POLICE CHIEF, who has her laptop for the Awan Bros investigation! 
Planned Parenthood execs joke about decapitating fetuses in new video...
Planned Parenthood execs joke about decapitating fetuses in new video... http://bit.ly/2s11FrI 
Guess who else met w/Russian Amb. Sergey Kislyak? He visited Obama at least 15 times according to WH visitor logs
Guess who else met with Russian Amb. Sergey Kislyak? Kislyak visited Obama at least 15 times, according to WH visitor logs.  #Kushner 
It's normal for the president to meet Russian ambassador. Not normal for candidates to do it in secret.
Obama's WH logs that we have access to. Trump won't release the logs and he hid the Kislyak meeting. We know about it bc Russians posted pic
Didn't you see the video footage of it as you spoke? They were all looking at each other, utterly bemused by the nonsense you were chatting.
Or are your people still sheltering you from the negative and humiliating stuff to massage your pathetically fragile little ego?
It was like a scene out of Police Academy where the speaker's pants rip off before going on stage & doesn't realise but everyone else does.

Body Language


We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
Praying that they're indicted and ultimately convicted of treason.
Treason cuz he was elected and HRC was not?
Treason because his entire campaign has been linked to Russia. But you know that. Has nothing to do with Hillary. But you know that too.


Yes, sadly the other news outlets did not cover the Islamic Terrorist bombing at the Arianna Grande. So many young victims.
Translation... Donald is desperate for something to distract attention from the FBI's investigation of Jared Kushner
He thought reviving the #fakenews about Seth Rich would do it. But turns out that didn't work.
Donald knows he messed up in Europe. NATO was meant 2 present unified allied group. Instead Donald whinged his way to isolating America
G7 was just as bad. Then again, Donald was really only there for the food. He made sure he got twice as much as everyone else.  Win!
So when Donald says NATO allies agreed to pay more what he's really saying is that Jared Kushner got caught being a naughty boy.
But dont worry Donsld. Jared might not break. After all... he's got such broad shoulders... he's practically a Green Beret.
It's not like he's lived a soft pampered life or anything. I'm sure he can handle the heat... Years of building street cred - tough as nails

"I have to fire my son in law" #FireKushner 

Cycle of terror. #British fund and arm jihadists in #Syria, then attack Syria when there is blowback. https://twitter.com/VanessaBeeley/status/867754046748274689 …
#StopArmingSaudi
Trump admin’s Mnuchin says they’ll oppose legislation to break up the big banks - breaking yet another promise

Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Condemns New U.S. Arms Sale to Saudi Arabia: https://gabbard.house.gov/news/press-releases/rep-tulsi-gabbard-condemns-new-us-arms-sale-saudi-arabia …
SAUDIS=Al Qaeda remember who behind 9/11
That's not how it works. This is a blatant lie. Shame on you!
Check out the moron's latest tweet a few mins ago - apparently the money is beginning to pour in. 
Oh yes, this was in response to that. Does he really not get it or is he just flat out lying? I can't decide.
Bit of both I reckon. But I'm leaning more toward the fact that he's as thick as pigshit.
Me too. He just has a visceral-level talent for propaganda.
Yep, which his voter base laps up by the gallon
It terrifies me, this disregard for the truth. The manipulation, the lies. I'm so fed up.
I hear ya. And we're not even Americans - imagine how our friends feel
You still don't understand do you ? Countries don't fund NATO. This is about their own defense spending. Got it now, Ace.
Have a word will you Mr @seanspicer. It's a bit embarrassing when @POTUS doesn't understand @NATO. Didn't Merkel explain it to him once.
I think she explained the UN Refugee Convention during the first travel ban. Is she around today to fix this gaffe??
She is. Day 2 G7 Summit. When she met him before, he gave her a fake bill for "NATO back payments". She told him it doesn't work like that.
Oh that's right, I'd forgotten that happened. The audacity... he treats we allies like dirt.
But we are thick skinned aren't we ? We won't be bullied. And we last longer than he will.
America here We are trying very hard to take care of this embarrassment...we know he's unfit.
Oh I know. You guys are awesome. Ally here, ready to help! 


Or lock up with his daddy.


NATO has to increase its defenses against RUSSIA. In part because of you.
#TrumpRussia #Kremlingate #SpecialCounsel
#TrumpRussia #Kremlingate #SpecialCounsel
Which countries? Why don't you give examples of countries that increased their spending because of your comments? 

That's right. You can't
Money pouring in to where, exactly? There is no NATO bank account that members pay into, as I understand it.
He's spoon feeding his base lies and they eat it up
They will believe anything

Who are the ignorant fools who believe what this conman says?
I don't know. Honestly I don't know. But I'm sitting here listening to his BS. He reads from prompter then riffs bullshit in between. UGH.
His bullshit is repetitive, trite, & inane. For a man who made a living on bullshit he does not do it very well.
“Many NATO countries?” I cannot wait to see this lengthy list of countries that are responding to your petulance by paying more. Do tell.
***SPOILER ALERT***

All the countries listed will begin with N, A, T, or O.
Nevernever Land, Atlantis, Timbuktu, Oceanariums.
This is just a blatant lie. There aren't dues to be in NATO. Do you actually believe this or is someone conning YOU?
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
No, what are we supposed to make of this, seriously? The president doesn't know how the most important mutual defense pact on earth works?
Please resign.
Macron blows off Trump, Trump responds by trying to rip his arm off? This is insane. 


Not new.
Let's not forget PAY TO PLAY. Ivanka got $100 MILL for Fdtn Kushner brokered Saudi arms deal. #KushnerRussia #rico #Trumprussia
Also not new. Both are major problems. I just wish Dems felt this way before Trump.
And they both sold weapons to them.
"Money is beginning to pour in." 

It's like the Jerry Lewis Telethon, but if the money was used for Trump's golf weekends.
If it's ok for obama to play golf then why not trump. Everybody deserves a break
Trump manages to do both. Just 33 kids in Syria yesterday. Even called the Air Force to congratulate them.
There isn't 33 kids dead there.. Trump still wins the kid killing. So much for pro life.
Oh ok unknown sources again is it
No like I said multiple sources. Including the White House. You graduate from Trump U?
'Money is pouring in'. Because you told them to do it. Uh huh. Whatever helps you stomach your reflection in the mirror, bro
He is using the "strong arm" approach. Literally.
He still doesn't understand how NATO works. NATO countries don't pay us for anything. He's an embarrassment.
U have it wrong.  European countries contrisbute to NATO bill basedon their GDP.  Telling off totally deserved,
NATO countries contribute to joint fund. No countries in arrears. Some countries fail to meet guideline 4 self-defense spending as % of GDP.
If all members inspired by his speech started spending 2% GDP on their own self defense, there is no NATO pot fililng up with millions of $
Well good, that's great, so they listened to him!  @realDonaldTrump
Oh dear. That was an "if." Main point was that @swedishkiss was correct that he is distorting how NATO works, likely doesn't understand it.


There's a "yet" missing from the last one, but I'm not sure where to place it.
We can only hope.
No no not assassinated just shot in the head.
I pray #NATO can help with our national security emergency. https://twitter.com/ThinkUpstream/status/868382320834654209 … #JaredKushner #Espionage? #Russiagate
I <3 @MalcolmNance. 
ICYMI - Trump Advisor Is Said to Have Discussed a Secret Channel to Talk to Russia https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/26/us/politics/kushner-talked-to-russian-envoy-about-creating-secret-channel-with-kremlin.html?smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur … #Russiagate #TrumpMustGo
Read the story - misleading headline and anonymous sources again.
um.... anonymous sources, don't necessarily mean inaccurate sources.
Who? Be specific. Which countries have stepped up payments? And how exactly is money pouring in? This isn’t even how NATO funding works.
didn't you say NATO was obsolete?!  but good for the US finally understanding the importance 
did Obama make them pay?  No right, then shut up and watch a REAL POTUS work for his country.
NATO is no international Bank you know ... 
Then he said "watch a real POTUS"  Trump couldn't name all the NATO members if he had a map.
Comey firing!
What you should have said: "an armed attack against one or more members is an attack against all." Read some history and you'll see why.
With 45 it's ONLY about the cash! I'd love to see evidence of this "money pouring in." Ultimately, his undoing will be Russia money trail.
Even if this is true, you won't have internet where you're going. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
He's going to a dementia care ward.
It's amazing. The US pres doesn't know how NATO works
(From March, still seems true) Trump may really not know how NATO works http://wapo.st/2nO9z9y?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.9d282b00d1a4 …
Trump is lazy and always unprepared. He continually embarrases our country.
Ur so full of shit, #Trump. Name the countries (& amounts) that r paying "considerably" more. Ur an insult to every American. Stop lying.
He's an insult to the entire human race.
Trump's disastrous NATO visit was "Single least effective visit by an American president" since its inception 68 years ago-@RNicholasBurns
You're allowing Betsy and the DeVos dynasty to drain BILLIONS of dollars from education, to "spread God's kingdom"!
Money Makes the world turn cruel
Go back to the 1960s hippie
How
Listen to John Lennon and don't take a shower for 3 weeks
Money is produced by the making and using of weapons. You only use them if there is war. Wars are set up to use weapons. Money is cruel.
"Money is beginning to pour in?" What are you talking about? This is not how NATO works, you clueless liar.
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
they were laughing at you. The world is.
too bad you and your crooked ass family and cabinet will NOT be around to reap the benefits. no one would blame you if you never came back!
I must be doing right to get mentioned in the same conversation as the president of the United States and @StarMakerBolin
or are you doing anything right to be mentioned in a conversation with us?  LOL
If you'd farted the entire time you were there it wouldn't have been any more embarrassing for America.
Troll
Yes he is but he's still the President for now.
Protection of allies and friends shouldn't just be about how much they pay up. America's influence in the world is enhanced by partnerships.
Lie.  Impossible- each nation funds its own defense spending under the NATO umbrella. No fund exists for money to pour into.
He is insulting his allies. It's no longer a laughing matter.
NATO members already make all the payments NATO requires of them. And they were already increasing their wider defense spending ...
NATO is not a real estate scam you fucking halfwit.
Literally none of them have agreed to any such thing. They were all trying not to laugh at you while you spoke.
You are the laughingstock of the world
look at those intelligent strong leaders, how fucking embarrassing what we have going on .. like seriously people WTF
How much ice cream are you eating between tweets?
They were laughing at you Donnie.
That doesn't make any sense. There's nowhere for it to "pour in" to. That's not how it works.
You have no idea how NATO works. Or the U.S. Constitution, for that matter. Can Ivanka find a picture book that you might understand?
Yeah baby World War 3! World Wars are the only thing that really made America 'great'. We know what #MAGA means ;)
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Obama started that in 2014, & they have been paying more since then! You did nothing but make a fool out of yourself & our country!
What are you thinking?? That NATO is suppose to cut the US a check??? Just ridiculous. How can a President be so stupid??
You don't even know how NATO works. You boggle our minds with your ignorance daily. You're the best thing that ever happened to Putin
Russian collusion!
@AllieEllie 'pour in', I love it Alex
LOL he didn't sign anything yet so what's "pouring in"? He cracks me straight up
Show Euro socialist cucks who is in charge. They lost control. USA rises. They answer to us, not other way around #americafirst #longliveusa
Where is this money pouring in to? They don't owe any money to US. They just agreed to step up THEIR OWN military spending. Stop lying!
Yes, Mr. Trump and the money pouring in is being carried there by the tooth fairy
.@POTUS They're a broken record! They say that each time!  All the way back to Bush presidency!  NATO Leaders are PATHOLOGICAL LIARS!
Did they give you money like it was your bar mitzvah? Bullies ultimately get taken down
And USA will be much stronger once you are out of office #TerroristInChief #RadicalChristianTerrorist #Impeach45
Germany needs to pay back restitution for all the damages they did in WWII plus what they owe NATO... Grece is right! Let Merkel have fits!
NATO isn't a European charity that we pay for,its a defense alliance 2 protect the county.Its not OURS!Its only ever been used 2 aid the US!
Memorial day is a day to honor all the blood spilled to protect United States of America & around the world for 241 years
Money does not pour into NATO-The 2% is for the country''s own defense. You have no idea what your talking about. Ridiculous lies!!!!!
Wow. You just can't help yourself, can you? Lie after lie after lie.
The irony of a man who has declared bankruptcy 12 times demanding money from our allies.
Overdue. Thank you! It's the middle class paying their way. Sick of high taxes!
NATO is now un-obsoleted.  Leaving the UN as promised has now been obsoleted. My vote for you in 2020, I have declared OBSOLETE!
He lied to many of his supporters so they would vote for him.
Yeah Charles it's depressing too see it.  I haven't been on Twitter for months.  Trump needs to repent.  He's lying way too much.
You're right Markus.
So now you will pay your bills to contractors you hire and not stiff them???
Loved when you said this!! So brave and direct, great, great job!
Started in 2014 but as usual you rush in to try to take credit!
Why sobyou can bankrupt itlike everyother business you have?
Turns out honest reasonable discussion works!
quit lying, there is no money "pouring in" to anywhere. You don't even know how NATO works, do you? And you're the president! SAD!
idiot
Where is the money pouring into? That's not how it works!
Note to 45: You are not in charge of NATO. Try to worry about the US ppl. #donthecon #firethefool #russia

Ty Trump for the real truth so hyped better than CNN Media said same thing over & over 24/7 but nothing there there always pissed?confused? 
You're an embarrassment to yourself and to the United States.

The real leakers behind hurting DJ. Trump are Obomba team & Obama & Hillary Clinton & Foundation Group's Fake Leaks Lock them all up 2018 
Haha....YOU with Multiple Bankruptcies Lecture People About Paying Their Bills
Thank you!  You are doing a great job.
Keep up the good work! Glad you are our president!
Great job Pres Trump!!!
Yikes. No comprehension of how NATO actually works. Dim beyond any elected American ever.
Send money to Amatrice. And you will have a country that we will call Trump
Do your homework. You simply don't know how NATO works. That's why the other leaders were laughing at you.
A shame you had to ask countries to step up & pay. Thank you Sir, this gesture  takes the pressure off of us
Bunch of $$$$ pouring in from Latvia? Fantastic work Don J. U r very smart.
You're such a liar 
Another lie. There is no central account. Those leaders laughed in your face in front of the world.
Step-up payments & funds great importance... we will mindset the UnSpend funds means Undilivered Services."
Remember 1/2 of ALL anti trump tweets r BOTS! FAKES! do not engage! The r PAID $$$ to congest social media! Most NON US CITIZENS! IGNORE
How can you, a man with MULTIPLE BANKRUPTCIES, Lecture NATO members about paying their bills??? That is just a huge joke.
You money hungry Carnival Barker
You are lucky Chancellor Merkel saved your ass! Hope you at least THANKED HER! Bully! U AND YOUR FAMILY R AN 'EMBARRASSMENT!'
Donald Trump said before election "NATO is obsolete" Now POTUS push money into war. American who need support are obsolete for 0.1% in #USA
The whole world is laughing at you. Stop making America great again. Just keep gaining weight so you'll have a heart attack and die.
NATO needs more than money.  It needs a top down redefinition/reclassification by country., too many membrs  w/full rights, few obligations
U praise dictators & complain to our friends in public  you really are Naïve  Putin is laughing his ass off at you and how you are acting
Pouring in to where? Show us the evidence. You use alt-facts (aka lies).
They're all a bunch of fat cats in their designer suits draining America
@JulieCa92128716 we will not reelect Lindsey Graham in SC! We'll elect someone that will stand with our Preasident 100%!
No, it's not.  Because NATO doesn't work like that you failure. Please have an adult explain this to you.
Excellent work!!  ^100000s of voters
NATO was not, and has never been weak militarily or financially. It is not a drain on the US, never will be. Don't need a no-nothing like U.
So proud of MY President little by little cleaning up the mess Obama and the Clintons left behind.  We support you!  #Ourpresident
Long over due!
Bravo @POTUS, finally a leader and a new #WH business emerged Trump Collection Agency, will make #NATO stronger, will #MAGA
I have come to hate liberals!
NATO owes $300B more for '16.
Now $1+trillion to spend on stuff you want.
NO MONEY TO THE RICH(1%ers)
Infrastructure JOBS & CorpTax to 17.8%
Thank you! Only my Awesome @POTUS could make this Happen! Next let's wipe out Soros, GLOBALISM, OBAMA, ISIS, CLINTON and we can then #Maga
Great! So we don't need to waste another $21 billion on defense & can help more of the sick, the old and the poor (which includes veterans)
Just do it. Saves us $300B and don't give it to wealthy. Add $800B and spend on infrastructure & JOBS.
Quite dems. Attack squads to expose.
That's good they should pay up allowing it for so long to go unpaid was ridiculous
The reality: Small european countries with high GDP: where should they put all tanks, planes,ships if they spend 2% on mil def?
You don't even understand NATO's function.

Your a joke, plain and simple. I am ashamed of my fellow Americans that voted you in office, #dumptrump
First you polluted the water in mining towns...
excellent negotiation Mr President @POTUS
Thank you for your hard work in a difficult and changing environment America is proud of you!
You are so full of it!!!  #LiarInChief
NATO doesn't need to be made stronger,  Mr. President, it needs to be dissolved. The Warsaw Pact is dead and gone. So should NATO be.

That's not how NATO works asshole.
Big lie. Proof is what we need because nobody believes a word u say. The Federal Court said u cannot be believed & are not trustworthy
Angela Merkel has said very plainly that Europe can no longer rely on the US and England. We will be bypassed in all things going forward
Please share a single verifiable country.
GREAT JOB!!THEY SHOULD PAY!!THANK U 4 STANDING UP FOR THE AMERICAN TAXPAYERS.THE FORGOTTEN CITIZENS THAT KEEP OUR COUNTRY GOING!!
The money is supposed to be spent on the country's military, not NATO. It isn't dues; it's self-defense. Don't you know ANYTHING?!?!
For the full text of this statement http://thebestpresidentever.blogspot.gr/2017/05/the-worst-summit-meeting-ever-almost.html …

美国不应该在这个世界搞霸权！
Thank you Pres Trump!!
Dude, NOBODY OWES MONEY TO NATO! ZIP! ZERO! NADA! It's a GOAL to spend 2%of their GDP on their OWN defense! That's it! Why can't you get it?
Really? Where is money pouring in from exactly?
You must believe your own bullshit
You are a national embarassment.
Make America great again.
Please resign.
We have an 8 year old school yard bully as president; an extra stupid one, at that!
Vraiment thanks you fort 
we should only pay 2%. We r not Santa Clause for the EU!
