You have a warped view of "packed" house. Judging by the photos, it was about 1/3 empty. Similar to your low-turnout inauguration.
More #Fakeviews From #TheElectoralCollegePresident #Impeach45 #TrumpResign #PenceKnew

Unleashed. Powerful. Unapologetic. Make no mistake this was your @POTUS sending YOU a call to arms. Will you answer it? #StandWithTRUMP  
America is the middle of an epic battle for the soul of our nation, its time for every one to choose sides.
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent... 1246D 3H 38M left to smarten up and do better. #RESIST

@BarackObama  you Need Come back the world  call ur Name 
Not likely
Not politically prejudiced I appreciate noble service motivates my president THANK you sir!
I'm speechless and ashamed that @POTUS is acting like a vengeful child acting up and lashing out at people on his own side.  Very divisive!
. Replace the federal judge for not enforcing the constitution on immigration.
It's with great sorrow that I say the Republican Party belongs to @realDonaldTrump as within he finds zero resistance. Silence is approval.

James Clapper, former director of national intelligence, says he questions President Trump's fitness for office 
You dislike Flake because he has a spine - not standard equipment on today's Senate Republicans - looks like McConnell might be growing one
The crowd outside was better
You. Are. A. Disgrace.

Behind you President Trump. Stay the course.
You're unstable and unfit to be POTUS, Von Clownstick. You tiny-handed, malignant narcissist, traitorous, fake-president loser (by 3M votes)
Not a fan of you and your lies, distortions of truths & defending of Nazis & white supremacists as "fine people" but ok.
No, he is not loved by the entire U.S.
your insane
You're*
Shut up
You're so vain...get over yourself!
Not a packed house. More lies. SAD! There were more protesters outside! 
I pray for your safety and all the true patriots who stand with you as I do, God Bless Mr President stay strong. 
A real bunch of MAGA pieces of shit!! ~ supporting someone who wants to take 23 million off healthcare!! Shitty fellow citizens of the USA
It was a huuuge circle jerk.
He tells the truth about you so of course you don't like him. You're a compulsive liar
It was a pathetic crowd.  They left early. Hahaha
Not a packed house. LOTS of empty space. Sad that you have to lie. SAD!

#GRABTHEIRPUSSIES
Where is everyone? Where did they go? Are they all in the bathroom? Doesn't look packed. Looks #sad.
Here's the full crowd as #TrumpinAZ finishes up. 

A packed house. 
You forgot 1 thing in your chaos speech. You forgot to put we should kill each other! Because that's what's going to happen because of you!
We are not happy w/him or McCain and will not get our votes @ election time. Not on program w/what we in Az want. Turncoats.
WE CAN SEE THAT THE DISHONEST MEDIA IS TEARING COUNTRY APART! #trumptrain #maga #antifa #phoenixrally #cnn #cnnsucks #nyt #donlemon
there's so much happening in this tweet
Malik Obama: Trump is Doing a Great Job, “Haters Should Back Off”
Malik Obama agrees! President Trump is doing a GREAT job!
George Foreman Agrees! Trump is a Great President!
Civil Rights Icon Dr. Alveda King Praises President Trump’s Response to Charlottesville
Economist Stephen Moore: Dow Could Hit 30,000 Under Trump
President Trump is Winning for America! Everyone except for the lying #MSM agrees!
We have established that Jacob smokes something! Lol crazy Dumpette
This has been established http://docket.images.azcc.gov/0000183125.pdf 
Too many politicians weak on crime and border, including RINOs like Flake!
Seats were half empty and you know it. You Liar!!
Kaboom!!
You were totally unhinged last night. Even the GOP is acknowledging such.
Your presidency is over for all intents and purposes.
You were a disgrace. Attacking McCain as he fights for his life was disgusting.
Mentally unfit to lead. 

25th amendment is a certain option right now more than ever.

Hey Noodlehead, The entire democratic party needs to be impeached, what an embarrassment for our nation
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak ...
people are saying that POTUS is destroying the GOP.
So much winning...you must be tired!
Tick Tock, Tick Tock the sound of the clock counting down when we rid ourselves of Daffy Donald and his Trumpettes!
Arizona is a great state, however it seems the sun has baked the brains of our two US senators there
Daffy Donald weak of EVERYTHING! AND has small hands. Lol
 #TrumpDayCareActivities #TrumpIsTreason #TrumpRussia #TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
Flake: "Reckless, outrageous, and undignified behavior has become excused and countenanced as 'telling it like it is'." 
You're delusional. Wish I could take my vote back. An embarrassment to our great country.
yes, but you're a white male so it only makes sense that you voted for DJT
Don't be mean We need his vote in 2018
I mean it is what it is, right? I don't give a shit who he votes for honestly b/c is vote already screwed the world for generations to come.
True but you get more flies w/honey. I have 3 white college ed women, friends over 50 years who voted 4 him. Hard time getting over that
I haven't forgiven DJT voters and I imagine I won't. How can they be trusted?
I know I know. We lives in dangerous times and evil is al around us. trump regrets is my only solace and MUELLER TIME!!
Daffy Donald with the Small Hands will be replaced by ANYONE with higher intelligence and Large Hands.
You are insane.
How about so strong on paper towels but you could care less about POWER 80% clean WATER over 30% of Puerto Ricans without??
Only flakes are fond of Trump. You're a disaster. Resign.
Jeff Flake is a good man sir you could take a page or two out of his book
Fantastic news w/ Sheriff Joe! Now PLEASE reindict felony charges on Senator Flake's son! 23 dogs died = #gilbert23
Wow amazing how fast that seed rooted grew and was harvested at the expense of some ones precious family pets and four legged family members NOEXCUSE
It wasn't a packed house
It was standing room only because no chairs were provided. 
Lol I'm sure you hand-counted them, right? Fire code is not negotiable, even for the so-called president. 4200 absolute maximum.
Typical conservative, calling names instead of posting proof. Post schematics or shut it.
Don't need to worry about Flakey-boy. He'll be removed before the lunar eclipse of Jan 31. #Pedogate #INJT
It seems #INJT has various meanings on twitter. I was referring to the new International Natural Justice Tribunal. #Pedogate #Infowars
#istp
Correction: NOT #INJT - Try #ITNJ International Tribunal for Natural Justice! #Pedogate #Infowars #Hannity #Dobbs #Unrig #DrainTheSwamp
your weak on ethics ,morals and acting....SAD
THEY'RE WAITING FOR THEIR PAYCHECKS.

oh I for got Are you tired of winning you haven't done Nothing all you have done is un do things.
You got that right !!!!!
Interesting how you quoted yourself about how the media treated your Charlottesville speech and left out the line that upseted all. Liar .
Pack house??? Was not sold out. Your quite the delusional liar. Just has many protesters on the scene.
We need the wall! #buildthewall
Resign.
Here is the real TRUTH about the FAILING @realDonaldTrump's "crowd" in Phoenix!
Funny how the dumbest state in the union supports you.

Quit LYING to the American People about the BORDER WALL! It's NOT going to HAPPEN FOLKS!
and you sounded like a maniac. By the way what ever happened to Mexico paying for the wall??? LIAR
Nazi Trump!  #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
You must really be getting nervous Donnie. Its closing in on you. Steele file is the icing on the cake. RESIGN your a DISCRASE
So why did you fire the guy who organized- haha
How come there was never a shot of your "packed house". I'm thinking your team didn't want the empty spots to be shown.
#TrumpPieceOfShit
You're going to need Jeff Flake's vote for your crap you want passed. I'd thumbs down everything if I were him or McCain. Shame on you!
#FakeCrowdSize #LiarInChief #liar
At least he's not weak on integrity, intelligence and intellect like you, King DonJon I. "I'm gonna shut down the government of they don't..
Good
#PhoenixCrowd = #TrumpsWeirdNakedDream.
Sorry. Wrong again.
A fraction of what reported - u should accuse others of fake news when U r the master of it!
Not so packed. Weak as President.
4,100 trump supporters, 10,000 anti-trump supporters.
Liar
All you know how to do is divide this country with the bullshit and hate you spread lying comes natural to you you lack morals and integraty
More lies from a fake president...its your fake news. Media tells the truth!!!
Whatever happened to a country that supported its President "NO MATTER WHAT"?!?! I am ashamed of our country right now. So disheartening.
and you are weak minded
Phoenix fire dept. says only-> 4100 were at Trumps rally...still lying about the crowds
Fire marshal said 4000 tops. You said 15000. I'll believe the man who has to abide by laws
Ass!
not a fan of flake,less a fan of flake-in-White House
What a stupid  man
A half filled house that started emptying half way through the waste of time.
Call em out!!!! #MAGA 
Fun times with our President!
You are an embarrassment and an obvious liar but at least the seat count was higher than your IQ.
Joe Arpaio, who you claimed was loved by us, we voted OUT. YOU'RE NEXT!!!
Flaccid Boy Tweets Again!!!
Idiot
it isn't democrats, it is your crimes.  Poor Donnie.  The government isn't going to work for free.

Donald Trump is a liar and is mentally unbalanced. Phoenix turnout was mini, but probs hardcore Trumpsters.
The crowd outside not buying your snake oil was bigger, better and had the right message! #resign
I admireJeff Flake.Such an honest young man,not dishonest &aged like you,huffy puffy. Love his book, so well written & TRUE. You're jealous!
Suck it Don...
4100 says the fire marshal
Drain the swamp
Remember GOP only has 2 votes for majority so keep alienating your own party and we'll see how well you do.
If you had a "packed house" there wouldn't be an echo! There were more protesters than supporters!
You left out real facts
yeah, super huge crowd, dude. Sort of like your inaugural crowd? Lolololol ok!

Amazing pack of fascists cheering the Fascist in Chief. Three cheers for GOPers like Flake showing true American courage.
A lot of us here in Arizona  would love to get rid of Flake & McCain but having a hard time voting them out......but we will keep trying!  
He loves the state of Arizona, but despise Mexicans!
Yt
Looked like a small town gym to me. Small small crowd
It wasn’t packed.  Don’t lie.


Actually, more like 1/4 packed house.  And everyone walked out while you were speaking.  Guess your message isn't so well received.
I never saw so many people behind you shaking their heads at you're repeating this crap. It gets old. Two years of the same old shit!
You really should resign now before you're impeached ... it's a certainty!
Not a fan of yours, you're weak on deal making, boarder security, health care, and tax reform.  Strong on hypocrisy!!!
They left early. Even they are getting sick of you
Sure they were. Standing in front of 20' bleachers and a half empty room is not packed.
More consensus building from the UNITY MASTER.  Hail Trump the Magnificent United!
Strong on criticizing you.
Think you had more protesting  outside
Actually it wasn't a pack house you liar, the "fake news" did manage to show how it looked inside. Lmao! You said 15,000 how abt 5,000! Lol!
They have your back Donnie!
I am no fan of Flake either. Didn't vote for him last time!  Everyone here says he is out. No worries Mr President. Forget about him.
I have supported you but I do not support you insulting or using bad words. You must apologize!
How about you worry about "winning" during your first term before you start running for a second one.
The guy (Jeff Flake) was actually born in a town called http://Snowflake.wow .
We saw the photos. It was not even close to packed. I guess it is true, if your mouth is moving, you are lying.
Flake and McCain must go
that's just mean. Jeff is a huge fan of you. You should see him do his version of your tiny jazz hands dance.
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - packed streets united against Trump. Not a fan of Trump, weak on 'presidential'.
You need glasses if you think more people were inside than outside protesting. #loserpresident.
Packed? If u pushed all the people to one part of the arena. It was far from packed with people leaving half way through as they were bored.
go Trump go!!! Make Am great again
What you really mean: "... I love the Great State of Arizona. Plenty of racists. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, not racist enough."
Substantially a misrepresentation of fact; looked at a video that shot the whole venue- 7500 tops : ego numbers vs real numbers
the only reason you hold rallies is to boost ur defeated ego with ur backward zealot base.at least it keeps u away from more pressing issues
Totally a liar. How many were paid to sit and smile. Give me a break
