Corruption from WH, DOJ, FBI, IRS, EPA. They are all in on the Democrat agenda and only punished conservatives.
Next time I'm stopped 4 speeding I'll tell the cop that I was queasy as I went 2 fast but he can't prove I "intended" 2 speed so not guilty
Hilarious. My foot just fell asleep and got heavy. It could not help it.
lolol...I wish we can use all these politicians examples when we face judges.  What is it called...case references or something?
Extenuating circumstances??
No...I googled it...lol.  It's called Case Law.  Where ppl can cite other rulings to make their own case.  Attnys get paid big $ to do this
I should have known that!  Egg on my face.
Ur making me think bkfast...lol  I eat it at lunch, so eggs sounds great...lol Thanks for the idea :)
Lol. That does sound pretty good with a side of pancakes and grits. 
@AdamSchiff is a snake. Lied about @Potus not being under investigation.  He wants to give #Lynch info to weasel out of corruption.
Schiff is the real deal.
Yep real communist progressive
You've got that backwards.
We're queasy over the Russian collusion. You know, meeting with the Russian agent about colluding on the election.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
RT @foxandfriends: Another Dem 'queasy' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case http://fxn.ws/2sW0njo ...
Jail them both.
All the Crooked colluders must be taken to Leavenworth in cuffs and orange jumpsuits. Justice will prevail.
Yes please let's do that let's make it a bipartisan issue if Trump Administration first Dems next I am a liberal saying this
I agree, the guilty regardless of sides must be held to account. I really think the Donald is clean tho, but I know Hillary is pure dirty.
So he's under 4 investigations incl special prosecutor,  he's clean. Hillary years of investigations conclude not enough evidence is dirty?
Rush Limbaugh Infowars has brainwashed them beyond anything we can ever imagine

Lawmaker: Clinton left classified papers in Russia, China http://washex.am/2e6pjLR  via @dcexaminer https://twitter.com/forpotus45/status/879649354394603520 …
Trump invited the enemy into Oval Office & gave confidential Intel to the Russians that we received from an ally. So what's your point
podesta left his unsecured phone in a nyc cab. his password was "p@ssword".
It probably still is password, lol
Gotta love Liberal schizophrenia. Misbehavior only becomes detestable when caught...
Is that even English?
Absolutely. But you'd have to have finished high school to recognize it...
I'm curious how the likes of you would know that.
You libs will like where your going it's a  hot climate
Hell or the tropics?   Hehehe,  the hate is real!
Enjoy the heat  i will still pray for you
Why do all of the demosocialists use the term 'queasy' when things aren't going their way?
Who could've known Americans were SO stupid?
Trump's Lawyers one hour ago: Maybe you should just stick to RTs today Mr. Trump.
Maybe you should...
I'm sick of the label liberals or snowflakes when you don't agree with a crazy clown in office it's called WE THE PEOPLE
So go way snowflake, you're no longer welcome.
Hate both
Oh FOX nobody believes you. Only old white men and the haters watch you. You are obsolete. You are propaganda. You are backed by 1%.
What amazes normal people is that1democrat believes another dem w/put their butt on the line2cover the others when the truth comes knocking
Uh oh! Loretta. When pencil neck Schiff with his DNC Kool Aid mustache starts to lose faith in you, trouble is looming!  #BernieWouldHaveWon
Lock 'em up
https://twitter.com/forpotus45/status/879668333297225732 …
@CNN Busted!
American Pravda: CNN Producer Says Russia Narrative “bullsh*t" https://youtu.be/jdP8TiKY8dE  via @YouTube
Dude is it possible for you to cite a source besides Fox News. I feel like you're my racist uncle who somehow became president
Dude, is it possible you're not a bot?
Lol are you serious?
Lol, like, yeah dude lol
Sorry for using common social media lingo:) Remember, have a hateful day! 
Like, you too dude lol

Could care less. look at jobs look at economy look at stock market. Any one who does evidently doesn't know much .
He said he would release them. Another lie. He's hiding something or he'd do it. I'll keep posting. Thanks for your opinion. #hidinglaundry
I guess like all the collusion they haven't found he released a financial statement that is better than anything .besides we don't care.
If you voted for @POTUS expecting him to MAGA, how do you like all his broken promises now? He lied to your faces. He gets rich, you lose.
Looney liberals are such drama queens. He has only been in office a few months and is going strong.
"looney"?  Statistically speaking the average Trump supporter is mentally inferior, but I am sure you are the exception.
So the liberal college educated elites have a less education than the rural poor? That is some logic you possess.
You are wrong and by adding more Emojis and intentional misspelling like a teenager doesn't bolster your claim.  Maybe type in all caps.
Well @realDonaldTrump you said lock her up now it's well only when I'm being investigated, you stopped caring about this until now
Impeach someone who's NOT in office, do explain Einstein
Again, you can't impeach someone who's not in office. It's really NOT hard to understand
K, dude!
need too put the bitch in jail
Makes me sick time to show HRC and cronies along with Obstruction Obama investigate prosecute sentence and jail them all show us law is fair
Why can dems or reps ask 4 special counsel, filled by repub lawyers &donors2 Trump campaign like Mueller lawyers. Good 4 the goose is.......
https://twitter.com/mrvalenzuela47/status/881764541339717632 …
Loretta Lynch, Hillary Clinton, Obama, prosecute and lock them all in the same cell.  Traitors of our democracry.
Time for Loretta's orange jump suit!
Lock them up!!!
LOCK THEM ALL UPIT'S THE ONLY WAY WE CAN MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN They only want to destroy you @POTUSTake them ALL down ASAP
It must be done.
We need a federal grand jury investigation of ALL Obama era corruption. The people deserve no less!
We the people want to know all about the scandals during obama & hillarys reign crooks all of them
#LorettaLynchMeddlinginClintonCase
Hillary looks as if she's been meddling with cigars..
Why would Donald Trump retweet this when it's fake news everything fake news and people believe him
Anyone with a brain knows that lynch helped Clinton and tried shutting down the investigation
We all know she did it she should be arrested
A no brainer, I cannot even say their names without getting nauseous .
And what is now?
they should be she was exposed for manipulating the investigation of the DNC and Clinton Criminal Empire.
SHE SHOULD BE INDICTED
One set of rules & laws for the Dems. Another for the rest of us.
Why isn't a case being formed around the republicans getting their servers hacked because they didn't have a password on their emails?
This investigation is far from over! Mr. Mueller if you have any integrity now is the time to let it shine
These were not ignorant ppl. Russia help U cheat. I will be glad when we get to the bottom of this. 45 is a LIAR and cheat.
If only they would all respond honestly!!!
Are the demo rates just now waking up
Are they just now waking up
Oh look fox reporting fake news .....
Please explain your hatred of women.
would love to see the GOP "queasy" over ANY of the HUNDREDS of indiscretions and hypocritical partisan actions they've taken. Dems are FAIR.
More FAKE NEWS from the biggest fake news organization on the planet. FAILING Fox News gives more and more misinformation to Americans
Like rats on a sinking ship, dems will be backing out on this!
Just arrest both of them already! We all know they are guilty of many crimes!
Another diversion #TrumpRussia
God thank you!!!!
GOP persecuted her and came up w/nothing because there was nothing. tRump is the criminal & 45 & Fox will go down. He's disgusting Wake up
President call for a investigation on Lynch and Hillary for Treason! They belong in prison! Keep using Twitter! We got your back.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews all of them crooked not jus Hillary
Throw them both in prison
Hahaha...the Devil in a fight with Satan. Lol
FAKE NEWS
Umm, yeah. Wasnt it obvious all along? These are the Clintons we are talking about, don't know why its a shocker.
#retweetoffender
Amigos divulguen que Silvio Rguez fue visado para dar concierto en NY 09/10. Asesino comunista cubano con manos ensangrentadas. No a Silvio
Why are you harassing a private citizen instead of reporting actual news? NOBODY CARES ABOUT HILLARY!
What bullshit!  There was an election going on!  You are not supposed to mention these things AT ALL!  So big damn deal what they called it!
If it's Hillary who's queezy, she should be, since her husband tried to obstruct justice with AGLynch on the tarmac.
you certainly are a sore loser
Lock up Lynch
LIAR.LIAR.LIAR.Go Get H.C For Criminal Activities People Not Pres.Trump..he May shock you but So Do They.WEB of Liars.#WeSeeU
"Queasy" new word to be used how many of the "pleading the 5th" will be in the "queasy" episode
Fake news
Obama lackey meets Crooked Billary ... off to the hoosegow !!
Given the severity of her obstruction, why aren't more drma outeage. YOU MIGHT ASK!
These #dems are gonna need #obamacare real soon
These two don't represent women in leadership roles,  they have no integrity
No one's queasy u bunch of "Camille" posers. Do the right thing & call for everyone to be investigated & BACK Bob Mueller, if u love the USA
The idea Treason has occurred can cause queasiness. I've felt it for the last 8 years.
Go after her! She can expose truth about the evil behind everything OBAMA! For the Nation's top cop, she violated many laws! We need truth!
We're all queasy when Trump's name is even mentioned......
love that the democratic corruption truth is finally surfacing.  go get em @realDonaldTrump
@POTUS While you dismiss Russian meddling in our election. PATHETIC.
Sweetie, when the only 'news' you can retweet is the @FoxNews propaganda machine, you're in big trouble.
Don't forget Obama didn't arm people of Crimea; stopped Defense system from deploying and then didn't think Russia intrusion was meaningful
Loretta testified before Congress: "We need to protect the inter circle" and this is the unwritten law under the guise of office integrity
What bothers me is why has Trump not built a case against Lynch and Clinton yet? They would be easy to convict in my opinion.

CNN Producer BUSTED Admitting ‘Trump Russia Story Is Mostly BS’  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL86QNNSSSA … 
Lock them both up!!
Calif Rep. Adam Schiff says he’s “queasy” at thought #LorettaLynch meddled...so are we. What? If anything, are you doing about it sir.
Jesus Christ. Get over it. Move on and try to do your job.
Both corrupt need to go to jail
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B072YCB9DG 
@TGowdySC Let the Loretta Lynch @HillaryClinton investigation begin in earnest! Maybe some jail time? Just a thought!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  ban these scums from.all public office
Ebony and Ivory LOSERS
There is enough to pursue malfeasance of office on the part of Loretta Lynch and more than likely obstruction of justice and include Bill
Lock them up!!
Another false report... seriously... you call yourself a viable news source? FAKE News!!
Pretty sure the only “queasiness” was Comey’s whenever he had to be alone with you. Afraid you might get confused and grabby.
Obama really left this Country a mess
Clinton is the least of your problems.  Get with it T, they are coming after you and all your lies will be revealed!!!
Let it go. Jesus. She lost.
You realize you have no credibility right?  Everyone knows that Fox news is basically State TV for you so BIASED!
No comparison to Russia meddling to help you win the election. No wonder you love your bromance with Putin.
Demorats shouldn't be just "queasy " they should be "puking" their guts out about this.
Maybe a few more photos...
OMG...you STILL can't move on....that's the sign of dementia, & in your case dementia AND delusion.
Fox fools need some new material. For example, you should be preparing for the fall of @realDonaldTrump. It'll help cushion the impact.
I've been trying to soften the fall for them. 
http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/tv/fox/ …

Isn't it fun to watch this Russia thing backfire on Dems and possibly see some in orange jump suits
Yes!! I cud jump up & down like a child. I don't like 2 gloat but these ppl are SOBs & liars & think nothing of trying 2 destroy ppl.
Houston we have a problem veterans have no way of contacting the new VA accountability office Washington DC Houston am I coming through wow?
Is endorsing the FOX media outlet by Trump while calling all the others fake media a product endorsement ethics violation! WTH
What a real story like how big PHARMA is injuring 100k's of women daily! I don't hear about that news!!
Ha "queasy" Ya I would imagine..Oh wait fake emotions from fakenews
that's a joke like @realDonaldTrump just said
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
joke
U mad bro?  Move on Donnie boy it's hard to accept you lost pop vote but move on fake prez
Do think the dems have it under control. #FAKEFOX ,COUNTRY RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA MACHINE
@GaetaSusan dhe was paid off and her life threatened by the Clintons
So nice for @POTUS & the GOP to have your own Official State News Network. Propaganda machine churning 24/7/365.
Why do they always speak up so long after the fact. #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheDeepState
https://twitter.com/chrislu44/status/880101051084546048 …
Not really.
The Obama regime SOROS BOTS make a lot of people want to VOMIT!
Whats with the generic term 'queasy' ? Somehow they will identify with comeys use of it and find no fault in #Hillary or Comey or Lynch
Seriously?  We were queasy when it happened but democrats didn't get queasy til they were forced to recognize it even happened.Little late!
When the ex FBI Directors says he was told to change words from investigation to matter says it all.
#investigate
President Trump, I've waited 30 yrs. for you to be POTUS. Thank you! We American Patriots stand behind you. So proud of you!
Nothing, and I mean nothing, would make my year than to see this cockaroach go down
A lot of upset stomachs on Left lately.  Awwww
Fake News

Trying to make trump feel better one fake story at a time.
