Trump's record is so bad he is unable to answer tough questions! Only 1 SOLO press conference in 6 mon (Obama did 9)
At this point in his first term, Obama had done 9 solo press conferences.

Trump? 1.…
Well done sir
Idiot
The worst presser ever.
The world is laughing ...
so so ashamed of you you're used to be one of my favorites not anymore
I mean Will Smith not the president
And you, Judi, are pretty dumb. It's not that Will Smith.
Yes, WE THE PEOPLE truly get what's going on PeePrez.
#ISmellAStraightJacket

#TrumpPenceRussia
yes, we get that you're going to destroy this country and your legacy will be the worst POTUS in history.
the hateful, intolerant liberals are going to make sure you are president for the next 8 years! 
#incompetent & #unfit

Grow up
pkease don't ever stop tweeting or we may lose what is going on!!!!!
yes we do!! FAKE NEWS that's what!!! 
Unfortunately, I get EXACTLY what's going on. #andIampeople
You are a truly ridiculous human being.
Many people are saying that the room was packed with paid staffers for applause and envelopes filled with blank paper.
MAGA
FINALLY AFTER 8 YEARS OF SANCTIONS OBAMA PUT AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FORCING US TO BUY HIS RIP OFF INSURANCE. 8 LONG YR
that was a news conference? 
@GeorgeTakei...had a great press conference today, minus the first ammendment. Who invited them, am I right?
who did Donald, who?   Most of us saw right through it
Lol. Did you? Did you really? Looked like a shit show and a temper tantrum from here.
ur a damn fool.
you are doing a fabulous job in only five weeks the people are behind you 100%
yes they do.............
You just don't get it  fake= real     real= fake   with donuts on top
Trump has been spreading fake news for years. Why is he concerned now?
He didn't seem that concerned actually. Other theory : goal of the salacious stuff = distract from real stuff you mention.
You’re not concerned about allegations of Trump’s ties with Russia? If Trump is innocent, he should welcome an investigation.
I am. Maybe "trump versus cnn" isn't that real and again the salacious thing is to disctract, because easily deniable
Apologies, don’t understand your use of salacious here. Can you elaborate on your point?
sorry, in a bit of a paranoid mood
I really don't think they will but I want the people that have not seen what they are doing to see it
president Trump I hope tonight you have the Democratic leaders come up and shake hands with everyone
Why do you and your loser friends in your cabinet and Congress, LOVE TO LIE so much and so frequently???
YOU MIGHT HAVE MONEY , but Have no Gray Matter in that orange head !!!!
yes we get it. You are in over your orange head. Just step down now. Please! #LoserDonald #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Out of this world coded news
Hiding something from coded news here
I'm sure that no President has caused the damage you have and you have been President for less than 4 weeks History again
you had some #fakeintel there behind you too... Fool.
bing bong bing bong bing bong
good on you re:travel ban, more countries should be implementing the same. Borders first, security first.
Was Oscar the grouch there?  I heard he is a big fan of yours.
maybe they will post their fake articles to their fake websites that all the fake people read
We know  exactly  what  is going  on .
you are right the people are getting it. #theResistance
You label it fake when do not like what they have to say.
He is getting a backlash.
What about jewush, secular, muslim & christians in Jerusalem?
What's their view?
do I need to explain to you what "fake news" means like I did to my grandmother with dementia?
@zhu_amy3 So you think lying the majority of the time makes a good news conference?
Daddy! I
I Love Trump!  My son has a future now  He won't have to work to support the majority of the people! Proud to vote for you
.@realDonaldTrump Oh honey, I'm sorry you've gone over it in your head all day. But the more you cry "FAKE NEWS" the less people believe you
37% approval rating, sad!
A *real* president wouldn't have their attorney talk for them during their first presser, @realDonaldTrump.
@nbc colluded w/ #CrookedHillary , Lester Holt used signals w/ her at 1st debate, & they also released the Trump tape!
is it still fake? You just got outed again! PEETOUS
What an embarassing display. If I didn't abhor what you stood for, I would have felt pity for you.
Bienvenido a una tierra de sol y belleza!!! Con nobleza!! Y compatriotas EUA!! @EPN   a 2 paises! @marthabtz

#TrumpOrganization handover plan slammed by #ethics chief - @Harvard @tribelaw also slams the idea http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-38591754 …
#Trumpullthinskin
you were amazing! NO MORE FAKE NEWS!
You DO realize you are going to be an employee of ALL Americans, not just the ones who voted for you?
No, didn't think so.
Just ban all media already, Hitler would be proud. Zeig Heil Commandant Drumpf 
2017 the year of the Urinator!
. You can't let it go The divider in Chief and Putin's Puppet. Just came from overseas and foreigners believe you are a joke
it was the best new conference EVER!! Tell it like it is!! so proud! My president 
And you the BIRTHERISM King led the Ball! BUT you are right "the people truly get what's going on!"
...stay focused
people have absolutely no clue what is going on. anyone who says they do is lying.
You will be the BEST President EVER!!! #MAGA
"I'm a germophobe?"  That's the best you got in defense of the peepee story?  How about "I'm married and I love my wife."
BEST news conference ever!! said no one watching for reasons other than comedy and tragedy
You're a f*cking joke.
What an intelligent and classy way to express yourself. @realDonaldTrump
You're a sheep.
baaaaah...
A couple of Fake presidents elect --TrumPutin -- were there, too!
Putin's Puppet will be pResident.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DEMAND YOU RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS. WE KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT TO HIDE
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.

SO SAD that you couldn't face the press without your family and sycophants (look it up) holding you up. CHICKEN!
Either you let ALL ask questions or none! I am hoping that the next time you pull this shit they ALL walk out!
Fake news orgs. covering a fake. Quid pro quo.
1/20/2017 Donald J. Trump will be going to Washington DC to Chew Bubblegum and KickAss...and he is out of gum!
@bballisballin lmfao
Maybe you should call President Obama and find out how to give a speech and news conference.
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
Thanks for your treatment of CNN reporter.  He was rude.  Keep them out of the News Conferences.
PLEASE STOP! The only thing FAKE is your TAN, ORANGE MAN! STOP YOUR CRAZINESS
I'm lookin' for some free ignral tkts.... you got some? 
"FAKE NEWS" mais mon gars c toi qui donne les fake News t vrmnt con
nope. A lot smarter people than you get it.
that Acousta wanted attention. Tell him to go back to his bottle
Like, let's see, Breitbart!
yes, we do and hopefully you'll be impeached
Not Great. Putin stole election for you. You owe him Yuge. America doesn't want you. You are NOT LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT !!!!!
great press conference until you opened your mouth!  NMP
pig with ridiculous hair
Breitbart. The worst.
Donald, are you a zombie or a vampire?  If not, why do you always look like you're made up by a Funeral Cosmetologist? 
I’ve been called worse by better.
Russian hookers in attendance!
MR. TRUMP IM SO PROUD OF THE JOB YOUR DOING BEFORE YOUR EVEN IN THE 
WHITE HOUSE.WE HAVE THE SAME INITIALS DJT
U R AMAZING
The only thing fake is you
Yes we do Mr President, we the people are supporting you 100%, we want our country back!
yes, keep tweeting!
FAKE NEWS for FAKE PRESIDENT who lost by 3 million! #illegitimatePOTUS
are you still using that unsecured cell phone?
Yeah, that your fragile ego is getting in the way of your duties. Get over your fixation, dude.
news conference is not a proper noun
fake president. A total sham and I am embarrassed at your foolish actions.  You are nasty
Thank you for putting yourself out there to be our voice. Excited for my familys future!! Thank you
yea, we do...that you are a con man, bat shit crazy...your true personality is shining brightly...CRAZZZYYY you are! 
Mom told us girls, "do not worry if people are talking about you. It is when they stop about you that you have to worry" 
Reaffirm LAWS AND CIVIL RIGHTS OF ppl. that freedom of speech & freedom of press does not allow lies through media.
Dude, you're just 'pissed' we now know where you get that inhuman golden glow in your hair.
no we don't actually, what the hell is going on? Grow up and try to act like you can do this job.
Thats right
you're a joke and an embarrassment to this great nation!
I THINK THE CONFERENCE WAS A BIG JOKE. WE LISTENED TO YOUR LAWYER FOR 15 MIN.  IT MUST HAVE BEEN HER PRESS CONFERENCE
Yeah, we get it, Fake Leader
A HEED Of WARNING: MORE YOU GET CAUGHT IN LIES.. People will tire of you, the worst thing a man can lose is his self worth
weak as Trump is, he will cower at any demands from Putin. and Puttin  will offer a golden shower, and he will cower!
Your taking of a question from @BreitbartNews aka BreitBARF shows what's really "going on." #resist #NeverTrump @CNN
Great news conference today except for the fake president elect.
please help me in getting my BCI 40 yrs old sealed. RI corrupt! Really insanity!
where you made a complete ass of yourself belittling a reporter doing their job
https://youtu.be/2V8TO6y0IR4 
oh we get it all right – liar!
why are you so paranoid?!
fake like @BreitbartNews ? If education was a priority of US any point over last 60 yrs, Breitbart wouldn't have one dollar
did you see the look on Barron's face when he saw the tractors at the parade?
Yes, we the people know what is going on.
Goverment funding for elderly is still needed.  Such as State sector funding with electric assistant.
Don't listen to them Mr. PRESIDENT you're doin great.
 UP LIKE TRUMP!!!
you are the fake.
sure wish people would stop throwing stones when they live in glass houses.  Thank you Mr. President for doing your best!
i totally agree! Go Mr. President! It's Christmas every day!
yes we do. and...thank you from a crazy, fun nurse
Who, Fox and Bretbart?
=Great me! Fake them! Repeating-makes-believing!
couldn't agree with you more. The people really get how discombobulated your brain must be
love my totally awesome President.
@houseboatlennyI am a woman FOR Trump! Just because I'm not in the street protesting against you doesn't mean I don't count
Were those files you had there empty, Don?  Big mistake HUGE.
The fakers there, were your planted stooges giving their faked reactions to you.
.  Call them out and continue to expose these Fake News reporters for what they are....truth is what matters
lol the poeple get you buddy. Your ego will sink you lol
Stand strong DJT!
Yes we do. You can't suppress everyone. Your lies will come back to haunt you and America, not you, will win.
you are the King. King of disseminating fake news #apology? #disgusting #hypocrisy
What the people get is that you're incompetent. An egomaniac. A narcissist. Think skinned. #Trumpelthinskinned
may now consider his sources (3M illegal HRC voters, Birther etc.) before tweeting. @thinkfirst
CNN MSNBC CBS NBC ABC ALL CORRUPT FAKE NEWS
, the press conference stunk to high heaven.
can you please make just a little effort to be classy. Just a little would be nice.
loving your style as of late!!! Please reign in the debt if possible. Mr President we're all counting on you. =]
Looked to me like real news reporters asked questions to a fake president elect
aww the poor baby President Elect couldnt handle a few questions.. Ridiculous to see our "President" act like a child. SMH
You embarrassed yourself and America. Our once great country is ashamed of you.
