Thank you @FLOTUS @POTUS
Such lack of respect! Appalling!
And I’m talking about in the comments.
That’s my @realDonaldTrump
Did he throw medicine at them, like he threw supplies at the folks in PR???
Whoa!  Is he shitting himself here?
My thought too. He looks constipated!
He always looks constipated .. he's full of it
Haters will always hate thats all they know how to do, but guess what he is still POTUS!
There goes that racist President again, forcing those people to look happy he's come to support them.
Love the sarcastic spin
He is the one who looks forced....probably because he IS racist.
Trump went to court to force Palm Beach's racist policy to end. Now Jews & Blacks can join country clubs.  He is not a racist - case closed.
He also denied housing to minorities, attacked native Americans, Muslims, Hispanic people, not to mention central park 5.
Lies, upon lies, upon lies. It seems to be the MO of all liberals. God chose Trump to cleanse the evil from our government & media #Getready
Why would God choose someone guilty of all 7 deadly sins, adultery, lying, gossip, etc?
When Jesus died for our sins He died for all of them, not what man thinks is right, so.....
#FakeNews
Prayers for Tiffany ! 
Who did obummer visit in the hospital?
Takes a pic with a hero and left goes nuts.  See below.
Very nice photograph.
God bless you both, POTUS & FLOTUS, for bringing a measure of comfort to victims and their families. #VegasStrong
Phuck that.  Help PR, TX and FL.  Leave healthcare alone so the victims can be treated.  Quit selling us out.  Oh and resign or be arrested.
Look at POTUS smile...he is so cute 
Seriously?
I just love my President and First Lady 
And you're insane.
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
How disgusting to use this occasion as a photo op.
Aw evy, are you sad cause your obamanation isn't still president? Poor snowflake. We have a real President, Donald Trump
It’s all about a photo op!
What did you throw at her?
@MistahChikin  What was wrong in bringing some smiles to ppl in Puerto Rico?  Only one's criticizing #POTUS are libs/lefties w/no heart
WOW.... Do you *SMILE* when people launch crap at U?
@MistahChikin  Your clouded eyes of hate will only allow your definition of negativity to come in.
you use words like "hate" but I am sure that you don't know what they mean. I bet you LOVE GEEZUS too
@MistahChikin  You are the definition of hate-to dislike intensely or passionately; feel extreme aversion for or extreme hostility

@MistahChikin  glad you were able to find something that will help you.

Could ya back up so we can see the poor victim and her family? #LasVegasShooting #uncouth #trump
This wouldn't be you making it all about you again? Christ you're embarrassing 
Nice photo op Mr President...
JUst kidding I still hate him
I saw the video on this young lady and her comments were so true. President Trump is nothing like what social media make him out to be.
MSM doesn't make him out 2 be anything, he does that himself on live tv. Put a camera in front of him, and let him speak non scripted!!
Don't be brainwashed like the others.  It's obvious they don't like him because he calls them out on their petty headlines.
Brainwashed? Not me, I have good ears, and eyes. 
He needs a mini mental state exam, or simply a muzzle.
Buhahhahahhaha or real for real 

Here goes the moron liberals on this feed again! Too predictable really.  Nice visit with that family! MAGA
Trolls & bots REALLY out bigly today...I wonder why?
Once miss trump go blk she wouldn't go back jack hit the road u old
Let's see those taxes, comrade who thinks a shooting victim's hospital room is a great place for a giant cheesy selfie.
CON LATINOS!
Your daily reminder.  

Bess, you really need to get a life.
nah we really need to get a competent president who actually has public service experience & isn't a greedy cheating pig that's what we need
Dumb...you just described Bill Clinton. Yes, he had sex with a teen in the house where his so called wife and daughter we just feet away!
"we just feet away"

#wordswithrepublicans = shooting already dead fish in the world's smallest barrel
who's dumb now, matt?
You!
That cheese eating grin shows just how little empathy you have.
@zach_viana your post shows you have no empathy at all for anyone
Oh? How so?
If u can't understand your lack of empathy in YOUR comment...u might b too far gone.
The empathy that comes from a narcissist posing with victims and tries to make everything about him?
That's his agenda? So u know that for a fact or r u speculating?
It's not an agenda, it's just his personality. Just look at his tiff with Tillerson
Which was proven to b false.
The best president
President Trump's encouragement and his overwhelming compassion !
He is incapable of feeling compassion he is a sociopath. They only feel sorry for themselves.
So when he helps sick children, brings troops home after war, helps a person being attacked, hes a psycho?
fake, stage for more money for black ops.
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=47994 
Thanks!
Special!
Yeah he's special alright.
Este a mídia não Derruba 
ZBEUB ZBEUB
...then he deported her.
My president
Trump is so phony.  He looks like he can't wait to get out of there.
.@realDonaldTrump she's in that bed because of your support of the #NRA and for not doing anything about gun laws you idiot
No gun laws would of stopped the attack lol go run along

Dan working hard for Donald J Putin.
#TrumpIsAMoron
@cathykaku1  I feel so sorry for you and your hate filled heart.
"Hate filled heart"....lol! Love that condescending line! Just cause Trump is Making America a Joke Again doesnt make one hate filled.
@CramerDon  making fun of a pic of someone in an hospital bed after a horrific shooting is displaying hatred and not compassion
Obama never treated shooting victims like cheesy photo props.
Are you kidding?
Longest uninterrupted period of economic growth and job gains in American history after inheriting a great depression & 2 wars.
His supporters will follow him to hell Obama was a community agitator who got elected did nothing and ride affirmative action to White House

Republican opened fire on people in church, killing 9.
Ok 1 act
Cool!  He is a REAL President.  She is such a classy First Lady.
Yeah, because Mihelle did SO much....
Actually Michelle was embracing orphans in Africa instead of orphans who lost their parents in the Hurricane Katrina.
It doesn't matter how they became an orphan, either way it's difficult.  
Difficult times when OB turned a blind eye to America.
Well she seems happy so i wont be an ass and point out all the bad things about Trump like I normally do! He made her smile thats what count
If you are a Progressive liberal making negative comments on this SHAME.The blood of patriots barely dry on the pavement.U helped cause this
Patriots? Embellish much. They are victims of the NRA and people that would much rather see mass murder than to part with a piece of metal.
So they deserved it according to you?
Do you even know the definition of patriot or is just another feel good word used to hide your ignorance? They died because of gun love!
Well I don't know if you have served but many in my family have and some don't come back. I think I have a solid grasp of what a patriot is
Nope. You really don't.
Sir we solute you. Than you for caring for America. OB and Michelle cared more for Africa than victims of hurricane Katrina. #MAGA
GW’s left toe nails did more for America than OB.
OB only gave billions of our tax dollar away to folks who wants to kill Americans.
Middle East!
Is she white? I knew that...
Racist much?
Turmp is so ill at ease....he really sucks at photo ops.


@letourneau_pat  You are in need of mental help
Anyone who supports turmp is by definition insane and a traitor.  I don't.
@letourneau_pat anyone that does not support WHOEVER is #POTUS is insane and a traitor.
Yeah....I ain't you.  I actually have read the constitution & pay attention to the oaths. Keep your head in the sand....the adults got this.
I too have read the constitution and pay attention.  Calling ppl traitors and insane are immature bully tactic.
Now go put your pretty little head back in the sand just like trump wants you to.
Poor girl. Shot by a domestic terrorist and then has to endure a visit from the old orange bitch. Sad!
What a horrible ordeal!

And, on top of getting shot.
His motives are good. He really cares about these people. So unfair that everything good that he does is turned into something bad.
Fake Wife Fake Smile Fake Heart Fake President
 Only thing that's real is the Victims & your being in the pocket of & kissing the NRA's Ass!
Bravo
That poor woman.
God bless you Mister Präsident Donald Trump and USA 
Potus Take a step back. The patient ist the star.
Would they have visited if there weren't any cameras?
I think President did his job. We all should give him a credit for that. Any president would do the same thing that Trump did.
As much as I can't stand him... I agree
Photo-op ass
God bless...
This pic says it all. Victim way in back with Trumps face way up front. It's never about any1 but him
Creepy picture.  Why did you push yourself to the front of the photo?  You were there for the injured not for your own ego.  Callous creep.
Perfect chance for a photo-op 
Herpes 1 would have been playing golf!
je crois que c vraiment touchant
have to use the bathroom?
NO doubt about it! The previous so-called "pResident" would not have taken time to do that!
Omg your like SO right
You get that I was being sarcastic right?!
Still looks constipated!
Oh, really? 'Lone wolf's' galpal has agreed 2 talk 2 authorities?? How sweet+nice. What about easing her into a chair for next 36hrs pow-wow
the wolves are after you
#my opinion  2 have a guns 2 ! No high power guns . once u check  u have oready a 2 guns dat  all u get
So proud of my President!  Love these pictures!  Keep up the good work, both Mr. & Mrs. Trump!
What a coward president...
What dead set goose!
You really are narcissistic. What is up with you retweeting all of these look at me photo ops?
LOVE  THIS PHOTO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3QTCh3BLNE …
Like they give a shit. Please.
Did you throw aspirin at the patients and tell them to enjoy their stay?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCU6hlLlZzU …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAbQ-UAbBmw …


Photo ops.
Disgusting. Cheesing it up with a victim of gun violence. You and the NRA have blood on your hands.
Glad u helped his photo shoot out bc he still won’t do anything about them guns
But this can’t be so he’s racist and it has to be true the dems told the libs he was!!!!
I’m so proud to have @POTUS & @FLOTUS who cares. God bless you and guide you both. We love you!
Fake smile (everyone say cheese)
Obviously this wounded WARRIOR wanted her picture taken with the POTUS AND FLOTUS!!
Hi
"Get sick soon."
What a wonderful, warm photo!
Work it @realDonaldTrump
Stop already with the president Dems and Woman who wanted Hilary still cant get over it.  U LOST Obama was the worse what did he do? NOTHING
President Trump, is their to help. Get over it hater's.
I saw this sweet, brave young woman on a video earlier today. Our thoughts and prayers for a speedy recovery Tiffany. God Bless You 
May God Bless our @POTUS & @FLOTUS! They work night & day for each one of us. I'm so proud to STAND with @realDonaldTrump 
Trump takes #NRAbloodmoney and then smiles with victims of #NRATerrorism
Nice Halloween picture, especially the goblins on the right
This is beautiful! POTUS and FLOTUS! Awesome!
Wait a second the left said the concert was full of white supremacist Nazi Trump supporters!
If the left wants to keep doing that, fine. Watch what happens in 2018! We will be back to the polls in massive numbers AGAIN! #MAGA

Thank God for our WONDERFUL President who REALLY CARES about ALL American people! THANK YOU Mr. President! Dennis Dullea
I love POTUS & FLOTUS TRUMP. GREAT HUMAN BEINGS. GOD BLESS YOU ALL! TO THE VEGAS VICTIMS GET BETTER SOON!! KEEP THE FAITH IN GOD!!
A photo before he deports http://them.How  touching.
Get well soon Tiffany. The whole country is pulling for you!
He is the creepiest looking man!
Hasn't she suffered enough?
I love how the girl is the focus of this Trump pic.....sigh

@seductivmailman

BEAUTIFUL SOUL 
Illinois Man Installed 
58 WHITE CROSSES ON THE LAS VEGAS STRIP TO HONOR THE VICTIMS …

That smile.   Nightmares
Another phony Photo Op for a man with no empathy. Did he throw paper towels at her or was it the teddy bear?
Stick your big face in the camera.
At least he has done one thing riggt.
And how about Healthcare
BRAVo PREZE Donald Trump
Nice to know you u care about the little people.
Seriously? I wouldn't let him near my female child.
The picture feels weird considering the scale of the shooting and all the people who lost their lifes. 
I would throw my bedpan at him.
Can't we stop the crap and get along and have some respect for our president.
When we get one we will
https://twitter.com/newttrump/status/916141383894872065 …
I hope he kept a roll of that paper towel cause by the look on Trumps face, I reckon he’s about to shit himself

Great job of cut and paste! Isn't that Boris and Natasha on the right?
When is Melania going to give up on this old wrinkly man?
The left has so much hate. God Bless America! Thank you President Trump for your kind genuine love for all Americans
@realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS look like they're just there for the photo op.
I am an independent so it can be believed when I say thank you president Trump for caring about all of us and helping us get through Irma to
Lovely photo op..What does Melania do other than smile for photos?
Stop finding something to complain about with everything @realDonaldTrump tweets. He's done a good thing, why do you find reasons to hate?
Is he going to deport any of them?
Hopefully she can afford to pay for her health care. ......
You took a lot of smiling selfies; it's just weird.
FAKE!!
#FocusFocusFucus-The grins are overdone.  This was not a happy moment and big smiles were not appropriate. You can do better than this @POTUS. Feign #empathy even when you are trying to promote yourself. "I Think I Can, I Think I Can, I think I Can." Go #BigEngine!  You CAN lead!
What the hell.is he smiling about?
What a stupid grin
She appears to Mexican or Latino you gonna deport her next? Remember the Wall? You are FAKE

Most of you guys commenting on this are deeply disturbed people. Even in tragedy you rave like unhinged obsessed hate filled nuts.
You're still a f@cking moron, falsely pretending to express empathy from prepared scripts unable to speak honestly from the heart. #moron
Why is Trump smiling like a moron... oh never mind
I bet anything this family will never vote Democrat again after meeting the president and seeing how kind he is. No more Fake News.
What a horrible picture.  @realdonaldtrump and @flotus recoiling from the patient and family.  CHEEEZZE!  (Or  CHHHEEETOOOO).  #resist
First Corinthians 13

Love...
Thank you and your beautiful Wife,
yep and they have to make sure they are the focus of the pic. sad.
Did he throw you a roll of paper towel
Lol when alt left looks more authentic then alt right #photoshop
Awesome! A president who cares!
Getting a photo with a victim is all that matters to you.
Implement stricter gun control!
This is just a campaign stop for you. Your smiles are the epitome of "Fake News".  @billmaher
I want to puke! This is not about you! No compassion whatsoever!

செய்வன திருந்தச் செய்.
I am so proud of our President and first lady. I send prayers their way every night. God Bless America!
Go Pres and 1st Lady!!!
Only Trump take the opportunity to take a photo with every victim for the White House posted on Twitter . His smile says it all .
