Repeating Labor Dept stats for this nitwit:

Obama Feb.2016-July 2016: 
1,246,000 jobs added

Trump Feb.2017-July 2017:
1,074,000 jobs added
Plus a fair amount of Trump's numbers are hangovers from Obama's term because it's not like everything changes magically the day he started
And I think we are actually still in Obama's fiscal year!!!!
*Checks* Yep, we are, from 1 October 2016 to 30 September 2017, same fiscal year and a solid half of that was all Obama
82 months of straight growth! Translation: 

THANKS OBAMA! 
That goes triple for me & another triple from my Wife ~ whom I Respect  Thank You Obama !
The Duck  has spoken > Another Untruth ~ A Boldfaced Lie! <and that’s the Truth as everyone knows ~ except “Da Donald”
#ThanksObama

Quick... What day does your budget go into effect? October 1st you fucking dim-wit. Thanks to @POTUS44 for our wonderful economy. xo

“Lock’em up” !
"Thanks POTUS Trump!"  Obama can't take that away from you.
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movem...
Uh ... not so excellent, dude.
Number of jobs added each month from Jan-Sep for last 7 yrs.
(Source: Bureau of Labor Statistic)
> Does ANYONE in this World  of today still believe your  ?? Take a look at your approval ratings ~ sinking rapidly 
If you don't help Puerto Ricans they will move to Florida and vote against you.
I Urge EVERYONE
JOIN YOUR LOCAL @GOP 
MAKE A CHANGE FROM WITHIN! 
LOW TURNOUT IS OUR WORSE ENEMY!
This is a REMINDER.. We Can Talk About Suing the @GOP & Bitch About them...
BUT you have to JOIN them to MAKE A CHANGE
@GOP meeting tonight 
Keep fighting the good fight and you're supporters will stand beside you through the darkness.

Thank Obama for the rules and programs that you put in place. The ones this asshat is now trying to take credit for. Nice try Cheeto & Chief
Can't wait to watch all the haters eat words when they're proven there was no collusion. Dems have no message. Obama was a joke. #MAGA
You get no damn credit. We live in capitalist country .The credit goes to President Obama. Thank you President Obama the best ever!
Thanks Obama!

Yeah! Obama did a great job didn't he.

More proof that we don't need you.
Thanks Obama
Haha
Added fewer jobs than last month!
@CBSNews Tell us Mr Trump your secret 4 increased job numbers? Could it b your TWEETS, TV watching 24/7, your golf game or your VACATIONS
Mr Trump remember 1 thing the jail u will eventually b going 2 is a jail u built yourself by your own actions
The Democratic Party has more in common with the Nazis
This is like your 3rd tweet about this today. Let it go. Everyone knows you had nothing to do with this cuz you haven't done anything yet
#FelonyFriday
Thank you for all you've done and continue to do!! Your dedication hasn't gone unnoticed!
Yes thank you for this very informative tweet.   Keep them going.  #MAGA
Thanks Obama!
Thanks Obama! His policies are working
In N.C.small business owner in Const.bus. new http://Const.got  contract Jan.put Roof & Siding on 150 new homes signed 200 more July.
Same jobs numbers as when @BarackObama was in office. You said those numbers would increase with you. 

#ObamaEconomy #ThanksObama
President Donald J. Trump  The yen weakens against the dollar.
Awesome. More people will be working when you get us into a nuclear war.
Riddhi
Thanks Obama!
For leaving!
You are beyond fragile 
The job numbers are still because of Obama, what policy have you written?  You've done nothing but golf and crow and the boons Obama left.
Thank you Obama for caring for America so well that this craptard is able to still ride your coattails months after your gone.
Just a reminder.
Dearest Donald you have no understanding of your job or the economy your policies have not taken effect yet
Numbers are down from June. Not only do you need remedial reading, but a math tutor! #LiarInChief #DelusionalWhiteHouse #25thThe45th
I thought the jobs numbers were fake tho

#MAGA
Always and forever.....
#MAGA
Job growth has slowed since you've been in office.
But, as you've frequently said, these numbers are all fake.
Hey Donald, How Many Grand Juries Were there in the Benghazi Investigation?

0, because that really was a Nothingburger!!
Keep boasting about how the economy is doing so well.  It is, and that's Because of OBAMA you moron!
"We" not"I" would sound so much better
Ya there not your numbers today would be a good day to show us your taxes before Bob mueller shows us them #Russiagate #Felonyfriday
I thought all last year when the numbers were actually higher they were phony
3/and ur new immigration policy would harm growth & the economy says every economist including the conservative Cato Institute.
Only just begun what?
Your vacation? Stealing credit?
Taking credit for Obamas budget? 
Yours won't start till after September and that will be a drag on the economy
It's hilarious how lunatic liberals are saying your economic accomplishments are because of Obama. They literally have nothing 

Time for a nice loooooooong holiday.
Thank You Mr. President I'm so happy with all the great changes thank you
WHAT Changes ??? He’s done NOTHING worthy of any credit. He’s spent most of his time congratulating himself for things that he hasn’t done!
Keep telling yourself that > maybe you’ll even believe it ? WE sure don’t . Your past is ALL 
Except is hasn't been anything you've done.  You are the WORST twitter in Chief, the founding fathers are rolling over in their graves
Signing EO's only signifies your intent whereas it could take years for regulatory change to actually happen.
What about the up to 40% unemployment rate you talked about during the election?
Thank you President Trump~ keep working for Americans and drain that swamp !!!
Like you had anything to do we the current job level haha.  Nice try on that spin
keep it up Mr President MAGA, ignore all these dimwits with their negative responses, you are doing great
YOU have NOT BEGUN anything. Stop trying to take credit for someone else's work. Can't you be honest for once in your life?
Russia, Russia, Russian. Collusion. Collision., Collison  repeat. retweet and  never forget a President who sells America down the river.
Oh brother, take credit for something you haven't done... your deregulations have done virtually nothing to create jobs oh by the way...
"Trump tweets about "excellent" jobs report 15 minutes after its release, violating federal rule"
And there u go patting yourself on the back with your tiny hands...u know deep down ur not responsible for it.  Say it with me...Obama
☆Fire McMaster.
You are a laughing stock. Can't wait for your impeachment!
THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA for stimulating the economy. 45 hasn't a clue how any of this works. 
Excellent job Mr. President
President Trump we need to start a. Conservative twitter they keep shutting me , down sick of it. I read all this lib trash I fight back
I liked to meet some these Libs in dark alley!! Sick of THIER crap!!!
Where's that Pennsylvania Foxconn plant promised in 2013, 50,000 jobs? Wisconsin offers Foxconn tax subsidiary of $19,000 per job yearly.
Why do you NEVER, EVER criticize Putin?

#TrumpRussia
Why anyone would oppose the fantastic things you are doing for this country is beyond reason. You are making America great again! Thank you!
Can you go one day without lying? #TrumpTreason
You're not fooling us. You don't get credit for what Obama started. Trend has been up for several years.
Please please drop McMasters, he's a snake! Surely u must c this?
THANKS, Obama!  Thanks,  Obama!
Thank you for the job growth President Obama!
Shout out 2 OBAMA!
Thank you OBAMA for hard work and job creation and excellent economy u turned over / this DESTROYER of the US!! Tump=SAD
Thanks Obama for these numbers.
Does anybody really think that this man cares if people have jobs or is he thinking about 2020?
Maybe you should tell people the jobs #s for the first 7 months of last year were better.
Now you're going to derail your momentum by going on a 17 day golf binge. Without you are going to hemorrhage jobs like Venezuela. SOS Kush!
Stop taking credit for Obama's success. It's really stupid

https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/885196341143511040 …
Fake numbers
Thanks to @POTUS44 . These are still his numbers. Your numbers won't start to show until 2018.
Get R Done
None of the numbers have anything to do with you. Wait for the October numbers.
isn't it great to inherent a great job rate from PRESIDENT OBAMA,AND IT'S. STILL ON TRACK.THANKS  PRESIDENT OBAMA.
So u want us 2 believe the market suddenly bloomed for a loser who has a record of financial incompetence & failure & created no policy? 

If you keep defunding/attacking the sciences we become the worst America. This may be the reason we loss the next War.Think Manhattan proj.
Thank you President Obama
Thanks President Obama - good job!
Greatness 

Obama had better numbers, just fyi
You take credit where it's not due, your disgusting as your appearance!
Thanks @BarackObama for the great job numbers! Your policies made this all possible.
In fact just go and play even more golf ( if that's possible) as you seem to be able to lie, cheat and use alt-facts there with less danger
Begun? You have done nothing. Worse than nothing. You have undone consumer protections, and protections for the planet. You are a scourge.
On the campaign trail you claimed the jobs numbers weren't accurate and were fake. But now we should believe them because you cite them?
What numbers? The ones you make up in that oversized orange head of yours. Get your finger out your ass and go home to NY!!
So if the second time Trump has violated this rule..........  why isn't some action being taken
Same job reports that you said were FAKE  under @BarackObama ?#FakePresident
You are so dilusional #SAD and scary.
Yes, tyvm @BarackObama
America is productive again! alive and breathing! I can finally lift my head with pride as an American Because of You president Trump!
Obama's achievement not Trump's. 
Oh, you mean those "fake numbers" you talked about all of Obama's adminsitration?
Those numbers are from the Obama administration. Fed Gov fiscal year doesn't start until October. You, sir is a liar.
The sun has risen every day since you were elected.  Thank you for that.
You do realize that the monthly job gains actually have gone DOWN since your election, right?!?
Nope. Those numbers are still thanks to President Obama. You have no effect on economy until 2018. You don't get credit.
Yeah, move your and Ivanka's outsouced to China clothing lines back to America!
Thank you @POTUS44 for your hard work. I  POTUS that work hard for all. #POTUS45 doesn't work but takes credit that doesn't belong to him.
Good job! Now lets go fishing ;)

Thank you Mr. President!!!!   
Oh, look...The President just broke the law again by commenting on federal data that hasn't been publicly available for an hour yet. Sad!
Thanks @BarackObama
You ignore worker wages and do nothing about age discrimination. You're doing nothing more than gutting checks that make things balanced.
Mr. Trump if you want to do something good for the people remove the FDA ban of vitamin B17
Taking credit for something you had no part of-shocking  NO WAY!
Excuse me! Is Trump STILL allowed to tweet while he is "on vacation"? We could all use a little time away from this pompous knownothing.
Will you and Ivanka move the manufacturing of your brands here? That would creat jobs too...
So are you and your family closing offshore sweat-shops and moving manufacturing to USA...
Wow that might be a good idea.
But not likely.
Thanks Obama
OMG! there u go again! assuming u had something to do with it. cutting regs doesn't add jobs stupid!
Hey Donny boy guess u r proud to be the big deregulator. Hail the Manchester capitalism. The next generation will piss on yr grave USA SA SS
Agree, you did boost job numbers for lawyers, FBI special council, and paneled grand jury!
But how many more lawyers are your going to need!
Love what you've done! YOU ARE MY PRESIDENT and proud of it...
All haters can KMS...
The numbers have little to nothing to do with you, Donald.  You're a blowhard!
Too bad you don't believe in the job reports numbers. As you said for the past eight years,  they are bogus.
Same as when Obama was president. No credit for you!
...All but yours! The Supreme Court is going to chew you up and spit you like a fireball. Can't wait for your impeachment day! #USA #MAGA
Not for us Parker Hanifon is moving our jobs to India
go to jail. Do not pass go
We only just begun ~ Carpenters
NOPE we're moving BACK 2 the time of HITLER (August 4, 2017; 8:45 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You're still not as good as Obama was and Hillary did beat you in the popular vote by 3 Million!!!!!
So you think you STARTED job growth???  OBAMA started that 82 months ago!  Try again!!

#NOKOcliffnotes 1) The only good solution is through China. NOKO & China are trading partners with a good  
All these Godless Communist Democrats talking about jobs and yet all of them are living in mom's basement and have no jobs funny
Obama built that house (jobs) you came in and turned on the lights to take full credit. No, it's NOT because of you.
get off the golf course and back to work

Thanks Obama!!
Hey Mr Prez, why are you going on vacation?  You presidency is so toast...It's like your on vacation every day!  Congrats, your the worst
The economy continues it's steady recovery. Trump has done ZERO NOTHING NADA to help! Obama's smart and thoughtful approach is trump proof!
You haven't done anything to promote job growth , beside helping all your corrupt buddy's to get a cabinet position and destroy all our laws
Obama created more jobs last year during the same period! The only jobs you can take credit for are caddy jobs at your golf courses! Sad!
Dude. You don't understand economics. This is residual effects from Obama. Why do you and Ivanka still have stuff made in China?
Lets get excited about what may be coming with tax reform and other deregulations but not forget we still have many problems to be solved.
Did you & Family move yours back?
This pig takes credit for everything andhas done nothing . he is certifiable and deranged
Thank you @BarackObama
Really? You think you did this? It is called momentum. Your welcome, Obama.
I LOVE my President!Soon the USA will realize your strategy to MAKE AMERICA GREAT &STRONG!You are the VERY BEST PRES OF MY TIME! TY 4 UR SVC
Never a SMARTER MAN HAS HELD THIS OFFICE! Ty4taking this HUGE responsibility as OUR PRESIDENT! YOU ARE MY HERO!PRES. TRUMP IS SMART& KNOWS
Keep up the good work Mr. President!
More lies from the naked emperor.
Awesome news. For Communications Director,My vote is for #StephenMiller ;he's eloquent, brilliant, & not afraid to push Back to unruly press
