@DNC JUST IN Sessions confirmation delay Scott King letter aloud will be the Impeachment of DJT 1/25-2/1/17 firing Yates willingly knowing

Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it...
过来看看

@realDonaldTrump you won !!! Now get on with the business of the Potus !!! Just be Presidential Mr.President ! The rest is bullshit !!! Seriously!!! Stop!! Please!!!
You couldn't get your story straight if you had a flatiron.
HONEST MEN DON'T LIE UNDER OATH.  BUT THEN WHAT WOULD YOU KNOW ABOUT HONESTY COMRADE DRUMPF?

@POTUS With this job, you are supposed to start doing it, not just crow about winning it.  You are doing a terrible job.
nope.
unfortunately R Corrupt DemBrats are pissed your not Corrupt or can be bought off so they'll try & destroy you Stay Strong
Lying under oath is called perjury...Punishment should be the same. #Sessionsshouldresign
As a mother, I have a built in bullshit detector. The alarm is going off.
If Sessions is as honest as you say he is, he has nothing to fear. Why are you so upset? Afraid what will be found?
he lied..
just want SESSIONS out  because they know he will serve justice on those wicked democrats DON'T LET HIM GO!
the witches are in the White House! Get busy looking immediately!
just like Devos, who lied under oath, & Mnuchin & Price & Perry. With all these quality candidates, y does it take so long?
Perjury. Learn about it, loser.
HE LIED- and alternative facts are just plain lies- and to Congress it's called PURJERY!!!
everybody you hiring are wonderful, great my goodness why Flinn left? Or I should said got fired
Jeff Sessions lied. Period. He met with Russians at the RNC convention, as did many others. Collusion in tampering & hacks.
your excellency the war against you is the same as against president sisy in egypt . From the devils the brotherhoods
...oh, and he's a racist, seems like neither of you can be honest about that. Suck it trump!
Amazing, deflection is not ok her neither is obfuscating.  He lied.
what a liar!
defending AG Grand wiz.
Aka  Bull Sessions
I understand that lying is completely right for you. You can't do anything else!
what a liar! trump and this entire republican administration.
Perhaps he could have told the truth.  I understand that is a foreign idea to you, but it would be a welcome change.
FAKE NEWS
YES! WE ALL KNOW HE IS HONEST ABD HONORABLE...
Mr. President all of the Democrats in the House & Senate are loyal to Obama & they are trying to over through you.
he LIED,  during his confirmation HEARING !  Nothing wrong with that?  The White House has become LA LA LAND!
Cockwomble. Incompressible jizztrumpet. Shitgibbon. Tit, just tit. Cocksplat! Muppet! Mangled apricot.
his about as honest as you, show us your taxes, traitor... #FakePresident #investigateTrump
@PressSec nopes. There aren't degrees of accuracy. It's either accurate or it's not. It wasn't.
Sessions job then and now is To protect his chosen candidate.
@PressSec honest men don't LIE! All thr Cabinet has LIED during confirmation. The whole lot of you should be facing
@GaetaSusan I disagree, his response was accurate he answered the question. They didn't ask if he ever talked to them.
Or...he LIED!   #LIAR
so he did talk to the Russians during campaign....Thanks for the tweet. Just more evidence to bring you down.
don't get caught up in pussy squirt match w pilose Prilosec sucker. Do what u went in there to do.
IT WAS ALL A SET UP SO THEY COULD HAVE RECOURSE TO REMOVE HIM, THEY FEAR HIM
Jeff Sessions and Donald J. Trump are verifiably and undeniably LIARS!  There is no truth in the Trump Administration.
and we should believe this because you said so!! Yeah right !! Fake president !!
si tacuisses philosophus mansisses
you are too funny #crookedAlabamaPolitician #corruptedBigly
Comrade Drumpf, how do you say "lying sack of excrement" in Russian?
#IStandByAGSessions!
NO President Fart - he LIED!!!
.@realDonaldTrump Would we let a child get away with "I don't recall" as a response when questioned about possible wrongdoing? NO!
The bullshit is strong with this one.
Praying for him and his wife! These people are crazy and heartless so sad.
he lies through his teeth, just like you do every time you open that poor excuse you have for a mouth!
he lied to Congress face the facts
liar
@PressSec oh he's turned out to be real truthful One embarrassment after another
you wouldn't know the truth if it slapped you up the side of the head and put you in prison #DieInPrison
liars surround themselves with liars. B players invite C and D players. Unfortunately they don't know they are B players
Jeff Sessions is a racist perjurer
an honest man would not lie under oath. period.
Session's testimony was accurate..he answered the question. The clown asked an obtuse question BC it was a setup question.
Russian Ambassador visited the obama White House 22 times. Only met with Sessions ONCE! We all KNOW whats going on here.
Why should we belive that JS is honest? You vouching for him does not help. You lie constantly.
release your tax returns, sessions lied under oath.
Sessions should not resign! Do not cave to the evil Democrats
GEE, The World's Biggest Liar, telling us that #JeffSessions is an #honest man What's that You have a bridge to sell me
So...you're going to fire him then, right?  #MAGA
guess that is why he recused himself.
@Midgespeaks talk to the Iranian woman Barrack Houses follow the the Money from Iran something fishy there
he committed perjury! That typically requires jail time!
The veterans. The forgotten man and women. We need to unite and fight fight fight.  The Democratic Party is stolen valor.
bull shit
honest?  Seriously?
If Sessions is honest, he's senile, unable to remember who he met & when. He should quit or be fired. #SessionsLied
Puuuuuh-lease.
why was it clearly not the complete truth and nothing but the truth
If Jeff Sessions was an honest man, he wouldn't be working for you. Full Stop.
good point made well
he offered it up, that's what guilty parties then to do, offer up the lies to preemptively protect themselves
He committed perjury
coming from a delusional liar, this means negative zero
FYI: "more accurately" - weasel words. An honest man would say either "he's telling the truth" or "he's lying".
this what the Democrats  and left are ," oh what a wicked Web they weave, when in their hearts try to deceive.
They are all loyal to Obama & Obama is the head of the snake and must be dealt with. We need our country back. Thanks.
no, I flat out lied under oath.
"more accurately" as in he could have "not lied under oath?"
and if you were honest you would release your tax returns NOW!!!
God Bless You President Trum0
they think they can set him up where he can't go after them for their corrupt actions. Tell him to hang tough and sic em!
"stated his response more accurately" isn't that the same thing as a lie? #alternativefacts
Honest? Clearly another word used without using the Dictionary.
perjury?
HE LIED UNDER OATH!! Not that that means anything to you, but some of us care a great deal.
Deny
OMG!!! LMAOROF! If #Sessions is honest, why'd he commit perjury. Oh wait. It's YOUR definition of "honest." LoL Explains it
Sessions is a liar.
YOU ARE NOT GETTING ENOUGH REPUBLICANS TO FACE DOWN THESE ROTTEN PEOPLE. WE MUST DO MORE FOR YOU, MR. PRESIDENT
bring bk ur positive I know it must b infested w stink negative but u r best when positive leads
Jeff Sessions is an honest man... who happens to be a racist and in the pocket of Russia just like you. #twins #twinning
He'd be better if he supported medical marijuana...naysayers have no clue how beneficial it can be.
shhhhhhh- you lie ALL THE TIME...
Sessions did say something wrong. It's called a lie and perjury. Watching your meltdown makes me happy. #LiarTrump #resist
HE LIED!  Oh I get it, you do know truth and lying is acceptable and preferred by you. #NoIntegrity
I support you
not if you consider lying to congress?
he's so honest he lied about his connection to Russia just like you lied about everything you stand for. #hypocrite
Jeff Sessions is a racist liar.
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
...
He's our top cop thus thinks he's immune from perjuring himself. NE1 not on 45's team wld be having the book thrwn at them.
Sessions lied to Congress.  As a former federal prosecutor, I am horrified.  As a citizen, I am deeply embarrassed by you.
Sessions is a racist, never should have been confirmed
He's a LIAR. You're a LIAR. Very bad LIARS. LIES. LIES. MORE LIES. They're gonna getcha. #realnews
all this is a smoke screen to keep the focus off of Obama and what he  is doing. That is exactly what it is. Be careful
By "more accurately" you mean he could have told the truth. Yes, we all agree on that point.
gonna be great seeing you go down with him
Uh, if he didn't say anything wrong, why would he need to state his response 'more accurately?'  Dbl negative?
"more accurately"? "alternate truths"?  His answer should have been "Yes" or "No".  He said no, which was a lie!  Sad!
really. I used to like Hitler. But then I heard he liked diet coke.
Sessions is very loyal and honest, Sir.
He's a lying con like you and the rest of your jackboots.
Must be exhausting having to constantly cover for you or incompetent staff!
did you actually say that with a straight face? You're a better actor than I thought. You should go back to your tv job.
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is a liar! 

He is demonstrably a liar and a criminal. #LOCKHIMUP
He lied under oath. Just like you are a repeated proven liar
Oh. It was his alternative response  #tRumpRussia
"More accurately" as in perhaps telling the truth under oath.  Sessions should resign immediately. No credibility

you and he are LIARS!!
HE LIED UNDER OATH
an "honest" man who LIED UNDER OATH. I remember a certain president being impeached for lying about getting blowjobs.
Sessions is a liar just like you. Birds of a feather flock together!#ImpeachTrump #CrookedDonald #crookedSessions #losers
You maybe right but you are lying about the healthcare being better.
he lied to protect you.  How stupid can you be. You are going down! You are Putins puppet and he is pulling your strings.
By "more accurately" do you mean "truthfully?"  Yeah - TRUTHFULLY would have helped.
in UK Trump is another word for fart...just saying!! Remember that next time ur in uk
Wow give you enough rope & you'll hang anybody.  Saying he could have been more accurate is the same as saying he LIED.
nope he just has bad friends like you

an AG who can't tell the truth under oath is what America stands for
no it's either accurate or it's not. Not alternative truths , accurate or nor simple concept
"clearly not...."...the truth?.....
bullshit
Says the man who has no problem with lies.
#fakenews=fakepresident
not
Our "top cop" the USAG lies twice under oath, and you say he's an honest man?  Coming from you it's worthless and empty
Think we heard that song before.....wasn't Flynn the same! you are dishonest and surround yourself with dishonest people.
He could have just answered Sen. Franken's actual question and moved on. No explanation or denial necessary. Fear, I guess, huh?
-the dimwatts don't know that the purpose of a dip corps is communication, negotiation, appropriately shared info? Educate!
Real experienced politician thats mean and on your side you need dirt on all these Traitors and you need it now
@PressSec if JS doesn't see the necessity of disclosure of any mtg during that time he is not fit to be AG #SessionsRussia
just read "brain cancelled" instead of "train cancelled" and thought, wow, first real information 'bout your state of mind
still defending crooked Jeff? #SessionsLied
you do not right from wrong or truth from lie snowflake.
he lied under oath, that hardly makes him honest! He should resign!
Today, call him an honest man. Tomorrow, will you attack him like you have Obama? In the name of protecting your own back!
, just stop! Your behaviour is unbecoming a POTUS.
: I totally agree, but until you guys on the right stop attacking the left, they won't cooperate either. "Divided We Fall" !
He's an honest man, he just tells lies.
