I voted for you and I am seriously sorry I did
You are not gonna b forgiven just coz you said 'sorry'.You are accountable for his actions now.Unless u become an activist to get rid of him
No cool @Ducky_the_Thug. Let's not place blame.
I totally understand and I agree but I'm just done blaming the other side. That's all I'm with you. I refuse to keep being mad my BP stay up
I am angry every morning .. always some new bullshit. I continue to try to educate my friends but seems like they have a spell over them
Sorry to hear this. But I have to ask you, if you don't mind, what did Trump say to get you vote? I am just curious.
One would except it in California.
Accept
DEAR MR  PRESIDENT, I VOTED FOR YOU. I COULDNT VOTE FOR THE OTHER BUT I ALSO LIKE WHAT YOU WERE SAYING. NOW I FEEL LIKE YOU HAVE LIED TO US
HRC doesn't matter anymore. Fact is Trump is a liar and corrupt.
Yeah tell that to the libtards.
I'm really not interested in partisan bickering. Hope you'll hold the president accountable for his lies! We deserve honesty from leaders.
If you read the tweet you would see that's what I was doing. Now get off your high horse and go talk to someone that gives a crap about you!
You're right. I'm glad to see you doing it! Hope you'll continue! I've got nothing against you, Cindy. Just think ppl need to come together.
Who DO you consider Real Media?
the voices in his head, which clearly are from the syphilis rotting his tiny, pathetic, orange brain
*tiny, pathetic, orange penis
We see right through their LIES. @CNN @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews #fakenews we LOVE you @POTUS
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!! PEOPLE LIKE POMPEO  LIED ALSO. NOW YALL DONT LIKE WIKILEAKS??? REALLY WHY? COULD IT BE YALL HAVE BEEN TURNED?? WHAT IN
I voted for you largely because you ran on an anti-war, non-interventionist platform.If I wanted more war, I would have been "with her."
How many servicemen have we lost!!  There's money in war and he's all over that. 
So the fake media made you forget what country you bombed?
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
OK, I'll bite...What exactly do you consider to be the REAL MEDIA? Please be specific. I'm a citizen & a voter & deserve an answer!
How can you hold anyone to the truth when every other word you say is a lie. You've told so many lies and continue to do so with this tweet
Actually, we need to figure out some way to hold you to the truth.
#ReleaseYourTaxes #conflictofinterest #alternativefacts your impeachment is a matter of time @POTUS
1. That's inaccurate; they're just no longer giving you a free pass 2. Apparently, the media is held to a higher standard of truth than you
The fake pres (not real pres) is a con man who is stealing tax payers money, making billionaires richer, using office for personal gains.
Don't watch Any of the Fake news . Fox is getting pretty bad. Shep Smith lies all the time.
J
says the guy who pushes breibart, infowars and fox #resist
Thanks for explaining FakeMedia. Maybe less #whitesplaining and more figuring out where you sent that battleship #fakepresident #LiarInChief
It's not just them.it is all the free blogs and Twitter that are slandering everyone.must stop this. It is out of control.
Start blocking those that attack his tweets!
Thank you I did.
damn right we do!! Just look at the piece they did on the #Patriots going to the #WhiteHouse completely false!! And they question #FakeNews

He lives in an alt universe. The guy has a severe mental disorder!!!
Minority President #ReleaseYourTaxes
Lol, that's the pot calling the kettle black, you really need to a comedian, very funny
They just report in the lies, treason and foolishness going in in your admin, you're a DISASTER!
Power of the mind. Andy Pero is real & probably wants a medal.Stop mindwar. Or tell gifted kids they werent drugged & bending spoons is real
#ReleaseYourTaxes Holding you to the truth. #ReleaseYourTaxes
"You can't handle the truth"!!!
Who holds you to the truth
We are trying to hold you to the truth as well. But you keep changing to alternate facts.
but the truth is even worse
Please put in a law banding slander of anyone.make it a crime. Only then will it stop.hold people actable.
especially when the ONLY person RT you is ME #lulz 
must meet this woman you're slandering


Well, not everyone gets their news from the National Enquirer and Fox News
@sqampy_fandoms "Fake (Meaning not real)"
Like Your example of journalism at its best, Alex"clown nose"Jones. Fox?Breibart?Gypsies? Ivanka?? Pls, Go back to golfing.
@seameats TFM (NRM)
#noflyzone4rojava
Agree.  I do not watch CNN anymore.  Tired of their talking heads.
@henlesloop4 im glad he put the parentheses there lol
Most of your likes look like bots. 0-20 followers? smh
We see through the fake media most of my Facebook friends even in the state of Pennsylvania we see through their lies
You mean YOUR fake truth...
The fake president (not elected without corrupt deal with Russian handlers) not real president - has gotten even worse since the election.
Your alternative truth? #Diaperstaindonnie you dont know the truth. #liarinchief
But yet you give them so little to work with in that arena.
@ShelleyOzzy "In a time of Universal deceit, speaking THE TRUTH is a revolutionary act" George Orwell in his book 1984
here's some truth for you. So you won't wonder why everyone calls you a pig.
Yes sir I'll be so glad when the drugs they are obviously on wear off and the news is the news again and not someone's illusion! Thank you!
Just how do u plan to "hold them to the truth?" As I can see...most tell truths..except ure Fake News Oulets like Breitbart etc...
We need to hold YOU and President Bannon to the truth! #trumpLies #impeachtrump
Smh
Same thing happens in India @BDUTT @sagarikaghose @surdesairajdeep @RazdanNidhi @RanaAyyub
We are all smart enough to know that fake means not real, but thanks.
Keep doing what your doing president Trump I am a combat vet Vietnam I am older now just say yes I will do what we have to thank you mark
Stop it Ole Donnie your are fake news. Your Administration is fake news everyday all day
Thanks for clearing up the opposite of fake,  genius.
And you need a good PR person and someone also to remind you what you have said.
You are completely delusional!!
Hmm is it Ron? Ryan? Iraq? Syria? You don't have a clue of what's going on,going on. Mr.Repeat. Please see a doctor asap.
Please stop spreading fake news!!
- They are a joke, they think the American people are stupid. We see them for what they are!
Yes, I do agree
Thank you for clarifying the real vs fake media.
And one thing your famous for mr. Trump..is your love of truth....haha ha
One America New's Network Is The Only New's Network You Can Trust To Deliver You Honest New's Coverage!
@Midgespeaks
This one ill effect of Capitalism.

Everything can be bought for a price
FAKEITIS: AN UNCONTROLLABLE URGE OF MEDIA 2 KISS THE MOGUL _SSES THAT GET THE SUIT CASES OFFROM GLOBALIST SOCIALIST COMMIES @georgesoros!
Yes, Great President. hold them to the truth. especially beat dictators and liers
Why do the Republicans keep going on CNN. The Democrats never go on FOX. BOYCOTT CNN the home of the fake news
No one could possibly tell more lies than you & your corrupt WH.

Who said
 "Women, you have to treat 'em like shit."
The Media or the President ?
What about making fake Trump face the truth?
'Fake Media( not Real Media)" You are delusional. WTF is Fake Media? We the ppl have to hold liar FAKE POTUS to truth! You stole election.
Hey lying don have you located your navy lately?  You are clueless and unfit for the job.  If it wasn't so dangerous it would be comical SAD

How can you talk about truth? You are world's BIGGEST LIAR!!!
FORGET THE MEDIA THE PEOPLE NEED YOU WE ARE INNUNDATED WITH CRIME AND BAD JUDGES ITS A NIGHTMARE GET THEM ALL OUT
Yes lets please get them back focused on the criminal acts of the Obama Adm and the Clintons.  That would be great POTUS
How about holding you to the truth? Tax returns for example?
You are delusional and need a doctor...
Doing great President Trump, keep up the great work!
You wouldn't know the truth if it jumped up and bit you in the ass.
You wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the head!
Someone needs to hold you to the truth. Because you don't know what the truth is
Facts are facts
No Don. We have to hold YOU to the truth. It's so hard, I know.
We'd LOVE to hold YOU to the truth!  Which ones are fake media this week?  The ones who question your lies. #accountability
ok
Said the Yugest LIAR seated nest to Satan himself.
NO you have this wrong, the most you are president the more truth you are getting upset because the truth is just awful for your to hear.
We are so TIRED of it! We love are President Trump and we want THE SWAMP DRAINED! 
Starting with the disaster known as #FoxNews, and specifically with Bill O'Reilly and @seanhannity #LiarsAreLosers #FauxNews #GetReal
We have to hold YOU to the truth.  You talk, you're lying. Dictators want to stop the press from telling the truth about them. That's YOU !
That really didn't make much sense but yeah, I've told the truth to the best of my CIA brainwashed, totally Fucked up & wildly insane mind!
Badly slanted means pro-trump
I didn't say 62 million people were racist I said Trump and his cabinet are
But all his racist remarks didn't stop people voting 4 him
I'm just going by their history

Steve Bannon Jeff sessions Mike Pence

Type in Google their names don't believe me

I always do my homework
Republicans denied him a federal judgeship
4 racism
You're saying no 
doesn't change that
And you wonder why we think you are too

The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold ...



You suck
@JilaTessiejoyce We are with you President Trump#MAGA
Just like people protested the integration of schools. You still support a sinking ship
wishful thinking 
Showing people videos of the shit you say isn't slander, Granpa.
You know nothing about truth. Liar, liar pants 
You say all who disagree with you ate fake. You are a lying fraud. 45-worst POTUS ever.  Russia Russia Russia. We've got you!  Going down!
Lets let them dissolve.
today's media knows nothing about truth or journalism
Mr President, We the People stand with you 100%. Our enemy are not just against you, they are anti God..
mister president keep doing what you said my prayers are with you
So... what did the "unnamed sources" claim about Trump today?   What has the White House "in turmoil" this time?  Done.
you have gotten worse since the election..didnt think that would be possible #ImpeachTrump #embarrassing #LoserDonald
Fake POTUS giving them lots to write about. He can only fool the world for a time. Truth always wins out at the end. History is watching.
It's a good thing your former Dir of the FBI took really good notes, so the truth will get out.  History will laugh at you.
We'd prefer to hold our #FakePresident to the truth. #ObstructionOfJustice
You need to learn new words. "Badly, greatly, bigly" show your lack of grasp on the English language. Get a Thesaurus.
#NothingIsEasierOrMorePatheticThanBeingACritic - Donald Trump
how about we hold you to the truth how about one day without a lie trump just one day
we need to hold you to the truth. Everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie
we need to hold you to the truth and you need to stop blaming Obama for all your scandals
of course it's fake as long as they tell the truth about all your lies and collusion with Russia
We know. We do
TRUTH
WTF do you know about "Truth."
As does our government, right?
Like you would know "truth" Donald.  You are ignorant, incompetent and a LIAR!!  A world wide LOSER
AS IN NO OBAMACARE
They are the truth! You are the lie!
Can I get 2k rts bcuz I have to go to peel now
I will appreciate mr president if you can make for us a list of fake media.... up there where you are , you can see them better than us.
we already know THEY are telling the trurh
"The Fake Media (not Real Media)" KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK I JUST LOVE YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR, SUCH A JOKE
"Fake" does NOT equal "news you don't like". If you believe it does you are a bigger loser than I thought you were.
funny how you have to explain to your dumb constituents that the fake media is translated as not real media
Ur mind control is less the pathetic ur not fooling as many eyes r opening
Do you even read the bullshit that you tweet?!!!
what on Earth do YOU know about truth?  Hypocrite
Yes!thank you.mr.. President.Donald Tpump
You are the fake Donnie! GET OUT. This President "thing" is turning out to be a real hard job. Oh BOO HOO!
It's your fault. Stop bringing it up
you wouldn't know the truth if it bit your orange nose
Fake media ? Oh yeah, Fox News !!!
@CGHallenbeck    WE???
And CIA , to be honest , vault 7 realease? Really , how irresponsible  to loose control of thier creations!
If you charge Assange / Wiki leaks you'll  have to do the same to all NSA employees involved in bulk data collection. Whats the difference.
The difference is that Assange dumps his data out on the web without edit.
You are so divorced from the truth you wouldn't know it if it bit you on the nose.
Well I agree with you new is not worth watching am such lies the tell ignore sir I do
It's really badly, very badly fake. Its so bigly i run to Fox News whose fair and balanced. Hannity my friend is greatly.
My girlfriend (my daughter) has become worse at cooking, Every meal burned. Just looked at hear mean #Fakewife #youfatherisyourgrandpa
Mr. so-called fake President, you LIE CONSTANTLY!  The Media is more real than you will EVER ve!
How about holding you to the truth.  Nothing listed here has been accomplished by You.  100% FAILURE!
Slanted is not lies. Trust us you can't handle the truth. You don't even know what truth is.
It's their job to spread naughters,sir!!!!

