proof positive that money and blowing DJT will get you a job
- go after Santuary Cities as arrest the Mayors for violating Fed Law - sick if this crap
#ridiculous
#itsabouttime #timetifixtravelban
- Can I please call this Fake news, because it sounds ridiculous. 
oh well another crook let's just keep a close eye on his integrity.
no
#LockHerUp!
WONDERFUL NEWS!!! Praise God
congratulations 
the more they yell  the more we know your spot on  thank you Sir
back in time we go!
yea. Congratulations

Homophobic, racist, misogynist -- just like you. It's going to be a glorious fight!
.@realdonaldtrump @senatorsessions He looks like Richie Rich looked at the opened Ark of the Covenant for just a fraction of a second.
.@realDonaldTrump @SenatorSessions
his approval has set Civil Rights in this country back 50 years. So sad.
Sad day for USA
Congratulations to the Senator.
another one of your goons I'm guessing
Congratulations Senator Sessions.
YES!!!!!
ya baby!!!!!!
racist ag.
Hallelujah!  8 yrs. of lawlessness is OVER, but we are seeing the results of it, aren't we?
There You Go! Another Win!! ''It's Been A Wonderfull Day''.Congrats, Sir!!!
Awesome. More bigoted cronies supporting your racist agenda. Make America White Again!
racism wins!
Sessions pretty much ended the KKK...that would be opposite of rascist.
He is gonna do a great job. I'm proud to say I'm from Alabama.
.@realDonaldTrump @SenatorSessions You do realize that this man is as UnAmerican as they come, right.
wrong, prosecuted the KKK -he's awesome -got to change your new source you're not getting it all
Stock in Nordstrom went up today!  It's like any company you go to war with turns to GOLD! Thanks #EasyD!
Also, Coretta Scott King does not have good things to say about how Sessions will carry on MLK's work. #LetLizTalk

your tears bring me joy
reveling in other people's sadness says more about you than who you insult
First day of school at Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' new “National Christian Charter School Program”.
Radical Christians and radical Muslims agree!
Trump really knows how to bring idiots together.
http://www.businessinsider.com/isis-trump-blessed-ban-2017-2 …
smart people agree that better to listen to positive voices when it comes to trumps picks !
By far, Trump’s WORSE pick!

#MAGA2020
Maybe ask Hillary?
lol so true. Good luck everyone!
Did DeVos give you that PhD?
It's a PhD from Trump University.
I bet my whole check she's no doctor. She's delusional
Aw, a response just like your Dear Leader.
...still no Special Prosecutor for Hillary 1 yr later...weird.
You are literally a joke
well America chose him so shut up and deal with our democracy
Nope
@ohwelljamie @engardio it's hardly a democracy when the candidate with the most votes doesn't get the presidency
it's a democracy win the EC gets the ultimate saying, he won more states than Hillary
Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions! ...
I wish AG Sessions would actually DO SOMETHING !!
No prosecutions, no investigations in DC corruption, no hiring US Attorneys ..
AG working?
A sad day for Americans everywhere.
The one who lied? That me?
#FUCKJEFFSESSIONS #SESSIONSSUCKSTRUMPSDICK
Could you give your wife a big hug  and let her know I want to be a friend to you both. A True friend steps in when the rest of the world steps out. I would be honored if my family and I could be of Service.
Mr President thanks for what you've done already, but We want Justice! obama hilary soros comey and many more in prison!
The ccxxxvxcxddcctcchyxcdxcvcxvvvcgvFxtccs ddc
love it I will read up on what he hope to help with. And thank you  @sentorsessions.
A man of faith, honesty and character. You make Alabama proud!
At least Alabama didn't vote Roy Moore into office, it was still awful close seeing as he is a racist little pedophile.  Theres hope for South yet.
Ha. Life comes at you fast.
thank for american voter
Booooooo
K


Congrats Jeff! You committed perjury before day 1 and now have a special investigator that will look closer into your role in firing Comey
Don't know which one is worse Pence, Donald or Session?
Thats easy..its Session.  Southern Alabama kkk racist who wishes it was still 1960, can't stand those people.
first racist of the US! FROTUS
@CNN Support Treasonous acts w/Russians. Lied under oath. WH House of Lies. Ur all criminals are UNFIT #NOTMYPRESIDENT #RESIST @jaketapper
bigot
a racist hypocrite just like you
all of your nomination choices are scary as hell. Your pockets must be nice and thxck now.
Racist, the both of you!
two POS!
nice ears dude
Exactly what we don't need! Quit or be impeached. #nastywoman #baddude
time to start up the lynching and cross burning? Or do u have plans for more covert acts of racism  #maga
wrong ur going down the wrong road u fool
Congratulations Jeff! Uphold the law, but have compassion. I know you will make us proud!
how do I stop this junk from getting to my Twitter account.
the Democrats were so unfair and hateful I couldn't watch but am so glad it's finally over! Congrats!
filling the swamp
Hillbillies
Heil Trump.
you both make me sick

To kill - a crime, Jesus not permit this. To order to kill-crime, if Murders in power ? ordered to kill?
Barf.
Congratulations so-called attorney general!
Hope you lock up that Clinton woman. Keep an eye on the Barack Obama too.
@lesparisi @SenatorSessions  Thank you Mr President, God bless you and your administration
THE only President since Reagan I have loved so proud of him and  his admin
THE BIBLE SAID ADAM AND EVE SO I DID BOTH 
Hope he's not as racist as he used to be. Fingers crossed!
Can he help you with you tax return/Putin problem, Little Donnie?
Sessions may have jailed your daughter for marrying a Jew.
Now please charge the Hildabeast!! The smartazz 3-0 Hillary. Won't  until she and others are in prison!
Let the People, even the liberal idiots, see the DIFFERENCE between legal & corrupt!!!!
Change the name from muslin ban to terror ban.
Is he going to squash investigations into your Russian Connections? Or your blatant enrichment ploys?
Congrats may God guide you lead you
3-0 do better guys #thankyousally
may your life be as miserable as you intend to make black folks. May the ghost of MLK be with you daily
great choice
Boy are we in trouble with the likes of Pence & Sessions one is worst then the other.
Thanks for a Real Attorney instead of corrupt Lorretta  Lying Lynch
Sessions wears the pristine white gloves of the slave owner! A vicious man w/ manors. #ResistTrump

ANOTHER RACIST!!! PRAYERS FOR OUR ONCE GREAT AMERICA
Make America Racist Again?  Ew....
His first job should be to throw your ass in jail.
Make America White Again!  Seig Heil!
Congratulations new Attorey General Sessions!
Luhuns had been founded by Scottish Engineer Charles Gaskoin (Karl Gaskoin), & his supporters from UK land
YAY! A chickenshit racist in office.  Go us!
Another RACIST in the white house, does that not bother you??
@TeamTrump @SenatorSessions I sure hope we can work with @JudicialWatch they r uncover'g problems with immigration, Clinton
yes impeach the whole administration. They are all epic failures. And a bigly embarrassment to the USA
RACIST.
To the peanut gallery . WE WON. YOUR NASTY COMMENTS MEAN NOTHING.

both of you are racist! We will be watching every step you take!
hooray!
yayyyyy! Now keep these crazies out of our country!  #banthemall
he looks like an old baby.  You have done a terrible job on your cabinet.  God Help Us
Congratulations on appointing a racist enemy of civil rights!  Read Coretta Scott King's letter from 1986.
will this be a conflict of interest with the toy quota he has to meet at the North Pole?
let me volunteer to help him raid Chicago's  Political mobsters . Emanuel -Madigan-Preckwinkle.
Obama and Congress USA step back from American Laws to protect rights of vote and freedom of speeches
Congratulations Donny! Another crony in your pocket! Be proud. #SAD
Congrats on finding an astounding example of racism. #Sessions good luck on being crazy man's lap dog!!

God's Blessings on your life. Thank you for standing with our President.
Yes, here comes Law & Order again Finally!!!!
Boys will be boys!
Let the new AG investigate the dirty, corrupt libs Mr President!
AGBigot
congrats!! Now how long till we get slavey back?
he looks kind of like a leprechaun. You know, the thing that grants your wishes in a twisted, terrible way

evil racist just like you
Congratulations AG Sessions. America is waiting breathlessly for you to balance the scales of justice
Americans deserve a transparent, independent investigation into Russia’s involvement with the Trump camp!
Obama created Laws of rules to order to bomb civilians IN OWN COUNTRY from Ukraine - The Next may be USA.
How horridly depressing u & ur entire cabinet are
Great job Mr. President
oh yes! We moving in the right direction. Thank you Lord for blessing us once again.
Very Happy!!  Mr Sessions it's Time to Clean House and Help with "Draining The Swamp!!"
He has been shamed and will walk in shame forever.
Congratulations
it's Howdy Doody time
Excellent choice. Happy he's in. You have far more supporters than media would have public believe.
Be careful that Sessions does not end up prosecuting you, Flynn, and your other cronies. History!
- Tragic day in American history, to have such a blatant racist in such a position of power. Sad!
Yeah we see that,is he the one on your left or right ? #NotMyPresident #racistwhitehouse
Congratulations!  The democrats need to grow up.  You are a phenomenal person!
Congratulations on your new appointment as Attorney General @SenatorSessions!!  You deserve it!
MAKES ME SICK! A racist who dislikes disabled children. WTG NUTCASE!
If to support this genocide of women and kids of white race in Europe-some may come in USA land the next.
Racist pig! Racism does NOT make America Great. Obama made America GREAT!
congratulations to you both on becoming such successful domestic terrorists.
Mr. Sessions help our great border patrol, send them back and set penalties. Caught again 5 yrs.
Terrible!
another bigot jumps in the swamp.
gross
