@PhoenixPrideAZ @PhoenixParks @PhoenixSymphony @UofA @AZCardinals @AZDemParty @ArizonaDerby @AZStarSports @PhoenixSportsM @PhoenixVoluntrs
We are waiting, @POTUS for you to make this happen. So far, It ain't looking too good. The Secretary should bring you to Gambardella's fish house. They are hurting thanks to Obama.
GREETINGS.JOB NUMBERS LOOKING  GREAT!BRAVO....KEEP IT UP!!!
Linda Ct real citizens stand with you
No president in history has faced such monumental decisions.  #Tax reform. #Hamptons. #The buck stops here.#Goal: Peace for all time.
This is how people feel about you

Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!...
Linda and Vince...Champions of small Business! As long as it’s not competing against theirs!
Honestly no 1cares We simply desire ur phone b corrupted n U tk on th challenge of remaining silent until Mueller or Kim Jong Un silence u
#TRUMPTRAIN #potus45 anger w/ #JohnMcCain #JeffFlake is holding campaign rally Tue Aug 22 in #PHOENIX to pardon #arpaio for racism. #RESIST
g uur g vc1vcjr g f09. ja 0 03 00 0 Uhr 00vc00l 0009999990g5tv  0vcv g g
Mr President thank you for working  so hard
34%
Mr. Donald Trump.
I've been with you since you were 25to1 Vegas odds. I'm sticking with you. Good Luck.
Job numbers may be great somewhere but not here. Unemployed now for 15 months. Educated & experienced. Are you hiring? I'm on linked in.
Thank you Obama
Agreed. Add me to the job #'s. I start my new job Monday. Whoo... Hoooo!!!!!
Where did find one Jay?
Senior citizens have the skills to work and not just "greet people" who enters an establishment!
Don't be afraid to hire Senior Citizens- No training, professional, policy and procedures a plus, hardly out from work and great w/clients!
President Trump was sent by God to save us all Thank God for Donald Trump!
And you did that all by yourself, in seven months, right?  Ha, ha.  That's a good one.
No thanks to you Trump
Thank you Mr. President Trump for all of your hard work!  God Bless You and Yours, Sir.
Are they? Jobs growth worse than 2013.

Sad.

@realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/898167282727366656 …
And most of the gains come from the private sector, you haven’t done anything. @realDonaldTrump
Are they? Jobs growth worse than 2013.

Sad.

…
it took one man to reveal the truth about Barak Obama that nobody knew before what he was involved with black lives matter
Do those numbers look better than how the numbers look at Trump Casinos? or Trump Mortgage Co or Trump Steaks or Trump Airlines?
I use to work as Administrative Asst. to a Small Business Development Center in Maryland, my boss was an awesome black man, was great man.
The only job we need to be concerned with, is yours.
Confederate statues only bring legitimacy to individuals who should be accountable for their war crimes in harbouring & encouraging slavery
Great! I'll let .@POTUS44 know. They're his numbers. Thanks!
Small little meetings so you can use tax payer money to fund your reason to be there, golfing trip

Still thanks to Pres. Obama
Where are all of these "Fake" jobs that you created? Oh...Russia
Oh shit Don! Hows this gonna effect your golf game?
Please look into FDA regulations on vaping industry. Don't let them destroy the industry!
Thanks Obama.
If you weren't leading source of "fake news", you'd admit your 6 months job creation fell BELOW that of PBO's 6 months job creation nmbrs.
Are they renewable energy jobs? Hoping! :)
Thank you, Obama!
SmallBiz&Their employee's your biggest supporters ACA has Killed SmallBiz BringSmallBiz togetherSmarter than BigBizCEO's=We know how2Survive
https://twitter.com/TeeCee_85/status/899248164892495873/photo/1pic.twitter.com/qoXDbl2kot 
Because you love treason.  LEARN THE HISTORY.  Sadly it won't be in the twitter feed.  You may need actual facts. #REALHISTORY
Yes please! Keep riding the #obama #coattails Sad that u cannot stand that a black man is so much more popular and loved than u will ever b
Hello ^^
Loser! Sad!
I am so glad you are my potus
Unlike the Liar and Chief, with the lowest approval rating in History, the POTUS is a PUTZ! Sad!
Thanks Obama.
Thanks Obama! #notmypresident
Wrong again.
What did you shoot pecker head? Or what score did lie today?
The first thing Isis does after invading an area is to destroy all the historical monuments. It is a terrorizing tactic and shameful.
Thanks#Obama
I feel like I have left you to fight the fight alone!! Keep strong, Presdient Trump! We are still here working and praying for you
#maga
Thank President Obama..a real American President, winner of popular vote and electoral college X2..Not FAKE like you 
Approval numbers...not so much.
How many people did you fire this week?
But... you said the stats were fake when they came out under your superior Obama
Yes...Thank you President Obama!!! Hopefully, you'll run the country better than you businesses. Don't #effitupdon
Wow Trump. You're twitter just makes people hate you even more. Not a smart idea on your part
So you sorted the rosta for RAW then?
Yep, thanks obama !
Shut up...#Racist #Propagandist #PUPPET #Traitor #Impeach #Resign
Define, "Job numbers."
#nobodylikesyoutrump
Thanks to Obama. UR results won't be shown for 2-3 years.  If U read any books you would know that; saying stuff like this is embarrassing
Do you have to tweet everything?
Thanks @BarackObama
I would be interested in the Turnover Rate for the Whitehouse Trump 6 months vs Obama 6 months. You will finally have a number high than him

You have a 10 yr old kid. Why aren't you spending your weekends with him? He needs a father figure. Maybe Melania can take him to Tiffany's
President Obama pulled the economy out of the toilet. Stop taking credit for his successes. Your legacy will be one of failure & racism.
Stand strong Trump. You are what's right about this country.
Great work done
What's wrong with the WH Don? Thought you liked it. Not enough evidence of your wealth there for you to bask in? What a loser you are!
Your popularity would soar if you help a bill to raise the Fed min wage to $10.10 an hour right now.
Always praying for you mr trump jesus loves you
Thank you Barak Obama!
Looking great --- thanks to President Obama!!!!
Stroke out you POS
How'd the meetings go?
Did you grab her by the pussy?

Idea. Instead of taking $1.00 monthly, use pay check, put in GoFundMe Account monthly and Americans will donate to fund the wall ourselves.
For now. Still an Obama economy. How much longer?  Seems like things are shuddering lately.

Only if those meetings are on the golf course. LAZY.
PLEASE DON'T LET LIBERALS ERASE OUR BEAUTIFUL NATIONS HISTORY!
Locke up Jason Kessler
It's gonna be a lovely day here Mr President. Godspeed
Praise God for a man like you sent by him to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Thank you again & again & AGAIN, for all the HARD WORK! 
I Love & RESPECT my President for the first time in my LIFE!
All the rats are jumping ship. Soon it will be just Donny, all alone with Pence sticking out his ass. Adios Icahn, Bannon, Artists, etc etc
Ur doing great work President Trump; keep it up!
Thanks Obama!!!! You're still a shit-gibbon!
You are so used to delegating and taking credit for everything, youve forgottwn, as President, you havent done jack sh*t for jobs numbers
I'm retired but I'm happy for the young people, finally they have jobs.
Nice job of keeping that cabinet together orange boy. Didn't you "extreme vet" them before you hired them?  Is that fake news orange boy?
You're a big JOKE!
They looked good under OBAMA too. PAY raise for the middle class or better yet jobs for the poor. Why the rich need a tax cut? They rich...
https://goo.gl/od798L 
bullshit!
Despite your best efforts
If you were half the great businessman you claim to be, you would be taking out a full page ad in the NYT to publish your tax returns.
"Sad"
Must be raining in #bedminster again #potuscantplaygolftodaysohetweets
The irony: Bannon had the popular ideas! Infrastructure! Taxing globalists! Trump is left w whatever Charles Koch scrawled on a napkin.
Why GOP allow minority leftish backwards Liberals to set the pace. SAD
Thanks Obama!
Millions supporters ask Where are the jobs?Jobs#s for 1st 6 mos LOWEST in 6 of the last 6 no periods.Obama's #s MUCH HIGHER!270 days of FAIL
All you worry about is numbers. And Obama if you took all this energy you have comparing numbers and past Presidents, you can do your job..
Millions your supporters ask What did U do?Carl Icahn says power and irresponsibility in one person is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS!Now he resigns?
President Obama's job numbers! Just a little reminder
Go Mr President! I am pro small and we need your help down here! Keep it up as this average Joe is counting on you!
Yes! This is what I'm talking about. Stay on your agenda & drive your agenda into the ground by the way you do it.
In no way thanks to anything you've done.
