#ThatsWhatUsignedUp4
The press who believes their crap anyhow
Me, too, Mr. President!
A  Demonrat friend (sort of) was bashing you tweeting. I said this same thing & she did not like it. None of them like truth,as you know.
Trump let's focus getting has togetger.  For war for other countries.  Not hurting us.  We are united states citizens.  Mrs  Puerto Rico
Gee in the middle of a hurricane apocalypse she conveniently finds a print shop for the Tshirt and hat.
#FakeNews has absolutely no shame!
What makes you think this fake news? Are people dying over there? Are people drinking water where ever they can get It?
Seriously? Who cares about the press coverage, worry about doing your damn job and taking care of YOUR people.
Trump is doing a great work to help and keep Americans safe, Just the few Islamic extremists won't like him
Stop the incessant WHINNING
Hello U.S.A PRESIDENT Philippines is Shouting for justice for those who lost their family in LA ANOTHER WAY TO START A NEW CHAPTER L.A
@kateana88  Well said. This entire admin. Is a joke and the shame they should feel for not helping AMERICANS should be great.
Support your argument. What has Drumph done to better the country? Specifically the middle class?
Libtard alert!
None of your fucking business
One or the other, you get to chose. Why are u libs so resistant to change?
stop whining and help people for once in your egotistical life
I hear that!
Trump, stop crying like a little baby.
Do your job man and stop tweeting 
Thanks 

Sincerely 
#taxpayingcitizen
as I was saying, "Waaaaaaah!"
Wish you weren't such a baby
This is #fakenews
Wish the president would start acting like one and give the press something good to write about!
do your job you ignorant man
U whine a lot for an old man wow!
This Trump individual is a joke
Throw in the towel
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
I wish they would to , been since January 20 it is time to get over it .
Grow up!
Small people focus on small taskes. Focus on NK
TRUMP you are nuts. You will go down in history as the worse president ever. You are fake news.
I wish agent Orange would stop winning. If you can't take the heat get out of the kitchen!!
Why don't you keep your mouth shut And not give them the ammo. Azzhole
fightin
, praying God continues to give you strength to get through the manure of this world.
Try fair 'tweetment'
You are an embarrassment to every US citizen and the Puerto Ricans too!  Oh that's right they are US citizens!  Trump is a fool!
Bad news spread faster than good.  I pray for all who lost homes, wish I could do more. I recommend watching how money donated is spent
President Donald Trump, we love and appreciate you! We are praying for you and your family! Jesus is with you!
GOD BLESS YOU #45
If anyone else has a truck that can float to an island nation to take supplies go for it, we are doing what is logistical possible...
President, do what Nixon did and lock them out! I forget the exact details but I know he shut them down because they weren't fair
Just don't even think about the Press. You are above that. Just concentrate on YOU. Don't tweet or give the Press anything to mess up.
It’s definitely not hard to help
Habre el hocico trump . voy. a cagar
You would put the "press" and "fairly" in the same sentence? 
#WorstPresidentEver
I believe you are a great man but tweeting like you do it's not PRESIDENTIAL
We love you!
Let them speak their nonsence.jerado did a good job speaking to you,and made a good case for you
The people in puerto Rico aren't  being fair.
Don't need the press. YOU Have The People! Stay Strong Sir!
I wish negative press  would go away. Where is the accountability for the island?
Liar narcissist.
And do what? Insult more Americans who you can never empathize with?
Wish they had a reason to be fair but you make it highly unlikely. You dip wad!
Lies lies lies
Just stay focused on doing the good that your doing. The American people can see through the biased media! Praying for you Mr. President!
You are shameless!
I hope you realize you are doing a great job...I may not have voted for you but your actions have made me proud please ignore the hate!

Well I feel much better knowing you will be there. I bet it will be the biggest crowd in history!
The news focuses so much on the negative sad to even watch
#whodoiwatch
Do the right thing and they will. Only you and your actions can change minds and hearts
The press deals with facts!Handle it.
Quit you’re whining- do your job!
Typical Trump  response.  Trying to shift focus onto press instead of his poor leadership.
Let God deside
The Press is not your public relations department, Their job is to keep you in check and to point out your lies. They're working overtime
Blessings to you!  We know you are doing good.  God bless you!!'
Your supporters are praying for you and for Puerto Rico
Your doing a great job Mr President, no worries
You are awesome Mr. President. I am praying for you and your family daily.
You know...the MSM is going to lie and complain no matter what you do.  KICK THEM OUT OF THE BRIEFINGS.
Omg stop whining you big baby
I wish the press would represent the truth not their political opinion and or their opinion period!!!
Stay home.  Remember that Puerto Rico voted heavily for Shrillery.  Don't try your crap again in San Juan Mayor again.  Tough lady will win.
We don't need you
It's to late .... Go play some more golf
Why don't you treat the press fairly? They are only printing the truth, the truth seen in undeniable videos and photos. Have you seen them?
You idiot...maybe you should of done something day one or two but no...you go play golf and tell Puerto Rico they are lazy and aren't trying
Make America great again
Ha
Feelings hurt???  Imagine the footballers who you called SOB's
Respect is earned
You are delusional

Thank you Mr President for everything you has done for my Island ... I really hope you can visit us and gives us some hope.
Wish as President you could make the press behave. I miss Walter Cronkite
You still owe Mexicans an apology for those comments you made about us! White guys hold title in prison for sexual deviance, just saying bud
What do you know about fair?
How about you quit wasting tax payers money to go golfing and do your fucking job!
Shit on Puerto Rico when have they offered to help other Americans during the drought or any other natural disaster
Exactally what we want and need
I wish you had been there when the storm hit!
What happened to us being the greatest? Best & greatest at everything! If we are, then they should have been helped sooner & better!
unfortunetly it too late@and unnescessary
We know the press is fake Mr President great job keep on winning we got your back 2020
What's funny but really sad is the people that support 45 are the same people that supported 43.And we all should remember what devastating damage he did to the country.
Wish you weren't such a whiney snowflake.
Thank you Sir
the press has nothing to do with your misbehavior. All on your Twitter dummy
I wish you didn't have the brain capacity of a squirrel but we can't have everything we want. No offense squirrels :-)
Keep on Trumping sir
Why wait til Tuesday? They need help now.  What did you do all weekend?
If you don't hurry and help them ,instead of playing golf . Hope they all come here to the USA
I think the press are mostly reporting accurately on the situation as it stands. It's not their job to be boosters for you personally.
They are being fair. You reacted slowly, but probably b/c you didn't know Puerto Rico was part of the USA.
Lol that is HILARIOUS you should do stand up! #RESIST #ImpeachTrump
On top of being illegitimate, this administration has been one big, fat failure since Day 1. trump as president* is a bad Russian joke.
The press has bent over backwards to be fair to you.  You know just like you bend over for Putin
You have disparaged everyone from John McCain to the Mayor of PR.l and you don't think you are being treated fairly when we think of you as a deranged narcissist preoccupied instead of governing that is fair
Be sure to help the US citizens who are burying loved ones in their front yards!  Pick up a shovel!
There too Brown for you to help LOSER
Thank u Mr President 
I Indiana  loves u!!!
Great job in all u have to do
It's amazing timely and effcient
I wish they would too
Your doing a great job helping in such a to move fast and efficient 
Thank u ! Mr President
Never gonna happen. That's y it's important that u keep posting on Twitter. We're here 2 help u get the truth out!! U & Melania stay strong!

They will when you actually get something right!!!
Why the HELL do you keep droning on about your FUCKING Press clippings
No one cares…Just get out of the way #DOTARD…let the Military HELP
How will you get across the BIG WATER?
They won't, but We true Americans know the truth, and We Support the Amazing job you are doing! #MAGA
#ShutUpTrump
Please seek medical attention immediately! I sense a serious problem with you that needs a diagnosis ASAP.
Fast effective help. Thank you Preside Trump.
You are doing a great job don
If you want something done Great, J guess YOU have to do it yourself #MAGA
Trump we are part of United States.  Puerto Rico.  We need fight other countries. Help build foundation.
SIR! Just as you were elected by the will & hand of JESUS, SO shall your enemies be brought to justice. NOT in your control! Is in JESUS'!!!
SIR! 1Tim 5, do nothing by favoritism, POTUS do your work, & *be* sure *all* hidden sins will be made public & punished by JESUS Himself!2
Great Job to the My President of the United States and his lovely First Lady, and First Family.   True Americans are on your side.
SIR! *Greed* Is ♡ of $. 1Tim 6:10 "♡ of $ *root* of all sin." KEEP *JESUS* YOUR ROOT & YOUR FOCUS. You are POTUS by His will @ His command!1
The hurricane happened two weeks ago!!!!!!!!! That's a long time to go without food and water.
why should anyone want to treat U fairly.  when you don't treat anyone fairly.

We are getting a lot of our info from your nasty tweets
While @realDonaldTrump is on the island the airspace will be closed, preventing people to leave! Thousands r on waiting list trying to leave
Jesus christ, you are quite the whiner. You know who never whined about ppl being "too mean" to him? @BarackObama. There's a real president
press is doing its job how about you do the same
You will not be welcome in PRico.
You shouldn't talk about things you know nothing about. PRicans give new meaning to the term "comunity". Long live the Hispanic culture.
Which bureaucrat needs to be roasted in the media in order to get relief moving? #HelpPuertoRicoNOW
Trump is a douche bag!!!!
"Really hard to help"? Yup. Being POTUS is hard. There are all these words & stuff. The press isn't making you look bad. U do that yourself.
Trump never wanted to help P R..  Just listen to the Mayor that has shared the truth and brought the light to his inaction
Meaning he wants the press to provide him wide (not to be read as 'fair') coverage!
Press will treat you fairly after you treat the PR people fairly. This sounds like another Katrina. Poor planning and execution. Wake up!
You should cancel that Tuesday trip unless you want a beatdown
Amazing the amount of stupid people still out thete
Real Americans help themselves they realize they are thier own responsibility.
Yep
