Thank you for fighting for the American people!

RUSSIA! What? Oh ya, umm, oh that.?
= POS! seems you been losing frequently in court, so,, ok let's see you in court!
You are crazy
Do it this time!  This is getting to be ridiculous. We need to #MAGA ! Let the President do his job!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @nytimes
I can't wait to see you go before the Supreme Court the won't listen to your 4th grade level crap
Liberal heads are exploding.  The Marxists lose AGAIN!  Jeez, President Trump...congratulations on being right again.  Winning!
So nice to have a real leader again...O-Bow-Mao's justice is coming - that'll be the real win!  Congratulations, again, President Trump.
We're blessed to have a patriot in office again!
Now, after we get Obamacare error corrected with Presidential TrumpCare, can we see justice for Seth Rich?  Thanks!
We all know justice for Seth Rich runs a lot deeper than simply/only Seth.  Keep up the good fight President Trump!
We're so relieved the military is taking a caution flag on this President Trump.  Our troops truly do need readiness.
Thank you President Trump for respecting our laws and our sovereignty.  God bless and protect you and your loved ones.  Amen.
True citizens of the United States voted you into office to correct the errors of the last administration, at the very least.  Thank you.
Lota weak people in our country scared like children they wouldn't 3 days any where but USA weak people don't survive in most countrys
You don't know what you're doing. LOSER. Sad.
Sanctuary cities have LOWER crime. All law enforcement agencies know this. Cops want sanctuary city policies.

You are trying to sell a lie.
People are more likely to report crime if they don't fear deportation. This makes communities safer.
Yeah right, we need illegal immigrants so they can report other crimes in a community of illegals?

It's no wonder you settled the Trump U case. Judges love to move on you like a bitch!
Federal judge blocks Trump order to withhold funding from cities that limit cooperation with immigration officials. http://apne.ws/2q29WLP 
Deuteronomy 31:8
And the Lord, He is the One who goes before you. He will be with you, He will not leave you nor [1/2]
forsake you; do not fear nor be dismayed.” [2/2]
Dude, President Trump doesn't go to church.
Thank you!!!!
Hahahaha. Read constitution.
Where you'll also fail. Sad! #100daysofshame
Did you know that the Constitution applies in the Supreme Court, too? Mind-blowing, right?
Poor donny no one likes you, And your racist bullshit.. Now go start a war somewhere.
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
Didn't your team say over and over that it's not a ban?
Can you show me all this 'winning' again?  I can't seem to find it
What because u got ur boy Gorush in there u think he'll b on ur side! If Supreme Court gets this he must rule by the constitution - not u
It is a DISTRICT COURT RULING, not a 9th circuit! How do you even breath and walk at the same time with a brain THAT stupid?! FACTS!
So you have NEVER made a mistake then? #Glasshouses
do you know what sanctuary means?
free labor, more tax $$$, and constant intake of prisoners in for-profit prisons. Funny how they trick you into thinking it helps immigrants
We need to stop this abuse by the ninth district.
#imsotiredofwinning
Maybe stop trying to do illegal things? #LiarInChief #DonTheCon #MAGA
You and Congress has the power to STOP them! DO IT 
*have.  I know it's early, but try to speak English.  (FYI: Too much Kool Aid addles the brain.)
Nice Donnie, since we all know you had to beg, borrow and steal to get that joke of a SCOTUS in place so you could buy your verdicts. GROSS.
Ask Pavarotti if he can help.
You are the lowest of life forms. The Russians are going to take you DOWN-  Just watch-  they have you by the balls-
Someone had to protect America from you!  Thank you Ninth circuit!  Stay strong!
The 9th Circuit has always been a lover of lawlessness. Let's ban them!
Omg when are going to learn that Obama was such a lying cheat.  He had his hood gang pay off lots of ppl and prob judges too.  #obamacrooks
Keep forcing the issue President Trump and making America proud.
Your wife is rambling about letting refugees in. I voted for you to keep us safe. Looks like business as usual for Washington puppet
Oh honey, you really don't know how our government works, do you? 
I hope the courts don't take forever
Your lack of respect for the judiciary is astounding! Your lack of compassion for refugees is incredible. You are horrific.
Do you plan to attend the hearing in the Supreme Court? Can you even name all 9 sitting judges right now?
Remember when you said you would take the NYTimes to court? or all the women who accused you of sexual harassment? Hasn't happened yet!
Two things he knows how to do: sue and be sued.

Donald! You gonna let a woman talk to you like this?
sweaty butt out. i'm telling the dipshit what i think of him. i'll tell you what i think of you another time
Know your role, gw
stop trying to oppress me it won't work
Stop trying to liberate yourself, it won't work.
too late, sucker!
Donald, deport this woman to the kitchen!
What's ridiculous are your unconstitutional executive orders. 

And how many times do you need to lose in courts?
What case have you won in 2017 in court again? I'll wait...
Well he went to a couple of liberal courts that have broke records for being overturned for ignoring the constitution. Real one today SUP!
8 U.S. Code § 1325 - Improper entry by illegals is a Federal Crime. Arrest All City Managers & Mayors harboring Illegals #SanctuaryCity
I really don't understand what people are thinking. Why harbour people who are there illegally? I am liberal but this is a step too far.
The order isn't even all illegals, it's criminal illegals! To see the party leaders fighting tooth & nail for criminals is mind boggling 
That is even worse. I don't know what they are putting in the water! Sometimes I think they disagree just for the sake of it. :(
I am liberal but there is a line! And this is on the wrong side of it. Unless I am missing something fundamental.
Nope, you're not missing anything they are just determined to fight every single thing Trump.
But like with every1 he can do some good things. I was talking with a political expert yesterday in France and DT has made some great moves
He definitely has! Shamefully anything positive gets zero coverage. I was just reading through EO's and found new ones!
Okay! See you there! 

#wednesdaywisdom
See you in court!
#WednesdayWisdom
"See you in court."
LOL.
Jeff Sessions needs to go.
#WednesdayWisdom
Good thing you are so incompetent so we didn't have to deal with the fallout from your #first100Days plan.
Stick to golf.
#WednesdayWisdom
Guys been in office 6 mo your party what was their plan again... oh that's right no plan no platform after mid terms u will be the green pty
اها
ok saudi is the worst but saudi disnt ever atack any country reason
قلت له امك عندي https://twitter.com/i_ammarj/status/857205593324564480 …
هذا من نوع الي مثلا سعودي سوا شي غلط كل الصعوديين مثله
الحين نقاشقكم كله سب ولا وش
لا تسبهم وفهمهم الدين النصيحة
اوك
Cool! Do it!
Everyone knows that Trump, yeah you, did not, could not have composed that comment
Trump, You're WRONG!  It's the Court's job to disallow Unconstitutional Bullshit, like that You constantly spew! 
#trumpISNOTsmart
@tedlieu
Taking your citizens to court. That why you became 'President'? Next it will be the entire earth. There is no United Federation of Planets
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See y...
hope to see you in the federal penitentiary!
When they trial you for Espionage, Collusion with a foreign power & just being an ASS
I think only thing ridiculous in this is you & your policies. All so old fashioned. Lived 50's don't want to go back
End #SanctuaryCities !!! Deport #illegals
Doubt you've ever traveled to one, or outside of your own county at that.
Added me to the FAKE AMERICAN list? lol I'm a veteran. But that's cute
Can I be on the fake American list? It'll make so much sense with my Native American heritage. #Lenape
A ban, you say? Wow, I didn't think it was. Someone's been lying!
You keep introducing unconstitutional acts & are shocked when courts turn them down. Grow up.
not to worry, new year coming in 5 months.
Hey Vozhd #Trump, a District Judge ruled on Sanctuary Cities, but you're too stupid to know the difference.
You refer to the Supreme Court like they are on your side, already.
#NinthCircuit acting as puppet government for #FarLeftLiberals. #BreakUpNinthCircuit
President Trump is trying to straighten out this Country!!!!!
can't have it both ways.Do we let the states decide about their policies or does the fed mandate them.
Please tell me that you know that you can't sue the actual judges in the Supreme Court.
Leave sanctuary cities ALONE!!!  They have a heart - YOU DON'T!!!
wasn't the ninth circuit.
阿彌陀佛
Maybe if you personally call the judges so they can explain it to you like Canada and Mexico and China Schooled you?
It wasn't the Ninth Circuit......maybe someone educated should tweet for you
There's this thing called the Constitution. You should try reading it.
Keep your head up, we believe your-doing what it takes to make AMERICA GREAT again.
@stage2thinking 

Kick their ass!!


Revoke law license of these Judges!!
<insert eye roll>
Your threat to hand national parks over to the oil industry is why they're staying home!  Get a clue!
Just stand before the man once in your pathetic life! STAND THERE! when he has that hammer in his hand chump.
There are important things called "checks and balances." You can read all about them in the US Constitution. I can gladly get you a copy.
Yeah, good luck with that. The law is the law. Not even the President can ignore that.
That judge appeals to the ninth circuit. Doesn't sit on it. Oops.
Hey so like... when you're a president.... you should probably not be involved in a bunch of lawsuits. 

Also we all hate you
You have got to be the most ridiculous president we have ever had. I keep waiting to wake up from this nightmare. #trump100days #trumpsucks
This is why we have 3 EQUAL branches of gov'mint, to prevent dictators like you from gaining too much power.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump INVITED SPIES INTO HIS CAMPAIGN. 
PRE-MEDITATED TREASON. 
#trumprussia #trumpgang #trumpCrimeFamily
Thankfully we have the judiciary branch and can count on it for checks and balances!
Time to start Impeaching these Judges who are Political not lawful! And time to break up the Ninth Circuit into little bitty pieces! #MAGA
Defund Criminal sanctuary cities. #MAGA Follow our laws or don't get our funding. #BuildTheWall Deport. Get tough on CRIMINALS.
But nine circuit don't rule against Barack Hussein Obama of treason for impersonate the president of US around the. World
more wasting of our tax dollars in court, eh?  you'll lose, because, well, you're a loser
Why is it that like 5 people keep responding in nasty remarks?  I thought his response was to take it to the Supreme Court, where is belongs
They just don't get it! The people will win!
Bring an overnight bag -  in fact just pack up!
Wrong Court, but justice will prevail! RUSSIA!
You just hate when the law does not see the world your way
Something must be wrong since you cannot win a court case @POTUS
don't be a #cuck 
Bathroom ban is completely justified. according to the logic of law and order. Maintain ethics of human understanding.
These judges are in Obama's pocket.
Only an Illegitimate President would disrespect & complain about the seperation of powers and the courts halting Presidential overreach
Donald, This tweet still annoys days later. Ivanka please draw him...oh screw it see below.
O my God, your whining!
Your so pathetic1
See you in supreme court :  )
Lmao what are you going to s when you still don't get your way? Please make America great again and go back to your old life.
Wait, so it's a ban? 
Ridiculous.
go and wins this for us . and then try to get with the state of Georgia and make them do something about letting the illegals take our jobs
You should win something, anything, in Court before you start talking tough. You also need staff who can tell you how govt works so 1/2
you can stop getting publicly spanked again and again. Bannon, Miller and Sessions are not your friends.
GAME ON
You are truly an idot! I can't express this enough.
Just to force you to take it before the supreme court.  Something must be done with this out of control 9th circuit.  It needs broken down!!
Yes but u lost again. 2 4 the good guys!
Any executive order you sign can be brought up in any circuit court. The ninth circuit happens to cover a much larger area than the others
Or move on and do your job. PS- you're not getting a wall either.
@realDonaldTrump Dummy, U need a civics lesson. U must governor w/ legislative body 2make a law-not write an executive order! #OverReaching
They are our courts and not  pawns of presidential power. You are sounding more like a despot every day
Disband and change the 9th circuit! Full of liberal activists. Remember your campaign. Bring back the rule of law!!
Do you need your soother!
sanctuary cities = dangerous cities
you were quoted by @CNN
You don't have the balls to go all the way to the Supreme Court
HISTORY CHECK: Last time Trump told a court he’d see them in court, he turned tail & didn’t appeal a case he’d lose.
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
fake news much, trumples?
What a chump you are, you should not be seeing me in any court you are not qualified, no brains!
STAND STRONG WE VOTED FOR YOU TO FIX THAT CRAP!
You are just so absurd, wasting time and my tax dollars on this issue. Maybe if you paid taxes you wouldn't be so flippant.
I thought it wasn't a "ban"?
Ignore their ruling and just do it you are constitutionally in the right on both BAN and NO FUNDS to Sanctuary Cities circumvent
you've heard of 'contempt of court' right?  i'd love to see dt jailed for contempt
Send a huge message and lock the LIAR UP. THERE IS PLENTY OF REASONS WHY.
Have a wonderful day. Your administration is doing wonders for America
Donald you need someone to read to you about certain laws. You cannot bully yourself through everything you don't like. Lucky for democracy
Yes we will , we will win. When God is with us who can stand against us! Fight the good fight.
I'd take this more seriously if you haven't previously made similar claims...and then back away.
Oh I'm sure if they rule in tour favor you'd be singing their praises.. try making decisions with your ego not involved
Checks and balances exist to keep wanna-be Dictators (like you) from doing whatever they want. You and Sessions should read more so you
Like you saw those ladies who accused u of sexual assault?  Good one.
Keep the USA SAFE otherwise we have another Europe, if you don't like it move there and be UNSAFE.
C ya!
That's right Trumpster 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS. You need to break up the 9th circuit and if possible impeach radical judges who fail to carry out their oath
#NoBan #NOWall #TraitorTrump #PutinPuppet #RussiaInterference #TrumpRussia #RussianHacking #IllegitimatePOTUS #Loser #Remember68M #Resist
You won't " see them in Supreme court"(double facepalm)
Thanks, #NinthCircuit!
You literally just called it a ban.
You are the boss donald
Play the game, its our sys boom bah
How many illegal workers build your buildings and work on your properties or for your partners?  You just don't get it yet do you?
What "ban"?
