Poll: CNN is more trusted than President Trump: https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/07/04/poll-cnn-is-more-trusted-than-president-trump/23015913/?a_dgi=aolshare_twitter … via @AOL
I don't trust @CNN 100% but I trust @CNN a whole lot more than @realDonaldTrump
If you stop saying stupid things the press might have the time to cover all those other things
Good point
The job numbers are fake aren't they? Success with ISIS? you're deluded.
All thanks to Obama. Ride his coat tails as long as possible!
You have accomplished NOTHING.
LOL-All of that still goes to the Obama Admin! Nothing taking place at the moment has a thing to do with you except for US Embarrassment!
MSM refuses2coverUNCONSTITUTIONLphila.FEDisFUNDINGunconstitutionalACTS #DefundPhilaNow cutoff FEDfunds https://vZIFGFoKetM scotus15 8965
23years noHOME,noTRIALbyJURY?Speedy trial is a GOD GIVEN right? #DefundPhilaNow has GOV. allowed PEOPLE2suffer like FLINT scotus15 8965
The only thing fake going on in this country right now is your presidency and your band of fascists administration #nottoomuchlonger
Why are you so afraid of a free press??
You're supposed to be President - grow a pair.  What a whiner - not to be confused with winner.
Still waiting!
@realDonaldTrump #25thAmendment It's a Constitutional duty to insist our gov representatives remove FEEBLE TRUMP from office. #feebletrump
Great success?? Where? What? You actually said border? You're delusional sir, please get help! Sorry, forgot. You accept advice from no one

Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
And your collusion with Russia and @DonaldJTrumpJr Russian election tampering meetings will all be covered. Maybe they have family size cell
The truth is coming- you'll be gone in months - dont let the swinging doors hit you on your way to prison donnie boy
The US is the world leader in freedom of press. Our POTUS is trashing the free press. This is unAmerican as possible.
46 jobs is NOT "Great Jobs #'s
You still babbling gramps? 
None of that is your success.  It is Obama's.  You haven't been there long enough.  Besides all you do is golf.
Your job numbers is deplorable.
The economy is starting to sag.
You don't know what ISIL is.
The "wall" is stalled/not happening.
#Impeach45
You mean Obama's success with ISIS and Obama's strong economy right?
Yes! Your leadership during the recession, a trillion $ stimulus, & healthcare that lets workers work! Oh, wait.. @POTUS44
There is a woman who covers Syria for CBS News, her name is Holly Williams. She's brave, in the midst of it all. Suggest you watch her.
Zero donny. You done zeropointzero.  No one can point to a bill Congress has passed and you've signed.  None.
Why would we do that when the big story is u being charged w/ espionage, corruption, obstruction & maybe treason? Not sliding by on this one
money laundering, tax evasion. Money, money, money.
success with ISIS? Seriously? You've done ZIP re ANYTHING except funneling $$$ to your OWN pocket & being #TrumpRussianSpy
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT THE EXITING ETHICS OFFICE GUY SAID. HE COULDN'T TAKE IT ANY LONGER. NOW WHO IS HE GOING TO APPOINT TO LOOK THE OTHER WAY

Love  My President
This is what you call Class
And hopefully, soon you will stand up, quit complaining, behave, and do your job like an actual president. Wouldn't that be amazing?
Not holding my breath, but it would be nice (although I'd still disagree with most of his policies and goals).
I'm positive once any of those actually happens and isn't lied about they will report it.
It would be nice to see proper grammar from the orange man.
Opioid addicted fake President- do nothing but dreams he did- only helps Russia
Would you stop with the squawking about fake news? Unless you want to talk about the #birther fake news, or the #crowdsize fn, or...

Oh, they talk about them already. You just 1) don't watch those channels and 2) don't want to hear the truth. #impeach45
you haven't implemented any economic policies... you're literally asking for congratulation for the work of a dude you've bashed constantly
Don't hold breath, why America NEEDS this:
The US democracy has always been built around dreams and hope.  Get behind your president.
Say how does it feel sitting in the White House knowing you didn't win the popular vote #Narcissist
Just as soon as Breitbart starts reporting real news and stops with the fake conspiracy theories
Donald Trump the news is not fake, but you are a fake president.
Not sure "success" means what you think it means. Unless you mean bankruptcy, worldwide disdain, and willful ignorance. In that case, great!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Why we get plenty of fake news from the President
At some point our #FakePresident will be forced to resign or be impeached for #TrumpRussiaCollusion #amendment25now
And at some point, you will be forced to recognize real news.
The great jobs and strong economy is really. Really thanks to President Obama who had done really really great and beautiful things really
.@realDonaldTrump Donnie, have someone read Mike's tweets to you. Orange D you are a punk.
Obama's success with jobs and economy.
#Resist #AlternativeFacts #FakeNews @realDonaldTrump
Great job numbers? Strong economy? Talk about FAKE news!
It's so obvious. You use this meme to distract Americans. The truth will come out you will not be able to blame the media
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard. You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.:o(
Every large corp I know are cheering their coming tax cuts WHILE CUTTING JOBS BIGLY! Its not stopping them. So stop lying. #TrickledownScam
This Marine supports you!
Problem is they're not that great, loser.  They're half what they were when Obama was in office, face it you can't live up to that.
At some point. When it actually happens. And when it can be proven that it wasn't things Obama did before he left dice. LOSER
Obama never needed help finding his limo that was right in front of him . Cant wait to see you go down. LONG overdue!  #25thAmendmentNow
Never has our country been more disgraced and embarrassed by a politician in its history #yourlegacydonnieboy
There is something really wrong with Trump
What? That he keeps winning? That he is our Lord Emperor? That he will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Dont sweat it. Lie back and Luvvvv it !!!!
No problem !
At some point @POTUS will have to face up to his many lies, deception and #treason. #LiarInChief #putinspuppet
The democrats are the ones telling all the lies
Tell that to the CIA, FBI, Justice Department and other foreign intelligence agencies.
the public knows when a trumped
up story is being pushed.
Trumped (pun intended)
Apparently not.
President Trump your correct forced is what America Citizens will demand truth all of it
Yes we are conman @realDonaldTrump as soon as ur impeach. #fakepresident#
The fake news will be more real then anything you ever say.
Yes. Wallowing in their lies will strangle them
Get them Mr president we are with you
You're the King of FAKE NEWS! You're an amoral, lying, TRAITOR!
Yes, they might but let us not hold our breathe @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall #FakeNews
The jobs were created bc of Prez Obama. Not u. Quit trying 2 take credit!
You do realize you inherited a better economy than President Obama . In spite of your lie, you didn't  inherit a mess.
But , Mr President , you did not start any of these -our beautiful and successful president Obama did !you are taking credit for his work!
YES THEY WILL ... THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT ...
The GOP is the most dangerous terrorist organization on the planet
Thank goodness you have Twitter!
Thanks for all you doing for our country! GOD BLESS YOU SIR!
Maybe when that becomes real news. Which can only happen when you are out of office.
It would be a short discussion.
Funny thing is, when Obama had better numbers, you tweeted about how inadequate they were. What is it with you and double standards?
Please show me the facts and statistics. #TheRealAnonymousIsBack
You should try comedy because you are actually pretty funny !

The world will speak about your generosity after you make a donation to my family for 5 million bucks! Thanks in advance
Yes its true
NBC, ABC, CBS, CNN, all fake? all out to get you?  really, is that your ridiculous stance? only hannity not fake? come on, usa hates you.
You are delusional.  And as far as I am concerned: "You are Fired!"
yes indeed
You suck
"and so much else?" Ok, let's start with Felix Sader.
Felix Sater, the Russia-born dealmaker linked to Trump, will assist the money-laundering probe. https://www.ft.com/content/159eb2d8-6162-11e7-8814-0ac7eb84e5f1 …
"FORCED"???  What the hell is that supposed to mean?
Go Trump
LYIN' DONdaCON, stop lying and take some ownership of your ugliness inside & out.Stop calling the NEWS "FAKE" YOU become the  REAL FAKE!
At some point, the #FakePOTUS will be forced to vacate The People's House... and take a long vacation at the Grey Bar Hotel. #LockHimUp!!
the media, like many of us, don't like you. We don't need to like you. You need to do your job, let them do theirs.
What news I watch has reported that plus everything else that is truthful.
And our nuclear winter in Alaska!
If they don't, then just keep on Tweeting POTUS! MAGA!
Well, once you do something worth talking about that is also positive, I hope they will.
You keep saying fake news what about YEMEN and the STARVATION there is that fake too
Not as long as you are President.  #RussianCollusion #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #Resign #LiarInChief #ReleaseYourTaxes
You don't need the "news" to throw you accolades, you broadcast it yourself.   You are so full of yourself why should they give you credit?
EARLY RETIREMENT
Mr President, thank you for being ignorant enough to not see that your self inflicted wounds are fatal to your presidency.
Yeah! And then when the "Fake News" media reports that "true" stuff, it'll  become "Fake News" too! They're so sneaky!
Your inbreds may believe that, not the rest of the world. BTW; you're still an ignoramous...just like daddy Fred called you! Remember dummy
What did you have to do with ISIS ? It was Obama's plans. Where were your secret plans ?

Has anyone asked the Dems and Fake News the question: Why would Russia want Donald Trump to win? Hilary would have been a pushover for them!
Why bother about these Fake News channels, only some stupid liberals watch these
At some point Marla Maples WILL get a book published about life with the Orange Anus and Ivana.. well.. she's busy drinking.. #TrumpTrash
He pays her very well I'm sure to keep quiet.  He's terrified we don't know he has a teensy tiny itty bitty LITTLE dick. But....we all know.
At some point you'll be in jail for collusion with putin. You really were putins puppet. Hillary was right. You are fake
Keep doing what you're doing, we support you 100%! You'll never get a fair report fro the fake MSM, but the American people know the truth!
How much $ did Mr. & Mrs. Lewinski get? Their 19 yr. old daughter, got seduced for oral sex, on her intern job. Were was outrage? Payoff$$$
Actually there is no Mr Lewinski, she came on to him, and who cares it was the 80s.  He just rewarded an enemy
Eric, don't hold your breath waiting. I think they would rather go bankrupt than give President Trump credit for anything done right.
What's he done right?
Look at the economy. The markets are at record highs. Companies are building in the US not moving out. All with little GOP help and 0 Dems.
You should tweet in Russian. For your supporters
If he tweeted on Russian, then it would probably get reported
Never seemed to stop him from doing anything else
Thank you OBAMA !!!!!!
Agree % we the people miss president Obama a real president !!!!!!!
The same Fake News media you’re trying to impress with your pointless air strikes in Syria?
Absolutely
We, the people, know.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the bor...
What you say DONALD TRUMP IS fake news. THE nNEWS GETS THE FACTS. YOU DONT
you're still riding Obama's coat tails. Things are worse every day with you in office. #Phony45

No you just paid for your own commercial how lame!!!!

You give them much more bad things to talk about
You're basically a loud-mouth narcissist redneck in a suit. Thank the stars that your daddy was rich and white.
The American people need to start a class action lawsuit against the media. It's gotten numbers of public servants murdered, harassed, HELP!
this president is a  joke  he m
Yea Keep telling yourself that fake President. You have no class when it comes being president..!!
That's not likely. No jobs legislation  nothing for fake news to report except ur lies
Eveything you say is fake news #donaldtrumpisfakenews
Or how Obama created 12 million jobs , and killed unemployment and saved the auto industry but let's listen to me bankrupt 8x
DONALD TRUMP YOU ARE A MEAN DEMONIC BULLY OF A MAN AND GOD NOTICES WHAT YOU ARE DOING TO OTHER'S
Impeach Trump 2017
The real number is probably 28 percent, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.
Cuckoo potus.
Stop bashing freedom of the press, stop spending so much time tweeting and do your damn job.
We can do this
Clinton won popular vote by almost 2.9 million votes, with 65,844,954 (48.2%) to 62,979,879 (46.1%).  Now those are interesting numbers.
Trump tweet about the good u do
Thanks Mr President God bless
Because I believe that what's good for Scotland and Catalunians is equally good for Biafrans in Nigeria.
#FakePresident #DonnyDollHands #TinyFingeredShitWizard # TraitorInChief
I agree 100%, and hopefully you will happen soon. They consider themselves reporters but they are nothing more than haters.
Once you have accomplished just one item off your Pre-election campaign promises then maybe you can get recognition.  Obama Coattails
Please stop lying to American people!  The jig is up the American people know that you colluded with Russia in order to win the election!
Thank you again President Obama for building a long lasting economy that has ccontinued to add jobs & consumer confidence. trump = 0
at some point people will wake up & realize what a CON you are. STOP ruining our country. Start acting like a REAL POTUS. "lyin'DOndaCON"
nobody except RUSSIA respects your lies. . "LYIN'DON da CON" DIVIDERinCHIEF
You sound like an obsessed fool with the "fake news". Don't you have a wall to erect or something?
Just as soon as you face justice for treason along with your entire family we can talk about the rest.
You're not fooling all of us when u degrade press, close press conferences, lie & deflect-no matter if we're D or R, we're Americans first.
Fake news?   The economy, the market and jobs have been good for 8 years...where have you been?
Mr. President...You need a committee to canvas States for good replacements for these obstructionist RINO's in 2018....High Priority!
Ya u r helping isis
I guess that means you'll be talking about then...biggest source of fake news is YOU!
At some point the fake news will be reporting what we all suspect - you're a liar and had your entourage collude with Russia to win #sad
"People are saying" it's Real News and a Lying President.
And you didn't have a thing to do with it lmao
And all of that would truly be Fake News. You are finally admitting it! Your hot air about all your great achievements are all Fake News!
Forget ISIS!! You can at least SEE those turds but the ones you commissioned to Hack HRC's emails/DNC is invisible Russian ISIS. Espionage!!
Why are you so worried about fake news? Commit treason? Try to distract your constituents? Stop lying be a real Christian and admit your sin
The Fake News would rather close the doors and go home than to report your success Mr. President.
I won't hold my breath however!
