@IvankaTrump tell daddy to resign. You can do this - save your country and the world. Now.
Why are liberals so immature.  Say something positive or do something right for a change.
standing up to you tosspots, being on the right side of history is the most positive thing
Ur not on right side  u on left side.  Down with fetus killers  What next? 1year or 2year olds?
what on earth are you even ranting about?!!!
How come you never hold rallies on the West Coast like Seattle or San Francisco? aren't we allowed to bask in Your Glory too? U sorry POS!
Where was Obama and Hillary when the floods hit Louisiana during the elections?  Too busy going to rich dems for campaign funds.
enough! This has nothing to do with Hillary or Obama. Deal with your mess!!!
I thought they were supposed to come into the country already skilled...
He said Americans...
Van Horn really? Doesn't sound indigenous to me #outofmanyone
This shouldn't be hard to understand. Should I have said citizen instead!? How is it you don't get what he said!?
Speaks to how you became a citizen how did you get here - it's a deeper thought, sorry
No it's actually just off topic. My 10th great grand father came here on his boat. He was in shipping. 1634. Cornealious Van Horn. ?
The fascist enslavement program begins. Overflow and dropouts will be directed to the privatized military in the form of mercenaries and domestic security forces to enforce "law".
Nice! How can anyone be against what our President is doing? God Bless him!
Bigot in chief supporting his Nazi base!
Trump is right on about the importance of on the job training. Those anarchists on our college campuses should go out to work.
Get rid of phony education and bring in critical thinking and skills that today's children need to succeed in today's world.
The problem with school is that it doesn't them teach common sense and the basic skills you mention
I know and that is part of the dumb down agenda, we need to change it. Kids need life skills, critical thinking, creativity & recess.
Lots of jobs opening soon in exciting field of nuclear blast cleanup. Make America Radiation-Free Again (MARFA) hats and coveralls provided.
Does anyone else find it funny that liberals on twitter call Trump supporters bots? They clearly can't comprehend they are losing BAD! #MAGA
Because a huge number are bots. Ugh.
Blah, blah, blah...#impeachtrump
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $52,737,643.16 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 

Can't wait til your term's over and you play with me again. I miss you xxx #trumpstinybits
...but keeping and forcing foreign workers out is the wrong answer because it creates more problems than it solves and puts America last. TY
Lies.


your face looks weirdly burnt
Tell ivanka to send nudes
Thank you Mr. President!!!  You're doing a phenomenal job.
The economy is about to crash as a result of your actions, you lunatic.  Please stop thinking with your ginormous, delusional ego.  Please.
And with robotics taking over many of the manufacturing positions, and even clerical, how do you address the loss of jobs there...
Donald J Trump the Ass Clown of America!
How can anyone believe anything that comes out of your mouth.
Come on Donald... You don't need skills to succeed.
Oops typo.... YOU* don't need skills to succeed
How about you stop using scaremongering and fear mongering tactics and do your job for once? Stop acting like a child, please. 

Best,
USA
Because of Obama not you

3 Years, 5 Months, 8 Days, 19 Hours, 16 Minutes, and 49 Seconds
Until my Second term!
Jail term!
We are all rooting for you to gain the skills needed for your presidency to succeed!
But not health care. #WorstPresidentEver
#trumpcrimefamily
Presidency is not about getting good sound bites, this is not a reality show...sadly this is our actual reality

You clearly do not understand the rest of humanity.  Do not pass go, thanks!
POLL 

Is President Trump tougher on North Korea than obama?

Vote below and retweet!!
#USAUSAUSA1stAlways; Thank You President Trump & Team!
#MAGA
Ha!  3-syllable words. He didn't write this.
If you want we can be great friends. Donald. Because I & you. Donald. Together great America. Again
You sound like school kid
Please take your medication! Stop this insanity!  I loosing faith!
Resign, Traitor.
We will all need hunting, farming and survival skills once the Nuclear Bombs start flying.  

Thanks Donnie Orange Face
You are the biggest worry currently facing the world as I write this.  Bigger than Kim Jong Un!
Quite Chilling, huh?
We can all hope and pray that the Intel Community along with Mattis, McMaster and Kelly keep the nuclear codes out of your hands
I used to worry about mortgage payments.  Now I worry about Nuclear Bombs dropping on my head.
Hell yes
THE GREATEST PRESIDENT
Hahahaha
Haters drink the Kool-aid
And Russian bots drink vodka. Bottoms up comrade!
Bu bu but Russia! And bots!
Whaaaaaah! Hillary lost because of Macedonian fake news! Whaaa!
Beat Trump by three million, Ivan
Marijuana overdose??
Oh they happen the #MSM doesn't cover it...#RealNews
I don't know about that sir.
Okay can you write something I can read please? Good lord
Obama was weak on foreign policy & bad deals for US because he was more interested in being everyone's friend & looking good in the media.
Democrats don't want to stick up for America because they only want to look good in the spotlight & they don't want donations pulled. $$$
Dems are obsessed with a "one world order" & in the process of trying to attain that, the US has been taken advantage of by other countries.
The Democrats lost the house, then the senate, then the presidency, they even lost governors, yet they keep pushing the same things. Insane.
And Republicans *still* can't get anything done. Why? They've gotten so good at obstruction they don't know how to get out of their own way.
@nytimes @dcexaminer @CNNPolitics @MSNBC and they were ceases to amaze me how gullible those atheists are
Wtf kind of word salad is that?
So now you're a champion for women? Let's ask the dozens who've accused you of sexual assault or those who you grabbed by the p***y
Nazi sympathizer
I laughed so hard I fell out of my chair

Meanwhile.........
It's always fun to watch you read, Donald. Seriously, dont you ever PREPARE for anything? The Trump Admin is so disorganized, good Lord.
douche.
Which Americans? Not all of them, right?!?!
#resist
We are with you MR. PRESIDENT.
Great again!
More BS from the So-called president---lies, lies, lies!
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
Lol i have a degree get overlooked all the time
Poor Daddy, CEOs leaving in droves, he's not responsible for any econ. growth- where are those coal jobs? Oh, right, LOL
I am 57 and just enrolled in a college to increase my working skills.  And, my company offers free training.
He is reading off a card. My God. Nothing from the heart?
He can't remember.  Anything.  Past 5 minutes.

#when you make the wall donald trump
Awesome! Now then I want that wall! I want the Great Wall of America!
هاذه ي لغة العراق مستحدثة لله العزة في المستقبل سوف الشعب المريكي ستستخدم نافي الغة معك لله العزة
4/5 a higher level and expand this knowledge with alliances between Stanford, other US institutes and the IBIOMER to provide this service in
Lies, lies ,lies
Shut up
Nice Jo
I agree!!! Lefty education never taught anyone how to fix a paper jam!!!
c5vcc4c crocsgvcvvgvvcs4cccc ,u atsooo89⛟⛟stepping
Why did you & #MikePence allow your #Unitetheright #whitenationalist #terrorist supporters to #murder #HeatherHayer in #Charolettesville ?!
@IvankaTrump where is this wonderful leadership you bragged about? Oh, on the fairway....#Charlottesville
Hi when where who? Just more lies and empty fake bullshit words. Star by telling your base to stop their violence against good Americans
I'm Proud To Be American
I'm So Happy You're President
Guessing those folks on the Trump Train don't want to actually do those food service and field picking jobs.
Thank u President Trump. You are truly the Promise Keeper!#MAGA
You have done NOTHING so far and we all know it. You are just a bulldog for the Alt-right.
Dude, you won, inexplicably. No need for campaigning.
We need to educate people so they don't fall for con jobs that got your dad elected. Impeachment / jail is near. You are all con artists.
If it weren't for his daddy's generous beginning start in life he would be a bum
@tempteststorm2 real crime is  good things happening in Our County r drowned out by the insanity of politics. We r destroying ourselves.
Americans are with u mr president      Do what u must - you are the first to stand up to nk - hope they think long and hard ,  firenfury
Neither you or @IvankaTrump have any blue collar friends that are machinists.
america will thrive when you RESIGN.
Sure, takes back to the nineteenth century standards, uneducated ignorantis barbaricus...
Boy we cannot wait until you are jailed
President fuck-up wonders why things are going badly. #PesidentFuckUp
Lama does not help Egypt to provide expertise and develop Egypt and modernize and progress for the better
You're idiotic father is a COWARD!   He is a white supremacist and a KKK member!  I would be ashamed.

Please STAND DOWN TRUMP. I WANT TO LIVE!!!
Promises... nothing important until you denounce HATE, Prejudice, White superiority!!!
How's the nations nuke bomb shelter digging skills?
Thank you again President Trump for being the honest fair strong leader that we need.  You and your family are so nice and selfless.
Seems TRUMP also condones Nazi groups who preach “that Kushner bastard, who's sleeping with that beautiful woman"
Be the man you say you are and stop lo
Well only part of my tweet went you so I ask again for your help
Stop
KKK IS IN THE WHITE HOUSE
Only Good Nazi is a dead one

Comrade Trump,U do realize that all states have a workforce development program.This is not your creation. I know U find that hard 2 believe

Re-train coal miners!
gee, i saw 'as promised on the campaign trail' and thought you were releasing your taxes.
Kool
Mr. President. Long-term economic prosperity is enhancement of basic education of American citizens..
Who r u kidding?
Hopefully you wont destroy the planet with your childish pissing match with Kim Jong Un. No growth or opportunity if you pursue nuclear war.
Workforce Development : 67 Intense training assignments which are vital to operation sustainability ! 67 weeks programs ....MAGA
If you're trying to resurrect (look it up) #Reagan's JTPA, that was a way to transfer Pell Grant $ to "private ed", think ITT-Tech quality.
In other words, the factory jobs aren't coming back. Retrain for something else. Yeah. Just what you said.
DENOUNCE! YOU CLOSET RACIST! COWARD!
#IMPEACHtrump #IMPEACHtrump #IMPEACHtrump #IMPEACHtrump #IMPEACHtrump #IMPEACHtrump
Make sure you let the coal miners know.

Former KKK leader David Duke credits President Trump for inspiring rally in Charlottesville 
Trump is doing is fine job!
#ImpeachTrump
No credibility-all Trump does is take credit for Obama's successes.  Trump is responsible for yesterday's events in Charlottesville.
https://twitter.com/yashar/status/896457607086559238 …

Is this what he was telling all those Nazis at his rally's? Gain skills needed for opportunity to murder & succeed
What would we do without smartphones?? 
Enough is enough, Ivanka. Please... we are begging you.. get ur father out of our White House & out of politics! Thank U
You could use some skills your self. Math, science, language, manners, history. Have you enrolled in pre-k yet?
You're killing jobs, not creating them. You've never helped anyone in your life. You don't even help your girlfriend up from her knees.
You are fighting for more jobs for every American this should be enough to bring citizens together we need positive news positive/unity! GBU
Apple doesn't fall from the tree and you people are only obsessed about white power and money

I will pee on @realDonaldTrump
When are you and First Daughter bringing your factory jobs back to America?
#WINNING and WE WILL KEEP WINNING IN SPITE OF THE LEFT'S BEST EFFORTS TO DESTROY OUR COUNTRY AND THE PATRIOTS WHO LOVE IT
aren't you too busy trying to stop your investigation?  And you seem to care to learn about how to pardon all your family.
too bad you don't care enough about your job to learn what it entails.
5/5 Iberoamerican countries beginning From Venezuela (as long as it is Free) or another. I request and ask for your help! @realDonaldTrump
@WhiteHouse @StateDept @BreakingF24  @POTUS A FUCN LIAR MNUCHIN CUT FUNDING 4 THESE PROGRAMS 2 BUILD A WALL #RESISTANCE #IMPEACH45NOW
Mr president watch your 6. Heard you had a bad player in the white house
Yeah? When? NOBODY wants to work in yr stinking, TACKY resorts.
Of this country has caused so much damage. You think of yourself and your profits you're not a patriot but a carpetbagger. You will never
Thank God for POTUS!!
@Donald J. Trump Very interresting Donald, what about Trumpcare? And North Korea?
Then why did your dad de fund free educational programs for coal miners (like coding) so they had better futures after.coal??
Telling Guam this nuclear threat will increase tourist is sick.
Retrain coal miners for clean energy jobs is a start. Coal is dead & clean coal is a fallacy. Plus, y'know, black lung isn't good for them.
Please publish the variable statistics of what you actually did, and what is the improvement in the USA budget...
Ahhh Nup.
More lies Creep.
Yay!!! He's my president!!! ;-D

You've clearly stated your position. Now let's move on - don't get bogged down as your opponents would like
more coal miners   yaa  good  one  make  buggy whips  too
support law enforcement, Pres.Trump, vets, military, and those who serve  support law and order
https://www.facebook.com/supportingleos/ 
I'm sure there a millions of Americans who are dying to work in the fields for little pay~~surely you and your family have all done it.
Americans or Nazi's. Your being married to a sell out Jew just makes it worse. Leave - all of you!
We already had plenty of low paying crummy jobs nobody could live on decently. Trump has done nothing for workers except make empty promises
President Trump you are the best that has been elected to the presidential office. What you    are enacting for theVeterans and the jobs!
How? When? Where? What?
Is this photo heartbreaking to you? This reflects the REAL America WE ALL LIVE IN. Stand up against racism or you are part of the problem.
It's going to Crash
You have no interest in the lives of Americans and you know nothing of how to solve the issues before us. Step down.
