请保护帮助受中共迫害威胁流亡纽约的阿联酋公民郭文贵先生及其国内被非法羁押的亲友，美国总统川普先生你是正义者，捍卫自由人权守护者。
他自己都泥菩萨过江自身难保了，指望他有个鸟用
求习近平？
求菩萨
DEAR MR PRESIDENT TRUMP PLEASE NO JOE LIBERMAN FOR FBI DIRECTOR HE IS A POLITICAL HACK A DEMORAT HACK NOT WHAT WE NEED SIR. New blood please
My family & friends R planning a huuuuge impeachment party.It will be the best party, believe me! We're all wearing orange!
It can't happen soon enough. From one Nasty Woman to another. Impeach Trump!!
Mr President Trump, this Mr Juan Manuel Santos is a corrupt president and an ally of the guerrillas FARC
And the lib-tards hate goes on
Trump needs to sue the lib media
GO TRUMP! ! ! MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA !!!!!!
Hmm u say illegal border crossings down 73% then WHY THE HELL DO WE NEED A WALL?
Because it will go back up when another Obama type is elected.
I get it, you don't want immigrants coming to this country. Guess what......neither did the Native Americans   
I'm all for immigration.  Just LEGAL ones.  Is that SO difficult to understand?  Geez.
That I agree with. I don't agree with deporting them as they leave church
The one you are talking about moved into the church to AVOID deportation after being convicted if crimes and was still granted a 2 yr stay.
Do you mean the mother who's only previous charge was deportation?? Or the ppl that were taken while leaving church?? How "Christian" of you
If my profile that you stalked looking for ammo said I followed Islam would you say How "Muslim" of me?  No.  Sad.
Our Potus never stops working on behalf of the American People.  He is a real leader & wonderful man of God .. God bless you & thank you.
Tkank my friend for your work for my country! United states is  the land of  the  freedon ¡  venezuela i will be  free again!
saw Santos struggle to say something nice about you in a TV interview! Leaders don't like you!
It is a great thing for the American citizens to have you as our President Donald Trump Thank You
666
He speaks better English than our President.  #sad #impeachtrump
@mcredder why did you  this?
Seems like an accident
seems or was?
Has Obama or Dems ever mentioned the drug problem in America? or even attempted to tackle it besides encourage it. Under Dems Addiction  
No
@marin_nia
Do not believe in santos or maduro or putin. The plan is clear to destroy USA and from South and Central A will be possible. Advance!! 
@realDonaldTrump @Potus @VP @PressSec  @WhiteHouse 
Make America great again.
Respectfully, please resign.
I have no respect for you @realdonaldtrump. You've been a shit-show since you started to campaign. BUT if U resigned, it would be honorable.
@JuanManSantos 
#SOSBuenaventura 
This city in Colombia is suffering for a lack of drinking water, educación, employment, violence. HELP!!!
Who also happens to be under investigation by his country for corruption..,
We are disappointed that you are taking such a strong stand against cocoa!  Our Winters in PA will never be the same without cocoa.
If you want to stop killer drugs, look at your pharma friends. They're flooding West Virginia with opioids.
Renegotiate that NAFTA till it looks like something good for our country. Finally, a president who cares about his people.
م
End the war on drugs.  And it's done (and the drug-smuggeling CIA out of biz).
https://youtu.be/TQTaXOmyKTc 
#ImpeachTrumpPence 
#ImpeachRinseRepeat
It still hits me every now and then... How the hell did this happen? HOW did this person become president? Surreal.

We are all going back to pre 1913. grow our own food,free Energy!NO MORE Corrupt BANKING Ownership!Bankrupt Bullshit!
Need to spend the money on drug treatment. No demand no drugs. Weed should be legal for all adults. It can't be worse than alcohol.
Bruh @kris_koz
if you are really strong, command your men to n Korea.
Awesome
Mr. President thanks for trying to deal with my countrie's current leader but don't trust him he is a slimy liberal. Farc cannot be trusted!
Wondering how many secrets u told him?
Why we don't spent money to provide homes and care for the drug addict? No one wants to do drug! Trust me. Stop throwing people to prison!
Thank you @POTUS @JuanManSantos #Venezuela needs urgent actions please. Government is slaughtering Venezuelan people and killing the Country
Do you think you can pronounce his name correctly?
OMGosh!! You, Mr. Narcissistic President, yeah--you, Donald Chump--are such an embarrassment to this country. Stop the madness--Mr. Poser!
Long winded soul I must say
how many secrets did you blab to him? Unnamed senior WH official under investigation. Closest to Trump. We R guessing who.
is he worried about the WALL?. Tougher to get the booty through?.
A great way to watch American and foreign interests grow. At home, #MAGA with our congressmen for your supporters and future generations.
Mr. Trump With so many problems that you have Whit the anarchist, socialists And fake news, you should not support the President Santos
Are you getting more orange?
The Colombian people won the referéndum angaist the agreements that Santos Made with the guerrilla, but he ingored.
Also the tax reform that Santos did is impoverishing the Colombians. People don't get enough money
Santos gieve the ex-guerrillas political positions, plus giving them the land that they took from peasants.
One example what Santos President does:  worker earns the minimum exa.$7.25. An ex-guerrilla how doesn't Work earns $15. That Is not fair.
Mr.Trump, I vote for you. You have my supor. I'm from Colombia And I tell you: Santos Presidente is a traitor to the country. Be carefully.
Did he drop off some more blow?
Good news
President Santos has a better command of the English language than you.
Great honor they all think your a joke, another version of kim
You like an orange...
What am supposed to use for my hot chocolate though with #trump announcing a crackdown on #cocoa 
impeach orangepuddle
impeachment
el mejor presidente que va a tener Estados Unidos de Norteamérica se llama Donald Tramp
Trump is heading overseas he will fuel up and go to Russia from there and stay there with Snowden dodging the bullet  #353
Everything is about you. Get outta yourself. Get help for your broken ego so America can get some dignity back #TrumpResign
- Keep doing what you are doing. Don't let the subverters of America throw you off your path. All these relationships will pay dividends!
Another crook.
You were honored to meet a leader who has class, intelligence and a calm demeanor.  Unlike you. Should have taken better notes, Donnie.
Embarrassing slab of lunacy, you. Durp Durp, btw you are under investigation! #impeachtrump #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
What do u have against cocoa?Children drink it every day!Do u know the difference btween cocoa/coca?Millions supporters sayingTrump w/Russia

Did he offer tips for your sniffling problem????
AND JUST WHAT CAN HE LEARN FROM CORRUPT , NARCO RUN SEWER LIKE COLUMBIA ?  WE NEED YOUR GUNS , MONEY , FOOD & KEEP ILLEGALS WE SEND TO U.S.A
We support you but stop throwing fuel on the fire. Stop Tweeting! God bless you Mr.President and God bless America!
كلب  بن  كلب
Wow that was a really #awkward press conference. Try answering questions in a more human way. Didn't anyone teach you manners? #embarrassing
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today! Joint Press Conf… ...
I agree with you he is a Cuban government follower.
A president that Colombian people don't care about. They hate him.
you are the only guarantee to prevent that colombia wont be another Cuba or Venezuela. God bless you and dont forget Colombia.
Drip! Drip! Drip! 
I love the way you hate to be politically correct @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. @BarackObama never had this much guts #MAGA
Now you are telling that Colombia has gotten poison the farms to stop cocaine, why don't your country stop to smell cocaine? It is easier.
Colombia ya no es solo productor sino también consumidor. Por si acaso..
Pero es problema interno, no de Trump.
Además que la magnitud del consumo aún no es comparable.
Feliz cumple año Presidente. No serás el mejor presidente del mundo ; pero sí el mejor de todos los mejores del mundo. Tu pueblo te ama.
k8
DUDE CAN U ACTUALLY LOOK UP & TALK 2 PEOPLE INSTEAD OF HOLDING HEAD DOWN & READING IT.MAKES U LOOK LIKE A 1ST GRADER LEARNING 2 READ
Trump do not be do Proud to host Santos . Colombia is in Bad Shape Trump. The FARC and Drugs
A estado en conflicto con la guerrilla colombiN
Esta muy bien pero!  No olvidar q .colombiano h
Todo puede ser bien pero recordar que la guerrilla  a hecho campo en colonia i pensar que  queda cenizaniza  i atento por los EEUU
yay  ''coke'' for everyone
Kha
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
@official_barak about time you realise we are all equal, stop killing for money
@official_barak if you allow the drones to keep killing you will increase your terrorist threat !!
How much tax dollars did you give Santos in the fake war on drugs.  Legalize and stop aiding drug dealers.
bsuhns
Does he run the drugs in his country?
DID YOU MANGAE TO SCORE SOME SNOW FROM HIM...
Please. Can you sit up? You look like you're sitting on a toilet every time you have one if these photo ops. Just sayin'
The problem is you, you're a clown of a president -_-
tell columbia to eradicate all drug lords and drug sumgalers and drug addicts
Nice Choclate Cocococococ  You look like a fool. Maybe you are !
Dude, why don't U show pic of French prez crushing your tiny hand, Lol !
Think of us the Christians In Lebanon we do need your help Sir Trump

@drginareghetti ...is a narcoterrorista president...! ...please!
Trump the entire country thinks you are a joke.  You are so out of shape you cannot even walk.
r u gonna do the "Montenegro Sweep" on his ass too?
THE MAN
????
I like his hair. Ask who is stylist is. #badhairday #badhairlife
Santos is pushing Socialism-
Check the fast track and how he is against the Supreme Court and allowed "The Guerrilla" to govern the Country
Reading like a two year old
Discuss "cocoa" much? It's the COCA plant, you lunatic. Do not try to act smart; it's hopeless.
Congratulations President Juan Manuel, seems a very nice person
I enjoyed the meeting between President Trump and President Juan Manuel
the few genuine men trying to fix this messed up planet
Please, do not allow him to convert Colombia into another Venezuela...
I have been a paramedic in the past and it breaks my heart to see more than 3000 people a day die.
Get em trump
Did it ever enter your stupid mind that a simple ladder will get them over the wall
.....also....demonizing a natural plant is retarded.  Moderation is key to anything you do in life.
Thats gonna stop Our drug epidemicc?  Have u talked directly to addicts or 'gang members'?  I have.....u should hmu for better solutions
Thank you for meeting with President Santos and for bringing up Venezuela. Wishing for the best in the future.
Yes it will be good for Us.
نحبك يا ترام
I bet you did enjoy having the Columbian president for a visit. You washed up coke head.
Good
I know you won't get this but it's a great honor to have you as our President keep up the good work.
Good, now leave Venezuela alone, they have tea DEMOCRACY. Stop playing the CFR OWNER'S GAME
Mosca...este es comunista y traidor
President of Flim Flam Inc.
maybe a closet drug lord  ?
@JuanManSantos is not in the capacity to end the drug problems with all the power n $ he is giving the insurgents castrochaviFARC.
ya was coked up wasnt ya i seen ya eyes ya looked litty
Liar
Wow, you DO always look like you're sitting on the toilet!!! LOL!
Only U would bring him here!
Idiot
When men walk down stairs it's for the woman's safety that he goes first in case she falls. Going up she goes first for the same reason
