True true and we're part of that group  so over it
If people would stop living their lives being a COLOR and start living it as AMERICANS, this country would be much better off.
They can express their rights but #notduringtheanthem
quit trying to divide the country. What is your reasoning? It makes ZERO sense
Perhaps YOU should back the US by speaking against the #GrahamCassidyBill which will do FAR MORE damage to us than an athlete taking a knee.
45 NEEDS TO RESPECT ALL AMERICANS!
WE STAND FOR DIVERSITY, INCLUSIVENESS!
GO TO RUSSIA YOU TREASONOUS POS!
Coming from a draft dodger and a traitor, that's hilarious!
We have the RIGHT to protest. It's in the Constitution...read it. Taking a knee during the anthem is a protest. Get over it.
#nowdonald. Nothing about football is boring. Stop acting like a child.
NFL and it's players not only back the USA, but work  positively in their communities! NOT like trump, the president of LIES and HATE!
Cancelled NFL Sunday Ticket! @NFL @nflcommish905
Say whatever you want, about whatever random topic that flies into your pea brain. In the end...U already know you're going down in flames.
Robert Mueller must be getting very close
Your ratings are way down and are the worst ratings in almost 100 years. They will continue to drop cause as a pres. your'e horrible.
Don tha con why you so mad?
and your approval rating?
Seriously, what a small, petty little man you are 

RT if you would turn down an invite to this White House.
Dotard
Dump Trump!
your ratings way down!! Not NFL's!!
#putitdown
I wonder how these guys who take the knee would do on the battlefield with bullets flying around rather than footballs? STAND UP!
#FakeNews #FakePresident
Like your approval rating?
Lol.your rating are in the gutter.
NFL has a duty to the investors to sell paintballs in the stands to boost ratings :)
Your version of America is falling apart and it couldn't be more beautiful. #TakeTheKnee
Talk about ratings failure. Biggest football failure of all-time is #Trump #USFL. He's just bitter, impotent & looking for #NFL revenge
Ya know what was really boring? That football league you started and bankrupted. Huge snooze fest. But, you're so good and bankruptcy
Shouldn’t you be worried about the man you continue to taunt who happens to have nukes? #notmypresident
Shut up and be a leader, idiot
God bless him ... special, brave, heartwarming guy!
.@DCPoliceDept .@ChicagosFines19
We r done
Season ruined already
I've decided to master a niew piece on the piano in lieu of time I'd be watching foot ball.  Time we find better entertainment!!
Great idea good for u 
...another snowflake triggered.  Job well done Mr. President.
Yeah, Neil, you know the first person in the room to call snowflake is a snowflake. It's like smelt it/dealt it with farts #shitsweak
You know he smelt it........
Good pic.  Definitely looks like a snowflake
you're slaying with the new material, bruh
I bet this one really makes your liberal heads want to explode.  
Except they aren't way down.
The liar-in-chief strikes again.
Way down according to whom We already know ur estimates on crowd size is SUSPECT 
No it's not. Quit lying. Your lies are out of control and hopefully provide a path to your removal for being unfit!
Fake news
The NFL players disgust me I will never watch them again for their disrespect to our country our president and our flag
Way down. Record lows.
They will see the light when it hits them in the pocketbook..
If you want to back the U.S., and it's citizens, then you must also do more for the people in Puerto Rico!
Seriously?
No yours are way down Comrade trump
Not as low as your ratings
Sad that NFL players disrespect their flag, and one of their own. Pat Tilman quit the NFL and gave his life for this country after 9/11
How about worrying about more important issues like bi-partisan efforts on healthcare and infrastructure?? Let people voice their opinions!

The hate you spew is disgusting @realDonaldTrump. They kneel because they love this country. Listen and you'll hear. Simple as that
Why do we have a president who is a liar. One day you will stand before God on that great day of judgment.May God have mercy on your soul.
The great people of America are being heard!!!
Blowing Up #TakeAKnee - https://savinggraceatguantanamobay.com/2017/09/27/blowing-up-takeaknee/ … .@NFL #Stand4Anthem #BoycottNFL 
College football is lots better... ~ !
WRONG. RATINGS HUGE THIS WEEK FOR NFL
NFL has more views than your backwater show "The Apprentice" ever will Donny.
Please President Trump further help our huge deficit and cut the NFL funding, they do not deserve my money anymore
Just cancelled my NFL Sunday Night Ticket
If they are gonna be against the flag, then maybe they should change the NFL emblem and not have the stars from the flag on it.  Then maybe
And then change their name from national football league to something else since that league is supposed to represent the nation and
And then maybe all military personnel and air crafts should not attend unless they are going as fans, not military.
HEY, psycho, get off your phone.
Idiot
Please concentrate on tax cuts, Puerto Rico, N. Korea and other important stuff. Put your Twitter account on hold for a few weeks. Please.
Actually thought Rodger Goodell grew a pair of balls but nope worst NFL COMMISSIONER EVER IDIOT
I agree, love to watch football but don't, and never will again.
Tell them they aren't allowed to play the anthem. Use reverse psychology.
YES! Using Ur freedom & right does NOT mean step on other peoples toes &Not using NFL for political gains, Disrespect FLAG-&playing GOD.
Don't YOU have 3 MILLION Americans to SAVE????
Or are we still obfuscating the REASONS For Protest??
Most of us were taught how to fold the flag properly, take care of it, wave it proudly and most of all respect it   Basic civics 101
I am amazed at your inability to govern effectively. How is the NFL more important than Puerto Rico? #TakeTheKnee
You lie EVERYDAY—
People and groups. You obviously have no idea what your role as president really is!!
Are attempts at a civil war won't work. US AMERICANS, that know better, don't like you. 
That stupid trump train is going to derail. LOL,LOL
Did you get these statistics from the same place you got the attendance numbers for you inauguration?
The players are free to protest, OFF THE CLOCK! As an employee it is UNPROFESSIONAL. NFL rules & contract are signed knowing they must stand
You're a BUM Trump!
you are delusional
#putitdown
sorry..no boring games yet....most competitive season ever!!!!!!
#WorstPresidentEver
No true I will never stop watching because I can think for my self unlike some people
Preech
@realDonaldTrump @bully #bully

amen!!!!
I'm also watch Green Bay beating Chicago 21-7 just under 13 minutes left in the 3rd
The Flag runs red with African Americans Blood !
Trump should back first amendment
Are they fake football,Mr. President?
Canceled NFL Sunday ticket through Direct TV. Will boycott all games until this unpatriotic nonsense stops.
EXCELLENT. when they Attack our FLAG, the Educated, Patriotic ppl STAND UP together . Great results always happen.
No, they aren't.
You're crazy Trump
Way down? What world do you live in? Your ratings are WAY down. Bye Don.
Why doesn’t he use history as a guide for what this great country is all about. FREEDOM OF CHOICE
What do you think MAGA is?
Amen
Thank you Trump
Send help to Puerto Rico! They are Americans too! #TrumpResign
I’m not doing professional football this year. I’d like to see many more less people in the seats.
Maybe if we paid teachers millions of dollars a year, instead of ball players, we really could make America great again
No one respects weak minded players who fall 4 propaganda then choreograph stunts to virtue signal = so hokey, so embarrassing, so stupid.
God bless you Mr. President
fie them, fire them all. Will not EVER watch another NFL game, either way...done!!!
Never
You are a ruthlessly efficient... if you intend on being the worst thing to happen to America since slavery. Absolute embarrassment. U = 
We Hate You WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You
They would have gained more respect by actually going out to the black communities and working with the youth and police depts. on a better solution, than taking to their knee which solved absolutely nothing.
Agreed!
People don’t give a shit about you.
Voices heard or sending a message doesn't make us hate our country stupid Wish you was a real man look at u like a 5yr old throwing tantrums

Get real you lying about the ratings as you do everything else you need to shut up and be quiet

Love watching the NFL but have had enough of the disrespect for our flag and country.  Goodbye NFL from Disappointed Fan.
You are just making shit up...as usual. Where did you get this info?  Fox News?
Social media will be the downfall of this country. Damn animals have more intelligence than some of these ignorant people.
What a shock. Another lie. They are up. I NEVER watch football. I was glued this weekend. #loveNFL
Why don't you do something about the mass shooting in downtown Vegas, rather than go on about the bloody national anthem your the BOSS not a
A Blonde, going bald,you're the fucking President of one of the biggest super powers on the planet, you couldn't organise a piss up in a cnt

Your shitty president is worried about NFL ratings when Puerto Rico (that is part of the US since ppl forget)needs all the help they can get
Nobody want to watch hysterical snowflakes. Especially not black snowflakes.
It's in their contract.  As a businessman you know contracts CAN be enforced.  Simple solution.
Attendance was down at inauguration too and your ratings are lower than other presidents.  Seems to be a trend!
We already know that

Pat Tillman's widow Marie shared this statement with me. She is hoping the president sees it. http://bit.ly/2yDk5Tm  
@NFL Loves our country @johnmccain2016 loves our #country @realDonaldTrump all you love is yourself loser
Dear God, are u a president or a sports commentator? Seriously ur ridiculous!
That would be great. But that will never happen
I agree President Trump!
Not really. TV ratings are down because more people are watching on the go via mobile, tablet, and online platforms. That's a fact.
Your ratings are way down 
For the love of our country, please drop your ego, find compassion, and put your Twitter account on hold.  Stop golfing for awhile!!
What about you said people missing chromosomes and you make fun of them.
We have ALL sinned Monica and come short of the glory of God. My brother was draped in an American flag when he died in China last year.
Take away the federal tax subsidies for the NFL.
Focus on YOUR job!!
#PuertoRicoRelief 
#PuertoRiconeedshelp
Good lord and all these jackassas call themselves Americans!!! More like hate loving racists.. read somevof the stupid shit on here..
What's our plan for Puerto Rico please give your support.

agree that is the only reason attendance is down.
A lot of players are Muslims and the rest are Dum Democrats
Oh
President BORING!!! He should be fired!!
YOU should back the country!
Over paid rapist and women beaters and cheaters are all they are.
Its people like you that want to take away the right to protest and end democracy as we know it. Is that OK with you?
Speaking of being way down in the ratings (just so you know, in politics they're called polls)... Cough Cough
agreed!
The ratings for all sports are down. NASCAR, MLB, NHL, NBA, etc. not about loving the country. BTW the kneeling is about police brutality
Uh no NBA ratings up
I could be wrong. I didn't write the article
Another bold lie
Doubtful. Tickets are already bought by big business as perks. Your supporters can't afford tickets. No impact. Fake news president.
on the contrary, potus should back all of us, not just a fraction. Sen/House answer 2 constituants, potus answers to ALL Americans.
STAY IN YOUR LANE!
They haven't realized their BIG MISTAKE by this action. It's not you that they and all these others are fighting it's God! Consequences 2 B!
I have a good suggestion. Don’t do anthem and fly overs. Will save taxpayers $$$. If Team wants to protest don’t show up - forfeit the game
How about u let them smoke weed again instead of forcing meth on them #trump #methdealer #presidencystealer #hilarykickedyourass #fudgepack
NFL attendance and ratings are down because people support the players rights to highlight injustice
Trump’ ratings WAY LOWER than #NFL Boring and Loser
Where's the facts in this, Mr, Fske News Maker?
The one guy who hadn't noticed the rah-rah-rah over how many years?
Here's a news flash for you these players are paid to play football not stand for an Anthem. #firegoodell #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Obama woke up a lot of angry, bitter people who love to raise hell...and hate.  They thrive on the devision these liberals flare up!!
Most irreverent things compared to what's really going on. Focus on your JOB as prez. Bashing NFL or whoever hurt your feeling this week
