your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
Distraction...

Your experiment in vanity is almost over.
#MuslimBan is Unconstitutional #TrumpTraitor #TrumpColluded
@realdonaldtrump. Only travel ban should be to ban all russians
Always breaking the law. Pos in chief. Pack YOUR bags dRump. The Karma train is coming for ya!!
OK fake president why ur approval rating 39 percent worst as any president resign or risk being cuffed
The only ban we really need is banning you from our white house. You are a disapoitment to human race.
It is long overdue.
Wow,  you are freaking out.
Agree
that’s why nobody is answering the phone.  YOU are being shunned by the FREE world.  Despit’s and dictators are your only “friends”. And they even want you dead.  You give them a bad name
the only ban we need is a ban that stops you from talking or tweeting. Why don’t we impose the ban while your on vacation abroad!
I hope you land in jail defying the courts what you think you are a dictator that's what you are trying to be.it will never work in America.
The outsiders aren’t the threat this country is being torn apart from within by those who continue peddling hate and rhetoric
You are dukie
Muslim Travel Ban!
GOOD    LUCK
Resign Dotard!!!
- Yep...They should not allow you back in the country!
you are just a racist in power that is all. A little man sad.
You are not the KING of the US You can not do whatever you feel like doing The 2 big mass killings were Americans!.Impeach
The only president in my life time who thought he was a king and had no respect for the Rule of Law was Obama period
WOW!! Your ego has finally exploded what little brain & common sense you have left.Enjoy civilian life
So tell us how a "travel bank" would have stopped Stephen Paddock?  The perpetrator from today's shooting?  It wouldn't.
No we don't.  We need a Trump ban!
Sorry!  Not a dictator.  We have a U.S Constitution.  Maybe you and wealthy can go buy a small country and run.
That's not how it works Donny John.  You're going to make RBG mad now.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TR...
One Widow got all the bells& whistles.Why not these 4 fallen soldiers?They're Black,
Latino,Native ur a RACIST 
Agreed. They should ban you from travel outside Trump Tower. And they should forbid you to tweet. I only hope they uphold your impeachment.
Please try to circumvent the Supreme Court, I dare you! You do this and your surely to be impeached.
Why ban them when they already live by your mirrored image?


He calls himself an American? 
NOT!!!



FAKE president !
you just violated your oath of office.
- go ahead - screw the SCOTUS - unless you are to  chickenshit!  Let's see how that works out for you BLOTUS!
A travel ban on what? Neo Nazi alt-right racist Trump supporters? Good idea, keep them in their own state in their mother's bed.
Christians know too well the warning of False Prophets.Careful Faith and Freedom/Evangelicals & self-righteous behavior!
You only say that now #Trump because you accidentally told the truth about it was. Sometimes chickens poop on their feathers  #TravelBan
Don't you hate it when you're done wiping your ads after pooping and then you have to poop again?
Tock...
This travel ban not racist. In certain areas of E TX, trees R hiding trainig camps. Use undercover 2 find out what Mosques R teaching.
What we need is to remove you as President so we can restore our respect in the world # IMPEACH TRUMP
How can you run this country when you spend so much friggin time on Twitter?!? Get off social media and get your ass back to work!
Like the UK has done to you
I find this pretty pointless. Most attackers in Europe have been homegrown, as were the latest in the US.What will this ban do to stop them?
Keep fear mongering it's what you do best.
@reslDonaldTrump keep calling it that, because that will help the supreme Court rule against it.
Trumpendejo do you want extra water with your water down Muslims ban..
We did end up with POS for President..
Break up the ninth circuit! The unelected branch of government does not have the authority to make laws! Congress better stand up to them!
And I am calling you what you are...a criminal!  We will expose you. We will.
Your insane!!!
you need a mouth ban..
!!!
you need a mouth ban A.S.A.P. don't you get it people are tired of hearing you...Dah...
I support travel ban and THE wall. #MAGA
Ok if travel ban is a good idea then what is solution for me my fiancé is in USA and she can't come to visit me in Afghanistan tnx president
r:
Cool, that is, what it is, after all.
You think you gain new voters by tweeting this tripe, when all you actually do is reveal yourself as petty, venal, & very, very frightened.
But they keep getting the bills turned down.... you're not above the law, mister
You can preocupy yourself with travel restrictions while simultaneously kissing the NRA's ass and we lose US citizens by US citizens.
16,000 murders of US on US citizens 44 a day. No. of those killed by terrorists in US 80 in 9 years. WTC crash done by Saudi's. Priorities?
So now it's lawyers, too? #everybodybutme #Narcissist
Hey Mister, how do you know what "we" need? Who's that "we"? Don't speak in my name please. I don't need any ban. Just education.
That literally goes against EVERYTHING we stand for
President TRUMP, why can't the people go to travel for visit their families ? You will lose your face if you make people angry.
Haha, you're shooting yourself in the foot
Muslim people who practice sharia law can be banned right? Shariah law is integrally integrated in Islamic religion- they won't integrate
Someone needs to take your phone away
Happy birthday
Yes
why am i  blocked?
Travel ban is unfair if there was a ban before you meet your wife you would have never meet her
Okay.
I say anyone who desires Sharia law should be banned to Muslim Nations who utilize it. It's diametrically opposed to our Constitution.
Biafrans are always praying for you ,
Still waiting for Liberals to tell me what race Muslim is? Guess I should have a Snickers as I'm not getting that answer anytime soon.
You might want to lay off the Snckers. Just sayin'.
And it's just fine to call it that. Still wondering why if it's about Muslims Indonesia not included? Oh wait...it's not.
Thank a schmekle.
That's because you know nothing about the Constitution of the United States of America
The courts are calling unconstitutional. The oath you took was to uphold & protect the Contstitution
President your doing a great job
I call it common sense, about time we have a President capable intelligent decision making.
That is your democratic and free speech right as long as we get to keep our right which must mean there are no fake news!
Failled again
If it was ok for OBAMA why not for pres.TRUMP NOT TO MENTION security of America. CS liberals could care less about security of amererica???
It's a start can't he be our PM
you Sir sound like a racist with your travel ban. ALL middle easterners don't want to harm us!
MAGA!!!!!   http://i.imgur.com/OL4oPrv.jpg  

#POTUS #DonaldTrump
YES. YES AND YES!!!
cool, lets ban ALL tax evading, bribing, useless, billionaire communists, LIKE YOU!!!
ASAP- these courts will have blood on their hands if they dont pass it, that is only common sense!!
ASAP for God's sake, pass this travel ban or you will be responsible for Acts of Terror here in US because THEY ARE PLANNING IT DAILY!!
You lost the election by the majority of the people. You are NOT a dictator and you never will be. Move to Russia.
Why, this is very midsummer madness! 
Please resign, @realDonaldTrump Love, Shakespeare
UK has a travel ban on TRUMP. Hell the whole World wants to travel ban TRUMP
Agreed!
Can the travel ban be used to ban Donald Trump?!?! That would be a win - win!
We need a TRUMP ban.  You are pollution.
Open your eyes guy and listen to people who know more than you. This guys cannot be this dumb.
Enjoy your ww3 Trump, it's only a matter of time
You are in contempt of the Highest Court of our nation, Supreme Court Is NOT your tool. You do what you're told...your job.
We need travel bans and you you can call it racists. That is the stupidity of the whole thing go back to your countey if you do not honor US
I am with you!
I call it one more step towards impeachment.
We HIRED you! <3
Good job on sealing the deal! Keep tweeting!!!
Travel ban ? sorta like London did to you ?
have you checked your senility lately.  If not, you are completely insane. And of course innately evil Herr Hitler.
Poor low IQ Trump, too stupid to understand he can't bully his way through the law even with all his court cases he lost.
this is not a dictator country, this is a Republic, get off your wooden horse.
@psgsr160 @SpeakerRyan HERR TRUMPLETHINSKIN If U violate separation of Government Powers we will will see U jailed. treason
Yes Donny WE THE PEOPLE finally agree with you. A Travel Ban IS needed for "You" to travel to Russia then be BANNED to come back! 
We call it the First Amendment
Kwa hiyo hata nyinyi mnashida
Just call it what it is. A Muslim ban. Go ahead. Big headed racist. #puppet
FU TRUMP
Keep standing!! America First!!!
It's unconstitutional whatever name you slap on it!
You are ABSOLUTELY RIGHT! You are doing a GREAT JOBPresident Trump & We The People are so Grateful 4all the HARD WORK YOU DO for America
You were the one who said it wasn't a travel ban in the first place.
Do u do your own tweets or is that someone who really detest u pretending to be u on twitter?
ur going to jail and u no it. With your small hands and brain
Thank You Mr. President for your resolve on this issue!
You are funi
تو یه احمق زبون نفهمی
If you were President in 1776,our population would probably still be around 2.5 million. With no people from other places.We wouldn't be USA
We should travel ban you.
Good! Look at the UK and places like Luton because they wouldn't listen to Enoch Powell. Muslim communities all over where others fear to go
