So now Donald admits there was meddling after saying there never was meddling. Which is it?
More like he wasn't the one in on the meddling and wasn't privy to meddling that's classified info before election
I don't really care about the Russia bit myself. I care about Republicans ruling like Democrats, authoritarian & meddling in citizens lives.
Those are RINOs that need to be voted out and even then still not comparable to democrats
Most importantly, the Republicans love big government. They talk like Libertarians and govern like Democrats. Both parties steal from public
Part of Obama’s plan to bring America to its knees
You are the most evil man that has ever existed.
U guys, Russia was an excuses to investigate tRump, his Money laundering is what's going to end his presidency, #SealedIndictments #Soon 
That’s not even a legal possibility
Ow I'm sorry I didn't know you were the east district of Virginia grand jury.
#MAGA360 is your portal to the truth
Voting Machines. Think 'Literally' 
Exit poll count volunteers proved numbers, trumped the programmed machines. 
#MachinesGottaGo
Pesky emails 
They never thought she’d lose.
The reason that Fu** Face 45 hasn't done anything about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is bc they helped him win.
Are you not the PRESIDENT? What are you going to do about it?
Yup!! And then it would have been war with Russia!!
Of course you did nothing to resist benefitting from them too. You're such a childish shit. No one believes you. They're out to get you.
Thou art a caluminous malmsey-nosed death-token, @realdonaldtrump
You have cheapened the office of president beyond measure.
100% correct! It only mattered when she lost
P.P.S. Also, you've admitted that you won the Electoral College only because Russia helped you. Otherwise, you would've lost #TrumpRussia
Actually no, Delusional is what Nutzi Fascist Democraps are.
Actually no, Delusional is thinking that @VictorLynnAvera is a human and not a bot.
No shit, well all did. We didn't expect anyone to belive your bullshit, l don't blame them. When your struggling you'll kling to false hopes
STOP TALKING.
Don't listen to these CNN repeating liberals. Obama and Hillary did more for Russia than republicans ever did put together
So what's your point?
I bet math is hard, huh?
Yep. 
Trump is still your president
Trump is an illegitimate president who deserves no respect & needs to be removed.
good luck with that
Obama confiscated two Russian compounds known for harboring spies.

You invited Russians into the Oval Office and revealed Israeli intel.
the election is over. Move on , Donald Putin.
The popular vote did prove that. You must love the electoral college. That was the 1st time since 1960 that there was not a sane candidate.
Russia meddling was under Obama's watch. When he thought Hillary was winning it wasn't important. You need to show how you will stop it
DUDE. Everyone expected Clinton would win. Hell, even YOU expected Clinton would win. That's why you were so abysmally unprepared to govern.
or maybe he wanted to #MAGA. 

u think @BarackObama could stomach @HillaryClinton? 
listen to the '08 primaries. u think he did a 180?
BS! You have been in office 6 months but can only bash HRC and Obama to distract from your troubles. Sad.
You fools.  He's playing you like a fiddle & has u chasing the laser while he's cleaning up DC. God bless my POTUS!  #Pray4Trump
Keep drinking that Kool Aid.
Come on you re the president, just be serious! You re acting like a 10 years old!
You just another one of those Russian Bots.
What does this have to do with the price of bread??
Too bad Obama didn't push it regardless of GOP views. HRC would be POTUS & you would be sucking your thumb in a corner somewhere.
Russia wanted Hillary to win, she is far more blackmail-able.   

Plus Obama was Mister "Transmit to Vladimir"  Hot Mic, Hot Mess!
And the reason you've done nothing?
By the way, he put additional sanctions on Russia, kicked out diplomats and spies, and closed spy compounds. He also expected you to act.
He thought you might be concerned about an attack on our sovereignty. But that was wishful thinking. Instead:
The only thing Trump has done is block all his critics on Twitter. #BlockedByTrump
And play golf.
Eat chocolate cake while issuing missile attack on 'Iran'.
And not release his taxes.
Obama took forever to show a FAKE birth certificate
Your right Mr President. Your always right!
Well duh!
you don't even get it. You just admitted to aiding and abetting by saying that Russia did hack us..
Your hole just got 4 feet deeper!!!
Oh yeah. Keep digging Trump.
Comrade ☭ Trump The liar n thief.
The United States needs to stop treating sick people as an opportunity for profit. That's the answer. Why can't the GOP understand this?
Also stop using struggling young ppl wanting an education as an opportunity to cash in. Our government has become a band of pirates #greed
u ok hon?
I'm in one of these 'no go zones' right now, very scary. Just saw someone smile while buying lunch. Bloody outrage.
This is also mainly an article about the FLA, which held a very peaceful demonstration countering ALL kinds of extremism, FYI.
BTW - thanks for confirming Russian interference is NOT FAKE. Some people may have thought it was some fat guy in NJ.
Yet Obama did nothing. In either case. Weird.
Wrong. He imposed sanctions, and evicted Russian spies from the two houses. Drumpf wants to lift sanctions and bring the spies back!!!
False
True. #Resist
Also incorrect.
And she would sort it out? Also, probably not a good luck to publicly sic the DoJ on your political opponent
At least we know that you're admitting that Russia meddled in our elections and not a 400lb guy. You couldn't have won without them
mute
Sane or non-saboteur GOP would tell Dems: NOTHING on #TrumpRussia moves until @EvelynNFarkas @AmbassadorRice testify about leaks/unmasking.
MONTHS passed since the unmasking news and @AmbassadorRice has yet to testify. Instead, the GOP goes along with Dems on Russia.
GOP leaders are too stupid to grasp that the #TrumpRussia hype is an excuse by Obama Admin to justify its spying on/unmasking of @TeamTrump.
The "leaks" cannot be called "fake" and "illegal" at the same time. Now, please Yossi, learn to control your trolling.
Is killing someone with a "fake" knife still murder?
Normally, one cannot yell "FAKE NEWS but the leaks are illegal" because that confirms the content of the "leaks" is true.
If a story is later corrected to be false they are often retracted. Unlike Alex Jones do with his conspiracies.

DJT can also sue for libel.
Challenge: turn a news station on briefly about 10 diff times and tell me if you hear anything other then negative about the "other" side.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected...
Get all that golf in asshole (76x) , & counting.I don’t think you will b golfing in jail you fucking asshole
And what is the reason that you and your campaign embraced Russia, Mr President? That's what we are more interested in.
Nearly every liberal Obama worshiper I've come across shares 2 things in common. They never served this country and they need the govt tit.
You keep admitting your win was a fraud
Hates Obama so much he will admit his win was a fraud just to blame it on Obama
You just showed everyone you don't understand the meaning of "meddling."
"Interfere in"
Good job, and thank you for looking that up.  Now you know "meddling" doesn't = "proves fraudulent."
If an outside source meddles in a game of chess and I win because of it, my win is fraudulent. It's not that hard to comprehend.
I'm sorry Sean, you can't make things up, this isn't coloring w your 6 yr old. "I win because of it" is your make believe. 3.5 more years.
HRC/Dems did themselves no favors and deserve a lot of what happened; however, you're blind to the facts that are out there regarding Trump
According to Wapo, what happened was, Obama didn't want to appear he was politicising the attack, like trump did.
#NiceTryTrump
...like when Trump publicly asked for Russia to hack Hillary, remember that?
#NiceTryTrump
This isn't sarcasm.  It's deflection.  How can you not see it? He's called it a hoax until now.
They all knew that VAULT 7 cybertech makes it impossible to truly ID that any specific country/entity hacked since Vault 7 tech can fake it.
You are the WORST president EVER!!! I am so ashamed, embarrassed, and disgusted for the United States of America.
Exactly!!!
Yeah but U accuse everyone that the election was rigged so if he expose Russian ties is there any doubt U would use it HYPOCRIT
He might have even thought after Uranium one that they were working for her...S'possible ....just a thought...
I actually think it's more egregious than that. Maybe, Just maybe, Russia was working for Hilary because of the uranium deal.
@realdonaldtrump NO. He didn't want appearance of putting a thumb on the scale. He started work to investigate, which you did not finish!
Obama knew if you win, it'll be his most brilliant move , possibly impeachment/ jail/your downfall due to Russian collusion!
Again, deflection not gonna fly, loser. You're fired.
It was fixed for a Hillary win w/voter fraud, intimidation, media collusion, riots & assuming we're ALL stupid. God blessed America 11/8/16!
-5 tweets in a row- obsessing abt Obama. #Thirsty.U look foolish.U shame the U.S. w/ ur orchestrated drama&chaos.#LockHimUp
@FoxNews they should investigate his behaviour to see influence & others in witch hunt Let them pay for wasted time & money
The real story is how much do you owe Russian
......no no .  its because all high level politicians are owned by big business and they only find that out after they get elected..EH DON !
Which is it? You said Russia did nothing to interfere. So if they didn't do anything, what was there to investigate?
Oh puleeze, even a child eventually understands when it's time to search it's OWN 'work' to determine whát went wrong, and then correct it.
You have just confirmed that the Russians had meddled with your election as POTUS! #muppet
......despite the meddling, not because of it. You won because of it. You have some pretty shitty arguments, homie.
I think Obama wanted Hillary 2 loose-he wants J Bidden 2020-using Sorros backed groups 2 ruin Trump Prsdncy- dems 2 take Prez & house/senate
And what's your excuse?
you are the worst man ever to be in the Oval Office but you time is running out when mueller gets to the bottom of it
What's wrong with you
How are you trump
Have you noticed that President Obama has the class and maturity to refrain from responding to you?  Have you noticed that you don't?
@HillaryClinton would have been a far better president than a Russian assisted clown for sure

Probably, but he also didn't want you to keep crying about it being "rigged" because he interfered, a claim u made daily.
So Russia is fake news but Obama caused it?????? Do you ever think when you speak? Or ever?
It also would have revealed the illegal wire tapping and unmasking that had taken place.  I hope they are all prosecuted Mr. President.
I think it's because Russia did not hack the US they hacked the DNC; and the DNC did not want to turn over the evidence.
No it's because you said it was fake news and he made the mistake of believing you.
they refused to believed that you are a traitor!
So Russia *did* meddle? Is that what you're saying.
You would not shut about about rigged election and crooked Hillary.  More people wanted Hillary than you.
So now meddled Wow when did that happened we all known that but u #fakeassprez
So you admit to meddling? Hah! You're not a president of the people. You're the president of Russia!
He wishes.
Or, maybe he did not want to interfere with the election. Too bad he didn't.
CIA is a globalist controlled anti-American organization that needs to be dismantled
Can you actually just try to run the country and stop running an election from days of yore?
Because he was scared
True true true didn't happen thank God I'd hate to think where we be right now 
The question is: what are you going to do about it now Mr #POTUS ?
Obama put sanctions on Russia kicked out 35 spies called Putin 3X, put states on notice GOP states REFUSED help & seized RUSSIAN COMPOUNDS.
You, on the other hand, have shown no interest in keeping Russia from interfering in our elections. Why do you get a pass?
He set up sanctions, expelled diplomats, and confiscated compounds. Nothing is what you are doing.
You are 100% insane. Go away.
yes, your son in law worked it so that did not happen....fake potus
Do you unterstand you just argued that the election was NOT rigged after all?
Who told you That, Frump?
Expected that the popular vote win will be the President but Trump/Russia with his alternatives facts was good for 62m.loser won
Correct assessment. I still don't see how Russia might have convinced voters. Nothing but wild goose chase.
Does that mean Obama thought the Russians who  allegedly interfered with the election were trying to get Hillary to win?
And now you read minds.
Your claims are pathetic, but
still you matter on.
#haiku4goawaylittlebuzzinginsect
You are in charge now just govern already. Get you agenda implemented and stop obsessing about the past.
All the libs thought that but we Americans showed them and they still can't accept it
No, he rightly realized that it would agitate your base because they are stupid!
Interesting fact: When you point a finger  there are three fingers pointing back at you!
Your the president. Why do you waste your time on tweeting bullshit like this. Grow up donald.
Your poll numbers are tumbling
Well we now know they cheated for you!
So it's NOT Fake News?
Can u stop to tw...?? #blablabla
He knew we were colluding with Russia but didn't do anything because he thought we were gonna lose anyways. . What an idiot! Sad!
.@realDonaldTrump You finally ADMIT Russia interfered to help you "win". Thanks!
Goes 2 show how stupid he is. I have never seen a President who made EVERY decision based 1st on politics with the people's well-being last.
U need to resign before you are thrown out for your lies.
Trump still has not done anything at all about Russia. It is so obvious he's being blackmailed by Putin. Now today with his  Syria comment
Good grief.
IKR, and he still hasn't finished his crow dinner!
I know ! that is why they can get over!!! loosers! still in a shock! good for u Mr President!!!! you doing a great job!
Agreed, and they want WWIII
Actually he consulted with members of House & Senate---it was the GOP leadership's treachery & blackmail which silenced CIA
#WatergateWithRussianDressing
thinking about the mere 36% of folks who approve of you reminds me that 64% of people think you suck canal water!
Lol I thought that was fake
And you followed suit?
and what did you do ? ...... You encouraged Russia. #Sad
Wouldn't it be ironic if all the news he calls fake is true? And his news is the fake news?
She did win the popular vote which are the people of America. You just need to act as tough as you talk and hold Russia accountable.
Is there no low that you will descend? Mum always said the guilty one is he who points fingers in every direction.  Man up!
Mr. President, please stop tweeting. Preserve the dignity of your office. More speeches to broader audiences, more press conferences, sir.
WE DONT CARE FIX THE SUBWAY SYSTEM IN NYC
So, what is it exactly? Is Russia a hoax? Is it a fake story? Or, since you mention CIA, did Russia meddle in election? Make up your mind!
Clinton didn't win cause you cheated.
keep lying. The truth is coming out- you will go down in history as the most despised criminal ever in that office.
So you admit you won by default.
So what?
