Besafe1
Please don't embarrass us.
I don't believe you
Does the U. S. have an extradition treaty with France?
The relationship between the United States and France dates back to the Revolutionary war -- France will Trust America again!

If you care about the future Generation of our Country share this video. 

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1894536427455274&id=1646933652215554 … 
 BE CAREFUL 

*•*Have A Safe Trip*•*

Passed Some Good Bills

*Today Outstanding *

 "My President "

MAGA
Have a safe trip, don't let the Liberals get you down
This time stay away. #WTF
Please stay in France. That's the best thing you could do for the USA.
Enjoy your visit. Praying all goes well. Safe travels. 
Proverbs 16:3
Commit your #works to the #Lord, And your #thoughts will be established.
In the beginning Trump created heaven and earth - Marla 1:1
See if you can win the handshake this time
rdy?
I bet you will be protested and laughed at.
I would suggest you don't come back, but the French hate you as much as we do. Bon Voyage, Traitor!
Tell him I said "hi"
I'm sick of jules s stupid tweets.
They have guillotines there. Just sayin'.
Sick
Just got back from France. They DO NOT like you. Have fun #25thAmendmentNow
And surprise, they did it without selling out their country and tweeting about it.
Godspeed Mr President
Please stay there. Thank you. -most of America
Hopefully a real man and president can teach you a few things about democracy and serving all people!
Pretty sure the most direct route is over the Bermuda Triangle. Safe flying!
What are the odds @realDonaldTrump won't cause another international incident?
Good luck, and God speed
Best stay clear of the 'No trump' zone Donnie.
Wow! Bon voyage!
The Quid pro quo. https://www.facebook.com/moveon/posts/10154583577555493 …
Macron is a pussy who married his grandmother!
Feel free to stay there.
Will he even bother to learn what isBadtille Day? Can they do a pictograph for him..
Please don't embarrass us any more.
God bless  and good luck!  Give em hell Mr. President!!!
Nobody can keep up with the Trump train.  Keep up the great work.  Trump 2020!
Stay.

3 Years, 6 Months, 7 Days, 18 Hours, 24 Minutes, and 6 Seconds
Correction: 2 months

Yeah! Leave!! 
Media is tells u that means u have been deceived by the Antichrist demoncrapslies and I strongly believe that u should research truth before
Lmbo. Antichrist demoncrap liberals stand against everything of Christ! Growup and research the Bible! Wow. U believed Antichrist liberals
Wow snowflake big words for little Lady! Trump bringing jobs back to take people off food stamps! Antichrist obama put people on food stamps
The only numbers Antichrist obama had good was the most money spent10trillion! Than other presidents in history and the most people on
Macron with his Mother
Be safe! God Bless and God speed your return! God keep the swamp creatures in line while your gone! 
Many people support DT was a mistake, they stand behind him due to pride. I remind you pride is the core of sin. DT has no integrity at all!
No one cares about Russian Bull crap! Dems just can't get over losing the election. Give them nothing.HC broke law!
so who wrote this for you fella? History and facts not your main thing eh?
The real question is, is this a vacation for you?  Don't you think you've taken enough vacations?
Gross! The French are smirking, you & Mel are just so...distasteful?
Good finally you may learn something from @EmmanuelMacron like how not to be a dick.
Macron doesn't like you.
I heard they're rolling out the all tuba orchestra for you.
Praise the Lord & thank you for our pm India trip safly America
Remember Tony Pasha. His parents voted for you and you are sending him back to a country he doesn't know.
Wear a rubber...
No one cares
Stay there.
He has a 14% approval rating in France. They want him even less than we do.
You may want to know some history before you go
We are praying for safe travels 4 u and all who are traveling with you. God bless u Mr. President. U are blessed & loved! Thank u!
Another President like Putin who has figured out if they stroke your ego they can get whst they want.
so macron invited to leave?  does someone proof read what you type out?  ahh forget it I know the answer
Keep your head down "over there", many have forgotten that Americans died to give them back their country... to be invaded again by muslims.
Did he ask for the statue of liberty back?

Try not to sucked into a vat of creme brulee.
Going to retry that handshake contest you lost?
Woohoo another Stupid Trump waste of tax dollars to go to France Impeach Trump NOW
GOD SPEED @realDonaldTrump proud American supporter of you sir
Yeah, did someone give you a quick history lesson on those days?
We don't want you there.
Thank You!!..
POTUS made all Americans proud by commenting on Macron's hot elderly wife!  POTUS is class act!  Embarrassing!
Don't come back
WW1 started in 1914. Why is the U.S. being honored for being 3 YEARS late to the Party?
!!!! RESIGN !!!!
We were in WW1 a lot earlier.
#Shame on you & your son, Mr. President. So much lying & #coverup. It continues now. #disappointment #failure
Your wife won't even touch you when she is forced to take pics with you upon meeting President Macron and his lovely wife.
FYI..Morocco is our oldest ally.
Please don't come back! You're doing us a solid by not! K thanks!
Do you even know what Bastille Day is?
I need you ask u something donald
Try, please try not to make a fool of yourself or the US.
Dont trust Macron, watch your back sir!
Do you know what Bastille Day is?   They are not celebrating you.
Good God, I just watched your press conference and I couldn't be more embarrassed right now. Please do America a favor and resign!!
Love and favor go with you!
Now THIS is a vibrant, intelligent, positive quality trio!  You just don't fit in!
Be careful china ,Now china start to threaten korea, taiwan ,japan india and Vietnam, Make America Great And Safe, must stop it!
2 things. 1) he's a new friend. Please don't embarrass us. 2) delete your account
Please don't come back
Nothing like insulting the first lady of France.  What an ass.
We are watching from outside of the swamp and I'm enjoying watching you drain it. Keep up the work Donald Trump you are the man
What was Macron thinking!! Why invite this idiotic joke of a fake president to a country he once said isn't Paris anymore!!
U know Macron not only has accomplished more than u on his own at a younger age; unlike you he is a smart man. You are not repeated by Paris
Now this kind of tweet, I like.
Safety and blessings fiori you and @FLOTUS !

Thank you for all your hard work.
Rest assured... it's not a trap... he won't make a fool out of you..... You are very capable of that yourself..
Was it really necessary to abbreviate "ready"?
Macron, like many true world leaders, have your number, Toddler. You got played masterfully by Macron.
Is it that hard to spell "ready"?
Why don't you just stay there. You would be doing us all a great favor.
Make us Proud POTUS Prayers and Blessings.We believe in you.
MAGA....STAY OUT OF THE COUNTRY, LOSER!!! #impeach
Your not adding numbers right, is only been 79 years not 100. And that way America is a shame of you being our leader!!!
刘晓波
Very careful.
Hey jules, he is really getting to you isn't he, do you see him in your dreams and I hope you realise he don't read your shit bro 
Get there on time - the US was late 100 years ago!
http://abcnewsgo.net/page/justin-osofsky …

Justin osofsky Global hackers overseas terrorist operations
Hope you never make it back, you slobbish, orange freak!  #TheyGoLowWeGoHigh
GD luck Mr President Im from France and hold dual citizenship
Who cares?
Best to get out of town while you are still a free man.
Don't come back as you are not welcome in America as more and more evidence of your treasonous behavior comes to light.  #impeach45 #indict
The anti-Trumpers are so foolish and so immature. Most have not likely graduated high school, judging from their comments today.
Good trip me president. Very proud of work you are doing. Don't give in to those liberal
Too hot in Washington?
@BretBaier I think that Krauthammer, Crowley, Swan and  Hayes  should all  be educated by Jonathan Turley and Alan Dershowitz.
Please try and keep your big mouth shut as much as possible so as not to further embarrass the US!
Resign.
Lock him up in the Bastille. Revolting
USA late for WW1 and WW2 trying there bloody best to be early for the next one!
Enjoy the protests
Even a simply innocent tweet like this from you makes me pissed off!
You shortened ready when you could have used 4 instead of 'for'
Prick!
Have areattime.

Fire all the  Republicans wheyouk get home for screwing up!!
Sir. Don't forget Bastogne? Would be a "great" honor, for you to visit a sight of a great battle?  "Rock Steady Mr President!"
Good point.
Pretty significant battle Tim?
Always Great when Trump Leaves the Country
Ask for political asylum while you are there
Haha, you're so out of Macron's league. Nice try
Ils se moquent de vous. 
Please pay attention to what a leader acts like.
Be careful. Food testers?
That AH, doesn't know history or Bastille day or what it even means. Lies daily, stage 4, do it

Have a great trip you represent well the USA
Godspeed Mr. President! #MAGA
Wow they are letting you back in to France... This world
Excellent  we hope globe peace initiatives
Great, you on an international stage again to embarrass the hell out of America

You do realize that you are the kid nobody likes, but your Mom forces you to invite to your party because she's friends with your parents.
Obama wouldn't even go to Europe for "D-Day"!
Don t come back loser
So what? No one cares.
Macron needed his pet buffoon for the celebration viva le france
Try reading up on the Statue of Liberty while you are there, you old fool.
Love Obama! Orange child needs to be institutionalized
Watch out for Macron he's a French snowflake. A deep-fried snowflake.
When you get back read the health bill get it right YOU said it would be the best ever get it done!!!!!!
Donald trump, how are his kids not deformed, I guess "Trump Disease" doesn't run in the family
Ummm missing a couple letters there Donny...rdy?
You President Trump and your family  make the USA proud when you visit other countries.
Try not to eat with your hands Dude.

Be safe Mr. President.
As a Veteran I served my country proudly. I laugh every time I see this treasonous draft dodging Butt Dart "honoring" our military. #coward
When the going gets tough the tough flee the country #COWARDLY
