Not assuring insurers that the ACA will remain viable & cutting Medicaid reimbursements, killing affordable healthcare! On your watch! AWFUL
Because insurance companies are greedy.  They want to insure only healthy young people who will pay premiums and never use it!
Just let the ship keep sinking! Hopefully 2018 election WE can vote in NON politicians that will do the work of the ppl
You don't wanna fix healthcare
You'd think @realDonaldTrump, the Prez, would be reading a daily brief, not watching TV.
Amazing, who would ever think corporations concerned that POTUS would withhold insurance payments might actually get out of that business?
Amen, time to rescue the country Trump!
tRump is the a$$ hat that sabotaged it.
Anthem said the move was partially due to the insecurity you are creating in the market. You are literally trying to kill of your base!
That's a pretty stupid decision, just like the decision to make @realDonaldTrump president.
So you're the great negotiator, right? Why aren't you working to keep Americans insured?  Why do you hate our citizens?
Tell the real story of why they are pulling out! Trump is with holding cost-sharing subsidies to destabilize the market & cause ACA failure!
The republicans own this, now and forever!
Not shocking but MSM says ACA is great
What are you doing about it, tweeting again.
You do realize that the President does not have the power to make legislation, right?
But he's such a great buissness man and deal maker. he'll immediately repeal and replace at least those are his words (1/2)
And you cant blame dems because the GOP are the ones in charge right now
Blame them for what? It just hasn't worked out yet. We must be patient.
Trump's plan: Sit his country club & watch Americans lose their healthcare so he can say "I told you so." Milk bucket under a bull.
Do you work for Fox or the American people?
Vlad
Does Vlad own Fox yet? 
Perhaps Donnie thinks it does
Congratulation on you insanity creating unstable markets. Too bad TassNews left that part out.
Maybe if you paid like promised they wouldn't leave the markets.  YOU are killing the ACA #resist #remove #savetheACA
American people Repeal and Replace Congress in 2018 !
Let failed ACA legislation  implode. No subsidies for Congress or insurance companies Eliminate Medicaid expansion. No single payer system
@POTUS  was right! AGAIN! i quote "obamacare is a disaster. You know it. We all know it" end of quote
Is this a surprise? Obamacare is dead!
This is factually misleading. Why are they pulling out? Because trump is SABOTAGING instead of fixing. He promised HC for all. He lied!
Who cares?  Anthem is terrible!
@realDonaldTrump please do the right thing and try single-payer. You will go down as the greatest president in history if you do that.
If I hired someone to paint my house and I told them I may or may not pay them when they finished, I doubt they would stick around either.
Again with the schadenfreude response. Does this give you joy? Millions suffer & you're delighted? Ugh.
No delight in that tweet. That is just your revisionist history as a liberal.
Or a clear sighted view of what is. Piss off Tony.
Lol, @ExcessTony if you want true revisionist history, look at everything trump has taken credit for that he has had nothing to do with.
Tony is only programmed to talk about "liberal revisionism".  These accounts don't even try to hide what they are anymore.
Oh i see.... and nobody knows what you are lol.
3 following and one follower, no picture posted at all. Is this how I spot a bot @beermieser ?

Nice!! Let that shit fail!!!
Great job Don 
Yep we should keep Abamacare says the brainwashed citizen, the paid off politicians, liberal bias anti truth media.
If this it's true I'm sure it's directly attributed to President Dumb dumb doing his best to murder the ACA. He just doesn't care about ppl.
Another one bites the dust!
Trump probably paid them a fine price to back out ...this aint last admins fault its BIG CORP leaches
They're pulling out because they're getting killed in the private market
Democrat voters believe the government's role is to pay for everything. Independent citizens want the government out of their life.
So the rich are not people?
Maybe if they paid their taxes like most of us, we'd feel more empathy 4 them. If U love the U.S., U pay for the privilege of living here 
They more than pay their fair share & WHY should they spend their profits for us? They earned their money. Your opinion is weak. Don't bully
im wondering it would b like if govt actually made the payments they promised they would when ACA was enacted.. Im wondering how much $ govt
will pay 4 something called anything but ACA will cost tax payers?  do they think better coverage, cheaper premiums costs nothing?
Maybe @AskAnthem should explain why they are growing profits but pulling out of ACA markets.
. @AskAnthem like other entities do not have any sense of duty ingrained in their culture. They are inept and couldn't figure out how to
Obamacare is the policies that are junk and cannot be used at all when you need them. I know because I have it.
Stop lying...
Another one bites the dust.
America announces it will withdraw from the lazy boy posing as president.
With all this great stuff to retweet from fox I bet your bibs full of drool this morning.
Man baby, tiny hands, tinier brain
Because your administration has refused to announce  ACA enrollment timeframe and won't guarantee CSRs. Stop sabotaging ACA and let it work
Has nothing to do with GOP administration.  Has to do with HHS an inability to price/construct 2018 plans.  Same problem for last 8 years.
Don't even try blaming this on Obama!
Trump is destroying ObamaCare.  He even said he would.
Meanwhile we approach a constitutional confrontation!
Taking pride in sabotaging Obamacare. What a compassionate president.
You libs are going to make my head explode from your stupidity. Obama makes rep get blame what?????
Quit sabotaging ACA.
2/3 of price hikes & pull outs cited Trump's "erratic dismantling" of Obamacare & not updating insurers.
Please site your source.  What does "updating insurers" mean?
Thank you Obama and ignorant Marxist DNC! Another one bites the dust. But you can keep your doctor!
Just the beginning of many to withdraw from ObamaCare... guaranteed
And people will still defend Obamacare because they despise trump, a whole new level of petty.
it's ur fault
The slow, agonizing death of Obamacare is still not enough to compel RINOS to allow the House Bill to move forward.  We have to remove them!
that's ok, Harry Reid still has a few months left on his Caddy plan...
...because of you, and uncertainty that you don't know what the F you're doing.

LOOK @realDonaldTrump  @Obamacare is falling apart on it's own. Who woulda thought.
So Trump gleefully retweets this, like the spoiled man child he is. #impeach #convict
Because YOU won't pay the subsidies like the government is suppose to!!! #dicktator
It's the doctors, hospitals and pharmaceutical companies fault.  They just charge anything they want because ins will pay for it.
GOP has been undermining Affordable Care at every turn for 7+ years now.  Any wonder ACA is floundering?  Get real:  fix ACA
Liberals...do you see Liberals....it was a disaster that we had to wait and find out about after it passed....it's passing away right now !!
Are you happy about this? You know this is bad for people you represent, right?

Americans doesn't want this Foolish Care and are Fed up of this Boo Boo Care. 
Kick out this Foolish Care out the Health Care for Americans
Another one bites the dust. How many more have to pull out before those "elected officials" are unelected or do what they promised?

President for of us u wit
Fake news
Would this have anything to do with GOP sabotage?
Because of uncertainty with YOU!
Why are you gloating on this? What happen to your promise for every US citizen to have quality, affordable health care? Implement that plan!
Stop trying to blow up the exchanges so you can destroy OCare U dream of it exploding & don't care about the millions of people who get hurt
REPEAL OBAMACARE 
Always the same few Trump haters all full of emotions and no facts.

$5000.00 deductible is ridiculous. If she only make $10,000.00 then she qualified for medicaid. So either you are a liar or shes to stupid
posting your own failure to shore up market after a legislative embarrassment. Any school nurse could discuss healthcare w/ more adroitness
My opinion on Obama care is it really depends on what state you live in. I live in Florida and he is very expensive and worthless.
Not all doctors take it. I'm for getting rid of it
Thanks Trump
This sucks! 7 years ago I had many plans to chose from, now I have 1 plan with a premium that has gone up a few hundred over the last yr.
The next "deal" for the American people is to witness POTUS understand the govt and private sector partnership - cost share=fiscal respons.
Uh, Obama, Pelosi and the Dems are the ones that sabotaged the insurance industry, so they could give us VetAdmin style single payer.
Maybe if Trump stood by the contract they wouldn't be leaving Nevada.
Thanks state-run news. Potus needs to stop threatening funding for our universal health care, with no replacement. Trumpcare is horrible!
Gee, if only The GOP could draft legislation that wasn't embarrassingly bad, maybe we could FIX healthcare.
To turn the United States into an authoritative government, We are a free liberal democracy and will fight you every step of the way.
Why the hell are you happy about this???
Due to @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse #congress
All due to Trump so he can score a "win" while destroying peoples' lives. That's the president-unbelievable but true.
When will America figure out it isn't access it's pricing go after pricing have regulations about that & healthcare costs will go down...duh
In my studies of US History...typically when big businesses hate it, it's good for the little guy  wonder if this is the same case
There was no need for government to take over health insurance except to make more money for them and to have yet more power over the people

As the North Korea situation reminds us, we will be dealing with the consequences of electing Barack Obama for decades to come!
@realDonaldTrump Where will Harry Reid have to go now to get his head removed from his ass?
Great job Obama.  Some solution you put in place.  Go back to community organizing where you fit in.
Proof that for profit health care is not working.  The reason the health care costs are astronomical is because of insurance co. greed!
Fake news!
Did your Donald make a bully call to them, or is it simply his policies and threat to withdraw subsidies that made this happen? Disgusting!
ACA was a failure from jump street. Look at these geniuses down here  blaming it on free market and conspiracy. Lol
Can someone explain to an Australian why the US health system is such a mess? We seem to have a public/private system that works OK for most
The stock market you rave about is down today bc of your comments.  Word matter.  Be strong but pls be credible and controlled
Good. Then maybe something will be done. Go Trump!!!!
Huh, imagine that. After months of you threatening their income, and years of the @GOP doing the same, they're finally giving up.
Another one bites the dust! The Democrats DESIGNED their ignorant Obamacare to fail. How dare they Slobber and demand help!
this is very bad news for OC
Anthem Blue Shield has already pulled out of other states. Soon some states will have no carriers.
and another one bites, and another one bites......jokes aside, Dems are dumb
Hey folks in NV that's what you get for Voting in Harry Reid for life.
You are the President... Fix it, don't Fox it!
Wait Obama said I could keep my healthcare..... Another broken Promise or just another Obama Lie
They are doing it because of you...not because ACA is failing but because of your words. Put the blame where it belongs.....YOU.
Oh that's nice! Thanks to your sabatoging mission! Nice try; you are doing this to Americans; YOU! All because of a tantrum! You are sick!!!
Keep reporting great news. You don't see this on the fake news network.  One day we will get this Obamacare changed  for our own good.
55 hrs a week.
1200 a month for ACA
10,000 deductible.
People worry about Trump
while working people suffer.
Its not Trump assholes its us
So, that means nothing. ACA is saturated the weak will pull out. They jumped in thinking they would make a killing! They didn't and r out!
Not surprised. Since the enacting of the ACA, my rates have continued to rise along with my deductible. Nevada Public Employee. #RepealACA
Um, yeh, when you start dismantling parts of ACA, it doesn't work. DUH! #ignoranceisbliss
Telling the truth about what is going on hurts the other side .they can blame the Democratic party for not 1 vote on replacement of obama.
Insurance companies have been pulling out of the Obamacare over 3 years now so stop blaming the president for everything. Damn morons
And Trump praises it!
THIS IS HORRENDOUS #POTUSTRUMP! AMERICANS ARE MAD!
What does anyone expect when DC refuses to hold up it's end of the bargain..
This is unlawful and it is your duty as the executive to enforce this law until your congress can pass different legislation. Good luck
Due republicans piling funding
Because the government wont pay them and they cant pay the doctors pure sabotage thats why they pulling out
OBAMACARE IS NOT WORTH WIPING A H UMAN BUTT WITH. ITS DESPICABLE& DEPLORABLE. GOP AND OTHERS MUST RALLY AROUND POTUS. HE HAS BEEN CORRECT
Fox has no credibility

We never meet our outrageous deductible what's the sense in having insurance if copays & deductibles r 2 expensive 4 us 2 go 2 the doctor!!!
My little sister Stephanie Machen died of an overdose  09/14/90-02/16/16
Mr. President, your job is to make the ACA work until and unless the law is changed.  This RT shows little respect for the law.
OBAMACARE imploding bf  Trump & Reps. now left wants 2 blame everyone but Obama & Polosi. Remember we got 2 pass it 2 know what is in it!
add this to the list of topics you know nothing about. did it ever occur to you that many people get hooked after being prescribed opioids?
The democrats are responsible for Obamacare. All 60 votes were democrat votes. You did it now we have to live with it.
They seem so happy to report the problems with the Affordable Care Act. They revel in the misfortune of people in Nevada. Sick!
Spin right at the top of the story on the propaganda network.
More to follow!! Sure!!
Repeal the whole bill and give the people on it a grace period. So many people are hurting financially
The Donald is encouraging healthcare providers to leave the ACA exchanges.trying to undercut it in the marketplace after failing in Congress
Blame health insurance companies! It's abt making  it has nothing 2do with politics! Some people have bad health habits yet refuse 2change!
The REAL Story FROM ANTHEM: "...uncertainty in federal opartions, rules, and guidance INCLUDING COST SHARING REDUCTION SUBSIDIES and the....
YAY!!!! people will die but also we told you so!!! This is exactly as classy as expected for @foxandfriends
This isn't a story at all
They're pulling out because of the uncertainty created by the administration in continuing costsharing measures. This is cause and effect.
Another one bites the dust
Yeah, cause you and or the GOP sit on the board of Anthem, and strong Armed them to pull out!
Fox so-called news is a state run so-called news media
@realDonaldTrump, so FIX it. That's your JOB.

How is obumbo care to work if there is no competition? So if rates continue to rise we are back to square one. People will use ED as doctor
#ImpeachTrumpnow
How much did trump pay them?

The right win sabotage of our healthcare system continues to bear fruit, but we know you were doing it on purpose. #YouBrokeItYouBoughtIt
You asked for it, you got it, sab-o-tage!
Another one bites the dust.
You have been sabotaging healthcare for a "win".  Pathetic and unconscionable. SAD!
Is anything left?
A MUST READ - AETNA THREATENED DOJ IN A LETTER PUSHING FOR MERGER : http://big.assets.huffingtonpost.com/AetnaDOJletter.pdf …

Not a surprise!  @ @MarkSparacio1
Why is MY, OUR President of the United States reposting a commercial braodcaster (FOX)'s broadcast?  Next will you repost an an ad for Coke?

Dam, I do not want to bail out insurance companies!
Your fault. You're killing the people that voted for you.
The government borrows money from China to help pay our bills one of which is subsidizing insur. Comp. for their loses providing Obamacare.
Thanks Donald!
More sabotage by the White House.
Way to go #Congress losers!!!
Sad that it's more important to you that you win and be right rather than carimg about millions of Americans health. Fix the exchanges
Imploding. Another Trump prediction
Gee, I can't imagine why...
blame Bush
How will Nevada's legislators get their health insurance?
Check this if you want to be part of the biggest, most controversial trend EVER!

https://youtu.be/sb1tMCm_hVo 
