Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare....
What's your plans for America and the World at large Mr.president ?
Mr President.  My son was one of 16 Marines and sailor that went down on that kc130 in Mississippi he was a MARSOC. Marine
raafat
Mr president. Please do something to help honor my son he is a true American hero. Ssgt Robert Cox my son services 7/29
B proud of Eric, he got the ball rolling. Everyone coming after u, u fire them.u r going to be removed. The cover-up is so
Consider seniors who worked hard at jobs promising affordable Healthcare w/pension. Ins cost can cause Extreme financial
distress on multitudes. We voted 4 you b/c we believe in you.Plz don't force us into poverty 4 our medical needs.It's WRONG
We tried to warn you.
#StrongAndStableMyArse #SNP not #DUP. 
Hey
@MABardino fix Flint water. Helps the kids and makes dems heads spin.
what was the soup?
I wonder how many people will die as a result of that conversation?
One sided meeting. You divide the coutnry. #notmyPresident


All to be forgotten tomorrow.
six six six
"Next item on the agenda- how do we provide health care for ALL Americans?"... *tumble weed rolls through white house
"healthcare"... that is an oxymoron in America
still have obama care no different! So good why don't politicians have to take the same as the people?
You mean your destruction of healthcare? Good for you, sir!
lemme guess well done steak with ketchup?
Why were Democratic governors excluded from press conference? First time that's happened.
shaddap #fatboy
Catered by McDonald's?
Try to act like you are informed on healthcare. Maybe just maybe you could read some info on it?
Please put Rfk on a vaccine safety committee. Our kids deserve safety.
Huma getting back with husband before going to trial and off to prison.
Help us to the state of chihuahua we do not want to migrate we want work
Mr President, I address you with all due respect.
I want to ask you to help us live in the state of Chihuahua I want our
lets come up with something every one can afford your doing a great job so far lets keep it up and don't let us down
Healthcare for all that is equally protecting or it is "Fake Healthcare"
Blah Blah Blah. Not presidential.
russian healthcare the best
yeah have fun making me and millions of others go uninsured. How do u sleep at night. Oh right u don't u watch. SNL
good God knows you need to do something, besides hold Rally's and tweet about your scandals, oh fake news
We on fixed income can not afford higher health premiums
Hey, Donald isn't Twitter great when you have ADD. 140 simple characters. Sounds like the West Wing.
can i come?
A statement not self aggrandizing might be."Govs have real black and white proof of state needs in insurance." Show facts!
Looks like some of them could not make it!
removing the Obama care! I don't think so
ate you sure that you are doing a good job removing the Obama care??
Trump sir you should attend correspondent dinner. It will be amazing.
it is amazing how everyone who is trying to change ridiculous governmental waste and stupid gov. regulations is bad.
thank you so much for being a brilliant businessman bringing logic back to the White House
Seriously, are you really that stupid?
I am trying to get a hold of the president
The only persons that like Ob care are the ones that don't work or on welfare We got your back in Utah fire all treasons
@iAmFreedomMan Rinocare isn't the answer. The is just another version of Obamascam.
Idiot
your healthcare is a joke watch you taped and see if this is anything you promised. Again a liar in Chief.
الجسم.السليم.في.العقل.السليم.وحبي.للكل.البشر.كنز.وجودي.بينكم.اليوم.كان.قبل.سنوت.شيبه.مستحيل.ومن.امام.النهر.المدفون٨٨عام
مساكم.وكل.ساعتكم.من.هي.الساعه.طيبه.بخدمات.البشر
I'm just bored. Wbu
us that phone you use on a private server?  Hmm~mmm..lock him up!!
I believe that you can get the job done. You have to ignore the detractors
Hahahahahaha, hahaha hahaha , too funny! Deluded much?
please veto GOP-Repubican. Pain.

what are you hiding!  This is just wrong on so many levels!!
#IMPEACHIMPEACHIMPEACHIMPEACH
H
I
J
O
D
E
P
U
T
A
Remember to talk about Biafra. Many Biafran's died protesting for you.
Get ride of the name Obama Care as well, it is offensive.
I hope you read this health care bill first.We want to make our own decisions to have it or not. Not up to gov. Mandate.
Our tax dollars paid for your extravagant meal!!!! Maybe, i can't be for sure, possibly, I'm not Trump so it must be fake
Vous critiquez la France. Mais Nice et la Nouvelle-Orléans... même drame! Donc regardez chez vous avant de nous rabaisser!
Apparently subjects of setncences aren't important.
FINALLY!!!
My 4 year old daughter likes to see video of President Donald Trunk and Melania with her hair down and sunglasses.
WOMEN ARE GOVERNORS, TOO. Watch how you speak with the whole world watches you.
repeal NO MEDICAID EXPANSION THIS IS this law MUST BE FULLY REPEALED ALLOW SEN PAUL, MD TO PARTICIPATE!!
you are the best. Linda Boatwright
you are the best
dear Mr. President please look into the chemical trails that are poisoning this country they're over Louisiana all week
ohhh sad
illegals get free medical care but Citizenz not!
Not true
No tax rebates on health insurance, make tax reform simple no long forms to fill out. Use health clinics to help low income
it was Obama
from the looks of your belly it must've been a really big dinner
Does anyone remember the word slander ?
God Help You! Then we will be SAVED!
Hahahahahahahaha, you are so gullible!
Great idea next time!
#pieceofshit #pigtrump #dropdead 
mr President trump .your congress speech was the best ever president speaking without looking on the page
Pls relieve us of this hc disaster . Costs r creating more ppl to not seek TX bc can't afford after premiums ! From a nurse
are you going to order another attack and get another soldier killed during dinner?
Go! Trump!
And did you invite democratic governors?
you are such a hack
must be nice to discuss how you're going to kill so many people who depend on the ACA over veal
What you should have been discussing was who was going to replace you when you get IMPEACHED!!!
Hey my best president.  Can you help my friend runs a charity for veterans called my brother Vinny   Can you donate. Please
TAX THE RICH INSTEAD OF CUTTING THE BUDGETS OF GOVERNMENT AGENCIES. BAD MOVES!
Remember, there are female governors.

stop chemtrails and detox centers a.a. padap not prison .. 
stop water foluride gmos
people will stay healthy 
like you 70

you go for it my President
dude. Stop eating. U r huge
was this a meat or fish menu or just fish? did they get to pick their own entree's or did u order for everyone...
did you eat heathy
Insurance companies do NOT provide health care. They deny claims and prevent health care.
Much to be lied about you mean
WHY was this just the GOP govs?? #TrumpTreason #RussiaGate #CrookedGOP
What did you have to eat
yeah it is so important
but it was over your head. Sad.
you do realize there are women governors??
great job mr Trump...
I heard you'll be back at Margo Lagos this weekend wasting my tax money. Stay at the WH and work
I bet everyone in that picture is impotent.
How much did that cost US tax payers. You know, people who actually pay their taxes. Oh wait, you don't know.
NO they don't...and NO their HC is over priced and under resourced because of GOP  and YOU.  USA should have single payor.
Elderly men sleep better if they don't eat big dinners.
GOP & Dems, all they do is talk, eat & drink! Yet American People see no solution! DO YOUR JOBS! U were voted in 4 a reason
stop planning death panels. Just stop it. Oh and Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
Great! Hope U bring up about High medicare cost for retirees. was not planning on this amount out of my living exspenses.
a platform 4 u and your staff to learn how healthcare would survive w/out immigrant medical providers .  #ahamoment
Melania did a great job!
Great Dinner With Press Club. Did you bring in Happy Meals for your little baby buddies? I bet you kept all the TOYS !
are you going to discuss the #FakeGas in the #DAPL you're pushing? SAD!
oh you mean the plan you don't have yet?
it's very easy see why mass murder exists.. THAT is a fact.
common vs proper noun
why were the democratic governors sent away early- too outspoken for you?
Will you discuss grabbing pussy Donny?  Because that looks like a sausage party to me.
Please don't sell the average working labor American out to these over paid money greed Insurance companies
"Governors" should not be capitalized in this context #grammarlessonsfortrump
I hope you'll be feasting on a big easy D
making everyone get the meatloaf?
It's very complicated. Did you know that?
just do it like in Australia and that will give you a  break
Would love to see alternative healthcare covered such as Stem Cell Therapy
you should try to do the health care like in Australia and the People of America will  love you for it that
- use a dictionary and utilize some new adjectives. Big is way overused!
Repeal ! Health care is not a right and should never have been allowed to look like it is one.
thanks to Obama for going against our Constitutional rights and illeally forcing that crap on us.nobody thinks about that
I am glad you are meeting so many people and getting their input.
nice to see a leader that encourages others to be patriotic
last administration encouraged protests anarchy and rebellion against law enforcement.
I now have a different outlook for my country and more respect for law enforcement and the rule of law. Much needed
Now, do you need someone to help you with the long words when it comes to healthcare? Apparently it's quite complicated.
Do the Reagan thing - go to the people to get Obama Care removed by the Republicans - they don't know WE WON
and tacos!
yes, for the governors and their wives
DO NOT TAKE AWAY MY HEALTH INSURANCE AND COVERAGE -- My son and I have pre-existing conditions!!
there are women governors...remember that for the next meeting
Some women are even as smart as men
your under attack...maybe you should attack and bring to justice those behind the scenes who are treasonous
is that why you went-for someone to tell you how to "fix" healthcare? You spout off about repealing it but then do nothing
Melania is such a good FLOTUS and you're our best-ever POTUS. Thank you, God for President Trump!
are you not paying attention.  Corrupt megalomaniac

Only the TRUE Children of Israel could sing such songs of high praise.
You are of the Tribe of Judah. Judah means: "Praise" 
Check out @myheartislord's Tweet:
God gives peace! God is comfort. And with Him it gets better. Worth every second.  


Genesis15:14 And also that nation,whom they shall serve,will I judge:and afterward shall they come out with great substance
Genesis 15:13 and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years; 1619-2019
Genesis 15:13 And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs,

How can they smile and laugh at this? Wheres your humanity 
the people taken by force into captivity descendants must be freed from their captivity and returned. Let Yahs people go!
. Big? Dont you mean, uuuuge
Thank God Almighty we have a president negotiating health care for the people
Trump is so dam smart
Democracts are selfish 
They delay people like me
Getting   adequate health coverage
Big dinner, bet you have never known what it is like to be hungry. Choose the salad. #overindulgedfatass
must be so difficult since you haven't a clue about Healthcare! You don't care about America. You care about your .
did your bad hair and terrible skin colour come up at all? Or...
