
But the giant investigation underway under Mueller's assembled team says there is.
Real facts are real facts, lady.
That sounds good, but I would rather see Rudy Giuliani, Sheriff David Clarke, or Sheriff Joe Arpaio in that position.
All terrible candidates and people. Hopefully Arpaio goes to prison. Justice was served, Thank God!
They are excellent candidates!  Those are the type of people we need
No, their message is hateful and backwards. Clarke has had multiple people die in his cells that could have easily been prevented.
Hateful, and backward?  You have no idea what you are talking about.  People die in Prisons.  That happens
Not from dehydration and abuse. He's just a hateful, angry, divisive person that pushes fear-mongering. Not somebody to be admired.
What makes him hateful?  Explain!  Also, explain the fear mongering.
He's used fear to get a following. Amping up the amount of violence in the US when it's actually near a historic low.
Matthew 5:9
Blessed are the #peacemakers, For they shall be called #sons of #God.
As a former @realDonaldTrump supporter myself I say really

"The Donald" nominated his inside man to head the FBI, so the Russian investigations can be quashed. The "swamp" is FILLING UP!
Thank you @POTUS and @FLOTUS for a most memorable visit to the @WhiteHouse.
#foxfakenews
Not FAKE NEWS. That spot belongs to CNN which just had 3 reporters that had to resign over it.  
Funny how Republicans can dish it out but not take it. Whining, "quit picking on Trump." Well it is our turn now. 
Pick on him as long as you want just know that he Keeps Winning and you just keep on losing  twist it any way you want truth Trumps lies
We're winning over and over again. When all is said and done the Dems will be the ones in jail. Ahhh...sweet justice coming.
Saving this.
Ummm....hello.....Trump loves Wikileaks....of course they aren't going to talk bad about Faux News!
 

bad june for #Dems 

• #Comey loser 
• Dems lost georgia 
• muslim ban ok 

#maga
WINNING!!! 
Bot
Someone might want to phone Trump fast and told him that Fox hacked his account!
Funny how #Trump has one news source that's not "fake," but every single other one is. Wow, that's amazingly.....convenient.

Lawmaker: Clinton left classified papers in Russia, China http://washex.am/2e6pjLR  via @dcexaminer https://twitter.com/forpotus45/status/879649354394603520 …



This Is why I love @realDonaldTrump He tells it like it is!
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump Has brought Camelot Back to the White House, & Jobs Back to America for Americans


American Pravda: CNN Producer Says Russia Narrative “bullsh*t" https://youtu.be/jdP8TiKY8dE  via @YouTube
No nomination until the FBI investigation is finished #TreasonWeasel
If I weren't so embarrassed of you, I'd be embarrassed for you, #45.
Mr. President please be very careful about your Appointments. That's all I saying check and double check them!!!
Oh good, another Russian agent to lead a major US institution.
That's fantastic; Getting R !!!

Love this pick!
@realDonaldTrump /great choice, I like chief David Clarke also
Fox News = Fake News
Good job mr president. Keep up the good fight ( Big Mike Truck Driver )
Starting not to trust the Bush ppl
I’m sure he’s trustworthy but you never know with lawyers - the only profession in the world that can take both sides and smile.
Let's see those taxes, comrade who obstructed justice and sold us out to Russia. This man can't save you.
His former attorney? Nice.
Get him in there yesterday if u know what I mean 
All of your nominees will be replaced once you are jailed. It is the only way to put things back to normal after the Trump traitor debacle.
You can promote Faux News all you want, their numbers are down the drain.
At least they don't report fake news
How do you think the nickname Faux News came about? They support sexual harassment!
Another crooked nominee
Yeah, because *that* the the goal of a well-run government. <eye Roll>
On point Betsy. The idea is to appoint an impartial FBI head, not one that promises loyalty to a regime. #unpresidented
Betsy...too many folks want to live in the past and dream up false conspiracies to see and do what is best for USA. (Eye rolling with you!!)
Is that the AG that can't even do his job because he is waist deep in this #RussiaGate The one that can't even remember meetings he has had?
I'm sure you do...! Have you asked him to pledge loyalty?
What do you have on him where he is willing to give up his integrity?
I hope he says no to the job!!!!
Because you are toxic!!! Any sane person would say no!!!!
There's allegiance to one's party... there's allegiance to one's personal beliefs.... and then there's allegiance to truth and justice.
Now you have to decide Mr Wray! What's it to be??????
Oh, goody. Another Russian puppet.
Project Veritas run by James O'Keefe? Please tell me you're not dumb enough to fall for that
do you have another suggestion for confessions caught on camera and tape?
oh yeah I forgot, "anonymous sources say " 
Look, if you want to trust idiot fraud O'Keefe there is nothing anyone can do for you.
GIVE A DAMN PRESS CONFERENCE!!! Stop hiding behind your phone. One way communication is not what presidents do! Face the questions!!!
Face the questions? Just like obama did right? When O took questions they were hand picked by fawning MSM. Talk about hiding.
North Korea is on the brink, you threatened war w Syria & millions of Americans healthcare at risk.

THIS is whats on your mind?
And yet you still can sit on Twitter and whine all day
Seems to work for 45.
He needs to hurry up and get in there to straighten up the corruption that's going on and fire some people
Start with the corrupt Oval Office.
What corruption all the proof is on the Obama Administration side. What he did to politicize our agencies. CIA FBI NSA
They are predisposed to be ON YOUR SIDE.
Mainly talking about the guy in charge right now can't remember his name. Don't trust him
Corrupt 45?
At the FBI Lucy
The deputy? What's wrong with him? Has honorably served our country for years.
He needs to fire McCabe as soon as he gets in there! Circa has scathing report on him re: Flynn. He's also behind sketchy dossier!
Continue to take down child pedo Cabal, child sex rituals,hunting,sacrifices.Elites and Royals involved! Dyncorp-CIA
@realDonaldTrump So, what's Fox & Fools saying about your rotten health care bill. Millions are going to suffer.
Luckily this is not a person who has contributed his own money to the republican party is it?
Pray he starts investigating Lynch,Clinton & more
@POTUS @jk_rowling @RoguePOTUStaff @Rosie @GeorgeTakei  @Alyssa_Milano @POTUS44 @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @DebraMessing @RBReich
I don't know anything about this guy but I already like him more than Comey.
Wow he's a really good friend of yours--no doubt a puppet

Fox News is just a front for Trump State Media. Just like RTV. Your show is #1 State Media outlet. You must be so proud.
Find your patsy Donny?Did he pledge loyality to you? Putin likes it when people pledge loyalty to him. #AntiAmerican #TrumpPutin #Plutocracy
Can we please speed this up?  @LouDobbs @seanhannity  HOW BOUT SOME CABLE CHANNEL SCREAMING TO HURRY UP? @mitchellvii @DonaldJTrumpJr
@realDonaldTrump HAHA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA 
Fox News = Toilet
You're kidding! He's part of the Russian connection investigation
Nothing like adding another match to the fire, huh Trump
May he not be approved.
No nominations until Trump clears the Russian scandal if he can probably not. Most likely obstruction of justice impeachment
Your going to have to get a big broom because the dirty fbi agents starts at the top with assist dir McCabe clean house
Great! Now let's try him out on the former administration scandals.
Time to get all of the Obama acolytes out of the government!

A one-party solution gave us Obamacare. Let’s not make the same mistake twice. We have to work together! 
They need to get on with President Trumps Cabinet picks! The FBI is important to get in there!!
Interesting.  Wasn't he on Trumps legal team at one time or manage his "trust funds from his daddy?"   This is getting ridiculous.
which company is paying it? Coke or Monsanto ^^ Follow the money, follow the money ^^
That's good
Cnn sucks
@realDonaldTrump
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump officially nominates former Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray to head the F...
It seems the predisent is Fox's only friend, at least over the last hour. 
If he keeps tweet he'll lose them
Not at all.  Only the Leaning Libs And Dumb Dems
FOX FAKE NEWS.
I Thank God everyday 4 President Trump Let's see how long the Dopey Dems drag their feet on this Nominee! They make next election so easy
@realDonaldTrump Wait! Sekulow might need him:
I hope he proves a worthy choice
Oh, the guy who won lawyer of the year IN RUSSIA because his firm does work for state run Russian oil? 
Cool
A typically idiotic choice from this inexperienced, incompetent "president".
You suck at this, Trump!
Resign!
Awesome!
You don't know what the word honesty means.
LET'S MAKE SOME ARRESTS
Who cares? Has to be a loser to get nominated by a Fake President like Lying Little Donnie.
https://www.usnews.com/news/national-news/articles/2017-06-27/trump-fbi-pick-chrisopher-wray-no-stranger-to-crisis …
Mr. Wray,
Help MAGA! ThroughInvestigations of the Clinton's and their connections w/ murder, rape, fraud, theft & federal crimes.
He's Pretty Handsome! not bad at all; like the mother in #SweetHomeAlabama movie:
"He's got my vote" 
LOL
How is Wray tied to Russia? How corrupt is He?Trump only names the most corrupt incompetent people.Why does Wray want to ruin his careeer?
Wow. Gov Christie's Bridgegate lawyer, whose firm was connected with the Trump–Russia dossier controversy. What could go wrong? #TrumpRussia
How pathetic does your life have to be to create an anti Trump profile?
I think Trump waited a sufficient amount before nominating Wray.  Everyone will forget deleting Russia ties from his bio by now, right? smh
Most prosecutors get position for their corruption & cover ups. The @FBI director should at least graduated from #FBI Academy, & experienced
#FoxsavesTrump #
GOD does he look like Mafia or what, wonder what they will dig up on him???
Will He be Trump's Yes Man?? Kind of Like Hannity
fire mccabe this minute
Trump nominating someone to lead the FBI feels a little like a conflict of interest.
Image of U.S. plunged under @potus http://reut.rs/2scteCK    BTW #trumprussia #treason is not our secret embaressing!
Poor guy. Hes in for it
TRUMP is a COMMUNIST PUTIN BUDDY pee pee friek. Look at how he treats our First Amendment, Press Corps and system of Checks & Balances loser
Yeah. 2 weeks after announcing it on twitter. Really on-the-ball, aren't we?
Did Christopher pledge loyalty Finally @realDonaldTrump ?
Hurray! You finally found someone stupid enough to agree to work for you? So much winning. MAGA "making attorneys get attorneys".
and he's a good friend lol
Mr Trump Pretty Obvious Fox &friends is your propaganda wing.  We are not fooled.
wray is a good choice for fbi director i pray he is honest and not on the take for money as comey was, hillary owned comey
How long until he rescinds the nomination, too? 
Another one with ties to Russia, some people never learn
Constant RTs of misinformation by a confused old person is sad & scary... but when that elderly simpleton is POTUS it's fucking terrifying
Delusional Donnie appointments better have thorough vetting & confirmation hearings--this 1 should be fun!
Hold until they deliver evidence!
Another loser nominated by a Traitor that has ties to Russia of course.
We’ve entered a realm of reality in which we can not trust a single word that the sitting U.S. President says or tweets.  #TheResistance
I guess the Trump has bought him!
Another unqualified yes man. #IMPEACH #IMPRISON
Looking forward to the day the new FBI director slaps the cuffs on your teeny tiny little hands. PRICELESS! #DopeyDonald #NotMyPresident
FBI director. This guy looks like a manager at Arbys?
I guess not everyone is willing to sell themselves for a free night stay @ Trump hotel
Can't get everything to come up, yes, another Trump pick with a troubling Russian history. Be careful on this pick. Due diligence necessario
Yea, but the congress won't have hearings to get him installed into the post. They're going on vacation

Isn't this the dude who spewed racist comments against President Obama?
This guy will be hard to get rid of but the spys recommended him. The Bush left overs are bad from WW2
Wishing him all the best. May he restore order.
You promised to not touch Medicaid, Medicare and guaranteed people with preexisting conditions wouldn't be penalized. YOU ARE A LIAR!!!!!!!!
FAUX NEWS!
@realDonaldTrump how many times has he met with the Russians? Did he also get a huge loan?
Well, if he does his job, won't be long before he's on the money trail of this corrupt administration.  Oh...how long will that take?
Is this hire for part time FBI Chief...considering how many issues and time he may have to recuse himself from existing and future cases?
You are sponsoring one network.  Fox has become State Run Television.
congratulations!
finally got that pledge of loyalty
Dems will do whatever they can do to obstruct his confirmation! 
Is FAKE FOX NEWS now the president of the usa??
i'd suck him.
Hallelujah! How long until he starts?
FOX LIES
I WANT  Coney.Thats not funny but ok I will say Lol.
.@SpeakerRyan never been more ashamed & disappointed in a House Speaker as We R W/You Sir! We the PPL hoped you'd make a positive change Ha
I hope he's ready to go after the #DeepState!
@FoxNews is at least a step up from National Enquirer, Breitbart, & Alex Jones to get your 'news' from. Still embarrassed for you though.
Great job. Spectacular. Hire a racist. *slow clap*
How much did Christopher Wray's law firm make representing Russian oil & gas companies?
Now Clean It Up!!
Can you nominate me for a position?
he's the guy who'll read Trump his Miranda Rights as he takes him away in shackles
He's got a tough job ahead. Let's pray he's tough, smart and up to task. He has to be much, much better than what we've been stuck with!
Who's his lawyer?
I understand that these sanctions are not for the government. These sanctions are for the people.
The sanctions were imposed on the Sudanese government and the freezing of the regime's money and not the people as it claims
