welcome to morocco
Fox News is the fake news
Praying that there will still be a United States of America when this grifter finishes with it. I fear the end of our country is inevitable
Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."...
#Good Morning My President
would that be bigly huge  hugely huge or just regular huge
That's right, We the People are tired of the liberals crap!!! Make America Great Again!!!!
Wrong wall design can’t stop anyone double wall with 20’ cavity will.   Schiano fence. Worked for your father
War's just begun, little man. Don't start celebrating too soon. Remember where your little head is.
The Democrats don't understand. They are losing because they don't have moral values anymore that represent We the People!
Your base is dwindling with every word out of your mouth. Keep talking.
Your boy is losing! BWAHAHAHAHA
#COVFEFE
Fox News is so biasedly spun. Get a grip on reality, old fat man
The best president the #usa had had so far my #President #DonaldTrump
I would not put this one in the huuuge column.
THANK YOU @FOXNEWS "HUGE WIN FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP AND GOP IN GEORGIA CONGRESSIONAL SPECIAL ELECTION."
Yes, you have the exact same number of seats as you did before. Big win 
She barely won district that Price won by 24. Wait until 2018, loser!!!
Where are your tax returns? You are treating the citizens of USA just like all the contractors you've stiffed over the years.
you mean Faux News, since your are obviously not representing the majority of the U.S.
Keep up the Great work Mr President, your people love you
You're so vain. - Carly Simon
Youre thanking fox news????
Proof the left is losing the cultural narrative: 26 million dollars largely from Hollywood and #Ossof still lost! #ga06
tinsel town must be stunned
Thank you Georgians! Left wing hate defeated AGAIN! This is a REFERENDUM on The Fascist LEFTIST HATE!!!
Sucks!
Hum Babe!

Over 25 mill and he still lost??? Watch out for that Trump Train!! #MAGA
Lets make America Greater.
FAKE NEWS!
No.. Mr Campbell. This is real. Very real
Your avatar is a cat. Nothing you say will ever matter.
Psalm 119:2
Blessed are those who keep His #testimonies, Who seek Him with the whole #heart!
AMEN
A huge loss for decency, human rights & democracy.
LOSER...by normal American standards. America will welcome your indictment

I'm shocked there's still fools who support the secretive, backwards thinking,caveman -like republicans. Sad! Ignorance!
Liars and crooks Fox news liars
Check it out, just figured how to spot bots. Makes sense from when I first signed up and randos followed me. Look at # the are following...
She had 100lbs on him...not a fair fight
3 pts. Not exactly huge. Just sayin'


FOX all I watch
#TrumpFailure #trumpUnfit #thumpConArtist #TrumpImpeach #impeachment
Yeah, I agree. The Republic are failures too because We're Gonna break and weaken the party into pieces.
She won by one point in a district you won by 18.

But yeah, whatever FOX says.
How is it that YOU won? YOU weren't running. The truth is that she almost lost BECAUSE of YOU in a normally solid Republican district.
We know though -- EVERYTHING is about YOU. In your tweet there was no mention of Handel. You just said big win for you.
He had nothing to do with it !!!!

When you became US President, you became public servant of all Americans--not just those in GOP. Bit tasteless to continue to divide country
Are you serious? We've been divided way before Trump. Where have you been? #trumpwins
President Trump is by so far the best President we had in over 60 years!

WE ARE GOING TO WIN WIN WIN. YOU WILL BE TIRED OF WINNING
Everyone called it a "referendum on Trump" until Ossoff didn't win. Now it's a "moral victory." They get tons of those. No actual wins.
80 million and they still loose and now try to down play. Oh! They lost in SC too!
So much winning!!! Thank you Mr President

GOP wins (4 for 4):
 Kansas 4
 #GA06
 South Carolina 5
 Montana (statewide)

Democrat wins:


"Huge" win in a district that shouldn't have been any effort for a republican to win?
The tides are shifting and if we're giving hard red districts a run for their money, then I can't wait til 2018.
I'd say I also can't wait for your tantrums but you'll be impeached and/or defected to Russia by then. 
Ossoff campaign spent $30 million that's one expensive participation trophy
At least it went to campaigning. Ask Trump and Pence where their campaign funds go.
Instead of just basing campaigns on anti trump the Dems like yourself should be focusing on policies and issues !
No, you didn't win anything. You nearly cost the GOP a district they've held for 4 decades. Shouldn't have even been close, Mr. 36% Approval
dude, Osoff spent more money than any congressional candidate in the history of this country in a district in which Trump isn’t popular
Nearly 70% of the money spent by outside groups supported Handel, according to expenditure data provided by the FEC.
and Ossoff had $23 million in his coffers since January, spending $22.3mil on TV & other to Handel’s $3.5mil -
Those numbers don't include the ridiculous amount Handel got from the Ryan SuperPAC.
The Demoncraps are being Plowed over by The Trump Train! 
The Demoncraps! I was calling them The DemoRats with their witchhunt
They seem like demons and always spewing crap sooo...
It's a completely fair comparison...plenty of demons still out there!!
I agree with your statement. It's Good vs Evil right now!
It's always been...let's take good wherever it springs up!
Libtards? Give your mommy her phone back already.
Handel won in a district that has voted Rep for last 40 yrs. A win for Ossoff would’ve been an upset.
But in the defeat lies clear lessons for Dems - and hope that they can make inroads into Rep territory.
Dems would be demoralized but they're going to be back stronger. That's assuming the party has a clear strategy going forward.
It is funny just how much the democrats are out of touch and hiding their heads! GOP is gaining. Bigger margin than Trump had. Fools


A great example of a depleated thought process right here
Thank you, Mr. President!
Yes thank him! Jobs not to Mexico but "China!" instead. Woohoo! Winning! 
Thank GOD @realDonaldTrump is our @POTUS!! #PresidentTrump is awesome! @VP @PressSec @seanspicer @GOP @KellyannePolls @Reince #MAGA #Trump
God is protection and guidance for you and Pence.
Stop with your campaigning it's over!
FAKE NEWS!!
Not so huge...
To any Republicans gloating about Handel's win in Georgia, the district moved 18 POINTS toward Democrats in 7 MONTHS

A blue wave is coming.
America wants our elected officials to stop trying to sabatage Trump and do their jobs
The people have once again spoken.The Dems. don't get it & never will. Congress should capitalize on a failed Democratic party.
Huge win for no one.
YOU always have to interject your name into whatever is going on. Have you ever Googled 'narcissist' for the definition?
Truth, he had, has and will have wins against @HillaryClinton and her candidates #FeelTheBern
Mr. Habooty for hire, will draw bootys for food. Will not be hired by politically motivated people, American hate is his hopy. Killer stuf?
All PC candidates are out of business
Still Democrats did extraordinarily well in traditional Red districts precisely because of you.
That should  have been a easy win, I really think this predicts harder races  ahead which I strongly believe will turn out bad.
Fox propaganda you mean.
Big big win!!!
Resign
Wait a minute. Dude. @FoxNews is REAL? I guess I've had it backwards all these years.
Yes, Trump's secret weapon is the NanChuck.  Trump is 5-0 with NanChuck at his side.  Will Dems wise up in time for 2018?
Yuge? 4 point difference!! Watch out 45!!!
Are you thanking Fox News for a headline? Approximately how many hours of Fox do you watch?
You are and always have a loser...since the USFL
Fox News is the only NetWork that really is Fair to the President.
It would serve you well to get out of your narcissistic bubble. 72 million voted against you but you won't hear that on fox news.
How's that investigation going? When is your next press conf? How about those approval ratings? When is your British visit? Need I go on?
Thank you!!
US prez congratulating media-no infotainment-outlet for praise? Your ego can't be that big and your dick can't be that small-or are they?
HalleluJah!
Idot
Idiot
Fox news and#%>(*%#÷&  are a Joke
Dum dum
It's not the money but the message
Your main purpose in life is basking in adulation, that's clear.  + another MAGA rally today?  Please curtail your addiction-start working!
#FakeNews #yousuck
#RESIST #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #TrumpPutin 
#TrumpLiar
#TrumpTraitor
#GOPTraitors
#sHaLloWstAtE
So, was Russia in Georgias election process?
#DonaldTrumpIsAnImbecile #TheResistance #Resist
You keep talking about "Fake News" and repeatedly fall off the mark. Hint: Fox News = Fake News
WINNING FOR OUR GREAT PRESIDENT AND OUR AMERICA 
So proud that Georgia did not let Hollywood tell them what to do!
I had no idea president chump was running for a Georgia seat. A couple percentage point win in a decades long red seat is not a huge win.
Totally unfortunate #resist
Sorry, I'll make it clearer.
Did you switch to CNN to yell at your tv after Fox brown nosed you some more?
I guess the snowflakes had it wrong we won again!   Keep going Patriots.   We can keep our country
Fox News = State run media

Not a huge win by any means but then again, math hasn't always been your strong suit.
We need a leader, not a creepy tweeter  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
FOX is great torch bearer 4 fair & balanced news & sexual harassment & white privilege & sanitized criticism of you & GOP & male dominance
Thank you President Trump. Thank you for a stellar cabinet. God bless you all and God bless America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
Wait, @FoxNews made a big deal about you? Snore. #FakeNews #biased #meaningless #seeyourpollnumbers
Fake news
Depends on your definition of huge.
It's a republican state ! Ps candidate did not win by a wide margin ! Last time it was 20%. Guess your unprofessionalism is shining through!
Your the reason she won? Hahahaha  she never talked about you.
Thank You POTUS for standing up for vets, allowing military leaders to make decisions, a strong economy, and getting us safe and great.
Not as huge as you overinflated. Margins so close the republicans are held back by your impotence, ignorance, deceit, and criminality.Fraud!
This just in: state that still segregates bathrooms has voted red. More to come.
Georgia is one federal state in the US, right? Sorry, cause I'm just a teenagedirtbag. But hey! Teach me?
The Georgia election was not 'your' win, dear.
Not as yuuuge or bigly as Putin's win when he got 45 in.
I think this is how many self respecting Republicans feel about you. I can't wait for your all expense paid vacation, in jail.
President of the United States of America!
Great win for the President and Georgia, and Americans
YOU BET HUGE WIN AS SURE AS THE BEST OF THE BEST PECANS AND SWEET PEACHES COME FROM GEORGIA .  WE ARE CLEANING THE SWAMP
 #FakeFoxNews

 #FakePresident
Crow, crow , crow!!  Trump, your day is coming!
Please stop tweeting.
Go Trump.... NO we are not tired of winning yet
How was it a win for you?  She pushed you as far away as she could because she knew you would drag her down
What did you do?  They tried to keep you far, far away!
Didn't Spicer say it really didn't matter who won?  Oh yeah, that was before the election was over.....
Very close win in a deeply Republican district. 2018 is coming. Don't look back. They might be gaining on you and that will not be so great.
Wow, you & Russians have super powers to hinder Liberal turnout & cause bad weather.
I suppose your fish was huge too.  It was close and again a Ruby red state.  I dont live in Ga anymore but I campaigned for @ossoff
Donald i like your eye make up..really.You look like and old drag queen..really,ask around!

I'm sorry, can you pat yourself on the back any louder? Some in the back couldn't quite hear you. #wewantedthis?
You're going down! Look who Mueller hired!
None of the GOP republicans In special elections used your name to get elected !They actually were distancing themselves from your policies
America wants Christian values again. American wants field day at school with winners and losers. America does not want Muslim values here!
yes! Thank you Fox!
#FakeNews for a #FakePresident
The fact that this bloated orange head fellates the bobble heads on FOXNews pretty much sums it up. Losers.
Propagandists pander to progressive elites-socialist agenda fails to lure votes to a failing party despite heaps of fundraising= 1 more "L"
Huge? To narrowly win?
Even with their awful recent history of sexual harassment & bigotry, @FoxNews is officially state sanctioned media.
IT Wasn't HUGE
NOTHING HUGE WHERE UR CONCERNED LOLOLOLOLOL and it wasn't a win for you!!
Plz! Stop supporting terrorists in Afghanistan & don't interfere with other countries nations..., this is not a democracy...
You do know that Fox News isn't real news right? They are categorized as entertainment for the right wing
It isn't big news when a Republican wins an election in a red district in a red state, Braino!
Fox news now that's fake news!!!!
more accurate, "Squeaker of a win despite headwinds associated with Trump and Russia and Healthcare bill - in red Georgia! And SC!"
You really love to self-agrandize, don't you, you pitiful excuse for a leader.
The only news who talks you up are Faux News. Bought & paid for to be ur BFF. U have NO one supporting you who isnt paid 2 do it. Loser
How nice for you! You can share these fond memories with your cell mates.
Great Job Georgia and SC! You didn't let them buy you...killary also tried to buy the election against President Trump & failed HALLELUJAH
#stateownedmedia
Damn right.  America has had enough of Democrats ruining this country.
Thanks @fakenews
Bill shit
