Sir... WE are behind you ... WE will defend you... WE like you WANT AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!
Really just because someone likes something hardly means he will accomplish it. One does need a plan other day gan hiw great am I
What ????
"White supremacist extremism poses persistent threat of lethal violence. 2008-2016 far-right plots & attacks outnumbered Islamist incidents"
It is so unfortunate the proud men of the military have to tolerate you!
You are the ONLY military person I have heard that from. :(
Look at this great video Donald made @PGUK78 Shows so much diversity
Oh wow @realDonaldTrump I'm guessing you made this by the splice app? Great to see so many woman and diff races in this trendy vid.
So trendy. Wish I could make these. Guess I'd need to pay a super expensive tech company though #modern
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military!… https...
Your friends @moonriver365 @news_NA SAMSUNG HYUNDAI-KIA do political pressure to me. i can't aid you. Ask to your SKorea friends.
John McCain put you in your place.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  You suck.
How does it feel to be a swindler.  I am sure this is just the begining
How much is this long ass vacation costing us anyway?  #fakepresident #fakechristian  #25thAmendmentnow
Dont let a extreme radical Minority destroy this great nation..MAGA
You were elected by we the people due to the very political hypocrisy that continues, stay your course, many people see through the false

Nobody likes you.
#maga Mr President #hanginthere #draintheswamp #buildthewall #deplorables #trumptrain #hatersgonnahate

So what big decisions were made on National Security? When are you going to start on the wall? Kicking more people out of the military?
Someone has to make toilet
You should be shining Obamas shoes.
I'd be willing to bet a paycheck, most of those honorable military personnel are throwing up a little in their mouths #fakepresident
THIS IS WHERE TRUMP IS PRESIDENT. SORRY LEFTISTS
Stay away
Did they tell to stop tweeting like a fat little 12 year old girl?
Weak! Using the meeting as an excuse from personally having to fire Bannon.

Put on your big boy pants for a change.
Im out if ur agenda changes. Unbelievable that McMaster is there and Bannon out. Good to know u listen to CNN. What happened to u??
U increase troops in Afganestan- that IS NOT THE AGENDA I VOTED FOR. SAD- u let elites jared, Ivanka, powell mcmastet cohn reign. Im disappt
Steve banon said "your presidency is over."  That's good news. When are you moving out?
#DoSomethingGOP 
#ImpeachTrump 
#DoSomethingGOP 
#ImpeachTrump 
#DoSomethingGOP 
#ImpeachTrump 
#DoSomethingGOP 
#ImpeachTrump
Do you EVER work for the country? Or is that just your side job to advertise your "brand"? #Conman
@LouDobbs@TuckerCarlson Agree with Tucker: for Tillerson to speak about diversity at State publicly is malpractice by a Secretary of State.
Donald Trump for life let's go! Make America great again.
Resign.
BUILD THE WALL MR. TRUMP !!! MANY ARE WAITING FOR YOU TO START THE WALL !! GO TRUMP !!!!!
What another vacation on the public dole?  How much is that now $59 million....bs dude
Was it a working session for your racist/bigoted/anti-semitic/anti-LGBT agenda? If so, I think you continue to fail miserably #racist
Get lost, loser. You're a FAILURE. Take henny pency with you. Resign now. Remember Heather Heyer.
We see you
Good try pumpkin
God be with you,. Mr. President.  You are making America great!!!!!!!
Screw Washington. They've tried to destroy you from beginning. All you is US!! KEEP FIGHTING
#MAGA
MAGA has become a dog whistle for bigotry and racism.
I think it always was a dog whistle, its purpose. Now Trump is shouting it loud & proud & Republicans are, again, falling into goose step.
Dog whistles are only heard by you nuts. Remember Robert KKK Bird? George Wallace? Al Gore sr.? KKK was military arm of democatic party.
Admit it, own it.
.@realdonaldtrump
We love you Trump! Best President Ever!
Don't let the weak knee Rinos and hate filled Dems destroy the Making America Great Plan.
Talk to the people Mr President. 
#MAGA
Now Bet yur order to remove transgenders from military never happens cause your McMasters, Kelly , Obama Joint Chiefs tell yu No..
How much of it did you actually comprehend???  0???
Get off mommy's leg
It would be great if and only if you cancelled plans for the dumb wall.
The wall will cost tax payers millions only to be torn down when we get a Sane president
Your dumb moves are just going to result in more resignations.



Stop pretending you're working. Own up to the fact that you just want to golf.
Here you come!
Boo Boo is too kind.  More like an annoying oozing scab that never heals. 
You are to unstable to know what is going on
It's " TOO UNSTABLE",  Shelly !
Great. We are  with you.
Why the fuck are you in New Jersey? Shouldn't you be in D.C.? In the Oval Office maybe like, working??
Hilarious! The diversity is overwhelming. Speaking of the Military, how are your bone spurs? And did Bannon join in by Skype? #Resign, loser
All alone nice family you got there bud.

How much did all those flights cost?
I am so happy you are our president.
#Karma is a...
What a great president!
I wish our borders were strong enough to keep you out.
Damn why couldn't u just fall down the stairs
Except- do not let in the Nazis. Or White Supremacists. They r not good. They r very bad. Build your wall against hatred & racism & evil.
Was everything in tweet sized? By the way how many games of golf did you play? We need to keep count #Bernie2020
I think we and Mexico should make the most amazing historical, scientific,wall ever. With ligtlhts, music, culture, earth friendly.
You suck

We stand with you
Go!!! Repeal Obama care!!
Mr President - u have the best NS team in US history. Keep that 4  Marine as your Chief of Staff., And that US Army 3  in the West wing.
That's awesome and warms my heart to witness the restoration of protocol in the White House. Thanking God everyday. Make America Great Again
You didn't know what the hell they were talking about IF this is even true
How about the Wall  ?
Your failed campaign rhetoric is a joke.
If I have time I'll check in w/ u before u leave. Pls remember. Hate has no home here in Bedminster. We  our town. Republican & Democrat.
Wow, hummmmmm?????
MY VOTE & RIGHTS DELEGITIMIZED  http://TRUMPMM.COM   LEGAL LEGALIZE IT ONCE &FOR ALL US & STOP MED #MARIJUANA FRAUD & DISCRIMINATION
Really you the worst president in the world
You say "just returned" and the photo says "departing". You do not know if you are coming or going! You need a medical evaluation!
Time to dump Trump
Oh! We're so excited! NOT!
@jamesmorandojr please try to get around the golf in between work you deserve it relax
Thank you sir for making our military strong again
In 6 months, two Navy collisions, what 20 dedicated sailors lives lost? No word from @realDonaldTrump. Change your channel, get #Facts
Actually there's been 4 naval collisions in 11 months 6 marine helicopter crashes and 2 or 3 army planes  no budget  Obama  8 years
THE LIBERAL'S ARE DIRECTLY AT FAULT FOR DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY CREATING DIVISION & DESTROYING OUR ART & HISTORY DISHONORABLE LEARN FROM IT
They are waiting for you at Bellevue!
Is there a golf course at Camp David..???
Just asking

#ImpeachTrump #impeach #ImpeachTrumpNow #DoSomethingGOP #Breitbart #TrumpCrimeFamily
no I think Osama Obama took it with him
GET ALL SHARIA/ ISLAM/ BOKO HARAM/ ISIS/ ETC. OUT NOW!>. WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN ON WITH U??... STOP THEM NOW!.. NOT 2 BE IN OUR GOVT!.. OUT!.
Trust in God
Who was the meeting with?  The Russians?
I will always support you! D.J. Trump!
We do not allow hatred here in Bedminster. Hate has no home here.  So please, when u leave tomorrow, take ur hate w/ u. Don't bring it back.
What do you know of a great America'
#WeThePeople  #WeAreWatching #TeamDiehl http://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/press-releases/judicial-watch-announces-list-of-washingtons-ten-most-wanted-corrupt-politicians-for-2012/ … @SenatorDurbin DNC,want to hear from you http://www.dailywire.com/news/19090/calls-intensify-capitol-hill-special-counsel-joseph-curl … DURBIN!
Please higher the voting age to 25 unless you're in the military!

Where's a plane crash when you need one.
Nice to back on the course I'll bet!
Old white men making America great again???
Shut up!
Nuke that nk troll, jung un
Gotta spend our money to protect your golf course. You’re the swamp and we pay for it. Camp David has been the getaways for #potis #leach

Antifa Added to Terrorist List & Missouri Senator Will Be Removed in September  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGiLxDFYSmprZFJKbmRNRUx8MXlwS2RsQXFScGRLV-v4HHIkTWzi2EfDjy3KE0H58Z4dq6IOzIAW6ClrlSaR …
Golfing again??? Can you even do that well?? And America pays for this.....
Can you find another state besides NJ to go to? We voted against you for a reason. Not big fans.

Here comes the golf here comes the golf here comes Mueller here comes Mueller buh bye goes Trump big bye goes Trump!!
Build the wall. Also stop the health care subsidies congress receives, they're not government employees they're elected officials
you are Making America GAG AGAIN!
Time to play golf you twit!!!
Stay Woke Folks: RUSSIA/HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE/RUSSIA HEALTHCARE/RUSSIA RUSSIA/HEALTHCARE RUSSIA/HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE/RUSSIA Stay Woke Folks
From 1 vacation to another on tax payer money 
All 40+ trumps
I'm so content and relieved that our POTUS wants to protect the American citizens from terrorism and other dangers by securing R borders
Thank-you Sir!
We are all created equal, ( except for canada lal) we all travel down da same road, we notice differences, some see a rabbit n chase it...
Some see trees and build a barn, some see stones then build a castle, dis solar equlips works on physics; removes weapons from our view.
You should invite me to attend your meetings.
Why didn't u have a heart attack
Thank you for all you do Mr. President! Stand strong!  Continuing to pray for you!
And the elevator music just makes them hysterical!! #Trumpsisanazi
#25thAmendmentNow NAZI!
It's amazing how much time you have for golf when you claimed you'd never have time for golf before you were elected. Just another lie.
Results of Afghanistan war $ trillions added to national debt and refugees as Afghans fled to USA and EU As we do their fighting for them
(Continue)and their news that I get it and replace secretly watches my past data a lot. (next)
Let this good man do his job.  He's the only one really working for ALL of the people lefts and rights.
please stop allowing migrants to cross america into canada ,, stop the globalist agenda for all North America
Mr President,  I have a fantastic idea on how to go with healthcare and it would eliminate a lot of wasteful spending and deal with problems
Love wins over hate
Always funny to see Trump saluting the military. That is as close to serving as the coward has ever been. YELLOW BELLY
Why don't you tell the US taxpayer it's costing them 70 billion per year JUST to run our 800+ foreign military bases?
We need them. Democrats have been not allocating enough funds for our military for years.
U.S. (pre-trump) outspends all the largest militaries in the world COMBINED andwith 800+ military bases globally, How's that underfunded?
#you are the strongest and courage to exterminate terrorism... Strength and power.. Help
Looks like you were in for a learning session. You should think about going to Camp David more often.
Just arrived in Union Hall after a day touring beautiful west Cork #lovecork
Posting videos ACTING presidential won't make you REAL @potus. YOU lack DIGNITY&MORAL VALUES and your WORDS and TWEETS prove you a LOSER.
Would have been cheaper to catch the train ...
Good. Resign! Go out on a high note.
Go get um trump
Again, please leave New Jersey.  We do not want you here.  Take Krispy Kreme Christy with you as well
I am having difficulty believing you understood anything.
No one believes u.
You know who is not golfing this weekend? Robert Mueller. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
Now kill all the Islamic Jihadis, scout them, WATCH them 24/7, deny them visas to the US. We want our country free of these Sharia PIGS.
So did u decide 2 fire our soldiers and hire #Blackwater #mercernaries 2 fight the #Afghanistan #WAR
Great news about your meeting. Don't ever cave into the alt left crap.  keep making America Great. congress & Senate need a swift kick.
Worry less about your expensive spite fence and more about the white supremacist domestic terrorists. They worship you. Not good people.
He loves them! They feed his ego that shrinks back down whenever he sees himself in a mirror with no pants.

We have a problem .."The Congress and states shall the power to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States" order ..
Our flag is being trampled daily ...it needs TO STOP NOW..


My gosh - what a diverse bunch!!

Somebody need a hug? Do you need approval for EVERYTHING you do? Pathetic.
@jamesmorandojr enjoy the weekend with the president you deserve it try to get in around of golf between work
and then what happened.
#MaraLago
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpTrain
#MAGA
#TrumpPresidency
#TrumpLies
#ImpeachTrump 
#ParasiteTrump
#TrumpTrash
#USNews
#GoThere
#Newsroom
@twitwitradio #opunacceptabletrauma

Mamaleh's done all she can. #DumpTrumpMonday! #DeleteTrumpTwitter! #NoMoreHate! Stop giving him attention and watch him whine. #RETWEEET! 
Thank You, Mr. Trump ! Make you the World of a World free of Religions,hate and other Cancer !!!! For a world of humanity,Simply!!!!
WE DONT FUKN CARE! Stop tweeting and read a book! Start with the Constitution, since you seem to have NO IDEA what I says! #FakePOTUS
Yes agree Gorka should GO!
How did the meeting with Erik Prince work out for ya? Is the afg war going to be another business deal? McMaster did his magic I hear. LOL
U did the right thing by cancelling ur appearance @ the Kennedy Center Honors. America needs to heal. U could resign & Pence would do okay.
