Meanwhile: 2,785 shootings in Chicago in 2017 year, 650 deaths. No national media outrage. Why is that?
More blacks have been killed in Chicago this year than by Nazi's and Klan in the past 20 combined. But you know, white supremacy =#1 problem

#BREAKING: NYPD Police
Officer just shot Bronx NY

#NYPD #Bronx #NewYork 

 A great example of a
#BLM "peaceful protest"

#BlackLivesMatter…

 Terrorist arrested in
Oklahoma City after his
plot to detonate a huge
van bomb was exposed.
…

#ReTweet if you Stand
With Donald Trump 

We Stand With You 

…

#ReTweet if you Stand
With Sean Hannity 

We Stand With You

…

#ReTweet if you Stand
With Eric Bolling  

We Stand With You

…
Great guy! I really miss him. He's very logical and balanced in his reporting. Hope to get him back ASAP.
It's because it's now considered normal. It's only guns and gang violence and that's ok :) it's not racial it's gang related :)
So sad. We the people better take care of our own problems and deal with our own issues in our own communities! Ok
What about @MAGAJovi who was slashed with a beer bottle by leftist thugs for wearing his #MAGA hat?
Deflect, deflect, deflect. #ImpeachTrump
"In China, 500 people died this year of choking on corn, why no outrage!" That's what I'm saying next time the boss says I'm late to work.
Way to seek out local Chicago news to deflect. Two very different problems. PS We thought you were "sending in the feds".
Wow. Talk about deflecting from the real issue..
Bc blacks killing blacks is not a #racist story!
It's only black on black violence. Why would #veryfakenews care? Besides Margaret Sanger and her follower HRC would approve
A black person's death goes unnoticed unless he is killed by a white person. Is that what Dems and media mean by #WhiteSupremacy?

Get out  resign
Democrats have never supported Black people so they don't care how many die or kill each other. They're on to the next voters-Illegals
And not a word from your fearless "leader" who's only worried about his ratings

Because they havent found a way to use those deaths to push forward their anti-American agenda of racism hatred and division
Awsome pic & I agree chicago's socialist gun controll laws that violate the 2nd amendment make it easy for criminals to murder people there
I can tell u why no media coverage on black deaths in Chicago....bc they're black and to dems black deaths really don't matter
Good one Rudy...they'd probably send FAT BOY KIM A MILLION $$$
God I live in Chicago, this made me laugh so effin' bad.
Sadly, decades of Daley Crime Boss behavior, and what came after, kind of ruined things. I'd like to see it come back.
Rhetorical question? If not, here is an answer: random violence is not = to white supremacist extremism.
They don't want us talking about the White racist Charlottesville guy was an Obama Democrat.
Why haven't you mentioned Heather Heyer?
You ask why?
Dems refer to blacks as weeds to be exterminated!
msm does what they're told & Black Lives Matter is just a phrase to them!
RealNews! The media needs to highlight Chicago daily until a plan is implemented to stop this violence! It isn't fair to the citizens!
Because the media keeps us in the dark about more than we will ever know
The globalists want this. They want us to kill ourselves.
They don't understand how we can be happy in  a place like this!
why is that? because many of perps and victims are these guys, and i have no compassion for such scum. they yell BLM, then kill each other
They look like circus clowns! Ridiculous
Because we a country led by a RACIST
He's never done anything racist
He revived an award alongside Rosa Parks
Simple, the media are controllers of lies and only wish to divide the country even more so they can control the minds of the people.
Chicago, the Dem/Socialist Meca, has a mayor straight out of obomba's WH the former Chief of Staff Raul Emanual!
Could it be that to the Media, black lives don't matter? 
Shame on them.
Because they are used to it. Cry wolf a 100 times and no one listens anymore
Because the media is too busy hating Trump. It's really sad but true
Chic w/Char are same. Both are testing grounds for ethnic cleansing. Blacks in Chicago & Whites in Charlotte. @maggiemmoore @TrumpGenius
Why is that..?...  @ http://kiliedutravel.com 

Nothing to see here just #BlackLivesMatter screaming "I hope they kill all the white babies! Kill all your grandkids"
#FakeNews #FakeMedia #Democrats 442DEAD #Chicago #MurderCity 2017 98% #Minorities  SO #BlackLivesMatter  but only when it fits ur narrative!

They obviously don't give a shit about the people of Chicago otherwise they'd at least ask questions.
Because the mainstream media are biased to a cultural Marxist agenda?
Democratic Corruption and Lawlessness at it's Best.
Reason it's not on mainstream news is because they can't blame you .News in America is a disgrace . Trump 2020 
Doesn't fit the liberal agenda unless they can say Trump caused it.
Chicago used to be called. 

"The Windy City."

Now it's called..

"The Bloodiest City."

Much has changed in 8 years of race hate..

Aye...
Sadly so.. 

And all those anti gun laws didn't stop 1 of those shootings, it just created more and more victims...

They need our prayers.
Sorry I missed this. Too busy being disappointed in YOUR racist bigoted president getting pats on the back from #DavidDuke
David Duke does not support trump I have the video it's on YouTube straight from the mouth of David Duke
He praised him for his statement blaming folks for fighting the klan. Miss me with he doesn't support him
Because they want their sheep to kill them selves off.When have you know a Dem leftist to really care about a minority??Malcolm X even said
#gunsense #guncontrol  is the blame for that! Disarm law abiding citizens results in crime & murder rates with guns from criminals to go up!
Just another typical Chicago weekend. Chicago mayor could care less! He's all about dissing P Trump for whatever Godless reason! Despicable
I'd like to see all the people who are living in less than areas to march against him demanding free stuff he gives to illegals! His  down
Democrat controlled.
'Cause black lives don't really matter to democrats!
A true democratic city
Because the wrong race committed the violence
Mainly because they haven't figured out a way to blame @POTUS for it.
@rtoks 
WHY.. WELL MAYBE ONE CD FIGURE THAT OUT.   B/C THAT WDNT FURTHER THE CAUSE OF BASHING TRUMP.    SO IT'S NOT IMPORTANT 2 THEM
Yes, Meanwhile in Chicago...

Great Parody Vid Part1

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously a 'Nazi'.

…
No word on this too! If it was reversed it would be a national crisis!
Because RIchmond VA Had far more violence per capita than Chicago and you all don't GAF about that either.
Because the NRA, gun manufacturers, and ammunition companies own the GOP !
Doesn't fit the narrative
Because THAT'S ØBAMAS LEGACY
Liberal media will not cover liberal run cities that are not doing well.
Bc the media was busy showing the true colors of trump d the fact we have a white supremacist as potus

#QuestionOfTheDay Craigslist ad hires ANTIFA for Charlottesville on the day of violence. Who paid & how did they know to hire for that day?
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/898217487359025153 …
All executives working at the NRA must be forced to live there.
Because it doesn't fit the narrative.

More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
ANTIFA.

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
Busy worrying about a dead President s statue
This is awful something needs to change
Why did you retweet a white supremacist, right after #Charlottesville ?
It's because media doesn't care about the black on black violence. #BlackLivesDontMatter  when it's them doing it. Lawl.
So you lost your security clearance @JackPosobiec? You're going to LOVE prison! You've always been a bitch but now you really can be!
Because that is every week up there duh.... we all know that. It is the norm in Chicago!!

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
#ChicagoDEATHS IS NOT EXACTLY THE VIOLENT #Criminal PER SAY BUT THE UNCONSCIONABLE #leadership FROM THIS STATES MAYORSHIP THAT IS % ABSENT
Because everyone was focused on this...
No whites at fault, so no media attention required.

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
@DeplorableSheil @ABC7Chicago Because the ppl shooting are part of the leftist movement
I guess that white supremacist terror incidents are more newsworthy? And long may they continue to be exceptional.

Their worst nightmare is putting the lunatic nazi wannabe on triall. The alt-left, Virginia Gov, Virginia State PolIce et al will be exposed
Of course no news media when it makes those black thugs look bad.
Cuz they're melting down from our President won't be cowed.
Trump's assertion left wing protesters just as violent as white supremacists in Charlottesville sets off firestorm http://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/08dX7Toh?s=a2 
More deaths here in the good ole USA than Mid East!
But you were nearly sued by Comet Pizza for your lies. #ImpeachTrump
And yet @realDonaldTrump said nothing....sad
Unemployment Obama
'09 - 10.0
'10 - 9.0
'11 - 8.0
'12 - 7.0
'13 - 6.0
'14 - 5.5
'15 - 5.0
'16 - 4.5
Under Trump
'17 - 4.2
"look what I did"!
@CNN  #FakeNews

MSM is not telling us the truth about Charlottesville. Here's what REALLY HAPPENED. Soros ! https://www.pscp.tv/w/bF5F4jF4ZUVXeGVCb2txUVB8MXlOR2FtUllZQWdHahFGGMb_SbnZrrj4gb1x0wjru8th7rSKdSk7TnEsOcZL …

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
Going out on a limb here, but I'm going with because there were literal nazis parading in the streets. JUST A GUESS.
Gun control?
Chicago is some type of beta test for what happens when society crumbles.
@realDonaldTrump thank you SO much for telling the truth about BOTH sides of the story in Virgina!! Alt left was equally terrorists #maga
Msm what do you want to hide this from the rest of USA
Because it's on the wrong side of the expressway.

So sorry all this happening.  Need to get gangs out & better gun control.  Can't imagine a parent having to worry each day about your kids
Instead of complaining that there is no news coverage how about you work on decreasing hatred and violence so there's nothing to report on
Nothing on CNN
He's done nothing wrong
Where's outrage abt pedogate & HC/Obama/podesta involvement, About shot Trump supporter, about #BO running drug money 4 arms to MB- all true
Oh my gosh that HORRIBLE! SO very sad! Lord help them get their city back together, Pray for CHICAGO.
CHIRAQ.
Because it was unplanned gangster violence. Pssssh I know what your thinking...Gangster violence is better if it's organized, point nailed!
Like that violent gangster that damaged that poor mans car with a stick, if I feel my car's body has been damaged  people get run over
because the perpetrators were not Muslims or brown skinned
Because the MSM hasn't yet figured out how to attribute to Trump.
You are very prejudiced using the words these people and it’s not ok for them to kill each other they need help I think you are the one with the problem only the Left would think this way 
They also are not educated so let’s start there they need help not what your saying let them kill each other that’s wrong
Now you are being very racist and I’m done with you you are being blocked
And you were just stripped of your security clearance

Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.
Where's Osumba?
Democrats 
@ChicagosMayor .....any comment?
@CNN @MSNBC @ABC @NBCNews @CBSNews
Shouldn’t @BarackObama be making a statement about this? He’s overdue to criticize @realDonaldTrump & his administration today. 
Because libtard's will have you believe that Chicago is not even in the top 20 deadliest cities, and the issue is an over exaggeration by right-wing conspiracy theorists, and merely conservative propaganda.
Media outrage? You can't even get them to cover it!
Because Rahm Emanuel doesn't care. 
He's  looking forward to the gentrification., after the property values get to Detroit levels he'll send in the developers for a new property tax basis. 
Time will tell the truth
Because the only day the citizens of Chicago matter to dems is election day, and in Chicago it doesn't matter if you're dead or alive on election day, you're vote still counts.
It's become the norm...
Additionally, Young African American males are dying at such an alarming rate, yet the political leaders in Chicago only prioritize protecting illegal immigrants that commit crime with sanctuary.  Despicable!
Since you posted this, hundreds more have been killed.  Nothing in the liberal media about it!
RT @JackPosobiec: Meanwhile: 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend, 9 deaths. No national media outrage. Why is that? htt...
.@realDonaldTrump is the worst
It's a war zone, they don't have combat gear.
When you disprove insane theories of conspiracy loons like Trump they see it as more proof of devilish capabilities of the plotters
RHOM EMMANUAL SHOULD BE FIRED, VOTED OUT OR JAILED. CHICAGO IS DEN OF CRIMINALS PROTECTED BY HIM?. SCANDULOUS. NO PATRIOT. DEPORT OR JAIL!
Well most of them our talking about our president what he doesnt do right.if it was 3 tiolet in a room and he used one cnn news would say
It was the wrong one.Trump supporter.
Ask CNN, who knows why? hiding the true that Emmanuel, Chicago leader, incompetent, poor judgement, love sanctuary cities. fire him.
Fake news does better creating things to stir up interest rather than dealing with realities that have solutions.
Isnt that Obamas home town???? A Sanctuary City? huh? Oh Well, Cut funding
Huh, Great place for Illegals. Sanctuary Idiots
No coverage because it's not about Trump. Find a way to make Trump responsible for it all and Chicago will be on the news 24/7
Black Lives Matter apparently doesn't care to stop Black lives being murdered by other Blacks! Just proves BLM is Racist terror Org.
Blacks shooting blacks, blacks shooting whites is a non issue, but a white person shooting a black criminal is racist
Question,  when you run out of other people's money, how will you live?
they prefer reporting about Europe.. It makes him feel great!
When is Chicago going to take this seriously? For Gods sake get rid of your horrid Mayor. He's  totally incompetent.
Hey Jack instead of just BEING a big mouth pretending u care, how abt u go ENLIST & go FIGHT on the FRONT LINE w/real MEN in AFGHANISTAN?
but is not MAN enuf to go stand next to the REAL MEN AND WOMEN WHO FIGHT 4 him 2 ACT like he's tough. IOW he's a big mouthed pussy worth ZIP
Because then the media would be taking the negativity that they are projecting on Trump away.
Bc white people would have to take responsibility for systemic disenfranchisement and racism

This a NATIONAL DISGRACE. Send in the troops. This is a significant way to help the black people of Chicago.
Naw trump is busy in other countries business to even be bothered!
because the mayor is a democrat moron
Rahm Emmanuel is a Saul Alinsky follower just like Hillary and Obama.  He wants blacks to shoot each other. He wants chaos.
because Chicago deaths are probably (for the most part) Negroes and... #DoBlackLivesMatter
They came out yesterday and sold out but I found em better move fast while last https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0744FDJ3R/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B0744FDJ3R&linkCode=as2&tag=hollywoodkc27-20&linkId=0b030aad6d510bf11d680fe6d89c719d …
This is MEDIA coverage.
The media would rather put Donald Trump down that's what it's all about
If only keyboard heros like @EliHarold_ RT shit like this then finally he would do good for the black community. Instead he Prefers racebait
Because the MSM is part of ethnic cleansing w the Liberals
Because it's none of your identifiable followers doing it Donnieboy, it's just the same old murdering that's been going on for a long time.
Black folks: democRATS do not care one ioata about you, only your votes.
You will soon by trying to pardon yourself. lmao.
#Chicago does not play into the #FakeNews  narrative. OMG, can you imagine if they actually focus on real issues, affecting real people?
@JackPosobiec how is it an outrage when they just reporting what is news? Media aren't mad. You see them lose cool asking Trump question?
Apparently Ignorance of trying to compare the two weekends as same issues.  Hate & Ignorance are born together. #ImpeachTrump, #TrumpResign
45 Overtook Attention AGAIN w/his Failed Leadership of U.S. & World.  Continues Hate Rallies N Spite of Republican Warnings. #TrumpResiign
NATIONAL MEDIA IS OBTUSE, FAKE AND BECOMING TOTALLY IRRELEVANT. THEY ARE DEAD BUT DON'T WANT TO REALIZE IT.
Thought Donald was going to intervene in Chicago?  SMH
cinnamon CNN.. .
If it can somehow be linked to Trump it will be!
I guess black lives don't matter if they're killed by their own
