
Mate, my goldfish is smarter than this President!
Ass
Both a #fraud. Jackass-in-chief you no longer have any moral authority to lead anything.
RESIGN
He is not a new voice at Breitbart.

And anyway, why are you visiting racist websites? Are you a racist too?

Sad.
Arsenal are playing. This is no time for such excellent banter
Always depended on Breitbart..before I ever heard of Steve Bannon
'New Voice'? You know he held that position not too long ago? Are you ok? Is your memory fading? Should you rest up a bit?
Sure.  Breitbart...unbiased bastion of facts.  You hurt my head.
You're the sorriest excuse for a President.
lol that right wing rag is red meat for your hateful base. Your ratings suck. Worst POTUS ever. RESIGN!
Yup...all part of your propaganda machine...
Your use of the word "new" is itself Fake News.
New voice? Didn't he have that job before? Competition against fake news? What's the plan, just outright calling it bollocks?
maga!
And he's not far http://away.You  can still get in touch with him so that he can still tell you what to think and say.
@lpolgreen @BreitbartNews And the sucking up begins...
Brainwashed
Too bad the presidency is still a joke, You have morons surrounding you and you have no intention of calming the violence currently --
Only 5% of Muslims think terrorism justified! That's 75 million who support terrorism.Think about that! 
Quit talking about Bannon and do something about the violence going on in Boston right now against innocent Americans!  That's your job!
I can guarantee you this wouldn't be happening if Rudy Guiliani were President!
A news site full of lies for racists and bigots. No shocker that you love it.
You really should do some reading, what believing CNN, if Trump were removed your biggest nightmare would start

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Bannon will be an amazing voice at Breitbart News again. He's will UNLOAD on the fascist violent left!
Blah blah blah
You're crazy
Kiss his ass now , after u try destroy him .... u know the world is against u .. your words mean absolutely nothing
The #FakeNewsMedia are only making Trump supporters STRONGER!! #MAGA #DrainTheSewer #AmericaFirst GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT AND AMERICA ! 
Whew!
For a smart guy I cannot believe you don't see how you've damaged your name and brand. Pandering to a small base and alienating the world
He's got the goods on you and you're shitting Nazi bricks, Donnie-boy. It's the beginning of the end of your "presidency".
.....and "new voice"??!!
WOW! How much sucking up are you going to do to try to stop Bannon from telling all?
He is as big a fascist as you he should fit in there well
Ass kisser
You are just jealous he can suck his own cock.
I used to be able to. Frankly, its over-rated. Better to get a hired hand.
3 Years, 5 Months, 23 Hours, 12 Minutes, and 33 Seconds
Trump re election countdown :)
Of all the things the President of the United States can be thinking about and publicly commenting on. Steve Bannon and Breitbart? #SAD
He has to suck up to Bannon so Breitbart will keep churning out fake news and fake praise. He's terrified Steve will burn him down.
President Trump Hit an Economic GRAND SLAM  — GDP Growth to 3.7%
The #MSM doesn't report the Atlanta Fed's 3.7% GDP Growth Number -- They are too busy attacking Trump.. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
When the mainstream media Reports the fact that President Trump DOUBLED our GDP growth rate, maybe the American people will tune in
The American People DON'T CARE about Statues, they care about JOBS!
Why does the establishment not like President Trump? Because he didn't take their campaign donations (bribes) -- He's 100% for the people!
That's a big lie.
He should blow the competition out of the water, considering @BreitbartNews is the fakest of them all!
Also, c'mon @amazon what are you doing still running ads for these loons? I really miss buying things from you
Love Bannon! Liberals just can't take the truth... you are doing a great job! Libs call everyone a racist, they don't know any big words!
fro #45 is a disgrace and an EMBARRASSMENT !!!
Steve Bannon - give "fake news" HELL!!! Support our President Trump!!!
Mr President, why are all the people that helped you into office gone? Are WE the people that backed you next? Very Sad!
Resist establishment Congressional GOP who consider you "merely" useful.
Except when they makes up news and use a photo of a German Football (soccer) player who won the 2014 cup...
#RealFakeNews #TrumpLies
Real News isn't Real news unless you have the facts. Specifically, dog facts @Freshdogfacts
tune in next day for BreitBark where we have fun and snuff a butt and meet a squirrel also the good news is we are not racist #dogfacts
You barely knew Bannon, huh?
New? You do realize that he left Breitbart to join your campaign, don't you?
So, you're saying that #FakeNews @BreitbartNews needs #FakeNews @infowars as competition; or did you mean #FakeNews @FoxNews ? 
He's getting down to work already blaming your daughter Ivanka for his departure
Hmmm
you are so right but the Dems are not going to let that happen, you know that of course
Now if we could only fire you.
You are peeing in your pants. Just another case of #peepee #russia
#nazi
Heard he is making plans to take you down. Stevie may not be happy with you right now. Do you still trust each other?
Thank you,  both.
Competition of a White Supremacist???  LOL, I think not!
Shut up. No One is listening to your verbal diarrhea
You're fucking crazy.  Bring back Obama
Decipher Truth from Fiction or Fake
You are a fake president!
how are you not impeached
DONNY is trying to distract us from his horrible unpresidential/personal behvior. Folks,focus on what the administration/lawmakers are doing
Coming from the Houdini of "fake"
We need a great conservative news agency!
Oh good grief. He is not a new voice..... Get it together, Donny
You are the worst-no leader what so ever-only an instigator of chaos and profit
So Steve Bannon is fake News you say.. We will never buy into the fake news and screw ourselves over Drumpf.
Bannon maybe gone from the WH, you still support the white supremacists and neo-nazis.
@StephenBannon will be a "new" voice at @BreitbartNews, @potus @realDonaldTrump?

It is worse than we feared.
Backing Bannon and he is attacking your family. He will be the Fake News! He's a bigot and racist, that who you are backing. He's smart?
Yeah we know you have released your Joseph Goebbels to do some propaganda specially after not knowing how to lead.
Just like Joseph Goebbels Grand Wizard!
He'll be competing directly with that shithole you call a mouth.
Little more love from Steve the smart new voice
take it down
KKK member out of white house returns to operate white supremacists publication. Keep applauding - your racism is showing & we wont forget R
Fake News started with Fox News and ends with Daily Stormer and Breitbart.
So many have launched themselves TDS and landed right in the TURD area. Sad but true. Unfortunate. 
#MAGA. DRAIN THE SWAMP OF . THE ELITE LIBERAL RHINOS 
So you are still promoting hate, racism and all things hateful by still promoting Brietbart
U need the competition but the GOP seems slow to react. Not sure why, there's nothing to fear from a bloated, narcissistic, orange egomaniac
Where was he when you spread racist birther lies?
Do you realize what you are really saying?
Mr. Bannon will do great in supporting you and in 2020
"NEW" voice @ Breitbart? What a liar U R. Bannon has run Breitbart on taxpayer salary from the white house 4 seven months!
Talks about fake news praises Breitbart lol
And the #war has begun.  @IvankaTrump
So your admitting that Brietbart is fake news? Which other fake news? Alex Jones? Drudge? Fox fake news? That new one with Boris Epstein?...
Fake breitbart for fake President...
#loserofpopularvote #neverabove50 #fakepresident
He's not a new voice
What Breitbart needs is some QUALITY journalism, instead of its tabloid style.  The Western world is crying out for a quality non-Left paper
Yep, a lot of competition out there.
Yeah, now that he's had classified security clearance for months 
Meet the new boss. Same as the old boss.
Hell yeah #Trump2020
States with legal cannabis have a significant decline in opiate use and abuse 
Save lives build the economy! 
REAL FACTS REAL NEWS
He will keep YOU WORKING to #DTS!
So your saying @BreitbartNews is also fake news? Nothing new about Bannon same old Bigotry and Hate. Same ole Puppet..
Breitbart news website is full of fake news and spam ads ....
Not tough, smart or new...  Same old shit at the same old stand only now, if you bother to read, he's dissing you & your crew...
#ResignNOW!
You seem to forget that YOU ARE A PUBLIC SERVANT. We're allowed to criticize you.
Will they cover fake President?
The real news needs competition from a mouthpiece for facists and white supremacists, disgusting

New voice?? What is wrong with you?
You are their biggest competition because you produce Fake News everyday! MTGA
#TrumpBart IS the very DEFINITION of #FakeNews , you psychotic lying shill. Pure #Trumpaganda How much is @stephenkbannon paying you?

@VicBergerIV for press secretary
Guess Putin isn't only one with pee pee tape
PENDEJO
I have no words for how stupid this is. #no #stop #delusional #resist
You are scared sh*tless of Bannon!! Coward!!
Wait this guy who you called smart after he resigned?
Who you said it was “great” to work with?
And who you insisted be on the National Security Council?
Now that's funny that you think Breitbart is real news! So sad!

New voice??  He's been there since it started.

☡☡☡☡☡☡
☡☡YOU ARE☡☡
  ☡BREITBART☡
☡☡☡FED☡☡☡
 ☡☡☡☡☡☡☡
☡THAT'S WHAT'S☡
  ☡☡WRONG☡☡
☡☡WITH YOU☡☡
  ☡☡☡☡☡☡
@BreitbartNews is the definition of fake news. No better than @CNN
Failure #45. Your ignorance is awful. You're Losing daily. Resign!
Yes, Stevie will give the National Enquirer competition for all the fools who think it is an actual news source.
You just love the winning.

Propaganda. You are becoming quite silly. Best to just be quiet.
He's a racist! Believes in white power just like you! You are morally bankrupt. People getting wise to you. I hope it's not to late
That's not true. You're abusive. Stop using the word "white". It's racist.
Sure duh! What ever you say
Who is winning the #FakeNews competition?

Fox, Breitbart, Alex Jones?

Who knew it was an actual "competition"?

Is "Racist" a race event?
Don't fall for the progressive antagonists' character assassination of the President Trump and their vile tactics to push their evil agenda
even after Charlotteville it still does not sink into you does it.. Keep bullying, do it every day please.. it will be proof against you
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @TIME
Breitbart is posting negative articles about you while you promote their twitter. HAHAHA
It's the only way to get Trump to do anything.  Attack his ego. He bites back and makes rash decisions when the news isn't praise and glory.
 if @BreitbartNews is competition for #fakenews does that make them... fake? 
Your not welcome in Arizona!!
With what more fake news from Bannon?
Sir, when are you going to make an announcement about the white walker's, #WinterIsHere  and the dragon lady deserves a medal #got
Mr President, watch your back...
Miss your little bromance do you?
Be careful what you wish for.
Do you mean like this fake news that @BreitbartNews posted? The man on the jet ski is professional German soccer player Lukas Podolski 
Thanks @specialistbob
Good luck, he's going to eat your lunch
He probably has a lot to say, can't wait
Out as Afghanistan ramps - crying shame - more lives lost and families destroyed for nothing - no one has ever won there
Worst web site ever & yet u praise the man in chge. Ur beliefs speak volumes just like your words. Actual news has u on video. R u a liar?
Yeah. Breitbart News has always been the face of Fake News. Competing only with Fox News on fakeness.
