Hahahahahahaha! Poopy McCheeto worships MONEY ONLY! if you think different then you are a fool.
Thank you for this speech President Trump, Many of us needed to hear that from you. We appreciate that.
You worship you and money and you and power and you and greed and you and you and you and you and you. We've had enough of you. #impeach
Now you know there is no doubt. This fool living in a fantasy.
Lots of freedom,democracy and equality believing Americans who don't believe in God & just because you do,doesn't mean they need to hear it
Made that a law yet, have you?  Some of us worship nothing, and just try to be good people because we SHOULD, not because we HAVE TO.
In America we worship whoever we want.  Or no one at all.  It's one of our rights as Americans.  Does being stupid hurt?
Not all Americans worship the same God. Not all Americans worship God at all. The President represents ALL Americans.
AMEN
What if ur a Athiest
Not everyone worships god! There is separation of religion and state for a reason.  Religion has no place in government talk!
The only thing you worship is power. Your war talk was inappropriate. As is everything else you say and do!
We follow the laws of the Constitution of the United States of America where there is no religious testing - See First Amendment
And you, of course, worship money...
For an innocent man there are better ways to show it
if they really worshiped God they'd not want you as liar n chief
Which God?  I believe in the separation of church and state, as did our forefathers and for very good reason.
Separation of church and state biatch.
I don't think anyone wants to worship government oh & #separationofchurchandstate
That's a straight up lie
In America, We worship ANYBODY WE FUCKING WANT TO.
Well, small (not) point here...we do not worship one God, but worship freedom of religion, assembly, speech, democracy...read a civics book.
@realDonaldTrump has been married&DIVORCED many times, CHEATED on all wives,STOLEN from charities,LIED to Vatican @Foxnews @BBCBreaking
Amen!
And this country was founded on the separation of church and state  I suggest you remember that
no, the country was founded with an absolute separation of church& state. I don't have to worship your God
Abrahamic faith mean anything to you??
American patriots believe in President Trump. Brainwashed Americans who can't think for themselves hate him cuz they have been told to do so
In the USA, we don't worship government.
No we dont dipshit.
Nope. Wrong.
thanks be to God!
Awesome
@POTUS Doing a fantastic job @BESTPRESIDENTEVER
But you worship only yourself  & money.
I worship God and I ask him humbly and reverently to give you the courage and wisdom to resign.
Respect the freedom to worship whom we choose & the freedom NOT to worship anything #NotMyPresident #notmygod #separatechurchandstate
Money is your God.  And Power.
Really? Last time I checked, you are the Government and you're NOT  supposed to tell us what or who to worship.
Unless of course you're an atheist.....
From someone who doesn't know that Presbyterians are Christian
3 marriages and a narcissist aka Donald J.Trump. I pray to Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit and God the Father will show you the truth 
You do not worship god but the god of greed / money! God hates hypocrites/  liars.Calling yourself Christian is using God's name in vain !
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion"
Maybe some reading is in order?
'We' do not worship the fictional guy in sky! You are supposed to represent the American people - of all faiths, and of none!
And the Almighty Dollar.  Or is it Ruble yet? #TrumpRussia
Since when? "You cannot serve both God and mammon".
Praise You, Lord!!
You worship you. You are no more Christian than Satin
When's the last time you went to church Trump?
Amen Amen
In America we have seperation of church and state.
Worshipping hasn't done much for me. I haven't hit the lotto numbers yet.
Praise the Lord
oh, is THAT what the pussy grabbing was all about?  You were PRAYING... see, we all thought PREYING. #oops
You worship only yourself - and applaud anyone who sings your praises. It's not a hymn. It's heresy. #FaithandFreedom? No. #LiesandHatred
Then why, pray tell,  are you requesting loyalty oaths from your staff? Let them be loyal to God,  not you.
Hilarious from you. To your supporters anything you do is amazing, any criticism a lie, any objection whining. You've brainwashed them.
and hearing @realDonaldTrump speak about God? Makes me wanna vomit. He's the epitome of a sinner.
We're all sinners but he has never once repented.
How would you know. Sounds like your speaking out of the wrong end again.
He's definitely an atheist. We recognize our own.
Though admittedly we don't want him either.  Most Aethiests still have a moral compass
I no an atheist he definitely has morals unlike Trump
what don't you understand about "SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE"???
No, in America we worship what we want, because freedom exists. Perhaps you should look into idolizing something besides Money.
Listen up Nero we're sick of U dictating what we should believe.  Our constitution gives us the right to worship a bar of soap if we choose
YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE, THE SPAWN OF SATAN. NO RELIGION BELONGS IN SCHOOLS..WHAT ABOUT MUSLIMS? TRYING TO HOLD ONTO YOUR BASE I SEE..SNOWFLAKE!
And trump! Heil Trump.. supreme leader of communist America. Land of stupid people saving coal!!!! Donald is killing America. Your guy!
Dems message: Stop giving Russians a pass on the attack of our US democracy! Condemn them in public!  Stop giving them US top-secret Intel!
While you were pandering to the FFC, did you forget your allegiance first goes to the Constitution?
Don't lie. You want people to worship you.
 so you are calling yourself God now?!?! Good lord man, have you no shame?!? #TrumpRussia
What do you know about religion? In America, we worship whom ever we want!
You have guts to lie to the religious right. We heard proof yesterday of obstruction and this morning that there's proof of collusion. WOW
Amen!
Speak for yourself
Most may worship God. But He is supposed to be separate from our government!
No. No. No. Some of us put people under the guise of humanity first before any religious idol... ask Kim Davis she failed at it.
This is BS! Where are the real top comments you know the ones were thousands of people liked it but wasn't so nice to you!
Americans have never worshipped government, and over a quarter of us do not worship God. GFY!
We don't worship god, we worship money 
Amen! GOD  BLESS  AMERICA  AND  PRESIDENT  TRUMP  AND  VP  PENCE  AND  THEIR  FAMILIES  
Than why do you want your followers to worship u?
You only worship yourself and money. #hypocrite
We are all in for you. Good job
Another of the uncountable reasons why you are unfit. You are so deluded as to not know that that statement is NOT true and NEVER HAS BEEN.
And that God says clearly take care of the poor, the widow, the alien, and the orphan...do justice, love mercy, walk humbly
Oh for Gods sake! Really! You are pathetic!
In America we get the Freedom to worship as we see fit- Islam, Judaism, Christian, Hindu, etc
Um, not all of us worship God. Obviously you don't give a shit...
If that were true no religious organization would let a sexual predator like you in their house
You Rock! Thank you for all you are doing for us. I hate it that you are facing such evil ones in the process. May God keep you strong!
a shame you are not a good Christian then.  Hypocrisy, rascism, lies - yup very christian
Precious coming from a sexual predator.  You were in the company of some of the most immoral and you felt completely at ease. Resign Now!
In America, we have the right to worship or NOT worship. ANY god. Or NO god. US isn't a Christian nation. It is a free one.
This coming from the President is concerning to citizens who don't share his religious views. Will we be unconstitutionally persecuted?
Hate to judge anybody's faith, but Trump seemed to find religion when Pence & SCOTUS seat could help him win over evangelicals, get elected.
We worship the freedom to peacefully be different. In how we pray. Or don't. How we look. Who we love. US must remain 's best melting pot.
Sings it, Adam!
Americans may worship (or not) as they choose, but America doesn't worship anything. Gov't-forced religion is how terrorist regimes are born
God knows that you are a liar and that you worship money more than Him. God knows that you stole money from children with cancer. Hypocrite
God hates #pussygrabbers.   Just saying.
Happy birthday
You always sound drunk while giving speeches
Fair enough, but who do you worship?
Then again, "honest" and @realDonaldTrump are antonyms. So just go play in traffic You Orange toddler. #ImpeachTrump #TheReasonIsTreason.
Sadly uneducated evangelicals worship a thrice divorced, serial cheating,  pu$$y grabbing, sexual assaulter like you.
You worship Money and not God. You are a liar and a hypocrite
TEXTING LIKE THE GREAT DICTATORSHIP YOU ARE TRYING TO LEAD EH TRUMP OH BOY!!!

We have Freedom of Religion to worship or not worship any God we want.
No. We worship or don't, whomever or whatever we please. Ever actually read the Constitution, dingbat?
Amen!
I'm an atheist immigrant. I'm fairly sure I've done more for the US in the past few years than you have in your lifetime.
You are the biggest hypocrite... you only care about God if he can make you rich. Don't forget God has a YUGE sense of humor ;)
Pretty sure you worship either money or yourself, #Trump. On the good side, you will be judged one day! #TrumpIsThe7DeadlySins
When will you stop worshiping money and actually pay attention to legislation that currently breaks your promises? #IsThatBeingACoward ?
President Trump making History! Will be remember as 1st Real Honest Great President!!!! Ever
Thank you Mr President!!! 
For those in Texas there will be a huge rally tomorrow! Come by and help us counter Antifas destructive actions #MAGA
Yes indeed&we'll be BLESSED IF WE KEEP LORDS COVENANT AS HIS SERVANTS putting HIM 1st !4WH
We'll have LORD go before us in battle to take back CA from EVIL that rules now& attacks good!
You will have nothing of the sort.  If your God is real he'll do what he sees fit.  Not what you do.
We are not a Christian Nation. Not everyone worships God, some follow multiple gods, or no god at all. Keep religion out of politics.
Christians with poor judgement.
In case you missed high school #civics, we are a #secular #government & a diverse population with many faiths. This rhetoric makes me #sick.
Do you REALLY worship God @realDonaldTrump ?  Bc what u say and do don't seem real God-like...js
Two Corinthians....
Someone needs some education on the 1st amendment
Nobody's talking about this but, Jesus was big on grabbing pussy.  He must be so proud of you, DT, his bigliest fan.
Amen
I have total faith that the justice department & ICs are going to put an end to your presidency. You should be praying for a decent lawyer.
Ya, your God fearing. Married 3 times, multiple missteresses, excessive lifestyle, dishonest business practices. The Bible supports it all.

You and your family as well as all the Goldman Sachs people worship money only. That's why you put them in the offices to benefit themselves
You worship money
Keep strong in the Lord our God. Jesus loves you.
Except for the part where there are plenty of people in this country who do not worship god or any deity for that matter.
Donald, which is lower: Your IQ or your approval rating?

Trump is as much a Christian as my cat.
R people really so gullible ?
LMAO Everyone in this thread is mentally handicapped. Especially the OP!
Who do you think muslims worship?? My worship and my government should never meet! #separationofchurchandstate
I DON'T/WON'T PRETEND TO BE A XTIAN B/C I HAVE SOME INTEGRITY.

YOU, HOWEVER, HAVE NEVER LET A LITTLE THING LIKE THAT GET IN YOUR WAY.
Read your constitution, learn it, abide by it.
In America we are supposed to be able to worship any God, Goddess, thing, or lackthereof without Government interferance. You're a buffoon.
Not all of us. We have the FREEDOM to worship or not worship whatever we want.
The 8th commandment says not to bear false witness against thy neighbor. Try it, you might find you like it.
Not for one minute do I believe you're a religious man! Total means to an end!
Not all of us
Donald Trump worships himself. He could care less about God. Anyone who believes any differently is a moron.
God as Comey would called "Lordy"?
How's that foundation of separation of church and state going? Theocracy, here we come?
Separation of church and state.  God is many things to many people depending on their faith. But you wouldn't know.
Drain the swamp we call Washington DC
1) We don't all worship God.  2) It would be an improvement if we at least respected government.
"But it does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are 20 gods or no God."
-Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia, 1782
