Has Vladimir let you know how Marine's campaign is going?
Go Le Pen, defeat socialism and the establishment!
It is only the opening act! #france
Wow. Thanks for that topnotch analysis.
I pray a president who sees things in your way emerges.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 8 Months, 28 Days, 1 Hour, 54 Minutes, and 52 Seconds
... until Trump begins his second term
And also in Delhi 
Support Marine 
Your average American, Russian state sponsored Sputnik News columnist, advises Potus to "Support Marine." https://twitter.com/CassandraRules/status/856147882105327616 …
Also, Support Macron 
Let's win #LePen !!!!!
who did Putin tell you he wanted to win?
Indeed. What do you think the outcome means for your future?
Yes. LePen LOST because the French people watching YOU said they don't want to go down the alt right path. Thanks!
STOP LE FASCISME !!!!!!!!!!!!
If Macron win, both @realDonaldTrump and Poutine will make some "paté" from the weakness of this idiot...being so coward and unmature
Mind your business on other elections
Russia doing its part, like in U.S. getting you elected. Scared for us and the world.  Let's all wake up to Russia coming in the back door!
Great observation. Have you considered getting a PhD in political science?
He doesn't have to he already won his election!
Marie lepen will be the next winner and next Donald Trump
How about that approval rating! Still in the toilet Donnie! No matter which one you look at. Your base are the only ones who like you! Sad!
Great Job your doing @POTUS 
If you could go back in time, you'd cheer for Hitler. 
I'd call you a monster if you weren't so, so weak.
The French need relief from the invasion. Very sad what happened to Paris. Can't let USA fall into the same trap.
Every time a trump opens his mouth the wrong things come out just keep talking keep talking
Hmm Putin, Le Pen, and trump.. all dictators in arms. No surprise you support her.
Shut up lol
Why do you support Marine Le Pen?
Bc @FoxNews said to...
...and 2 mins later? Confirmation. 
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends
I didn't know you actually paid attention to world events!! #SundayMorning #resist
Jared told him
correct, let's hope they aren't stupid enough to elect a right wing racist ideologue
Quelle élection j'ai raté quelques chose ? Et il est l'homme le plus puissant de la planète. On est pas dans la #merde
You are correct that they are genuinely interesting. If - as I suspect - you're suggesting you're like Marine Le Pen though...
I mean, her party, the Front National has a long standing history of explicit racism and anti-semitism.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, who ran it, is a convicted racist who dismissed the gas chambers as a 'detail of history':
and marine le pen kicked him out of National Front. love how you only state facts that promote your narrative
Sure - she took a party that was overtly racist and anti-semitic and made it less overtly racist and anti-semitic.
But then again if she didn't want the vote of those profoundly racist people, she'd have started a new party, wouldn't she?
my point is that Marine is trying very hard to change the face of NF
#Oposición #Terroristas y #Medios destruyen el país y los poderes del Estado para sin ley robar el #Petroleo de #Venezuela?
How would you know when you obviously can't read?
You and Putin are both pulling for that fascist Le Pen.   Vous êtes une marionnette russe. #impeactrump
One would hope that the current political environment in the US would serve as a cautionary tale.
One would hope...although UK warned us after Brexit.  Hopefully the French won't fall for the BS.
I could NOT fathom there were enough uneducated racists to influence the election. I know others voted for it, too. Caught me off guard.
Me too.  It was like 9/12/01 here on the day after the election. We have to impeach this dangerous joker in the next 100 days.
Turn off the bloody TV and do some work. You are the laziest President.
He's the hardest working a President ever.  Please have respect!
The left have no respect. They create delusional bs to cover up their continual corruption in our country. Isn't their party extinct by now?
PS The FBI is corrupt as well
Very interesting election currently taking place in France....
Yeah it's interesting , they were hacked by your buddies as well,  but they know better than we do and didn't pay attention.
Marie le Pen is a disgusting islamaphobe.
she hates the globalists, just like you and @RealAlexJones
And she is a confirmed Putin Puppet!
Oh yeah,  that's the narrative against anyone who is a conservative these days? Msm controls your tongue?
Le Pens campaign is sponsored by Russian banks & earlier this year .
Cute.    Hillary was sponsored by Saudi Arabia.   Tell me who cares.
Replies with Fake news from 2016. Classic
Keep up the tantrum.

I don't know who is writing your speeches now but you embarrass me every time you open your mouth.
Marine has time enough now, why don't you go on a trip with her to, let's say Siberia or Israël. #Farfaraway.
You received 304 votes and lost the popular vote! @SangHeffa @RiskyLiberal
It's good you have knowledge of that looking good
You're just learning about it today?
Translation: "I was really looking forward to hitting on that blonde Nazi."
What does Hillary have to do with this?
Fuck yourself, little bigot.
Stay out of it, Donald. The French hate you even more than we do.
Oh we so fucking do you have no idea.
what makes a "True Patriot"? Someone who blindest follows a leader no matter what horrible things they do? That is the Nazi Party
What horrible thing has he done, that isn't just some concocted fantasy you leftists made up to discredit him?
See the rest of my posts regarding DJT. He doesn't give a crap about the American people. If he did, HE would have Hired & Bought American.
You play the cards you are dealt.
Sorry, Its not his fault America doesn't produce everything he buys.
It's just how bad it has gotten.
The day your people voted for you they were just BEGGING to be lied to. SAD. #Trumprussia #Trump #RESISTANCE
Yeah, and what makes it most interesting is that the ur endorsing a far right wing freak who wants to ban burkas & yarmulkas. #trump
Not Jewish wear. Try wearing a yamika in Paris. Good luck.
Ella engaluku theriyum.
Nee moodu.
He wants me to translate this for him.
He wants or you want.?
He. He's in a bit of a hurry too.
I want to say- "Podi."
Can I say- Podi.?
I'll have to translate that to him too ffs.
Podi.
Vanakkam
Interesting because they might elect a woman who won't allow your grandkids to wear yarmulkes in her country?
he doesn't even know what a yarmulke is
#Yeah, and keep your freakin hands out of it!!  #don't ask Russia to interfere either!!  LOL
Have you only just noticed it's on?!? Shame your nazi friends aren't going to be able to stitch it up like you and your crime family did.
Tg
No shit! You are so brilliant!
oh tg toi.
You were at French TV today
Dear Mr President. Thank you for your observation but please can you get off twitter and concentrate on serious diplomacy and world peace.
#FuckRussia
Wow! How insightful...
Gosh, now there's an intelligent observation.
Yes indeed!!!  Extreme right is losing.  French (and Dutch) learned from the fiasco in the US!
Brexit, USA and now France! Next it will be Italy and then Germany. Movement to oust liberals has started.
Yes, and the good guy won :-)
You should not brag about it, there your scores wouldn't have you get elected...
Yes, seems a bit familiar doesn't it!  LOVE IT! America's movement is going GLOBAL!
We were hoping for our @POTUS to endorse @MLP_officiel
just like you're "election" which is exactly like the New England Patriots Super Bowl football game..because it's al the same thing. 
indeed
t roux fdp
At least America will back Australia if North Korea bomb us. Cheers mate
Watching with you POTUS.
Hit them hard Trump
Very interesting tweet.
Marine LePen is the divine angel for France- if She wins, they get their country back- if Macron wins, they will lose everything.
I dare you, in fact double dare you to tweet a map with an arrow pointing at France, with no help. Most of your voters couldn't.
Don't say it, the race reminds you of your race. Everything reminds you of you.
And you support the racist. Nice!
Adds, "Can't find France on a map but blonde chick talks gud" @realDonaldTrump
Absolutely. There seem to be Russian ties there as well.
You are much more interesting
It seems @realDonaldTrump is constantly wishing that a more fucked up President comes into existence.
Confirmation people want sovereign nations to remain in a global trading environment.
Stay out of it
Yea the bitch is doing the same thing you did, #russianhacking #LePenTrump
The people there are tired of illegals and their country being taken over by them and the lawlessness.
Russia's agenda?? You will go down as a Traitor. Go Away! !!
Thanks for the heads up. #FingerOnThePulse
Your Russian bromance is going a bit far don't you think?  Puppets emeging here and in France..  Where does it stop.  It's treasonous
To sell our country Trump.  You and your team are deep in bed with these communist chumps.  Justice is coming.  Can you feel it?
Hillary Clinton started this whole Russian propaganda and oddly enough Donald Trump carried on with this. Get informed, pick a side
If by interesting you mean an epic nightmare.  Was Le Pen the inspiration for the racist populism you capitalized on during ur campaign?
I hope Marie le pen will win.  The situation in France s gone worse. Terrorism is rising
You should have remembered you supported the Nazi here as you read your Holocaust Memorial Speech. And congrats, you read it pretty well
Holy shit!!!! You said something truthful! You didn't lie, for once. Try to do that again.
Sure looked a lot like the one we had here.
From your twitter to God's ears )
idiot
@realDonaldTrump I'm sure you enjoy watching your Russian masters manipulate the French election as well.
B/C of you, the French people will be spared the fate of Americans. They'd like U to know how grateful they are, but no one is sending wine.
tg
So much like yours
You know where France is?
Yes ! @MLP_officiel #Marine_LePen for President of Republic of #France !! 
Don't mention my country.
Yes, and demagogues like Le Pen will be defeated.Take note.
And it ended exceptionally well today! #France did not accept your cohort's lies or direction she would take their Country!
hey comrade! wonder why you are interested? #FAKEPRESIDENT
#DUH
Russia wins
I'm sure you want your Putin buddy to win. Bigly mistake. Bigly.
-not for money and religion
Who would you prefer to win Don?
I am a communist and I support Le Pen over Macron because it would be much easier to increase leftist sympathies under Le Pen
Get off of twitter already! Don't you have a job? Jesus,  I'd get fired if I tweeted on the job or about my job a much as you do.
did your #TrumpdaddyPutin tell u to support his French candidacy like he supported you #FakePOTUS  #TrumpRussia #POTUSPutin
plzzzz plzzzz plzzz plzzz take my advice trump sir plzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Yeah, "interesting" as your cohort is being backed by Putin just like you! 
You did not call Macron on his first round victory over LePem yet ...#justcurious
Thanks for this very precise and relevant analysis if the political situation in France...
Don't talk too early, they might both be great presidents
And none of your God damned business. Focus on your country and YOUR issues!
#yeah and one more is my way or no way!!!!
Hi 
you mean because it was hacked by the russians?
Will Putin win this one. With the European Union in tatters, he can feel even more powerful.
yeah, they kicked out their dumbshit nationalist candidate thereby making France smarter than us.
Praying for LePen
WOW!  you are really up on foreign affairs huh! Birds of a feather, flock together, is all I have to say about that!
Let's hope they have more sense than Americans, although you LOST the popular vote by a LOT.
Your La Pen pal is going to get her tail kicked. Like you should have, if the American people had a modicum of collective sense.

At least France got it right! PS #SallyYatesIsAPatriot #TrumpRussia
Sad but true. #wethepeople will NOT fight for Europe this time. They MUST own their own failures and sins
Another right wing racist running for office in France, I am sure you can relate. #impeach45
If the women wins I'll know that Trump has something to do with this
Yes, they have a fascist, racist like you running.
Very interest criminal arraignment currently taking place in Kentucky. #BasketOfDeplorables 

https://twitter.com/pharris830/status/855899098888589313 …
Mais tg c'est la colère de dieu qui s'abat sur la France y a pas de quoi être content
Selection you meant?
Iindeed
yeah. u support the nazi. fascinating @POTUS
Do you even know what "nazism" is?
Which one of you uneducated minions told you to tweet that
.very interesting how you are still in the Oval Office. #fakepresident
On en a r a foutre de ton avis merci.
Sure is. And in France, the one who gets the majority of the votes, wins.
@BarackObama involved himself in French election. Guess which side.
Yer right. Could be a disaster just like ours!
sir if you are reading this, just take my advice, i,m sure all the Americans will accept all your policies just try me plzz
I know....the female version of you is in the running.
We need National Health care. Regardless  am  with  you..from the start.
You are going to destroy this country. Trump will equal Traitor someday. Nice Legacy.
Yes...   the very existence of France is hanging in the balance
Pls, we are losing faith, deport/no dreamers/no refugees/get wall built/NO WARS, stay away from mdl east and Korea; we need $$ in USA #1.
A whole lot of us are praying for her.
ON DIRAIT UN REQUIN QUI VIENT RENIFLER DU SANG
You and #Putin should know.
A Hatefull RACIST  Man Called a Hatefull RACIST Women to congratulate her to her win
Hey, you want an update on the election in France? 
People are waking up in many countries where the political elitists have been getting praised by the naive left..
