The Impeachment is Imminent!  Thank God!
Houston needs help removing the new insurance law that goes in effect September 1. Can you help us President Trump
Where are they at though? Still thousands needing shelter and help!!!!
By common people's
You're doing a great job!
For the country or Houston? You are an embarrassment to the human race.
This is not a football game.  Show some concern for the first responders and victims of Harvey.  #impeach
Have U or ur family made ANY charitable contributions to the relief effort as yet? I am waiting. Have U urself done ANYTHING to help?

Yes. The fake news has been coving this sir... u can go back to selling books for sheriff and tweeeting last Nov tragic election results now

President Trump: "This is historic. It's epic what happened, but you know what, it happened in Texas and Texas can handle anything." #Harvey 
#Trump steaks for everyone!
Are you lost in the White House again? I'm sure they will find you soon. Just stand still till someone comes for you. #lost #afraid

Please stop deleting my responses. Don't make me incite the 1st with the scrappy in house and he real gross.
Who will rescue America from YOU?
Who will make you open your eyes and see that you can't do anything about him being POTUS?
We can and we are. We're winning. Your president is evil.
I fail to see any coordinated effort.
He tweeted from his fat ass.
No thanks to you
This is a good man He could probably teach you a lot, Mr Trump.
Extraordinary photo shows Harris County Sheriff's deputy rescuing two children from high floodwaters in Cypress, TX http://abcn.ws/2vtJm0s  
Are we talking about the storm or your presidency? Inquiring minds asking!
We know, Gen. Kelly is doing the best he can with what he's got
3,000 troops deployed to Houston. 8,000 to Afghanistan. See a problem with that picture Don? Resign as worst POTUS ever. SAD #impeachTrump
Probably a good thing it's not Puerto Rico.
I have never received a penny from the matrix or any technology, never given my consent,  been Tortured & abused,govt is withholding Justice
Hi Don do not worry about the exact # that Hillary beat you by. I was also wondering what the polls are showing for your approval rate.


When your boy snaps the family asking for an evac

@bwhitehill27 @bells0614 when we had to go find @hashtagEric
HAHAHAHAHAG
Trump bombs US citizens.
Can bearly hold a glass how the hell are you the president 
@NatalieDeaton14 @Rweber97531 after I took that double tequila shot at Black Friar and y’all knew what was about to go down
When your friends send you some sketchy shit about him and you need more details
I used to fuck with you when you ran that show Celebrity Apprentice, but now you make me throw up a little every time I hear your name or see your orange old face.
Do I here an impeachment?
Maybe, if you used the correct form of 'hear'

This gif shows exactly how much progress he has done for the US
...
@rkennedy98 when buddy gets let outside
America needs to be rescued from you
u a reptile
Major rescue operations underway!...
Where? What rescues? What are you referring to?
#FakeNews
What do all these kneelers want.  Are they too lazy.  That what it looks like to me.  My Dallas Cowboys wouldn’t dare take a knee
Love you and God Bless You
I hi
Rosalind Peterson: The Chemtrail Cover-Up https://youtu.be/DTxvWLrUeE8  via @YouTube
I love how you didn’t have the time to even edit out the words over the picture
You think it's just time that's lacking here?
2  BRAIN DEAD  ZOMBIES-DEAR LORD   YOU  PEOPLE  ARE  RAMPANT-ALLOWING  THE  GOVERNMENT  &  U.S  MILITARY  TO  MURDER YOUR  FAMILIES -YET  INSTEAD OF  RESEARCHING  U  WILL  COMPLAIN ABOUT  MY  CARDS - here  is  a card  i use  that  doesnt  "print  over  the picture" - MORONS
What the fuck is he talking about?
人民的好总统
Are you the real president
Keep it going Mr. President Trump and Mrs. 1st Lady!!!! Keep draining the swamp. Love you and your family! 

You mean major massacres underway by FEMA death camps! There are 14 nuclear plants in Florida...has HAARP thought of that??? Have you!!??
Which are not being made by you! They are being made by the CITIZENS.
Merci messieurs le président de toute le regard. Que vous. Faites. A toute les. Personne. Qui soufre
Yep - Operation Rescue Your Presidency is underway, another bad move based on character that you're trying to smooth over
Mr President thank u for staying strong & making it a must congress do its job on DAKA. iI care less what obama says.!!
Great....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
He wants a reward for being a zionist puppet
Thanks very much sir, Mr President, may God continue to bless you
Yes and a lot of them by #DACA
Are you sure there underway?  I hope so. My family lives in Texas.
Red Cross is a ripoff
On Russia? Is that why you are ending DACA?
The liberals started this flood because they are sore losers has nothing to do with global warming, right Donald,
https://twitter.com/LucidHurricaneX/status/902121509786984449 …
Not by you of course
I know they said they could save you but I think it may be too late, St. Peter has taken your name off the role. #soulless #SoulSoldToPutin
Just like your administration, rescuers are under staffed. Thousands will go another night waiting. 
Why do you cut Coast Guard benefits!! See how important they truly are and receive less from you!
Oh good are you leaving?
Then stop tweeting and get wet and go help these people, help pets, help the elderly....you are the worst president in US history!
Oh thank God, impeachment?
Most not done by the government; people organize themselves to get it done; America and its people have always been great, don't need you
Just 35% of adults approve of how Trump is handling the job of president. #ImpeachTrump
What about the children doh? 
How about you write a personal cheque to the victims, Mr. Concerned Billionaire.
Did you appointment  a FEMA director yet?
You haven't done a damn thing yet....
What have you done?
I've donated money, my faculty at school is making hygiene kits and more....what have you done?
Yeah cause deodorant is what they need!! How about some damn food and water songy?
Regular military & outside law and fire organizations need to be called in to assist!! Major catastropheretired Special Agent/veteran
Mishandled so badly by state and feds that rescues mostly by random guys with boats. You act like it's one of those fake reality tv shows.
@ChristiChat Thank you President Trump I'm sure all the people will be helped in the months and years to come!!
Still trying to take credit for other people's work? Those rescues would still happen exactly the same without you existing.
You would ask PR president Xi for protecting Mr Kwok Miles and all the Chinese would appreciate it. @realDonaldTrump @AbeShinzo @KwokMiles
Donald, not so much.
Why the hell are you campaigning for a Hurricane? Stop bragging about how horrible it is!
It's as if you want this to be the worst storm ever in order to make yourself look better!
Joe Biden explains you best....
I can't wait til 2020 (if you last that long), so Joe Biden can destroy you in the General Elections (if the Republicans still want you).
ShariaBlue must pay you well, shill.
트럼프대통령님 존경합니다  대한민국에 정치가 미쳐가는것같습니다
박근혜대통령님을  죽이려고 날띠고있습니다  대한민국 자유한국당 야당대표  홍준표를  공업용 미싱으로 빡빡 박아  본드로 붙여서 버렸으면  합니다 트럼프대통령님 일자무식년을지켜주세요
He must watch the news.
Thanks Mexico !!
You are a man occupied I believe. Donald. Why you are really a great friend of millionaire's. Just your feiwndship they have much money.
You're doing fantastic we are with you! #MAGA
CNN BREAKING TRUMP SPOTTED PULLING BOAT FULL OF CHILDREN IN BUFFALO BAYOU TO SAFETY
Where is FEMA for Texas, people need food and water
Please stay TF out
TY Mr. Pres. & @FLOTUS 4 going to Texas.  Take  from AZ to Texas w/ you, pls. God bless you both! MASafeA MAGA!
Thank you Mr. President for all the support, Our prayers for all Texans. God bless them all 
We need more helicopters and first responders asap!  Trump haters show some love of country donate to the Red Cross
CNN BREAKING TRUMP SEEN LOADING SENIOR CITIZENS ON TO HIS HELICOPTER AND CARRYING THEM TO SAFETY
Hopefully there will be money of FEMA's coffers since @POTUS PIG mad drastic cuts to their budget
He needs the money to play golf & vacation
Too much diet coke today assheil?
Stay Home. We don't want or need you in Houston or Texas. We are a Sanctuary for Victims of Your Hate. You messed up Virginia never Texas 
No Voter I.D: No Wall of Hate: No Racial Profiling: No Trump State ! Texas Prosperity comes from it's Diversity ! STAY HOME !
What kind of friendly and allied you are, the TSK wants from Pakistan, the US has been an obstacle
***Pls have stores in Dallas / Austin w small boats to be loaded on 18 wheeler to go to Houston !Many rescuers ready and willing need boats!
Thanks for the update on things WE ALREADY KNOW. DAMN You're sharp. #IdiotInChief
worst storm in history luckily you have the bestest Pres in history to take sole charge and save the world
Yes & Mexico has men on the ground helping with rescue,delivering food,water.They hear your rhetoric &still help America.U r a laughingstock

No FEMA director, no NOAA director and no head of DHS. Plus an administration filled with cronies and climate change deniers. Going great! https://twitter.com/mfaraino/status/901856188278730752 …
Just build another #TrumpTower for all the evacuees
Analysis: Timeline of Trump’s praise for Putin while Trump Tower Moscow was in the works http://wapo.st/2wWsUJB 
Hopefully the survivors will be rescued quickly. My heart goes out to the victims.
Luv you Man
Yea when you're impeached
Did you send them? Sounds like you're the hero here. But you aren't. Keep yourself out of it, it'll work out without you.
No shit Sherlock. You don't think we're not aware of what's underway. It may come as a surprise, the National Guard are the true heros.
Thank you Mr President
without you, of course!!
is someone finally rescuing all of us from your evil reign? #ImpeachTrump #trumpMustGo #RESIGN #25amendment #mentalillness #RacistTrump
FIRE MARSHALL SAYS 911 WAS A FALSE FLAG MASS MURDER OF AMERICAN PEOPLE
How were your ratings down there in Texas? While the people of Texas suffered. We will not forget. 
SAD!
But didn't you cut FEMA funding? Ok @realDonaldTrump
And his had 635k likes. Still way bigger than yours. #SAD
Great job President Trump. You put together a great team. Harvey was devastating.
He did not do shit! Nothing...
Wrong
You did this before you were President. I feel safe and secure with you in the White House. '
You are a more what mollonaire. Donald. You've much money in really. I have but little not much dollars. I have don't much. Thanks!
Awaiting your newest Tweet.
These people NEED to here from you and gather strength/hope.
Please ignore the haters! We have your back! #maga
Do you want to create modern email signature? Contact me.
Details for visit---
https://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
ur fired
Thanks Mueller! We are with you! #RESIST #ImpeachThatRetardAlready
Trump sir please smash north Korea
THANKS TO YOUR WISE LEADERSHIP. GOD BLESS AND PRAYER WILL BE HEAVY AND MUCH. STAY SAFE! GOD BLESS SWEET MELANIA & YOUR FAMILY, ALSO.
At the oval office? Please say yes.
President Trump its is your time to show the people of America that you love them
LMAO!
Melania should be able to wriggle free soon.
US Northern Command said Thursthe U.S. military deployed more than 6,300 active-duty troops but actually only deployed 1,638 as of 7 am Fri.

Good one...
Really @realDonaldTrump! "Major rescue operations underway!" You tweet & make statements like ur in junior high. U embarrass urself and US.
Yes help them later instead of building your damn wall
For your sanity? Sorry bro lost cause
We need to be rescued from you
Cut the bullshit! You have nothing to do with it!
Who's going to rescue @POTUS from #MuellerTime? “I will get Putin on this program and we will get Donald elected,” Mr. Sater wrote...So SAD!
Pulling for the Texas from here in Nashville. But I do hope there's also a major rescue underway to save us from you.
Oh no! Best President Ever!!
Good job. Think the Dems should pass people you requested to help with Fema, etc. for example.  Shame of them...Put Temps In.
Mr. Pres The Democratic Party does not care about us because they did not put in people for necessary jobs to run our country. Harvey Mess..


Are you resigning?

Thank God #MAGA and leave the White House @realDonaldTrump helicopter him out!! 
<3 Texas
