Troll-in-Chief ...it's the only thing you do well ...aside from support racism and sexually harass women, of course.
Dude u should try being president #WhatAWaste
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @guardian
Wrong again, Chump.
FU doni. NOT AN ESPN FAN, BUT I AM NOW
ESPN officially sucks it's true! Not watching that rag anymore 
#ESPN #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFLSponsors #tcot 
Sources: ESPN heading for more painful layoffs
http://www.sportingnews.com/other-sports/news/espn-layoffs-latest-news-rumors-firings-mike-greenberg-golic-scott-van-pelt-svp-jemele-hill/1js74yxvu7l0wz8g26kdwl7nd …
You are a fool.  Streaming services have done more to impact broadcast TV than anything else.  The only reason @FoxNews does OK is because their viewers are too dumb/old to know how to use streaming.
For a guy who’s told 1,318 lies in 263 days, you wouldn’t know the truth if it hit you in your orange pie hole
And your profile says you are courteous hmmmm
why do u contunue to demonize American businesses?
mr trump I did vote for you but I wish
you would not tell every move you make or fire back at people that judge you or piss you off it’s not safe and who cares what they say I don’t
expecting narcissist and psychopath to apologize is like expecting the Sun not to rise tomorrow morning
You’re awful 
You’re awful 
and for canceling @barstoolvantalk
Love you President Trump!!#TRUMP2020
ESPN just stupid,AMERICA is our present,future,WAKE upo
Lol you demand an apology. You said you would release your taxes but now you are not. How about you apologize for lying to my face.
you were quoted in an article by @USATODAY
You are absolutely right. I am an African American, and wrong is just wrong.. Most of these antics are back by democrats
Natural disasters across the U.S. and its territories, nation still recovering from the WORST mass shooting in modern history but ESPN!

You want someone fired for calling you a white supremacist? That's got to be a dictionary-sized list...
they don't care about americans. So sad.
naw son America is paying a big price for your bad politics and incompetence, but hey thats what we get huh
we hate you
Too much black racism in USA
DO U HAVE TO DESTROY EVERYTHING? Don’t U realize that takes it away from U too? Oh, forgot your revenge ethic. Donnie didn’t get his team.
When is the last time you apologized for anything? Obama birth certificate? Central Park 5? ESPN owes you no apologies at all.
@realDonaldTrump you say this about every station you don't like. Blah blah blah you are so predictable and boring with this.
ESPN turned into left the swamp politics,sad


#SupportKurdistan
Blow it out your posterior, that's arse to you donnie.
"Apologise for untruth" 

Never watched stupid channel
Fans give athletes the "stage" to allow them to show off their athletic skills, not their political views. Sports are an escape frm politics
What is real about Donald Trump. Who knows? What a mess! Embarrassment to our country. Get real Donald. Do your job! Celebrity Apprentice.
You a joke

Dumped the NFL, Holliweird. late night TV. No SNL, Never CNN or MSM. No journos. No MTP ever again. TY @POTUS 4 clarity
Finally.
Trump is the un truth!

Hey Lebron James, what you are saying and when you athletes kneel while our national anthems being sung is divisive, Understand you bum? 
Low poll numbers for the dump, loving it
You're energizing the opposition, bigly! Keep it up!
You apologize.  That's a lie!
He has NEVER apologize for anything and he never will. It takes character to admit you are wrong. He has NONE!
Your such a big embarrassment and I voted for you. Get it together and run America to be Great Again
Amen to that!!!
More Bull Shit
You just apologized for lying because you know you just made that up lmao
Take your bipolar butt to bed. Late nite tweets keep you up all night. Where is you wife? # CUDDLE
Why with this a multi day rant. But when t came to white supremacists it was like pulling teeth to say something small?
What do you expect from an ignorant president....
Ichxsdsc
Zisxxxxkzxuozzzziszxzdzxixixzouxd
 now now…no more tantrums
No ESPN is not paying a big price. You need to apologize to all of the SOB'S. Mueller is going to make sure Congress will FIRE you.
fake news
This is the same effect you're getting from the American people towards what was thought to be a representative government.
for the people you work for Donnie. We are not as ignorant as you hope (2/2)
what she said was TRUE. and people have been dumping cable in general for a while now. You need to have more respect (1/2)

Untruth???????? YOU CAN NOT BE SERIOUS SIR!!!!!
whining again cuz nobody likes u? Don, u 10 time loser. Resign. U have no clue what your doing. Sad.
Good by Football 2017 so sadNo Flag No Football
I'm so tired of Americans disrespecting my Country.  Say no to NFL disrespect!!!!
Why turn everything to race... some things are just wrong!!!!
#worstPresidentinHistory
Who’s dumping Espn trumpito?  #WRONGAAAAA.  #trumpito
More #FAKENEWS from the WORST...SORRIEST excuse for a President EVER!
Not sure which of your innumerable offenses it's for, but...your apology is accepted. 
So-- one apology down, about 7billion yet to go...
You first!!! You're paying a really big price for the many "untruths" you've told! Look at your ratings, many people are dumping you. Sad!
You Mr President is a prime example of a "School Yard Bully"
PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP 
WHO IS ROBERT SLOOP? I CAN TRUST HIM?!!!
Ur getting confused with ur base and the sliding numbers! #demnmentia



Just wondering I would like to know if American flags sales are up because I'm sure seeing a lot more of them
I couldn't even watch the @espn NFL pre game show without hearing the sportscasters shilling for the Left.I tune in to watch sports talk!
I don't think so you big baby wa wa
Agree with you @realDonaldTrump we stopped paying for ESPN!!! I don't even want the base package of DTV if it includes ESPN.
Remember, ESPN gave award for courage to Mr. Caitlyn Jennings.  The Left can't help injecting politics into everything--even sports!
They should apologize when you apologize for your "untruths".  Which may be in the 4 digit territory.
I have canceled ESPN
This country is paying a really big price getting stuck with a president who shouldn't be in power.
This household has boycotted ESPN.
Really. Got numbers to back it up?  Nope.
Im boycotting the NFL this season until the NFL's racial injustice against Colin Kaepernick is ended & HIS CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS R RESPECTED
Laws need to be made supporting allowable places for protest.
Government needs to stay out of sports period!
Sports needs to sit out or fire protesters. This is not the time nor place for protesting!
No politics! No protesting! Not on Football field. This is sports! The other things have there place elsewhere plain and simple!!
You go first!
No respect... TURN IFF NFL. Self sabotage
Because you're bullshit. Ya hear about The Ravens & Jags today, LMAO. You're gonna be fired. Mr. P got your number...
Quit picking on everyone that might not agree w you and do your job.
Orby, you tell ‘45’, he’s a totally inept leader that is not and never will be ready for the office and the responsibility.  All the Best !
Aside from attacking a private citizen the words spoken were true.  Such fine people
Nothing but Anti Americas folks they hate the flag
The American people's reject the NFL's disrespect.
Just because we have a right to disrespect this great land does not make it right to do so... boycott NFL until they get it right!!!
She was absolutely right. You are a white supremacist.
Who still watches espn?
#boycottespn
After you BOZO. You have a lot of apologizing to do.
you are deplorable.
At least you're apologizing for telling untruth. Thank you!
IT IS THE TRUTH
Hahahahahahahahaha. Powerless asshat.
wrong again Chump!  Grow up!  Be a man!
Yet ANOTHER lie!!!
itmfa
I'm a Vet,widow of a vet,daughter of a vet,my grandsons' brother gave his life 4 America. I stand with Kaepernick  #TakeAKnee  #TrumpIsUnfit
Why do you look like you need to poop in your profile pic? Asking for a friend
ummm NO! USA is paying a really big price having you as President! You're losing supports in record numbers! #RESIGN LOSER!
where do you get your statistics, old man?
People are dumping you even faster.
Why doesn't @FLOTUS teach her husband about #AntiBullying?
OK ....You as #POTUS set the example and apologize for all of your "Untruths"
YOU FIRST!!
You treat everything else but you won't tweet I follow Jesus Christ will you
Donald Trump I want you to treat right now that I follow Jesus Christ
In fact Donald Trump are you a Christian can you tweet right now that I'm a True Believer Christ
When I get biblical truth you take the post down that doesn't look very Christian to me Trump or whoever's running this
You Republicans are supposed to be the party of Jesus but yet when
You taking down my post about Jesus only solidifies that you are not Christian
Do you think Jesus would have a problem with Colin Kaepernick stand sitting down
Jesus love everyone and you hate black people for some reason
Jesus loves and you hate
You want to keep taking down my post because I'm telling the truth Jesus loved you hate
You are not Christians
Jesus had sympathy and empathy For All Mankind you Republicans show no sympathy or empathy for any other race

To be like him. Empathize and sympathize with each other like he did with us. You Republicans don't follow Jeaus.  That's all
You and and your supporters are not Christian. As I'm. Jesus had empthay and sympathy for mankind that's why he died for us and told us
True racist. I don't understand how you and your supporters can have so little empathy for another race. If nothing else I know for sure
I didn't want to think you were a racist. I really didnt. But you and those who suppose you have shown me that yes you are a  pure and
But a black sitting quilty during the beginning of a game to protest police killing innocent men. That you hate.
No one had a issue with Jesse Owens beating. the  German in the Olypimcs. Or Jacky Robinson bring up race in the MLB
The news isn't fake you are.
Shut up
He'll yeah. Preach it boss

Do not think so sccrewball
Hot air and rhetoric does not make it true.  Include a bibliography with all future Tweets.
You _are_ thirteen, aren't you?
ESPN your Politically Incorrect
Did you say something about an untruth, Shitler? You are the biggest liar, fake news making, Russian loving traitor in this country.
You need to stick to your lack of knowledge of politics cause obviously this country is being run into the ground like the USFL  crooked don
Nope stupid, I'd rather dump Trump.
Just signed on to ESPN...
Remember when you sued the NFL, won $1, and then folded the New Jersey Generals and the USFL?
be  More forceful
Record #s?
ESPN is a sports channel
So Not True! They are loved more than ever! Grow up and stop lying!SAD!
Record numbers? How many records can you set in 1 day? You have no credibility at all, a friend
Wow the King of Wishful Thinking.  Nobody believes your fake claims any more.  You have cried Wolf too many times, liar. Tick tock.
