Lowest income - no help
Middle income - bare minimum of help
Richest people - millions more in their pocket.

>50% goes to richest 1%
SAD!
big tax cuts and infrastructure spending = more big budget deficits.
I Have Graduate Level Economics With Straight A Average & WE NEED NEW INFRASTRUCTURE to Attract New Factories & Millions of Jobs = Taxpayers
With American workers? Or more imported cheap labor?
Of course we need american workers. Too bad they wont do that work that migrant workers do. But yet complain there r no jobs.
That's a fallacy. Americans used to do those jobs before cheap labor made it on the scene. They aren't so cheap anymore r they? Freeloaders
And with all the millions of jobs trump created, are they working now? Either get qualified or take a job that pays less.
Just like your lies about how well Puerto Rico is doing, your Tax plan only helps the filthy rich.
Marveolous
Tax cuts are for the rich
Not watching NFL!
Cant wait to watch the Sunday games.
Me too!  And I don't even like football 
I guess we'll see....
The winch of all winches!!
I'm poor by general standards, but choking businesses with so many taxes they can't grow can't be good for the economy
@KellyannePolls  hasn't told the truth yet, why would she start now?
How about Puerto Rico? How many are going to die before he (Trump) is finished getting even for Wall Street and the filth that lives there?
And the poor people ?? Fuck them ??? Bunch of scumbags are all those who protect trump traitors !!!!!!
these two are high on crack. smiling and lying all the way to the bank. 
THE-ART-OF-LIE. just say NO!
What about the hardworking lower class? Screw them! You suck! All I see is you and your rich buddies getting richer!
Blabity blah blah trump Blabity blah blah democrats Blabity blah blah Blabity blah blah agenda I'm clueless Blabity blah blah Blabity blah!
Lou Dobbs didn’t he use to be a real journalist. This was before he sucked up the Trump aura. Trickle down economics you are peddling junk.
More lies! You and your family will!
What a bunch of crap!
I consider myself upper middle class-not winning at all- Obamacare repeal fail-NOW what looks like tax increase for me. $$ to illegals up
Spot on!
What is spot on?
MNVR's comment.
What $$ to illegals up?  3 cabinet members have spent 10 yrs worth of their salary in the past 4 months on private planes w/ tax payer $$.
drop in bucket compared to Obama admin expense on planes- However- all of it must end. Not one or the other- ALL of it
Really , because of their jobs, these officials were required to take government planes for security and communications purposes.
This is not an argument you can win- the wholesale waste/abuse of tax$$ throughout Obama admin still being tallied.Not playing this game.
Where does an old man fall? If I'm 15% and no state deduction it's tax raise. If I'm 25 % it's a tax raise. Where is my tax relief?
Ur relief was viven 2 an illegal or a refujihadist instead. It is what our anti American Congress does.
So you don't have an answer? Just finger pointing?
Blocking libtard bots is always a pleasure. Your moniker says it all. Bye bye
WHY is this being INCREASED and NOT fixed w/exec order-Child tax credit for ILLEGALS details sickening:
Exactly right. Illegals still get there perks while Americans struggle.
Yeah, because illegals totally don't have it about 10 times harder than US citizens...
Because you love to shit all over people who can't fight back, is why.
Americans are dying in Puerto Rico. Screw your tax cut for the wealthy.
What are they calling middle class? 7 states have no tax.If someone works and owns a house-LOSES real estate tax deduction too-INCREASES TAX
Except they won't.
And that's a lie
And it adds 1.5 trillion to the debt how do we pay for that? Oh I know more taxes on the working class go to hell
Retweeting crazy people & liars is not helping you.  You have FAILED miserably with Puerto Rico.  #Resign
OFFS!!! You ppl don't know how to tell the truth!!
Lou Dobbs must be getting paid to say this. We know it's not true.

https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/9/29/16384274/big-six-tax-reform-congress-trump-tax-policy-center …

The left are liars no prez dealt with 3 hurricanes within 30-40 days but Trump. What a great president we have
Let us not forget when the tropical depression hit New Orleans Obama played golf, while trump was helping before he was even prez

You are all going down justice will prevail. #TrumpRussia #PutinsPuppet
Shame on Lou Dobbs...supporting tax reform that kills lower class. How much will your business benefit?
Of course, @POTUS doing an AMAZING job despite the opposition including the lib MSM.
How does removing the estate tax help the middle class? Thx.

Wealthy, not middle class, would be big winners in GOP tax plan, study says http://politi.co/2xHGXkl  
Not true!


$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.
Tell the truth!!!!
Would love to know what is being deleted.  Maybe how we all feel??
WHY HAVEN'T YOU RELEASED YOUR TAXES??
Wrong

This is who the "resistance" consider their "go to" Senators! 

Lou Dobbs & Kellyanne are morons
I thought she was fired?
By middle class you must mean millionaires and billionaires.
Read the details America.  Lou, Trump & the GOP have some ocean front property to sell you in Arizona
This is not Truth we wand Our President Trump Agenda. We want every single one for all the Republicans Congress and all Republicans Senators to Pass Our President Trump Agenda
How?. No one has ever seen a plan, but we have seen 10 months of failures and broken promises. Stop striking out with them Lou.
Lou, how can you possibly allow this brainwashing of the lower and middle class? this isn't going to help them! They tried this with Reagan.
And w #Bush! See where that got us.
The e tra money returned to us really helped with my bills in06-07 and really needed it from Obama but things only got worse when he got in.
What? Maybe u don't remember that the country was in free fall--#Obama saved it--hello!
Dobbs  supports Trump because he is GREEDY OLD PEOPLE - GOP.
Mnuchin just admitted that the estate tax cut will benefit solely the wealthy. which is true but not a common acknowledgement.
C corporations should all be made pass-thru entities!  @POTUS @GOP have currently increased the benefit of being an S-Corporate by 50%!
Trump$ will benefit, no doubts there.
Talk about delusion and #fakenews! This tax plan is a pile of dog shit, like @POTUS and his mobster family.
#peepeegate #goldenshowers
Another load of bullshit about the corporate welfare, disguised as tax reform. We aren't buying it. Keep running the lies, show your colors
Liar.
And the tooth fairy is real also.


@GOP  The tax teform plan silent on real estate depreciation & exchanges.ELIMINATING WILL KILL POP INVESTORS/RETIRED RENTS SKYROCKET! STOP!
Pay back your seat on chartered jet kelleyann Conway. You're a millionaire now.
Big tax giveaway to the super rich that is not paid for. It’s that simple
Lou, you were so much better on the other network. I missed when you were more in the middle, what happened?
Thus is interestingly massive
Good god the crypt keeper lying her ass off again....someone tell her to go back under rock and take cheeto boy with you!!
How is giving 79.9% of the tax cut benefits to the 1% fair?
Sayeth the Fox propaganda machine.

Who gives a fuck. People are dying in Puerto Rico and POTUS is golfing. You people are all shameful. The world is watching.
Alternative facts & lies from Russia don't count.  Kel has been listening to her microwave.
liar
Slime finds a way to continue growing.

Lou Dobbs & Kellyanne ConJob - what a pair of liars.  on . both. Eat 

Bullshit. We're going to drown like we did in the 80's when y'all first tried this "trickle down" bs that FAILED MISERABLY!
In order to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain we have to #FireRyan and #VoteOutTheRINOs #BuildThatWall #EndDACAnow and #VoteOutAllTheDemocrats
Lou Dobbs One of the rich who knows that the middle class low income are going to have their taxes raids to pay for their greed
Total, unadulterated, 100% bullshit.  Do you think these are fucking magic calculations that we can't do compared to our current taxes?
Years ago I used to think Lou Dobbs was a bright guy. How wrong I was. Just an ignorant hack.

https://youtu.be/oOAVV9dOqxI 
No one believes this. No one.
Historic how?? Giving to those that already get too much?

@realDonaldTrump The only *trickle-down* will be going to wealthy Americans...note: #Trump #TrumpCrimeFamily #renovateakitchen
#COMPLETE RIGHT WING LIES

Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
That is not true, the only people that benefit are the rich...
not true, scrooge mcduck and monopoly man benefit most
Thank god Mr. President that you are listening to Lou, Sean and Newt but what is up with Jeff Sessions?

EXACT SAME TAX PLAN TESTED FOR 5 YRS IN KANSAS-IT TUINED THEIR ECONOMY!!
#TrumpLies. Have you actually gone through the proposal?

Hope so, but doubt it

Come on the tax cuts are for only the rich, not everyone is studip
#fakenews #pantsonfire
A coven of liars! All you need is to add Larry Kudlow and the idiot council would be complete. And of course the Kochs and Mercers!

No they won't. Proposal is a real turd!

Bull.
Lies.
Complete fucking lies.
No you lier only you and your millionaire BFFs are the ones who will benefit. Leaving a gaping hole in our budget. SOB's.
"The president gets an A+"???  Really???   For what reason?????  From whom???????
In a pig's eye!
#TrumpTaxScam  #MAGA @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist 
#GETOUT
You were on Fox news biggest enemy, CNN for oh.., A million years. You're a totally credible guy for a pathological liar. , but stay 
BRUH POLITICS I PREFER ME SOME POLI-DICKS
Lies
The economists are saying it's the upper class and businesses that benefit but what would they know about numbers?
These people who get all obscene from haven't successfully run a dam thing in their lives. Just Takers
Why don't you try saying it with a straight face.
#BackToTheBasement
#Liar
That stupid woman is wearing her dress backwards. Just sayin'.
BULLSHIT ALARM!

Puerto Rico needs MORE HELP NOW!

#illegitimatePresident
#ImpeachTrump 
#RussiaGate
The very wealthy will benefit-others, not so much
More voodoo economic BS. Every time you want to help the rich pretend it helps middle class!
Pure lie - cutting property tax exemption except for big businesses - do u know the middle class?
Combo of @foxandfriends and @KellyannePolls = bull sh!t even @neiltyson can't begin to comprehend.
Anyone can fact check this.  Ali Velshi did and found it wanting and benefiting the rich.

Yeah, except for this is a total flat out lie, as non-partisan sources have evaluated
Bill Maher is a douchebag
We know the truth. All you people do is lie. Your all swamp dwellers.
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
You gigantic lying windbag.
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @POTUS liar Lou
Stop lying to the American people!
This Tax Reform would only be acceptable to Donald if his Tax Audits he talked about were completed. Now that there finished he would know a head of time how much money he is saving.
Trickle down doesn't work. If it did the Waltons associates (EMPLOYEES) wouldn't qualify for govt assistance.
Simply a bare faced lie.
KellyAnne do the math. You owe the people 51,000 if Price does so do you. Weren’t you on the plane.
Lies, Lies and more Lies
Fake News! 
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @POTUS No, they won't.
This is a lie
False.
How ignorant do you people really think the American public is anyway? This is all smoke and mirrors for the tax cuts for the rich.
Not if the my live in ny
YAY more #alternativefacts
crazy bipolar bi_ch yikes why is she even on???

BS!!! You eill benefit being rich but they are litterly taking from the middle class(again) and giving to the rich.
Nobody will benefit as much from Trump's tax reform as the filthy rich.

Fox News entertainment, makes me laugh with there Comedy ! I think we’re all stupid and believe what they’re saying!fake news!
Yeah. Trickle down economics worked so well in the past. 
80% to the top 1%.
The rich eat the meal, the rest get to eat the scraps.
That is a lie! Or as our prez says FAKE NEWS!!!
What the f did she actually say ?????
Tax cut will NOT pay for itself. Middle will get $60 dollars or $660 dollars a year. Divide that into 365. Oh taxes will come out.

He's not gonna do badly with that either greedy SonOfaBitch
Nice acting you two.  "Bubbling up from the bottom".  Sounds swamp like.  Methane gas maybe. Stinks like $h!t. Doesn't pass the sniff test.

No, we won't.
COMPLETE BULLSHIT!
Nobody is asking for tax cuts. The top do not need more dollars. They need to pay more on taxes.
That's not true at all! How can you blatantly lie to people?
Only the most wealthy will benefit from this bill you are just blatantly lying to us again!
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @POTUS BEAVIS!!!!!
