They turned down the offer of help because they'd already had it taken care of, by Crowdstrike. You should worry about your own insecurity.
Or they had illegal activity on their computer
#fakenews
We all know why POTUS, they had more illegal information on those servers, that's plain & simple! They didn't want law enforcement to know!
Same reason they'd fire the law enforcement people investigating them, dirty criminals!
Exactly my friend! J
IT will Land Back in The Laps of the Dem's Laps and Lead to HILLARY CLINTON'S UNSECURED EMAIL'S HACKED !
Putin has admitted his involvement! How can you Trump supporters be so nuts.HE ADMITTED IT!!!

Osvaldo is a bot.
Why are you responding to something written in June?
1.  Why do you care?  2.  Is there a time limit? 3.  It was retweeted.  4. Who died and left you in charge?
1. Did I trigger you? 2. Are you a child? 3. Do you always get personally offended by people’s questions? 4. It’s my twitter account, so I am in charge. 
The appropriate action would have been to simply remove me from the thread 
Rude remarks tend to trigger...BTW, you appear triggered....
No hoax Mr President you are just feeling the heat
Bot…check out the profile, then block.
when the servers are turned over, the treason of the dems will be exposed...RAID crowdstrike and recover evidence
Are you fucking serious? How long are you going to deny the obvious?
You are headed to prison - that is where Russian plants belong.
You are delusional
Why did you lose the popular vote? SAD!
Says Liar-in-Chief
Honestly, why are there so many photos of @IvankaTrump posing/ gazing with a vacant stare at one meeting after another?
Can we get President Bannon to issue a statement on the new GOP death panels?
Distract detract distract detract.  You should have been a children's Birthday party magician.
Amen
The republicans want Pence as president.
And some liberal Hocus Pocus
You're embarrassing yourself.
No, the hoax is on us. You sitting where you are, and Ivanka playing the role of an elected policy maker/legislator.
tell me lies tell me sweet lies
They were feeding the Russians maybe?  Give them no wiggle-room Mr President!
Speaking of HOAXES, how you doing?  #MAGA #FakeNews #ComeyTestimony #ReleaseYourTaxes #sosad #impeach
3/..brand will mean very little in the US after people are made aware of how much u conned them. People won't be going 2 your hotels & .....
Exactly! 
You wish this was true, but the fact say otherwise and your lies and the lies of your minions make it seem as if you're hiding something.
I agree with Twittler. The DNC and Clinton committed treason and interfered with our democratic process. DJT, HRC and DWS should be jailed.
Did you ask Coats and Rogers to push back on Russia investigation? Why? What have you got to hide? You're a HOAX. Not real president. #fail
Somebody is scared!
Almost like he knows if the investigation continues he's gonna get caught!
Anyway, the president knows there is a there there, has tried to cover it up, and will almost certainly get caught for the latter
And because nothing matters, no one will care.
GETTING A LITTLE NERVOUS ARE WE, tRUMP?
The only hoax is that you became Pres !   #illegitimate
ARE YOU THE @POTUS OF THE USA OR #RUSSIA? YOU R NOT PROTECTING US! WHAT KIND OF PRESIDENT R U??
Totally.
Don't you have a day job that needs attending to? Jesus Man! Grow up!
We meddle in other countries elections too The "Russian Concussion" is a ruse to hide Clinton & DNC corruption! No collusion no obstruction
Why do you think it's a hoax? Do 99% of scientists agree about it or something?
Fake news
The swamp is filled with liars and thieves! We believe in you Mr. President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
When you resign, your other children can be freed from having to defend your demented self and just continue in Beavis & Butthead 2.0 bliss
Resign, what a joke, you will be revering this man for 7.5 more years. You don't believe it, but it will happen.. this president is a winner
He's also an obese old man, a shuffling heart attack waiting to happen.
Stop shaming him, criticise his policies not his body or appearance, he is a human being just like you. Absolutely shameful.
He's spent his entire life shaming and criticizing women. Time he took what he's been dishing out. If he can't take it, he can always resign
Yes, a hoax like climate change. In Iowa you blasted wind power. Iowa has the most wind turbines as any state. Read a fucking book.
If it's all “a big Dem HOAX!” then what was "Birtherism"? “a big Donald Trump HOAX?”
"Big Donald hoax" is too broad a term. This term might include and not limited to things like:

Trump University 
Painting of himself bought with charity money.
Mexico will pay for it
I hire the best people
The central park 5 
Russian real estate deals
Crowd sizes 
Hand sizes
No hoax.  You lie. Your tweet is a big trump HOAX!  Such a baby!
#Squirrel
Of course it's a hoax.
People (DNC) who have nothing to hide, hide nothing.
Not only running a crooked campaign (debate questions given to HRC). How bad did DNC really screw Bernie?
Once and for all the crimes against the Clinton family need to be fully investigated. The Swamp as protected her for years.
Hillary is the one who started the "Russian Conspiracy Theory" The Deep State and all libs right behind her.
And the rest the world. You forgot the rest of the entire world.
Very good question?
Bot… Check out the profile, then block.
A highly respected Congressman just -- correctly -- called you a liar ;-)
Any rational person who has seen the classified information, as I have, knows @POTUS is lying when he calls Russian interference a hoax. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/877889199353077760 …
Every time a conservative says "libtard" an angel gets an abortion!
Go have a diet Coke and we'll tell you when you can start packing your bags.
You're full of questions for everybody except yourself. What are you hiding? You have a lot to be accountable for. Go ahead, you start.
Running off the rails, dude.
You are the hoax #FakePresident
Hoax?
Why did you and your band of thieves accept help from the Russians?
Time to remove Trump from office.  Vote to remove those that are his useful idiots.
Because McConnell blocked it you fucking moron.
Go play golf
Agree
Bot… Check out the profile, then block.
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's...
Of note, The Repubs at least knew enough to protect their network; wait the Dumbocrats know enough, too.  What if Dumbo computer-hack was all just an attempt to CYAsses?
Anyone who puts their faith in the Democrips Rebloodicans has is "brain dead".
Bot… Check out the profile, then block.
Sounds like someone is getting nervous.
No it doesn't
This is why he is doing campaign rallies to feed his fragile ego .....running scared 
Yes it is. Mr. President many people like you and voted for you. I'm concerned about losing Medicaid coverage for myself and many others.
We can't afford to pay for healthcare for all these expensive old people.
Ha ha
You're a big liar
You are trying to distract from the repeal bill that violates every health care promise you made during the campaign. Not working.
Trump is not blessed by God. He is evil.
Bully talk about something. Childish talk. Your 71 years old and should know better. Be a leader and not a child please
Want 2 take U serious Want 2 believe U Stories chg daily 320 mil ct on U Feels as if U R playing with us. Why? #Americans #GOP #DEMS #TRUMPS
Idiot
No.  You the big hoax.  Go away, PLEASE!
Nope.
Because they are corrupt as hell !
Why are you constantly pitting Americans against one another? Your #1job is to unite and lead the citizens of this great nation
DNC was hiding something.
And let's all put our tin hats on again.
Obama was Spying but it didn't work they cheated they FAILED
Forever known as Trumpcare.
pls sir i request...
...... u join din Islam ..........
This must be what going insane feels like.
It's because they are trying to hide their wrong doings
Ask yourself if you have nothing to do with Russians,Putin meant you in that asylum to comey hahahaha.
Worry about yourself babyhands!
If you had nothing to do w/ Russia's hacking, why aren't you outraged about it? It's ok with you that Russian spies infiltrated our system?
Calling it a "hoax" makes you look guilty. The FBI, CIA, the House, the Senate, even your own AG - all say Russian hacking is a FACT.
God we hate the Dems! Never seen such demonic beings in our life. With plots, violence, destruction in their evil head. 
Which "people".. can't be Trump n supporters who want to take food n med care from little children.
What is wrong with you?  Are you THAT mentally ill??
So, are you saying they faked this IN ADVANCE so it would cause her to lose?
AG should open an investigation,  Democrats have done some really bad things and are getting away with it....
Putin rigged the election so you would win. We are all still shocked. You are NOT the President #impostorpresident
Your voters deserve your health care bill and the wall street interests you hired. You r cutting the very programs they need. Stupidity?
... why you talk so much nonsens?
Obomma is a mole
Your presidency is the biggest hoax ever.
Mr Pres I beg your admin to appoint a speciql council to investigate the dnc, Clinton and the 5 questionable murders associated with electio
why did you LIE about not wanting Medicade and Medicare touched during your campaign and now support destroying both
Why did you think it was wise to totally treat your voters like they're imbeciles- oh, right...
Ted Lieu who I respect enormously has called you a liar. I think he is right!
They obviously have something pretty big to hide in that computer if they're willing to let hack happen & not let DHS help stop it.
they're waiting for you to turn over your tax returns - YOU PROMISED...friggin' a$$hat.
words like hoax, witch hunt, fake, crooked are coming out of your mouth which usually says your speaking of yourself!
Because the Senate #TrumpCare bill is mean?
The truth is coming for you. I know you can feel it getting closer. In the end, your own base will drag you from the WH., Screaming!
Not if I get there first.
Hehehe!  Yes, please.
Flip you for it
There's no need to fight. We can *share* like good people do 

Because you were not forthcoming with your money laundering crimes. #CrimeBossTrump | @DonaldJTrumpJr
Perhaps if the DHS had done more than just leave a voicemail with an entry-level tech support employee.

Everything would have been fine if Hillary had won, BUT surprise! America saw through the Dems lies and elected an America-first president!
Sunday

True, but beyond "hoax", which we know you can't say right now

#TrumpRussia has backfired on Dems, but hopefully results in justice
too much #pedogate references
GOP Grassley says they HAVE to investigate you! But he has ethics..you???
Your the hoax
Let's see what's in the DNC server and we will know if there is truth to Russia hacking.
Maybe because they felt Russia was going to help Hillary to win. She had more business (uranium) with them than Trump. Just a guess. 
They didn't want anyone to see thei records
Хороший рабочий товарищ, деньги находятся на своем обычном месте. Любовь vlad
I hope there is a hell.
So 17 DIFFERENT intelligence agencies and hundreds of agents are MAKING THIS ALL UP?
You are the hoax, crazy old man.
because Hillary had the real server in the bathroom closet! That one was wiped clean before the FBI got it,lawyersemails
Why is everything you disagree with a hoax or fake news? #ImpeachTrump
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
a hoax? Again you're saying 17 of OUR intelligence agencies know nothing and you know everything, just stop it!
Everything about the Liberal Socialist Progressive Communist Democrat party is fraudulent! Crying Chucky and his Comrades are laughable!
amen
Lying Trump lied about saving Carrier jobs! 600jobs lost!! #BLOTUS
You need a check up from the neck up!
The only Hoax is YOU! #fakeleader #childdictator #theemporerhasnoclothes
These people are not Dems. 17 IC agencies: https://www.us-cert.gov/sites/default/files/publications/JAR_16-20296A_GRIZZLY%20STEPPE-2016-1229.pdf …
Trump never read this
Wouldn't get past 1st Page
Would track 
Wouldn't do squat
Great question..but you know that no one will answer this! Stay strong! You are WINNING!We love it & God bless you weekend!
Has anyone ever told you that your mouth looks like an anus?  Just like an anus, defecation (of words) spews from it. #Fraudlikeyourdaddy
#goldendoodle are you really this stupid..lol some of your promises here lately I've got to question your mentality..that will never happen
They have eight years of secrets, deceptions, shananigans, crimes and lies to worry about and to protect. That's why.
If they allowed DHS to protect their servers from hacking perhaps their screwing of Bernie would have been uncovered!
Nice attempt at deflection. Not buying it. I'm not rich, and I'm not stupid!!
Russian 2016 election interference under whose watch?  Obama, Lynch, Comey, Clapper, Brennan, Rice!  THEY are responsible NOT TRUMP!
you're the real hoax
Donnie, we talked about trying to use words with more than four letters, didn't we? (holds up 4 fingers) Yes,  THIS many!
.......so Dems go ahead and energize us some more. 
you are soooo in over your head. what an embarrassment. really - get out!
So it is Donald.
Why did you ask Russia to hack Hillary's emails?
Your presidency is a HOAX
No wonder we cant call you a PRESIDENT the whole country tells you, the @FBI , the @CIA that we were hacked & yet you DONT cause you r smart
THE EVIDENCE FROM MULTI-INVESTIGATIONS OF MANY DIFFERENT CRIMES WILL TELL ALL! THIS IS A BROAD INVESTIGATION THAT GOES BACK YEARS +YEARS!
I WILL GO AHEAD and TELL YOU THIS= WHEN GOP GETS WHAT THEY WANT, THEY PLAN TO CUT YOU LOOSE!  IT IS ALREADY IN THE WORKS! PRIVATE TALK
You know we all love you president Trump. Maybe not all but most and very deeply.
The liberal are wasting so much time that could be better spent on more substantive issues.
why is Putin's cock so deep down your throat?
We know Mr President you have more supporters praying for you than you know.
Why did red states and Republicans in the US Congress scoff at offers of assistance from the Obama administration to address the hacking?
Act Presidential or resign and let  Pence become the POTUS! At least he behaves Presidential. You at like a Drama Queen. SAD!
Why can't you act like a President?   Your rhetoric is divisive
why are you such a poor person that has to try throw tantrums on twitter every night?
shut up!
How true!
Do you ever listen to yourself. YOU are the great divider....are you proud, you slimy slither.io g snake?!!!
Liar. How do you sleep at night?
keep trying but it is NOT going away!! Blame blame blame all but yourself and it still won't go away!!! lolol Such a little boy.
