Ps, she was the one shopping after Katrina, not Michelle O.
Yet only a few days ago, dear little thick racist @TrumpResponders couldn't tell her Condi from her Michelle! #LOLatTheThickocracy

Too bad you mistook Condi for Michelle Obama...and did not know Obama was not president during Katrina.  History class might be in order.
She's probably a twitter bot, but yes.
Wait! Is this Michelle Obama after she went shopping?
Wait isn't that Michelle Obama??
Condi, a good pianist and a great shopper.
According to you, this is @MichelleObama
Hey @TrumpResponders! It's that same lady in the Katrina 3 day tweet you sent out!  The same Condi Rice that you thought was Michelle Obama.
No wait, that's Michelle Obama!!! Hahahahahahahaha nope.
so you DO know what she looks like?
Surprised me, because I always liked, Condi. She too, is in the Bilderberg Group.
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA https://t.co/ZuriIC3Yw...
All you folks sure this isn't Michelle Obama? asking for a friend. Yours is TOTALLY a bot account too btw. #faketweets
How sad she went on a shopping spree 3 days after Katrina. Still a great American.
You meant Michelle Obama?
So you do know who Condoleezza Rice is. You didn't know when you posted this photo.
But...three days after Katrina....
Wait a minute. Isn't that the woman you accused of shopping after hurricane Katrina
Who was the black lady shopping in NYC during Katrina, you deplorable loser.
You know Condi, who actually DID go shopping after KatrIna hit (and admirably admitted the mistake). 

You're quite the dimwit, aren't you?
No, that's Michelle Obama! LOLOLOL
Ah, the woman who went shopping three days after Katrina.
What happened to your crazy, #Cult45 post about Michelle Obama?  You were called out. Deleted it. But you don't admit your mistake.
I think you mean Michelle Obama?  
Just ask @bikergirl4trump.
You mean this C. Rice? 
Wait.......isn't that Michele Obama? I'm pretty sure it is....
She kinda looks like the lady in that tweet you posted about Michelle Obama. Interesting.
Holy shit... seriously?  3 years B4 she became FLOTUS.. that's not Mrs Obama.  As u see from the fool's tweet, you tw*t.
#ReplyingTo2DumbAsses
@Trumpresponders You do know who this woman  is, right? (Referencing your tweet of a photo you mislabeled Mrs Obama and it was Ms Rice)
Now you know who Condoleeza Rice is?
I'm surprised you aren't telling people that's Michelle Obama since you have shown you can't tell the difference btwn the 2 
According to your biggest supporter that's Michelle Obama
I thought that was Michelle Obama? Oh wait....
See this is Condoleesa Rice ...
Tricky to spot the difference between her and Michelle Obama...
especially when your are a vile bigot

Enough! http://bit.ly/2dVna6e 
@TrumpResponders Where was @MichelleObama during this photograph? I suspect not in The White House Vegetable Garden. CONSPIRACY!
Yes this is the woman you mistook for michelle obama when she was not even forst lady during katrina!
are you posting this because you confused her with Michelle Obama?
How can u retweet this when u mixed her up w/ Michelle Obama - do all black women look the same to you?
What is @Potus doing meeting with who @TrumpResponders think is @MichelleObama?  #Maga 
Connie rice the one who used a private email for white house business?
So that's not Michelle Obama ?
Isn't this Mrs Obama though @TrumpResponders? Fake news!
Bet you had to pay her to sit for more than 5 minutes with this moron
https://www.facebook.com/condoleezzarice/posts/1293199674025554 …
Thought that was Michelle Obama- Just here to see the biker Trump girl that forgot 3 yrs  of Pres. Bush. You guys gotta start trying harder.
Hey, did you ever figure out the difference between Condi and Michelle.
Is that the same woman you thought was Michelle Obama? Ignorant.
@TrumpResponders THIS is the black lady that went shopping during Katrina. You're welcome.
Did he ask how her shopping three hours after Katrina went?
Who really was shopping when Katrina hit 
No, according to you.....it's Michelle Obama! SMDH.
Isn't she the one who went shopping 3 days after Katrina?
THAT'S the lady who you lambasted (maybe you don't know that word) for shopping after Katrina. 
Please cure your ignorance. Soon.
You figure out she isn't Michelle Obama yet? Tomorrow we can cover the fact her husband won't be President for 3.5 years after Katrina hit
Figured out who she was, eh?
At least you are no longer confusing her with Michelle Obama.
Proving that you have now learned the DIFFERENCE b/t Condi Rice and Michele Obama.  Nice.
Didn't she go shopping 3 days after Katrina hit New Orleans?
Wow Michelle Obama looks great... MORON!!!!!!
Oh look, it's Michelle Obama.
Hey biker girl, that's not Michelle Obama either.  I know they all look alike to you.
Look! It's Michelle Obama! LOL!
Are you sure that isn't Michelle Obama?
Did you show her shopping during Katrina? Asking 4 a friend.
This would be the Condoleezza Rice your Trump Bot confused with Michelle Obama. You fool
Yeah. The one out shoe shopping after Katrina whom you blasted. And called Michelle Obama.
At least you know who Ms. Rice is now, right?
According to your voters, that's Michelle Obama @trumpresponder
But she was shopping during Katrina....
Did you finally figure out the difference between Cond Rice and Michelle Obama?

People who dont self educate should listen more than talk
love it
You knew who she was then.
Might this be the same Condoleeza Rice that you mistook for Michelle Obama? 
Resign.
@TrumpResponders What is Trump doing with Michelle Obama, Biker Girl????
This is the woman your post calls @MichelleObama shopping after #Katrina try harder
Remember when U tweeted a picture of this very same woman calling her Michelle Obama and saying she shopped as @FLOTUS44 during Katrina?
You do realise that's not Michelle Obama don't you?
Such a forced smile on her face.
So you know the diff between former SoS & Trump. You just can't tell the diff between two black women. Hmm. Whatcha s'pose that sez about U!
You mean Michelle Obama, right?
Say what...????
But wasn't she out shoe shopping three days after Hurricane Katrina? Thought that was a no no.
Why is he meeting with Michelle Obama? Traitor!
You said that was Michelle Obama!
Oh, you know who she is now?  That she's NOT Michelle???
This is the lady you mistook for Michelle Obama. I'm so confused, are you a bot?
Hey, Bikergirl4trump, this is the person whose picture you claimed was Michelle Obama shopping. Just sayin'.
You mean Michelle Obama?
She was shopping during Katrina.
Hey she's great. Didn't she also say U wouldn't be a good president. She was right.
Just so we are clear... Condi Rice is NOT Michelle Obama. Ok???
See this womwn she's the one pictured in your katrina poster saying she was shopping. U get of showing thousands how ignorant uneducated u r
You sure that's not @MichelleObama ? #obamakatrina 
Wait- Isn't that Michelle Obama?? @TrumpResponders help us out!
Look! This is the one who was shopping ;)
Tête de cul
See, that's Condi Rice, not Michelle Obama. They aren't the same person & Obama wasn't POTUS during Katrina in 2005! W was!
Hey isn't that Her?!?!? LoL
@TrumpResponders @realDonaldTrump her is someone to fire. Number 1 on the dumbest list.
https://twitter.com/TrumpResponders/status/834774304092983300 … @TrumpResponders had something she wanted to say about Condi, but she can't tell Condi from Michelle...? 
Three days after Hurricane Katrina: Where was Michelle Obama? 
Is that Condoleeza *shopping 3 days after Katrina* Rice? LOL Trump supporters should really read a book once in a while.
Did she stop in to give you a clue? I'll bet she did.
Please note that this photo is indeed CONDOLEEZA RICE, not Michelle Obama. You seem to have trouble telling them apart.
So you have seen her pictures
Isn't she the one who went shopping after Katrina?
This is the shopper lady, Einstein.
Oh, NOW you recognize Condoleezza Rice?
Hey look! Condi Rice, SAME WOMAN that is pictured on the 'Where was M. Obama during Katrina' pic you posted! Recognize her NOW?#WhatADumbAss
Wait, ha ha ha isn't that Michelle Obama, Bikergirl?

Hey, isn't that Michele Obama? 
Hey look it is the woman @TrumpResponders thought was Michelle Obama. Also, she thought Barack was President during Katrina. #DumbTrumpers
Didn't you just tweet that this is Michelle Obama?  Make up your mind.

Hey!  She's the one who went shopping three days after Katrina, right???
Hey the woman shopping 3 days after Katrina when Bush was president is the same person in the photo you retweeted. #lowinformation
She thinks Trump is a moron... lol.
Geez. How'd you recognize Condie Rice in this picture but not in the one you thought was Michelle Obama??
So you DO know she's not Michelle Obama, you were just lying. Got it.
She doesn't know who she is at all.
Woah! She is the one who went shopping during 
Katrina, but a fine pianist nonetheless.
Awe bikergirl4trump didn't u think that was Michelle Obama. Lmao.
Isn't that Michelle Obama?
Yep, that's her with George W. Bush
Wait, you retweeted this Condoleezza pic and still put up another Condi photo saying it was Michelle Obama? Girl, get those eyes checked!
She's finally done shopping?
Oh look! Condoleeza Rice shopping. 
Hey Don, this dim Trumpette can't tell the diff btwn Condoleezza Rice & the previous FLOTUS. Any tips for racists?
Three days after Hurricane Katrina: Where was Michelle Obama? 
What's Michelle Obama doing sitting with the president?
so you DO know the difference between condoleezza rice and michelle obama.
Hey Don, this dim Trumpettes can't tell the diff btwn Condoleezza Rice & the previous FLOTUS. Any tips for racists?
I saw that today... picture of Condi.  Caption something about how horrible M Obama was to go shopping during Katrina. Stupidity Abounds.
Hey, BikerGirl, that's the shopping lady you somehow thought was Michelle Obama! #racism
You just posted a picture of this woman, claiming she was Michelle Obama and wasn't present during Katrina... you should know who u tweet.
Oh...you finally figured out who is Michelle and who is Condi?! U get a shiny star to stick on ur forehead!  #ATrumperWhoCanActuallyLearn 
@TrumpResponders thinks this is Michelle Obama.
https://twitter.com/TrumpResponders/status/834774304092983300 … ONCE AGAIN #FakeNews
https://twitter.com/TrumpResponders/status/834774304092983300 … according to a previous tweet from you that is Michelle Obama
Three days after Hurricane Katrina: Where was Michelle Obama? 
Recognize her picture, @Bikergirl4trump? Of course you don't. Botfly.
You sure that's not Michelle Obama? Buahahahaha!
So you do recognize Condoleezza Rice- you were certainly confused  when you identified her as Michelle Obama. 
Wait wasn't she shopping during hurricane Katrina?
That's not Michelle Obama? #ResistTrump
Earlier, you said she was Michelle Obama and blasted her for not helping after Katrina (Even though Bush was in office.) You're an idiot.
@TrumpResponders Looks like Mrs. Rice wasn't shopping in this photo. Bahahaha!
#LaughingAtYou
Hey, isn't that the lady you accused of being Michelle Obama???? Who went shopping immediately after hurricane Katrina? #Idiot #TrumpRube
Why the fuck is he hanging out with Michelle Obama?
Oh, hey. It's that woman you confused for M Obama who you accused of not doing anything about a tragedy that occurred before she was FLOTUS.
Yes, that's the person who is really in your hurricane tweet that you ignorantly said was Michelle Obama. Do you have an apology within you?
Where was she during Katrina?
But, remember. Three days after Katrina she was shopping!
...Who went shopping during Katrina... just saying ;-)
Are your sure that's not Michelle Obama?  Shouldn't she be shopping?

You sure that's not Michelle Obama Trumpy Gal ? Or do all Black People look alike ?

Geez, she's right there with her name spelled out and everything! Yet you post inane memes mislabelling her as Michelle Obama. #facepalm
She doesn't like you, either.
Plus, according to you, she went shopping during Katrina!
Now THIS is who you thought was Michelle Obama out "shopping" after Katrina. Mind you, Michelle wasn't even FLOTUS during Katrina. 
Who doesn't look like Michelle Obama.  At all.
Are you sure that's not Michelle Obama?
Another shill
Why does he always sit like he's on the toilet? No grace, no class, no dignity.
Hey! That's the lady in your "Michelle Obama is shopping photo!" You DO know her. (This makes that tweet even worse!)
Are you sure that isn't Michelle Obama?
This is the woman you said was Michelle Obama shopping 3 days after Katrina. Why would you tweet something so easily proven false?
Did he think she was Michelle Obama too?

