My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous g...
, 2ckmm
You do know the difference between Chamber of Commerce and Chamber maids...
Wow. And to think all Mexicans were rapist, murders and drug dealers. I guess sum are good people
そっち今何時ごろ？
Good news and good luck
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
If.they keep Mexicans out of America ,then Mexicans gonna keep Americans out of Mexico  ..people go over there for vacations.
@realDonaldTrump #RepealAndReplace #BuildTheWall #POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst #LockHerUp #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
Hi @_FreedomZone_ Thank you for following me Kind regards @Lottoaffiliate1 #mondaymotivation #socialmediamarketing #AffiliateMarketing
Wish you all the best sir for your future success
What a bunch of haters.  Get a job or a hobby like normal folk!
we don't this version!
when is the wall going to be built and ILLEAGALS are stopped from entering our country?
; there IT IS- Tremendous....
; Yea yea Everything is always Great; Wonderful; Terrific; Fantastic; Amazing; Blah blah blah blah!!!!!
LIAR LIAR LIAR
U must be the most and biggest lier any president Usa ever have had.
And u are clown number 1 all time!hahahahahahahahahaha
sure you do! Liar!
The Hispanics?!?! From Hispanica?!?! Cool.
PLEASE INVITE FAMILIES WHO ARE ILLEGALS AND TALK WITH THEM, WORK THIS OUT MY DEAR PRESIDENT.
PLEASE WORK TO KEEP ILLEGALS IN THE UNITED STATE. MAKE THEM CITIZENS. THEY HAVE BEEN HERE FOR DECADES,
ILLEGALS WITHOUT CRIMINAL RECORDS NOT IN GANGS,  MAKE THEM LEGAL. THE MONEY THE TIME NOT GOOD.
ILLEGALS ARE NOT THE ONLY ONE TO TAKE BLAMED ALSO YOUR POLITICIANS, THEY USED THIS FOR VOTES TO GET INTO OFFICE,
PLEASE CONSIDER MAKING THE ILLEGAL THAT DO NOT HAVE CRIMINAL RECORDS BECOME CITIZENS.
did you make promises you won't keep?
omg! That wall wont do jack shi@&@*+#}t! How stupid!!
who voted for this guy? He is unstable and may take us to 3rdww
What about them missing gurls
You get around to deciding who is going to pick the fruit once you kick out the hard-working migrants?
Have you apologized to the American judge of Mexican heritage for saying he was too biased against u because of the wall?
no wonder education is on the decline.Who wants to get a degree and have to get a 2nd job to feed the children?
then why do pro atheletes receive millions while teachers receive far far less. Don't forget you receive what u pay......
Please help teacher pay. The reality is most people could not tweet if they did not learn from a teacher.....
your representatives?

Couldn't stand to be in a room with Mexicans could you?
que así sea
Mr President please contact me at 7015095471
ahaha no one believes you.  You're so racist!
US politicians pander to hispanics, but forget 5million Puerto Rican US citizens who are under disenfranchized!
By representatives do you mean you sent ICE?
Have you met with a Hispanic today or yesterday or in the future?
you really need to grow your vocabulary. Maybe Ivanka can make some flash cards for you.
leave us alone
why your representatives? Do you only meet with older rich white men?
we had one idiot with control of a nuke....now we have 2 
news flash.. they still don't like you
Sounds like everything went great lol You claim to run the show so can't blame Ryan. We're still on Russian you & Russia 
You and your representatives are FAKE!!

praying for you & our Great Country!!! 100 yrs from now, we won't matter, but our great grand children will be living here.
hello Sir. When are you coming to Texas?. I would like to hear you speak. And visit our V.A. 
  .
don't pass a flawed AHA bill. You promised us better. Keep your word. Middle class counting on your promise.
a promise that 'everyone will be covered'.  But so far, the Republican Healthcare law is disappointing. Do the impossible
Pelosi said 'You break it, you own it'. You are about to break Obama Care. Build a better replacement or you will be doomed
We're there any "bad hombres" there?  Now really?  Wouldn't that be progress for you.
What psy hospital let you guys out of?
Weird that we haven't heard anything from them about how "great" the meeting was Ur probably lying again lol
Thats crap nick. Americans are the backbone. Immigrate, assimilate and stop asking for special treatment.
A big step would be for the groups who separate from the whole to go away! One United States of America.
idiotic
isn't #Viagra grand?
@9975Ts careful sir I've been working around Hispanics all my life they will turn at drop of hat and don't cop to nothing.
why Gen Mattis trying to hire ultra lib progressives? Rudy deLeon from Podestas Center for Am Progress- not your/our friend
You couldn't be bothered to meet with them yourself?  Too busy golfing?
You still have The Hispanic Chamber of Commerce? I thought you'd gotten rid of that by now.
Are you people really buying the bull shit this baffon is selling.

Did you tell them they were going to pay for the wall with Mexico?
Did you serve everyone taco bowls?
YUGE!!!!!
great, tremendous, tremendous, great....jeez man, go buy yourself a Thesaurus and use it.
Build that wall
Latino's studying in the USA live in fear of being deported and you see a win. These are the human beings you labeled BAD!
@nanapopo22 I agree to the policy of the President(・∀・)
There's that word "great" again. The single most overused word ever!!! And that's just in the last 16 months! Are you THAT clueless donny?
too good to meet with them yourself!
Also, remember that much of US was settled by Hispanics & belonged to Mex. Let's honor, not scare our Hispanic immigrants
you should resign before you are impeached
We are Americans and that's it. No need for a separate dam group for everything.
Clock is running before impeachment only 711 Days left
lol who are mostly white! Lololololololololololololol
you're a LIAR
You are the FAKE NEWS
because "Hispanics" won't meet with you personally
Yeah I heard the Hispanics really love you. They call you peachy cool arrow.
of course, you were hiding out back away from the scary weird Spanishy looking people.
Your reps? Why not YOU?
While they, on the other hand, look forward to voting your pea-sized brain out of office.
you're a horrible person. You put old racists on your cabinet, you have a racist as a close advisor - you're a disgrace.,
, yng USA's r chanting "build the wall," In Mexico.With any luck Mexico will become like Cuba for CND's. U still hve Hawaii
ARE THEY ILLEGALS or because your doing business with them they get a pass???????
Wow managed to scrape up half dozen legal half wit hispanics; to hold a cumbyah meeting #TFT
what you need to be doing is the right thing to stop being raises with the people who put food on your mouth
je veux du travail
sure your building a wall and believe hispanics love you for it keep telling yourself that
yeah and youre building a wall  you are a legend in your mind
Boycott
- the plan hurts average Americans. You said it would be better and cheaper. Broken promise.
what, you were too busy to meet with the brown people?? #Resistance
you should have unlimited characters.
what is a Hispanic chamber of commerce.  How about the US. Chamber of commerce. Make them joine
chinga tu madre pendejo! Hispanics that!
YOU DONT CARE ABOUT ANYONE WHO ISNT WHITE, YOU LIAR!!! LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
Let me guess - you thought THEY should pay for the wall?
love the fact that with all that's being said negatively about u.  u still plug on &stay focused MAGA so many backing U
on your wall? #NoBanNoWall
Yo bro you the president.
I guess you couldn't go... Have issues with Hispanics? Or are you scared of Hispanics??? 
did ICE deport them all? #GoldenShowerdrumph #RussiaWhiteHouse #Impeach45
how do you tell the bad hombres from the good hombres?
Who set up that meeting for you? Was it Geraldo or that pesky guy from UniVision? 
BUILD A WALL AND THERE WILL BE NO MORE GREAT MEETINGS. USA is NOT Russia.
Hispanics love me! So do all the Blacks! The Yellows too! Everyone loves me, which is why I won the popular vote!
You weren't there? Why?
I do not trust our intelligence agencies! I think they have too many Obama holdovers! Not honest!!
Don't be concerned about those polls, they were wrong you before the election we are still here
I don't believe anything he says
has a record low 37% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
huh! don't be racist sir!
You do realize that Pendejo is not a compliment?
Dream on.
HISPANIC Chamber of Commerce! That's racist!
too busy playing golf at the country club to show up huh?
REALLY LOL.
so you can take their money too before kicking them outta the country????
It a shame your Son can't support st. Jude anymore I am so bad about that
Sounds totally DISCRIMINATORY TO ME. Where's the CAUCASIAN ANYTHING?!?!?  Not to be found. NOT ALLOWED!! ANYWHERE EVER!
LISTEN! Chamber of Commies just an extension of democrat party!!! That's all!
when are they meeting with the Caucasian chamber of commerce... Oo that would be racist
Good morning Mr. Trump, I'm from Peru, we need helicopters please help us for what we're going through. Please
Buen día Sr. Trump soy de Perú, necesitamos helicópteros por favor, ayuda para lo que estamos pasando. Por favor
Proverbs 16:7
When a man's ways please Yahweh, He makes even his enemies to be at peace with him.
T A X  R E T U R N S
Mr. President if you could look into the fact compensation for Vet's hasn't been adjusted for over 8 years.
Saludos desde Perú y éxitos en su gestión. Nosotros lamentablemente tenemos a este presidente quesiempre habla mal de usted
You like hispanic money but you hate hispanic people.It's all about the money. #racism #xenophobia #racismo #xenofobia #wtf
A fish rots from the head down.
fake president
thank you for continuing to reach out one day at a time Mr. President.
who cares
Hispanic Chamber of Commerce? Are you kidding me? Fuq all the mexicans to death! USA! Make America Hate again!
LET'S WORRY LESS ABOUT HISPANICS AND MORE ABOUT AMERICANS.
shut up
