I had it starting next year we vote them out
O'Care Disaster??? You wish...Trump!!! Obamacare is better than anything the GOP has come up with! KEEP OBAMACARE!!!
There is NO SENATE BILL that is better than fixing the #ACA None. Ready to lose these? @GOPSenate is ready to take them. #Trumpcare
Tens of thousands come to town halls & tell you "NO!" Fix the #ACA "But we promised" @GOPSenate is drunk. Go home! #Trumpcare #DeathAct
Murdering civilians with microwave energy weapons and labeling them spies and terrorist subvert the  Constitution  is not an American value!

nope, we are thinking in first ...Impeach you, later we will vote the other Republicans out, and happiness will be total
Just let Healthcare fail president Trump
Repeal Mccarran Ferguson antitrust law get rid of insurance company lobbyists influencing lawmakers new healthcare policy would be easy
Mr. President if it was not for ObamaCare I never would have had the money to pay for surgery on my left eye. You are the biggest threat
Good luck w mccain bent on revenge bitter old man . Remember he got dossier and handed it to Comey .starting this whole Russia bs !
Russia
You are a disaster & must resign you promised a lot & cant deliver anything, this health care bill is as nasty as you, Ryan & McConnell
Delete your presidency.
Please. Just stop it LMFAO
Good morning Mr President have a beautiful day


Stop tax penalties against people who chose not to buy healthcare. Forget about preexisting conditions, employer plans pay for those
McConnell needs to put up here or resign! #FullRepeal
Well resign is good.
No matter how much you call it a disaster it helped people.  Fix it the right way.

You have no idea what the bill even says.
Full Repeal of O care #FreeMarkets
you're the only disaster.
After 6 months of Donald disaster all congressmen and women must move to impeach! Or you could just resign
Only if it's better.  Obama care is a nightmare. @RandPaul had great free mkt ideas and no one listened to any ideas. Too many entitlements
Wow you're the stupidest man alive. It's not even a contest
Go back to bed!
Comrade Trump is the disaster!
We Love You President Trump!
We?

#EvilEvilMan
3 Years, 6 Months, 6 Days, 8 Hours, 54 Minutes, and 23 Seconds
The Articles of Impeachment are already being drawn. Trump might dimit of his own accord before November.
Once America sees how you screwing them over the GOP will turn on you as well not all Republicans are rich many will suffer 2018 impeachment

Huh?
After just months of you in office, you've been a disaster for America and other countries.

The Republican Party had 8 years to come up with a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare
Goes to show you that Govt. should not be in the healthcare business

#If there is a will there is a way!
Amen
Your comma is in the wrong place. The following is more accurate if you have your way, "After 7yrs of O'Care, disaster must happen!"
#ImpeachTrump
Gop have had 7 years to come up with some kind of plan! Tax cuts for wealthiest Americans is not healthcare.
7 years to prepare: promise to repeal and replace on day one. Who is the greatest loser other than Republicans and you? Spiteful  policies..
LOL
Repeal and Replace Donald Trump.
am praying for something to stop your trumpcare
Why not improve what's already in place? Why not include Dems in the process? Why keep working to divide us all? Why won't you lead?
You have a grudge against @POTUS44. We get it. But to truly lead you need to let it go for the good of the country.
REPEAL ONLY!
That's a blatant lie n if you are in the Navy how do you like your socialized med? Cuz that's what it is and what everybody else should have
Working Americans deserve #healthcare as needed. #trumpcare hurts MANY Veterans! #medicaid
it can work if we get rid of the greed factor 3rd party Jobs will mostly balance out in time
yes and as our PM idiot said  the budget will balance itself! Obviously you've never run a successful business!
other GREAT countries do it we've been lied to #healthcare makes US productive
Who has worse daddy issues, you or Junior?
Who produces the most Fake News?
Where is cnn and NBC? Silly snowflake
This isn't the "non-propaganda poll". Sorry. 

Remember when Fox News criticized Barack Obama for a tan suit or putting mustard on a burger?
It sounds like you GOT SEROUS ISSUES.
I wish that you were a better person. I wish that you worked as hard for every citizen of the U.S.A. as hard as you do at your golf game.
I wish you cared as much about an elderly person on Medicaid as you do about Mika and Morning Joe.
hahahahaha! I like your wish list. Thought of a few myself!
I repeated myself. So tired, he's so tiresome, his followers are so tiresome. It's like a fever dream.
Can't make it a "red herring" like some n politics tend 2 do distractions from other issues & health care's complex from my life experience
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care dis...
We can't afford to pay more than $100 a month !!!
Mr. President just shut their subsidies down and move on.  They hate the American ppl, cause nothing but trouble, and run their lying yaps.
We need universal healthcare
NO CHIPPING
Impeach Trump 2017
Rescind Obamas Executive Order Exempting Them from Obama Care That they Seem to Love so Much, And send McCain to the VA Thank you Sir 
Seven months and trump has made turned the Republican Party into the laughingstock of the world! Sad, really sad!
McConnell has always voted with the Democrats.  He is not a good leader for our Republican party. Wish he were gone.
LIAR U sd cheaper.more people covered.
The only disaster is you as president. You're an embarrassment.
T'care is a disaster.
Exactly WHAT is YOUR input other than sitting in your office holding a pen?
After seven years you swine have no plan ready? Imbeciles
You're the disaster that needs to be replaced. #Traitor #Unfit #Illegitimate #Criminal #Putinbot #Russiagate #Bully
They voted over 60 times to repeal The Affordable Care Act then they knew it would be vetoed , but now all of you have limp dicks
Let the arm-twisting and buying off begin. This is all JUST FOR THE RICH. Everyone else will feel so much pain.
Current DHHS report contradicts this. Report says up to reporting period od 2016 ACA working well and Americans are healthier because of it.
Do you not have enough displine not to mention President Obama's name! It's almost as if you're obsessed w/him. Restraining order needed!
They are backing away and rightfully so for the sake of their citizens
The GOP doesn't have a plan, nor do you.  They have a tax plan that will allow ppl to die.  Please go back to NY.  You are killing us.
man its going to be a disaster when it's gone ... all you care about is your name on the health care
All prepped to pass the blame as soon as it fails!

JUST IN: The nation's actuaries have spoken: the Cruz amendment is totally unworkable, will destabilize the markets.
http://www.actuary.org/files/publications/RiskPoolingFAQ071417.pdf … 
ACA stats are strong and getting stronger. Not failing. I know the truth means nothing to you, but facts are facts & you're a liar.
do not want this bill Trump
same insurance as all government officials. Drop the FALSE opiate crisis! Americans are now dying because of it. The world is watching
Get rid of mandate 30 million people want mandate gone. No to forced insurance.
Why are you letting them eliminate keeping PreExisting Conditions as part of the GOP Health plan. Was your Campaign just a big Lie ?
Kentucky will lose more than half of its Medicaid funding. How does that help Mitch McConnell's constituents?
Then vote in a program that makes sense.  The ones you are putting your name on are pitiful.
So that 49 million Americans can be knocked off insurance!  What a disgrace. Single payer healthcare now!
Its obvious that everyone that is against repeal and replace has good health insurance thru their employer. Try paying 700 mo 6k ded
Don't let the Republican Party sell out America and put 21 million or so Americans offer insurance just to do something
So you can utterly BETRAY all those who voted for you because you PROMISED Better, cheaper healthcare for ALL!  #TrumpLies
Yes sir, Make American Business Great Again!  Your Health Care Disaster is going to be MUCH bigger than that Obama plan, Best disaster ever!
Uh...they created the current "disaster" and came up with THIS after 7.5 yrs? It's hopeless
It's amazing that after 7 years they couldn't come up with anything but another tax cut.   That's #NotAHealthcareBill #Trumpcare is taxcut
You said "Better and Cheaper Health Insurance".....please keep your word
Screw you and your fake healthcare repeal that will kill off  men,  women, and children for your freaking tax break for the rich.
This is something that is clearly above the pay grade of you two. It should not take a decade after years of shouting that you can do better
You must have a full repeal. Swap care is garbage and somehow they managed to create it even worse bill then the Democrats
that crappy bill that McConnell is working on is a disaster
@SenateMajLdr approaches this like a student that waited until the last week to do a term paper. Whatever they present will be a failure.
mr. President it would be an honor if you came to Land O Lakes Florida
And take the other devils with you, incl McConnell & Ryan!
Russian collusion. Russian collusion. Russian collusion. Russian collusion. Russian collusion. Russian collusion. Russian collusion. YOU LIE
Nope. Government does not work like that. Threats. Loser.
You mean 7 years of republicans in congress doing absolutely nothing at all; nothing innovative, memorable, or of any substance whatsoever.
Why do you suck?
Hyperbole does not strengthen your argument.
And it doesn't need to happen. You need it to happen to get revenge on Pres. Obama & so GOP senators can rake in corporate contributions.
Yeah Screw those other people that voted for you 
Impetuous clown
Ha....ha...ha....Don't think so.
WTF does this even mean????
Guess what?  the American public LIKE Obamacare and WANT TO KEEP AND IMPROVE IT, not to destroy our healthcare system.
You are so delusional as well as an inept, deplorable racist. #notmypresident
What needs to happen, is you need to step down!!
Why do u want THIS bill to pass.

It does not REPEAL?
....you're a disaster
Americans would prefer you repugs keep The Affordable Care Act, and just improve what we have already have working for so many folks. #bad
Repeal.  DON'T replace.  That's why I voted for you.  Repeal only.

Don't you talk to the Senators and Governors of your own party?!??
You and the Republicans have yet to come up with a truly viable alternative. Why the big hurry? Get it right, please.
We hard working  Americans are sick of waiting!!  I own my own business dont bring home much and still can not afford health insurance
Sorry sir but I think McConnell is a do nothing . They're pulling the same ole DC Crap.At this rate the Dems will retake the majority. SAD!
The end is near for you Don the Con, Repubs realize you are bad for business, and they want their jobs. They are like rats from a ship....
Passing a bill that takes away healthcare from 22 millions of Americans is not winning!
you really don't care what you win as long as you win. This tax cut wolf in healthcare clothing has approval rating even lower than yours!
Sounds like they are not changing much, slow down get it right.
Shouldn't getting it right be more important than getting it done. We are taking about people's health!
Resign
It will only happen if President Trump is involved! He cares about America and Americans! Republicans don't care what happens like the Dems!
Donald,please don't go back in to the Paris climate agreement. Its as you say, money and jobs affected if you pander to macron. Stay true!
Honestly the greatest embarrassment and mistake this great Nation has ever suffered. Liar, thief and low class con man. SAD! Just go away.
It won't, and if it does, it will be a colossal failure.
Republican talked too much and had 7 years to replace Obamacare never happened
If you pass this bill you will be forever known as the DEATHCARE President!  and McConnell will be DONE!
#russian_asset likes shitty grammar and exclamation points.
Keep the GOP alive, but kill 22million by denying them affordable healthcare....disgusting
Times change, Americans say fix ACA leave my healthcare alone.  This is not 2010 but 2017!
They're supposed to work for the people not the #GOP or #POTUS.The people want a NO vote on #Trumpcare and funding returned for #Obamacare
Obama was a hell of a lot better than YOU!!
The only disaster this country faces is you and your henchmen. President Obama is 10 times the MAN you are.
Is that inept or important senators? My vote is inept.
You LIE a lot! Boom, there are evidence of Russian collusion!
If it's government-run health care then it's still Obamacare
Repubs have been #whinylittlebitches about O-Care for years. Either there is no better alternative or Repubs are inept. I think both!
Those CEOs, #BigPharma execs & ins. co's are REALLY tired of regular people getting health care, hence the rush to leave everyone w/NOTHING!
Shameful that you don't care how many Americans you hurt in the process of covering up the 8 years of obstruction and hate just for votes.
NO NO NO more welfare programs, no more stealing from tax payers, NO NO, repeal Obamacare & do not replace it @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Get real,  if people don't have Healthcare,  they choose not to or cannot afford it. Not Trump's fault,  not mine,  not anyone else's.
Your moronic cheerleading will accomplish nothing, thankfully.
Or else what?
It's not a disaster. You're the disaster.
Your TrumpCare Plan will lead to the same catastrophe the collapse of the economy just as it was prior to the ACA. Get ready to loose
(2) your home should you have a serious illness.
Liar

NOT
Wait till UR base sees THEY'll most impacted byTrumpCare. You only care about trying to look better than Barack. Never going to happen!
Yea, give us our #wealthcare disaster!
POTUS. Guess  The Left wanted to beat a dead horse.Maybe you should've pulled the Nancy Pelotsi on your Health package.
I'd like some tax breaks, too! Praying that this secret bill does NOT pass.
Disasterously bad plan for people.
We need universal health care duh
You will go down in history as one of the worse presidents in history. Why do you want this passed?
REPEAL ObummerCrap and get govt out of healthcare!
This whole White House is a mess!
Nobody likes , respects you or wants you to be president
The ONLY "disaster" is that Republican plan.  Can't wait for my clients to lose their healhcare, and me my job, because of it.  *sarcasm*
STOP LYING. It's not a disaster, it's not imploding. You hate it because a black man accomplished it, and for no other reason.
Repeal. Why make it Hard?

TRUTH!
