....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!

Jared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting, source says http://fxn.ws/2rPTTnS 
more bs from fox
Thank you mr president for show the world we are in charge   Unlike obama did.  And his liberal butt plugs comments on your thread
Kinda like having tapes, but not producing them?
Always been to protect their sources from people like you who'd want to body slam them into silence. You must be getting nervous eh Trump

"Lugenpresse" Shitler???
That's bcuz we already know that the leaks are from YOUR WHITE HOUSE !!!!  U're the only one who doesn't know........   :-)
The media does not have to release the names of their sources but they do verify that they are real. You are the king of fake news
To be Honest: I have Nothing to do...
... Apparently you see a distinction between "sources say..." and "many people are saying..."
How's Cruz' dad doing?
Hypocrite.
And who would know better than me? Remember my "extremely credible source" that  told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate was a fraud?
Like when you say "many people say", and you have a "secret" plan, but it never happens.  HAHAHA! #notypresident,#dumpthechump,#DontheCon
That is how news has worked for years.  Freedom of press .... laws require them to have multiple unnamed sources ....
Honey baby boo boo donnie,we see that u are afraid. #buhbye
you mean...kind of like this?! LOL
We already knew it was fake...Obama needs to release his College transcripts before any tax returns are released by Trump
Obama isn't President anymore.
Tell him that...And while u at it tell him Hillary is not in the White House.
Investigate till they run crying
Says the fake president. Most delusional and divisive president in history. #liarinchief #narcissistinchief

Yes, Pulitzer prize newspapers are known to make up sources. Stop leaking to them Donald and trying to discredit the Intel agencies.
Stupid twitter post withdrawal? Got your fix yet? Good, got eat some fried chicken!
Funny - @realDonaldTrump uses the words "sources say" when talking about his information #trumplies
Cut budget 65% model Calvin Coolage
not mentioning names some presidents are bullies

I think the only "Fake News" is you Donni
Whenever you see the words ' fake news' remember that dc politicians like POTUS disdain the truth and are afraid of an informed citizenship.
1 - You are often an anonymous source yourself. 2 - So are members of your inner circle. 1/2
You faked IDs of TWO publicists so you could talk about yourself W/Out revealing you were talking about yourself. Shameful! #Resign 2/2
For someone who talks about fake a lot have you looked in the mirror, your hair colour, skin colour, promises?
#RESIST #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #TrumpPutin 
#TrumpLiar
#TrumpTraitor
#GOPTraitors
#sHaLloWstAtE
Can you name your Russian sources Mr President?
Stop tweeting. Please!
But what would "John Barron" think of this?
What a bunch of losers!
You never mention names of "Lots of people say this"
No one is surprised that #trumpy has no concept of journalistic ethics.
Whenever you see @realDonaldTrump you know it's going to be anti first amendment. He is a liar. He lies intentionally. It's a public fact.
Just because you made up sources doesn't mean we do.
That you try to defend the conduct of your colleagues at CNN, MSNBC, etc after their antics speaks volumes about your lack of credibility.
No one is perfect. But Donald Trump is incorrect much, much more often than the news media is. That's a fact.
Absolutely no defense for MSM to remotely call themselves journalists. You are rightfully viewed as the propaganda arm of Progressive party.
Facts are facts. Context is important.
Yes, they are. And POTUS is 95% right. Do any of you realize extent to which you've destroyed your credibility? And continue to do so daily?
ALOT LESS THAN POTUS!!!
95%???????? Come on dude...

REALLY?????
Think? 2 years ago you thought nothing of Trump. But now your masters have directed you to hate non stop because of an "R" next to his name.
You ARE a fake president!!  Bloviate all night long, you remain a fake president.
Agreed
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names.......
You've used that word a lot when spreading fake news about our Wonderful former President Obama. YOUR hypacracy is laughable!
Mr. President... If you want to cause the left to totally lose their minds just simple tweet the Capital Letter   "Q"
There's a reason behind fake news, they don't have the background or the coverage or the sources, qualitative .
We know exactly what it means! Another fake story that comes from whole cloth! We don't believe ANYTHING from the msm! They R illegitimate!
what did they report that was a lie?  I know you will never answer bc you cant. You love lies!
Your a twit!
oh, bc you can't cime up with something the fake bews lied about!  Well, i would say the same
Here's a few in order Stimulus Heist Fast&Furious IRS scandal Benghazi Hillarys secret server, Pigford scandal NSA scandal Bowe Bergdahl...
Wow you have a contradictory tweet for everything.
You are so funny sir! The irony. No sources! Funny! In the same tweet that you do not mention the news outlets.
How about you Negative Nancy's hush and show some respect? He's the President, like it or not.
If they did, the names would be aliases. Wish this was LOL but it's just plain pathetic. No end to MSM #FakeNews.
I think it appalling, the disrespect with which OUR President of the United States has to deal with on a daily basis.
You claimed to have "sources" regarding Obama. So you're fake too.
No one is more fake than you your a liar and your going to ruin the US
Because their all yours more lies
whenever you open your mouth lies come out you are a embarrassment to this country. shame on you
You are trying to school us on fake news. The liar in chief  it would be hysterical except it's tragic u are ruining our countyr
This is your most recent tweet you fucking ignoramus.
@heil_rachel @potus that's because there are no sources
News media has always keep their source anonymous so people cannot take revenge action against them.
#Covfefe
Who were your "sources" for the fake birther bullshit?
FAKE FAKE ITS ALL WRONG
Where all past that every time we hear Russia we just laugh, it's like someone talking about aliens. Lol just keep on going where behind you
Literally half of your tweets reference said 'sources' you lunatic
Yep. "Sources say" should never be taken seriously. I'll just leave this right here...
An "extremely credible source" says that Melania has lawyered up & is working on an exception in the pre-nuptial agreement. Divorce is near.
Mr. President--We're all sick of the MSM.  Let your surrogates handle them.  Please focus on your agenda. #justwinbaby
@realDonaldTrump don't forget your campaign promise to get us out of Paris agreement, we are counting on you. MAGA.
Then why r u quoting news articles with sources in them
Is that like when you say, many people, or a lot of people? You just admitted that you have been guilty of FAKE NEWS, many, many times.
Oh really?? U tell lies CONSTANTLY without revealing UR "sources." U hate the media coz they tell the truth about U, except liars at FOX.
How about when the so-called President uses the phrase "many people have said..." 
Are you trying to tell us something, Donald? Sir?
#LOL
Arretes de faire ta tête de mule mr Trump
@CommonSense1212 ARREST THE LEAKERS
you mean Trump?
@TRUMP_NOW Is those YELLOW bellies on the bottom of the Swamp that were they and lie to stay their on good people
Dude. You do that ALL THE TIME.
Whenever #DonaldTrump says 'everyone says' 'everyone knows', 'people are saying', 'someone told me'... its all in his orange head.
ok ok we'll give U some names: Jim, John Miller, John Barron, Anthony scaramucci just to name a few. R u happy now?
school again with the rumor mill. Why can't  we hear and see real news anymore? These are jounalists?
Thank you for a very successful trip and your dedication.   Thank Goodness for One American News for the coverage.
Like this mornings Fox News report
Whenever I see the words "fake news", I want to scream!
Trump's famous line "reliable sources". Fake hair, fake President, credible leader of the white supremacist group. Donald Trump
Yeah, like all those "people" you mention. You are the #1 fake news spreader. When have you ever mentioned names? You POPULAR VOTE LOSER!
It's call protecting your sources, you flatulent tool.
Hell you don't mention names. You say I've read & people say
Even a kindergarten teacher doesn't fall for that one...
Ur en idiot
An idiot
Project much?
Yes the way they broadcast #fake news #Foxnews daily
in fact ... you're the biggest fake, the world have ever seen !!!
Hillary lied while working in Public service and made $200,000,000 while hurting America.
- PLENTY OF SOURCES
Sources cited by media BAD, sources cited by you GOOD. Can u say "hypocrite".
fake news or real news, fact or fiction, I know that the current GOP leadership policies are affecting my life in a bad way
Says the guy who fakes identities to be he own anonymous sources in stories
I am sure it is made up.  Nobody to give interview cause people know the truth will not be told.
Like the story about your son-in-law not suggesting a back door channel to Russia you just shared?

You are sinking
Does that include your friends at Fox News?
Indeed dude!

I know I'm hearing from Fox News! And when I hear you say something.....I know I'm listening to a fake president! #Impeachunfittrump
LOL obsessions obsessions!
Are you lying again or is this just alternative facts???
Whenever you hear "trust me" spewing from POTASS you know its a scam

I heard your mom was a McLeod...so was my mom....maybe we are related??
Only you believe your lies. Think about that. Assuming you can think.
Yeah! Kind of like when you say "some people are saying..." or "I've heard..." or "they say..."
Actually we all know that when we see Donald j trump, it's all bullshit. Traitor!
You mean like Fox and Friends? You're a walking contradiction Mr. Trump.
The truth will come out...hopefully before you destroy our democracy. #fakepresident
Idiot!
@SueNBCBoston gurl, be speaking facts 
You always talk about your anonymous sources... I can't believe you!
except for you wow unbelievable
It's because they're scared you'll find them and build a wall around their house.
The only thing that is fake is your tan and your hair and most everything that comes out of your pie-hole.
like your "Birther" claims? HAHAAAHAAA!
The same thing you said about Obama and his birth place that he was born in Kenya and you got the information from a good source fake like u
Sources are sources. They don't have to reveal them to protect their sources. Totally legit.
Funny, because Trump's favorite FAKE media outlet FOX uses phrases like: "Some Say" or "Many are saying"...FOX is FAKE news..Wake Up CONald
@chrgdup1973 DT you just quoted a @FoxNews story about your son in law which was based on a unknown source "you can't have it both ways"
you r the biggest generator of fake news. There r very few people who believe a dam thing u say. Maybe Jared , ivanka ?
Do not believe them they are lying to us
Seems you are an expert at this subject.
You mean like the sources you used for Obama birth certificate SAD
It's the fake news equivalent of baseball player to be named later. Except baseball is legit.
Well "sources said" that person(s) from your staff would leave & BOOM! THERE IT IS! Who will be next? "sources say" are generally correct!
Yea, like 'wiretapp' and 'tapes'. Use your air quotes all you like, you are still a #fakePOTUS
And your Fake News channel "Fox News" does?
And remember when Trump says "Fakenews", he probably means his own lies and half-truths....
You literally posted a 'sources say' article after posting this... Maybe focus on working for the American people for a little bit.
Stay focused on road ahead.don't give them honor of responding! Put them n G-DS hand like Sweeden G-D will prove u r right
(cont.) and they NEVER EVER attempted to turn the public against the media, declaring them an "enemy of the people." This is a MAJOR THREAT!
Father Said: Do You who THEY SAY is The Biggest LIAR'S in the WORLD
Yep, thats Bad covfefe.
Just like when you open your mouth out drops a multitude of lies real lies, not fake ones. We need a real president..
#covfefe
If you have a slight knowledge about journalism, you'll know that 'sources' must be protected. You should've learnt that from your own leaks
You are a global joke! @CNN Russian back channel for money for your pockets? Not fake
the way you do uh.
I am still waiting to see you help the Hammonds in Oregon from the government overreach that has destroyed their life
