.@realDonaldTrump God, no.  I can barely stand to read transcripts of your addresses, let alone have to listen to you.
I tried, but just couldn't do it. @realDonaldTrump
Had to stop listening/viewing @realDonaldTrump pre-debates; transcripts keep me informed. I can't handle that voice, etc.
I was gonna, "especially the etc part" but it's the whole sensory assault. @realDonaldTrump
That anus mouth, those drama queen pauses, the meaningless hand gestures, and of course, the vapid & cruel content.
.@quotergal Truly. Trump manages to tapdance on every single one of my nerves simultaneously while playing the bagpipes.
Speaking of which, the ass-face apparently thinks he'll get a better reception in Scotland than England.  #WTAF
Great pic, btw.

The people who don't like our president is the racist. You are the haters
Looks like the cleaning boy at Walmart?
You look so damn silly in that getup, Mr Draft-dodger.
Seeing you engaging in Stolen Valor is what is pathetic.
Awesome job Mr. President. Keep moving forward !!!
Nice 
wow, that patch on your jacket is bigger than your hand
yes
.@realDonaldTrump To watch you lie about lying?

rhat man  is sick lock him up!!!
. Psycho!!

lame attempt at ridicule. Try going to school and become a real boy.
you are on track Mr. President they're  close in the swamp at attempting to overthrow Time to indite  God bless you all.
you look great in that Commander jacket!
What are heel spurs again? and how have they affected your golfing game since?
@RussiaConnects Calm down! If something is bad, it is Russia and Putin blame!
Trump supports the worst  dictatorial & criminal in the world the Saudies kills  our children's
Are you going to take responsibility during this or just continue to blame all your problems on the Dems/media?

I didn't realize the Navy made jackets in that size? Unless it's for a 6'4" man. Definitely passing PT test.
hey, how 'bout those Tax Returns?  those would clear up this whole Russia thing

Donny, fit ye daein this weekend min? Wisen up, are ye nae gaan tae Floridas?
. No fake news here ... it was really noticeable how fat you are. Jackets aren't a good look for you
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/02/us/politics/kushner-flynn-sessions-russia.html …
good time to present your Taxes you haven't paid.
RESIGN NOW.
Grow up and get a job Joe.
Democrats are being exposed! #draintheswamp
Let's hear that SECRET PLAN to "defeat ISIS" now. Come on Donnie boy! #impeachTrumpnow
I love our president and so proud
Putin is terrorist number one
gonna listen to all your lies....again...SAD
I'm cleaning the litter box, thanks anyway
Finally, I was getting bored waiting, Lord Trump
For those who have time for the comedy break this will provide, you really should include a Time for your little event.
.@realDonaldTrump Hey FartFace https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/837582728635678720 …
this picture is bonkers
What GI Joe might look like after 45 years gleefully existing in a state self-aggrandizing, narcissistic opulence.
GREAT picture!! You make us proud!! 
William's still gettting paid from the Democrats for your wave of tweets at TPOTUS don't think we don't see through that
. You are so embarrassing #nationalembarrassment

Russia did not and I repeat DID NOT hack the Election
oh ok thanks
It's an excuse used by the Left for losing the election. Russia had no control over American democracy
oh lord the gullibility is strong in this one.
This jacket looks good on you, you should wear it all the time.
has his every word nitpicked and hyperanalyzed - what ever did he do to deserve such scrutiny?
I believe he defeated Hillary Clinton.
Or at least it seemed like he did ............until he got caught with Russian collusion .. oh ... and that pesky popular vote
All you have are allegations. Nothing more.
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
God be merciful to us and bless us,
And cause His face to shine upon us,
Time to get tough on crime. With the bill signed and gangs in the cross-hairs; prosecute Soros-gate
Then off to golf again I am sure
so what, he's daily work to give you better live for you and your family
I am not Russian so he doesn't care about me or my family
drag on with the Russian thing with absolutely no proof!  That's the Democrat way!
TAXES! TAXES! TAXES! TAXES! TAXES! TAXES! TAXES! TAXES! TAXES! TAXES! TAXES!
why would you blur out the men and women who have fought for us? just so you can be the only person that gets attention?
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
How vile to see draft dodger in bomber jacket. God have mercy on his evil, unAmerican, nonexisistant soul. America won't.
@KellyannePolls There are 231,556,622 elegible voters in the USA. 166,320,802 did NOT vote for Donald Trump... hardly a mandate
YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey Paula! How ya doing? 
Hey Kev! Doing great, and how are you and The Mrs.? 
Same as usual. Damp & chilly in our neck of the woods. Fridge/freezer packed up. 
Have a highly-lucrative "dating-service" for robins! They were chasing one-another AROUND, earlier! 
Glad they're back. You should be on commission. http://PaulaMatch.com 
They never LEAVE for the winter, Kev! There are always a couple hanging-about...all year!
All year entertainment. Only see our Spring/Summer. I like 'em.
Weekly Address Join me here: http://45.wh.gov/zPTKbq  ...
YEAH BUDDY!!
.@realDonaldTrump God bless you, Trump!  You have the weight of the world on your shoulders, and you make carrying it appear effortless. 
Thats because hes not doing anything
Expose his coverup!
INSANITY!!  YOU!!  TAKE THOSE CLOTHES OFF!! YOU ARE NOT A PATRIOT!! YOU ARE A TRAITOR!!  @IMPEACH & JAIL!!
I've never seen an American president looking so ridiculous. Whatever you do, you'll always be as small as your tiny hands.
Trump you're like tainted meat we need to be thrown away
you look like a fool on that ship considering your s draft dodger and everyone knows it. They are sneering at you!!
I didn't know they still made jackets in "Taft" size. #PresidentFatTits
trump step down. Oh wait it's almost the weekend your on another vacation. 10k from your supporters taxes.
I would rather go for a shit than hear about your conspiracies
That's not even a real uniform and you're STILL an embarrassment to many of us who actually wore the real thing.  resignnow
Awww, you look so cute playing dress up!
good job let's get to work on making health insurance cheaper. Mexico has a wall to keep out Guatemalans hmmm
Love this photo, now that's a real President!
looking good Commander and Chief
Rich kid draft dodger. Insulting to the armed services to wear that. A business suit is appropriate. Tacky and tasteless.
So proud to  see you on that Carrier, Mr. President!
As a military Veteran who served please take off that cap you didn't earn it like we did
Great Evening Your Honorable Mr. President Donald J. Trump
@SscottSsmith84 BEST PRESIDENT EVER,
That's a great look for you Dear Leader Donald Jong-Un..
That's WEAKLY address.
That's nice that the military let a draft dodger like you play dress up as if you had an ounce of courage in your cowardly body.
did you bus in these people too?
hey! is that G.I. Donny? nope, just a DRAFT DODGER!
You sure have a lot of nerve wearing that uniform after avoiding active duty ...how many times for a sore tootsie?  POS
you don't deserve to wear that jacket you 5 time military service dodger....
Open your hand Like you really want to.
I am proud to call you MY PRESIDENT!  Thank God for you and your family's strength and commitment to America!
Weekly Address- Lie, lie, fake news, lie, more fake news, lie,lie, unsubstantiated claims, lie, lie, fake news, lie, lie, lie, golf, lie!
حقائق علمية مبهرة وتصحيحات عقائدية وتاريخية رائعة.
It's the world terrorist Trump
He's not worthy of his flight suit. What a disgrace to true fighters. Remember he escaped the draft because of bone spurs.
you should be ashamed. I'm embarrassed for you. 5 deferments... FIVE!!!
please don't let Sessions ever even think of resigning.
#fakeprez, playin dress up with your generals? how fun for you, while lyin #Sessions stole the news cycle  #ImpeachTrump
Why would we want to listen to you and your connected cabinet to russia spew more lies..the majority don't care about you
The best part of the photo is that you are headless!
Did this photo make your feet sore?
it's disgusting u wear that jacket/hat after degrading a Gold Star family, sent a SEAL to his death, and dodged draft. SAD.
@VanJones68 REMEMBER WHEN YOU WERE A COWARD DURING THE VIETNAM WAR?  RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS!!!!!
Impeach this jerk now
傻逼
how dare you wear a military uniform! Draft dodger!!!! Disaster!
next restart moon flights to keep us in shape for further space exploration in JV with Russia
take off that jacket and hat coward.
are you running away to hide again this weekend? You are a loser!
At Moscow West?
nice outfit, draft dodger...how's your flat foot feeling after five deferments-SAD!
Thank you
take that jacket and hat off. You Didn't earn the right to wear that.
should a draft dodger wear this jacket and hat?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
it's a good look. Disgrace to the uniform sadly
#lie #gaslighting #brainwashing #ThoughtReform #propaganda #ProjectiveIdentification #displacement #hypocrisy #delusion
This is an offense to the men and women that serve our country.
Tired of hearing your lies
you don't deserve that hat or jacket you cowardly weak traitor
Thanks for continuing to work for us despite the horrendous treatment  dished out by The Left.
you have NO business wearing that
you are a draft dodger who is insulting those who served by wearing unearned attire. Have some respect. #ActualFacts
The getup looks good but you still soft. Be a man, instead of pretending to be one. I still say you are a joke.
Democratic peeps are twisted! Thank GOD you are in charge of the United States of America!!
You are a draft dodger. You have NO business wearing any part of a  military uniform. Do us all a 
favor, resign.
You have not earned the right to wear that flight jacket and ball cap. You paid your way out of military service. #Coward
playing dress up?
you wearing a flight uniform is the very definition of #stolenvalor
Fake news! Media lies!
That coat made you look lumpy.
Did you have fun dressing up like GI JOE? You are an embarrassment to our soldiers.  Six deferments Donnie. REAL BRAVE!
.@realDonaldTrump Has anyone in the Trump family ever served?
Just like Obama served Huh?
Hate to tell you Donnie Doo-Doo Little..... you have packed on the pounds and look like a stuffed sausage in that outfit!
Shame. Shame. Shame.
.
I like your big boy outfit Bannon let you wear.
I know what's going to happen to you to have it nice and pleasant in the heat down there
Uh, no. You suck big d....
we sure do love our new President
teeny tiny little hands
@Juanjo3800 HeyDonald,in a way u got that too .lol did u remember those days of acadamy???Well done!!Hugs from Argentina!!!
I'd call it a weak address personally
CUTE OUTFIT!!!!!!! (get fucked tho)
Will do all in my POWER to NOT WATCH The ORANGE BABOON PREFORM.  THE ILLEGITIMATE FAKE # 45.  YOU AHOLE SHOULD GO 
look at the back g boy playing dress up
You look like a loser in this picture. #RESIGN
look a fat man that dodged the draft thinks he is cool now
so proud to call you President
you look ridiculous dressed like that, being a draft dodger and all.  Disrespectful!
