I want the wall as deep and as wide as it is tall
You go get 'em President Trump.
whatsa matter snowflake?
I am so sick of those Democrats you got rid of one called Hillary Clinton now you have me as your pillow see pet playing Miss drama queen
I misspoke now you have Nancy Pelosi playing Miss drama queen if that's not sickening I don't know what it is
I like the republican plan, MAGA
I won't WHAT
Why do they continually say taxes only be good for the rich?
Typo
If you can't beat that in the midterms...God help us all.
Bias news huh? The very same President Trump / Staff tweets, Pecan pie, Tax plan & Flynn / WH stories+more reported on the hour, days in a row,ABC's Brian Ross suspension for false reporting aired 15 seconds just 1 day between distracting commercials Keep up the Great Work Sir!
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases (for the rich) & soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut (for the rich) in history & the WALL!

FFTW Trumpy.
You need to head for the toilet because the fecal matter is escaping via Twitter.
Robin Hood trump rob the rich help the poor .is it fair that people 20 million dollars are mad cuz they get higher taxes .
Oh look who is tweeting. The big boy in @WhiteHouse's kindergarten. Kids these day. All about socialmedia instead of doing something useful.
Tax cuts....for your rich friends. Wall contracts....for your rich friends. #EminemBitch #MORON
You are going to prison so you will learn all about big walls soon
What about the fires in Texas?
We don’t have money for a wall. What part of that you don’t get? Must be nice to spend others money!
Pee tape
these two things do not work together, on top of our billions in natural disaster damage you cant pay for this. you are bad at your job
The wall, which Mexico was going to pay for but they aren't. Taxpayers will double pay and then no tax cuts for the working man. #FAIL
So out of touch. What is ur IQ?
Have you considered changing the name of the WH to “The Big Top?” And you know.. circus music.. forget Hail to the Chief.
YOUR tax cut. Saves YOU $1b inheritance taxes you Orange crook.
I thought border security was better than ever. Americans do NOT want to pay for a f*cking wall. #TrumpIsAFuckingMoron
How you gonna pay for it?  Huge deficit increase coming will cripple US.
Democrats will fight the wall. They need to import poor people to help. That's what happens when everyone has a job.
Go to sleep foo
Well said Sir!!

Pretty sure some Democrats are Pink Floyd fans too... #JustSayin
Why dont you leave before you are impeached and go to Russia. #ImpeachTrump
Please explain how you will build your wall & rebuild our infrastructure if you make "the biggest tax cut in history."
Moron

Want you behind bars.

Lock Him Up! 
Lock Him Up!
Well what’s holding up the wall? Mexico is paying right? It’s going to be a solar wall right? Surely u weren’t lying about this right?
Both Democrats AND Republicans are united in saying you have a MASSIVE screw loose! #25THAMENDMENT
Build the wall, taxes fall, prosperity for all! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Got to play to WIN! Republicans need to go on the offensive.
Ur tax cut is 4 wealthy. @gop wont pay for federal gov't, so US will fall apart. There will b walls bt not where U think. Byebye CA #Calexit
No you jerk you want a massive tax cut for you and your rich friends even if we get $600.00 that is nothing it won’t help us
That is such a lie, Dems want rich to pay fair share you want middle class to pay.  People aren’t stupid.
Resign
The biggest tax cut only for the 1%
So scared you all are.
W PL jest tak,samo.U nas Demokraci to postkomuniści i neomarksiści.Przez 26 lat do 2015 zrujnowali nasza gosodarkę.Brawo Donald Trump!
@realDonaldTrump it would be nice if we had articles of impeachment!
Actually it doesn't look like the Republicans really do want the wall. You want the wall and you attack Republicans. Not smart
The Democrats are the one saving this country from your failed dictatorship
The Democrats are the one who will retake the house and the senate in 2018. Why? Because of you
The Democrats are the ones who will beat disgusting people like this want to be Senator.
Republicans and Democrats are the ones who will impeach you and force you to resign
Mueller investigation is heating up... he's losing it!!
Take that IQ test, President Dipshit! #maga
Mr. PRESIDENT to you! Get ready for work!
Not my president
Yeah, and thank god Prince Charles isn’t my tampon.
I think we can agree that would physiologically dangerous
Yes, & i laugh because he is ‘not my prince...’ he is yours. Is he still talking to his plants?
You willingly vote for your moron to have the bomb. Ours produces a range of jams & biscuits.
And a dead mom to his only children.
Do you know what a budget is ? Do you realize you, the bankruptcy king will destroy us financially. @Gop how much of your souls did you
Give to citizens united and Russia?
Dems don't want massive taxes. They want the wealthiest to pay their fair share while cutting lower and
How will you pay for the wall with tax cuts?
Did you ever hear about the budget?  How do you balance it if you increase spending and reduce taxes?  Please explain
You have no clue how balancing a budget works, do you?  You want to spend more money and take in less.  That's how you go bankrupt, but surely you know all about that!
he only know how to declare bankruptcy
That's right!!!  I just hope the Republicans don't wimp out again!
MR T, PLEASE DON'T COMPROMISE WHAT U REALLY WANT OF TAX REFORM 4 AMERICAN WORKER & SMALL BUSINESS. ALREADY TALK OF HALF OF WHAT YOU WANTED.
Here’s an idea, have each state pay the salary of all their representatives to include their staff. That save us 1.3B in tax payer dollars!
Make it happen, Sir!
Democratic/Muslim, slave/master  dynamic. Open boarders supply uneducated "slaves" to manipulate & enrage into a militia to riot and kill.
Drain the swamp
Whos with me?
FUCK TRUMP!!!
The WAll is stupid! Build it arround yourself. Look at Germany. The  ,croud‘ is stronger as you!
Let's win and get what Americans need.
Fight for that wall! We will settle for nothing less!

@Mike_Beacham D's have NO PROBLEM RAISING TAXES. If it weren't so irritating it'd be funny hearing D's concerns on tax bill
Dems are TOTALLY AGAINST anything that will benefit America & her citizens. They HATE our country. How sad is that? Thank GOD for you! #MAGA
Because we base our votes on facts not hateful racist lies.
Haha! Get off the liberal Kool-aid. I was once a Dem myself, until I woke up to their real agenda. They just want to destroy our way of life
Equal rights?
Equal rights? They don't even allow free speech anymore. There's a riot every time a conservative speaks somewhere. Wake up and look around.
Sources please...
Haha if you don't know i can't help you. Search anything #Antifa
tax cuts for billionaires who donated to your campaign fund! the average citizen get nothing from your plan.  Kick backs to GOP donors - 
The dems would prefer most of us to be slaves to government handouts!
Such a lie its pathetic 
YOUR Taxcuts R 4RICH 
NOT Forgotten People
NOT left-behind Americans 

#MAGA base will b hurt w YOUR ELITE policies
You are a liar!!! You're followers will see it. Hopefully, it won't be too late. #WorstPresidentEver #SerialLyingTrump #ImpeachTrump

Too bad that a lot of Republicans DON'T want the wall, but YOU wouldn't know, being the President and all..
O h  w a i t
Dems want to spend money on people. Like healthy lunches for kids, education, Puerto Rico, Texas, Florida, the wildfire devastation in NWest
FAKE NEWS!!!  Democrats want tax cuts for poor and middle income Americans.  You want cuts for uber wealthy.
It’s about the time for tax cut for sure
BUILD THE WALL THAT MEXICO WONT PAY FOR. GREAT IDEA. LOL.
Stop your pathological lying already.
No, the Dems don’t want the richest people in USA to get tax cuts. Middle class needs relief not billionaires and their corporations.

The MAJORITY of us want lower tax for Lower/Middle classes. HIGHER for the Upper 5% and Businesses. TRICKLE DOWN NEVER WORKS, ask Regean!
How about we start with SENSIBLE gun controls that are known to work the world over ? That will save hundreds of billions alone.
You got that right biggest tax cut for the 1%.
You are such a liar fooling your base
.@realDonaldTrump you slept through math class didn't you. What an idiotic statement.
Many people of both parties want nothing to do with you or your wall.
Republicans are as bad as you are!  Crooks, thieves and no moral compass - the cash and carry party
You tax cut will put us more in debt.
You just can't tell the truth can you. A demagogue with a divisive idealology.
No.nobody wants your ridiculous wall
#stupidwall
If you want that god forsaken wall, pay for it yourself!
We don't want a wall (cost would be absurd) Just give border patrols men $ and technology.
Build that wall, end DACA  repeal ACA, simplify tax code and provide Americans with tax relief. Drain the swamp and please MAGA.
Pushing polarity once again !  Take a Twitter break!
Oh Babs. U hate when people push back against the Lib/Dem agenda
Last Nov. comes 2mind.
I suggest YOU take an insanity break
Donny, how're you gonna pay for a wall with no taxes?
You keep saying what the democrats and republicans want. Reps control WH, senate and house but you can't pass anything.
Now we can call you president obvious!!!! There are so many things you do well.
Not really. This Democrat wants a "RESPONSIBLE" Federal Government AND a "Responsible President".  So far, I'm striking out! MayB Next Time?
...and the FMCSA, electronic logs, and the ATA to get off truckers' backs, IRS, too.
https://www.facebook.com/VIRALMUSICNOW/videos/510618602637208/ …
Is that why your approval rating today dropped to 32%?
The Wall is a cool show I like @nerdist Chris Hardwick
And, neither will get anything.
Really? I haven’t heard one dem say let’s increase taxes? And we already have border security

Really?  That’s good to know bc I’m a democrat and don’t want those things.  Hmmmmm.   
If all goes well, the only walls you'll be looking at is in a 8x6 cell.
Get the wall and taxes done please,make it safe too he'll with dems and republican dems
And actors Al wack jobs
Say, did you ever get Mexico to pay for that wall? You know, like you promised?
Thanka Obama!
Are you just incapable of telling the truth , you are a sociopath
You want a wall... WE want your tax returns..
Maybe you should consider forgoing the stupid wall and focus on #santarosastrong and #PuertoRicoRecovery
I want THE WALL! Tired of illegals crossing into USA & NOT PAYING A DIME OF INCOME TAX! Why should I work & be taxed to support illegals???
hey i don’t want a deduction on my taxes because i don’t have medical insurance. could you fix that? #ThanksObama

Where do you go hunting liberals to block? They are in abundance on Donald Trumps tweets.  Like fish in a bucket!  Block block block!
Not just any old liberals either.  These are the Brainwashed mindless liberal sheep!!!
NO ONE WANTS "the wall" "Presdident" tRump but YOU!  WALL IS BAD!!
Every time republicans cut taxes it's only for the rich and every body in the middle class has to pay more we support the govt.
If so many of you don't want the cuts.  Don't claim them. Figure out what you would have paid previously and you can give it back.

Oh My #God vs @realDonaldTrump indeed insane evil heartless inhuman Trump dangerous for us #Americans with #World #People in nation we Amen.
Please provide proof or source of your statements.
Let the illegals then throw them over it!
They only want a tax cut for increase on the rich and the corporations that don’t pay there share now! Include you!!
You have something loose somewhere....
This is so patently false it’s pathetic you are still lying about it
You aren't going to build shit
My God demo are insane
Your tax "cuts" are going to screw us.
Only you believes this statement. Looking forward to see your planned tax increases to the top 10%. Keep loopholes for them?
Just another EVERYDAY TRUMP LIE.   The Dems want tax cuts no more than the Reps and other rich people.   They just want them given EQUALLY

I'm pretty sure America would love a president that wants whats best for democrats and republicans. we are all Americans you took an oath
#Puking right now
Wow he still wants his wall 
Only you Don John - running out off money, getting control of the budget MR Businessman LMAO
Thank you Mr. President !
Make it happen! Please??
NO WALL
Both pieces of legislation benefit you and your wealthy constituents and will saddle average people with massive debt for years.
Trickle down economics just don't work. We don't want your table scraps.
Hope the RINOs side for what is right for USA CITIZENS—Tax Reform/Reduction & the Wall!
#blockadekurdistan.
We want the Dumpists out of our WH. #MAFIA
liar...liar...pants on fire...
No wall ever
Yes we do . The democrats lost !!!!
What is wrong with those Democrats? They can only advertise that tax cuts benefit the rich. Show the Nation it isn't so.
I want NO stupid WALL!!! The Democrats don’t want tax increases! Tell the truth for a change!
You don't even know what you're talking about. But, that hasn't stopped you for 70 years, so why start now, right?
Blah blah I don’t know my job blah blah dumber than box of rocks btw You are the president of Virgin Islands blah indictments
This is fake news...the  is speaking 4 the minority of the GOP who wants an overpriced picket fence & tax cuts for the rich #OrangeClown
GOP TAX CUTS: won't be Tax Cut for ordinary peeps-Tax Bill should go UP about $1,800 for most peeps earning between $80-160k @SenToomey
You go President T!!
Mr President, I can’t put my kids to public school in California because 90% of students (most illegal) are latinos ganging up on whites
