 where are they?
In
Sure... I *believe* in you like I believe in Santa, the Easter bunny, tooth fairy, & unicorns. #altfacts #NotMyPresident
@realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/swear_trek/status/863046282172125184 …
#OMG how can I fusos no my study when you have a special report that have no matter to us.
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are bei...

@realDonaldTrump  please send your pres. photo down to the military units. currently have photo not available!This is important to ur troops
Why are "you" meeting with the largest business leaders"? I didnt realize that this was your Job?
He lies!
why is the Keystone pipeline not built with American made steel as you have promissed it will be?
President Obama gets the credit for creating jobs in January!
e. I don't think so!!! The only thing he can take credit for is trying to give America away
doing a good job. Keep going. Do not let the people that lack the ability to see what you are really doing discourage you.
, yes such a great job he is doing! Thats why people are calling the POTUS a lier!!
America thanks you Mr. President. You keep your promises and are an honorable man.
I think he is going to be the best President ever and has the sweetest and prettiest First Lady !
thank you Mr president Trump for trying your best
So why are you doing business overseas?
American not good enough for you?
We don't need any immigration at this time. We have millions without jobs, an oversupply of labor
exactly 95 million out of work, homeless ppl slow down on immigrants
great point Lynda! Immigration is for when our country needs it, not when others demand it
dont you mean you're looking for new ways to fill your pockets? Thats all yall care about
MostPeople in California are troubled by the win, If they want to be this way They should be walled in So true
I think it is time for them all to leave Bruce can play Baby we were born to run As he exits our America
They are Animals I heard all this last night from people who live there, I was in shock Not In Our America
It's completely run by the drug cartels
gonna release your taxes in the meantime?
you seriously think that's a real issue? You must live a charmed life.
there's a lot of issues. A hell of a lot.
no one has been able to clearly define them. I see a lot of lemming behavior and irrational accusations.
fairly sure that's the only reason cheeto hitler got elected? 
again you lemmings resort to same old tired terms. Visit the holocaust museum and get back to me.
I have... have you?
yes. About 30 years ago talked to a couple who, as children, survived the camps. Made an impact.
Obama will go down as the worst president in history!
I don't think so. You will. Watch and see.
pray for Arnold when you meet.

The resistance? You people are funny! Now get a life! We dealt with Obama and his mess for 8 yrs. our turn
what mess, you delusional fool???
oh let's see the economy, health care disaster, loss of respect from countries, unemployment!!!
yes, all those things have happened now that trump is POTUS. He's a disaster
time will tell, I have no worry, of course some people want the gov. telling them how to live .
Res T....you will like Cats review of the newspaper Media..www.winstonchurchillthecatblog.com Thanks again from LV
#rabbit
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
@POTUS Why not start with bringing YOURS back?? #HypocriteLiar. Sad.
Who cares about the bad jobs, right? You know, like the folks making products for you outside the U.S.
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
lets see your  plan. Or did you  make it  up.  Let's see  your  tax returns
Interested to see what your plans are concerning health care and tax reform. Will tax reform be retroactive?
Pharmaceutical CEO's in attendance are already leaking that you made no mention of holding down drug costs to Americans
I trust in God for your success. Keep the faith.
"Crafted now"! You couldn't craft a fart in a crap factory you "So called" excuse for a president!
wth dont u have a replacement yet for #Obamacare wth have u & #Republicans been doing? #poorleadership
taxes! I want 2 be smart,2! I want 2 follow in ur footsteps. I don't want 2 pay my taxes either. How did you get away w/it?
while you're at it, Mr. President, please have the biggest racist of all-Al Sharpton arrested for tax evasion...
like your making tax bills for people to pay more?
The BIGGEST! You talk like an eight year old.
Where's your tax returns? Y'know you said you'll realease them
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK! You're just what Middle Class AMERICA PRAYED FOR!!!
all bluster
make Wall Street great again!  How many Goldman Sachs people are now in your cabinet or advising?  Corrupt!
that was from Obama's time don't take the credit you fake Prez!
I thought you said they already had been, FAKE PRESIDENT.
@CriswellsOk Time for EBT abusers to get to WORK. Ha ha ha
remember water is life Without it no jobs will matter .. trees too
what kind of jobs?
AND lower prescription drug prices! YES!!
@LouDobbs GO PRESIDENT TRUMP GO!
i think u have itching for Muslim
Thank u mr president.so gratefull to u

Obama Admin: Trump Lying About Raid That Killed Navy Seal http://news.groopspeak.com/obama-admin-trump-lying-about-raid-that-killed-navy-seal/ …
. We love what you are doing Mr. President! Thank you!
You're playing with people's lives due to the fact that you think you're so smart you don't need intel to help. Unpatriotic
love it im.a deplorable
It's great to see all the protests against @realDonaldTrump and his illegitimate executive orders. Expect him to lose all court cases.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I own a small business in Ohio and I can't seem to get ahead due to the fact I get taxed the hell outta me
your doing great President Trump!
Jeff sessions should NOT resign
-don't let it happen--it's the DEMS sabatoging again
You mean to say thst lobbyists are crafting these bills.
Politicians silence on the only fix for obscene healthcare costs is  deafening #Obamacare https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdCh1PuFq54 …
thanks Mr. President aka "Daddy" lol
Are you talking about YOUR taxes?
Thank you for releasing them dear, brilliant Mr. Trump.  Vindication is near!!!
: I'll wait and see.  I'll be the first to congratulate you after you represent ALL Americans.
@POTUS
.  U go Donald.
go get  them Donald ..keep up the great work.
are your companies coming back also?? So exciting. Lol
Not with WalMart. They are the reason for unemployment levels being so high. Questionnaires on applications must go.
We are this country,  We The People, you work for us, and we don't like something you should pay attention!!!
where in Donald's dream world
bring it on Donald we are ready to turn this around
can't wait. what about social security?  give me my money back and let me secure my own retirement.
what I'm reading about your tax bill stinks...
i'm a husband and father of 4. family of 6 if you can't figure that out. I need as many ways to keep more of my $ as poss..
oops, never mind you decided to take a vacation instead.
the Republicans had 8 years to come up with a better plan and have yet to do it! Good work!! #trumpisanasshat
With your tax plan inflation is going to go thru the roof! You are a total nut job! You should be impeached!
freaking orange pshyco #clown #PuppetPresident
you sure seem hypocritical when you preach against foreigners yet subsidize foreign airlines—taking jobs away from America.
THANK YOU for your hard work Mr. President!
Sorry but what I heard with you're ban they don't want to do business in the United States. You're puppet master knows this
Not with your approach. I'd tell you to read the financial press, but you'd say it was Fake News.
keep up the good work
between millions who will die without health care and mass deportations there will be plenty of jobs 4 all the white folk.
... Thank You!!
Thank you Mr. President. Praying for you always.
nice to see having stolen and destroyed the rest of the world usa us now destroying usa
Taxes bet your pals are all lining up, as if it were welfare check day
Lol! For real.
Word goes that the GOP is pedaling back on ACA replacement and tax cuts....You can VETO budget like Obama did. Use screw

@POTUS show us the plans for health care and how you won't #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Really?
Speaking of Taxes, Where are your returns?
keep up the good work Mr President.  Happy to have you in the white house
you are by far the most interesting person on Twitter since twitter was established. It's like they've built twitter for u
you must  be a great guy but America means the whole wold ,.and if you care ,care for all
you going to hold that health care promise Ober American heads til the next election
keep it up your doing a great job. Thank you so much.
God bless you sir and Thank you!
WHEN?????
all security system must activate
Can you believe it?  Unemployment just went up since you were elected! DISASTER!
Would LOVE for you to elaborate.
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
liar you don't even make yours or your families products here! Fool your base, the rest of US have our eyes open!
is that before or after we lose all our tourist industry jobs due to your ban?
We have Obama tho thank for that...
Please!  You're gonna screw all us over for your own profit and that of your rich buddies.  No one is fooled #RESISTANCE
thank you President Trump.  On 2/28 losing my job. I had to sign up for Obama care. Humiliated.  Please help us with jobs!
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
everyone hates you and laughs behind your back. You have earned scorn, not respect. Obama is so superior to you!
5 words ,  We are praying for you. Safety, Health, Strength, Wisdom,  Ear to Heaven
Republicans had 8 years to craft a replacement Obamacare and still can't come up this something better!
Great you've met with leaders of companies that already earn billions in profits. Where were small businesses represented?
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
Real health care or alternative health care?  Access to health care means nothing if you can't afford it!
@POTUS 
your team is doing great, I'm proud I voted for Trump.
@POTUS perfecto donald retorno de Trabajo a u.s.a.para que haya trabajo hasta para el perro, el gato ,.No más china.
most of these jobs were Obamas doing. Not yours. U r setting us up for economic failure w ur exec orders no bailout again
Jobs are obsolete and so are your world views
you are doing nothing but lying to people you are all about yourself
When will we see the infrastructure repair program you promised?
Biggest by weight? Biggest by height? If you weren't President you wouldn't be at "biggest business leaders" meeting. Sad!
Who needs the media's diluted twist on what @realDonaldTrump says when I can get it directly from him on Twitter?
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
@KevinGatachica I LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!! THANK YOU!!
will Americans still be fined on their taxes for not having health insurance? Obama care sucks!!!
Mr. President, make sure its the supply chain that you bring back home, that's what will have an impact.
You're so false.  No mention of all the businesses that dropped out b/c they would suffer from association with you.
I HOPE SO, HC IS A DISASTER. WHY CANT WE THE PEOPLE HAVE THE SAME HC AS ELECTED OFFICIALS ? W/O PAYING (JUST LIKE THEM)
What did you give away? Just like in Indy, you gave millions of Indiana money to a company to keep workers here. Jobs left.
throwing him in the slammer is a good start to making America great again!
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
What happened to Uber, sweetie?  Like Disney, probably a scheduling conflict
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
- except no they're not.  I know they're not because you say they are.
You met with Harley Davidson. Remember? They're ALREADY IN THE U.S.
Please drain the guest worker programs that are taking our IT jobs too!
stay off twitter and get the jobs! Jesus why do have to stroked every day
@POTUS 
Doing a good job..
nice to see the same lies still linger on
next they may learn to read
wow! I see some trump supporters hsvr learned to write this morning@
Mr. President :U ROCK, 'my friend'! May The Good Lord be with you & your A+  family-ALWAYS! _MAGA_ THANK YOU !
Im pharm Chemist retiref Biochem 89 2 90 NO Rx Md Lab etc since 84 Have PROOF MEDICARE ROBBED  BILLIONS X DAY USA
I'm, for one, glad to see this.  One issue at a time folks,  gotta stay positive!
yaayy more expensive goods that we can't afford? Thank god. I love when prices increase
yes jobs Walmart I was treated terrible and can't get a job lol racist woman black and I am white
Awesome!
show your taxes Mr.
may GOD Bless you, America and Israel
soooo... many haters that haven't had to feel the pain of the working class
so much we don't know or have been brainwashed in believing
so cool that you are wearing your heart on your sleeve and letting us peons know what the government has been hiding
Mr.President  continue to make America great again.

Thank you
