I will sleep great to night knowing we have a real man and an American loving man back in the W House
Where was the world media when Barack Obama created this refuge crisis ?
You've got to love it when when people from all over the world petition to tell us what's un-American
Would somebody please tell John McCain his capacity, I think he's confused and thinks he's the president !

save taxi industry
bing bong bing bong bing bong
Why do you speak about yourself inn the third Person? Do you think that Donald trump isn't you? Dementia Donny
Thanks for telling me upset means angry.  I'm so glad you value being transparent.
You're giving thanks to the guy who wrote Wired?
yeah who would actually think that Bob Woodward would be on Trump side it was an unbelievable interview on Fox Sunday.
ç
Woodward's known for ingratiating himself with GOP and Fox News, so there's that. I trust Bernstein, not W pal Bob.
If there is, I don't know what could possibly stick, seeing how Congress ignores all criminal Trump behavior.
Obama signed more executive orders than any other president of the US. He is the worst we've ever had & we had Carter
Boom!
maybe not published to general, but presented to President and Trump. Otherwise, they would have been blindsided if used
.agaist Trump.
No one with intelligence believes your sons will run your businesses with no instructions from you. Use a completely blind trust or RESIGN.
Oh, that's rich, a Socialist, @OfficialSPGB whose ideology is responsible for 100 Million murders, counsels @realDonaldTrump on ethics;)
Socialism’s never existed so it’s killed no one. It’s CAPITALISM under right & left wing control that’s done ALL the killing.
Nice try,
The word "Nazi" is short for Nationalsozialist.
National Socialist German Worker's Party.
Hitler was a Socialist
Nazis called themselves ‘socialist’ just to dupe voters. They killed rivals who actually wanted socialism. http://www.csun.edu/~vcmth00m/NazismSocialism.html …
Socialism is just a precursor to Communism. Russia, China, Cuba, North Korea all committed mass murder of 100 Million citizens
Actual socialism/communism are THE SAME THING. The Soviet Union etc had/have STATE CAPITALISM. Google it. Do some learning.
Stop reading Socialist propaganda. Every country that has tried Socialism has ended up murdering those that would not comply.
#unPOTUS #DEMFORCE
#demforce #unPOTUS
#demforce #unPOTUS
Hey, Trump. Feel like breaking a record? #TheResistance #DemForce
sore looser...youd prefer killery!
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
What you say about all the evidence you said you had for where Obama was born?  That garbage stinks more
the ppl of America.. USA.. Should get behind you and respect you...this is a disgrace , a shame.
you know they told you about it so you would know how to handle it when it came out. Fake or not.2 stupid to understand smh
Says Donnie the birther.
the documents sitting on the table at your press conference are garbage.
My mother was more of a man then you.
Disavow Russia email server hack
Trump won't release his taxes because it's not required pretty simple. Get a life and move on
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
Of course it's garbage doc; but, #WoodWard=#NWO #NaZi trash:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMejXokfEzA …
"Daddy #Bush=#DeepThroat"-SW
then why cant he go hug that electric transformer at whitehouse?
IF Russia put out fake dossier kinda proves they don't want a President Trump either!!!
So much liberal hate in this country.
Problem is your anger is out of control and it gives license to others to throw their anger around irresponsibly.
garbage in garbage out, just like Jill recount. Deseperado
Why didn't feel you feel that way when Comey said "looking into more emails" days be4 election
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
we the people are upset!  There is something about you that consistently becomes scandal #gohometrumpgetout
didn't you ban the wash. post from your rallies?
don't expect T to know all the shitty things he has done, said, or lied about. It's exhausting being a ASS.
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered

You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
Bernstein disagrees
"The [whiner-President] doth protest too much, methinks."--Shakespeare #wordtothewise #RESISTANCE #GUILTY !
oh great and wise leader, thanks for telling me upsent and angry were synonyms.
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
says Woodward who relied upon someone from the intelligence community to...was it Watergate?
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
@skypokers

you were being a shameful American. Not how it's done in this country.! Where is respect? Why you do this?
haha does Bob W know you are quoting him because most of the time...you are lying that someone said something
This is the first thing you've said that I agree with. Just stop blaming CNN for Buzzfeed's fuck-up.
Said the man who believes the NATIONAL ENQUIRER should win a Pulitzer Prize!
that "garbage document" is getting your presidency revoked and put away for a while.  #Trump4Prison2017
So, are you sying now that it was presented?
Garbage like your economic policy?
Any way you can make media go away permanently? Only a drunk irishman could possibly believe this crap.....
delete your account
i hope you paid him well for that lie
Interesting what u picked out, but not surprising...misleading and conflating the facts of the information.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
Oh donna you maje me laugh....
So True!!!!!!!!
pleaseeee, stop being childish grow up 70 year old man.
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
.@realDonaldTrump #PutinsGoldenPuppet #PeePeeGate #UrineTroubleNow #TinyHands
Sorry Woodward didn't say that, stop lying.
We all know you had to rig the election to only lose by 3 million votes
lololol you will NEVER EVER live this down. You'll always be the pissy tiny handed toddler envious of a Black man

true
BooHoo Wah! Cry more ManChild  @KellyannePolls #MLKDAY
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
Brennen, CIA, Hahaha, remember the film "Spies like Us" with Chevy Chase LOL, "Intelligence", Liars, Cheats and Thieves.
-DT should not be angry about the document-it ought to be BEYOND his contempt,this proves just how low some people stoop to!
None of us are surprised to find out about your micro-penis or need to be peed on. I'd be shocked to hear you're normal.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you would be twice as funny as you are.
something crawled into Woodward ' s head, he got it right.
You're nothing but a modern day J.Edgar Hoover
this is so sad how you ran your campaign and now want to talk about bringing everyone together. The next 4 years
Remember, it's better to be pissed on than to be pissed off!!!
A lot of people are upset.
NOW it's time to fix all these things that are upsetting. We are weary with being JUST angry.Act
We have the right to have it investigated.
how are the water sports, Donald?
with u
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
Drumph, you are always angry and upset because you cannot handle criticism like an adult.  You are mentally ill / unfit.
I usually am in agreement with Woodward , but this time he's dead wrong
#makeamericawhiteagain
it should have been to you for your protection.
I do not inspect you to solve everything but bringing light into darkness necessary.The united States must cease to hurt me
Ashley Wood Apartment must removed the government spy along with chemicals and devices out of the Unit A below my Unit.
@KellyannePolls quote all of what Woodward said  http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/17/politics/woodward-bernstein-talk-trump-dossier-cnntv/index.html …
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
USA, "sad" (&MAD)
How much $$$ you paid him.
Why dont you prove it is fake? Russian hookers have more credibility than illegitimate "president". Miss yr tax returns too
What's the big deal about democrat boycotts? That will get more room for people that love America.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Don't focus on it now.  Enjoy your victory!
WE have the right to filter our OWN news.  YOU do not get to do that for us.  You lauded NAT ENQUIRER.  I ? your judgment!
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
Praying for you. I just hope you will show more restraint in your tweets moving forward and focus on unifying our country.
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
it was trash and john mc cain knew it!he should have never passed it to the fbi!
Show me your tax returns, Donald. I care.
Also seen it, where some employees would create phony memo & circulate it, outlining which employees would be dismissed..
I’d give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
thin skin won't help you while in office. Grow up
and he works for Wiki....

Their are socialist countries.. some of you all should try them out.
in this instance Bob Woodward was wrong! It does need to be presented and reported. The people need to know about it!!
it just shows how bitter losers can get. We all know they were LIES-LIES and more LIES! @youtubewoody
Lol!
I wouldn't give Bob Woodward any credibility...
#JesuisTrump
About as sharp as a shoelace
do you always talk about your self in third person.  Your probably leaked it your self or one of your cronies.
this government & people are becoming weak and accepting to inject harmful chemicals in my unit to infect my sinuses_brain
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
the King of #falseAllegations doesn't do well in a competitive market. #Trump reaping what he has sown regarding #FakeNews.
As all americans should be respected too

