You do realize that Congress' "loyalty" should lie with the people of the USA, not the party, and definitely not to you... right? 
Of course he doesn't. Don't be silly. ;)
Hahaha, what was I thinking? A president who knows how this gov't is supposed to work... what a pipe dream! 
Yeah, only functional countries get things like "people who know what they're doing." Failed states like us?
... we get Annoying Orange instead. 
Better orange than red like socislist bernie or traitor clinton....
Found one.
Go home you're trump
Carton courtesy of the @bellevillenewsd
Ain't that the sorry truth
I thought it sort of hit the nail on the head
#StayForAugust #KeepWorking
As he has done so easily in the past & present, OBAMA beats you again. You will NEVER beat him, you R out of his league. You'll always lose
Even Batman had a sidekick. Can I call you, BATGIRL?
Hell to the yes , u can call me batgirl! Shoot, I know that's right. I'm batgirl!!!!
Grateful for the Representatives and Senators that actually listened to their constituents and did what is right for our country.

Total REPEAL! The plan is no good! 

Get Government and Insurance out of Medicine & let Doctors do their job!
Like a shit covered boomerang.
Maybe u r confused.YOUR  party has control of BOTH the House&Senate. Dems had nothing 2 do w/your failure. #Delusional
You didn't even try to involve the DEMs tho...via hearings etc...
The Democrats
By GOP design
Had nothing to do with it
This failure is yours, @realDonaldTrump

You own this, your latest failure
#badchicken
WE THE PEOPLE were supported by Senators against your evildoing! Perhaps this will help you grow up and understand wrongdoing in AMERICA!
That's so RIGHT !! Don't be disappointed. I'm pretty sure those people don't have the ability to learn. You were nice for saying that.
We are constantly let down by you. Like constantly. Every. Single. Day.

Mr President we are going to help you drain the swamp by trying hard to vote out everyone up for re-election in 2018.
Agreed. #CongressDoYourJob
Loyalty (n.) abandoning reason and morals by supporting a tyrants greedy agenda in exchange for money or other material reward
You control the house the Senate and the White House.... you're disgraceful. I'm ashamed of you. Resign
It is a bummer when you throw a party and no one comes. Sad.
Look at the CBO report.  The Republican bill created a monstrosity!   No decent human being could support it.
Country before party, fella. Loyalty is for the mob,  not politics. As so-called president you should know this. Sad
What do you mean "loyal"? To You? To party dogma?. Stop being weird.
You could have fixed the problems with ocare,now look at the mess you and your base created.Shame on you and the rest of the gop
We love you Mr. President God's strength be on you. We are praying for you. Be confident God put you in the place of the presidency.
Your god sent him a message 2nite. If winning (+$) is god's approval of "good people," god's telling #tRump (+#GOP) he's being bigly bad.SAD
240 million people in the US if we all paid $50 a piece do the math health insurance companies no bailout trillions of dollars mismanaged
Past ministration mismanage trillions of dollars start a clean slate and put a trillion dollars into Healthcare
Most definitely!
Again with the loyalty stuff. How very Dictator of you
He just doesn't get that he's not King of the world.
Vote those Reps out!
Thanks POTUS FOR MAGA! God bless.
Recently had a procedure, billed amt $8600, negoiated amt $2300, insurance amt $1700, covered amt $1200
@VP@NatlGovsAssoc:14th Amend:pd Anarchists=REBELLION-fingerprint all;44 PresBO/czars ENGAGED INSURRECTION/aid-Comfort our Enemies=TREASON
@VP@NatlGovsAssoc33 R Govs with State Legis: REPEAL part 17th Amend:ELECT SENATORS ACC CONSTITUTION-Article 1, Section 3! SAVE OUR NATION
R's against POTUS=losers;D's self-destruct! WE PEOPLE with POTUS-GOOD MAN/GREAT LDR! USA  AMERICA WINNING AGAIN! GOD-BIBLE/FAMILY/COUNTRY
Now is time for 33 R Govrs with their R State Legis to Propose 28th Amend: TERM LIMITS CONGRESS-REPEAL Obamacare-unconsti SAVE OUR NATION
WE LOVE YOU !! Stay strong ! Prayers for you and family everyday !!!'
we were let down by people who listened to their constituents?  You're dumber than I originally thought. SAD!
"Loyal"? To who??? Trumpcare ONLY has a 17% approval rating among AMERICAN citizens! Take your dictator BS to Russia, traitor!! GTFO!
You only have a few on your team @potus we will try to change that next election
And America has been let down by YOU, do US all a favor and RESIGN, YOU will NEVER BE Great at anything built on LIES
Do you really think that the Democrats are gullible enough to fall for your scams no we are not an we will fight you tooth & nail 4 all USA
I know. I was let down once. #RespondingToTrumpTweetsLikeTheyWereText
Donald Trump is "Flat Out" STUPID !! Who would dare be loyal to such ignorance  ... #LockTrumpUp #ImpeachTrump #DumpTrumpNow
We need a system of net costs of services, billed amounts + profit, showing what it really costs! Not the $15 asprin, $1500 room
Until real reform is made to bogus costing of care "billed list price, negoiated price, covered amts, paid amts, copay" there's no solution
Democrats don't support #rape! When you come up with a #healthcare bill that considers all Americans you'll have support.
WRONG!!! Only a few republicans were loyal to their CONSTITUENTS and the rest of us are proud of them!!!!
#Trump: "I have Congress majority, but obviously my OWN people doesn't like me, so I mention Democrats as if I need them for decisions"
#SAD
Dems weren't even allowed at the meetings!
You probably didn't know that though!
No, we weren't.  We were let down by presidency and republican majority who show no interest in America's healthcare but Only in whining.
Hospitals discount 35 to 50% for cash if you don't have insurance, what does that tell you? Insurance is a scam, number one cost of care!
You gotta go!
who would want to work or be afflleated with you you are toxic
I wouldn't day most Repubs. The traitors will find out in the next election!
Americans want #FullRepeal #NoBailouts
Democrats ruined our healthcare along with many other things and you people are bashing Trump. Were you asleep for 8 years
You have lost 20 people. What does that say about your mental capacity. Alzheimer's is around the corner baffoon

Look up the word loyalty, see how your friends apply the term,  the please JUST STOP being president.
We were let down by you and your treasonous family
Im Independant but have never seen such lies, corruption, hate, & greed as from today's republican/Rethuglican Party of traitors-very sad.
U really need to get a tutor on the constitution, presidency & government U clearly don't understand This is not 1 of ur businesses or show
you let all of us down, no return
Loyal... there you go again, Don Corleone. Shame your whole family is a bunch of Fredos, and no Michaels.
Make us defence and army stronger sir
Why didn't you invite the Dems to the table to create this bill together. You wanted all the glory. You got what you deserved.
They should be loyal to their voters, not your regime.
@BigLeague_2016 time not only to drain but also disinfect thoroughly the swamp. Immunity of politicians must go. Muck out
You suck. Please resign.
Where is your "terrific, great, wonderful" health care plan? Trump Care is a failure and you own it. No excuse. You have the presidency. Sad
You own the House & Senate & still can't pass your hateful bills. Not the Democrats" fault. You promised cheaper & better. Deliver or lose.
I can hardly wait until your criminal family is brought down and you are charged with treason.
going to the N.Y. slimes was a really, really bad choice.
Being "loyal" is not their job. Doing what is right by the people is their job. Party lines are not absolute nor should they be.
What do you k ow about hard work?
Breaking up is the worst’
Party loyalty isn't what the American people want.
Translation- 3 Republicans represent the people that elected them. #25thAmendmentNow
There goes that loyalty shit again...
#FullRepeal
I proud of you Mr trump
another well rounded tweet. #bestpresidentofalltime
the fact that you speak about party loyalty rather than doing what's best for the people sickens me.
Lying don U useless buffoon.The senators who said no were loyal to those who elected them. Get off your dictator platform or move to Russia
You failed and must admit it. Congress will be democrat-led next year!
YOU'RE FIRED! Democrats/Republicans [@dnc @GOP] who failed to #Repeal who failed to support @POTUS 

@realDonaldTrump
@SHSanders45
@Chris11962
@TreySearuler 
Please take 5 minutes  of your times to read some important letters .
Loyal? To whom?... Their party? Their President? Or their Constituents?
That's because your team held closed door sessions and shut out America on national #heathcare changes that would affect millions of people.
Loyal to whom? This loyalty you seek will be your downfall. There should only be loyalty to the American people, not to you. Go to Russia.
Did you say return?  Like in tax returns?  So excited!
So the next day, you talk trash about Republicans who have been loyal to you? With friends like you, they don't need enemies for sure! Sad.
sorry just seeing this. what's in the bill the dems and a few republicans opposed? if you don't respond I'll assume you don't know
You weren't "let down" by anyone. You've long since stopped listening to dissenting opinions.
@Mikebla28456888 As long as there is a complete and #FullRepeal, disaster is averted. #RepealAndReplace is just swamp water
Resign.
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
why don't you just leave and go live in Russia with your boy toy, Putin!!
so much for your magical deal making skills.  Sad.  Lame. Loser.
The rest of America is rejoicing!!
No. You have let down every American you promised to protect. You don't even MENTION the American people and the fact that YOU serve US.
You are one Republican who let down all and they are following Trump $.You are headed down a long, bad road! You can fire all and be caught!
Sounds like a win for dems. "Let down" is participation award talk.
Where are you going?
You Must arrest, convict and sentence obama to Death for high treason to America or he will keep making trouble 4 Patriots
So.  Do you expect us to believe that you didn't know the score, or are you misleading your base into blaming the dems?
Rinse and repeat for:  The wall, tax reform, Iran, etc.  Terribly disappointed in republican's inability to govern!
Would you buy into a deal you did not have a say in? Come on Mr. Dealmaker! You know better
Thank God for the Democratics and those few Republicans.
You let Amercians down by taking healthcare from 22million. Cuts to medicaid. Collusion w/ Russia. Obstructing elections
You wont ever be a successful President until you end this personal vendetta against former President Obama. One Term Trump
need leadership not blame I know you can do it Mr. President!
How are you Mr President
Who doesn't work hard these days ,the important thing are they doing it right ..?
Let it go you human stain! You are an embarrassment and a child!
We have been let down by you Trump you have sold America to Putin and stripping the elderly of there care and killing the disabled. Tragic
Uhoh I payback in those words.U shall get ur revenge old man.Maybe u weren't loved
Oh man. ..whenever I feel let down I just think about the Muppets and I feel better!  Hope the day improves:)
No, no you won't, Donnie. The rats are simply jumping off the sinking ship.
Loyal to who? The American people?  Or just you? Treasonous trump.
You promised better coverage for all and lower premiums.  You lied. Again.
Stopping looking at politics as a team sport and start looking to actually help the American people. For once in your life, think logically.
Dear Darth Trump,

You were not let down by a single Democrat.
Maybe the democrats & the few republicans are trying to tell you how bad Trumpcare is. The protesters in DC should be a hint. #Obamacare
What let us down was most  Republicans' shocking willingness to replace healthcare with an active threat to Americans' well-being. Own that.
Let's get a vote so the talks and amendments can begin
#POTUS45  #realDonaldTrump  #MAGA  can you even see the snakes bit g you and us?? Stop protection g those snakes they aren't with you.
Being LOYAL has nothing to do with a BAD BILL
Return to what? More evil!
LOL
I say, this is war!
Not under your crap leadership.
I am glad we let you down.
Dems let you down?  They weren't even in the discussions.  Your own cronies let you down.

Thank goodness for the senators who voted against you.
Majority of REPUBLICANS! They really want it to fail , blame you . But still they have zero plans after 8+ yrs! Drain the swamp . Mitch out!
I'm starting to think you only support this because the pile of dead people is the only pile that can dwarf the pile of lies you created.
Loyal to what
Dems and a few GOP were loyal to the people they are supposed to representing. The re$t and you, not $o much. @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr
Need FIGHTER- AG OFFICE/FBI DIR-a LDR like POTUS: e.g. Anne Coulter/Kimberly Guilfoyle/Jay Sekulow/Ted Cruz/Mike Lee/M Meadows/J Jordan 
I have a hard time believing you didn't ask Comey for loyalty when you keep using the word. Their job means being loyal to us, not you.
33 R Govs+State Legis REPEAL part #17 Amend:Elect Senators by State Legis-RETURN CONSTITUTION-Article 1,Section 3,@VP@NatlGovsAssoc SAVE USA
Did you even the bill? I mean the whole thing not just the 1st page! Pull your head out and resign.
There goes that word "Loyal" you keep making Comey look more and more honest about his encounters with you! Your vocabulary is limited!
Dude, you either need to STOP taking whatever drugs you're on...or START taking some...because you are NOT right in the head! You need HELP!
is that what Putin told you to say at the unreported dinner?
Now you know how Obama felt when Reps obstructed during his Presidency.Stop whining &focus your attention on the right things, not your ego.

So tired of the Bull sh*t!! Stop the crying @DNC you lost! Time to start working on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain remember, you can be voted out!
We look forward to the day you figure this all out, just like you promised.
The majority are too busy trying to sabotage your being president than doing their jobs. Wasting tax payers $ fighting against and not for!
The GOP should now work with the Dems to FIX the ACA, as President Obama tried to do in spite of GOP obstuction.
Make it clear to the RINOs obstructing that We The People will remember them in 2018!
@davidres1lqje and there is that LOYAL word again. No one wants to be loyal to u. U r not loyal to the American people. Lies all lies u tell
I think the saying is " I shall return " , but you have always struggled with history....bigly .
Fixed: We were saved by all of the Democrats and a few, moral, courageous Republicans who actually listened to their constituents.
Why would Dems work with GOP to take away healthcare from millions? Trumpcare has your name and is GOP's baby. Dems want no part of it.
HOW FUCKING HIGH ARE YOU?!?!?! @POTUS #AlternateFacts #AlternatePresident #PussyInChief #BlameGame #StopSniffingGlue
what does "loyalty" have to do with passing a piece of legislation? please. #realquestion
U #lying POS #TraitorTrumps
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/06/25/in-public-trump-praised-the-gops-health-care-bill-behind-closed-doors-he-called-it-mean/?utm_term=.5c6284c90bdb&wpisrc=nl_daily202&wpmm=1 …
We do not need any HC bill. Either let it fail or REPEAL it.
everyone knows you are a fraud, Donnyboy

Please don't
Interesting you use the word "loyal" 
You think rules don't apply to you. But you are a R president, with R senate and congress. History WILL hold you accountable.
Never Give Up!!!
you are fired
When will the GOP realize healthcare is not a commodity like buying a car is?  It is nessessity not luxury.  Can go bankrupt and or die!!!
Remember that t conservatives hold t same values as U spoke of when4 Pres! They R holding t GOP repubs 2 t trying 2 keep that promise!
You were not elected to be nice! #ToBeHonest
clean up the swamp...dont forget some republicans when you fo that
when you do that
Again, how can you blame the Dems when YOUR PARTY controls House and Senate? The GOP is turning on you Donny!
