#Trump reminds me of a hairdresser. Whenever you switch to a new one, he/she bitches non-stop about how crappy the work of your old one is 
A mother on welfare gets SSSI and Medicaid. She also gets SSDI for her ADD kid, food stamps and section 8 housing. Medicare recipients pay $
A little clarity. Kids don't get SSDI, just SSI. If mom's on SSDI, kid can't get SSI. Odds are if it's young mom she's on SSI, $735 max.
I know a person who got $525 a month for her son who has a learning disability. She and her husband had a combined income over $200K. I saw the check. SSDI.
He'd have to be over 18 to get SSDI, if he never worked it's DAC which means mom or dad is deceased, retired or on SSDI. Or, he's over 18 so his parents income is irrelevant, and it's SSI.
I saw the check. The boy was only a young teen.
I've seen thousands. I know how it works.
They had to babysit him all day! Lmao 
WE LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU
OUR AMERICAN PRESIDENT;
DONALD J TRUMP
This man is sicko and needs help.what he done for you other than hate and lies honey.
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &a...
What happens in the White House should stay in the White House. Too much info to the press. We live in dangerous times. Secrets are rule.
There are figures available for how much we spend. From there figure how much a 2% sales tax will provide.
We need to get out of income tax based spending. A sales tax is fair. Everyone pays.
Consider this. Medicare for everyone. No more Medicaid. Everybody buys their own supplementary. A 2% national sales tax will pay deficits.
#PersianGulf
liar
So you will be speaking to your victims list, BlueCross & BlueShield, Atena, Kaiser, UnitedHealthCare, etc?
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure!
There are no Obamacare victims u lying sack of pooh
The only victims are the ones you brought about. You're infrastructure plan is a sham!
We are the victims because of you and your minions. Yeah for Obama care
Go Back To Mar A Lago! PLEASE! Living here in Chillicothe. Ohio. Take your plane and go away! #OHIO #BUCKEYES
Who is going to be the victim during Thursday's testimony? 
I do not even have $ 1
Too bad we didn't get to "keep our plan" with obamacare! There were many changes that cost people thousands of dollars.
Obamacare has been greater than anything we've ever had before, and you want to screw us all with Trumpcare. You are an evil,sick man.
Thank you for putting us first! We, the American People, are the victims of ObamaCare.
The real victims are the states that refused to set up their own marketplace that works for them and used the federal marketplace instead
Yeah, AETNA dropping out is a huge victory!
T=trashytrumpsarelyingsackofshits. #liar #loser
I-75 in Cincinnati has been under construction for YEARS, it's ridiculous
Could not help not notice the people that don't follow you on your POTUS account seems like 13.2 don't acknowledge your presidency
Here's where you see fake president start playing with his followers on his POTUS account
CLINT EASTWOOD on #TRUMP

"He has a FEARLESS Attitude. He is GREAT!"

#LikeABOSS 
@realDonaldTrump @potus
Yes, he is.
Just as long as it's Ohio and not the United Kingdom. #AntiStateVisit #Trump
#ShowUsTheTapes!
Ah, yes, healthcare....
The "great state of Ohio"?? No one thinks Ohio is a great state.  #GoBlue
Doesn't fit your white supremacist agenda, and Daddy Bannon would be pissed.
I think WE all know  Cincinnati is in Ohio but thanks.......
Getting ready to leave and not be allowed to return, because of that obstruction of justice thing I did. Sad #amateurhouroftherichandfamous
What about the Trump victims?? Are you Cincinnati wants you to visit! What about Pittsburgh not Paris?!
No, we didn't want him here. We didn't even vote for him.  He keeps coming here to rub it in.
Hehe funny no states want him visiting! Negative vibes
It WAS cloudy today....even the Earth (especially the Earth) frowns upon him
Only his family wants him for a Billion of reasons $$!
Hope you are taking president Bannon with you..so he can tell you what to say..because.SICK<BAD<SAD etc doesn't sound good.do the fear stuff
"victims" "reform" aka "screw the little man, give to the big man" #loofafacedshitgibbon #notmypresident #orangeskinneddouchnugget
The R governor of the GREAT STATE OF OHIO hates you, as does D Sen Brown.  R Sen Portman wisely keeps his mouth shut about you.
Great job Mr President.  God bless 
Obamacare victims? That's rich coming from someone who is pushing hard to yank 23M citizens off of healthcare.
You are sabotaging Obamacare and don't care about the collateral damage. You, Donald Trump, are creating those victims.
The GOP talked about repeal and replace for years, but had/have no plan. Sabotaging Obamacare isn't a plan -- it's white-collar vandalism.
It's no laughing matter that Obamacare has screwed so many Americans and is a failure - ditch this terrible plan!
You are so wrong. Obamacare saved my mother's life. She had breast cancer, was discriminated against most of her life by insurance co's.
As a former self-employed business owner (sold my company) finding affordable insurance was a nightmare. Obamacare was easily best solution
There are countless good examples of Obamacare changing lives for the better. Who would Trumpcare help besides billionaires?
Is Obamacare perfect, no. That's because Republicans sabotaged it from start. Why don't they want the US to be No. 1 globally on healthcare?
Im a sick man in WV who voted for you. You wanna take my healthcare. I canot work, there are no coal jobs, 800 billion from medicaid? FU
There are a lot of *victims* but it's not from our previous administration. Thanks for making each day seem like 50.
Explain where she lied? She just said how she personally feels. Before you jump on the "it's all lies" train, you need to learn what one is.
There's absolutely nothing else onher page but politics - thousands of tweets w barely any followers... bot.
Not
Bot*. I corrected it for you.  yawn.
Typical brain dead liberal response. I expected nothing more from you.
R U watching your downfall?
How's that firing of Comey working out for you? Not so well? Feeling that pressure relieved? No?  SAD
Does anyone else visualize Trump in restraints right now, with his lawyers sitting on him, holding his phone out of reach?  #TheResistance
Yep!
Cin. will not be the gullible open arms. If you cared about health, you could have amended Ocare to fix where needed
I will let putin know that you love him, my little trumpbot.
Puerto Rico is dying. What's wrong with you?
Lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! COVFEFE!!!!!!
Ooooh... Many thanks and God bless you, dear Arion!! 
It's the same speech over and over: "I'm greatly, Obama messed everything up, oil, steal and coal."

Yep that's all it is.
That's a Midwest move. That's the Cake and Eat it too stance. I want high wages and to MF the democrats however I can.
Cake! Someone mentioned cake?
It's the BEST chocolate cake!
I have come here to eat chocolate cake & committ obstruction of justice because i colluded with russia... and i'm all out of chocolate cake.
You need to stay focused on the Trump Russia connection! Won't be long now & guess what? Obama did not bug Trump towers but someone did!
Nuts or what?
@POTUS ALL IS WELL! Thank you for firing COMEY! Open investigation on Loretta Lynch!
Immediately, no waiting. Needs to be open right now!
Your ratings just fell again. 
The only thing lower than my approval ratings... is my supporters IQ.

Why so silent today? We want to know what you're thinking. #tweetnow
I havent tweeted because James Comey called me a liar 5 times in his testimony today...so im busy packing bags to catch my filght to russia.
"Obamacare victims" as you try to take away the insurance of 24 million. 

I'm pretty sure the public has been loud and clear on this issue.
What the fuck is going on? Am I like the last liberal to be blocked by Trump? 

I'm in conspiracy wasteland over here in the Trump replies
I'm still not blocked either don't feel bad lol
Smh went low key on twitter and suddenly Trump tweets are a Mad Max shit show. Glad to see you here
Thunderdome!!

Comey: He dangled my job. Demanded loyalty. Wanted Flynn case dropped. Wanted Russia cloud lifted. Fired me. 
Trump: I'm totally vindicated!
You do realize that if you're mad about Lynch/Clinton you should be equally as mad about Comey/Trump/Sessions, right? Both made Comey uneasy
Oh no! "Obamacare VICTIMS".  You mean insurance company victims?
Please stay out of my State.
YOU ARE A CRIMINAL, RESIGN.
I really can't stand you. Still trying to vilify Obama instead of help people. News flash: your horrendous bill will create actual victims.
Since the ACA passed, I've had full coverage that paid for an emergency appendectomy and a hip replacement. #obamacarevictims
I see you think you can get cocky, because your mind thinks it is vindicated. My eyes have seen you.
Trying to scape the pressure you are under??
Paid stooges
Have you ever bothered to meet with those who benefited from the ACA? I can give you names. You
Comey is a patriot, you are a traitor. Full force of the FBI is taking you DOWN POTUS?
None of which you know anything about
Where are you Tweety bird, come on man send out a tweet and amuse US

We haven't seen any victims yet, they are to come dipstick
poor with no coverage??; what about the working poor who are already paying for the coverage they would have never had to begin with?
Obamacare does not have victims! Only your sorry excuse of a Healthcare plan will leave millions of victims!
They believe you because they don't think.. You said in 1986 that it is easy to run as Republican President because they are STUPID!
Why don't you meet with some Americans that Obamacare has saved their lives?
Getting the Blue-TR-116 virus with beautiful side-effects (sanity restored!) created by the mad scientist at Cincinnati University? Good! 
Explain this ! How is doctors killing people ok but citizens using a safe natural plant is put in jail ! It's bs
Is this where you push them off a cliff or make them drink the special purple drink? #Impeach45
Gonna talk to victims of your crappy plan when the time comes?
How ironic a domestic terrorist talking about someone else leaving victims. Trump stop terrorizing the world!
Diversion, a move you came to do so well. How do you explain recent attacks in Iran? Care to comment? What? Yeah that's what I thought!
Saw pictures of the crowds at your event. How much are you paying an hour now?
Those squawking need to listen to peeps buried w/huge prem huge/ded.paid BIG$$and never could use it,yeah unknown facts
The bill you passed in the house is not even being read by senate. MM is writing a whole new bill! Legislation is harder than orders eh?
Liar - you HATE Ohio.
Make sure you understand the plan before you go and how many are getting kicked off health care!!!
How well they feel when they try to find & use their TrumpCare insurance.
The real victims are those who will lose coverage under your proposed policies. Obamacare didn't turn anyone away b/c of gender or condition
what victim it not perfect but dont you mean the future victims of trumpcare
So ur going to the future trump care victims, instead of doing ur job, obviously ur low IQ prevents from doing that
how many buses were used to transport your supporters hundreds of miles for your rally?
Focus on your job! Quit trying to shift your weight! So much time being wasted! Be humble think of less fortunate.
So you can screw them more. If they believe a word you say they are more victims as you say. GOP destroyed the ACA that's why it failed
co te stamo tutti in una botte de fero
Comedy leaks
You are so damaging to this great country.
the hypocrisy is sky high just trying to getrich people more money and screw the poor. Heard of a guy called Jesus?
we need insurance. I have pre-existing and no help
Just turn all this talk into action. If any business ran like health insurance and health care nobody would buy their product.
Obamacare victims? yeah get em out that mess and take away all their healthcare. How does it feel to be hated by the world?
THE STATE OF OHIO ARE LOOSING THEIR INSURANCE THROUGH OBABMACARE! TELL THE TRUTH! BUT WE ALL KNOW THAT'S SIMPLY NOT POSSIBLE FOR YOU TO DO!!
Stop bashing Pres Obama. You, Mr Trump, are an international embarrassment.

السعودية والإمارات #وإذا_خاصم_فجر
الدبلوماسية القطرية نجحت في إخضاع الدول المقاطعة في تبرير موقفها من خلال قنوات الفجور التابعه لهم . 
More lies LAIR. Let us know when you're tired of lying
Hey dude good job!
@GOP Why will you not listen to California or Washington state where the ACA has been successful?  This is not American.  You are all greedy
Are you too afraid to go outside your base and see the other voters of America
Thank you for fight for us the American people. We are very grateful to have you.
More lies
Victims? No. When I got the shit beat out of me by my ex, that made me a victim. You're not a victim because of healthcare.
Actually, that would give me a pre-existing condition under your healthcare plan, which I take back, healthcare CAN make you a victim.
And how did that Healthcare thing and #InfrastructureWeek thing work out for you? #ComeyDay #FallOfTrump
But will you talk to the 24 million Americans you are going to abandon and make worse. You really don't have a clue do you. #shame
Next world tour......TrumpCare victims! Yippee
Donald Trump is a waste of all my senses. Hope he catch the flu
LIAR
they will soon be victims of you.
stay the hell out of ohio don't need no chump pollution here..thank you very much!
Ohio the USA state or the fake Ohio in NSW Australia which is related to the health system?
While you sabotage their healthcare!
Gotta be your people that are ignorent like you!
Ready to make 24,000,000 TRUMPCARE   VICTIMS!!!!
John Kasich is my hero. #kasich2020
Love seeing your face on my timeline. Welcome back, even if it's 2days old.
Idiot
You are trying to create millions of Obama Care victims. No empathy for the poor at all.
America is YOUR victim.
The idiot has risen from the abyss! Do America a YUGE favor & crawl back down! #LIAR #ComeyWins #TrumpLoses
"victims"
Give it up
Hold on here, "victims"? ObamaCare might not have been the best program but some people depend on it, you're taking it away
You're grammar is that of a sixth grader. #loser #bigbabypresident
Can you trade spots with Kasich while you there
You're done!  RESIGN OR BE IMPEACHED & THROWN IN JAIL!
Resign!
You will be making it easier to deny coverage to those that need it most. How pathetic of you. Always about the $$$, never the public good.
Blah blah blah, lie, blah blah blah, lie some more, blah blah blah, finish with a lie.  Done
You only go where your base is because you don't have the balls to face the rest of America. Pathetic.
Come to my State so you can meet me who is an Affordable Care Act success story. Saves me thousands of dollars,
The Great State that you have lost inthe prinaries!
What about the veterans just another group of people you are screwing over with your healthcare and budget

This is @realDonaldTrump no question about it #cnn #bbc #nbc #expressen #aftonbladet #svpol https://youtu.be/_SY_X6kAzlM  
So now you're calling people that have received health insurance for the first time in many cases "victims"? #slime

