That's weird. Just like #FVEY & USIC intercepted failing @realDonaldTrump's conversations w/ Russia! Trump has no defense muscles left! #SAD
@realDonaldTrump #中山大学 #厦门大学 #清华大学 #香港大学  #哈佛大学 #剑桥大学 #xijinping 因为 #泛亚 #云南 政府领导把云南经济搞成诈骗团伙大本营https://twitter.com/123456_1234568/status/778955577611268096/photo/1pic.twitter.com/Hfexg6nBb2 
Why are you telling us this? You're the prez, can't you confirm this? Or do you get all of your info from #FakeFoxNews?
Why are you guys not talking about Don Jr???
You might try expanding your horizons a bit. Most people take what you reTweet from Fox with a grain of salt. US version of Pravda.
Donald @realDonaldTrump Just ignore all this Fake News about Donald Jr and Russians. Fake Fake Fake. Or is it? Regardless Mueller wants in.
How could you NOT KNOW your son was in a meeting with Russia at trump tower you were there on June 16th ..lying piece of 
Stop cramming fake news down our throats. This is not Russia with only one news source. Fox is not reliable and have lower ratings. STOP
How about retweeting from credible news sources, not from a bunch of spineless toddlers.
Reporting on speculations as if they were facts  = fake news = gossip = MSNBC/CNN etc... Learn what fake news is means ppl
If the news is so fake and mere speculation, tell me why the whole bloody Trump team has lawyered up? Could it be that they are guilty?
Do you even know why they are lawyering up? Have you heard any of the reasons from FOXNews? Do they tell you these things are happening?
Maybe because they have to decipher legal documents
Well if what all you supporters are saying is true, then it's all fake news, no reason for even lawyering because it's all just fake news!
If it's so fake, why is Mueller hiring prosecutors? Hopefully, we will know soon enough.
True true! You don't hire prosecutors for no reason! You don't get dragged into courts to be questioned for days for no reason either!
You know Fox News is Fake News right?  Everyday you support them, we see your ignorance and disdain for education, America, non-whites
wait wait wait who sended the missle
The American Presidency 2017: Retweeting Fox & Friends to a bunch of automated Twitterbots. Good times.
Nice drop of Lockheed-Martin... grab some stock, maybe...? Or run away, like Carrier...
It is easy when you know when and how a missile is coming.... Reality beats test situations 5-0 (Or like Donny says 5-O)

3 Years, 6 Months, 9 Days, 4 Hours, 2 Minutes, and 13 Seconds
When you shut your eyes and go take a nap for eight years. You will wake up to the most giving and greatest nation the world has ever seen.
So much delusion, so little the character limit.
yeap plenty of that going around. like emails servers and released security docs...sales of uranium and $ to Clinton foundation.
Hillary! Emails! Benghazi! Uranium! Look, a squirrel!
No John, look, a trumpanzee.
There is no reason to go to name calling. Let's agree to disagree or have an honest debate.  Once upon a time, it happened all the time.
I'll bet big $ that this is the first you've hear about it! It's ok- we know ur way too busy watching Mika & tweeting.
But anything Democratic is Fake News FOX NEWS IS THE ABSOLUTE START OF FAKE NEWS
Holy Shit! You are the President and you rely on Fox News to learn about defense actions? WTF is wrong with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BTW no mention of Jr. hmm.  I didn't expect it either.
Fine. If we're going to have WAR with #NorthKorea ...LET'S GET IT ON...and get the filthy mess OVER with... I'm sick of this NEGATIVITY.
FAKR NEWS ALERT FOLKS!!!
It's from Fox once again. 
Only trust me or Fox. 
No one is suspicious right?
That's dumb
And your tweet shows us exactly why Trump won. 

Ignorance!

Sad!
Well I'm glad my tweets helped DT win 
Now you need to convince North Korea to make an exact replica so the defense systems can destroy it.
Another distraction from the Russia and Jr issues at hand. #fakepresidentnotfakenews
And I bet that you and Fox are going to tell us that the missile was designed and built by the Trump family.
POLL 

Will Donald Trump take care of Norrh Korea?

Vote below and RETWEET!
AMERICA IS STRONG AGAIN!!
WE HAVE THE BEST MILITARY IN THE WORLD!
Yes, and a narcissitc racist in the WH!
NO, that was Obama, loved himself only, and hated white people.
Classic example of how trump supporters have been brainwashed by Fox. Astounding that anyone can believe this about Obama.
I am a Trump supporter and I rarely watch network television. Try Reuters and Cristian Science Monitor.  Apply the false logic yourself.
In reference to Obama during his first campaign for president, “A few years ago, this guy would have been getting us coffee.”
Another message from your
War propaganda, war games a week after July 4th fireworks. And Fox pretends to be patriotic over it.
In other news, US intercepts missile of US that the US shot to shoot down. Hero!
Dude it's called a test. Why is that a reason to say it's war propaganda?
Look at the tweet from Fox. They make it sound like it wasn't a test and watch the ALL CAPS.
That's true. The headline makes it sound like we are being fired on.
Yes it does. But, all you need to do is watch a 24 second video. That doesn't make it #fakenews
headlines and summaries matter too, they set the tone
Alaska was never bombed when Obama was president.
They didn't have to he just let anyone in and get away with murder.
Hmmm. When was the last terrorist attack by foreigners?
Keep thinking. 

Sept 11 2001
What does this tell you from Wikipedia
It doesn’t tell me who made these attacks. But this might.
Are you the new Fox and Friends social media director? Congrats!
Why don't you retweet their admitting they made a mistake about Comey leaking? LIAR! SAD! LOSER! Bigly.
Mistake? I watched Comey say so myself. You must have missed that?
Yeah, this one. You're gonna lose your Fox subscriber card if you don't watch closer.
He still leaked a government document sweet heart try and keep up
Those were private memos dear. Of a private citizen. Don't be so smug.
Is anyone else a little concerned that FOX news is how tRump gets his world updates every morning?
Fox & Friends should change name of show to President's Daily Briefing...
A face that even scares ISIS.



Where is the legal requirment to show them. Og yeah there is not one.
Old man watches bad news channel. Takes every word they say as the gospel
Forgets that he's president and is in charge of military
I wish I could forget, but "T" has a hard on for war.
Have you ever seen wag the dog?
Rarely can film satire make you laugh and worried about the future at the same time. It's even more relevant today than during Bush years.



What a cogent argument!
Guess you don't know these people?
This was a Lockheed test of "their" THADD system.. not  America flexing it's defense muscles. lol
Does anyone remember Pelosi saying we don't k ow what's in Obama care till we pass it.....now that's stupid...
WHAT say you on Russian Collusion BOMBSHELL?? What happened to your twitter ??????? DISGUSTING old man

Talk about FAKE NEWS!
Don't you have more important things to do then watch television like oh I don't know being President!
Donald Trump Jr. Released his emails

Hillary: Bleaches Hers

DNC:Won't turn over Servers

Brazile/Rice: 
These tests must be done--the NK brutal regime must come to an end!
PLEASE WAKE UP!
People flex muscles in a gym doesn't mean jack. Just argoant, sure show them what u can do so they know how to fight it. Special stupid!
@realDonaldTrump #FraudAndFrienda news alert starting to sound more like DPRK propaganda.
Fake news!
@POTUS says he "pressed" Putin twice on meddling. Putin denied it soooooo Donald said fine, moving on!!? @VP Pence fine with this, too!!
Iron dome????
Glad Trump is President or we would not be protecting ourselves.
Lying president and incompetent
When are you going to release your 5,000 emails to your Russian handlers, Donny?
LOCK HIM UP!!!!
You're just trying to divert attention from the fact that your administration is slowly strangling itself with lies and more lies.

Hi Don. What about that FAKE NEWS from Don Jr?
Remember when you slapped Donnie Jr. for being an embarrassment for getting drunk and pissing his bed through college? 

Yeah, good ol days.

Take that Kim
Godspeed.
 here we go !!!!!
Oh a cock measuring contest fun!
@realDonaldTrump @kenojeno more 'fake news'
North Korea threatens nuclear attack after claiming Trump CIA director 'shakes little fists' at regime | What Now?

http://fxn.ws/2vY2oMi 
All bark and no bite - LOSER LIAR FRAUD #fakepresident
Another story to deflect LOL LOL LOL
To take down one you aren't expecting at an unknown hour, following an unknown path, then I'll be impressed
https://www.facebook.com/ThePissedOffAmerican/videos/509154206103814/ …
Perhaps DJT should best not worry about flexing anything....
AMERICA should defend itself by wiping that A-H*LE off the face if the earth!
http://pisstrump.net/ 
What are you thoughts on junior's self incrimination?
.
News alert for testing? Really? @FoxNews is FAKE NEWS.
.
Hey Donald Trump what's next you gonna give Putin a hand job? #DonJrChildrensBooks #TrumpJr #TrumpRussia #DonaldTrumpJr
IMPO - PIGGY better watch the videos of our launches instead clapping like a fool at his and proving the fool he really is !!!  -  Jim
Lock them up. All 30 million of them. Trump is harmless, his people on the other hand....
Keep in mind that @POTUS lamented treatment of Otto Warmbier yet NEVER brought up North Korea at the G20. Not in Putin's interest to do so.
You guys really want World war 3, admit it!
America can defend itself and then obliterate North Korea with one "Boomer"  submarine parked off their coast.

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
#FauxNews always covers bogus stories and ignore REAL news, like #RussiaGate #TrumpRussia and Jr.s #Treasonous contacts with Russia! 
Now that's what I'm talking about! Back too the backbone of America. Our motto has always been "PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH" 
Wag the dog.
@DonaldJTrumpJr how are those emails coming along? 
Liar
Previous administrations have let that goofy NoKo Doughboy feed his fantasies unchecked. Thank God we have the right President finally.

Fake News.
https://goo.gl/images/1OgPXO 
FOX & friends: FOX NEWS ALERT: trump campaign catfished by Russia. USA played like a violin. Russians laughing at west. #MAGA

Donald Trump Jr. at a 2016 Louisville meeting of the NRA secretly met Putin's Adviser Torshin via TIME Magazine..
Nice diversion attempt    ur going to jail
#RealNews #FakePrez #Traitor #Russiagate #Impeach45 and #maga 

https://m.dailykos.com/story/2017/7/9/1679109/-The-President-is-a-traitor?detail=emaildkre …
When ur triggered af about losing the election and all you can do is cry about it online 
Bullshit!!!

.....ATTACKING YOU FROM CLOSE RANGE; SMILING TO YOUR FACE, SAYING EVERYTHING YOU WANT TO HEAR, THEN ATTACKING THE KIDS TO HURT THEM AND YOU.
#NoDistractions #TrumpCrimeFamily #ImpeachTrumpFamily
FAKE AND STUPID NEWS 
Get'er done America God bless our military + family
@realDonaldTrump blew up our own test missile....impressive lol.   #ITMFA
Take the gloves off sir, their messing with your family. We have your back !
Again. Fox f***ing fake, cartoon-y news? But you don't have time for it?

Donnie SR is awfully quiet about Donnie JR tonight... 


Coward

Excellent! POTUS is rebuilding our defenses! MAGA!

OMG! Still, I'm not tempted to watch CNN, even to see them humiliated!
Sick of polls!
What about fallout?
Off ALL the news you're the only one reporting this fake ass 
.
Hold it! They were supposed to have changed the spelling...
.
Do we file this under satire, entertainment, russia or oops made a mistake, will retract?
Thank you to POTUS and our Brave Soldiers for protecting our land, our people, our way of life, by sacrificing their own.
? Young Turks?  Careful now, you might be accused of crossing another line...
Lol- That was meant for a tag to @SenatorCruz_
New details emerge on Moscow real estate deal that led to the Trump-Kremlin alliance
To understand how Trump’s distaste for NAFTA could hurt US industry, look at American corn

Old video from May 30th
COMUNICADORA SOCIAK CON ESPALDAS DE ESTIBADOR DEL PUERTO.
https://youtu.be/HGg6WFqbNek 
my friend, can you demonstrate capability to shoot down one of Kim's missles? Will you?
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Jr just revealed proof of intend of collusion and intent to break campaign finance laws. Dirty Donald. Anti American
Trump knows everything he engineered everything now he knows that we know this fact is scaring shit out of him he is probably hiding.in WC
So why didn't the President think of this the other 2 times?
Flexes muscles...kind of like "I am tougher than you so bring it on". Definitely nothing to brag about.
You ought to try truth, it was OUR missile. get cheeto all fired up with your fake news. Shame.
Shouldn't you be raging against The NY Times? Or has it finally sunk in that the Russian allegations are real and TRUE?!
YOU are the tragedy. 
This is badass
While diplomatic channels are being worked, perfecting our missile defense is a necessity.
How long ago was this??? Second one wasn't so good.
Drain the swamp in the White House!
Fake news! Go away liars
It's time for us to intercept no Korean test missils
Send pictures of the remaining smithereens to Pyongyang.
bc transparent when they are caught with their pants down.Sounds familiar? 3/3
But, again....you don't have time for TV.  You're a liar!
You're awfully quiet today, Trumpy. What's wrong? Scared? Not strong? Afraid to lead? You're no leader. Your silence shows us that. SAD!

THIS is what @realDonaldTrump has done to our Great Nation. THIS. 

Why do we allow the admin. that gave blanket immunity to High Crimes #McCabe #Clinton etc,investigate to set up our @POTUS ? @GOPoversight 
 my    Fill in the blank  #Traitors #treason #conjob
You and your corrupt family are going to jail. You took advantage of hard working Americans & betrayed your country. Shame
Ooooo, ahhhhhh.

You know what a nuclear bomb does if it explodes in the air instead of near the ground?  Exactly the same if it lands on you
Cant we shoot down one of those Korean ICBM before it finishes it test.

Your diversion tactics don't work anymore. Poor, Donny. You're losing...bigly.
UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT
UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT
UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT
UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT
UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT
And the best report you have about this is from Fox???

And in related news, my youngest son caught a "pop fly" I threw to his mitt.
#IMPEACHTRUMP
"I love emails. You can't erased them. I love 'em!" ~ Donald Trump. #IMPEACHTRUMP
He is choking on this now lol
It was a planned test by the US. Wow a system that has existed for decades still works.
Interesting... Trump has been really quiet about his son business with his e-mails... 
Gee
Smoke and mirrors. Is Fox reporting on Don Jr or just doing your bidding?
More deflection from the Russia collusion story! SAD!
Mr. Trump, it is time for you to give a Press Conference (not a softball interview with Fox News)
Now that I know you're involved with the Russian crime syndicate, I realize that maybe you're more worried about being bumped off than jail.
Fox News is correctly spelled Faux News, which is, FAKE NEWS.
Launch
