When there’s an investigation that may or may involve u/ur friends, should u be flapping ur lips like this? #flippityflap
When your innocent your less concerned about flapping lips.. crooked Hillary on the other hand.....@sethrlevine
Whether ur innocent or not, it’s unwise to say anything that u don’t know can be used against u or others in court.
Watch out for McMaster and his team including Mueller hiring the former DOJ in order to damage you, sir.
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old ...
You sir are a father get some class when it comes to your own child.  .
Eric, Jr, Ivanka, all terrible and not smart like their daddy.
Crooks.
Best tweet of all time
Hey! If you want people to leave Barron out of your corrupt politics, try leading by example... Using Barron as a shield is disgusting!
Let’s put your entire genetic cesspool in prison so we know where to find you for the Reign of Terror executions.
We all know that. Democrats are wasting time trying to prove anything? Wonder how many Democrats were dealing with Russia from 2008 to 2016?
The funny thing is you would totally sacrifice your CHILD if it would save your worthless orange hide.  So transparent!
Who did your wife collude with to make Barron?
he didn't prove JACK! wait till he proves you and p were in the pool together. And Baron could do a better job than you, then again... you do have a bad track record.
How did I miss this one? You're so fun to watch, thank you and praying for your administration and family!
Is Barron autistic?
Where's Jared?
I think you need to be the poster boy for bullying!

I thought Barron was off limits? Nice job, "Dad".
Viejo culiao
Dude, you just gave us permission to make fun of a child. He is no longer "off limits," you served him up. What does he know about Russia?
Bullshit
Huh,  Kushner proved nothing. It is not a witch hunt and you are going down, TRAITOR.
"witch hunt" #jailtime
Donald J Trump is my president
No.......?!....!
Barron's prob guilty to lmao Facebook ghost warriors working for Dems
Shhh me. I'm guilty I'm in cahoots with anybody to further me and the Agenda
What a Witch Hunt now they are going after children. My God what has happen to this nation!
My heart and prayers are with you and your beautiful family.
Trump, I think you mean "which" hunt? Yours or Jared,or Donald. Jrs?
You can keep rep acting that you and your crooked s in law didn't collude why did your lawyers hire lawyers? Are they believers?
Terrible that you would bring your young son into the mess your family has made #Trump. Shameful.
OMG Really? What a witch hunt. This needs to end VERY VERY SOON! They are wasting our money!
Did he cry and throw money at them?
Hopefully to God, NO!!! I think your whole family is awesome and that certainly includes Barron! Love you all! Thank you for all you do.
Well you are likely training Baron to be a crook like you!
Bc he doesn't have anything to hide! Nothing done wrong! The Dems have so much corruption their trying to shift r attention to someone else!
THE DIRTY FILTHY DEMS ARE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SICK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The liberals will figure out a way to protest Barron's name
Wow 
NOT ok!
Amazing you've come to that conclusion already when it's still an open investigation.
Seriously, quit acting like a spoiled child and a victim. Let process take place. If nothing improper took place then nothing to worry about
He might be if you make him part of your staff :)
You have to be kidding me,, ignorant democrats and their followers, try to put Obamas squirts in the public and watch the outrage, "IDIOTS"
So reading between the lines the POS I mean POTUS sees Jared as a child.
I feel sorry for that poor kid having  to be associated with your name—and for the rest of his life no less—at 11 y.o., that's an eternity!

Barron's pnly one who can't lie
you are despicable for exposing your child like this!

Witch hunts, are ALWAYS successful, for the Witch hunters.
So will u b getting a job while d Jr is in prison? How about dating? Felix Sater, Russian mafia  corruption complicit? I'd change last name
It is funny that anyone would want to talk to that little wierdo.
@stinchfield1776 Liars, liars, liars all deserve to be locked up!!
Nice fam of crooks u have DT. Ivanka boy husband is good at nothing. U will all go out of WH at same time
Hold your head up Barron. Don't listen to people full of hate for those that don't think as they do. We love you Barron!<3
Pitiful state of affairs & horrible display of double standard injustice under the law. What about the entire Obama Admin esp HC LL & BO??
You going to write Ever child's response?
#tRUmprussia #propagandabot
You are really serious? Back on twitter.. aren't you brave!!! You trumps don't think there is accountability to the American people.. wrong
Witchhunt poor Barron What about Clinton and Mueller selling Uranium to Russia!
#MAGA God bless Mr President! Keep rocking! But hurry it up on the wall. #Buildthatwall
It's a shame to see American's turn away from democracy when a disgruntled minority lose an election
Did Baron lie about a meeting with russians too?  I didn't know your 11 year old cared about "russian" adoption.
Exactly you think collision is child's play and you can get away with it...No says the investigation!!!lol
He didn't prove anything. His word means nothing.
YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE BARRON COLLUDE WITH RUSSIANS?!?
Hope Ivanka visit him often in Prison
No, I think you'll find that, unlike you, the media has kept Barron Trump out of play regarding White House incompetence and dishonesty.
Shhhh The #corrupt #Liberal domestic hate militants will be all over that!! Snakes If an adult bullies a child, that adult is a piece of 
Don't mention your 11 year old son, your a horrible father besides a lying president. Which you proved over time again. Just ask Mexico.
Hummm, how does a man claim Christian values yet support and believes in "alternative fact." You and your father are JOKES!! Rich TRASH!
If this is a good boy, what does a bad boy look like. I agree he is a "boy."
your so corrupt I don't think you even know what good is dt
Total travesty. But I am confident he will bring peace to the Middle East and end the famine in Nambia.
Right. Just because you Tweet it doesn't make it true. Everyday we get new details on your guilt. So fun to wake up and check the news!
You're poor son, the media is tormenting him, what a rough life
This made me straight up laugh out loud. You are such a joke. So lame.
¿?
Look at that! Proof that you dictated his statement to mislead media and the public. Deflect all you want. The truth will come out! #Impeach
What? They can't seriously be investigating/interrogating Barron? They need to lay off!!!
I wholeheartedly believed Kushner
Yeah get Barron to testify! He'll tell 'em.  He knows what's going on just like you!  You guys are like twins!  That'll teach 'em.
Did you personally dictate what Jared Kushner said too? That's so you.
Yes he did liar. You and your family lie but you sign sanctions on Russia. You colluded with Russia and no matter what you say

You are a traitor Notice you have not signed bill. Sanctions on Russsia.I am waiting Your Comrades are waiting .
Why would your 11 year old be colluding with russians, whether or not you did? WHY Would he be involved in your campaign in the first place?
Mr President:
I would be honored to serve as part of your team at FEMA Region VIII Admin. I served there as a COL  At your service. SIR.
Jared Kushner did very well in being an unconvincing liar.
He didn't prove anything; he made a statement.  The investigation continues.
The Mooch! The Kooch! President Banooch and 45 as Pooch  !!  Bhahahahaha
He stated he didnt collude.. proved nothing.. SAD!
Revisit meaning of COLUDE.  If one corporate with cops to expose WRONG-DOING, isn't COLLUDING. Only If U join the crooks.
Don't let the door hit you in the ass. When you all leave  the White House. That will be a great day for our country
Do you know something we don't know?
@MELANIATRUMP @FLOTUS How do you feel about him dragging your son into his mess with RUSSIA?
Prove? How?
Kids are not allowed, leave them out of it!!!!
Viejo lacra
If you could get the poor kid to take the fall for you I'm sure you would.

@TGowdySC for ATTORNEY GENERAL USA
He colluded, as did the rest of your family.
Saying “I didn’t do it” in a bold clear voice does not prove innocence. Let’s see what the enquiry find Mr. Trump
Oh please. Give us a break
Yeh because his word is his honour. Nobody believes a word your administration says pal. Fucking snake oil salesman.
How is it a witch hunt when your own son (the one you actually care about) admitted to collusion with the Russians?
Is that the 11 year old that was put under citizens arrest?
Trump: Don't bring my son into this, you'll hurt his feelings
Also Trump: haha what's next? haha maybe attack my 11 year old son hahahahaha!
Hi sir
...??????? So an 11 year old is going to be running national policy soon? God have mercy on us all
HAHAHAHAHA
you need psychiatric help at least, prison for life would be better.
You write like a 12 year old
I know you're 70 yrs old. But my table salt has better brain than you. You and Jerry will cell mates when Muller is done with you
Fake new
Barron has more integrity than all of the accusers combined.
The fact you even mention your 11 year old son shows what a terrible parent you are and disrespect your wife who obviously protects him

No, next the inmates from the funny Farm Democrats are going after random American citizens like this kid.
Well he is the devil's spawn.
Why wasn't it televised since you say he's so TRANSPARENT about dealings with Russians?
Lol. I shouldn't laugh as this is a travesty but @trump is right baron would be next

bullshit
Barron really, you put your son in the mix? No.
Cry babies trying to find dirt
You should grab a dictionary and look up the word "proof." Can your tiny hands even hold a dictionary ?
Stop the diversion & use of your own son as a pawn, @realDonaldTrump!  #DISGUSTING #HowLowCanYouGo
Go back to your apprentice #TelstraBizAwards #MS13
He's getting away with bc of his #whiteprivilege We know all of you colluded with the Russians. You're so far up Putin's butt
You have no class, no tact, no intelligence, the vocabulary of a 7 year old. My 9yr old nephew is more articulate & intelligent than you.
Your 9 year old has been way smarter that drumf for 6 years now.
How low will they go? Rise above it Mr. President! We have faith in you!

APPARENTLY TGEY KNOW A DICTATOR WHEN THEY SEE ONE.
I drove someone from Russia today. The guy said "In u.s democracy is goid. In Russia it's not good. That's why we like Trump."
LOL!   This is funny!   How is Barron enjoying his new life at the White House?  He's a cute kid!

Trump: Liar in Chief!
Red barron
Penis
You use no logic. Even I would have known to call the FBI if the Russians were trying to involve me in attempts to influence the election.
If you take a meeting with the Russians to get "dirt" on your political opponent you are working with the Russians to influence the election
are you watching the special about your criminal activity?
great show everyone should watch.
...YET! BUT, clearly, AIDing PUTIN in BREAKING UP free democ West & Amer institutions + COVER-UP! Perhaps, just a NAIVE MANIPULATED Admin!
From our TROLLER-in-Chief! NOPE- EVERYONE, but you & Kool-Aid drinkers, AGREES Mueller's is NOT a Witch Hunt. NO willful collusion found ...
