@BarackObama WE MISS YOUR INTELLIGENT,  HANDSOME FACE & MIND.
And dignity. And his ability to speak in complete, coherent sentences.
Good morning I Love You President Trump you are the BEST From Columbus Ohio
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
Thank you President Trump. We voted you in and we support you.
Thank u Mr president. Ur doing an awesome job, were behind u. Stand strong. Don't let the Dems bring u down. U r a great patriot!!!
MR:President Donald Trump
Presint off the United Estate
            My name is Vilma Rodriguez Garcia we the people front Pue
We don't have a weekly Address anymore !
pence looks like he wants out and i don't blame him
Dear:MR.Donal j. Trump 
President off the United State The people off P.R.
NYT:  For Chinese citizens, American green cards can be notoriously difficult to obtain. But a Beijing immigration company called Qiaowai
tells visa applicants of a secret weapon: It is working on behalf of a real estate firm owned by the family of President Trump’s son-in-law
and adviser, Jared Kushner.

“They said the president would make sure it came through,” said Lu Ling, a technology executive in the
southern Chinese city of Guangzhou. “They said there was no chance it could fail.”
Psalm 3:8
Salvation belongs to the Lord. Your blessing is upon Your people. Selah
There is no god.  Never was.  Never will be.  Your parroting of ancient text betrays your minds inability to evaluate reality on its own.
All in for President Trump! #joinordie
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Lmao that fuckin font
Where am I in this photo? Are you cutting me out? Ahh!! I want immunity! Hear that @FBI, will testify for immunity!
You getting scared, Donnie?
"White House lawyers researching impeachment" 
one day all the snowflakes will have to come out of their mommy's basement and get jobs and make money it's coming and they're scared
I pray my POTUS will help Israel, pray for peace!
Ahh let the liberal butt hurt and snowflake screeching begin. Like it or not, he's still yours and my President.
YOU'RE FUCKED, BUDDY

Interesting how a hand full of people R controlling absolutely everything & making dummies out of common people
&the fools that follow them.

Sanctuary cities are Not safe for the Americans The Economy 4 most R  being crushed in many ways.
#sanctuarycities #America1st #MAGA #Trump 

All this talk about Impeachment; a reminder of the Ppl & the Counties Trump resonated with
We want this lunacy to end 
Trump Agenda at Risk 
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/865377594379821056 …

I laughed so hard 

To the stupid fucking Democrats. Let me dumb this down for you. See the red, they are armed to the teeth and will never allow you to win. 
https://twitter.com/Goldreports24/status/865754355500064768 …

Dimms, elites, & anarchists: Don't mistake our patience with Gruber stupid. There's a #RedNationRising willing and ready to fight for Trump. 
You are on a plane! Give us the break we deserve. ...
Propaganda
Check the @washingtonpost
And @nytimesAnd @CNN
aw oh!! Comey testifying after Memorial break....I smell trouble!
Save travels, Mr. President. We  all of your hard work: thank you!
Hey buddy, it's okay... Just take a breath and calm down... This will all be over in 1341D 18H 43M #RESIST
He can decamp to Mar el Lago now and spare himself and the world.
Weekly Address? Still choosing between FL, NY,DC and RUSSIA?
Keep going forward Mr. President! Continue to ignore the left wing nut jobs and do what we elected you to do.
You're going to have your hands full pardoning all the crooks in the West Wing! DISASTER!
why am I the only guy mention how everybody in every trump photo is white?
FUCK RUSSIA
trump = traitor BEFORE russia!
Go get em sir
#Trumprussia investigation is now considered a Criminal investigation...I know you are lawyering you up ..but you go down
God Bless you President Trump!! You're doing a fantastic job!! #MAGA!! As Churchill said"never give up, never give up, never give up"!!
You must be heavily drugged.
Turn to Christ and ask forgiveness before it's too late Mark. God loves you, and died for your sins on the cross. John 3:16 " For God so
Loved the world(that's you) that He gave His only Son(that's Jesus), that whosoever believes in Him should not perish( eternal hell), but
Have eternal life
I can't imagine anything worse than being stuck on a plane with you for 14 hrs. Your staff will definitely weigh the pros & cons of jumping.
Obama loves the sound of his own voice, spewing useless time consuming garbage.
Funny how you trumpets attack with the exact shit your pres. is doing. GTFOH
We love you!
Trump support is fading fast, better dump him quick before the dems take over congress in 2018
Dude, you should not be tweeting right now.
Shhhhh! Let the rotten tangerine  incriminate himself unfettered!
You're sickening!
No, the corruption is sickening.
Maybe next time you fire the guy investigating you, don't tell people why you did it
This is the letter given to pence about Flynn. Trump knew as well as he did. But yet they both deny it.. SAD!

At some point your followers will have to realize that the indictments against you aren't fake news when your taken out in handcuffs
Donny,
Please do not return from your trip abroad. 
Sincerely,
Intellectual Americans


You can dream on that will not happen
That kid thinks you are a nut job
And we all suspect you enjoy playing with nuts
Kush is in troouuubbble...


 it's a direct quote from 45s mouth, verified by the White House itself...... can't just keep saying everything is fake. 
Pick your battles dumbfk
I know counting to 140 is very difficult for some.... you only used 24 characters. You forgot the letters "uc" in your insult. 


Really my fave pic ever. #badassmotherfucker
Same!! Ugh he's so 
I got more. 
Good! Then you will be a huge supporter of Trump. Thanks for taken up for the wrongfully maligned. You can help us MAGA
'He' is a lying, cheating, thieving, raping tool who wants to f*ck his own daughter. I could never support a man like that.
Yes. I agree. Obama was wretched and everything you say. Hopefully Trump can repair all of his damage. Thanks for offering your support MAGA
Go hump yourself & your curtsy-ing, hypocritical do*chebag, p*ssy grabbing 'leader'. Make your own America great again. Mine's awesome.
 FBI investigation
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 Impeachment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3DT8-7hNk …
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #resist
Evidence Zero
Sent page to Russia during election time, he got 19% in an oil co when he lifted sanctions. Spoke with kislyak 6 times without declaring
Omg! Wake up. Ease up on the liberal Twitter bots. Question authenticity before retweeting dumb photos.
You keep watching fox and reading breitbart bud 
What are they lying about evidence plz
You Trump haters need to get your facts straight. Not to mention Grow up! Trump is your president and deserves the proper Respect.
He deserves zero respect
And God loves you too
Thats just one  one more reason they need to be VOTED OUT in 2018
God Bless Our President and God Bless America!! DRAIN THAT SWAMP PLEASE!!!
Trump is the swamp
STFU! I wasn't talking to you! Go put your head back up Obama's ass where it belongs! Or maybe you prefer Killary 's ass?
Aww...did I hurt your poor trumpy feelings? You should learn to be disappointed so you can deal with impeachment. Whiner
Next reality is your party is finished even if it comes to civil war and US taking you out.
LMFAO
Just a typical trumpette: Fooled by con men, drunk onkool-aid, walking around in anhaze, absolutely delusional and sheep-like. SMH
Comming from people who stick ice picks in the back of babies skulls!

Fooled by con men, drunk onkool-aid, walking around in anhaze, absolutely delusional and sheep-like.
I think it's pretty safe to say that trumpettes don't do any research.
All I can do is laugh at these left Demwitt Tools. He WILL NEVER BE IMPEACHED and THERE IS NO RUSSIA COLLUSION. 8 more yrs 
WOW. and just relax the tooth fairy will come visit you tonight.

Robbie I must admit that was Cute and Funny!!
سنجبر يوم أمريكا على توقيع مذكرات تعاون الند لند بعلمنا واقتصادنا وموقعنا وعددنا السكاني وصناعتنا وزراعتنا وأموالنا ستحترمونا بالقوة فقط
His words are in action not just sitting behind the desk like past presidents doing nothing for usa
#WeeklyAddress http://45.wh.gov/3Kq9Fe  ...
Officer behind clinching his fist like.... I'm gonna punch him, I'm gonna do it!
That driver behind you is probably thinking the same thing
Andrew. Don't start name calling. Jeez. Can't we keep Twitter civil. He's not being a dick. He just took my tone wrong.
But unfortunately twitter lost its civility as soon Trump started tweeting...just sayin
People who don't like trump don't understand this: the media is out to get him, and playing nice like GWB isn't a winning strategy.....
So for those like me, who like trump, it's refreshing to see someone go out and publicly fight for what we think is right.....
no fight yet bro
#dailyLapseInJudgement 
Real weekly address:
That's the way the dumb Dems act Everytime President Trump speaks lol it looks just like them 
is the extra N in JoanN stand for Nutter?
Wow such ~diversity~

Stop sweetin  unnecessary
Ban islam
this tweet has 20369 likes. That number is 0.068% of your followers.
God's still on His Throne & He Laughs at all these Liberal Godless Heathens with Their Attempts to Undo What He Has Ordained

Just came in today what do you think folks ?
Trump presidential slogan should be, "LETS KILL  POOR PEOPLE"
I am so ashamed of you.

potizza =double entendre=nut roll.
Can you hear someone telling you "you're fired "!!!
But it's totally ok when someone with a penis, no matter how angry & small, does it.
Clearly you don't care about #diversity and neither do your handlers. 

#MAGA is KKKlan code for Make #America White Again
Resign.
This idiot LeGate has either never seen our enemy or is the enemy. To root for President Trump's removal borderlines treason....
Delusional Donnie most corrupt prez in history commits more impeachable felonies in 1 wk than Nixon did in years.
YOU have the best scandals
The biggest scandals, U do scandals & corruption better than any other prez ever!
You confess it & tweet it best!
No 1beats Trump's crimes!
Oink
i am blinded by all the white!

DONNIE FOR PRISON!
Can't wait for you to come back to DC for your impeachment hearing. What do you think...impeachment, resign, arrest?
Mr. President Trump you are very welcome to The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . I hope your visit will be successful and useful to our countries.
Please tell me with the cuts you want to medicaid how we are supposed to feed and clothe my 2 brotherinlaws with fragile x syndrome?
Plus, for someone who said he wouldn't take any pay to be President, your vacations in your first 100 days have a cost of almost all of ...
#blotus is too fat! Why does he wear diapers that show so much?
Oh, who gets the ink pen this time?
Old pic!
any idea about v1 or k3 visa. how much will be the penalty.
トランプさん
おひさしぶりです
英和辞典引くと、一つの英単語に、複数の日本語の単語があてられている
てことは、日本語のほうが、細かく意味を使い分けられる、的確な表現ができる言語なんでしょうか？
Keep up the great job for all AMERICANS.  The fake news will never take you down.  Make American Great Again.  Thank you, my best to family.

Help us with students loans..
Gud job 
Very true ! Sad time in history..The people outnumber the criminals yet we allow them to destroy humanity n our precious planet ! Must end!
I can't wait until you're in prison.
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
is it a White family Thanksgiving photo???
Your devil of ason in law selling 3 billion weapons to the Saudis & that doesn't concern you ? May I remind you who started9/11 #Trumprussia
You mean it wasn't Saddam?  Actually, thank you for remembering & pointing it out.. History is a lost memory it seems
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Trump
Evidence,evidence,evidence,evidence! You have mountains of evidence against Hillary in spite of what she destroyed, yet you stay mum?
Good Job ! You are President USA ! All people in America is following your Trump ( George Daniel ). ~(#-#)v
So nothing to do with invading The Crimea, attacking Georgia, partnering with Assad, politically corrupt, & repressing their own people?
Not sure if that is a relevant question to the discussion. What diff would it make to you or topic at hand if I was or wasn't?
una de las últimas seis monarquías absolutas del mundo. Se ha llamado al movimiento religioso wahhabismo,
2017.5.20
公開訊息 Public Information    黨政分家
全球網友支持通訊自由,支援本函暢通轉運。謝! 歡迎轉發
Caption should be "Three children  at a desk"
make cops accountable to the same laws they enforce on we the people. respect is earned, not taken! they get away with murder!
I know right? It's been awhile since you've had a Golden Shower pee party where you can enjoy being sexually satisfied by little kids! #sick
TRUMP WILL BE IMORANGED RATHER THAN IMPEACHED
Although he some kind of fruit
How can anyone w/ a sound mind listen to this & not agree w/ what he's doing? Liberals are just unhinged political hacks that hate the USA
Need more whites in this photo,
Oh so you rambled on and sounded stupid again. How lucky the country is to get that weekly.
Mr President plz keep ur paychk. U R THE HARDEST working Prez we've EVER hax. Plz keep ur paychk don't work 4 free 
Wow. I just can't handle the whiteness.
PLEASE let there be word of his resignation!
 
Now who is a nut job ?
There's really no reason for your graphics to look this bad.

https://youtu.be/wga2YahMx-k 
Even the little boy knows you are a creep.

YEP another exciting episode of Klan Radio..
I want the youngest ones closest so they know how much I care about robbing them of a future- especially the girl since men make decisions.
The room is so WHITE I need to get my shades out 
2 vrouwen meenemen zonder hoofddoek kan als je maar genoeg geld meebrengt,  maar dan geen commentaar op michelle oboma
H8rz getting up on Comey & Russia. But Russia won't help them. Dems can't look within to fix their problems.
Look how scared that poor boy is. #helpmejesus 
You suck! Nuff' said?!? No! You suck poorly!!!!
If you're experiencing vomiting and nausea, you might blame @POTUS or #ScottPruit
*******TRAITOR*******#resist #russiagate #trumprussia
Jerusalem must be undivided capital of Israel. History proves it.
We want the Wall,tax and regulation cut,victory over ISIS, deportation of criminals and terrorists and Hillary and Obama in jail for treason
Please do America a favor and delete your account. #AlternativePresident. You lost the popular vote. BIGLY! #Trumpocalypse #MAGAandResign
Stop listening to henry kisenger. ..ditch the Saudi s. Stop fighting other countries wars
Is there any Humanity left in government ? Or just evil greedy corrupt criminals with no humanity ?
It's better not to go to war, you have not come.
Still boring!
Jared wiped his Twitter acct clean. That bastard is a crook like you and his scumbag family! A pox upon all of you!
Stop hating Trump he is a great president so you can go hate Hillary
Russia, Russia, Russia.  We are not distracted.  Naptime!
Pay attention people! @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP are STILL trying to take away your healthcare & your kid's education, clean water & air, too!
More lies. More B.S.  No thanks. Next thing I want you to tweet is, "I quit. This is too hard!"
