@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump are you Ryan and Mitch really going to cook the gov books as you have with yours. Shameful and cynical.
if this insane man starts a war to cover up his lies more than 100+ million Americans whose sons/daughters get killed will blame the @GOP
Anyone that believes this transparent fucking tweet is beyond hope. This idiot is going to start a war to cover up. When he sends your kids
Do you understand that he and FLYNN stopped a war, right as the transition of power was starting? DANG, THINK IT THROUGH.
You might have a billion time my fathers money but I will never trade him for you. Gawd you must be the worst dad on earth.
According to my resources wiki leaks is also of Russian hacker
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/gwen-stefani-returning-to-voice.html?m=1 …
Wonderful code news you have  here to
Why have Agricultural Dept. delete records of Animal Welfare Act violations from public website. Hiding animal cruelty?
you are not great and you will never make America great again. Just Leave white House
What are you, talking for?  I want to hear from Bannon, the real President.
bing bong bing bong
>>it is past time to deal with the subversion,sedition, and promoting violence by Soros @sorosforprison
k
in Cameroon the government is using French administrative law to subdue the anglophone minority
don't you mean fox news.
and what are you going to about new Russian aggression in Ukraine?  if nothing else give Ukraine guns! so they can defend t
Exm what's your telephone number?
russia just DISSED YOU by destroying Avidiyivka & Peskov demanded you negotiate.  You gonna put UP WITH THIS DISRESPECT?
if you cave to terrorist putin and peskov you lose the right to call Obama weak or feckless.DO SOMETHING PEOPLE ARE DYING
I want to no whether you are taking your family in consideration when your crazy decisions are made
thank you Mr President for taking steps to keep our country safe! We are behind you.
你这个渣渣，来中国打死你
sir
You are the fake, traitor
delete twitter
Japan did not think fake news with Russian war plans flying in their midst...what nincompoopery

love the new haircut!
lies
viva mexico wjbebejwkwjwlr
chinga tu puta madre tu y tu muro
I'm not saying I hope you fall over dead w/a heart attack. But a lot of people r saying that.  U look unwell on day 4! Sad.
@mokhtarbaty
Mr. President what about this build it Obama signed that's letting all these foreigners in like the 50 that just came in those sent back
in the house of your wife, she is not american
Another example of your rift with the intelligence community.
so what are you going to do about those issues?  The only difference is you will give Putin your blessing.
good
You are partially responsible for the buildup of the world's nukes by the irresponsible things you say!
stop stirring the fire with Russia...
I believe in the 3 strike rule.. pass a bill that if you go to jail 3 times on the third time they add 20 years to the time
Or just the purveyor of "alternative facts"?
The way I see it, what happens in Crimea& Ukraine is none of our business and we should keep out of it.
that you ask Russia to help you is not fake news!!!
we must not abandon Ukraine and Crimea. Putin is a bully with his neighbors
you are president now not a TV Crtitic
Anyone that knows the Bible knows there will be a Nuclear war soon. When?, 1/3 of the  earth destroyed and 1/3 of man.
you full of  alternative facts. Shame on you
stupid is as stupid tweets
please think about grading  the media on the white house website and part of history (how the media is treating your admin)
WHAT
thanks for calling out Brennan on his bias BS
your a fool and look even stupider acting like you know what you ate talking about
GET SOME THERAPHY IMMEDIATELY OLD MAN OR YOU WILL BE IMPEACHED SO FAST IT WILL MAKE YR Fuked up hair curl.
Congratulations Mr. President! @PolishpeopleforTrump
#BLOTUS #TheResistance #WomensMarch #StandAgainstTraitorTrump #
congregations sir,  we biafrans are with u and ur Vice. #biafrans need U. S help to be from Nigeria this year.
Says the person who is willing to overlook Putin's crimes and thinks Putin is a great leader.
@POTUS you were shameful standing in front of the @CIA Fallen Stars. It's not about you. #SizeDoesMatter
your Russian pals had you elected so they could have their way in Syria and Ukraine
Donald Trump is a Sociopath.
Take no crap
don't stop . Still fight
Spank them, given hell
Go get them Boss
Always trusted the @CIA? Just for show...
US pres creator of largers fake news in the world ?
Trump you are the instrument of evil and possibly the catalyst for completely disrupting the American Democracy and our core values
& what's your lover putin got 2 do w this???
hell no your the fucking fake news Trump
no no no no
. It was all apart of their plan's, I'm sure.
what are you going to do about it mister President
You are the fake!
all the while HRC and BO, sold our uranium to Putin, yet they say you are in tight w/Putin, to keep focus off them!!
barf
congrats Mr President
Help you God our trump
Less talk about unity more action and thick skin Mr President. Dissent is American, not un-American. Facts non verba Prez
Congratulations Mr. PRESIDENT.  GLAD TO HAVE YOU AS OUR COMMANDER AND CHIEF
I just wanted to say I am thrilled to have you as our President! You are the best thing for this country!
You denied that Putin invaded Ukrane
What will you do to contain Russian aggression?
This is why I'm proud to have you as the commander and chief. Bomb the hell out of them
We should thank Director James Clapper for his service and being straight shooter inlike the incoming President!
You're involved with Russia you traitor.
DRAIN THE SWAMP And PLEASE WATCH YOUR BACK HAVE YOUR OWN SECURITY YOU PICK
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
I know you  can do something about that, but what.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Hey, you have something on your chin… no, the 3rd one down.
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
what about the petroleum products from Russia our company is trying to purchase some ,, can you give me pointers?
no u r the fake news & keep leaking it out when u open ur http://mouth.zip  ur lip
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
Minecraftcrazy530
I agree with myself totally!
, I implore u sir to plz view my Facebook post dated January 12th, 2017 as u r mentioned in it. I m on short leash w God
Sir let me assure you that I have been on r train since day one. Just look at all my posts on your Facebook. I have sent u
what about us. PUERTO RICO.....
, be so glad when tomorrow is over so we can call you Mr. President!!!!!!
All the branches fell off your family tree when you were born
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
The "fake news" use holds shades of Hitler's rhetoric and CONTROL
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
Your breath stinks so bad that it destroyed half the ozone layer.
You're the reason women beat their husbands
Russia   starts a Crimean war if not submissive to manipulation your  good deals aren't attractive to Russia 
Mr Trump you are competent Agree with your illegitimacy since Hillary Clinton concedes a a  peaceful transition honorably.
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
no that was you ya wally
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
I wouldn't put it past the creators of "FAKE NEWS" COLLABORATORS OR COHORT OF AFOREMENTIONED. TELL CNN TO <EXPLETIVE> OFF.
That would be wikileaks.
