I don't think he agreees with you...
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. https://t....
#mypresident #potus45 #MAGA
#mypresident #potus45 #MAGA
Build the wall and get out of Paris climate change bs, I voted for you and 63 million other Americans, get it done!
Let's keep in mind not to listen to the meddlers from other countries.
Did you tell him how your sex life was ur own personal Vietnam Donnie ???  What a con man
So old yesterday is gone and Today America is in real trouble for Real reasons like Obama imported Islam/ISIS
Sorry but I don't buy that ..Sadly ppl like you have been making excuses for a con man. You would not accept this behavior in your own life
The Hand of the Most High God is firmly on our President. He uses whom He wants to use. At least Potus is NOT a serial murderer, rapist
God bless you Sir! We love you! #MAGA 
Yes Indeed !
#MAGA!!
More like

Tyrannical
Rabid
Uncivilized
Misanthropic
Poltroon
.
Lol
That's about the biggest load of BS I've ever read in my life!
Thank you Mr President for all that you are doing for our country.
He's doing a lot. How's that wall coming and the replace and repeal. Is ISIS gone?
BUT DOESN'T HAVE RESPECT FOR PRIME MINISTERS
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 Impeachment/25th
 REMOVAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3DT8-7hNk …
 #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #resist 
Who are you? How'd you get a blue check?
Who are you and how did you get access to the internet?
Says the guy trolling every trump tweet with #resist
awww poor "Whittle" Kenneth is triggered..lol
So asking a question = triggered, yet posting about "resist" on every trump tweet doesn't? Nice mental gymnastics there bud
And you added what?
I hope there is an abundance of crow, as a lot of people will be eating it.
Tell him about your bone spurs!
How about it Comey got any memo's on this?
Story Here!

https://geopolitics.co/2017/03/21/fbi-dir-james-comey-board-member-of-hsbc-clinton-foundation-drug-cartel-launderer/ …
￼
Show him your bone spurs.
No way Trumpf wrote this one.

Thanks
Did you offer him some covfefe ?
Did you talk about your heel spurs?
Question: How did Barron handle 'grab them by the pussy', all your racist remarks and calling women 'pigs'? Asking for America.
What kind of man attacks a child?
Be sure to mention you dodged the Vietnam draft, then Spicer will say it was a form of "conflict resolution."
Did you tell him about your bone spurs, Donald? #DraftDodger
Troll
Okay, Donnie-- how many journalists has this one killed? How many Opposition leaders did he jail? I give up!
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.

I'm still not ok with Vietnam but the past is the past I guess ....
NO.. THERE ARE  THOSE OF  US  THAT WILL NEVER FORGIVE OR  FORGET
Right on bro ! 18 yr old medic 92 Bravo  WTF for what ?  Jack shit that's what !
We Love U Trump!!!
Tell Barron we love him!!!!
How many times did you ask him if he spells his last name with an F?
Auto spell didn't correct it so PHUC IT.
Doing the work of covfefe, I see. 
Bet it was no honor for him. Whole World sees you as #criscoFatInTheCan #BriainlessCon Headed 4 Jail. Can't wait till your GONE! #
Your doing great wish the snowflakes and fake news people would go crawl under a rock ! Supporting you Mr President
Ps.46.10
Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the [1/2]
earth! [2/2]
But the earth itself will be destroyed in the name of profit for your false profit
now...tell that "Leader" 2 return OUR "TROOPS"....2 U.S....or let U.S....Do it...
Mortal Kombat……..FIGHT!!
Did you show him your bone spurs??
No disrespect. That last name though....
Let's hope the prime minister leave in a hurry, before he finds out what you really are. Charlatan!
I never get invited to these things.
Our invite must have been lost in the mail
Merkel won re election. 200,000 more refugees let in. 90 yr old  German woman's home broken in n gang raped by refugees. Nothing in US news
Did you regale him with tales of 'your own personal Vietnam' Donnie?
Must have taken hours to type out with all those special symbols and weird names. CONGRATULATIONS on your cultural awareness for the year.
#obstruction #rico #moneylaundering #upacreekwithoutapaddle
Proud of my POTUS


Did you believe that was his real name?
Did you shove him out of the way as well???
Is this the photo of a Beta Male? I think it is.
Well you think trump is alpha so obviously not a good judge of these things

 Here are  7 things YOU can do  RIGHT NOW to #Resist the #Trump agenda and set the stage for #ImpeachTrump:
Dear Trump supporter, you are right. I admit it. 

Are you American?
My President #Covfefe

covfefe (noun): 1. a distraction from probes into collusion with a foreign adversary.
setting up the private back channel to quarter pounders
Aw, Grimace is in on it too?
#MarchForTruth is June 3rd NATIONALLY! Spread this video far & wide! We demand answers! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiHLV2yLZlQ … #TrumpRussia #resis
great video. I'll be posting it on all social networks however; the music doesn't match the subject matter.
I believe in hope.
myself as well and certainly not this #fakepresident
Did you hear Donny? Seven subpoenas issued today! Great news for us.. bad news for you, hopefully you look good as one giant peach.
Looks like a lot of your friends are Russian bots. Are those the only friends get that Russia paid for, other than the ones who pee on you?
You know I'm getting replies from month old threads from a couple bots.
Usually my only reply is this photo... followed by a block
Barron Trump thought Kathy Griffin photo was real.

Horrifying.
If he's that sensitive they should monitor his tv watching better.
Sensitive? To seeing suddenly the horrific decapitated bloody head of your dad? W/ Jihadi beheadings in the news everywhere?
Jerk
Instead of spending time with his traumatized boy Trump went golfing.
Omfg you are an embarrassment
So proud of MY President!  You can change the World with your hospitality.
You have no honor! #impeachtrump
I heard Trump fought on their side in the  Vietnam War... Trump is VC that's what people are sayin.
Why mexic not enter in Nato
Where is Canada and USA
Spoke with people from Nam during primaries, they knew more of TPP than Americans many there didn't want it either Make trade deal best 4 us
It must have been exciting to see a Vietnamese person now that your bone spurs have finally been taken care of.
lol who typed this tweet for you?
For Phúc's sake...
President Obama represented Democrats and Republicans when he was our president.  He made us proud to be Americans.
Why has this man not been impeached yet
If only it had been an honor in his eyes.
you are the man donald
GiveusbackPow deadorslive stillintheircountry.
Blabla, Donald Builder! Waiting for your decision of Paris climate agreement!  Don't do thing's wrong! Covfefe?
Okay peepee boy! We all know you didn't write this tweet.
Xuan Phục NGUYEN
I hope he is smarter than you
Germany: The other day 17 year old German girl dies after being gang raped by refugees.
I wonder how many ppl want to rip their skin off after being around you?
One of the good ones. No democracy.
Resign.
Just wondering about those missing Chinamen who were investigating your daughter.
How many times did you screw up his name?
John McCain is like Vietnam and they are a Communist Country.  Don't do business with him and his Country.
Sure draft dodger
Another country and people America Murdered
look @CNNPolitics Trump spelled a Vietnamese name correctly. No kudos for him? #Covfefe
Very good, Sir.  You did an outstanding job with this issue and Vietnam.  It is long overdue.
Did you tell him all about your little foot problem that kept you from visiting his beautiful country in the late 60s early 70s?
Are you going to discuss Cambodia Mr President. We have way too many NGOs here.
how can you be so biggly and have so small hands?
Phuc you both!
Don't you get how everyone with an IQ over 80 finds you an embarrassment to the US? Make America great again by resigning.
you can talk about how you dodged the draft 4 times.......
How do you not know how to sit in a chair?? You make others anxious when you appear to be ready to leave.
Oh and unlike you my father did 3 tours in Vietnam.
You are really racking em up.  You gotta get Kim Jung Un and the Ayatollah in soon. Complete the axis tour.
Must you praise the leader of a communist dictatorship? There are no real free and fair elections. The communist party controls all. UGH!!!!
#Vietnam? Isn't that the war you tucked tail and hid from #ComradeInAmerica? If you #ReleaseYourTaxes we might forgive your cowardice.
almost normal but not quite
Pulling out of Paris agreement opens the door for China to take over as a world leader... are you so daft as to hand that over for coal?!
I believe it's spelled Nguyễn Covfefeân Phúc.
I'm glad your "bone spurs" didn't stop you from having this meeting. This is the closest you've ever been to Vietnam
Did you talk about your personal Vietnam, aka syphilis?
you liked him because he is shorter than you
Was it an honor to push the prime minister of Montenegro out of the way?!?
you didn't get a doctors note to avoid this? @AprilDRyan @WhiteHouse
likes
did you make this in windows movie maker
Vietnam btw staying in the Paris agreement.
big fan of your food
The losers welcoming the victors of the Vietnam War....and climatic change can wait, of course....
Ok!?
a good man. he fought off bone spurs to fight for his country.
That is as close as you will get to Nam -- since you dodged the draft-- COWARD
Cool
Good policy for Vietnamese immigrants. Support to Vietnamese students to study in the US. We so many thanks Mr Trump.
Great this is a Big story News should talk about 
Mixed feelings here.
POTUS oi!  Bạn là một kẻ ngốc để rời khỏi TTP!
they smile in ur face and laugh all the way home. they know ur a draft dodger, a real pussy "grabber"
Very nice. But for goodness sake stop trying to hand sqeeze with handshake. Real salesmen match your partners handshake, not wrestle them.
There is NO WAY you typed that tweet - you couldn't spell those names and type them with your fat orange fingers!
Sure, invite another Communist into OUR WH!  You seem to get along great with them, don't you?
Oh, you're actually working?
@POTUS @dailykos @jk_rowling @RoguePOTUStaff @POTUSPressPool @Rosie @GeorgeTakei  @Alyssa_Milano @MiaFarrow @ElizabethBanks @alanalda
He is going to see what an ignorant fool and what a laughing stock you are to the rest of the world.  You are so unqualified to be president
The American nation of liberty, the hope of the American people, will always support you, Trump
Pol Pot one of your idols too?
hay
#invite_albasheershow
More Winning 
Keep up the great job Donnie!!build that wall!!!
Dear @realDonaldTrump, go look at a big round map & have your staff show you where #Vietnam is It's not in #USA. #Treason #Pathetic #Cheat
Did you tell him how your buddy @TedNugent shit all over himself to avoid going over there during the conflict? Would make a great story.
OMG… I sure hope you behaved yourself… Don't want to get into another war with them
My father stepped on a landline (bouncing betty).  Put his life 'SFC' on the frontline 4 our freedoms and His troops in Vietnam.
So you can cheat him too?
@teodu aint that chu in the crowd
who? me?
Bloody hell. You can spell his name? Well done Donald. Gold 
Our ministry has been approved to put a Bible College in Hanoi & Ho Chi Mihn City= waiting on provisions& HAVE studies A to Dr degrees ready
#SubpoenaTrump #MarchForTruth  #TrumpRussia #Focus #resist #FollowTheMoney #JaredKushner #Covfefe #TrumpDocuments #COMEY #TREASON #TrumpLies
F**K TRUMP
We pray Vietnam government ends oppression of its people who want to worship freely. Please end communism in Vietnam.
Is he still president? Why is impeachment taking so long ?
mendacious trump is losing some of his orange XD
We are ready.
Former FBI director James Comey to testify before Senate Intelligence Committee next Thursday https://usat.ly/2ssFgUf  via @ErinVKelly
I bet your heel spur was acting up like crazy!
P.M. of Vietnam and I Phuced around liked nobody's #Covfwfw oops mean #Covfefe. #DementedDonald #TraitorInChief #TalkToMyLawyer
#liar #fakePOTUS
how can a woman compete with a god like you!?
Thanks for letting the America press cover the story this time.
You will be remembered throughout history as the Man that destroyed the USAand had the biggest effect on the poisoning&death of planet Earth
Phuc is a nice name. 
Im pretty sure they weren't honored though. But unlike you, they feel responsible to do things that they might not like, cus it's their duty
Something you wouldn't know anything about
No chance to use him for making truble to China
Why don't you just retire? The stress of this job has got to be getting to you.
I bet it wasn't their honor
So good to have you in the White House.  My wife and I pray for you and VP every night.  #MAGA
Excellent editing out of @JaredKushner. Who says the @WhiteHouse comms staff is no good?
@POTUS  you deserve a award for ' Hardest  Working ' person ever! #MAGA 
Who helped with the spell check here?
closest you ever got to Vietnam after five deferrals for bone spurs. you act like some tough guy but you're just the opposite. shameful.
Did you shove him aside in order to get to the camera?
