Are you seriously still crying about that? Dear God, you're the most insecure man on the planet.
And jealous. Hillary and President Obama are always in his head. He can't take he doesn't get the respect they do.
AND, never will! He will always be Putin's Puppet!
"I will build a Lego Wall and make Legoland pay for it."
Idiot!!!!!!!
Blocked!
Mr. President: Don't you have better, more important things to do than tweet about HRC?  Asking for a very worried nation. @TrueFactsStated
He can't transition from campaign mode to leader mode. It's like being a leader was never the plan. Weird.
Trump cannot transition to being a leader when he has no conception what being a leader means or entails.
As he would say "sad". As I have said before, vocabulary of a 5th grader.
A 5th grader who has picked up (but doesn't really get) outdated, misogynist "Valley Girl" lingo from an older sibling...
Did you ever apologize to the women you sexually assaulted? Just asking.
#Trump never sexually assaulted anyone. And did you ask Clinton the same question? #Flowers, #Lewinsky, etc.
So Bill is guilty but Trump isn't. Is it fun being that delusional?
, Bill is a peach. What planet are you living on?
You are a:

a) predator
b) traitor
c) liar
d) man-child
e) all of the above
F) All of the above and SOOOO many more horrible things
Did you ever apologize to all the p*ssies you grabbed? Just asking!
Have you apologized for the birther nonsense?

It is terrifying that you think there are "answers" to the debate questions, @realDonaldTrump
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Lolol..he accused her of getting the questions before debating, now he's accusing her of getting answers?  
He's intellectually limited...
Wow. You have no sense of irony, do you?
Sounds to me like you have no sense at all, typical of liberals.
when are you going to graduate middle school for heavens sake. You are embarrassing us all!
Great question, now thats important, NOT ISIS, jobs, climate, China, North Korea, govt budget, etc. finally a pres who knows!  SAD
My God man...why are you still talking about Hillary?!
Because she's like the smell of formaldehyde in a cadavar lab. It's a stench that takes a while to get rid of.
"Saved by grace" his profile says @MIAMooki.  Must be another one of those "registered" American Christian "party" members.
What's wrong with being a Christian?
Emphasis on "being" which is markedly different from "professing to be."
He advertised it on his profile. You didn't
Right...I don't "advertise."  I live my creed.
Nope. You didn't mention your faith on your profile. He did. He proclaimed his faith
Will you ever move on from the election most Americans wanted you to lose and actually make an effort to govern well? Just asking!
Did you ever apologize for dodging the draft because of "bone spurs"?
Crooked wench
You're the President now.  Do us a favor, and act like it.
Have ever apologize for anything? Just asking!
grow up Donald  this isnt eighth grade
He can't stand that he didn't get the popular vote! Now 45s approval rating is 35%. Trump is a joke!!! #RESISTANCE
This can't actually be the potus being such an ignoramus.  This just can't be real.
why would you reference someone you call a cheater and a liar in regards to how you should behave? @realDonaldTrump Bad Form
YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT GET OVER IT AND STOP LOOKING AT SOMEONE ELSE TO TAKE BLAME FOR THINGS THAT AREN'T RELEVANT
who cares anymore...why do you? What's wrong with you?
Did Hillary ever apologize for not eating all her vegetables when she was 6yrs old? Clinton & debate do not matter. @POTUS & Russia does!!
Did you ever apologize for this?
How do you get answers to a debate before it happens?
You read the questions.......and then research.
Still there is no correct answers, it's a debate, not a math test.
Not sure his followers can tell the difference.
NO ONE CARES YOU FOOL
Maybe before you start looking for apologies from others, you should be WILLING to issue some yourself: to @BarackObama for  birtherism
Did you ever apologize for anything, ever?
By now I hope SOMEONE at the White House informed you that there are no answers to a debate, only questions
I also hope someone informed him that the campaign is over. He won. :-/
I threw up a little in my mouth on that last bit.
GET OVER IT!!! Will someone please take his phone away from him
Did u ever admit u subverted the entire Electoral System, Presidency and Freedom Of Self-Determination, through Russian Espionage? #RESIGN
Help sponsor my Anti-Trump Comedy Tour.PM me4details.Coming2NY State in June or July!Replete with Unpersonations,includingHilarious Hillary!
So childish. You won. Let it go for God's sake.
Hey Donald,
"There's no such thing as "answers" in a debate;..." - @JohnFugelsang
Oh GIVE IT UP Did you ever apologize to the people in your failed university, the business people you cheated, or the women you grabbed!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFZrzg62Zj0 …
HRC not @POTUS #Trumprussia is real issue #resign before #impeachment
doofus - she didn't receive the answers, she received the questions. can't even get these facts straight? SMH.
Ladies and gentlemen, here we have it: the world's most insecure man. You also seem not to understand how debates work.
That’s not how debate works, you lackwit.
Did You Ever Apologize For Knowingly Mocking A Disabled Reporter?! #DonTheCon #LyinDon #NeverMyPresident
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
One should really learn the difference between questions and answers before tweeting.
did you ever apologize to all the people you stole money from via "Trump-U"? Are you a child? 
Apologize for cheating on your wife?
Thank God for that.
God you’re dumb. She wasn’t given answers. She was allegedly given questions. You can’t even get that right. 

One answer she nailed: “Trump is Putin’s puppet.”
Did Donald Trump released his TAXES as he said he would?? Asking for a friend
Better question - Have you ever apologized for anything? Ever? You've done more harm than anyone, so dozens of apologies due. #Putinspuppet
Coming from someone who has never apologized for anything in his life, that’s rich
Your #Distractions don’t work anymore you vile piece of #Treasonous 
There are no “answers” to a debate, dumb ass.
False news she's just smarter than you.
No Honey, bless your heart. You got the answers,  she got the questions.  She came up with her own answers, you had to practice.
Actually #HillaryClinton created her own answers. #nastywoman.
What in God's name is wrong with you?
Donald, it was a debate. A well-prepared debater will anticipate most questions dealing with the “hot” topics of the day and know where they stand on them; i.e., have their OWN answers ready. 

Postscript:
Did Melania ever apologize for plagiarizing Michelle Obama’s speech???

Makes more sense that she received the questions to the debate.  It wasn't Jeopardy.
Have you ever apologize for this hair
Did you ever watch the movie Frozen???
"Let it Go"!!!
you truly are a FUCKING MORON!!!!
What are "answers" to a "debate". 
You need to STFU already. Get over Hillary. And resign. You're a disgrace and a #FuckingMoron
I still see the smirk on her face when she said 1st debate, she stayed in and practiced. Practice, she did, knowing test questions!
Do you have any idea how much you sound just like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum because someone else is smarter?
#TheResistance #Resist
She was the only one who laughed/got your insider joke on #DonnaBrazile at the NY #charity event with the #Catholic bishop @realDonaldTrump
You got bigger stuff to worry about
did you ever apologize for grabbing women or bombing Syrians? #notmypresident
Another busy day in store for you I see.
Stop attacking women you lecherous old pervert!
Hillary beat you by over 3 million votes. The only reason you are in the WH is because Putin helped you TRAITOR!
You’re a CHEAT & a LIAR. #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
WE don't want an apology! WE demand ACCOUNTABILITY! You said you would deliver. It hasn't happened. Remember #draintheswamp? #AmericaFirst
WE are sick of the double standards, rhetoric, & double talk! Restoring faith in politics = holding EVERY lawbreaker accountable! #MAGA
Trump tweets FAKE NEWS. SAD!
Washington Post penned articles explaining how Clinton meticulously prepared for her debate, the non-legitimate Baltimore Gazette published a FAKE news article offering a different explanation — Clinton received her debate questions a week in advance:
The Cowardly Moron won't understand, believe me.
@KaylaGorniak
HAHAHA it was for a project we are doing I was waiting for someone to say something
that'd honestly make way more sense 
Have u apologize for not reading, not preparing to meet with dignitaries, not working an 8 hour day and golfing on our dime every weekend?
Did you ever apologize to America?
she is not our Fake President, you are.
I think he’s still bitter about losing the popular vote
Did you ever apologize to @FLOTUS for @StormyDaniels ? Just asking!
No
How bizarre. Questions not answers you insecure little man. I see you’ve been back on the voter fraud thing.....looking to get caught shortly? C’mon, just let it out...projection by criminals gets boring.

LOL - SHE didn't need answers or even questions, foolish one. She knows this stuff cold.  It's not a T/F or multiple choice ya know.  What a stupid thing to say.
Says the treasonous man who gets into bed with a foreign adversary to steal an election.
Answers? It's a "debate". Did you even go to school? #SMH
Did you ever apologize for your Trump university scam?  (Also, why is it reporters never asked you that question during the campaign?)
Did you ever apologize for being you?
Oh Donny, just because YOU didn't know the answers and she DID, does not mean someone gave her the answers. It means-ahem: You. Are. Stupid.
THERE ARE NO ANSWERS TO THE DEBATE QUESTIONS
WHY SHOULD SHE APOLOGIZE.... ITS NOT LIKE SHE GOT IT FROM 
RUSSIA 
TWEETING @ SILLY THINGS
"answers"???? you did so much cocaine at the debates im sure you were seeing things....
Hillary won the popular vote.
When will you apologize for ripping off veterans?
Did you ever apologize for lying during them?
Did you ever release your taxes? Nope. #crook
Grow up.
HRC didn't have any "answers" during the debate, despite  receiving the questions well in advance. It was YOU who exhibited brilliance!
Will you apologize for colluding with Russia? Just asking!
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Have you apologized to your wife for nailing a porn star?
Did you ever apologize to your wives for cheating? Just asking. #GoToHell #ThePornPresident #TheResistance
But.... how..... does one obtain the answers to a.... debate?  Just asking.

“Answers” for a debate
There are no@answers your #Treasonous piece of 
Remarkable that you don't have anything better to do than rag on the woman who beat your sorry loserish butt. Aren't you supposed to be pretending to be the leader of the free world? Have you apologised for congratulating the dictator for winning his rigged election? Moron.
#EnforceRussianSanctions 
#TrumpRussia 
#MuellerTime 
#StormyDaniels 
#GunReformNow 
#Healthcare
#DACA 
#PuertoRico 
#TaxReform 
#LockHimUp
You just CAN'T quit her, can you? She still lives RENT-FREE in your brain.
She was busy wipeing her hard drive with a cloth.
#FireKushner and #KeepBannon

You idiot, there ARE NO ANSWERS IN A DEBATE. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/848857910297980928 …
What are you... 12 years old?! Just asking?!
Comrade your daddy is calling
Since you asked -  I'm framing this with the title ''Don't Debate if You've Had a Labotomy'' & Awarding you Stupidist Blob of the Universe. 
#askingforafriend
This makes literally no sense.
Don't try to make sense out of insane Man's twitter rantings. In the words of George Carlin "its bad for ya."
"Answers" to a debate.... I mean Jesus.
Is there a way to check whether you're blocked by @realDonaldTrump ?  'Cause you probably are & therefore wasting your time if you don't copy other people.  I always copy Ryan & McConnell & sometimes Sarah (that is probably a waste too).  Not sure the Gov. accs. can be blocked.
Not sure - I doubt he's reading his mentions anyway...
I don't recall ever hearing or reading about any apologies from either of them. But we can deal with the devil in person as long as we know.
Devil incarnate! Worst human in a long time!
Amen!
When is Hillary, Obama, Susan Rice and John Kerry going to be held accountable for their crimes and acts of treason?
Have U apologized for a single one of the many things u have fucked up?? U already said  don't like being POTUS  thought it would be easier
Oh I didn't say I was a Hill fan but the inbred orange cheetah is def fucking up.
When you cheat a candidate that had all the momentum like @SenSanders, the cheetoh and his shit decisions is what you get. Next try 2020.
That's right we will keep talking about Hillary Clinton 4 all who's voice's can't we the people R their voice!
To all the Democrats & Snowflakes who did nothing when Obama & his administration broke the law & covered it up!
Sad, try to distract from what is happening this week.  It will all come out. @realDonaldTrump is going down. #impeachtrump #TrumpRussia
.@newprezisajoke your irrelevant don't waste my time!
Did u ever apologize for saying the most crude things on tape? And what about those tax returns? & how much rent do u charge us for maralago
But you said that you won the debates? Don't you look even better if she got help? #ToddlerInChief #Crybaby #AlternativeFacts #resist
Have you ever apologized for being a sorry sack of Russian shit?
You're so god damned petty
omg grow up you cry baby. You won by cheating. Give it up.
Did you ever apologize for getting the results of the election ahead of time? #TrumpRussia
Then stop asking. Stop when you know it wasn't true. Stop being so juvenile. You are a 70 old man not 7!
#realdonaldtrump Trump obviously has an inferiority complex to be spending his time looking backwards instead of forwards
are you still on that Kick?!?

give it up already, nobody F*Ng cares anymore!
You know there are no "answers" in a debate. You're supposed to know what the hell you're talking about and prove your point!!
You're an absolute embarrassment to this county...resign!
Are you and att'y Michael Cohen still under investigation? Not asking, that's confirmed.
Clinton is the Champion of Lie's, Corruption, Elitism, Demoralization, Degradation etc...! She is to busy covering up murders to apologize!
She never received "answers" to any debate. You are confused once again.

Did you forget to take your meds?

YOU regularly receive answers to questions in advance because you are a mental midget and a dotard.
BLAH BLAH BLAH 
Stop #LYING #DON
Mueller is coming for you...
Did you ever become presidential?  Just asking
I'm sure .. Not .. ..People that lie ...will Lie that they're not Lieing..  
Right ... 
. Are you planning on running this country for the better of all Americans? Just asking!
Mr. President, stop with the jokes already!!!!lol Hillary apologize, now that is a huge joke.
You just aren't the sharpest tool in the shed, are you?
Did you ever apologize (/admit/) for colluding with Russia and rigging the election so the most unelectable candidate in history won? Just asking!
Did you ever apologise for mocking a disabled reporter? Just asking
Again, it's not like a test, there are no correct answers. You simply give your answer then defend it and people can consider your point.
LOL First, the only person who would have needed the answers to a debate is you, you ignorant man! Second, what have YOU ever apologized for? How about cheating on wife 1? Wife 2? Wife 3? How about lying EVERY. SINGLE. DAY?
The #TrumpCrimeFamily have Aided and Abetted Computer Crimes, Illegally Solicited In-Kind Foreign Donations, Conspired to Commit Fraud, Obstructed Justice, Engaged in Witness Tampering, Made False Statements and Committed Perjury #ImpeachTrump #TrumpIsTreason #Impeach #ITMFA
#TrumpRussiaConspiracy #TrumpCrimeFamily  why don't you apologize for having Putin rig an election.  Russian money launder, you have zero credibility.
I'm with you Pres Trump, but please move on.  We need you to engage in the country's problems.
Have you ever apologized for any of the consistent and persistent easily disproved lies you've told?
Lincoln: You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
We're not fooled by your lies.
President Trump, please stop believing the lies they tell you about Syria, they want another WW3
curious, how do you receive answers for a debate since the answer is your opinion or stance on a subject.  Pathetic

Are you serious? There are no correct answers in a debate. That's the very definition of a debate. It's two sides of an issue w/opposing views. 
Your the one cheater! You colluded with Russians, lie daily, use Fox as your speech writer, and spew conspiracy theories. #IdiotinChief
Still hurt over losing the popular vote?
I'm still waiting for an apology from you for trying to destroy the USA and basically being a terrible human being.......
Are you really that dumb?
Did you ever apologize for being a traitor? Just asking!
Did she ever apologize for Benghazi?
Did you apologize for asking putin to illegally hack hillary's EMAIL
Delete your account
It’s already over....
Did you ever apologize to the citizens of the United States? Asking for a friend.
Bwhahahahaha!  You have to be kidding!  A Liberal Progressive apologize for something?  Deny Deny Deny...she still says it didn't happen.
She also rigged the election against Bernie Sanders WTF gives.
Does anyone give one fuck?
Clearly, you have no idea as to what a debate is. There is no “right” answer numbnuts - it’s about who convinces “the judges” their “position” on an issue is best. It’s not a pop quiz with a single right answer. #TooStupidToBePresident
I think she got the questions. You've got neither. Eat shit. Just suggesting!
Did you ever apologize to Colin Kaepernick for destroying his career?
You’re going to have to figure out something else to whine about Donny.
