This is obviously JUST for #Cult45

You have got to be kidding! Nevermind. You really are crazy!
The N.Y. Times did this? So you are saying they are more powerful than the office of president? As it should be.
It is the leader's fault for chumming the waters of the shark invested media pool. I'm not about to let Trump off the hook. Call me what you want, but I know I'm a patriot.
The @POTUS has access to the best intelligence the world can offer, yet he only gets his information from Fox and Friends. 2017, y'all.
Fox news who is vastly influenced by Kremlin
lol bro why'd you respond to this from July go to bed
NYT hates America and lies to the American ppl.but we r wise to them.we dont beleave in ther fake news anymore #latinoforTrump
Did you see the nyt article where Fred trump was arrested at a kkk rally? That was fake? 1924? Time traveling isn't real, even if Fox says
At what point is the media a domestic terrorist?
DJT has done more to tear down what the USA stands for than any terrorist since 9/11
Please tell me how trump tore down anything?
Quit complaining about the New York Times you got bigger fish to fry Muslims kick them all out now
blame game,  u foiled it
You desperately want to be accepted, don't you.
3 Years, 5 Months, 29 Days, 6 Hours, 14 Minutes, and 55 Seconds
You didn't calculate his 2nd term 
No he is not.
Your punctuation is sick.
Start saving boxes for the move back to Trump tower. Might want to fill out a change of address slip now, too.
Resign
You are such a hypocrite.  You burned an Israeli source to the Russians.  You just gave a major interview to the NYT. #RESIGN
Its six in the morning go back to bed u Moran
Resign and Make America Great Again.
What is wrong with you? All these 'failing' companies you have talked about for months are still here.
"Failing" New York Times, eh? *snerk*
U yanks man crazy muthatouchers
You are the leader of the United States of America your moves need to be explained
Donald, today is my lovely wife's http://B-Day.You  and your wife should get to know this virtuous woman.
If this is as true as your "failing NYT" BS, we can safely ignore it (AND everything else you lie about). http://goo.gl/tDC8cf 
Yea, right... pigs fly, the sun comes up in the west, and you're still blathering on.. Thanks 2U, NYT subscriptions at all time high.
Would that be the "failing New York Times" you gave a two hour interview to on Wednesday?
The only thing I see failing is you
Is this what your new communication director tole U to say? Or R U being a bad toddler playing on your phone? #TRUMPSTER ASS ON FIRE
WTF are you talking about now?!?
YOU SOLD OUT AMERICA FOR A FEW RUBLES #TraitorTrump! #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrumpNow
I'm sorry ""PARDON"" them....
Mush Doggies... MUSH!,,, Its a very long pull to honest reporting from here...  

@POTUS will get you there... eventually
#Trump is the best thing that has happened to #America in a very long time! 
  Asked God for wisdom only 2nd to Christ.
He made it so.

OMG! Quoting Orwell to defend Trump?  
Seriously, what the hell is wrong with you?? #FreedomofthePress #TrumpisMentallyIll #TrumpMustGo
You cannot talk about compromising national security
You shared classified information from a US ally with Russia - The ally didn't give you permission
Good thing you got rid of ISIS in 30 days... You are an embarrassment.
Al-Baghdadi is dead, like Trumpcare!
That must be treason and this paper should be shut down.
Blaming our free press for your own agenda in an attempt to coerce or manipulate is unpresidential and chilling

The problem with you, sir is you have no agenda other than self-aggrandizement and enrichment. Zero vision or moral compass.
I'm from queens New York just like you trump  fuccck the times and the left keep moving forward...
I plead with anyone that supports Trump to watch The World at War.

9 minutes into episode 1 of 26 - the similarities with Hitler are vast.
Seriously… This guy spends so much time on Fox News, playing golf, tweeting, or blocking people on Twitter… No wonder he gets nothing done.
The blocking people part is...umm...well the people he blocked are some of the largest blockers on the site. Even using bot.
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 2018 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3DT8-7hNk …
 #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #resist 
If you can't win an election overturn one, nice.
 BREAKING NEWS SERIES!
5 Trump cartoon episodes to put a smile on your face as your country burns!
https://www.dcdouglas.com/breakingnews/  #TrumpRussia
What the hell are you talking about! Can't believe I'm saying that about a US president but then I still can't believe you're president.
my thought exactly. ditto.
#NYTimesIsISIS
@realDonaldTrump invited ISIS to the White House to give them an exclusive interview
The nonsensical ravings of a delusional mind is rage tweeting in the morning. Deflecting from the mess in your office. Figures.
Six months in and you've picked all the best people and yet here you are replacing your press secretary and had to replace your NSA.
That's some kind of record. Oh and with control of Congress you're still incapable of passing any significant bills into law. Sad.
That must annoy you so much that you're failing in every way that a person could. And you can't hold a candle to your predecessors.
And here you are blaming the Times for thwarting killing a terrorist? We know you never need proof of your conspiracy theories but still...
You have no proof and are instead attacking the media and Times particularly because that's all you ever do. That's all you can do. Pathetic
He has no proof? So the General saying so isn't proof?
Let's make UK and US GREAT AGAIN 

You're in the minority there mate.
you think, what's your source?
My infinite knowledge is my source.
must be true then.
Of course! It was never in question.
Well you tweet about what US military is about to do so I don't see the difference
So New York Times is failing and CNN is fake
 yeah. Want examples? 
Yea
Yawn!!!
This is a better example of putting someone's sick agenda over national security
NYT wasn't caught selling our country out to the Russians
Daydreaming about his next kill!
You are the one using a sick agenda to put our national security in jeopardy.
Uh oh..
If she's smart she'd leave you asap.
He's a prize for golddiggers who want to be treated like shit.
You couldnt pay me enough to be with him. He is so gross! Crappy personality to match. Ugh, the thought of him touching me, makes me sick!
I'm with you on that one! You just know he's the type to tell you how much you're loving it and how great he is at it. Bleurgh!
but his tiny hands are very soft, he never worked!
and they are also very moist....just imagine him touching your neck with the sweaty paw.
OMG Matt! Go to your room, NOW! 
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda ov...
OMG, could you just once get something right. Fox News loves idiots because they know they will believe anything they say.
Trump
Russia
Extortion
America
Scandal
Oligarch
New York 

#TreasonousPotus
Nonsense Clearly you have been watching Faux News again. 
You should be reading the AHCA instead of watching TV, tweeting and golfing AGAIN.
Wa? You don't even know what you're saying
You really love killing - now we know why you wanted to be a lecherous Dictator.
DONALD TRUMP & FAMILY COLLUDED WITH RUSSIAN SPIES TO STEAL THE 2016 ELECTION. THIS IS A FACT! #TrumpTreason #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
OH  I WISH  HILERY WAS  IN THE  WH   RIGHTFULY  HERS  , IT WAS STOLED FROM  HER
Can you open your mouth without lying?  Resign or be impeached.
Yet you have them a huge interview the other day failing is your presidency and business. Winning is @nytimes
If it's a failing @nytimes so why would you give them an Interview & insult jeff sessions who was the 1st to stand by you! Terrible
Maybe if u spent more time as commander-in-chief instead of bitching daily, this would not have been yet another Trump military #fail?
After the military okayed the (subscription rate has never been higher) NYT story
Please pick up a book once in a while and get your news from somewhere other than fox. Also, you are totes obsessed with NYT.
Act like a President you paranoid ego driven old man
except this is a lie. STOP WATCHING FOX & FRIENDS AND DO YOUR DAMN JOB - if you know how. #FakePresident #Loser #impotent

Please ban New York Times
You name call more than a 5th grade bully.  It is beyond immature.  Please, stop embarrassing America.
What are you talking about crazy man talking about.
For lack of spine against the Russians, Conspiring with the Russians, being on the take with Russians we the U.S.A hereby Impeach you.
Yet you give them an interview? #Sad
How do we manage to have so many enemies in our own country? They will come crying to you like babies if we lose America to our enemies!
We are sick of it...I can't even stomach the news

What are you blabbering about now? Ur tweets have foiled US diplomacy and put US ppl in grave danger or ridicule(depending on where they go)
Now WHO IS SICK HERE???

The failing @POTUS's attempt to divert attention from his remarkable failure as a world leader, and criminal. Sad. #NotMyPresident
You theman
The media is going way too far. Their job is to inform the public, not to put our country at risk. There should be a red line for them too
Your a looooser
Are you fucking high?
Lies.
Stop getting your intel from FoxNews.
YOU  ARE  A  LIAR  AND  A  FRAUD! #FakePresident #TraitorTrump
,charges should be brought up against the NYTs person/s responsible.  Also for outing the Iranian operative.
Then why invite them into the Oval office last week???  Not the brightest crayon in the box are you???
Are there any adults there I can talk to?
Huh?  

What is this referring to?  Seriously.
"The New York Times did their job while I didn't and now I look bad again. People should be nicer to me because I am a child"
Did it again!  Man, you have got to check your sources!
Typical #FakeNews #LyingMedia trying to score ratings over devotion to country.
seems that would be obstruction and a security violation - this interference with gov't should b investigated immediatedly - 
1st amend ???
No one believes your nonsense. No one. Ask @VP, his lawyer is Comey's best friend.
And, the sick agenda is yours--destroy healthcare and a no-show on climate change..known by all scholars & think. ppl to be greatest threat.
SEVENTEEN intelligence services at your disposal and you get your daily briefing from Fox & Friends. Sad!
Fox & Friends never recuse themselves, which is a priority for Trump
When you make an allegation then provide information or do you need to take responsibility
US attempts?!  Russia is the one that did the airstrike.  U either can't tell the difference between Russia and the US or you are delusional
False. This was printed in the Pentagon News weeks before NYT. Pathetic that you don't even know what's printed locally, but know FoxNews
More civilians have been killed under your administration in 6 mon. than in Obama's 8 yrs. you have no room to criticize anyone
It might be time to start getting your intelligence reports from someplace other than @FoxNews
This is #FakeNews 

Of course, you won't retract or delete it, but the truth is Fox News reported on that raid long before the NYT did.
The fake news media does nothing but harm our country and they hate working taxpayers! We say end them today! We hate them too! No more!
Your informing the American people of their conduct must be why their writing up false insinuating fake news again.
Where are your facts for calling them 'failing' and blaming them for this is beyond ridiculous. Would I use the words paranoid egomaniac?
@potus yet you gave them your interview. Btw, WTF was that? You are so incoherent. You are very weak donald #WeakPresident
The Pentagon leaked the intelligence weeks before the Times, genius.
Your sick and repulsive agenda. fake new your lies. You & family involvement with russia. Traitors to your country. You should be kicked out
The failing @realDonaldTrump blames everyone except the one actually responsible, himself. #WorstPresidentEver

Have you been watching Scooby-Doo again?

About time we put all the dumbocrates failures , leaks, cheating of everything out to a special prosecuter fire with  .
I hope they sue the pants off you!  No one believes a word you say!
Collusion with a hostile foreign power to win the presidency is definitely a national security issue. Best pack up now and move to Moscow.
This is a "WTF?" moment if I ever saw one.
#failingpresident
EXPOSED: The truth about Bana al-Abd and how the West exploits #Syria children for Propaganda!!! Part1 @khalediskef
I always was against too many people knowing what is happening, Don't let your left hand know what the right hand is doing! Words of wisdom!
#FAKENEWS
Why don't you have a flunky fact check Faux before you spread lies to to your ignorant "base"?
Resign
This is delusional, even for you and your brown-shirt followers.
You're the one with the "sick agenda." Ill-conceived "policies," failed attempts at legislation, making rich people richer. #FakePresident
If you switch your name for NYT your tweet becomes the truth. You are our greatest threat
Again: http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/capital.asp …

U WERENT  LIKED  AS A  CHILD  U WERENT  LIKED IN SCHOOL  U WERENT LIKED  IN HIGH SCHOOL
Aiding and abetting the enemy
Obama had no problem killing Osama bin Laden, even after CNN's Christina Amanpour said on TV he was in a villa in Pakistan. Stop whining.
Aren't you pot calling the kettle black... About National Security. Russian in the Oval Office talking down to your intelligence agencies
Can you provide specifics please?
If the New York Times is failing, why do you keep giving them interviews? Oh, because you're failing too.
Ok but didn't he get killed by a Canadian? Mr. President you are so damn petty for real.  
You need a CAT Scan.
F U
There goes Trump diverting the story of Jr.'S Russian colluding and another failed military action onto someone else. Another Yemen failure
Then why do you give interviews? #loser
Is your favorite newscaster Harry Treasoner? I bet it is.
Dump, you are a crazy man and your personal god as with all rich people is the love of money,it will be your downfall.....
Entire force of US law enforcement must be brought to bear down on individual in government who released that classified information to NYT
@pepethetroll Don't forget this:
The New York Times is not failing. They have more subscriptions now than ever. I even have on and don't read it.
WHY would you give an interview to NYT???? They have nothing good 2 say about you or anyone associated with u. They don't deserve an intervu
But I did get Bin Laden ....... Who you get ????
#LoserTrump #DopeyDon #LoserTrump #DopeyDon 
#LoserTrump #DopeyDon #LoserTrump #DopeyDon 
#LoserTrump #DopeyDon #LoserTrump #DopeyDon
Why do you sit all day watching Fox & Friends, who just keeps lying and manipulating you?  Is it part of Putin's agenda? #TraitorTrump

You just had an hour long interview w/them.

Does that mean everything that came out of your mouth was fake news?
As your tweeting on the crapper in morning, do you just throw fiction on the wall to see what sticks? You're a very sick person Mr. POTUS
Oh do tell, bumbles the boy wonder...
The nyt you just sat down with? That one?
If the NY Times if always failing.. always you've said this over a hundred times. Why did u grant the interview with them Grumpy Trumpy?
#Lies, #FakeNews, and #Libel! If that is what "modern presidential" means, let's bring back #ethics, #respect, and #dignity. #Trump is #scum
