That's where all your products are made. You looovvvvve china and other dictatorships.
NOT!
Except that's totally factual lol
Bounty Hunters are needed to the brutal comunist regime dictators.
Dont listen to all of these hurt ass cock washer snowflake liberals. You are doing great and we the people who voted you in love you!
你算毛线？歧视？你算个什么东西？
R.I.P Otto Wambier. We Koreans NEVER forget Otto and his family. - Seoul, 23rd 6 2017
Geez, this is like a 5 year old's synopsis of foreign policy. If you don't get it, stop pretending you do. We're all embarrassed by you.
Not me
Are you saying you don't get it (foreign policy)? Trump doesn't have a foreign policy. He just reacts to Fox News.  That's comforting. NOT!
So....North Korea is not a threat? That's just made up by Fox News? Is that what you're saying?
Can be factual 100% (Fox isn't; they're opinion). If you only report the facts that support YOUR view, it's not NEWS. Must tell both sides!
Shut up
Time to turn up the heat & enforce existing law and sanction Bank of China for laundering $$ for North Korea!!!
Cunt.
Again, get over the idea that other countries are going to put our interest first and do our work for us. Wise up!
In UK we found out prior to election that our government has been giving foreign aid to NORTH KOREA  Makes me wonder what Obama gave them?
The leader of North Korea tortured Otto. He is in peace. Kim Jong um mother slept with the Devil, he is spawned by scum.
Mr.President: I am from China. Just wondering what China has done to do with North Korea! Better not be fooled!
what are you doing about the three American prisoners still in North Korea?
Well what is America going to do about this?. This young man Otto Warmbier Mr. Prez don't let this slide!
#OtherTrump: #Cuba is an evil communist dictatorship. 
this should be the front page of the news. "At least I know China tried"
Really??? I don't know how you can make such an untrue statement
Right, like you knew that Barak was not born on US soil. CUT THE CRAP #FortyFive: We know if China REALLY tried there would be no issue.
So it's another one of those things that's harder and more complicated than you thought?
Love, what you are doing for this country. Myself  being an  from U. K. I would have voted for you because I know that God has your back.
Yeah he really tried. He'd love to help us. Off a high cliff. Grow up and figure out who our friends are, silly boy.
What a fool you are. China played you. Your incompetence is showing again, and endangers troops & US!!
The China leader has completely out smarted you. He also looks and acts more like a leader than yours truely
President Trump, please work to release the other hostages. Please do not blame others. Use your persuasive and intellectual power for good.
China tried? Bullshit.
Well,thank you for your appreciation to our president.
What's more,it's Chairman Xi not President Xi!!!
hi dear chinese people
now time has come' stand up to realize your democratic society 
following mr.liu xiaobo's dream.
got it. go ahead.jj
mr.liu xiaobo's death is the beginning of the breakdown of chinese communist paty for sure. politics of chinese communist paty is over. jj
@Jordan_Hafizi Chinese people are good
Stop practicing military drills on their border, if they were doing the same to USA we'd have a major problem,it's a reasonable request.
Praying for you President Donald J Trump
Time to send the 300,000 plus Chinese students home till Xi stops North Korea efforts to destroy us.
And you are doing nothing.
ATTEND THE NUKE BAN TREATY FOR FUCK'S SAKE. AGGRESSION WONT WORK !!
#whereistherebutaltobillobjections
More so than you did.
Don't pass responsibility off to another country. He was an American and it was YOUR responsibility.Stand up and be a man instead of a child
Even now, dealing slow, China's responsibility is also great
What a stupid statement. This will be your downfall. Pure stupidity combined with no class.
History will remember that you simply ADORE dictators.  Enjoy.
You LOVE dictators.
How many trademarks did they approve for you for tweeting that...
Wow you almost sounded like a diplomat for once, keep it up, Bannon might give you a juice box!
How do you know? XI called and said " I really tried..." You said China could fix this with one ph call? Do you know anything? You just LIE
YOU KNOW NOTHING. EVERY DAY YOU MAKE THAT STUNNINGLY CLEAR.
Just another lie! SAD!
So much for Outsourcing our Security, to bad you still don't have a clue
More we can say for you! China tries tRump LIES! #releaseyourtaxes!
Jesus, you suck at this and WTF happened to being hard on China or were you talking about your boner for them?
Xi wants your power decrease.
Also American power.
dude what even are you goals when it comes to foreign relations
FU
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP
DOING A GREAT JOB!! SORRY YOU
HAVE TO DEAL WITH  ALL THESE
IDIOTS, THEY WILL THANK YOU 
ONE DAY. FOR SAVING US..
China tried??? Really??? They could impose far greater sanctions on NK. Don't make excuses for the Chinese. They don't care about us.
Uh ohhhhh
Stop those stupid military exercises, dummy before the other madman will listen to you.  AA
At least they rolled out the airplane elevator and Red Carpet, Obama got nothing and had to use emergency exit !
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At l...
President Trump, I Know you have Balls but PLEASE Think before you TWEET !!! Do you WANT Millions of Americans & Koreans to Die?? I wonder
Shut up, Trump
#liarTrump
YOU are a SCHITZO.. You fly by the seat of your pants... Nothing ever checked out 1st..GOD NEEDS TO SAVE AMERICA FROM YOU.. Deft ears now.
China hasn't tried to do anything. Are you blind Donnie boy?
yep
What does President Bannon want you to do?
The cake didn't close the deal. Womp.
China gets $600 bn from us & supports Iran & DPRK whose missile designs strangely are Chinese. Yes China has tired V Hard !
How did you know @realDonaldTrump as #Today your #Tweet typically claimed the opposite based on data you had access to at the time! #RESIST
LOL. That is so funny. China tried. lol. China will do zero just like every past potus knew. trump is mentally unstable to serve. #25 REMOVE
Help with sanctions, don't buy Made in China, that means no shoes.
Hi
i am from china
Report for inappropriate tweet
When push comes to shove, China will have to respond appropriately.
Sir You Need to promote India More against China & Pakistani. You can 1000% believe  Country Like India & Indians
China's stolen a million Sq miles of Ocean!.
China bullies Brunei,Japan,Phillipines,SPore,Taiwan,Indonesia, S Korea on a daily basis.
Dear POTUS, Xi Xinging isn't your friend!. Xi could solve this issue in a month but China's policy is to keep the US unbalanced.
When US helped Xi.
FDR put China on the UNSC despite Churchill warning.
Bill let China slink into the WTO!
Yet China stabs US every time!?
York china don't have to help you with the north k that's our own making
President Trump, keep attacking the sycophantic left and totally self-absorbed media masters. Never, ever give in!
My upper tweet is not fake news
So I think that whether made in USA or made in Korea, possessing nuclear weapon system in the Korea will solve a problem = The safest policy

All will work out with you at the helm!  Have great confidence in you!
you could show a little bit more effort,
while being the most powerful person in the world thb.
President Trump, keep up the Good work!
China tried? Or did it just appear to try?
So, guess that gives them a pass from sanctions for their business ties with North Korea. Such a coward
Your mask has slipped, and the Chinese now see the Americans as their enemy No. 1 that they really have been.
How do you know they tried?
make U.S. steel companies great again! Enforce sec. 232 and let's get bipartisan agreement on infrastructure now. #MAGA
Is that the same excellence we will get from you?! At least I tried?! Plz resign Sir.
You just dissed a world leader on Twitter. 

Unbelievable!
So they wont fight against us but they will fight with us?
You can not do anything. Mr.Loser
Xi and Kim connected each other.

Likewise China and North Korea.
Can't they succeed -did good on taking over most businesses in World? Can't 1 Great Special Ops Team Solve this 1 life Not many in war? TY!
Sea blockade is a good policy to the brutal comunist regime.
I am sure China is grateful that you "know they tried." How do u know? Because they told you so? After you called them currency manipulator?
Why do you think you have a 30% approval rating while  almost the entire remaining 70% of Americans give you a big, fat F for failure? Why?
Hi
Why does this sound like a break up tweet
Yep trying is better than nothing so thank you China!
Right 
Sorry Donny, they are playing you for a fool, which you are
Lol
Stop bullshiting america.!!!!
It will not work out since China is more evil than Nokor. They invade islands in West Phil sea that belongs to Vietnam, Phil, Malaysia.
China, China, China... do you remember your campaign?
China laughs at you.
You lie!
China is attacking us with the opiates that are killing our people but you probably don't know that either.
This is on you.  What will you do?
Lol
Efforts???????They suck!
Wish they could say the same for you
Once again, Trump was in over his head. Experts said this would be the result. Trump never listens. A stubborn old man with zero intellect.
THEY DID NOTHING!  WELL, EXCEPT DUPE YOU!
That is you being tough on China???? SAD
YOU SOUND LIKE A 2 YEAR OLD!!!!  MY GOD GROW A PAIR
Because you screwed it up so badly
More than you have ever done in our own country. 

I thought you didn't like them? I thought you said they're the ones who invented Global Warming to sabotage the economy?
I think we meed to straighten out a few things with China before we ask China to do your job dealing with North Korea, dont you?
Some times yoo really are just embarrassing
Goof night #
Which is more than we can say about your incompetence
Fake News..Fake President..



Nobody likes you !!
Well, guess what? THEY DIDN'T! They send escaped prisoners who escape N. Korea through China, back to N. Korea to be tortured or k!lled.
@POTUS They took no part in helping you/U.S.! China returns escaped prisoners from N.Korea back if caught in China. They will be k!lled or..
How?  Because you talked to Xi for ten minutes and shared chocolate cake?  Idiot.
At least there are no holes in your ignorance!
I get more tweet alerts from the Donald than Tinder matches LMAO
Ok
Be the first President to disclose the truthabout theRoswell crash and contact with aliens.Become the most celebrated President of all time.
You must be the only one who knows what China did to help with N Korea
Why American worried about everyone but there own backyard
How did you know that?
WHEN ARE YOU STARTING WW3 PRESIDENT TRUMP???
stupid，they tried nonthing。they cheat you
Just love your military plan Idiot!  "Leave it up to the military - Let the Generals decide what to do" You have no idea! #WorstPresident
Currency manipulator ? now we say thanks !! U r pathetic
So, Monghadi Trump, what is next... WAR?
Now, having said that, what next? Or R U planning to foist North Korea on Matthis, next? Thought U were taking care of Kim Jong Un! LIAR
On to health care watching NBC only show the negativity of politicaians who r not supporting the healthcare bill, move on OBC is bleeding
CHHHHHIIIIINNNNNAAAAA!!!!!
It was obvious that their "efforts"would amount to nil ,but you might as well play the game until ready for the confrontation.
World War III is blatantly going to happen, no one unfortunately will have a say in it, sadly just try and prepare yourselves best way u can
Ah, shucks. That's what we will say about you! "At least he tried!" Or, wait. Actually, it'll be "thank fucking God he's gone, hated him"
Hmmm! North Korea, Syria, and what other country will not join the New world order banking system?
Tried to read at CNN but Norton ad kept covering it up.
