Are you a communist or what?
I will never watch a sporting  event  in this country.   After 6 years in the United States of America Navy. I am totally  discussed with the sorry people in this country.  Sport people make more in a 5 years game.  Than I made working  for this country  30 years my life.  GPH
You know my mother...
To bad people media and government reps done focus on things the way they dissect everything the president says and do
@cherie_moya lives dont matter only the flag does according to comander orange and chief and those who love the cabinet fruit basket cases..
It's about showing your respect and appreciation for the men and women overseas who lost their lives so as to keep this country free.
#dotard Puerto Rico needs HELP
Like me there are people who lost their lives under that flag LIVES u dont get another one NFL can kiss my irish ass
I do agree! Another topic, invite senator McCain into the White House. Honor him. He’s dying, it’s time to be the bigger man.
Stop putting politics in our football, all your doing is putting fuel on the fire..
Boycotting NFL. Overpaid jerks
I am a daughter and sister of vets and a mother of a staff Sgt in United States Air Force. This is very disrespectful to vets and country
It has nothing to do with the vets, they are simply protesting about killings. They all respect the countries vets. Don't let DT confuse you!
No it's not, it's about a bunch of millionaire activist joining in with the leftist losers to cry
Because you want to involve religion with government. What happened to separation of church and state???
Focus on Iran, North Korea, your boy Putin, or truly equal rights for everyone. I'm being stripped of my military service.....
Why don't you focus on more important things rather than someone's first amendment rights??
I think it's time to stop demanding respect and start earning it.
There’s this cool thing called freedom of speech. Verbal and non verbal. Have you heard of it?
Focus on stopping the possible nuclear war you are starting with your tiny thumbs on twitter and shut up about about the NFL
Wimps... Wow! Didn't your mumma tell you that insults will get you know where in life!
With so many important issues going on in the world...this is you focus?  You are incredibly short sighted sir.
Let them put themselves out of  business. Who cares!!
Kneeling has NOTHING TO DO WITH THE FLAG
Trying to get the word out. #BoycottNFL on Veterans weekend. Nov 9 - Nov 13. No football and no pregame shows.
You don't respect their right to protest peacefully so I don't believe that you really know what respect is.
I think those ignorant players should be fired and banned from the NFL for life. Maybe then others will show respect for this great country.
Yes total respect
Kneeling and booing are both examples of legal speech. Officers killing unarmed African Americans= less so.
Not about the flag or a lack of patriotism. It’s about demanding acknowledgement for institutional racism. Acknowledge that first.
Amen President Trump, I'm one who demands Respect, seems they need to be hit in their pocketbooks,the owners too
Please move on
The flag is a symbol....  What if the big percentage kneel and don't respect the Flag?
From what horror are you trying to distract us now? Your disgusting behavior in PR?
There was only booing for you Don The Con!
I personally think you're a fool
Congratulations Mr prezo teach Kenyans au to ŕule
Suck it up buttercup
Why can’t you focus on real problems?  Puerto Rico  needs help, guns need to be controlled and we need affordable healthcare for ALL!
I'm in Michigan,,do that here and your off the league,carreer over,leave anthem out of your petty arguments,respect that flag and stand daaa
Please quit tweeting and worry about the real issues...
President Trump, we the Real Americans stand up and respect our country’s flag and what it took to give us this great country 

Amen. God Bless America
FThe NFL
Give it a rest Don!
My Trump fake news again
Ihy


#WorstPresidentEver
But there thousands of people are dying in asian countries 
This is nothing!
This is one issue we agree on! You could have handled your deliverance of your disapproval better than you did.
Oh shut up!
There but for the grace of God, go I.  If I may suggest, let the children play their games.  You are far too important for them.
It's not about the flag!
We are in America, not North Korea. Support right to protest peaceably. Jehovah Witnesses also don't salute the flag.  Their right.
Respect is earned,,, not demanded...
Shjt the fuck up you clown.
Please READ the Constitution and the guidelines for the American Flag. Misinformed POTUS. SAD for Americans everywhere!
Don't we have bigger problems than players not standing for national anthem
I agree
Yes and I am one of those Americans Respect our Flag are leave
Healthcare for vets, housing and jobs.
Yes our Flag  and the Men and  women who fight and have fought to defend it deserve respect. But right now our country faces bigger issues
This is what we all need to remember!

But more people booed the Dotard POTUS
Trump Sir please Help Me my Husband lives In USA He Is Froud me I Lives in India  please Help me Sir
hahahahaha great 1
I request You Sir Please Help me
Many people boo you. These are citizens who demand respect for our Constitution! You need to atone and #RESIGN.
And you POTUS. Respect our President!!! #realDonaldTrump #MAGA
What exactly are you,  or anybody else for that matter, going to do about it?
Lmfaooooooooo
How about you stop worrying about the NFL and worry about the people in Puerto Rico. You are so backwards it is sad.
Such ignorance of the meaning of taking knee and of the purpose of the protest. Alternative facts causing mass hysteria AGAIN.
This form of protest shows respect for flag and country.  They are protesting police brutality and policemen have taken a knee with them.
You mean showing respect by calling yourself a brave soldier for avoiding STDs after dodging the draft? Your "personal Vietnam?

You are the prettiest president the earth has ever had.
America, this is just the Russians!  Presidents dont act like this!!
Soooo happy NBA won't allow that BS!!!
No it's not ASSHOLE!!....... it's because you put hate in there heart and blinded them, from the real issue
Draft dodger. You need to shut up about respect. Coward.
Demand! What about what those Americans kneeling. What about their demands! Only white supremacists like you, felt this way!
What are you doing for Liberia election?.... and what are some opportunities available in your government for young people and people with low income..??!?

To be clear, this is the mayor of San Juan who he insulted. She's using a bullhorn to find people. 
Boycotting football till they stop shoving they're opinion down my throat.this is not a racial issue
The same ppl demanding respect for the flag where booing during the national anthem, that's the definition of hypocrisy...
help spread the word for season ticket holders not to show tomorrow
The truth
Is booing during national anthem respfectfull? Why praise booing and freak out about respectfully silent, kneeling players?
Why is kneeling considered as being disrespectfull?
 I thought when you kneel you show profound respect and regard.
Christianity is the most common practiced religion and I'm pretty sure as a Christian you're not suppose to praise anything higher than God
That is correct MrPresident and most fans are not buying the last minute attempts to save revenues #BoycottNFL #Boycot #RACEBAITERPLAYERS
We have rights! Stop trying to be a Dictator.
Funny that you speak out against athletes but neo nazis? Silent until guilted... Speaks volumes.
Watch the NFL start double talking and trying to walk this behavior back. Too bad...cats out of the bag! The consequences are coming...
Why don't u address real problem: the feeling that there is racial bias in some police depts? Training/education. Ur job.
Not as many as the ones who booed you
The only person I would boo is you!
Cf..   .
Where do we draw this line between respecting it or worshippers of it?
I agree
We stand for our freedom! If they don't like our country they have the right to leave!
And I booed YOU!!!

Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
I think it was good that they showed respect for the victims of police violence. We can't just pretend it doesn't happen, because it does.
@realDonaldTrump I demand justice for Trayvon Martin. I demand Brock Turner be locked up. Where's the respect there? You just dgaf.
Many supporters too
Quit
Those who can’t respect own flags don’t deserve to stay and eat and enjoy in that country
I expect and demand @realDonaldTrump respect from you, please buy a dictionary and a thesaurus. Your 200 word vernacular us killing us!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtY9OtQ5vE8&t=43s …
Many more praised them blowfish
Yes & many fans stood with arms locked & many ran to buy a beer.
How is this tweet not a first amendment violation?
Do not invite the dictator

Thank you
Idiot
Your campaign treasonous Russian collusion you refuse to address Russian interference in our democracy that is what ppl should be concerned!
It isn't about the flag or the song. Trump is unfit to govern he just isn't smart enough to begin with. Invalidate the election. #StopTrump
Stop RANTING.
These are good people expressing the injury our country imposes on people of color and women in this country. Talk to each other.
Since when is taking a knee disrespect?  My cheerleaders know taking a knee shows respect for an injured team member.
Booers are disrespectful of rights of speech
PAY ATTENTION
WATCH: Superintendent of the U.S. Air Force Academy passionately tells racists to "get out" 

I believe in u! I'm sure one day soon u will understand the flag & the song r only for an united America where police love the communities.
Before the day, the bad policing not only destroys many innocent American lives every day but also put the good policemen's lives in danger.
You feel it's acceptable to boo while the anthem is playing? Talk about disrespect.

You sit on a throne of lies. I hope it gives you hemorrhoids.
I don't think that kneeling at the national Anthem is a bad idea. It gives said player's their right to protest.
#trumpsowhite
Stay out of their business n deal what we have been threaten with NORTH KOREA he is not playing with U @kellyz713 @sawsharee @MooPersists
Even was in the military. My husband served 22 years and we back the NFL why? Because we understand why they are doing it.  You do not.

BLOTUS BLOTUS
No, these are ignorant people that have no idea why they're booing.
Focus sir. Tax cuts for middle class, not richest. Middle class does not benefit from elimination of inheritance tax.
More people BOOED you #FakePresident #LYINGTRUMP
NFL Junkies, time to find a new pass time.
@realDonaldTrump   grow up http://man.help  puerto rico.
Do you think a president should be calling private citizens a "son of a bitch"? Is that Presidential and respectful? Please answer.
