After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!...
Not likely ya big Orange looser! Ha ha!
U want an O'Care Replacement_Scrap Insurance Cos_Send Fed Gov't the bill! Disallow ALL Exemptions including Congress
.U
good

I feel betrayed by the Republican Senators they're put in office to work for the people.
Lol
They are vicious dogs at the end of a chain but when the chain breaks  (TRUMP ELECTED ) we find out what cowards they really are.
what do you mean the suffering of Obamacare?? Ba thankful to God.  That u got a chance to lead. Make sure you don't fail.
I agree Trump
You are doing great...
God is with you ...
So Many Republican Senators R part of the Problem and The Swamp. They need to be drained. They should run as Democrats.
We are not suffering. Wonderful coverage; enhanced benefits. I love the ACA. Kudos to my president, President Obama, for his achievement!
Idiot......
Oh gosh we're gonna have suffer through the better reality of the ACA some more. Maybe we should fix and improve? Jk Lol just burn it down!
See if they will vote to stop their exemption from Obama care. If they see how bad it really is , they might do better
What YOU promised was affordable healthcare for all ... where are YOUR ideas?
Trumpfcare is the GOP "final solution" to exterminate it's undesirable population.
Where is The Wall Mr President??
#NoDACADeal
Ocare is a BIG FAT HEALTH CARE TAX LIE.
Obamacare has not been a disaster at all.   It needs a few small fixes and it will be great
Suffering?  Is that why 80% of voters want to keep Obamacare? U are lying again! btw not funding it will put you on the criminal side AGAIN!
"suffering" through access to healthcare. #yourealoser
SLEEP!!!!!!
The suffering starts when you end it for so many millions. B/c Obamas name is on it it is bad great logic
I have a simple solution it the health care problem. Give the people the same as the congress has. Or have them delete their health care.
Shepard Smith are you transgender?
Literally no one is suffering that much. People are going to be suffering when you literally make it IMPOSSIBLE TO GET HEALTH CARE
All humans deserve adequate and affordable healthcare, just as much as they deserve an education. All humans on all sides should agree.
Impeach Trump 2017
As "they" have promised?  I clearly remember YOU promising. You have to own your failures too.
YOU promised that this would be done on day 1. You said that the plan was ready to go. What happened?
17 years. You are clueless
You want loyalty? Rudy! Rudy! Rudy! You know how he handled democrats in NY. Crooked Hillary would have big problems.
Perhaps if they  were thrown off their insurance and had to go onto OBAMANATION CARE  they would be getting the  job fone
Mitch McConnell is the one to blame for all partisan fighting in Washington.
We need a national (public) health plan, not a give away to the insurance companies.  Get rid of the parasites.  They ARE the swamp.
Hope you realize what "failing" ACA did for those with pre-existing conditions and don't let the Repubs ruin that.
You have all failed us
Every tweet by you is another slam to America. Another lie, another pile of bs. You should take your awful family away. Anywhere but here.
If Trumpcare is passed and you sign, it will be the end of your career in gov. Health care bill is so horrid, it will kill so many Americans
Then allow the American people to have the same healthcare as our Elected Officials!
Or replaced by thinking Republicans or at least a third of the Senate in 2018.
passing the buck again.
They had 7 years to come up with a great plan.  What were they doing.    Waiting for Hillary to take over Odummer place
Coming through and what you've proposed are two different things, you ad hoc hack.
What about your own promises? You are a liar.
Translation: Let's continue our plan to screw America again.
What about YOUR promises? You have lived up to NOTHING!
Yes repeal add over state lines in commerce and do not replace￼
The same GOP that created it in 1993?
Don't senators get free healthcare? How did they suffer from Obamacare?
I'm disappointed by the lack of support that President Trump is getting by a bunch of
I LOVE SARAMUCCI. GREAT JOB! "!""" I LOVE YOU MAN
Are you finally working on a national health care bill Mr President like they have in civilized countries?
TrumpCare spreads cancer
They are coming through! Not backing Trumpcare is backing the people that need it most. You want it passed so rich get more money, jerk!
I've lost all faith in the GOP Steve 

Not suffering....
Keeping promises? Just like how Putin sent your allowance through Dmitri Rybolovlev?
Like you came through on YOUR promises?
AMEN!#***
Isnt this ALSO up to U 2 create 1 they will pass??  U said u would and it was easy.
WTF would you know about suffering? # The heartbreak of psoriasis.
The deflection game begins. U made the same promise. If this fails you must take ownership, but you are incapable of this.Mr Art if the deal
. Please government needs a diet
The Republicans need to repeal Obamacare.  They need to stand up for the people not themselves
no they haven't. Its what's killing Senator McCain to see the absence of True Honest Government for the People. Make him proud just one time
Obamacare name was given by stupid GOP senators. It is ACA and it has given coverage to millions of people.
Your "mean" plan isn't even popular with Republicans. That should speak volumes
Idk dude. When it went into place my last job gave us all better insurance at a lower price.
Resign
"suffer"?
Did they put the promise in writing? Just asking.
Try leading dumb a**
Who really cares whether ACA is repealed?
It seems like a simple job why can't they just all get together and work together I don't understand it
At some point in past America had medical insurance we need to go back to the way it was years ago
Except your followers are on the ACA- and they all now hate you. Good Try though.
I love the mental health coverage I get under ObamaCare, and no pre-existing conditions! Stop Lying Donald!  #lyingdonald
You're not as powerful as you thought you were are you?
My family doc, doesn't even accept Market place insurance! Get rid of the mandate tax/penalty!!!
Government should never gotten involved in Insurance! But since insurance companies dropping like flies.. give it back to the states!
Since its not going to get enough votes, let every American have FEDERAL INSURANCE, government employees can "carry" the common folks!
So if you let the poor, the elderly and sick Americans die from TrumpCare that will end their suffering?  #TrumpDontCare
All of Obamacare must be repealed now. During election 2016 it was a promise that it would be repealed, so they must do it
Let obama care collapse then you dont have to own it the dems will

Dems are leaders or aren't they
They are but don't exclude trump. He is out president NOW so if things get bad he looks just as bad as all of the politicians.
You lose
If they are suffering so much why are they keeping parts of ObamaCare for themselves and taking all of it away from the people.
The Senate 60-40 Super Majority also needs repealing;as the President indicated earlier, 8 Senators control the Senate. Legislative Monopoly
RT

After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare,
Republican Senators MUST come through as they have promised!

.@mitchellvii #tcot
I know many who truly suffered before Obamacare.  Thanks to Obama they FINALLY had insurance! #preexistingconditions
They didn't suffer I'm willing to bet not one Republican senator lost his doctor as a result of Obamacare
Guess what, you walking human pancake, the American public is overjoyed that stupid bill didn"t pass!
here's idea: sign exec order that all senators,congress,pres,vp & supremes have to use the VA-otherwise they pay out of pocket4 private ins.
PEOPLE WILL DIE WITH YOUR DUMBCARE FROM THE SWAMP PEOPLE


You promised, not senators.
Please!  I pay 8,000/yr wth 6,500 deduct for my wife and it covers NOTHING MARYLAND!  Republicans my u know what!  WTH are they doing!!!
Spolier alert: that didn't happen.
The republicans need repeal Obamacare. They need to step up and do the right thing
Only suffering are rich paying taxes. Keep ACA. Fix it!
What is the cost of fish?
You are  FUNNY.... ignorance is bliss
"You're gonna have such great health care at a tiny fraction of the cost, and it’s going to be so easy." — Donald Trump, October 2016
That allow insurance companies and big pharma to rape the American people and, by all means, STOP WITH THE LIES ABOUT THE ACA.
Suffering?  I FINALLY have insurance after YEARS of not having it and you want to take that from me.  FIX the system close the loopholes
I think congress do not know what they do. They have had terrible outcomes with health care policy

Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
How about YOUR PROMISES??? remember?  everyone to have insurance. You sir do not know how to talk WITHOUT lying
Drain the Republican swamp and then get to the Dems
Who suffered?? The people that had healthcare for the first time in years?  Nope.  The rich folks that had to pay more taxes didn't either.
They totally didn't. Everyone hates you!
You mean those same senators who have a 5 star health plan, unlike their constituents. You're literally the worst person on earth
Good luck.  they are pathetic legislatures
The dump the problem is insurances company no Obama care
no one has suffered through ACA. It was long overdue. Where's this better cheaper plan, u promised Don? U are full of sh**
Suffering is the wrong word here. You meant thriving.
Exactly how has America suffered?  Tell me!! Back it up!!!'  Please!!!!
You assume they want to win. I hope you are correct!
Nah. Let them fuck it up so we drain the republican dbags too.
No.  We want a repeal.  If they refuse to vote for that THEN we drain em.  Primaries would be well deserved
Yes stripping millions of Americans of their healthcare to finally prove once and for all that they are heartless assholes
Guess you were wrong again. Head of a party full of mean spirited fools. #WorstPresidentEver
Yes! At least repeal so we can get our own coverage. They need to help all the people or be made to be on Obamacare as well.
Go with Rands Paul's plan... makes sense.
You will get it done, I am sure.
Problem is they have to answer to the American People not you! "I LOVE IT".
Go trump. Love what you are doing for the betterment of our country.

No one suffered under Obamacare it was a much fairer system. Poor people can't afford $10k + bills.
Yeah, affordable, accessible healthcare for all is a horrible thing! Great job making sure health care is a luxury only for the rich.
Nobody but you and the some of the republican senators are "suffering thru ObamaCare".  The people in the nation are not suffering.
Except Obamacare isnt causing suffering among most Americans. They have healthcare. Only those rich enough to want huge tax breaks. Selfish
no one suffered through obaba care it helped if anything. Think before you speak man
And 8 more years of ObamaCare suffering Mr. President :) As much as you dream about its one legacy YOU are stuck with like gum on shoe :))))
SUFFERING? You are suffering b/c you want to take away our healthcare and we are not going to let you.
No, just no.  Are you insane?  Seriously, I think you need to be checked.
 liar, corrupt, sad. @realDonaldTrump could have tried to do something!? Choked! Was 2 busy burying tracks & hiding ties from media.

Sorry..that boat sank.  Great leadership...WRONG!!
They won't. They can't come together on almost anything. Many are establishment RINOS and in it for themselves. 2 more bailed on healthcare.
Thank goodness for McCaines brain clot huh? What do you make of the irony? We all can see something greater at work.
Stupid Republican Senators will lose their power if they don't start passing something!! That's why term limits are needed!!!
It helped many more people than it hurt
YOU promised same foctors, own plan, low costs, low premiums. 
YOU ARE A LIAR
Not gonna happen, Donnie
If legislators were required to participate in National Healthcare it would be the best And it would be done quickly!
We've suffered more in the last 6 months with your lies and evil policies than could possible have happened with the ACA.
We the citizens voted for #repealobamacare . . . not for grown men and women to wimp out.
I agree every1 is blaming the other side. DO SOMETHING GREAT and stop whining
But they won't.  Mr. President it's time to use the bully pulpit against the rats and swamp creatures in our own GOP (rallies if needs be).
So much winning! If you mean failing.
VP Mike Pence is best VP in history, in my opinion. He can only do so much, the party has 2 want 2 make this happen the right way
They need u or health sec to dictate it. They are worried about personal career over serving the people. That's what I see. Not ur fault
