,...& HE's threatening "FIRE & FURY" (August 9, 2017; 3:05 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Someone give these idiots a history book
RT @foxandfriends: Trump vows U.S. 'power' will meet North Korean threat http://fxn.ws/2uoniUc ...
so, they r now threatening GUAM (August 9, 2017; 3:05 EDT) #KIMJONGUN #NORTHKOREA #FAIL
Will them or others. Those days are coming
Where such weapons will be used.
Now who is publishing leaked classified intel? Irresponsible!
That power is fire  and fury.  A great song by skillet.
@realDonaldTrump Just because you can, does not mean you should. A wise leader would consider potential collateral damage to allies 1/
Millions of South Koreans at risk.  Residents of Guam at risk. Tens of thousands of US troops at risk. Why?? 2/
Why?? Because neither the US nor North Korea has a rational leader willing to stand down and use a cooler mind to solve this problem.
You cannot compromise with a Dictator! Thank God we didn't do that with Hitler!
AS A LIQUID YE CAN ALL DRINK WITHOUT KNOWING, THEN BOOM WHOLE BODY GONE, EXPLOSIVE THIRST......LOL
World Leaders think Trump is a JOKE
Do we care what the world leaders think of our President, at least he is not bowing to them and kissing thier hand!
Stooping down to NK hyperbole with a dictator with nothing to lose is a pretty stupid strategy, Trumpski.
Sad
The ONLY ‘threat’ to the USA is Donald Trump.
Americans vow Trump will be met  with fire, fury and power the likes of which this world has never seen before if he drags us into FAKE WAR.
You know , a country with nuclear weapons and has repeatedly threatened America and other countries is fake according to you. It's utterly
insane to say that. If we do nothing like Obama did we are jeopardizing security on a global scale. The action must come when we can't allow
NK to progress in their nuclear weapons. You have to accept the ugly truth of reality and stop living in your fantasy socialist land.Wake up
For what
It would waste too much of my time to even try to tell you how great Trump is.
Our hero and very brave man protecting Americans unlike Barry.
Making reckless threats in the mold of dictators like Un, putting others at risk, while himself safe is the very definition of cowardice.
Trump is not making our world unsafe, it already is. Open your eyes and stop blaming Trump for things you don't understand.
Yes but he's making it much much worse by sending out countless threats on social media like this.
Young man ,how many threats should the American people take on our country before our POTUS stands up, its about that time
The point is, he's making the threats worse, and more realistic by taunting people online.
How is it worse, anyone who knows real life situations know there must be a drawn line , this way we KNOW how to handle the situation
Do we really KNOW how to handle a nuclear apocalypse?
Donny confuses words with action. He is a blowhard bully. A keyboard tough guy. Weak, ineffective and a coward
You know 1 million created jobs is not effective, take out a nation that has threatened us with their nukes, that's weak. Trump's a bully
he is tough on fake news, that's the libtards logic that you have. Sad to see someone so ignorant.

Once again idiots, SHE'S NOT THE PRESIDENT
Then why does Trump keep bringing up her emails at his Rallies?
Stupidity?
another/latest TIT 4 TAT  (August 9, 2017; 3:05 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #KIMJONGUN #NORTHKOREA #FAIL
It is said they are the size of trumps small hands

Action is the most important
OYG! They are doing the same things we do! Let'S call them evil!

Sir ,president plzz stop those people Korean  they just want us in Africa to die

Unconstitutional to go to war w/ out congressional backing
It's a fact that it is unconstitutional to go to war w/out congressional approval we need to staff the state dept & practice diplomacy
What do you call : "fire, fury and frankly power, the likes of which the world has never seen before"?
I find it interesting when I'm blocked by someone I've never heard of before. i.e. candlemaker52. Do Trumpsters pass around lists to block?
IDK! I block abusive people & Bots. I don't agree w/ much of what the T supporters have to say, but if they aren't BOTS, I hold out hope.
“They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.” Someone's been watching "Pulp Fiction" reruns on vacation.


Please tell me the crimes he's committed

I asked for crimes.
It's quite obvious that no matter what my comment may be, you will be right. 

I will comment on one crime. Let me just say RICO.
It's quite obvious that you have nothing left to say so you post that. You claim that you're a logical and reasonably person, then lets have
3 Years, 5 Months, 11 Days, 5 Hours, 36 Minutes, and 34 Seconds
Thats 3 years, 5 Months, 11 Days, 5 Hours, 36 Minutes and 45 Seconds Too Long...

I hope you're going to join the army
Why do you say that?
If you know history wars that are not supposed but the country's people is more likely to suffer the most losses key in point Vietnam
We should stop electing Vietnam war draft dodgers o they will get us all killed .

He is following a time honored tradition of an American president kissing major Arab ass. Replace obama with any  36_45

Only threat to the world is Trump and his tiny hands and huge ego, itching to press the red button
GLASS,.. ONE BIG SHEET of GLASS !!! GO TRUMP !!!!!!
Let's not lie. Trump only wishes he could be called America's Supreme Leader, and that's his goal.
Sounds like there are WMDs in Iraq...oh wait...Lybia...no....Syria. Oh, right N. Korea has WMDs now. Time 4 next for US Military invasion!
Very likely true. They have yet to figure out how to get the ballistic missiles warhead not to burn up on re-entry.
You're fear mongers. The DPRK is homicidal. Not suicidal. Tell the truth to people.
Political regimes similar to those that now rule in NorthKorea, Russia, Venezuela. Must be removed from power and convicted for their crimes
OK BIG MOUTH- what is your plan. Listen N.K has not intention of hitting us.
and your bluster means zippo. Any President would fight back-
EVERY freakin administration we are pointed to a new 'threat' a new enemy to go fear hate. I am so sick of the BIG business of war in USA
You don't really expect us to shoot down our own missiles for testing do you? That would be expensive! Use NK's missiles as they fire them!
Great, 2 idiots who only care about being right with their finger on the trigger...anyone else worried?
Tell him! Any missile that leaves your border, we will shoot it down! It's only fair! If you test missiles, we test anti missiles. Simple!
لماذا يحدث بين الولايات المتحده
That gook won't bomb anything! Thanks president Trump for not backing down & showing the world that we aren't wimps anymore!

Tell China to deal with NK and if they don't we tax the crap out of the Chinese products that come to our country problem solved. YW

They got those missiles from Russia.
I see your god has nuclear codes. Could be one flick of switch away from 1st class tix to hell with Trump & Fox.  Then USA would be GA.
I know three will be intercepted and one will be missed intentionally. Hope @realDonaldTrump will outsmart Kim JE.
I HAVE SO MUCH TO WORRY ABOUT NK, OUR MEN GUAM, MY PRESIDENT BETTER NOT GET US IN ANOTHER WAR REMEMBER.  I DON'T WANT BAILOUTS!!

Noway they are that smart.


Sick people want to go to war on both sides.Trump is sociopath, looking to distract from #RussiaGate and all of you followers are lemmings.
Trump keep your mouth shut. The news media seems to think they can fix it with North Korea why don't we send them on over there

Invite the little guy to Disneyland, he just needs a friend to hang with lol
YOUR CRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZYCRAZY. UNFIT FOR OFFICE. 25th AMENDMENT IS COMING FOR YOU. CRAAAAZY!!!
GO PRESIDENT TRUMP

Time to reign this insanity... Kim Jung Un is a extremely dangerous punk.  #NOLONGERSILENTMAJORITY
We might kill every human on earth but we'll never win a war with North Korea and China. Trump is incompetent at best.

Make América great again
FOX & friends should know that Trump will be safe if NK acts on threat! He cares nothing of the American people including FOX!



Meet them  ''threat for threat''  Wait til they strike 1st--then obliterate NK--KEEP CHINA AS ALLY
Tu ES
Since when is Fox&Friends the official outlet of the US Intelligence Services? #MoronPOTUS #tellmeyoulovemePLEEEEZZZEEEIneeditsobad
I hope there is a plan to help the countries that will be directly impacted by the back and forth threats. #japan #Korea #guam

Donald Trump accidentally "likes" tweet that accuses him of rape http://www.palmerreport.com/politics/trump-likes-tweet-accuses-rape/4274/ …
Does the report say there using 60s tech. Add any weight and they won't make it. I only hope we nail it over there own country
TrumpNews a.k.a. FOX & friends love the FAKE President so much!
The leader and his people are miniature also. They could for in the missles.They will never strike, they know they'd be on the map in 10 min
You mean off the map!
Lol, yes I saw that but was headed to bed didn't even bother to correct it. I will give you my password you can edit my tweets. 
LOL...
Hurray! Hope I die to stop the misery of having to watch and listen to @realDonaldTrump's moronic belches.
Bullshit
Stop trade with China until NK regime changes!
Very frightening, Thank God, for our current Military.
psychobabble
Has NK ever launched anything that ever hit a target (even though no attempt at shooting it down occurred)??  Screw Un - eliminate him alone
We only need that one submarine with 200 missiles that have Nuclear tips to take out the whole entire "country" of North Korea.
Do you get your news from any other location?  A bit short sided to only watch one network.

カウボーイ魂を忘れず、家族（アメリカ国民ね）が殺されれば即敵討ちをしなければ、舐められちゃいますぞ。さあ～米軍の総攻撃で北朝鮮を静かにさせましょうぞ。其れができるのは正義の使者・トランプ大統領のみだ。
GIVE KIM WHAT HE WANT SO CAN ALL MOVE ON!!!
Tem que frear esse maluco antes que seja tarde....
Es que en realidad no piensan en los niños tengo mucho miedo soy de Colombia 
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews bit off topic, but before things get out hand. You should ask Kim Jung to start a twitter account.
.@realDonaldTrump 2-do U care about the millions of people U might get killed? I think U care to get puffed up and brag. No care. about USA
.@realDonaldTrump 1-Why do U want to start a war? Do U think U can then be king? Wrong! U R a lying conman who knows not what he is doing.
Who can stop this puppet-show is who create, CHINA. Signed at  THE SECURITY COUNCL. Does China want stop it. What about UN members  and NATO

Kind of like your hands?
6 year old report told America about that
US power? Why are you thanking Russia for kicking US embassy members out? Doesn't seem very powerful.
Are you so furious inside yourself in general, maybe because of a tyrannic father and unempathic mother that just anyone has to be punished?
Mr. Trump, have U started taking intelligence briefings or just reacting to Fox? This may be true, but it's time to get all points of view.
Maybe @realDonaldTrump 's uncle explained that nuclear is just a massive fireworks show? Just itching to launch the show. Oooohhh, aaaahhhh.
They are miniaturized like Trump's hands and micro-penis.
Fox and Friends please tell the President not to Tweet his foreign policy.

As the North Korea situation reminds us, we will be dealing with the consequences of electing Barack Obama for decades to come!
Better than saying nothing and ignoring it I guess


https://twitter.com/TrumpTrain45Pac/status/895711802532651008 …
He talks out of his ass.  We're toast if he doesn't shut his fat mouth.
TRUMP IS going to get us ALL KILLED. He has no clue what he is doing. Time for someone to Baker Act him.
Oh great, two completely immature, impulsive, incompetent, and severely inferior may bring about nuclear war.
Rescind "Strange" endorsement. He HATES you.
IF RUSSIA WAS GETTING THREATENED LIKE THIS..THEY WOULD PUT NO KOREA ON NOTICE..ONE MORE MISSILE FIRED WILL BE SHOT DOWN WITHIN MINUTES..


Miniaturized like your hands?
Finish him (kim ill)!!! Time to finish what alot of our Grandparents started.  This evil empire has to be stopped. strategic patients is ovr
Scary for the whole world

The Mad President takes the realm by storm tomorrow in S2E3 of @TWPShow. Subscribe now: https://itun.es/i6dS4w4  #TWPS #GoT #GameOfThones 
It only takes one!
Isn't it interesting that conservatives use fear to get votes. They especially like wars and threat of war.Remember the terror codes from GW

Who is leaking this information to the press? Prosecute all leakers?


sounds very much like Saddam's Weapons Of Mass Destruction to me
Made possible through years of appeasement and graft from Clinton - Obama. Chinese missiles and Russian scientists.
Agent Orange is an embarrassment to the United States of America.
This is the intel you CHOOSE to believe?
#AwanBrothers
Imran Awan, Wasserman Schultz's IT aide who was arrested for bank fraud & is under investigation still hasn't trended.

#ThursdayThoughts
Way to leak classified info there chief.
Someone give OSCAR to Kim jong un,,he is the number 1 mad guy in the world.. Go #Donald Trump
Time to show North Korea that United States won't be manipulated by any nation or leader.

