Today's photos of day: #USNavy’s Hurricane #Maria relief ops in #PuertoRico and #Dominica.
 info and  download: http://www.navy.mil/viewPhoto.asp?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=maria … 
Ur Daddy was 8 Days late hun..bless your heart
Who's this
Female Jared Kushner

Am I right?
That's correct
I keep looking at those eyes!

You and your family are criminals.
No thanks to your daddy!! #FakePresident
Amen!
You have a job and it’s not representing the American people! You give no officially paid role in the WH
Yes, thank you San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz!
Maggot
SHARING THIS LINK.!!! JUST CLICK THE LINK, SIGN UP AND GET PAID NO BANK ACCOUNT NEEDED. http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=50682 
Are you kidding me??? How long did it take Daddy to so something esp considering he owes them millions of dollars! SHAME ON YOU!!!!
The amount of time this took, unacceptable. Holy unacceptable. It never occurred to you to tell dad to quit the NFL rants and help people?
No thanks to your traitor dad.
Haa haa haa really???
Yes, thank you to the people doing the work the President should have been doing........again.
Or that the people were US citizens
A little late to the party princess.
Too bad your dad isn't doing his job for them.
By not functioning from the start , your father has created a humanitarian disaster.
Tell your idiot father he should have opened restrictions sooner.
We can't forget the US Virgin Islands who has also been devastated.  These are Americans.
Does Trump know, US Virgin Islands are ours?
Piss off lady, your daddy is letting them die because they can't vote for Presidents. None of you have souls or common decency.
the Trumps are not helping of course
Wow, and it only took a week...
We all like Tiffany more.
That's funny 
Heckuva job - 8 days after Maria made landfall - 14+ days after we knew about it - 2 days after your father learned it was part of the US
Do your research! They have shipment containers upon shipment containers they can't get delivered,,,roads blocked, no drivers@noonegrumpier
Helicopters?
Supplies are going bad! Shipping containers upon shipping containers! No drivers,,roads still blocked
Yes, thank you so much!
Click here to buy the Puerto Rican sandals I wore when my assistant typed this out
Terrible response. Your lap-dance daddy first scolded them for debt issues. Then he had to show how smart he was by saying PR was an island
in a very, very big ocean. You are just as clueless and complicit. You
and your she/he hubby will soon be in jail.
Does your Dad have something against Puerto Rico? His attitude was different than towards FL& TX.  He had to be pressured to respond.
No thanks to your crazy father!  This should have happened a week ago!   Some idiot advisor you are to the old coot. YOU'RE FIRED!
You mangled dizzy-clawed ratsbane
No thank god for using us feeble human beings to do what we are suppose to do
Dear Ivanka talk to your daddy about being the et alien disclosure president that humanity and the galactics needs help humanity with
Healing tech to help with cures to help PTSD to help people walk again limb regrowth tech to help all amputees food materialisation tech
To help the poor the homeless and third world countries

How did Obama react when he found he's married to a man?
Oh, the WH finally noticed that PR has been destroyed. But no electoral college cotes, so no need to rush help. Oh, and they're hispanics!
You and your Dad sure were not much help. RESIGN NOW
Your father didn't know that Puerto Rico Was us territorry. Did you?
Your father was woefully unprepared to deal with this. This is past Bush/Katrina level incompetency. And you remain complicit.
He could have had the military in there clearing airports, establishing communications via Army Engineers like they did in Haiti days ago
The Navy could have been deployed It’s 1000 bed trauma ship, like it was sent to Louisiana.
I’m pretty sure that’s exactly what Hillary Clinton suggested 4 DAYS AGO

President Trump, Sec. Mattis, and DOD should send the Navy, including the USNS Comfort, to Puerto Rico now. These are American citizens. https://twitter.com/samynemir/status/911401368983924736 …
@IvankaTrump like u care. @POTUS certainly doesn't. Only now cause he's getting bad press. Despicable
It never should have taken so long
Wow less then 24 hours, whoops 24 days!
Your whole family is full of it!  #LockThemAllUp #muelleriscoming
I can't stand Fonsi Rachel @maddow @MSNBC
Thank you again Ivanka for your amazing work on behalf of #PuertoRico ! #MAGA
@USNavy should be proud of its soldiers, and leaders, too! In #Nigeria, @DefenceInfoNG troops are send to kill own country unarmed civilians
So many haters.  Too much time on their hands.  They could be helping and not whining.
Some of us have been helping for the past week while Trumps ignored the crisis
@USNavy It only took him EIGHT DAYS!
Yeah, no thanks to your daddy.
@realDonaldTrump @USNavy really, you believe that, your father is a real piece of garbage. He thinks Puerto Rician r garbage.
They couldn’t have done this without your inspiring tweet Ivanka!
They could not have done this work without your inspirational tweet! Your fingers must be exhausted by now. #no rest for the wicked!
WE LOVE IVANKA!!!!
LOVE OUR FLOTUS!
We LOVE JOY!!!
THANK YOU FOR STANDING--President TRUMP!
WE stand with YOU!!!
I will #taketheknee
No one is keeping you here. There are homes for sale in Canada. Buh bye.
Hell has plenty of room, too, Gull....what kind of handle is Gull anyway? Your favorite meal?
I was raised to respect my elders.NannyBarb, however I was also taught not to eat  & lately I give 2 fuks about either! u're an old (UNT!

U don't give a damn about them.
One month on. So, what part have you been playing in this great humanitarian relief effort? Cheerleader? Seriously hope you made a donation?
P
If Daddy didn't have $. He'd be driving a white panel van. Shaking a bag of candy out the window... Saying "Want some candy little girl?"
@grandpooba5440 @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump she’s had a nose job, boob job and cheek bones done! Stupid woman
"I am not able to look the other way, and I will not look the other way" ~@POTUS Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump
Yeah right, "Fill the swamp"!
Oh wow how surprising! Someone who NOBODY wants to hear from is spreading their trolly garbage in Ivanka's replies.. How edgy! Loser.
All I got to do is look @ your feeds & know you eat losing for b-fast, you're a joke.
Great job Mr.President! Unlike Obama who wouldn't cut his golf vacation short at Martha's Vineyard during Louisiana floods
Yeah, the one when George Bush was the President!!
2016 floods
You won't win this. I had family on the ground and coordinated with governor re: flood, FEMA, Obama and Trump butting in for photo opp...
I get it..Trump doing same thing is bad, but Obama is good...How about this doozy?
The date says Aug 19 2014? The day he was killed after being held for 2 yrs. So, should he have been camping on their doorstep?
Guess you never heard..He actually golfed on same day of beheading..dont think you can defend this
WTF were you doing that day? Really? 
I thank all involved in relief, but we need to react faster to events like these delays and poor planning cost lives.
If a quake hit LA or San Francisco would we be ready? I think not. How many lives will we lose due to lack of preperation & planning?
When you and mommy go to PR with daddy, make sure you wear your"Flood Pumps". Dip shits wasting taxpayer money. Leave the WH Iskanka & Jared
Said like you almost care!
Huh.Look at all those Puerto Ricans on my tv this am, BEGGING for help. 

Who to believe...the Trump Admin or my lying eyes?

#TrumpsKatrina
Piss off Kremlin Barbie. Your daddy would still be sitting on his ass had it not been for the pressure of the former presidents.
Thank you for spreading the truth! Frustrating to watch CNN not drive trucks of water in to needy. Instead just bring cameras...
No thanks to your dad. How do you sleep at night?
Praying for Puerto Rico.  
Why can't you make your father be quiet?
As.long as you don't include your father in that sentiment .  Go shopping or something.
Ivanka, hun, your monstrous father isn't one of them.
Thank you and you rock keep it up! @POTUS little do people know what actually goes on.

Finely class and elegance Grace the White House
What you couldn't take time from whatever you do all day, and say something from u. Go back to the hole u lived in.
Thank you to the men and women of the military!
https://www.facebook.com/LaNegritaRubia/posts/1480537228694889 … watch this, partying while “saving” the american citizens that want everything dome for them( mind 700k PR soldiers)
No one voted for you
You forgot to tag @HillaryClinton   Don't worry, I got your back.
Posting pictures is really hard.. Have you actually tried to do something??

GO BACK TO NY, TAKE HUSBAND WITH YOU!
Gasoline and Diesel distribution must be handle by military.  Private entities controlling and giving fuel to places that are not #priority
#WorstPresidentEver
Why aren't YOUR KIDS ON THE GROUND HELPING DONNIE? GREAT STORY. WANNA BET it doesn't happen? @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump
MLB SuperHero @gehrig38 and his @OpBullpen are there right now delivering donated supplies and urgent items!
Thanks for realizing what is important right now!  Maybe you could share with others close to you who don't have a clue
Thank you Ivanka. In Puerto Rico we treasure all the initiaves to help.
Please help share for our baby
You have your dad's ear, TELL him Americans are dying BECAUSE of his inactions, get more Military over there, start airlift spply to interor
How can they just keep ignoring what the AMERICAN PEOPLE OF PUERTO RICO are saying and act as if everything is fine? THEY NEED HELP!!


The relief workers in Puerto Rico could accomplish so much more, except you know, your dad failed. #TrumpsKatrina will live in history books
All services are doing an Outstanding job, thanks to the guidance of Our Great President.
Too little too late.
What the hell are YOU or the other evil spawn doing? Making champaign popsicles?
Tell your father to step up for gods sake
Oh and look at that GDP! America first vs the apology tour and train wreck of the last administration's failure.
Now that daddy was forced by public outcry to help, we need to make it look like we care.
Your daddy and his administration have failed in their response as they have repeatedly failed at everything they have attempted thus far. Typical of this administration-impotent and weak. Sad.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/why-hasnt-ag-jeff-sessions-appointed-2nd-counsel-investigate-hillary-clinton-etc-requested-house-judiciary …
Roll up your sleeves & join in to help, Ivanka!
Your  father had to be shamed into action to help those in Puerto Rico because their skin is the wrong color. Racist Liar-in-Chief!

You support the most horrible person
Have you thought about getting your own claws dirty for a couple of days? Or are you worried that the low pressure will affect your boobs?
Failure- US did  more for Haiti than what u are doing for PR-failure- Embarrassment - Racist Putin puppet
Russia.
While Daddy Dearest plays golf and spends more taxpayer money.
Yeah, because your sorry-ass family did NOTHING!
These heroes don't deserve poor leadership by Trump Klan. It's disrespectful to uniform they wear.
You do a thankless job to Ivanka bringing releif to that parasitic worm of a husband
Donald Trump would rather see Mexicans blacks Latino all died because he is jealous he envies the color Donald Trump is a racist
I made this just for you, @Ivanka Trump : Wake up and smell the coffee, princess!
Did Clinton send out her fake foundation yet? So she can make write offs and laundry money and rip off poor folks like she normally does.
Using the word "amazing" to describe literally everything does not make you sound very profound or deep. Might want to pick up a thesaurus.

No thanks to your daddy
The haters need to seek the Lord 2 find rightous wisdom,knowledge and understanding only then will they b able 2 appreciate Trump's genius
Dear @IvankaTrump,
Please advise your Daddy re the difference 
between "middle of an ocean" and "at the edge" 

#PuertoRicoRelief
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10214066508473829&id=1145486259 …
200 people have died for lack of oxygen in hospitals in Puerto Rico 
Including a former mayor 
Wait for the list
Lies,lies, stop with the lies already you HYPROCITE!  Genocide of the brown! Should be held accountable for murder and starvation!
No thanks to you and your family!
Shut up Ivanka. We know you don't give a fuck. Like father like daughter. You are disgusting.
Great job, US Navy and President Trump! Libs are hateful. Trump gets things done, Obama would still be wondering what to do!
What are you doing @IvankaTrump ???????
And ironically on the same day as Maria you had Mexico in your thoughts... but not the US citizens in PR or on the U.s. virgiN islands...
I hope you aren't including your lazy and irresponsible father in that "thank you." He's too busy spreading racism to do much else.
No one cares what you have to say Ivanka
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #trumpsawhitesupremacist #fucktrump #RacistInChief #WhiteNationalist #BIGOT #TrumpRussiaCollusion
God knows ur father didn't do a damn thing 2 make conditions better
No thanks to the Trump family. Trump has once again proven he is incompetent
To bad your Dad doesn’t like minority’s.. dragging his feet.. go tell him get his butt in gear.. Twitter later!
If you want to do something useful, you n Jared could stop using Personal email! Stop informing Putin stop stealing tax dollars
People died thanks to your dad dragging his feet.period.
@IvankaTrump  and what have you donated? Wrapping yourself in a flag means zip if you've never sacrificed for your fellow countrymen.
Too bad your dad wasn't one of them. #NotMyPresident
3) THAT'S Y THERE'S NOTHING 4 THE EFFECTD CITZ! YUR PRECIOUS OB & HRC'S DEEP STATE, R DE-POPULATING! 4 THEIR 666-NWO ENSLAVEMENT AGENDA!
@IvankaTrump Why don't you get your ass over to PR or is it you have the same dark heart as dad? He rather be golfing this weekend.
Ivanka, even Ivana would not approve of the horrible response to Psr by your Daddy!
learning how to sail a ship without running into anything?
Your dad should pay puerto rico the money he owes them for that bankrupted golf course
Trump is murdering people in Puerto Rico by deliberately not helping
Millions in Puerto Rico REMAIN in dire straitghts.Miniscule dent made: We need Fed Gov 2 massively increase & sustain military & aid NOW.
Saying thank you doesn't help #PuertoRico. Money, workers and relief does.

Why do you two insist on making a rosy pic out of this tragedy? Probably because you've had to cushy of a life! Why aren't u there helping?
The docks are full and clogged. Send in some LST's!

Oh wait. What?
I swear. Puerto Rico is Trump's Auschwitz. There I said it. WHEN will  R's who claim to believe in "NEVER AGAIN" remember what that means?
it is really sad that people can lie so much and still think people believe a word they say, future children will pay for those lies, #SoSad
Why not tell daddy about scientific consensus on #ClimateChange? He can look at (re)insurance markets for smart people evidence.
Not like ur daddy had anythg 2 do wth it. If he cared he wud have sent the help a long x ago so ppl dont starve or die. Thx a bunch
Working-That would be something that people would need to tell you about, because we are sure you haven't tried it yet.#resist!
Are you a President?  Shut up!
Go home.

so fake and insincere
Too bad your daddy isn't one of them.

How do you feel when a family member admits to grabbing women but the pussy? #trumpsexperv

HOURLY RELIEF@realDonaldTrump @fema @GOP @DNC @TuckerCarlson @CNN @TwitterMoments @PBS @McClatchyDC @News24 @katyperry #PuertoRicoRelief 
Shut up and go home
