You've done nothing, nada, diddly to rein in drug prices.  I believe you said it would hurt these hugely profitable companies.  So,why Merck &why now?
So why doesn't gov step in and control what pharma can charge?  DR fees controlled by Medicare. Nobody controls drug companies.
Have you done anything with this or was this a gold toilet rant.
Super mad at the Merck CEO, hunh? HAHAHA What a man child.
When did the Novartis check clear?  Are any companies honest?
The ones that use Essential Consulting? Doubtful.
High drug prices are all on you, not some drug manufacturer. It's within your power to reinstate price caps.
Reschedule cannibis ..#freegodsplant
Pot calling the kettle black on jobs and prices, but the theory is correct

.@realDonaldTrump said one year ago that price-hiking drug companies were “getting away with murder.” Now, he’s nominated Alex Azar, a drug company executive with a history of raising prescription drug prices, to lead …

.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring j...
This tweet on gardasil site...WHY hasn't gov BANNED this vaccine!!!!  It's dangerous. And useless.  Biggest scam EVER!!!!!
Is that a threat? Or do you have your hand out for a bribe?

@Novartis admitted it paid out 1.2 mil to your lawyer, so @Merck was next?

That is how the Mob operates
It's almost like @Merck paid you to promote them 
Or... better yet... CONTROL THEIR PRICES!!!  Government control of drug prices.  I'm tired of going to Canada for rx's!!!!!
Hmmm...go with Novartis. Right Donnie....? 
Distracting from Novartis payoffs?  Going after competitors?
Hey, can you stop pushing and delaying this further? If you can bring pharma prices down i'm sure your approval rating will skyrocket. . #drugspeech #PrescriptionDrugs #BigPharmaJobs #polls #Political #PoliticsToday #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare
Hey this story seems to have gone away... I wonder why??
Or is it that the greatest tax-cut beneficiaries should invest in Merck stock?
Your proposed lower tax rates for corporations guarantee they can stay out of America AND reap HUGE PROFITS. Lower only for mainland based
Fuckers.  Bet they didn't even pony up for Cohen's "consulting".
so you have decided to attack the company since The CEO stepped down because you wouldn't denounce  white supremacy?
The company deserves attacking.  It's been ripping Americans off for decades.
This is just way gluttonous CEO's try to distract under guise of being the martyr nice guy. They don't care about the people, just profits!
Take a step back & realize you need to attack the White Supremacy issue head on - not via a telepromted speech
Your address today was not sincere! You read off a teleprompter after General Kelly told you you had to do so.
If you really care about America, you will do like this man and address ambiguoity these Nazis have
Fact is, the Nazis love you. Your base is made up of Nazis and you know you will lose votes by attacking Nazis!
Remind me again.. How many KKK members are there in America?
So that's like what, 5 maybe 6 thousand?
@POTUS @GOP @SenateDems @CNN @AP @ABC @FoxNews But it was OK as long as they were on UR council huh? U attack him but not KKK/Nazi's. Why?
You are the height of hypocrisy. Bring your junk home to be manufacturing here and not by your good friends in China. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Call out all pharm cos for drug prices. Reg how high they can make prices, allow govt to negotiate prices, & allow importation from Canada.
Why weren't you saying this before he left your council?
Hurry to Manhattan a parade is waiting for you outside the tower #resisttrump
https://practicalpoliticking.com/2017/07/03/americas-healthcare-conundrum/amp/ …
What about you and your family doing what you advocate
What is public Law 10-2571? Drug companies paid Obama 4.5 million$ for Law 10-2571

My chemotherapy drugs cost over $25,000.00 per month..
3. You leave us wondering where you stand. With white supremacists or with true Americans? US has always been diverse. Nazi way is supremacy
Won't happen as you fight to dismantle HC. Why act like you care if any of the 99% live anyways? Action prove otherwise.
Why would this only bother you and be an issue AFTER their CEO quit your council?
Don't talk about other businesses taking jobs from the US. All your products are made over seas. You are a liar and a hypocrite.
Hopefully Merck employees will consider taking you to court in a free country where you have to prove these repeated allegations Don!
Donnie....its over buddy.
Good old Donald yelling at the black guy.
If u only had that speedy courage to denounce #NeoNazis #KKK N H8FULL #Bigots and #racists in ur base, but we know u love them
So, republicans fix it!  Don't all of you have enough money?  Your party has control of all 3 branches, GET IT DONE  Stop talking and do it
So do something about it. Have a plan to fix our healthcare and bring down prices for drugs and services. We pay more than any other nation
So when are you Mr Trump going to bring your company jobs back to the US?
Drug Companies are pricing seniors out of their meds , must choose between roof & food or Doctor & Medications?? #sad #greed
How about YOU bring jobs back.  ALL your manufacturing is over seas and unlike @Merck, you dont save lives.
Shame on this President...sad!
How shallow of the CEO's. They quit instead of staying and being heard
Does gu type to t
When are you bringing your manufacturing to the US?
Deuteronomy 31:6
Be strong and of good courage, do not #fear nor be afraid of them; for the #Lord your #God, He is [1/2]
Romans 12:14
#Bless those who persecute you; bless and do not #curse.
Still waiting for you to do something
I agree!
No diss for Intel and Under Armour CEOs dumping your manufacturing sandbox? Oh, that's right - they're the "right color".
The money's not in the cure, Trump. Twist their arms for fuc%#$g our sick.
Healthy move
Don't get salty because he bailed on your little club
This tweet is so damn childish!!!
And you're still wrong opposing civil and human rights for those who are not white.
You can fool some of the people all of the time & all the people some of the time, but you can not fool all the people all of the time!
You now fool very few people. Personal attacks on individuals who disagree with you disgrace the nation & the presidency! Shame on you!
Why didn't lotus think about Merk CEO before he asked him to sit on the council?
Lies, they're actually one of the lowest In purpose!
Quit flapping your gums and force them to lower their prices. Regulate you dufus!
Worst Pissident Ever.
I can not argue w the higher prices part but trying to mitigate/mediate this on Twitter is not appropriate, once again.
good for him. Working for U is toxic for the reputation.Not everyone is willing to lie for you.
Whiney baby president. Be a leader. Aw forget it. You're not capable of that.
Then why did you name Merck's CEO to your manufacturing council? Please explain. Would be a great topic to address at a press conference.
Obama forced change of propellent for asthma inhaler, raised the price from $5 to $45. New patent for change. Sheesh.
Truly unfortunate that your knowledge of issues is overshadowed by your need to be vindictive. Real progress will come when you can let go.
BIG PHARMA ARE A MONOPOLY. TIME TO BREAK THE MONOPOLY. HAVE THE GOVERNMENT NEGOTIATE PRICES LIKE A FREE MARKET. PHARMA RIPPING OFF TAXPAYERS
Bring those ties back anytime. Mfg in New Hampshire.
You're a vindictive mean man - you expect people to #loyalup but if people challenge you, you are not #loyaldown. You are petty and small!
So it's only an issue when it affects u personally is what you're saying. Gotcha- saw nothing like this before they rightfully embarrassed u
See how fast you react to people you dont agree with?Any Decent Person would've done same after White Supremacist Base terrorism attack!
@realDonaldTrump ok, so do it. You've identified a problem so now fix it! You won't because you're not capable. #worstPOTUSever
Boohoo you got your feelings hurt.
Mr president your remarks demonstrate your developmental areested development of an adolescence.  Your inability to accept criticismis proof
You were supposed to be working on all pharma pricing your hold out on white supremacy is killing this country shame
@realDonaldTrump True. Force them to release CURES instead of TREATMENTS! I know the Left will call it treason, though
Thank you for fighting so hard for the American people, we love you!
The negative comments I get from a positive tweet will be very telling, pay attention America #AmericaFirst #MAGA
You don't speak for me.
Not to mention that they are a leader in the opiod crisis
No president of the United States can revive Hitler
Hello? Universal single payer is the answer. Do you have the strength & courage to bring the US forward?
We stand for president Trump we also believe God has given the world a man who cares not only for the USA but also the entire world.
COWARD!
Where's your daughter manufacturing his dress I us or China? Stop lying
trump wins top honors from the killer kkk
US jobs like the ones which make your products and your daughter's stolen designs? Only if the US is now in China. MAGA-resign.
Just replace the CEOs who left with other CEOs and do it quickly
and how many of your products Don and daughters are made in USA? None that's how many, hypocrite!
Start with your companies & Ivanka's , we can manufacture here
The GOP must act or the party will be forever fascist to us. I am sick
Why no tweets and bullying for the 2 white CEO'S. Are you SCARED more will leave due to bullying or your incompetent leadership. Do tell
You work with Congress, on behalf of the American people, to help lower drug costs. Maybe look into some of the Democrats proposals on this?

You attacked the CEO of Merck for standing up to you before you attacked and condemned white supremacy.
You just don't get it, do you?
Wow. President attacking specific corporation out of spite? Impeachment.
Don't  you know corps won't voluntarily lower prices unless forced to. All other major countries reg prices & they pay a fraction what we do
Interesting this wasn't an issue until he called out racism. . .
You bigotry is showing.
Schoolyard bully. Doesn't get his way so he's pouting!
Once again you have shown how quick you are to attack minorities but the supremacist groups get a 3 to 4 day grace period.
Make pharma pay for health insurance- problem solved
And apparently White Supremacy!
I guess he wuit because he doesn't care about the real problem high prices and American jobs
But when he was on your council all of that was okay, right? 
Omg. How badly you suck. He quits due to your sucking and all you do is tweet attacks. Grow a pair Donny, or did they get cut off?
@Merck wasn't an issue before when they were ur buddies now they separate themselves from you & horrible company right? Bruised ego much?
My first thought was they wouldn't be able to continue practises if they have to deal honestly with you! #MAGA
Something just doesn't seem right about punishing people who are already down can anything be done to fix it we don't tst elected officials
Im not telling you how to do your job just telling you what i see down here watching the public and lived like in my 20s its discouraging
I was always the hardest worker at the wrong places because those places didn't test then i got my cdl and finally got on track
And thats just me my friend had a roommate start smoking crack because he could pass a test faster than weed that's insane to me not to him
You jumped to bully & attack Merck CEO but not the white CEO's who left. You attack a man for his convictions but not alt right for theirs.
Says the guy that charges thousands to stay in his hotel.
Always looking out for American people!
Why don't YOU bring TRUMP products to the US? Hypocrite.
Donald is scum as are those who support
Why should a GERMAN Pharma leader should bring more jobs to US If U start US First they start Germany first, Made in Germany is Quality!
Big donnie wins again.
You tout #pure #allegiance and #dedication to the #USconstitution all  the while #shatting upon it's #values and #principles. #SAD #StepDown
Fire that CEO he's anti American!
Denunziant 
shame on you
pretending to go after big pharma to avoid addressing his stance on domestic terrorism known as White Supremacy mainly the KKK.
I have a Merck card in which they pay 75% of my eye drops for glaucoma. Thank you @Merck
Pharma is the leader of our current opioid epidemic. You're Merck man quit after you signed the bill for emergency. HELLO? Anybody home?
I say forget Merck, check out @DelcathSystems if you want the top tier in liver cancer treatment and innovation
Yo
I thought he was a business genius. Did he hurt Donnie Two Scoop's widdle feelers?

You are pathetic, can't hold @BarackObama 's jockstrap
Still unable to acknowledge you failure of leadership #NaziBigot
You're the president. Don't kvetch like this is somebody else's job. Do some work for a change.
Don't be using those fancy Jew words on him, globalist.
Liar. Merck hasn't taken jobs..& our Congress made it illegal to negotiate prices w/Big Pharma. #CHANGETHELAW
You thought he was great when you thought he was on "your" side. Twerp.
Why did you put him on the council if he was ill suited in your opinion? You are once again proving your not up for this job. RESIGN
?
Yo
I have a question Mr.Pres.Trump are Trans people gay?
Some people can't afford their meds and are doing w/o for being overcharged.
You are #NotMyPresident and Mr. Frazier has more class than you ever will. Please lead by his example.
Your ill trump! U should be on big pharma's side. God knows, u certainly depend on the little blue pill.
Won't it be ironic when Merck develops a cure for thin skin?
Idiot
Nice to get a chance to rip into another Black Man.. huh Donnie?
I noticed you waited until he quit to attack him–and that you didn't attack the other two *white* guys who quit. Racist much, sir?
What are you gonna do about it #45
Where is all the stuff you make made again? Hell even in the U.S. you apply for foreign workers. U do realize that u make no sense at all?
Let Americans buy our drugs in countries that sell them cheaper! About time we get free market prices vs our non negotiated price! Unfair!
At this point, your attacks are endorsements.
#DumpTrump and do it now
Can't something be done to punish them? I will not use BIG PHARMA drugs even if I have to die. I use all natural and as healthy as a horse.
Would you have attacked the CEO of Merck had he been white? #HateEnablerTrump #RememberCharlottesville
I thought your campaign promise was to lower drug prices. TrumpCare did none of that. Attacking people who don't support racists is wrong.
Merck is what you say and you are only calling them out because they are withdrawing suppprt of your business council.
Let's see your actual plan for that.
Why is there a full stop at the start of this tweet.
#AnotherTrumpLie
Can't wait to see what the history books say about you #failedPresident
REMOVE Big Pharma ads from TV, mags, etc...treat like tobacco, too many self diagnose at pure suggestion of ads, yep, sheepeople.
#legalizemarijuana and #BigPharma will have to bend. This makes too much sense though so...
You know how you can lower drug prices? REGULATIONS.
