@POTUS Was RIGHT AGAIN! Thsts why he is our President.
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!...
Yes but it's needed!
Obama and Hillary "Killary" need to be in jail #therealcriminals
#PresidentHatch. #Impeach45
Yeah
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
President Trump, appoint a new FBI Director and have him investigate all the leaks, then prosecute all of them to the maximum.
the White House has to be bugged and it's probably the reason that Obama is now living so close to the White House BUGGED
Unmask them all. Treason indefensible
cue phantom of the opera theme music
Well you know what you got to do...Start arresting them, I will come out of retirement for you, I have plenty of Cuffs....
Oh it's good, Donny. It's very, very good.
YOU , YOUR CAMPAIGN, THE RUSSIANS, AND CROOKED FRIENDS ARE GOING TO SURFACE ON TOP OF THE HEAP OF COLLUSION
I only liked this because it made me laugh so freaking hard!!!

....YOU WORK FOR US. REMEMBER THAT. #WeThePeople
It's kind of our job to investigate/unmask Russian/Enemy of the US sympathizers in our gov't. They owe it to the people. Remember....
Impeach and Imprision#45
They closing in on you huh? #russia
Sounds good to me
Time for an independent investigator to look into your treasonous ways
For once we agree. Not good. Sorta sums up your whole presidency thus far. #swampthing
@JPY_Kurdish Why did FBI grand jury just issue subpoenas to Gen Flynn associates?
Well Mr. Fix It, complaints will get you no where.
Susan Rice is honorable.. So glad she declined to testify for the GOP dog and pony show. Yates raked you over the coals.
Maybe because they should be in jail. Consider this a reprieve

You are likely guilty of treason, it will come out, you will be convicted and then hung by the neck until dead
I ttt#nk
Not good for you...trying to hide something???
What's secret of transition people? Nothing. That's what. Shut up
Not good for you. But "great for America"
Exposing traitors is always a good thing Traitor 45.
Fire Jared Kushner
It will be interesting to find out what you're hiding.
New French President was elected by popular vote; you failed that basic democratic test.
Your NEVER going to unmask US citizens right? Even if it's for national security concerns since frankly your one big nat'l security threat
@realDonaldTrump For you...  Don't worry Donny. Keep pushing your agenda of lies and deceit. Eventually, you'll have a civil war in the US!
Odd how you didn't use: bad, fake or hoax.  Just "not good".  Victims of mesmerists tend to be extra angry at people who are "not good" .
You're not good. Let's get rid of you. Then worry about S Rice. Sounds like a plan.
#resist #TrumpRussia #draintheswamp
We would not no about all your problems if it was not for the leaks #crimal
Not good for YOU #presidentdumbass
It seems that the entire Obama administration was plying fast and loose with the law.
liar

Allegations of russian collusion trump team. Much more dangerous to the safety of the american people. You did say safety is #1.
starting to sweat now that the facts are catching up to your corruption. Thinking of relocating to Russia?
Compromised by the Russians not good.
He was only fired after the leaks! I say give the leaker a citizenship award! Get your heads out your butts
Come on GOP if it wasn't for the leaksFlynn would still be in the position of National Security Advisor. He was only fired after the leaks!
you mean yoyr false allegations! Lol
It's great when treason is uncovered whether you like it or not.
Rob, get a life
what's not good is that they're investigating you. You are a disgrace to this nation
You are no good as President of US.
What are you doing about it? Where is justice? Why is the law selectively applied?
Fortunately, you look good in orange. Your prison jumpsuit will match your bloated face.
Not good for traitors!
Shut up!
We are coming for you Trump! When we have control, you'll be impeached!
What's wrong with exposing criminal or traitorous activity?
They are coming for you. Lock him up!,
Rice is a crook
Yes it is...you all lie, you all new including pence. We are not that stupid.
U r a embosol
No, it's very good!
unmasking is legal. if ur team wasn't so shady, then u wouldn't have show up talking to America's enemies.
Still waiting for the swamp to drain...very deep.
They are traitors
Scared?
We must get this criminal, Susan Rice, on trial!
Not good for you.  Great for the American people
You mean you're scared shitless!
Democratic leadership does NOT represent hardworking American, tax paying citizens!  Socialism only creates black market for Toilet paper.
https://soundcloud.com/rakxsdaily/purple-forest-snippet …
Not good for #POTUS , I can understand that.
Then fire her. Arrest her. And send her to prison for treason. EVERYBODY should be answerable to the law & our President! NO EXCEPTIONS!~
Ok, so...1) she doesn't work for Trump 2) this isn't The Apprentice 3) she didn't break any law.
They, like you, are corrupt
Fake
No problem! Rice will just be subpoenaed. So will Lynch. 
@dailykos
Yeah not good for you and your minions.
Rice is a liar and she should be indicted by a grand jury, we think Obama is involved.
And you won't release your tax returns......
Scambag....
They will catch y'all soon, but not soon enough. #resist #fucker #FakePresident #PutinsCOCKholster
Why because you all go to jail? Can't wait you traitor you're at the top of the list
sir when america is going to attack on pakistan terror country.
Allegations Sensations Money rotations Notions All theses Years Little motion While OUR Nation DIES TIES LIES . We Gave them To Many tries
I Have SEEN The Blame Game For Years Good Americans  Drown in tears The Bad Glad SAD WE Must come together Keep unite With Delight New Sight
sir if you are reading this, just take my advice, i,m sure all the Anericans will accept all the your policies just try me
Buckle up buttercup they will be picking you up soon.
You're not good.
What about Russia
Not good for you? Unmask sleeping with the enemy



Not good at all!
Buncha impotent whiners. #MAGA
Not good for you and your admin, great for America.
l know but l ami sûre that y ou are so kind
You need to leave. What goes on in that sick mind of yours? You are hell bent on destroying this country.
Unmasking Trump collusion with Russia; adversary to the United States. You're going to be impeached, removed from office and die in prison!!
are you still talking about this non story? of course. bc they are getting close to a treason case. you & putin v USA. GET READY.
How dare we reveal unpatriotic @$$holes. We should just let dirty secrets lie. #WrongPriorities
Yea there is proof of this crime.  Yet on the Russian story Dems scream about their is zero evidence!

Mt. Rushmore 2.0 
(Trump addition)
  

…
For once I wish you had a clue as to what you're talking about. Just let the adults talk.
So now I can just refuse to testify in court if called upon to? Good to know.
Not good for whom? Afraid your name will be front and center? Oh, how 70 million people wish!
...and Susan Rice can't get away with it! Go after her!!
2 grand jury's , warrents issued, yup, unmasking your TREASON
none of this is good for you and your cabinet of traitors.
Oh, VERY good
Unmasking is legal knucklehead
Rubi...bot. following 14 and zero followers
Your are referring to yourself in the 3rd person now? Finish the rest of the story with your Alternative Facts.
Sally Yates IS testifying next week. GREAT!
Truthful allsgations I think you ment to say.
Your going down.. down...down!!!'n
And Senators, Congressmen & Women, Supreme Court Justices, Federal Judges, just about anyone he could try to manipulate and destroy. Rice&O
Arrest her!! I am sick of these globalist breaking laws with no repercussions!!
Why is transition team a secret in the 1st place, must be some bad intentions involved or just plain
breaking the law, think like TREASON !
you NEED to be unmasked. Your whole corrupt, vile, & vulgar crew need to GO. WORST PRESIDENT EVER!!
Which part isn't good, the fact that puppet Trump transition officials need unmasking? Yes, I agree. Absolutely abhorrent.
Wrong.  Good!
your team is corrupt. Your allegations turned out to be lies.
You refusing to hand over documents related to #flynnghazi & ur #TrumpTaxReturns ,Not good! #Trumprussia #TrumpColluded #TrumpTreason
Archie Bunker 
FU
