RT @foxandfriends: Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds, plus give them access to city ser...
Well then take away the Federal Funds Chicago receives. This is what a good parent does when a child will not listen! No fights just do it!
Democrats should be arrest for not following our laws and constitution. They act like hookers for votes.
So thn fricken Chicago s NOT collecting taxes from these illegals either, thus flipping t bill at t rest of us 2 fund their new organization
If Chicago hides illegals Someone needs to go to jail lawlessness is not acceptable
Does federal law not over ride state law on everything?
@realDonaldTrump Chicago mayor is evil
@realDonaldTrump            What do we will get from Chicago? Is not the Great city it was. Sadly.
The mayor of chicago and anyone else that were involved with this corrupt program should be arrested immediately and fired from their jobs
@DarLovesAmerica cut the money to these cities. Sick of paying for these people to be here.
That SOB is so crooked. Needs to join the numbers that get shot everyday.
So how does "Dead-Fish" not get raided, cuffed, perp-walked, and thrown in Federal Pen for this???? And any others involved too??
Idiots
Wow. Isn't this a form of treason?
This is criminal Chicago can't help its own American citizens but will give money & resources to illegals immigrants. America first
Good for them any terror attack they should suffer it.
So should Feds have MORE control over locals, or LESS? Or is "states' rights" just something Reps argue when the truth is embarrassing?
Are these people for real?  This is our country and illegal aliens are not wanted here!  Come in the right way or stay out!
@realDonaldTrump MINIMUM WAGE 4 ALL POLITICIANS. SET TERM LIMITS. FORCE POLITICIANS TO USE HEALTHCARE THEY PASS FOR AMERICANS
Awful!  Thanks for reporting this.  This mayor doesn't love illegals so much.  Who is benefiting?  What's behind this?
Why
Ah yes. How DARE they document undocumented immigrants.
Jail for officials breaking the law
And we don't need voter ID, correct?
Time for the feds to raid Chicago
So wrong!  Who's team is the Fed on?
Good now the next time a person who is not supposed to be here kills someone prosecute mayor for murder as accomplice
WTF kinda shit is this?? A city protecting "ILLEGAL'S" the Feds need to go after and arrest the Mayor and Govenor
You only hate Chicago bc of Pres Obama. You're so transparent. And ridiculous.
Really kick them out
Why are illegal immigrants allowed to receive welfare and other freebies on our tax dollars?????  This is beyond any imagination!!!!!
Loving this non-FAKE NEWS @realDonaldTrump. Can you dig it? I know I can. Anything to thwart bigoted, ignorant, asinine ppl like you.
Wow..care more about illegals in Chicago then the american-born citizens something is definitely wrong w/that pic.Its abt money 4 the mayor
Anyone with a San Francisco City ID is allowed to squat on the Mayor's property if he can't feed you he is ready to give you a 1000 $$
This is just an invitation from Hollywood and Bill Maher he is throwing a party for illegal immigrants and offering money and food
This is the best thing for the whole world start entering the US legally and squat on Democrats property then you will see the hypocrite act
This is IS IS within the United States I personally feel the US should be more concerned what is going on within the country rather than
Bomb Syria use that money to send these people to the countries where they belong and jail the judges
Oh great meanwhile I cant find a job i am over 50 i live in a tent out in the national forst. Illgals get their ass kissed.
Why would they add more problems to their disaster of a city. That is irresponsible and illegal.
So how will they hide their identification from the federal government? I'd like to know so I  too won't have to pay income taxes! #Defund
The wall is cheaper than supporting all these illegal people
Personally I think everyone that lives in Chicago that is a decent human being to get the hell out of there
Look at the governors of Illinois they've all been convicted if the politicians are crooked so is the system
You're saying that this helps with criminal gangs well I'm sorry it doesn't
Ah sounds like Chicago I'm glad I don't live there anymore why hide them make them legal
This is disgraceful! American against Americans! This is the work of Obama, Soros, Clinton's and God knows who!
Law breaking officials should step down.
god cried a tear for usa today
Good. Anything to keep them safe from your SS squads.
@POTUS Why is Rahm Emanuel not in jail for aiding and abetting criminals?
He needs to be in prison if he hides illegals period!!
Doesn't matter they still can be deported. Feds have the control. It's not local government control
They need to.have every last penny held from them and some even arrested if they hide or protect criminal law breaking imergrents
Already agreeing to the bathroom law?? Now this? How perverted.
Just because you have an ID doesn't change the fact of the crime. There is no permission. Its arbitration. No real law.
This is lousy. Harboring illegals. Knowing the problems they cause. It's the white ones that want undermine this country
How can this purposeful breaking Federal law, be ignored,? how can elected officials openly admitt to breaking laws not be arrested?
Prosecute city leaders NOW!!! Sick of these criminals. If they break the law procecute them like the criminals they are. Starting with Obama
Wrong in every way!!!  Punishment needed!
Then wat would happen if these illegals want to run around in another state.  #ICE
THIS IS WHY CHICAGO HAS A HIGH CRIME CAUSE THE LEADER DONT CARE ABOUT THE LAW CHARGES SHOULD BE FILED AGAIN THE MAYOR
Wtf ... Traitors to America !!
If they violate their official oath arrest them. Simple. These people took an oath to support the constitution.
That's why Mexico doesn't have an Olympic Team, everyone who can run, jump or swim is already in America
Free and guaranteed votes for the party of Dailey. The Pharaoh Dynasty lives on. Now the illegals can be their slaves cradle to grave. Smh
It's illegal to hire illegal aliens! Why aren't people that do it charged with crimes. US CODE 8 Section 1324a
CITIES like this 1 make me SICK & 4 people 2THINK this IS a good THING needs 2REMEMBER the NEXT PERSON MURDERED, may BE 1 of THEIR FAMILY
Why don't you give your job up to a illegal immigrant. Then let's see how you feel about hiding them from the Feds!!!
Ice agents need to go into those cities and round them up for deportation .
ISNT THAT BREAKING THE LAW AIDING AND ABEDING ILLEGALS AGAINST A PRESIDENTS EXECUTIVE ORDERS !
That doesn't surprise me look what/who has come out of Chicago recently.............what a joke!
THE BLACKS AND AMERICAN SPANISH ARE GETTING SCREWED THEY GREW UP IN CHICAGO GET ZERO FROM RAHM IMPEACH THE MIDJET NAPOLEONIC TYRANT WAKE UP
Dancing in the streets? Up to 1k shoot!
The governor is the most corrupt , hope Chicago peoe@wake@up soon enogh
That's the way the cities are, an excellent template for how the Nation should welcome refugees.
Louisville, KY mayor does same thing: hides illegals! City in crisis! @DHSgov @ICEgov @wwwCISorg @NumbersUSA
Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds, plus give them access to city services 
this is aiding and betting those elected should be charge  ? why are you not sending federal agents to arrest and at least charge ?
Darwin was right.
Illinois taxpayers are happy they can help, neighborhoods where killings happen daily are also happy to help. Thanks mayor for funding this
All I have to say is ...bloody IDIOTS!!! 
Go Fisco
Joke, right?
Fantastic! That's why I love Chicago! Sorry not everyone can be a sycophant #Trump, some people actually care about humans objectively. FU!
Politicians running these states need to be put away.
Put our officials in jail what does the Chicago community think? Not fair, take hard to find jobs/benefits  bring in drugs to harm children
now Chicago will have a hightttttttttttttttt crime and more and more let them in the FANGO
crazy
The city is not part of the plan for our USA restoration... Lawless motives and rogue attitudes do not support our country
Disgusting
Insane.
And I cant even get 1 decent, law abiding man, who served 12 yrs in Brit AirForce in usa, to stay 4 a while without huge amounts of red tape
O.O wtf??!!   I swear I never even HEARD of sanctuary cities till u bcame pres. ! Always wondered how so many people got into this country
When is trump sending his own illegal wife back lol
I say forget the wall and shoot at the illegals that cross our boarders. It will save money and the illegals will be scared to cross.
End all Federal funding to sanctuary cities while removing & jailing all officials who are not upholding the Constitution or rule of law
Send all the illegals to Chicago and let them deal with it then.
Great choice, highest murder rate.Mexico might not look so bad
Mr President, What about Visas for Poland citizens? Why we still have Visas?
Hey why doesn't Chicago become a sanctuary city for Americans.I guess the illegals mean more to them.than their OWN people way togo shitcago
Your states are even going against you.
Bravo for Chicago, it's not the up to the State or City to do the work for the federal government
Emanuel has to go, he should be arrested for manipulating the law and harboring felon illegal immigrants!
Secure Fund Act of 2006. No agreement to a budget with its funding. That will give us 700 miles. Make it happen, POTUS!
These people who does this should in cell, the isis are moving through the drug dealer.  I feel for good people.
Arrest Rob Emanual, for harbouring illegals.
Why don't we just arrest the mayor & others who enforce this illegal sanctuary city stuff?They're breaking the law. Doesn't involve funding.
Build a wall around the States, and cut the money off.
And the people of Chicago are OK with this, or did they already leave for Ohio...or Michigan, anywhere but Chicago! Illegals=Dem votes
And yet they fight over Voter ID.
Impeach them with a Recall...
# that's IILE GAL
If they truly want to get here, they will find a way. Whether they swim,climb,tunnel, or fly. These people are desperate for a better life!
In this video, it shows people scaling the wall, very easily. 
So, HOW will this #boarderwall keep these "bad" people out?
I love Trump retweeted a video of people clearly climbing over a wall.
lawmakers breakn LAWS/judges blocking order- LOCK em UP its ovr reach! POTUS has authority 2B governed ONLY by congress shld judges ruleUSA?
They need to be punished for breaking the law -fine/jail the mayors -chief of police who ever disregards the rule of law!!!!!
Chicago is a very corrupt city and that includes all the government officials there....very sad!
Why doesn't this Israeli dual citizen do that for Israel?  They have a Jews only immigration Policy that Rahm Emanuel supports fully  ...
Chicago needs to have another fire
Like Chicago doesn't have enough crime and murder they need all the help they can get, what's next is the Mayor going to hand out free guns!
Good for you Chicago! Thanks for being a loving city!
What happened 2 USA? President is no longer allowed 2make decisions, Americans do not have rights, Christians R under attack, no free speech
you retweet something that SHOWS how easy it is to climb your stupid expensive wall!?? #stopthewall #notapresident
@realDonaldTrump So over this disregard for public safety ! #defundsanctuarycities
New Haven, CT, has had them for years
That's fuck up gotta get rid of the oppositions they just want the illegals votes smh Americans 1st @realDonaldTrump
Tell the @FBI DO THEIR JOB & arrest the state officials on spot for admitting guilt in aiding a criminal! That's what this is! #AboveTheLaw
So Chicago state reps can openly "aid and abet " criminals, but if an American is caught hiding a criminal they go to jail? #AboveLawDems
If u guys don't trust the government on documentation on immigration so why should I trust them with gun legislation?
Stop all funding let them pay for it out of their own pockets.
Novel idea here...Why not first give jobs to Legal Americans first? Really, gotta love that 'well to do' liberals can give jobs to illegals.
@charbship can we build a wall around Chicago to keep them in?
And more propaganda from Fox.
BUILD A WALL AROUND CHICAGO! preferably with obama inside
Blacks in CHICAGO GET NOTHING ITS ALL ABOUT ILLEGAL ALIENS FOR RAHM SCREW CHICAGOS AMERICAN BLACK AND SPANISH PPL THEY ZIP KEEP VOTING RAHM
Federal judge blocked Trump order trying to defund sanctuary cities! Trump learning that there r checks on his goofy  abuse of power!
R they stupid
Good.  They may not have papers, but as a group they are law-abiding, tax-paying and contributing to the American economy. We need reform.
NO wall!  I knew you werent going to get  MX to pay for it. Youre SAD!
These godless law breaking meatheads belong in prison '! Build the Wall, kick out the criminal illegal aliens now !
@realDonaldTrump -- Q invented a Mejican sniffer. It will be mass produced by May so they can all go back for the harvesting season. #SMART
They do this for illegals, but disregard their own citizens safety.
Chicago is such a beautiful city! It deserves to have honest politicians! Drain the Swamp in Chicago too!
Why do these city leaders want to destroy America?
@realDonaldTrump
Sanctuary Cities is just another name for HARBOURING CRIMINALS. That's called breaking Federal Law and punishable.
they should jail these guys
Somebody must go to Jail....The people call for HIllary 1st then Emanual.
they need more than jail in my opinion. They need to be beaten to within an inch of their lives perhaps (lool) Enough is enough
AND BE SURE TO ADD ONE COUNT FOR EACH AND EVERY REFUGEE THEY HIDE!~
SEND THEM 2 JAIL 4 SEDITION & TREASON! END OF PROBLEM IF THEY KNOW THEY GO 2 JAIL 4 DOING IT!
@spadeparis
@Dab7One Just arrest Rahm Emanuel and appoint a leader who wants to help citizens of Chicago. He's trying to break law.
This is so wrong for America.  The mayors of Sanctuary cities are billionaires who could care less for the US.
So why have we not defunded them or done any thing
@realDonaldTrump    How ridiculous. Cut off their Federal funds.
Well it's Fox News so, #fakenews.
