45 apparently the Most hated @potus ever
"Cryin' Chuck Schumer"? Fuck you, you pathetic, orange-tinted, silver-spooned, moronic manchild. #ImpeachTrumpNow
You're going to crying in a prison uniform soon! Comey has NOTHING to lose & WILL SPILL IT ALL! You cut your own throats this time!
@SenSchumer is a #patriot and is RIGHT that without a #SpecialProsecutor and #IndependentInvestigation this looks like a #Coverup #IMPEACH

You da man cool guy
Shut your bitch ass up all you do is cry like a goddam baby 
This whole Comey thing smells like someone stepped in a pile of stinky trump. #TrumpRussia #maga #resist
You are delivering excellent material for a movie here, Cheeto. One could say it's a shame you will be impeached so soon.
I'm honestly surprised you were able to use the word "indignant" properly. Clearly you didn't go to Trump University.
So sorry you are so insecure...
WE cannot wait to see you crying your orange face off, NIXON, when they haul you off to jail- Nah, U R Worse then NIXON! Traitor!
Such a pathetic attempt to deal with your obvious guilt.  I hope they mistakenly put you in general population when you are in prison.
You're a fraud and completely #corrupt. #ImpeachNow #russiagate #SpecialProsecutor
Who are you meeting tomorrow? #Trumprussia #TrumpFiresComey #TheResistance
TRUMP, TRUMP, TRUMP!!! MAGA!!!
STOP embarrassing the United States!  You sound like a five-year old.  Plus guilty.  #Impeach
Apparently the swamp is just people that Donald Trump doesn't like.
Schumer has been joined by several Republicans (Flake, McCain, etc) in criticizing Comey's firing
Here's sitting Republican Senator Jeff Flake
I've spent the last several hours trying to find an acceptable rationale for the timing of Comey's firing. I just can't do it.
#COMEY
#IndependentInvestigation
#SaturdayNightMassacre 
#trumprussia
#Resist
#TheResistance
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
https://twitter.com/i/moments/862119739971317760 …
Kushner family promotes business in China? E Trump brags about access to Russian money? Pres Trump won't release tax returns? #LockTrumpUp
The Liar in Chief tweeting like the FOOL he is #orangebaboon
YOU ARE UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION & we will NOT let this just go away #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
You're a pathetic example of a President. I regret voting for you. Let's start the impeachment process. You're out of control!!! 
he was a pathetic excuse for a presidential candidate but you still voted for him but now you're mad?
Yes. I can admit when I make mistakes.
Thank you for your integrity sir.
No, thank you for your comment.
Thank you Javier, always a pleasure to meet a level headed American who understands the gravity of this situation.....
Thank you for the nice comment.
Yeah, we can't wait til ur impeached
drain the swamp? You are flooding the damn swamp with all your new officials!
And I do not have any confidence in the so-called President of the United States.  Time for him to step down by reason of inability to lead.
Sure just make up a few derogatory nicknames to take the edge off the rampant corruption, Deadbeat Don. #fakepotus
#comeyfired
#comeyfired #russiagate
#hillary @HillaryClinton #MadamePresident45
#worldwar3 #WW3 #WW3Countdown
#moron #unpatriotic
#realfeelings #melania @FLOTUS
@BarackObama #President44 #BestPresidentEVER! #TrumpCantCompare

You're in trouble & in panic mode. Firing Comey was an epic mistake.
#TrumpRussia
#Impeach45
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
THANK YOU @POTUS  #drainingtheswamp  THANK YOU @POTUS #drainingtheswamp THANK YOU @POTUS  #drainingtheswamp THANK YOU @POTUS  #draintheswamp
By firing Comey, it proves you are hiding a lot. We know you are in Peyton's pocket...it's just a Mayer of time til we find out how deeply.
I fear my govt, my president and the future
You have no class. You are an embarrassment to yourself and to our country.
You're Next


What a beautiful sight! Those two behind bars! Can't wait for that day! #MAGA
You praised Comey to the skies for the letter that won the election, and now fire him when he's investigating you. You are the swamp.
No one is talking about Americans being unmasked up 400% from 2013 to 2016 under Obama.   Hmmm
Stop the name-calling and try to develop some class
LOL you are saying that Chuckie is class?  I love Trump!
which aspect of #draintheswamp do your fans love most? #GoldmanSachs controlling the money or #ExxonMobil as head of state?
Congrats on your 250 tweet! https://favstar.fm/t/862162008623513600 …

https://twitter.com/kim/status/862162008623513600 …
ONLY WAY TO DRAIN THE SWAMP IS TO RID OF YOU!!!
Yeah, Donald trump keep being you, finally honesty in the gov!
Schumer is perfect example why congress needs term limits, Schumer does not do whats best for America, Schumer does what makes him feel good on taxpayers time and money,  (( work against Trump, bash Trump 24-7 ))
you were quoted by @ABC
You can't drain a swamp into a much larger and swampier swamp. Drains don't work that way.
You make decisions very rapidly. Like you're rushing into it. Or "Russian" into it.
You can't fire everyone, although you should fire your barber and the service that tans that hide you call a skin.
For someone who has a darker Orange hide than Hulk Hogan, it's so simple to get under your skin.
Do you need both of your tiny hands to hold a single Diet Coke?
You're a disgrace to this country, the majority of citizens that didn't vote for you and a joke to the rest of the world.
You're a mouth breathing catchphrase that has no reference or reverence for the real world.
That would be u not trump
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant...
AMEN, WELL SAID!!
45--- u r a huge part of the swamp!
I love reading the comments from the liberal bias snowflakes. They are so angry--good we the people were pretty damn angry from the 8 nightmare years of Obama! SUCK IT UP BUTTERCUP!
Are you going crazy or desperate? Traitor!
@SenSchumer  TRUMP YOU ARE COVERING UP TRUMP RUSSIA/ EXXON TILLERSON GATE! STOP BLAMING DEMS WHO WON'T HELP COVER UP!
When will you liberal bias snowflakes grow up! Go Trump!
Donald J Chump
My God where were you raised? Grow up! I love Trump!
You are the swamp.  I'm just sitting back watching you drown. Not throwing a lifesaver ever.
How sad that you are so angry, hateful and bitter toward our president. I hope that you will get some professional help. I love Trump!
Stop hiding behind Twitter coward.
Says the person attacking someone on Twitter! #internettoughguy
I'm not the President. He has a responsibility to do more than whine online in this situation. Thanks for your input.
You made a statement...i responded to your statement. I did not call you the President!!!
This is boring.
Someone calls you and your online bullying out and all of a sudden you are bored?
Lmao...that is what liberal democrats do.  When there is no story they need to invent one to be entertained. A weakness in their character.
A weakness in your character is being a fake account being run by someone in Russia.
you are so fucked. https://twitter.com/20committee/status/862130247575236613 … #russiagate
The optics of firing the FBI director investigating your Russia ties then meeting the Russian FM on THE VERY NEXT DAY defy easy description.
Obama will eternally hold that title, even if Trumps impeached, he didn't bury us in debt, invoke riots, or give our enemy, Iran, $
gotta hit the REAL history books,,not Fox you are wrong.
Dear Obama may have sunk this country beyond repair, and his party's doing all it can to ensure the ship is sunk. He destroyed greatness
Yeah, No lol
Brilliant retort, but then I'd expect nothing less from someone that considers insolvency to be a sound economic policy or objective.
why are trump supporters so miserable? Have a good day. Peace
Here let me try your tactics...

Yeah, No lol.
Donald, I will believe your reasons for firing Dir Comey as soon as you appoint a Dem to head FBI, as Obama appointed a Republican.
That's the point!!! Comey politicized the FBI...which is not supposed to be politicized at all, ever!!! No dems or pubs in the dir role!!!
Sure, politicized it before election day, to the CHEERS of Donald Trump. Don't insult my intelligence by claiming Trump had a change o/heart
There are many instances of Comey politicizing the FBI AFTER election day...one just needs to do a little research to open their eyes!!!
Yes, that's nice buh bye now.
Just like a good liberal...you get confronted by facts and you run away from a conversation.
@BogusTimes 
Praying for our President to have Gods blessings in all he brings forth to our nation Freedom&Liberty for all.
Crybaby Chuckie defines the Demtards! They don't know their ass from a hole in the ground! It's why they lost!
@SenSchumer should be crying!  YOU ARE A WINNER, MR PRESIDENT & WE THE PEOPLE are THANKFUL for you!  #MAGA #AmericaFirst
chuck schumer is such a disgrace to the state of ny & the american people he refuses to help America democracy grow
You say hot Democrats say cold
Chuck Schumer is a man of integrity and honesty who stands up for what is right. Exact opposite of you in every way.
Again I'll say this, stop tweeting. You're an embarrassment for the USA. Name calling is beneath the office of president
I love it, "Cryin' Chuck"
Washington post is a deplorable news agency. They are rotten. Full of lies.
Double dealing Don the Con is caught in a trap and can't tell which way to go. Exit left Donny.
Fire Schumer!  Fire Schumer! He's a spirit cooking creep!
No one has confidence in you. Step down!

#Resistance #TrumpRussia #ComeyGate #TrumpLies
I thought u fired him because u were screaming at the tv during hearings? We all saw u do it!
Chuck Shumer would greatly benefit the Democratic party if he would think before he spoke or just retired. Old and worthless!
Everything what they can Do right now, is to BARK on BigElephant but they worthy some 'Good Treats' -Be Generous, Mr TRUMP @realDonaldTrump
Not the same as firing.
Doing your best at branding others. More bullying and childish name calling.
Schumer cried while discussing family who died during Holocaust. You mock him. You say what's on your mind/what your supporters want to say.
since you love nicknames, which do you prefer for yourself? Trumplethinskin, Mango Moussilini,Ferretfaced Orange Shitgibbon
Why do you need to give everybody a belittling nickname?
In this order: @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters
Schumer is destroying his party and our country!! And all his crazies  too. Cant we charge them inference in government???
You're lucky 99% of Americans don't understand the #swamp.  #FoundingFathers certainly wouldn't approve of DC today.
oh my God... you cannot answer a damn question!! You are a freaking embarrassment! Read a book! Build your damn vocabulary
ROFL speaking of hypocrisy, who said Comey was doing a great job until he wouldn't let go of Russia for you. Oh yeah. YOU!
You have no high ground when you fire the person heading up the investigation into your administration
Everywhere I turn news reports of you in bed with Russia. HAVE YOU SEEN THE WSJ? You better get spicy out ahead of this or yer toast
Chuck has more integrity than you and your whole administration put together! I'm crying that you are so-called potus!
Well said Mr. President
Naw the swamp is still there!
Donnie, I just watched a whole string of videos of you praising Comey for his actions on the Clinton investigation. YOU are the hypocrite.
@StayClassy1979 @LadyLeMans @TroxK @getitkim Shitter was full... #DrainTheSwamp
Liberals here very angry, must b they're panicking! Call for a Sp Prosecutor to investigate surveillance n leaking of Flynn n HRC's emails
i like it
no
Maxine waters is a big black flake along with Pelosi the indian flake and warren I might be gay flake
You might consider draining the cesspool that is the White House. Bannon, Spicer, Conway. And of course, you. What a blight on America.
Because we know why you finally fired him, chicken.
Grow up and stop the personal attacks!
@TheDemocratsLEADERS R TOTAL HYPOCRITES CREATING POLITICAL CHAOS OPPOSED 2 PUTTING#AmericaFirst4 THE BETTERMENT OF#WeThePeople'sLIVES
Your timing reveals intent to derail Russian investigation.  Donald Trump = Benedict Arnold
#benedicttrumparnold
Please treat the Office of the Presidency with more respect and stop calling people names.
for sure 
Yap
Mr presdv. .....
.... pppp
You are Russian Stooge
You are using the word a day calendar they bought you. How nice :-)
Stop it don your acting like Nixon u need to reign it in my lovely x
Schumer is a suck ass for pelosi, feinstein, boxer, and blumenthal
Chaffetz investigating your firing of Comey ,this is not the Apprentice!
I'm betting that if you ever do drain the swamp, you'll be the first turd down the drain 
Democrats and the media just do anything to go against you. What gives them the right to go against who we elected as president.
Keep it up potus i voted for you then and I'll vote for you in 2020. Make America great again I'm with 120%
You are a 70 yrs old "MAN" who calls people names like a 10 yr old BOY!! GROW UP!!
More reasons why I wud NEVER mix my PRIVATE career w/ANY politics cuz they flip-flop & do ALL kinds of nonsense like fund raise n fed court?
Mr. Schumer has a right to change his mind as the circumstances changes.  You on the other hand, flip flop like a fish on everything U say.
You'll look good in stripes
So happy to see swamp draining but soooo much more to go. Don't hold back and flush more.
Timing Donald . . . @SenSchumer is more appalled by your unpresidential and illegal behavior.
Russia, Russia, Russia.When are they going to realize the leaks about Clinton were the truth, why should anyone care where they came from?
Lyin' Donald Trump...well, lies.
Love the visual ie Crying Chuck Schumer. Hope it sticks :).
They should send him wherever he comes from, the best for him would be the "Kindergarden".  For me there is no  45th President of the USA!!!
I have being studying @SenSchumer and I hv come to a probable conclusion, that he,@SenSchumer is a confounded man.The Leftist should go hell
How does Putin taste in your mouth Mr. Baffoon Prez?
Mr President - working on movie script titled "The Madness of King Donald" - which actor do you recommend play @SenSchumer ?
Great thing you did. I had a bad feeling about him in the Clinton investigation when things were seemingly avoided.
Let's just stop this. You're doomed.
Of course!
They're going insane if not already  keep this up because they can't
Correct English Sir, then acts so indignantly! Really when your talking utter Rubbish at least make it grammatically correct Rubbish!
*you're
You're the one crying now!  Because you're corruption is going to bring you DOWN!!!
You have made the White House 'The Swamp' .. drain that ! 
Agree wholeheartedly
Immature, divisive, man-baby trump insults minority leader, displays ignorance & lack of responsibility.
Mr President, Please tell us how much Cryin chuckie has spent investigating Your campaign & yadaya phooie?? Enough for a school? Rich R 
So typical....
TREY GOWDY
Schumer, needs to stand down!! He needs to put his jammies on, & "Go To Bed"! Nothing but a snake, wearing specs!
Mr. President you're doing a great job. Keep getting rid of all the corrupts to make this country great again.
I'm shocked we didn't see the tears! Schumer just loves having his face on tv!
To the CONTRAIRE, it is YOU that acts so indignant.
Rock on, prez!! So long as Schumer is cryin the good guys are all smilin! Keep up the good work.
I'm trying to imagine how scared you are right now, but its hard. Beware the Ides of March.
Can't you cry?
Stop Pouting You Big Whiny Baby ! Grow Up Donald !! Your Daddy Fred is Very Disappointed with You ! You Need a Spanking !!

Must you always revert to name calling? Why cannot you show people respect? You are the President! Act like it!
Seriously
No surprise
At least he is acting...you are just plain ignorant.
Asshole! you aren't draining the swamp, you are filling it with your own alligators
Yup
My god, you're #despicable.
I have no confidence in YOU
He is a hypocrite.  One.of the biggest.
You're a disgrace!!!
That's UpChuck Schumer to you sir.
Chuck the Shmuck. Another paid off useless Senator IMO. If we utilize terms for our senators. America will be on its way to great things...
#MakeChuckSchumerCryAgain @chuckschumer
Keep on draining Mr President!
Please put the date that statement was made. You lie so much you can't keep track of all of them
Please help us get a republican senator from NY
That's how they polluted America
The movie industry @trump is what also supports this idea.
It helps with scepticism but stupid in long run.
