.@realDonaldTrump #Walmart just hit American workers with job eliminations and mass layoffs. You're going to fix that right?
Microsoft is laying off too
Kroger is cutting hours only thing good about working at Kroger is they are Union and i can get health insurance being P.T not enough hours.
i have the same problem & also that im working for min wage when previously in I.T. great wages @angela4respect @realDonaldTrump
i am fixing to fight for more money they are not paying me experince pay union going to help me get it and back pay too i hope.
not me. no union. if i did that id prob get shown the door @angela4respect @realDonaldTrump
when i worked at Walmart i got fired for my mouth they said it was due to abesences but it was pure relatation.
Bull shit. I am un able to get job
only 3 more years for this tragic mistake orange man.
None of which will be yours! Wake the fuck up!
Fix health insurance companies once & for all, don't give them $!
Or states, no quick fixes.
#MAGA

Can we bring back our Constitution too ?? 

That would be a nice change. 

Thanks. 

Carry on Sir.
Bring back my will to live by leaving this country forever.
U have give back ..there is nothing to get back . Give back all lives you took .
What's after the 35 jobs for Dakota pipeline and 100 temporary coal mining jobs? You gonna announce plans to bring back Blockbuster Video?
Section. 9.
The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be...
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/recover-deleted-whatsapp-messages-from.html?m=1 …
. En español
Mandatory E-verify for existing employees. Cut off welfare to illegal aliens. Enforce our laws and deport them all. Start with daca.
GET ON YOUR NEW @POTUS ACCOUNT YOU MADMAN!!!
Dude,  start with you and your cabinet paying your taxes!!
Our borders changed in the last 8 years. You'd think Mexico and Canada would have said something!
cállese
Thank you Mr President..........♡♡  :-)
My dream is for you to be impeached, what will you do to facilitate that happening?
thank you
Great Speech #GodBlessAmerica!
work on unity first

thank you Mr. President.  You are true patriot.
don't you mean bring yuuge wealth to the 1%
you are certainly gearing up to bring back your own wealth with all those conflicts of interest.
is absolutely AWESOME! @transition2017 @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Reince @KellyannePolls @GOP @IvankaTrump @OANN #MAGA3X
knob
.@realDonaldTrump day one hour one. You promised a wall!!!! Where is it???
Instead of all that can we just bring back Obama?
Can you bring back Obama?
I have figured out a way to defeat ISIS. I will buy them and run them like my casinos...they will be bankrupt within a month.
Stop tweeting and get to work.
support you Mr President.
So does this mean you will bring your golf course back to the states from Scotland?
Here is a word you are going to become very familiar with, Impeach: charge (the holder of a public office) with misconduct.
let me enter though pls
don't forget to bring back your brain.
It’s now Trump’s #GOPEE - Urine trouble now, Donald! T-shirt now available on @amazon - https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MS7W9A9 
. @realDonaldTrump - dude. Nobody took my dream.
. @warpfactorbanjo @realDonaldTrump - then let them tweet. I'm speaking for me right now.
Ah, yes, the white upper-class dream was stolen. But don't worry cuz rich white guys can get richer again!
unemployment is at 4.7% can't wait to see you get it down.
Do you knows what rate was 2009
Yes unemployment rate was 9.3% when Obama took office after another failed Repub trickle down
thanks for responding, driving home and was not able to
He dropped unemployment 5% and added over 9 mil jobs. Guess they don't talk about that on Fox
And I bet they don't understand we're about as low as you can go at baseline unemployment ;)
Your promises are as hollow as your head.
How do you know? This is his first day!
He has yet to detail how ANY of these promises will come to pass--hence, they are empty.
If he doesn't explain to your satisfaction it cannot happen? Psychologists have a word....
If he doesn't explain AT ALL and you believe, the word is "gullible."
"You can keep you doctor." Mic drop.
Lowest uninsured rate in American history. You dropped this.
yeah Force everybody to have insurance and then raise the premiums. Great job
liar, liar pants on fire!

Nope. He's staying in DC. He'll form a shadow presidency, and make policy, intelligent commentary.
make policy? Are you drinking bong water?
he's got to be smoking something.
Don't forget racism and putting women back in their place..oh and remember to grab some pu**y on the way in the office.
Trump shaking Obama hand is the pu""y he was grabbing
Cute, but completely ignoring the fact that we now have a egocentric narcissist trying to run the free world.
you're wrong, those boys just left our house!
I don't know why I expected anything coherent from a Trump supporter. My Bad. Keep being dumb.
way to try and stay relevant Coral.  Go back to the hole you crawled out of.  #moveto
Staying relevant by communicating political views?I'm relevant because you engage me
you were on my timeline talking barrack helliar craziness.
where did our boarders go. Are they hiding?
I love you

we r still waiting 4 something good 2 happen tired of broken promises
HoooooRaaaaH !
Jobs are for machines. Our borders don't stop digitization. Our wealth never left. It's just in the hands of the few.
And some judges will bring back Obama's politics.
You will be the first President to actually help the black community in decades!
I do. She is a very smart woman.
Why not? She was right there with him. And she certainly can stand on her own, without mentioning her uncle.
so? She has every right to. He was her uncle and important to this country and to
her work. He is relevant in her life.
So you are going to stop using from outside this country!
I had a dream....its when you fucked all of American up and got us bombed by North Korea
nobody likes you
Projecting  much?
Okay fine, very very few people like trump. Better?
He's very popular in some places. The crazies, neoNazis, Russians like him
Yes !!
Your supporters are behind you sir but we are dissapointed. We know how hard it is with no help. Do the best you can.
Bring back some of the crowd from 2009, looking a lil sparse!
Trump supporters have jobs that pay 4 the freeloaders who where there in 2009 What abt 2016 elect rallies?
If Trump supporters have jobs then why is Trump promising to bring them back?
Will you bring back production of your products to the US? What about Ivanka? @realDonaldTrump
believes that the minimum wage Is already too high. @USApatriot4all U want him to abolish that "liberal" regulation?
but you do know that he'd prefer for the fed minimum wage to be lower, don't you? He could start by making his products HERE
You're trying a little hard. He's lied to you already. Goldman Sachs and billionaires filling his cabinet @USApatriot4all Wake up or GTFOH
American dream lately is you out of there
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
some people may disagree with you now but here in the future when the economy is at its all-time high God bless you
in 8 years Obama couldn't create equality amongst women. Nice to see they rally behind you to get it done! #united/equal
dreams? Dude u have no life
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
Heck Yes Mr President!!!!!!!!
Very important for any leader of aCountry other than Obamaism,appeasement of foreigners at the cost of the Citizens &Israel
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
why not you first hypocrite

would love to hire American.
being able to get unemployment benefits for so long, those Americans would rather not work.
Sir you are very clever nan
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
Unemployment already low, America still richest country in world unless we are the Republic of Georgia, borders didn't move
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...

Truth?Christopher Columbus, was looking 4 salt, a valuable asset  back then,& ran into the US.Indians &Hispanics lived here
I really hope u keep your word as the president of the united States ,but also as a #MAN
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
No offence Mr.President but I'm sure that we already had those
also bring back Melania's family from Russia
GO TRUMP
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
@RosieR1949 Am so discouraged that the stupid LEFT cannot see the good you are doing for America!You r right!
#TALKisCheap
House payment shouldn't be as high as they are to live in an average house.
. Then stop making your clothes in China hypocrite
Perpetual sleep for all Americans! BRING BACK OUR DREAMS!
Mr. Trump my family are in Syria I would love for my family come here and live with us.
"wealth" is that what you want WEALTH YOU WANT WEALTH
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
"our borders" they where never yours or ours to begin with you stole the borders from the native Americans and the Mexicans
@thebrandilyn
maybe get your merchandise made in America then?
We'll see.
yeah right, with a President who is as phony as his "universities?" Who Tweets like a tantrum-throwing child?  NOT!
this is a time when I wish I was American I am embarrassed of my Canadian prime I'm a business owner and middle class
not with your agenda! #Trump #WomensMarchOnWashington #alternativefacts #JackassWithATwitterAccount
I've no doubt the dreams have already begun. How soon can you pack?
Good Luck Sir we are supporting you
I'm so happy you're my president.
About as sharp as a shoelace
And please bring back our soldiers from wars that are not ours! Thank you! America First
@sapiosanct We have had enough of rhethorics sir.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
thank you! These protestors ought to be jailed. It's embarrassing.
my dreams consist of equality for EVERYONE.
what dreams?
lol
bullsh1t
pass time to uphold and enforce the law.
so whats the freeze on federal hires then
WHEN??? YOU SEEM TO BE GOING TO MAR A LAGO QUITE A LOT!!!!
can we please bring back all the good kids shows
we the people love you thank you for acknowledging us it's been so long I'm soon to be 65 and you are my hero
.@realDonaldTrump my dreams were never missing. You are destroying them, not restoring them.
from where to be exact? Less talk, more action!!
Born in '75 I voted once in my life for Ralph Nader. I lost pride in being an American. This was my 2nd time.  I am PROUD!

Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Donny boy there are really a lot of pissed off people in the world.
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
Does this mean you will pull all your Chinese and Russian loans back to US Banks??
oh good! Our wealth was built on the backs of slaves, I guess we're getting those back?! Finally! #youareanidiot
dude! That would mean you'd have to pay taxes. Are you ready for that next step?
can you elaborate on what your dreams are?
good luck with that.
Let's also spread misogyny, racism, and homophobia while were at it right? what a god damn joke gone too far you are.
The only thing your goin to bring is misery
Congrats Sir,   remember   People will say things that are ridiculous,  let it go as it never was
My dream is equality for all.
want gas chambers too???
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
That's OLD news!  President Obama already took care of it!  Oh, you mean drill for oil, pollute the environment, and support Wall Street?
my dream is for you to not be president
You're taking jobs and losing us money. How does this help? It's like the emperor has no clothes, just hot air!
We have jobs, unemployment is less than 5%. We don’t need jobs, we need REAL president. U bring SHAME.
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
You might start by restoring the federal jobs you ditched by cutting programs.
Can I come and live in America?
Good!
Thank God for our New President & V President!!!
just stop. You are making me so tired.
What have you to do with my dreams? Not a damned thing and you're destroying most of the planet...no more dream time
We will bring back detention camps! We will bring back tattoos! We will bring back Hitler and Stalin! Sig heil!
*planet.
the contractors you brought in already work for you, been working for you a very long time.  Tell the truth.
Amen Brother Finally Done With That Idiot Obama Finally America Going To Be Great Again!!!
@mike_pence You already lost 13 million clean energy jobs to China. And you will bring back your own wealth.  Nightmare.
If that is true, why do you have your ties and suits all made out of the country?
not read 1984 then?
where did your borders go?  @realDonaldTrump
