Sometimes you’re even funnier than Alec Baldwin.
Please learn how quotation marks work
Please fade away into obscurity. Your 15 minutes are up. #POSPRESIDENT
Of for FFS....He "dropped out" because he was sick of your antics and is now forever stained by them...
Yeah this isn't true.
Our president never matured past the age of 13. "Susie begged me to play with her on the playground but I said no. She's icky."
That statement is what's immature Snowflake!  Trump won! Get a grip! Check your meds too many! Trolling th POTUS? Really? 

You don't handle being told NO very well do you. Having a child's mind does that. Word is he told YOU NO. LMAO
why would anyone ever beg you for anything
Ha! Like the endorsement in Alabama???? It didn't helped him for jack. U r a joke
Shade, thrown.

#ResignNow
Please say or do something honorable today! Please!
Fake news.

No one begs you for anything
Thou art a dissembling malmsey-nosed nut-hook, @realdonaldtrump
OMG the only reason you won is bc of your collusion with Russia.
And he isn't going to support your tax plan loser.
...the endorsement of the greatest president in history! )
An incredible lie. He can't stand you and has said so many times. As Luther Strange knows your endorsement isn't worth a cup of warm spit.
BS
Your endorsement guarantees a loss, why would he ask for it?
Luther Strange?
America is begging you to go back to Reality TV, enjoy your stardom and get great ratings. Leave politics to the politicians. Delusional man

You are such an infant! Tillerson was right...you are a fucking moron!
Does your ego need stroking ALREADY? Give it a rest.
Bro.. you are wild. Smh.
Great president who Truly cares about all Americans and is repairing the destruction of our military by obama
Lies!
Bot the bloke in Alabama didn't and you supported him anyway.  Well done you for supporting an alleged pedaophile
@realDonaldTrump
Congratuation
To Old man trump... No one is "begging" you, that includes your 3rd wife!! 25 amendment is coming for you even if you have no clue about it.
Make room for another ultra right candiate who hasn't read the constitution.
Your not gonna win the next election either.
Funny. It's who you DO endorse that seems to lose.
U r nuts...oh yeah and a liar too.  Look up FDR.
Nobody cares. You're President....Act like it.
WEAK MAN THATS WHY HE DROPPED OUT! NO BALLS NO GLORY. THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN CROOKED POLITICIANS FORGET WHO OUT THEM THERE.
You just can’t tell the truth.
Drain the swamp
...doubtful

You are a LIABILITY to any rational, thinking person

Sure, you can bring in the insanity vote, but...
God, don't you ever get tired of yourself
He probably would have lost with it!  You're such a tool!  All about you isn't it?!?
In reality your endorsement is worth nothing.
In reality, you're wrong.
And btw have you seen how many likes Sen. Corker got? Just saying because you care so much on quotes...
Mid terms are gonna be bad
DELUSIONAL
Stop tweeting and do something helpful
Trump has to be the most self-absorbed world leader. This is insane.
We deserve a leader who prioritizes county over self.
We deserve a real leader. Period. Not some self-absorbed clown in the White House.
"Bob Corker wanted to use my playground sandbox but he never shared his candy with me last time. So I said NO! You can't play!"
"Bob asked me if he can be team captain of the hopscotch team but I said NO THANKS! I am giving it to T-Rex. Roarrrr!!"
This presidency is insane.
One more win for you Mr. President& one less swamp creature you’ll have to deal with. Yeeess!!
Hate U
Businessman your stars are your sou..l is your lousy uneducated 4 years college e universities 4 full years your just a crooked businnes man FROGS DONT WANT YOU AS KING AS LEADER AS POTUS HOMANPERRY GREAT  YOU AND Pence madmen
bravo, the truth is hard but it must be said.
so.... 
You are alright and because of this level of clarity even when nothing harmful against is acceptable threshold for respecting you as US president. However I cannot understand behaviors of your country. The fact about good effects of such clarifications are obvious but...
good job
Well, this guy's from Alabama, so....
Smart move Mr President! Godspeed to you and your beautiful family.
Greatest President ever
These losers are crying over a spilled milk. He was elected no matter how.  Get on with your lives and find peace.  You are doing a favor to yourselves, health wise!
TRUNT!!!
Well done!

It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning.
Need to fire about two thirds of the politics take away there benefits
Lol! I notice that all the haters arent getting any love on their tweets or retweeted. Only Trump Supporters are getting retweeted and love lol!! Coincidence? I think not^-^
TRUNT!!!

Couldn't agree more!
it shall come to pass,thy generation shall be call blessed for ever,long live presido and may your rigim be marked as 1 blessed are the work of thy hand what you say goes honorable  presido.
BULLSHIT!
God bless Donald Trump he's doing fantastic!
Go Trump
Trump Dictionary: "begged" 

Actually, his chief of staff claims YOU "begged' him to reconsider not running

#NobodyBelievesYouDonald
could you be ANY MORE FULL OF YOURSELF TRUMP!!! Geeeeez!!!! Sickening
Sure he did, tiny Donnie, sure he did. You are so jealous and you are so sick in your mind. You might have to pay for your own golfing soon.
Golf courses in PRISON???
#TrumpIsAFuckingMoron
HI you are a crazy
He is also under investigation and a RINO.
We already know YOU offered to "help" him, he turned you down.
The  GOP have grown tired of U   crying  wolf 24/7.Biting the hands which could eventually save you  is not a good strategy
You are so delusional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&v=tBa7SZ8FK-Q …

How can you 'bite the hand that feeds you" when that hand is raping you?
You not that special
No he didn't. More lies from @POTUS
you were quoted by @USATODAY
Are you kidding, You're endorsement is a death certificate. No one what's you backing them anymore. Any 1 with a brain anyway.
This photo is only visible to Tramp
I recommend some serious psychoanalysis time instead of tweeting lies and playing golf.
He has no backbone,what a weak man.
No, actually, he just could not deal with the dotard in the WH, and he is a man of integrity who calls a spade a spade!
LIAR
Trying to sneak this in there please look at the Babin Bill HR 32 82
"“If you have any honor, any decency, you should resign immediately. You should not let those words stand"
I don't understand how decency comes into play here? Or honor? He's working to help our country, and what are you doing for it?
another fake news tweet.  according to stats more than 85% of what Donald says is fake. ridiculous. people are idiots if they believe him
Support kurdistan
Bob Corker is done
Heard Bannon interview which said Corker and Graham were instrumental in Obama getting the Iran deal.  Is this true?
Swamp thing
Oh Caucasian please!
YOU ARE A LIAR AND A FOOL. AND YOU'RE MAKING A MOCKERY OF OUR COUNTRY. GO HOME!
you lie again
Why do you keep lying?
Oh please!!!!
Ja oh please
./\ "Good
afternoon"/\    /\
. /    \  /    \/   \
/**  *      /*  ** \
You sound 9 here.
5 Bob 5 not 9

Bull @RepublicanSwine @TeaPainUSA #Corker #Resist #Resistance #DayoftheGirl #ProtectDREAMers House #ReclaimYourVote #GirlsBelongHere
What sort of BS is THIS?!?  Democraps doing the same, projecting THEIR FAULTS & WEAKNESSES onto any and ALL opponents.  Flipping crybabies.
Amazing
#HR4HR
Someone please get rid of this scumbag
Donnie , we know u are lying. Stop, and apologize
Bob Coker another failure for government
Why did you put quotations on "begged?" Are you illiterate? How can you uphold the constitution if you can't even read and write?
I will be "from Missouri" on this LIE until you can show some PROOF.
Trump's tweet trashing Sen Corker:  65.1K
Senator Bob Corker's tweet answering to Trump: 400K
You are a liar, that never happened!
Why would anyone in a right mind want an endorsement from you? And, what would it be? A tweet composed without benefit of thought?
More lies
牛逼
Liar. Get back on your psyche meds
Lie!

Gag me.  Liar.  Corker caved.
#doubtful
Shut up already and focus on what's important in this country. You sound like a child.
I was one of the biggest fans, huge banner displayed and all. Now wish I could see President Rex Tillerson, man with a brain.
That's two lies...#FakePresident
Lmfao
Fake news from a known liar.
Keep up with the good work Trump.
Liar liar liar. Anyone with a brain, knows this to be completely false.
Such a delusional narcissist you are!
LOL
MAGA WINNING
You are a petty, small, and callous man
Cork screw
Will you ever grow the hell up??? Except it, most Americans don't like you and never will. Just shut true up...
Why are you like this??
kudos to Corker  finally someone put Trump in his place
Liar
@FLOTUS Bullying.
I'm sure he didn't actually "beg" but good job boasting 
He can't win! Senator Corker doesn't represent the majority of Tennesseans & he knows it!
This would have been merely embarrassing if you were in high school.
You are such a small and mean man.
He probably begged you to resign. Please do.
You're kind of a Twitter bully don't you think?! I mean I'm sure the POTUS has lots n lots better things to do. I'm just saying DO SOME WORK
Ha ha. Good for you.  Corker is part of the swamp
Some people have all the gall. They let their dog crap in your yard, the throw a fit when you ask them to clean it up.
Corker was right.    Put your hat on while ur nose is in corner for a  bad child! Now sit there!!!!!!!!
Liar
You lie, dog.
Hey, Donnie.....
Animals aren't trophies
Liar
@IvankaTrump did you forget to change the Orange Fuhrer's Diaper this morning?
Thats right Mr. PRESIDENT!  If they don't  work for you and in turn for US then they must go!!!
Why is that EVERYONE IS BEGGING YOU FOR SOMETHING?? Last summer, on the BUS, you said the SAME THING!! Come on Man!!! @azfamily @nytimes
A unraveling of a rich  millionaire who became president. The next rich man to lose it after LV?
Laughable
Ask Luther Strange how that worked out
Bob Corker is a Beggar, Sure he wanted the endorsement of the Head Chief in Charge. Haters dont like it because they are from the LG people
We all need to be endorsed by a significant other at some point.  At least mentally sane people do!!!
Your so petty
Get you some, JW
