Many Affluent Goons Association
#MAGA
nope.
THANK YOU MR. TRUMP FOR IMPROVING OUR ECONOMY!
The wall will be built!
More jobs have been created under you than failed Obama!
You have already made America's eccomony great again!
Failing @nytimes will never report the truth! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MAGA #45
I'll just leave these here… you're a #fraud just like Trump.
Do u also except credit for stagnant inflation, low wage growth and record household debt?? Ur A joke that spews garbage & lies! #MAGA 
Nice you could ride Obama's coat tails to economic growth. Let's see what you do on your own. Hope it's better than AHCA. SO SAD.
I hate that slogan. America is and will always be great in spite of your efforts to drag it down.
Keep up the great work Mr. President!

Shep Smith: "The deception, Chris, is mind-boggling...why are we getting told all these lies?"

Chris Wallace: "I don't know what to say" 
Way to go Mr. President, make America great again!
trump train has derailed, but there is a bus on the way. I suggest you catch that. #KarmaBus #trumprussia #Impeach #Mueller #Traitor
MAGA is getting real old. How about you get policies passed and do some work???
Maybe if you kept up with news you would see what he's done! #oblivious
More bots
An annual rate of growth in a quarter?  What was the actual increase?
Just out of curiousity, can you name some of the financial policies that you've passed that led to this growth? Take ur time, I'll wait.
burn down the American plantation.
Serious question... when Kushner and Don Jr are found guilty of conspiracy, collusion, and money laundering, are you going to pardon them?
I don't think an IMPEACHED DISGRACEFUL PIG has the power to pardon. I'll double check. Nope. No power
This blows his excuse of "I found out about the meeting a couple of days ago" straight out of the water.
Resign.
Imagine a farmer taking credit for a crop he didn't plant.
Liberals want a sluggish, socialist economy in the United States
On November 8th, Americans REJECTED socialism
Dumping Obama's "legacy" (Obamacare and Paris Disasters) was the best thing we could have done for our economy
So 20million without insurance is okay and the millions of jobs created that you tweeted are still not there. Great economics.#bootlicker
He's just some kiss ass that comments on every post from Donald. He's a fucking ass kisser lol
#NotTiredOfWinningYet @POTUS #MAGA
By impeaching ur ass & then butting u, Don jr, Sessons, Flynn, Manafort, Kushner, Ivanka, etc on trial for each of ur crimes

You can help by resigning.
More #propaganda

Thanl you Mr President
Yes sir! Everyone on the Trump Train is working 100%, but we need you to kick the rearends of the #RINOswamprats in Congress! Love U @POTUS
Your son is being investigated, you are pushing horrible healthcare, and you are using donor money for lawyers. No MAGA.
Switch son with husband and you perfectly described hillary
Trump tweeted you Tony. He needs you to grow up and help MAGA.



#LatinosWithTrump
Absolutely agree!!!  So RESIGN so we will no longer be embarrassed!!!
Doing a great job !  Congratulations.
Desperate foul 
Resign!
Thanks OBAMA
Make Israel great again
Let's do it President Trump! Dems & Republicans elected you for a reason. We believe in your AMERICANS FIRST message. You represent us well!
Ok, bot
3 Years, 6 Months, 4 Days, 20 Hours, 40 Minutes, and 32 Seconds
Until Re-Election!
You'll be in jail by then
Americas BEEN great! How anti-American to think it hasn't.
Yes America has always been great, but the people elected to represent us haven't been. What do you say we give Trump a chance?
He's had a chance. None of this is normal. Trump has to go!!!
Fine! Let's go back to getting the same. You'll beg for freedom very fast if it continued
Don't understand single word you're Tweeting. The "if" game don't mean shit to me!Trump-loving minority thinks dealing w/Russia is OK. 
It's easy Donald just copy & paste - "I resign as president of the US - effective immediately" its less than 140 characters
Deport the Haters!
Trump
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ...
Non fossil fueled sustainable vehicles, v. Fuel going up in smoke,creates jobs/global competitive market trend/Make America Great Again
I love my President!
Can i joying you Mr Trump to make America great again
R E S I G N
Thank you Mr. President Trump for the nice pictures: Make America Great again!!! You can everytime!!!
You can start by throwing in the towel and getting someone in office with some intelligence and respect!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Collusion's No Big Deal According to @HouseGOP
 
 #WTFComrade #PatriotNotPartisan
HEALTH CARE BILL,  BUILT THE WALL,  TAX REFORM,  KEEP YOUR CAMPAIGN PROMISES  YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT NOW
gee, who was POTUS in 2014????????
Ur our number 1 treat to national security. Head to jail fool

Gag.  We will have so much work to do after you are gone.
Ummm don't think so...
Not by your doing.....(drops mic)
The thing that would make it great would be for you to resign!!!
WAY TO GO!!! ♡♡♡ @realDonaldTrump
Sure... but not with a fake president!
You really think that's going to happen do you?
Thank you sir
We were great until you became President.

MAGA resign
Support #russian_asset
@POTUSYou're embarrassing the USA to the world, hell, probably on other planets as well, that's how historically awful U R!
lies...fake numbers...fake news
... you're funny.
If by the mere force of numbers a majority should deprive a minority of any clearly written constitutional right...
it might in a moral point of view justify revolution; certainly would if such right were a vital one
maga, join the revolution!
Hey FAILED @BarackObama you CRIMINAL 

Each day the world learns Trump is a Great @POTUS

@realDonaldTrump
@jeffsessions
@SHSanders45
We have a true clown in office. Number 45 is a bafoon.
@POTUS
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
Then leave it you Traitor

Hey @CNN & other #FakeNews whores....  @realDonaldTrump is AWESOME as @POTUS and we stand with #TRUMP! @SebGorka @PressSec @KellyannePolls
We'll #MAGA #Min 2020 when we vote you out office. Unless you leave a little early. #sad #SCROTUS

Fake news


PHONEY..u & Ivanka have all your merchandise made overseas for CHEAP labor..all GREED..u rant MADE IN AMERICA..yet u don't follow..SHAME
The graph for the success of your predisancy (according to your lawyer, lol) will be an accurate assessment of your admin in another 2 yrs.
@POTUS resign and it will be! #25thAmendmentNOW #TreasonousTrump
America was great until you became President.
You should change your motto to Make America Russian. Anti news media and anti justice system is from Russian playbook.

Oh dude, you didn't finish the sentence, allow me... "BY WORKING WITH RUSSIA AND SPYING ON EVERYONE!! YAY!!!"
"the past 12 months" being the key phrase! You've been in office 6 of them. You haven't helped with thise numbers!

I know one way to stop Trump from being your president.

By moving out of the country.
She blames everyone,cheated way out of election,emails,tarmac mtg,tapped candidates,got ?'s b 4 debates,started collusion,no voter fraud.huh
How about practicing what you preach. Look at your own products your hotels peddle. Clothes that you wear.  One huge walking contradiction

Ok call soon honey we miss u
Make people  work under the table.Can something be done.Poor people can't afford  fines. Come up with a plan that can make people productive
@John_Mar_016 /NO MEDIA TO REPORT THE TRUTH&ALL DON'T KNOW MEDIA LIED ABOUT OBAMAS JOBS NUMBERS,,WHICH REALLY WAS 15%NOT4.3

65% of America despise you.
2+2=5
Its about time
U mean stay at Trump resort and charge US taxpayers for it
It will be once you're gone
Thank you for bringing back jobs to the Alcoa Warrick operations in Newburgh, Indiana!
Free the Political Prisoners of America THEN worry about other Countries, please POTUS
3


We know Obama legacy prevail !!!!!!
MAGA - Morons Are Governing America!
Show you taxes and wow too bad we can't challenge you to a lie detector test LOL

Your slogan is dumb.  America was greater before your #FraudElection and you making us a laughingstock around the world.  #Article25NOW
Such a liar - Such a con man - cannot wait until you are in prison
#MAGA #GFY

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
#India no 1
and ur not responsible for any of it,SAD,
Obama worker very hard to bring us out of the worst recession every and he was successful. It started b4 your came. Ucan't take all credit.
Sorry Donnie, America was NEVER BAD !
I know how to MAGA - get a better POTUS!
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!

Did you see THIS?
HOUSE OF REPS:
.@HouseGOP 
.@HouseDemocrats…
Yeah, 6 of those months Mr. Obama was a REAL President!

You DO know where your MAGA caps are made? #China
You need not be in the white house.
note the 12 months....thanks Obama!

Please resign before you do more harm to America.
Economy still doing well because of President Obama. America was great until Putin put you in the WH.  #MorallyBankrupt #FakePOTUS
You sure as hell have very little to nothing to do with this, stop lying and taking credit for it all. You're a joke and a fake Pres.
MAGA!!!!
When #TrumpLeaves we can move on, now the USA is being Scammed to Death......
Make America great again yea right your making a mess of it and also a laughing stock . Grow up and stop crying about everything that don't
Great and good to hear - we still need to take care that Ivanka starts to let  her goods produce in the USA - and not in Bangladesh or China
MAGA?! America was great and still is. But you & your kingdom of thugs & liars are doing everything you can to destroy the rule of law. Sick

Thank you Sir! 
A new Hitler has come again, this time to America!! https://youtu.be/AnpTWKKWQ1o 
Until the next collapse from these same myopic short-term growth, long term contraction policies.
The only thing you have made "GREAT" is your catastrophic administration!
Which is a "GREAT AMERICAN DISASTER"!
We are so tired of winning!
Hemp to victory!!!

