Just make sure the Trump empire is safe. That's all that matters in the end, right?
I encourage you to resign before you cause further damage to our country. I voted for you and I regret it every minute of every day.
And now our Pussy Grabber in Chief has just banned transgenders from serving in the military. I regret my vote more than I can articulate.
'Transgenders' is not a word. Transgender is not a noun.  He banned transgender people.
I understand but at least he actually cares. At least he's concerned that DJT is stripping our fellow Americans of their rights.
Yeah,  he really cares.
I encourage everyone in the path of shitestorm Trump to throw cream pies at him.
Do you support our POTUS?
(Retweet after voting!)
100% Yes, no one knows what's like to be #drainingtheswamp, saving us, undoing #Obama damage, fighting the #deepstate & Democrats
Take your meds. Trump does nothing but lie.
Bot hater , get help Crybaby Snowflake.  HILLARY LOST , LET IT SINK IN SLOWLY ,YOU SAD SAD SORE LOSER!!!#MAGA
Oh & they are crying like the biggest babies we have ever seen - they have their own new #Liberal #Statue
That's your reply? Wow, wake up. Trump is not capable of anything but lying. Why is he afraid of the Russian investigation. He's guilty
IDIOT!!. ..You don't even make sense!
Lun
Smartest thing I ever heard you say.
I encourage everyone in the path of hurricane Trump to heed the warning as well
Love you Stephen King
i always love seeing these tweets because it helps everyone realize they'll never be as pathetic as you

Why don't u fly down there. That would MAGA
Even the Democratic ones?
When we going to see the piss tapes?
#MAGA at least we know you'll be there for them, and not go golfing!!
Shouldn't you be there right now holding a rally? Jackass!!
no you don't
Idiot
Trump's at the helm.  RIP Houston.
@realDonaldTrump Thanks for your hard work providing @DHSgov & @fema the resources they need to best serve the people of TX & LA...God bless
Yes.. stay safe
I encourage you to resign before anyone else loses a life because of your bullshit.
Instructions like, dont look at the sun directly without proper eyewear.
Excellent work Mr president.  We support you 100%
I encourage everyone in path of #HurricaneTrump 2 pray, #Resist, vote, & learn what happens when a psychopath is in office.
Be sure to take every precaution as #HurricaneTrump will soon become Category 5 causing catastrophic damage
#HurricaneTrump is already the deadliest WH storm on record, killing decency, integrity,  and competence on impact!
You're doing a heckuva job Trumpie! (Not really)
Mar a Lago done #trumprussia
God Bless everyone in its path
Why? Their warnings and recommendations are based on science. You don't believe in science. You're about as presidential as a hangnail

Everyone saying "ignore trump cause he lies" well then have fun drowning in Hurricane Harvey
RESIGN.

I encourage everyone in USA to demand Donald Trump resign.

#ImpeachTrump #WorstPresidentEver
Keep coloring snowflake. MAGA
I encourage you to heed the advice of those advising you to resign!
Retweet if you believe that Trump should be evaluated for mental illness before being allowed to access the Nukes!
The thought that the fate of the planet rests in the hands of a mentally ill dictator is frightning!
If you don't resign, Impeachment season is coming soon!
Why should we take the advice of a bigot and racist?
The left is saying informing citizens of natural disasters is wrong. 

What person would ever think that?!
Hater people that want to see innocent people die!
You are the best thing happened to America after #GeorgeWashington #Lincoln #MLK
trump did not tweet this
Of course please don't forget that it's not just the hurricane that's evil. There is evil on many sides.
And yet FEMA and NOAA are leaderless! Thank you Donny John!
VERY SOUND AND SANE ADVICE FROM OUR VERY STABLE, BRAVE, AND PATRIOTIC PRESIDENT.
Meaning he didn't write it.  You can easily see when he's tweeting. He's unhinged
Ok, so we get that you're not a fan but try to focus your hate into something that will help the country instead of name calling. 2nd grader
David, Trump name calls on a daily basis. Sad.
So instead of tearing down Trump, let's make changes to build up our country! Too much fighting just to hear ourselves talk!
#StandWithTrump
I think what the American people would like to know and to hear from you is do you have concentration camps under the umbrella of Walmart
Yep, cuz just like they pinned Katrina on Bush, they will pin Harvey on you!!! Liberals are losers.
I found it amazing that the MSM were able to have access to the dome during Katrina, but rescue workers didn't. Still can't understand that
Exactly! In FL we are thought how to handle hurricanes, have enough supplies to last 3-4 days, don't expect Governments help. Simple!
I was in Florida during a hurricane in 1984 or 85, forget exactly which year, but they had pamphlets in all stores w/ information on WTD.
Yep, they are pros & expect people to obey orders, if not you're on your own. I went thru Andrew, 165mph winds, it was like a sandblaster.
Wow, Andrew was bad! I wasn't living there during that time period. Things can be replaced but lives can't. They need 2 evacuate when told
Yes, exactly.
