Oh boy. "..." time.
Wow, FBI confirms report that Golfing Donald colluded with Russia  and that Manafort is set to spill all the beans to save himself.
FEMA confirms report that the Dotard does't really care about Puerto Rico.
The American people confirm reports that we have no President.
Rex Tillerson confirms report that Trump is a moron.
"..." confirms report that Trump is in the middle of a big poop, so stay tuned for his next thought.
The Russians compromised the integrity of our elections. Even Trump should be concerned about this.
We deserve a president who values and strengthens our democracy
Go back to bed
We all have been able to confirm that you obstructed justice by firing Comey.
She was innocent. Therefore there was nothing wrong with his actions.
When will you go a week without tweeting about Hillary???  Asking for a friend.
You do realize that your obsession over Hillary proves your insanity, right?
This is actually normal practice. Ask any agent. Oh no, you fired them all.
Trying to steer away from the fact that you were rude again to another military family? There’s a difference between war heroes & deferments
BOOM!
Where have you been? Wasnt this in the news about five months ago?
You're like the kindergarten bully who wants to be more like the kid that he picks on, so he just keeps picking on him over and over again.
Just give up on Hillary already. The election is over and she has no influence over you. Or wait a minute, maybe she does!
Apparently you can't handle strong women.  Hillary is a stronger person than you will ever be!
I know one thing. I would much rather have Hillary leading this country and building a future for my children than you, who doesn't care one bit about what the future on this planet looks like
Trump's constant assaults on women need to stop immediately...
You can’t let the swamp win. We’re counting on you! 
Comey, Lynch, Hillary, Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, Susan Rice, Powers, etc. It’s time for AG Sessions to start taking action!!
Just your daily reminder! #MAGA
#LockHerUp
This is the scene you're more likely to see.
Hillary going to jail. Fools still think our President did anything. Mueller, Odumbass, Lynch all headed to court for corruption
James Comey literally protected everybody.
Ratcliffe knew this.
James Comey and Loretta Lynch had zero intent to prosecute #CrookedHillary
James Comey leaked memos through his friend Daniel Richmond AFTER he was fired, to the failing #NYTimes
Loretta Lynch was firm in her decision not to call an investigation, an investigation, but call it a MATTER
The FBI will release Huma Abedin emails from Anthony Weiner, before the end of the year.
.@JaySekulow made a very good point back in in the beginning of September. Comey was GOING to exonerate Hillary.
There has been a fact pattern here that's been ignored by the main stream media.
Listen to #CrookedHillary in her own words.
Blames everyone for her own failures.

#Unforgettable birthday
gift from a #father while
he was at basic training
at @FortJacksonPAO 

…

Only in USA can a black
kid who was dumped by
a black father get raised
by whites, become #rich…

Antifa thugs now think
that having to pay rent
is theft:  #Antifa …

Thank you Mr. President.

Keep up the great work.

…

 And when thousands
of black people are killed
in #Chicago, #Baltimore,
#StLouis and other liberal…

law enforcement officer
or @NFL football player.
Your choice...

…

Maybe it's time to install
 When touched you are
Electric Shocked   …

The Clinton Foundation had
a simple #business #model.
Trading #government favors
for #cash was their specialty 
Trump did say he would release tax returns when Crooked Hillary releases the emails
And you believed him.
I trust President Trump over a crooked career politician like Hillary
Your behavior today is the news story everyone will be talking about.

It’s time to #resign. You’re a wreck as President, and that’s becoming clear to more and more people.
Enough with the attacks on women, people of color, and our Constitution.  Enough with the nuclear war threats.
Enough with the efforts to erase President Obama from history.
Go away.
Far, far away.....never to be heard from again
Like Mars, on a one way ticket..
You need to check yourself. Your not doing your job and no one cares what you think. It is a shame I voted for you. Sad
He made it perfectly clear what kind of person he was on the campaign trail.
Ditto! He was the very same person during the campaign as he is now!
The buyer’s remorse seems hollow. Everyone has known how he is for decades. Decades. He’s exactly how everyone knew he would be.
MANY ARE SAYING WORST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME! WHO AGREES?!
travis i've told you i agree, please stop asking this.
I just feel I need to remind him daily since he apparently has short term memory problems. But I’ll come up with some new material thnks fam
big ups to you, fam keep it 
If DOJ/FBI don't start pursuing the obvious crimes of Clinton Foundation & Obama cronies I will permanently lose faith in our Government
They are part of the corruption.
I agree Lynn, but if Trump with a republican house and senate can't root out democrat criminal cronies from DOJ/FBI then all is lost.
You see how that's going so far. I believe Isis &/ or  CIA are connected to the Vegas shooter.  Now persons of interest gone missing?!
I don't believe CIA is connected to Shooter.  But how can the govt tells us day ONE its not Terror related but weeks later have no motive?
Because it's a part of our govt that tries to push certain agendas 24/7/365 & it's causing people like us to lose trust in them completely.


And you cannot change he narrative this time...what you did was to egregious.
He makes me sick.
Yes but I also think this will cause his crazy ass base to shift away.
FBI confirmed Russia helped you win the election
Donald Trump is toast. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-dossier/trump-dossier-on-russia-links-now-part-of-special-counsels-probe-sources-idUSKBN1C92WN …
Mueller is gonna make Paul Manafort squeak like a pig. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/manafort-offered-to-give-russian-billionaire-private-briefings-on-2016-campaign/2017/09/20/399bba1a-9d48-11e7-8ea1-ed975285475e_story.html?utm_term=.7024f1428566 …
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/08/paul-manafort-resigns-from-trump-campaign-227197 … He Resigned. Trump didn't fire him.
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
You are still obsessing over her.

Because you're going to get impeached.
You did a lot of damage to your country's image
You are serving countries that sponsor terror while banning access of refugees they create
There is also an ongoing investigation for you to distract from by all means possible
He is a traitor to America
nope. But you will be able to visit your dear leader and his whole crew there soon!
Fo u know anything about the law? It's actually methodical & already happening #flynn #manafort
Just want to remind you, you originally claimed to be firing Comey for being unfair to Hillary. Maybe get your story straight? We can wait.
Oops I forgot, you’ll say or do anything to butter up your base. Like yesterday when you pretended to be religious. Funny stuff, chief.

#LockHerUp
let's see- Hillary took donations from an unknown (2her) sexual predator-& you actually put one in the White House.

Agent Orange knows that some Mueller news is about to drop. Indictments coming for Flynn & Manafort I’ll bet!
LOCK HER UP !!
lol. You nailed it, Dab. lmao.
Lol soooo to you libs this isn't nothing.? FBI proved Comey helped the bitch and they PROVED that she took money from Russia but nothing..??
Has it occurred to you that even if Hillary was guilty, that does not exonerate Trump? Why do you believe the FBI now?
Cause you libs pick and choose if Trump is guilty lock his ass up also BUT after all this time and still NO evidence lol
Let me know next time Mueller personally updates you with his progress.
WOW! It's not unusual to start putting together results of the investigation together into a draft report. I guess you've never written one.
In fact, Mueller probably has a working draft of a letter about you and his investigation.
And, WOW, what's going on that you're bringing up this old nothing burger?

The best President America has ever seen. The best President America will ever see. A President placed in power by God Almighty, the creator

Wow, FBI didn’t say that and they are still investigating you for treason.
We see you shill
Bahahaha, Vlad’s script is tired. Tell him to update it. We’re bored.
The same vlad that bribed the clintons for uranium?
That never happened...
Oh?

Hey I found collusion!
Saudi aggression creates new mass murder against #Yemen children in #Hudaydah, Jiblah #SaudiBombsChildren
UN eyes are blinded when it comes 2 #Yemen children blood,but it sees #Saudi money very clearly #SaudiBombsChildren

No one with a brain believes a word you say
According to me, this tweet might match this one from November 2013: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/406916111574503424 …
Doesn't match hater
Your obsession with Clinton and Obama show you're the worst kind of narcissist—nervous. You must destroy all who won't worship you. Pathetic
These @GOP Freaks Have Spent 2 DECADES & TENS of MILLIONS OF AMERICANS TAX DOLLARS, TRYING TO FRAME THE CLINTONS, TO NO AVAIL! #TrumpRussia
well played Mr Trump, well played.
Never, ever pull your false patriotism routine. You're a traitor, a draft dodger, a monster  Fear for republic. #HeKnewWhatHeSignedUpFor

No idea how he sells being human, let alone a leader. A nation of gullible fools.
Hillary Clinton:
You’re the obssessed one , look at your bio

Talk about collusion
Mueller must resign. All over Clinton Russia uranium deal/ bribe
This is what a guilty person tweets to try to cover up guilt.
what is he cover up? Why do you over look obamas and Hillary crime?
Hello Russian bot, nice to meet you. I'd recommend working on your grammar to fit in better.
I do see my grammar is awful, so that makes me a bot but you still haven't answered the question?

Someone had better tell Jeff Sessions what his job as AG is, since he doesn't seem to know.
You have lost all creditibility.  RESIGN!
you can not escape what you did yesterday. We won't let you.
Are you jealous you won’t be getting the same such letter?
That was already discussed and explained by real news outlets....which probably explains why it’s news to you now....months later
Hillary was innocent, which is why Comey exonerated her. You are under investigation.
The Hypocrisy of the Lib Dem including the so call Russia Conclusion by Mueller, time to take down these Traitors, Congress has Failed!
We must send an open letter to Trump&Sessions.No one is above the law no matter how powerful or rich.If they R not prosecuted why have law?
That’s a great question.We did elect officials to represent us(laughable).They don’t live up to their http://promises.Next  election!
Some soldiers died this month, under your watch. That's more important - how and why?
We'll see if the R's treat this like they handled Benghazi. Just kidding,  we all know better.
Trump's law...

Try to keep up, and try not to get all your news from snopes.
I'll bet Obama put him up to it. We need to explore this.


.@realDonaldTrump YOU LOST POPULAR, E.
Comey tried hard to get Hillary elected. None of this seems shocking. The fact they have gotten away with so much is disturbing, however.
DOJ needs to step in and take control of this criminal administration of Obama’s. Indict them tell Jeff to go to work
So now that we know this....will Hillary be held accountable for the ILLEGAL server. No intent?  BULL.
Where are the prosecutions?  These people need to pay they are nit above the law. @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @SenJohnMcCain @georgesoros
#LockHerUp
@JerseyDan67 Exactly! Can't wait to see what God's gonna do to these Satan Worshipers! Eternal Hell,feel Every Second!#MAGA
& why @jeffsessions recused himself-all pre-planned-outrageous!
When asked,@jeffsessions said it was #Rosenstein's decision 2 recuse himself-but was that the case w/him-or was he told 2 by #DeepState
@POTUS is our only hope to defeat #DeepState & establishment puppets of
Not easy, but "WE" will #MAGA together
Mr President please Lock he up!
I'm glad the real truth is coming out, thank you President Trump!
We Love you President Mr.Trump
Mr Pres make your AG to reel in these swamp creatures! Rose stein cannot investigate himself! Mueller has to go after latest news!
WILL YOU PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT?!!’  no good complaining about it if you don’t. These people need to be held accountable sir. PLEASE!!!!!!
Gaslight, blah bla blah , divert, blah, blah, blah... Gaslight .. #TrumpRussia #RESIGN #25thAmemdmentNow #Impeach
Stay strong sir! The Media sucks
I won't believe there is justice 4 ALL until Hillary, Obama & his administration is locked up with a long sentence & NO pardons Just saying
I agree the swamp is running over.  Guilty should pay for their crimes
Leave Hillary Clinton alone and face how to unity Americans together,, blame people or talk about past can't solve issue that is a failure.!
Wow. You're an idiot. I'm sorry. You're a moron.
So now you're calling Trump a moron and an idiot too cool glad I'm not the only one he is a moron
The moroniest!
taking things out of context a draft of a letter can exist for a long time knowing that eventually it would be delivered
Both Comey and HRC should be in jail. Also WJC and BHO
Why isn't Sessions doing something..
Glad you caught on! I wrote this on your wall 2 months ago!
..... And no charges filed against Comey, H. Clinton, Learner, Lynch, Rice, etc....  What happened to 'equal justice under the law'???
And all the media is talking about is you calling to comfort a widow & twisting your words instead of what we learned about on Hannity 10/17
You won't be so lucky because you're guilty-investigation ongoing.  #Comey
I can’t stand her and was Never ever with her. She’s a disgrace to us women
Why aren't these lying criminals in prison? Geez Louise!
Lock them all up!!
Obama expected Clinton to win. A lot of $$$ floating around on the anticipation of continuing to rob the coffers until they bankrupt the US. They were orchestrating a coup. That's why they're hiding evidence. All or most Dems and some Republicans in on it.
Every time you tweet about Hillary you look more and more like a fool. The election was almost a year ago! Stop it already!
Time @jeffsessions opens up investigation into Hillary, Russia & Obama Uriuam deal. Along with special council for Comey. I'm mad this isn't
If not you should release all criminals from jail then so you wont be a hypocrite
Please quit tweeting.
Ahmmm
They’re trying to get rid of President Trump so he can’t drain the Clinton/Obama/Comey swamp.  Lock them up!!!
PROSECUTE HER!!
Sir, you need to get caught up.., I mean briefed by @GeorgWebb
Wow. How are you still POTUS?! MOVE ON ALREADY and start doing your job (it’s the POTUS btw, which includes US territories, too).
And look who is talking...Crooked Trump....
Focus on running the country, not someone you fired
Thought 15 Benghazi inquisitions did that
Be a President; not a Baby 
Reinvestigate 9/11 and become the worlds hero, bring Bush to justice and become a figure of historical importance. Only you can do this
With all due respect @POTUS tweeting means nothing if no one goes to jail!!!
I just drafted a memo stating I was a millionaire and President of the Virgin Islands. This must be true now. #DumpTrump
wow, congrats on the election victory, jon!
Thanks! It has been a tough election.
Why don't you talk about Jared Kushner's use of private emails for government business?
He wasn’t running for president Justin, she was. She’s a filthy, murderous liar.
Hillary was on Obama's cabinet  when it happened, Kushner is on Trump's, what's the difference? The difference is nobody is talking about it
Oh trust me if there is anything to it the lame stream media will scream it from the roof tops.
I'm not saying she didn't do anything wrong all I'm saying is he should be held at the same regard as Hillary was during the election
Not surprised
USA deserves the truth about Crooked Hillary Clinton! #MAGA
So...can you please instruct your Justice Department to take them and their cronies down?
Where is our new DOJ
So sick of hearing about “crooked Hilary”. You are the president. Maybe try acting like it instead of a teenager
Shameful!!  We the people want justice for our nation and Comey, Hillary and Obama are a Great place to start that justice process!!
lock her up. And comey too
Why are you so surprised Con Man? As the biggest Liar to sit in the Oval Office  I'm shocked you are surprised. Everyone knows the Con you R
When is the spineless AG and corrupt @Fbi going to enforce the laws?! The ppl are getting tired of this 2 tier justice system!
We knew he is as corrupt as corrupt can get Now the real question is what did they do to blackmail him?Its time to bring them all to justice
IN YOUR LANGUAGE "Donald Trump is bad, very bad, he's THE WORSE President of any, he's so bad, I mean he is the very worse."
Just more corruption under Prez Oblabla & company.
PRES. D.TRUMP IS RIGHT........PRES.TRUMP  KICK  A++     !!!
Fake news #jokepresident

Come on doland have a war with koren @saqivirk55 @malikhamid91 @AliAwanNain @UmarAwaan19
No one is drafting a letter exonerating you for Russia collusion. #Treason #bigot #crybaby #pussygrabber #LiarInChief #whiner #impeachtrump
How’s your wife anti cyber bullying campaign going?  When she can’t even get her own husband to stop bullying and calling people names
Hi Trump
Just warning you and no this is not a threat. Ok I just wanted you to know.
WOW #DontheCon is tweeting about HRC yet again. Don't you have actual WORK to do? You seem to have so much time on your hands for tweeting
PLEASE READ @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions
BOMBSHELL: Robert Mueller Invested In Hedge Funds Linked to Russia and George Soros http://offendedamerica.com/robert-mueller-invested-hedge-funds-linked-russia-george-soros/ …
God man, let it go already!
Go get em all!
Seems like FBI and DOJ have double standards and can't blame just on Agent Orange. More like smoked alot of paraquat
Is that like the letter, er, lie, you drafted on AF1, exonerating DT Jr when he met to collude with Russians?
#LockHerUp!  

#MAGA!

Real people knew this
#Fake Fox News the only person Comey help was Donald J Trump not Hillary Clinton
@benshapiro Because She Is Innocent!  And you are a crook which is proven by all the people you cheated in business.
can't wait for the letter convicting your lies and corruption for your financial Gain.  BUT you knew what you were getting into!
Was it finalized and signed? Maybe it got lost in the mail with the letters you “drafted” for those families whose loved one were KIA.
@jeffsessions @attorneygeneral @HillaryClinton @FBI @SenateGOP @SenateDems @chuckschumer @SpeakerRyan @PRyan Arrest CLINTON, OBAMA, COMEY, LYNCH, & SUSAN POWERS. EQUAL UNDER THE LAW? PROVE IT. 
Is this the same FBI you’ve been trashing?
James Comey seemed to make decisions based on his need to be in the spotlight, and for attention!
When is crooked Hillary Clinton and Obama the Muslim going to be put in jail for life no bail and no parole
More deflection!
Ah yes. Keep hating on Hillary. It will help you become president...oh wait #LetItGoYouIdiot
Your crooked to deal with it
US Uranium shameful... will msm and the fbi do a year investigation and character smears like the Trump? Think not...
Is anyone surprised?
Let's ask Sessions some questions. Don't distract us
Sooooo, now what? All kinds of proof yet no action. Put up or shut up, PLEASE!!!
Good thing Comey was FIRED!
Those with low IQ's hate Trump! Shame,,,,
The two must be judged killary and comey
Women threaten you. #impeach
Swamp will now Drain we the people and senator Grassley open a look see  and the Greatest scandal in USA history   See you later swamp
James Coney loves being up hillarys ass..
Where was he arrested? And When?
How he feels rn..
A bunch of people should be locked up. He's one of them. The Russian collusion was started by Hillary, Obama and Eric Holder. Not by Trump!
Mr. President please get these people and put them away make examples of them for the security and integrity of us
It’s a shame he didn’t draft a letter to investigate you for treason. You Russian sympathizer. #sad #vladsboy
yes and who except poor will pay nations debt including the funds taken from SOC SEC.
Yes, Mr President...will something b done about it??  U & urs doing GREAT job..will these slime go down?? We out here hoping 4 more results
