
We are paying you to work for us. Do some work.
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!...
Amazing how the pro Trump people are decent pro Christian anti Communist upstanding citizens and the anti Trump nincompoops are al Atheist Communist/socialist unemployed anarchist.
75 in Wichita, Kansas
Home of Koch Industries 
Population several hundred thousand
I appreciate you to all that you are doing at Jerusalem
Thank you from NS and CSX Transportation railroads for putting Obamas war on Coal and Railroads and Trucking behind us.
Good

We need a Trump rally in Rochester.
I said this just the other day though I also said I'd be worried that too many Republicans are in the closet and would be too shy to attend!
He had a great turnout at his last rally in Rochester. I think he would get even more people to show up.
Oh I missed your meaning! I thought you meant just a rally organized by supporters rather than one where the President attends. 

.@realDonaldTrump Oh, honey. I'm glad all the silly cheering is helping you cope emotionally with your horrible legislative setback!
.@realDonaldTrump But remember, Donald: The more you need the people to cheer, the more history will jeer.
Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump !!!!
TRUMP! is insecure TRUMP! Is entitled TRUMP! lacks the emotional and intellectually capacity to govern TRUMP!
If you're a insecure  liberal woman. Then you have a problem with Trump. Strong real women love POTUS #MAGA


I voted for Trump but it turns out he is a scam artist and liar who can't govern. God help us.
@MelissaJPeltier @idotwitt @realDonaldTrump these are not real.
She usually vets them better.
Only reason I said that is bc most had 2 or 3 followers only.So some are real?
Many.  She used to vet them @Trump_Regrets
I mean no one can truly claim they were surprised by Trumps con
Oh yes they can and do.  Read the TL.  People each complaining about vastly diff things - they all heard what they wanted to hear.
infuriating, on so many levels.
@realDonaldTrump You already are making it great again! Very pleased with the work your doing!
Rallies? where? Oh that's right I did see 2 guys guzzling beer in a pick-up truck w/ 'Vote Trump'; sign on the tailgate ;}
.......and still waiting. and why are you still campaigning. Why don't you actually just do your job.
GET BEHIND YOUR DESK AND WORK
You don't need rallies that WE PAY FOR
Act like a man
Act like a president or GET OUT.
thin skinned, "they like me! They really really like me"...  Keep patting yourself on the back while your numbers fall 
thank you my president! Change this country 
maybe you should understand what your job is supposed to be.  Understand your target and not bomb indiscriminatel!
is Ivanka screening your tweets now that you've been put in Twitter timeout? That's her job right Don? #nepotism
You mean the fights, bloodshed, violence YOU HAVE CAUSED since you've been in office.... Good job, Bumblefuck!
trying to get your confidence up after the embarrassing inauguration crowd I see..
This is great news! Make America Great Again?! This of course means you're leaving. So, what country are you moving to?!
Yes all two of them enjoyed themselves...but they're wondering..check in the mail ???  
Pres. Trump, 4-3-17 Harris Co. & the great State of Texas lost a true hero. Chief Clint Greenwood was murdered in front of the courthouse
Are you hallucinting again?
Your supporters are your only allies. Never give in to Dems or #swamp whose mission is for you to fail. Trust your voters!
get rid of colmy clean out the obama brotherhood state dept
: Paul Ryan is playing both sides and can't be trusted! He really need to be removed and replaced!
You mean "thank you?"
So why are you afraid to throw out the first pitch? Because it's an honest, unscreened crowd?
Bellevue is calling you!

saved!
Pitiful, tiny turnouts. Like your parade in Jan.
Must regain control of the agenda. Infrastructure spending kills tax cuts. Government cuts pay for infrastructure.
We love and appreciate you so much. Thank you for doing and putting up with stuff you don't need it.
still waiting.
i been waiting, for a girl like you, to come into my life
Presidents.  Do. Not. Hold. Rallies.
Please define 'great' and please define 'again'. #TheResistance #FactCheck #FireTheFool #TraitorInChief #donthecon
AMERICA IS GREAT! YOU ARE SHIT
The greatest thing you could ever do for our country would be to resign.
are we tired of so much winning yet? #LameDuckPrez
#MakeAmericaWokeAgain
more Trump rallied less brutally by crazed biased Dems & liberals. Police protection. Shut down liberal gatherings
America will be great again when they LOCK YOU UP!!!
You need your #Trumpanzees to validate you at your "Victory Rallies,"  since nobody else will... sad
the man
Off topic but why do we have radical Islamist training camps in our country? Bad news. Much love your way! Great job you do
Says the traitor who thinks America isn't great.
spam spam spam spam
PLEASE, start with health care and don't just let obama care explode! Millions of Americans who voted for you will be hurt!
We will, but not until we drain the swamp.  So we'll have to just wait until you're gone. Because buddy, you're the swamp.
What ? Maybe 200 ppl in the whole US
why don't you travel outside the USA instead of sending surrogates??
you're such an embarrassment.
We the People are behind you and got your back 100 percent!!! That's the fear of the Democrats!! They are losing control!!
why do you need rallies?
it's already great! Obama already fixed it
why do you still hold political rallies? You won. Get to work and stop fucking around
only if our President stops personal  vendetta s and starts being the President he promised. Unite not divide
Comey had a obligation as a law enforcement person to report  obstruction which is a crime immediately.
Make animal abuse a felony.    Don't kill@hibernating bears.
Stop lying.
, Can we start by at least talking about the white supremacist that killed a 66yo. Black man right here in America?
Your supporters can't even read let alone tweet. Why bother thanking the 10 people who showed up?
idiot
let's start a civil war.
really? I wasnt aware of any...
all tens of people showed up!! Or in your view "1.5 million people" #AlternativeFacts
Why do you need #rallies? You won the presidency. Now - get to working for ALL of the American People!
#GrowUpTrump
they are not for YOU they dont like you
We will always have ur back Mr. President!
Yes we will, in 4 years
When you won the election months ago but still have no idea how to be president so you go back to campaigning
we never want to see in this country. Although it's happening. I'm not advocating it. I'm predicting it. Suicidle leftists
You're making (half of) America stupid again.
why does a president need rallies to boost his ego? Pathetic. Stop golfing, learn to read, & do some work already #trump
when you are impeached and all the clowns go back to the Tower...
America will be great after your impeachment.  You're only capable of running it into the ground.  #Trumprussia #russiagate
you suckkkkkk
I have to disagree, Trump.
Maybe send a couple billion $ to Africa? 
 Get your status up. 
I'll only like you if u do it^

What a slap in the face the dumbcrats got with their so called biggest state Holding maga rally for you! MANY FLAGS for you
your world is so fictional that even the Easter Bunny wonders, WTF?
Good luck with that.  Make America intelligent or at least smart again.

make America great again, get lost!
All the Nuremberg rallies in the world is not going to save you.  #abjectdisaster #fauxpresident #resist #notmypresident
How? By building walls in a land built established on the sufferings and enslavement of others?  hehe, great!!!
are you sure Paul Ryan understands?
all you have to do is resign and America will be great again
Get busy and work the establishment hard and earn their money every day until they get tired and say ok
There were none where I live in Peoria IL. Thank GOD
oh you mean the whole 10 people that showed up across the country lol
U outta ur fuckin mind??!!!!!
Make America Violent again. You want another civil war! The US is the laughing stock of the entire world now.
you can't even make complete sentences when you talk, so stop, go back to bed.
mein pres I don't care how hard you try as long as your around America doesn't stand a chance
America was GREAT before you and will recover and be great after you but not now.  You are an embarrassment.
We know you are flying solo in DC but U got us wingmen close by. U are dropping bombs and taking flack.We got your back!
Why you no haz general admission rally?
- I think you've got "rallies" going on in your head.

why the fuck are you still doing rallies ?????
America had to be great a first time in order to use the qualifier "again"
the # of protestors around your "rallies" outnumber those who still show up! People like to rubberneck accidents!
you are biggest accident in history!!!
what support you're at 35% ! No one likes you and you whole family in the White House is against the nepotism rules!
Remember when you used to complain about Obama's golfing?  You trying to outgolf him?  #Hypocrite
You MUST have those automatic Twitter bots that gives fake likes cuz there is NO WAY that many people support you!
YES!! The real America will! Will the REAL AMERICA PELASE STAND UP ?!  We salute you President Trump! Our Commander & Chief
the dozens of supporters haven't come down from their meth highs yet!
it's time to undo the ban on cigarette ads or put the same ban on alcohol ads
Why the trump rallies?  What are you raising money for? Pay attention and be more thorough in your JOB and stop with the ego crap
Please, Mr. President.  We're sick of all the winning you promised!
so many who still think The Apprentice show never stopped.
I like your ralleys they get the real news out there...
yes we will and that starts with your impeachment, then your jail sentence #resist #Trumprussia #selfishprickaward
#MAGA by moving to Russia #Treason #Trumprussia #biggestloser #theyallmustgo #Trumprussia #Trumprussia
Stop these weekend getaways and America will reduce the deficit greatly. Wasting taxpayer dollars for your own greed.
Stop having your ego caressed & idk, actually do smth to MAGA.  ATT this is the 1920-30s somewhere else all over again.
.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6LyeLnSj4k&feature=youtu.be …
where are your tax returns
@potus  what happened to being pres for all americans? open up your public appearances to all americansl!
stop wasting our money in these events . This is ridiculous and makes you look like the brown shirt nazis if 1930's stupid
stand strong and proceed Mr. President your supporters are behind you 100%!!  #MAGA
i'm confused. didn't you already win?
it was already great. Your are turning the US into a worldwide  laughing stock with your dimwitted attempt at government.
@realmagagirl We need the Republican party to get behind our President or leave!
Seriously d way I see it now The ONLY thing D Trump will eventually make great again is B OBAMA and The DEMOCRATIC PARTY!!!
you're President - why are you having "Trump Rallies" you psychotic narcissist?   MAKE AMERICA REGRET AGAIN!
We are hungry for results of the new administration, our administration, not administration of the thieves in Washington.
People will realise true meaning of your slogan after 4 years, I'll give you that
So many people are disappointed in you. The number is yuuuuge. All the rallies in the world won't change that.
Making America White Again.  Screw it.
King Trumpf America Will be Great Again when you leave office... You are dragging the country down..
Yeah, I saw the photos. Pretty underwhelming. America hates you. Move to Moscow!
get rid of Comey
and those lovely haters beating up anti-Trump demonstrators in @huntingtonbeach #deplorables
yjskljsfdlkfj
donny, you're fucking it up
what trump rallies?  Those were rallies?  Oh goodness, are we going to have a crowd fight again?
You are the man that can make it better again american's put trust in you the man of a national
What all 100 idiots? some rally
real America will be great when Donnie boy leaves
Hey Chump, your lies are not working.  We can see right through you...

America WAS great b4 YOU came along. Now we are the laughing stock of the world! We have a "president" with dementia!
your avarice will destroy America, never make it great. You're a fool in the eyes of the world. #NeverMyPresident
Tbh @realdonaldtrump, the only way to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN is by getting your orange ass out of the White House 
Indeed. By inciting an army of activists to fight your ignorance and hatred, the US is becoming more unified than ever b-4.
Sir its been long overdue for someone to look at the criminal VA. They have been cheating us combat vets. 50% rating 25% pay. They keep $$$$
