
Did you make this on Movie Maker
Sorry, that’s an insult to Movie Maker
@realDonaldTrump Mr POTUS.  You need to reconsider Comey as head of FBI...I don't trust him and my intuition tells me he is not honest.
Eld mandate sucks. I'm running one and it's crap
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/M1veooV...
All photo ops!
WRONG!
Check ego at door! Listen to as many people as you can on the "right thing to do" - it still exists! <3
Voted for you. Please don't lose sight of us. I'm not here to get rich as a Gov Contractor. For the love of country!
Volpe Contractor for FMCSA-Please support this sector! Innovation is key and US would come to a halt without our truckers!
Me being a trucker I am so happy to see you take an interest in this industry
You 're very initiative this problem
s
ße
Representing a big part of America
@Veteran4Trump 

Yes PRES truckers are great guys around hereAPAtrucking companies with good unions illegals broke!!!
LOVE THIS 
What? Not out golfing on a Friday, or fundraising like OhBUMMER?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Nope.  This man IS a PRESIDENT!!!!
Truckers move the country
Ok Donald, you have 2Choices, Remember the Ppl who Voted u in make it Unanimous , Sheriff Clark or Goudy, Take your PICK Times a wasting ,
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
were they carrying the material to build the wall?
Im a truck driver and I'm really happy to see the president take an interest in our business. Very exciting.
I just want to say thank you and I am praying for our country and you.
Without truckers we wouldn't have anything in our stores and homes God bless them keep them safe
Well done Donald
I would be embarrassed if you were my father, husband, cousin, uncle, brother.  You are just plain old weird.
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Seems to me , you are wising up on the world stage, I can respect that.
Awesome that our POTUS is down to Earth. Thank you for being real.
Trump's the man to get it done
I always that there was incest in that relationship
To tell them that their jobs will disappear!!
Grow up, please.  You're an embarrassment.
on visit with China's President , please ask China to open her borders on rice. Rice Growers Assoc
Delirium tremens (DTs) is a rapid onset of confusion. People may also see or hear things other people do not.

Ok.  Now I get it.

#MAGGOTS
Really?  What are you five?
Just another grandstanding meeting and photo-op!
STICK TO TRUCK DRIVING, IT SUITS YOU. YOU HAVE THE "LOOK"
#Trump..............
#USA USA.........
#wailcom..........
Seriously I bet there was no truckers there, since they r all in Teamsters Union. And u hate Unions
Lair
u would've honored American pple if u were 2 spend your time learning about legislative process rather than taking part in puerile photo ops
I'm jealous. I would love to have @POTUS at one of my job sites. I'm just a roofer but what an honor it would be to have him there.
Haha love this Mr. Prez!
@DavidFlips he's awesome
U do realize that you just revealed your true toddler nature, again, don't u?
trucking industry is the heart of the us economy. Better heart healthier recovery
stand up teacher of teachers union stop teaching progressive communist socialist junk 2 our children stand firm
right on the teamsters & uaw need your help potus together let's make America great again u & we legal people
Now if we could get rid of the millions of regulations n DOT OFFICERS the truckers might actually get to do their job
And what are you doing for the retirees that will lose their pensions in 8 years?
Too bad their jobs will be automated ina few years. What are you doing about that? #AlternativeFacts
Odd you claim to support truckers when your Supreme Court nom would sooner let one freeze to death. Sad!
haha  selfie!!!!!!!
yea!!!
you know what they say about truckers.
"She is a slob and she talks like a truck driver"
True American Patriot, "God Bless America"
It's a Trump convoy.
Drove one for 32 yrs. took its toll on my body. Now on disability headed for poverty. Thanx America!
Did you have fun playing in the truck like a toddler?
slideshow looks fairly similar to the ones I did back in High School. #MAGA
My husbands a trucker and ashamed of you as #POTUS
I saw. I do the card tune-ups and help transact freedom on 18 wheels
Honk, honk. Time to retire and golf as much as you want.
Thank you Mr. President ! The Regulations set by the Obama Administration has crushed the Industry.
if they met with u, then they better get ready to get screwed. u have done it to every group u have met with...
that why you picked a justice that is okay with a man freezing to death to deliver dead frozen meat?
go drive truck please. Save our nation by leaving the White House. Russian Nesting Doll you!
Thank you president trump my dad had been a truck driver for almost 30 years till Dad got cancer in2001.
@edwinandylugo @WhiteHouse instead of watching his health bill die
This is all good as long as you keep us out of war..bring our troops home.
you looked so ridiculous in the truck....we all got agreat laugh on that one.... ;))))))
or Chinese!
Support our truckers!  Bring back American food!  Raised, processed and sold in America! We don't want Mexican
Thank you for working so hard for us.
Thank You Mr. Trump for honoring the most important industry in America #Trucking !
.@realDonaldTrump ensures President and trucking industry remain connected
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/845037368386207746 …
@WhiteHouse
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! 
please look in2 taxation of Social S benefits bcuz  wife made 40 thou last yr l have 2 pay tax on 85% not fair
how much Russian cash flowed in2 Clintons foundation during campaign /C which if her surrogates spoke2 Russians
Goid to see truckers in WH

Your voice needs to be trucked out. #goaway
I LOVE this video!!
NO MORE Canadian/Mexican Trucks on US Highways. They sell out cheap & end up taking the money back elsewhere.
Did Donnie-Wonnie get to play "big trucks" today?   Such a good boy.   Yes he is!   Oh yes he is!
My husband is an OTR driver who is gone almost  2 was @ a time and runs hard. He gets sick to his stomach w/..
small paychecks while the owner seems to line his pocket. We've never been able to have a savings account cont
because we never have money left after bills and what groceries we can afford. Truckers need help!
I hope that better days are in your future.  WBM.
thanks, me too
It is another day.  Now to figure out what I am going to do today.  This being retired is somewhat boring at times.
find a hobby or volunteer somewhere
Cannot volunteer or work as part of my get lost package.  May of next year I can.  Hobbies are golf and hockey are my joys.
when do you plan to talk to truck drivers who actually do the job, and not these corporate asshats?
I agree. Being gone almost 2 was @ a time and barely being able to make ends meet while cont.
the owners line their pockets.
Obama told gov brewer fed law supercedes state law on immigration how can sheriff in travis County tx defy feds
IMA BIG BOY DERRRR FART HONK HONK
playing with Tonka trucks to avoid DOA of your bill for Healthcare #aca #trumpcare #artofthedeal #winning #not

Here's the real story: Please vote and retweet so we can find a est average so obama can be served the debt bill  https://twitter.com/edgecrusher23/status/846861573738151936 …
you probably know as much about driving one of those things than you do running our country. You're bad for 
The trucks are beginning to drive themselves. You failed.
he reaches out 2 t ppl
how special~they let u toot the horn~Usually u r tooting your own~RU adding that 2 your list of accomplishments
Did u fire the WH barber? Ur hair looks like shit everytime ur on TV. Get a haircut and a suit that fits!
u make the white house whiter than it already is
you say that as if it's a bad thing
, at age 54 I am going to go to truck driving school to earn my CDL. I am looking forward to it.
my only regret is you weren't getting on the truck to leave ... #sosad
Awsome
My grandpa was a trucker and would be fucking horrified by the fact that YOURE president
Romans knew how important infrastructure (ROADS) were for all.
BUILT TO LAST!
http://www.history.com/news/history-lists/8-ways-roads-helped-rome-rule-the-ancient-world …
when are you going to talk with drives, not big cat company men.
My Dad was a truck driver a patriot. He would have loved you.
you are so GREAT!  Making more and more and mor jobs!
Ur nominee, Gorsuch hates truckers.
:You'd have been laughed out at any truck stop or be giving blow jobs out back!
At least they'd be jobs!
. How it going to benefit you????
they'll be out of jobs in 5 years
Ill bet those truckers just LOVE you!
Just dont dont tell them what Gorsuch did to a fellow truck driver.
#Goofy
Vroom vroom watch me go! You missed your calling.
.@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse #Trump pretending to be an 'every man' might be even more offensive than him pretending to be religious
GUESS WHT DT?MOST OF USA R TEA PARTIERS/ FC:U DISSED WRONG PEOPLE:STOP YR SHT&GET CONSERVTV EDUCATN OR FAIL US!
Probably invited them to run over a few Freedom Caucus types. #TFT
GREAT @ASavageNation @SavageNation TRUCKERS LISTEN 2TALK RADIO ALL HRS! PROMOTE SAVAGE&RUSH & @marklevinshow
And you got to play in the big black trucky.
You don't know dangerous jobs. You don't know work. FORGET work ETHIC or legalities.
Beep Beep. Did u have fun tooting?
Did you tell them half will lose their jobs to automation?
saw you got to sit in a big truck! How special
If you use it, a trucker brought it.
did the truckers tell you where to pick up some fine crank and some skeegy truckstop prostitutes?
I wish I was there as a woman owner operator of a small business
While u we're playing with trucks ur people we're trying to get ur disastrous bill through. #TrumpIsAMoron #TonkaTrump

Is that truckers? Or Suckers!
perhaps you should have invited the "frozen" trucker.
Does anything look more awkward than old fat man in a bad suit pretending he's a trucker?
@sevigny_rob @WhiteHouse Please thankMrNunes for showing you the evidence of surveillane.Nunes has been terrific
Without Truck Drivers America comes to an End!
What about all the Russians you have invited into our most private security information. Sounds like Treason!
Now if only we can get them to haul you out of the country...
@WhiteHouseYou have shown that
You are Not a snob-your for the American People.Proud of you. Out Great President.
You're looking good and so full of life! People just like u.  Thank u for all ur good work for us!
