Liar - do not take credit.

Also? #showusyourtaxes 

#TaxMarch #Resistance
Everything & more is avail online at http://fec.gov  His full financial disclosure. Youve been lied to
His full financial disclosure did not include his tax returns, right? And it's in the returns where we'd find loans from Russia etc
But they still scream tax returns bc theyre countin on u ppl being stupid & protesting when the info is online
Here's the end of the piece at the link. (P.s. By "dissembling" they mean "lying.") #showusyourtaxes #ResistTrump
The ones deep in Russian bank connections is Podeata/HRC. Thats why they're spinning this on DT #Wikileaks
You fool that's what Obama has done you can't change an economy like the US in a few months stop taking credit for things you have not done
Obama hasnt done shit but help Soros destroy America. That coward is in hiding or didnt you notice?
Soros is your go to boogyman. And President Obama is taking some well deserved time off.
And you're a loser
Obama grew the government instead of growing the economy.

It's refreshing to know Americans come first again.
Obama accomplished putting foreigners with evil intentions above the citizens who paid for the Invader's entitlements.
Progressives don't like hearing the truth from Trump butt Obama's poll numbers were Faked more than a Susan Rice explanation.
...and you know this to be true because? Hey! Ima dog and I don't know who's a good boy. I do believe your stats are dogwash. Arf man.
I think you've been sniffing a little bit too much butt.
Yeah. What's wrong with that? I'm a friendly dog.
Correction. #FakeJobs by Obama for #FakeEconomics. When jobs are stalled & never filled, they're fake.
I'm sure there was growth w/ all the new security guards needed to guard your family & entire staff! #releaseyourtaxes  #fakepresident
Obama was fake. Clapper had a guy (then killed him before a deposition) to change BOs birth cert &rigged Florida
Omg are you for real? You think Obama killed a guy to forge his birth certificate? Lmao. Got a bridge for you. 
As told by a CIA whistleblower sweety
Thank you for keeping your word and working so hard, completely opposite of prior 8 yrs! #MAGA
Yeah, he's been vacationing roughly 20% of his time in office. Hard worker.
Yet look at all the WORK he has done! More than barry EVER did, unless it was 4 himself and our enemies
He's been dismantling, not creating or building. But go ahead, tweet about a previous president instead of focusing on the topic at hand.
Yes, dismantling is exactly what he needs to do and why we voted for him.
What needed dismantling and why?
DC, too much power and corruption
For far too long!
"Unleash the power"??? Which superhero do you think you are?? Captain Destroy America?? #bringonironman
NYSE was down again today because of your ridiculous inconsistency. DISASTER
Oh yeah, you're all about the money. How much do you expect to make for yourself?
Worst president ever
No that belonged to Barack H. Obama. He was the worse President in the history of our Country.
History is going to disagree with you.
RUSSIA
Is bombing Syria really America first? You can lay that sh*t to rest.
All those jobs 'you' brought in were brought in by Obama. Sad. So sad. You can't be great.
Eliminate H-1b visas to employ out-of-work American STEM workers.
Your right Obama did have things rolling along pretty darn good. Lucky for you.
We're confident now because we have a leader in the White House Trump 2020 DTS
Mr Preeident I need your email address. Thank you. Regard, Agutinus Yolemal Timika West Papua
It's not the job alone but A GOOD PAYING job.
Soaring because Pres. Obama brought us out of a serious recession brought about by GOP and in spite of their then 8 years of obstruction.
Saw where Trump Model Agency went out of business. Just yet another failed, fake Trump "business". Vodka, Steaks, Casinos, Presidency. Sad!
How about specifics on which and what has been unleashed.
Sounds like you've been creating a private sector job for Steve Bannon too - nice one! #maga
you sent a reply to the President's tweet in less than 10 secs. Do you think before tweeting?
obviously. I didn't just write MAGA, did I?
not about the fact that you write...it's whether you think before doing so
I have every confidence I thought more about that than POTUS does about 99% of his tweets
it's obvious you didn't...looks to me and every other sane person that you just want to be the first to reply
enjoy thinking whatever you like sir
it's just interesting. It's not about getting it out first, it's about adding value!
Thank you Mr. President! 
You have done more good for our country  in the short time you've been POTUS than any other president in history!
Thank you President Trump For All you are doing for the Country. America stands strongly with you. God Bless You and the USA!
Saying it doesn't make it true. All you do is lie. You don't inspire, you don't lead, you don't care, you don't learn, you don't work. QUIT!
Whatever it is you're doing, you should consider re-leashing it.

#notmypresident
Pack of lies. You had nothing to do with this. Nothing. Where are your tax returns as promised on national tv
You are dreaming again Donny!!! Stop the fucking lies!!
If you don't deliver on health-care taxes and infrastructure it will disappear Get with the job
Yes gas prices are sky rocketing, food prices increase 20%, pay increase working class plummeting. Glad your CEO buddies are happy f'n us
Hey trump please can you hurry on health care plan. Can't afford shit with Obamacare. Can't even afford to see doctor for anything.
Will somebody explain to Donnie that unemployment and jobs isn't an issue?
Since you love talking about stock market gains (and taking credit for Obama's accomplishments), he's a chart of the S&P 500 under Obama.
Also, you loved bashing Obama for all his golfing & vacations. At this rate, the cost of your vacations will exceed ALL of Obama's by Dec.
You may be saddened to hear Mike Pence (AKA “Delicate Flower”) has higher approval ratings than you, our Dear Leader, according to Fox News.
& you know that Obamacare plan that you hate so much? Well, according to Fox News, Americans hate you even more…
Wow...You spew Demo talking points like you get the emails. You must be the Russian hacker.
She is.. Unfortunately you know it. The Democratic Party knows it. Bernie knew it. You just won't admit it. Obama knew it. Never liked her.
Can you just stop with this continued America First bullshit? You know it's offensive and has historically unpleasant context.
And no, it's thanks to President Obama that any economy and jobs numbers are looking good. It's cute that you believe you've done something.
Obama just sat around playing golf all the time no real work!
Bot
YOU have to stop talking to NYT, WaPo or any other lefty media!  Haberman & Thrush NOT your friends!
How come these people can't see that ? 
That's why how many businesses you "saved jobs" with are shuttering, going to automation, or leaving the country?
Why did you capitalize the word "workers"?
You're asking that of a man who can't spell "tap".
But how will he learn if no one shows him the right way?
I'm not sure.  A Narcissist of that magnitude will never admit or realize that they need to "learn" anything.
It's my way of not giving up on anyone. I've given up on him being a decent POTUS but not at being decent at grammar.
For the record, I never held out hope that he'd be a good president.
In 48 hours, President Trump has 1. N. Korea terrified.
2. China and Russia cooperating.
3. NATO with him on payments.
WINNING!!!
Haha! Uh,no.
He clearly has no idea how any of this works or what has actually been happening. NATO had to give Trump a history lesson, so sad.
Shhhh...hear that...
It's the sound of President Trump making America great again.
Crickets...
Shhhh...listen...hear that...
It's the sound of President Trump making America great again.
chirp chirp...crickets.
The dollar plummeted after you said that. You are a disaster. And under investigation for treason #Trumprussia
under investigation for treason?  You don't know the definition of the word.
u look up the meaning, He should be jailed for his for his involvement with Russia along with his team.He is a delusional Conman
so far the only evidence from collusion is on the Democratic side.
Why does Trump admire Putin why does his son say that they make a lot of money in Russia why are his team all involved with Russia Think man
One can do business with Russian people or any other. There is ZERO evidence Trump is not in bed with the government.
So why did Kushner ask that Russian spy to use the Russian Embassy for secret back door communication with Putin Why did Trump tell secret
Back door communication is used all the time in Administations. Why criminal intent are you accusing Kushner of?
Your password is probably so BAD, That you probably can't even remember what it is.
stand up for US workers? you mean the workers that you took health care away from - veteran workers?
confidence from whom? not the stock market!
Thanks Obama!
Don't forget THANKS BIDEN! (Need to give him some love too)
truth!
Does Soros pay you by the tweet or do you get half-pay for replying to your own tweets?
You must compare LOST JOBS vs. NEW JOBS if you are honest in this post! HONESTLY
Job creation has been over the past 8 years, NOT the past 8 weeks.
Unemployment has been on the decline for the past 8 years. 

Thank you @POTUS44 @BarackObama! #JOBS https://twitter.com/nprbusiness/status/850339040993976320 …
hahahahaha 8 years of dribble and less than 100 days and massive growth..you all are just pathetic..sore losers
yeah you're bright.  NYSE - Dow down 500 points since Jan 20
No 1 here's a sore looser.  However I'm very concerned that 90% of trumps org. has deep Russian ties.
I would trust Russia over hillary obama.At least u know Russia is an enemy not a traitor like hill/oba
All I can say is - may God have mercy on your damaged soul
I WILL SHOUT TO THE ROOF TOP THAT GOD IS THE REASON I AM NOT A DEMO ANY MORE.U SHOULD WORRY BABY GENIC

Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has profited handsomely from a shipping company with business ties to Putin’s family http://nyti.ms/2j3XZGn 
Yes
Ah whats your belief to-day after the falling markets based on confidence in you.
you can email your account to contact with your email administrators.
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Work...
No, #trump family first, rich people second and everyone else fend for yourself. #Fake #President
Obama finished what Bush started on destroying this country economically. Yes Trump has his weaknesses but at least he thinking....
U kidding. Check your 401K from 2008 and 2016. @BarackObama stopped a world economic meltdown and added 11.5 million jobs
I would love to know were all them jobs were??? Oh that's right..all in other countries. Right along with money we don't have
This will be my last response. 11.5 million jobs. Automation takes jobs not the Chinese. More $$ now in the USA than ever B4.
Okay....if all this money exists we sure the hell didn't see it in my neck of the woods
Time to move then.
Nah...that cool. I like my home.
97% say 1st 100 days BAD, VERY BAD! But you still have 7% of country saying great! Delusional antagonistic unleader! #ImpeachTrump
That's great keep it up
Make America safe
Speaking of economic confidence, how's about showing us your tax returns?
How bout going to http://fec.gov  & seeing his federal Required FinancialDisclosure, all 1000+ pages
How cute....little baby thinks he made a boom boom.
screw the private sector!!!!!!!!!!!! turn it over to the people Donald, not your billionaire cronies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You realize the private sector is the people right?
the private sector is the bourgeois, and they have nothing in common with me & laborers. you'll learn when you join the workforce bud
Also, Marx ignored the theory of subjective value, and his principle of infinite accumulation was flat out wrong.
wow, I can spew non-sequiturs about philosophers that have nothing to do with what we are talking about too
If you're proposing anything that involves the bourgeois, you probably have some Marxist garbage in mind.
what do you do for a job?
IT technician.
Thanks Obama!
Obama created #fakejobs. You know the kind you pretend to create that never actually get filled?
Trump is actually a pod person from the planet Xerxon, sent to deplete earth's natural resources. See, snowflakes can make stuff up, too.
Where r u doing this? I seem to have missed it.   Delusional liar.
Yea, IF he did, afraid not sir  
Many students need help with access to higher education&relief from crushing student loan payments,including my son. Are you going to help?
YES...SPA IS KILLING THE WORKING CLASS.
.#Fakenews A Real @POTUS & UR Sick Obsession  @BarackObama Unleashed That AGES AGO So & Lying & Get 2 Work! #TheResistance #resist #Maga
What a crock...magical thinking may be magical...but it ain't thinking


Strongly support you!!
Wrong again. People are terrified because their #SoCallledPresident is clueless and has no idea what he's doing.  Please resign.
Unleash the power of your tax returns!
Yea, confidence so great I sold property so I could buy gold b/c your going to start WWIII. #ImpeachTrump
You blab, blab, blab about standing up for American workers - ha!  We are not fooled!  But you are the fool to think you are believed!
Dillusional.
Bullshit more lies from you, liar in chief
American workers (i.e., taxpayers) demand that you release your taxes.
what do you really think of all those jobs President Obama put in place that you are taking credit?
Jobs are certainly up in your family's sector, and that's about it. Resign. You're an embarrassment.
.@realDonaldTrump  you are delusional AND a liar.  And now you plan to sabotage. ACA. I feel sorry for
Tell them President Trump. Dumbocrats just can't handle the truth. It makes them mad. To bad, ya ya. We and God put you in that office.
You HATE American Workers! You want to take our Healthcare AWAY. You DO NOT LIKE middle class. You love billionaires. You HATE US!!
MAGA!! 
steel for pipeline NOT US-made.  Trump ties NOT US-made.  Ivanka products NOT US-made.  Trump vacations - costing US MILLIONS!
roll
Schumer is lacking in the Common Sense Sector of Reasoning!
Bullshit
Why are you still using your personal account? #hypocrisy
Which will make no difference at all when you GET US ALL KILLED.
How is the investigation into collusion and Russian interference in the cornerstone of our democracy-the elections? We won't forget!
I'm preparing myself for another recession which ALWAYS follows the implementation of "trickle down economics"....
YOU DO KNOW WE SEE YOU & WHAT YOU DO R HURTING US COLLEGE STUDENTS THOSE OF US IN THE ACA ETC WE THINK 4 OURSELVES & EXPL 2 OTHERS WHO VOTES
Fear of nuclear annihilation due to your incompetence is soaring also.
Then why is my portfolio taking a nosedive?
You believe all your lies, that's what is so scary!
Still so much more to do. Thanks for getting. Ppl to wake up and talk about all the messes in this world.
WRONG!
Or should I say, confidence among the wealthiest .1% -- the rest of you are screwed. #GrifterInChief #TrumpRussia
I'm going to the White House today
Thanks what we need, someone who cares about American workers...that's not YOU !!!!!
I think you need a vacation after all that hard work, golf  anyone? Keep on spending our tax $$$$, you gold digger
Confidence of your Atlanta casinos was once high too.
It's easy to ride the coattails of a real President. When he's already done all the work. To get this country where it is today.
Seems as usual for your self serving tweets, you are a liar. Just ask those out of work.
Last month's job numbers were down. Stop lying
My farts are more powerful then anything you have done 
You haven't done jack for workers.
Today's stock market plummet part of that, dickwad.
What world are you in?
Keep Bannon, his helped keep message at forefront, no caving in now, hold the fort.
Great job!!! 
you are not standing up for us you are destroying america with your new nazi rules
Ur flunkies there S. Miller ,S.Spicer Umm, u r stuck with them 4ever. Who is going to hire them?? They are basically cartoon characters .
#princerezapahlavi_trump_SoS
I can't believe u can say u r taking a stand for American worker! LOL u r only for big business. Setting up what America u want in 4 yrs
What job creation?  Feb. numbers were way down, no one has confidence with you as POTUS.
Russian Steel in your pipeline. Mexican cement in your wall Foreign workers @MarALago & Chinese factories making Trump products. All is well
Economic confidence is soaring...cruise missiles flying off the line. Time to make another war. Venezuela maybe eh Trump.
that a win
Thank you for economic boom!
We need a simple quick mid-class tax cut.   Double std deductions and personal exemptions Pay for by no mortgage interest deduction.
Well done. Take care America. You have many enemies. The first one is Israeli mussad.
Carl Bernstein just called Trump incoherent, and says he has always been used to winning for 'himself'. Why should we expect him to change?
Confidence in your approval rating is soaring right down the Trumper Dumper, that's a toilet if you are not smart enough to figure it out!
Privatize Air Traffic Control please.
Support unions not Goldman-Sachs
If by confidence you mean anyone with a working brain realizing that you're going to kill us all then sure.
wrong
Prove it!  Just because you say it doesn't make it so, and millions of us no longer believe you.

Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Trump
Soaring Donnie? I think not. Hundreds of thousands of retail jobs are being cut, tourism jobs will be next given the billions they're losing
And no way in hell are manufacturing jobs coming back no matter what you old white hauli men want. You all already sent those jobs away.
You very very misspoke - You are putting Trump First. #LiarInChief #Notmypresident #dumptrump
you're words are cheap and ur nit fooling anyone but your ignorant supporters.
when you come to met president @MichelTemer ?
Placating with 1950 policies that ignore technological changes with short term press appeal serves no one in the long term
#FreeMelania
Option 1 ::: Costa Rica system :::: Emperor enters the palace and becomes a symbol of the country. :::: Armor cost is reduced by 90%.
Where are the jobs?
Flint still doesn't have clean water.  You want to outdo Obamas legacy? Fix that first. #AmericaFirst #FlintWaterCrisis
Thanks Obama!!!!!!!!
Three days of market declines...
You're riding on Obama's success. Shameful to take credit for your predecessor's accomplishments
Go Trump. Don 't let um get away with anything any more. Do what you have to do. We are all behind you 100 present...
Cut taxes please!
Explain this RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA
Wrong once again
When are you bringing Trump brand industries back to US to employ more Americans?
Getting things done in Washington is like fighting a dragon guarding his gold. The arrow has to hit it's mark.
Unlease. Ha ha.
"Private sector"
America first but tax payers are paying for your trips to the "winter whitehouse." not to mention memberships increased $100k #impeachment
Wrong! More distraction from #RussiaGate! FBI closing in—RESIGN NOW B4 UR IMPEACHED! TAKE PENCE/RYAN 2!
your looking out for your rich cronies not the workers
#AmericaFirst @realDonaldTrump do not listen to these #Soros funded traitors! #MAGA WE WILL PREVAIL!!!
Your supporters should not be afraid to show our support on FB, at work or anywhere. Isn't it a good thing to be patriotic?
TY Potus..we trust in you, we see how hard you are working for USA, God Bless
Just because you say it doesn't make it true.
@CNN @politico @GOP @WSJ  Thousands of environmental jobs built up over past 3 years flushed away this month by TRUMP.  Recession ahead now!
I saw our conservative retirement accounts go up more this last quarter than ever during past 12 years! THANK YOU!!!
