someone I'm begging anyone!  Take this poor crazy persons phone!
What about the people with disabilities?
R
ha ha ha so would you
#Honestly MrTrump #RyanCare Cloned from #Obamacare is #Facilitating the #DeepState #Shadowgovt #Repeal and #Replace Dump #AHCA Manipulations
Yes indeed!
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! http://nypost.com/2017/03/27/the-new-york-times-ongoing-dishonesty-only-helps-trump/ …...
ABSOLUTELY! Kimmel is a PUPPET! NO VALUE THERE..ANOTHER FAKE NEWS LIKE CNN COMEDY TEAM!
The New York Times, CNN, MSNBS, ABC and CBS...  left wing propaganda mill.  Drain the swamp, starts with Fake News.
So would Lying @realdonaldtrump
Such a putz you are...im surprised your tongue can stay in your mouth...
Clean air and coal...?
@Pattyismyagent lying is So damaging and harmful  to the American people.
Dear @nypost: pls make Crudele repeat "Manafort" as a manta for 1 wk.
: Your "Pussy-Grabbing" rate fell sharply as well, due to @MELANIATRUMP finding out that her husband is a sex offender.
45 you just don't understand... you are the liar!!!!
I wish our FAILING 45TH POTUS would try that HONESTY thing.
The failing "president" might do much better if he was honest.   LMAO  Silly me! That'll never happen!
There's a reason ISIS rooted for Trump: They knew his #MuslimBan would be the perfect recruiting propaganda.
 @realDonaldTrump
Better yet u take the responsibility for the refuges! Let them move in with u and ur mom.
So clearly you don't understand how the refugee system works. Hope you're happy in your embarrassing ignorance. @JRossi23961208
Would you prefer the top or bottom bunk in your cell? It's not too early to call dibs!
lets get that going!
they're doing better than the paper you're advertising for free.
you would also do better if you stop lying
America would do so much better if you were honest. #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump #Liar #Russiagate #resist
The failing POTUS would do much better if he were honest. Or, at least get to work.
Never worked a day in his life, why start now?
HAHAHA! Don, you become more of an asshat every single hour.
And you'd be a better president if....shit, I don't think you could ever be a good president.
Honest and Fair!
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes you really need to get new material for your tweets. You're like a washed up stand up comedian
and you look like an offspring from Frankenstein
IF YOU HAD STARTED WITH HONESTY INSTEAD OF LIES AND CONSPIRACIES YOUR PRESIDENCY WOULD OF HAD AT LEAST A CHANCE..
BUT YOUR RELENTLESS LAYING WAYS WILL ULTIMATELY GOING TO BE YOUR DEFEAT, YOU HAD CHOSEN THE LOWEST ROAD TO FAILURE
so would you Mr. Trump
The failing @realDonaldTrump would do much better if he was honest!
The NYT should turn there presses into making toilet paper. We know their reporters are used to crap.
repeat with me: "I am delusional". Do it until you convince the last person to know it, yourself
the failing of you would be much better if you were honest. So sad

you would do so much better if you quit tweeting and yet here we are
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes The country would do much better if you were honest!
Insignificant Tommy! Keep refreshing loser!
& u know honesty 
so is the president....doing so bad, big lies
how much did you pay @nypost to publish that horseshit?

so would you, what about all the talk you made about not vacationing?
https://twitter.com/BraddJaffy/status/846734142884732928 …
Honest like you maybe??
YOU as our president would do much better if YOU were honest! 
Why do you keep saying the @nytimes is failing?
Let's start with the basics. That NY Post article says they apologized for lying after the election. That's just not true.
Here's the piece the NY Post quoted in its entirety:
They apologized for over-estimating Clinton's chances. That's a very, very different thing.
Clinton 80% trump 20%, dafaq happened? Is this over estimating or lying?
Worth remembering that's chance of winning, Not percentage of the win.
People thought that her reasonable lead in the popular vote would make it likely she'd win the election
And, in fact, the polls got her popular vote roughly right. I believe they were 1% off.
sorry, tweeted this to you before I finished the thread 
By the way your not the 45th president your a fake news dictator. Presidents r honorable  your just 36% F-
Honest Like this? No one likes you Trump. You're a YUGE failure and murderer of innocent civilians. Sad!
thought he is just stupid, but is worse, way worse...........
It's way worse!
he won't be content until he kills millions. Yuge ego. Wants to be the best..dictator
He's a bigly dictator! The best ever!
The failing @realDonaldTrump would do much better if he were honest!
I think you're confusing your disapproval number with your approval numbers, Donald.
your lies:
- No golfing
- Defeat ISIS in 30 days
- Repeal Obamacare day 1
- Release your taxes
- Healthcare for all
Schoolhouse Rock, #Trumpcare edition:
the irony in your statement is that:
1. The NYTimes IS honest
2. You actually want them to just lie like Fox News
the @nytimes occasionally makes mistakes. However, unlike you, they correct them & issue an appology when they do
LEAKED: Trump's presidential promise checklist 
Trump's bigly failures
• Muslim ban (x2)
• Repeal & replace Obamacare
• Defeat ISIS
• Blaming everyone but himself
“Be strong and courageous, and do the work. Do not be afraid or discouraged, for the LORD God, my God, is with you. He will not fail you
Go trump go.  Amen
Trump has no idea what truth is!
You would do much better by being honest. Winning @nytimes .
Lying Donald Trump is at it again.
There’s going to come a time when the Trump storm is over, and you have spent all this time defending him"
says the failing so-called prez Trumputin
@potus You have some nerve if your mouth is open you are most likely lying
Mr Trump everything is relative...compared to you the NYT is an angel
So would you.
HONESTY.....DID YOU SAY HONESTY?

M.F., YOU KNOW NOTHING OF HONESTY!
We all cancelled subscriptions to NYT
The American president would do so much better if he didn't treat presidency like a 9-5 job with weekends off
So would you. #lyingtrump
. WHAT...Look who's talking about being HONEST.. The biggest LIAR in The history of the White House..OMG!!
so would you @POTUS
YOU would do much better if YOU were honest.
YOU are King of Fake News with zero credibility.
YOU would do much better if you were honest, D. But that's off the table; was never a possibility from the get-go.
The failing #POTUSTrump would do much better if he were honest!
you'd do much better if you were honest! We see it in your approval rating which are bigly horrible!!!!!!
heed your own words, Mr. President
.....said Donald Agent Orange Trump, the biggest liar in the world!
bahahahahahahahahaha! Seek help immediately!
Blah blah blah! Please quit responding and focus fox. Jobs in those 3 states who trusted you
Bullshit Donald.
The whole world would do much better if you were gone!
Wow, you really do have tiny little hands.  Maybe it is just the picture but they look about the size of my kids.
you would do much better if you were honest and not lie.
NO! Trump and his administration would do much better if they were HONEST!
#TrumpRussia
YOU would do much better if you were honest. But you are not honest. You lie and lie and lie. Your lies will come back to haunt you. Soon
We would do much better if YOU were honest. Liars on staff: Trump, Pence, Sessions, Flynn, Pruitt, Devos....running out of characters...
what do YOU know about honesty? TAKE A LOOK AT YOUR OWN POPULARITY RATING. You are DELUDED.
holy shit you are insane !
#45lies and the Post?  Do you even need to ask?
take your own advice
You know saying something over and over again does not make it true, right?  The @nytimes is doing just fine, in fact.
our country is in chaotic mess because of people like you and people you choose that are not honest!!!
that door swings both ways. your lies don't help the matter any...
u & them should b worrying about more important thgs Lies corruption Ur bullshit Srs medicare Russia ComOn
u've made 1/2 ppl of USA really pissed off Ur all talk I'm so damn glad last minute I didn't mark Pres box
Actually, the NYTIMES is honest.  You, on the other hand. Just remember - Russia got you where are and they will bring you down.
So would you #shitforbrains.
Trump = Arrogant, ignorant and hypocritical! You want honesty, NYT giving it to you by calling out your lies.
The failing @POTUS would do much better if he was honest. Fixed it for you Donald 
you have no relationship with honesty so learn to throw nerf balls.
This coming from the compulsive liar!
Bah! The lying liar speaks of honesty. Hahahahahahaha. Fuck this guy.
NYT is doing great! You'd have better than 36% approval if YOU were honest!
You WOULD do much better if YOU were HONEST
makes two of you
Seriously?With U being the Liar In Chief? You've got a lot of nerve! U need a mental evaluation. YESTERDAY! Shame on you!
There you go throwing stones in glass houses again...
Have Ur closest advisors not told U 2 stop tweeting? U R like the emperor in The Emperor's New Clothes. Well, Ur naked!!
you would do much better if you were honest Trump. That includes @seanspicer
Ummm...the Post is a rag and everyone knows it. Right up there with the Enquirer.
who reads the paper when your Twitter feed is such a jk? I'm being facetious. That's a word you'll have 2  
TRUMP IT UP!!  FAKE NEWS FOLKS NON CREDIBLE,  Most are on to them now.  :  )
so would you. #youfucker #notmypresident
I hope it's "fake news" that you plan to reach out to dem's for AHCA. That's when you'll lose me!
So would you. The blood of civilians in Mosul is on your hands #Impeach44
You would do so much better if YOU were honest, Trump!
At least the Post reports accurately huh !!
so would you.
You would do alot better if you were honest as well....
YOU would do much better as a President if you were honest! We don't need #fakenews to vitiate the integrity of YOUR WORDS.
that's the pot calling the kettle black. You wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face.
they take your own advice trump.
You yourself would do so much better if you were honest.  And If you were a better human and better Pres.
you're the dishonest one Trump. Lie lie lie.
You would do much better if you stopped tweeting and speaking as there is little of honesty that comes from anything you have to say.
The failing administration would be much better if the lying POTUS resigned.
I took out a subscription because of you. Donald Trump helps the NY Times.
You wouldn't know the truth if it bit you on the ass.
Hey Donnie, you helped NY Times profitability--or is CNBC fake too? http://www.cnbc.com/2016/11/29/new-york-times-subscriptions-soar-tenfold-after-donald-trump-wins-presidency.html … #FakePresident
haha! Their subscriptions are skyrocketing!
oh, pleeeze. What do you know about honesty, tiny hands?
SO WOULD YOU.
Big Red Head, Big Red Hair, Teeny-Tiny Little Hands.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @nypost Since the Post is owned by Rupert Murdoch (who also owns Fox News), the story is meaningless.
1 person compared to the 10k that subscribe now...hmm.. you are a "businessman", do the math
That is a laugh!  You-45- are proven to lie or mislead over 60% of the time.  NYT is our anchor and your downfall
You would do much better if you were honest, but you're not.
Trump is the enemy of the people
what is the point of revisiting the Times reporting they have their audience #failing

And how would you recognize honesty?
There's an old saying about a pot and a kettle- honesty is applicable here...
so would YOU drumpf
The failing @realDonaldTrump could do so much better if he was honest. But A monkey could do as well as @realDonaldTrump if it could talk.
same could be said about you
Last week you called John Crudele & the New York Post to break news of the Trumpgate bill withdrawal. Oh, right, you call the @nytimes! LOL!
you look so fake with all that make up. Shut up!!!!!!!!
And the NY Post is such a reliable source. Hope you don't use them for all your info. DUMMKOPF
Blah Blah Blah getting old need new material-the only thing failing is you @nytimes NEVER Stop must know the truth
Talk about the pot calling the kettle black!
If u were honest u'd probably do a little better in polls! Hell, if u resigned u'd leave office with highest Presidential rating ever
Amen!  It is time for Nothing's but the truth!  Come on NYT!  Spill it!
You would to, bam! Right back atcha...
they are more honest than Fox News.
@POTUS  Real Presidents dont trash the Press.
