They're a bunch of feckless misers!
So why would Putin want to stop HilLIARy? (She's stupid enough to have already sold him 20% of the USA's Uranium supply)
Obama is fabricating evidence

support him....don't trust him....watch and make sure
If only they had some sort of wall to stop the hackers from firing their attacks...
that is great to hear that rnc smarter than DNC ...but we already knew that..you go DJT
maybe because RNC was never a target for hacking!?
because it's an inside job
insulting US Intelligence?   They would be my best friend if I were president.   Or they just might overlook your safety!

no keep going!
you will be the President, hopefully things will be better in ur first 300days in office
RNC was hacked too. Why are you trying to sabotage the nation you're going to be leading? #Traitor
This has been part of the problem FAKE TWITTER ACCOUNTS they are paid protester passing false information
Es que RCN es de los Ardila Lule, no es tan fácil copetón, no lo es!
or...why would either party care if their inner workings were made public? Shouldn't need to hide. Sick & tired of both.
Hey, I heard some old lady got mugged today... But its her fault, she didn't have "thug defense". More words just cuz....
coming from the man who fails to respond to anything but just talks in circles.
You know, Donny, if you used a big boy communication tool like a press conference, you'd get more than 140 characters.
He's President Donny to you. LOL!
you can't help can you? # charlatan
I heard both were hacked but RNC had special defenses for protection!! YOU GO RNC!!!
I've never thought it was "the Russians". Assange lives in Russia, does he not? Wikileaks is perfectly capable on its own.
PARDON JULIAN ASSANGE!
I hope you are being sarcastic! 
Molesters stick together!!!
So, you're a molester as well? Your words, not mine! I assume you are sticking with other molesters of women!
the people got to read the DNC calling blacks and muslims professional never do wells, the people decided with their vote
popular vote went to Clinton by 3 million. The people spoke, the Electoral college gave it to the clown
take away all the illegals and the dead that voted then I am sure trump won that too!
It's amazing, according to a study, number of illegals who voted is ~3 Million @JMoreland82 @KateMil03543753 @USAneedsTRUMP @realDonaldTrump
I dare you to name the source of your information! Other than the Trump regime.
BTW, CNN fake news viewer, U don't get to DICTATE TERMS for what is 'credible' @KateMil03543753 @JMoreland82 @USAneedsTRUMP @realDonaldTrump
you're  the worse  winner ever
.@realDonaldTrump The Cure for Cancer is out. The government is a system. #STAYWOKE
trump is cancer
you have it
Trump can do something but not like Obama done!
he's done stuff already and not sworn in yet. Give him a chance. No free ride.
@soychicka
LOL.
Why can't you accept findings by our own government? You are making too many mistakes and haven't taken the oath yet.
they were working for you! No reason to hack anyone else.
Evidence?
Funny! Trump spews crap and you don't need evidence or even ask but you expect others to give it to u
Statement was made that Russia work for him. When I make a statement I have facts to back it up. Where's the proof? 
yet you believe everything Trump says with no question. 79% of what the says has been proven false.  Google it!
What the what? Didn't Google support hrc?  Didn't they predict @realDonaldTrump would lose? Google is biased
must be really dumb. Google just gives results of a search.
TRUMP TWEET TRANSLATIONS: @realDonaldTrump: "Robbery is ok if the thief has good weapons and if I don't like the victims"
You doth protest too much, Comrade #TreasonousTrump
Try to keep tweets on his level. He doesn't know what doth means.
LOL!
: You all should stop listening to CNN because they are winding you guys up with fake news...
You confuse unflattering or incriminating news with fake news. Two different animals.
Why waste  time on trolls with fake profiles and two followers?
: ...there is always a misfit in social media that will come along and make a stupid comment.
: ....social media reject is a better description.
They're Dummycrats! That's why!  Woof!
It's called a "firewall". I thought you knew everything about walls.
thank you Mr. President for keeping #Ford in America.  #maga
Check today's news #DonTheCon
b unch losers please who cares about them
Remember, @realDonaldTrump is a liar. That means it’s likely the RNC did get hacked, as was reported, and Russia has leverage over Trump.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Good call!
Hmmmm... interesting to learn about the RNC hacking now eh?
TERRIBLE WHAT?!? The suspense is...
.

 please due something for the social security benefits we the people who are on disability have no had a pay grade in 5
@POTUS Hmm, in "quotes", so that means, "Better cosy up so they don't release my stuff"? #ButItWasInQuotes
#TheResistance

Every time Donald Trump tweets
Reminder"We the people"DIDN'T elect his KIDS 2 run OUR country.

Actually"We the people"by a majority DIDN'T elect @realDonaldTrump either.
I  guess you flunked American history.
“hacking defense” lol yeah i can see why you have to dictate all your tweets, you illiterate fuck
Your IQ is 4 like your vocabary.  Woof!
No, ask about #LeaksNotHacks. #SethRichMURDER
Why this constant denial of any Russian involvement when USA intelligence agencies have published evidence of direct links?
Putin *must* either have dirt on you and/or you are broke and dependent on Russian loans - either way the free world loses
Because you are acting like a #Traitor against the interests of *all* western democracies
This is ignoring your #conflictsofinterest & your failure 2 carry out a complete and absolute divestment from your business
To sum up you are totally compromised and open to foreign influences and corruption against the interests of the USA
Lies all your tweets
Intelligence Community have proof of Russian involvement in applying influence 2 US Election & he denies it
See the following:
because we didn't expect Russia to hack shut although from your ties with Putin we will in the future.
learn to stop being an anonymous coward troll.
Because Putin wanted an inexperienced, pro-Putin, Know-Nothing as POTUS.
Why would Putin want to lose his Uranium & (Alaskan) islands dealer?
@HarlanPeggy because simply #DNC email server wasn't hacked
nope it was leaked and we all know that! Including obama and his "intelligence officials"
why do all u trump supporters look like u just got dropped in a bucket of nuclear waste?
oh so now we all look alike? Lmao 
yea,u do. Like deer in the headlights,welfare day moonshine hangover, teeth missing sewer rats
I have a career, no missing teeth and I don't drink so looks like u don't know what u r talking about 
watching jerry Springer all day is not a career.....u don't drink but ur a racist. Racist hill billy simpleton.Stop tweeting me
u search out someone who voted for trump and call the same names u call everyone. U must be a child. Or just really stupid!
Are you really fourteen?
have u seen this Michele? I've contacted some ppl to find out what we can do
hey, will get back to you later OK? Been up all night, my brain is shot now
no problem, it's late here too, catch u later. Sleep well.
No response or defense to allegations because the hacking was faked, if any real info got out Clintons would be in jail

somebody needs to work with you on how to use quotation marks.
in this day of abbreviations (BTW, OMG...) you are really complaining about grammatical error?  WOW. Who cares
grammar? No. Context? Yes.
same difference, media site, not English class.  Who cares? Oh, U do.
yes, I care about the integrity of my soon-to-be president. I know your standards are low.
You know my standards are low? You don't know me.  I actually read the wikileaks did U? DNC never disputed truth
@THEREAL2RED

THERE WAS "NO" HACKING. A DNC insider blew the whistle giving the proof to @Wikileaks PERIOD
So true
RNC was hacked too. However, @WikiLeaks released only the documents of DNC because #Clinton is an long enemy of #Putin.
how about she was the only one paying for play and selling the SOS seat. TRUE info from hacks
What do u call what he's doing now? What about him buddying up with an enemy?
Russia? How many major decisions do U make without reading/hearing all the facts? Briefing today
Major? 0. Putin and Assange must have some good dirt on him & RNC. They're not friends!!
Unlike the DNC there is no info on RNC or Trump to be used as leverage. Conspiracy theory much?
OMG, why would they release it? It wouldn't be leverage then. LOL
Can't face the truth of what was in the emails so U distract with whining that they were stolen
WRONG! SHUT UP!!! (NOT TALKING TO TRUMP)
Nice mouth you've got. Vile as usual. If this is what you consider "talking", go for it! Off to find my mind!
my mouth had devolved from all the dealings with u ilk. I lose brain cells each time & plus idgaf anymore
The RNC could have been hacked if someone wanted it hacked.  Why didn't they? You know.
.@realDonaldTrump Obama never had evidence it's Benghazi Playbook talk shows minions lying still no evidence #Hillary #Trump #love #cute
They hacked RNC, too,just didn't release http://it.YOU  KNOW this &keep LYING.Your rants jeopardize country's safety. #TREASON

they did it on purpose, looking for the sympathy vote, remember clintons tears back 4 years ago in the primary
go pee and go sleep fraud.
Pence hungers for the Presidency!
Ryan hungers for the Presidency!
"Beware the ides of March!"
Let the stabbing begin!
you mean the Russians? with your help?
- Calling upon a foreign power to commit and act of espionage is beyond disgraceful to our country and it's citizens!
@RepStevenSmith Russian hacking is a left wing conspiracy theory. No evidence to back it up.
you know the reason why- your just being an ass

this is not true. You need therapy for your lying. It makes you look small & petty.reality is that they did hack RNC.
Why does NO ONE claim N KOREA OR IRAN hacked the emails? The must know how to make it LOOK LIKE IT WAS RUSSIA!!!
Okay. let me get this straight....Hillary Dillary had an open server along with DNC Chairman and they are bitching?
http://winningdemocrats.com/breaking-new-reports-link-trump-with-investments-tied-to-kgb-kremlin-oligarchs-and-mafia/ …
\
your so called "movement" is Americas bowel movement. #youareanembarrasement
I am sure there is hacking going on daily and not just by Russia. It is revealing our weakness that we need to work on.
and why do you keep taking that monsters side over America what happened to make America great again
Oh they got your shit and theirs,  Me thinks they are blackmailing you,   maybe I will go ask Assauge!!  oops Assange
you need to learn basic computers, 4th graders will help you
. You wouldn't have won without the Russian connection. Trump the cheater...simple as that!
Watch the hearings. Read a book for once. @realDonaldTrump
too bad you don't get briefed on things like this
because Putin was on your side. You are his puppet. Explains all.
The hacked emails revealed the truth about wrong doing in the DNC. People in America have the right to know the truth!
Hacking defence would have been waste of time, as the illegal servers in Hillary, and Wieners houses, open to all hackers
RNC got hacked too. At least that's what your buddy, Assange, says
Sir, next, debug every nook and cranny of every room in the White House. Obama or his ilk will leave a surprise for you.

NOW they need time2build case(after shrouding USA in fear with innuendo)4calling THIS"hacking"!
no one "hacked" DNC Assange said inside leak. @TuckerCarlson @AnnCoulter @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @michellemalkin
@GeneMcVay

☆☆How many times can Clapper lie to Congress and keep his job?

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-switch/wp/2014/01/27/darrell-issa-james-clapper-lied-to-congress-about-nsa-and-should-be-fired/?client=ms-android-samsung …
Please help George he has Cardiomyopathy
@POTUS  @SenJohnMcCain

., MAYBE RUSSIA DIDN'T HACK THE RNC BECAUSE THEY WERE HELPING THEM, YOU JOKE!
you're an illegitimate president 
The RNC was hacked as well...so there's that. How's Joey No Socks? #criminal
Your unconventional intel source is wrong as RNC was hacked but not released - best check with USGov experts @megynkelly
Quit blaming the victim. Identify and prosecute the perpetrator.
Back off, .Day, 1, 2, 3 or 4. Apologize and move on to jobs and security. You don't have to be insecure, you won. NOW LEAD!
The RNC's loss would not have benefited the foreign interests in question
on NYE didn't you literally say "no computer is safe" from hacking?
Is the "hacking defence" like a 3-4 or a 4-3?
is it true the FBI didn't even read the server logs to reach this conclusion?
Must be because you paid him and it's on your tax returns
That is total BS,media ALWAYS GAVE UR TRAVELING CIRCUS A PASS.They beat HRC down daily.Thx 2 ur friends #Russia & Assange
again you're siding with Russia over your own country. You are unfit for the job.
The others do it, we do it. The difference is in our world it is  sometimes misused for political purposes.
where's the announcement you promised Tuesday.. or Wednesday re: hacking?????  Another LIE? We're waiting!
#If you READ the intel (a stretch, I know), you would see they had both! You were a better puppet!!
What will happen when your account is hacked?
Will you still be president?
What if the 400 lb guy hacked you, is he pres?
because they are sore loosers
No puedes hundir a México porque ya está hundido. Disfrutaremos cuando EU se hunda por tu culpa hijo de puta racista.
you and i talk same language truth they speak with forked tongue.
American cyber command needs upgrade. They all say we suspect Russia non of them has a concrete proof. Shame can't track it
You just can't shut up, can you? The RNC was also hacked,but Russia was winning the election for you,so only DNC was dumped
Glad you prefer disinformation from Russian thugs over US patriots in intell. Show what a creep you are. Liar.
because DNC security = Hilary security.
Reports said RNC was hacked too. Many people are saying they have blackmail material. What say you??
Re undisclosed info on Russian hacking he knew, Trump said, "You'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday." Today is Thursday.
Why??? Because then they wouldn't have been able to be a victim. What groups hates Russia? The group that got the boot...
You asked Russia to Hack, Russia hacked 4 you, Russia paid assange 4 you #Traitor #1200Jobslost #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Did you forget they did hack yours too? But that info haven't been released...Deflecting are we?
No one hacked the RNC computers, because you didn't pay anyone to.
The RNC has been hacked but Assange and Russia won't tell you that.
so you do believe the DNC got hacked? Which one is it. You make absolutely no sense. Yesterday it was "So-Called hack"
why didn't Obama go after China since they hacked away 23 times. Obama is a narcissistic child who lives to destroy America
First, the RNC was hacked. Putin is waiting to lower the boom & blackmail GOP after inauguration if you get out of line.
hacking defense LOL
Because PRESIDENT TRUMP it was a REAL LIVE PERSON in the DNC.a Disgruntled Employee within the DNC could not bare the lies.
"Kapersky"(sp?) is the best there is.
don't kid yourself, the Russians most likely did hack the RNC. You are demonstrating how little you know a cyber security.
WRONG
You are complicit in the Russian Hacks. Your ties to Putin are well known.  It will all be revealed.  #Followthemoney
Throwing disbelief in Rep, Dem, CIA, FBI, et al is strictly from WW2 Nazi gameplan. People will have only one God, You.
Hacking defense?  Paying off Putin is no defense. He won't stay paid off.
The Russians hacked the DNC and it got you elected. Yep you did not win because people like you. No one likes you Donald.
U said it yourself your 10 yr old is good with computers so that means the Russians can do it too! Comparing your 10 to rus

not like Obama tried to influence our referendum result or nothing lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud-1FoIrMew …
They ran the DNC like Hillary ran her basement server with no hacking protection
Tell us, all those "things nobody else is aware of" about hacking, since you know so much. #dumptrump #resist
the leaker was shot and killed. Why else would Assange  put a bounty of $20,000 on the killer.
you'd do well to look at the lives saved by Obamacare. Certainly needs work but it HAS saved lives
because it's all true!
You love the cock. Please take your face of Putins ass
Shut up. Act like a president.
The turth is that DNC thought they had the people wrapped around their fingers.  DNC out of WH for LONG LONG Time
