Jesus would definitely be a Democrat- your party has proved that with their greed & mercilessness selves
STOP WITH ALL THE JESUS THIS JESUS THAT!! WOULD ANY OF YOU DIE ON A CROSS FOR ALL? ANSWER YOURSELF THAT OR SHUT UP ABOUT JESUS
Don't need to- done deal. Know what I've been taught abt caring for others. Repub's/hypocrites say DJT sent by God- making the point
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!...
How u convinced my parents 2 vote for you I'll never know. I can't disown them but I can surely tell them your tweets everyday. #Impeach45!
we ALL wasted our votes in 2016
Should have left it blank lol
Thank you President Trump. We need border security. We the people voted for you not a party. The traitors are Dems and liberals
While you're doing that is it possible sir you can help out with the home situation in Washington DC
Your in a deep fog.stop your lying and u may have,a chance
You are envious.
Yea just another person to tear us apart
LOLOL are you resigning?
healthcare in America sucks
naaaah
Check At&t, special media streaming and Russian Spy Ship in international waters. Oh was it the day At&t meeting with President Trump
You mean the ship that comes back ~yearly regardless who's the POTUS? Clinton, Bush, Obama,now 45? Don't flatter him; nothing to do with him
Something very interesting caught my sense. Not usually wrong.
So you were aware the ship comes back and does the same thing ~yearly since 1998 and still felt THIS year was the year it was weird?
Well the called meeting with At&t and the accusations spoken by Trump as he could blast them out of the waters is a little odd to say normal
I would never say he's normal. He's not even supposed to comment about that ship, it's a military intelligence matter. He's an idiot.
I was not referring to him per say being normal. I mean if this was done every year. Nothing out of the norm,  why this time such  comment?
Because he's an idiot. He was actually insulting all Americans as being simple and that blowing up the ship would improve his popularity.
I agree with Donald Trump my President who Is cutting taxes and getting border security and healthcare. He Is the best President.
Using SOLAR POWERED lights on the Mexican wall is a Great idea! Why not INCLUDE Motion detecting Cameras that are strategically placed too?
There's NOTHING great about your wall or healthcare. You lost touch with reality, you're a pitiful excuse for a president!
You must be living a dream
What health care, Mr. President, for the young and rich? What about seniors who sustained the economy in their younger age. Shall they die?
The Handmaid' s Tale
Despicable....hope the US recovers after The Donald The Antichrist..Democrat or Republican...God Bless the US
TRUM☭
what are you doing? Getting a guard dog and giving people tissues and bandaids
Has anyone ever studied the Canadian or German heath care to see if that would be viable for America?
PLEASE help in Texas! The illegals are destroying our Health Care and Educational system 
(dreamers - anchor babies) !!
I pray your son never gets disabled 'cause you'd hire nannies from Mexico and build a wall around him to avoid inconvenience
..wish we get a great new government and a bordersecurity who keeps you all out of USA
submerge power generators in constant ocean currents to supply continuous 
energy for desalination plants. Fresh farm/well water abundance!
Looser.
If you vote tomorrow on a Trump recommendation its a wasted vote if you care about NHC.
Please don't let insurance co. charge more for preexisting coverage, they will rake most baby boomers. Group coverage doesn't charge more.
bullshit.
What about Russia, what your big orange mouth, is so reluctant to talk about what you did, coward!!
Puuuuuuke.
We are not dems and reps .
We are not the right and left. WE ARE AMERICANS!

THIS IS NOT A GAME SHOW, THIS IS OUR LIVES.

Deerborn Michigan need to get under control. Luckily a terror attack avoided by arrest of a Muslim man with connection to terrorist groups
President Obama set America back so far. More debt than all presidents added together. Such a disappointment. Obamacare so unaffordable
O
Healthcare for who Mr Trump. Certainly not for those who are older, disabled, with pre-existing conditions, low income. HEALTHCARE FOR WHO?!
Gonna build a wall on the border of Canada?
Does South Carolina have a bad border problem?
LIAR . Your are The Biggest Loser, but not in girth. What are you eating? 4000 calories a day?  GET A GRIP MAN. Orange exploding.
Mr. President, you enjoy tweeting so much that you even get to reply to yourself? Lock them out good sir, they had it coming. They voted U
Did tomorrow come yet? Are our borders greater? Do I have great healthcare? Ah... nuts - fooled again! #nevermypresident
like privatizing 1.3 trill in school loan money
#NotSoSlimShady
@POTUS @jk_rowling @RoguePOTUStaff @Rosie @GeorgeTakei  @Alyssa_Milano @POTUS44 @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @DebraMessing
Trumpcare
America needs a monorail system. Bet it would work in Phoenix even when hot.
WE NEED A nation wide raised monorail system. Runs Anytime.
My good man this is an excellent suggestion. Come and work with me. I like your vision.
I don't think so, and that wall? Forget that wall, you  won't get that wall,  you're going to be impeached. I can hardly wait.
Mueller not being impartial. Dem witch hunt, shameful.
40 years and counting with absolutely proud and pride. Our only be loving son are the Air Force Officer serve our country with PROUD & PRIDE
Our mission is to "Dream Big" and will do our very best to connect the land of Smiles to the Land of Opportunity for the good of people's.
That wonderful news mr president love  you and all you have done for 
Why u want to kill older people and sick people?? Wat gives u the rite??
Wat healthcare??    Oh the one that only pays for a cold
Good job mr president, you are the best


LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES SHOW THE BILL LIES LIES LIES YOU ARE A FRAUD LIES LIES LIES LIES GET OUT TRAITOR!!
Get that wall build. It is now a symbol of repub fortitude. Let the dems bag their heads against that WALL 
Niambie
that wall would be the best form of border security that money can buy..guards and agents are temp the wall is forever
I....you
@RalphNorman best of luck Sir 
you mean the hc will cost anyone over 50 5000 + per month and covers nothing? Or by law and order you mean?
We"re losing healthcare & you know it. Another lie.
must be worse than the bill only 17 % of Americans approved and they believe you meant better cheaper for all?
the great healthcare that covers nothing and only the wealthy and 20 yr olds can afford?
the healthcare so bad it is a big secret?  The hc that only 20 yr olds can afford?  That means employers don't have to offe
Its tomorrow now... where you at? Should I call the country club and make sure you're ok? PATHETIC POTUS
You really don't have a clue , do you ??
We need the Wall built let's make it happen
we just need not to be poisoned. Read "Eat to live". Our food is our problem. Not our genes!
Really? I missed it
You lost.  Nobody wants to help you.  Congress and the Senate are marching to their own drummer, not you.
We R behind you I know about 100 Ppl voted for you,None changed their mind! We will come to D.C. to get anti - Constitution Fascist Ppl out!
How much is Donald paying you to troll?
Get AGJeff Sessions to rerecuse himself and help you fire the Coup that is going on and file charges on Comey, L.Lunch,Bill &Hillary Clinton
unlike the rinos who oppose you we will follow your lead...
Ugh. Every single day.
Looks as if he has won!
Quit lying and just go away.
So SC needs border control. Have you ever looked at a map Donnie?
You only want to denie Obama's legacy. Your view: Fuck the people. Wish u once lived like real people. 
#health4all

Start by not letting rodman back
#lieslieslies #taxcutfortherich
No republican candidates are interested in seeing their constituents. #notmypresident #resist #liarinchief
God bless Mr. President please get it done. please make sure people with pre-existing conditions are covered and affordable
Health care that is not even shared with the citizens of the USA. This isn't back door Trump Inc deals sir! We need to know every aspect!
ready for some changes that might actually make sense!
Nothing great about you and your policies.  You epitomize treason and corruption.  No empathy. No heart. No good.
You should grow up big child
How are you going to pay for all of your tax cuts? Shut down a couple of cities the way you did your casino in Atlantic City?
Border security? How's that? No wall ever built! Where's your wall Donald??
There's always tunnels!!!!! Ha
Do you do any REAL work?  Not fake work like you pretending to do
Where is the wall? Ann Coulter wants to know.
your the one along with the Republican's that are killing healthcare.  You did everything you could to kill Obamacare....very sad donald
Another lie from the Chief liar.
Being represented by someone who doesn't live in the constituency where he/she wants to represent can cause a stigma to the constituency
Soooo.....that's today?  Have not seen either!
#douchebag
#VoteBlue  #VoteBlue 
Lies! Wasting money on a wall is not great border security. Throwing 23 million off HC is not great HC.
Single Payer Healthcare, and we need a wall around you to save this once great country. Everyone vote Democrat to get these creeps to go!
Uh huh. And super great swamp land for a very very good price I hear.
Good joke
Health care, the wall. W.T.F., Ford closing a plant in Michigan n building one in China. What about protecting American jobs ?
Jules is back
You're getting the lowest approval rating! 36%  SAD!
Ugh!
Trump could score big league approval by refusing to sign the senate HC bill and send it back to make more generous to the people.
Do you understand that just saying it does not make it so?
You mean  Trump garbage care your plans a disaster

Still an idiot.
All good to hear.
Donald, please bring Obama to justice for endorsing political candidates as president!  Oh, wait
I'm a trump supporter,we need to stop the aliens at the border ,we have to get our country back from the snowflake liberals
