awesome!
@Imawear Worldwide shame moves mountains.
Hillary / Trump that was our 2 choices.  As we see , shes unstable.
Those are all truths. @POTUS lied to the American voters in the most blatant way possible and should be ashamed 4 it
Football is a traditional thing, just like Christmas or any other holiday,  and traditions are signs of values and family. Keep it fun.
Football is a sport. It is not a national holiday.
Yes its a sport,  we all love and look forward 2. And its the start of the holiday season. It brings people together.
I love baseball and the Cubs. But I'd quit my fandom in a second if police brutality became extinct.
Yes,  if it truly changed the outcome.
Hey @realDonaldTrump PROVE IT! You've lied about donations B4. Post the bank transfer or copy of negotiated (canceled ck), THEN we'll thank
2/YOU. You lie so much about everything--even STUpid stuff-that you believe yr own lies. @realDonaldTrump if your lips are moving yr lying
Nk what did OB donate to natursl disaster bictims? Oh yea- Big Fat Zero. He probably took money-
It's about time. Rachel Maddow has been reporting on it all week. Must have felt the pressure to unload it.
They should End ALL of that Illegal Aid to Israel, and we'll have Plenty of Money.
The American people do NOT Support Israel - US Politicians support Israel, cuz they're being Bribed and Blackmailed by AIPAC & the Mossad.
Thing is, local governmental bureaucracies are preventing the millions of dollars from getting to get to the people that really need it.  
Guarantee the media won't talk about this!  #MAGA
No because it's a loe
He is a Libtard!  His profile pic says it all
Inauguration only cost $25 mil. Y’all had $107 mil to play with and are only giving away $3 mil to victims? Donnie pockets the rest?
Wow. Be happy someone is giving. I am sure your not.
1.5 to harvey and 1.5 to irma
So none of that is DISHONEST DON's money. Not surprising! It's MUELLER TIME!
I think that's a Wonderful thing  y'all are doing in their time of need and Grief! God Never Sleeps!
Tax write off. #STUPIDPRESIDENT
Good!
Yeah and I'm Harry Potter...
Jesus please let Amazon be in charge of distributing relief in Puerto Rico. People are dying because of you @potus
You claim to be a billionaire that's not even pocket change to you. Kick some money down dammit!
Awesome
How much are Dems/Libs/MSM/Hollywood/NFL/Coaches/Soros donating ?? Just wondering, they are so quick to attack our POTUS tho.
3 million? What a joke.
How much are you donating, Dutch terrorist?
wait show the proof..too funny
That’s all??  Pathetic. You have 10s of millions in surplus. Very pathetic.
You raised over $7M from NFL owners. How about all of it?
What are you doing with the other 47 million you over-raised and didn't spend?  Please itemize.  Many thanks!
Where's the rest of it? Wasn't that to have been donated, already?
What about the other approximate $50 million?
Who will that be donated to?
Trump said he had the votes to pass his killer health care bill but a Senator was in the hospital.

Tom Price Discusses the Use of Private Jets by Congress on CNBC https://youtu.be/3QX6DpvPNB0  via @YouTube

They're more like magats bc they love eating the shit they're fed
I'll believe it when I see the receipt from the charities. #LiarInChief #Grifter    
You're on a roll @realDonaldTrump
What is the Clinton Foundation doing?  That's right .......they actually make money from other people's misfortune.
Can you explain that in more detail? How exactly do they make money from others misfortune? I would like to sue them for that. And why do you think they have to donate to American citizens. If there are so many other organizations assigned already?
Woo hoo, Draining the swamp .. This was one of your turds wasn't he.
HHS Secretary Tom Price RESIGNS in disgrace
Since people want to question if he will do this:
Basically Drumpf is giving away other people’s donated money so that he gets another tax break for charitable giving & as a P.R. Stunt!
What are they doing with remainder of money?? Who's pocket is it ending up in??
Conman @realDonaldTrump retweet as it came from HIS personal pocket! It is OTHER PPL donations! We must have PROOF WHO received, how much!
Wait. Don't they have like a $50 mil surplus?
So what! Its an awesome generous gift. Why do you have to hate on everything? Your constant outrage detracts from legitimate concerns. #Jerk
@realDonaldTrump has a strong habit of lying about donating $, And more despicable, stealing $ from charity to cover his debts and pledges
Stealing? You need to put the kool-aid down. Your hate won't change facts. So, go ahead.... be miserable.
Expect indictment in NY for his well-documented stealing from charity. Trump Foundation was a fraud and exposé  won Pulitzer last year.
So did the Clinton Foundation. Where's that expose? Why are you demanding charges for that?
They were vigorously investigated...all bullshit.  Stop this ridiculous propaganda. It’s not even remotely the same.
Totally the same. And no they haven't been investigated. Your hate has blinded your sense of reason
How much money was spent from the inaugural fund to decorate Pence's house?
No one has given more or  raised more then POTUS for Americans or Vets GOP is a damn disgrace for not backing him 100% Senate has failed him
7 followers You are the troll
# RachelMaddow.lmao last nite you put forth the bullshit that this money was for lawyers in Russian scam.WHEN WILL YOU EVER REPORT THE TRUTH
Liar...just a lie. Prove it liar. Prove one thing in your talking points to be factual. Forget this
Why only $3 Million? Didn't they collect like $60 Million more than they needed from donors?
How racist of them!

Is this like guilt money?
Since your slow response killed people in Puerto Rico?
It isn't guilt since Trump has no guilt. He's a sociopath. Have you ever heard him apologize for anything? Show empathy?
The American people do NOT Support Israel - US Politicians support  Israel, cuz they're being Bribed and Blackmailed by AIPAC & the  Mossad.
@HWL53 @GOPChairwoman
I stand AND I fight for OUR #NatSec. I'm fmr USN LT, & fmr FBI Unit Chief, rptd fraudulent FBI vetting, then fired:
Very intetesting article- thks for sharing- Scary as though- #MAGA #KeepAmericaSafe
@Iza77789584 @dcexaminer What about Crooked ? Any donations other then her big mouth
There must have been a lot of Russians at Trump's inauguration. That's the only way you could have made more than Obama's record-breaking crowd.
Elections are more important, not your doctor  up pictures! Resistance is futile!
It was important enough for trump to continue lying and moaning about it for... how many months ?
Now that’s MY president! 
Lies...all lies
Other people's money
This is great news! 
Yes… so kind of Trump to donate his DONOR's money. He'll never give them a dime, let alone the $33 million in taxes he owes Puerto Rico!
Houston still waiting on promised donation from Trump!
Nope, it's complicated
Trump also filed bankruptcy in PR and left 33 million unpaid tax debt. So only 30 million left to pay 
Beauty of bk laws many people utilize
He has used that beauty to bankrupt contractors from not paying them. He’s a con man!
You are welcome to your opinion. If you have inside info, good otherwise you are assuming. I've had contractor cheat my 90 yr old mom
Trumps practises have been well documented. Point is you would never vote for the contractor who ripped your mom off.
Trump is that contractor and now he’s president. Still engaging in unethical financial dealings as potus.

#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
Thank you for sharing this news.  The people it helps will be grateful.
Absolutely . My conscience is free from guilt. Those names r so over used- they have lost all their meaning now. #MAGA 
CNN, MSNBC, and MSM, take a break f/the POTUS bashing & report t/donation. BTW, if reporters don't under stand logistics t/shouldn't comment

Trump's donation will be divided equally b/w American Red Cross,the Salvation Army &Samaritan's Purse
Liar
It's unlikely he hears the mad cow at all.
I don't believe it. Show us paperwork.
As long as Clinton foundation doesn't prepare the paperwork, I believe
Match that Democrats! Oh wait, they are broke...hehehe
Dems are far from broke, Comrade B17 as most of us are well educated, informed and read citizens. SAD!  #UBum
DNC cash: 2.8 million  The Dems are far from broke eh?  hahahaha

 RNC cash: 45.8 million    #MAGA
At least we don't pay for defending deplorable American traitors, Comrade B17 so all well our end. SAD!  #RussiaGate
This unlikable, out of touch, Money grubbing Hillary is killing you guys!  Please find some leadership/ message before its too late! #MAGA
Never heard of well educated, read and travelled ladies on killing sprees, Comrade B17 so maybe you're popping too many #Viagra pills? SAD!
Thank you @POTUS for your generosity and charity to help our US Citizens. #MAGA

.MSM @CNN care to comment
Let's see, how can they spin it?
Obama, bush raised/spent less than 50 million they Made donations after. Trump raised 107 million. Where’s the rest $
Perhaps tucked away for next win!!
Democrats would never do this!
All have donated surplus from inauguration fund within 3 mths. Trump raised double prev funds & can’t account for $$
Link?
There’s like 33 million stories about it. Take you 33 seconds to find them
It’s a fact that all presidents donate surplus from inauguration.
Only after they were outed for not living up to their wordm
Stop it
I agree with you Lea.
AGREE!!! WE JUST NEED TO BLINDLY SUPPORT OUR KING TRUMP WHO #MAGA MUCH EASIER TO JUST BLINDLY FOLLOW THAN TO THINK! 
As long as you recognize
How much more than $3 million is left over, most of which will be going to your and your family's criminal defense fund. #Disgusting.
Better than paying his legal fees!!
I'll believe it when I see it on his tax returns.
Lord knows it wouldn't be out of his pocket.
Dim witted liberals. Trump can do no right. See y'all at the soup lines in 2020
Yeah right, and i would like to sell you some swamp land in DC!
@realDonaldTrump is very good at spending other people's money.
Only because TRMS shamed Donny into taking this money out of his legal defence fund. Many millions still there. But still #neverpence.
How about you post this after the checks have been written.  where is the money trump personally said he would donate?
IF THIS IS ACTUALLY DONE, THEN REPORT AND PROVE IT!
So why pick on NFL...oh...
You won't hear about this on the #FakenewsCNN  Good for you @realDonaldTrump  god bless America and the men and woman who respect our nation
US economy does better under Democratic Presidents and administrations - GOOGLE IT! https://www.google.com/search?num=50&newwindow=1&source=hp&q=usa+economy+does+better+under+democratic+presidents&oq=usa+economy+does+better+&gs_l=psy-ab.1.0.33i22i29i30k1l2.1401.7361.0.11957.25.25.0.0.0.0.254.3119.0j19j2.22.0.dummy_maps_web_fallback...0...1.1.64.psy-ab..3.20.2949.0..0j46j35i39k1j0i131k1j0i67k1j0i20i264k1j0i20i264i46k1j46i20i264k1j0i46k1j0i10k1j0i13k1j0i8i13i30k1j0i22i30k1.223.Yu91iJe0cbY …
Trade ya: taxpayers will cover the $3m, you pay all the expenses for campaign sorties on Air Force 1. Including security and staff.
They have an excess of 47 million dollars, 3 million is a puny donation
Where's the rest of the $50M #crookedDon ?
Ha only after it was questioned what happened to the funds last week?
Finally...did you see a receipt?
What about the remaining $40M+?
Don't be silly!
No one knows what’s left out of the 107 million fund. Overpaid for everything and finances were mismanaged. Deal maker 
Maybe the Clinton foundation will match those funds ???
Red Cross donations are a waste.
THANK YOU! To all the MANY artists that refused to play at the inauguration, ensuring there was money left over for disaster relief aid!
i thought that you personally were donating $1M - can you & your family's defense fund afford that kind of "generosity"?
The people who donated to committee are giving the money. Sort of like when you used your foundation to give to charities.
What about the rest of the money? Going to the loser-in-chief?
Can #Flint Michigan get some help, too from this “surplus funds” you just have lying around? #CorruptGOP
How about the other $50 million or so you didn't spend on the inauguration.  Where are you sending that?
Nice now what has he done with the other 50 million?
Again using others peoples money as a donation Trymp taking credit for it.
America wants to see the receipt
Where's the REST of the money ?  @maddow #maddow
It's about time! Trump spent a lot of that money on renovations at the WH & Pence's home. He still had 17 mil left. He should give more!
What is the "Trump Inaugural Committee"? Sounds like another fraudulent scheme.
We heard that donating stuff before. Check back on it in a couple weeks, you will probably find that money wasn't received.
That's not even your money Donnie. It is the donors money did you ask them first
Is he counting that as his donation?
HE SHOULD ALSO BE PAYING BACK THE $33 MILLION HE STUCK #PUERTORICO WITH! #PuertoRicoRelief #PAYYOURDEBTS
What happened to the rest of the money? You raised $103M! Given the paltry size of your inauguration you couldn't have spent more than $500K
The money from NFL owners? Seems appropriate since you won’t get a dime from any of them again?
Do not believe it
WOW what about the rest of the millions of dollars you are hiding?
Trump Golf Course cheated PR out of $33M, as far as I'm concerned Trump is still in the hole.  Trump Inauguration $ is other people's money
@SenSchumer @SenWarren @NancyPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @MarkWarner @timkaine @SenSanders Cool, what have the democrats donated??? sad [sic] dems
My house was flooded.  I doubt I’ll see a fucking cent from you
America running out of money funding all these natural disasters!!!
What about the rest of the $50 million slush fun @GOP #Complicit #traitors
Is that 3 million rubles or $3M USD? We know the oligarchs flooded the inauguration coffers out of jubilation.
Finally someone tells the truth that it wasn't Trump's money he donated but the funds. I'm impressed. Someone is a truth teller
Matching funds from the democrats???  I doubt it.
Words. words....words.  All you people have is words and empty promises.  Shame on you
Add that to the 1 million we still haven't seen yet.
@trish_regan Trump inaugural committee just donated $3M to storm victims. Dems would  have given it to DNC for reelection fund. GOP class.
Lost count on your lies!
$3M Isn't that cute. Fuel, medicine, food, shelters, hospitals? But 3M...sure.
Only $3MM??? What happened to the rest of the surplus?  Its going to take a hell of a lot more to recover/ rebuild PR.
What about the Clinton Foundation. Haven't heard of them giving anything to these poor people.

Where's the other 75 million!
That's chump change compared to what was raised. Where is the rest of the money?
Where is the rest of the money?
Wow really he should have well over 50M excess all unaccounted for
What a lie.  This money like all tRump fake donations will be funneled back into tRumps pocket or his legal fees
Besides tRump owes PR $33 million for another one of his scams this one he perpetrated on PR.
They should be able to donate 50 million 
#showusthemoney
How much did Obamabinladin or the Clinton Crime Family DONATE - Not a DIME...
So it's not his money, it's his disciples'.  But he will take credit like it is for sure.  
He's the greatest con ever.
Not his own money then, leftover donations, they've had that money for nearly a year!
This is Trump idea of Charity!! Re-routing the charity of others and claiming it is his own. I thought you needed that money for legal costs
#FAKENEWS
What a bastard. Where is the million he promised out of own pocket? That $3 isn't his personal funds and a check for $25,000 is not the $1 M
Bullshit.
Is this the same $3 million in surplus funds promised to be donated months ago?  http://fortune.com/2017/09/17/trump-inaugural-donations-missing/ …    #LyingDonnie
Haven't seen a dime - still promising charities money from his inaugural slush fund -
Trump supporters are giving ? percentage of a political fund for an event that's over?
Using Other People's Money YET AGAIN to try to look like THE FUCKNUCKLE gives a shit.
it's better than nothing
Meanwhile, some of the unspent money was used to renovate the White House and the vice president’s residence.
Sure.  You'll give the actual money right after Donald releases his tax returns, like he promised.  HA HA HA.
Why not directly into PR's treasury to aid in rebuilding? Oh, I see, then 3 CEOs' bonuses would be affected.
They had to be SHAMED into donating! You GOPers should be ashamed of yourselves for even allowing a clown to run on your ticket!
Easy money for the scam artist to take unearned credit
So donations not Trump
did OBUMA or Hillary ever do anything similar to that?
Is that even a real committee?
Do they have money leftover after paying Trump's legal bills? #AlphaBank #RussianServer #TrumpServer
I want some for my non profit, how can I apply?
Let's see a copy of that check. Seeing is believing when 45 is in the White House.
Hillary the true Sexist is out recruiting brainwashed to fight
After they spent surplus funds on changes Trump wanted at the White House and Camp David. He's an expensive Pres more ways than one!!!
...and Draft Dodgin' Donnie gives.... $0
Is this like the million Trump pledged and gave 25 000 nice tax write off for the year! All for Trump immense charity business
Of course you look at Trump giving with hand and taking twice as much with the other through friends and family
Show us proper receipts/proof! Don't believe anything from u lot unless we see it!
his inaugural committe has a surplus of 50 million, what's up with the rest of it, Trump is giving zero out of his pocket,sham
What about the other millions you have not spent?
Right, and the checks in the mail. How much was there before he used some of it for personal expenses?
you mean the funds which are being used for legal expenses? #RussiaGate

Surplus funds because no one went.
So he's donating some1 else's money again..way to go donors,, but why is there still a inaugural commitee?
Ho much has been spent on Donnie's legal bills?????
Rachel Maddow has been on this story all week and deserves some credit for this 
What about the Clinton foundation? Oh, its covering Bill playing golf with Obama and Bush.
Let’s see if FAKE NEWS @CNN reports that
"Surplus funds"?  Apparently the Trump Inaugural Committee was able to secure refunds for all those unused grandstands.
Could be because of the negative press?  @maddow
Yes now tell us where the other 90million is all other and @obamainaugural cost about 3million. The #Trump family is stealing our $$$
What are they doing with the remaining $50-$75M in that fund?

This needs to happen. Trump needs to know about this offer. https://pjmedia.com/video/julian-assange-says-will-provide-evidence-russia-narrative-false-exchange-pardon/ …
$3m? Maybe Al Gore could turn off the lights for a month at his mansion and chip in with the saved power bills.
Where is the proof?
Sure sure
Sure they are, sure wink wink 
When you thought that read "3 million in slurpies funds"
Fascinating. Where is the rest of it. Please account and report. 100+m? Helps VP redecorate? Please explain!
Trump family could and should donate billions!
