The only people you represent are the members of the Trump troops!  Liars, Faux News!
U continue what u are talking about
I will! Hate Trump, know that there are lots of ignorant people out there that don't agree!  You all belong in Prison with your Commandant!
U r just a HRC lover
Obviously, you are an orange fruitcake lover! Personally, I like truth, freedom and free speech! Not racism, hatred, and misogyny!
Or the fact that Obama said to Vladimir that he would help more after the election. U don't know wtf you are talking bout.
I think you have your facts wrong, Obama didn't help him but Trump is trying!
Excused me! Trump is trying to fix all of Obummers messups! I am Not a republican! But 20% uranium sold for the clinton foundatation.
"In God We Trust"
If You Don't Believe It
#HeresYourSign
Discovered in Texas 2012 and was on the news in 2013.
Click Video Link Below
https://youtu.be/ge--3P-VTqA 

May God Bless You All ♡
You Go ☆Fox News☆ 
"In God We Trust"
See You Didn't Believe Me!
#YourSign Was Amazing Right
Here's Another Video Link Below
https://youtu.be/u5SPqMxEjHk 
Enjoy!  
RT @foxandfriends: .@carriesheffield: The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've fai...
Purposely Fail to tell SECRET Anti American Agenda.Use fake PC to hide TRUTH. EXPOSED: SATANIC & SOULLESS~against all that is Good & Genuine
Exactly correct.
Can't audit veracity of this, and the #MSM is not covering,  but here's the #FBI, under #Mueller-#Comey.

So true
Very true
From an Independent viewer: I am starting to think that Fox News will find itself on the wrong side of the story very very soon..
No Fox does their research to make sure it's real news. The others just report and hope its true. Just report the news.
Ha ha haaaa..!  If you believe this, you really are being duped on a daily basis. Do your own independent research and you'll see what I mean..
Media is also on Team Corruption-President Trump U R on Team USA
You are so spot on about that! And glad everyday I wake up I'm on Team USA! #MyPresident #Trump46 
Delusional,  must live in the alt universe!
This is the most dishonest thing
He doesn't need to. He has morons like you to lick it for him!
The mainstream media is to report the news and not shape public opinion.  For to long the media has been the MOUTHPIECE of the DNC!
We have our own minds and can formulate our own opinions. By the way the DNC is a committee. Not Americans that are Democrats! 
Go watch Fox
???? At the same time you call "fake news" you say "watch fox" have you completely lost your mind?
One can say the same for watching CBS, ABC, NBC, MSNBC, CNN.
Exactly my point. They are all the same. Partisan hacks whos sole job its to keep us arguing about, abortion, gun laws, or whats convenient

The only one to denounce the Russia story is Bob Mueller, not Fox News not even Donald Trump.
Fox represents a segment of the population by that's not me, so I look at all news and make my own judgement. #45 move on cause she's gone!!
All media is owned run by Jewish cabal is why Germans killed them and put stop to there gays and porn industry too hahhah
The government needs to take over all news stations
But one outlet has got it right, it solely represents a lunatic....Yayyyy.....
This should be set in stone because it is a FACT. MSM has FAILED over and over and over again to represent the public. #FAILEDUSA , #FAKE

That's because they are mad that he can get the truth directly to the people!
ABC news polls lie. Mr Trump does not have low poll ratings.  We are still with him
Delusional!
Ohhh, this is rich coming from Fox News. The network that exists EXCLUSIVELY for the dumbest, most gullible sludge of the right. Sad!
Umm no more like Hillary and Obama
Umm, good intelligible response that we've come to expect from Trump cult followers.

And this is relevant to what exactly? I know, Trumpers don't need no stinking relevance. Most don't even know what it means.
Now there is a real man!!
So peculiar that it was never fake news until the lying pos who unfortunately was elected.
1/2 the public??? hes down to 36% approval now-and sinking fast
Look at actual polls and ask yourself: What about your duty to represent more than 36% of the American people?
And your one of the 31% who backs a lying POS. POTUS #trumpfakepresident
I LOVE Fox News, the only tv news I watch!
They need to tell the whole truth and not what their newspaper or media wants them to say Every American wants truth not Fake News
The msm has misrepresented the news intentionally for their own anti-American globalist pc agenda & we know it...@TrumpGirlStrong #MAGA
With that bar in mind you failed to represent 1/2 the country.
Agreed
The only real news is Fox, cspan, RT and Sheryl Atkisson Full Measure.
Repeal now. You can always replace later.

Starting new hashtags 
#CNNDelusion
#CNNIllusion
#MSNBCDelusion
#MSNBCIllusion
The truth would be nice. I used to have some respect for their analysis
They failed period from both sides of the table. But then again. We're not looking at them much anyways. Well, some of us won't.
Who said this? FoxNews?
Oh.
The balanced News network between right and alt-right.
Needs to be a better example before it looks at others.
We pray for the families our patriots
Well we sure as hell can't believe the Mainstream Media might as well get it direct from the President!
I love your tweets.  It stopped the Fake news in their tracts.  They all run around like idiots.

Please stay on Twitter Mr President!!
Msm is facts you are for shits and giggles
Its fortunate that Trump has a voice outside of liberal mainstream media control.Can't allow NET NUETRALITY to be lost to media monopolists
Fox should concentrate on delivering facts and not kissing the POTUS's ass:
Half the country needs to block them and insist that cable providers remove them from basic cable package.
Can't take Fox seriously anymore.
CNN is the Cinton News Network
They r such a bunch of liars who r not Journalists It died except for Fox Even Google lies to the Ppl It is sickening
DISGUSTING POS
Baloney! I am sick of Fox claiming they really report the facts to the public! No one at Fox is qualified to critique the mainstream media!
I like your twitter use!  It's about the only way to find anything of real value to read or see!
As you have said ONLY paid attention to half the country.
The MSM has one duty, to report the facts and leave the conclusions to the American people.
Fox is mainstream media.
I AGREE! President Trump was elected by a landslide!  Americans voted by the millions FOR Him. I'm insulted by the "mainstream" media!!
U Rock missy
THAT'S RIGHT YOU ARE ENTERTAINMENT NOT NEWS
I love your Twitter use. Please never stop.
@foxandfriends represents the other half, so what's your problem?
take away those losers' health insurance!! they don't deserve to live!! build the wall!
@realDonaldTrump @carriesheffield trump must tweet..only way we know the real truth..journalists are a thing of the past
That's the president's job. The media INFORMS the public, even if only half of it is willing to be informed.

Isn't Fox part of the MSM? Are you says if that you are neglecting your duty to represent the public with clear true facts?
You know that Fox is one a large media company, right? It's part of the mainstream. This is like Walmart complaining about big box stores.
A dirt clod makes more sense than what Carrie Sheffield just said.
They realize they don't represent us but they don't give a rat's behind
You represent Mr Fart because of the money he pays to you!
Editorial correction: "...to represent less than half of the country."
Not to mention fox is there for you pushing PROPAGANDA while everyone else actually does research and reports the FACTS. Meaning....TRUTH

Half the country???? Less then half the country voted for Trump and approval rates have only declined.
The know-nothing, don't-care half?  You've got that covered.
you're thinking of trump who has failed to represent more than half of the country.
And Are Insane!
The dark state need to be charge with treason, against the american people 
and need to be brought to justice for all fed laws broken
It's sooo SAD that the LEGALS are punished- have to pay taxes, traffic tickets, obey law & ILLEGALS are ABOVE THE LAW in this country. Why??
you are the mainstream media or have your numbers slipped below Breitbart?
The press doesn't represent anything but the truth.  The problem is half the country is deluded.
FAKE NEWS

...Trump and TRY to be journalists, not cheerleaders for a corrupt bunch of liars. Represent the public! Nearly 3 million voted against...
That's how they roll
...that comes from Fox "News." You are SO scared to tell truth that you just spread crap like story about Comey and classified info that...
Have you idiots lost your freaking minds? Represent the public? ONLY real news comes from mainstream media, certainly NOT from BULLSHIT...
In other words, they’ve failed to live up to Fox & Friends’ standards of patriotism by just making things up.
You're kidding right? When all #FoxNews is doing is being a grand stander for the Trumps. Wow.
Tell that to Joseph Goebbels.  

 "Mainstream" media is historically fake.
Seriously,  if we wanted their OPINIONS we would ask.... 
Just report "Facts"...
Memeber that Word?                     The Kings Watching

No you at Fox News are betraying the American People!
so @Foxnews has become the state propaganda machine no wonder you  dropped fair and balanced for #Crooked and will lie for cash
Lock him up.  He did it to a General and he needs to be held to the same standard!
Uh, not half.  Approval ratings are in the low 40's.

The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
@realDonaldTrump @carriesheffield if those sleeves were just a little shorter, there would be trouble!
Twitter allows @POTUS to get his message to 19.1M followers w/out MSM distorting/ignoring his message because it doesn't fit their ideology
Sort of how the administration has failed to represent HALF of this country??
The media shouldn't "represent" anyone.  It should report facts. If those facts bother you, suck it up and deal.
I don't need any representation out of MSM. All I want is some facts. I'll decide the truth. I represent myself
You're right. They represent the majority of us which happens to be = to the # of people who voted for HRC! #shewascheated #youcheated
Reich Ministry for Public Enlightenment & Propaganda gonna have some splainin to do and hopefully soon...

Heil Trump
@realDonaldTrump @carriesheffield u r mainstream media that reps half of country or hopefully less, money n ratings apply
Which half does Fox "represent"? #foxisdying #unfitfortv #onesided
Absolute truth.
If you mean the half who don't care that we have a sexist racist nasty disgusting president in the White House you're probably right
What do you call the media you are using if not MAIN STREAM? Bozo.
Trumpito Humpito DOES NOT represent half the country.  Think of those who didn't vote to start with. Ailes--he's deceased. Big estate.
If Republicans would take a stand none of this nonsense would be happening. I'm mailing Mitch and Ryan a pair of panties
The President uses Twitter to communicate to the public directly without the media possibly distorting or criticizing his message !
In other words, don't blame the message, blame the messengers. Only half not being represented are those with heads in sand. #FreePress
Haha they don't like the new era of government transparency. I love seeing President Trump's tweets and info!!!
It's not their job to represent. They're not elected. It's their job to cover news, investigate and report their findings to the public.
First, BULLSHIT. Second, FOX fails to represent the other half. Are we even now?
You mean the Free Press?
I love what Trump is doing. But you have forgot about the corrupt IRS. They need firing like the VA
Meet with russians bad! Meet with iranians good! ---obama
What percentage of the country does a president represent who deports veterans, tears down lgbt rights, and destroys medicaid?
As journalists, your allegiance should be to verifiable facts established by evidence, NOT to telling certain people what they want to hear.
NOPE. Less than half. FYI
Bangladesh sex
This fake news crap is the demise of @CNN and will be of @MSNBC. #cnn is already getting hit with negative ratings!
It's not a news organisation's job 2 represent anyone. It's 2 tell facts
Well, they are representing MY half, which President does not want to do. Sad to be American for 82 yrs & then b forgotten!
Lies and boring
you are ridiculous. It should be ILLEGAL for you to call yourselves a news organization.
Fox News:  The Trump State Run News Organization.  Like what Goebbels made for the Nazi Party.

No wonder you are losing viewers.
That is libel, and slander.  I hope Comey sues.
Trump should turn in his resignation and take his family and worshippers to Russia
The MSM is not supposed to 'represent' anyone.It's their JOB to do their JOB which is UNBIASED http://REPORTING.News  is non-discriminating

Don't worry. The "other half" of the country has you to represent their distorted view. It's not like you represent both halves. Hypocrites.
They realize it, they don't CARE!
Way more than half of the country are conservative Christians #MAGA
Which half? Uneducated? Conservative? Unemployed? Christian? Educated? Liberal? Employees? Nondenominational?
We don't believe them anyway.  They are all liars.
Faux News:  Sex Offenders and Conspirators!
Gotta love Carrie. So beautiful
Says the network with a deep culture of sexual harassment.
we dont even watch #MSM news or shows just internet Netflix n Hulu n FB n Twitter etc @FoxNews AT LEAST GETS BOTH SIDES
More like 27 percent, but it's OK. They only watch FNN anyway.
@DrEstella @carriesheffield the MSM MEDIA IS JUST PART OF MANY BUSINESSES THE CORPORATE OWNS, THE MOST PROFITABLE CHEAP GOODS
FAKE NEWS  Sad you don't know what you are doing in the Whitehouse.  YOU WANT TO BE AN OLIGARCH, we get it. Go to Russia for that wish
@POTUS  please keep on tweeting Sir.  It's the Only way we get Real News from you.
Neglecting their duty, @FoxNews has failed to represent 65% of the country. #Resist
I got a song for Hillary don't be a loser don't be a fool with your life say all the money back that you stole from us and just keep crying
As part of the "mainstream media," is this Fox News calling itself out?
Trump represents less than half of Americans.  His antics are news worthy.He is POTUS scrutiny came w/the job. His stupidity is captivating
Amen
As has Fox News at every turn. You all are treasonous.
I don't think you believe that - I think, like the rest of us, you find the current occupants in the White House to be an embarrassment
Again, #FoxNews IS #fakenews. The mainstream media is reality-based.
#IllegitimatePOTUS #PutinsPuppet, not so.
Bullshit.
So you site right wing msm as proof?
Fake and gay
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …

Half the country are Fake People anyway, aren't they?
Love how Fox tries to exclude themselves from the mainstream media, guess what? Fox "News" is mainstream media. Right wing elites.
Trump's  transparency is a blessing unlike the dems media always trying to canive up some fake story!
They need to grow up!
Potus has great tweets--unlike the media who are so negative, IT STINKS!
If media would publish something good for a change, all the tweets from the ''positive' Potus would be a blessing to you--but no u dont want
Look out, CARRIE... FOX & Friends is giving you the look 
And Fox fails to represent the other half.
So FOX "news" has stopped their sexual harassment long enough to attack our right to petition the government for redress of grievence.
Yes, Trump has critics. It's that First Amendment "...petition the government for REDRESS OF GRIEVANCE" thingy. Why does FAUX "news" attack?
Why do you ATTACK our 1st Amendment and Free Press. SPECIFICS??? SPECIFICS???  No, never. Just lying, damaging verbiage.
.EXCUSE ME BUT ONE FOURTH OF THE COUNTRY.  THE QUARTER THAT VOTED FOR LYIN' TRUMP.  HILLARY WAS LIKED MORE THAN HIM BY 3.8 MILLION  PEOPLE !
YOU ARE mainstream media as much those you claim.  FOX is a major network, therefore MSM.
Thank you so much for honoring the American people with your personal tweets!  Much appreciated and it has made me tweet back. I am heard.
@realDonaldTrump Funny that you retweeted this as @FoxNews has only been represented the far right for years. 
#NiceTry
No matter what the President of the United States does the Democrats will not be satisfied
1/2 ?  I'd say 80 %
Why you guys are there to misinform the 34% of idiots that follow you and Trump.
Fox fails to represent 60% of the country
Donald Trump jr.  --now a reason for dems to cry foul again--when there is no foul except for the leaking H.C emails!
I like Potus tweets!  It beats all the negative critics & the hypocrisy of the media networks like CNN & NBC who should be ashamed!
Modern Potus can tweet all he likes!  It's called FREEDOM---Critics? Well then just don't read them!
WHEN THE LIGHT FLASHES THE COCKROACHES SCATTER---so when Potus tweets i guess the cockroaches hate it.
So which tweet do they hate the most? Is it the one about making America great again?  OR IS IT THE ONES THAT EXPOSE THEM?
