this is an about loving our country about you being a spoiled brat who needs attention all the time
https://www.state.gov/j/drl/democ/ 
it's really nice to know that a hypocrite like you like what the Cowboys did! We all know you're a racist Donald!

See him he's all about kissing Russian Ass. He's not American. He's ur racist,, pudding grabbing president.
Now we know why she has only 8 followers
Notice she doesn't interact with them? Every tweet is aimed at conservatives
Her followers are probably her other accounts.
I think mr dump is wasted our tax money to gave thrm fornlmed country armed when u should think of us .shame on u
Fake news from the fake potus.
mm2
Wow mr. Trump... Are u still on that kick. About people. Get ur head out of ur add
U all know this all bullshit i think preident is abuse his power by telling ever body has to stand up. Instead of kneeing. Mr. Preident
September 26th, 2017: ...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team, they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
Ever read the #FirstAmendment?... Wait; can you read? #MoronInChief
Standing for the National Anthem doesn't mean love of country. Actions do...By colluding with Russia,Trump showed his hate for this country.
That is ignorant, it does show love for your country. Besides Hillary and her team has been the ones proven to have calloused with Russia.
How's the weather in Moscow, "Lindsey"?
I don't have to know what it is like because of the men and women that did pledge allegiance to our flag and some died for it. I honor them
And I love my country.
I'm sure you do, "Lindsey". That's why you support a known con man, Donald Trump. 5 time draft dodger, DT, who attacks war heroes & POWs.
Do you support Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama?
I voted for HRC, because it was clear to me that Trump was incompetent. I would have voted for almost anyone but him. Both HRC & BO > Trump.
No. No. No. @dallascowboys dropped to their knees as racist sympathizers. Football is not politics. A game is not a rally. They blew it.
Exactly. Think back to how this all started. Obama, of course, always stirring the pot. This is black on white racism & cop hatred. @NFL
U hv serious mental issues if peaceful protest equates to racism in ur mind
Peaceful protest DOES NOT BELONG ON THE FOOTBALL FIELD! They are employees beholden to us. WE pay for those stadiums. Or didn't u know that?
Lebron called you a bum
And much of America is calling for your impeachment.
We love You So Much Trump.
#SupportingTrump
Said no one
Thanks for helping to ensure @POTUS reelection in 2020
here's mine great minds think alike 
Popular vote 3 million for Clinton
At least those voting for @POTUS were above ground http://m.tmz.com/#2016/11/08/dead-people-vote-los-angeles/ … #TrueTheVote #MAGA
Yes all of his kids 10 or 12 times. And on and on. At least we don't support a draft dodger and then say we care about patriotism
Boy he must be one hell of a man to have 63mil kids #Daddy
if you wanna fight police brutality do it before games , not during the anthem it's disrespectful to the people who have lost their families
Wait didn't you just take a victory lap for the booing?  Now you are saying that it's a victory because they stood after kneeling?
He is always trying to confuse us! He is an imbecile!
what about the people who burned the flag and flew it upside down when Obama was president. You're a hypocrite
But, when the anthem plays, 1 should stand at attention w/right hand over heart. No talking, swaying, locking arms, etc.
They kneel to express unity and equality. Two things impotent, DOTARD tRump will never "get" @realDonaldTrump
Some progress but still no leadership from Gerry Jones! Their half measures are not enough.
Received @PapaJohns coupons in the mail today and I threw them in the trash.

"When NFL kneels my wallet stays sealed."
+ad

#TakeAKneeNFL
You are too generous, Sir. They are fence straddlers to protect their paychecks, worse than the ones who openly protest.
Fuck you! It's not about our country and u know it you sorry sak of  #TakeAKnee
we love our country, we HATE YOU.

You're an idiot and a Nazi loving racist
Five time draft dodger.
Military and Vets still see it as a disrespect of Our Country! Sorry Pres Trump-it's STILL a NOGO for us!
This country hates you.
I agree. @dallascowboys respect our country. You know who doesn't? You!
Wow back pedal much
I can't stand for the anthem, I have a sore foot
They caved in to left-wing BS. I don't watch football for politics. It was one way to get away from it. 
NO more!
YES! TOTALLY AGREE! Just play football, DAM! Watch College MORE games & no political crap at least not YET.
If they would just call it praying, it would stop.
Dallas is still wrong. The flag doesn't have anything to do with social injustice or police brutality. The police treat them by how they act
Good Lord, enough already!!!  They love their country.  This is not about the flag or the anthem. Sad you don't get it...
How can a flag be such a big deal to ppl who burn crosses? #BoycotttheNFL #imwithKaep #takeAknee @TheView @ananavarro @WendyWilliams
Unbelievable how you decide to work on players kneeling in the NFL instead of how Puerto Rico is half underwater. I guess this is America.
No greater patriot than some pathological douchebag who took5bullshit deferments2avoid military service.U obviously think service is4suckers
Yah rite Shitler, u love USA, like when u kneel down to the crotch of ur prime lender & mancrush Vladimir, and the Russian mob, ur owners.
They still showed unity which you know pisses you off ... aren't you sick of loosing! No one respects you No one likes you
Michelle Obama for President. We need the Obamas back in office.
#GiveColinKaepernickbackhisjob
Shouldn’t you be focused on Puerto Rico, St Croix, St Thomas and St John - 4 AMERICAN OWNED ISLANDS DESTROYED BY MARIA, a hurricane!
"Big progress being made..."
D'you watch the documentary I sent you?
http://www.alternet.org/video/americas-mobster-president-new-evidence-dutch-public-tv-documentary …
You're right, big progress *is* being.
I love our country enough to detest you.
Any legislative accomplishments?

God hates sin

Only we were able to get the disrespectful USA/flag hating Dallas Cowboys to get off their knees for the anthem. Huge progress!

Why don't you talk about why they are kneeling you Putz.. that is what a leader would do.. Putz!!!
Looks like Trump had to be the fall guy for the players to start loving their owners again.
Jerry sold out but the commissioner and NFLPA sold him out!!! #MAGA #GOTRUMP #RIPNFL
You snowflake don’t need to work?

Big progress being made??? lmao  you've done nothing but spread hate and fear to US citizens..so sad..from a concerned proud Canadian.
Agree with you Mr. President
White Supremacists marching with Nazi and Rebel flags causing mahem and death. Dotard response? They're some fine people in that group.
While #melania dropped 2 her knees on a spit and & promise, she still stands dreaming of final divorce papers #trump #kushnerbirther #resist
美国的9.11…欧洲国家现在面临的恐怖威胁！亚洲现在面临同样的问题…其根缘还是在贫穷和战争！阿富汗16年反恐战争…美国耗费了大量财力.结果还是增兵！伊拉克战争.导致部分地区被恐怖分子战领！战争.杀戮.仇恨继续转化成恐怖主义！（如果将战争的开支.用于改善阿富汗民生！会怎样？）
Please do your job, you clown.
Sports owner's should have this rule in all there player's contracts. If they are a ture American. Respect the America Flag for eternity!!
Remember when Steph Curry hung out with Obama in the Oval Office?  Good times!
Hahahaha. Unreal
The Dallas Cowboys took a knee to protest you and your racism. You're just not smart enough to get that.


Read the Constitution!
The NFL didn't allow u to own a team becaue u were a threat to the brand.There are 22 teams and Dallas is not the headquaters.
Were you thinking of the flag and our military when you took deferment after deferment for made up medical reasons?
Sorry Mr President, NO ONE should be dropping to a knee. Leave politics OFF the field.
Progress for sure, but still disrespectful to our military and our flag. Only time will tell if other teams will grow up.
I hate the Cowboys however, I respect them for standing for OUR NATIONAL ANTHEM.
Not
Whatever
If we let u have this, will u drop the topic?
no  no, no, no , no
You cannot take credit for this (I know your Pets will, but your TrumPets are #Sad


The National Anthem  makes reference to slaves in a demeaning way. Read it for yourself.
Why won't McCain take a stand on NFL players disrespecting our Anthem if he is such a "so called hero"?
Wtf is wrong with you??? Stop this nonsense NOW!!!' Take care of business--
1 Players insult US to protest inequality
2 Fans stop watching
3 Revenues drop
4 Players make less $
5 Inequality improves
 #BoycottNFL
Agree but the problem is future NFL players will suffer. The current ones already have their contracts. Sad
#gettingcloser #smokeandmirrors he's had a lousy week... he's #deflecting and #distracting us. #pussygrabbers fav thing #doubleD
Disrespect..... when someone fakes a debilitating bone spur on there heel to avoid serving their country. BIG COWARD, Trump Trash
What about Puerto Rico?
In order to love this country, you have to love the rule of law and the Constitution. You love neither.
Tu solicita a la Unión Europea que siga el ejemplo de EEUU y Canadá y congele las cuentas que los funcionarios de Maduro no tienen allá

Go to Puerto Rico you delusional twit.
You're so oblivious.  You're a joke.
@dallascowboys
the @NFL New Headgear was adopted by the Cowgirls ...  
Interesting interpretation.
Had they knelt during anthem. I would have not watched them anymore. I would watch Arizona and Washington lose. Anytime.
This is NOT ok! They couldn’t honor Dallas police or 9/11 hero’s, but knelt in solidarity to haters of USA!
Big,very big,great,very great,many,many many
They were kneeling as priest to you dotard!

WHERE? Not in this country under your fake leadership
Your not even white! Your orange!
I don't think you wanna' bring up anybody or anything that 'dropped to its knees' #DOTARD!

Those that stood up for the national anthem tell them congratulations they are Real Americans.
QUIT worrying about the NFL and pay attention to important world events. Also I am going to get you blocked from twitter.
Shut up, you asshole! Shut up!

Time to come together people
Shut up


A truly meaningful way to show love for country is by paying a fair share of taxes, proportional to real income. How do you do on that DJT?
Guess that you do not understand the reasoning behing the kneeling? It is to show support for Black ppl who have been gunned down by POLICE!
It is not to disrespect the Flag or the USA, it is showing the lack of government's response to doing something legally to put an end to
They aren't disrespecting America. They are disrespecting Trump cause he's a joke
Anthem/flag don't represent bad cops! Bad cops responsibility of cities/states, Shouldn't condemn Amer because of incompetent mayors,
I hope you get eaten by a wolverine.
EVERYTHING U SAY IS BIG PROGRESS BS... U HAVENT ACCOMPLISHED DICK BUT DIVIDING OUR COUNTRY! 70% of us smart Americans know ur a disease!!
If kaspernick has a message to send why doesn't he open his moulth Donald trump doesn't love his country he only love Donald trump
Birther 1: Send 3M US flags to PR. Delivery in person. Send water, food, gasoline, and supplies.  You will add 3M standing patriots to base!
All day long all day long all day long
Liar liar they never let you win
Liar liar everything you do is sin
Liar nobody believes you
I want the cowboys to refund my money on these $70/ea jerseys 4 fraud! They painted a picture of a patriotic American team but they are not.
You are a flip-flopper
Hahahahahahahaha
Hahaha, they were protesting you...that's the best part! Notice they stood for the anthem
You clearly don't get this, do you?
Bottom line protest is against your foul mouth heart and mind.  Even if standing on their heads its against you..look in the mirror.
#fakecontroversy. When are you going to get off your ass and help Puerto Rico? #realpeopledying #trumpdoesntcarebevausetheyrebrown
#realamericansdying #trumpdoesntcarebevausetheyrebrown
: Having debased the consultative nature of party politics, #Trump is now a #fascist #dictator  usurping democracy

convenient way to deflect attention from the on going crisis at the White House. Misdirection for the gullible.
People are on their knees begging you to pay attention to issues of People of Color like thos in PUERTO RICO! Shut up and get MORE HELP.
Refuse to watch anymore. Refuse to buy tickets also. Boy we will save a lot of $. Their loss
You're delusional. Get some help.
If our actions are an indication of our beliefs these people aren't showing love for our country.

We all hate you
Clearly, the only thing you love is yourself.
When minority's learn respect they'll get respectYou can't be on drugs,have a gun, try to run or use your mouth,talking back 
RESPECT FIRST
Big progress being made no thanks to you.
So great to see progress
YOU R A SICK 71 YEAR OLD RACIST HICK. IN FACT YOU REPRESENT WHAT WHITE TRASH REALLY IS. That SHOULD MAKE YR KIDS & GRANDKIDS PROUD! #mueller

Not buying the advertised products of NFL games would cause the NFL to become very patriotic.
NFL is done. Finished. Can they now stop using tax money to build stadiums? Cut their pay and let them finance their own needs.
I tried to use my white priviledge yesterday and didnt work. Still had to get up this morning for work and bust my ass
Cowboys Nations
This dude here  like a flat fool! Just shut up, be quiet and wait for impeachment hearings to begin!
Absolutely
Trump showed how much he didn't honor the flag when he dodge the draft 6 times COWARD

I think you should invite #AlejandroVillanueva to the WH & thank him on behalf of America for being a lone soldier who stood for our anthem
WE DO YOU DON'T!!!! YOU ONLY LOVE YOURSELF YOUR A HEARTLESS CHILDISH HABITUAL SHAME!!! #RESIGNNOW #DISGRACE2USA
You clearly didn't learn anything from that moment. Sad!
Yes we love our country. You, not so very much.
I don't love what you and your constituents are  turning this country into
They need to block Donnies twitter because dude doesnt know when to STUF.
We DO love our country, which is why we're stressed out about having a mental case in the Oval Office. Please resign!!
Very disappointed in the Cowboys
