It's sleazy Shiffs job to make the other sleazy lawyers make money so they kick back  to the democ
And you spend all your time watching TV because you're so obsessed with what people say about you. You are a disgrace, how about that?
SHIFTY SKIFTY 
Go @RepAdamSchiff !!! 
yeah he needs to go right out the door... you sleezy dumacrats are sounding like a broken record..................... sore losers get over it..    trump won , thats all i need to focus on!!!!
ALL THIS "WEASEL" SCHIFF IS A "SLEAZE-BALL....
I think that Trump and his base are feeling the heat. Trump is going to jail. Hear that Trumpanzees?
I bet he wears diapers and socks his thumb. How childish he is
Can't you just #bebest and act with courtesy and respect?
Dont you have any shame?  any self respect ? ... any brain left ?!
you dumacrats are sooooo pissed and i love it.. hey trump won and thats all that matters here!!!!  bitch all you want to and it aint going to change anything... you all sound like a broken record and it's getting really old.. you whining..................
Stop his paycheck! He needs to go back to work! Enough !
Sleazy Donny Trump, the total baby man spends all of his time lying about "Russia" and pushing "fake news" on television & then watching it
THATS TRUE HE LIKES CAMERA TIME - weird looking to say the least - creepy - you know what I mean !  SKIFTY is the name that fits - illegal spying leaker !
US government illegitimate. Arrest traitorous congress & supreme court. Hang 5 all ex-US presidents in 2018. Barry/George/Bill/George/Jimmy
Scotland Germany Australia Mexico France and Canada support this message
de niro needs a swift kick in the ass!!!  go back to where he was born.. we don't need you here in america.
Do some work for the American people!!! Get off twitter!!! Is this what you hired scaramucci for???
RUSSIA. Stop the name calling, jerk.
Lol.. Sleazy Adam Schiff? I can come up with other adjectives to describe him. But, sleazy. NO! This good comedy. Desperate!
Nothing says "Leader of the Free World" like childish name calling. If you want our respect, then speak & comport yourself as an adult.
thank you @RepAdamSchiff  for your courage and your true AMERICAN values.  We need more voices like yours to speak truth to power
I think you mis-tweeted "Mr President" that should read "I'm Sleazy Donald J. Trump" ... a simple mistake, for you Mr. Simpleton Trump.
I see it's back to name calling. Grade 4 stuff. Does that excite your other frade-4 type followers?
Keep tweeting.....
I must agree "sleazy" is the right word for Adam Schiff......He represents nothing but obstruction and hate to We, the People!
Every time you tweet, our enemies laugh, our allies shake their head and Reagan spins in his grave. You are a disgrace, illegitimate prez.
Pot calling the kettle black much?!?!

#getofftwitter
#doyourjob
#youmustbeveryafraid
#youarethebiggestsleazebagofall
Says the king of sleaze..can't wait until those pee pee tapes are released..#FakePresident #TrumpRussia
SHIFTY SCHIFF STRIKES AGAIN
BREAKING: Sleazy guy calls someone else sleazy.
Your the king of sleaze!!!
You are a national embarrassment.
Yeah more juvenile personal attacks from a 12 year old.. Wait my bad from the US president.. This is like a fucking twilight zone episode.
L2!  You keep making my point even more powerful. Way to go Liar and Loser.
Schiff is 100 times the man, and patriot you are.
Translation: Sleazy Donald J. Trump spends all of his time watching TV.
He's only biased because he won't sing your praise. I mean how much do you bribe a person who called you a hack to now being your side piece

Sleazy? The irony just seems to be never-ending. How would you describe your remarks regarding groping women? Classy?
Now that's a totally totally presidential Way for an adult to talk calling people names.
If anyone is sleazy it's you! Just look in the White House mirror. The world knows you're sleazy!
Wish we had a real president, instead of someone who spends most his time defending himself or throwing his friends under the bus. Sad!
FKN AMAZING,THE MANY CRIMES CLINTONS,OBAMA, LYNCH,HOLDER,COMEY OWN,LIBERALS,WONT TALK ABOUT EVEN 1.WHAT A BUNCH OF ANTI AMERICAN IDIOTS
#Truth 
I guess Dolt had to share 
That's ok he brought backup.
And himself too 
You already know what the "grand finale" is gonna be...
The sleaze ball @RepAdamSchiff is a paid puppet working against Americans. He doesn't even realize he's being taken from behind. #votehimout
If anyone knows sleazy it's you. You're unhinged. And demented. Resign.
You calling someone else sleazy is the epitome of kettle calling pot black.  No matter how much you try to deflect, U R THE KING OF SLEAZE!
@RepAdamSchiff Has More Class DIGNITY Morals Compassion Empathy Decency Something Your FCKING #PUSSYGRABBING PERVERTED AS* WILL NEVER HAVE
Just look in the mirror...that's what sleazy is
YOU are actually calling someone else sleazy?? Biggest joke to date. Besides you of course.
Well, if anyone knows sleazy, it's you. Are you sure you weren't at the Reflecting Pool?
Sorry, we believe and admire Mr. Schiff...we dislike and distrust you.
Trump is a reality TV host who brags about sexual assault. But Schiff is sleazy & spends all his time on television. Sure!
This is the Donald 101. Roger Stone gestapo tactics. Anyone who has dirt on Trump, do whatever it takes to discredit them. Truth be damned.
Adam Schiff leads the House Intelligence Committee. Part of his job to investigate Russia. Trey Gowdy was on TV nonstop pushing Benghazi.
Schiff was on Face the Nation yesterday. Trump wakes up today attacking him. Schiff must be on to something given 45's apparent desperation.
He's renowned for consistently projecting all of his flaws onto others.  Not sure if conscious, or not.
He definitely gaslights on purpose in attempt to flip reality. Trump is also like 75% id so it's subconscious projection as well.
Whats the matter #TraitorTrump? Upset that @RepAdamSchiff got more RT's & Likes for his response to your childish tweet?
#PutinsPuppet
#SAD!
TRUMP looks like a DEMON in holy water.
TRUMP WON!!!!!   THATS ALL THAT MATTERS..   GET OVER IT WHINER
It's like he hits every showin this way he is the face of democrats even more so than crying Chuck Schumer
You know this is about our country, not dems vs. gop.  Clearly though, if we behaved like Russia, the GOP would love this country more.
I see the Dems attacking our country in every way every day--every channel. I've never seen such a mess as the one they swim in
Clearly we're the ones that want to protect our democracy
and you spend all of your time on Twitter being weird...
LOOKS LIKE YOU DO TOO.    WHINER!!

And you spend all your time watching it.
oh really???   is this all you have??     you look like you need to find another country to live in...........................................if you don't like our president ,  move away..
I love that "Russia" is in quotes. Here is a guide on "how" to use quotation marks, Mr. Trump: http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/quotes.asp …
bla,bla, bla,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,broken record ..  stop whining...................
Because you and your compatriots are destroying America. If the only food had a Trump brand; I'd starve
you can always move out of the country.............................. bye
Love you president 
وات فاک هولی جیزس کراااایس ( با جیغ خوانده شود )
Has NO ONE EVER told you that name calling isnt classy, Potus????
is that all you have??   stop whining...........................
Fuck you
and FUCK YOU!!!    TRUMP WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   HAHAHAHAHAHA
"Sleazy" people sexually assault young girls alongside convicted sex offenders. And talk about yacht parties & "hot people" to @boyscouts.
OH REALLY???  THATS WHAT SLEEZY MEANS TO YOU???
stop already. Act like a President!!
you dumacrats stop already.. act like americans and respect our president!!!
I thought you said "You didn't watch Television"?
LIAR!
Have some dignity you orange dump... grow up....
Why do you think his nickname is "Shifty"?
Do you know that when you describe someone as "sleazy", your tapes about grabbing a woman by the pussy come to mind immediately? #SleazyDJT
Good point, Donna! He is the least Presidential person to ever consider running for that office. And, nobody likes him #chrissytiegensaysso
#WakeUpAmerica  #WakeUpUSA   #NOmoreSleazyDemocRATS
Unethical Leaker Schiff, is another deomoRat crybaby!!
Talk about sleazy, you won the golden globe
Calling a congresman sleazy is a tactic beneath the dignity of a public servant. In ur case, business as usual. DJT, ur a disgrace to USA!
Quit It!! My Lord! I hope Barron does not follow your lead with immature name calling.
You wish you were half the man that Adam Schiff is. He's a "legitimate" ELECTED Congressman, Crooked Dumb Donald!
Sleazy Donald J Trump, the totally clueless president destroying America. Spends all his time on television pushing his "win". Pathetic.
Who r u calling sleazy? Aft Billy Bush video u have a lot of chutzpah. 
Look in the mirror - don't you recognize your unsupported biases. That nothing you do is leadership or enjoys widespread support?
He who talks about grabbing women by the pussy should NEVER call anyone else sleazy.
Dummy Donald such a fake Pres!
Stop.it ... .let's get our country back...
Jacob, he spent money for investigation bc trump befriend with the #1 enemy for democracy.  Don't you realize who Putin or Russia is?
Please Mr. President- stay the course. Forget the media and Russia. Don't get distracted. Keep focus on issues. We need you!
The man doth protest too much, methinks.  You seem scared of what they're investigating bruh!
Sleazy!? Such childish bhavior!  U r disspicable! Shame on u!!
Some people spend their time on tv other idiots use twitter.
You are an embarassment and after your very tasteless speech for Boy Scouts??? I only hope you are IMPEACHED! #NotMyPresident
It's a tired, tired false story, that as long as they're banging that drum WE should be making hay regarding OUR AGENDA. 

GETTYUP.
You define "sleazy". You're a national embarrassment. Impeach NOW!
I know you won't answer but I must ask. Why do you call Schiff 'sleazy'? Why do call EVERYBODY names? So childish don't you think?
Well you both are sleezy clueless a$$clowns.. so your point?
your whole fam is nothing but a fake frauds grifters
We are in debt paying for "all" the foolishness taking place in the WH.  The disgraceful behavior, corrupt antics, Russian properties, etc.
You are Sleazy!!!
Weil Schiff does better than you.  You just tweet, tv and golf at our expense.  Intellectually bankrupt. fool. #congress
As your employer I'm telling you to use social media on your own time.  You need to get back to work, now.
If you have access to the President, please, please ask him to stop the school yard name calling. I don't want to completely regret voting!
Breaking News. Putin is a Russian.
Schiff needs to be looking directly at DWSchultz and Awan, there is the LEAKS beginning, not Russia.
It was all clearly reported on Sean Hannity last night.....probable explanation!
How disgusting it is for the president of the United States to disparage members of the Senate of the United States. That is sleazy!
The only one talking about "Dem loss" is you #SleazyPresident #FakePresident. Stop watching TV and get to work!

You spend all your time watching television. I'd say you're the loser in this scenario
President Trump, he is not only SLEAZY but he hates #MAGA
He is sleazy and cheesy.
Schiff has a brain unlike you.  You know your guilty or you wouldn't be trying to stop the investigation.
A national toast to @AdamSchiffCA honest patriot and statesman! Getting disparaging, grade-school nickname signals Job Well Done!  YAYYYY!
SLEAZY is your performance @ Boyscouts' speech. You are truly a corrupt EMBARRASSMENT to our country. Go away! @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
Not too good of a job "babysitting" your inept, mental corrupt daddy @IvankaTrump Isn't that your job disguised as a position in the WH? 
You are  a incredibly hard working guy mr president .energy of evry other pres combined 
There are other offenders that need investigated.
How old are you, that you, as a supposed leader of a country resorts to name calling?
If he had any sense he would stick to radio.  There is something seriously creepy about his dead eyes.
I guess he could spend it golfing and wasting $ and colluding with Russia.
@FLOTUS another example of cyber-bullying for your campaign
... and/o.r. "18 u.s. code § 610 - coercion of political activity"
So exactly when does all the winning start, loser?
You don't respect the law, that's why you will end up in jail! I Hope they throw away the key and pit you in the general population!
Truly sounds crazy.
Along the way by you and your campaign officials
You, Sir are not fit to kneel at the feet of @RepAdamSchiff when it comes to integrity and pride in duty and country, you prove yet again
@RepAdamSchiff is NOT sleazy, unless telling truth 2 power & investigating #RussiaGate is sleazy! You sir r an embarrassment 2 our Country!
A ha, sleazy! More projection by our narcissistic sociopathic president!
Dude. Just be transparent like you said Obama wasn't. All you have to do & we can be past this mess. Instead there's something new every day
LOL!  Po' po' Donny. Does no one like you?  Don Don go to corner and cry now?
Why do you tweet Trump, I will never acknowledge you as the POTUS. You are a mean SOB. Go back to NY and stop insulting the USA. Communist
Shumer is nuts. They lost because they stand for open borders,  more taxes, more government, more illegals in country. Awful people.
Are you talking about the guy that has less features than a pre-paid cell phone?!?  
GROW UP
Got that right on Schiff. Total sleaze/scumbag. Amazed his constituents allow him to waste time doing nothing for them/their district.
You should know who is unfair to your best  pal Vladimir -  you're gonna get caught - just a matter of time
The only loss is the circus and clowns in the Whitehouse getting NOTHING done but Tweets and Cheats!
#DelusionalDonald, the totally bogus President whining about "Russia," spends all his time tweeting, pushing the "I did too win!" excuse.
Yeah, but at least our classy President doesn't waste his precious time posting nonsensical word salad on Tweeter. Oh, wait...
Any use of the word DEMOCRACY OR RUSSIA OVER & OVER IS PART OF THE 2008 'TAKE OVER' OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA A REPUBLIC. BE ALERT.
Hey Donnie, I hear your good buddy Rex is ready to bail on you. You couldn't get sanctions lifted so Exxon could make billions. SAD. #Rexxit
says someone who spends all his time on twitter pushing the "i actually have a big penis" front
@DNC @dncpress CHECK OUT THIS GREAT NEWS DEMONRATS: TRUMP IS OUR POTUS,YEAH BABY AND HE IS DRAINING THE SWAMP & MAGA! TRUMP TRAIN RUN U OVER
Please keep Sessions as AJ. Most loyal & honest of any and is needed in your administration.
How Presidential.
So professional using the word "sleazy"

must be like lookin in a mirror.
Calling names demeans you.
I guess @FLOTUS gave up on her cyber bulling initiative.
inappropriate bully terms - what the heck are you thinking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#I'mWithSleazy
You are the sleaze  You and your buddy Mr. Epstein.  That investigation should be looked at and your involvement in it.  Liar, creep,traitor
A Schiff has ties to Russia why isn't he investigated?
AND YOU SPEND ALL YOUR TIME ON TWITTER!
The idea of YOU calling ANYONE sleazy is laughable. If you were 1/4 of the man Schiff is, your admin/party wouldn't be in huge mess you made
You would know a true sleaze....you're the poster boy.
STOP!  YOUR! BULLSHIT!  PEOPLE ARE SICK OF YOUR EXAGGERATION AND LYING!  GIVE AMERICANS A BREAK FROM YOU AND YOUR TWEETS!
You know who is sleazy? you!
DT you are the sleaziest of all sleaze
@SheriffClarke He has nothing else to push unless he talks about billary & ukraine or uranium one sale Will not do that
The only "sleazy" person in this tweet is you:..be professional for once in your life
While you spend all of your time watching him on tv and making excuses for your popular vote loss.
Sad!
Sleazy Schiff is nothing more than an Orwellian pig at trough right out of Animal Farm he's engages in McCarthyism tactics..gets paid 4 it!
Any chance you could ever have a debate without name-calling or insults?  How about just using facts?  #trumpcantusefacts
Shame on you traitor!! You'll pay.
