#itsMuellerTime
They’re off swimming in the Swamp! Criminals!!
Move on and do your job!!!
What does this have to do with CA or Puerto Rico?
Interesting Headlines in 2009
Shut the fuck up you moron
Investigating you.
#ClintonRussianCollusion
Yes!! Sessions! Reverse your recusal.

Do aliens exist ?
They're busy investigating you.
Isn't it YOUR Justice Dept??
Can you just resign? For our world's sake. Please? Thank you. #ImpeachTrump
Jesus Christ, man. Come knew his job. He did it well. What's your excuse?
You need to fire Sessions and Rosenstein
You're going to jail, you're going to jail.
Trying to deflect from all your indiscretions? We know that's right! #impeach
How’s the Mueller grand jury going? You sound scared.
Yes where is the justice department?  You should have never been President!him up!

Do you always live in the past? The DOJ is under ur control are you asleep at the wheel?
Liberals really love you trump
@realDonaldTrump, the DOJ is busy investigation you! #TrumpRussia You're keeping #TrumpRussia trending. #TrumpisaMoron.
#TrumpMoron
You were the one wanting a fix.
Are you jealous of Hillary or something? you sure use her name a lot
JAMES COMEY THE LEAKER
I bet you wish you could get that deal, eh? Prison's gonna suck.
Triggered ??? #MAGA
You tell us where the DOJ is?  Your in charge, WTF
Why is Mueller investigating Trump/Russia alleged collusion when he is mixed up in covering up the real Clinton/Russia collusion!
Why are Rosenstein & McAbe still working at @FBI when they are mixed up in covering up the real Clinton/Russia collusion for Uranium deal!
You need to drain the FBI swamp! Rosenstein appointed corrupt Mueller when he knew Mueller was involved in cover up of Clinton/Russia ties!
Why are you not tweeting about the bombshell @thehill report by John Solomon about Russian nuclear bribery case involving Hillary Clinton?
As long as Rosenstein & McAbe still work at the FBI, it will remain a deeply corrupt swamp! Drain the FBI swamp! Make the FBI Great again!
Drain the DOJ swamp! Make the DOJ great again! Fire Rosenstein! He is 100% corrupt!
Attorney: Mueller Hid Russian Bribery Scandal From Congress; Must Resign Now -
Why is Trump  not tweeting about the DOJ/FBI cover up of  Russian bribery crimes linked to the Clinton Foundation?
Don't think for 1 second you trying to deflect about Clinton is going to save your ass w/Mueller investigation!
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
GOD BLESS  PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP.
YOU ARE, AND YOU WILL MAKE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Hey SnowFlake...   Dint nobody evah show'd ya how ta disable da CAPSLOCK...   Stupid!
fake account just block
FAKE NEWS & FAKE PEOPLE- Drain the Swamp!
Trump is as fake as you can get.
Mr. President, I can read between the lines. U r one smart kickass that will ever walk this earth.
Where is Tax Returns? #LIAR
Put obama and clinton  in jail soon please
For God's sake stop whining and get on with your job @realDonaldTrump

Clinton was interviewed, dolt.
Mr. Trump is trying his hardest to divert away from what is he truly all about is a lair and a person that no one should trust.
Stop thinking about clinton it about u drump every time they close to get u it witch hurt but not this time they will. So if was me like u i will just give up because the amarican people will get u .... stop thinking about clinton and think ur self ......##
Everyone can see a moron is a moron except for the moron, because he's a moron!!!!
Come on Jeff get your act together  or GO AWAY.  NOW
We always hear how Democrats can't get over yr win. Nope we can't get over how disqualified you are! But clearly you can't get over Clinton!
Yes where is Jeff Sessions? Looks to me like he's hiding behind the scenes, I just don't trust him..He's had to many opportuni
This is my first criticism! You can fire the management of the @FBI and @CIA!  They work at your pleasure.  Not the other way around.
That is a great question, @realDonaldTrump.  I seem to recall that Mr. Sessions work for you - perhaps a performance appraisal is in order?
It's time for you to tell Jeff Sessions "YOU'RE FIRED".
They want nothing to do with you, they have enough problems just keeping the Attorney General out of prison
Ha! You should be getting worried about these 2 disgraceful criminals.
The uranium deal was for a Canadian company. HRC was one of over a dozen groups that were needed to sign off on the deal.
Wow! Who told you that?
 CNN? That's not how it was. Crooked Hillary betrayed America for $$$$.
Those are facts, not what @foxnews shovels you. State Dept wasn't the sole decider
Because of Hillary's greed,  Iran and North Korea now have nuclear weapons. She didn't give a hoot about the safety of America or the world.
Iran doesn't have a nuclear weapon yet. But now with Trump they just might. NK had nothing to do with the Uranium deal.
Working on it & have the uranium they need now thanks to Obama via Crooked Hillary + thanks to the billions in unmarked bills from Obama.
Justice Department is also investigating your collusion and treason with Russia; they're shocked by the Russian rubles in your tax returns.
Their witch hunt hasn't found one damn thing - NOT ONE!
Umm what?
Sounds like someone is getting nervous about a pending investigation…. Is Robert Mueller getting to you?
The Hillery investigation was closed. Why are you the only one that still wants to open it? You're the one who actually broke the law and colluded with Russia.
The only time you tweet about the Hillery investigation is when you know something is coming to a calamity in your investigation. I expect there's gonna be some big news release this week, huh??
The only people who believe your propaganda about Hillary Clinton are those who believe that the earth is flat.  99% of these people make up your base!
Please go back to bed. You are embarrassing yourself and you are embarrassing America
America is a nation of laws and even the President is accountable to the American people. We demand justice.
We need to repeal and replace the treasonous President of the United States.
They must be getting close to revealing what you did your obviously nervous.Deflect,Deflect,Deflect.
When will you stop this insanity? Enough with HRC. Focus on your watch: Puerto Rico, fires out west, Russian interference in election, etc.
And this too
Lock her up, Sir!
Please! America needs justice. There can’t be equal justice under the law if the Obamas & Clintons use govt to get wealthy & commit crimes!
#putinbot
Whine, whine, whine
I like our eyes, cuz.
TY. The better to see through Trump's lying persona with
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Get rid of Jeff Sessions. He's afraid of offending his political friends.  Trey Gowdy would be a great AG.
its your justice dept, set them straight! Session letting clinton loving members to lead & hire only more leftists is wrong
Sir, it should be obvious by now, the FBI, DOJ, DOS, IRS all must be disbanded & start all over. Unfortunately, you’re surrounded by sharks.
Obama leftovers should have all been fired already!
Nervous much? You tweeted a lot today. You must be tired. Court will be more relaxing for you.
My god you act like a kindergartner.
I thought you had a high I.Q? 
Another fabrication. 
You had One Job..
$10 Billion to your.....ummmm something a year? Yeah he’s a genius to you
What are you talking about here?
Ed and Impeach Trump always first.  Obviously don't have a job.  Oh wait, that's what Soros is paying them for!
The Justice Department protects their own like The always have.  Nothing has changed

Yes...where is YOUR justice department...We want a Special Council investigation of Hillary..where is the Justice?
You really won't ever get over loosing the popular vote will you. It must be that you ego is too big for your tiny...hands.
Praying for you MrPresident!!
What a crock!Throwing out new potential allegations just a few days prior to the election is NOT helping-her or the nation,because you “won”
That’s what I’ve been asking going on 9 yrs now !
And the democrats were seriously thinking of running this Craigslist ad! https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/33649 … #childishbehaviour
@GOP @dccc The justice dep. Is busy ling to Congress to obviously put the fix in for you.
On ur ass
Mr President a lot of tweets, to silence the critics and the news media release the evidence.
your approval rating will go up instead of staying at approximately 37%
Just like Hollywood tried to take u down  the dems will be next  Obama and Hillary lynch Coney holder if u don't get these republicans
To get a backbone stand up this dog and pony show and go after the real Russian collusion
If only you could pick the HEAD of the Justice Dept....
Where's our so called president
Good ?
You almost seem panicked about what they're going to expose about you. You're in a frenzy to draw blame and cause doubt, but it won't work.
Should a president really pursue his private revenge trails??
The Justice Dept is after you, since you are the REAL CROOK here.  Hear that flush, thats your Presidency going down the toilet.
Waiting for your tweet to actually accomplish something like...
Why don't you quit tweeting & do your stinking job!!!!!You won the election what else do you want 

Hey what did your shit look like this morning from your toilet twitter view?@realDonaldTrump
@JeffSessions #DOJ Accountability is Demanded.
Are you accusing Comey officially here?
Have you considered ever worrying about actual problems we have going on right now?
Blah Blah Blah Obama Blah Blah Blah Hillary Blah Blah Blah I’m a babbling idiot Blah Blah Blah I’m like smart DUH Blah Blah Blah Comey bad 
@realDonaldTrump , you know where is it !!!!!!
Yes where is the justice department? @jeffsessions  do your job or, you're fired!
Please demand these people get prosecuted
Jeff Sessions has to start doing his job!!!!  We need to start seeing justice!!! No more double standards!!!
Agree with you Mr. President. 100%
If what you’re saying is true, I’m sure the Justice Department is on its way, the wheels of justice are slow, but there relentless!!!
You will soon find out
You about to find out.
As it is your Justice Dept....
Donnie sooo  obsessed with Hillary. A true love story
Wheres Justice Dept. & the MSM!!!They should be blowin their horns on this. Lets c, this is HUGE!!What answer will her supporters drum up?!
What are you raving about now, Dopey? It’s entertaining, but that’s not your actual job.
Geez, build a bridge and get over it. Move on, everyone else has #unstabletrump

You really need to simply accept that 3 million more of us wanted her to be our president and move on. Quit being a #whinylittlebitch.
Obviously one for all and all for one for the Black Dragon Manipulators very powerful..very sad..
If you dont know who the hell does?
POTUS is surrounded by opposition. Sessions turned out 2b a huge disappointment, but remember how long it took to get him confirmed?
You mean Sessions? He's scurrying around somewhere. He always gets underfoot!
Apparently busy planning to jail journalists for doing their job #WorstPresidentEver #LiarInChief
But, what about Trump U? Trumpware made in China? Don’t you hold fund raisers in your your hotels?
We want to know about Russia-Trump.

Tries to be President at liast one day to see if you can

#Election2020 #TheFutureIsComing
#Trump2020 Let's #MAGA 
VOTE @realDonaldTrump for @POTUS 
Good question.  Where are they?  You should be in prison by now!
Where are your jailers. Soon orange man.
Put Sessions to work or fire him
Will you please prosecute them?! Now! @jeffsessions
Where are the accountants?
They are looking into you and your whole clan. Dummy
Trumplestilskin is my prez! Keep up the good work. Make it great again, and again and again and again!!
Holder or Lynch! I'd expect no less from bought whores. How about plutonium and Mueller carried it to Russia! Collusion?
That is what we are asking??? Where is Sessions? Who has got him scared to do his job???
Yeah, they need to lock you up - it will make burning in hell a little less of a shock for you.
Do your babysitters know you tweeted this?  Go talk to the President of the US Virgin Islands.  
They work for you man... why don't you go over there and have a talk with them?
Really shakin in ur boots now huh?  U should!  They’re coming for you and nothing u can do can stop it!
It’s YOUR DOJ! Fire Sessions and Rosenstein n put Gowdy and Guilianni as #1 &#2, and turn them loose to bring chrgs on ALLinvolved.#ucandoit
You should of hired Julianni as ag
You won with Russian help, get over it. Don’t worry too much... soon you’ll be in cuffs
Sessions is being a good boy & trying his best to stop the Russia Trump investigation.  You are in so much trouble.
You are just so weird
You're just confirming that you're on drugs with your paranoid rants
Sessions works for u call him up and ask him
Oh no worries Donny, You will be seeing the justice department soon enough...bonus you will soon be wearing Orange with pics to show!
So many spammers. You get 160 characters to make your point. If you cant do it. Then stop and think. Nobody wanta to read your 10 replies

They are busy looking at all your crimes! #Traitor

Mr. President,  Remove all their security clearances including Hillary Clintons!!!
You do realize that we all think you're fucking crazy. Sad!

Justice Dept is busy lying under oath in front of Congress.
omg dude shit up and do your own job and stop worrying about Clinton. If we busted you for every lie, you'd go away for life.
What's Up   !!!!!
 Give , Jeff, a call 
Why are you still talking about Hilary? #moveon
My President Trump, they are under oath, but a secret one the kind Kennedy warned about..
Where is your Justice Dept? Americans are asking for justice for ALL.
Please Dear God. Save us from this moron. #TrumpisaMoron
MR. PRESIDENT- YOU CAN ORDER DOJ TO INVESTIGATE AND SHOULD!
I trust Comey to always do the right thing. He is honest, ethical and a decent human.
You are really in a rut. You need help.
Time for some more swamp draining Mr. President?
TRUMP el engendro vivo de IDI AMIN DADA. Idi tenia mas dignidad. Que daño mas grande le han hecho a los USA los whites trash
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
Shut up please.
you are taking things out of context and again lying your head off as usual
Lock her up!
If Sessions wants to protect the hierarchy he needs to step down. That isn't what we voted for. Drain the swamp, no matter what party
Hopefully up your ass...
We'll get ready, muller is going to interview you
Do you snowflakes even know about this? Probably not since your media kings won't tell you.
Liar
Why are you so obsessed with Clinton and Obama?  Let it go already.  You have more to worry about - people in Calif, Puerto Rico....
Yes! Where is the Justice Dept.? Why is this idiot still in our White House? There is more evidence against him than there was on Nixon! Let's get this over with!!!!
Have you nothing better to do???  How do you have time to tweet  and watch tv? The rest of us have things to do... every day you disappoint
As fast as Sessions recused himself, he can UN-recuse himself!  He needs to get with the program. Rosenstein & Mueller implicated! Wrong people recusing themselves!
Where is second Special Council to trump their Special Council?
Please go away. Soon.
Hey wait.. Was this a warning to Jeff Sessions NOT to share your conversations with Congress yesterday? That would be more obstruction!
YOUR TIME IN OFFICE IS ALMOST UP...
Hace no tanto salió a defender a los clinton eh.....
