@MahSiddiqui @Nixanadoo I'm still tripping off of the lady's eyebrows in the back
Oh my god why? Why would she do that?
I'm still tripping off this 
@nerdist @midnight Can we talk about the lady standing behind Trump's eyebrows? #eyebrowsdeffnotonfleek 
But this one has me dying 
Why this lady behind trump bout to do long division with her eyebrows?!? Lmaooooo  

I asked her if she surfed the internet. She said "no, EYEBROWS". 
One day we will all wake up and realize what we are doing. That day we will stop killing each other in the name of progress.
Stay strong
Yep
Get um' straight Donald. You make me proud to be an American again it's about time. Thanks for your hard work. I see your vision and agree 
Respectfully sir to effect real change its time for term limits for Congress. You must drain the swamp. Career politicians have demonstrated that their #1 priority is to pander to their base. Keep fighting the good fight.
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the t… htt...
Time to stop voter fraud!! RT if you agree
Sad that he surround himself with whites only make America white again. Sad but true.
Obama only surrounded himself with blacks so what’s the difference Rev?
We are not to be racist and say we represent all Americans.
Ur right.  We've been waiting long enough. Now pack ur bags and get out of the WH. American people need a REAL president, NOT a FAKE like U.
RESIGN
Liar liar the American people can't wait till you are locked up
Youth.  Threats against all who question his intention.  No freedom of the press. I am sure this has been done before.
You tell them Mr. President
Subtle threats and bully's, yet again?
Everyone knows what you're up to.so obvious #TrumpCrimeFamily #resignnow  get some rest old man. Go take  long nap
Unstoppable. 
at this point, the more time you spend golfing and on twitter, the better.  Less time to ruin the country.
Americans aren't waiting for an expensive wall, loss of healthcare, and less funding for education. No thanks.
The time for action is for Congress to protect us from Trumpcare. Please don't screw the American people.
Couldn't agree more. Let's mobilize to get actual representation in Washington and end this talk of #TreasonCare for good.

Hey Shamwow bot, no one knows who u are
7 months Don. Months.
Hope you enjoy my art
@jessncatz your @realDonaldTrump bead art beanie is ready! #PresidentTrump thanks for #MAGA hope u like! @TheAnaBraga @TomiLahren @Joy_Villa 

Smell of desperation. You do know this isn't your feat at all? All you've done is tweeting
And then comes YOU !!! Hahahahahahah
Please dont make healthcare worse. People will revolt.
Go get them Pres.
Two scoops?
or would you prefer cake?
KFC?
Sad, sad, very sad @SenateGOP
Stop screwing around! Do SOMETHING already!!!

Please resign!!

.@SenCapito: West Virginia pediatricians have a message for you – #KeepKidsCovered! 
we have, Mueller has stepped on the gas, the end is coming for you

#TrumpRussia
Thank you President Trump. Keep up the fight.
7 years? I thought it was 17?! #loser #sad
You're not listening....REPAIR ACA!!!!!!!!
3 Years, 5 Months, 26 Days, 1 Hour, 39 Minutes, and 59 Seconds
Until my SECOND term!
[very stressed deep calming breath sound]
The AMERICAN people hate YOU
Action to impeach tRaitor tRump
Not a federal issue.
Great Video Mr. President....
In case anyone wants to read the pile of garbage that is #TrumpCare : https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/BetterCareJuly13.2017.pdf …
I am tired of waiting for you to be impeached
The GOP voter's are with you in all you do &Vice President Pence. America comes first in all things!!!
Keep your promise GOP or resign
Help us all!!!! The impending bill is a total disaster!!!!  Unthinkable and without much merit!!!!
If 23 millon people are off how much money are u going to make because if the doctors dont have patients hospital etc jobs will be lost
tell me what have you actually done? What laws have you put into place? Stay in your lane + keep applying self tanner hun x
Trump is the incompetent loser of the national vote, a disaster as president, historically awful. Needs to resign asap!
Make sure govt officials have to take the same health insurance that the American population has to take!
Kick rocks, a** hole!
Mr President, stop your cowardly tweets and speak live to America where questions can also be asked if you. Or are you just too scared to?
You are the most dysfunctional President in History
There certainly has been too much talk. Most of it coming from your orange a**hole lookalike mouth.
We had problems BEFORE Obama Cared.  Are you going to give us back those problems?

House 419-3
Senate  98-2
Strong rebuke of the #PutinPuppet @realDonaldTrump - let's see what he does next! https://twitter.com/thehill/status/889961229082652679 …
ok how about some from you
yes, the American people have had enough, of you. #lostatsea
Somebody's got to do something.
All for a political win.... no bill that's better
Wait. So now ObabaCare has been around 7 years and not 17? Or did you finally realize the POTUS can only be in office for a max of 8 years?
We voted for this repeal we want it done!!! we don't want the penalty!!!, The Senators are blocking the vote for their own personal Deals!!
Donald and General Kelly please publish a graph of chain of command from President to House of Representatives . Please
Not paying attention again?

This is definitely NOT what Americans want.

Excuse me sir, may I have MORE healthcare please?

#TheResistance
Blah blah blah
More lies by Trump who has accomplished NOTHING in 6 mos
All he's done is insult people & take credit for other peoples work
You stink
But there is no plan...
Every action is having reaction also.
the show is on guys the windbag is in the room lying again
Please Mr. pres. make congress have same hc as public. They will come together then and have a great plan if it involves them.
I thought it was seventeen years?
At what point will you realize that you don't have the support of most Americans, your own party, or any nation in the world?
*sigh* facepalm
We wish it had been a "Government takeover of Healthcare"...Sadly it was just a GOP giveaway to Big Insurance!
Oh, and stop with the tweets. How juvenile and idiotic.
Oh, Siri going to take action after 100 days of being in there?! Sure took your sweet ass time to do anything as usual.
Yes bend over america here it comes. If could just reach it with my tiny hands.
President Trump I really hope that you will not cut Healthcare from special needs children. 
My grandson has severe cybral paulsey
We have had enough of you
Oh wait, there's a speck of color. Never mind. 
Cut real costs by allowing drug importation and free immigration of medical care providers. @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
You have a silent majority out here MR. PRESIDENT we stand behind you. Please keep fighting for US! Keep stomping on those swamp dwellers!
The best action you can take is to resign.
Fake News
Remember the idiot who called Obama a liar at SOTU address?
Hopefully at yours there will be more than one;
Is the "action" you're talking about that p#%^y grabbing you like so much?
 Mr President I admire ur UNDYING determination n I 
Hope u acquire tht action u
So rightly deserve we R so proud of
U always hve been
You haven't done anything in six months. I'm waiting for 1) impeachment 2) the a-word attempt. Any fucking day now.
Now It's TIME TO THE ACTION!!
Phui
@GOP We are watching and taking account. November 2018 is closer than you think. #MAGA
NOBODY LIKES YOU.
Action must be taken
The nightmare is YOU.
Mr President..thank U 4 all U have done.Please, keep AG.U've more in common than differences. Immigration, crime fight..just2 name few. Thx
The do nothing wanna be dictator demanding action of others?  The only good republican is a dead republican.
7 years of doing NOTHING. Why wasn't a decent plan figured out then instead of wasting time now. GOP WILL NEVER COME UP WITH A PLAN.
Too bad this is the WRONG action dummy
You got nothin'
Anything Short of A Fire Cracker Up Their Butts, Probably Won't Move This Congress and Senate!
decision n action should be in parallel to get quick result....!
Look at all the white people!
All I notice is the hot air.
Those brows tho..
U can't pass a bill that is worse than the ACA.  People's health is more important than u getting a win from a promise u made.
Meanwhile President Trump, the USA Oil companies still gives lot money to Venezuelan Dictator, for buying bullets and tear-gas Bombs
Why does the Senate and Congress get to keep their health care
How about that weird boyscout rant?
#GOP GET ON IT!
You are just so.....icky.  How can Melania stand you. I bet you smell bad too.
Well said , A real proactive President Trump , knows how galvanize Well the Rep senate Members on behalf the American people LOL #MAGA
The American people have waited long enough to get you out of office.
#AZ #CA #NC #FL #PA #WI #IN #IA #Oh #MI #VA #NY #TX #TN #SC #DC #MT #GA #WA #NV #CO #Illinois #Detroit #Alaska #NV.
the world thinks you are small
This was a bizarre and way too rehearsed video. Go visit the real people. Come visit me. I invite you. I live in Sandy Hook, CT
Could not come up with a plan in 7 years but expect us to believe they will in 2 if they repeal. Come up with replacement BEFORE repeal.
Amen!  Give the choice back to the people.  We want to make our own choices.
I will Never, EVER vote again for any Republican who votes ( No ) on Repeal and Replace.
THE REASON TRUMPS ATTACKED IS HE WANTS CORRUPTION STOPPED. ALL ARE LOSING THEIR MONEY SCHEMES AND ARE PISSED OFF AND WANT REVENGE
Thank you to the Valiant 3 for stepping across the aisle and protecting us from trump and the GOP bad guys like Tillis
You are a danger and a YUGE embarrassment to our country.
#ImpeachTrumpNow  . You're an epic fail. Move to Russia.
Not my mf president bitchhh
@narendramodi DIRT POLITICS STIGMA:only words & false promises but never put into action.Politicians waste their whole life for 'BLAME-GAME'

DO NOT CHOOSE POMPAO AS NEW AG, HE IS A SHILL AND WILL ONLY HURT THE AGENDA.
Mr President,  NOT TIME TO DRAIN SWAMP, ITS TIME TO FLUSH THE TOILET
Yea let people die! What a great way to "fix" the problem! #ImpeachTrump
Or fix #ACA by making ALL ins. Co's and citizens access healthcare through it. State run not Fed run, and no penalty for being ill!
I'm a cancer patient & planning death with dignity. Won't die uninsurable & bankrupt #ACA
don't throw those disabled who paid into as under the bus..we.voted for u
Now is the time for you to put them on the streets. Good job. Way to lead. #pence4Prez #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
You can't run a country by being a bully! I will never ever ever support you again! Your time will come!
Agreed. Impeach
Are  you finally being tried for treason!?!?! Please say yes!!
You'd figure after 7 years you fuckwits would have cobbled together a decent replacement. Such a failure. SAD!
There's been nothing BUT ACTION for 7 yrs compared to your 7 months! Where do you come up with this B.S.!?
Isn't it always better to have no action than bad action? Wouldn't everyone want the same healthcare rather than worse healthcare?
...Country while passing no major legislations and rolling back rights for trans people and women?
You have to look at the Long term plan... there's going to be a lot of turmoil in this world within the next decade and he's preparing us
potus talks about work, but only is able to move his fingers for twittering
...depend on somebody else for your healthcare!  Sad,
I have never seen such awkward paid people. None of those people smiled and looked like they wanted to run out.
Thank you Sir 
Stop the rhetoric. Do what's right for American people!
You need to gets these Senators and congressmen in line. These people couldn't agree on a dog catcher for WASHINGTON D.C. SIMPLY PATHETIC!
Way to go President Trump! Now tax reform.
Lol no one likes you
For 8 years, GOP has promised repeal and replace.  Just like you, they can't get the job done.  You all are a huge joke - overpaid, no work!
Repeal and replace = death Obamacare was a savior for me and millions of Americans who were screwed over by the insurance companies or years
I think it's obvious to everyone by now that you can't get any job done.
Amazing your getting things accomplished, even with the odds against you.
shuu
This is 100% about insurance company lobbying.They are losing part of the fortune they have amassed by fraud and denial of coverage.
Yes Impeach!
#HR676
Trump wants a win.  Couldn't care less HOW it hurts millions.  Need to pass POLICY that benefits Americans & fixes problems.
So just push thru a shit bill to live up to previous commitments! What happened to better and cheaper coverage for all? Promise broken again
