America suffered a loss of law & order over the course of 8 years or so. Thank you sir for recognizing this serious issue. We trust you!
There will never be law and order so long as Brownshirts of Antifa and BLM  allowed to riot and assault those they disagree with. Jail Soros
Would you please condemn the KKK and White Supremacy instead of pussy footing around it since they directly support your campaign?
Why condemn them any different? Violence is equally bad, no matter against whom it is.
What is vital now is that we remove your nazi ass out of our house.
"On many sides, on many sides". On many sides? 
How many sides with automatic weapons, combat gear and Nazi flags? No excuses acceptable.
Painfully obvious who our internal enemies are.
and the fish stinks from me the head.



And the protection of American jobs FOR AMERICAN WORKERS! End work visa programs until Americans are employed and all illegals are deported.
Restoring law and order would mean keeping these militia thugs off the street and suspending the driving privileges of all #Nazis
Why don't you call terrorism for what it is?

I would retweet this a million times if I could!
#FireBannon 
#FireGorka 
#FireMiller
Ever since Donald Trump was elected president people have been guilty of sedition and treason. It is time to throw their butts in jail!
On Saturday, they said, "he should have said ..."
And on Monday, when he said what they wanted him to say, they said "too little, too late."
Pres.Trump for first time I'm disappointed in u..u CAVED to "left" by naming CERTAIN  groups but NO BLM, ANTIFA, BLACK PATHERS etc...SAD! 
Naming things by their names; fighting and confronting such #terrorism acts just as important mr president #Virginia #Charlottesville
YOU LIE. Actions speak louder than words 
WH forgot 2 include the hate groups Black Lives Matter & the democrat party in its statement. They are extremely violent & promote violence
Racism is bad, mkay
Violent people and people destroying property need to be arrested
Shut down the Crowd Source paid protesters & we will have civil conversations  to air our differences like we have for 200yr
If you put names on the rioters please name ANTIFA & BLM they intruded on a peaceful March.   Media won't name them.
Trump condemned hours ago. Did Obama denounce BLM or Antifa? Hillary?  CNN? Double standard is driving the hate. True equality will fix it.
#Antifa is exposing the evil heart of the Democrat Party as no political attack ad ever could.  THIS is who they are. THIS is their agenda.
No Sparkie, what's vital now is for u to denounce the white supremacists & Nazis BY NAME. No equivocating. It's #domesticterrorism #coward
And each and every one of those Nazi, BY NAME!
Especially the Nazis working in the West Wing. I'm calling my Senators& congressman 2share my concerns.Probably won't make diff since2 are R
Does "on many sides" mean the many sides Heather Heyer was hurt while a Nazi-lover murdered her with his car? Or, do you  the KKK? Pick 1.
Have FBI find out who paid to bus them in some r fakes . My guess soros ?
You DO realize the Neo-Nazis you have emboldened are NOT innocent, don't you? #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller then #JustResign
The government allows hundreds to march in the street without closing the road to traffic?  Fail.
#IMPEACHTRUMPPENCE #FireSessions #Charlottesville
No, @realDonaldTrump - what is vital now is for you to step down and allow someone to unite the country and lead its people to prosperity!
Sir you must address the groups that spread this kind of hate #Charlottesville this is not the #MAGA I support.
Thank you Mr President. For finally addressing the hate groups at #charlotesville Stop the hate. All hate.
Europeans abroad like to take cheap shots at your presidency but I think u r doing a great job @POTUS  #MAGA
Thanks, I do as well
Racism is worse than ever I don't know why it's such a hard pill to swallow Ni**ers Towel Heads Spics Why Lie about it? Why pretend anymore?
A Dad is walking in Lee park with his kid. He points at statue & asks what's that? Dad explains history. If the Left remove then no learning
You cannot save your presidency. Polls are devastating, base is wavering, CEOs abandon council, GOP can't defend you, legis agenda is DOA.

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
Then fire Bannon and then you resign. Better off with Pence who is pretty awful.
@davidzuellig time to outlaw violent counter protests to lawful events
What is even more vital is your impeachment
#Impeach
Why did VA.. Gov.. Charlotsville Mayor have the police and NG stand down when the violence between KKK-Antifa broke out, then blamed Trump
What is vital is your clear condemnation of the white nationalist extremists who planned & executed the hostile march in #Charolettesville.
Coward.
It is vital that you CONDEMN WHITE SUPREMACY
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
George Soros, Bob Mueller & The Clinton Foundation is trying to impeach you, set you up, For Riots & Marshall Law.  Don't let them, Please,!
Bot
He's The Best Pres. Since Ronald Reagan Better then Bushes, Clinton's& Obama They all Were Criminal's Check the Facts! Start at Panama Canal
Your correct. Pres. Trump as a person who voted for you be yourself. Start running the asylum in Washington D,C. Be the American fighter.
It is sickening the mayor of Charlottesville told the police to stand down, and basically allowed this to happen
When we no longer feel safe because @POTOS tolerates hate crime, we have the right to alter or abolish and replace it with another.
traitor
I hope mr trump make what is best for peace in the world 
ANTIFA, BLM, Soros's 80 organization need shutting down.  When Sessions get off his extended vacation, can you have him look into that?????
Use the National Guard, that's what they're for, to put down insurrection.
Removing statues won't change history they will still be in history as those who fought to continue enslaving & terrorizing black people
Dems turn molehills into mountains and mountains into molehills to hide from truth.
The Mayor instigated the Violence!Even the Governor was apprised of the Intentional SET UP OF WARRING IN THE STREETS
http://truthuncensored.net/charlottesville-police-come-forward-told-stand-ignite-race-war-video/ …
It takes a Great one to know a Great one!
What is vital now?  Impeachment -before 
You get us killed with your cowboy antics domestic and abroad.

More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
EXACTLY!! NO ONE SHOULD FEEL UNSAFE!! AND KIDS CAN PLAY OUTSIDE SAFELY EVEVRYWHERE!! DONT EVEN LOCK YOUR DOOR PEOPLE!!

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…
Please don't let these hateful liberals throw you off your "A" game. They writhe in fear and panic because you put Americans first.

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
#Charlottesville #TrumpIsANazi
Beware of dangerous, violent international "color revolution!" USA assigned color purple bc mix of blue and red. Note Ukrainian instability.

Thank you for being the best President ever!
So... does that mean you're stepping down? Because that would be "a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives"
Denounce your white supremacist donors have the Cojones!!! Cobarde Hombre Malo y traidor! #ImpeachTrumpNow #demscongress
2 days too little too late! We know who you really are!
Save lives? You caused this. What you need to do is fire @SteveBannen and the Nazi Gorka. They don't belong In our government!
Nobody believes your lying shit! Teleprompter Trump!
In the campaign you said "Law and Order" would be restored on day one.  What happened?
You need to read Obama's tweet on the matter and learn something. Over 2M likes and 1M retweets. You have never been close.
"Law and order" again?? How did that idealogy fare for the #CentralParkFive ? You haven't learned anything have you? Cleanse your soul now!

You are deplorable #repealandreplacetrump
No, what was vital was that you: (1) took on the white supremacists head on by naming them and (2) calling this a terrorist attack! FAILED!
What we need is an anti-fascist/nazi president who has a moral compass and compassion for people who are and have been ACTUALLY oppressed.
This is how you fight against evil Obama take some lessons from president trump.
The Virginia State Police were in on it 
What they aren't telling you about Charlottesville. 

Via .@infowars 

…

#SundayFunday #TeenChoice
What really happened in #Charlottesville: Communist agitators forced white nationalists to run violent gauntlet 

MSM is not telling us the truth about Charlottesville. Here's what REALLY HAPPENED. Soros ! https://www.pscp.tv/w/bF5F4jF4ZUVXeGVCb2txUVB8MXlOR2FtUllZQWdHahFGGMb_SbnZrrj4gb1x0wjru8th7rSKdSk7TnEsOcZL …
If Gov McAuliffe can pull himself away from mics & order the police back 2 enforcing law & order. Mayb the mayor will take responsibility
That is MY PRESIDENT !!!!
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal

Trump hits highest disapproval rating yet in Gallup's daily tracking poll with 34% approval & 61% disapproval. https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/8/14/1689496/-Trump-hits-highest-disapproval-rating-yet-in-Gallup-s-daily-tracking-poll …
You are despicable! On "many sides". Unbelievable! #ImpeachTrump #RacistTrump #bigotinchief
Obama NEVER caved to "right" by saying "Islamic terrorism" POTUS u CAVED to "left" guess what? IT WON'T CHANGE A THING "left" STILL hate u!

Why did the Democrat Mayor and Democrat Governor tell the police to stand down and allow the violence to happen?

http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/13/why-were-the-police-held-back-in-charlottesville/ …
Mueller intends to do just that.  Realize that Americans can handle multiple shitshows at once.  Mueller is still top of the order.
Coward
No more "punch 'em in the mouth"? You got everyone all worked up & now you want them to back off because YOU got what YOU wanted. Cowardly!
What is vital is u act like a President & condemn the actions of those involved. Glossing over it is an embarrassment. #wewillnotlesthatewin
Hail to the Golfer in Chief. Complete conman. @POTUS @SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes @DRUDGE_REPORT @SenatorCollins
Send a clear message that you will protect America from these radical Nazi rightwing terrorists. #StandTheFuckUp for the US
Imagine a more fitting song than the 1982 bill Henley tune dirty laundry Press always looking to kick our Prez
Hey Fake President - Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
Are they gonna find all the bad hombres and Muslims who did this?
Words of a great POTUS!  Concern and love for all Americans! #safety #liberty
You sound almost like a high schooler when you read off a script
Death Blood and Mayhem on the hands of Trumps failed Administration.Your Fired Step Down Now!! @nytimes @washingtonpost @BBGAfrica @FoxNews
What is needed is your condemnation of terrorists hate groups like these white supremacists.
All of you need to stop with identity politics and go to fucking work- middle American workers have had enough-get it together-NOW
En bon entendeur, salut Ce qui est vital maintenant, "restauration rapide de l’ordre public, protection des vies innocentes"
How much longer before you put those white supremacist organizations on the terrorism watch list? How much longer before you denounce them?
Denounce white supremacists and neo-nazis. Denounce racism. Be there when Robert E Lee's statue comes down in support of equality for all.
trump si yo viviera en EE.UU.seria tan feliz de tener un gobierno como usted.
Tell that to your terrorist Nazi buddies
Your "many sides" comment is atrocious. FAKE POTUS normalizes Neo-Nazi violence, bigotry and hate. Fire Miller, Bannon and Gorky to MAGA
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
I totally agree!  Wait...you're calling for your own impeachment, right? #ImpeachTrumpNow
@realDonaldTrump
Amendment 25 or Impeachment
We're happy with either!
#RACIST #SATANIC #RABBLEROUSER #UNPRESIDENTIAL #BRINGBACKBARACK  #UGH
What the US needs is protection from you and your white supremacist buddies

What the Hell does "both sides" and President Obama have to do with #Charlottesviille Trump?
You should ban all Caucasian-based countries to keep Americans safe!! ....oh wait.
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
It's completely unfair to blame this on #Trump but that's what the #Leftist #Regime does! There's racist #BlackLivesMatter and #Antifa So??
The KKK, BLM, ANTIFA and ISIS are are all terrorist organizations!!!! #LAWANDORDER #DrainTheSewer True Patriots got ur back!!!

You mean protection of radical white Christian terrorist

You are one of them
nazis aren't innocent, fuck'em
what is vital is that you step down. Resign. #impeach You support hate, encourage violence. #deplorable You caused this.
This says a lot...

https://twitter.com/realJuniorPardo/status/896860087062589441 …
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists? Because you're a complicit coward. #Charlottesville is your Waterloo #BLOTUS
Then I would say start with all the illegals and send them home.
You love pointing fingers, why not point fingers to neonazis and kkk. They should be punished. Acknowledge it
Just saw a video of Charlottesville.  What a disgrace that law enforcement is standing around while objects are being thrown around.
The problem you facilitated, shame on you, get out of the WH
RESIGN NOW RACIST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
Any more doubt today? #notmyfuckingpresident
STOP FEEDING THE HATE
You're the only one Screaming at a pretty reasonable post. Brainwashed much?
Kandace @Canada4Bernie Not a Bernie fan and what was wrong with my post against a man Donald who is documented spreading hate?
I'm just suggesting that you should consider where your info comes from.
Which info "do you mean Donald inciting violence" I watched every Primary both sides he did it right on TV so the info was easy to find
Loads of examples of DNCIA "media" manipulating those clips. They did it to Bernie. They have an agenda & it's not democracy
I am all about honesty.  I watched all of the primaries live each one of them.  But using Donald with the word democracy is not fair either
Well, my point is that none of us really know the truth. We saw Obama's gov't funded mercenaries attack our relatives at #standingrock
But u haven't done anything!There is a White Power rally downtown in my city of Hot Springs AR TONIGHT!!!!
What is vital now is that you would admit you're completely out of your league and undeserving of the office of the President and resign.
Unrelated, but I am sort of dying over the fact that they just seem to use imovie of all things???? Like...quality production, y'all.
Also, I think the VA governor and mayor wanted this mayhem-and look where it led!  Glad Sessions is investigating!!!
Law and Order? No. We need a leader who can move hearts and minds toward what is good, right and just and you do not want to be that person.
PREZ TRUMP-oversite of gov policies & organizations - we are glad your back in WH from travels - your plans to MAGA from top down is GREAT!
WE CANT WAIT FOR MORE TRUMP NEWS - the secrecy of gov has never worked - of course some must be - but the public parts are not open to all !
THE CEO LABOR BOARD OR Housing or even HC - not covered well YET - publically anyway !  EDU hasn't been vocal either - PEOPLE WANT TO HEAR 
WEVE BEEN LEFT IN DARK SO LONG ITS NOTHIMNG NEW BUT EXPECTING IS STILL THERE !!!  Glad your back from foreign trips - we need TRUMP NEWS !
MEDIA OUTLETS WILL NEVER DO THE PUBLIC SERVICE NECESSARY FOR  TRANSPARENCY OF GOV AGENCIES - we are a LOST Nation without you !!!
DISAPPOINTED IN BANNONS REPORT ON NK - considering nuclear fires on US soil is the only not optional discourse he should exspouse !!!  
MAYBE HES LEFT OUT OF LOOP AND IT FRUSTRATES HIM ALITTLE !!!  He & FLYNN maybe worked well together on NSA issues-BRING FLYNN BACK TO FOLD?
I saw what happened today when the paid protesters and alt leftists attacked the people protesting the removal of the monument. The police pushed the protesters into the crowd to be assaulted. Is it that much of a crime to be white now in America.
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. #Charlottesville https:/...
Yes, while Charlottesville was not right, I don't see why the dems are upset. Antifa, should and was condemned as well. That's good.
Charlottesville is voting tonight to remove the statue of a Confederate soldier & replace it with a monument to slaves.
Please help maintain respect for our heritage too. Thank You Mr President
The only law and order needed is to arrest you, your family and your entire administration
You hired Taylor Swift? I wondered what she was doing lately. Is she a policeman....well I guess more like a police woman.
Why are you dividing us please stop.
#lawnmower
The liberals, and their media shall be remember ed as traitors to the US for standing against our president Trump. He works for free.
Godsend
