don't grab them, keep your hands to yourself. #LiarInChief #ImpeachTrump #Resist #TheResistance
...says the Clinton supporter.
Damn straight!!!   
HE is untrustworthy, unfaithful, rude, ridiculous, disgusting, narcissistic, mean, coward, and dirty!
Bill Clinton?
No, The #LiarInChief Trump  @realDonaldTrump a disgrace to America.
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH Last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! #NationalTeachersDay
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers!… https...
dm me
Except the ones that taught you
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Kadınlar günümü başkan?
I don't understand whAt your doing you have your ideas
that's niceis this you trump  do you know the scritpture that talks about blessing Israel God will bless you
Complete a Survey Below to Continue.
Vote now. Then get a 50-pack sample of Your favorite
http://gripdownload.com/667929 
Complete a Survey Below to Continue.
Best offer..... just try 
http://blissinstalls.com/680404 
Get $100 to Spend on Your Favorite Pizza! 
https://www.cpagrip.com/show.php?l=0&u=112239&id=11339&tracking_id= …
As you work to destroy public education.
You kept hands to yourself, didn't you?
A photo is worth a 1000 words &this one neg8s theExtraordinary contributions of #POC who STILL tow theLine2TEACH theOppresd
You thank all teachers by putting @BetseyDeVos  in charge of the education department and cutting $ to public schools?! Thanks for nothing.
My BELOVED mother was a teacher & she instilled education n2 me & I reaped d benefit cuz I study law & took cases 2 @Scotus & Obama hasn't
teachers arr are being hiven to much praise.. reality thay are not teach our kids properly
So glad they got invited because they deserve it
You can not run the USA through photo ops and HUGE claims of doing a good job
http://m.me/CosaNosaHitt 
As long as they do brain wash the kids
and then afterwards you're gonna take their jobs and replace them with iPads?
how much did you pay these crisis actors to show up you "your house"
nice
very diverse selection of people you have in your office broski
I didn't hear a shout out to nurses last week. I'm hurt!
Thank you, Sir. We the people know that you are only guilty of being a Patriot who loves his country & we love you for it!!!
3 African Americans in the photo...
Wow
can u fix the education system in Louisiana
4 still #working as #Teachers after u chose #unqualified anti-#teacher @BetsyDeVosED 2 lead @usedgov +ur #budget #harms #Teachers
I sure do love real teachers!
How much pussy did you grab? Or could you control yourself this time?
Until they want more money in their contacts. Loser
Please hire a few of them to help you learn proper English. Your lack of education is glaringly obvious in your tweets. SMH
stay away from our kiddos you pediphile
Mr president,I know u r having some rough times in the white house.let everyone go and hire true Republican's.
2
Come
Should
I am 52 years old...Ihave never seen that shuch crowded peoples  were welcomed  in WHITE HOUSE
http://arcturus07.blogspot.com/2017/05/stop-wasting-your-time.html …
Mr. President,  we are with you, the people are with you. Those making wild accusations and using lies are evil people. There agenda is evil
please resign!!!!!
Fresh 
Straight from Zambia Top Dj Iamandreas FT Nigeria   DJ Twitwi On MIXTAPE call "AfricaTurnUpMixtape"
Well in that case why are States cutting education budgets nationwide
Bet every single one of these women went home and took long, hot showers to get the nearness of YOU off. *shivers. Hope no grabbing went on.
Great pic.
I'm quite taken back..... You Libbies not only buy bull$hit, but you eat it too!  Wait, FCC will be shutting down ABC, CBS, and NBC.....lies
Why don't u honour and thank them with a pay rise insteaddddd of cutting the education budget?!?!
But of course we know you didn't learn anything of value.
Grab em by the pussy, loser
Al mio professore di Italiano e all'insegnante di diritto non a quella di tedesco mi dispiace di non averlo imparato e come ti arrabbiavi
Now lets get that Communist union out of the schools.
انا اني أم امريكا
By firing De Vos ?
I hope you took a good long look because with your education secretary, real TEACHERS will be a thing of the past. Sad...
HONOR THEM THEN CONTINUE TO CUT EDUCATION BUDGET, Talk about hypocrisy.
Wow you actually had something nice to say. I am speechless, but I bet it won't last.
A beautiful foto! U have made that White House (Oval Office) as bright & beautiful as the GOLDEN SUN! Ur like our GREAT Palomino-beautiful!
why not honor teachers by making sure we are paid for what we are worth & paid for our 8 years of undergrad and grad work?
Somehow you need to kill this Russian intervention crap and get the Congress and nation focus Ed on your agenda
Why deny the president some free time to relax and golf?Very few of us put in the hours and have the stress of that job
Etes un pendejo mr tompas!
Why do you put all the white people in the front of the group?
Right. After you hired DeVos to dismantle public ed. via the DOE, I'm sure a lot of teachers know how you REALLY feel about their profession
Why soooo fats?
#TrumpIsGreat #gladhillaryisntpresident Are these trending hashtags going to make the news? Probably not.
My friend Gina Cappellino is an amazing woman & teacher. Gina teaches at Malverne H.S., on Long Island and is retiring in June.
Did you buy your degrees? You didn't Study! Tell me about the Civil War.
I don't want your thanks. I want a president who doesn't bring shame to our country and who doesn't think the constitution is negotiable.
Says the guy cutting funding for education and after school programs!
Please get a dept of Ed chair who respects public education.
By appointing Devos - yeah right
You welcome the Teachers of the Year while making big cuts to education & dismantling the strength of American public schools. Unsupportive!
Mr. President please bring God back in the classrooms.
Wtf with 45's policies on public education, why would  they dishonor their profession?
Hi sir
Thank President Trump, ignore the snowflakes.
Honor them by threatening public education.  Promoting school choice DOES NOT keep the US No. 1 in education.
I wouldn't honor them all...some are terrible...but they have tenure and the union...
Congratulations teachers of the year. People on this tweet; this is teachers of the year.
U allowed these good Women in the oval ofc?  Wow. Must be a Fake photo.
And soon enough they will be teaching the abomination that happened to our great democracy

Congratulations to those top teachers!!! They shape our future!
Get rid of those UGLY gold curtains!!!!
Great job teachers!
Tit.
FINALLY... Some women at the White House!
Now that was an honorable and presidential thing to do, and a much nicer post to read!
Teachers are highly underpaid, but your fellow Repubelicans want them taking pay cuts.  That's disgraceful
I want REAL NEWS NEWS noT FAKE NEWS
What's missing in this photo? Oh yeah, Kelly Anne ConJob doesn't have her feet on the sofa. #trailertrash
Support public education. Get rid of Devos.
Considering your new policy towards the public education system,  I can't believe that a teacher would step one foot into your office
My 6th grade teacher won that award in the 70s. He was one of the best men I knew. Thankyou for honoring some of the greatest in our country
Maybe you should think about funding education.
@WhiteHouse We teachers are always working hard. We all thank you.May God bless you
Tomorrow we cut all funding for education.
Thank us by replacing DeVos with someone who actually supports public education.
Phoney
I love all the libs on here! Creative tweets and nice language ! Please keep it up! PRESIDENT TRUMP 2020!!!!!!
we thank the teachers, but the teachers hate Betsy DuVos
Holy god. Give him brain.
Honor them by dumping Betsy.
Thank you for honoring teachers.
No matter where nobody in this room go, they will get booed regardless of the crowd size. Beautiful thing when your vote cost your careers
Really?  Apparently, you didn't learn a thing.
Micro managing the WH as you do your business, will keep your children close, but then........
Teachers inspire the leaders of tomorrow! Congrats to all teachers!
Why isn't Ma Devos in the room??
My mother Mrs Ollye C Worthington a long time @CTULocal1 member & 3rd grade teacher ALWAYS instilled n me #education I'm glad she did!!
Yeah, by giving them Betsy DeVos. Gee, thanks.
Awesome
Too bad you never listened to your teachers especially the history teachers.  Your ignorance of the past is HUGE bigly!
Now how bout you make sure their efforts are funded ?
Yeah, teachers are cool. On that note, please hire someone who knows how education works instead of @BetsyDeVos. Such as: any teacher. Any.
But only the Christian ones right? Plz resign.
Maybe you should hire one to give YOU a history lesson!
If you cared at all about teachers, you wouldn't have appointed pyramid scheme Betsy @BetsyDeVos to head dept of ed
Too bad you don't actually give a shit about education...
You "honored" them alright by putting that clueless hack @BetsyDeVos in charge of "education." What a joke.
Honor and thank but no respect or living wage Oklahomas teachers under constant attack by GOP
R u fucking serious?  u pay Avon back by hiring DeVos 2 head the dept of education & bitch-slap every teacher in the Country @ the same time
look like they are just play along in person https://twitter.com/DRUDGE_REPORT/status/863007613100859393 … but still pushing Obama agenda
HIGH SCHOOL CONFISCATES YEARBOOKS OVER PRO-TRUMP QUOTE... http://bit.ly/2q8RweP 
Stay strong.  The picture is a reminder that it takes a village.  Great things are happening
Yes; also I'll not be misguided : Even in my pursuit of Comedy; music and the entertainment world. Strong/Intelligent !
Finally, something all of America can agree with you on!.  Phew.  I was beginning to worry.  (Rolls eyes)
The most hard working & honest people the oval office has seen in months right here!
I am sure that they wanted to discuss how inappropriate DeVos is and what a mistake it was to nominate someone that would close schools.
did you thank the nurses?maybe I missed your tweet....
Liar
Trump, unquestionably the most embarrassingly ignorant president in history, honors teachers at the WH.  Ironic. Sad.
If you are sincere about honoring teachers, fire DeVos immediately!
They look to be mostly women. How many did you grab??
I can't believe any teacher anywhere would show up for this.
They're grossly overpaid, Don. They get the summers off! Fix that, will ya? Lazy! SAD! <in case U missed it, this is sarcasm)
Sure you do
Did YOU LEARN anything??
And you looked them right in the face as you destroy education.
Thank you President Trump.  God bless you and you presidential path.
Hey Lump, I've got your loyalty pledge right here. OMG your pudgy politically ignorant sneer gets more repulsive daily. Impeachment coming!
