Isaiah 41:13
For I, the Lord your God, will hold your right hand, Saying to you, ‘Fear not, I will help you.’
Doesn't relate to the situation
neither does most of the comments
thank for honoring our heroes!
It's very strange to see the word "Honor" used in the same sentence along with your name!
why don't you worry about Trudeau and let us Americans worry about the U. S.! #MAGA
I care because I lost many friends in #BowlingGreenMasacre & also terrified Trump might nuke Canada!
well if he did nuke Canada it wouldn't be a bad thing.. Just make sure Justin beber is there when it happens
Republicans hate Canada because it proves their beliefs wrong. 

Top trade partner for USA
Wait till Trump MAGA. He can negotiate. Yo Donny
God bless our men & women in uniform here & abroad, pls bring em safely home, & God bless our @POTUS and his family. Amen.
A great historic photo gem for everyone pictured. Thanks to our heroes!
@POTUS
Please stop hate crimes!
#getwellsoon
you're a damn fool
The only fool is you and your other misfits who constantly barrage his Twitter with hateful prejudices.
didn't you have bunions or something that prevented military service?
We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
watch the unedited video you'll see her face went to look at Baron, not because she's oppressed
Nope

Oh Shit! Man-child is awake and cell phone fully charged!
How does it feel to be surrounded by honor, something you utterly lack?
no one will forget you're being investigated by the FBI for colluding with the Russians. #trumpforjail2018
dats how a Mr President suld be.for al Americans.God be with you guys
Fake president soooooooo sad LOOSER CAN'T MAKE A REAL DEAL "LOOSER"
TALK IS CHEAP
你是真皮沙发
You lost, you are a looser. Ha ha ha ha. LOOSER !!!
anything to keep your tiny mind off your horrible defeat yesterday? Are you actually going on do anything while in office?
Maybe Putin is planning to cut off Don's head if he doesn't comply...
Donald looks so much better with a smile but not better than our Heroes Thank you Sir's for your bravery and service.#USA
made an awesome deal yesterday. Brilliant negotiatior.
Yea YOU get to keep Obummercare. I have my own insurance. I'll sit back and watch it implode. LMAO. GOOD LUCK
ty mr president .keep the faith ..we"re all watching . A veteran
you should be awarded a medal for your outstanding presidency so far. Keep America Great Again Don.
.@realDonaldTrump please don't take someone's Medal of Honor!
I'm sorry the failure of #Trumpcare has delayed the tax breaks you'n @SpeakerRyan intend to give the rich. Chin up Donnie!
He was honoring military heroes and you respond with this? Classless!
I'm sorry, Scott. I'm just so excited that the GOP didn't ruin millions of people's lives yesterday.
You are evil. Everything you post is pure wicked hate.
didn't you have a little boo-boo on your toesy-wosey that allowed you to dodge the draft?
using honorable men as cover?
Trump must be soooo tired of winning... #Biggly
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms.... And that's thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
Trump has left it up to the press to decide where his salary will go. I vote for Planned Parenthood! Retweet!!
Can someone as #Trump how he keeps that orange complexion with  skin that thin? #TrumpleThinSkin
God bless all that gave their all & two those who gave all. As a military man who can appreciate them.For the USA
I'm so glad you honored out heroes. They deserve it.#MAGA

Just imagine what Trump's tweets about the failure of his health care bill are going to be like. 
Jesus are there any female and/or people of color heroes in America?!
For all you know it was a heartfelt entreaty to the son of God.
Thank Jesus you're not me.
YES! They look so happy, just like all the other VETERANS that get to keep their HEALTHCARE now that our PLAN went through!
We told these American heroes all about our NEGOTIATION SKILLS, and CAPS are not even doing it justice! S.K.I.L.L.S.!!!
The ART of the DEAL, baby! These heroes might be heroes, but WE are the REAL hero! With our #MAGA SKILLS!
By the way were any of these American heroes CAPTURED? Because we DON'T LIKE people that get captured like that MCCAIN guy!
What a SORE LOSER with his STIFF ARM! If we had been in his situation we would have just NEGOTIATED our way out! SKILLS!
Too bad we REALLY COULDN'T go to VIETNAM or THAILAND or whatever that place was! We had something wrong with our FOOT!
You don't know what honor is, "sir"
Please don't ever cal Trump "sir". He deserves no respect from anyone ever.
Rough day yesterday, huh?
#SaturdayMorning
Obamacare will be repealed as soon as the Democrats beg Trump for bailout

hi hornot
Look good
is that guy next to Trumps right shoulder a patriotic Muslim-American hero?
So true!! Oprah cares about no one but herself and her bank roll! She's sickening; never watched that stupid show
#NoFlyZone4Rojava
Thanks Mr. President, pray God's favor over you & your family. May the mighty hand of God direct you and give you authority. In Jesus name
I'm grateful that your bone spurs were not acting up that day and you were able to take a photo with some real heros.
Thank you Sir, you may very well be our country's greatest President.
Nope. 43 others were greater and even told the truth sometimes. Some did not evade the draft.
You must face the truth, He Mr Trump is the President. Get over it.
Let's see how long that lying, ignorant probable traitor stays there.
Thank you President Trump for recognizing our heroes!  You are a hero God Bless you
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/03/24/remarks-president-meeting-medal-honor-recipients … ...
All those vets around a Trump who cowered from the Vietnam war by faking bone spurs in his foot. #notmypresident #killtrump
he is Hitlers reincarnation
you would make a better president to apologize to Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. You and your clansmen can step down.
Mr President you've done well am so proud of you sir
having a billionaire president taking meals on wheels and after school project. Not only frightening but very sick.
@DonaldJTrumpJr says the draft dodger in chief
My president can smell a rat...like the paris climate accord. He saved us billions in one move. We look smart for a change.
mr TRUMP THERE IS A LYING DEMS SPIRIT THAT LIVES IN SIDE OF U & he will destroy u if u bon't which HIM
where are you getting your information? Obama spying on you? The birther movement. You're not looking very competent.
until you fes up with the tax issues, we the people will be the wall you'll have to deal with sorry team trump.
He showed his 2005 tax return and was paying 45% in taxes... that more than 500 of us combined!
more like Ronald McDonald. joke to the American people a clown for the world? And never wrong. Rediculous.
thanks for all your doing sorry I couldn't be there I was in TX supporting wounded war fighters.
Something draft dodger Trump knows nothing about!
We could afford reasonable veteran's benefits if you could convince your wife to live in the same house as you, Steve.
It is better to be humble than to be humbled by the world. Care for people just a little bit more.
What exactly makes you think that @realDonaldTrump doesn't care enough about people? I don't see
perhaps his attitude abt ppl - those in need suffering poor minority disabled women....
Yeah! Those strongly blown - if not created - by the MSM? Come on! Are you that credulous?
actually it was listening to him personally speak. I do not need MSM or anyone to explain that
Yeah! You know him personally and he speaks to you. Please, Be serious!
no. I dont know him personally. I have personally listened to him not just bought what others say
You bought what the MSM chose to show you. Huge difference. What about this?
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
lots of heroes there. and one moron with bad hair and small hands who hasn't done anything heroic ever.
Donald Trump was elected with a clear list of mission to fulfill, he is a hero to them that voted for him by doing just the same.
You mean the minority of American voters, right?
I don't get your point Jeff. If only the minority voted for Donald, why then is he your President now?
Did you try to talk any of them out of a Purple Heart?
All AMERICAN HEROS
, you misspelled "Metal of Honor winners posing with a draft-dodging, POW/Gold-Star Family disrespecting disgrace." Fix it.
I guess they weren't captured
I bet they detest having a draft dodger as president.
why they would want a picture with a president who was such a coward is beyond me!   NMP
DUH @realDonaldTrump "Happy?" What?  These guys are heroes & worth honoring but it's not cheery. U are just so damn simple. Stupid, really.
... If only you didn't have those annoying bone spurs.
Thank you so much for honoring them!  Thank you!
you give those Medal of Honor awards like they are candy.
such a bunch of fools
without women
our president is a laughing stock in the United States and around the world. A clear and present danger to his own people.
Youre a laughing stock period. Grow up
As the daughter of a WWII vet, stop humiliating these and all vets. Their service is not your photo op.
I seem to recall you thought many of these guys were "losers". Guess it looks good for the photo op huh?
These people are great examples of leadership for Americans.  Thank you for your service.
very good photo.
Why are 90 percent of your photos are with white men?

thanks for you
This from the coward who cried oh my poor foot 5 times. You shouldn't be allowed to be in the same room with real men.
We love our Vets and we thank them from the bottom of our hears.
I salute all of our HEROES that sacrificed their lives for our Freedom! MAGA 
they fought like men, while you wimp did all you could to avoid the draft. Shameless!
@DonaldJTrumpJr is the lord doing
you dishonor then by being in the same room. #ResignTraitor
@PressSec thank you to those with #MedalOfHonor. No women in this pic however? Why?
keep up the good work
GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS AND OUR PRESIDENT FINALLY WE HAVE ONE THAT CARES ABOUT OUR TROOPS
do you know when the hearings will begin on the new Supreme Court judge?
Dump Ginsburg before she falls asleep on the bench again
Like you know what a hero is, draft-dodger.
You are the first USA president without any honor, dignity and respect. You are liar, fake and a clown. A laugh. Imho.
Yes, they are heroes.  While you were cowering, these men and women were protecting the nation.  U draft dodging COWARD!
WHITE OUT! #salute
what's up with the tacky curtains?  Surely Obama didn't leave it a terrible mess like that.
don't make fun of the guy in the wheel chair

wonderful.
Please allow Nubia Jackson into the USA, husband Warrant Officer William Jackson,jr
I wonder how many of these heros realize you were a draft dodger and you don't deserve to be in the same room with them!
Did you have to explain your 5 deferrals, Mr #minoritypresident?
Their skin must be crawling having to look at you
What a crock...you honor our vets when you area  traitor and a coward...#deferment...
Make America great again
where are the women?
@KellyannePolls u invite medal of honour group 2 WH while obama invites bad for kids rappers & celebs. Back 2 decency 4 USA
SO THE GREAT HEROS THAT DIED FOR THIS COUNTRY DON'T COUNT IN the trumpsters  WORLD
@brunelldonald Draft dodging coward surrounded by Hero's. Great Photo OP !
you don't deserve to be in their presence you prissy hollywood princess
"Many in body One in Mind" anything can be achieved!
why are you sitting down? Stand up and show respect at least
Are you embarrassed being surrounded by true heroes? Weren't you a 5 time draft dodger.  Thank God for those men!
you shouldn't be in the same room as heroes.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE 
you have reason to smile! You are in the company of this nations FINEST!!
did they get to fondle your Purple Heart? The one you won at military school for bullying
Read Eugene Sledge's book about his WW II  experiences.
What is our government doing for them? I voted Trump Pence was I wrong....
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
it looks like white out conditions in DC
Heel Spur Hero
Draft dodger, aren't you ashamed to be with real heros??
사실적 효과가 있어보이는 경제적 자유무역주의 노선을 지금까지 걸어온 미국의 이번 보호무역주의 선택은 세계경제에 악영향을 주었지만 이시대적 기류이며 트럼프는 경제질서회복에 근본적인 문제에 주력하고있다
Nope! B.O. never did. Except for that time on M.O.H. day 3/25/2009 when he did. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_living_Medal_of_Honor_recipients#/media/File:Barack_Obama_participates_in_National_Medal_of_Honor_Day_3-25-09.JPG …
you have to salute them. They're heroes. You're a zero
Trump shouldn't be in the picture.  He has done nothing for the country
Oh, did you share that you don't like vets that were caught ? Bet that went over well. Shake any hands you puke bag
have you always wanted the Medal of Honor for your ... "sacrifices" just like you always wanted a Purple Heart?
... and now to be serious Happy #MedalOfHonorDay the our heros. They deserve our utmost respect.
Same here Mr Prez.Same trolls.Same Soros$.Same stupid ppl.Its what happens when u live in deep dark places like basements.
We honor what we are unable to do ourselves. True selfless heroes. Humble as hell and tough as hell
amen
Which greed driven bill have you signed that helps our VETS out? #Scramblingforapproval. #weseeyouforwhoyouare
I'm not offended by what you say. I'm just glad that you're stringing words into sentences now.
if you do not think the American people have a right to be afraid. You caused all of this. Remember?
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
Thank you, Mr. President! Great Americans All !
Did anyone show you their scars? Did you show them your terrible bone spurs?
So many old white men congratulating themselves.
only white people 
hope none of these brave men were POWs.. you don't honor vets who were captured
@TruthinGov2016 @RealDJTrumpTeam @TeamTrump @TGowdySC #AZ #CA #NC #FL #PA #WI #IN #IA #KY #Oh #MI #VA #NY #TX #TN #SC #WA.
they should all be embarassed that they have to take their picture with you.
Where are the female Medal of 
Honor winners you chauvinistic putz.
@Kaltner01 Mr. president! It is refreshing to have you in office. Although I've never served I sure appreciate this men!
did you tell them your son in law & his lack of any experience, will be in charge of V.A.?
Why does America not have any woman heroes???
Or anything but white male heroes?
this from the man who mocked the disabled & veterans. Who's Purple Heart did u take today?
@DonaldJTrumpJr  @VP #ACAHell is @NancyPelosi's and #DemsOwnIt https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/03/rinocare-lesson-for-trump-work-with-conservatives-not-with-the-swamp#sthash.87ZqXBKd.dpuf … #REclaimHealthcare with #FullRepeal
