you're an incompetent amateur, horrible execution
keep up the good work.  Besides, I love watching liberals losing their minds!
...but none from the countries you banned. Why don't you have better advisors? #nmp
bad "dudes"? You mean you don't know how to use quotation marks, either? #bigsurprise
Right now the hole world does not know who are the bad ones! #bullyTrump 
https://mobile.twitter.com/CNN/status/825782271231815681/video/1 …
Previous administration banned the same group for 6 month period. Where was the hue and cry then?
Thank you President Trump for protecting the American People from terrorist who want to come here and harm us.  Thank you.
you are clueless- both in execution and on principles.
YOUR #1 FAN, WHITE CHRISTIAN, DID THE KILLING IN QUEBEC. HMMMM! INTERESTING! SCUMBAG!
you are doing a fantastic job, best ever of getting Americans to dislike you
Yes there is @realDonaldTrump and you're one of them.
.@realDonaldTrump Good lord, Donald! Bad dudes? Honey you do not sound like a statesman who knows what he's talking about.
.@realDonaldTrump If you're confident in your "ban," no need to sloppily justify it on Twitter in the terms it was explained to you, dear.
you are the bad dude/cheeto.
you for example?  #ashamed
This "ban" is completely unAmerican, dangerous and cowardly. You make us look frightened and foolish.
Defining @realDonaldTrump <---Falsehoods! @POTUS <---Lies @WhiteHouse <---Alternative Facts
No, if the ban had been announced with a one week notice it would have given people time to mobilise: that's what you mean.
your English is subpar, you tweet like a surfer and not the president of the USA #notmypresident
that's a bunch of bull crap.  Cant come here without a visa or other documentation.  Nobody comes here without vetting.
You are just covering up for your ineptitude in implementing this horrid policy.
is this your secret #Isis plan? Well done. Next time, stick to what you know - filing bankruptcy
when are you going to stop making a fool out yourself on twitter? You are an embarrassment! So is @KellyannePolls
IDIOT
yeah we got one in the god damn Oval Office dude
.@realDonaldTrump
What happens when we are attacked because of your foolishness? Homegrown terrorists are causing us the most problems.
UNCAPABLE TO GOVERN  
SHORTLY YOU'LL BE OUT.
@POTUS  soooo, did you arrest any terrorist ? And what about the people you just sent back? Isis will be waiting for them..
The left gets upset at common sense! Keep up the great work, we're behind you!
How many attacks in US in the last 30 years from refugees from these nations? Need a hint?  Yet Saudi Arabia isn't on list?
Ok Pres. "Dude" try reading for  chage.
#BannonsBitch. Say hello to #PresidentBannon for me. And #QueenKellyanne. They sure got what they wanted didn't they.....
me @ all of your tweets: ????????
?????
???????????
you keep using that word "bad" I don't think it means what you think it means
@BobbyBrantley  you seriously can't be a fan of this man...
no one besides the trump supporters think trump is doing any good with his power, leave a positive mark...
lives for themselves and others that's what makes America great growth expansion everyone doing there part.
that's not the way immigration nor refugee resettlement works. No one could rush in here b/c it takes months to be vetted.
Sir, Deerborn & Hamtramck Michigan already Operating as Muslim Countries. They are already here and in operation against us
come visit us here in Dearborn* ur first beer is on me (catholic) and my Muslim wife.
it is Deerborn. Learn to spell the city you supposedly live in. I lived the 25 years. don't tell me I know.
it's definitely Dearborn. You can Google it, then figure out where the short in your brain is.
you lived there 25yrs and don't know how to spell it? Ummmmm lie.
I am using Twitter for the first time.  I am nauseated by so many lost souls who froth vileness out of their minds.  I'm very disappointed.

Hey Donald...how about starting to act like an adult instead of like the grammar school children I teach. You are an embarrassment to the US
Riling Up your base. Dude, hate to break it to you but you hit the ceiling with that demographic. It won’t grow. It’s shrinking.
& you're one of them.
“Bad” dudes  #Flynn #TrumpRussia
you are so full of crap
using that for an excuse is just like you.
You're really paranoid
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "...

I try to teach my grammar school kids not to bully and here we have a president that does continuously...must be real proud of yourself..NOT

Trump, please, please, ban all Nigerian Muslims from entering America. It is a warning.
What about the bad dude sitting in the Oval Office? When can we expect him out?
Don't get suckered in to the swamp monsters living in the swamp your trying to drain.
TRUMP want
s to make this country free of terrorist 's and their death and destuction, but the DEMONIC DEMON DEMOCRATS DON'T want that.  Just like they don't want  AMERICA TO be in the hands of  AMERICANS any more.
Since 1975, 0 s have been killed in terror attacks on soil by foreigners from the 7 nations included in your Muslim ban
However since 1975 nearly 3,000 Americans were killed by citizens from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates & Egypt
what do those nations have in common? You have multi-million $ licensing & development deals in all of those countries GTFO
but yeah, tell us more about the "bad dudes" you're protecting us from
and for the love of god, TEACH YOUR SUPPORTERS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN YOUR & YOU'RE

Spelling isn't subjective, thus there is no "claim" about it. "Don't tread on" the English language.
Shh, big words and eloquent language scares Trump supporters. They don't have the brain capacity to understand.
when was last attack by legal refugees with approved green cards and permanent residence?
you need to do some more reading what you said is a fake news story that is not what Trump signed
he is a disaster and is harming this country
you're delusional snowflake, Obama did the same thing Trump did did you care then?
ah the Obama did it too ..no fact is that was different scenario best get to reading you are severely misinformed
ahaha ok snowflake go delete uber now
I dont use uber ty
@TDennis17 
Your are so right their all just walking in 2 Canada at Manitoba border, no one stopping it. We need your help
LOL some libtard said build a wall on border. As a  I hate to admit it but I agree lol and
whats a wall if JT is handing out the keys to the gate?
We have to take those keys away from him
and then again, there are a lot of good ppl out there. I understand you only see the bad
so what about the bad dudes in Saudi Arabia, UAB, Egypt, Nigeria etc..
seriously, fake president.  You, family and staff should be banned or imprisoned...frauds and fake, all of you.
Weird how little you know about bad people considering you're one of them.
It takes MONTHS to even get on the fucking list. You aren't very smart, are you? I challenge you to a game of #Jeopardy!
Childish and misinformed talk. Obviously you know nothing about criminality, terrorism or migration. Educate yourself.
See. Ban. Right there.
you could have told the agencies responsible for implementation to avoid confusion on people in flight when it came down.
the BSD r already here living in r WH.ban didnt keep u out
you sound like a teenager. You said you knew lots of words, the best words: use them! My kid is a better public speaker
There are bad dudes hurting/destroying USA now in the White House and yr appointees, Time to ban all of you guys,all liars
Thank you Mr. President for taking time from your day to meet with our fallen soldier
Please learn to speak like a President if you are going to pretend to be one.
all the bad "dudes" are already in 'Merica, it's called the white house
How bad a 5 year old, detained for hours in an airport full of other kind of bad people, can be? Dumb.
Act like our President!
and you are one of them

you're one of the baddest, if only we could keep you out of America.
You're right. Spit on "alternative" liberals with the "alternative logic". They're hypocrites. 
https://twitter.com/Breaking911/status/825845142569508864 …
Do you actually research anything? Most illegals are in America for outstaying their legal visas. They are not sneaking in.
If I announced destruction of Alderaan then bad "dudes" would have left during that week!
it was announced it would start on March 15th! I can't take this anymore you are a freak show!
Great! That means you guys have the perfect list of bad dudes to investigate using your maths and sciences. so much easier
Oh dear. If only you'd had the benefit of an adequate education. You really are a dull-minded chap.
bad dudes?... how old are you? 10?? Grow up
So, what does a 10 day notice do?Admit it, this is just pandering to your base at the expense of people & the economy.#Sad
UNITE AS ONE.. ISIS IS PISSING ITSELF AT US ALL . THEY ARE THE PROBLEM. NOT TRUMP. #leftandrightunite
you are the only bad dude out there preying on the innocent and profiting from it
I’d give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
Possible but I think more coordination within the gov't before it was rolled out would have been better.
Do you realize that a week is not the same as 18-24 months? Too bad you weren't vetted half as well. President Clinton
Allah In Quran Chapter 17 Verse 104 of the Night Journey gave the land of Judah to the Jews. Palestinians r not mentioned.
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
Unfortunately thats what is taking place now since judge overturned your ruling.
tell the truth about the current refugee vetting process...refugees wait for MONTHS before entering the US
the worst dudes are your appointees & VP. Americans need to be protected from their evil
You have the vocabulary of an Middle School student - did you get another year of study in? That's PROGRESS DONNY!
wow asesome trump. U did great jo tht noone could ever imagine. We need it india
STOP DISGRACING THE WORD DUDES
It takes months and years of vetting to get a green card or a visa, bad people won't just "come in"
. @realDonaldTrump
keep up the good work. Your doing great.
Worst "dude" of all.
when you look at relationships in micro no wars are really won. Look at the world as macro.
makes sense.
are you insane?  Seriously!  That's the most fucked up logic I've ever heard
are the "bad" rushing into our country this week?
keep on man, you  are on right way but I don't think that you can survive for 4 years.:))
the fact that you choose to use the word 'dudes' is disturbing. You have a stoner tweeting for ya, homie ?
Yes, sir!! 
No, they would not.
Fire that judge.
keep spreading the misinformation and hate, mein fuhrer
idiot
Seriously, Trump. Not. How. Quotation. Marks. Are. Used.

you are like an ISIS propaganda strategist's wet dream. Making their job of radicalisation easier with every tweet.
fucking moralist
Your allies Saudi and Qatar finance them, turkey buys the oil, Israel gives Saudi Technology, the cat chases his tail
You're the worst "dude" out there. Just quit.
Halfwit!
So what grade are you in, better yet, what era are you in , "dudes"?! At least speak like a president!
there's a 2 year wait to get in, so no they wouldn't.
also a lot of bad dudes in the White House.
How could they "rush into our country" when current vetting takes 2 years or more? All it did was create chaos. Congrats.
ya one of those "bad dudes" is our president

study? Donnie doesn't even read!
lol I guess he's on the audio book wave.
hahaha definitely. I hear he's a yuuuge podcast guy.
just checking in to see if you've worked out how quotation marks work yet?
*sings* bad hombres to the left of me, bad dudes to the right, here I am, stuck in the middle with you.
Right you are Donald, lots of bad dudes in the white house;you and head thug Bannon
Becky you make me happy!! This man is mentally ill!!
OFF TRUMP TRAIN!  forked-tongued imbecile!!!
No, there are a "LOT OF BAD "DUDES" right here in your "great" America. Does this wknds shooting of a Sikh ring a bell?
is it the Propecia that's affecting your thoughts, or is it your exceptionally small Penis that makes you so insecure?
That's #common #sense!  Again, #right on!
YEAH, YOU ARE THE LEAD>  BAD DUDE, CAN WE BAN YOU
you clearly have no idea how any of this works and are unfit to be president. #notmypresident
oh for Gods's sake - SHUT UP!!!!
busy at work now; unlike you I have to be competent, so just let me quickly say you"re an embarrassment"dude" #resist
this ban bulshit is only to make a little boy feel like a man. You want to be king and Rule. Well you're not.
I love how people make judgements on trump because of his hair and  his non political way of talking like a true American.
Dudes?? Are you serious?? Are you 12???
"Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free..." sound familiar?
How? How would that happen? how fast do you think the visa process works? and how many times have you been hit in the head?
Gary Cohn talks like a "second hander". What the hell? Get creative. We need a new tax code now. Income=Personal receipts!!
You can't even come across as statesmanlike! You sound like a five year old.
I bet your grandchildren could sound more grownup then you.
No Donald it's not WE made a bad decision. YOU MADE  A HORRIBLE DECISION....YOU SAY BY YOUR NEW JACKET COMMANDER IN CHIEF.
I thought it was not a "ban."  #ban #muslimban #whatdidiwrite #orangeman
I think we found the flaw in our election process. Too much heads up allowing for the lowest common denominator candidates.
IM A KID A KID THINKS HIS YOU so not me I swear
can you really be this dumb?! 
the only bad dude I'm worried about is the one in the White House. #countdowntoimpeachment
you're a bad hombre
I'm pretty sure that there are more innocent and good people out there than "bad dudes". You must not care about the people
"Bad dudes"?  Great language, 45.  You write like a 5th grader.  One day, you might learn some big boy words.
. @realDonaldTrump the "bad" dudes are here and most of them voted for you and wave confederate flags...
Exactly!!!
That's a mirror, Donald.
but nobody else had the balls to fight for true Americans and america. thank you. you fight for us, so we fight for you.
get Majors of big cities to stop the resistance of your laws with sanctuary of illegals especially Los Angeles.really bad
and you're completely overlooking them.
Go Trump!!!! Keep it up !!! You are trying all you can and we know it !!! God bless !
Stop spreading fear, unless u're doing it for some reason?
Dear President Trump thank you for not caving in to the purveyors of lawlessness who want USA destroyed - GBU !!
where are your Republicans on building your silly wall?
You are worst of all, "dude."
