GOD HELP USA!! TRUMP KNOWS ZERO about 3 mentioned# not EVEN aware of which COUNTRY he's IN! MORE CAHOSE 4 SURE. IMPEACH M#
God, I'm sure they are SOOO looking forward to that, Donny.
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security....
I didn't vote 4 U, but I wish I had! Israel belongs to Israel, yesterday, today and forever. According to GOD! 
U should have said they are thumbing their noses at the very freedom to kneel before the Nation Anthem. Or piss heads un-American!
My man Trump, what u said about the football players should have been peanut heads, not S O B that means their moms a bit...
WHO CARES DUMMY!!! LOCK HIM UP!!!
What do you know about any of those things?
After the special prosecutor finds nothing re: Russian collusion, I hope you instruct him to investigate Hillary.
Currently this is about Trump & associates. Not about Hillary. Stop changing subject away from Trump
Hillary is the source of Trump's media frenzy.  It is her time for jail which Comey f'ed up
Do you not realize yet that we are more in danger from climate change than terrorism!! SAD!!!
Please leave without a fuss
Please attempt to be presidential! No pushing others aside and bullying other countries, especially our friends.
Hope you don't scree up!!!!!
Another tough day in court. Huh?
Supreme court has the last say. Winning winning winning #MAGA
Delusional. Delusional. Delusional.
Winning winning winning. No participation trophy for libs here. Lol #MAGA
NY AG has a pending RICO investigation on Don the Con. FBI, NSA, Dept. of Treasury, House, Senate Committees. WTF do u think you're winning?
Ya ok fake news. Real news obama n all his minions spied on all Americans. Treasonous act 4th ammendment. Screw u #MAGA
There you go with Obama again. Not gonna save donnie he is the one ubder investigation.
Dream on snowflake #MAGA
Give em hell.. For all us true patriots. #realchange

Try not to f*ck up
By engage do you mean manhandle out of the way?
Keep up the glorious work. #Winning
God bless President Trump!  God bless America!  Trump 45!  TTT: Two Term Trump!!
Thank you Sir!!! Have so much Faith in you!!! So Proud that your my @POTUS!!!
Engage? You need to engage with #missmanners when you return 2DC. You've done nothing but embarrass us on this trip! https://youtu.be/ecTuW_KU7YE 
Keep up good work God bless
Don't let them walk all over you
tell NATO to pay their share or we leave! Tell Luxembourg to leap. how disrespectful they are!
I hope you and your supporters go straight to hell
Hell is too good for them.
Try not to insult anyone and please try not to embarrass us for a change.
Engage them in your special way, you dumb Russian puppet @realDonaldTrump

Say hi to Jared!
You still eating children?  You are, aren't you.
Has Jared returned to the states?  The FBI is looking for him
Go home, Donald. You are making a fool of yourself.
mention russia, why don't you donald
In a 140 character format, I'm sure! Go back to grade school and learn how to speak in full sentences "LOSER!"
See if u can keep ur classified intel in ur pants this time, Donnie boy!
Best wishes!
Ty potus always keep God first. We are praying for yall.

Go @POTUS !!!
SAD. Maybe just sit and be quiet and see what real leaders act like
Terrorism - pattern of governments knowing terror perps after events.  Many have known terror ties, travel to hostile Islamic countries
Pop quiz hotshot- can you name all 7 members of the G7?
No chance
Please just call out sick.   Our Nation's reputation can't take much more of you.
You are an idot representing us COME BACK HOME. I would do a better job with our allies
So when you say Engage, do you mean "body slamming them like Gianforte or pushing them like what you did to the PM Montenegro yesterday?
No like flipping of the president and shouting f you from the guy in California
Oh, jeez; please don't speak.
They want Obama back - he got a hero's welcome in Germany yesterday, he'll get the same in Scotland today.
That's what socialist countries do. They can keep Obama
Donald - Please remember to play well with others. Don't push other world leaders out of your way just to get to the front. Wait your turn.
No one works harder and smarter than president Trump.
He makes Obama look like the JV team.
no he makes Obama look like a god cos of his own incompetence and childish behavior, he's a door knob no excuses
Do you have any idea how much the rest of the world is laughing at you, right now? #45 is a world class joke.
You mean like this?
Yeah I spot it.....Trump is bought and paid for via Vlad Putin
You know he hates Asians too, right?
Don't hide the fact that he curtsy'd for the same King.  Unless he dropped his purse and tampons fell out.  #hewillfuckyoualltoo
You embarrassed us at NATO
One of the proudest moments in American history. How uneducated are you?
You don't set the bar very high at all, do you?
Congratulations on denying Spicer his lifelong dream of meeting the Pope. You’ve caused me feel something other than animosity toward him.
Goes in to meet Pope with that mindset too. Lacking compassion and generosity before meeting  first Pope in a while that embodies that. SICK
THIS IS MY PRESIDENT! God bless him everyday!
The only thing i have in mind... is money.
When you say “engage,” that doesn’t mean you’re going to be shoving world leaders aside like a jackass again. Does it?
alpha male. Deal with it
Nah, more like cuck.
only if you know what a cuck is lol
I'm replying to one.
Best President this country has ever had!  #MAGA
You must not have been around for the JFK presidency.
Yes I was but sadly he life was cut short to really make a difference.
Bahahaha! I guess you weren't paying attention.

OBAMA with a heart and love gor his country and people. Trump is shitting his diaper. Or what  ever he is doing in this pic


Are you ok?
Thx
Austrian overflow and quite the emoji gangster Muted it.
This is a leader.  You're an embarrassment.
Lol that obama worst pos president ever. Thank god for trump #MAGA
You are identifying with the Traitor-in-Chief. If you were truly America First, you'd open your eyes and ask questions re: Russia. WAKE UP!
Wheres your outrage when Hillary sold US out to Russia? Its ok for the Dems to work with Russia right??
As I recall, it was BIPARTISAN, publicly recorded DEAL. Different that treason. BTW, conversation is CURRENT events re: #TraitorTrumPutin
Lib alert !!!! #MAGA
OMG.... It's back someone make it stop tweeting.
Was this when they announced there would be ice cream, fat old bitch?
So i guess this didnt come from you then...
Don't push anyone out of the way. Even if you don't know who they are, at this meeting they are probably important.
Lol. America comes first now !!! We are being respected not pushed around like when that pos pussy obama was president #MAGA
That's not respect. It's more like disdain.
Lol ya only on the left. We Americans realize winning when we see it. Libs = Losers #MAGA
I'm not a "liberal democrat" idiot. I didn't drink the cult Kool Aid. He's a disgrace & a criminal. Ask NY. They are sizing up his cuffs
I've had enough trying to educate dumbocrats #MAGA
Good luck at the summit Mr. Trump. Show the world America is back in strength & leadership.
recommend it to USA government to investigate. Investigation can help USA to find more powerful tech and ways to win
Jared Kushner trying to secretly talk to the Russians is the biggest billow of smoke yet
You forgot about climate change.
Please do something for Coptic Christians. Being slaughtered by is. Help please for our Christian Brothers and sisters.
Maybe you should focus on taking care of your people at home and fix the HC system. Making insurance not companies not publicly traded would
Make a huge difference in cost and incentives. Insurance companies don't take care of the people the healthcare system does. Insurance
I think you should check the White House for hidden surveillance devices that might have been placed prior to taking office.
Well come to india
He's awesome
He's awesome TRUMP
Don't for get that 880 billion that Christine's no longer have to forcefully use to have to give forcfully to pay for killing children
give him break lol
Nighty night orange baby lying so called president of the divided states
they are prepared not to wet themselves laughing at you. I saw someone passing out adult diapers. you foolish twidiot. they laugh at u lmao
I think you meant enrage, not engage
#FireKushner
MAGA
RESIGN WHILE YOU STILL CAN,  TRAITOR!!!
you're so terrific
What all of the international leaders will be hearing when you are talking....blah, blah, blah, blah.......".
Yeah, forget about refugees, nature ....and "freedom". Leader of the Free World? that title you lost a while ago.
Merkel, Macron and Trudeau walked all over you.  AHAHAHAHAA
Obama-Merkel meeting drew bigger crowd than you.  AHAHAHAA
U are Most Powerful man on this Earth,make this Things Hapening
Engage is obviously the GOP Alternative Fact word for temper tantrum.  "If you other countries don't do what I want, I will blow you up!"
Great! You tell them! God bless!
They think you are a joke! 
Blo me
And you lost.
You were a laughing stock! Donald Trump is America's biggest embarrassment!
Does he realize he's a terrorist himself?
You suck

Oh no
my answer to you on this one can only be showed with an emote 
You couldn't engage anyone with an IQ over 80 about anything. You know nothing, can't be bothered to prepare and it shows whenever you talk.
global warming for the future of our children , that you ignore
You don't engage your friends. You embrace them.  Clueless
Chúc Ông thành công tốt đẹp !
Macron is idiot Doni, watch him....
every time you tweet I donate to progressives @donalddonates. Keep it up!
The Gary Cohns Rothschilds, etc are more than happy to use coal and oil in the third world countries while getting cheap labor!
BE yourself honest blunt truthful....USA proud if your accomplishments
in USA by your support.
  Yours wupeng,God bless us and God bless America.
Be honest, someone wrote that tweet for you didnt they. "Off to see some good men about bad guns and naughty bombs"
You are an embarrassment to the world.
Please don't push anyone
Just shove them out of the way and then body slam anyone who laughs at you.
While they look at you in amazement and disgust....
What...  no discussions about treason???

Explain why you are going to be impeached while you're at it Donald.
Climate Change!

I think you mean enrage.
I have always felt that the EU was Germany's way of taking over Europe without a war. I do not trust them.
Are you going to "engage" them in the same way you have engaged the Russians? Will you be throwing more of our allies into the fire?
For the love of us deplorables please block Tony posnanski, Roland scahill, and William Legate
Give them hell Mr president Donald Trump.
Yeah they are going to be riveted
Are you going to invite them to your war/obstruction room?  Ask them to help cover up a crime?  Always a good team builder!!
The world needs protection from u, & UR Russian mob money lenders! U R a traitor & a fake @POTUS. #TraitorTrump #TrumpRussiaCollusion
What a joke you are! Not winning loser!
Please stay OUT of the Paris Climate Agreement. Our money could go to some good use, instead.
How bad did you screw that up?
And by engage you mean posture and read tweets on your phone.
might want to add call a  lawyer to that list #impeach
Let's Go Trump Go
Pack crayons & a coloring book! The pics make reading unnecessary! Let the adults discuss issues you don't understand & know nothing about!
HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAA....You're such a fool.
And Biafra also....
Is this how you engage leaders? If so, god help us all.
ITs too bad no leader went from the USA.

School them President!
BRAVO MR TRUMP! FANTASTIC JOB! RESPECT FROM AUSTRALIA 
Good.  Presidential. Be a populist.  The people will love you. So far all we see are old white men billionaires. 

Health care for all!
Don't turn around quickly. You might catch them laughing at you.
Good men
Dickless @realDonaldTrump Those who shove their way to the front of the line just to feel important are small minded & Small handed indeed!!
Bull $hit! You liar. You will just continue to embarrass us. Resign or be impeached. Your choice.
Try to stay awake
Security, like when Russian moles/stooges/bagmen penetrate the highest levels of US government?
Those leaders followed OBAMAs lead and for 8 yrs the ISSIS manifested everywhere President Trump u have your hands full End all this madness
MAGA! Great Job You Are Doing Mr. President! Praying for you daily!!
Those are pretty bigly words for you. Do you know what they mean?
You are and always be the worst president in American history nobody can top you
Complete imbecile, he should be nowhere near the G7. You Americans must get him out of power.
....and learning how to button my jacket......
@millennialviews God be with you and your family Mr President. Thank you
Great
Your thoughts on "security" should be quite entertaining.
Get em potus
We are so Proud of you Mr.President!
I hope they ask you, why you destroyed our intelligence sharing with Britain and Israel?
Qfcvivbkt hugs j   .pe.gen
