Obama caught on hot mic"I can be more flexible after my Re-Election" Outgoing Russian President "I'll tell Valdimir"
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/862427809725206529 …
If you think that is the same as what Trump did - you might be mentally incompetent.
What exactly was he meant to have done? Do you even know?
Unless you think all those meetings with Russian representatives that they've admitted too - well actually were found out - during the campaign and after were coincidence. plus Flynn lied about them WHY if they weren't anything to cover up? Why? Why lie?
Flynn was meeting them to discuss how they could get together and beat ISIS in Syria. Hardly treasonous. He was Security for the President Elect. The fact he was set up & wire-tapped illegally by Sneaky Obama is a different story & should be investigated.
If he was discussing ISIS why did he lie?? Your President admitted Flynn lied? They were discussing if they helped elect trump they would ease the sanctions. I understand you have to defend the Cult. I understand you're deluded. It's ok.
He shouldn't have lied, he had nothing to hide. But this Russian fiasco has everyone guilty before being tried. America is not at War with Russia. Obama gave billions of dollars plus Uranium to Iran who openly say they want to kill Americans & conquer US but that was all right??
People don't lie when they have nothing to hide.
But of course a hoax that is being investigated by FBI, both the House & Senate, and Pentagon. Careful with those bubbles. They may POP!
U mean the taxpayer-funded charade that is @realDonaldTrump? The charade HAS pretty much ended. Taxpaying will continue; jail isn't cheap.
I'd rather pay for jail than his golf outings... Apparently the word "impeachment" is being heard frequently around DC these days (1/2)
Don't forget to scream at the sky!
How’s the weather in Vladivostok?
How does it feel to lose again? Clinton colluded with Russia! #LForLoser
How are the working conditions in a Russian troll farm? Can’t imagine the benefits are very good
Is that all you have?  You're a stooge! #LiberalLogic 
Seriously, how’s the weather in Vladivostok?
Current administration is a taxpayer funded charade, I want my vote and my money back
You can't get your vote back. You have to live with it forever.
No, really?! Gosh, I had no idea they didn't offer refunds, thanks for the vital update.
@loonyinthehall my, aren't we a little snarky after being reminded that it was you who made the fatal mistake of voting for him.  I can only see blind faith as the reason people voted for him.  He never in his life had any substance as a human being.
Please see original tweet, I did not say who I voted for.
No hoax. Will end when you & your administration are caught. Me think thee protests too much 
I'll wait to hear from Fox and Friends, that's the obvious truth.
@POTUS @foxandfriends @foxnation MUCH MORE legitimacy  than the Hillary "emails" witchhunt;?didn't u just listen to Yate;cause she's a woman
It will end when you are impeached for treason.
When they get to the real truth.
Maralago: tax payer funded charade
Please shut up.
Dunno, but I'm thinking locking Hillary Clinton up would be a good start..
Taxpayers pay 140k per day to keep your 'wife' from sleeping in the same house as you.
When YOU release your
TAX RETURNS.
You're welcome.
Where are your taxes?!?!?
when will you stop using taxpayers money on places you own?
#TrumRussia will end, only once you are in jail.
When you fess up!
People supporting @POTUS & Flynn, putting family in WH, lack of taxes, & proven untruths-  Why r u compromising USA values?
When you and your bag of tricks go to prison
It continues for as long as you are in office.
It will most likely end with your impeachment.
Says the guy who constantly takes taxpayer funded golf trips every weekend...
Sally Yates will have much more to say in a classified hearing! Maybe you should resign before impeachment & save us more taxpayer dollars!
#DonTheCon #dumptrump #StopTweeting #STFU #impeach #hypocrite
This is exactly why Hillary Clinton needs to pay for this! She &her wind bags cooked it up! They can pay 4it too! Such crap she's not jailed
Lets protect the tax payer and Little Donald Trump stay in Washington DC, and stop traveling to his properties?
When you are impeached...arrested...overthrown
just don't break any MORE of our taxpayer furnishings  in the White House k
Are u kidding me? It showed just the opposite! U hired a guy who was a tool of Russia and knew it! Sir, what is the connection w u and them?
Greasy question!  Your fraud  of a presidency will end with your resignation  or impeachment.
Nuke Mosсow and we'll belive you!
#MarchForTruth #liarinchief #goFyourself
Me thinks thou doth #protest too much
YOU ARE A LIAR 
you mean your presidency? I often wonder that myself. #trumprussia #impeachtrump #trumpregime
Hehehe tough being Putins coke holster huh? This will all end soon enough and you can rest in Prison
When you are impeached!!


When you’re in jail!
We know you knew! 
1. Obama told you in Nov.
2. Yates told you in Jan.
3. You knew because you're the one who told Flynn to meet w Russians.
Bs
20 percent uranium to put in from hillary
 Exchanged 145 million to her foundation. You sick people. She committed felonies.

its a  lie made up bye you comnies to discredit the president..there is no russian connection.just shit made up
Only Russia collusion was with Hillary & Bill Clinton, Podesta & Obama
NEWT: Hillary, Bill, the Clinton Foundation, and John Podesta all have more ties to Russia than Trump, but the media REFUSES to cover it! 
https://www.justice.gov/file/1035477/download …
There is still no sign of any Trump Russian collusion! Despite this never ending witch hunt saga, costing American taxpayers millions of dollars. 
https://www.justice.gov/file/1007271/download …
Lock them up!
I #STILL don’t understand why #Trump supporters can’t ever debate the presidents issues without constantly mentioning others. Hillary lost, & the pig you voted for unfortunately won. Let’s take some accountability!
So its all right for Liberals to talk rubbish about President Trump but no one should talk about squeaky cleanObama or Clinton. Whatever happened to Free Speech? Oh! I forgot its only for Corrupt Democrats and Liberals. Fisa report involving this corrupt lot is happening now?
2nd of all, why do Conservatives (since we are doing enormous generalizations) accuse liberals of taking away their rights, when they are questioned?
According to Liberals, Conservatives have no rights. Everyone is entitled to free speech, whether you agree with it or not.
Please stop lying. Flynn, Manafort, Page and two of your sons have already been tied to Russia. You praise Putin & spout Kremlin propaganda.
You and your team already know that Russia interfered with the US election to help you to steal the presidency
Do you really expect us to believe that you weren't as deeply involved as the rest of your team? Are you that naive, or are you just a liar?
We know you're a liar. We also know that, when you can't face the truth, you claim it's #fakenews. Doesn't your tweet confirm your guilt?
Now you've completely lost it by firing Comey. Firing your investigator is a tin-pot dictators' action and it makes you look guilty as hell.

#fakenews
Is that what you told yourself in the mirror! The only charade here is you and your cohorts of clowns
The taxpayer-funded charade will end when you resign or are impeached for dishonesty, comrade Donald.
Ask Melania- she can tell
SMH 
Mueller is still on the job which is driving you crazy.
We would like to believe you being president is a hoax as well but just like Trump/Russia collusion, it too is real.
I'm asking myself the same thing about your "presidency."
And there is no way the Trump-Russia collusion is fake. There are way to many connections between you/family/ campaign staff to Russia!
When justice is served and you're impeached for obstruction of justice.
The only tax payer funded charade is your presidency. Enjoy your golf
@realDonaldTrump:  The Trump-Russian collusion story will end with your resignation or impeachment.  With indictments of Manafort and Gates, the long process of removing you from office has started.
When you get the corrupt swamp creatures out of the FBI, Justice Department, State Department so that the truth can be found, not covered up
Exactly, I am tired of seeing our Tax dollars used up because the Democrats/Liberals are being childish.
Maybe when you end your voter fraud charade? Or your presidential charade? Or your "I'm not the devil incarnate" charade?
dear Lyin' Donald Frump: if you have nothing to hide support investigation! we are wasting more $$ on your golf trips, mar-a-lago, wife NYC
@realDonaldTrump #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lier #lie #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies
Just like Climate Change....they just want to control U.S. with fear & lies.
When you resign!!!!
Z
Drip drip drip.
That donald promise about releasing his taxes is fake news. Just another lie for the pyre.
When your gone!
When you start detaching yourself from Russia, which isn't happening
getting nervous Donnie?
When you are gone
The Dem and Liberals with the Fake News will never stop because they are part of draining the swamp.They are desperate to make up anything.
You know it's not
When you are in an orange jumpsuit and sandals.
Hopefully the day you're impeached
When you are rightfully thrown from office.

45 is, as of today, a dead man walking. Period. https://twitter.com/khinman/status/864282714584821760 …
when will the charade of u as POTUS, end!? Ur an embarrassment to the U.S.!!!
"Taxpayer funded"? Nooo no no, don't worry everyone.... Mexico is paying for it.
hahahahahahahaha You are Fake News & Russian Stooge, Obstructor of Justice, #NoMandateTrump most UNPOPULAR Pres. ever
Probably about the same time you actually pass a piece of legislation or maybe when you are impeached. REAL NEWS
When they start getting investigated...
When you're indicted?
2.FBI has evidence. It will not get released until ppl get charged &they formally ask for discovery through the court system.
It will end when the investigation is complete & you're impeached!
It is a fact, as Comey said, that you were not under investigation in March. You are now- deeply. Pucker up, Buttercup. This is gonna sting.
Speaking of tax payer funded.
Surrender and let justice be done. If innocent you go free. But you AREN'T innocent and you know it.

All the money wasted on Clinton ..that was a hoax.  You are going down for your criminal acts!!!
Hopefully when you get impeached OR never, just like Benghazi.
When we get to the bottom of your shenanigans! Have Spicer explain it to you
When you are in jail
You don't help yourself when, the day after you fire the director of FBI, you are LITERALLY colluding &laughing w/Russians in Oval office.
When will your collusion and fake presidency end, Mr. Frump? You are the charade, moron.
If it's a hoax, then prove it!  Problem is you can't @impeachdtnow
Settle down, comrade!
when you release your tax returns. you're welcome
Soon, we hope!!
JUST LIKE ALMOST ALL CPS CASES ARE FAKE NEWS, CHARGES, LIES. REPEAL THE CARTER CLINTON SAFE FAMILIES ACT STOP FORCED ADOPTI
You could resign. This is going to be investigated & you are going to take down the entire Republican party.  Lol  #Thanks Trumpskin
it will end when you're in jail!!!!
And the answer to when will the russian investigation end is It will end when we prove you were helped by and assisted Russian in the last election. You have the information to know that better than anyone and your action, or lack of action prove this
When will your charade of a presidency end?
Here's a deal from the American public. You stop spending our money for weekly vacations, we stop caring about Russia?
NO. Release you taxes give up twitter, respect others .....
Na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na, hey hey GOOOOODBYEEEEEE!!!!!!
If you ain't in jail by 2018, wait til Dems take senate & house. Then you'll see hearings
About FELIX SATER...
https://twitter.com/johnsweeneyroar/status/834120721156698112 … He was probably there.
.@realDonaldTrump sd on oath in '13 he hardly knew Russian-born gangster #FelixSater. See him react when I press him https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9N5Kun2sJPA …
“The man, doth protest too much, methinks.”
You're proving exactly why we need to continue this "charade"
Soon sir. We need to vote out EVERY LIBERAL DEMOCRAT and Rino in 2018..PUSH VOTER I.D. ASAP shut them down sir
Why did YOU begin the tax-payer funded charade that Obama bugged you?  Donny, we are weary of your tirades and attempts to deflect! #resist
when the tax payers don't have to pay for your vacations to Mar a Lago
I'd anther pay for this than your stupid pointless wall.

Yes, we need your presidency, the biggest taxpayer funded charade ever, to end!
Little boy president.  What did it feel like kissing spicey last night.  You looked like u enjoyed it
Now Flynn is going to testify against you.  Shame you weren't able to bully your way into having this hoax (or is it a charade) shut down :(
It ends with you in tiny cuffs sunshine.
Hopefully when you are impeached.
never until you're caught with your pants đown and impeached
Somebody got so nervous that FBI director was fired
There's no need to hide from the libs, Mr President! If you're with Russia, then SO ARE WE! 
When you and your treasonous clan are forced out of the white house.
Today's indictment states the Russian's purpose was to sow distrust of all candidates. Also, they made contact with unwitting, campaign officials who didn't know they were Russians.The investigators also say the Russians had no impact on the outcome of the election. NO COLLUSION
It will kind of end when you resign. unfortunately for you, it won't "die" It will linger in American History books forever.
When you allow an independent investigation.
I am so sorry Mr.  President.   We the people love you and appreciate all you have sacrificed for America.   God Bless You!!
I'd rather not pay to have your wife housed elsewhere because she can't apparently stand the sight of you. Worst president ever.
Typically, we hyphenate when we're using a third-person participle, Stephen.
Yeah, go play golf! That's serving our tax dollars much better. At least your out of "OUR" house.
It may be winding down now Potus! Let’s see what gives Monday!!!
And remember, the investigation is not only about your collusion and treason, it's also about the very real fact that you are financially compromised by Putin. He owns you. And that puts us all at risk. So please can it and let the investigation run its course.
When you are IMPEACHED #Resist #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow  #dotard #CrookedDonald #DonTheCon
I  how ur screwing up. This will definitely help u lose the next election. If u make it that far. Thank u & keep the screw ups coming!
Agreed Dems should AND would've won EXCEPT for  Putin AND his hacking,and e-mail interference. Release tax returns!
Not a charade donnie & taxpayer $$ is better spent on investigating, impeaching, convicting,& imprisoning than it is paying 4ur golfing
Bayrock Group, Felix Sater, Semion Mogilevich? Ring a bell?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
When you stop impeding justice by firing the people working to find the truth?

Remember the fake news when the next debates roll around! NBC, ABC, CNN and CBS! No interviews and no debates! Millions of Americans support
The unraveling accelerates...
It will end. The. Moment. You. Resign. Don't make us take you all the way to impeachment because you know we will. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Liar, liar,  on .
It will end when you RESIGN. The sooner the better.  You're not looking too good!
putz Schumer wants to subpoena Nash Grant and Rosa Klebb to testify about the Trump Russian campaign collusion ...@realDonaldTrump @nytimes
If I were you, Mr. President, I wouldn't have made myself look guilty of something I didn't do by firing the FBI director I chose
Anti-HRC idiots yapping on @foxandfriends ≠ federal indictment on charges of CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE UNITED STATES

You will die in prison.
I can’t wait for them to seize his assets...that will break him...without his money he has nothing.
When you are impeached and safely back in Russia.
do you still think it's a hoax?
We got out and voted you in. Russia has nothing to do with election.
I believe YOU are the taxpayer funded charade.
why don't u want investigation into a foreign country cyber-attacking USA? Sounds very unpatriotic. What are you afraid of?
Desperate? It will end when you're impeached. Fire as many people as you want, obstruct all you want, it isn't going away. #TrumpRussia
God Bless You President Trump. You're the Best!!!
Think of all the time and tax payer money spent on constant investigations in a tit for tat between Dems and GOP. Please drain the swamp !!
He has greatly added to the swamp. That is partly why he can’t get any major legislation thru. Reach across the aisle and make deals!
When the truth is unveiled
you are a patriot president Trump, THANK YOU for firing Comey, firing that enemy of the United States showed me,,,,, your the best president of my era.    Thank you for all you do sir
When you tell the truth you had Russia help your orange ass , and you fired comey cause he wouldn't be part of your lies. # notmypresident
When you release your tax returns.  #sad
When you show all your tax return
When they IMPEACH YOUR ASS!
When you leave office!
provide Cummings with the info he requested in March 
Why r u withholding info requested if u want it to all be over?
If by "taxpayer funded charade" you mean your so-called 'presidency'....we are all hoping it will be soon.
Nice try nimrod! The hoax is your presidency. Please resign so we can resume living normal lives. Keeping tabs on your lunacy is exhausting.
A little after yours does.
Speaking of tax charades, where ARE the last 10 years of your tax returns? In St. Petersburg?
At this stage of the United States Trump is best, but Americans will not cherish him
