but you were too busy to tweet about this meeting... #HBCUsMatter
it was on his Facebook page. You criticize when he tweets too much and when he doesn't tweet enough. Pick a stand. flip flop left
first pick up your follower strength and then we can discuss... 
become a real leader and then we can talk. I've lead real men into real situations that would give you nightmares.
have a great day "real leader"...
you too "real sheep"
where are the women!? Why are all these men making choices about my body. You're a joke.
@amentilone William Lee gate if you see his tweets block him he is a hater of the USA just trying to gain followers
the America favor and block these haters
great job mr. President we love you with all our hearts and are praying for you everyday
Health insurance companies don't provide healthcare, doctors do. Healthcare companies take your money and DENY coverage. @realDonaldTrump
Would rather see you holding meetings with doctors, nurses, health psychologists, to determine holistic approach to health. @realDonaldTrump
not a single person in this photo has the same anatomy as 51% of the population of the US.
Jesus, don't you even know who is responsible for the rising cost of health insurance? Hint: it ain't Obama.
How many ill & injured patients have they treated? Insurance companies don't deliver care; clinicians do.
just repeal. Why replace? Back to pre omaba care and expand medical/care. Prob solved.
I agree!
Health insurance companies don't provide Health care. They make money off of it.
If you had balls, you'd tell them, "You're fired!"
do all of them hate women and the poor and the ill and the aged? Or just you @POTUS

All wealthy white men except for one. @realDonaldTrump
Cool sausage party, bro.

@realDonaldTrump
总统先生 为什么移民政策这么的过分  是您独裁的一面吗？

oh yeah how does it feeel to have nearly every single company you personally founded go bankrupt???????????????????????????
Buncha white billionaire men (ok 1 Black) and no women. Seems like a good representation of the American public. #not
are you for real?  Health insurance needs an overhaul.
The medical community provides healthcare, insurance companies charge us for it.
BTW, you promised to release your tax returns..#Russiatrump #blackouttrump
Insurance Co. CEO's don't provide healthcare, they sell insurance. Doctors, Nurses, EMT's, etc., provide healthcare.
oh wow look a room full of men. AGAIN. 
CEO that make millions in Salary & stock options don't provide medical care to anyone. Hospitals & Staff do. Everyone knows
Wrong, @realDonaldTrump. Doctors, nurses, therapists, technicians & more "provide great healthcare to the American people."
my insurance co took my generic med that was a 3rd tier  and changed it to a 4th tier raising my co-pay 4x the amount.
You call yourself a businessman? How GREAT is a system that costs double what other developed nations pay,with bad results?

high cost biological drugs used to life threatening illnesses must be demonopolized !  Price cuts and backdoor kickbacks
between these insurers and PBM's have closed most independently own pharmacies.  Reimbursement cuts lowered care standards.
health insurance companies are highly profitable and that level of profit should be the first to be lowered.
kickbacks (rebates ) to these HIC's via PBM's reduce care and quality of life of the disabled.  It needs to stop.
this practice has also closed massive #'s of independent pharmacies, eliminated jobs and stolen the wealth of biz owners.
I like ducks
Insurance companies dont provide healthcare, doctors do. Insurance companies are FOR PROFIT and SICK CARE, not HEALTHCARE!!
They don't provide health care. They rip us all off - unnecessary parasites. High costs in US, bad medical outcomes.
Typo there, Donald. You meant to use the word "deny." "Deny great healthcare to the American people." They provide nothing.
Have you pants on in that picture?

not cheap, or accessible but if you got the $$$ ...
.@realDonaldTrump looks more like a group of extras from the movie "Jaws"
hi i am your fan
You'll keep all those CEOs happy, won't you? Business as usual. No #affordable #health in #America. Shameful.
Trump....I got an idea......any healthcare reform republicans AND Democrats come up with. They have to partake in it also.
- Americans pay the most for care in the developed world b/c of these CEOs. You should serve our interests, not theirs.
@NavyVets4Trump Youhave done a terrific job in 5 weeks.Hope the GOPwillwake up & start supporting you,like they should
Baloney. They're in it to profit. Pay more, give less.
With all due respect, Mr President, they do not provide healthcare.  MDs, RNs, and others at hospitals and MD offices do.
don't you mean that bill the shit out of people while the actual healthcare providers get squat in their pay checks?
I am so proud of you President Trump. I've never seen an @POTUS with this kind of open door & willingness to meet.
傻逼呵呵
As long as health care is in the hands of for profit insurance companies it will never be fair to Americans 
time to talk
It's time to dump these guys insurance companies are like tapeworms who eat the cash leaving a pittence for healthcare
I love you
which ones are they? My COBRA is about to run out and Allstate Cancer Ins still giving me the runaround since NOVEMBER
Sorry to hear this, Claire. Please DM us your policy number, full name, and additional details on your concern. ^BM
BS been dealing with you and getting nowhere-nice tryWhat you do to others you do to yourselves...remember thatyou WILL pay
If you change your mind, feel free to DM us with more info. Happy to see if we can assist. ^BM
Health #banksters
#DonTheCon and a bunch of corporate hooligans -- those who profit by skimming money off the top.
We demand #SinglePayer now!
Men. Men in suits. Men in suits who just LOVE making money the Trump way, by $crewing over ordinary Americans

#MedicareForAll #GOPTaxScam
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… htt...
Yeah, really great.  They make a whole lot of money while the rest of us suffer

#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Or maybe you should see a CEO when you have a health scare. Or next time Ivanka gets pregnant she should see one of them, instead.
CEOs do not provide healthcare. They just reap the benefits of the people who actually take care of patients.
Um, insurance co not healthcare providers. Healthcare providers are  MD's, RN's, PA's etc. Insurance  co manage risk.
CEOS ...for profit insurance ....too bad they care nothing about ppl
Aetna CEO is making money off of the sick. Disgusting.
They only provide great healthcare b/c Obama made them do it with the ACA.
I will have to agree with most people.  Only the CEOs of drug companies and insurance companies get compensation.   Plz look at Big Picture
Insurance companies do NOT "provide healthcare." They needlessly stand between people & healthcare just to profit from it. Pay them or die 
Single-payer Health Care means laying off all those CEO's. So we get a bit of revenge along with helping to save lives and money. #winwin
Insurance companies do not provide healthcare, healthcare practitioners do.
Hi Donald trump that's graet
constitution decttates respectable conduct 2 b a buissnessman product represents buissnesses  china product dog torture needs 2 end PLEASE
making money ahh ????
Economic History proves that Insurances&Gov are the main cause of broken healthcare system; inflation, distorted cost,greed
I mean............they all look like the new tax break mafia.
US #HealthServices have to be rebuilt from scratch, @realDonaldTrump,
just like here in South Africa !!
over 280 million customers and still not enough profit God damn leaches
Everything TRUMP does is GREAT, and don't trust the FAKE NEWS!!
Yes, Donald, we get it.
Not all CEO's are #1...,not even close... :( @warnerbrostv @AMC_TV @TheCW
@ish10040 How about buying ins across state lines??????

these guys are the problem T-rumpus , not the answer!!!!!
No, they don't. They squeeze every last dime out of middle class bank
This is what a "death panel" looks like.
Your doing the job and so far you've been great!
You mean Kusher brother billionaire and the reason universal health care will never come to America .These men are evil
Actually, health insurance does not provide healthcare, physicians and nurses do. #AmericanNursesAssociation #nurse
مسخره
See! If Kellyann Conway were sitting on this table texting on her phone yould see the problem that others saw. #BLINDIDIOTS
insurance companies don't provide health care. Health care providers do that!! Insurance companies fill their pockets w/ $$
these great CEOs have huge salaries and lavish parties. They make the rates high!  Your kind of people.
great. bunch of old dudes making decisions about women's bodies.
Did they explain how complicated Obamacare was or how they're going to keep their pockets lined? #CCBCPOLS101
biggest group of criminals next to politicians in the country.
- they are the problem.
Once again, no women. Way to make America 1958 again.
ins cos providing great healthcare? #bs It's the doctors and nurses on the front lines. #lies #healthcare #fortherecord
....except the poor ones?
More "friends" that you will line the pockets with more $$$ from the American taxpayers. You're a businessman, in business.
.@realDonaldTrump Yeah, how much are they going to increase their prices this year? #ACA
... oh really?  Because you were promising single-payer, universal health care... so WTF?
I have OBAMACARE  and need surgery! Been in pain for 2 years! Deductible too high! Please help me! I need this surgery!
what was it like being the poorest man in the room?
CEOs of health insurance companies do not PROVIDE HEALTH CARE, they take our money and redistribute to medical industry.
is this your Russian Reunion Photo? it's adorable! but where's Vlad>
Looking at this image @realDonaldTrump makes me realise how much more work Women have to do to reach equality. #EqualityMatters #morewomen
great job, sooo proud of U
what's the refund policy on the lousy ACA website. I don't believe we got what we paid for.
Not unless it is single payer.
no, genius.  Doctors, nurses, and APPs provide great healthcare to the American people.  Like you, these people are scum.
insurance companies are a huge part of the problem. They dictate care. Sincerely, 
Health care provider
Just think of the millions of dollars that those CEOs make at the expense of Americans.
health insurance companies of this country have been robbing the American people for years.
your health system is so fucked. Pay/have insurance to get good healthcare makes no sense to a person living in Norway.
@theuneasyreaper @realdonaldtrump @999CallforNHS @NHAparty and all these men know what exactly about the health conditions of WOMEN??
So CEOs screwing people b/c they overly profiteer is great? Americans walked this path before & went bankrupt. SHAMEFUL!
remember who you work for: Me.
They don't provide anything, they take more and serve less every year. DOCTORS provide healthcare
THEY HAVE SUNK MILLIONS INTO THE REPUBLICAN PARTY TO CONTINUE THEIR ASSAULT ON THE WORKING CLASS WALLET
actually they provide ok healthcare to millions at a exuberant price but #whatdoiknow
you have no clue whatsoever!  Shame on you for your lack of preparedness.  Shame on you
All a bunch of greedy crooks that care nothing about people-just like you!
Plotting how you and your buddies will screw us without benefit of some type of lubricant?
#STOPHUMANCLONING #SHUTDOWNCLONINGCENTERS
There's only ONE black person in the meetin'...Make America WHITE Again?
Please help us seniors who can not afford a secondary insurance on the mouthy money we get.
@mikeniktaris insurance buddies 
hi;l'm from iran.i love you
Stop liberal's in their tracks, add a new line item to FICA withholding's "other peoples health insurance = 25%" Ouch!
.@realDonaldTrump Hmm. I always thought doctors and other medical staff provided healthcare. I didn't know CEOs of insurance companies did.
so many photo ops. So little work done.
Actually they provide at unaffordable prices for big profits & when profits off our livesaren't enough they leave markets.
why don't I ever see a lot of women and people of color in your pictures? Always a lot of old white men
your a joke
gee your one handsome guy
@Kitkatpatriot way too many anti American paid trolls replying to this thread. You can't stop patriotism. How embarrassing
thank you for bringing common sense to this nation. 
they would ALL deny coverage to those with pre-existing conditions, if given the chance. #corruption #swampnotdrained
insurance companies are the biggest problem in the healthcare system.
Insurance companies do not PROVIDE healthcare. They steal Americans' hard earned money for fat profit and 0 coverage.
Alternative fact: met with fellow rich men who lead PROFIT driven insurance companies providing mediocre cover...
While you're doing photo ops, #PresidentBannon is out leaking your secrets.  Think about it.
@realDonaldTrump when I taught we all paid into teachers health trust.Teacher contributions defrayed med costs. We were self-insured.
healthcare is provided by actual healthcare providers, doctors, nurses. Insurance companies are nothing but vampires.
Thank you Mr president you sir are a true patriot
like Humana who just dropped me?
who invited the black guy, how did he get in!
Liar! Liar! Liar! No illegal immigration! Term limits! Two terms only!
So insightful of you to realize that insurance companies should be running the healthcare show.  Not.
how about meeting with people that pay for their "great" health insurance? #notmypresident #resist #persist
Mr. President! You're speach tonight was outstanding! It's been a long time since I felt this optimistic about our country!
so wrong. Its all about the money. Health care is not a commodity to appease stockholders
Which one of these does not belong? If you guessed the black guy, you may be racist. If you guessed Trump, you're spot on!
they're the reason Affordable Healthcare doesn't work - those guys all want to be millionaires at the expense of insureds.
what a bunch of tools
you mean the architects of obamacare? Theyre tellng you your healthcare agenda like they did barry i see.
Say what?? Insurers provide NO health care! They rip off health care consumers! They're 97℅ of what's wrong with #PPACA.
repeal and don't replace
.@realDonaldTrump ummm I think you mean health professionals provide health care.  Insurance companies don't.
You said, 'Who knew healthcare could be so complicated?' Apparently, everyone except you. #UniversalHealthcare #Resist
Liar! Liar! Liar! No illegal immigration!
You mean the healthcare industry that screws the American people on the daily...You forgot that part.
.@realDonaldTrump They told you not to repeal ACA, didn't they? That's what's "incredibly complicated".
hey tool box! Ins. companies do not PROVIDE Healthcare, they cover healthcare. #nurses #doctors #surgeons #drugdiscovery
If you cut a deal you will lose all of Middle America who voted you in. That is why I voted for you Mr. President.
The insurance companies don't provide healthcare. They scam sick people for profit and should be illegal.
ninguna Mujer muy lamentable
.@realDonaldTrump 

SINGLE PAYER NOW

DUMP THE INSURANCE PROFITEERS

HEALTHCARE IS A HUMAN RIGHT

.@realDonaldTrump 

We want the profiteering to stop!
We want Single Payer Healthcare!

Do Not Repeal ACA w/ any thing less than Universal
Health insurance companies are the problem with our healthcare system!  Single payor is simple, and saves billions! Do it!
Why are you not coming out and condemning what happened in Kansas? Your silence speaks volumes!  #RESIST #LoveTrumpsHate 
Go home Donald. Figure out how to make yourself human.
oh yeah great coverage I pay $1000s every year and have a $5000 deductible. Only thing great is those assholes bonuses!
That's fantastic President @realDonaldTrump! Going faster and faster in improving things, this is the way to #MAGA!
I don't know what's more fake your political career or your marriage.
Just requesting PET scan and simple lumpectomy from Allstate CREEPSBAD GUYS
and rob us blind in the process
Worst President Ever.  Sad.
Please go away now.
YOU F/U our healthcare and every house gop gone 2 year & YOu GONE IN 2020 if not sooner. We will call is TRumpKILLCARE!
.@realDonaldTrump Oh, you're one of those 'great meeting' guys. Didn't realise I could think less of you.
You can't be surprised.
Not in the slightest, just felt like being rude to him.
