Black-clad antifa attack peaceful right wing demonstrators in Berkeley http://wapo.st/2wCzBRo 
So what. Nazis don't deserve life. They SHOULD be wiped out. Did you forget the holocaust or something?
Don't care. NAZIs aren't human and don't have basic human rights. They have only the right to be wiped out.
Homosexuals don't operate death camps...so NAZI and homosexual is not interchangeable.
How the fuck is that relevant? Are you comparing that to Auschwitz?
Even a broken clock is right twice a day…
I was just getting ready to say the same thing.  Great minds and all. :)
There is nothing "peaceful" about the right wing.
Lol. The left refuses to look in the mirror.  The left should leave. The ‘resist & persist’ party has nothing to stand for other than being pestilent 2 years olds.
According to a May FBI report, white supremacists responsible for 49 homicides in the US from 2006-16, far more any other extremist group
You have to know they always reverse the numbers. Remember all the EXIT polls during THE election???
Yeh. It's always a lie, unless Trump approves, like when he's cite FBI crime statistics. Then they were true. You clowns.
You’re a a convicted FELON, correct?
RT @DineshDSouza: Finally, as if by accident, the @washingtonpost breaks down & admits the truth about where the violenc...

I’ll keep my guns thanks. Antifa is coming....
How do you feel about this guy? Do you think he means you?
Oh, yeh. No one should be around to report on what is happening and what our elected officials are doing. Idiots.

  WE FOUND The 60
Minutes Interview George
Soros Tried To Bury  
Even Nancy Pelosi admits and condemns the antifas violence! Must REALLY be a thing.
But yet Nancy appreciate them. She has 2 faces!
Most politicians do.
Correction. All politicians do. Including Trump.
No they simply report news you hack
Then where were they reporting the violence from the left in Charlottesville??? It was from both sides, &Trump was the only one to report it
Charlottesville was one incident: a terrorist (I'll call him that) who ran into innocent bystanders. But media reported it as so much more
And everything they reported had to do with conservatives being the villains, even though much of the violence after was split
Plenty mainstream outlets reported on Antifa violence. But one side was more violent than the other.
Did they murder someone with a car like the nazi did in Virginia.  ?
Ooooh!! @PlexusWorldwide here she is defending "right-wing" activists which we already saw in Charlottesville @PlexusWorldwide #fireher
had spiritual experience don't believe in abortion or the cataclysmic ending want to talk?
I wonder how Woodward and Berstein's columns would have read, if they played as fast and loose with the facts as WAPO now.
Those communists live in a free country. If they lived in China, Russia, North Korea, or Cuba they will be in jail or dead.
It's back firing on them! The Democratic base is loosing more voters by the minute with their lies!
"finally" "as if by accident" "breaks down"  ha.  Dude you got issues.  This is called reporting.
SHORTSIDED COMMENT. Not intelligent.
I heard that the FBI AND DHS already declared both ANTIFA AND BLM Domestic Terrorist group back in April of 2016.
i bet that hurt.
yep, they did in dead
Says the scum who is part of the movement who glorifies right-wing terrorism...
Truth will be done
Tweet the whole truth &nothing but the truth - keep  #MAGA #AmericanFirst #ProudAmerican @ABC @nbc @CBSNews @foxnation @FoxNews @POTUS 
"Peaceful right wing protesters"? Like the Nazi's and KKK that killed and maimed so many? SHAME ON TRUMP. IMPEACH HIM NOW!

Violence from either side is wrong.The right isn't exactly a bunch of peaceful grannies either.Remember it was a Righty who murdered in VA.
About time 
Not by accident. You helped Chuck and Nancy, they returned the favor.
Fake news.
Why describe factual reporting as "breaking down"? Showing your own inability to tell the truth here.
U Continue your racists self!  ENJOY PRISON, more subpoenas coming!
There's plenty to be found with Russia what you think they gave up no way
Anti Fa is nothing more than a fifth columnist  Front for Neo-Communist ! Anti Fa is a terrorist organization!
Real...?..@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
DENESH, HELP W/  FACTS OUT THAT OBAMA SPIED ON PRES TRUMP EVEN B/4 HE WAS CANDIDATE & CONTINUED. LEFT HIDING IT. ATTY. JS SAYS SPREAD WORD.
Thank you lord
Democrats in Congress encouraged and created this Antifa. Kind of like they created Isis. Which they lost control of Isis.
No right wing protest is peaceful
There is no such thing as a "peaceful right wing protester.
At last the truth   Thanks for keeping me informed. Unlike others. I. Work to pay my way
Democrat mayors order their police to stand down, and allow the violent Left to assault Republicans. Repeat of Democrats using the KKK.
Trump 2020 and then Pence 2024

@POTUS NAFTA was supposed to help Mexico,but Mexico isn't helping is people.DACA proved that. Shut Down NAFTA
About time the Washington Post got its head out of the Democratic sand.
#dinesh's book so 
delusional 
he pins every 
crime in 
American
history plus 
famous 
German 
War 
atrocities on 
#Lefties 
#Democrats 
Trump #retweets
#dineshdsouza 
logic: 
Indian-fighter Andrew Jackson was Democrat
Nazis admire extermination of Indians
Nazis are Democrats
I hate twitter.It is just a negative hateful place.I don't know why I participate.uhhhhhhhhhhhhh
You don't keep having children to get more checks.
Self-Loathing whatever thefuckyouare.
You are the liar, he resigned from his job... he was separated from his wife and in a new relationship.
Aaron cohen...and he wasnt f...ing on the job...he was sern at a hotel.
Are you talking about the biggest false news in our Country.
ANTIFA is not far left There is no such thing in liberalism or progressives ANTIFA is a group of ANTI Government w/no political affiliation
AND THEY'RE AFRAID TO SHOW THEIR FACES. SO ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES.
If they are so "tolerant" why can't they be tolerant of an opposing view point?!?! Also being a conservative doesn't = a white supremacist.
Don't worry, they'll try to walk this back and define antifa as a very narrow part of the left. All financed by the globalists, soros.
The violent left and the globalists have been the problem for a long time now. Many of these people are paid.
D'Souza, I noticed you YEARS ago on Donahue, making racist remarks about black folks, in front of an audience full of black folks! SICK!
Extremely hard thing for @washingtonpost to admit. MSM has contributed to division in the country, #FakeNews Things are getting worse.
D'Souza, an immigrant from India, takes the side of Nazis & others creeps who decry immigrants because he doesn't have a brain in his head!
You'd almost think Antifa drove a car in a crowd and killed someone... but alas, that was one of Trump's "very fine people".
Should have been said a long time ago
Wait, so do you mean there were bad people on both sides? No, say it ain't so. Liberals, no matter how violent, are good right?
WAPO reminds me of Queens song Bohemian Rhapsody! Which ever way the wind blows, so goes their news! https://youtu.be/fJ9rUzIMcZQ  ENJOY
THESE PROTESTORS ARE EITHER FUNDED BY SOROS OR THE LEFT. WHY CAN'T WE PASS LAWS TO STOP VIOLENT PROTESTORS? NOT FREE SPEECH! DESTRUCTION!
You know the violence comes from both sides - WAPO always covers both sides.
People finally understanding evil is in oir midst. They will stay violent....and small. In the long run, a tiny footnote about misfits.
But the antifa people all got paid with traceable checks from Trump.
About time.  I will never forgive them or believe them after having been misled so many times by their dishonest reporting.
Facts are facts. You should also reward those who report facts on how you are destroying America.
We knew that. The ComPost looked stupid for this long. Good.
You mean the retaliatory violence that comes from the threatening nature of gun-toting right-wingers?  Who are very likely to kill?   Oh ok
They always announce the truth, no mater which way it is. It's ashame the President of the United States cannot state the truth!
Yes finally, why the long wait ? Because these are their people
Keep in mind barking dogs don't bite, Leftists are now poised to strike the only question is when and at what?
@KeithOlbermann  ... because the KKK and Nazis are going to welcome Mr. D'Souza and his tan with open arms and roses.
Go hang out with the Brown Shirts Dinesh
Antifa is not the left.
This is not Charlottesville
It must have been very hard for them to print the truth instead of their normal biased propaganda
Now that antifa has turned on the media, they're suddenly Not-So-Peaceful Protesters.
washington post is a joke tabloid
There werent neo natzis but attacked anyway...thats wrong even to the left:

https://youtu.be/fTnoG4EOQz0 
https://youtu.be/fTnoG4EOQz0 
Almost 62000 likes and thousands of retweets and Antifa is outnumbered and needs to be treated as terrorists
Isn't it the same POTUS foretelling the obvious and the MSM taking weeks to agree with him  after bashing the hell out of him for saying it
Why do people jabber about Hillary's emails but don't care about Trump lying every fucking time he opens his mouth?
Yes antiffa and the left are the violence people .
thank you again
What I love is, like, where have they been the last 8 months? The Post just now realized that this ANTIFA terrorism is happening lol??? 
almost by accident, huh?
The only place the violence starts  from is the evil masked communists haters!! And NO ONE ELSE!!! Only self defense from all other groups!!
It's no accident.  @washingtonpost  usually reports the truth!
Imagine if Germans had done this to nazis in 1939.
Donald Trump right agaim!
Paid thugs should be jailed as terrorists !
Disgusting, stop giving credence to them. If white supremacists can't stand up for their rights then we have anarchy. Outlaw them, jail them
About time some media gets the statement right
I wonder why we never heard this when obama was president? I don't remember seeing this much violence....I wonder why it is?
Hahahahaha, you mean because it was true? And uhhh unlike the right wing media they report real facts???
To much air time for antifa and Blm  Kkk
Conservatives condemn BLM for wanting dead cops and also condemn white supremacists for being idiots. Liberals defend murdering cops. 
I think they finally realized that Antifa's violence is actually hurting their cause. It's still an act of selfishness on their part.
They should be named a Domestic Terrorist group!!
#rootedincommunism Antifa has a long history.
As long as Obama was Pres., & after  
That's how long they've been around!!
They go back to early 1900's Roots are in communist Stalinist Russia. Russian communism is responsible for estimated 60 million deaths
Yes. Everyone should know this but blinders are put on & this is truly sad. This isn't new. This is history & it's being shut down..
We knew all a lone

it is coming from both sides.  Extremists are scary.  Muslim ones, Christian ones, and Jewish ones.  White pride is real and it is dangerous
They are big hypocrites, who only report a little truth mixed with a lot of lies. #Shameonthem
Finally, the truth comes out!
Please get Obama's left overs out of the government they are stabbing you in the back. FBI and DOJ
Wake up dude and stop trying to be white man in brown skin your a joke 
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/declare-george-soros-terrorist-and-seize-all-his-related-organizations-assets-under-rico-and-ndaa-law …
Every American should resist the fascists at every turn. Its what our grandfathers did.
You all seem to be obsessed about antifa. It's ANTI FACISTS. If you didn't know that now you do. Remember who our grandfathers fought.
It's getting late...they missed the train by months!
Trump just spouting BS for his dividing America agenda like all politicians do. Yes all on both sides.
You people went batshit nuts over a Black Panther movie poster and a Beyoncé performance. GTFOH! KKK deserves no respect.
There are no peaceful KKK members and the KKK not should be sympathized. If the Black Panthers did this repubtards heads would explode.
You ever think that maybe they're reporting on what happened at the individual events? I get it though. Oversimplifying things is way easier
@realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost Ref: @Berkley on that date.Not blanket statement absolving all NAZI,KKK,WS actions.#WakeUp
Violence from "alt-right" = both sides & Violence from "alt-left" = source of all Violence. Got it, fair and balanced. Morons!
Why are we not arresting and holding trials on ANTIFA leaders?
Still waiting for MSN, Senators, Reps, Gov's and all the hate filled commentators 24/7 spewing racist remarks to Trump for saying it first..
My God!!! The post finally came out from under the ether!
Sorry but CA don't fuck around lol
We're growing tired of this injustice.
#hillaryforprison NOW!
It's coming from the individual adults who choose to indulge, and whose behaviors reflect so.
Trump Cannot Pardon State Crimes. Trump’s Biggest Source Of Leverage Over Mueller Just Disappeared:
It's about time they do
It's time to "demask" the Antifa/violent group.
Why would you be so dishonest Dinesh? I don't agree with ANTIFA. They protected a line of pastors in wheelchairs, though.
You are silly & dishonest. The KKK, Nazis brawled with the ANTIFA. Usually 1 person from either side started it. KKK & Nazis were well armed
So I guess Antifa represents all left wing, so Neo-Nazi's, KKK and white supremacist must represent all right wing..Sorta stupid to say that
Paul Ryan has joined Nancy Pelosi and media (WP, NYT, CNN, ...) in Condemning what Trump was condemned for condemning.
in 1 city where that's predictable, yes Dinesh. But Berelely does not an America make! Did they shoot into the crown in SC? HISTORY LESSON!
We are children of the ONLY LIVING GOD, our father, and brothers and sisters of JESUS! Not a fictional guy named allah.


That ringing in your ears is your parole officer calling.
Dare we hope they finally got a clue?
@Origina7Man
http://mobile.wnd.com/2016/09/lawsuit-soros-helped-obama-farrakhan-incite-violence/ … #MAGA @POTUS Trump! End the Race Wars+.
Well there was NO way to hide from it anymore #Antifa IS the monster the lib left created!
Someone giving the OK to expose Antifa for what they are violent left thugs. Aunt Nancy (Pelosi) has also denounced. Dems Funds running low
Anyifa and KKK should be who we are all mad at / not Potus ,or politicians . News keeps dividing us /
Please explain how any kind of anti fascist action justifies that fascists, racists and nazis believe in and do?
they're caving in because their competition has started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8RR_oZaLRk&t=12s …
How is this retweet bringing the country together???
It is now plainly evident that this silence and patronizing the violence coming from the Left is going to kill the Demo,s in 018 elections.
Is this all because they just got past plausible deniability?  Thank God for the Internet, really truly we all need to Thank God
So when are they going to arrest Soros for crimes he has committed to the people
This is bullshit. So how would you describe pics of D-Day? Nazi.
Shocker! Any disclaimer???
This is why pelosi and ryan had to condemn ANTIFA & left wing violent groups. NYPost RESEARCHED, VIDEOED proof that they could not DENY
Right so who drove the car and killed Heather?
Did Heather come there to protest along with Antifas? Would she still be alive if she would have stayed home?
No she didn't, she came to protest again to the Neo~ Nazis! She wasn't being violent. That was really cold, she died asshole
Until restitution is made they shouldn't be able receive any benefits.The same for anyone in their household.
Our laws should be designed to help those who can't help themselves.There are lazy people of every nationality breaking those laws.
so now he admits that "both sides" comment was a lie and that he believes the nazis are innocent?
FAKE NEWS "Let the lying lips be put to silence; which speak grievous things proudly and contemptuously against the righteous." Psalm 31.18
Both sides clearly made mistakes.
Where did the Nazi thing even get started.Don't even use that word people.
Oh, my mistake, I guess the Nazis and KKK are A-OK! #TreasonWeasels
@realDonaldTrump did you really retweet this.  you are special in the worst way
You are a right wing hack! Washington Post was and is a highly credible publication despite your opinion. Do something productive!

People who hate guns police and military have never server or been touched by unlawful events so they are clueless money and power insulate
Antifa meets the legal definition of a criminal street gang and should be dealt with as such...
Be cautious w/ wapo & lefty congress voices re 'antifa.' the enemy of my enemy may still not be my friend...
