Señor presidente @realDonaldTrump lo que pasó en Hawaii indica que el pueblo de EEUU está nervioso y ud no puede permitirlo, tiene que acabar con esas amenazas de Korea del Norte, es urgente
. Callate jajaja
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfull...
and tell China to quit torturing&eating dogs....Or they're next!!
Show NK whos got bigger balls!!! It's us right? He's Asian for God's sake!That Might be his problem~Little mans syndrome!
why you went to north Korea why won't you just leave them alone you starving Blood
North Korea is shaking at this highly feared tweet launched tough and successful, wise too, watch.
DJT & Congress aren't listening 2 th people re tax reform. What a disgrace. @fairtaxoriginal @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan HR-25, yes

China has announced it is “fully prepared” for a currency war http://f24.my/WDK1Us  Outrageous - they have no fear of our leaders.
How can UR minions not SEE that all U R doing is PITTING 1 AMERICAN AGAINST THE OTHER? U are NO leader. U are our DEMISE.
You, Mr Fart, disrespect humanity!
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
لاع
The NK Kid has been playing with his buttons way to long. Does he have the goods to deliver?
He must not be a red button pushin threat to US
This is a reckless tweet. Please discuss with Tillerson only.
BAD.
If only Trump were president, North Korea wouldn't be launching missiles. Trump is TOUGH and wouldn't allow this!!! GREAT negotiator, too!!
Why the U·S are always try to control others？Didn't you know the word of“PEACE”
Yep bad yep
Don't start the war that u can't win,,,,,north Korea s every powerful ,,
We are all unhappy with it.
WHY DONT YOU JUST NUKE NORTH KOREA THE WORLD NEEDS TO RESTART PEOPLE!!!!
The goop is about to hit the fan over there.
They are not going to fight northK. if they did.The next problem  will be China-taiwan.And China will not be happy with it.
everybody wants to bomb him and I quarantee, if he keeps pointing those missles toward Russia Putin will take him out.
My bad not ur message
そろそろお仕置きしないとバロン君が苦労しますよ
..#YourVeryStrongLeadership#. Your opponents don't know that they're very lucky that you're the PRESIDENT. *Accomplishing the Great things !
.....it's possible, he would be ready for the talks & the immediate process.He can change from being an enemy to become a very good friend.
......to him in the exchange to dismantle & destroy completely every nuclear plants & every nuclear weapons in his country's arsenal.If.....
His Excellency,there's a possibility of peace with Kin Jun Un of North Korea.He wouldn't play with fire again if good conditions are given..
Yes, the President of China, great guy. Terrific infact. Doesn't have any human rights violation occurring under his nose. #great #LOTUS
Don't use this as an excuse to be soft on trade with China your the boss keep your promises the world is looking
so sending carl Vinson strike group w/ huge expenditures just for military parade?You better do that on the 4th of July!!!
so what now DJT? N. Korea issue solved? Did China really let Kim dismantle their nuclear missile? China is not backing you!
dején primero desarrollar armas nucleares y económicas, después hable.  PLEASE!!
To add things like 'bad' or 'sad' or 'fake news' might look like Tourette's to some, but I thank you for letting me know how to feel.
Bad bad bad bad bad bad!
your gonna get us killed
Bad. Bad bad bad!
North Korea must be extinguished!!! What else can we do?
China, I hear, does not like Japan ~so Korea knew it could get away with launching missiles That-a-way..(?)
He needs to be taught s lesson!!
Ooh they are so naughty.  Buy a dictionary and thesaurus.
And If you better punch  yourself with kim jong un in a box ring and already let the world live in peace ? 

North Korea has been a problem for 65 years. Time to fix the problem. Once and for all.
Stop tweeting about foreign affairs do you want WW3 that badly? Pres Washington warned us. He set a precedent of neutrality for a reason.
We see through your lies, Donald. I'm 38 and you've been a joke my whole entire life. Now you're much more of a joke.
for my essay
Gibt es neue Nachrichten im Konflikt mit Nord Korea?
#StandWithBearsEars . Leave our national Monuments alone. They are not yours to exploit.
With you, Jung-un, Poutine and Macron; some psychopaths! The world does not need more to plunge us into a nuclear war, total destruction.
Have you realized they are aiming for you personally and not China?!?!
You don't say?
You look like the N Korea dictator...except he is better looking and has MUCH more hair.
You can't construct a coherent sentence. Bad!
Cyber hack their systems. There must someone in the FBI smart enough. Give them something mining full to do...
North Korea would kick USA ass
free#OttoWarmbier
their leader is a petulant man child, I have nothing but sympathy.
@realDonaldTrump. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, . Get House bill HR555 2 the Senate 4 A VOTE 73 88
Just take him to gitmo
You do know that you don't have to be up Xi Jinping's arese if you are not a Chinese citizen #humanrightsabuse
Трамп! Срочное сообщение! Западная Корея вот вот нанесёт удар по Восточной Корее. Если у тебя остались армады срочно высылай

Вован Путин
Do something about this
how do you feel about North Korea and then going after our power grid? We have a D rating and I'm concerned of a EMP bomb.

The two Koreas by @GEliaValori. @cnni @IsraelinItaly @ItalianPolitics @RussiaInsider @presscode  @JunckerEU @CinaNews @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/GEliaValori/status/860517099751526406 …
And you disrespected the wishes of your people giving a death sentence to many tax paying Americans. Take care of your own people #Killer
Wow. What a revelation.
Respected by who?
what about #MadPakistan sir?
your son almost is 18 I expecting that you send him to war zone .
Trump you are playing  with NK Kim too much you are not building  hotels anymore you suppose to be building Nations and removing evil men.
Morning Joe is going nuts. Hate & more hate. Co host is dumber than normal! They are so out of touch. Sad!
Prime Minister Abe will bomb US battleships and the Republic of Korea from behind. The Abe supporters say so.
WW3 is coming under #notmypresident
Pray to the all mighty GOD, and he will be in your side. GOD is the prince of peace. Relying on our resources, & power is a bad choice.
Tweeting about this is irresponsible

Take care of this problem for good!
Since you like Kim so much go let him do a facial on you like he did he half brother.
Lapisxperidot isn't cannon
Bad!
Idiot.
Please don't go to war with them, am sure the Chinese can sort it out!
ps this is my first tweet or whatever you call it
Let China worry about China, you worry about us for a change.
 stop talking...
WHY DO YOU CARE. This is in Asia
Go,Mr.Prez..DJT!!make USA, GREAT,yet,AGAIN!
You act like you're tweeting about a dog that pissed in the house
war is deflection quit trying to start one criminal
……
I disrespected the wishes of the America people when i launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
boy's playing games stick to his own territory no issue to us we all test weapons
If the United States makes Kim Jong-un symbolic existence and withdraws it from politics,how about?
(confidential communication)Does North  Korean Kim Jong-un actually like the United States?
Kim is giving us great target practice! You should say: "I'm going to perfect our missile defense systems and make North Korea pay for it!"
You disrespect everyone including your own wife, you have some nerve.
Think Been a death at royal
Buckingham Palace flag is still flying at full mast after mystery meeting sparks concerns for Queen and Prince Philip
Your lack of a grasp of the seriousness of your office. Sad. Bad. Makes me mad. We've all been had.
Keep up the good work North Korea. No nukes for you. At least no functioning nukes.
Is #Trump the new Chinese ambassador ? He has now started apologizing for China. Tough guy.
New: US has quietly suspended freedom of navigation operations in #SouthChinaSea, none since Jan 20 as admin seeks not to antagonize #China
Meeting becomes easy when the tough guy completely folds and asks for nothing.
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
BE A GREAT PRESIDENT = PEACE
So bad.
Y
Don't let North Korea president or the people with him actually touch you if you meet him just bow he is not trust worthy in any way !
Thanks Pres for calling the Clown out, he could be a great leader just by feeding his people, instead he will be forgotten like his father
You can just say "unsuccessfully launched".. this is Twitter, save those characters 
Your tweets are so eloquent. Your use of adjectives are so expressive and thoughtful. First graders can understand too.
bad boy bad bad boy  you left a stain on the carpet 
The communist Chinese "President" is actually a dictator.
We are not buying NKorea bull!  "Project for a  new American Century"   NKorea on the Jews hit list!  Don't be their lap dog
you will be the cause of ww3 stop talking
What makes the North Korea's nuclear weapons appear?
Trump should also look China in eye and say "who's you're daddy now?" But with @Apple and @Wallmart @amazon there. How can it happen?
You need to shut up. You're so ridiculous it's not funny anymore
Throw the ball where the chubby cake eater is....
I don't want China to act like a boss on tension between US & NK.
US is taking so much risk to minimize  nuclear free planet.
Continue LIKE this and you Will be remembered ad the Stupid President that has caused the III WORLD WAR
An EMP would stop North Korea!
No, it really would not.
But now you State you would be honored to meet him, which is it sir?
The little fat boy is nuts and totally out of control.  Anyone inside his country would die if trying to suggest an alternative way.
Yes, this is true. North Korea is very respected. This is a strong sovereign state and everyone is afraid of it
And you accused China of hacking us. You're like the crazy aunt who lives in the attic
If chimpanzees could learn to speak they would be more eloquent than this tweet. Weird!
You have the grammar of a poorly educated 5 year old. This is what we have to look forward to under your Dept. of Education.
Everyday Life in North Korea, Asia without Individual Freedom - Watch Video https://youtu.be/Ed4SeoQypy0  ... #asia #government #policy #freedom
First u declare pak as a terrorist country bcz pak is the root of terrorism..... It also inspire other country lyk north Korea.....
His first underground tests should've been addressed properly w notice from the UN .not Trump now years later your all wimps not Trump.
Suckin up.
Imagine every strategic location in NK has probably 10,000 Moab's and cruz missiles locked on. In 1 minute the fat head would not exist. 
The thing about tin pot dictators is they  think they are invincible. Never mess with the US-Ever.Float like a butterfly sting like a bee 
interesting way to call out China for currency manipulation :|
If The Don gets rid of the lil fat dictator and frees the N Korean people, Mr. Pres will be legendary. Imagine that. 
He is NOT highly respected! He is still a bad dude! Not a friend of the US!
Dude it's probley decoys to throw you off. I understand you weren't military, but civics 101 will help
Pull the troops out of South Korea, this is a precarious situation for them, it will also stop things from escalating further with N. Korea!
Prime Minister Abe will attack the US  and the Republic of Korea from the back. Abe 's official insists so. It is the worst .
N.Korea never had these nukes before they have little to lose by using them Kim Dung will nuke us Destroy them 1st. Please don't be a coward
no One Stop Muslims!!!!
You English is at middle-school level.  Go back to school.  Try reading a book .. any book.
our just goading China you fricken fool!
You're going to get us killed...
How old are you really? At least tweet like a POTUS instead of a freaking 12 year old girl!
Do you really think your even respected by %5 of your population ?build a Masonic wall around USA
I thought you hated china? # confused
put a bomb on that little fat toads house,with him in it
K
USA disrespected China by mentioning them & Nth Korea in a tweet as though it was some diplomatic communication channel. SAD #shitforbrains
Shut up
And none of your business
Can you focus on real problems like all the junk mail we get every day... We should be able to opt out of junk mail #FUCKJUNKMAIL
All this from a man of such respect.
Fire bad!! Rrower rrower!!
You should go there.
Open a thesaurus and learn some new words! Everyone is tired of 'sick' and 'bad', you buffoon with the vocabulary of a 5th grader
Oh, donny, now you like China?  What happened to your campaign promises about China???  Already forgotten?
You're dangling danger above all of your citizens heads!! Make America Great? You're acting like you want us dead!!!!
You're a Russian plant!
Trump should be impeached.  Traitor!
@Capri29gt@realDonaldTrump You should not lower yourself to meet with N. Korean leader. Why doesn't China do it?
