We the people where not fooled during the election and not being fooled now.  We stand strong 
Nice try Donald. Oh woe is me!
It is amazing the extent that they will go to try to promote fake narrative. MSM knows that they are losing the info war and are desperate.
There is no alt-left.  There is good and evil.  Blood and soil is evil.
Suggestion from Germany: 1.reactivate bonespur 2. resign from presidency due to medical reasons 3. enjoy fulltime golfing w/o fake news :-)
Trump’s disgraceful words condemned by
CEOs
Generals
Religious leaders
Congress members
and
America
Sorry to disappoint. Trump saw exactly what I and all the other honest ppl saw. Two hate groups going at each other. Willful ignorance by u!
We hear you speak. We read your God forsaken tweets. We have learned how evil you are by watching you grow red as you defended Nazis. #Quit
What you said, basically told us that you like bigotry nazi  and hate
Fake News is racist, bigots and liars other than that they aren't any worse than propaganda in the banana republics.
Alt-Left Dictatorship
The best way to stop people from misrepresenting your words is to actually shut up & DO something. You're full of hateful seditious bluster.
Stay strong, we understand what you say. We agree. We are all the same and have the same red blood. We all need to stand against rasism
You are the shame
Can you even say the alphabet??
We see through their lies, arrogance & mental derangement, Sir! We will NOT be silenced by the hypocritical elites! We you, @POTUS! #MAGA
We are also learning daily that you regularly lie on live television, Bannon already came out saying you couldn't attack NK
No, we heard you directly.  You are the shame.
There was nothing for them to misrepresent. We heard you ourselves
You disgrace the USA every single day!
Stop blaming others for your own bad behavior. You equated white supremacists, spreaders of hate, to those opposed to hate. You're a racist.
Crippled Seniors BEWARE Anti-American facists.https://twitter.com/Eric_StrikerDS/status/898089810501435392 …
You are 100% right and they should be charged with reverse hate crime and starting race issues! @CNN had 4 racist BLM leaders on
May GOD who understands you better Vindicate you!Amen!

No. They did Not. You're disgusting Dondon.
#TrumpSpokeTruth #AllHateGroupsMustGo #Antifa #BLM #NeoNazis #FakeNews #MSM #DirtyPoliticians #UnitedWeStand #DividedWeFall #OneAmerica
Yep. Anything to make you look bad. Whatever it takes to meet their agena. Cant fool us though!! #MAGA 
Really?
We're learning just how dishonest and disgusting you truly are. You created the Fake News! Everything about you is fake except your fakeness

There will be big big problems if they try. Or any other monument. Obama & Hillary need to call off their imbeciles.
Karl Marx One said repeat the lien up then it becomes the truth fake news is following his footsteps
The whole world heard what you said. It was broadcast and streamed live. It's available on-line. You're misrepresenting what you said.
Have you thought about speaking in another language? The english-speaking world heard your twisted logic and give credibility to Nazis...
The fact that you don't seem to understand that suggests you don't understand what's coming out of your own mouth. Maybe, under your new...
You don't seem to understand simple logic.
We don't need the news.  We heard you.  We saw it, you insane man child.
What is your point?
They're incorrigible. The American people need to start demanding ethical standards and honesty from media sources. That indulging in such practices hurts their bottom line and, when guilty of slander/libel, they see the same punishment as anyone else. They're not above the law.
Actually saw it live...
YOU represent hate, bigotry and racism.
It is WHO YOU ARE.   History doesn’t lie.
We heard you. We saw you. Words from your own mouth. You are a disgrace. #ImpeachTrump
Deflection doesn't work. Hillary isn't president
Tell the truth! Weaselly politicians in Washington lie all the time & they accuse you of making things up? They need a lesson in ethics!
Mr. President, stay strong! The country is w you in heart & spirit!
Yes. All 5 of you.
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, b...
https://youtu.be/9WedGK9PGtM 
"MANY SIDES, MANY SIDES."
- Donald J Trump

"MANY SIDES, MANY SIDES."
- Donald J Trump

"MANY SIDES, MANY SIDES."
- Donald J Trump
If anyone knows about dishonesty it's @LyingTrump. He owes his career to it.
# lier lier pants on fire  blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Thank you for calling out the racist, hateful bigots *and* the violent Leftist extremists. Seems proper for each to carry own sins.
Yes violence is bad. But people aren't asking him to only call out violence. They're asking him to call out white supremacists & neo-nazis.
They are the core of Dump's voting base. He won't risk alienating these racist animals!
You are a fake. Everything that comes out of your mouth is a LIE. #ImpeachTrump
Reason number 3,472 why I love you.  Can we all be a little more like this woman, please??
Aww thank you! I cannot take this man... AT ALL!!!!
I don't know how anyone can. I couldn't *before* he announced he was running. Life has become an SNL skit, only it's anything but funny. 
Thank you for saving us all. (2/2)
You are comical... when are you going to resign?
Mr. President. I wonder what would happen if we all tweeted WHY we voted for you. I bet racism = 0 and nationalism = 100%
You are charmingly optimistic. Wrong, but optimistic.
Do not let the media and fake republicans get to you.  We duly elected you and you need to fight on. God Bless you.
You are #makingAmericaGreat
It's not just Fake News.  It's FAKE LAW, commercial LEGALISM has replaced Common Law Justice. @DeptJusticeIRL
Some people link to the media to support the idea that you support hatred, racism and bigotry.  
I link to your twitter account.
#ImpeachTrump
Let's hope more and more they catch on !!
the dishonest fake news comes from your tweets and your mouth


There is NO FAKE NEW! Only a FAKE PRESIDENT. RESIGN NOW! #NotMyPresident  #Resistance You are bad for America! Making it weak! RESIGN NOW!
But apparently you just say disgusting things lol
Unfortunately I don't think the public is learning, a majority of them are sheep and repeat whatever rhetoric they hear, without question
I'm learning. I've done my research and this man will say whatever he can to grab attention. He's a liar, a hypocrite and unfit for office.
FAKE NEWS knew n Americans witnessed u did condemned. 
So they turned into you didn't identify those groups by names.
Shame on them
No, they give an accurate portrait of a failed bus. man, ldr, and human being. Although I have serious doubts you are human. #UnfitToServe
Hey fake president, how can anyone misrepresent what you so blatantly state?
Sir, as an American who does not, in fact, believe whole-heartedly in political dogma or the opinions of people other than myself...
Your actions speak far louder than you words, you lunatic.
#liberals should be careful what they wish for...if we start locking up people based on morals they may not have many voters left
Which part are they misrepresenting? Is it the "facts" about general Pershing? That would be bad lol
We know sir, we are beating them up on Twitter & I hope it continues.  All are sick of the lies!!!  Hang tough. We love you!
C'mon Don, the public can't learn when you're constantly distracting them.
You've condemned them over and over. They just hate you also named alt left hate groups that have been spewing hate/being violent for years
Your supporters aren't watching the "fake" news, but we are watching you. Govern on the principles that got you elected. Stay on track!
you are the only Fake News  there is. And everybody knows it. We don't believe anything you tweet!
The dishonest paid #Presstitutes will do what their pimp, the @TheDemocrats, tell them to do.
Trump unless the public you reference is clinically brain dead they heard you loud and clear.  Where does it stop? When you resign sir.
We heard you say it.
Resign or get impeached,
Mr Trump, you and your WH staff are dishonest to the point of despicable. The least you can do is have enough decency to resign. Step down
your stupidity is amazing
@singebruyant Nothing is what it seems big D.
We live in fake democracy
I apologize for saying there was violence on both sides.  I was watching @CNN and they must have doctored the video I was watching.
Crooked D,  again with the fake news...you are the only fake here and you are the one generating something all the time as distraction. STOP
@realDonaldTrump. You do realize that video is available for viewing....right?
It only proves you have the shortest memory any human have ever have get that checked out the Mr Covfefe
#wrong you can't backpedal to hide your racism
I support & love my president
@SteveBannen 
Yes.
They mis quoted Steve Banner & said he is going to war against u when the opposite was said.
He should start his own TV
No they didn't! You just don't know how to communicate!
If anybody can speak about dishonesty, it is the Liar and Chief, the POTUS is a PUTZ! Sad!
Your followers won't get caught in the hysteria. We know you won't commit to idea everyone was there only to fight, and it goes for both.
@POTUS was absolutely right! #FakeNews MSM is dangerous to America, whipping up a hysteria of racist implications/accusations at our Pres
Just keep slapping them down using the bully pulpit. just like every other president has done. don't let up on them, we have your back
Yes Breitbart, Fox, and similarly orgs are giving fake news and outright lies. You wouldn't know the truth if it bit you in the arse.
CNN CANT HANDLE. THE AIR TIME FOR EVEREPEATING  ITS  SELF
We need to form a team to drain the swamp!! Keep up the great work.
The news is showing the world that you are a racist Nazi. Let the truth shine bright.
You give them a lot to work with Mr president
We must call it what it is #fakenews #AltLeft #media @jaketapper @Acosta #poolreporter TIME = TRUTH
Who to believe? The US President who lies and fabricates or my lying eyes and ears.
I think your short term memory is going.
Long term too.
No fake news.. Just a fake President.
Shame on YOU Trump.
It's hard to misrepresent your words when the words come out of those flapping things on your face
Your fake words can be seen through like the fine hairs in your combover.
Misrepresent?!  It's coming right from your mouth!
When you destroyed art for your golf course, the @MuseumModernArt wanted to preserve,  that somehow was different? Seriously, John Barron? 
How dare them broadcast your words!
They tell the truth.  You and Fox news are the Fake news
The  SAW YOU! We heard the words that came out of YOUR mouth. Are you insane?
The dishonest paid #Presstitutes will do what their pimp, the @TheDemocrats, tell them to do.
-Or else they end up suicided? It's their cowardice that drags our integrity through the mud.
@POTUS we stand with you not 100% , but 1000% .. we won't back down , we are the silent majority observing quietly ..!#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA3X
We the people listened to what you said.  It was live not edited. You said it we heard it. You should be ashamed.
#ImpeachTrump
We are learning every day how dishonest YOU are.
#FactYou45 #Resign
PresidentDonaldTrumpwethe American people know their tactics to try and bring you down.Mr. Presidentknowthiswethepeoplestandwithyou. @POTUS
You mean to say that the words coming out of your mouth aren't actually your words? The MSM is dubbing you? Sad.
They don't have to misrepresent, you say horrible things on national television...with words...I know mind blowing...
#thinkbeforeyouspeak
how you're CEO's all dropped out, RICH people dropped you, Murdoch demanded Bannon be fired, so many more problems for you. LOST NOW!
#FAKEPOTUS. You are the worst and most unpopular POTUS " The World Has Ever Seen". The news is accurately reporting your lies to the public.
There were not bad people on both sides. There were neo Nazis and there were Americans protesting their presence. Period. #NoHateNoFear
The public has learnt that Donald Trump's words are the real "fake news"
Oh please
Resign you fraud
Say you were "misrepresented" on a live stream, your silence in your defence since your rant is more deafening than anything you said.
You have amnesia. You forget what you say 5 seconds after it leaves your mouth or you hit send.

Those of us with common sense can see that ! Others are blind followers who are doomed for not being true to themselves!
It's incredibly sad how trapped you are in your own head by your ego.
Too late dummy.  too late.
Bro ur fake news. Resign from presidency
LIAR
Could be because you cloud your answers in wishy washy, what did he mean? answers.
I dont think so donny..its your very own words that are representing you.
Ok fake President
Go on! you are the best President.
Everyone else saw peaceful protests in #Boston but delusional @realDonaldTrump saw anti-police riots. @POTUS is completely insane #LockHimUp
Sure, whatever you say sir
No "fake news" necessary Mr President. Your own words condemn you. Here is one Republican that will never vote for you.
All MSM does is show you talking. No interpretation needed. We can all understand the racist hatred spewing from your mouth. #dummydonny
American leftists are terrified of the boogeyman they probably have in their minds!! It's impressive!! How did it happen? #MAGA
Fake news is coming out of the White House and your Twitter feed which has more fake news per minute there anywhere else in the world!!
No they just repeated what came out of a RACISTS mouth!!! Poor dumb donnie!!
We have eyes and ears of our own. You made yourself very clear. Resign and go live with the "very fine" neo Nazis that were marching
We don't hate the media, we hate you and everything you stand for. That includes your entire family. Except Melania. She's just a goldigger.
Bro, it's all on camera. I think they were called moving pictures in the century you came from.
You are the fake news Donald! No one likes or trusts you and you did not win the popular vote! You are just the failed reality show host!!!!
Sir, @POTUS you spoke directly to the people. Your words are not #fake ...are they?
You are the fake news, we watch you say and do all of this crazy stuff live.  No fake news needed to watch you be a lying fool
