That may genuinely be the most insane thing you have ever said.
There is absolutely no way at all that you can have any effect on the National Debt in your first month in office!
For a start you've made no changes whatsoever in tax rates or spending yet!
You have raised precisely zero new money, cut precisely zero costs.
The only *possible* explanation for a change in the debt at this point is the previous administration's policies!
It's the equivalent of saying, "Obama inherited a mess, and I inherited a growing economy, therefore I am better!"
You don't know what you're talking about. The reason the debt went down is primarily due to the hiring freeze he instituted.
There is no way possible the hiring freeze had anything to do with this. How much do you really thing FEDS make?








.@realDonaldTrump this is so UNFAIR. (Did I do that right?) I was just talking to my daughters about the deficit change. where's my credit!
as we all know, if you talk about something it means you caused it. Come on, that's basic science. Correlation= causation!
just last night I was discussing what a nice day it'd be today. I look out my window & it's sunny! You're welcome Boston
MSM, why aren't you covering all the GREAT changes that happened since I woke up this MORNING!!
I thought you inherited a mess? Stop flip-floppin...
Maybe that's still the backwash of @BarackObama but who am I to judge? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Just the fact Trump hardly inherited what PBO did. Why didn't Trump sit in situation rm
.@realDonaldTrump Like clockwork, folks. #MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump We need a K-Strass to infiltrate @FoxAndFriends to get @POTUS to tweet something re-donkulous.
Seem like DoDo45 can alredy brainfart well without this partikular adviser.
oh c'mon, he'll say dumber then this
lol! Remember this convo???? Only 10 days later and so much more dumber. 
.@realDonaldTrump Do u not know how debt works? It doesnt go up & down cause of who's sitting in Oval Office. Requires policies and budgets.
He understands debt well. Borrow, default, file bankruptcy, repeat.
This made me laugh Thanks!!
You're the liar and the fake RS
Sociopathic liar. He lies deliberately  to manipulate others. Worked on "uneducated" but NOT 65,844,610 of us
So true RS
that was a righteously stupid tweet. Even for an incompetent fake POTUS with several bankrupt businesses

The question is who will fix @realDonaldTrump 's problems?
@SenSanders maybe?
Doubtful, too old and too liberal. Need a candidate from the middle to pull the country together.
The National Debt is down by $12 billion & the federal government is still operating under the Obama administrations budget
You mean the ones republicans passed in congress?
Yes! The one they had to approve in order for it to actually happen!
3/3 third, it DID get reported by FOX News, about 12 minutes before you tweeted it. So glad POTUS gets his info from FOX
And FOX gets its info from fake experts and bloggers, who make shit up for right wing fame. Trump is faking up his own mind.
I have to give FOX some props of late for sticking up for the media in general. But not exactly a @POTUS analytical source.
of they want to help save the world, they should get Tucker, Bill and Sean tone it down a bit
Anything we see from here on out is from Trump.  None of this good is because of Obama
Trump hasn't accomplished a damn thing yet. He is very tired of failing.
By the same metric of creating the Carrier jobs, Trump is destroying 40k others.
don't take credit for what obama achieved during his terms you BIGLY idiot.
He won't!Your hero Obie doubled our debt & added more than all previous presidents b4 him combined! Who'd want 2?
hey kitty cat, you need to study a little more. You got all your facts wrkng
wrong*
funny how you want to trigger lefties but you support trump who throws tantrums
It doesn't take much to trigger a liberal...just disagree with them & they blow a gasket.
You realize, of course, that this statistic reflects economic trends prior to your election
when he is indirectly giving credit to the Obama administration ,, they're still running on Obamas budget,smh
you do realize that the fed gov is still operating under the fiscal year started under Obama. Yours doesn't start until Oct
Obama's part of the $12T debt on his policies was $983 billion between 2009 - 2017
I guess because twitter is not a vehicle for debate...
civilization's world-level debate has been lowered to Twitter by its ostensible leader
sad but true
the fact you think you deserve credit for this proves you are that moron who went bankrupt 7x. You have no Econ policy yet
Initial economic policy: create an old energy tech renaissance in US by pilfering lands for dirty #FossilFuels @aholdenj @realDonaldTrump
More fake news from our pretender of a president.
Good story. @realDonaldTrump
2 more Executive Orders and he matches all EO's PBO did and where is outrage of RWmedia esp Fox news. crickets
I don't think you correctly understand how the National Debt is calculated.
Explain Sue, in your infinite wisdom, how the "National Debt works."
I also know better that to tweet based on what I heard on FOX. @dbernstein
*than*
Oh, honey... read a book.
And I'm sure he read part of The Art of the Deal after someone else wrote it. Or at least he looked at the pictures. Of himself.
he said it himself, he never had time to read.
you would think he could read on the toilet at least (appropriate for AotD). Maybe he's still "too busy" even THEN
he's Tweeting
it's bigly SAD
PSS I strongly suggest learning how the government works on your own, not from news channels.
I don't know how he has time to be President. He's so busy watching news channels for speech ideas.
you’re right. You should thank Obama for handing you a better economy than he inherited and they should report that 100%
@GhoulishGrace @realDonaldTrump He's too busy labeling facts as fake news
.@realDonaldTrump Go fuck yourself you shit-monger
I don't think you're being fair to shit-mongers...
true, it’s an old and noble profession
. DUMB ASS!...President has no control over deficit and debt first month in office. You can give that credit to Obama.
you're delusional... and paranoid and needy and sad and hateful and dangerous. And you're failing spectacularly! #Russia
He's winning at failing!
Nobody does failing, like he does!
oh look... another lie:
This @POTUS tweet is very misleading. We rate it Mostly False. http://bit.ly/2moRGu4  https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/835479283699224576 …
And you haven't explained anything, ever. How did you? Where? Specifically when? Arrogance is the enemy of awareness.
Arrogance is the enemy of awareness. That is a great line
Thanks!
For which you deserve zero.  This is an Obama effect. National debt moved on the basis of his policies.  U have none yet.
Wow, you Trump haters love corrupt govt then!! Do you love the fact that our vets and homeless get no help?
Nope, that's why the left is pushing for single payer healthcare and not a $20B wall or $10M vacations.
Obama inherited a collapsing economic mess you did not
I believe Bush should have that title
hmm I would wonder if the first created the second
remind me. What was happening that first month of 2009?
trumpists are not able to research that. It would require them to look at real news outlets.
just because you're standing outside when it rains doesn't mean you caused the rain.

Thank you, President Obama, for reviving the economy post-Bush.
Care to discuss the economy you inherited versus the one @BarackObama did?
Go troll someone else.
because Obama had a depression scale financial crisis & bailed out a lot of the Goldman Sachs appointees in your Govt.
ummm, you do realize that has nothing to do with you, right?
as heard on @FoxNews verbatim- right before you tweeted it you fucking knucklehead - ugh 
you clod: that's comparing the economy Obama left you with the one he got from Bush. Use your brain, dumbass
because it's alternative facts you made up
can we get an alternative president then?
HELLO? CONTEXT! Economy was spiralling out of control under BUSH who left MESS. You inherited ROBUST economy under Obama!
, @realDonaldTrump wasn't the current budget to which you're referring initiated under former pres. Obama? Your fiscal budget begins in oct.
...PS Obama had to try to save an economy in a nosedive.
2/3 ...second, even if it had truly fell, nothing you did could've impacted it...
why is the media not reporting the sun came out? Don't I get credit for that?
1/3 First, they didn't report it because it's completely untrue. Debt slightly fell because of govt. rebalancing...

For someone who doesn't like FAKE NEWS, you're quick to believe it & post it out as fact. 
Just wait till you start building your stupid wall, which AMERICA is paying for!
It's more than terrifying that you think merely sitting in office for a month is how the economy fluctuates
The liberal media would never report such good news.
the first month of office is more a reflection of the former president's actions than yours
it increased $200 billion for Obama because Bush goofed up, it dropped 12 billion for you because Obama fixed it
DON'T WORRY ABOUT THE HATERS SIR ESP THE PPL WHO KEEPS HATING. THEY R EITHER NOT AWARE OF THE TRUTH OR JUST.. NO COMMENT...

Thank you so much for letting us know about Obama's wonderful accomplishment with the national debt.
its insulting to one's intelligence to knowingly make  false statements
MR. PREZ, THE MEDIA LIES THAT COMES OUT WERE MEANT 2 DESTROY YOUR CREDIBILITY. WE YOUR SUPPORTERS KNOW THE REAL TRUTH SIR!
@willthethinker Oh you mean when we were in our worst recession?? YOU ARE DISMANTLING OUR GOVT 4 the benefit of 1%er's
With all due respect,.....haha, I'm sorry. I can't say that without laughing. Never mind.
Thanks, Obama!
Because, dolt, the government still operates on President Obama's budget, not yours. You don't know how it works, do you?
Perhaps you should stop tweeting. Debt v Deficit & 2009 v 2017. You owe Obama, you entitled thin-skinned hack.
You paint a truthful and moving picture.
Please block the negative haters they are counterproductive to Americas Goals for Success 
I DO EVERY DAY!!!
fed gov't still works under obama's fiscal year until october so you didn't do anything
do you think you actually had an effect on the national debt in your first month? Sad
@JohnRealSmith that's because it's a lie, Donald. As in "not true" "fake news" or as we call it - bullshit.
Debunked you liar. Went up .06%. Average is .1% on any given day. Nothing to do with your policies.
I thought you were still operating under President Obama's budget.  Put credit where credit is due.

Americans love you and at this rate your second term will turn those blue counties RED! #MAGA  WE LOVE YOU!

you are an idiot.
says the degen posting losing picks on twitter. 
really surprised..Look at this guys timeline. Seems like he has alot to add out here
exactly. I'm sure his 3 followers love the positive vubes
, Hahaha!  The debt went down due to Obama's programs, not yours--you did NOTHING in your first month.
you need to study history and context and stop getting your info from Fox news.
nice deflection attempt, where are those tax returns?
You are so insecure. All you can do is compare your failings to a real President. Really?
every New President takes credit for something the outgoing Pres. did just because it happens on their watch.
So you inherited a good situation from Obama & he inherited a bad one from Bush. No surprize! #NeverTrump
Lets get behind our president.  Let's pray for him and our country
oh really? That's great! What did you do? Oh wait, I forgot that if you said it, it must be true and never questioned. Sad.
way to take credit for other people's work. Talk about augmented reality.
That's because the real media does not make a habit of reporting lies.
that's why we voted you in!!!!
The media is busy connecting all of your insanely vast and complicated Russian ties.  #Trumprussia
Don't you mean the National Deficit?  Shouldn't a President know the difference?
did you just arrive from Mars?Do you remember the state of the economy when Obama took office. His policies are carrying u
You are so dishonest, ignoring the Republican economic disaster inherited by Obama! You have zero reason for bragging, fool
Anyone believing Obama was trying to help ‘America’ is truly blind.; he did nothing but set the stage to destroy this country. If you believe he wanted a Great America & cared about any of us, you, as well, are part of the problem in America. Everyone should be respecting POTUS!
I agree...no RT on this but it's true.
oh Donald u r confusing deficit with debt and Obamas last fiscal year budget with....who knows.
He is the so-called president. 

Shouldn't he know the difference?
My high school economic students know the difference!
Obamas Attempt to Exterminate the Middle Class has Failed. Thank U Mr President Trump. Love from Connecticut
Losing my job during the Obama Regulations made me vote for Trump. Not The Russians Dems  Discriminating against  Russians
Peace and Prosperity for all working together for Good 
Mr President I just want to say Thank you....You are awsome.  Deport, deport deport. Don't mind the libs. They deflect 
It was 200 Billion because Obama inherited an economic mess.  Obama left you a nice low deficit to start with.
no wonder you went bankrupt so many times. You have no clue on economic issues and won't listen and o experts.
Stupid Dems still don't know Employment Figures Lies bc of counting tricks & changes on the way it's counted by Obozo
Comrade, @realDonaldTrump, As always, whether #TrumpTweets or #Trumpspeech , it's all #TrumpLies and #TrumpLiesMatter
that's because it's still operating under Obamas fiscal year, yours starts in October...sooooooooooooooooo
Because it HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU.
you do realize this is Obama's fiscal year still? Yours starts in October.  Thank you Obama!!!!
lol  uh I'm pretty sure October 1 2017 will start YOUR fiscal year. Unreal smh
THAT'S VERY IMPORTANT PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!THANK YOU
Your fiscal year starts next October. Obama started with a mess and made a lot of progress. So, thank you @BarackObama
But idiotic @SenSanders will say that anything that reduces the deficit costs American lives... #sandersbankfraud
you are appreciating yourself sir, wait for the public comments. no student marks his/her exams
That's because you inherited a better economy than he did. What a stupid thing to brag about. It proves Obama did well.
It's because you haven't done anything yet
As of end of February, debt was $12 billion MORE than when u took office. Media? Media?  Where are you? Oh, there you are!
No wonder you constantly need and take Russian's plutocrats money; your understanding of economics is abysmal.

WE ARE PROUD OF YOU, Mr. Trump!
@ElVatoTeporocho but Obama had to bail us out...so he could bury us.
government fiscal calendars you guffawing buffoon.
Mr President we have a Baby Obama up here he's ran the debt up just to feed his ego and selfie scrapbook.
Thank you President Trump Making America Great Everyday 
Doesn't know that he had nothing to do with that. Sad! Only a loser would be so clueless.
lies, lies, lies no facts!  Obama ruled, you droll! Fake president
That is great to hear @realDonaldTrump, I hope you thanked @BarackObama! #notyourfiscalyear
@Jody_Rossel 45 @POTUS will go down as the greatest President ever just for crushing 44's Legacy. Yippie
stop comparing yourself to PRESIDENT OBAMA, there is no comparison, you will NEVER EVER come close to him, in ANY WAY.
Trump has no class.....and you either have it or don't. He is a Not
@daybrak1971
Simply because U have done nothing for the people,not even those who voted for U. The money U & your family has spent on"personal business"
well this stupid tweet got a lot of people off the #sessions and WH #russiagate  treason didn't it
Thanks for what you're doing for the country. I appreciate how you're ignoring the negative liberal press.
we are LQQKing 
Media-shmedia. Nobody trusts them anymore anyway.

coming in hard with the alternative facts there, aren't you, Donnie! It was good to see you contradict yourself tonight.
did you really attended Wharton? You don't know how economic works! Useless piece of waste that you are! Cheating all U do!
great
you've already cost taxpayers more golfing and housing your wife in NY than Obama for 8 years. Please shut up and resign.
republicans always bankrupt the country.. and yet dems spend billions less and save millions of lives.. odd
Well realtor, I'm glad you're proving me right about rich folks being bald faced liars.
When it goe's down a couple Trillion, they will be forced to say something!!! The Horrible MSM!
That's why smart Americans voted for you, appreciate you and LOVE what you're doing for all of us! Favor tho? Finish draining that swamp!
Oh I see the alarm trolls are at it again. They really need a life
lair......impeachment on its way!!!!
President Trump Do you need to prove to anyone asPresident of the United States of America. Keep calm and carry on, sir.
AND THEY NEVER WILL. KEEP ON TWEETING. ONLY SOURCE OF TRUTH WE ARE GETTING IN OUR MEDIA REGARDING YOU. NO WHERE ELSE. GET YOUR OWN STATION
We will do it here!  Congratulations!
please learn when obama's fiscal year ends and yours starts. You taking credit for obama's budget is comical #StayWoke
Good to know you keep us up to date about your financial business status.
That's amazing! Keep up the great job, President Trump!
could you rt please thx
very seriously doubt that.  You must have misread that because that's what we are paying for your & yours security.
of course it didn't. Media doesn't lie. It's not gonna start now.
@katG999 outstanding job Mr President ! Now light the field (dc) on fire to flush out all the snakes & rats
Wow, you really don't have a clue about economics, do you? #sad
what did your election do different to cause the increase rather a decrease that future elects can do as well? #CCBCPOLS111

This has to be your most moronic tweet yet The comparison is so ridiculous U should swear off using numbers What is ur IQ?
listen...president goober, you really shouldn't make your ignorance so glaringly obvious. #TryLearningAboutTheNationalDebt
Obama sucked, and has brought America into chaos. ( an opportunity to screw things up)
And now we have to raise the #debt ceiling. Why is that do you think? #USDebt #fixthedebt
Stop claiming something you aren't responsible for, and stop blaming Obama or Hillary for the shit storm you created.
Yeah, were saving all that money on the Secret Service for your 3 residences & split family. Some father.
The money is going 2 fail in your time so let us know now before it happens
NO THEY INVENT BAD THINGS ABOUT YOU THAT ARE SICK LIES!
re: resp to your nat. Debt drop what was it the month before you were inaugurated?...

#fakenewsdouchebagguy
"Obama--spend spend spend"--and still economy and US was headed for the toilet! God Bless America! MAGA
If it weren't for President Obama, America would have been destroyed by your swamp boys WALL STREET in 2009.
have never forgiven either country for this. You can trust history not governments. We the people has to mean something to
And they never will sad
That's because it didn't.  It went up due to your "vacations" and security details.
No one cares, Old Man! 
sometimes even I am surprised by the absurdities that come out of your lying mouth. And I've known who u were from elevator
Keep it going, please. I don't want to have to learn Chinese!
@Trump4Hope investigate wher our money went million missing to build mosque in egypt ?
please fire everyone who worked for your predecessor.  Please!
think you have overlooked the fact that the national debt grew by $12bn since you took office #morealternativefacts
bigger fish to fry MR POTUS. Podesta #pizzagate, Hillary, the real 9/11 Bush's CIA #draintheswamp starting w the top, DOWN!
Liar. Liar. Pants on Fire! In fact it's the opposite. Debt went UP 12% your first 4 months, not now. You sound like Orwell's big brother.

The stupid. It burns.
