Thou art a spongy spur-galled malt-worm, @realdonaldtrump

Love you Trump!! Don't  lwmet us
Nice
You know what happens when you tweet so much you know what happens YOU JUST MADE THE LIST
Keep up the good work on dividing and destroying the Republican party. That will be your legacy, I'm hoping!
Thank you for being such a great POTUS and getting a head of Harvey!  We love and support you!  #lovemyPOTUS!
The response to Hurricane Harvey has ZERO to do with Mr Trump. He sees it only as a self-serving opportunity for photo-op's & distraction.
I switched from beer to heroin because of you, Grandwizard.
Hope you get a good bag
If you're so good at getting messages loud and clear why are you still in the White House?
Delusional Donnie
Sending coded messages on Twitter to those in charge of investigating yr crimes looks like obstruction & abuse of office!
Pardoning those who commit Constitutional offenses not only attacks an independent judiciary--it also proves U perjured yr oath of office!
Failure to protect & defend the Constitution & faithfully execute the duties & laws are high crimes & misdemeanors-a clear & present danger!
But you knew that, Delusional Donnie, when you perjured the oath, violated the emoluments clause after taking the oath & colluding w/Russia!
So Delusional Donnie, I have a message for the Senator too.
The Senator IS a conservative Republican, but unlike you he has honor & dignity!
I happen to believe the Senator loves this country, the rule of law, an independent judiciary & the Constitution!
His oath means something!
Unlike yours, Delusional Donnie!
Which you knowingly & willfully violate daily!
The people demand accountability!
Senator--do your duty!!
It's very rare to here the word Kenyan by any POTUS thank you sir.
We get it. You think Chuck is your bff and you want us to know you have a "friend." Why are you like this?
No day in America is good with you at the helm
God bless you President Trump.

OMG.....#IdiotInChief
You are so proactive Mr President, it makes one feel safe!!
'Crossing your fingers' is not the same as having a functioning system.
Leaving key posts empty isn't leadership, it's recklessness
Tweets and slogans aren't leadership, they're just noise and bluster. You're a tv showman. This is not the job for you.
Denying climate change doesn't make you a wise leader, it makes you a denier of basic facts. These storms will become more common.
You're failing the people who most need help by acting like a child in a gilded toy shop.
Arolisa..... You suck at art.  I was doing that in the 5th grade.  5rh grade...oh, that's right you're one if the DEMENTED 34.
People huragan harvej of amerika
No one believes that you have set anything in place ...I pray for Texas
T
R
U
M
P

I
S
G
O
I
N
G
G
O
L
F
I
N
G

A
T

C
A
M
P

D
A
V
I
D

while Texans drown...
Trump Rocks
Trump is as dumb as a box of rocks
I love America and our President Trump! Best Vote I've ever cast. President Trump is doing better than I could have ever thought possible
Why don't you work?
I remember Obama's response to LA when it flooded
It's always hilarious to me when those who cry "fake news" get even the most basic facts wrong. Read more and talk less, @metanoia. #rif
Obama was president when LA flooded
Forgive me if I doubt that's what you meant. But if it was, y're still missing the point: that's the political theater DT loves, not BO.
From the Wash. Post, btw, a little paper w/1 of the best reputations in the world, that you think is fake just bc they don't agree w/you. :)
Lets also note that the article linked said obama would come to the region...
He did.
That came out sounding like he flaked.  I didnt mean it that way.
FEMA can't save you from the crimes you committed!
It's obvious that all your Hurricane tweets are a diversion tactic to divert from the Arpaio pardoning
This should be a wake up call to America
We can always hope the ag of ny gets him. Then no pardon.
You certainly aren't one of the fantastic ones.

You are one deludedly individual
resign!!
Trump sent a clear message to the American people by pardoning Arpaio. He supports racism, discrimination, and injustice.
Yes and he's proud of it. I can't wait until Mueller has his ass arrested and thrown out of WH
Mar-a-Lago is FAILING!!! 
Do you support our POTUS?
(Retweet after voting!)
Who are the ignorant idiots who voted yes?!
who r the idiots voting no!
Wake up!
oh I'm awake...it is YOU who has been so utterly brain washed...
that you can't form opinions outside of what the media tells u.
the left embraces every lie about Trump and about people who...
voted for him. Making generalizations about people u know ...
You get his message but not the message of the people who you have put in danger every day by your reckless actions??
Yeah he has done a fantastic job protecting the black community from white supremacy, and then he pardons a racist that endangers Latinos..
Literally nothing has happened to Blacks or Latinos under Trump, except there are more jobs available.
Except you know... the kkk driving cars through them... and pardoning a well known racist that attacked millions of Latinos in AZ 
The woman run over was white. Arpaio hunted illegals (not Americans) under previous presidents, not Trump.
A white lady that was standing up for the rights of ALL. Something you clearly don’t understand. And no he wasn’t.. lol I live in arizona

Trump is terrible with numbers hence why he filed bankruptcy multiple times. He's on track to bankrupt America. It'll happen. #maga indeed
So how is he a billionaire then?
We don't know if he is or not since he won't show is his tax returns which he said he would.
Also, you should do something about your face.. it is very offensive. Thanks
No, I don't think so. I know I'm attractive. And you're welcome.
Gross. No you are not. See, this is a result of the participation trophy era. People arent honest with you and lead you to believe lies.

Obama didn't bother to change Trans policy in military dur his 2-terms yet he did 6mo's before lvg ofc in an attempt to make Trump look bad.
Can any trump supporter defend him without bringing up Hillary or Obama?
Show me one quote or video clip showing a racist thing he has said.
A video for the uneducated https://youtu.be/hoXThCb8EZA  provide some proof with your rage.
Thanks General Kelly!
Mr. President,  excellent choice for choosing General Kelly.  Even anti-Trump like him.  Keep up the good work
That fact that you have to be told to care is SAD!
Who has to be told?

Rachel Maddow did show you a piece of his tax returns?
You don't know jack squat about anything.  You have not done anything.  You will never do anything.
It's amazing that for a person who doesn't do anything, doesn't know anything, and will never do anything, you talk an awful lot about him
You will never, ever measure up to President Obama.
I love it, Diane!!! 
You're right. No one will ever be able to match Obama's spending
I'll put President Obama's accomplishments up against King Cheeto's any time and any place.
I was talking about the national debt.  0bama was the National debtor in Chief
Like you had anything to do with that Asshat
People that have been there before you came along. So don't try to take credit for FEMA now

Your doing a good job Mr president

here's a loud and clear message for you donnie... #RESIGN #EpicFailure #Racist #Bigot #Liar
Talk about global warming

A BIG thank you to all of the people who are helping those in the path of hurricane Harvey.  #MAGA #USA
Very glad how well (coordinated) this is working out. So thankful no huge loss of lives as it made landfall.
Fantastic people?!  By cutting FEMA in low income areas of high alert right?! Nazi swine
Chuck, Stop being a partisan hack and @realDonaldTrump enabler! 

Russia! Russia! Russia! The Country!
Trump exempts oil company represented by Trump-tied lobbyists from Venezuela sanctions
Very nice tweet sir 
"Got there long before Harvey"? You're a dick
While the people in Texas and surrounding areas are suffering all the Democrat Twitterbots can do is spew their hate for our President.Sad!!
Powerful storm.
Hope all goes well.
I dont understand what went wrong in Texas.
I sent good thoughts and prayers, but Harvey still hit.
Wow now you are threatening a US senator for a change-stupid is as stupid does
POTUS Keeping "we the people" in touch with the facts -this is where we get our news not FAKENEWS .  Honestly he treats us as his friend..
Jehová tenga misericordia de ti Venezuela se respeta hay tienes la respuesta de Dios
Only problem in Katrina was local Democrats in Louisiana who caused the whole thing by turning doe offers of help from Feds!
Ok, finally admitting that the people on tv talk to him; schizophrenia kicking in a little; quickly take your medication so nobody finds out
He's still making the 10 hours of congressional testimony by author of your dossier public
Who is tweeting for trump?
Thank you Trump for helping the people of Texas. I have family and friends who are in that state and so many need help.
Would it be nice if the " real Donald" take a trip to the people wich belive in him?? Camp David is a safe place to comment the hurricane ..
POTUS will see us here in Texas @ rt time. Have to wait due to usual large entourage traveling w/POTUS & doesn't want to be a distraction.
Donald Not About that is about how we serve the need which a disaster creates people need to get strong and creative
The 'fake news' media finally apologize to The Donald.
who is "we".  You have made no contribution yet.


.@realDonaldTrump .@ChuckGrassley also did Senators get your message on pardon your racist sheriff buddy?  #russia #MuellerIsComing #treason
Does this mean Trump is watching it on TV like the rest of America?
Jesus,  shut up. You must really have daddy issues and hate this country. Soros paying you how much? Please, just shut up.
Trump good president
I would like to Thank FEMA for all their work, it's  great that they are in place, thanks to our great leaders....Thanks President Obama!!!

the same scientists who determined the eta of #HurricaneHarvey are the same ones that are telling you that global warming is real 
Wondering what Grassley in Iowa has to do with Harvey in Texas.
You're doing wonderful so proud to say that you are our president
Our POTUS cares about lives of ALL Americans & proved it by his quick response in Texas! Thank you sir!
Resign.
Great to know everybody is working together like a well oiled machine!
Worst POTUS ever
Thank you President Trump I've never seen a POTUS as concerned and proactive and sympathetic as you are !
Yes @POTUS showing @BarackObama how to handle clean up efforts. Obama failed miserably at this too! #MayweathervMcgregor #houstonflood #MAGA
Always patting yourself on the back, president Nero.
a real leader is in charge.
Great. MAGA. TY POTUS45. GOD Bless
POTUS is a full-blown racist, made clear by Arpaio pardon. No longer trying to hide it. Mueller needs to work faster, I can't take much more
What are you going to do when you cross over that threshold? Leave America? how can I help?
Who has control of your phone, loser fake President?
There's nothing good about what's happening here in Houston!!
Very good sir am proud of you
We Love You Trumpster...#dontListentotheLooneyLeft nothing but jealous hate rhetoric...#GoTrumpAdmin
This isn't the "big game". It's a storm.
Good job Trump much better than stand by and do nothing Obama make America great again!
Scott Baio implied #SandyHook was a hoax and his wife told 1 of the mothers her kids are better off dead - what say you? Why are you silent?
You haven't gotten our message loud and clear. Let go of your illegitimate position. The vast majority of the people never wanted you.
A lot of those helpers ain't white! How do you square that with your racist ass?  Glad you didn't fill positions that would impede the àide
I want my twice daily Blow Job Folder
Ivanka Pics? Later!
The Sycophants @seanhannity @FoxNews  Pravda Folder #sfrally Civic Center
What about Berkeley?  Declare ANTIFA terrorist group, Please. How can this be allowed to Keep happening to innocent people?!
We will see. People already asking for FEMA
Iv noticed something, when ever hillary post something, i dont see people flooding her commwnt section with bad/rude acusation but when....
Trump post somthibg everyone flocks over and sends rude/harmfull commwnts that will do nothing but hurt this country more
Hoping your stupid pardon could have come AFTER a Natural Disaster. Well, hopefully everyone does get through this!!!

Cops "help" the photographer to safety AFTER he was beaten up by Antifa who thought he was Trump supporter. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4828672/Masked-antifa-swarm-Berkeley-rally-assaulting-several.html … 
Only way  gold down money  value
Such hateful post
If you can't say something nice Keep Quiet
Not good, have you seen the destruction?
GIVE AND TAKE A LITTLE MORE AND INCLUDE PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS AND LET INSURANCE COMPANIES WORK IT OUT.
Trump supports USA law and Order. Arpaio was following the laws of this country.
Don't you get it?  We hate you.  Just resign ASAP and take your lame family with you.
Stay safe, sir!
RESTORTATION AMENDMENT.
WE HERBY REPEAL THE 17TH AMENDMENT. PT1.
Time to impeach this useless fool Chuck, Unless u r tied up in Russiagate also there is no reason to wait!


What do you mean "We" They got there despite you. Send help & stop promoting your friends' books. People are suffering
Guess CNN forgot to give liberals the memo
What's wrong with this country. The deep hatred you cater too will eat away at you and you will be a very mentally ill person.
Any @gop who stands with you, will lose with you! Racism will not reign in America! @ChuckGrassley @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr and wifey!
What's happening with trump?
Democrats reasoning - everyone is guilty until proven innocent.
Dropping like flies Donnie John Drumpf!
Or a hurricane....
Your the best
That explains why you're not there. #hatemonger

I'm glad that you and the Congress got each other's back, as it should be.. God and the movement are behind you.. you are favored by God.
But tax forms  stuck jam tight about shut down 
Money  printing  lost value
@ChuckGrassley is one of few patriots left in congress. Thank you POTUS for all you do to serve our great nation. May God continue to bless

Cunt

Zip that flabby !! For the most FAKE potus in history you should never speak again! Shut up FAKE Pres. Everything you say  in your face.
But what if some of the helpers are transgendered?????
Great job staying in front of this potus! Still long way to go with flooding
Things to do;
1) Insult same team members Ha
2) never hire the best people. Opps
3) zero responsibility blame & deny
4) call hommies in KKK

The difference in Katrina and Harvey, Texas has an incredible governor in @GregAbbott_TX he works with our @POTUS, together they're prepared
Trump is praising recovery efforts- and the event is not over. Isn't that the "mistake" made by Bush that Grassley was referring?
People's lives were destroyed by this storm, yet, you are celebrating? WTF is wrong with you???


Новые "герои" современной России и их награды... 

You failed Donnie. People are dying. You don't believe climate science.
If anyone gave you the benefit of the doubt.
Sheriff Joe pardon makes you.
An American Fascists!
If you want to identify the fake Americans; ppl who don't care about our country's progress, you'll find them trolling Trump's tweets #block
Things are going very smoothly here in Texas, despite tragedy. Our great Governor Abbott's preparation & President Trump's quick response. 
Smoothly? And where in Texas are you? Obviously not here in Houston!
Dallas. Have friends in Houston & surrounding areas. If you notice, the post was from last night. Friends @ home OK, despite water in houses
@WHNSC @DeptofDefense @FBI @TheJusticeDept @WhiteHouse @SenFeinstein @SenFranken @SenCoonsOffice @KamalaHarris
Arizona Republic on Arpaio's pardon: "Institutional racism is clearly Trump's goal." http://www.azcentral.com/story/opinion/editorial/2017/08/25/donald-trump-resurrects-joe-arpaio-irrelevance/604067001/ …
These are lies! #Harvey hit Rockport & Victoria dead on but ineligible for FEMA help. No help arrived! Still hasn't. https://www.gofundme.com/HarveyReliefTX 
Keep up, Sen Grassley! #PresidentTrump is always ahead of the curve.
We got YOUR message loud and clear when you split town and pardoned that racist POS.
Dude - careful with that "fantastic people" line. It hasn't really worked out for your WH staff so far.
