you were quoted by @USATODAY
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Trump resign before any more fake news becomes real news and the US is the joke around the world
Mr President pls after McCain's surgeryvarrest him& pls take his Purple Heart away. He's a traitor.
Exactly!
Have you considered repealing Obama Care? Or do you get your jollies with death by a thousand cuts?
#fakenews
They let us down every time they don't cooperate with you and back you/our interests and I'm getting tired of their excuses and disloyalty.
@SpeakerRyan lets me down every day by somehow continuing to support your erratic and unexplainable behavior.
I have heard that the White House is bored with trying to resolve the healthcare issues.  Why would anyone want to claim this as income?
You and your friends in congress have purposely rigged Obama care to fail. Fix it!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie ...
#WeSeeYou 
#Resist
Promise Made! Promise Kept!

Obumacare will be repealed!

AHCA Lower Deductibles Lower Premiums 

America will get its doctors back!

#MAGA
Sigh.....but they did....
So, leaving 23 million people w/o insurance and passing the buck to the states is better?  Yeah, right.
I think your emphasis on Ocare is distracting people from all the worse stuff BO did.
SHAME ON TRUMP/SUPPORTERS OF CHEERING FOR TRUMPCARE:Pre-Existing Illnesses: Alzheimer'sdiabetes highbloodpressure cancer rape.I don't get it
So will there still be fines for not participating? You rock!!
Yes but ur's is worse. Ur hurting the poor & making middle America poor.
actually under Obamacare premiums rose more slowly. If you had MORE regulations for insurance companies it'd be fixable.
Can you also get rid of the penalties imposed by Obumacare, I can't pay it either! But the IRS is making me..help!
Tell em boss
Would you care to cite a reputable source, Donny Boy?  You know what the teacher says, "Show your work!"
. Please
If you would say nice things about Obama certain people would believe in you more sir
Senators said the House bill is below par and won't pass it.
True news

Great job. Obamacare needs to be dead.
Bon Voyage! Can't wait to see the mess awaiting american ppl from your trip.
You removed the mandate.
You personally guaranteed a rate increase for Americans.
Shut the fuck up
Bullshit

Your hate for Obama is sickening.   It will be a part of your self destruction.  Think before you tweet.
the biggest premium hikes were 2001-2009.  Obamacare slowed costs. Right now In CA Family of 4- $35000 year $188 month no deductable
Is there ever a day when you don't lie?
House hasn't sent it to the Senate, moron. Ask Paul Ryan why he hasn't sent bill to the Senate. Waiting for your impeachment?
Your party's head is so far up their own asses, they don't even know how to pass their own bill, Princess.
Lies Lies Lies, Bye Felicia 
ACA not doing well because of Republican interference the first time around. Fix ACA. Don't kill it. #saveACA
You know a lot about lying.
Why not just change the name of Obamacare to Trumpcare.  Then everyone will get what they want.  You can boast, we keep good insurance!
Just like your presidency.  Well, except the vast majority (including your base) likes Obamacare.
people are worried that they won't have healthcare coverage immediately when they lose a job and find a new job
If only the republicans would back you up . Senate and house leaders need to back you up . Build the wall
The only way to keep your (public) promises is to move to universal HC. The GOP reverse Robinhood death sentences are a no go
No asesinen a Dios con el chip
Me refiero a  deriva Clinton Obama
please please please resign!!!!!
Plus, the GOP sabatoged it more by voting against the portion that reimburses insurance companies for covering pre-existing conditions.
You have it backwards.  It's because of republican senators that Obamacare is failing!  The RED states didn't fully embrace it...
Secure our medical records!
Get rid of the medical black list and you can pay for your new health care you want so bad!
How dare the DEA put millions of Americans on the medical black list because their doctors were arrested!  This is GENOCIDE#
It's in worse shape than Obamas VA care.  There are too many veterans needlessly dead also. Let's bury Obamacare quickly. It smells dead!
If anyone has material possessions and sees his brother in need but has no pity on him, how can the love of God be in him? NIV, 1 John 3:17
your offering is better???  I don't think so read the facts
They already have let us down.
you are unbelievably ignorant about health insurance. u think the repubs care about anybody but the 1%? hahaha. it is so sad I have to laugh
Big pharma has to be brought under control before health care can be universalized, & alternative health measures must be insurable.
Big pharma isn't the problem.  It's PBMs. Pharmacy benefit managers a division of the insurance companies that are high jacking Healthcare
STFU #BLOTUS #TrumpRussiaTies #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #IndependentInvestigationNow #ImpeachmentSoon  #TheResistance
Hang in there. Bumper sticker and lawn sign are still in place!!
Whats likely to be dead are your supporters if Trumpcare passes
Republican senators don't even know what the bill says. They've already let us down.
BRING OUT YER DEAD.... bang.... BRING OUT YER DEAD..... bang..... but i'm not dead yet, oh, throw him on the cart anyway
Absolutely, no one wanted to enroll in oBooBoo NON care; rather, pay the penalty rather than pay the out of whack premium.
"Bigoted old white men try to erase everything the first black president did".  Your health care plan is kind of dead dump
Will not let down the wealthy. Middle class and lower will suffer under Republican leadership
Unless they're RHINOS then you better have someone watching your six
What Republicans offering is no better! Stop catering to insurance co
Wouldn't surprise me if trump switched parties, think about it, 3 yrs ago trump was a Democrat. Who said if I ran for president I would
as a republican, cause republicans are stupid voters.  Nobody but stupid ass trump could make this statement.  Republican voters stand up.
The problem is, even Trump has admitted he doesn't understand health care - too complicated. NOTHING Trump says can be believed. He's doomed
if only you were dead.

Why don't you start White House news network. Shut all media out let them get WH news as well as American from the source.
You mean RomneyCare not Obama. It was first created in Massachusetts when Republican Mitt was governor.
Dead becos Repubs let it die! You have now taken away health care from the people that elected you!!
Republican Senators have ALREADY let the American people down. You are very right, "Mid Term Elections will be a blood bath" Vote Them Out!
Are we talking about Obamacare? TrumpCare is a reflection of your hatred of the common people. Leaving millions to die was not a good move.
Perhaps ACA is working after all. Aetna's $2.3 billion in PROFITS seems reasonable to me.  http://news.aetna.com/news-releases/ …
Extortion-Care is realistic.
Barry in Indonesia 6-10yo & not US type.
Find Trillions Barry pissed away & some billion obsconded. WALL 
you literally have no idea of what you are talking about, do you just make this shit up as you go along?
Obama care has been successful in many ways but universal care would be better. Get rid of the insurance companies
And let's give the president the same plan your minions develop
Let give the congress the exact same plan they create
Universal care is what the people need
This tweet is propaganda, LIAR
@realDonaldTrump #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lier #lie #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies
The Republicans let us DOWN BIG TIME by endorsing you & letting you become the POTUS 
They aren't  going to pass your  plan that's  for sure.
Being a woman is a pre-existing condition #Ifeelyourewrong
You're a lie.
Except when they do let you down.... the senate is closing in on you. Your days are numbered
The only thing Obama care did for healthcare was create more obstacles and expense for our doctors to care 4 patients.
bureaucracy,CEO,&upper management salariespremiums won'tpreserve their $ to self & stock holders.
You are killing millions of Americans.   You should be ashamed!
Health insurance costs a lot more than $15/mo. Just FYI. Tax Returns
When are you going to North Korea?
Good evening Mr. President we will have only Highmark as of 2018 and they could possibly raise premiums by as much as 80% on DE

Please hurry and repeal. Otherwise I have to cancel my insurance, too expensive!
NO!  You are a LIE!!!
Let's end medical capitalism @realDonaldTrump. Stop taxing food to provide better access to a healthy diet for Americans. It's not magic...
Not if the people speak-and we are screaming NO
Not true and you know it
We'll see won't we? As soon as you do your real job and stop CYA!!!
Obamacare is a disaster. Repeal it. End the tax! #maga
If Republican Senators select Kaiser Permanente as HC provider under new American HC Plan, the GOP will rue the day, I guarantee it! Nix em!
WHAT DOSE THAT MEAN
hate to say this..But single payer is going to be the only way to fill this program!!! Its time ,
Republican Senators have let the people down by letting you out of your box.
I hope you're right. That the senate can work together and draft a plan that works for everyone. Not that garbage the house passed
Too bad the same can't be said of you.
The rep. Are as bad as the Dems. They won't get anything done all they do is argue amongst themselves a bunch of do nothing jerks
@SenateGOP @VP @POTUS @FoxNews @BreitbartNews @dcexaminer
Who is writing this crap for you?
Should go after crooked insurance industry. Return fair price& copays like we had in the 1990's.Public servant whole career& cant afford ins
Mr. President:  ASAP:  build that wall!
Now stop lying about our Healthcare like that. #Obamacare is Alive and Kicking & Saving many lives.
Dont u touch it, killer
You are a liar and hopefully your presidency will be dead too. Stay tuned impeachment coming soon! #worstpresidentever #impotentman
you will have the blood of millions of sick people on your hands. Trump aka the grim reaper!
Republican Senators r rewriting yr crappy bill. Then we might have a program that could work.
Wrong!  Even the Republicans are smart enough to know this.  Obamacare is still healthier than Trumpcare.
don't worry DT, they will see the light
Your health care plan is a lie! One prescription went from $15.00 a month to $1,700.00 a month. can't stand you. You are a fraud & thief
YOU LIE! Get insurance to cap off premiums and big pharma out............FIX OBAMA CARE
They already are. You and them are destroying this country.
Yes , you are right joan
You are so wrong
But having their own health care doesn't show them proper ideas and problems the average citizen has.
Premiums will be way up if you have a pre-existing condition under Rep plan.  Excellent!  #MakingAmericaDead
The essence of compassion is a desire to alleviate the suffering of others and to promote their well-being #Universal health care system NOW
I have access to a space flight, trouble is I can't afford it, that's AHCA in a nut shell. You will be responsible for the deaths of 1000's
Who wrote this bullet point for you to read before your allotted amount of bullshit-filled coffee?
TRUMPCARE will never get thru. You won't around long enough. You're not as smart as President @BarackObama. Stop embarrassing yourself.
Love my Obamacare and my premiums went down this year. Trumpcare will suck like everything you do.
You and Rs lying about Trumpcare. How do you live w/ yourself? #Trumpcare
Not a lie. Polls tell a story.
Allow us to open a tax free medical saving account, forcing us to buy anything is communism,and buying something I can't afford is stupid.
Health Care Insurance is supposed to pay for our care,not give insurance company s total profit,pass a health care Tax, protect it from
Government Fingers, social security would have worked if government kept it's fingers out of our money.let us send receipts for reimbursemen
On another note, Government Employees, senators, representative s, should not be paid more than those they represent, Minimum wages  for all
Let's see how well they can live on what we're expected to live on,also no more free meals,no one buys me food,why should I pay for uninvite
D guests. Pull your weight all you government officials or get out and let Working people get the job done
I hope.
Aetna is Out.
So sad that so many do not believe in our Great Nation. Must be why so many want into the USA...duh....
Instead of killing it why not improve it?
Trump please be a true leader.serve the people to better future.
Good luck in office,please ensure the US benefits + the world enviro/poor. Obcare means more people have health cover. Stop climate change
Loosing faith in the Republican Senators
Sooooooooo TRUE.
Our Ins.increased this year $200 more than last.
no, you've let the american people down.
Can you replace Obama care,are you smart enough to try an make it better.
Are u kidding me?Repubs are riding your dictator coat tails and will be scooped up, along with you and will sing like a family of birds.
