as a small sub contractor/parts broker to the DoD, I'm very optimistic
Looking more and more like it'll be President Pence and believe me I much prefer Trump
Reading junk news again Jan?
Not believing the Intelligence community's Trump and his Moscow “golden shower” prostitutes report I gather
please ! in thw words of Obama "come on man"
I hope it's not true (the Pence thing) but the man is a pervert and it sounds like something he'd be into
not
I do love that the man is freaking out he is such a wuss
off to a positive start!make sure these businesses don't hire illegal aliens! #BuildThatWall #KeepPromises
Small business surges? Thanks President Obama. Trump, you didn't do it. You're a menace to life on Earth
Let me guess; Despite having absolutely nothing to do with this, you're going to try taking credit for it?
Aren't we supposed to avoid MSM? Isn't it all lies? When will you stop being a hypocrite or thinking that it tricks us?
thank you
Fake News. Can't have it both ways. If negative articles are fake so are the "true" articles.
A/k/a, fools who think Trump is ignoring Constitutional requirement of no conflicts & illegal Nepotism for THEIR benefit!!!
@POTUS Obama has yet another huge success of his incredibly successful Presidency.  Meanwhile Trump is stiffing contractors
and what exactly do you are your "team" have to do with this??? Nada!!
 #MAGA 
Thanks Obama!
it's been down in the dumps for so long it has nowhere to go but up. Good morning Mr. President! 
Thanks Obama
yeah thanks for being so bad as pres.we took over the house senate n http://wht.house   DTS
thanks Obama!
Thank you President Obama!
Read the article...seems like it's attributable to the outcome of the election. Thanks for sharing.
You're not even president yet, and you've already made America weaker. Putin must be ecstatic
*stronger. Not weaker



beyond no respest. I don't say this lightly, I HATE TRUMP! #resist #impeach #treason #trumpleaks #illegitement
Don't worry about what haters say. You'll have plenty of time and chance to do more with it.
I plan on opening a small business, but I don't feel too optimistic about it under a Trump economy.
Recreation Matters Donald! RE CREATE ! Sullivan Lake Rangers Station and Camp Grounds! Grants for Grunts!
Thanks to President Obama
What kind of subsidies are we going to pay for so you can brag on this one? #Loser#Puppet
thanks to the best president ever Barack Obama. You will never be able to stand up to everything he has done.
Taking credit?
Agreed. It's the fact that Mrs Bill Clinton didn't get elected and Obama leaving that's causing optimism.
thanks Obama!!!
good 
thanks Obama
it's the Trump effect don't be naive to think Obama had anything to do with it! In 8 years it nothing happ why now?
I want to move to the USA!
Stealing credit yet again.  WHERE IS YOUR ECONOMICS PLAN?  How will you match the MILLIONS of jobs that OBAMA CREATED?
Please allow me to present high respect for you, hope your excellency the future contribute to world peace.
You had NOTHING to do with this....#stop#resisttrump
It's true,  because they think you will help them. They will learn quickly that you only care about the big boys...
don't take credit for that
Who the hell else is? Obama? I didn't think so...
THANKS OBAMA!

what a sweet picture of very great people. Unlike your picture of an ahole

a lot of people liked your tweet but actually it was pretty stupid. Not suprised.
#TheResistance
call your Senators and say NO on Sessions. #NoEthicsNoHearing #confirmationhearings #StopSessions
Its a waste of time he WILL get confirmed! This is just typical DC character assignation!
truth is character assassination?
There will be no proof of claims just accusations! Move on!
Like the Republicans moved on when Obama took office? Sure thing Cletus!
awwwww you're one of those "2 wrongs make a right people"
Got it, Comrade!
You know who helps create a lot of small business? Mark Cuban! That guy has a great reality show! He's a real billionaire.
hes a real jerk and you know it
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, Barack Obama is president.
.@realDonaldTrump You can take credit til the cows come home, but let's just see what happens once you enact some of your policies, dear.
I don't think he's taking credit lol
He's trying to associate his name with the success of small businesses, which he deserves approximately 0 credit for.
. ....so sad...he is having so much success already   ..it must be so painful for you.
I'm 90% sure that you're joking. Not my style of humor, but I appreciate the effort.
Success? He isn't in office. Don't buy into auto/carrier narrative cuz that's all it is
Republicans, when something good happens: "Give Trump credit!" 

When something bad happens: "He's not even president yet!"
I've seen many liberals doing the same thing in this same feed
OK, but once I see that your entire Twitter profile is dedicated to hating liberals, it's impossible to have a legit conversation.
my entire feed is mocking people that cry about every little thing they possibly can
Really? It seems more targeted than that.....
well it's only the liberals who seem  mad 
I'm an independent. you repubes don't see anything in front of you.can you not see he had nothing to do with this?
America is very optimistic!
Why do conservatives care so little that a foreign enemy meddled in our election?
 @realDonaldTrump
Why do liberals care so little that Hillary deleted 33,000 emails?
...or that Bush / Cheney deleted 22 MILLION emails? @sethn831 @ProgressOutlook @realDonaldTrump
Oh boy, here we go with the deflections 
Now that reply is comical..see above
Not as comical as the Democratic Party right now 

'Code Pink' Protester Escorted Out Of Jeff Sessions Hearing Shouting That "Jim" Sessions Is "Evil"
Being #POTUS, a complex game of chess. NOT a child’s attempt @ shoots-n-ladders. #TrumpAntiCare #AntiTrumpMvMt #Trump #Maga
Thank you @POTUS - Barack Hussein Obama, American - for rescuing the global economy & Making America Truly Great Again! 

@realDonaldTrump
Me and Meryl don't know why you think you have anything to do with this.
You are taking credit for a lot of shit you didn't make and not accepting responsibility for all that you are fucking up.
scotch tape holding the tie together.....
He could buy and sell you 7 times a day and your laughing at him?    Rich.
I could too if daddy gave me 10 mil & Rus/China financed my business but whatever
He turned 10 mill into 6 bill. You would have just snorted it up your nose.
That's not allowed in the military. You have no idea what he is worth without taxes
What's not allowed in the military?    Without  taxes?
Drugs.
Yes, you are inheriting a good economy.
No, no he ISN'T. He's saving it. Here READ snowflake.
You have a very busy day of distracting people from your horrible appointees' Senate confirmation hearings. Get to it! @realDonaldTrump
I hope this question is rhetorical.
I don't think he understands that word.  He probably says Libtard 
libtards and dumocraps are the dumbest progressives, or just black.
You lied you said you were ugly, you're not, you're hideous
Because that godawful fucking election is over, not because of you.
wow u r one sick badtard trump!! Having hookers pee on a bed where Obama slept??? Wtf!
Because President Obama was an AWESOME POTUS...you claim credit for shit you had nothing to do with you are so pathetic!
#fake news
Maybe that's because they know you won't be around for the next four years to cheat them?
Thanks Obama!
Thanks Obama! #ThanksObama
REVEALED today.. TRUMP HAD 4 STAFF WORKING WITH RUSSIANS DURING HACKING OF HILLARY. TRUMP KNEW FROM BEGINNING !
"At the same time, the “NFIB membership appears to be disproportionately Republican...."
thank you president Obama for getting this country out of the worst resession sine the Great Depression

Hey comrade, how about your taxes?  How about your financial ties to Putin and Exxon? #nevertrump
ROFLOL
lol let's talk in 4 years
Wrong
#peeotus
Tax returns loooooooser
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
Thank you Obama!!!
Golden showers, really?
great job @POTUS !!!!!!
so you had contact with russians during campaign there Donnie?
.not good
Get to work on the real issues--stop acting like a spoiled brat Leave that to your kids
you are the worst Burr.
Thanks to the hard work of President Obama.  We will see how it looks at the end of your 4 years.
True here @realdonaldtrump

#ThanksObama 
pls take look at utility monopolies; severe in MA-crippling bus&res; have been for yrs:https://www.gopetition.com/petitions/unitil.html …

THANKS OBAMA!
So you've agreed to sideline Russian intervention in Ukraine as a campaign issue and to raise us/NATO defense commitments in the Baltics

不好好工作，一天就知道发推文
Fake News?
I will credit where credit is due, if in fact this isn't fake news...if the shit hits the fan it's ALL on you!
This is not due to you! Ur such an asshole!
Let me guess.. Trump is taking credit for that stat.
Service Jobs no doubt.
"surges"? Like all those dress sales that didn't happen? It's not real just because you tweet it, Donald.
follow through on those Sub S Corp tax cuts. The economy will grow at a rate of 6%.
- Asking if you could help us get a sponsor for our 40th year Anniversary of New York Arm Wrestling Association
And what happened in 1981 as a result of that unbridled optimism? Oh right, a recession that led to @realDonaldTrump declaring bankruptcy
You are the reason people are blind
Are you still upset about the media reporting falsehoods, or bragging about falsehoods getting small businesses behind you?
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
yes.
NOT because of you!
#goldenshowers Dude, wtf?
Hope & pray it stays that way
#trumpthetraitor
not because of u! U continue to make it sound like it was all because of u! Not u dude!
That's why we voted for you - hey maybe you should remind Ex Cia Clapper about how he lied under oath to congress...
Thanks Obama!
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
 Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
Trump nemesis John McCain admits he gave FBI Trump smear document http://dailym.ai/2ifze3Q   via @MailOnline
but it didn't happen because of you.  The growth in our country was built over 8 years by a man who actually loves America.
quit while you're ahead. It won't last
http://www.cc.com/video-clips/gslu5d/chappelle-s-show-r--kelly-s--piss-on-you--video …
sounds like more 'fake news'. You can't push some & trash others. You already indicted the MSM, its over
to all the #RESISTANCE seeing how you want big government,April 15 is tax day resist by sending back ur refund.
This is all because of President Barack Obama!
- are you sure about this Donald? Is it not FAKE NEWS? How can we tell ?
Thanks, Obama!

Seriously, you must be deluded to be taking credit for this.
You taking the credit for this also? 
... tick ... tick ... tick ... http://cnn.it/2iCvRoE 
So Trumpster Fire, what does Putin have on you?  Do tell...release your taxes and financials....
i have all the faith in the world you'll squash their lives in no time flat
#GoldenShowers
It’s definitely attributed to you @realDonaldTrump
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-01-10/u-s-small-business-optimism-index-surges-by-most-since-1980 …
I made $1.2 million in 2008. I'm working for $90k now what do we do  next
Thanks for pointing out what a great job @BarackObama has done for us
I believe the market responded the same way to Hoover back in 1928 ... right? And what happened in 1929?
The Media is lying, so sad.
NFIB? Are U kidding?
give it time...
Jesus. Lets post the a year into this presidency of yours ok?  You did not do this.  Once you take office we will see.  GL

everything is going to better than the 80's this is great news
I've already seen 2 reports that claim Russia is blackmailing you. Is the video of you involved with golden showers true?
shut up Mr Trump
About as sharp as a shoelace
Oddly enough, same time Reagan won. Liberals destroy America and everyone with sense knows it.
trump traitor @cnn @WSJ @MSNBC @HuffPostPol @BBCWorld @ABC @Variety @FoxNews @PolticsNewz @guardiannews @dailykos
P.S. Pres. Obama tried the infrastructure thing, Republican Congress blocked him. Good luck.
The NFIB index jumped 7.4 points last month to 105.8, the highest since the end of 2004, from 98.4. Get your facts right!
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
plans of spurring the economy through deregulation, tax reform and infrastructure spending. Wait and see.
You need to concentrate on your sex scandal...perverted criminal.
Thanks Obama!!
I suppose you think this is directly because of you?
as long as they don't do business with you.
great job President Obama on small business !
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
Thank Obama. Trump is a fool.  A clown. A traitor. A tax cheat. A sexual predator.  #notmypresident
what is wrong with you?  Seriously,  what's wrong with you?
Obama did the work that you take credit for
.
Nice work @POTUS! #thanksobama #thanksminefuhror
Thank you President Obama! @POTUS
Would you be so kind to thank Obama for me next time you guys speak. Hopefully you will continue that tend. Fingers crossed
Dude you're so ugly your Mom doesn't want to hug you

http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/10/politics/donald-trump-intelligence-report-russia/index.html …
#FakeNews Funny Media is only worth a damn when they praise your #CheetoAss
Man, you and Chuck Berry must've had some good times!
#goldenwatergate
Just wait, it will soon be lowest in 40 years under your idiotic policies.
