great job president Trump keep up the good work
郭本来投资中国的，却被贵国抢走了。
Fake news
Make sure they sign a binding agreement on that.
They have a history of big unfulfilled promises.
Don't give them a dime.
https://twitter.com/bubipin/status/848796703453007872 …
Ours strategy we take root to top levels surveys&research on around 10k points i.e 4m words and methodology forecast 
SMRC-ANALST

Please fix Medicaid, Obama cut Dental and Optical glasses. Now Im toothless and blind.
"...& don't forget re" ME (August 4, 2017; 6:21 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wiscons...
You are a joke
Believe it ,when I see it!
Nothing you say would ever make me respect you. Because you are a liar.
And cut three billion dollars off their fair share of taxes to the people of Wisconsin? Also allowing a laxing in Environmental laws?
dont forget that u'll be spending $10,000 a person to be deported and i dont think u have that type of money, oh wait, u're broke
And don't forget that each of those Foxconn jobs will cost each Wisconsin taxpayer over $500/year. What a deal.
YOU are da MAN! Great job boss! Keep fighting for us. You're all we have. Drain the swamp! Mitch McConnell has got to go! #MAGA
And FOXCONN will save $3 Billion dollars tax savings over a 25 year period for 3000 total jobs. Do the math on that! What Art of the deal!
$3B in welfare to foreign company. 25 years until WI breaks even. LED TV technology dead within a decade. Where is the art in that deal?
Election is over get over it-you lost
I wouldn't put too much faith in Foxconn.  They are notorious for not keeping their promises.
At a cost to Wisconsin taxpayers of over a $billion that will take 25 years to be recouped.
Duh, the deal is NOW off - Wisc taxpayers don't want to pay for $3 bill gift to Foxconn. Dare U to hold a news conf on this!
Foxconn will also be receiving $3 billion in tax credits from Wisc, which the state wont be able to pay back until 2043 at the earliest
Don't quit working for America!  Don't stop twittering. Please
Did you encourage the Wisconsin local for Ryan that two-faced socalled leader?
Will they feature extra wide nets for extra wide Americans?
Looks like the big deal you're trying to take credit for will cost the taxpayers of WI $ Billions.
More #FakeNews from #TrumpRussia 
This deal won't help Wisconsin for 25 years !
YEA #Trump !
#GOP #Resist
The Foxconn deal Trump championed won’t make Wisconsin money for 25 years. WaPo: http://wapo.st/2vPicUM    #FoxconnCon
Saddles taxpayers $3B & threatens Lake Michigan 

YOU LIE 

FOADIJ
How's carrier doing?
Right to work state and I bet that dambed plant won't pay shit to the employees!!!!!
Legalize marijuana already!
Liar.
I'll build a company and employ hundreds of people also just loan me a million
and it will cost the state one million dollars for each job created. but as long as you got your kick-back, it's all right.
Trump, I warn you. Foxconn is from China!
not to change the subject but whats going on with our K-12 education. We never hear anything from you about the diirection its going.
you connected to that?
Neither I or the 1000s of people who will be employed will forget.
I don't believe you or your stooge Paul Ryan. Let's see how many Wisconsinites are actually employed there!
Those jobs will pay $53,000 per year and benefit fixcon. By $233,000 per year. What a great deal. Idiot!I hope
So when is your crap going to be made here, prez hypocrite?
.@realDonaldTrump Foxconn will receive 3 billion dollars in tax incentives over 15 years. Guess who will be paying that? Wisc. taxpayers!
Obama is the thanks for that Donald not you
What's the deal on their promise of a plant & jobs in PA a couple of years ago?  Never happened?
McMaster intoxicated while on duty serious breach of military protocol dismissible serious offense
Yeah... at a cost of more than $1 million per job. What kind of investment is that? 

Your bankruptcies make more sense now.
Yeah.... that's a company with history of being a great employer. Did you promise to repeal child labor laws?
Yeah, now that your billionaire masters and their puppet SW have systematically eviscerated workers unions for nothing other than greed.
Why are companies bailing out of Chicago and going to Southern Wisconsin.  The Mayor which equals murder?  Name a few more reasons.
Fox  Con is how we ended up with a Trump Presidency.
Google Foxconn
Because they have been offered expansive tax breaks but remains to be seen what really will happen and if it truly benefits us in SE WI
Not your original  $30 billion? !?
Im poor
And due to not joining TPP, agriculture exports are and will dry up !
But YOU had NOTHING to do with that business decision by Foxconn. #EVERYONEisLAUGHINGatYOU
That money will sure buy a lot of robots to do the work.  Wrong to get people thinking that good paying jobs are on the way.  Robots only
Thanks Obama - that deal has been in the works since 2014
They bailed in PA. It's not a deal until it opens.
Feel free to use "plant(s)"
And don't forget the HUGE tax cuts they are getting!
indeed u make thingz run apass
Was just there lots of excitement also lots of trees.
Quit trying to take credit for Obama's accomplishments!! Your so jealous of Obama, because he was what you'll never be!
滚犊子
Hasn't happened yet.   Foxconn has choked before
Foxconn isn't spending a fucking penny. It is getting billions in money and tax breaks from WI on the backs of the taxpayers.
Yep, they get a 17% tax credit whether they owe taxes or not, so basically the taxpayers of WI will pay 17% of Foxconn salary for 10 years.
And the crap speweth forth...
Well be standing by for billions in Wisconsin. Would you stop lying to the upper mid west about helping, it's just mean!
the state will be paying 1 mil for each job created. typical trump deal. screw the public.
Idiot douche.
Not fooling the smart people with this one.
go Trump!
And which works out to about $1Million in tax breaks per job #fakejobs
And how many foreign workers are going to build this plant, just like Tesla, VW, BMW and Mercedes did.
And don't forget how much that Foxconn "deal" cost taxpayers to land!  Read the details, people!!
you wish!
http://i.imgur.com/fAarFTr.gif 
How many times have they promised this?
Those jobs are costing American taxpayers money. No net gain at all. Take an economics class
Raping the environment with no regulations, creating enough jobs to not even affect a percentage of the population. Worthless!
Trump dont forget that 10 bil spent on a top of the line Plant in Wisconsin is well spent NOT well spent on immigration WALL worth $60 bil
Wonder where they gonna get the employees from, cant fill plants as it is with all the opioid addicts in that state. Losing again.
Standard
Thanks to the tax payers carrying the weight to get these companies here. Corporate welfare at its finest.
Thanks Obama!
Foxconn
With billions of taxpayer subsidies- fake news
Hopefully they will install nets immediately.
3 billion in tax incentives for 3,000 jobs over 15 yrs. is a tax incentive of $66,667 per job per yr. What a great deal Donald! DEAL MAKER!
Who is foxxcon?
My dad did a lot of things like you do, get con partners you're a con and things just get messed up.

Trump's new favorite company Foxconn hasn't followed through on previous pledges to create U.S. jobs https://bloom.bg/2ue91cS  
Foxconn invests in Wisconsin: Workers 'should be wary' http://money.cnn.com/2017/07/27/technology/business/foxconn-china-us-wisconsin-workers/index.html … Excerpt:  Industry observers are more skeptical of the
Taiwanese company's accomplishments, highlighting Foxconn's POOR RECORD on WORKERS RIGHTS  its goal of replacing workers with robots, and a
history of grand promises that don't always play out "American workers should be wary," said Eli Friedman, associate professor of
international &comparative labor at Cornell University, adding that Foxconn had a history of getting headlines that rarely match the reality
(snip) Sounds so like Donald Trump I>E. Headlines not measuring up to reality. And of course there is the allegations of Trump companies
that are accused of human rights abuses in China and Indonesia that are associated to Ivanka Trump.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/13/revealed-reality-of-a-life-working-in-an-ivanka-trump-clothing-factory … (snip) There is a pattern of human rights  abuse at Ivanka's companies according to these reports that include child
workers. What a way to get rich. Forgive some of us for NOT BEING IMPRESSED with your wealth. If these reports are true along with other
They have not committed and have said off the record that they dont know if they will invest billions in the US. "https://fortune.com/2017/08/02/foxconn-trump-investment-claim/ …
After Seven Years: When it comes to job growth, Barack Obama’s record isn’t just good, it’s outstanding.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1493387167374821&id=1388903094489896 …
Mr President you are doing great.  Ignore the snowflakes that are tearing our nation apart.
Wisconsin had to pay billions of dollars for the privilege of Foxconn!
The CEO of Foxconn treats his staff so badly that they had to install jump fences to keep them from killing themselves!
in tax breaks. More corporate  welfare!! You  sir constantly  line the  pockets of the  wealthy at the  expense of the  working  man!!
also installing anti-suicide catch netting...and foxconn is chinese, which betterment of the states is where?
Funny how  you  don't  mention that the  deal  won't  go  through  unless  the  people of  Wisconsin  come up with  3 billion..
Foxcomm promised jobs in Harrisburg too. How'd that work out? #alternativefacts
$3.0B (that's billion) in incentives to FoxConn.  Good to see mfg in WI, but selling out is not good mfg policy.  Start leading!!
Great Job let keep it up God is on your side
Will you continue to outsource to China?
Hope this works out better than the #Carrier deal.
Fake News 
What did you contribute besides bombast?
a deal in the works since 2013.
Good for your lapdog @SpeakerRyan state. You may be the worst politician to ever
And what have you done to facilitate that? Exactly, which of your policies led them to want to do that? Discuss... #fakeleader
People can say and try to do as much damage to your work for our country. But Mr President ! " You get shit Done " !!!!
An will install DOUBLE the size and DOUBLE the number of anti suicide nets.
bought with taxpayer dollars
Klojo
its a shame to fake. Cnn
what    do     you      want       to      erpress
#NotMyPresident, #BuildingBridges , #Scienceisreal
Americans are going to get more Tweets from you cuz you are on vacation. Annoyed that this clown is my president. I can't even. #through
#MillionaireAsshatGolfingAgain
The rise of China into the world was speed up by Obama...now everything is made in China...Trump will change and is changing
Great...I just feel for the dem supporters who want the presidency without using the normal process of elections..meanwhile China is booming
It's Mueller time! Be prepared to be deposed under oath! Maybe will finally see your tax returns!
Don't count on it. You won't be POTUS for soon. Mueller will find evidence of obstruction of justice, Russian collusion and treason!
Foxconn promised in 2013 to invest $30M & hire 500 workers for a new high-tech factory in Pennsylvania that was never built. FAKE PROMISES!
Great!
And absolutely none of it is because of you. #puppet

Once Trump owed 4 billion dollars to 70 American banks then the Russians helped him,... and the rest is history. 

https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/894049936483926016 …
I notice you don't retweet when the Fox folks do stupid stuff like harass other coworkers... oh shit you like that ... I forgot!!! My bad 
you offered them 4 billion in tax breaks and incentives and they havent even signed it yet lol


Foxconn is slime.
Why not hit Backspace and add an S instead of Backspace add /plants? Ohhh because you are lying Oh yeah!
Hold Your Breath Donnie. Fake News is YOU!
Master of the Fart of the Deal - The scamster in chief: http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/trump-said-foxconn-deal-good-american-workers-heres-chilling-truth/ …
Not an American company...for that matter either I'd Mazda or Toyota.
Liar. Fraud. Traitor.
And how much did it cost to get it?  Not worth it.
Hey @Potus @RealDonaldTrump Tune in to http://MagaOneRadio.net  a dance mix that is helping to #MAGA
Tune in to @DJTheStallion tonight for hot #MAGA  party mix on @MagaOneRadioNet  http://magaoneradio.net  
At what cost to the Wisconsin taxpayers?
