@KEEMSTAR Saudi Arabia has been doing the same thing too but you dont care bc you think oil is more important to you
so this is how the nuclear holocaust starts.
and they have been very very #naughty
Do you have any clue how you sound its 9:00am and this is what you our leader is saying might #lol we don't care
NUKE EM DONNY!!! BEFORE THEY NUKE US!! We need to get our mojo back!!
Do grow up!
AFA not dead in the water: your health plan is dead in the water! Meals on wheels After school programs The arts Really!?
You are going to be the death of us - literally!
Russia Russia Russia
huuuf 
#resist Diplomacy over twitter? Good lord- you need to read 'Acting Presidential for Dummies'- since you read so much & all
I think we all know this (u.s. history class)
like i said make sure you and urs are all in NK bf strike cuz we dont want any traitors left in the whitehouse #Trumprussia
fresh from the Department of Propaganda & Distraction.
: Please invest in TOSHIBA, Honda.
North Korea doesn't know quite how to interpret or react to this new American president. Good.
can you do me a favor and just NOT cause a nuclear war over twitter?
@kefcee_lee  daily comment comedy show
They aren't "behaving very badly". They are shooting missiles. They are a threat, not a seven year old throwing sand in daycare.
Its a good thing God put on this Earth. Nobody would of known N Korea was a threat if it wasn't for u
Nuff Said.
I do not want Obama back!!! Trump is our President so deal with it!
Hola - diplomacy at work.
careful Donny, you just got your right to trademark your hookers over there.
So, let me get this straight. You're a nutter...poking another nutter with a stick. You both have nukes. Right. Excellent.
there you go putting words and quotes again so you can deflect what you're really trying to say. Pathetic!
since this is in "quotes" we're gonna need a translation of "playing".
WORDS OF COURAGE that will bring real CHANGE. THE ANTITHESIS of the COWARD TRAITOR OBAMA ADMIN
go back America, it is little fucking business with you
quotes again
very naughty boys
中国不是一直如此吗
Speaking of "behaving badly", you accused a former President of a federal crime, which is punishable by impeachment. BYE!
Not only USA it is an international thread
Korea & China will 'Make America Small Again' ... sad as it is !
Stay away from the nukes Trump. China has more people than all the allies combined, and they have nukes enough to destroy 
You want to stop NK all you need is one bullet. Don't bomb the civilians who are suffering there. Don't kill people to
make yourself look presidential, or to sell your bombs.
China is actively using them as a shameless tool of foreign policy. Ventriloquist puppet client state. Unify Korea.
Your followers communicate with memes because they can't spell.
ooooo so edgy

Apparently hrs right your following him.
indeed. He's incredibly entertaining 
Yes and smart .
I couldn't agree more ...and I would put ALL of those descriptions before "smart" 
If you don't like it don't follow him .Twitter got him elected.
I choose to keep a very close eye on people I think are dangerous. 
Is this directed at myself or #45?
Omg, Trump not you! Sorry 
Lol. I had hoped you walked on the sane side
good point donald - let's get going
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!...
As @potus you have done nothing but show feckless #twittership by bending over for a two bit thug like Putin, makes you look weak! #Impeach
They're playing you too. Sad that you haven't realized it yet.
Diplomacy is hard especially when you want other countries to do it in 2 weeks.  Wah!!
You sound like a toddler who is trying to understand foreign policy. You terrify me
Yep...
Bigly badly!
台湾是仅剩的中华民族！中国是中共的！他们的体制是共产党国际！是反人类的，川普弟兄！
请总统先生关注郭文贵爆料，他那里有关于中共和朝鲜有价值的信息。
Attention: N Korea is not playing. The Korean war is all they needed to consider us a danger to their chosen lives.
looks like 2 more no votes on health care just came in ....you lose

China has been playing Americans for many yrs Past politicians playing along side Lining their own pockets dstryng US lives
China has only cared to make things better for themselves, at OUR expense.  Please continue with your momentum.  We are so proud of you in building our Country that I have always revered along with our Military!  We so love your valor, morals, and substance. God Bless you all!
Dear world  trump is just a figurehead he doesn’t hold any real power. Don’t fall for his lies. We have stop listening to him
The leader of korea is egotistical, small minded, jealous, bet he watched G20 with utter dismay, that he got no invitation+praise etc.
YES! BADLY BAD North Korea will get our BIGLY BIG anger! Right after we are done with the UK and AUSTRALIA!
Who do those Brits think they are, saying they have NOT been spying on us for that Obama guy! They are "playing" us! BAD!
And then those Australians who are always like G'DAY MATE and with their LIBERAL government, they are SO ANNOYING! SAD!
you do know it's opposite here right? The liberals are the conservative right.
.@realDonaldTrump you are literally baiting for a nuclear war over Twitter 

Wish someone had warned us about this

Still President.   @Amber64Dragon @Khanoisseur @realDonaldTrump
Prouder than this American hating scumbag
you feel 'played' because you don't k ow what diplomacy is.
And now are testing you. So scary
invest in  a Thesaurus .
STOP TWEETING. If the EPA can't tweet, nor should you!
now you want other countries to help us but against helping other countries?   Hmmmm
Amen!! I've been saying this for years now...Kim's a shady snake!
STOP antagonizing foreign entities to boost your uneducated ego. WE DON'T WANT A WAR TO SUPPORT YOUR EGO/NARCISISM!
@Carm9en I believe N. Korea is testing you and your resolve. Stand strong,  we are ehind you with our guns.
"...badly."?  C'mon, use a thesaurus once in a while.  You do know what that is, don't you?
I just want to say that I sleep a lot better knowing your in charge! Thank you Mr. President!
whining on Tweeter is not the same as leading.  The US deserves better from our President.
look in the mirror. NK is doing exactly what you do.  Looking out for their own best interests, playing their opponents.
And how are we going to fix that Mr President?
oh!!! Yes. They  need to be punished. Be strong enough but also wise they are crazy  like goats
Send Dennis Rodman back in. Maybe Gary Busey too!
#failingpresidency

you are playing the American people!
然并卵
Wtf r u, their psychologist?   USA politicians n elite have been playing the majority US citizens 4 years while trying to be world police
they need to be dealt with. That crazy leader of N. Korea needs to be shown he can't do as he pleases.

ur behaving very badly too & trying to play Americans to fund ur weekend play dates.
...and you are poised to lead us into a war with them. Can't wait to see how you handle this disaster.
and you've been playing very "idiotly" with the USA. Maybe both of you should be sent to bed without your phones?
quit talking like you a grown up and there being punished it sounds stupid stop stop stop STOP
Bashar Al-Assad and Kim Jong-UN, to be beheaded as well as Saddam Hussein!
play ing LOL
Sometimes you should choose your battles carefully
Sure, ,Vietnam,Iraq,Libya,Serbia,Syria,Yemen,Russia,Iran,China,all of them,The MARS behaving bad,China do little to help..
"behaving very badly" 
Can you not start WWIII please?
and if they send a bomb here, then what, we all don't have your money, we can't just get up and leave. Stop the hate!!!!!!!
is behaving very badly. He has been "playing" the United States for years. Ivanka has done little to help!
OMG... go back to middle school and learn how to be a grown up.
Here comes the latest #misdirect from #PresidentBannon to keep the eyes away from the @KremlinRussia_E @potus @realDonaldTrump bromance
spank kim jong un plz
@elvisinoregon  its time they learned a lesson. Starve or turn against the fat midget that rules them.
worst leader ever. How do your supporters still believe you Fake news
Why don't you sent them an atomic bomb. In German we say that you don't have the eggs in the pans for that.
are we getting to crux of your #budget ? Increase #military spending for #KoreanWar and to burn #MiddleEast #dictatortrump
I agree with u mr president but the truth is that nothing you will do about it!
no you you are "playing" president. Donyou think this is a joke. A game? No one is as good at war as you?  Dangerous
do you really think this is appropriate for the POTUS.  Even your supporters want you to start to act more Presidential.
What benefit does it give the US to bother NK?
could you find either country on a map
now now mr. T easy does it! And who amongst those petulant WH boys and gals asked you to tweet that hmm 
we must stop communism at any cost!
please don't make it easier for people to hate America
God is a brave being so we have to be brave to be able to disrupt the bad. Let's go to heaven for courage and faith.
Behaving very badly is oh so trendy these days isn't it?
stop PROVOKING nthKorea with 'eagle shield' every damn year might improve the chances for peace to break out
They abuse great numbers of their people in slave labor camps. The power structure needs to be dismantled and people freed.
and you have something in common with both ifvthem
don't get suckered in on there ways like the Clintons do. they would be called terrorists and hostage takers. don't be a taker be THE USPREZ
Is that why you invited Chinese President to Mar-a-Lago? Or is there some other reason?
And Like you can fix it. Please. 37%. Do you know what that percentage is? Let me remind you: Approval rating.
N.K is Behaving badly seriously! AlternativeFact no need 2fear c/change etc..your twittering/presidency will be w/destroys this country #Sad
oh naughty naughty Korea they need an time out
And evidently your idea of international leadership is limited to a tweet.  Sad.  Very Sad
N. Korea has no internet service, so they can't see fake threats. U.S. Is being played by Trump & Dennis Rodman, N Korean courier since 2013
Grown up leaders don't do foreign policy on twitter you loudmouth.
BEHAVING BADLY? WHAT ARE YOU? SEVEN???????
Losing South Korea would mean endangering Japan. Losing Japan would jeopardize Hawaii. Don't lose Korea!
A thorn in your side is someone or something that causes trouble or makes life difficult for you.
When you put "playing" in quotes...I forget; is that when you don't mean it or you're kidding?
Sorry @realDonaldTrump but we(I)
don't care about your bulls#!t
so tell us who is it gonna be?! China? Korea? Russia? #WWIII
Takes a player to know a player; you are the KING of playing America. Oh, & I don't hate the game but sure do hate SOMEONE.
But I'll overlook Russian missile's
YOU R behaving badly,not shaking Ms. M's hand,not denouncing hateful acts in US, spending taxpayers $$ golfing in FL, TAXES
oh shut up
.@realDonaldTrump you are just itching to kill our kids in a #war  so you can profit off military contracts$$ in Dick Cheney style #GOP @RNC
Fact check, I'll wait.
Fact check what??
你的具体计划是什么？透露一点。中国是朝鲜的盟友，对吗？
North Korea didn't want your hotel nor golf course be very careful not to strike a blow because of your personal feelings
they must be terrified that you said they are being "bad."   Such big, powerful, eloquent words.  "Eloquent,"  look it up.
You are the least qualified president to call another human being "behaving very badly". PATHETIC.
seriously what do you want them to do? Start a neuclear war?
you speak like a 10 year old.
as a result of 8 years of Obama and fake red lines
Despite what we've heard from "Fake President"......He hasn't done nothing.
You have behaved extremely bad and have "played" the USA and its people. Russia has done little to help you!
Dennis rodman and his team may have access to north korea
please send your kids to war first lead example
Grow up and do something about it.
you have no diplomacy. With other countries or your people that claim you as their president...not my president.!
Yeah, we sold them all of your GPS coordinates! The nukes are on their way and you will be cleansed from the Earth!
Ask dennis rodman and his team he may an secret info about nk...
no trump you are behaving very badly.try using facts when you speak
South Korea needs to educate North Korea!?
Also, if anyone is playing the U.S.A., then they have MANY people to answer to?
I don't think abt north Korea. If china has done nothing 2 help,then find a solution? Mr.President.The job has to get done.
I hear ya. I'm Recruiting A Handful Of Determined Self Starters. Hit Me Back If You Think That Might Be You.
it was not the right thing to do.It was the wrong protocol procedure by u! USA needs China, to protect All nations.
please stop tweeting your thoughts about foreign country's. You are making the US look even worse! Keep these in your head.
we know you're shit at leading & clueless in your job but just to drive the point home pissing off china = bad idea 
please don't start another war!!!!!
Bad! Great! Sad! Sick!  Can you possibly learn to speak like an educated adult.  Or are you neither?
i can hear your little stupid voice saying that lmaooo
One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish Whattttttttt!
Isn't this a rerun? I think I've seen this tweet before.
SO why did they give you 38 new branding rights? LOL #hypocrite
