shame on you for accusing a Gold Star family of lying about your heartless comments
u know u don't have the votes.#idiotpresident

You do know. You burned bridges and insulted people you needed for votes. Now it won’t pass. Another legislative failure on your watch. #MAGA
Oh, look, it's toilet time for Donnie.
Crossing our fingers! Praying for you MY PRESIDENT! Everyday. May God deliver any and all evil from you, in Yeshua's name.
with your track record?! I doubt anything will get done!

Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
You obviously don’t know much about being POTUS! You are an incompetent, inhumane dullard!
Troll He is way better then the failure Obama Definitely 10 times better than criminal Clinton
BUILD THE WALL!
@realDonaldTrump
Thank You Mr. President
That Last Guy STUNK!
Almost Made "AWARDS" Meaningless For Old RINOs In Congress
#StandForTheFlag
You forgot to put trump in there.

Do what you can.
You have No Clue about Anything, do you??
Don't forget to revise our health insurance so we don't pay you're only for the middle class you just said that I'm from your neighborhood
God knows, Mr President. Praying for you. You r doing a great job, especially in the face of all of the obstacles you face.

Do you ever post anything of substance?
Trolls are unable to perform that function.
Thank you for your leadership


Fake president.
Get a job

Trump thanks for the update keep up the good work
If you don't know, it just proves you're a shitty dealmaker. "Let's build a hotel. Do we have the money? Who knows?"
See how dumb it sounds?
#respect
Thank you for all you do, this Veteran knows you care about Soldiers and I believe you. Shame #MSM and #Democrats politicize our Military.
The Dems didn't even aknowledge our Military until it became convenient for them to use it politically
SPIN. All managers, handlers, marketers use it. Conservatives see right through it but it's sad that the little snowflakes can't see it...
Are they all deaf, dumb & blind? If So, we're in more serious trouble as a country than imaginable.Cant let them be future of our country
Yeah, related tho't: hate to think I'll be neglected in a nursing home one day if the  think my life isn't worth it cause I'm almost dead
So true. Their ideology is constantly changing as whatever they ' feel ' that day takes over. Not one lick of common sense or decency
You are a minority. Do you understand why? Cerebral growth.

Trump: the Trump's president.
Not according to the polls. He is the minority of the people's president. He should grow up and act like an adult. He needs discipline.
What crisis will you create to distract from you evil response to Gold Star families?
You need to stop the war on dads that one of the important thing to do at these moment

Republicans ...go go go ...Tax cuts....
I know
You should know, you're the fucking president. God you're dumb.
Pls dont forget about 9M expats #doubletaxed and extorted by #FATCA  and #CBTax pls fix it! #unfair
Massive tax cuts for the 1%
Good!!! Don’t forget they are the job creator....stupid!
You sound certain and in control lol
Trump keeps losing and losing. Is he sick of it yet?
Apparently not or he’s so stupid he doesn’t realize he’s losing
That’s just plain stupid
Tax cuts are vital to stoking economic revival.
Fuck off old man.
He has never been the poster boy for sanity and rational thinking, but lately he's compensating even more. Maybe it's his military mishaps.
He is the oldest president ever elected, and it shows in how he behaves. Not just the nationalism but there is probably some degeneration.
Some?
Deplorable
Presidents should lead through example, not through Tweets.
President Trump speaks loudly and doesn't even carry a stick. Theodore Roosevelt would not approve!
"Great leaders make people believe they did it all themselves." - Gordon Tredgold
So how much input did the Democrats have in the budget plan?  I am willing to guess that they didn't have a say at all!
We need bipartisan plans if you want anything to be approved and actually last past the end of your Presidency, which may be coming sooner than later.
Tax cuts are nice if you let the Democrats and Republicans both have a say.  We need tax and budget plans that will remain in effect even after your Presidency ends.
Dude, where are Trump's tax returns?
We must repeal and replace the tax-dodging President of the United States.

It is actually a Bush phone. Obama did not start the phone program but how would you know? You support  #Nazi #Liar.

Russian crimes that led to Russia interfering with our election? Therefore now we have the Loser as our pathetic chief.
You know that Congress is now investigating the @BarackObama administration for a massive collusion campaign, right?
Yeah and..... so they are all corrupt. That doesnt give Trump a pass on all his crimes. Lock them ALL up!!
Which crimes, specifically?  Please be specific & provide references to actual crimes. Hurt feelings don't count. #CulturalMarxism is poison
End the war on drugs it's a giant net loss in terms of crime, and money.
I heard A Refinery getting built in W. Texas ? 1st in 40 Years ? $MMEX THANK YOU PRES. TRUMP !!!
Downstream or upstream company?

I know!
I had hoped I had wished u knew how to make a deal! Ur losing! Ur fake! Ur clueless! Not what I thought not what I voted for!!!
You were fooled by two powerful liars.  Putin and DJT.


@twttier #BotAlert
By bot you really mean someone who disagrees with you. #CulturalMarxism is poison; don't swallow it.
Lmaooo hilarious #Ignorance
So, nothing of any substance from you, then. Got it.
For what? Trumpets don't understand substance, why even waste my time. Anyone who is dumb enough support him is clearly damaged!
Well...ok then.
Seth
WHEREIS THE NATIONAL DEBT GOING  DOUBLE AS RONNIE DID????
You need 60 votes
you don't know!
It's cutting $1 trillion from #Medicaid & $500mm from #Medicare to pay for tax cuts for your pals. Broken campaign promise
Well why would the POTUS know anything that has to do with running this country. 
"Who knows" is everyone in DC but Trump. Call Putin & see.
Usually the party and the president knows. That is part of their job. Did you know that is part of your job?
You know everything 
Yes
Tax cuts for the Super rich. Total BS. We as a people were so stupid to allow you to be the leader of the Free world
Massive cuts for Walmarts, Kochs and you. Increases for most middle income families. Pennies for the poor, huge cuts in services. Shameful.
Who knows?  WE know...you don't.  You're not real good at this president stuff, are ya.  #MAGA  and resign.
You know you are supposed to say tax reform? You forget when you're supposed to lie or lie for no reason. You are unhinged and sinking. Sad!
No you don’t. We all know it but you.
Tax returns please.
The fake tax cut that don needs to lie to People about. Pay off putin? Rub his rich friends? Impeach his a$s! #ImpeachTrumpNow #FuTRUMP
Yeah like on the ACA!
Yes massive tax cut for your own benefit, billionaires friends,  the Russian who are your business partners.for the real american, not help
with spending caps please
Donald is the Stupidest President EVER. "But who knows".
Nobody wants to support you any longer that matters. Sad situation trump, cant manage your presidential agenda. No fit for the job.
The people down here at the bottom of incomes NEED tax breaks. And nobody needs LYING about taxes, which we have now from you & Mnuchin.
Obamas Corrupt Holdovers Have To Go!!!!And That Includes John McCain!!!
The rich don't need another tax break. The people do.
Hopefully, NOT.  The time is wrong and the plan is bad

The @GOP better come through or face the consequences on Election Day..
You have our support in Texas!
Bush smacks down Trump;"We become the heirs of MLK by recognizing 1 another not by color of skin but by the content of their character."
You get those taxes cut and then they'll impeach you. That's how that will go.
Get rid of the Obamacare exemptions for state and govt employees and let them purchase their own insurance, you’ll see how fast they nix it.
hopefully they are smart enough to vote against trickle down

Enjoy your tax cuts. My family will continue to live below the poverty line though i make twice the federal minimum.
Massive tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy equal huge increase in debt. What happened to the fiscally conservative. Why I left GOP.
Translation: don’t blame if it goes down but I told you so if it passes! #moron #fraud

Which we should actually PREVENT these TAX CUTS.
It's just for the WEALTHY. Aka, Friends of the child rapist Trump.
Is that #MAGA?
Hopefully we still have enough loyal Americans in Congress to defeat this idiotic idea. No tax breaks for the rich. Makes no economic sense
Out of the mouth of babes! FIRST
Eat the rich
Hillary had the votes and look how that turned out. #boybye
Tax credit for private schooling?
Not you...get s clue! Middle class tax break?
Seems there are far too many spineless Republicans (& RINOs) that you have to deal with now.
A sad bunch of "Majority" do-nothings so far!!
#Biden2020
#WorstPresidentEver
Your policy has killed 4 Americans in Niger worst decision this is your Benghazi only you had time to review your decisions!
Trump is really looking forward to this tax cut.
Name
Thank you  Mr Trump for all the great work your doing for all patriotic Americans God bless you and your family Latinos for Mr Trump 
About time the Congress did something When is the Billions of dollars Obama stole from seniors Medicare for Obamacare going to be replaced?
Your job isn't to tweet it's to be president. Get your priorities in order trump! #Manbaby #PuertoRicoStrong
Reportrt: "1-10 how do you rate your job with PR?" drumpf: "" #FuckingMoron #AssClownAndThief
Where does the revenue come from after we make the 'massive tax cuts'?
Glad I’m part of the 1%
Our President #WhoKnows Obviously not you.
Get it done. I don’t work hard to give MY gov my $. And please stop the hand outs to people that are capable of working but to lazy to do so
WE are with you President Trump! EVERYONE needs to call your Senators and Congressmen ASAP!!
U don’t know? That says a lot. 
Well, if it giving massive cuts to the rich then someone will shoot it down!! Sorry no cuts for the wealthy, only poor and middle class!!
Your Friends are going to benefit first.
Good job.
The Jew Way.
How about we cut our over-bloated defense budget?  We spend more than the next 14 countries combined...
You must be creaming orange in your pants waiting to con all us working people
Do you think we should add Former President Obama to Mt. Rushmore?
Who knows.... You don't usually
The rich get another tax break.  *yawn*
Who knows?... You probably should if you were doing your job and actually talking to your Congress and senate. You need to resign.
The people voting know.
Not you, evidently #Dotard
Of course you have the votes- you're surrounded by rich white traitors who want tax cuts.
Go fuck yourself, you insecure piece of shit.
Your budget is tax cuts for rich
Takeaway healthcare from millions
But okay for cabinet members to use private jets & military aircraft
Right?!?

You. You should know. You’re the President, but who knows?
Tax cuts like your billions are illusory.
Oh God! You ARE the antichrist!
Yea...and it's been passed :(
Massive tax cuts for the rich...we already know your GOP lackeys will vote for this
Stay positive!!!!God sees the good you are working so hard to accomplish!!!!
Ah yes a big tax cut for u & the top 1%!
If you are cutting taxes, who is paying for your wall?
No Sort term bill to prop up obama care.  It will hurt the poor.
You can’t run the country (I should stop here) like you ran your companies. The 
Presidency requires integrity, something you never had.
#LiarinChief #ImpeachThisImbecile #TraitorTrump #PutinsPuppet
You should know that's your job. If you weren't so busy slamming people on twitter all day you might realize that. Horrible leader.

If corporations keep the tax cuts the market rises. Does it fall if they pass the cuts on to the workers?

It's time they do their jobs for the American People that the voters sent them there to do! We want Massive Tax Cuts & approve the Budget!
The wheels are falling off your clown car, Donnie boy.  Better fire/pardon everyone. It’s the only way to stay out of prison
I pray the rich get richer.  I am willing to go hungry to make sure it happens....NOT!  The 1% are the worst of the human race.
Do u remember when u said u wouldn't make cuts on Medicare and Medicaid?
Not you! You're running for president that has golfed the most! Nothing like ignoring the families that lost their homes in CA.
Vote no vote no vote no vote no vote no he is going to destroy us
Wow great confidence ... #shit
Folks! Who will be the next GOP Politician who will ruin the new tax proposal from being voted through? McCain again, Paul, Collins, Who???
They knew what they were getting into

Big cuts in Medicare ,Medicaid and alot more .this is Donaldtrumps lies again telling the ppl what a great budget and congress lies with him
Cut regulations on us making money. What’s the @IRS good for?
You suck
If you don't know, you're not very good at the presidenting thing, are you?
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU have the RINOs & @GOP Establishment selling out #WeThePeople & #Americans on #Healthcare & #Taxes. #USA #TaxReform
Instead of Global warming. Think about, how comprehensively we are ready for the next "Ice Age". We are over due. Should be concerned.
What do you know?
#ImpeachTrumpNow   tax reform doesnt help anyone but the ultra rich...stop lying
You are to BLAME for the 4 military soldiers, MURDERER!!
They did it! Finally success!
The president should know.
You definitely don’t
Clinton,George HW Bush and George Bush and Obama Discrimination of the Trump
Who knows perhaps the real leader in Russia, because our own leader clearly does not know what the hell us going on
Hopefully you'll cover your main agenda. Repealing the Estate Tax so you can save $4 Billion when you mercifully leave this world. #FAKENEWS
Massive tax cuts for the extremely wealthy. Massive increases in the national debt. Screws over the poor and the middle class. #TrumpResign
I don’t think you have the votes, just like you didn’t have the votes for healthcare. So far, you’re the biggest loser president! Nice job.

I love you Mr. President. You are better then any of the Democrats. Keep up the great work. Just keep tweeting U.S.
Why do corporations get to claim state and local tax deductions but individuals cannot under proposed republican legislation?
