are you seriously this F'n stupid? Nine separate agencies had to sign off and she had no veto power. FACT: Obama still has more followers ;)
While millions flowed into the Foundation and Bill gave a half a million speech funded by Kremlin bank. But yeah Russia.
explain this. The GOP was in control of the House for 6 of Obama's yr. Why didn't they do anything? & speech doesn't = code word intel
Tell me again how the GOP was involved. They actually brought concerns about the deal.
People should be looking into Muellers connections through Hillary and Russia deal. He can't investigate Russia without implacating himself
Call it "Muellers day off" 
Mueller 
Mueller 
Mueller 
Mueller 
Mueller
Pretty sure she's not the President
We have more important things to talk about; like obstruction of justice; obsession with being less popular than Obama, etc
True, we Americans are wondering why @TheJusticeDept has not investigated these issues or handed down indictments. Is Sessions on vacation??
Here's a link to send a msg specifically to the AG:
https://twitter.com/pearl_of_truth/status/910320774900277248 …
True, we Americans are wondering why @TheJusticeDept has not investigated these issues or handed down indictments. Is Sessions on vacation?? 
Good question!! Indictments need to be given to SOROS, OBAMA, and HILLARY! Most corrupt of them all!!
How many times will you hear him admit guilt before you get patriotic? He just said I'm guilty of being tied to Russia but they did it too
Exactly! We The American People are sick of it!  It's time for removal of traitors in our nation.
Yawn, not worthy of a response for the umpteenth time. If you can't Read, Trump, you can't be our fake president! #TrumpLies #25A #DemForce
If you want to stay in the gutter bring on the truth, starting with the Clintons/their complete administration about all their Russia ties!
We the American people have had a belly full of this witch hunt display-ENOUGH!
You are the #potus. The American people will gladly pay their tax dollars to bring justice to these thugs
Order her and bill arrest along with John Kerry and Obama


I think Russia probe towards Don Jr. Nothing burger, woke up&pissed OUR President off, he is out for truth and blood, Clintons r going down!
Don't mess with Pres Trump's family!
Prosecute Hillary Clinton for, well sorry twitter doesn't give me enough room to name all the things she could be in jail for
go after her or drop it. you're the POTUS and you sound completely impotent like a bystander.
Just further proof that he has literally no idea what he's doing, just sits around like "somebody do something"
OK, we admit that you win this battle. Your Russian ties are MUCH stronger than Hillary's. 
#TrumpRussia
Lock her up!
Dude! That is so last year! Build a bridge and get over it already! Sheesh!
Dear Mr President, recall when you told #HillaryClinton during the #Debates2016 that she will go to prison? Question = When? #Trump
It was a miracle and the will of G-d that Trump became president He does his best 4 people and our country but some are blinded by fake news
President Trump = Angel of healing 
Evil politicians = Fake news = Angel of death
Mr. President, please do something. The Obama/Clinton crime syndicate cannot get away with their crimes against America & her people. #MAGA
I think u are the leaker..it's called "Wag the Dog" & u r quite proficient at it! Stop already!
What about? You have the power to order an investigation! Why haven't you done it?
Don't count because they are Democrats and law doesn't pertain to them .
Where's the justice dept. Where's Sessions?!
That's already been debunked,  do keep up
Jr met with 4 err I mean 5. Did I say 5 I meant 6. No I meant 7, well actually I meant 8. Did I tell u one did money laundering? No? My bad!
TRUTH broke (1/17/17)
#TrumpRussia Investigations ONGOING into you & entire #Trump Campaign Associates
Truth GROWING - #TrumpRussia
Over last 6 Months @FBI & Congress Investigations (8)
Crimes Evidence to SC #Mueller Criminal Prosecutors
Obama flexibility after 2012 election?!
If only we knew of someone who could order the DOJ to investigate it. Hmmmmm.........
Loving the courage of our president. I pray he sores on the wings of Eagles as we pray for him God will lift him up. We love you Mr. Pres
SHE is not the President, you are unfortunately
@trmp1213 Do something about it, ur our leader.unseal the OB documents,  including #SusanRice
@DavidWr77346925 We know all so called Russian Collusion stories R Projections of Dems2cover upHillary Crimes!ThisMustStop!
For someone who has nothing to do with Russia, you seem to know a lot about ties to Russia. 

Too bad you don't know as much about America.
Mueller & who knows who Comey & Rosenstein ? @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @JaySekulow @JackPosobiec @SebGorka @MichaelCohen212
big dollar speeches now illegal? She was cleared on the rest and the Uranium deal is fake news...she was cleared again. U lust for HRC
Mueller helped deliver that Urarainum to Russia
Pardon me? What did you say? Huh? Repetition of lies will no longer work for you, doofus! #ImpeachTrumpPence
Where the hell is tour AG on all this, tell him to get his head out his and reopen the investigation
If true, send the tiny-top-cop to prosecute, dummy! If not then shut up about it. Be the President, not a show host worried about ratings!
And the infamous promise "I will have more flexibility after the election"
She isnt our president
What about her e mails?
What about Benghazi?
What about the uranium deal?
What abut Obama?
@realDonaldTrump Yes Get Ur Guys OnIt ASAP PresDJTrump TrueFacts 'Take Bull by Horns'@GeorgWebb @csthetruth @stranahan Ck emOut R allover it
The Clinton ties doesn't matter she's not President you are your the one who needs to clean up his act you act like a spoiled brat grow up
When r we going to see your tax records? & still trying to muddy Hillary. Stop Twittering for God's sake!!
DEFLECTING AGAIN!! Doesn't want to take responsibility about any thing said about him & his family.
Ask Jeff Sessions to investigate.
Since he recused himself from Russia he has plenty on time to devote to Clinton foundation
Why are you so preoccupied with HRC? Is it because the election has been your only real win?
Allegedly real win.
@spongemock_bot
You're Just getting scared because they're gonna find all your tax dodging and money laundering.
In what universe is it that you draw your reality? You are very close to insanely paranoid.
Muppet land!  Or Disneyland?
Why won't u shut down this investigation? U r making everyone angry w u!
If Trump is going to keep obsessing about Hillary then he can at least call her by her proper name...

"Popular Vote Winner Hillary Clinton"
This mess has her (HRC) name all over it. Stinks like a Clinton, must be a Clinton.

What about the illegal seizure of Fannie/Freddie??? Obama AND Clinton LIED TO THE  PUBLIC ABT THEM. That's truly shameful #FANNIEGATE
Nice try, tiny hands. You're not weasling out of this one!
You should just huff, puff and blow those little piggies houses down...oh wait, you look busy blowing up your own house...
Why is doj not charging her
LOCK HER UP!!!
I totally agree Mr.President. They will not go after the clintons for all this real crime! The paid off people will keep making up stuff

Could this be Chester Benningtons dead man switch ? #pedogate #pizzagate @CraigRSawyer 
I

The truth is out there!
I agree,but UR not #MAGA by taking #Healthcare away from People & keeping us in #EndlessWars,SO UR no better! #NoMoreWars #SinglePayerNow
Conway trying to defend Scaramucci? She is a poor twister. Very poor indeed. Scaramucci wrote this about Trump: NOW HE'S ALL FOR TRUMP? LOL
The clinton family is out of the picture u and ur family and all those traitors and criminals around you are the big problem and danger now
Absolutely!! Keep pushing this as MSM isn't! Totally a dbl standard that won't go away anytime soon! #MAGA
Yeah what about them? If the people you have aren't doing their jobs get rid of them. No one with ties to O,Clintons, DNC OR Sorros
Sir, when , when when will the AG and DOJ go after the criminality of the Clintons, traitorous acts of Obama and adm? and Holder, Lynch etc?
Where and what is the #DOJ and @jeffsessions doing about this?!? If he isn't upto the job of bringing the #Clintons in find someone who will
Is there already an investigation? Sessions testimony said he couldn't answer if there was any ongoing investigation. Ties to Oregon rancher
.@realDonaldTrump you are so #sad. Clinton is not President but I guess neither are you! #ImpeachTrump
DOJ needs to be on this.
Exactly!!..Where are all of the special prosecutors looking into Real Facts!!
Corruption has never been so rampant,lurking in every corner, smoke screened, blow the smoke away!
Mr. President the Clintons are above reproach. At least that's what they think. We voted for you to nail them.
I wish you would ensure that Obama, HRC and DNC are made an example of corruption and all put into prison forever! EXPOSE and prosecute
Exactly!!!!  Why is sessions there??? And his deputy, FIRE THEM. And clean house in the justice dept
So 2013 you knew Putin?Then no never.U described Clinton's as dear friends said Hillary isN amazing wife&person&Udonated 100G2Them.Urclean?
FOLLOW THE $ @TheJusticeDept
boo hoo clinton's emails/ wah wah wah
We, The People are Waiting... for verification that some people are not above the laws we respect & follow.
No political power.
Clinton isn't president. Get over it!!
She's not president! Stop trying to use Clinton and Obama as distractions from your incompetence!
You really have to get over HC. You can't blame her for your problems!! Get the hell out of office!!! You, your family, cabinet TRAITORS!!
@SusanewoodSusan you know
the rules they accuse you of what they have done.
Works on most , most of the time TRUMP THAT ASS
Need another special council appointed  just for clinton and the Obama crime family. You can push for it! #MAGA
Yawn...
And all the other illegal activities she's involved in!!!
Why can't you order an investigation

investigation for so much money given to Iran?? Fairness of law makers & politicians?? Who is running USA gov Where is one nation under G-d
What about the time the Apollo spacecraft docked with Soyuz in outer space? Lots of collusion going on there.  Tell elf to get on it.
Lock her up now. We are tired of waiting.
NOBODY CARES ABOUT CLINTON BECAUSE SHE IS NOT THE PRESIDENT.
You got her beat, I'm afraid. You whole administration smells like a Russian brothel.
She's not president. You are.
Deflection, deflection, deflection.  You can deflect all you want but you and your family are guilty, guilty, guilty!!!
@ggblonde101 Dem sludge doesnt play to media,lib Congress.
Media seems 2think Public has lost interest in an honest investigation of Crooked Hillary,but not true!Public wants Justice
What about #LockHerUp ? You have the authority now to order an investigation.
Congress must be part of the sleazy Clinton & Podesta network or they never could have ripped off & harmed so many ppl. Culture of crime.
What about our POTUS not winning the popular vote and using the Russians Russians to win an election
STILL NOT DISTRACTED
More lies, more deflection, more distraction, more bullshit. This isn't governance, this is childish whining.
donald u r the "president" the ones giving away secrets to an American adversary I knew u screw up 5 bankruptcy all those failed businesses
Let the investigation in to the Clintons and their foundation begin.
Except the Russians interfered in our election to help YOU, not Clinton.
Why can't you get Jeff Sessions to indict these people??
Yep, still waiting on a real investigation and draining of the swamp. I'm a taxpayer and willing for to foot the bill for this investigation
Psst. you are the pres. I know it is hard to believe and we wish it wasn't true. Time to take off the diaper & put on your big boy pants!
Clintons sleep with all
Do something about it!

We The People want a REAL Investigation on Clinton and Obama.

What you're doing is called pivoting. And you little 5 year old, she is not the President. Now, PLEASE take care of poverty and the climate.
@RaySr1946 USMC
Clinton no longer matters. You are thePresident of the US. Grow up
Do it!  Lock up the whole bunch of crooked traitors!
She. Isn't. President. #ImpeachTrump #trump
When is somebody going to do something about it? #LOCKTHEMALLUP #ClintonBodyCount
Didn't they investigate Hilary to death?and, what? Nothing?
Aw Mr president, you know that doesn't matter!  Their dimms, libtsrds and losers
Just like when Obama wiretapped Trump tower? Oh wait, that was just in your imagination.
.Let's make a deal. We investigate thm n u turn ovr your taxes n get out of the wy of this investigation. Deal? Or u just gonna muddy it up?
Do you like riddles?   If so I have a response.
You HAVE to stop referring to @HillaryClinton and focus on doing your job.
Bro. Stop being such a whining snowflake.
Put Legs On The "What Abouts" / Take The Offensive - Allow Our  AG Sessions To Declare War On Those "What Abouts" / He's Worthy Of His Hire.
They aren't our elected officials
What about you?
Is this your way of confessing to money laundering while pointing out that two wrongs do make a right?
How about the billions given from around the world to get favors from our gov, refusing to protect our dipolmats in countries we destroyed
@DaPhenomenal01 deflect, deflect, deflect, why take ownership of your own actions? Deflecting is so much easier!
They should be in prison, not running for offices.
How about you and Jeff Sessions getting on that? We are tired of Dems getting away with murder.  Where is  justice??
.
Ur the boss; investigate it!
.
#DoIt
#LockThemUp 
.
HELLOOOOO! Is anyone listening?????
How many times do we have to say it.
Dems have proven they can break the law & get way with it.
WHY?????
I
Just shut up! Seriously. U are an embarrassment.
The trump message is don't you dare judge me, at least not until you have judged others as infinitude.
"But Mommy, Joey did it, too...." Sheesh, you sound like a 6 yr old. GROW UP, for Pete's sake.
This needs to be checked out Republicans! Why aren't you standing up and speaking out?
1) Clinton isn't the POTUS, you are.
2) It's amazing you DON'T realize this and you are still talking about @HillaryClinton #getagrip #loser
must start these investigations & communicate findings frequently, until indictments and full outcome is reached
Hmm, last time I looked, YOU are the prez, not the clintons, dems, or Russians...ACT LIKE IT!!
Fire him and appoint an non partisan
It's your DOJ! Instruct them to open investigations immediately.
Amazing how the media and Clintons ass kissers don't want to tell the truth and go after her. #hillaryforprison
Yes, reopen the investigation into HRC and their foundation. Biggest crooks and scandle in political history! Do it today!
In 1915 the Supreme Court ruled that accepting a pardon is an admission of guilt. #ImpeachTrump #FakePresident #NotMyPresident
We need some Special Councils.
Projection.  Projection.  Projection.
Someone had to help you spell it, since you don't know the difference between council and counsel
Wow, someone must have advised you on how to spell uranium.  President Bannon?
What about your collusion w/the Russians to win the election. I bet Don Jr gave money to the money launderer for services rendered.
Double Standard
Yes indeed. The Justice Dept needs to investigate this.
Have Jeff put them ALL in jail.
Their not Republicans, therefore it's not illegal
You are officially the only person still talking about Podesta.
Democrats are hubris aholes
When are you going to do something about it?
Where's our Justice Dept?  We do have one, don't we?
As we were taught as children: "Two wrongs don't make a right"! Also, we all know life is unfair, isn't it?
Deflection yet again, but we won't be distracted from your lies, treason and swamp monsters spinning.
The campaign is over Donald, you are the hacklected POTUS, you can't hide behind Hillary anymore. Hillary is out of the picture.
Why aren't they being put under investigation?!!!
G20 two years ago
Your right. Get em honey
What about you being a traitor?
So true
Hey why have you not called me
I can help you
"MOM! So what if I burned down the house, johnny down the street broke the window!"
