Honor to the vet. None to you.
Thank you Mr. McCloughan for your brave service! Thanks POTUS for honoring him!
Really?
How about Our Veterans that protect water from businessman like you in StandingRock?

You are out of Line saying WE THE PEOPLE because  most of the country loves our president  and plan to keep him.

The resemblance is UNCANNY!
I think people still can't believe he won! How long will it take them to get it that we sent him to do a job and he is doing it! Jeez
My Care Sick Brother Joseph said for somebody who's trying to make things better for every body their just trying to make it harder for him.
Caregiver to my Brother and his three children, one 29 yrs old with Autism too...feels everyone should acknowledge Mr.Trump with respect!
Since you signed that Russian Sanction bill, will #putin allow you to carry his johnson in your lips
Donald Trump Signs Russia Sanctions Bill He Calls 'Significantly Flawed'
donnie....Did you lie about the Boy Scouts calling you to praise your horrible speach??...the Boy Scouts donnie..sad




Exactly.  He hired the Mooch to get rid of Spicer and Priebus.  He's a total sissy bitch baby in every possible way.
LIAT.
Sign that sanction bill yet?  Didn't think so. Carry on.
Guess he's not transgender.. You're ridiculed in the 
Good thing he was never captured amirite @SenJohnMcCain ?
You are doing the exact opposite.  You are killing our freedom and harming our comrades!
If you want to do America a favor, then RESIGN!!
It's only a matter of time before the Pee Pee tape is released!
How old are you?
They disrespect or warriors becuz they act like children, prolly pre teens with no supervision.
Good thing he didn't have BONE SPURS.

Real Americans don't bow down to anyone and neither does Our President Trump!  We Will Not be Ignorant and Compliant! NO Socialism 
RT if you love Obama
RT if you love Trump
He has down more for this country the eny other president I'm very happy with him
can you write me a note telling my boss I can not come to work this weekend??
I find it interesting that you chose to use the word "comrades", comrade.  You get more Russian ever day!
Was it John McCain?
You don't have the right to lick his shoes , you traitor! You and your entire family needs to be sent to prison or shipped off to Russia
Too bad Gen Kelly didn't present. Sorry it came from a draft dodger. Bone spurs my fn ass!
Our comrades? You sound Russian @realDonaldTrump
Thank you to all the White House ushers, butlers, maids, chefs, florists, gardeners, plumbers, engineers & curators for all you do every day
Wow Obama never loved the vets you're the best president!! Better than that washed up George Washington 
big words by someone who was not man enough and did not have the balls to serve.  You're a disgrace to this country
FINALLY!! I wonder if this new law applies to all heroes that saved multiple lives??? Dose anyone know???
"Comrades"? What country is this?
Pinned on by #DraftDodger  who can't answer which foot has the mythical bone spur& who, when chips are down,rescues self?
Why haven’t you signed the Russia sanction bill yet?
It automatically becomes law after five days whether or not he signs it.
Yes, but why isn't HE endorsing it? What's he afraid of? (HINT: He's afraid of upsetting Putin)
I don't think he's afraid of anything. Maybe you want him to be afraid of Putin?
Being President is hard work. He's doing a fantastic job. I'm really proud of him.
Maybe you and I have different definitions of work. He's accomplished quite a lot. Couldn't be happier about it, I love him.
*you're* the dump
Speaking of dumps
WE AMERICAN PPL TAXPAYERS PATRIOTS LOVE UPRESIDENT TRUMPABSOLUTELY U R MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.#MAGA
Also: Patriots can dislike and disapprove Donald Trump.

You liked and retweeted your non-original image! Lol. At least when I retweet my own tweet it's a great and original joke! 
Ju is another bot
Looks like it.
WE SUPPORT OUR TROOPS!!
BLUE LIVES MATTER!!
black lives matter,brown lives matter all lives. Matter unless your a Trump supporter

One Of These Is Not Like The Others,
One Of These Doesn't Belong 

#DrainTheSwamp

…
#DrainTheSwamp

2013 #McCain TALKS Retirement Says He Doesn't Want To Become

...wait for it…
https://twitter.com/DonnaWR8/status/889951064107212800 … #MAGA #BenedictMcCain #RepealOrBeReplaced
"We are not the President's subordinates; we are his equals" -McCain

Um....NO!…

BUSTED

Republicans Who KILLED  Obamacare…

.@POTUS #Trump & #AG Sessions

Time To Take ACTION to #MAGA. This is a #DeepState leftovers WITCH HUNT.

…
https://twitter.com/DonnaWR8/status/879627662217666561 …

#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #TRUMP
Can YOU Guess Who LEAKEDThe FAKE #Russia @POTUS #Trump Dossier To #Comey?

None other than #SOROS Funded John McCain!

…
All he will be remembered for is being a traitor,





This  is respect. The military respects our @POTUS, just the opposite of our last administration


Semper Fi?
At ease?
Hoorah?
Thanks youngin
Too bad you don't know the name of a soldier your supposed to honor. Resign please.
live on city;Im is buy  worlk.
Yes we need to thank them more...
President Donald Trump Daca is a hope for the country because they will be the professional futures
Did you say Comrades?
You're such a phony! Stop acting like you're all pro-military when you're really a draft dodger  who's only out for yourself! #conman #liar
They did a valuable tasks
Was that a tribute for Bob Mueller delivered by a guy who is miraculously cured from bone spurs???
Why won't you visit the troops in active combat zones, the same way every modern president before you has done?
Unlike u and your entire generation, who NEVER served...

I always love seeing people get the medal of honor that earned it.
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our…...
Maybe all you people that don't like Trump and the way he's running this country maybe y'all need to leave and go to Russian live
President Donald Trum he loves the military
Honoring u helps offset those who fight tooth & nail 2
Dishonor our flag&anthem&demand they b able 2do this whereever they please,Thanks2U
God bless our President Trump! And our Vets! Troops! America!
#Trump claims #Mexico's President #Nieto called him to praise border work, Nieto denies calling Trump. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/mexican-president-nieto-denies-ever-calling-trump-to-praise-border-work … #LiarInChief
Wow the President of Mexico and the Boy Scouts forgot they talked to Trump. Hmmm.
In the end, he is rather forgettable. Let's prepare for damnatio when he is done in office...
This thread is about honoring veterans to bad liberals are slime balls who hate America
what?
Great Honor to former  Specialist Five James C. McCloughan
yes he looks so honored doesn't he?
Yes @kelsieGriggs
I guess it's a good thing you aren't a facial recognition expert huh? ;)
True it's a good @KelsieGriggs
Funny coming from a "man" who avoided the draft because of bone spurs. Omg...disgrace!!!

Let's see Princess you've congratulated 1 MoH recipient. And insulted 2 Looks like u need 2 more to break even @BigBlueFan1949
#TrumpRussia
You're very weak
Something you know nothing about!

Yeah well he obviously wasn't honored to have met you.
May all Veterans receive Medicaid! Not expensive assos healthcare!
Did you get a chance to talk about yourself?  Now...your tax returns, emoluments & Russia collusion. DonTheCon
True hero
Unlike you did.  Mr. Draft Dodger
Great vet. Best vet. Cured my cats sniffles. This is the vetting I've been talking about but the Fake News keeps getting it wrong. Sad!
What an amazing vet!  Too bad you are the loser to bestow this honor upon him. Only a true patriot should be allowed to do that. #sad
Thank you President Trump!
RESINGE you FAKE FAKE MANN..
MR COFEVE

WHAT A WONDERFUL MOMENT..  LATE .. BUT WONDERFUL.. TY FOR CARING ABOUT OUR SOLDIERS... . BLESS U !   you make God smile!!!  :)
Hi my name is Jules Suzdaltsev I'm one of those idiots that's lives in a city that survives on fake news and corrupt bankers.. I'm clueless
To bad for the veteran he had to get it from a 5 deferment coward
All caps signals spam.
My dad served in the army. he wasn't at high status but he could sure make a good bed bouncing a coin off was fun
A medal given to a hero by a coward
wish you would take that bastard John McCain's medial away from his. He is a traitor now and then
if U had only served instead of dodging the draft-scardy cat-
your so fake, did you have a convocation with your imaginary friend again. Well at lest he fought for us, unlikeU U dodger
President trump i want to say a one of things one show the world we are are not going to keep protecting them from there problems we are don
Comrades? This isn't the Russian Military!  I know UR confused with mental illness and dementia so please have Gen. Kelly read your tweets.
Do you need a loan .Contact us via Email: hmloans2@gmail.com
And he would have been honored to have received it from a POTUS who didn't dodge the war in which he became a hero.
Time to dump McMaster yet?  How much damage has to be done, before the swamp will be drained?
Chicken hawk draft evader. You should be ashamed but  you have no HONOR
because it's all they're letting you do now this General has whipped you into shape Go Kelly
Now take his healthcare away & dump on the trash pile with all the rest #healthcareforvets #draftdodger #oaf
I wonder what this guy thought getting a medal from a Draft Dodger. I'll bet he wished he'd been awarded this by a more honorable person
@POTUS @VP Please sign executive order to make Hemp legal in all states. This will add millions of jobs. Save billions of trees.
Patriots are lefts greatest enemy. Let's start a movement to counter the lies of those who want America vanished into globalism!!!
#ICYMI 
#Resistance  
@realDonaldTrump
@WhiteHouse
#LazyFakePresident 
#PhonyPotusRealTraitor
#TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed 
#DonTheCon
OMG NUM NUMS GRAVY PACKETS ME LIKE DEMS GRAVY PACKETS GIMME GIMME NOW NUM NUMS!!!
So I hear that you are a weak president, no doubt and so now you have a boss,  Kelly is your boss, maybe you should resign now!
I'm not sure if you are aware that there are Muslim chaplains in charge of some military Christian? Change this please!
Did you really just use the word comrade?  Resign!
No one else sees the irony in choosing the word "comrades?"
Did you really say "comrades?!"
Comrades...too much collusion with Russia...Comrade @realDonaldTrump .
Yes, it must have been weird for you. They actually exist. Not in your circle but they do exist.
When are you APOLOGIZING to @JohnMcCain
Omg!! Your tiny lil hands have no right to touch that metal. You are a draft dodger, liar, bigot...#TRUMPASS
How ironic. Trump the draft dodger awarding the medal of honor.
brainless zombies are your specialty sir. Pigs recognizing Pigs.
Comrade? Really?.....
Because my grandfather a WW2 vet always referred to fellow soldiers as comrades....NEVER
Interesting you used the word "comrades"
Comrades - nice choice of words.
Sad it had to be a low life who avoided military service to bestow the honor.
Something you got 5 deferments to avoid.
I feel sorry he had to recieve it from a draft dodger, liar, TRAITOR IN CHIEF and sexual deviant.
I believed In your leadership , thank you so much.
God bless our Veterans!!
Everyone knows you do not respect anybody but yourself
You touching that medal tarnishes it meaning.

You mean as long as that veteran wasn't captured? Since you made it clear you have no respect for ALL veterans, only some. You're pathetic.
did you ask for his metal?

He is such a biggit
And we're STILL WAITING for your APOLOGY to @senjohnMcCain for your INSULTING comments during your campaign
Liar
No bone spurs, huh? Resign.
Hmmm, interesting.  He passes your 'hero' test, but Sen. McCain didn't.
He looked like he would've rather received that medal from a legitimate president like Obama...
HYPOCRITE!
So Awesome!
You sully his name by speaking it. You can honor or pay tribute to no one. You defile all you touch.
Unfortunately for the veteran he had to get it from a 5 deferment coward
Why did it take so long to honor this Hero? Something is broken with the system
From the hands of a Coward and a draft dodger.
"Comrades"?  So wrong on so many levels
Yea, I guess you slamming McCain, saying it was his own fault he got caught, remember you jerk!!!!!!
Something you know nothing about

Unless you have been in war, instead of mcdonalds,  your words mean nothing. None spurs, right! A disgrace to my country.
It was suppose to say Bone spurs, which is why trump said he couldn't go in the military.

Beautiful!
WELL DESERVED!!! 
Beautiful Speech you gave Honoring him too! 
Yet you & your sons were /are in the pockets of the enemy! Comrade!
0
Aaj khaane me kyaa khaa rahe baba???
How did he feel meeting a draft dodger?
Yeah about time someone said something about people dying for corporate wars
Was it also a great honor for you to insult a war hero @SenJohnMcCain and the family of a fallen Muslim soldier?
He did that while you were hiding from the draft you coward
This man is a true hero and a great American. How unfortunate for him that it was presented by a traitor and a truly abhorrent American.
I still remember when you shit on a gold star mother and shit on John McCain for being captured, so stop pretending you care about vets.
