you made an ass out of yourself.  Putin is happy.  You were a good puppet.
I'm glad you shoved "Mr. Montenegro" outta the way. Who the hell wants to see him in the front of the pic, when USA is footing the bill?
NATO doesn't owe us anything. The treaty is not a transaction. It's an agreement. Each party decides what amount  to contribute.
And not enough are ponying up. And u know that. That's bullshit. First sign of trouble, they call America. Pay their share seems fair
Each cntry shld pay fair share. But guideline is 2% of eco. output . Some are under that. But not required, only suggested by NATO treaty
If they'd all just pony up 2% we could really build up more worldly strength, and we could be better able to kick ass when needed. Like now
Has Trump done anything wrong since he became president? Anything you disagreed with?
Sure. A lot.
And both concepts are "poison" to leftists.
I  our president.
Such a refreshing welcome after 8 years of total appalled humiliation every time Obama spoke to _anyone_.
One example please?
BO's speeches 2 UN when he criticized America. Didn't u hear any of them? It was appalling & disheartening. Diametric opposition 2 Pres T.
You points are well taken and true Therese! But here is _another_ little leftie ankle-biting troll account, with 8 faux "followers." Block!
Thanx, Chris. Blocked.
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. #NATOMeeting #NATO ...
True and America resolves to empeach you
Today he can read without looking Stupid, until you shoved that guy - douche
wow.  Did Putin write that speech for you?  You certainly did him a big service, but were an embarrassment for US.
Fantastic job when you arrive at home must stop leaks drain the swamp fire all Obomber staff must GO! STOPLEAKS
So fake he doesn't care about any 1.This is an excuse 2 bash Muslim. No balls so he'll wait till he gets home 2 talk his 
Montenegro leader should have pushed you back, tough guy.
How far does your memory go back?
Just stop already. It was supposed to be a great day. You ruin everything you touch. #UnitedStatesOfEmbarrassment
Thank you for confronting the 20ish members that are not meeting the minimum 2 percent. You are the best President in my life time.
This is a nightmare. When will it be over. They guy is not qualified on all levels. Embarrassing.
way to go Trump! really turnin things around. its never too late 2 better urself. keep up the good work!
Build the wall
1/ LOL nobody likes you. #PopeFrancis
Quite the opposite. Don't believe the lib media narrative. Didn't go on an apology tour either unlike Barry.
Even in your new banner photo, Pope Francis looks annoyed. When the Forgiver in Chief thinks you're a goon, maybe take a moment to reflect.
resign
And pushing our allies physically???
Vicente Fox hit the nail on the head.
Supporting a former world leader over our current President?  WOW!
Trumpers supporting Russia over America. WOW!
#NATO #NATOmeeting
Updated #NATO #NATOmeeting
.......................THE PLAYBOYS WERE NOT PAYING ?   ..........;;;;;;
...and don't forget shoving people out of the way.

The great president of the great state.

I'm sorry I didn't see your ceremony. I was enjoying watch President Obama and the German Chancellor meeting in Berlin.. That's presidential
Why does #ivanka who cares so much about childcare like Hilliary have nannies that look like my mom?

https://gstreetjewels.com/about/ 
Shoving people out of the way to be in front for a picture? What is wrong with you?
Hire someone to find these leakers.
You look exhausted. Better quit now.

What a waste of fabric.
SIDING WITH YOUR RUSSIAN PALS BY NOT FULLY SUPPORTING NATO. YOU KNOW LESS ABOUT WORLD POLITICS THAN ANY PRESIDENT IN ANY COUNTRY!!
Go Trump!!!!!
9
This is the scene in St Ann's Square in Manchester remembering the victims and all those traumatised by Monday nights bombing #together
Obama illegally spied on Americans for years.  Where's the special prosecutor?
#PutinsBoy #BoughtByPutin
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP 
You SHOVED another NATO member out of the way just so you could be first for the photos. You're a disgrace.
45 is in the city he called a "hellhole" pretending to be a steady commander-in-chief. Nope. He's a weak global leader.
1. Trump doesn’t know foreign policy, history, geography. Treatened to leave NATO, called Belgium "beautiful city," etc.
2. Trump keeps stepping in his own , can’t get away from chaos. Creating tumultuous environment helps enemies thrive.
3. Trump is a fake bully who backs down from tougher thugs (Putin, Duterte, Erdogan). Obama didn't kiss dictator ass.
4. Trump praised Duterte's sicko drug war, told him classified location of US subs. Admin leaking so much the UK is upset.
5. Trump’s attempted travel ban paired with bigoted anti-Muslim rhetoric have probably been best ISIS recruiting tools yet.
6. The Donald is still connected to vast business interests around the globe. Compromises his ability to be objective.
7. Nicole Kushner Meyer, Jared’s sis, was in China hawking fast-tracked green cards for $500K. Trump admin for sale?
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 Impeachment/25th
 REMOVAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3DT8-7hNk …
 #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #resist 
#CivilWar
Dear Trump supporter, you are right. I admit it. 
You can always spot the Russian bots a mile away spamming the same YT links trying to undermine American interests.This one and WillyLeShill
This one is just here for the kids . He is the lowest of the low .POS

MSM is the only reason she's not in jail
That and the fact there was nothing to indict over. 
It's not over yet.  Also did you know Obama is going to be under investigation as well.  Yep, breaking news, he was caught ...
Illegally spying on Americans, violation of the fourth amendment.  Get ready for the Investigations.
Wrong!
Lol. You wish, but you can google it.  Circia broke the story yesterday.
Saw you in court - and you lost. Again! #TravelBan
Considering it was another GOP idiot  when 9/11 happened.....
OUTSIDER?  have u seen who has appointed? That's priceless! U WERE DUPED!
He does look like he's been around forever. Ancient and doesn't look good. Very low energy!

You are fkin kidding me. I'd choose Nixon or Bush Jnr over him any day.
I hear the guy you endorsed Gianforte is assulting people. That totally sounds like this administration, you assult our intelligence
Welcome to the trump administration, where facts don't matter and lying and hurtin your constituents gets you further ahead.
It is nice to finally serve under a President I actually respect. It was 8 years of hell under the previous loser. It's Great Now!!
What was it like for you under Obama? What did he do to you? Genuine question. I'm from a wealthy family so I was shielded from much of this
Double deployments, no money for maintenance, lost standing in the world. Also his beast of a wife cursed a naval vessel twice!!
USS ILLINOIS only ship in USN to be christened before her launch due to conflicts w chewbacca's vacay schedule. & she didn't break bottle.
We need to scuttle it before it claims another life. Even a landlubber like me knows an unbroken bottle is bad luck.
Then the WASHINGTON AND COLORADO also need to be scuttled. Ray mabus' daughters didn't play softball. If you know what I mean.
She's not a lesbian?  I kid I kid. I hear you! I love watching videos of scuttles. Also great SCUBA!
Unfortunately we don't scuttle these ships. That whole nuclear power plant thing.
Donald, you're a real leader <3
You did nothing but embarrassed us once again. All the members of nato were  laughing at u during your speach.

#loosernato Pay your fair share! US needs to withhold payments until #NATO free loaders pay
Its amazing that you don't understand how NATO works. You r a fool to lecture these leaders. They are laughing at u.Don't insult allies!

You do realize that Russia is part of NATO?
So what military branch did you serve with.... oh wait.
Yes people will definitely remember the way you acted today
You actually physically pushed a leader of another country out of the way to get in front. You are a rude, uncouth ass of a man & POTUS. Sad
22 out of 28 don't pay the 2%, yet take in millions of refugees to support have open Boarders ignoring the safety of their people .PAY yr2%
Are you actually able to make a speech of your own without reading the words verbatim that have been drafted for you?
Don't forget to insult our only allies
We love our President

How much do you owe Russia? How much do you owe Russia? How much do you all Russia? How much do you owe Russia? How much do you owe Russia?
#اعزم_البشير_شو
Sean Spicer is a Catholic and you did Not let him meet the Pope? It is all about You all the time
AARP's weekly email warns me about your health care bill to worry about the cuts to Medicaid.
God speed to you Melania Ivanka and Jarred. Barron and the rest of us need you. Hillary is on the crazy train. hope it takes her to hell.
U do better when billionaire autocrats fete u than when our allies host u. U lecture NATO on funding; no word to sheiks on funding terror!!
embarrassment!
While I'm glad you're enjoying your time in the beautiful city of Belgium.  I hope the spring bird song masked some of the laughter
You're the biggest embarrassment that this country has ever had!!! Mentally disturbed little man
Look at those faces. No one looks like they're wanting to hear your Neanderthal speaking.
That was quite an event.
Thank you for your Russian service, Donald.
Made a fool of yourself & that's ok but you won't continue to make fools of US! Feign illness, good job setting that up by the way, and GO
Thank you Mr President for defending Americas interest!! Loved your speech!!!
Refreshing to have a President who puts America First.
You behaved like a little child in kindergarten. The world is watchin you.
I especially enjoyed watching the members of NATO laughing at you.
This is exactly why we Trump!! 
Trump letting the PM know his roll. @PrisonPlanet @Rambobiggs 

You made a fool of yourself and disrespected everyone. They were all snickering behind their hands, if not openly. Embarrassed to beAmerican
#failingPOTUS should either find a staffer who understands NATO or just keep quiet. Made a fool of himself lecturing NATO leaders. Ignorant.
What an idiot. Embarrassment for USA
Today is a day of resolve to repeal and replace Trump!!
Ah but for your FAKE SPURS!
Yes, America will remember your slap in the face to our closest allies.
You had no right to this. #ManchesterBombing was UK soil. Only #UK has right to stand up and request a moment silence at #NATO or anywhere 
Russiagate.
How RUDE are you?!?You acted like a bully at NATO so all the world could see yr idiotic, typically narcissistic, rude behavior!Unbelievable!
you should be outlawed
Lecturing other national leaders in public like they're children is not helpful. You continue to work hard to make enemies out of friends.
TRUMP STOP revealing the country intelligence
Please stop embarrassing us. Please stop being a hypocrite as well. Figured it couldn't hurt to ask.
Thank you Sir.  They needed to hear that.  A few appear cocky, do not give them foreign aid.
It wasn't a good speech. Sounds like he wants to form an alliance with Russia against the West.
You were a complete embarrassment to our Country.....
you must stop with your tweets PLEASE!!! They will be your downfall
#ReleaseYourTaxes
Dear mr trump humanity and the galactics need leaders to address the truth to the masses we are not alone in the universe and our nuclear
Tensions on earth effects their galaxies their homes their lives please mr trump care about the galactics I beg you they matter
It's the day you let our allies down! You did not recognize all of the sacrifices that all of them and us made!
What's not fair is paying our taxes for you to go golfing constantly!
Finally America has a real man in the top position as President! It will send a strong message to all the elite and cohorts that Trump is it
You were a complete embarrassment to the US and are a mockery to our US allies.
And you screwed it up by making your ridiculous speech. You really don't have a clue do you???
Pushy princess needed to be front and center to best show off his goiter
All of the sour puss faces are like children being caught doing something wrong; happy you called them on their crap!
International embarrassment
Oh it seemed your speech was about alienating our allies.
BODY LANGUAGE SHOUTS THAT THEY HATE YOU & YOUR MESSAGE
Names of TROOLLs William before, Adam now, perhaps tomorrow David, maybe Devil next.. who knows!
what resolve? You didn't reaffirm your commitment to NATO. Liar.
#TrumpRussia #TRUMP #NutJob #GOP #DEMS #LGBTQ 
They literally laughed at you.
tell them how many bankruptcies you have had. Seems ridiculous to be lecturing about money
You started out well then you unraveled and started scolding these distinguished leaders. Should have been done after this ceremony. #Timing
you are right about that!  we will never forget how badly u made us look.
BEST PART: 5:43 when the other world leaders start whispering behind your back and are laughing at you, Stupid.
NOBODY LIKES YOU.
Divert attention from Jared .... I don't think so! You so funny! 
Punk. Mean old senile PUNK.
ABSOLUTE WORST SPEECH EVER!!
Too bad you managed to forget that when giving that embarrassing speech to our allies. #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45
You are a bully and a laughing stock. You embarrassed us all.
Leaders Appear to Snicker as Trump Calls on NATO Allies to Pay Their 'Fair Share'
you are an embarrassment to this great nation.  Go away!
you're really not trained in diplomatic talking ... you'll be a single player in future ! with your words, you'll  isolate USA
You are an embarrassment and a disaster! Please resign! Your representing us is destroying our country!
#FAIL
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation
DUMP NATO they waste time money more then the UN-bunch-o-grifters need a wake up call-no more FUNDS 4ur good times thieves
NATO is corrupt and has been working against the US for years .
The countries you are praising are the very ones who will hurt us. Are you a communist or what?
Where NATO and resolve are concerned Mr President, Art 5 is paramount. An attack on one is an attack on all.
Why did you skip mentioning it?
You pissed off our friends. Bad behavior on your report.
I'm praying with you. God save the innocent! Take mercy upon the misled and guide us to find everlasting peace on your amazing earth! Amen
You failed to support article 5. Your NATO appearance is only that.
Excellent Speech
This was horrible
And the world was laughing at you.
@POTUS No right call moment silence @NATO for #ManchesterBombing Was #UK soil not USA. UK call NOT you cashing in on others tragedy -again 
As a Brit I'm not in the least offended - actually thank him for his firm stance against islam
I'm offended. You don't speak for me.
likewise
Why shake hands so aggressively? Everything you do to look tough, cool, or successful makes you look like an immature weak loser.
What are we going to drain?  Crickets.....When are we going to drain it?....Crickets...How are we going to drain it? with a shovel?
Seriously Donald Trump, how many more of your poorly delivered cluster bombs can your nation take? Nation and wife .. Divorce proceedings?!
One disgusting ignoramus trying to represent us. NO WAY!
You are shameful!
Please don't come back to my country.
