Please continue to stand strong for Jeff Sessions and your mission to make America Great Again.
Fox is fake news.
if the president of the United States of America can't say anything negative about  Putin that's a problem.
Trump likes to fight, to confront people, to make personal attacks. Why is he so nice to Putin?
because Donald Trump is a COWARD! He picks on the little people
I agree with you on that too.
So much energy wasted on bashing, instead of supporting, our President. Sad!! #soreloosers
Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!...
Great speech Mr President Malania looked beautiful critics jealous of her
Every body knows Fox is "fair and balanced"- in the extreme.
#ClusterFuck management in @WhiteHouse
JUST REMEMBER THE SNAKE POEM BILL IS LIAR @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch MILLIONS SUPPORT YOU MR @POTUS #TrumpArmy
I'm sure you'll be full of "good words".
what more lies and alternative facts good thing u have fox to spew your lies!!!!

my ass smells like cottage cheese
No one will be watching you.

He still lost the popular vote by over 2.8 million. xoxo
Throw out Hillary's rigged voters I doubt it.
Wrong. No facts back up this false claim. xoxo
She lost.
fake
great
Falcons by 13
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) * * * *
f*** the Super Bowl. F*** Lady Gaga fix the f****** country!
no thanks, I will pass. Don't give this guy the ratings
CNN just aired a clip where you put Russia on equal footing as the US. I voted for you. But I'm done now
@MelissaJPeltier @oreillyfactor You voted for a TRAITOR! A lover of FASCISM! You should be smacked for that!
You haters going to hate. I can't change that
Trump NEVER cared about anyone but himself! He is the disease to our veterans too! Disgraceful!
I'm a Vet 22 years 11B US Army. Where did you serve?
They didn't serve to have a piece of crap fascist like Trump hand us over to Russia!
No one is handing us to Russia. Have faith. The Constitution will prevail
Well, if it doesn't revolution will remove the disease, for certain! We won't go quietly!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Bad interview. @POTUS sounds like he governing based on prejudices not sound reasoning.
sorry, avoid watching you
PEACE THE RESISTANCE WITH SOCIOECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT TO THE PEOPLE! NO GOVT FUNDING, JUST CIVIC INVEST GROUP
I want to know who is giving you such bad advice @WhiteHouse
I would more enjoy watching you get your face slammed into a table by The Terminator. Preferably repeatedly.

in n out is FINALLY coming to HOUSTON!! Yay!
We will definitely not enjoy.
Sorry I'll be rearranging my sock drawer then.
Fox, the ultimate in FAKE NEWS.
you lost the popular vote though 
good thing it wasn't a popularity contest.
I'm just sayin.....he lost the popular vote 
yep, to all the freaks & illegals in california.  Need a good eartquake to shake that shithole off our country.
I'm in Texas so go ahead and include us in that LOL! He lost Dallas Houston San Antonio El Paso AND Austin
yep the urban areas where the pond scum accumulates.
i think trump won like what 80% of the country geog, where the real people live who work and believe in god
I come from "real people" country, and I absolutely cannot stand the man.
nope!
If you're given the questions in advance and Bannon tells you what to say is it still an interview?
looking forward to it, Mr. President.
Fox is banned in our household because it was always fake news & promoted racism. Ask Canada & u are too.
gross.
I rather eat glass.
Trump, lacking sufficient intelligence, okayed a raid that killed a US Navy Seal as well as 15 Yemeni women and children.
 @realDonaldTrump
. That just shows how idiotic you lefters really are. That mission was from Obama and held off until later.
that's how ignorant you are. Obama didn't want to do that specific mission. Read or something please. Can't blame Obama!
. Only ignorant people say foolish things like this. Obama administration approved the mission then put it on hold. STOP LYING...
no they didn't. Alt facts. Wrong. Trump responsible. On his and president bannon watch
. FAKE NEWS AND LIED. I JUST POSTED THE TRUE STORY. STOP LYING AND YOU ARE NOT VERY WELL EDUCATED IF YOU CAN'T EVEN READ TRUTH.
putting it in all caps still doesn't change your alt-facts.
trying to capitalize the tv w a hard hitting interview, I see
FAKE NEWS FROM FAKE JOURNALISTS ABOUT A FAKE PRESIDENT #ImpeachTrump #Resistance #NotMyPresident #Youlose
no thanks, I don't like hearing lies and stupidity
Will be glad to watch Mr.President and Mr.O'Reilly
What millions of people would “enjoy” is seeing you resign for lying about releasing your tax returns.
go away
Extreme vetting? How about extreme vetting for PRESIDENTS! Tax returns! REAL Medical! #muslimban #DonaldTrump #USA
should include psychological test.
Did you ask him about Ukraine?
.@realDonaldTrump: Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!

prove it, show me executive order. With your fake news
It's called google. You know the thing you use to search for information you don't know.
I feel so sorry for you all, you are a hateful sad group, I'm so glad he won't last as pres
ok
Thank you for your concern.If u have nothing 2 offer 2 the argument don't comment.
incompetent so called President.
still waiting for all these so-called celebrities to move to Canada. All talk, as usual.
, Putin could shoot our troops on 5th Ave & he still would have your support & you'll still ease sanctions.
I gag when I see you
even Bill's concerned for you, SAD.
"CNN’s Jim Sciutto called Trump’s comments “virtually identical” to the moral relativism that he hears come
he is getting paid well!!
Still the Putin fanboy? What does he have on you? You know damn well that we'll find out. #IllegitimatePresidency #impeach
whatever dude
Nope.
oh I wish I had seen this!  I love to watch President Trump speak.
- Nobody cares, nobody watched - low ratings. SAD :-(
Fascist Fox Network
Fox is the mouthpiece of the dictatorship of trump everyone knows this
your team is losing just like you
Does anyone else think it's bananas that the POTUS constantly degrades this country and our citizens? #grrr

where u made a stupid, ignorant statement comparing America to Russian totalitarian regime.  U make me sick!
do you ever read or just tweet
Trump, you told us once again how much disregard you have for AMERICA!!
boohoo!
you are an embarrassment to America . . .big league
Fight. THE Good FIght We Love You
This Russian relationship is killing your great work on tax reform for cooperation and jobs.
DONT WASTE TIME WATCHING @realDonaldTrump WITH @oreillyfactor SINCE HEs TURNED N2 PIMP 4TRUMP. GO 2OTHER NETWORKS EXPOSING TRUTH @amjoyshow
I will be at the Boeing plant hope to see ya
