Whoever wrote that for you should be our President.
As long as in resisting terrorists you don't adopt their ways eg "going after their families" and "waterboarding and a hell of a lot worse".
TRUMP WAS GOD SENT.. 

N GOD WE TRUST
Ivana, Marla, Melania hates you and so do we, defeat that EVIL!
R u back to tweeting again? Ur NATO friends not invite u to the party
You are right@Donald J. Trump
God bless You President Trump. We the People of the united States of America are with You Sir. #MAGA
Hillary mocking u today indict her
About defeating the greatest evil to the American people which is you in the oval office maybe you should go back-to Russia
Terrorism.
You dont half do your job right
You have personally caused more terror, fear & anxiety than any one group or organization. You have access to more weapons. You are insane.
You got you phone back, I see.
"It's more complicated than I thought". And so is healthcare. Well, golly jeepers, Don, so is dealing illegally with the Russians. Shucks!
Wise words from an ignorant who thinks himself wise.
The federal judges that ruled against the travel ban put millioms of Americans at risk and jeparidezed our national security. Shameful!
We need strong borders and no sanctuary cities. The leftist liberals are ruining our country and we cannot afford to tolerate it any longer!
Today is the start of Ramadan - when the most terror attacks per year occur
Isnt this #hate now?.... whats the diffrence btwn you and #Terrorists  not #muslims but #terrorist!!
Prov.11.14
Where there is no counsel, the people fall; But in the multitude of counselors there is safety.
"Where there is money, so shall you find white christians with guns and piety"
No problem..we're workin on it now..so in 18 we,ll get out and vote Blue..gotta send your Russian buddies in the House home.
So you decide to broker a $100 billion arms deal with the nation that supplied 15 of 19 of the 9/11 attackers? Arming terrorists, big win.
how about not selling them 100B in guns then k thanks
Their not our Enemy!  And they need stuff to protect their selfs
*they're and themselves...sad!
Mr T, Is it ok 4 American Paitriots 2 take over Congress's job, getting rid of terror in America. Or should we wait 4 Sessions 2 clean house
BC SESSIONS IS DOING A FANOMANAL JOB SO FAR. BUT TO LET YOU KNOW, WE HAVE YOURS AND AMERICA'S BACK.
Stop giving them money, it works every time.  #jobvalidation
https://twitter.com/TxCzechGirl/status/868056635125768192/photo/1pic.twitter.com/wEP2Mu32in 






If by make America unAmerican,sure. #Idolatry is not #Patriotic. Don't wave a when your allegiance is not to the republic
We must attack ideologies. Meme them as losers
That HAS to include liberals!
The irony is that you wrote this from Sicily. Where authorities have never been able to quell evil organizations.
You see my orange cupcake, I just don't think you're smart enough to beat these guys because that is going to take a selfless nature.
You are more likely to give daddy Vladdy a rim job, than to do something that is truly self sacrificing.... let's talk about bone spurs 

Eeeeyyy like a teenage girl on Perez Hilton, Philip is FIRST, bitchezzz! 
48% approval rating. 

Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
#POTUSAbroad #USA 
Lock them up. There's a lot of them
Oh you mean the GOP Healthcare Bill? Yeah it's pretty bad.
. No worse than forcing people to pay more, so that others get free health care. I don't get free health care...
You seem like a real nice guy Bill.
You are enabling the terrorists with your hateful rhetoric!
Obama and  Hillary worked veyr hard to organzie ISIS to take down Assad all for the goal of plunging the ME into chaos and destruction. Big Barry O is a Muslim and was  an illegal president . But thats my view. Thank God for the right to speak our minds
This is so batshit crazy they could revoke your GED and the trailer park association might vote to evict you. I hope the court has ordered some kind of adult supervision for your basic care.  
Awww  you were triggered for sure. Good Luck. By the way you can disagree that's called Freedom. I would hope you would respect that right and the other rights for the US citizens.
Freedom,of so each does not mean freedom of culpability for the actions spurred on by one's words. That's why there are slander and libel laws. You have the right to your opinion, and all of us have the right to mock you for it. No trigger neccessary.
Yup that is correct
On the day you killed 80 civilians in Syria and the day Pentagon confirmed you killed 100 in Mosul. Stop the wars that spread terror.
Islam is what spreads terror. This evil cult must be purged from the Earth!
And what about white christians?
3 Americans were murdered this past week for standing up to white terrorists.
 
Richard Collins III…
Like white nationalist who raged against Muslim girls on Portland train, then slaughtered Army vet & other American standing against Hate?
I am starting to wonder if I made the right choice when I voted for you President TRump. You are messing with Medicare and my parents need
lol
This pledge means absolutely nothing when you were all smiles with the Saudis, but mean-mugging the leaders of our allies.
Honestly, it seems like Trump and the GOP are more concerned with roughing up the free press than they are terrorists.
Your Muslim travel ban was a "help wanted" sign for ISIS. Not to mention unconstitutional due to religious discrimination.
How do people defend paying for more refugees when CA alone already spends $25B/yr on illegals while homeless vets sleep on the streets? 
There's a strong humanitarian defense. US leads with strength AND decency. Also, California puts more into the treasury than it takes back.
Let's stop pretending Trump cares about the vets. Or anyone but himself. Now trying to rip 23M people -- many veterans -- off healthcare.
Trump puts America First! With 42% US on welfare people need jobs, not  handouts! 1/3 fed welfare goes to CA as dams crumble - UNACCEPTABLE
Like Trump, his supporters seem to struggle w/ #'s. CA = donor state. Can be organized non-payer during Trump admin.
You mean the domestic terrorists who killed people in Maryland and Oregon? Say so, then. Plz protect ALL Americans #domesticterror
I guess that leaves all of the liberals out.
Your silence is deafening on 2 American heroes in Portland murdered by white supremacist terrorist after coming to rescue of 2 Muslim women.
Like I said, not our problem. It is a DNC, SJW problem that Hillary probably will not address or care about either. We Deplorables and Trump
You, Sir, have done more damage to our nation's reputation & well being than all terrorists combined.
#RESIST
You will lead this fight! 
The world needs you to keep us safe!
Be honest he does not care about you if it does not profit trump personally de does not really care, follow the money
Terrorists like the Islamophobe who stabbed three people in Portland this week?
but active action
You are withholding information that is vital to our nations economic well being.  Release your tax returns.
My heart is broken for the Christians who were killed in Egypt. A war on civilization, good vs. evil.  "Christianity is under siege." -DJT
Why do Christian lives matter more than any other life?????
Yup. The guys on the top - two dead, one survivor - confronted the terrorist on the bottom, but you ain't got shit to say about it?
He was a Bernie-supporter, a Dem, so the DNC should handle it. Not your president remember?
He's hot political mess, a white Supremacist, left & right all over the map. Trump needed to call out this *American* terrorist. #AsHeDid
Let Debbie Wasserman Schultz or Obama condemn it. He has his own Shadow Government for liberals who won't accept Trump's lawful presidency.
Some are your followers, one recently showed up in Portland. You are the founder of RAdiCal Trump TerrorISM [RACISM]
I think you should look for the source and the main breeder of terror is Saudi and Their money
Amen
RADICALWHITE AMERICAN MALES are the terrorists we fear most. They walk among us.
Amen! Thanks for leading us and for your willingness to state the obvious. MAGA
This is very true, so you will withdraw your men from Syria?
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront & defeat this evilhttp://45.wh.gov/ard1ny 
Donald j. Trump .l.
Thank You for all you do
Well I know for sure that I survive all this so your welcome to kill each other We the people  im the truth  nobody disputes that  I'll le
i am in a fight against pollution it is up to all who value life to confront and defeat this evil

No part of that is true.  Such fail.  Sad.
Well said.
So then why did you give the Saudis $100billion worth of weapons for them to arm terrorist organizations?
Really?! In the meantime you are giving up our leading the free world with your childish bullshit! We will b in ww3 by the time you are done
THEN WHY DID YOU JUST AGREE TO GIVE THEM $110 BILLION IN WEAPONS?!?
Send the ground troops in then 
is it truth that the U N are trying to take away Americans guns? Got to get rid of Muslims now!!!!
Right on President Trump
Send nudes
Yes, but then you said MAGA, and that puts you on the side of the enemy to the patriots...
Well said. You certainly are engaged in a war against civilization - you're an ignorant boor.
Not surprised left & media are silent that Afghans got slaughter by Islamist attack. But @POTUS?
: "Wherever innocent blood is spilled, a wound is inflicted upon humanity."  Agreed, but if you truly believe this...
Then why are you cutting so much from the budget? Many people will die from lack of medical care.
Do you realize that climate change is the biggest threat humanity has ever faced? As the Earth burns,you fiddle with the fossil fuel giants
Interestingly we have many Muslims on our soil who Hate Israel with perpetual hatred  as well as Any One friends or Ally with Israel / LWF
Including all the domestic white terrorists?
What is wrong with you all? You all talk about all this terrorist stuff. But we can't get our own government to work together.
I have repeatedly issued an invitation to #Izlamathugz to drop in. Too cowardly to do so..

#MAGA
Do not vote for you who are you present which us who are you ? Snopes the heck are you up to Barack Obama  Good vote
You're ignoring the greatest #terror threat in the #US: the #KKK, #NeoNazis, #WhiteSupremacists.
You were not diplomatic and  nonpresidental in your demeanor;  insulting, pushing, shoving, is the behavior of a babybully on the playground
i agree, when are we gonna do something about the KKK and The Army of God ??
You are America's biggest terrorists - GO BACK TO RUSSIA.
and you are engaged in a war on your own people. shame on you.
Well.  This is FINALLY some thing we agree on.  Stop using ampersands, though.
#Trump2020
The Portland, ORegon Train heroes did! And u ignored them!!
Islam is not a religion it is a cult Adam Best! It is dangerous and they need to be dealt with. I think the liberals are stupid to do nothng
By selling weapons to the Saudis.
wat?
I agree with this, but then.... I don't.  They are not against, "civilization".  They are against, what they view as sin.  That's different.
Terrorist are here too we call them liberals and the ones dumbed and numbed need a wakeup call http://www.suijuriscourtangels.com  let's settle this now
Liking your own tweet? Can't stop laughing....
The terrorists are also known as Republicans.
It's up to you you're the president or do you remember
Saudi Arabia anyone?
Look in the mirror trumpy there will see the biggest terrorist of all
He must of just missed the Terrorist Stabbing we just had in America!!
Terrorists like Jeremy Joseph Christian ,  do you offer condolences to the american families who lost theirs due to the christian terrorist?
you too. where is the difference?
Terrorists ... like Aryan Brotherhood & other #Nazi groups. 

Get to work, #Trump.
I  u, Mr President. Thank you for your service. Veterans support you.
Republicans are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront & defeat this evil. 
Fixed it for ya.
Perhaps you could stop being discriminatory towards Muslims. It gives terrorists a reason to hate Americans.
YOU are the one waging war against civilization - or at least the American democracy. Justices, the media, all suspect according to you.
That's rich coming from someone who acts so uncivilized & brags openly about it.
Since you've been gone, three people have been murdered by white American terrorists. We are waiting for your outrage! (Cont)
We are waiting for that same level of outrage you would display if these two white American terrorists were "radical Islamic terrorists"!
AND if we don't hear the same level of outrage from you, then, we will deduce that you don't care if the terrorists are white!
blame the media not Trump he is busy!!!!
Parrot
like our own homegrown terrorists who are #whitesupremacists? where's your fear mongering on that?
Did you know there's a terrorist in Portland? Don't you wanna call him a loser?
Like #portland?
Evil is defeated by the ones creating it. Start will money.
If you're so concerned with valuing life, what do you have to say about the WHITE men attacking in Portland? Oh right... nothing... hypocrit
no more "Radical Islam"?
Couldnot be prouder to be an American than with you in the wheelhouse. #welcomehome
When you say evil terrorists, are you talking about you and your staff?  Please resign.
Trump-speak:

"value life" = rich white people lives, no one else's
"evil" = US Govt & it's allies
Giving toys worth $100b to the Saudi won't help it. That's for sure. Sad.
One of them is named DONALD TRUMP!!!!
Thank you for representing the US with outstanding leadership on your overseas trip on economics, NATO, confronting terrorism.Fantastic!!
Yes. Call them out. Keep it up. Keep your eyes open to the Deep State politicians. Wolves in Sheep's clothing all around you.
I can't wait for you to be impeached, you nepotistic fucktard.
And use wisdom to do so, not to manipulate it in a way to cement authoritarian power as some nations  have done.
Happy weekend, Alex! 
Are u talking about your personal assault on democracy? Is johnmiller a terrorist?
There is a lot more to valuing life then just responding with more killing.
How about tweeting about the brave men in Portland fighting against white, domestic terrorists, and dying horribly as a result?
Robot alert!! @MikeTokes
Good donald trump
@WhiteHouse You are the worst threat against civilization - especially the U.S. You're mentally unbalanced + everyone knows it except you.
I Agree! Thank You President Trump! Great to have a Strong President!
Our just God will condemn loser terrorist to the fires of Hell for all time their acts will secure this there is no reward for murder period
Let's erase it from the planet!
The Middle East has thousands of years of warring.
Wow. You've turned over a new leaf. Everyone has been saying this about you for a while and you finally agree. #Loser
These men did. It's people like them that make this country great. Learn their names. Learn from their sacrifice.
The terrorists win if the poorest America have cuts to job training, medical care, housing, and food.
U HATERS will all "BEG" for Trumps help when ISIS seeks u out!Americans, Lefties wont change.if they love ISIS,treat them like ISIS!
Deport all Muslims they all worship the blood drenched koran they can not be trusted
Millions of us are ready Sir! 
And, the biggest terrorist would be you! Along with your complicit associates & ignorant followers! #Impeach45 #TreasonousTraitorToTheUSA 
What happened to make America Great Again Lets start with the homeland terrorist the ones that voted for you and are minions to your hate
Thank you President Trump u r leading up front OBAMA was behind the line 
Very well put Mr. President.  It's refreshing to have a President with good sense again.  Thank you.
"Radical Religious Terrorism" - can fester within any monolithic religion, including Christianity...
All Muslims aren't terrorists however all terrorists are Muslims
No...all terrorists are religious...many examples of Sikh, Christians, and probably others too....
No. Only Muslims are blowing shit up.
Terrorist or freedom fighter.  Which side of the fence are we on about.  What's driving America's involvement in the middle east.
Sir, please tweet on the Portland terrorist who killed two good samaritans. This monster is a "LOSER" and must be publicly branded as such.
He was a Bernie supporter, one of your own. He isn't your president, remember? So the DNC should handle it.
Yes, and why won't you acknowledge the white supremacists iN THIS COUNTRY who are doing your bidding?
Uh huh.
I'm sure if you drop enough bombs in those other countries, you will get the job done!  And kill everyone else in the process!
When are you going to address the problem of white male terrorists within the borders of the USA?
USA terrorists just did a deal with Saudi and Israeli terrorists ...wake up americans !!!!
Like you did in the Vietnam war, right?
Terrorists like the white Trump fan who killed two innocent people on a train yesterday? The TrumpTerrorist you haven't said a word about?
Portland is another example of terrorists in this country at war with our civilization. Why are you silent about defeating this evil? Lead!
Harry Hopkins #3 President Harry S. Truman sent back-channeling ailing Harry Hopkins on one more mission to Moscow. Dems are unhistorical
That includes all you Democrats.
it is up to par people that value life to get rid of you
Traitortrump sold US military technology to the Saudi's=the biggest supporters of the Sunnis: Isis and Al Qaeda. Trump armed terrorist!
Then you have much in common with terrorists in that you are engaged in a war against the democratic principles of this country
You are the REAL terrorist!
Then why are you selling weapons to the Saudis when WikiLeaks proofed that they fund Isis? We had so much hope in your doings :(
Porque no los controlamos ,si se les controlara se evitarían muchos atentados.
YOUR THE MAIN ONE CREATING TERROR IN THE USA. YOUR HATRED SCREAMS FROM ALL OVER THE USA
Brookings Institute- Not Brietbart has the real info on refugees. They need to be legal green card tax paying before benefits.
#Truth
You're engaged in a war with TRUTH. Go see a doctor already. You need meds and loads of therapy. You have a real illness.
And you just armed them twatwaffle
Listen to what you said then, think about my drinking water and your pipeline.
So concerned about terrorism, and yet your current budget plan reduces airport security programs beginning October 1st!   POTUS = HYPOCRITE!
Know your enemy!!
