Hillary Clinton beat you in the largest landslide popular vote total in history!
That's cute, Donald trump won the election.
The South Koreans think you are "kinda nuts".

They are close.

You are stark raving bonkers.

#ImpeachTrump  and commit him to an asylum.
South Korea has been doing this longer than you have #Trump.  Why are you tweeting brag /goading at such a crucial & critical time?
empty bluster from a fat, mentally unstable coward with bad hair? I guess it'd feel pretty familiar to them, anyway.
I just want you to stop talking
Can we sign yr boys up 2 go 1st via the army?
I'm sure, like U, they wud want 2 do everything in their power 2 help. 
Actually U know, serve
Like daddy Drumpf, no loyalty but tons of fear. Are bonespurs inherited? I worked in Ortho & the answer is NO.
Appeasement never works. South Korea needs to take a less from #NevilleChamberlin - or #BillClinton!
Great citation! We can learn so much from history.
They share a border with a lunatic.

Support you and praying for wisdom!! 
They understand someone not leading from behind, and strength in about that order! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
South Korea didn't like being accused of 'appeasement'. Bizarre because South Koreans have been appeasing North Korea for quarter century.
Sorry can't take you seriously anymore.
Kim Jong Un has taken a dump on the white house front porch and all you're doing is wiping it up and his behind
Spoken like a  North of the border Canadian... what would Freud say, no need to wonder too much 
Destroy NK erase the current regime. America has enough to worry about as it is concerning isis and so on. Debase and destroy kim joung un
Obliterate him.........
S Korea better do a fair trade deal or we can stop having our troops protect them
Resign Russian-Colluding Racist Traitor...Resign Russian-Colluding Racist Traitor...Resign Russian-Colluding Racist Traitor...Resign

He'll get back to us later! Lmao.
Just do it ！
To North Korea ！
Biafra Bueze...Breaking News!!!
Biafrans in umuahia right now are in grave danger as the Nigeria government intimidation have started again
The army are shooting at sight to innocent biafrans
Mr.President!
Please strike North Korea immediately and please save our President Park Keunhae who innocent and real patriot as you know wel
Not the time to pick a fight with our long time friends.
Why? Because you only know one thing? You sure don't know how to govern. By the way, we all know you are racist
IJLID
Maybe you should go to North Korea with Dennis Rodman and talk so big! You want to throw Americans under the war bus! How about your kids go
I think we will have to do it. Don't want to but the little fat guy is asking for it.
~After all, conversation with North Korea is just a waste of time.~
Let the hater tots hate. We are with you Mr. President!  All 62 million #Deplorables 

You are truly a well-read, patient, diplomatic genius.
That would mean that they definitely know 1 more thing than you.
Yeeeah Trump to S Korea, when your capital city will be wiped out with the first sign of conflict let's not try diplomacy.
I guess you know more than NK's Siamese twin. It's amazing how much you've learned by bilking contractors. You know then the generals too.
Deal is @realDonaldTrump and @Grahamcb4 that #KimJongUn and his evil, brutal regime in #NorthKorea need to be squashed ASAP. >@latikambourke
Enough tweeting. It's #Nuke time
What a bunch of BS.
donald trump you TWAT this isnt up to you!!! let a country decide what it wants to do with its own land, go police the world somewhere else!
Rocketman needs rockets. America should send many rockets 2 n. Korea as a pieces offering. Then we'll have peace w/n. Korea
You suck
begging  for  peace~!!!
For God's sake Mr. President, send Dennis Rodman! #NorthKorea #AmbassadorRodman #LetRodmanSaveTheDay
That's right, might makes right!
Impeachment is coming and fast, the faster the better for this country
attack the north korea put an end
yeah they only understand Trump rap lines drop the bars and the 
Has South Korea realized that allowing NK to hold a few Olympic events is out of the question yet?
"appeasement" bro heard that word a sec before this tweet
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS #DontheCon
I bet nations are lining up to get advice from you.
Real?...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
You just need to take a deep breath, and learn to engage your brain before you impulsively tweet inflammatory comments
Which is one more thing than you understand, about anything, anywhere
@WaldeckCarl thank you mr.president don't let that North Korea cancer spread, hit em hard n quick send a message, NO DEALS
I have a feeling the "one thing" they understand is not a huckster moron with fetal alcohol syndrome.
This is the leader of the psycho anti-American/anti-Trumpers
Way to go Mr. President! Barack Obama agrees with you on this problem.
Stick to your GUNS Mr Prez & let's rid the world of the video game playing dictator! He must learn difference in realism & games!
Understand one thing: When dealing with foreign allies, don't insult them. Your belittling words will do nothing to better US/SK relations.
Why are you attacking South Korea? Sad
Yeah, but you know how it is when an #incompetent #blowhard like #trump talks to you. It's sort of like Charlie Brown's teacher. Why listen?
You may have to make them a parking lot. He is Crazy!!
Two questions (no Googling): 1) Can you define the term appeasement? 2) Who was Neville Chamberlain?
He used a comma splice and bad manners. Ladies and gentlemen: 45. #epicfail #notmypresident #SouthKorea
Their talk of appeasement will keep them from getting blown off!!! Something you should try!
yes, u know Mr.President ! u must NOT cooperate wiz S-Korea. history teaches : country cooperated wiz S-Korea always loser of wars ! 
Your schoolyard bullying tactics are out of place in international diplomacy. Oh, and you are a very shallow person. We should #ImpeachNow.
Nothing you have ever told anybody means anything. You are a useless individual you need to leave the WH and let serious people take over

.@FBI refuses to move forward on @HillaryClinton email scandal & justice due "Lack of Interest"
Citizens, whats your interest level? Plz RT
Right. Your tough talk is really working great.
Why don't the S. Koreans think I'm so stupid?
Please stop this diplomacy by Twitter. It is juvenile and it is not working.
Yes, only one thing... unfortunately you're not smart enough to know what that one thing is. #idiot
Your threats are a threat to our country.

You are NO diplomat.

You have NO communication skills.

You R #DumbDonald #DonTheDunce 

#Resist
RESINGE Donald....you dont even understand ONE thing Donald ...
Soooo they still understand one thing more than you....RESINGE Donald
Thoughts on the new qotsa album?
You know as much about foreign affairs as I know about brain surgery. Can I operate on your teeny tiny brain?  #Resign


Impeach is right. Do you know he has done worse things than Nixon and he is here running his mouth, trying to start wwIII this is your Pres
Please tell Kim Jong Un that an H bomb is not a game.
Mind you, my Reality wasn't up on his dramas. Today, isn't my birthday either. To @RepDanKildee, Thanks!
To @POTUS44 bigger than ever thanks
NK IS JUST LIKE YOU IN THAT SENSE, you only understand one thing. DT, I vomit at any thoughts of you. I not alone in this.

South Korea won't be golfing in Mar-A-Cheeto when you get them blown up so I would guess they are trying to save themselves from YOU!
Please don't fail America Mr. President. Vaporize North Korea before it's too late. There's no pleasant way out of this. It has to be done.
And this is the reason no one likes you, all you do is isolate the US from our allies, you like turning us into the DPRK
Maybe at some point you'll be able to figure out that you shouldn't say out loud  every ridiculous idea that pops in your head ...
checking in to see if this idiot has started and rationalized the war.

No it's that you only understand one thing-you're a stupid childish brute trying desperatly to start a war to distract from your treason.
WTF?!?
South Korea should save a ton of money and buy weapons from North Korea. We all would benefit from ending weapons deals with U.S.
You're a failure.
Trump, if Congress sends you a DACA extension bill, do not sign it.  You will lose voters.
IRS CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION TEAM SAYS YOU'RE FUCKED BOZO!
Trump- Biafrans youths died cuz of u by Nigerian army still u haven't said anything. That's not kind of u as the president of the world.
President Obama told Trump his priority HAD to be North Korea. Trump chose Obamacare, taxes, the Wall, racist dog-whistling. So here we are.
That is a poorly constructed sentence and you appear vacuous. Sad.
NK is interested in retaining power. They aren't ISIS. You don't handle this the same way. You appoint an ambassador to South Korea.
That's would be one more thing than our current/clearly outgoing @POTUS
Mr president. I am open to an appointment as ambassador to s Korea. You and I would make a great team
You understand nothing!  Resign & let an adult with more than just a functioning brain stem deal with these complex matters.
so make them an offer they can't refuse
US is being baited by #NorthKorea. Too bad they can't be fired, lol. Giv'em a big #diplomatichug, and let THEM make the mistake. #dalailama
Did you STUDY North and South Korea??  Do you KNOW MORE than the GENERALS do because you DODGED VENEREAL DISEASES during the VIETNAM WAR??
That you can't find your enormous arse?
We have a lying, betraying, disgusting, traitorous POS in the WH. Traitor Trump is attacking US citizens & businesses & bowing to Russia.
Mr president a very smart lady marine on fox Sunday praised u & Mattis. She said cutting trade w Japan and china for this-They need USA more
Yea they will under stand that you are racest

Theycan'tallbebrainwashed,isthere a way2justremovethe evilleaders&trulylet their peoplespeak4themselves?&ifTheystillCrazyLetThemFindAtlantis

Korea got its balls cut by the cold war, China and the US each holding one. Please be reasonable and talk to improve situation.
they understand U, can you please ask them to translate. What comes out of your donut hole mouth is quite confusing @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Shut up
This is all your fault here not China or South K if you kept your mouth shut instead of egging on the North to bomb us we wouldn't have this
CHINA is the ONLY one who can STOP him!
'Release the Hounds"
Mattis: "Any threat to the United States or its territories including Guam or our allies will be met with a massive military response." 
Kind of like our prez.
Time to do something mr trump
You're talking about pussy grabbing again, are you? #fraud #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW

Just what we need, two mentally unstable, likely insane leaders playing chicken! #SaveDACA #ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump  When did you 1st discover the brilliant strategy of bashing our allies?
Go bomb the hell out of #NorthKorea
no need to wait for that young President to distabilise the world & USA allies...just bomb them out period
Save the ground troops until you carpet bomb from the Chinese border to the S Korean border.
Why don't you tell us what the one thing South Korea understands is?  They understand the true threat and they know you don't get it.
U r not of greater experience or of greater knowledge than S. Korea! They are our friend n ally not your child or your subordinate! Shameful
I fear POTUS is right.
Oh Donald. South Korea are so lucky to have you to advise them. Idiot!!!!

May God give you the wisdom to handle this,! Love you POTUS
Iran plus #JCPOA = #Eter
N.Korea minus #JCPOA = Hydrogen Bomb
War is something that should NOT be taken lightly. This is not a one-on-one schoolyard brawl. Think of the citizens of Korea & the U.S!
You're risking the lives of millions of people. 

You're incapable of dealing with this problem.

Resign.
Shhhhh, contrary to your opinion, it's not all about you. (Didn't your mom teach you anything?)
Republic of Korea today:
You are leading us into an abyss please stop get the f*** out of that office
RE South Korea-great way to win friends & influence people. When will u find the brains/discipline to move beyond bullying. IT DOESN'T WORK!

Very clear now that @realDoonaldTrump threats/grade school taunts toward #NorthKorea accelerated their nukes
Should have dispaced that idiot ( or his father) a long time ago , by any means neccesary !
No matter what happens, we Tibetans have no worries, cos we believe the karma.

Lpkpokkjjijkkupnp
Only that what USA  can do ?!!!
공냥 쬼 갛맣늬좀 뉍둬쥬량
Дональд,вы наверное с женой говорите с угрозами и шантажем?
You are great Trump
And now it's too late cause the dictator decided to try bombing the u.s wtf
Thank u President Donald.there is no any other option apart from bombing Northkorea .be cleared off the world map..
you were quoted in a story by @CNN
South Korea has prospered next to North Korea for 65 years.  They have nothing to learn from you.
They really want some long range missiles...I say we send them some. Like a stack of pancakes on Kim's humble abode.
This was a tweet from last year you fool, this just shows you how far we came in one year. If anything this is a compliment to the Trump administration . So thank for@the support
And we both know who that is
We know what that is?
Nichts
I am south korean student. Thank you Mr.Trump. the few people in  korea protesters hate you but they are not S. Korean.
you were quoted by @CNBC
you were quoted in a story by @CNBC
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only un...
They are the the ones who will suffer if war breaks out not you use your brain if you have one
What do you think they understand, and what can you do?
Shut up
How dare you suggest that you know better than South KOREA how to deal with North KOREA - their own divided territory. The people of SK have
the right to their own ideas about how to put out the flames
