But, against climate change.
America wishes you were with them. Why not go to Florida and wait out Irma with them? We encourage that Predator Trump, take your family too
Puerto Rico 51
Please Irma, spare FL but if you can't limit it to Mar a Lago
Kelly bad for Schiller ; same as B and S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     get rid of K & McM...now
Why is the Puerto Rican flag so small? Do you know they have dual citizenship and speak Spanish? Can you find it on the map?
I'm sorry but it's very difficult to believe that you have any concern,symphaty or compassion for those devastated by these disasters.
Thank you
good
Thank you!
"Very Bad"  LMGAO. Is that the best words you can come up with. What is you vocabulary level?  Honestly, do you even know 3 syllable words?

Amen, and Godspeed to all affected by Irma~  
Did you tell Mapp that he can't suspend Constitutional rights?!?!  I'm not with anyone that denies the people their rights!!!
You really think you're crushing this president thing, don't you?
Guess all that prayer didn't work, shocker.
Trump is the best! He does give a damn! I live in South Florida and we're bracing for that monster hurricane! Pray for us
Be careful he don't have ICE knocking on your door during the hurricane! You know? Being Hispanic and all!!
You would think that we can send scientists to Africa and come up with a way to stop Hurricanes,  seriously am the only who thinks.
Gouging
Nice try. Why would they do that yo someone living in PA? #fakenews #HurricaneIrma
Can we call the Secret Service to get rid of things like @Donnaphoto....you can't fix stupid, I know, but it is tiresome so many uneducated

Proud to have voted for you and again in 2020!
Gracias Sr Presidente.
Graciás*
There is no accent in "a". Gracias.
What he say " we are having a great time" like with Harvey and told them hpw he won the election except the 3 mil that voted illegally!
I'm sure your words are very comforting. Hahaha R U going to donate to their relief fund as well esp since FEMA runs out of $$ on Friday.
Score one for trump yes at least he knows Puerto Rican's are USA  citizens wow 
Is called political propaganda. I smell a war coming and he might need more bodies to die for this country.
Send aid, don't cut FEMA, RESTORE THE EPA  #IMPEACHtrumpPenceSessions #indictRussianGOPpawns
Is Florida still a confederate state?
In Jesus Christ name i pray amen!
why don't you let them come here? oh wait.
No you're not (with them). I wish you were on an island without access to internet. But, alas, we don't always get what we wish for.
We must restore the rule of law so that future Americans won't have to experience the same loss as Jamiel. #EndDACA
Tucker Carlson nailing the debate on amnesty. #NeverAmnesty
Never amnesty
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at @GOP.
Brilliantly said by @POTUS : "I want dreamers to come from the United States" -@realdonaldtrump  #EndDACA https://twitter.com/nia4_trump/status/901215568178663425/video/1 …
Thank you for pardoning this great Patriot!!!
.@IngrahamAngle is so damn right about DACA. What about the dreams of Americans? #EndDACA #WednesdayWisdom
DACA is the Trojan Horse of Amnesty. The RINOs and Dems will say it is only for the children while they sneak in a bigger amnesty. #EndDACA
Hi @TwitterSupport the above Bot must be broken as it tweets multiple anti-immigrant replies in response to a tweet about a hurricane
Sorry, we are NOT with the VI confiscating firearms and ammo at the most important time to own them. VI should have spent $ on LEOs before.
Thanks for getting the money quickly for Harvey victims.  Hope it will go a long way to get them a good start back to normal.
You liberals in the comments need to fucking grow up. This isn't political. You'd think we could unite and be together when it comes to this
Who is "We" and how did "We" get there so fast?

Then support efforts to curb #ClimateChange help save humanity!
we all wish you were.......
Thank you!
Did you forget the Dominican Republic and Cuba?
You'll do more good by staying away. Send money and back off, your clueless head won't even accept that this is caused by global warming
What in the Hell are you wasting their time for?!? They really don't have time for any of your nonsense.
Hilary Clinton won the popular vote
And still not the mayor of Houston.
What about all the fine folks in the Western USA that are burning and you say nothing! Shame on you!
Praying for all in harm's way. Continuing prayers for Texas and Louisiana, too.
I hope you didn't give a speech like the moronic one you gave in Houston tx. You are not a very well spoken person or a good public speaker.
Deplorable fool.
Then why don't you donate $1 billion?
Ready to admit that climate change is real?
What about Oregon and Washington that are literally on 
Maybe call the Fire Department?
Are you supposed to share that?
Ditto
HELLO
Rick Scott is a climate change denier like yourself. Like yourself, he is an obstacle to proper preparedness for weather disasters to come.
What about start with acknowledging humans (incl. US) are the cause of accelerating climate change, which causes stronger hurricanes?
What is he suppose to do about that? Get rid of humans?
I love the USA and if today I am called to defend my homeland there I will be in the front row as many Puerto Ricans do.
Translated- we are with you as long as it doesn't cost ME anything. Otherwise, you're on your own. #TrumpResign Psalm 109:8
You will probably have to work with the Dems again despite Paul Ryan's fake outrage over Harvey victims. At least things get done w/o  him
Who sent this tweet? Way too complicated for The Donald.

Remind Mapp that US has 2nd amendment & gun confiscation is illegal & unconstitutional.
BFD! Better get your act together to get funds for FEMA and all the rebuilding that's ahead.
then move to an economy that doesnt heat the oceans and atmosphere for gosh sake. Look up what atmosphere looked like last time co2 was high

Thank-you Mr President! 
i'm not a nut potus i looked weather warfare up. china is he only 1 that can do this if its real i hope its fake news. but if not oh boy...
Go down there
Will Mar-A-Lago be opened as a hurricane shelter?
Are you sure you spoke to them? Delusion is your forte
What does that even mean?  lol
I hope Mara lo go gets hit hard
Ty @realDonaldTrump
Wish TRUMP was with them. Would love to send him there. He's such a joke, proves everyday how ignorant he is,just listen to him try to talk
Thank you Mr. President
Well said. I'm not negotiating with you. Well said. Who do they think they are. Respect.
Fake Southern - you can't even write it correctly, much less say it!  Carpetbagger!  #DumpTrump
Not a supporter- but your effort working with Dems to help fellow Americans, regardless of political views ASAP in this disaster. Thanks
Thank you Mr President 
We also are with you 
Los deplorables

Then send gas water & gas cans. Can't evacuate without. Can only get 400 miles then what? Stranded on interstate without . #IrmaHurricane
I bet he has to be told they were part of America
.. and let's not forget Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Wyoming..
'least this president knows the difference between a state and a commonwealth.
You do know Montana is burning to the ground? Where is the support for this State?
God says obey the law of the land
PLEASE STOP THESE THREE HURRICANES NOW. STARTING WITH IRMA. WE HAVE SCIENTIFIC MEANS TO SO THIS. PLEASE USE THEM. THANK YOU!
#BuildTheWall  100' tall from #California to #Florida protect them all from the hurricanes and whatever else
Tell @GovernorMapp to stop confiscating guns.
Oh, you are? Ask DACA. Oh, that's right. You don't support that either.
What doesnt he support about it? Could it be the part that says its not a legal policy or the part he said he wants them to stay the part
We WERE with YOU until you sold us out for a seat at the DNC "Cool Kids" table - vomit! So unhappy with @POTUS pandering to asshats!
Go there then, feel it first hand
Really!!!!! Then go stay at Mar-a-Lago when Erma comes to town!
Except we won't admit Puerto Rico as a state in our union.
You aren't with anyone. The most selfish man on earth.
It's a shame the reverse can't be said...
What?  You are taking scientific models as proof that Florida is in harms way?  Water temps have risen for years...#ClimateChangeIsReal
I'm hoping your compound is destroyed in the storm. Not looking forward to Americans having to pay to fix it. #yourethepits
It's likely that his $28 million mansion in St. Martin was destroyed when Irma reduced the island to rubble today.

Good luck. Have a nice day! Right?
Make entitlement cuts to help recovery, not raise the debt ceiling! Where's our deal? Don't help screw us tax-payers over. Bad move!
Tell GOV,SCOTT,A Big Thank You...
Thank You Donald,Supporting The People Of Florida in This Historic Hurricane Landing Here At Home."!!!
Repeat after me. "CLIMATE CHANGE"
Repeat this. 
Oh oh, that's a lot of hats.
Why don't you resign?  Grifter.
You aren't with anyone but yourself.
Has Trump issued his one million dollar donation check for Texas hurricane victims yet? Huckabee said he hasn't figured out how to do it yet
Great job Thank you
We Don't Want You With US Donald... your a disgrace to our Nation... Hows is Don, Jr's., lie session coming along?
What about the fires in Oregon, California, Montana? Those also are emergency conditions!
Are you though!!??
Prayers for you and your family
So where are you flying off to hide from a safe distance this time? Wouldn't want you to get your hands dirty now?! #peetape #impeach
So,

when are you finally going to tell

Gov. "Moonbeam"

to

POUND SAND! ?

Just asking.
Thanks Mr.P
#GlobalWarming? What #GlobalWarming! #FakeNews
So-after the recent destruction, do you still need proof that global warming is real?!?!?!?!
Did you LIE to them too about donating a million dollars for any damages they may suffer??
Did you really, Donnie? Because you have a history of claiming phone call conversations that never happened.
We are also with you from Nigeria
It is written, "IF MY PEOPLE who are called by my name will humble themselves and call on me, I WILL heal their land"=pray people pray
Confiscating firearms?
Puerto Rico!!!

"AS LONG AS YOU STAY ON YOUR OWN ISLANDS" - there, finished your tweet for you.
Thinking about opening Mar-A-Lago to shelter victims? I heard you were consulting spiritual advisor Joel Osteen.
Bet you leave Puerto Rico without any aid as usual.
Where is your confederate flag
you have millions. it cant be that hard to donate.
Dreamers, dreamers!! You can dream from anywhere in the world. Do you think American people don't dream? Create legal dreamer visa policy
Amen! Lord strengthen us and protect your people.
nuke North Korea right now. I triple dog dare you.
The little fat man in NoKo may soon get the attention he is so begging for
Hey Don, if you seriously care about the damage caused by hurricanes rejoin the <expletive/> Paris Climate Accord!
Send Al Gore your carbon tax but leave me out of the hoax
Ah ha. Can I hazard a guess you also believe that MMR causes autism and perpetual motion machines are real?
PROVE you're with us by admitting climate change is real, and these super storms are a product of it. IF ONLY SOMEONE WARNED US! Oh wait ...
A natural disaster does not give a government the right to shred the law. VI cannot disarm it's citizens. Enforce the constitution. #MAGA
No, THEY'RE all bracing for impact. You're cowering on the other side of the country with a bunch of toothless hicks, aka your base.
Hopefully Houston taught you how to load a pickup truck
http://www.thebiafraherald.co/2017/09/ipob-before-you-attack-nnamdi-kanu.html?m=1#.WbA3l8ncIy8.facebook … ....
YES we are ALL with them but...you haven't so much as mentioned the fact that the entire western half of the country is or has been on fire!

Thank you President Trump. We're almost all buttoned up down here in Parkland. I thank God everyday since you became President.
More FEMA money will be necessary to help those in fl. Chimate change is happening. Prepare to spend more.
Chaos in chief.
dude, they need to change that Virgin Islands flag
Of all the spam in Trump's replies, this is a tweet that I can actually get behind  Kudos to you Franchicko
Your son-in-law met with Russians about Clinton fitness for office. That is treason. Go live there. It's a socialist country. Up your alley
Trump has done good with one Hurricane. If this one hits Fl I pray we can handle this one as well as the first. Thoughts and Prayers to all.
Are you? Are you really?  Or just doing this so you don't look bad?

A huge virgin vortex from the Atlantic will visit mar-a-largo thrice and submerge it into the sea
@POTUS  looks like you missed the memo. Liking your own tweets is lame. #sad
You aren't with anyone but your pompous self
God is talking to U. Resign http://mashable.com/2017/09/06/map-trump-properties-hurricane-irma/#_GPIiFmW_5qw …
Sir, we need to evacuate South Florida now
#StandWithTrump
You are doing great job MrPresident for People. Stay the course, the Voters stand with you. United we stand,Harlan Ky.
Can you have the military try to cool the surrounding water the storm is projected to impact? Possibly aerially release large amounts of ice
