WRONG!  But do you know what is doing so badly...YOU!  SAD!!!!
their all garbage Prez
Tell them how it is President Trump!  The true Americans support you and will MAGA!
"Presidential" is working for American's, Trump is the new Presidential, get used to it.
just like there polls no one believes them either.
go be presidential instead of childish

RELEASE Your TAXES!!!
Why don't you get Betsy to pay here 5M in election fines? Or get Price investigated for insider trading? Loser cabinet
America like hate of Russia is good days. TIME WE GET ALONG WITH THEM,.THEY WERE ALLIE IN WW2 AND NOW WITH ISSIS
I thought you hated tweeting or maybe you love it? Hard 2 keep up. Either way your ratings are worse than @nbc. #glasshouse
I don't know anyone who watches that
Did you go to college?
It is more credible than you.
I'm tired of the media continually crying "the sky is falling"??!!  TU Donald Trump for running our country as a CO.
they are awash with information and lacking in Wisdom Truth and Love #Peace
Time to man up and act like the POTUS. This sniveling makes you & by extension, the country, look weak & pathetic.



trashing people who disagree with you gives you no credibility, either. Presidents act Presidential. Rise 2 the office

is that what Putin told him?
u seem 2 say that about everything that disagrees with u. But yet they r doing fine.
with the lights off!
Actually  over 3 million more people are saying Today is awesome!#appleogizedonald
you have zero credibilty.
The Free Press in our wonderful country allows you the privilege to denegrate anyone and anything, and you have tarnished far more your own legacy than those you have attacked.  No one believes anything or any opinion you may have because of this. It is never to late to change.
"Hell NO" He has brought shame and embarrassment to the U.S"
i
PEEK-A-BOO!
The anchorwoman who covered CNN NEWS  who was shot to death was seen OTHER “SANDY HOOK OPEN MIC CAPTURES
#Trump has the maturity level of a toddler. BOo-hoo NBC boo-hoo. Get a grip you empty headed monster.

how is this STILL your "go to" insult? You know what they say about people who repeat themselves right? "So sad"
You really have a very limited repertoire. People are starting to clue in. You're a fraud.
seriously, stop tweeting!?! What is wrong with you!? Besides being a narcissist sociopath? #stillnotpresidential
Kind of hilarious for You to talk about credibility. Your abysmal approval rating indicates that's a bit of a problem for You! Js
OMG.. seek therapy for this narcissistic crap! Ppl are allowed to disagree with you.. It's called a DEMOCRACY you dolt
When voters realize you didn’t “make America great”, you just made the rich richer, who you going to blame for your lies?
More credibility than your mind can process, since you know NOTHING!

Totally biased bunch of losers who think they know best! But they didn't see our REVOLUTION was coming right?
Is this a preview of your speech on Friday?
Your are a lot of Prejudice,
Morning show host family gatheings,
"There's a rumor going around that they're an affair
dude...really? Don't you have anything better to worry about?  Take notes from Pres Obama on "class" and "dignity."
.@realDonaldTrump YOU! SHUT UP ABOUT THE MEDIA AND DO YOUR FUCKING JOB.
Actual Billionaire Mark Cuban is embarrassed for you bro.
Mark Cuban got it wrong again,and doesn't have half the money Trump has!
Hahahahahaha.
You collectivists have lost and seeing you summer in your anger is amusing.
.@realDonaldTrump @nbc Two days from becoming leader of the free world & still tweeting like a 16 yr old mean girl. SAD! #trump
.@realDonaldTrump @nbc i'd be delighted if you focused less on TV channels & more on the fact Secretary of Ed pick is wildly under qualified
Like your approval ratings... minus the "glorious" part because they were never that great to begin with.

@AureliusIsBack @KrisSanchez @realDonaldTrump time to share that link again, Kris 

Actually the Today Show is doing quite well along with SNL. Your popularity ratings however are sinking.
Wrong, Today show and SNL are failing...
your soon to be president is complaining about tv shows!! You shouldn't be cool with that
Oh, you mean like Obama complained about Fox for 8 years???
All right man, if one pres can criticize a news network I guess another can go after the today show and SNL.
the whole world media is laughing at trump.
@realDonaldTrump we only care about the American worker voter, that's why he's now president elect. :)
and he fucked you, which now fucks the rest of us. Congratulations
Iam golf Iam gun
I   golfgun
Mr President, I mailed you a copy of my book THE CONSERVATIVE MANIFEST0 which details the widening gulf btw us and them!
I never watch it. @GMA did cover the #FBI fraud this morning with a Liberal slant, of course. They were kind on you, for once.
@johntexan8228 @nbc You should know about "little" credibility.

It's not that they're biased it's just that no one really likes you because you're a habitual LIAR and a Conman
bing bong  bing bong  bing bong  bing bong  bing bong  bing bong  bing bong  bing bong  bing bong  bing bong bing
Here you go again the press is so bad STOP having them at the WH everyday if you are not treated right Oh your ego
For me, they lost their credibility when they pandered to Trump throughout 2016.
Trump lives in his own little reality.
You are not the news rater for the nation. Make your own news? Oh you already do that fine by yourself.
Why not spend your time improving our economy, health care, individual income and showing that bad Obama how its done!
you should lighten up on the media, could be a good friend and you will need lots of friends
TRUMP, take a cue from your great predecessor President Obama and stop whining about the press.  I encourage you to
Trumplethinskin you are delusional.

Focus Don. You are actually going to to be the POTUS.
you must just think "what's the most hilarious thing I can post right now" and then go for it
aren't you involved with a certain reality tv series on NBC???  You are amazing in such a deplorable way
NBC couldn't have less credibility than you. You are the FAKE Soulless sellout to the white Supremacists & Russia
As opposed to Donald, who has less than little - zero credibility.
I find it hilarious how you act like a 4 year old whenever someone insults you instead of SUCKING IT UP AND MOVING ON
Anyone is biased who says things you don't like. You better grow up quickly.
The difference between Trump and Obama is that Obama actually created 15 million jobs he took credit for and Trump
U keep trying 2 back 2 something and rarely talk bout moving forward. Being a retrograde isn't good (look it up) @nbc
so are we really going to have to listen to you cry for the next 4 years? really?
You Sr. Are the one with little Credibility! Stop blame the news for your short comings. Stop the BS!
https://youtu.be/sOD5zJcQoZI?t=1m36s … I beg to differ.  Trump is much worse than that.  Listen to this.
Mr. President Elect, there is no need for you to bully and ridicule. Please be "above that". Thanks. Praying for you.
You have no credibility....
- 'so badly'? Bad vs. Badly-bad is an adjective used to modify nouns and pronouns. Example: She was in a bad accident.
no it is u that have no credibility
stop with the vindictive tweets already. You DON'T have to prove anything now!!
consumer beware  –Past performance is no guarantee for present situation.
WE watch FOX NEWS!  NBC, CBS, ABC & CNN, MSNBC need tojust go away.   Liars, one and all.

don't watch nbc anymore,all shows are politically motivated.led by drug and alcohol abuse stars who rant their views
Isn't that who kelly megyn, hitched up with 
love me some TODAY
Just calling it like they see it.  There is no such thing as an unbiased report.  Look anywhere.
don't let them get you down Donald. The news people are just jealous and angry you we love you
lil credibility is trumps new rap name
when you are going to start acting presidential?  Stop whining about the media.  It is unbecoming to the office.
@Stordoor @nbc I don't watch @TODAYshow @nbcsnl @jimmyfallon @sethmeyers anymore. They are biased,,hateful and ignorant.
Should the media kiss your ass 24-7??? It's their job to question what you do.... otherwise they would be Brietbart
I like NBC,   i watch it daily????
#unpresidentialtweet
little ego hurting much trumpette?
You always exxagerate or stretch the truth.
Lauer was good enough for your early campaign coverage. Now you're biting their hand.
all theydo is kiss your ass,  you fool. I had to stop watching by of the vomit rising in my throat. Unfit to lead!
How can you expect support from Americans when you are always negative toward others
- Please stop tweeting! You're about to take on a very important role, please adult up and take it seriously.
..@realDonaldTrump @nbc
Billy Bush-y Balls brought them down with him and the Access Hollywood debacle.
tgis us absolute garbage! Tiday show was good to you!  They don't lie!!!
ℹ︎'am  Big Japan
love how President Trump says is clear in a few words, yet we get the message, forget the News it is just lies
and you have a micro penis.
Please stop with the insults. :( It seems you are to be next president and those insults make you small in so many ways.
quit being an asshole. Geeezus.
Awww,poor guy,did the Today show hurt your feel feelz?Your butthurt is palpable,little fella. Time 4 a juice box &nap?
Trump... you are so full of bullshit it's unbelievable.  The time you have to answer will come.  Good luck with that!
Another lie from the LIAR EXTRODINAIR  Today show is doing great. It is ranked #1.  What a dufus.
。。。。
Lauer's smug attitude day you announced running for office is where my MSM blackout began! Day 1 supporter  DJT!
Shut up. Act like a president.
Is thus the way we spend the next 4 years? Sickening. NBC rocks!
Trump. Get Help!
you didn't create jobs. And probably won't. What jobs did you create?
Just because people don't like being racist and sexist, doesn't mean they aren't credible. Freedom of the press!
isnt @nbc the station that broadcasts your piece of  show #CelebrityApprentice ?
Oh, dear...more Trumpian delusion:
uh top rated morning news show in December 2016. Lie after Lie after lie, some of us do know how to fact check
U R the one with zero credibility. Looking forward to your impeachment ASAP
AmeriKKKas 1st ILLegitimate*president**RUMP @realDonaldTrump LIAR&THIEF PUTINsPUPPET=IMPEACH @2020fight @ABC @CNN @NBCNews @CBSNews @nytimes
To keep his rating LOW, u must have your television turned ON, but NOT tuned into any channel showing ANY inauguration
shutup.
FOX news is biased TOO. So is Sinclair Broadcasting....FYI...BOTH SUPPORTS GOP....so it goes both ways.
who cares your Gonna be Pres
We're watching you!
hum, just like you?
Donald! Stop watching television and start making America great again! So lazy! Fix up and look sharp!
you're such a child. No condition to lead our country. Isn't there a mental evaluation required to run for office?

the CEOs came forward,said U had nothing to do with you, has been planned for a long time.THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA!
STOP lying about the media. It is getting PATHETIC!!
I quit watching them years ago because they've moved so far right. They treat people like you as if you don't lie!
.@realDonaldTrump @nbc wrong! Wrong! Wrong! You keep getting it wrong. So Sad!!!
what they have done.  All P.E. have a honeymoon, you decided to live by the sword & show disrespect to our president.
THE MAJORITY BELIEVES NBC
what else would you expect from liars Mr president. Thank you for making our country great again.
Know one is disputing that you're the legitimately elected POTUS. But Hillary legitimately won the popular vote.
lol, and your ratings are in the basement?
=Instead of preparing for being POTUS, I choose to watch TV. NBC hurts my feelings, so I have to lash out at them
Ratings better than your inauguration!
News personal are supposed to report factual news not their own views. I have boycott the news also.
Amen! America needs to turn off completely. Don't forget Mr. Trump. You owe them nothing!
stop that foolishness
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
you need to purchase your own broadcast and cut them out completely.  I am tired of them having all negative comments
...Donnie you have a great deal of experience in credibility. ...mostly the lack of it.
Just Stop!!!! Enough is enough. Sad 
says you
Credibility? So I see you posting that thousands of bikers coming to D.C. That picture was from 9/11....lol YOU FAKE!
your credibility is little. @notputinupwidis @gingermama
I sure wish @realDonaldTrump knows that he has a country to run in 2 days @nbc
Donny you do realize the media is going to eat you alive for all 4 months UR in office. Intelligence Dept too #failure
