Vote for @BTS_twt for #BBMAs' Top Social Artist using this hashtag #BTSBBMAs
Why are you talking about BTS on a political post?
@Reince you lied or are too weak to fulfill your promises.  This isn't better for all Americans, just the 1% #pathetic
How can the Government force the people to buy something? That's Nazi Germany crap.
@Reince 2 months later....
When U r sick on a hosp bed, U wil sing a difrent tune. U, McConnel Ryan Chaffetz and all who collude w/U n hurting ppl!
Lets get it done already! Day light is burn'n
hello I am sceptic about your new CIA and Tillerson leaving. Somebody is messing with your info on both. Search again
Cash me Assad.. how'd this turn out? #Trumprussia #somuchwinning
That didn't work out so well huh :)
- you are a distraction in order for the politicans to get their agendas pushed forward. I am ashamed of you.
"on to", you dolt.
U are such an evil soul. I hope 1day U wil suffer 100x more than the suffering uv caused others. Curse be on U.
Yeah, congratulations. You have just started addressing this and don't have majority to pass without democrats. Good luck.
congratulates Senate death panel.
What will all your followers do when they lose their healthcare?
Shame on you!
looking forward to the day you are impeached for treason
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE.
where is the replace plan?
Thanks for screwing America once again. Move to Russia.
so proud to take the only source of insurance of millions of Americans.
your healthcare should be eliminated with it along it's every congressman.
.@realDonaldTrump 

Why can't you either:

1) cancel all exemptions
2) exempt everyone else (other than Obama's buddies)
- Are you ready to take responsibility for people unnecessarily daying because of your decision to repeal Obama Care?
Karma, Karma and more Karma to anyone associated with you.
ok you want to end ACA now what ? 
What are you offering in exchange ?!
THE PRESIDENT OF THE USA STATED WITH GLEE THAT MILLIONS OF AMERICANS WILL LOSE THEIR HEALTHCARE.
Proud of it are we?? All those people who will die, blood will be on your hands and the crooks we have in Congress / Senate
When did bannon tell you to do this?
thank you for doing as you promised.
Trump cut MEDICAL INSURANCE for his OWN GREAT NEPHEW
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3382756/Donald-Trump-cut-medical-treatment-nephew-s-sick-baby.html …
Thanks for letting me die. No replacement?  You're a real gem. I wanted to give you a chance.  You blew it. Be ashamed.
@Reince .repel the Muslim ban.what next the Jews Christians. Be smart .these policies lead to holicost..
Who cares about people and what they want? As long as the uinsurance companies increase their profits.
#showmeyourbirthcertificate #yourestupid #yourealreadyabadpresident
You are inane, insane and psychologically impaired.   Majority does not like 
nor respect you.  Resign.
@Reince congratulations on ending something all Americans need w/out a plan in place! #Trumptards
Sad
Give the people the exact same coverage as the Congress! Be fair!
SO WHAT IS THE SECRET MAGIC PLAN FOR CHEAPER AND BETTER FOR EVERYONE ????
Exactly what will happen to people who cannot afford exhorbitant insurance costs?
Why celebrate the repeal when the coal miners that voted for you who have black lung are doomed? #conman
real people will die because of this. Replace, improve upon but do not assist the insurance companies in murder.
Disgraceful man
@Reince  Slumming again?
"Repeal your own government-subsidized health care first, hypocrites!"
You willingly let sick kids and people die, yet claim yourself pro-life?
how do you repeal something that impacts millions of Americans w/o something to replace it?  Oh you have medical insurance!
you can't be human,  you're more than likely something from the pits of hell
A man of his Word, President Donald Trump!
God will grant the people justice.
Lowest approval rating. Historic. NO ONE LIKES YOU. OBAMA FOREVER!
thank for what!!
if you are so pro life then how come you are signing a death sentence for 43k people a year. Americas president my ass
you will destroy milions of lives.
you truly are evil
yes, lets have the thousands die even sooner for your entertainment you piss loving baby.
how can you celebrate when people will die from lack of health care? You don't need health care because you HAVE NO HEART
the fact that you have the audacity to act like you're an average person not only sickens me, it makes me question you.
What will happen to people who can't afford insurance if they get ill? Why not tackle the insurance companies first?
thanks for killing the American people. #thepurgebegins
how will my preexisting cancer follow up be covered with  any job change I may face!!!
@Reince  As a cancer survivor(40 yrs) repealing #ACA will KILL people. I lived in fear for over 20 yrs w/ per existing cond
Twitler you don't pay taxes.  I won't pay taxes either. Thanks for the example!
Twitler pay for your wall yourself.
Twitler repeal your self!
Liar

@Reince rename "Obamacare". To AmeriCare. God bless you all and God bless America.
Let's not be so proud of a Climate Denying, Homo Phobic, unethical, Billionaire Boys Club cabinet.  Be Presidential!
do not repeal the ACA.  Havinng no health insurance does not make America great again.
Thank you for killing have of the American population!!!! You are not my president you are Mr. Chump
Please stop with the Voter fraud. If the Popular vote was corrupt then the Electoral vote had to be as well.
Predator-In-Chief.  You are an embarrassment to our nation.
this action is in retribution to the women's march. We can expect our Constitutional rights to be shredded. TraitorTrump
Dream on...
Once again ignoring the voice of the people, we the people, what? thank you?
@Reince ***obamacare: what a total fraud perpetrated on the American public. Repeal & replace quickly. We're behind you.
@Reince Hope you have a great plan or you'll be drowning in the swamp.We smell the stink of liars! No alternative facts.
let's go! People were still uninsured with ACA since those with high deductibles and premiums could not afford to use it!!!
Hooray
congratulations of causing the deaths of 100's thousands us citizens. Way to go prez.
Do you have a plan for the MILLIONS that will lose their health care because of this repeal?  Or do you just not care???
"for the people" ? Not so much
as long as you and everyone who govern have gov paid health care i'm happy.
Now i can die knowing i will be denied health insurance
But what are you replacing it with? The patients at the OC Children's Hospital would like to know....
@Milliken02 let us pray for Mr Trump b/c he is going to be ferociously attacked by the left and the media
got a plan in place for all those you're going to hurt? Thought not ya fucktrumpet
You're fucked up dude!
so much ho o email for our nation now. . Thank You
I think that is a vindictive and ignorant decision, if you a replacement is not ready and better that covers all.
congratulations Mr president! Plenty of us women voted and have total faith!!
I'm embarrassed that you are the President. You have zero class and it's disgusting
Maybe all American people want to make Obamacare's insurance premiums and basic medical care free.
my family uses Obamacare. It's irresponsible to repeal without a plan for those currently benefiting.
your speech was GREAT today and on point!
congrat mr president. Trump
Congratulations Mr. President. God bless you and your family and God bless America.
I agree with appealing Obamacare as long as the people have a plan that works for them!
calling the grammar police
you do realize that "the people" don't want you to kill ACA.  They want you to modify it.  Oh, and NO CHANGES TO MEDICARE.
TRUMP getting the job done!!
No insurance w/ no back up plan for MILLIONS who will  die because they are poor. You're all idiots or was it intentional?
it's call the Affordable Healthcare Act.
Welcome to your new home.
Liv Jenshus
why would you do that.  Alot of people need health insurance.  And alot of your supporters are on it.
I hope, too, that seniors can get cost of living raises...my $4 was gone before I saw it this month...didn't get a penny!
https://youtu.be/9gVxa3vxafc  please check out this video asap!!!
ur an idiot
. REPEAL. ASAP.
Sure.
Send our people to Mexico for Healthcare. It's what you'll find at home, but at a significantly lower price tag.
PLEASE re-name Obamacare!!!  How about Trumpcare?!
fake news.
Save your congrats for the people of the UNITED STATES as they cheer while watching you be dragged off to prison
next move should be to put Congress on Medicare.
maybe after every think comes down we can talk about how to make our pipelines safer and put American back to work on them
Yes finally let's put together something much better than the pre-existing garbage.
congress, senate have the best insurance there is. Remember who voted for all of you. It can be undone
let congress give up their insurance. Of course not
are u kidding me. You lied to get votes. Ppl will die but do the rich care. NOT A BIT
meet with Dave Brat from VA..Very bright man!
no reason for a new plan just allow us to buy into the Federal Employees plan or Medicare. Keep it Simple
I have a deep wish of finish or change islam nd islamic dangerous activities from world by non islamic Nations union.But I haven't resources
i think that Parker Molloy is a jerk and that the affordable care act is unconstitutional and unaffordable...
We (all non islamic people of world) should jointly fight for finish islam from world.Otherwise the world will be more insecure day per day.
America, Russia and India should jointly start a mission to finish or change islam from world and stop also Chinese selfish plans
not what people want. Listen
@brunelldonald I like trumpbecause the majority hate him I'm a minority i always roll with my status think people
You are celebrating taking away healthcare from 20 million people you sick sociopath.
بتوفيق سيدي الرئيس
waiting impatiently for the replacement.
you should be ashamed of yourself
You're destroying  health care and have nothing to replace it with! You are so unethical & clueless! You're a big fake!
you stated two days ago, healthcare for everyone, show us u mean it!
so you plan to kill people this way ? Not gas chamber !
Sad to see do many spouting off that this will cause deaths. It was not in place 8 years ago were death rates any higher,No
Obamacare is rife with abuses in billing loopholes Abused just as medicaid/medicare by the pros hired by for profit centers
I hope Trumpcare will be a lot better
republicans always help the rich. they always want to get richer and the poor stay poorer
You do great job. Vova is so proud of you. Strong can fight. Better to keep people sick!
Insurance for all would be great! Would save employers from bearing/sharing the costs & allow them to raise wages/cut costs
DO NOT TAKE OUR HEALTHCARE!
Obamacare is same as affordable care ! Just want the man name off .
fight the Pharmas. They're making life miserable for us and robbing the government.
Great that the Senate has taken the first step to Repeal Obama Care & now it is on to the House.
my son deserves coverage.  He has type1 diabetes and a college student. Please address insulin cost.
Aren't you a caring person!  Being so happy to take healthcare away from millions!  Disgusting.
Please don't.  What about the 20million people who lose out?  It could mean no access to meds which equals death for someone
where is the insurance for All and your plan????  Oh sorry neither will exist!!!
what about the poor who can't afford Health Insurance? #Obamacare
what would the "poor" do if everyone was poor?
