No vet will put up with your shit for too much longer.
Hey POS your the reason the world is a mess! Why dont you go golfing for the rest of your term? #firethefool
Yoir speech last night was the greatest speech any POTUS ever gave. #BestSpeechEver
How dare you insult ANY VETERAN, YOU DRAFT-DODGING PAMPERED WIMP!
mnp
You'll never have the word "our hero" follow your name. Maybe "arrogant homophibic xenophobic white supremacist nazi loving spoiled punk"

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
those Dems think just because they say it we will believe it not.
sorry all these idiots are blocking progress. Stay strong and keep up the good fight.
mccain lost a plane so i guess he was a failure.... well i guess i can say I KNOW he was and is a failure
Just think of it: The President of the USA a role model for sexual predators. No
 wonder we're a worldwide laughingstock!
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over t...
Low Energy Jeb even has more gumption than Our Hero McCain
Get him out of office and please look into the Bundy case and set those men free
Insult Watch: going after a real hero, classy.
how bout those bone spurs?
caused by YOU
Senile, tiny handed, piss wizard
Mr. @POTUS, please don't back down. America needs you & vast majority of us are behind you. ***IF U AGREE, PLEASE FAV & RT
vast magority..... Ha ha ha ha ha .... FAKE
I don't think Donny knows how the branches of government work.  He kind of needs the guys he's alienating
he is a hero. You ass!
keep talking reAl America loves you!
Would you like some sauce with your word salad?
now ya know why the Vietnamese gave him back
Your mission WAS a failure. You should be concerned about your failed mission, not on the media coverage. Reality matters.
I find it so funny when it one breath someone can say we are the greatest country in the world & in then next, it is a mess
we love you
shameless Donald. #impeachTrumpnow
So judge mental my little snowflake! Get over it, Trump is our president now we need to support him for USA!
@SenJohnMcCain Can't figure out how so many people can  disparaging remarks made about a real, decorated Vietnam veteran?
you're a creep. One of the all-time creepiest sociopaths.
you are a tiny man
Conflict that you are largely responsible for...
FREEDOM OF SPEECH. FREEDOM OF WORSHIP. FREEDOM FROM WANT. FREEDOM FROM FEAR.


WOW Draft dogger speaks!
he is my hero. NOT YOU!!
our country is not a mess and if you keep saying that as the president it will hurt us all. This is not a campaign anymore.
gosh I can't wait til ur not the president anymore. All this negativity is draining!! Stop!! for the love of God just stop!
I mean seriously we need a do over the giving you a chance has run its course I'd take little Marco at this point
LOVE IT!! McCain needs to do his job and be quiet
sir with all due respect you're a walking contradiction.
Omg and you are my president? I want to cry.
Stop! We support u but worry about the big stuff!
I thought you were only going after the undocumented workers that were criminals?
don't forget you're the ultimate loser after losing popular vote by most votes in history and winning thanks to Putin
I'm generally a supporter, but your tendency to be thin skinned is a harbinger of disastrous things to come. PLEASE STOP~!!
You are a zero! What have you ever done? Gone bankrupt, sexually abused women , mocked the disabled and lied. ZERO!
@amazon @belk @bellacor @Bloomingdales @bluefly @bonton @BedBathBeyond @Burlington @CENTURY21 @Dillards @DSWShoeLovers
you are the conflict.
Sorry, you aren't man enough to shine McCain's boots.
shouldn't you be doing something besides fucking tweet-ranting?
Extreme vetting? Fuck! How about extreme vetting for PRESIDENTS! Tax returns! REAL Medical! #muslimban #DonaldTrump #USA
#lol @GeorgeTakei that is beautiful @TRafaelCimino @Llauger1964
can't you just get on with running the fucking country and stop tweeting you 
Darren you stop tweeting
you stop tweeting....
nice comeback there Darren Barker
my thoughts exactly! You have to become an idiot to argue with one!
your the biggest idiot na na nana na 

YOU MADE THE MESS IN THIS COUNTRY IN LESS THAN A MONTH!
how exactly did he "destroy" the country
Obama walked into a bad economy. He did his best. Hard to bring back
wow, I see why you call yourself deplorable now
well you do have problems with your police force
You are the embodiment of the Bully/Coward archetype; a vile, selfish, preening egomaniac who cares for no one but himself
You don't know a dammed thing about serving your country!
I can't believe U won! These are our soldiers not us 2 toss away like nothing oh wait U never served or went war...GROW UP
McCain graduated last in his class. Got in WP based on legacy. Crashed a fighter jet on ship and killed several sailors.
No talk about this. He's a phony.
McCain is no war hero. He's a war monger!
POTUS said so himself that he loves war. McCain can actually vouch for how terrible war actually is, tho.
Pres. Trump loves the military. He hates war. http://www.ontheissues.org/2016/Donald_Trump_War_+_Peace.htm …
"loves the military" as he disrespects members of it daily. Did others die so he could go on a tweeting spree?
They died so ALL of us could go on tweeting sprees.
but on a serious, non sarcastic note, what has he done so far for veterans? That was his biggest ticket into office
I'd argue that companies taking his lead are helping veterans in a practical way http://townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2017/02/02/black-rifle-coffee-takes-on-starbucks-were-hiring-10000-veterans-n2279945 …
Have you seen the ad on veterans agaisnt trump.
I'm a vet tired of draft dodger drumph using us as a prop for his benefit.
The mess we're currently in is primarily due to your presidency.
God bless President Trump and protect him from all evil
Does God bless atheists?
God is watching you. Read Corinthians 13
You're such an embarrassment!
thank you for your support. Deputy Sheriff in NC supports you..
@SenJohnMcCain WINS every time you thrown a hissy fit.
Our country wasn't in a "mess" until you showed up.  You have turned our lives into chaos and have made them much worse.
have you ever watched a friend die while fighting for everyone else's freedom? Will you lay down your life for this country
yeah well you are responsible now so. .....
Your country's a mess because people like you don't pay their taxes.
This is a disgraceful way for any citizen to speak of a former POW, let alone the goddamned president. Up your game buddy.
who cares about tax returns!! Really is that the most pressing issue of the day!! What about a stronger nation!!!
PRESIDENT BANNON
You are the one creating conflict..you and your low information voters..cry on  Pres. Bannon's shoulder
You just lost dude.
you are the one bogging it down!  You just can't admit when you are wrong.  Please go home!
It's your fault. Why don't you take some responsibility already.
I agree, and McCan is a turncoat-Traitor
SO TRUE MR. PRESIDENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank You for being the BEST President EVER
President Obama was our hero--not a doddering old liar and thief in chief Cheeto.  HE got bin Ladin as you get children.
your no commander in chief
you've pulled back NOTHING yet, STOP US/NATO AGGRESSION!
Yes, you have created quite a mess in such a short time. How did you get our Special Forces kicked out of Yemen so fast?
please impeach yourself and do America and humanity a favor. You're embarrassing on so many levels.  #soDisappointed
McCain does not want to win in a war but be famous from starting them. End a war is to end need for him so start another
no new wars in last 8 obama years but it almost sounds inevitable that you will start one.
GOP is sad. McCain is real hero.
And he wants to be the Top POW. He didn't want any MIA talk casting any shade on his spotlight.
Thanks to President Bannon and you, #45
you're the start of problem resign you don't accept responsibility for your order to go ahead with the mission then get out
you are the conflict.
Dems are not used to feeling pain, but they will appreciate the results of reality therapy later on. Keep up the good work.
McCain has more integrity in his daily dumps than you'll ever have.
Our President - reduced to acting like little child insulting people! Donald - you don't realize how embarrassing this is?
McCain is just another DC pedophile. DC is full of lovers of children. Ask HILDABEAST.
I was appalled to hear about the phone line deal Obama put up for illegals entering US! I pray that is done!
you Dont need to be abusive to make your points. Being a rich man or American President does not absolve you of manners

Senator McCain won the popular vote in his election you did not. You lost the only election you have ever been in. #loser
and who do you think is causing all that? I've never seen anything like this in my life.
President Trump I voted for you please for the sake of USA let this go and come up with better way.
Bannon's puppet NEVER cared for the US, just his own fortune.  YOU voted for him anyway.
My tweet was about vetting  not Bannon. Since I brought it up. I did vote for Trump and would do it again given the chance
Until I have evidence proof that he has failed to live up to campaign promises. I voted for Obama in 08 never saw hope or
change it didn't take me long to understand I had bought a bill of goods from Obama.
release your taxes. Start an investigation into Russain influence in our elections
McCain is a big full time LOSER!
why? Why are you so pitiful? Admit to the American people your lies and deceit. #Resign your #IllegitimatePresidency #NOW
When you insult John McCain you insult me #McCainMyHero
John McCain was wasting away in the Hanoi Hilton,  while you clubbed in NYC. Little you know about sacrifice or winning
A Greek philosop. Once opinion that he who speaks has knowledge, he who listens has wisdom. Perhaps you should listen
do you realize why our country is in such conflict?
Sir with all due respect. You are giving us whip lash. Slow down just a bit so we can understand.
...wasn't Clinton a draft dodger?
So not even holding the highest office will give you any sort of class or decorum?

spends all his time trying to insult his RePub Senators.  I like where this is going.  Will be easier to start Impeachment.
Can we call you Donald Dumb from now on?
you should stop now
@SenJohnMcCain  McCain would've been a better prez. (He lost cuz of Palin) U know it. He's a war hero. Ur a war dodger.
"WRONG!"
but he IS going down!
No, sir, he is the hero.
this coming from a draft dodger. Wow.. So lets hear you trumps supporters defend this one?!!!!
Yeah while you were draft dodging he actually was tortured, you go through it a bit and see how much you like it.  Coward
the only mess is we've elected an absolute buffoon who is dividing our country to the breaking point.
I don't think bad mouthing a war hero is very presidential. Dump your Twitter account PLEASE!
America Stands With You Mr. President. Save us from the Liberal Dems intent on USA divisiveness, obstruction and globalism!
knock it off Donald!! Can't call this Presidential!
mr. President I hope you're watching Fox News they are on key!!
While John McCain was fighting over in Vietnam, you were here paying for abortions. What a creep!
WE DIDN'T NEED NO WELFARE STATE
Wow! Tres harsh, Mr. President! 
least he fought 4 our country. Smh. What u do? Oh build Great buildings. Lol. More like filed bankruptcy after bankruptcy
really, and you are not part of the problem??? Wow! Arrogance has no place on this planet!!!
You have no business criticizing McCain. He served. You didn't. Some young man like Ryan died there in your place.
And you are just making worse.
Please, Mr. President be respectful of others. O-K*
that's because the idiots of his #breitbartcult still think trump is god or sent from God and he can do no wrong
You're the Conflict !
so many haters, until the next attack happens, then they will say enough wasn't done, can't satisfy idiots.
you have a big mess to fix . But with gods help u can fix it.
did bannon tell you to say that?
.
You do realize how have the power to end this "mess" you speak of? That is something you CAN do.  Why don't you?
keep up the good work! Don't stop! You have real support! Just say "bye" to those who hate! Cali is the place for them!
You're 90% of the bogging down conflict.
