that's good Mr president. ..
Just get a mobility scooter already, you don't have the #stamina for a short stroll! How embarrassing! #G7Summit #G7taormina #cake #scooter
Remember this? Hillary campaigned with pneumonia. You can't handle a short walk in nice weather in a good day. SAD!
Meanwhile,  here are other world leaders, taking that short walk worn no problem. #stamina #FitnessGoals #HealthyLiving
Maybe Putin can pick him up in a limo next time so he can travel in style.

Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!...
The media is just working hard to keep us well informed of The Trumpster...thank goodness for the hard working press.
You were a huge embarrassment....a major flop! Please just stay at Mar a Lago with all the illegal people working for you! You need them!
If by "results" you mean ruined relationships with people we need then yes, big success

How Can #TrumpSupporters #trumpsupp not 

Is that a real photo? Michelle Obama was criticized for showing her arms
His wife showed a lot more than that believe me. Have you not seen the Internet photos
No, I've not seen the internet photos. Something tells me I don't need to! Ick.
2 mins ago you tweeted you landed in Italy? Senile much?
LOCK HER UP
Don't drop out off the Climate Accords.  You will cost the US jobs.
You pushed a foreign diplomat
Lol
We will see won't we? Now let's release pur tax returns and fix ACA do REAL tax reform that helps middle class not you and friends.
YOU. COULD. BARELY. KEEP. UP. SAD!
You humiliated yourself at almost every turn. Your people must only be allowing you to watch Fox News because the entire world was laughing.
We knew he was rude, but now we could see it for ourselves... OMG.
Welcome back, and in case you missed it: The UK is even covering this but the left-leaning MSM is MIA
Didn't Melania sue the DM for writing false, damaging stories about her? I'll save you the time and strain: yes she did.
Haha, Mike. Here are the declassified documents released this week that these reports are based on https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/icotr/51117/2016_Cert_FISC_Memo_Opin_Order_Apr_2017.pdf …
Same people who called Snowden traitor for leaking NSA secrets & fleeing to Russia suddenly care about spying & Putin. Trump's sheep.
Snowden is an American hero!
Go through the refrigerator and make sure there is no Russian dressing in it. That would surly get you impeached..
Great job. Poor losers don't know what to do
Somebody got his phone back. We hear the White House is putting together a team of lawyers just to review your dumb tweet rants. Ha ha!!!

Europe is drowning fr immig you must lead the way cut immigration down to zero except western countries.  Take on Newt Gingrich Ann coulter


Borat jokes are pretty busted, dude
Jeanine pirro will be fired by lachlan murdoch
Good job!
@Ari_Kos not normal not to walk after three yrs.  Pls suggest where to go for safe help.
yeah, no
Nice trip.. we had a lot of fun
Low energy Trump
We will see in time, remember you are following in the footsteps of other presidents so there is no ground breaking...facts
you do not have to explain yourself
you do what you do...do we can carry on in America! Damn right! Thanks to you Mr President!
I feel so safe and happy....it is no big deal
my dad was in General Patton's 3rd..You are one of them too..Finally a president in this day and age who gives a F ANDCARES
GJ Mister!!!
Thank You #MAGA GOD BLESS AMERICA 
Really? As someone who lives in Europe thats NOT how we see it. Youre not fooling anyone but yourself.
Speak about against the white supremacists you inspired who keep killing. Latest terror attack in Portland. No KKK no Fascist USA
Yeah. Bernie bro. Sure.
Great job Mr. President! Now keep fighting the hateful leftist liberal agenda here at home.
"When you control the information you control the minds of the masses."

Thank you for exposing how corrupt the media is. #boycottCNN
Please build that wall soon. We need it.
You are delusional. The floppy fringed freak is a laughing stock. He is embarrasing your country at home and abroad. #trump .
No....BHO embarrassed this country. Mr Trump is fixing 8 yrs of foolishness & stupidity.
No, Mary. Obama was respected around the world. Even if others didn't agree with him, he was still respected.
Not true....not even close!
Aww Mary poor little Russian troll.  Go back to your homeland.
Liar you had no stamina and couldn't keep up with the rest of the real leaders u manage to make America the laughing stock. LOSER!
America FIRST!
You will bring peace in the Middle East! These Christians being slaughtered will not be tolerated!

We also need to target domestic terrorists!
Antifa is domestic terrorist please watch YouTube project veritas undercover dnc bird dogging content of podesta emails Wikileaks Seth rich
What does this even mean? Did a dictionary just barf?
You sold arms to Saudi Arabia, insulted other leaders, your daughter got millions from Saudi Arabia, and you shoved a PM.

FANTASTIC!
But I guess it was ok for Obama to pay Iran 250 Billion as a rasom and to stop making nukes?Guess what dip Shit they are still making nukes
Hard work pushing other foreign leaders out of the way & having your wife recoil from your touch!
After everything he did, this is what you come away with? Pathetic.
Seriously, what did he do that was worth noting during the trip? Seriously
Peace in Middle East, and around the world. Investments in infrastructure. More fair NATO. Less tax burden on us...
I must have missed the news about Trump bringing about peace in the Middle East last week. Thanks for the heads up on it.
Is that why you had to tool around in your golf cart and take frequent breaks, while every other world leader powered through and walked?
How cute attacking the President about his gulf cart.
You don't think that was incredibly bad optics for someone who claimed over and over that @HillaryClinton didn't have the #Stamina?
Good thing that golf cart was there to carry your low stamina ass
yeah...big in the negative column
just out of curiosity ... why do you insult our allies, but befriend our adversaries?
on your next trip, please remember to try not to shove any other world leaders ...
His refusal to sit in the back of the classroom was intently impressive! Love his assertiveness!
Is assertive the new word for rude? Well, I guess we can say that this administration is assertive as hell!
There was nothing rude about it. He didn't "shove" anyone. He merely put America in front, as we should be. Use to Obama's cowering?
You view Trump's every move through fool's lenses. There is NO other way to see that move. None. He's a rude child, an embarrassment.
Seems to me that you refuse to acknowledge anything positive that he achieves. I see a patriot in the WH. It's about time!
What positive thing has he done?? OH. His wonderful polarizing impact on America? Yes, we were just too united. That's 1.  What else?
How fortunate for Europe you had someplace else to go. If only we could be so lucky.
I'm so glad you're back. I missed you. @MELANIATRUMP shall never find out about our love for one another! #Seshlovestrumpy
Epic failure for you. Pushing people to get to the front. Not listening. Getting schooled by Pope.

I don't agree What about Article 5 and what about climate change You have turned allies into possible enemies What are you doing?????
You embarrassed us all! Wake up or resign
comrade, but results for putin are not the same as big results for America. unless... all the rumors are true. 
#traitor
Hard work? @HillaryClinton traveled over a million miles, never complained about hard work or being tired. Never patted herself on the back.
You should have listened to Pope Francis a little more...
No golf this time ?
Hard work? You fat pig, you had to ride in a golf cart you POS
Israel is an important ally.
Laughingstock
You were laughed out of every country you visited.
You left with Europe hating you even more. That's a success?
You? Hard work? LMAO! What happened....Did you have to cut your own meat? #BUFFOON #LazyFatPOS
Think again. You're the only one who thinks it was a success.
You are a failure. Everything you touch goes bankrupt! #resist #impeachtrump
Hard work in Europe? Like when all the other worlds leaders walked down the hill and you had to ride in a golf cart kinda work? #STAMINA lol

Your idiocy astounds me less than your incapacity to recognise it. Case in point: 97% of Republicans think the trip failed
you failed, you left with no respect, no manners and hated for killing Yemeni women and children
Big, horrible results. You've alienated our European allies.
You acted like a boor (as usual) and embarrassed the USA (as usual), and in your book that is a big result. That's....really sad.
it's really hard not embarassing our country ,ruining relationships w our allies ,saving planet from climate change-oh wait
The muslim population's resistance to integrate will create a greater problem in Europe. A great gift from DeGaulle!
Great for who not our allies Oh I know your buddy PUTIN, FU and PUTIN
Are you joking!  You did nothing but embarrasses us and weaken are alliances.
GREAT GREAT JOB!! The True Americans(majority) respect and Honor your Excellent work in making America Great Again.
Who tells you this ?
You are the biggest failure on the international stage since Elivis Presley. We are doomed. What is wrong with you?!!
Haha
You were embarrassing on so many levels. Hid from the European Press, Disrespectful, Low Energy Golf Cart Tour, Middle East Suck Puppet.
We can definitely see that. With the First Lady dogging ur small little T. rex hands
yeay did you piss Germany off enough so that maybe BMW will stop manufacturing cars right here in America? Yeay!
I guess your definition of success is far different from mine.
Donald Trump acted like a "drunk tourist" who was "loud and tacky" when meeting with foreign diplomats, according to a new report.
You were a total embarrassment to America. And stamina? Having to ride in golf cart while others walked? Lose a few pounds
#realdonaldtrump I don't think success means what you think it means. #alternativefacts #resist
you are insane
Like a 5 year punk giving the finger to Italian speaker & smiling about it.Shows ur a classless streetthug pimp &kkk racist pig like ur kin
Really Donnie ?
Will you please shut up about how "hard" you're working? If it's too much for you, resign. If not, stop whining.
Cunt.
While you were selling the US, 3 heros in Portland defended the freedom/liberty of strangers. THAT is what makes America great.
Yes, big results, America is now considered a ridiculous third world country with a big boob for a president - NO not a or the leader of USA
Success will be when you run all these illegals out of this country practice what you preach
Great success? Is that your interpretation of letting the G7 know that you turn away from Europe?
We had so much fun while you were away.
Little work. No results, except negative, for U.S. Do you even pay attention to what you are saying?
Fake news.
Sorry u lost the handshake battle with Macron.  At least u were able to push the other guy out of the way & make it to the front of the line
You are out of touch with reality. You have alienated most of our allies. You rude, arrogant, stamina lacking, golf cart riding, jerk!
I agree with Rob 100%. Also, what is your definition of hard work, pushing Pence out of the way?
Thankyou
Not from what I've been reading
You have a bright future as a stand up comic.
You didn't have stamina. If you call embarrassing us in front of the rest of the world a big success then that's what you went there to do.
Congrats on a successful trip President Trump. You represented us honorably with strong, smart leadership. Very proud of you, FLOTUS & team.
Sorry.Your trip was a flop due to your stupid comments and boorish behavior.
At least You brightened up our PM's day... 
they hated you.
Trip was a *great* success??? You must be reading the "fake news" reports about the goings on!
If there is a domestic terrorist attack, and the other NATO countries don't help us, what will you do? Nuke all "the losers"?
Lmao. Try minimal results at best
your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY
In the eyes of the world you are a jerk!
Could u believe that ppl here in Europe think the opposite - big steps backwards.. SAD!
What results?!
You knocked it out of the park!  You made history!
USA will suffer climate change;  then you have to work !!!


U just ruined our relationships with Allies who paid in blood.lives.people their support. NATO.Did.More.ForUSA.ThanYou! #TheResistance
Drain the swamp Tiger
We saw more outlandish promises, preposterous claims (saving millions of U.S. jobs), and little evidence of a long-term strategy. Success??
i follow you in pictures, assimilating my observations.  I want to die for my country America unknown to others. A covet black mission pls
@robfunuun I'm thinking Spicer might actually be quite relieved if he's fired. I actually pity him. Kind of.
why do you keep lying to us?
Do you want a cookie
I think he wants a gold star next to his name, like in kindergarten
You've got too much covfefe in your covfefe.
Tell that to the biased media.
Great job!! Please drain that swamp!  I want to see heads roll!!!
Thank you Pres Trump for all that you are doing for America(ns)
Big results.  It feels great not to be pushed around by G7.
Name one.
Your trip was an unmitigated disaster for the US. Long held relationships w r strategic allies have been seriously fractured. In 1 trip.
