Trans are also sometimes unstable and can't take a insult, while some are stable and can fight I don't trust the ones that cry when pushed
Oh yeah? And “normal” gendered people are never unstable and never have mood swings? I am 100% sure that people who feel comfortable in their skin are much less sensibile because they are finally who they are. This is totally unclarified and stupid.
I never said that men or women aren’t unstable, it’s just proven that transgenders are usually more unstable than men or women.
You cant get in the military with flat feet, why is this any different. You need to be healthy not looking for free medical 
Why does it matter? If they want to help they should get a choice. I'm sure navy or airforce would accept them
Sick to see you treat service members this way. They do as much as anyone else, fight to protect our country, our families, and our lives.
Especially since #Trump served this country ZERO times. What a joke he is.
have you
Trump is pandering to alt-right, hate-filled, Radical Christians for whose votes he's desparate. His 'reasons' are simply lies & nonsense.

IF he asked ANYONE (which I doubt), they must've been the few Pence-like Generals blinded by prejudice.

This is #AnotherSadDayForTheUSA
You think they're not tough enough to defend the country? I'd bet they'd make you feel 6-inches tall, "strong-man".
What about us straight soldiers forced to shower with Gay soldiers gawking and hitting on us even after we make it clear we're not interested? "Don't ask don't tell" policy discouraged us from reporting. But who cares? Gays are more important, right?
"Oh no a guy hitting on me unsolicited makes me uncomfortable"
Tell them to piss off, if they persist, report them. They've been trying to repeal "don't ask don't tell" so don't give me that mess.
THANK YOU SIR FOR DOING WHAT WE ALL KNOW IS RIGHT AND FOR MAKING OUR MILITARY GREAT AGAIN !!!
Thank you sir. You honered your word. Thank God our Generals will no longer have to deal with bs going forward.
How can you believe in God and support this awful man?
Good job, if these trans would be allowed in the military they'd be reporting every officer for harassment.
There is no evidence nor credible proof to support such an asinine assertion.
They always make a big deal about being pushed and being touched, the officers have to do this and yell at them, to toughen them up.
But some Trans can handle military training and do fine, and I think that they can be allowed, but most Trans aren't like that.
You know every trans person then because im betting you dont know a single one??
There are plenty of videos showing how they act
You must believe everything you see or hear ! I am the Aunt of a Transgender AMERICAN and I will say he is absolutely amazing and one of the strongest people I know . Transgender people are everywhere and yo may not even know it . Keep your judgment to yourself !
You cant get in if you have flat feet. This is the right thing to do 
This has gone too far. People are people. These people should have the right to make the choice to serve our country. These people would...
we aint got time for some one planning to seat or stand to pee
Again transgender confusion is a lie that comes straight from the pits of Hell, it is an abomination unto God and it will destroy us.
Trump... gender does not define you as a person. How dare you say that paying for transition surgery is a waste of money.
It is not a human right to have surgery just because you want it.
So then don't go asking for surgery when you get sick.... life choices and all.
This Coming From an Old Draft Dodger Who Had 5 Deferments During the Vietnam War *Americans Who Are Fit to Serve Must Be Allowed to Serve
Thanks for having the guts to do what is right! God made them as they came into this world , i.e, boy or girl!  Our world is sick! Need God!
You need education.

This is a backward step. I disagree with it.
I Support President Trump On This Transgender Policy. I Would Not Want A Transgender In My Bunk House, Bathroom, Or Next To Me OnThe Battle Field.
Let our transgender troops march in your fucking parade, so you can stand and salute them for their service.
#Notinmyfoxhole
You don’t know what you’re talking about, these young men and women are giving there lives to protect us.
We all know full well you didn't consult anyone.  You are just trying to deflect from your trials.  Putting the US in danger for your own agenda.  Have some more fried food and help end this stupidity.  A heart attack would be the best thing that could ever happen to the US now.
if I walked into any job full beard and all with a skirt hairy legs and all and tell them "im a 'natural' woman" (the ones that dont shave) I GUARANFUCKINGTEE you I will get the "eh, we're not hiring at the moment" when they have a big ass "NOW HIRING" sign on the window.
Walk into any job in a banana suit, tell them you are a banana and tell me how fast they hire you...
this is about a stable psychology as well. If a straight guy goes to enlist and they find out he is not comfortable in his own body and has delusions that he is someone or something else - THEY ARE NOT PUTTING AN M-16 IN HIS HANDS!
and its not about trannys, its about:
"why should the government be forced to foot the bill for someones delusions?"
This is an embarrassment to your good work so far Mr President. There is no rational evidence to such ignorant claims. I have known plenty of UNSTABLE cis men and cis women and the simple fact and number of those with PTSD in hospitals and elsewhere.
I love how you’ll gladly accept their tax dollars, but deny them the same rights as every other US Citizen.
I remember the mob of murderous women when he spoke against abortion and now there will be a mob of transgender against him. Way to go trump. Must be doing something right:):) go trump, praying for u!
Stormy Daniels is coming for ya, Mr. Bone spur in chief

Trump is weak. He got out of serving in the military for bone spurs. Thank god no one had to depend on him on their team.  Silver spoon 1% are not survivalist.
surely what is important is the health and well being of any military personnel.?
You are a horrible, horrible person. I don't know how you sleep at night.  Also, I think something is terriblly wrong with your state of mind.  You are an embarrassment . I have never had such disrepsect for a President as I have for you in my 62 years on this earth.
Seriously!  Why is this guy still in power?  You should be thankful they are fighting for us. Please just resign already.
F...... you and the horse you rode in on, a..h.....
They don't even know wth sex they are and we pay for this bs. This is the biggest mistake the military has ever made. You will lose enlistments/officers  faster than butter melting in a hot pan. This is BS! We will be the laughing stalk of the world
There is no difference to a man or a woman in the military. So why are you trying to stop transgendered people join? Its literally the same thing. Just because someone went from man to woman or vice versa, it doesn't make them any less incompetent.
says Captain Bone Spurs
Are we serious? He’s kicking out transgender people now? Just as I thought it couldn’t get any worse.
Where did America's sanity go? I thought America was supposed to be one. THE UNITED STATES... I guess were divided and now in hiding.
It has been proven time and again that the transgender population has a mental condition.
My tax dollars should not pay for abortions nor should they pay for sex changes.
Shame you weren’t aborted 
* You worry about how transgender people fitness program would be hard. I just think that you don't like them. Where in the hell did your monstrous self-end up? Where did your sanity go?
Wow... I'm laughing so hard right now. I would think our president would have far better intentions then banning transgender people from the army.  You have so many people poor, dying, sick and you want to ban transgender people.
The problem is the transgender population wants free surgical procedures to change their sex funded by the American tax payers.
I pay enough taxes. Let them pay for their own sex change.
That's an ignorant and blanket statement.
Yes Sir!
Those Freaks don’t belong in our military!
Oblige them and put them on the front lines
2/2 - nahh, nahh sign? The Secretary of Defense works directly for the president. He doesn't work for any judge.
President Trump should do the same as Alfred E Newman did and ignore the lower courts. Seriously, what is an Appeals Court Judge going to do if POTUS just gives him the nahh,
The Executive branch and the Judicial branch are co-equal & Trump is C-I-C of the military. POTUS needs to ignore the ruling & start putting a “Stop to Judicial OVERREACH.”
are your sons enlisting?
No, they are all cowards.
They have hereditary bone-spurs. Like their hair, it's passed down in the chromosomes.

Well, you tried,
Please remove this tweet. It contains a word  banned by the President.
you were quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
Porn Queen shouldn't  b allowed 2 serve as #First Lady of the United States and live in Whitehouse disgrace 2 this country
absolutely agree-left's method to destroy military
IT IS ABOUT TIME TO STOP THIS CRAP.
Your legacy.
I'm not laughing.
A man that has never served; knows not about the bonds between fighting men; once your in the shit; the only thing that matters is if your buddy has your back. LGBTQ or not; does not matter. Trump again speaks about things he knows nothing about
I don’t care about sexual or gender orientation. After 24 years active duty I’ve learned it’s ability that matters. I DO care about fully funded elective surgery. Medical benefits should not cover.
Why do you hate the rule of law so much, draft dodger?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
the aging need more food stamps..no less than $100 per week


Wise move, protect them,as fellow cirizens we must.Just a matter of time before Vietnam style fragging would resume.
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and...
Fake presidents who collude with Russians should not be serving in the White House in any capacity. Soon enough you will be gone
Hahahah those lefties with there dumb ass arguments HAHAHA Help the transgenders, it's a mental condition and needs to be hospitalised.
this is true for his entire POS. .based on fake info!!
I’d like my tax dollars to pay for every single gender affirmation surgery, and then lock you up with whatever is left over.
They have been serving just fine.

I'll just put this right here.
US court bars Trump from changing military policy on service by transgender people. http://apne.ws/oVAEJ8f 
Treasonweasel
transgender is a severe mental illness and it has no place in the military
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
No trannies in the service!!!

Awesome absolutely mr president
Trannies wear only G-string to save taxpayer on clothings & increased GI food supply such as breast milk when they're surrounded by enemies!
this is literal demagoguery, this is un-needed, and un-necessary.
Who wants impeachment ????????
are your Generals under your freakin bed or in your closet? Do they tweet too?
Sir.  For someone who dodged the draft several times thanks to pappy's money, you have a lot of nerve deciding who can serve and who cannot.
afraid of their competition for Putin's affection
you were quoted by @nytimes
Wtf is wrong with you trans people are people and we are all equal it's not like you were giving them more money then anyone else Jesus
You are the one causing turmoil, not the transgenders.
@potus @Whitehouse

The cat...

@@ Donald trump is a coward...
totally agree!! also, the government should never have to pay for transgender surgery and therapy!
She got a Purple Heart the hard way, Mr. Heel Spurs! Not handed one undeservingly @ a lame rally.
You should be focused on Russia... you are going bye bye. Everyone will know what you did... Treason is not pretty.
What the hell are you afraid of? Maybe you will like one too much? You are the deviant not them.
Donald Trump. You are dragging everyone back to the stone age - please stop
I do not like you.
I believe you are making a big mistake. You see everything you do is something that is coming back to you. Karma
Having never been in the military, just what guidelines did you use in determining whether transgender soldiers are bad.
UR such a loser. Any 1 with skills, willingness, & capability 2 fight 4 our country--UNLIKE U--should be allowed.  FEW R willing these days.
Then only one of your sons will be accepted...you know which one is the like you.......he can join up.





you need to focus on not being a racist and ushering fascism, co signing racism & division of American people Unpatriotic
LIAR!!!!!!!
"Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you."  You meant "fight AGAINST you?" Must have been opposite day.  #MAGA #LiarInChief
A draft dodging coward tells Trans heroes they can't serve. #Impeach45 and #MAGA
What scares you?  Are you having sex with one?

#WSJ reports #Trump #WhiteHouse #TransMilitaryBan plan to #PENTAGON fulfills #predictions2017 #Transgender #Services http://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/08/aug2417-pertaining-to-place-of-assembly.html … 
Add another title to the many that describe Shitler Donnie: HOMOPHOBE.


bad goy
Well done! Good job sir.
so you basically will not give them healthcare? And are not willing to pay them?  What if son Barron says he's a girl.
Wow!! you do know this great country is a Democratic nation not Dictatorship? And the largest two political parties are the GOP & Democrats?
Trump is Satan. Pure Evil.
Next up gays, blacks, and women... fine with us!! We don't want to be apart of your bs any way!
Amen.  Alleluia.
Yes because the wall will be so much better than military personnel! ((SHAKING MY HEAD))
You suck
Looks like the US Navy are on track for decisive and overwhelming calamity. 4 collisions this year and counting.
All I'm saying is, you can't always have what you want . People want legs, arms sight and they can't have them. Pick another career then.
I would love to hear why they can't serve! Because they are the same people as us! 
#hatetrump
The psychological side of trans isn't something I could go through in the military. It's hard we need to focus on us and the process.
you're a sick man for this 
