While we are talking,  how about equality for Puerto Rico,  51st state and reopen Roosevelt roads naval base in ceiba Puerto Rico @Coqui4u1
I don't think Mr. Trump is up to the challenge. Prove me wrong Mr. President - that's 1 way to bring greatness to America. Puerto Rico #51!
Then you haven't paid attn, rocket scientist.  He just stared down a Nut with Nukes, unlike the ball-less former President. Wake up!
He can't even play golf without lying about what he shot……
How about the 63 marines he killed his first month in office. Or the multiple women he's assaulted. Or pouring fed $ into his accounts.
Probably not, seeing how aside from Clinton I have no clue who those people are.
Genuine question- if there’s gang violence what’s at the bottom of it? What are you doing to stop it? What do you have in place?
Good question. The answer is sad, he doesn't actually care, it's just rhetoric to divide us. But I think you knew that.
Does the media give a platform to hate groups? Worthy of discussion. But again he doesn't care, he just wants to vilify.
He does a lot of finger pointing but nothing to help. If guns are involved, what does he propose? What makes him better than any other p
Trump Model Agency?
Lying Donald Trump
As a part of "the media," @billingsgazette started a "No Room for Hate In Our State" campaign. We may not be the only ones with blind eyes.
Sir, I saw both speeches.  Perhaps you need to go back and watch yourself.  Your true  was exposed. Pls stop and focus on your job! 
RT @realDonaldTrump SOROS, OBAMA, JARRETT, RICE, & the #DeepState were behind the RIOTS/TERRORISM in Baltimore, Charlottesville, & Ferguson.
Sessions turns blind eye to antifa, hilly, Rice, mueller, Comey, wire tapping, illegals
Where the hell is he
Fighting MS 13. while sanctuary cities barber criminals
I agree... the media chooses what it wants to highlight and its is so frustrating!  Headlines are misleading
You're the hate minister, don't blame reporters for your failures.
The media gives a platform to hate groups? And what about you??? #OnManySides #SheriffArpaio
Over d decades students have been dumbed down. It's the same here4Australia who once ranked well on the global index
Too much' diversity and gender fluidity' crap and NOT enough where it counts....reading, writing, mathematics, science and history.
Only Theory and no Practical these days unfortunately.
Too many are coming out unable2read or write properly,do basic maths in their heads&most couldn't recite a poem or name historical figures.
@AlanJones devoted a program on this subject. It's appalling and we are failing our children on a grande scale.
Our student teachers are being offered remedial English courses before they start .
How can you get into Uni if you cannot read and write ?
Good question...but I know they lowered the entrance score for the teaching degree some time back.
It was only fourth year then teachers college when I was young. Matriculation was a bonus. They were keen those days.
You should know all about those hate groups, since you just pardoned one of the biggest haters on the planet #impeach
You need to change "the media" to "me and my administration" to be truly accurate.
The MSM gives virtue signaling coverage and platform justification for their criminal anti american stand and fools fall for it.....
Too much petty BS is clogging peoples brains. Impeachment is a nasty word and  President Trump hasn't done anything but help us. Get over it
One cannot take this man serious.
Yassss
Hate groups are comforted and supported by Democrats. Let that sink in... Marxists Hate Groups....with the Democrat's  blessings!!!
Says the fake President pardoning a convicted sheriff who is just as racist as he is.
Why are you so obsessed with the media? Focus on your job and stop watching TV
You are the platform for hate groups.
That wasn't gang violence. That was a bunch of people standing up to racism because their "president" fails to do so
The Fasist left are telling us who they are McConnell and these  who aid and comfort these globalist , they need to pay at the ballot box 

Real..?...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
We must recognise their sponsors & introduced to the American politic means lies & even murder . Who killed Seth Rich & Antonin Scalia?
Our respect to American police forces
#TrumpTrain is Being Attacked By #Terrorists #Antifa this Is My Story about #Durham NC MAGAFirstNews@gmail.com
#TrumpTrain is Being Attacked By #Terrorists #Antifa this Is My Story about #Durham NC MAGAFirstNews@gmail.com https://www.pscp.tv/w/bHR0QDFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MXlwSmRsbGxFakxKV7VY4KCmWHZrb5XzuI3cl5TxJ3WeCVwJ7PeWk6QjNJPH …
Pal that trump train is going off the bridge to nowhere. Enjoy the ride!
The American people are with you President Trump
I live in Chicago,media gives more time trashing @POTUS then they give on the violence. Only watch when the weather is on
Also blind eye to Hillary MAJORcrimes- corrupt w/impunity- everyone too chicken to prosecute worst criminals in history of US gov't..
Bwahaha Trump makes Hillary look like a girl scout, He proves daily that She would have actually made this country great unlike this clown
We have a troll-  new account almost no followers- just smear artist.. Bye bye @mtnskii
We Need Justice
Will we get Our USA Back
I Trust U
Not the people
Surrounding you! They might have different ideas in mind!
I'm worried!
Have faith sweetheart.
Thank You!
Yes I agree they should not cover hate groups or rallies.  Your Arizona rally was one big hate fest.
Being a veteran I vote that you are unfit for a command and I vote a vote of no confidence in your abilities to be a president
Why are you wasting citizen tax dollars on these wasteful rallies? I object.
You claimed 15,000 people attended when the arena in Arizona, but the arena only holds 4,200.  Wow.  Who's lying again now!!!
Why don't you stop blaming media for everything and be a President? Charlottesville required a message of healing, period.
Bring back law and order.
One of your own #GaryCohn feels @antifa R just Patriot citizens instead of hired by @georgesoros thugs of the Left 
#FireGaryCohn
While the idiots are out protesting their families are killing one another
Resign...#TrumpRussiaCollusion...resign...
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation...resign...
#trumpisaracist...resign...
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp...resign..
YOU give a platform to hate groups. YOU empower white supremacists and neo-nazis. YOU are the problem in America.
It's not the media, it's you.
DID I HEAR HATE AND HATERS 
#MSM 
#FakeNews 
#Haters 
#Harvey 
#CNNBlackmail
Demand sessions go after ppl financing these rent a mobs !

All this is not home grown,,,,Conspiracy social chaos is the goal,,,and no mention of it.....0 ...none...
As an #independent, not a Dem or Republican; they are simply using the "great words" you give against you and no more.
.. This whole #FakeNews campaign works I guess, since if they report something positive or that you like- it's not #fakenews anymore.

But what are you doing about gang violence aside from tweeting about it? #CommunityPolicing #Community #Diplomacy #Listen #Learn #Absorb
Yes, by giving YOU a platform, the media is in fact giving HATE a platform. Couldn't agree w u more.
MSM should stop covering ever ridic thing he says. He just wants RT aka Fox News that he can control. His paper of record is NatlEnquirer.
I def agree with that. He's given WAY too much airtime which only inflates his ridiculous ego even more.
The #AmeriKKKan government is the most dangerous gang in the world.
The Amerikkka gov't is a bunch of guerilla pimping gangstas with the most destructive narrative no soul fools 

Check out the photos and video of Donald Trump's pathetically small crowd in Phoenix https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/8/23/1692563/-Check-out-the-photos-and-video-of-Donald-Trump-s-pathetically-small-crowd-in-Phoenix?detail=emaildkre …
I would not turn a blind eye to your tiny jazz hands dance tho. Dancing orange nazis make me dizzy with desire.
All of LEFT/RINOs are supporting thugs, criminals, violence, fire them all @realDonaldTrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp
Hypocrit!! Wow!!! YOU give voice to hate groups. You support them and say they are nice. You are not leading the free world, only fake news!
The media gave the you a platform and they regret it now for sure. You are the very definition of hate, and your cult is a gang.
PHX Supporter! LOVED your TRUE MESSAGE on liberal media.It worked! Nat'l News actually reported news instead of solid 20 mins bashing U! 
Mr President the day Hillary is indicted all America's problems will be solved and the swamp will drain on its own trust me
I support our President.  I don't like congress, the news media or the victims of the democratic party called liberals..dividing Americans
Exactly Mr President
I agree, Breitbart has given a platform for hate..... and you basically have Breitbart in your pocket so you have given a platform to hate
No, this fool brings so much stuff that needs attention on a daily that there's no room for stuff that would otherwise deserve attention.
Get real! You are the one who has giving the hate groups a platform.
And the black on black violence. #realissues
Guns(brought into the black neighbrhd + drugs= gangs violence  #GodhelpusAll
Yep if they don't report it ....It's treated as though it doesn't exist....And that is dangerous!!
Shit, CNN has been relentless in Praising ANTIFA Violence. It's like they are coordinating or something.
Thine head is up thine arsh.
Not just the media but the Dems too
It's Quite simple Mr President those  Americans  who wish too Destroy our  Nation  Are Hiding Behind the 14th  Amendment  JFK 2 SDD
You don't know the root problem
@POTUS /erase our history, take down our flag and rename our country as they see fit. They hate America and want it gone.
Yeah,they've been covering The GOP for years
You give a platform for hate groups by supporting them. But then you are a white supremacist who has spoken openly of eugenics beliefs
Exactly! About time this was pointed out. #CNNisISIS
A wanna be king made of lies, bigotry, homophobia, racism, and world wide embarassment..have I left anything out?
Thank you Steven 
Your support of white supremacist is disgusting you should be ashamed of yourself
You just pardoned a racist/birther, you equate Nazis w/those protesting them, you chant violence & sexism: you are your own hate group.
We should pull there license.
Love how you left out "many sides" when you repeated your "perfect words" regarding Charlottesville. That makes *you* FAKE NEWS!

Correct bc they want those people voting Democrat just like the #Dreamers and #Illegals. #AnythingForAVote
I used to think it was only my message being kept silent; first amendment is dead via certain media organizations!
Yes the do.
ALL NEW AGENCIES, Expose what Hate Groups have done for 400+ years to Blacks and still are doing Selling Black Body Parts. Racism is Real.
So true. I can't believe how hateful people are to the Great leader of the free world. IOnlyKnowAHandfulThat don'tLoveYou.KeepUpTheGoodWork
Again, Mr President you are so right on! I now realize how very long the media has been running the country. Continue to drain the swamp sir
There is #Petition to Mr.#TRUMP to call #ANTIFA a #TERRORIST GROUP-It Should B added #BLM #MS-13 & any #Communist/#AntiAmerican Groups
#MAGA
Spot on 
All I wanna know is...
When they are out there protesting with hate and violence. Send in the police and let them do their jobs. Put them in jail. Jail the judges
Why is it not illegal to wear a mask at any demonstration?
Says the racist who pardons other racists! Hilarious(that means funny since its to big a word for you) #drumpf #ImpeachTrump
Why have they not impeached you yet, what are they waiting for,
You're the big mouth bigot with the platform giving comfort and support to the haters, your base. Nice try at deflecting but we're on to you
Uh, you not only gave them a platform, you gave them unwavering support! Hint: white supremacists are violent, hateful gangs.
So true
Trump and his nonstop hate speeches
You are the catalyst for hate groups! #ResignTrump
The media gives a platform to hate groups just like you enable them through your silence. KKK is a gang with violence in the US since 1800s
In all states including red states also did we mention the Italian mafia,Chechen mafia,Chinese mafia, Russian mafia in NYC
Gang violence has been cover since the birth of media imbecile also high indexes of unemployment rate in red states cause crime
You are so wrong
The Mainstream Media love crime, hell they are part of it.
I've never wanted to say "F*** you" to pres, raised to believe it's a position which commands respect. For u, though, I'd make an exception
Huh? You mean when they show your campaign rallies in full, like they've done since 2015?
Yescthe non news media Whores only print fake news they make up with George Soros and the Democrats. Hollywood shitheads are on that list.
Yeah the media needs to stop covering you because you are racist and sexist. #biglysadforamerica
Please declare "Martial Law" in Chicago...
Did you really like your own tweet?  LAME
You've already given a platform to hate groups. The media is just pointing it out. #YouDontKnowWhatYoureDoing
Why can't ppl just see and realize that ur a beast
Talking about yourself arent you? Leader of hate groups & Inciter-in-Chief ?
You promote hate groups, it has been a LONG time since this country has seen the blatant amount of racism rising throughout our nation
Lies. Suppression of free press is what dictators do. Hitlerian tactics will fail.
So sad no one reported as much all the pardons and exchanges Obama did! Trump haters want to make mountains out of any hills. Get over it!
No, Mr 45, you gave platform to hate groups and you started it during your campaign.
U ask for violence at rallies, then have gall to say this? Your admin IS a hate group, should we cover You?
The MSM IS a hate group!#MAGA
True that they give you and your sucklers too much of a platform.
Do you vet these paid Deplorables that you hire to stand behind you? There is one really BAD ACTOR behind your right shoulder.
At this juncture, your party is a hate group and has normalized and emboldened many other hate groups. Change starts at the top, guys.
I'm a teacher teaching kids to not tease. You're a VERY poor role model. #obamawasbetter
Yes, the media does give too much of a platform to haters, I complain about their coverage of you all the time.
#RacistInChief
The media gives a platform to hate groups? And what about you??? #OnManySides #SheriffArpaio
The media gives a platform to hate groups? And what about you??? #OnManySides #SheriffArpaio
So glad you are concerned about truly under reported inner city violence. If you want to help maybe you should restore funding to HUD?
Get the AG to go after the "donors/supporters"on these thugs. Why r they getting away with destroy our history? Socialism is the Swamp plan
The media needs to stop giving you and your hate group a platform
#MaraLago
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpTrain
#MAGA
#TrumpResign
#TrumpLies
#ImpeachTrump 
#ParasiteTrump
#TrumpTrash
#USNews
#GoThere
#Newsroom
Correct and SPOT ON
Boss, the #FAKEnews attacked you over your WORDS on Charlottesville, but has NEVER asked Rahmmy about the MURDERS in Chicago. HYPOCRITES !!!
Like how you turn a willing blind eye to the white supremacists and Nazis? You talk of responsibilities but you try to dodge yours.
We are not born to hate but we are born to love #BLM
But seriously folks, what has Mr. Trump done about Hate Groups and Gang Violence? The media gives more of a platform to DJT than hate groups
What about CRIME IN THE WHITE HOUSE?
Wow I see a lot of libs heads exploding Truth hurts Media are the biggest propagandist out there grow up people
YOU are giving a platform and legitimacy to hate groups. #resist #ResistTrump #impeach #ITMFA #ImpeachTrumpNow #Impeach45 #NoKKK #NoNazis
Well the Neo-Nazi Gorka is gone but the Racist-in-chief Trump is still hard at work pardoning criminals!! Still waiting for the winning! Smh
Your right they do give a platform to hate groups...your talked about daily.
Says the man who refuses to strongly, and immediately, denounce the KKK.
Look who is talking, the biggest liar of them all.
ImpeachTrump
Talking about yourself arent you? Leader of hate groups & Inciter-in-Chief ?
Safety at a Trump rally depends on who you are and what you look like.
They said on CNN that people were pouring out the building halfway thru his speech - they just left!!!  
I know it's sad but Republicans are more mature dad
You defended hate groups though
Then my suggestion is for you stay away from the FAKE media.  But, you need them to make sure you get the publicity you crave.  Be honest.
your platform is spread throughout the media and it nothing but hate. #shamefulpresident, #the@realsexualpredator
Agree, the media has been your hate speach a platform from day one.
You have given a platform to hate groups by putting people who support hate groups in your cabinet. News does report on our cities violence.
#realDonaldjTrump The hate group must be in reference to the rhetoric you spew at your various campsign rallies.
We don't need an actor, we need a leader
Didn't you gave hate groups a platform and a free pass.. Yes you did.
YOU ARE THE ONE GIVING PLATFORM TO HATE GROUPS BY SAYING THEYRE GOOD PEOPLE YOU DELUSIONAL MONSTER
No trump Thats what you do
The media wasn't the one ignoring all the people with Swastikas champ.
blind eye to gang violence. Pretty sure it would take two seconds to find news articles on gang violence in news sources.
Recreating reality
Give it a rest.  Realty TV has jumped the shark. Only bathos
WTF is he talking about?
TRAITOR, AND COLLABORATOR WITH NATIONAL ENEMIES. THE REAL NEWS KNOWS WHAT THE FAKE PRESIDENT REALY  IS.
YOU gave rise to the hate groups, YOU brought them out, YOU incited them, YOU emboldened them, & YOU have made it clear YOU approve!
Wtf are you talking about?!?!? I am still amazed at your stupidity
By repeating and reporting what YOU say
