The only reason Obamacare is having trouble is because of the way YOUR PARTY crippled it!
It became Trump Care on January 20, 2017 when he became president. He owns it!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. h...
Along with Healthcare Donald Trump continues to fail America you can opt out of buying Insurance up out of health insurance for one year screw the health care company
Worst president Ever!! Liar in Chief where is the great healthcare plan you promised on 1rst day of presidency?
Maybe we could get insurance companies to cover fitness or gym memberships to combat overweight or obesity. The doctors could prescribe.
You are talking to the man who swears that exercise is unhealthy and he won't do it. Good luck with your attempt to educate him.
President Trump, we have much confidence in you and think you are a super man.
You and Russian banks, lady.
Failure is your legacy. You are hurting Americans every way your turn. @POTUS
@PamelaRamseyTa2  Fatso, obesity is a pre-existing condition. U won't be covered under the new TrumpCare.
I wish your dad had PULLED OUT!!
YOU CANNOT REPLACE IT! Must be abolished N let the free market go to work!!!
you are wrong. Haven't you seen to protest to keep it alive!
Repeal. Return to States for oversite and allow Interstate commerce.
from everyone that even just looked at your chart. Insurance companies pay what they want to and we live in a lake of debt attacked
A lot of the problem lies with the high cost of medical. Hospitals charge whatever they want unchecked. Then there's the massive medical.
Stop with the lies and fund the PPACA with our tax dollars. Fix what is wrong and stop wasting our money.
ops  better get busy & get n touch w/ins com so they w/know u w/pay ins premiums until after election 2018 Rep say they won't have 1 b4 then

Thank you Mr President!
@20TrumpDonald16 that's a lie. Obamacare isn't breaking. Well just keep tweaking it. YOUR CONSTITUENTS want Obamacare.
looks like you failed at your very first legislative attempt. SAD
yeah? How'd that go?
@20TrumpDonald16 a You're abandoning us? Not going to work through a real repeal & replace? No MAGA March, I'm so done!
ha ha ha #loser
people who have Obama care don't think its "failing."
Trump are is collapsing already.  $20000 insurance premiums for 65yo-s is a complete joke.  Millions to have no insurance!!
@20TrumpDonald16 stop listening to RINO Ryan.
@20TrumpDonald16.     DON'T TRUST PAUL RYAN. Recording released of True Ryan's intent.
you got the presidency, stop lying now and using your own Alternative Facts to support a failure to deliver on campaign
ObamaCare IS Failing.  Definitely!!
@MikeNeedham  Mr. President- this Bill is a failure to fulfill your promise to Repeal Obamacare. If this pass dark stain
You have no idea what to do to fix it. @canigetsomehelprunAmerica
Mr President, replace Obamacare with Medicare for all US citizens.  Simplicity, fairness, save money.  Let's discuss
@KaylaLange so none of u have any clue because obviously u and u families are healthy. Ask a sick person
You will drop Healthcare  like you  drop every promise  made to American people. Too little  brain, even smaller than hands
You are a morally bankrupt criminal selling your country for personal gain. We won't rest until you're locked up.
get Obama care out of here!!!
the real demon is the cost of healthcare by pharmaceutical companies, doctors, hospitals,etc. Do something about this.
-- When and how?  A true president offers solutions, not criticisms; and acts, rather than sputter rhetoric.
Sir, fix it. Please make it Trumpcare!
YOU, Mr. Prez, continue to fail America and our allies!!!
Humana says they are NOT quitting Obamacare. They say you are LYING, as usual.
give the guy a break.  It took the last pres many years and billions of $$ to give the American people a BAD deal.
I became unemployed.  Because my ui of $450/week is over some bs threshold I am dropped, so now, no insurance BROKEN??
health care has been failing Americans for decades
Actually it's working. Don't be stupid and repeal it, just fix the few issues that need fixed.
blah blah blah...You can talk. What's your plan? We're waiting.....
You continue to fail. Looking forward to impeach and replace.
let's get going..... enough. You need a strong women to get you going!
Mexico criminal heaven.
Lose all if you go to Mexico.
we shouldn't have universal health care. Assistance for those who need it but can't afford it, maybe. Don't know the answer
absolutely.
the premiums are so high. It has to be tweaked. Our social security needs to remain intact, but Medicare needs to expand
don't forget to have a replacement for the Affordable Care Act that provides for the least of our brothers and sisters
I did sent you a message at the in box
I bet you would like my information in this case !

we all know that's bullshit Donald, all you are going to do is line your pockets.
The funding source for Obama care is relying on   penalizing people who can't afford it. Recipe for disaster.
come to Dayton Ohio the state that won the election please thanks God bless you
Healthcare should be a right for all. Make America Great by making a sliding scale according to income.
That happens when you have an entire political party working against the program & The health and well being of the people.
Your wishy washy approach is making it fail. You need one big group to spread the risk. Single Payer. Medicare for all.
You're not alone! Stay the course!
You are POTUS. Guess what? You own ACA now. So call it Trump Care.
Get your nose out of it and fix it NOT get rid of it. Paul Ryan better get his facts straight.
I work at one of the largest insurers, see their numbers and they have made $ on Obama care vs pre-Obama state programs
Now the problem is with the insurer. Should be how to pay for it. Pay plans should begin at birth.
There's a misunderstanding of the objective capabilities of ObamaCare& it's  relationship with increases exp.in health care
Let's be clear- the rates went up & companies are leaving since Trump was elected
Blame #Trumpcare starting 11/8/16
Citizens are in need to be explain the general, structural and functional reasons for the necessary CHANGES in Obama Care.
a
that have food stamps. So if you reapeal this you are not just making immigrants mad you're making Americans mad
and we all know it's going to be 1000%worse. "immigrants"are not the only ones on food stamps. There are born Americans
let's get this straight. We all know you're just going to change"Obama Care" to "Trump Care"
pfft. No one believes this...not even you.
show the American people the real facts about your make-believe plan now.It doesn't exist until we see it! #TrumpcareISFAKE
hi
22M insurered. Facts. People have health insurance. Embrace. @MikePenceVP
I don't think you have a plan for replacing the ACA. Prove me wrong and I will support it. You are a fraud.
Obamacare helps small business owners like me who don't get health insurance through an employer.
Stop hating Obama Care You don't have it I do 4yrs My family has insurance Our rates went up $4.00 in all that time TRUTH
, Keep going. We are going with you
We don't want a single payer system to replace Obamacare. We should go back to the way things were before it took effect.
just repeal it.  Don't replace it.
because of this they are trying at 40 to put me in a nursing home I have a 14 year old kid i want to be with
Trump Administration continues to fail. Remaining supporters to pull out in 2018. Will impeach, replace, save sanity of ALL
poor Humana...paying health care bills for people who bought their insurance....
Affordable care worked for me, worked as long as I could. Disabled due to chronic health conditions. What's your plan?
You won't be here in 2018. You won't be around to replace it. Ever hear the phrase "if it ain't broke, don't fix it?"
You think it is failing because you are JEALOUS that it is working. You just have a need to wreck things and destroy us.
why are you so awful?
bullshit!
Good I'm so happy your our president!!
I read what you said about Americans getting off welfare and I agree
you can't believe what these people get from our government. It is reputable.
We are all screwed. You're screwing our country into the ground.
Have you ever bothered to count which states work and which don't? I know several state didn't even try to function why?
Donnie, Donnie.  When you tell lies, your nose grows, not your dick.
ALL Americans?
Did you know that most Countries PROVIDE healthcare for everyone at NO cost? Talk to Justin Trudeau for advice.
you were supposed to fix Obamacare lol
Hope it happens soon. Healthcare premium went up over 60% last year. Keep up good work. We are praying for you.
CASH ME OUSSIDE HOW BOUT DAT
HEY WATCH OUT OBAMA GOT THEM GOONS
Politicians silence on the only fix for obscene healthcare costs is deafening #Obamacare https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdCh1PuFq54 …
Keep big pharma from exploiting us and give us freedom. That's what we need.
America doesn't need the federal govt minding our medical business.
thank you!
Humana has a history of this, in 2000, they pulled out of MO, leaving retirees to find new plans which were by then $$$$$
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/auto-delete-your-facebook-account-after.html?m=1 …
Go Go Go, were behind you all the way, west texas
I depend on Obama care. Listen to the people not your dictator heart
Make America sick again.
THANK YOU!!!
BCBST dropped out of most of Tennessee last year. Humana was only other option, Now?  FOCUS ON MEDICAL COSTS, not insurance
Another lie.
love you!
You continue to fail!  Your stupidity is laughable and sad!
Obama care is the best thing that has happen for americans
u have yet to explain with what
It's IMPORTANT INFORMATION relate toCHANGES in Obama Care plan&evaluated for possible implementation be OBJECTIVELY explain
Necessary OBJECTIVE explanations to citizens is necessary. In order to implement the plan & functional CHANGES toObama CARE
@nytimes @washingtonpost The media  commentaries if not substantiation exist based in government ACTIONS create confusion.
dislike
it's become a bureaucratic mess - doc's are afraid of decisions - just keep $$testing- passing off patients
Obama Care, ti's enough to make you feel sick.
@rharrisonfries thank you Mr president
I don't want to pay for others to have what I don't have. No to be taxed for not having health care that is a dictatorship
i don't have Humana
ok, so what's your plan? Facts, figures, names and dates please. Until then the whole world knows you are talking crap
Why no mention of sisteract MYCARE?  it's socialized meds for disabled and elderly! PLEASE take it away too!
please Donald do not put everybody on healthcare. We want heathcare in the hands people. Not government.thank you.
Where's the healthcare replacement you've been promising? Reveal your plan!
THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT IS WORKING, JUST ASK AMERICA.
ok
it's called the ACA.  Anyway, let's talk about Russia.
Add what obama couldn't a public option!!!!! Eliminat e the middle man taking our money-the insurance companies!!
Yeah right. The Repubs have done nothing in eight years. What makes you think they can do anything now?
Since you don't have to worry about the availability of health care, you really have no right to any comment. We want ACA.
Your caps lock is on.
then replace it with single payer insurance like all you government workers get!
spent 100 million for the obama trip to Africa when he should have been WORKING ! Mandella family would not talk to him!!!
just as your policy of birtherism failed so will YOU
Then pls get a plan in effect,  ALL TALK NO ACTION...SAD
Liar, liar, OMG I wish your pants would actually catch fire, any/every time that you lied. We could power the entire globe.
Aaaaaand what's your replacement plan? #AnotherBrokenCampaignPromise = #Liar
there you go! Believing big money. I see the benefits of the ACA daily. People who were once denied receiving care.
U R still pissed off bc of that DC dinner when obama returned some flack you gave 2 him. In fact U R very vendictive Growup
@JOETGFB it would be nice if the left idiots realized this and not blame POTUS
Make sure they spread the word to the media and America why they are pulling out. Just like President Trump had stated.
I have seen no evidence of the "saving" you speak of?  Humana would prefer we all died and they got bonuses!
-WITH WHAT? WHEN WILL YOU REVEAL YOUR PLAN?
oh no!!
,GOD BLESS AMERICA AND YOU WHO DOESN'T KNOW I'AM,BLESS AMERICA FATHER FOR SOME KNOW WHAT THEY DO,PRAYERS FOR ALL THAT RLOST
,So many people who don't understand what and who he is and when you know he has touched you're heart,It's so Amazing GodBl
,Need too come together, Dose it have too be something bad for us too come together I Pray That God's mighty hand's touches
,The people have Voted and we have a Great President,I know some of u Lib's are saying his not my learder, Yes he is we ..
,Who hurt them but it's going too stop now, If you get caught out braking the laws your foodstamps are taking away,And the.
I wish would fail harder and fall into a woodchiper! That would be the best #fail EVARRRR!
,Give no ONE the right to destroy and hurt people and our Law Enforcement agencies who provide protection even for those..
,Leader who is bringing God back in schools and honored our Flag that so many died for, 1ST and the 4th amendment ďosnt
,Because they can't take the time to talk with you because of the lost of time is the lost money,But God has given us the..
,Obama care,So much is killing insurance companies and doctors; For I have talked to my doctor's and you only have 10min...
they will give us something good, Rand Paul and others, but  now rather than later, they should know by now, go do it guys
