You sound scared. Also, get off twitter and do your damn job!
He's going to block you soon, Billy. That's his way of eradicating people who see him for who he truly is: a vindictive, insecure ignoramus.
He blocks people and thinks they can't figure out another way to see his immortal prose. I have NEVER SEEN A BIGGER ASSHOLE in my lifetime.
This is absolutely the most absurd thing I've seen in my life. The president blocking people, to save his feelings. I'm just mind blown.
It's also problematic, bc he chose to make it his official communication form with the public. He can't communicate with only supporters.
I'm truly curious to know if that could possibly cause some legal trouble. He is purposefully denying citizens of information he releases.
OMG read a book
I have read many books? Is there a certain one you would like to recommend?
It's called welcome to the presidency where consistent whining, deflecting, lying and shady business ties are generally frowned upon. Duh.
Trump isn't above the law. Thank God the founding fathers gave us the Constitution 
The Constitution is only as good as those who are willing to defend it.
Or read it
How do we know that #tRUMP 
has no dealings with Russia 
if he’s still hiding his tax returns?

Why can’t he just release them?

Oh, right!
Why is the left so angry and mean? Grow up DJT won it's over #liberaltears
Aw sweet of you to think it's that simple. It's cute.  Really.
I know I'm sweet I'm a right winger. When you win you win and you shake hands and move forward like an adult.
???
Am I the only one PYSCHED to see The Briefing back?!? 

Missed ya!

#ImStillWithHer
I'm so frigging happy & almost crying. Taking this as the official campaign joining the #Resistance! #StillWithHer 
I'm with you with her with all of us in #TheResistance!!
What are you resisting, America first? Who would you like to be first?
"America first" is not a fucking person that'd require the "who" pronoun. Try again.

Do you realize the sacrifice of that flag marking. Probably not
Criminal law 101: Hillary was VICTIM of Russian hacking, whereas u COLLUDED with hackers. Typically they prosecute criminals, not victims.
I gotta say actors and actresses need to keep politics out of the spotlight. You're loosing fans, 13 years of watching to listen to this????
11/10 sarcasm. *applause*
you're tweeting this from under your desk aren't you?
Missed your outrage yesterday at that Trump supporter who shot at and hit a bunch of people.
shut up
Did you spend all day thinking of that?
Hillary's investigation is over. You seem pretty nervous about this ol sport. Twitter meltdown lvl 681 lmao
Trump on twitter today:
I think it is every day! Lol
She sold 20% of our Uranium to Russia.
and if you want to get right to it, same thing as allowing a foreign govt ownership and access to nuclear materials inside our own country
You still think you are campaigning six months into the job.
Has it been 6 months? feels like 6 years
This is going to be the longest 4 years ever, we are going to hear so many more crazy things ahead
Hopefully it won't be 4 years.
You seem to still not realize you're the president.
Because he's a FAKE one. He didn't win fairly. You know that, right Donald?
@realDonaldTrump,
It's "Hillary Clinton's family" not "Clintons." There is only one of her, not 3 million. Like the popular vote.
Love this! Touche!
#shitmypresidentsays
You still talking about Hillary? What she eats don't make you shit. You talk about her more than she does herself. Geesh!
She put a spell on you
He's never been innocent. He is clueless how innocent people act.
I feel like we are the ones who are going to age rapidly during this presidency.
Maybe it has to do with one of you being president and the other not so much
EXACTLY!  What's not to understand???
Because you're President. M'kay? :-)
Your verified - he'll block you 
One can only hope.....
Not within his skills set unfortunately.
Unfortunately, you ignorant buffoon, @HillaryClinton is not our president even tho she kicked your ass in the popular vote. That's why.
Percentage wise, it was hardly a blowout. Either way, he swept the electoral -all that really matters. Her arrogance lost.
And his bigger arrogance won
That would make 1 thing he actually knows. For the rest he has the knowledge and appearance of a carrot.
ah yes the "i know you are but what am i" defense, classic stratagem
Can't defend Trump?  Distract them with "But Ohhhbaaaaammmmmmaa...!" or "But Heeeeeelllllllary.....!"
So what you are saying is you ARE, in fact, under investigation. Bummer, hey!
Right! He was asked yesterday and he said no in a quiet quivering voice
Weird visual you painted there! :)
You sir, are obsessed with Hills. Like text-book obsessed. Clinically obsessed. Is this simply a crush rebuffed? Because it kind of matters.
He also has a major hard on for Obama. Like I think he loves him but hates him because he can't have him. And I mean that biblically
If only @HillaryClinton was our prez.Instead of waiting for your ass to be busted for obstruction of justice, we'd be on @Beyonce twin watch
Can someone get us a working President? Ours just sits around crying on Twitter.
"How come the police aren't investigating all the people that were chopped up and eaten by THAT GUY over there, huh?!"
—Jeffrey Dahmer
Perfect analogy!

You're literally the president 

That's why

Besides, if you weren't guilty then you would be talking about it so much you actual toe nail
he should be president of twitter not usa
Because she's not the president.
Selling a Huge Stockpile of our Uranium is a BIG Issue & taking $ from LGBTQ/ Women Oppressive Countries 
2 reasons: 1) Hillary isn't president, you are. 2) Everyone close to you has met with Russians (after they helped you win) & lied about it.
You are making losing great again, Don! Yes!
Because the Clinton's have spent their life in public service, you have spent your life being a bully in business, with lawsuits galore!
Public service?  Beg to differ, soundly. They have served themselves..at our nation's expense.
That's certainly true about Trump.
Please render your example.
He cozied up to the Chinese, then suddenly 9 of his company's trademarks that had been turned down were approved in China.
We're you aware, Bill closed all the rare earth mines in US..we had to rely on that same China, for our supply.
Because she isn't the President. You are.
He really was not ready for this job. Never wanted to be the winner, just the loser. That's his perpetual posture.
Keep crying #snowflake
Are you running in a new election right now? Or are you rehashing the 1 where YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE? #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia @funder
If it had to depend on popular vote  would have campaigned differ & won that .but it don't so that's why he's president.won where it counts
.Sounds like you're saying we shouldn't even bother vote in elections.Who gives a f*ck,right?If being Amer citizen doesn't count,why bother:
Why is it you spend so much time worrying about Hillary Clinton instead of getting to the bottom of exactly what Russia did to our election
RUSSIA didnt do shit...stop guzzling fake news
Wow
Even Jeff sessions and Donald trump publicly acknowledged Russians interfered with our election
Where have YOU been
As they like to say, " crickets"
Exactly
She ain't the president.  You are.
You know what makes me happy, Don?  Your fear sweat.  You reek of it. And you should be afraid - you're a bad man and the law is coming.
Still deflecting gurl??? 
Guilty conscience? Stop projecting. Step down!
You're right! How about everyone who we have suspicions about back alley dealings with Russia gets evicted from the White House?!?!?! #maga
That's a wonderful idea!!
Jan. 20, 2017
Because you're the president you Fucking inept loser!
In a cheap coffin.
No box; let @realDonaldTrump rot out in the sun.
The obsession continues. I'm going to file a restraining order against you on her behalf.
Because you "won" the election, remember?!
STOP with the US vs THEM crap. WE are ONE NATION, UNDIVIDED. Stop generating false anger and hate. You are the president. ACT LIKE ONE.
Dear Mr. @POTUS — To answer your question: it's because she is not POTUS. You are, so own up to your own crimes.
Cos Dems are demons, you don't LOOK AT demons in the eyes,....Some have CROOKED eyes...
Because YOU'RE the president you moron!
Because the left & the fake media don't let facts get in the way of their rhetoric!
Special Counsel has a conflict with his relationship with Comey Who knew Comey would commit perjury and admit leaks when Mueller appointed?
BECAUSE they all need to be fired or watched at their jobs to catch them doing the dirty work of leaking crap...shut them off from security
@POTUS if there's any justice, HRC and pals will go to prison. We patriots know who the corrupt/criminal players are. May all of them pay!
Because  @realDonaldTrump the Republican committee cleared her.  But you, not so much.
WE DEMAND AN INVESTIGATION INTO THE CLINTON'S, LORETTA LYNCH, OBAMA, SOROS, FBI, DOJ, THE DEMS & the RINO's! This goes DEEP!
#DrainTheSwamp
Because the russians own you lock stock and hotel
NO they own You! because a DEMOCRAT SOLD THEM THAT ABILITY!

Because you're the treasonous, cheating-at-the-elections president pehaps?!

probs because you're the president?

If yours are 'non-dealings' why are you firing staff & blocking the investigation? They've got you! #LockHimUp #ImpeachTrump UR a Bad Hombre
Because you are fighting the Deep State Shadow Government. Because they don't want to be exposed, or lose power. Plain and simple. We see it
PREACH
THEY STILL SHOULD BE LOOKED AT !
Absolutely what is driving us all nuts out here! Talk about collusion- HA!

Because Liberalism is a severe mental disorder Mr. President.

You must have the hots for Hillary because you say her name at least 50 times a day. Or do you have the hots for Bill? He has big hands!!
@robertmueller

#PresidentTrump is correct, and any thoughtful person who actually cares about the truth, can not ignore this inconsistency.

May have something to do with the fact that she's not the president. But I could be wrong
Trump let me try this again @HillaryClinton Had a private email server and too much experience that is all and let's not forget this

Simple answer
Dam strait skippy
I voted for you but will not support your cuts on Medicaid so that you can fund tax cuts to the wealthy
He wants to make able people who have been having babies to get more subsidies and laying around to go back to work.
Possessive plural. Apostrophe needed. Basic competence in grammar should be required for the presidency.
Why don't someone look in to What Maxine said about Obama ? She said He had something big he can look at anyone !
Went completely unmentioned by news outlets! He rolled it into his nonprofit is what I heard, yes? So tax funded info he stole?! #SPY #THIEF
#shame #openeyes #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
i think they paid off the prosecutor. The Clinton's are nasty people!
But God will turn things around so it will be on them not you.
Because they want you out because they lost!! Sore losers and whiners with pacifiers and diapers!
All is lost

bc they R all corrupt as well!  they have something 2 hide or they wouldn't be acting like this.  INVESTIGATE THEM & C
Also, Hillary's National Security Advisor didn't resign for secret illegal work for foreign governments.
*Clinton's
Trump virtually admitted to knowing about info Kremlin lawyer was allegedly going to provide to Donald Jr.
Because what she did was not a crime. You on the other hand cannot buy your way out of it this time POSPOTUS
Because Establishment Dems are looking for a way to throw you off the WH Throne. Persecute, Prosecute, Impeach, or...they'll keep on tryin'
Man Toddler

Your the president of the United States.   No one cares what the clintons are doing.
Isn't that obvious Mr. Trump? That's the price of being a president! Do your job right an there will be nothing to look at
Hillary Clinton released 30 years of tax returns.  And health records. You've done neither.

Oh and Russia hacked DNC and propagated fake news to help you not HRC. HRC also doesn't love Russia like you do or ask them to hack.
Because they are not the president.  #Duh
POTUS, have Sessions order Mueller to expand scope to include HRC emails and money trail to/from Russia. He can, or refuse & resign.
Because you're guilty.
5) Your advisors have financial ties to Russia
Let me remind you sir, (regardless of JUST HOW unqualified) YOU CHOSE to run for presidency and managed to somehow win. Now deal with it.
HOW ARE YOU STILL ON THIS!? Grow up and accept responsibility for what you've done.
#obamaspied
#rigged

Because they are protecting her by throwing you under the bus. Don't let them put you in a corner @GOP needs to stop the witch hunt.
So FIGHT BACK, SIR! Start firing deep state leakers; appoint special counsel to look into CGI & obstruction by AG Lynch & WJC. FIGHT!

Hey Dimbulb, I'll play your silly game .Because YOU are under Investigation, NOT HILLARY. Clear? Glad we cleared that up. #ImpeachTrump
There was a time we begged you imbeciles to #BringBackBernie so suck it up, The #DirtyDems lost so get over the 

Oh...you're KNEE DEEP in "Dealings" You wrote the "Art of the Russian Collusion Deal" and you know it. Blame H for your Sins...#CowardFatAss

How do they get by with it . charges should be made on all involved. Get them mr. Trump
Donald you are president stop talking about Clinton this bs worked during election Russia helped u now u r on your own

Why is it that you are such a whiner @realDonaldTrump? I mean for crissake, you whine worse than my children. #DumpTrump #TheResistance
--Why don't you stop blaming or using Hillary Clintons name every time you or someone in your family does something stupid-
You are so jealous of her...you just
 can't stop yourself!!
Because your dealings are wrong....
Perhaps because Hillary has never said that she admires Putin. She's never said she wants to make business deals with Putin.
Because the left has infected the rule of law with the end justifies any means and those with in the justice system have sold out the constitution and their oath to that constitution it’s time to clean house flush out the upper echelon of the FBI and the DOJ.
Hillary perjured herself.

#LockHerUp
right, we should investigate and jail her if she betrayed America and the West

Because you are the President now in office, even though you are as dense as depleted uranium!
Dems only chance to rescind your election is to find collusion with Russia. #WitchHunt Patriots are with you President Trump

She is not the president. You are.
Fake news
Don't you have a job to do? Evidently something from the past is bothering you..

Conflict of Interest Swamp Rats!
Because they don't owe hundreds of millions in loans from Russia, you bankrupt traitor.
We must end this.Dems r linked 2 scandalous ties with Russia. Mueller being told 2keep focus on Trump camp. & We still pay 4all these games!
NO ONE WORSE THAN YOU.
AMERICA KNOWS THE TRUTH! We stand Behind you 
#Trump2020 #MAGA 
Bcas of ur provoking tweets. U insult ppl. U don't address real issues.
Non-dealings? U do everything short of giving Putin a BJ on TV + follow the $. @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN @maddow @billmaher
President  Trump, that is a very good question, In  Which I do not have an answer. You are facing g a lot of obstacles.
DEEP STATERS!!! A true David vs Goliath!! Trump has to succeed or were doomed
because the deep state are out to destroy you ! But "WE The people Love you!!
We woukd like to know. The swamp is deep it's time for accountability
Because Dems is a mental disorder you can't treat with logic
Where is there justice? We might as well be in russia or n korea!!!
You are in charge.  Do something about it and stop whining.
Because they r afraid and as long as they keep  u in the front lines of the media Mr President, they divert themselves from view. Bless you!
Because you kept so many Obama appointees in place! Get them out; hire patriots!

Stop blaming others for your lies and mistakes. A real man would admit to his faults.
Exactly

Exactly what I have been telling you!  Sic @JeffSession on them!! Special prosecutor for her #NotGood #Peope
If #Trump has a relationship with #Russia that preceeded election2016, it's not nepharious. Both just want to defeat the evil #NewWorldOrder
That's a good question? GOP is in charge and Democrats are dictating agenda? #weakGOPleadership
They are upset because you're not confessing to a crime you didn't commit. (We will continue until we make up the evidence.)
Investigators should be ashamed of their  investigating of Hillary!  She is guilty and getting away with it.  She is a professional thief.
Cos you're the boss. The buck stops where?
OMG! Why cannot we accept who wins the presidency anymore. We just went through this with Obama, now the same thing!
Problem is...u can't be bought Mr Pres. We support u. Just bring our troops home, and let's stop invading others tht never attacked us
You could change that!
They have nothing else on this great team of rep. President you are doing a great Job , thank you
We The People will get the truth and bury you with it.  Very excited.  Are you?
FBI needs to raid DNC and force issue to review their servers of hacking and what's on there they are hiding.
You have the power now ... use it ! get r done
Until you and Sessions put these criminal #DeepStateRats in jail im afraid it will only get worse ?#DrainDeepState #MAGA
We gave u ALL branches of government incl Scotus-YOU hired traitors/Dems/the Swamp.  It's all on YOU. Stop whining. We didn't hire Swamp.
Because YOU are the president, and YOU colluded with Russia. It's pretty simple, not hard to understand at all
Witch hunt nothing more.
Keep the focus on the job of creating jobs, real affordable health insurance. We the people need community enrichment, put the phone down.
There needs to be invst into every dept under obama adm! The people demand it!
because you're the "president"
Maybe because when the Clintons did it they did it both as their government job deemed legal & necessary & didn't hide it or lie about it?
The swamp is deep
I agree Mr. President.  Hilary should be in prison for all that she has done and got away with.  The damage done by Obama and her is unreal.
 @Hi$$ary
Because you won't release your taxes
She didn't get help from Russia to steal the election.  You did.
