I just became a huge fan of @NASCAR!
I will now go to two races of cars going in circles because of this move. BURNING NFL SEASON TICKETS
What is your administration doing to help Mexico, a country who rushed to Texas? What about Puerto Rico? No water or power, sad!

NASCAR fans lmao just say "people stupid enough to be entertained by cars going around in a circle over and over hoping for a crash"
#trumpisfat
Once again you don't get it. These people are YOUR votes. Who else could sit and watch cars go around in a circle for hours? Trumptards!
Harvey, Irma, Maria. #maggot #resign #littlehands
But of course....
Like a good neighbor Donald Trump is there!
You are disrespecting our country by making an issue of our first amendment rights instead of focusing on the issues that are important.
Remember when you were ranting about your unfair and unjust treatment in the media and demanded that something be done about it? Oh wait...

What an embarrassment you are to America right now! Praying that your time in the White House will be short lived!
Stop tweeting and do the job you were elected to do.
Ice Hockey as well. They made it very clear
Boy you just pmo frfr
take a knee

This is what we say loud and clear: Our citizens safe under the law is what we respect and those who R given the position to protect and serve shld do so w/out murder as their tool against PPL of color,
This is a small show of what your legacy will be.
I stoped watching the NFL.I watch collage.I'm done.I rather watch ,army movies their the real hero'http://s.NFL  are zeros
Isn't hang hands sheri Kenai Urdu eggs guru hadry usher Urdu utero Jethro Everton Jethro udder Urdu iffy hubbub
, Were proud of our POTUS Trump and his bravery & honesty to #MAGA, #TRUMPONLY2020!
The athletes must show great deal of respect to our country....they must .
I can’t wait to see you in prison!  CON-MAN TRUMP!
Please run America not your Twitter account
Amen to that Mr President!! So proud of my country, Flag and now President! Thank You so very much for standing up for the common people of this nation.
You were saying something about NASCAR and its fans not disrespecting the flag of the United States of America...
https://www.google.com/search?q=nascar+confederate+flag&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjt6LaEztbXAhUS4WMKHbYrCoUQ_AUIDCgD&biw=1366&bih=637 …
duh
NOT THE NFL
Shittiest memes ever.
I’m shocked that you support NASCAR, that doesn’t seem like your crowd at all. What’s next Golf? The NHL?
How many traitor confederate flags are at NASCAR events?
There are literally four of them
Have you seen how low NASCAR'S ratings are?

All Americans R granted rights 2 peaceful protests
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable-JFK
Sit Down!
Wow!
Could you get more white?

DOTARD.
Amen Mr. President.
You want to start beef with me fat man. I drop bomb on America. Go boom boom. Haha.
The KKK should add their logo to those cars. It's obvious
What about Puerto Rico? Yes, they've just endured a horrific natural disaster. We're still recuperating in TX & FL! Our efforts are HERE.

They drive in a circle, what the fuck do they know!
Kneeing is showing honor for the record oh and also it's very American to protest and such
Yeah they are a very tolerant bunch.  A lot of those NASCAR fans were probably in Charlottesville.
Divide and rule.
So, how many races have you gone to? Yeah, that's what I thought.
North American Super Caucasian Arian Republicans?
Get that greyhound...to the nearest airport. If I see my @dallascowboys do any disrespect tonight, I'm out. Ty to the raiders qb, carr
And Villanueva from #pittsburgh
They fly the confederate flag - an actual rebellion against the United States that killed American soldiers!!!
Funny the demographics invovled in this one
All the hillbillies
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1711571402188719&id=121449307867611 …
Politics belong out of sports right, @realDonaldTrump? 

Surely you would agree these Confederate flags shouldn't fly at Nascar events...
Now here's a flag issue worth tweeting about 
Fans are almost 95% from the south though and 99% white.
What do you expect from a sport filled with hillbilly fans from the south???
1% of NASCAR fans are black.....

Then get outta this country!!
Nope. 8 year army vet. You?? I defended people’s right to kneel.
The debate isn't over their "right to kneel". The debate is over the time and place to make political statements, tactfulness, and respect
Completely disagree, and so do the courts and the constitution. You are watching a GAME, not an institution of our democracy. Grow up.

Dear Mr. President,

Will you please help Puerto Rico? Please send aid to them. Stop this other nonsense.

Sincerely,
America
Wasting ya breath bro Trump is a taker not a giver shame they have no oil to get his attention.
NASCAR is the whitest sport of all sports. Except maybe golf. Of course NASCAR would say that, they are proud of their racism. Like you.
Remember when republicans freaked out because of Obama golfing? Yet they defend you doing it 9x more? Almost like it was never about golf 
If white football players were kneeling to bring attention to God, would you find it as disrespectful? Because your fake patriotism is.
If you don't stand for the anthem at home but do in a stadium, that's not respect for the flag but doing what's expected in public.
Symbols are meaningless if our nation is led by a fascist. You can't force people to feel pride in their country. They should want to.
If you don't feel pride for your country or the men and women who fight for it to keep the freedoms everyone wants so much then GET OUT!!!!
I have had so many vets say they're tired of you and everyone else using their likeness to justify your being offended by silent protests.
No one can have political protests on the job. It's in the labor laws. Silent or not. And all the vets I know are tired of you.
Really!?
Nice pockets / Right:) :)
#clicknclose #clicknclose #NASCAR #gmac #roush.
glad you are proud how do they feel  about you disrespecting everything
Leave the president in alone
Remember Mr. Wendell Scott!!


No surprise with #NASCAR & it's owners, but sad about drivers buying in.Taking advise of #WhiteSupremacists is a bad .
I'll watch #Formula1
Stop harping on the knee drop. U.S citizens of PR are dying. They need help. Shame on U for talking about their debt at a time like this.
@realDonaldTrump The specific rule pertaining to the national anthem is found on pages A62-63 of the NFL League Rulebook.
@realDonaldTrump how is flying the confederate flag showing respect for the country? #hypocrit #stoptweeting #ImpeachTrump
Is NASCAR fans love our country and our flag!!!

Here's NASCAR showing utmost respect for the American flag: https://www.sbnation.com/nascar/2015/9/10/9299515/nascar-confederate-flag-darlington-south-carolina … 
No, they disrespect it by flying the Confederate flag. #putitdown
We don't care about NASCAR!
also dale jr should shut his pie hole and maybe win a race!
@TonjaWalker
Then why do they put up with YOUR disrespect for everything the military have fought and died for?  Respect your Oath of Office!

NASCAR Trumpers "we don't hold with disrespectin' the 'merican flag!
@UFC fighters are all standing during the anthem when it is played as well :).
Fing hillbillies!  Lol!
I'm surprised that all of the black Nascar driver's owners and fans are going to let this pass... Oh wait
  
Why don't you stay off of social media and try to get something accomplished? THE ART OF THE DEAL= NO DEAL. DISGUSTING HUMAN BEING.
Ashamed of US #45's focus on stopping 1st amendment rights & genuflecting for equality instead of helping US Hurricane Maria victims! Bad!
Every kid in sports knows that to take a knee means you respect those who are hurt and you are showing that you hope they get better.
You're such an embarrassment of POTUS. You have no idea how bad you make America look...  Football makes you brain damaged...Did you play?
Yeah, those NASCAR ratings are HUGE.  Look at the slack jawed yokels there, they support you afterall don't they?
Exactly which flag u talkin about ? Confed flag ? See that at NASCAR.

ALSO THE NBA IS ON BOARD!!
Another sport I never supported gives Reason to NOT support!
OOPS, I misread that. RETHINK time for me!
That's the way it should be. Our family will no longer watch the Football games. Love Nascar!
Clearly a bunch of patriots (racists)
So says NASCAR as they continue to let fly the Confederate Flag as they disrespect the Constitution and the rights of others to protest too
Because there is NO overlap between NASCAR and NFL fans.....
Stfu pseudopatriotic idiot
they wave a flag you love.
How sad that NASCAR doesn't respect American's right to freedom of speech. Very un-American. Must be why I don't watch it.
The worst president ever

Yet you disrespect everyone one else !
Exactly and today this family decided Anheuser-Busch is no longer for us we work too hard & love country & our Veterans in our family 
You call out the NFL and don't call out Russia or white supremacists.  It takes a lot more to be a patriot than to stand for the anthem.
HELLOOOOO!!! KOREA IS ABOUT TO BLOW US OFF A DAMN MAP!!!!
You sit around tweeting all day about being a nationalist and forcing flag worship when you have a US territory completely devastated.
good for them. I wish all these people who hate everything about our country would leave
wrestling. linda is part of ur administration.
WWE Hall of Famer Donald Trump would never be part of an organization that disrespected the flag! 
Dale Jr. doesn't agree with you! HELP THE PEOPLE OF  PUERTO RICO!  Do your job!
Great to see your priorities are in order. This won't distract us from the real issues. Expect us
NASCAR knows if Earnhardt knelt so would half the fans.
Vroom vroom! 
NASCAR fans are stimulated by cars that race around an oval track. Core Trump supporters right there.
Hopefully, you know that the people in Puerto Rico are U.S. citizens...right?
You may want to look at Dale Earnhardt Jr's tweet again.
Yes because NASCAR has tons of black drivers and fans. You still don't get it.
couch potato, turn off the TV. We know you're good at one thing, sitting on your ass glaring at a boob tube and I don't mean your wife
Thank you Mr. President for calling out the #NFL. They are all Sons of Bitches! #BOYCOTTNFL2017 #BoycottNFLSponsors 
Ugh. Just let it go already! We don’t need all this drama. Your wall isn’t going so well so we don’t need more of your bull shit on top.
Just settle down. Rough day, figuring out that you can't drive to Puerto Rico. You do know we own it, right?
Especially the part where you said we could help 10 refugees in their OWN country for the cost of "resettling" one.
Rendered hand salute at the first note of "To the Colors" while I served, and I support taking a knee as a peaceful prayful 1st Amend rght
Karma coming your way soon.
The flag though it is important, it is a symbol, it is a rectangle of printed fabric. While you spend your time tweeting about it Americans
Are dying in Puerto Rico. Because, you fumble the ball and didn't send aid fast enough. Their blood is on your hands.
Make football great again
Psst. If you think NFL’s ratings are tanking this year, you should see NASCAR’s. We NASCAR fans aren’t the garbage you hope we are
--room temperature IQs. Just like you.
So proud of constitutional rights that allow you to carry 10 suitcases of assault rifles with a shit load of ammo. Fkn tits, blame NFL or fk
*ntl
They are white!!!!! And Trumpsters!
Translation:  rural white people are "us";  brown people are "them"
u proud of nascar?  Never saw the trump logo on it. I’m sure if u can make a buck u would care then.
2) The Bible says treat your neighbor as you would treat yourself. You, and all of your worshippers, need to go back and revisit the Bible.
They said NOTHING of the sort. Try the truth:
~lick the fluff.
It is about rascism nothing else
NFL players taking the knee and NASCAR folks that wave the confederate flag have some things in common. Both are strong willed Americans looking to make a point, both use a captive audience and trigger strong emotions, and both have the right to do so. Lets try to understand both
Because NASCAR is a WHITE sport who support you and your racist antics.
STOP USING NASCAR FANS. This is NOT about disrespecting service members. It's about http://RACISM.YOU  FUCKING RACIST.
Shut up Trump.
You are beefing with sports when half the country needs your help from natural disasters
You disrespect the flag every day that you ignore police brutality against black ppl.  #ignorance #sad
Lol
I am ashamed for the first time in my 53 years of the President of The U. S.  I did NOT VOTE FOR YOU!!!!
Just shows what sport rednecks like
Puerto Rico is predominantly Hispanic. Trump only supports areas that have a significant % of Caucasians.
From the biggest name in #nascar
You are the worst president ever all you are causing is a bunch of b*******
Awesome have respect for freedom
Gotta turn left durrrrrrrr!
And the confederate flag! That's "our" flag too right
Real question: why do you feel that quietly kneeling = disrespecting the flag,  but Nazis putting swastikas on the flag are "fine people"?
Well that fits there demographic now back to the reason why kneel down was ever taken place it's about racial equality not national anthem
Give them all a MAGA hat! You are so infantile. When do you plan to stop running your mouth,and attempt to run the country? Never,l know.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1714073248685722&id=346937065399354 …
Be honest. You didn't want to be President. You just wanted the title and access to taxpayer dollars so you can continue being reckless.
You made an oath to SERVE ALL THE AMERICAN CITIZENS, but I forgot u didn't mean it. U lie about everything.
The dimms are trying to divide USA with HRC comments about NFL racism. No unity on anything is what dimms want. Newt Gingrich is right.
Time to Stop PENTAGON Contracts with NFL and Stop Tax Subsidies!
