Paul Ryan don't even to be in the White House
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamaca...
What a disgrace
Geez, @realDonaldTrump U R the worst person in history of the USA, your children & future generations will be pestered by your evil!
S
How do it feel you and your family surrounded by Lots of Corruption Trump and your Son Committing Treason.....you taught him very well?
The ACA has never been a "disaster," as you so erroneously state. It has helped millions of Americans! Stop your lying you horrendous bully!
I'm not sure if he is loyal to you or not. We'll see. I want both chambers to deliver for you. MAGA
wait for more people to read and review your HC proposal and they will all agree yours is the disaster!!
Please include comprehensive Dental Care in with Health Care.  Current dental insurance is abysmal.
OBAMACARE or TRUMPCARE, by any name it stinks!
Changing the name from OBAMA care to TRUMP CARE will not solve the problem.
The disaster is YOU!!!
гавно
@eahenley @RandPaul Rand Paul should find the Ring that binds us all
I hope so.
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
WHERE PEOPLE CAN SEE THE BEST AVENUE OF TREATMENT AND A BETTER CHANCE TO HAVE IT DONE RIGHT SEE THE STATS THEMSELVES AND GIVE FEEDBACK (BBB)
GET RID OF THE ALL INSURANCE COMPANIES AND JUST FOR GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTH CARE WHERE ALL SAME PRICE AND GETS BETTER ALL REVEALED ALL ACCESS
He might B leaning a little left you need to stop just push something through pull him back to the right & repeal & replace disaster BHOcare
My Insurance with the Mail Carriers is $ 340 Per Month with a Deductible of $ 300 per year, We are happy. Large group negotiating is the key
Rand plan is the way to go, i know, Mail Carriers Union Negotiate with Insurance for low rates and Deductibles. My Ins $ 340 Per M-D $300
Hear...Hear...God Bless you all..
most excellent! <3 #AmericaFirst
@jack, why are all these negative roboposts always stuck at the top of Trump's Tweets?
Heck yeah!
You won't go wrong spending time  w/Rand Mr. President 
needs to mansplain the concept of "property rights" to @realDonaldTrump
Or or you need to come along with Rand right? Do that please!
@FEE0306 @RandPaul still holding your breath?
we need to take some of Rand Pauls idea for health care , Paul Ryan plan is not good
Control by the Ins Indust in HOW WHEN WHERE WHAT & WHOM our Drs could/can treat has PROSTITUTED the med professnl
Up until mid '70s-- HC was partnerd grps of "GPs" who ownd loc. hosps (liab & exp equip req. 4 Care bcame too $$)
We go BACK to privatization of primary care and give BACK CONTROL of patient relations & Rxs to "THE PHYSICIAN"
We can return 2 sm prvtly ownd grps~clinics & issue their OWN hlthcar plans Pt billing is NOT new; its CTRL mayb.
Focus should b on INS issued by HC Clinics owned/operated by PA grp of specialty Drs-costs run <$100/fam & ACA ok
This insurance is offered by the P.A. grp of Drs who privately own&operate the CLINICS. Hosp use is Rx/Proc based
ONLY IF/ THERE IS IMPROVMENT/ FREE CARE 4 ALIENS/  & GUN CONTROL!? RINO PLAN / NOPE
You ever play Bioshock?
@VP You got stabbed in the back by House leaders. Bills get negotiated-pass in the  House & Then negotiate with Senate
Ryan should b out on his ass.shame on him for not getting the vote.useless piece after 7 yrs on hill..
People who are complaining you are walking away from the drama need to grow up & get jobs.
Sad how Dem's are upset you didn't want to play their games amymore!
@RealMeas @RandPaul 

24 million people losing health insurance under Trumpcare
yeah leave it up to him because you dont know what your doing!
JUST SAY NO TO RYANOCARE. STAND UP!!!
@ync1994 @RandPaul 
Don't be in such a hurry or threaten our representatives who want a real plan ?
"trumpcare" is going to put you out of office.  The affordable Care act is not perfect, but it it is workable.
Ryancare is not any better than obamacare. Repeal ACA then worry about a new plan
KEEP DREAMING OR LYING. @CNNPolitics @MSNBC
LOL! Epic Fail!!!
let's go with Rand's program instead!
AIF you think Obamacare is a disaster you're going to be pissed at Ryan for not proud of him! Have YOU read it!?
One of the Republicans I actually like
@SLindauer2011 @RandPaul Your supporters don't like RyanCare. Let it die.
you're the disaster dumbo, you and your Nazi cabinet.
How come healthcare professionals are saying it will drop milions of Americans and cost them more?
you are a disaster
You don't even know your own party members. With him it's not politics or ideology it's his life "Rand" as in Ayn
you just CANNOT go a day without saying OBAMA can you! That green eyed monster is a mofo
it is noticeable when Trump says "my friend"
 Are you ever going to grow up and act like an adult? #embarrassmenttoUSall
Rand Paul is a very smart man. Him and Ben were so of the few professionals on the stage
朝鲜拥核对中国的利益伤害最大。局势完全不是中国所能把握的，我相信您说的最后选项。若朝鲜仍一意孤行。其终将为其拥核付出血的代价。
Was he your friend during the Republican debates. Go back and see what you said to him. You are a liar!
he is also in bed with Putin.
@KatherineVgt @RandPaul oh god, you're back on Twitter
 Van"t you just go away to an island that doesn't have Internet?
@KatherineVgt @RandPaul wait  for ur assistance for a political refuge out of algeria hope to here  from u .00213-696559630
You said you already had a great plan. Just another lie
let's hope NOT!  Fight Rand, Fight!
your the real disaster trump I hope I will live though your presidency I think 20 per cent chance I wont
Maybe, if he spends a few years working on it first.
If you can't get a white supremacist to back you, holy crap.
#FreeSpeech #Satire #NudeTrump
.@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul Results from 2 polls, President Señor Trump. Small sample sizes, but ACA % in line w/larger polls on here. Sad!
I think you need to listen more to your friend. And to @Judgenap -- you need at least an hour a week with him.
Oops...that's a NO for Rand Paul!
please put that garbage out on the street then watch the magic! Biggest favor for the DEMS.
Ryan care is a joke. Rates went up 50-150% and this will give 10% off. Joke repeal whole thing. Free mkt pls
No you didn't
you will be the scrap goat when this health care fails (a bad bad bill)
Not as much of a disaster as your Cheated Sad Presidency.
obamacare is NOT a disaster. Millions have insurance now. It's very affordable.
McCain called him out saying he works 4 Putin. Does anybody in your admin work for best interests of US citizens?
not for the weak and poor it is t but this man wldbt know about that.
YOU MUST TRASH OBAMA CARE ABSOLUTELY.
Be careful of the men around you. Some have devious agenda. Not good for you. Do not be swayed  by their smiles.
It is not GREAT if 24M are not insured! You are lying again about ACA. TrumpCare is HORRIBLE-we will be 3 world
Better than Paul Ryan's ANYDAY! Watch your Back w/ P.R.! He's NOT your friend!
You dont actually have a friends..So dont abuse that word like the liar you are! Liars have no friends
Please make sure alternative medicine/holistic healthcare is included in the plans!
He wants it to be the best it can be.  Make it so, Mr. President
They are Not Your Friends Mr President

and he also know that trumpcare is worse...
Are you STILL sure? I'm gonna guess that Rand Paul will NOT go along because he knows YOUR plan is a disaster!
DT is locked in supporting TrumpCare. When he backs away later he will be lying once again
#FullRepeal
He also knows Ryan's plan isn't great. It's a sad little not great plan, so you're not getting his vote.
No FEDCARE period!!! Power to the States!!
@kwe1018 @RandPaul Doctor participation needs to be written into the equation or it will fail.
I hope y'all sit down and talk. We need his support
24M They are so STUPID! And most of those are Trump supporters! This is what they wanted -no health insurance!
President Trump, please listen to Dr./Sen. Rand Paul's health care bill as it is the best legislation possible!!!
my 6 yo could build a better hc plan....this one is for morons who believe the hype
Rand Paul, to whom I disagree, but whom I respect will not, because he has integrity. Look up that word.
Oh oh...your not more carefully with healthcare than Obama.....said...very said...
you are a disaster.
@VAFreedom1 @RandPaul Please ignore Paul Ryan...
-we surely miss Barack Obama, he's a Constitutional scholar and was clean as a whistle; WH is now a cesspool!
Rand Paul is a tough cookie don't see him budging, lets get it done
PS Donald Trump is like super awesome
get rid of the bureaucrats.
Structure the new Health bill about the sacred relationship between patient and doctor.
the American people know what's best for their health.
not some over trained Gtown, policy wonk. 2 Gtown ok. But 300... bad.
assume we know best for our loved ones. Give back control to the loved ones, caretakers and the docs,
to solve the most intimate and personal medical decision for a loved family member.
not some Georgetown Yale Harvard Stanford elitist out of touch youthful
personal decision of best medical practices.
co-ops exclude the Middleman. Leave People and their doctors to solve the very
cut Cost Cuts services, let the private sector fill in the holes. Create medical competition,
what ever
He is a pure guy, hope he figures some of the solutions for sure. May they all contribute. We Pray!
& you have nothing to replace it
He only tweaked OBAMACARE we ask to REPEAL! We need input from Drs & patients affected by illness & cost.
@SpeakerRyan Speaker tweaked Obamacare we want repealed I trust Dr Ryan sees patients views on Healthcare
Atrocitiesbeginandendwiththe biosphere.GeoengineeringHasToBeAddressedIfThere's AnyLegitThread Of Conscience In You...SIR!!
what happened to you meeting your deadline of providing proof of wiretap? Better yet ISIS!  TOOL
Don't you mean RuPaul?
great!
Please make it affordable 
Good to see you and Rand as friends. Powerful.
#StandWithRand #RepealthenDebate
voce devia ter vergonha em falar mal do trabalho e do esforço do outros Voce nao chega aos calcanhares do Obama.
Trump care is utterly chaos.
you are a disaster, save fAce and resign before you're impeached.
Rand will NOT "go along to get along" with this swamp-like bill that is WORSE than the ACA!! (I am conservative)
GOOD MAN. Listen to him.  Listen to Gary Johnson. His healthcare ideas are good.  DON'T RUSH!
remove the requirement to make us buy insurance. I still had to pay the insane fine from last year $2700
Please reconsider repealing Obamacare and replacing with a "half-baked" solution. People's lives is on the line.
@TeresaEdelglass @RandPaul News Flash from the local DJ, part of the plan has 2B to end the free care to illegal aliens! 
Are you pretending that YOU are writing policy?  ROFLMAO  Trumpcare is a fail. Do what you promised and cover ALL
wrong.
it's not a disaster. Try this,reign in the insurance companies. Start there. That would make American great agsin
ditch Ryancare, everybody hates it
But @RandPaul is not stupid , so replacing one "disaster" w a WAY WAY bigger disaster? Doubtful #factsmatter
Please have CBO score @RandPaul plan. It's probably better economic and political solution than Ryan plan.
What does he think about Trumpcare?
shocking that you really have ANY friends at all. The "Society" that you've always wanted to accept you, laughs.
Really? He's a friend? I'm pretty sure he reviles you.
you really have friends or do you pay too have them!!!!
