
الماتش الساعة كام
 http://youtu.be/IvnA91ZEBRg  
Trtgfgtgrtrtrge
#MoronInChief
It shouldn’t be too bad- just eat small, regular meals and don’t be afraid to take a short rest if necessary
Hello
Mr President you are truly defending are interest thank you our great President
go trump
Ok
Yes, please show the UN how fucked/up you are
What ?? By making this country look like idiots who support you, the man who doesn't bother to study a map ?? What is wrong with you ??
And a small penis for you..
Dude that's why he wears extra long neckties.. its ti hide that little teeny weeny fact.
لول
#WorstPresidentEver
Then WHY did you DOZE OFF?
In the State so Alabama we Love and appreciate You!!!!!!!!!
Vote for The Republicans next year? As far as I can see They all need too go.
They blame everything on You it's crazy.
You're done more than that Muslim done in eight years.Getthem off Your butt.dont we get a chance to
America once great ',now laughed at because of you 
A racist "bilionair"turned president 
You will pay by god's punishment 
Karma is a bitch
Incluindo Brasil
You showed them all what America is all about.  America the isolated. America alone. America abrogating international leadership. SAD
"Big" in the sense that everyone was horrified by your incompetence.  #25for45 #Resign
Dear @POTUS,
Have we left the United Nations, yet? Why not?
Signed,
America
Big Day watching CNN the players & the Dotard, GO THE PLAYERS.
Can’t wait to here you speak at an 8th grade level or less
We Hate You WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You. WE HATE YOU. We Hate You
Start saying in youe rallys names of republicans traitors to support obama  fucking liars give names now ok for no votes more for them
Be sure and address the problems with the Red Cross and Harvey victims! https://youtu.be/GfiFvFKNt3Y  Drain the Swamp! Make America Great! Corrupt
You suck
The childish bully wanting to play toy soldiers with real ones. Destroy another country like so many already destroyed by the US. sTrumpet
Almighty. GOD is always with United States. USA.
A"Big Day"? How was that possible? You were there? #DonTheCon
Nukes should be denationalized to the UN, otherwise your agenda is just Racist Imperialism!
A very sad day for our country. What a hateful, and unenlightened speech. I am ashamed that the US president said those things.
Trump, stop funding UN.
You sounded like a fool with your rants
please president
Catalonia people (82% . data: el Pais ) wants to vote in Referendum your status.
Mariano Rajoy  CLOSES 150 CATALAN WEBS

It's True
Admire Donald J. Trump and U.S country
Yep, everybody was laughing at what a #MAGAMoron the DSA has for a president. #NationalEmbarassment #WarCriminalTrump #NAZItrump
No #Nation on this #Earth should respect the sovereignty of #Apartheid  #Israel, they & #America have no respect for #sovereignty of others.
Send help to Puerto Rico! They are Americans too! #TrumpResign
Yes it was. Never has America been such a beacon of hate and prejudice. All you Donald. Congrats!
Really? Did you resign?
... And how was the day for Puerto Rico?
and you'll stuff it, believe me
Omg you ruined that too.
yea a yuge day where they learned about nambia right?? just like you confused hawaii with kenya #uranembarrassment  #brainlessdotard
Yuuuuugggeee..day of you fucking up! You tiny handed freak! God half your cabinet resigned or fired...war with #NorthKorea you are horrible!
Sr Presidente los amigos Venezolanos niños se estan alimentando de basura, estan muriendo, intervenir  "YA".
Why did you leave the country?
Why aren't you helping or visiting Puerto Rico?  Stop talking so much and actually go help Americans I  Puerto Rico now.
They ALL get to see how incompetent you are today. All of Them
Share:)

Where you proved once again u r the ugly American buffoon threatening, bragging and embarrassing both yourself & your country. UGH.
I believe most PPl believe that the players should not take a knee, which I believe, but  also think POTUS should not have commented.
I believe most PPl think the players should not take a knee, which I believe, but also that POTUS should NOT HAVE C
Great job, Mr President.
a big slap on the face. You disgraced us
I GOT YOUR BACK POTUS
Thank god you didn't speak your own words. You are not smarter than a second grader!
Again u embarressed the USA.  I want to make u go away & cant wait 3 years. What about locking up ivanka and jared who used private servers



Mr. President are they going to take the National Anthem away from the Olympic Games???  This is so wrong!!  Making fun of our country!!!
#DoSomethingAboutPuertoRicoYouSonOfABitch
@SenatorFischer @BenSasse  so alaska, Az, maine, & kenty get bribes!! This shud tell u all u need to know,  right?
Mealymouthed liberals are just not used to hearing people say what needs to be said and then to mean what you say, well that's unheard of.
too bad you're a national embarrassment
It was so awesome hearing your speech at the UN Mr. @POTUS. Thanks to YOU America is BACK and getting stronger than ever! Keep it up!!
It was really sir. Hey sir, thank you for your service. Ohhh before I forget, that old man Mugabe destroyed you sir. Tweet destroy him too.
Yes, big day, bringing us to the brink of war with North Korea.
oh yea becoming a laughing stock of the world thanks to ur stupidity!
Innocent Rakhine are killed by Rohingya terrorists in Maungdaw township in Myanmar.They did Genocide and ethic cleaning!
Lord help us, they survived you and ignorant devisive speech. No country Nambia. Presidents shouldn't act and talk like you. Jackson ashamed
#MuellerhurryupandgetridoftheidiotthatPutinhelpedwinthePresidency
This kneeling crap does nothing but divide.  Its not gonna change the minds of true racists!!  Standing, however, shows RESPECT!
It was, until you got there.
You throughly embarrassed America.
You screwed the pooch there!An American embarrassment,no good for nothing.Changing good football players against the flag!
WHY does our #POTUS Spend so much time on #Twitter ?? They #OWN His Brain. #TwitterOwnsTrump
A big day and you made us look bad....AGAIN. Stop talking because nothing but crap comes out of your mouth Mr. Trump.
I stand by our President 0%......I'd put a minus percentage but then I'd be in the Twilight Zone......then again maybe we are...
An embarrassing day. A certain ambassador said everyone thought you sounded like an uneducated child. Guess which one.
and you fucking blew it
Can we grab a beer on Friday and catch-up on rocket man? He's sooo 12 grade! Lol 
How was it?
really enjoyed your UN speech Mr. President. also the one @NATO. KEEP THEM SQUIRMING!
You have a the world leaders expressing their distain with respects to your speech.
Yes, big day for you to embarrass our country 
#weakpresident
Yes, you cemented the stain on our reputation.  Embarrassing.
Why, did you leave it?
Love you president Trump just had a big argument with someone in Las Vegas from London
It Be when U step down! I am embarrassed  2have U as President and I am not a Hillary supporterjust saying
Russia.
A big, embarrassing day maybe! #Resistance
Not your best day
I've rewatched your speech 3x, I've never been more proud of you. Obama nor Hillary could ever give a speech like that. #TRUMP2020
No they couldn't because they have way more class than this bastard!
Embrassing day for the U.S. at the United Nations.
You just cemented everyone's disdain and general distaste for your ignorance, stupidity, and ridiculousness.
Yes you've embarrassed us more now than in recorded hystory
Thank you for defending our flag and our country!
YOU EMBARRASSED US ALL YOU FOOL
Real world leaders are still laughing at you,the fool!So are we laughing as you embarrass us daily with your distractions/bait and switch!!
please don't start a nuclear war with north Korea,it will cost millions of lives
#FAKEpresident
Your speech was the worst ever.
65,844,954
US Citizens continue to be ashamed and embarassed by Trump in front of the world. God help us.
Because you will be there? Give me a break.
Mr. President I loved your speach. You Rock!!!
But how where the ratings ???
Great day you made up a African nation
As usual you were an American tragedy.
Omg shut up
What a great speech, you make USA stronger, keep up the good work. Now if we could only make Congress good!!!
Handing over our position as a world leader is definitely a big moment. Good job Trump
You spelled "embarrassing" wrong. It has more than 3 letters...
God Bless you President Trump. I'm ready to defend our great country from both foreign and domestic threats no matter who they are.
defend wat
Not in a good way
You were great !!!   All those flower arrangements... have they been checked for hidden mikes?
Crook
A big day of total embarrassment. "Dotard"
Only if you are staying home will it be a “big day” for US
@POTUS buen día para que aporte parte de su crueldad y su  fácil manera de ser un tipo despreciable.

It was a big day. We had biggest buffaon in American history stand & mk America look MORE dumb represented by #trump #WorstPresidentEver
Topbuzz Bogy Strikes ,MockWarsInsain,Stop Unrestg East Continent!!!
Indeed. When have there been open threats of genocide last time?
Yep - going down in history as the day the US pres forgot what "United" means and used forum to make himself look big by waging war.

I think it was very sad for America and I was embarrassed by you.
Where's Melania? Ohp there she is!
We had a marine in the family once, though the rest are army. Maybe Kelly will be next president, like Eisenhower. It's the general!
I read the article where mr. Kelly reflected on his marines in Iraq/afgh including the ones who stood at the gate. He is a good man.
Give mr. Kelly huggy hugs, he and his family are the sweetest in the world and always deserve respect
