@realDonaldTrump  STOP YOUR BS. Think about your reputation. Ha NOT ONE AMERICAN NOR ANY OTHER NATION HAS ANY RESPECT FOR YOUR ASS!
The WHITE  HOUSE  WILL BE STILL ON FIRE IF THIS WAS  FIRST LADY  MICHELLE OBAMA  CAREER
I agree
we love everything you are doing.
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PRO… htt...
You are one of the biggest forces of extremism and destruction ever loosed upon our nation.
nice
I amaze myself sometimes at how full of sanctimonious bullshit I am

مرحبا

How ironic
Like obliterating N. Korea, for instance.
What about the incredible force of fossil fuel fired hurricanes? Millions are suffering while you deny Facts, Reason and Science!!
Especially in a world of the super rich who paid for the candidates to get in power so they can lower taxes so they can be even more rich.
No them fuckers just got started
God has chosen you our President to save our nation, and the world.  Always know we stand with you and pray for you and your family
Divine right? I do so enjoy 16th century thinking.
Love my President Trump 
You love him so much you're going to have to eat him because there's not going to be nothing left after they get done.
People who hate Trump don't know the facts
People that hate Trump are infinitely better informed than any mouth-breathing knuckle dragger that is still clueless enough to follow him.
Hola
Lovely speech
AMEN !!!!!

ISLAMIC EXTREMISM
But white supremacists are ok, or transgendered people aren't fit to server Hispanics are all rapist, clueless fuckin hypocrite
He means a piece of property ownership and tax evasion.
Mr. President, considering the scope of the Equifax breach, perhaps you should issue new Social Security numbers to Americans.  Thank you.
Wait, what who are you? Cause your pushing military and hate, not peace.
Ryan and the rest of the GOP that doesn't want to support agenda needs to be removed Support the GOP candidates that will replace them
Don't be sucked in by the liar dems. They want you to fail even though they show interest in DACA Pukelosi is a commie Shumer is subversive
Lol you retweet this in contradiction to you threatening korea eith violence, its time, you need to go
Together we all shine bright
God Bless the USA!!!
@Tibbles22
Forces of destruction and extremism has settled into the Oval Office.
Be sure to include Black and Muslim Supremacists also in your condemnation. In 2017, White Christians suffer the most buLlying/racism of all
we have extremists groups here white supremacy
See any #black or #women at the #together table?
I see $$$$$$$ everywhere.
And the love of $$$$$$$ not humanity.
Ban all muslims well except the rich middle eastern princes
you are such a BS con artist.....sheech
especially when they pay you in gold
Unlike most of the drivel and word salad Trump usually spits out, I agree with his statement. So, just HOW will we get the world to do it?
The biblical Lake of fire is reserved for those who blaspheme our Lord and master. Extremists will be fried along with satans angels.
You are a hypocrite
We cannot do non-profit colonialism either. Contain the jihadists in their box and don't give them any weaponry they cas use against us.
Lets not waste American soldiers' lives or money in middle East. As u said in campaign, it is a mess of jihadist factions we can't fix.
Sit down clown
The masses love * appreciate you POTUS!!!
n0 mercy,,,,,,dep0rt dep0rt dep0rt ,,, and n0rth k0rea are preparing s0mthing extravigant
n0 m0re mercy ,, we need t0 attack ,,, bef0re they Iaunch there nukes t0 the united states 0f america,,,,,,,0h yea dep0rt dep0rt dep0rt
Charlottesville
Just say it @realDonaldTrump it's radical Islamic terrorism! You use to say that on the campaign trail. Did the swamp get to you?
Have not heard that for a while now.
yep. that's why your time is coming to an end soon.
Trump is one of the strongest and best Presidents we have had in the past decade. He will make America Great again. Keep up the good work.
God will help you sir to sanitize the country
Pure demagoguery!
Show them the money and they will show you the peace.
。
Amen!
So how do you like being a hippie? In your case, unfortunately, it's not a chronic disorder.
Narcissist..sounds like my damn childrens father..ill give you his #..you gents will be the best of friends
Blow NK little SOB away. Enough is enough #ItsTime
Is that why you're constantly threatening other countries and destroying our relationships with our allies?

That depends on whom the blessings of peace and prosperity fall. If it's just the 1% then who gives a shit
Praying everyday!  And praying for these Donnie John supporters who are so miserable, self loathing and filled with jealousy.
YEA Umm how
Why all CAPS? For someone preaching this you sure don't set an example. Grow the eff up really
Amen to that!!
Do you know, that you are one of the forces of extremism, dude?
Repudiate American extremists
U do no that nuclear war makes no distinction between your kids and mine.

You are the one bringing destruction and extremism, in what fucking way have you ever brought peace lol
THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT FOR YOUR ENCOURAGING WORDS

MUST SEE! Former NIST Employee Speaks Out about #ControlledDemolition on #911 #WTC7 

https://youtu.be/RJ_jQgIEnI8  
This doesn't even make sense.
You're a menace to peace, it's all record, watch the videos. Putin almost looks sensible in his approach to our allies.
Sir yes Sir!
fake president
Trump for freedom! Republicans and Democrats are pretenders!!
This is horrible extremism. Are you going to stand by while it happens?
http://www.religionmind.com/2017/07/saudi-arabia-is-about-to-behead-6.html?m=1#z6gHAz1yMCG6wo9U.01 …
What about human rights? Your base lambasts HRC for her interactions with Saudis & it seems OK for you to cozy up to them...
You mean your prosperity you greedy man child.

Amen! 
Amen
You know nothing about true prosperity. Ur a grifter. You skim off the top & that is all u know. #RESIGN
repeal Lautenberg
You don't bless property you bless for peace and thank for prosperity moron

Ed Krapenstein tweets crap ! All the way with DJ !
So christian extremists are on that list right. And the white polo shirt, tan khaki, tiki torch #MAGA hat wearing scum.
When in Europe had so many people tell me what a nut job you are...like I didn't know that. Thank god we have smart allies.
That's right, Harvey, Irma, and Jose, will show the world what happens to extremists.
Amen
So many salty liberals in the comments. Love it.
İkiyüzlüsün Amerika:(  Rabbim size müslümanlarla uğraşmayı unuttursun inşaAllah.
Don, baby. You are a force of destruction. I hope Mueller  is your match.
Lame president
None of us have found peace since you've been president.
If you want peace, stop egging on Kim Jongun. If you want peace, stop pursuing a failed war in Afghanistan.
AMEN! God Bless & Keep You ALWAYS!
welcome to  the peace total the god bless american you are like the fox in the wild hhhhhhhhhhh
#45 24/7/365
I'm confused, weren't you accusing them of harboring islamic radicals a few months ago? You sure do change what you "believe".
All those white men pretending to make a difference. Smh
Unless they're your neo-Nazi friends right?
What is this "peace" you speak of #alternativefacts #fakenews #FakePresident
AMEN!!! #MAGA!!!
Amen
لماذا القاتل هو الذي يحدد أساليب وفنون اختراق حقوق الإنسانية
يقتل القتيل ويمشي في جنازته

Orange Fuhrer, you are a force of destruction and extremism- #resign!
Tha Man period !!!
Amen PRESIDENT TRUMP...THANKYOU FOR CARING
One!
This just shows someone else wrote for @realDonaldTrump . Trump , the one whose been dying for war, could give a shit about peace
You're taking our"blessings and prosperity"away from us daily. Destruction though, you've done a massive job! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Together, We Will show the world, especilly with the Iranian nation , OUR POWER in the Middle East.
You directly enabled the absurd actions taken against Qatar which put the whole region and American interests in jeopardy. Fix your mistake!
The power of Gods blessings have no ends  , you are never along , you and family have our love and prayers .
North Korea is threatening multiple countries with nukes, yet we have fools blaming Trump? WTF. Mr. Trump - keep up the good work, thank you
Does that include right wing extremism?
You ARE the forces of destruction and extremism. Please STOP embarrassing us to the entire world by trying to act like the leader you're not

