Or else what? You will break out your big "You're Fired" scare tactic!
You'ld piss ur pants if he did that to u!
He wouldn't hire u. He has a good business sense. And if he did and he saw u r WEAK....... U'd be FIRED!
Man....enuf with the name calling....Is that all u got?  His business sense=JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Pointing out truths is not name calling. 
In what way has Trump alone created so many jobs? This would be a question to you.
As soon as u said u people....u done lost ur point. Be gone now and don't reply back!
I never said you people. Respond to each post and not random u make no http://sense.You  don't read my posts correctly.U say nothing!
No toconsititution  gatherering. You give the it all to the dems. It will backfire
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and I...
Do you not understand or do you not care? The overwhelming majority of people want a fix for the ACA Donny.

Sure you believe for a minute in socialized healthcare, just look how long it has taken for the vets to get good health care. LOL
So sad Republicans have been all show and no go!  If you want to be reelected you need to get your lazy butts to work and fix this mess!
Love you Trump don't get discouraged you're going to win big in the end

Yes! No replace.
If winning is losing you are 100% correct.
Watch FOX not CNN...u don't see anything Trump wins at on that channel.
Someone like me..AGAIN with the name calling when ya ain't got nothing... u resort to that...RIGHT?
Someone like me is racist remark. It's kinda like when anyone says u people.
Racist remarks don't need to know the color of my skin. Its a category that you just put me in.
I said your REMARK is racist. I don't know if u are. Define individuality in ur own words...THERE YA GO!
Ok.  Let's see.  What would someone who gets their news from FOX recommend for me to read instead of watch on the tube?  How's that?
It's taken seven years for @GOP to come up with this bullshit? They could have 70 years and it wouldn't get any better.
No better when Obamacare passed without anybody reading....how stupid was that? REALLY!
ACA is not perfect. It needs to be bipartisan to have a shot. The shot is single payer. Keep Big Pharma and insurance companies out of it.
Practice What U Preach or Simply Change Ur Speech. We R all still waiting 4 U 2 Step Up 2 plate & lead by example but pigs not flying yet...
WTF u talking about.? Watch a leader in action. I know, u can't recognize leadership cuz of Obama!
Short & Sweet: Carrier, MS-13, Paris Accord, Sanctuary Cities, Immigration, N. Korea 7.  THE WALL
Where'd u hear that....on CNN
I always watched CNN and followed Allyson Camarati who left Fox. But CNN is so false anymore!
But to say I don't care about this beautiful country that God blessed us with......WRONG! CNN wannabe!
His actions? Name them..and DO NOT bring up the left's excuse of Russian collusion...its getting OLD!
Name calling.....its what the left are good at. My world is MAGA....r u for it? Swim swim swim  AIR ( sarcasm)
We are fed up with all of them and this "resist" attitude is hurting both parties.  We are not stupid we see it
. @speakerRyan  @SenateMajLdr you may think you are fooling us but you aren't.  END IT now.  Enough of this. Like it or not we chose him 
Just this morning on Fox, @RandPaul showed his defiant stubbornness and total lack of concern for his part in hindering the Trump WH
Hes not the only one.
No, he is not.  @SenatorCollins continues to show her socialist leanings while pretending to be a Republican
Not going to happen your bills sucks the people will prevail we're putting a lots of pressure on our Senators
U R so full of it. Let's not get things twisted here.. U haven't been able 2 deliver anything & U probably won't deliver anything. U're crap
I'm not so sure they can because I don't believe they're smart enough these are the same people whom can't stand a outsider!
Mr. President tell Senator Collins we give Planned Parenthood money for birth control and care but not abortions a great compromise.
LOSE!
Why don't you just jump to infrastructure and get a "win" under your belt.  You've accomplished zero, that's a unifying issue.
Republican Senators must repeal and replace you, Traitor! #Liarinchief #TraitorTrump #ImpeachNow
LOSE, you mean
They are Hillary's back becouse they are in as deep
By all means or we will loose seats
If they do the American PEOPLE LOSE, A house divided can not stand "Abraham Lincoln" & U R the THREAT from INSIDE Save country IMPEACH trump
keep after it..the swamp I huge

They had no intention of replacing or repealing it, all bluster to get votes, now they have the power and don't have a clue what to do.
You and you alone could fix things. Why are you blaming everyone else now. When are we going to see the plan that you promised?
Next is IMPEACHMENT!!!!! TRAITOR! Then America WINS!
TAX REFORM...YESSSS!! And BUDGET reform!! AND, BUILD THAT WALL! We have ur back when u speak THOSE words! #POTUSkeepingpromises #MAGA
GOP senators must step up and call for your resignation after 7 months, and vote to appoint HRC as your replacement. #trumprussia WIN!
Politics suck. Help the people
Repeal, replace or go home! Step up or step down you've had 7 yrs & that's allot of campaign promises! Ur out of time!
.@realDonaldTrump  Winning? As far as I can see the only country that's winning is Russia!
You've made America a loser!
You're a loser too!
not with out a replacement
they need to repeal and replace you !!!
Gosh when this gonna stop! Republican this is the time to work together and help America great again, stop acting like a brat,
senate and congress must impeach you
Priority should be given to repeal and replace you.
LowTcount, sounds like you got some tiger blood in you!
He could fix it if he didn't have people on his way trying to obstruct justice and not allowing him to do his job
Well come India
Something's telling me your not going 2 have enough time. Impeachment is just around the corner.
Nooo

Why not you step up to the plate and allow the Democrats to help you.  You desperately need their help!  They want the best for the people.
"Next"? You haven't even gotten to "First" yet!
The silent majority that elected you is fed up with the professional politicians.  Tell them their career is over soon!
Win? Bahahahahahaha all you've been doing is loosing. Sa sad, huge mistake, low ratings. Go back to your tower.
What does WIN mean to you? The #GOP #healthcare bill will leave many of your supporters uninsured. But rich will get tax breaks. Not a WIN!
Even if you did get all that passed , you'd still be a LOSER. ALWAYS HAVE BEEN AND ALWAYS WILL BE
You do realize capital letters don't just make it happen, right?
Repeal first! Get rid of the damned Obamacare thing altogether! It's an easy vote!
Amen if there don't republicans will loose the house or  these senate keep up the good work Mr President
Leave our ACA alone & stop blicking it from getting even better..we were a Great American & winning under @BarackObama  Did u close centers
You are wasting time.  R&R can only happen IF it's replaced with something better.  Medicare For ALL.  And try not to sabotage it.
DRUMP dream
You don't know how to be President, that's why everybody is being so mean to you.
Pushing 100% partisanship is what divides the country, that and having an illegitimate gov who stole the election with help from Russia.
Bless your heart. You are clueless. Can we get someone to explain it all to @POTUS ?
Rep. need to step up alright!Repeal and replace trump.executive orders help billionaire companies,strangle poor,at middle class expense.
pay the billion dollars of taxes you scamed America of and tell billionaire buddies you hired to do the same. 6/7 billion right there
There's a few wallstreet billionaires in your cabinet.Rep. Pres. Bush gave 777 billion bailout economy still collapsed.Fact-Obama revive it.
Tax Reform needs to happen yesterday. As an analyst, I'm seeing EFFECTIVE tax rates of 42% and higher CONSISTENTLY. Paying HALF is insane...
People's lives are at stake. Their ability to qualify for health care at an affordable price is at stake. WIN? People are scared to death.
Win you really are delusional 45!
What you mean by tax reform is the rich need to pay less taxes because they need more money I get it
How many millions did the CBO say trumpydumpcare will toss off healthcare ins & kill? Love the headline: #trumpcare kills rural Americans.
I agree with Sen. Rand Paul. Repeal ObimboCare. No brainer. Stop funding shitty Insurance companies.
Um, did you forget you don't have anything w/which to replace the ACA. You campaigned for 2 yrs w/ this BS. Where is YOUR plan? #JustResign
As for your tax reform proposal, you are punishing the middle class for not making enough to quality for the benefit that the rich enjoyed.
Put forth legislation that is in all of American's best interest.  Then you'll get people on board!
Let's just call it like it is. When it comes to Donald, repeal and replace.
For sure, im not sure how theyre expecting to get re-elected with this on their record
Good luck, can't pass one, won't be able to pass any. Your own party can't work together.
U need to go back where u came from and thats hell

You are failing at every turn. You are making a joke of your country.
Which Senators?
You have no end of ideas on how to screw over regular Americans and look out for Number 1 (%), do you?
In 7 years Republicans couldn't come up with something better than "fuck it, I give up"? #SoSad!
Who are you winning for?  Seems you only care about winning for the wealthiest Americans
Only stupid people never change their minds.
Clever ones realise their mistakes & change the course Mr #Potus 
How about U show us what U r
Right, cause those are as easy as Healthcare. And you are doing *so* well with that.
Republican senators must step up alright! Cudos to reporters getting it right on secret meetings colluding with Russians.
they better step up or they will be stepping home..we will vote the out..starting with SOH, the betrayed.  #MAGA
Your doing a great job.
With respect Mr #Trump the RNC is finely realizing that it is easier to criticize than it is to govern. Develop a real plan or resign.
Great choice!!!  Anthony Scaramucci
Screw your replacement, full repeal.
Think for once abt the millions effected by your mindless guidance.
They can't repeal and replace, because they expected a Clinton in the White House. They hoped it would fail then around her
60 votes now needed to overturn Obamacare . Gop clowns cant even get 50. never will happen. Obama laughs Trump loses again
Where is it logical to fill your pockets with more money, and cut the poor in half. Lets do it backward you send out 35000 dollars to us
Ya give all your Rich friends a tax break! Then were are you going to get the MONEY!
Trump family is like having a cross between Kim Jung Ill and Rob Ford and the people's republic AKA @GOP putting party before country.
Just REPEAL & Let's go back to doing our own ins!!Govt.shouldn't be involved! Like NSA shouldn't be renewed for #702; Spying=Mess NOW #SAYNO
So much winning, I'm tired of it
You will have to put a ring in their noses they are very greedy ignorant sheep!
You're doing a great friend mister President. My good friend kept me informed during the election. We love you!! And rallied for you here!

This train won't be stopped!!  choo choo!!!
The next 7.5 years will be the destruction of the Democratic Party, after your initiatives are accomplished, the Dems will never win again 
Ha. The last 8 years were the destruction of the Republican party. Trumps just hammering the final nails in the coffin lid now.
Republicans must step up to the plate and hold you accountable for allowing Russia to meddle in our elections!
Republicans? the election cycle happened during Democratic rule...Obama was in office not Trump. Fix the problem so it doesnt happen again
Agree 100% their time is running out. We are watching them. Health Ins. The Healthcare bill needs has to be Repealed & Replaced.Bottom line
dd u ever hear of the NIKE SLOGAN "JUST DO IT" well now you have for cryn out loud!
There are few republicans in d c the rest are Dems that couldn't get into the dem party so they ran as conservatives
Youre the leader, 7 years of complaining, put up or shut up. You need to have a detailed plan that helps more Americans, thats your job
Keep wishing. The COB is going to kill the health bill if the numbers aren't right penus breath. And learn how to spell.
So far, so failure. Maybe they don't want to kill millions of Americans.
No WINNING yet!  I wonder why? Don't you? Could it be that your ideas are shit pies that nobody wants for our country?!
Republican Senators are a JOKE. Need to be voted OUT. Can't get anything done. LOSERS.
It seems so simple.  Let's do it! Win!, Win!, Win!
Who knew it would be this hard?  Everyone ....everyone is the answer
Step down
I say, force our senators to only have Obama care Insurance. That should have a big affect on their vote..
Definitely repeal.  Dont replace.  Free market power will fix.
Get a better bill, not Obama 4.0. Repeal and Replace clean bill,  have not any part of Obama  care.  Few parts can be written in  on new
Ok the spelling is too correct. This is all your new Press Director tweeting Bott.. got it ... ignore it
America can't take any more Traitor Dons WINNING DESTROYING HC EPA HUD PPH PUBLIC SCHOOLS WHEN WILL CLOWN PARTY LET DEMS CLEAN UP THIER MESS
HC - Dems disaster, EPA- yep...dems again, public school, dems again. Thank God 4 Trump 2 fix u yrs of this
Giving Applause to her. I challenge you Trump to go to a regular airport with regular people
Sad old man, when are we getting your wall???
Hope you're hearing this @TomThillis 
You do want a recess like the elementary school kids you act like!! Repeal then Replace GD
After spending seven years voting to repeal something they knew the president would veto and no time spent coming up with a replacement...

Won't happen. Wake up knucklehead, no one is voting to take 20+ million off of health care. Ppl will die. How can you be so cruel???

DJT said he had a plan on healthcare cheaper better etc. Where the hell is it?
And Tax Reform how can someone work on Tax Reform and u handle your own shit.. Let's 7 Bankruptcies money Laundering.
I'm so tired of all this winning! And whining!
You will be known as the great DIVIDER!  The president represents our country, not just one party. Is this the legacy you want?
MUST vote to repeal and replace? That vote would have millions lose the health care they have now. You don't care though!
#OrangeJumpSuit, #4U
It would be a win for you and your rich cronies with massive tax cuts. But a loss for the majority of Americans & breaks ur promises. EVIL
Many of those republicans are THE swamp. They've repeatedly lied to voters about intentions. Their actions say they want O'care.
congratulations, YOU ARE THE WORST>>http://www.politicususa.com/2017/07/23/trumps-numbers-worse-sets-record-lowest-2nd-quarter-approval-history.html …  #DonTheCon
No, you need to step up, quit your jealousy of Obama, start thinking of America and it's people. But then, we are not Russians.  VOTE BLUE!
You can't make it all happen overnight. No instant gratification will happen when it comes to political party back&forth. No1 cam win 4ever
See?  It's not so easy to keep profits for major medical, tax cuts for rich, and have people insured, PEOPLE should be first!
@GOP no plan 2 step up to. R u going to follow this path of destruction 2 serve the office OR represent the ppl #trumpcarekills livesvsdeath
You do not have a clue. Did your mommy not love you ?

It's a brand new ballgame tomorrow!
Some @GOP members are putting country before party!  You should try it some tme.....putting country before EVERYTHING else!
You don't "WIN" until you actually "WIN" at something. We have yet to see a single thing done right by you.
Yes Republicans! Do exactly what THIS GUY tells you to do! You'll be "winning" in no time!  

@Reince @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP
Gosh, Don, you mean the senators haven't been stepping up for 7 yrs!
Dear potus
No insurance bail outs please they dont deserve it
Look how ins.comps threw Americans under bus for obama promised theyd make$$$$
While you play golf, pad your own accounts and make threats you expect others to work miracles? You are a loser, with a loser team & family.
You mean "WIN?" right? Bc you haven't been able to pass a single significant price of legislation even though Rs have WH, Sen, and HR?
But you ALONE can fix this, remember!? Save us Orange Faced Hair Weave Man!
People don't want it repealed and replaced with something worse.
HealthINSUR-Get fed gov out-Repeal OC. RE healthCARE- Torte reform-monopolies-beauocratic pay-bonus increase price. Crush actuary calcs
It's Mueller time!
You have to love donny
Are you tired of all the losing yet?  Over six months and not one single piece of major legislation signed.
Hard working people should not have to pay for lazy people who don't want to work and want everything for free...
Sure hope the GOP steps up and repeal and replace Obamacare this week.  The secret word is "compromise."  Have they ever heard of it?
Great job.
We need tax reform now.
Step one on tax reform: presidents must release their tax returns and make full transparency of their assets
Only for the privileged 1%
You are deflecting. It was your promise. You hold all the possible power in the world. And what do you get accomplished? LOSER!
shut your lying mouth. I am sick of your lies and bully plans. America is FREE CHOICE, you want to take our choices from us.  LEAVE OUR W H
Trump was voted to the WH. We had a free choice election and he won. Either accept that or keep complaining, it won't do any good.DT in 2020
#RepealObamacare
Do what you promised
First learn what health care is then learn how to implement it.
Yes get rid of that crappy obamacare I was paying over $800 a month couldn't see who I wanted to see and then had to cancel...
Absolutely disgusting that your spokesman said you always get what you want. Makes you sound like the spoiled brat that we all know you are.
Why?  And do us all a favor and Get Off Twitter!
Hey mr president...any comments to John McCain? Still not a hero??
regardless of your "decrees", the American people will vote against the decimation of health care for all.
When are we going to stop caring about the Dems noise
If those law maker have Ocare like everyone else, the bill will pass already. Why those senators have different healthcare for themselves?
