Here it is again Trump unable to lead so he rants on Twitter. Resign now #LOSERINCHIEF
Blah blah blah!@POTUS
Couldn't you be doing something important like learning about healthcare?
Why do you keep displaying your stupidity on twitter?
or maybe those laws are complete shit & you've yet to "drain the swamp".
Now you know how it felt like to be Obama 
Stop treating all Democrats as the enemy. In case you haven't noticed you've got some Republican enemies as well. Try working with everyone.

Russia is funding the major players in both the Senate and House and you STILL LOSE!  Failures abound!
You have a very limited understanding of democracy.
3 Years, 5 Months, 22 Days, 5 Hours, 20 Minutes, and 35 Seconds
I give him at most Nov 2017! America can't take it much longer! Our foreign security guard is down...we are sitting ducks right now! Impeach
OK trump listen the GOP owns the house the senate and the WH so the problem is YOU mr (ART OF THE DEAL) I guess you suck at dealing
Yes Don, that is how Democracy works. Are you just figuring that out? I thought you were smart?
It's another #SaturdayMorning, do you know where your president is? .... yep, ranting on Twitter.
Where is Rob ranting at President Donald Trump on twitter.
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has #chosen as His own #inheritance.
they are smart. GOP wealthcare would have caused millions of Americans to lose healthcare & suffer. #ACA is not failing.
Stop whining and get to work, bitch.
Is President Bannon relaying this order from Putin? Who's actually in charge? 
Regardless, Emperor Trump cannot pass Trumpcare against the vehement wishes of the American people. Trumpcare is Deathcare.
Do your patients know you spend 95% of your day focusing on Trumps tweets? You're due for an intervention.
Eugene and Dani are Bots. They never engage unless it is betweem them only. Ignore/ block. Pass the word! Thanks
Says the Trump not.
So now 8 Dems and 7 Reps. Of similar big gov/facist/socialist interest controls Senate. Sucks!
McMaster and Dina Powell are leakers. They are #NeverTrumpers please fire them.
Why don't you just watch cartoons on Saturday morning like other kids do??? 
Cool maybe they can change the impeachment rules too
Again it won't change because of your lack of leadership skills
#democracy

Mr. President, why is that allowed to happen! Take them down!
Last I checked the GOP had the majority in the senate.  What country are you living in? Russia?
Your tweets are making less and less sense this morning.  Did you take your meds this morning?
apparently not ....

If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore "leader," is grossly incompetent!
"I see a little silhouetto of a man
Scaramucci Scaramucci, will you do the Fandango?
Thunderbolt and lightning, very, very fright'ning me"
I'm sure everyone would vote for a "complete" health care bill if one of you clowns presented one.
Get smart?  Is that the tv show you're watching while you sit on the toilet and tweet?
Also because of you !!!!!
The problem in the senate is the RINO's that represent the socialist party/@DNC not the people that elected them to #RepealObamacare
You're not making sense at all
If they refuse to vote in favor of Kate's bill, that should tell all Americans how much they are concerned for themselves, to hell with us.
Only 8? I tried to research who the 8 are but there are several varying list. @realDonaldTrump who are your 8?
I can name more than 8 myself but help me narrow it down so I can graphic smash them #maga
Moot point. You couldn't get to 51 on healthcare. I bet someone in your office has a book on making deals you could borrow.
Don, a Q 4 U? Is it easier 2 count the # of ppl purchasing at Trump Tower who weren't laundering $$ than listing those who were? @McFaul
You got to Love the DEMS!!



 epic!!
I think you wrong there are three brave Republicansenators who you can't buy or bully that is a slap in your face two woman and one not hero
What an embarrassment. Making these asinine statements show just how ignorant you are of government and how government works.
Waaaahhhhh !!! I don't remember Obama crying like this ?!!! He seemed much more presidential than you !
You do not know how legislation passes. Dems are MINORITY party. They have had discipline and unity. You can't lead your GOP.
LOVE THAT
Repugnicans haven't ever proposed a complete healthcare plan...only tax giveaways to the rich.
Obama passed many bills with these rules. Why can you
Republican cowards. Foolishly short sighted on peevish self interest and Petty agendas. Vanity. The left plans to destroy USA. Clueless GOP.
Bills don't pass only because they're crap. Start putting together bills that actually help and they will pasd
Can these RINO's be KICKED out?
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Donald Trump September 26 2012
The republicans own the senate, house, and you.  And they still can't get anything passed.  Hmmm. Take responsibility for a piss poor plan
Nuke it
So the Dem minority wields all the power? Cool. Well, maybe when you're in the minority next year, then you'll be able to pass something.
On what planet?
Show us your tax returns,comrade
Another stupid tweet, from the #FakePresident
Sir, it is called "checks & balances", a fundamental structure of our government to prevent one person or party from too much power.
Read a book.
Yeah Get Smart! I love that show and Max always gets what he wants.  Be like that!
I don't know about all of you but ever since trump was elected I've been making serious coin. How can somebody trash Kate's law?
I guess illegals have as much rights as we do even though they are here  "ILLEGALLY" you libs are fucking jokes #MAGA

You really don't want the rest of the GOP leadership to "get smart".  If they did that, they would be RUNNING from your poisonous agenda.
Guess that's what happens when you plan bills in secret and alienate half the senate.  Get smart!
Do you realize how ridiculous you look - you are insane.
Remember- Kate's parents don't want you calling it Kate's law
Get smart?  Let's start with you.
But I thought you were going to unite the country? With all due repect, nonstop whiny tweets do not help.
We are watching. Dems holding up progress, they are not for the people #DrainTheSwamp
Good!
The senate will never pass anything by trying to "work with" the democrats. That will never work. They want it 100% there way or nothing.
Yes and some of them are in the GOP!  Traitors!  Step on their air hose!
NO SIR.  3 Republicans control your party.
Get Smart? Watching old reruns on TV now?  No Fox and Friends?  Stop drooling in your oatmeal and start leading.  FECKLESS
It's called leadership, you probably don't know anything about it as you're blinded with hatred for your predecessor.
The Reps don't want to give us complete Healthcare. They want to screw us into higher premiums while giving themselves (& you) tax breaks.
Learn to work across the aisle. You are the great negotiator, so negotiate. Find out how to compromise
BS
You all can't even get 51 votes, so need for 60 for some measures has NOTHING to do with your failures!
We need to start getting smart by getting you out of office.
Keep it up Dems!!!!!

The Dems need to get on board.
I love you, honor, respect and highly appreciate you. Proud of you, President Trump. God bless you & yours today & always!
West Virginia governor now Republican poster child.  Why is this not being embraced and being studied by the republicans
President trump needs to mingle instead of calling shots from his box office seat.  Its a democracy and he is not a king
You said it best, "No more bail outs or robbing Freddie Mac/ Fannie Mae to pay for ObamaCare". Really its ClintonCare as politically correct
8 Dems are keeping the country in check from your destruction!'
No, you and the GOP control everything but can't accomplish anything
They ARE fools to believe that you can even do anything at all!!!!
You have the majority in the house and senate. Did you ever hear the word compromise ?  That's how things get accomplished
Come on America
We are way past getting smart. Common sense was bred out a long time ago. Thank you for looking out for US in the middle!
here we go again got to learn how to govern Donald you're making a mess without even knowing anything
When are you going to address term limits !
Drain the Swamp!! 2 terms then time togo !
Obama managed to pass a lot of legislation in a similar situation to what you are now in; stop winning and learn to lead
Was waa waa. All U do is whine. Such a Whiner. U haven't accomplished anything and blame Ur failure on others. So sad, such a loser.
Thought you could change rules so 8 DEMS can't block.
I thought Republicans had the majority in Congress.
How is that possible when Republicans have the majority?
HAH!! You're an ass!!  Republicans control the Senate. And the House. You don't even know THAT? Wow.
You're just jealous because you're not in control. Sore loser!
"Complete healthcare?"

You mean your shitty healthcare bill that Republican Senators voted for only when promised it would not pass?
So what are we going to do about all that.  Republicans are supposed to control the Senate.  If not, then that is also FAKE NEWS.  Great?
I hate you
You really have no idea what you're doing, do you darling?
No, a majority has control the US Senate just like it's always been.  Learn to be a good looser, something your parents forgot to teach you!
You get smart. Omg. You are just so crazy. You LOOK crazy.
Worst leader ever

Bull shit ,yep you!!
#JokePresident
This isn't how it works. Your party controls House & Senate. All members answer to constituents. If something doesn't pass, may be a reason.
It's a representative government, and Americans understand your "healthcare" bill is crap. You seem to have trouble understanding this.
Yes, get smart @GOP impeach this disaster of a president. Not a leader, not very good at anything. Time for a change and get this fool out.
GOP totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Progressive  bills will never pass, like Single Payer Healthcare. Get smart!
would you be open to the idea of them getting a boot out the door of a C130 over Honduras? CIA has experience in that dept.
Sorry to say, they are mostly Dems with a spineless republican title. They want socialism, hanging on to power and control the people.
You ARE bad at math. 48 Dems are a minority in #Congress. YOU have 52 #Republicans. You're party is in control. Find another #scapegoat.
Trump wants republicans to get smart, but he himself can't get smart. Simply put: Trump is on the low range of stupid.
It's frustrating, I know. It's kind of like having a few thousand folks in the rust belt override the will of an entire country. grrrrr
Nailed it !
NO, NO, in fact you have to get smart and be a LEADER !!!! stop tweeting garbage............
If you are so bloody smart why don't you sit down & work on it ,rather than your time tweeting and wasting time & money at rallies ???
Problem is Trump and the art of the Deal is a fraud.DT yells a lot but gets nothing accomplished. Always blames other. Not what leaders do.
Those 8 Dems are in red states....get their vote or do Rallies against them in 2018!!!
Like the GOP healthcare bill that would have denied coverage to mils; this tells me the system is working fine
Representative democracy has been very unfair to you, hasn't it?
They all failed to prepare and are so out of touch with the people . So they planned to fail.
What a stupid statement! Step down before take us down
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1xovt9_ynuI …
Look in the mirror.
it is better to have the in control ,, Than having you in control
We have power? Good. How do you like it when you get a taste of your own medicine??
Even we have to endure this inertia in Congress, in matters SO important to the people?
That is a bullshit excuse. Repubs have majority in house, senate and ur their president. You are all inept. Thats why you keep losing.
love it
Actually, Republicans control the Senate. And apparently you can't even work with them, you useless shitgibbon.

If they decide to get smart, you will be impeached. Do the country a favor and shut up!! You're an embarrssment, going on and on about it!!
Vote another Democrat out 2018.. Then vote out ALL old blood on Republican side next election!!We need go getters that are hungry 2 B great!
Make Schumer explain why insurance co needs a bailout and why rural areas have no Obamacare, invite to WH on camera, make him explain

8 Dems? That hair dye has u confused. Republicans control both houses of Congress. There r 52 Republican Senators genius!
Work with me now. Sound out the word... co·op·er·a·tion. Here's another tough one, gov·ern·ance.
Learn the meaning of these two words. Bye!
You weren't offering "complete Healthcare"... did you mean "the complete [destruction of] Healthcare"?  It was pure rightist ideology.
You really don't know how this all works
For pity sake, have someone explain how the legislative process works.
Thank god they're there!
dude,keep talking shit. I'm sure these legislators,men/women with ACTUAL education and class,will just keep putting up w it
"Get smart" says Trump.  The irony is almost too rich to stomach.
Trump you just don't pass a HC bill overnight! There has to be something in it worthwhile!!! Shame on you! Hate filled person God will deal
What? Liar.
YOU ARE A DISGRACE TO THE USA
YOU Should be charged with a Crime for Encouraging Police Brutality
 = LAWBREAKING
Causing intentional injury to handcuffed suspects is against police procedure & a federal crime punishable by prison http://j.mp/2tLQJz9  
The Republicans will regret this come Election Day!!
You're so weak that you have senate and house majority, but 8 democrats have control?  Thank heavens!
No, they don't, and you haven't proposed any healthcare. Whine less work more, tweet less, and realize it is public not self servicr
Get smart and make the candidat with the most votes president? And by "get smart" you basicaly claim, that everybody is dumb except you?!
Executive order put them on Obamacare sir!! See how quick it turns around!
GOP has the majority in the Senate and the House. It is not controlled by eight Democrats. You need to sharpen your math skills. Sad! 
Smart like you?  Hahahaha 
You need to take a class on how Congress works. You've forgotten Schoolhouse Rocks! #TRAITOR
back before you won they wanted to work together and after you won they work against!
You have the Senate and the Congress, Republicans, why can't you pass your bills because they're awful and we will March against them.
The most ignorant POTUS we ever had with less than a 3rd graders knowledge of history is telling others to "get smart"? Hilarious but sad
