@TheMisterMarcus new bot ..got off the boat ..never saw you here. you got milko yo due still in your moms basementhave some bacon bro
The mute button is quick with you considering that you're already on tweet 3 of not making sense. You're already triggered. Bye. 
will block me then or go check you self out in the bathroom let me know>>>
It will be great memory for u staring at prison walls!
I loved his face when u admitted it was Israel when no one even mentioned it! 
All the people (not talking about the MSM) seemed to love what u were doing in Israel - SEE POLL
so far how do you rate the Trump visit in Israel?
We love and respect you @POTUS ! There could be NO better president for we the people. Thank you. Safe travel's.
The disgraceful American president
Be careful snowflakes, don't get too heated over Trump #MAGA ... snowflakes melt when the heat's on. So chill out! ;)
@realDonaldTrump  plz do something plz you and Putin have huge power to get rid of these terrorists plz your family could be next go forbid
let's do everything on twitter!
Hi
Good


Impeach my ass
Obstruction of justice charges waiting for you when you get back.  MAGA!!!!
I'm sure he appreciates you outing his people to the Russians. You are disgusting!
unforgettable??? Exactly. What @FLOTUS did to you is really unforgettable. Lol
We found your tax returns
Yes and he paid more than Obama and Sanders!
What did you know and when did you know it?  #TrumpRussia #resist
You must be exhausted after last days meetings with all these villains.
Orange Boy shit going down lock  Donnie Trump up
Totally we will remember meliana swiping a rats hand more than once
You are making us so proud President Trump 
كم انت كذاب يا ترامب
classy
And thank you Mr President for your leadership and commitment to a safer USA and world.
News flash POTUS Israel is in the middle east.
Congratulations Mr. Trumph

FREEDOM OF SPEECH. FREEDOM OF WORSHIP. FREEDOM FROM WANT. FREEDOM FROM FEAR.
you are fat.
#immature
That is the first and last visit you will ever have there, impeachment is upon you....
You are my President. However, what the hell are you doing? You're teaming up with two very vile and evil countries. Opposite of MAGA!
Fuck you
It was a wonderful sight to see Our President & the Prime Minister Netanyahu!! God bless Sir 
Thank you President Trump for the visit special and exciting in the Holy Land and promise to stand to the right of Israel against her enemie
Best President Ever !!!



https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/866721488099057666 …
Unforgettable! BWAAHAHAHA.. You forgot you were in the middle east.. Loser
Thanks for embarrassing our country AGAIN! 
Troll
Oh... OMG oh that hurt so bad... Lol grow up. Educate yourself, read more than propaganda. I have Just as much right to read his BS as you
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
#FakeNews
IMPEACHMENT
Ps.46.10
Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be [1/2]
exalted in the earth! [2/2]
Looking forward to the day, Lord
She enjoyed herself too.
Yes she did! Always letting him know she's right there for him
By slapping him away? Gotcha. 
That's what dumbasses like you think lol
Faith they are just pissed that our president is doing so well and has been graciously received every where he's been so far.Treated royally
Two best friends!
These people have no convictions. They are praising Trump for an arms deal with Saudi Arabia. Yeah, great trip...
It keeps our military here. Not fighting their fight there. It will Save American life's and a lot of money in long run
Hypocrite.Where was all the Up roar, when Obama gave millions to Terroist&Hillary sold Uranium to Putin.U need your head examined!
Brennan just confirmed contact between Russians and your campaign 
 the Russia thing...omg...get over it!!!    So over hearing about Russia.  Move on with your life
So you're ok with Russia interfering with our election? You're ok with our Potus colliding with them most likely. A real patriot aren't you?
Abso effin lutely...lol  I'm over here with Putin eating popcorn at this point watching all the pansies lose it!    I'm a patriot 100%.
I'm a Patriot, from a very long line of Patriots, who put their lives on the line, so you have your freedom of speech.
A very courageous leader
Obama is a better president than u
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi....
Meanwhile back in america, you are totally screwing over the poor and middle class. Maga?
You truly don't understand economics. Not on a national scale anyway.
It was a pleasure and honor to welcome you. The bond between our two peoples is unbreakable. We are truly stronger together.
Lovely  #istandwithisrael
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation

#Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow #impeachTrumpPence
#stopahca #trumpdontcare
Don't come back 

#muellertime #ComeyMemo #Trumprussia
#putinpuppet #Trumprussia #impeach
Trump is always proven right. Dishonest media wont admit it. Sad
The Fake News Media is officially out of control they will do or say anything in order to get attention. Sad
They are desperate that they no longer control the narrative.
Again Sir - please don't come home.
You're a disaster as @POTUS for most normal Americans.
Even @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP can't stand contact with you now.
Talk about making a mountain out of a mole hill. She didn't want to hold hands so what?
Would you say the same had Michelle done that ?? Hell no you wouldn't!!!
It is time for the indictments of Clinton Obama Rice Lynch Comey Clapper Brannon Padesta and George Soros
Did he thank you for giving away intel you dope?
Donalds Tweets! I'm going through an seeing what one's are his/and what one's some one else did for him! Trying to shut him down on Tweets.
Really stay iver there we dont want u back
Glad you're having a great time! Cause when you get home, they're coming for you! Yep! They got ya!
Way to rock the world stage, my most excellent #POTUS! You are definitely, the man! Your family rocks too. Highest respect & admiration!
Loved it when FLOTUS swatted you!

I don't think "wonderful and unforgettable" are the words you're looking for. Try "enlightening and thought-provoking"...oh, never mind...
@TheMisterMarcus that night sorry you were crying at your moms house
Murderers association
فخامة الرئيس  .. أنت مصدر فخر لنا .
Next time take me
Donald, since you are such great buddies with Net and Ruvi maybe you should actually send them a thank you card instead of tweeting 
Beautiful Historical places in Israel.
Melania made an agreement w/ Donald to stay w/ him no matter what, if he gave her a child. She devotes herself to Baron only & stays w/ dump

Normal husband and wife thing. She's just letting him know she there and to go ahead and do what you need to do. Cant people grow up!
When are you releasing your tax returns?
What country did you like better? Israel or the Middle East? You should visit the country of Africa next. It's so hot right now.
Or just visit the Belgium. A really beautiful city. And believe me: Donald knows cities. Nobody knows cities like he does
When you are done with us, do you want our new country to be called trussia or rump?  Thanks Allison!!
Perhaps you all will have your own vacay spots in the Hague soon.
How many ISIS members would abandon them if granted clemency? Weaken the links, break the chains.
you embarrass us. Your country hates you.
America will look back at this period with great shame and embarrassment
Truth & we're living thru it. Crazy! 
Our present now will be a bad time in history.
American spent 50 years fighting a cold war and trump gives Russia the keys to the white house. unreal
It does feel surreal. Huge betrayal. I can't even wrap my head around all of this.
a bankrupt racist misogynistic 'reality tv star' that's stated women are just sex objects and didn't help his dying brother. great job USA
STAY OVER THERE - please!
The Palestinians have wanted peace for a very long time, Donny...........
Millions of Americans have always wanted to go to the wall but couldn't until now.  We were able to go with you.  We are so blessed!
We are so proud of you and Melania.
I wouldn't show my face on here either. Its ok to be ashamed of being a democrat. If I was one I would be too.
#F^ckfacevonclownstick
#putinsc^ckholster
#get45out #hypocrite
@POTUS #collusion 
@realDonaldTrump #f^ckwad #liarliar
Hmmm, I understood they hated you there because you can't keep secrets! FAKE NEWS?
Trudeau wants our refugees. Give them maps and free bus passes! Take them!
Still praying for you on this historic trip!!
Stop the chemtrails
Thank you Donald for confirming that you did spill your guts to Russia and that it was Israel who gave you the info. U R such a dimwit!!!
Ya @netanyahu looked so thrilled lol i loved watching him look so happy.
Trump has no power any more.... people are just laughing behind their hands now. Even the Pope seems constipated in his presence.
Praise the God of lsrael
An in-depth analysis of Trump's embrace of the PLO!
Have a nice #evilconvention in #tlv? The 2 worst leaders on earth.  @realDonaldTrump and @netanyahu can both #gotohell #WorstPresidentEver
We told you to stay over there, we do not want you back!


... quite frankly if you only knew what you were given, if you only knew.
Did you solve the Middle East situation? I'm not tired of winning yet
You are hated by them.
Sorry your tired and don't have the stamina to be President, Hilary travel thousand of Miles as Secretary of State You take 1 trip Disgrace
Hey Marcus..Guess you ain't never an ol lady #Thats the way it goes sometimes.

Two of a kind, you deserve each other, self serving man! SHAMEFUL 
He has low something... T?
Comrad Trump
So happy to hear our "Friend", ISRAEL, "WELCOMED" OUR GREAT PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY SO "WARMLY"!
We must hv #peace throughout d world cuz that's was d original intent if U read d Book of Genesis n d Bible!! d #curse reuined d #peace
Your making us proud great speeches.
#اعزم_البشير_شو
You are doing such a great job. Keep it up. So proud.
Actually, forgettable.
We didn't welcome u 
Quds is Islamic city not Jewish
Try not to be a #nationalembarrassment.
You're an antisemite.
Move the embassy.

Suck balls
The main thing is that everything is wonderful.
Idiot
Cute...nothing wrong with being reserved.
The saudis sponsored terrorists, and the killers of the people of Yemen
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN PEOPLE
Awesome President
I'm sure they will never Forget You!
Do you know at your birth aCriminally Fraudulant Strawman Account is creataed in your name by which the NWO Left makes Billons
Do not return to the U.S., kicked out like NYC! Your citizenship is being revoked! Take ur circus w/ you Orange Clown
As a Jew, I a@ embarrassed and humiliated to see you in Israel let alone the wailing wall.   You crook traitor and racist
President Donald Trum you are wonderful and brav president
Great job Mr.President.Fake news doesn't want to report how great your doing.. So sad. At least Fox News is showing how great your visit!

Do as i do but don't do as I say! The blind leading the blind! Good luck & Enjoyit while it lasts! Two scoops or three!
I wish I could meet Benjamin Netanyahu
Yes we will never forget you thinking you were no longer in the Middle East you ignorant putz.
Israel is our most loyal ally, we should strengthen that alliance before anything else. Our embassy belongs in Jerusalem, Israel exists!
BIbi going light on Trump for giving your intel away .... may not be so popular at home

I'm sure they already forgot you
Mr. Hallmark at ten yrs. old
why won't your order bride hold your hand?
#ImpeachTrump
#RussiaGate
Should have shook his hand, don't you think. We have enuf enemies
It's a proud family tradition of mine to fight deplorable fascists so totally agree  #AltRight #RussiaGate #TheResistance
Russia, Russia, Russia.  We are not distracted.  Flynn will turn on you.  Naptime!
Is the best thing that can be said of tRump's boondoggle that he did not barf at a state dinner??? Or did he?
You are an idiot and a disgrace #Notmypresident Drumpf. I am ashamed to have you represent America.
Donald Trump
We are so proud of our president.We are with you President

 FBI investigation
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 Impeachment/25th
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3DT8-7hNk …
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
