Bias!  It's not just for breakfast anymore!
Don't depend too much on anyone in the world. Even your shadow leaves you when you're in darkness
questions
I don't care to listen. Go directly to jail. Conduct business like a mob boss
GO ON CNN CHICKEN SHIT!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!...
Dear Mr President, To make America great again please don't slash Social Securitt and Medicare. We need it!
great job Mr president
STOP tweeting 4 god sake!!!! Go do something for the country!!!! You really are mentally challenged to occupy this position!! Ugh!
Hope you do great 
I'll DVR it and watch it in the morning
Look, you work for the People,  get your ass off the TV and do some work.
You can rest assured that I most certainly will not enjoy
Makes sense.Their not in the bsnss of News, 2 busy "Pussy Grabbin" their friends!@rogerailes @oreillyfactor
God what a waste of time to watch it
Interviews are not your friend. You talk too much. Even in marketing there is a concept "over exposure".
school nutrition association legislative conference is April 2-4.  I would love to visit you to discuss child nutrition
the idiot forum, lol.
Thank You President Trump for all you have done so far.  God Bless and protect you and your family!
I can think of a trillion things .I would rather do
#FAKENEWS #FAKEPRESIDENT
Fox is a cheap station. Not watching their lies
Quit hiding on Fox News unless it's Chris Wallace or Shepard Smith.
你好
Poor baby is Tweet your refrigerator door for your 3 year old art? Seems so!
You personal horn blowing is like a prschooler promoting every crayon scratch as work of art! Are you 3?
OK sir..... Wouldn't dare to miss it
what will be interviewed sir?
why don't you interview on a real news channel.
all the truth and nothing but the truth?
keep up the good work!!!
No one cares because it's going to be a partisan 1 sided interview anyway you lying traitorous thief! 
adopt a dog
How sad you feel like you need to promote yourself. Your approval at all time low for any president.
please God Save us from this evil man
not my president what a shame you are to our country
Enjoy? What is "enjoy" supposed to mean? What is enjoyable about watching you burying US, next generations?
Your tweet contains bad grammar. It should read "interviewed".
how do you have so much free time to tweet??
who cares
sounds like a cartoon show
#trumpinjail
nobody cares! Fix #trumpcare #trumprussia #trumpwikileaks #trumptraitors
we couldn't watch because "It's fake new's" right? You are the fake and looks like your about 2 b exposed!
why don't you go on any other news say @cnn @msnbc if they are so fake go on there and prove it fox=sb?????
. Are you respectfully given the questions in advance like most past presidents?
Be a real man and face all media.  What's to hide from?
Of course you will coward. Because you can't handle the scrutiny of a real reporter TRAITOR!
I never watch you....sorry Grandpa !
comedy gold!
I'm sure you were plenty coked up for that show.
@6AM I dont have the brainpower to interpret your childlike yammering.
give them hell don't cave in I'm behind you 100 percent
I will be peeing in the toilet at 6am... same thing
fake president phoney news network.
you need a psychiatrist.  You are sick not Obama
or not!
I was reading my ACLS manual. Much more interesting.
: Crony Fack News?
Nothing better to do than be TV Guide?  "Enjoy!" comes off as complete narcissism. No higher priorities?
enjoy what all the lies that come out of your sick mouth you gotta go you p.o.s
Basically State Run TV at this point. Useless.
I thought the FBI don't comment on cases, why are they now trying to say something. Strange
You are not enjoyable to watch! You do not even make sense half the time!
I won't be watching.  I would puke if i did!
you were interviewed during the raid, in which a U.S. Soldier died. Congratulating yourself while he died
Educated people don't watch Fox, but Trump loves the uneducated. Why? "Because I are one," he explained.
Ve a otros medios, no donde te lamen las suelas
Lol..please find a worthy news outlet
, WE LOVE YOU MR. PRESIDENT!!! THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO, MAY GOD BLESS AND PROTECT YOU ALL
; Be fearless Mr President n say it as ur mind tells u! Wishing u a nice interview devoid of fake news.
no one enjoys listening to your lies except you and your mindless sheep.  #LiarInChief #DumpTrump
everyone knows the NSA can listen in on every conversation!  They don't have to have another court order!!

That is awesome, can you share your plans with the FTC?
What?  They don't want to interrupt their usual faux news to put your less on the air?
nobody cared haha!
: Sorry, don't believe it. Fake report.
do you read these ? I need to talk 219-617- 6210 please .
hey I need to talk to you Mr President I know your busy ! I'm just an old common Mexican with some good idea
Wait, aren't you busy tweeting at 6 am usually? How do you find it enjoyable to watch you say whatever comes to your mind?
The lying Coward/Con-Artist is afraid to go on mainstream media. They'd Expose his Agenda
ITS A DAMN SHAME YOU CONTINUE TO LIE AND FOX NEWS KISSES YOUR BEHIND.....imo..
Mr. President (respectfully) when you get the time. Will you take a look at HB 50? The time is long over do!
what does it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul
#teletrumpter
Your last word in this tweet is impossible for me re you and your presidency.
of course, that's the only news outlet you like,
Presdent Trump, u r doing a great job. Don't give dems amunition by engaging n redirect. Focus on #MAGA
but your not a friend so its just fox hope you know
Nice language, no followers, just go away..Listen to your trash in the main stream media.
NO.
Who cares! No one wants to listen to your voice or all the hate that comes out of your mouth!
We're with you all the way! !!
gn
Some of them not as supportive as they should be. Casting doubts on your leadership. Did you notice? Maybe have a word with Fox executives.
It's all fake news, isn't it?
fixed news is just about the only outlet that's you'd feel comfortable allowing an interview!
Won't watch
I'd rather walk on nails #TrumpTreason #FireSessions
But Fox news are liars and so are all news outlets you hypocrite!
I will be watching you Mr. President@ go Donald Trump
fake news fake news fake news fake news fake news
That's MSM. Fake news.
fox
I'll enjoy it when you're impeached.
I "enjoyed" it so much
fake news! (Sad)if the ones opposing you are fake all of them are fake.
this is fake news. #medicatetrumpnow #tinfoilhatparty #makeamericasaneagain #trumptapp
fake news. #ReleaseYourTaxes to make news
oh good!! I'll have something to laugh about.
Hope they ask why Saudi Arabia isn't on the Ban? No sanctions? Saudi's fund Terrorism across the Globe
we didn't

I DON'T WATCH FAKE NEWS.
you do realize he didn't mention fox lmao
#notmypresident  Only friends you've got!
and you know they'll be wearing their kneepads
I will never enjoy anything about you.
accusations without proof are just that.
Demigods like Hitler and Stalin etc. They talked very much like you
The real-fake-news organization!
The only Interview I want to hear from you is when you finally RESIGN
*laughing*  Donny Donny Donny.. when will you learn?  You have no friends.
WHY don't you go on a REAL news broadcast and answer some proper questions?  Your people want true answers
enjoy?
just lock them up.
what reputable news source would have u?
.  Hey, what about Morning Joe?  He loves you.
Let CNN interview you, or are you scared of the truth?
Why? I thought you hate fake news?
they cannot be trusted be careful
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/06/21/us/politics/donald-trump-roy-cohn.html …
the o my media that has sold their soul to you and where your supporters eat your lies
I DON'T WATCH FAKE NEWS LIKE FOX. WATCHING FOX NEWS IS LIKE LISTENING TO YOU MAKING SHIT UP
Donald J. Trump.The media are not FAKE you are FAKE. Trump you are a embarrassement to the USA.
Just another reason to NOT watch "Faux and Cronies"
who the fuck cares
Cause you won't sensor ass kissers!U can't handle real news interviews where u don't get the questions 1st.
I won't be watching you. Russian traitor!
thanks for letting us know, will be changing channel.
#FAKENEWS FAUX AS FAQUK
If you consider having your ass kissed and no real questions of substance being asked an "interview."
How pathetic that you only appear on Faux news. Afraid to show up on mainstream news outlets?
you will only interview with people that agree with you? Fake news outlet.  #FakePresident
YUCK.

One of the few news media that he likes cause it doesn't ask him hard questions....
you are a fraud!
I would like to see you on CNN Good day with Chris C
Wait. Aren't they fake news???? #youreanidiot
