YES! And Fine these people for their lies and the democrats and rhinos, Incarcerated for treason, failures of party commitment, Treachery!
Exactly, Equal Justice for All!
Yes, which means Donald Trump Jr. is to be sent to a firing squad.
They are out today, Trolls!
I don't know...maybe it's because NO, it is not fake, and it is a violation of the Constitution of the United States.
We've known from day one the Podesta and Mook and some republicans were behind this fake dossier!! How is it that our "intelligence" has no
Has no clue! All's they have to do is talk to Julian Assange and Sarah Carter!! We need truth and JUSTICE!! The rule of law!! Or no country!
Do you have even a single piece of hard evidence that MSM is 'fake'? Your tax returns would do nicely.
If you keep listening to Putin's messed up ideas on the press, you and your family will go down in history as worse than Franklin Pierce. You will shame your descendants until the 25th Century.
Right? Idiots.
Whyisnt @HillaryClinton  arrested yet Mr @jeffsessions ....come on already
Good ! Because it is socialism in action ! Called propaganda! Get the young you will get the Nation.
Also why isn't the FBI telling us about the betrayal of Dems like DWS and the Awan and Fast food gang.Putting America at risk? @JeffSession
Throw a tantrum much? #crybaby
The only fake news is what’s coming out of your mouth.
There should be laws against all the lies the fake media puts out. Especially against a sitting president!!!!!
Because the news isn't fake.
Why don't you go start your own little dictatorship based in the Trump Hotel you built in Baku? You won't have to put up with democracy!
It's not fake news just because you disagree with it
Most likely because of your administrations dealings with RUSSIA during your campaign. Hello.
When you talk or tweet it is all fake right away 
They are. As is Mueller. As is @washingtonpost  @nytimes @latimes @Slate @BBC as are we all. Your fake news. Russian fake news. Truth is all
Why don't you do something about it rather than COMPLAINING about it onTwitter? Because you'd be indited, that's why!
You are a liar and made up fake news because you want the people to believe BS! No dictator for us. Resign or get impeached!
Hmm, maybe try the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Communications Technology, Innovation, and the Internet?  @SenatorWicker
ikr babe
This is REAL news or you would sue Donald.
They are - it's the calm before the storm.
#Dotard Just because you don't like truth calling news fake does NOT MAKE IT FAKE NEWS~

#ImpeachTrump @housegop @senategop @gop @reince
Ah, #DeceitfulDonny's a bit scared today.

FCC needs to revoke their news licence and issue them a satire one..
Because Senate Intel is busy looking into FACTS relating to the fascinating assistance your campaign received from Russia. Truth is always more interesting than fiction.
#Antitrump The only things FAKE in all this is the notion that Trump is qualified to be President, & he speaks the truth.
From the man who lies over 80% of the time...
You keep pushing this "fake news" propaganda to distract from your own scandals. It's not working though.
It's all smoke screens.... But we can see right thru em...
~i~
Too busy looking into your Russian connections!!
I don't believe that we have a "MORON " in OUR white house. The news has a right to speak cause it's called freedom of speak you "MORON "
Either "made-up:  FAKE" or "made up -- FAKE."  I prefer the first.  The colon (:) means "as follows" and requires 2 spaces after its use.
Because you're a fake president you idiot
#TrumpsanEmbarassment #trumpisamoron
Have you ever read the 1st amendment? Any of it? The @GOP uses it to pass "Religious Freedom" laws all the time, infringing on peoples 14th
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
And yet see trump using "god" all the time now. Speaking to his base. Like there are no other religions in this country.
Just because YOU ARE A #MORON and don't either believe or comprehend it doesn't mean there is #FakeNews
Why don't we have a special prosecutor to investigate and prosecute the corruption of Hillary Clinton?
Sir, the source of fake news is YOU- almost daily, Breitbart and your shady Russian hacker-friends

your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost

This is my fav thing about Trump. That and he makes congress work.
Why? Trumps approval is in the toilet. If this investigation turns out the way it looks like, CNN will come out looking like heroes.
it's looking like absolutely nothing is coming from it. They're investigating Americans on Facebook and twitter now thought It was a hack?
You have a lot of faith in your guy, but i wouldnt hold out. Mueller is in no way fucking around and hes the best there is. We'll see
I didn't vote for him but after all this, and they still have no dirt on him?  Fucking amazing. Maybe the people elected the right person
No dirt? Are you sure? A smart investigation would hold its best evidence for the trial
Mmhmmm. You see how those idiots report on any little scuffle in the WH and leak phone call transcripts? They have nothing.
because they AREN'T FAKE NEWS Donald, so many sources to validate what they say. If you new anything about gvt, you'd understand.
Because it’s a global cabal and our media has been a part of it from its inception! They lured the American Public into a brainwashing state. The American ppl need to wake up and watch @infowars and @Project_Veritas etc...
Well, I think it may be because YOU ARE THE FAKE, don't you see that? It's YOU. The news is pretty accurate, actually. YOU are the one who is not. We all see that you continually lie. You're kind of a generally pretty horrible person. Don't you see it?
Money, money, money of a B* country. Its like floating on a sinking boat. U know the financial health of the country.
What a ripoff yu have to donate to vote no thanks. Your the fake news
Smart beautiful girl who loves music!!!!
Because they’re all embedded with each other for the downfall of the Country & @POTUS. That’s what evil demons do. God is with us. GBless 

Ok
PLEASE ASK AG SESSIONS TO OPEN @HillaryClinton EMAILS CASE + BENGHAZI + CLINTON FOUNDATION SCAMS.WE AMERICAN PPL PATRIOTS HAD ENOUGH.#MAGA
The majority of Americans have had enough of Donnie, too! #Magamorons
As it was then, so it is now...you couldn't tell the truth if it bit your wedding tackle off and beat you with it.
1. You ARE a moron.  2. Free speech.  3. The story is true.  4. No one in history lies more than you.
I don't need their free speech. I want news, not their opinion. It's annoying.
Wait...you would agree to make Trump a dictator?
We know media is up democrats ass when are we #goingAfterClinton
Because we have an Ammendment that protects free speech! You know this don’t you! Most geniuses do!
Because they’re already looking into you! You’re the biggest source of fake news in history.
The SINKING SHIP OF LIARS WOULD HAVE NOTHING TO SAT IF FAKE STORIES BUSTED THE LICENSING
Because they're busy looking into the fucking Russian manipulation into our elections which is the only reason we have a fake president.
They're too busy looking into all the things you & your family say that are made up #TrumpFakeNews. #TrumpsLie #LiarInChief
Why aren't they looking into the hypocrite of "Christian values" who lies, cheats, three wives, abuses women, sexual predator, racist #trump
Well, since you’re the one talking all the time, and they’re reporting it, the fake must all be from you!
https://en.nametests.com/test/result/diana/anm_9802096496/index_new/?p=eyJ1dG1fc291cmNlIjoidHdpdHRlciIsInV0bV9tZWRpdW0iOiJ0d191c2Vyc2hhcmVzIiwidXRtX2NhbXBhaWduIjoiMjQ0ODAifQ …
Where is the DOJ, Mr. President? Sessions is blocking bringing criminals to justice.  Please replace him ASAP.   Thank you. MAGA.
Bc the real scandal is in ur campaign. U robbed the ppl of a real President.
Simply quoting your moronic statements that you make while on public record is so embarrassing.  Doesn't make it fake.
They are too busy looking into you and your cronies Russian ties #ImpeachTrump #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpRussia
You’re a true moron you’re the one watching fake news every morning @foxandfriends
Start with faux Mews first that should fill up you next three years
Show bobs
No, just the shi t spewing from your mouth on a daily basis. #DotardTrump #DotardMoron #DotardDon #MoronTrump #MoronInChief
Considering the vicious way media've been attacking POTUS,Mr. Trump's Attack @ leftist activistm's actually too mild:
My latest: "Stirring the racial divide instead of reporting real news: Trump-hating media ignore church shooting" http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/sep/27/media-continues-to-bash-donald-trump/ …
You be the biggest FAKE, and lousiest idea for President.


The Senate doesn't work for you. Need bigger words to get that? THE SENATE DOESN'T WORK FOR YOU and your fragile ego. They're OUR employees!
Be careful what you wish for because @FoxNews will be in the hot seat for fake news, Donny. #FDT #RESIGN
Why do you speak about lies as if you weren't constantly spouting them off yourself?
Is the Senate Intel Committee part of the problem? Voters need to come out in Full Force to help fix this problem!
Never know

You will not destroy our free press.
They're a bit busy looking into your dealing with Russia right now.
Why indeed,? Another term for it is propaganda. Trump 2020
#moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron #moron
Well, you already know why.   Then they'd have to try to stop Mueller from finding the #faketrumpnetwork too!
You do realize that Fox, Brietbart and InfoWars would get eviscerated, right?
"The only security of all is in a free press." Thomas Jefferson. If you prefer the original with context:
- look into fake president
Should they start with your Twitter??
You  need sought CNN out  always  going on about how good AFRICA IS TO INVEST YOU CAN BE SHOT YOU NEED
SMALL ARMY TO PROTECT YOU cnn lie
Another Blatant Lie
I agreed!!!
The liberal news has always been biased. People need education in discernment.
The only fake is you.
Try some religion Tina
Fox will be banned then, what will you be watching Mr. Papertowel.
Of course your talking about faux, Breitbart and Infowars right ?
Because they’re propaganda Outlets for the left & #DNC
Once again, show me the fake stories.  Prove it!
Says a FAKE president and FAKE conservative who got rid of his FAKE charity foundation. Now using real tax dollars to your own benefit.
Because Trump is FAKE president, news is real. Why do you tweet like a bored teenager?
Stop being President. Please.
The #FakeNews only not on USA also in all world is very danger because of disturbing Social Order and give Heroslabor's Bad interpretations.
YES, WHY ?                            Why are The Republicans NOT Using the power the American people gave them last year?
They are. They’re looking at you who spreads the most fake news just to make yourself look good. It ain’t happening. #TrumpMustGo
Why isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into you 45?  You're a FAKE president..
You want them to go after Fox/Hannity, Infowars/Jones, your fake FB "news" site?  Because they are the fake news, Daycare Donnie.
Because they have real things to do? You know, diplomacy, running the country, looking after other ppl? Oh, actually I guess you don't...
Watch the documentary "The Enemies Within". It identifies 20 Senators and 100 Congessman who are pro communist
Because they have important stuff to do, ya big lunk. Now get back out on the golf course and let us get some work done.
Finally the #president is doing something right and calling out stupid #FoxNews for the #FakeNews bullshit they feed simple people everyday
That would mean another investigation into you. Be careful what you wish for. Most #FakeNews comes from the WH.
I'm with you President Trump. I will stand by you until the end.
And JUST WHAT has @CNN, @nytimes and other LEGIT news sources reported that is fake? Just because they don't report favorably on U isnt FAKE
Too busy figuring out what you are up to
Were you stamping your feet while typing that, like a little boy ?
Because the Senate itself is a FAKE Senate.
People reacting negatively to the things you actually say and do does not make news "fake".
Cut it out! It's like watching someone's ill behaved child throw a tantrum in the supermarket.
Tell ya what, Traitor - let's DO that - let's INVESTIGATE what's REAL and what ISN'T. Start right now.
Because no one is falling for your BS anymore!
The only fake news is you.
Enough is Enough Twittler
Why don’t you tweet something about Jared & Ivanka using private emails for gov’t business? Does “lock her up” sound familiar?
I happen to know the the Senate Intel committee is looking into our fake President.
I guess they figure it's no use asking the king of #FakeNews aka #LIES cuz everyone knows when stuff is fake, you're tweeting it.
#FakeHuman
Stop trying to deflect from your political disaster of a presidency
They definitely should be looking into Fox News!
I don’t know... why arent Breitbart and @FoxNews shutdown for fabricating stories? Dangerous! #fakenews #factcheck #factsmatter
That why you are there: to clean up all previous mess USA and DRCongo.
Because the fake news Cretans would all be out of a job, the moronocrats would have nothing to believe and protest about!! Lol ALL LOSERS
They were busy getting golden showers 
Not important now because you are making fake news yourself.  DAKA go home!  Build Wall!  Keep those Hispanics from mutinying in my country.
we need them to report on you the fake illegal president
You would know about fake wouldn’t ya @realDonaldTrump



Em JUST 3 0 YO ASS LOL
B/c false sec clearance docs, RU collusion & private email scandals of @IvankaTrump, @Donaldjtrumpjr, & you keeps them busy
@realDonaldTrump your a president, if you cry about fake news, how are you going to confront North Korea? Lol
That is a wonderful question!
You are the perfect example why we do need public education. supported. "Trailer trash" has more class & manners.
...Have you missed the entire investigations?
Why isn't the Senate intelligent looking in to @realDonaldTrump for spreading fake news?
Why don't you just pray to the "fake news" gods and tell them to stop?
We are all hoping you are "Fake News", and that we will wake up and have a real president.
Anything that doesn't agree with your agenda it's fake or a lie it's a pattern you have Trump.and also a problem impeachment soon I hope sad
NARCISSIST: a person who has an excessive interest in or admiration of themselves.
Interesting the ONLY news you havent called fake is Fox. That must be because they kiss your ass
Because the only fake news comes from your cabinet and your Fox friends. and we all know you are attempting to set up a propaganda machine.
For all those that reply to tRumps horrid tweets don't waste your breath. He can dish it out but can't take it.
I wonder why @TheJusticeDept isnt investigating the Clinton & ovama cartels or losing Rosenstein & Mueller? Time to fire @jeffsessions ?
make America great again DUMP trump! they should also look at all ur lies
Do you want fox and msnbc out of business?
The more you cry FAKE news the more those outside your cult know you are setting up for when your Russian connection comes out.
bc they couldn't find their ass in the dark with two hands
Let's start with Fox news first.

