Happy Easter to you Mrs. Trump.  God Bless You and Your Family!
STAY STRONG...dont let the haters get you down.
Cooll

Jay shri krishna
Do you want to sex with me at the White House??
RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the @WhiteHouse on Monday! ...
Is that what you really think Easter is about that's the problem today it turned everything into a money-making event and forget about Jesus
While looking for easter eggs, see if you can find Trump's brain, soul and humanity out there.
I feel bad for you girl. For marrying Trump. He has orange skin. Are you blind?

My home "welcome in India. "Kindly women mom.
Can you even find the White House on a map?
melanlakoni kobi dari
What a wonderful job you are doing! Stay strong against all the hate. Poor things can’t handle loss...really sad. Trump
You will do a great job!
It’ll be fun & beautiful for all the kids.
Are you and Donald planning on hosting a threesome next year with Stormy?
As a  Christian you should know very well that it's pagan and not biblical.
How can I get involved and help with the egg hunt..????
I'd love to bring my kiddos..
Eşine söyle birgün filistin kurtulacak. O yaptığını bulacak
Smallest crowds ever at Easter egg roll this am.. just like inauguration! #loserInChief #fakeFlotus #unfit
They of course will deny poorly planned they don't know what they are doing
You two sure aren't prepared to get down with the kids at the Easter Egg roll like the Obamas. Embarrassing
we're worried abt solving this forgein policy mess BO left, u can have the egg roll, only liberals smh
Lol@foreign policy mess. #alternativefacts
is it currently good?
Oh hell no. Trump is a war mongering interventionist intent on starting WW3. He has to get his Raytheon stocks up after all.
how are ur Uranium One stocks looking?
We love you ma. How I wish I'm part of the celebration, but seriously watching your good works in Nigeria. We're praying for your Government
Do you see my comment, Donald Trump ... I am the first to know that you will be president of America, because I saw it in a dream.
Where I saw in the dream that I found you in my village in Morocco you and Hillary Clayton and I told you who will be the president and this was four months before the elections.

Hello
How's very nice to super
my dreamland Mom love you Mom
so thanks giving day. 좋은 하루 행복하게 보내세요.  부활절 달걀 looking GOOD
arweeisieddddd
Hope next year is better. Can't hold a candle to First Lady Michelle Obama. Hers were exquisite!
I have fuck you @Melania Trump
How wonderful.
Who painted the watercolor? Nice job. S/he should be recognized.
Bello melanie medina tirado
In ooctober
What do u mean in October? I think I'm being censored...
Who holdsraster eggrollin October ?
What?
In September lol
لا لا لا حرام مايصيرانتي اكبر عاهره عرفها التاريخ وعلا وجه الارض
Shut up
That for kids
#fail
What a marvelous painting of the white house and flower garden. Eat your heart out Picasso.


Joke
All whites!
Just divorce him
Leik good
I wish sir a beautiful Sunday and well strong!!!
@WhiteHoulkeep up the good work we love you even if you fire Muller please do
I am so proud of you and the difference you're making in this country. We literally need all the help we can get. I am a real fan!

U r a BEAUTIFUL AND CLASSY LADY.I would love to meet you and your husband.Please Take 5 minutes out for me PLEASE SIGNED PAMELA
Buy Now! NEW Illumanati Bible Script T-Shirt! https://www.bonfire.com/illumanati/  #Trumpismypresident #Illumanate #Bible #InfoWars #TrailBlazerTs27 #USA
Please wear clothing, First Not A Lady
Thats fantastic,good one from the best first lady of all time.
glad you all are having a great time...... Meanwhile Donald  is getting impeached.
why is it full of the congressional children who already have so much? Sad
This is beautiful, thank you for the share my First Lady!
all the flowers were fake
you are a
 terrific role model.
You seem like a nice lady, how do you support Donald and his crazyness
Thank you to you and your husband for breaking the sick ritual of Ramadan and replacing it with Easter  you are lovely Melania 
Too late
Big show - nothing more.
paz
Where were the children of color?
...Like.....Supr...Melania....
My thoughts and prayers are with you
I need more rights I need more privileges I need I need I need I need I don't have enough I'm not equal
What's all this #NotMyPresident I'm Taking It You're Not American
I've come to realize that most of the people that are bitching on here are uninformed uneducated waste of human
*Humanity
Yep he's taking our tax money all right that's why he denied presidential pay that's why he wants his own jet to be Air Force One
#worst attendance ever
Love, lovely Easter White House drawing. It's the best!
Do Donald's farts smell like eggs ?
Your husband is a monster and you will go down with him if you don't cut bait.
Hi Melany...to Dominican Republic....
Why VEGANS dont eat cruel EGGS =

Oh my Lord: I already had forgotten about this. The unaltered is just as ... bizarre? creepy?
Mister DONALD. Make a good mess in America. it wil fal appart. And the states wil be small countrys.whe  say..you are the greates
LIKE
I can't wait till your husband's fat racist heart explodes from all the lies he tells


Melania now is your chance to escape from your abusive limp dik husband.  He can't stop you.  He's in Saudi Arabia.  Be brave.  Leave him
impeachment
Beautiful!!
It was Horrible Everyone was expecting Melania in her Pussy Cat outfit LOL
The left projects their bad behavior on the right. Now is the time to shine the light on their corruption and put them on the defense
Please reopen the investigation against Hilary!  Tired of the lefts and medias double standards
President Trump stay strong despite the lefts relentless attacks against you your supporters are still behind you
I think you are amazing! So smart! When do we get to hear another thoughtful speech?
MAKE ME PUKE GO BACK TO NY YOUR TAINTED THE WH!!!!
rEGARDS FRON SWEDEN ,GREAT JOB...
save some of those Easter eggs for my mother she's going to need something to eat after all her funding is cut
Divorce, take half
Yea... except you almost missed it didn't you?
Wondering if you'll be there? Aren't you banned from the WH miss first lady?
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse دوستتان دارم امید وارم یه روز از نزدیک شمارو زیارت کنم .
Such a sweet painting, "Easter at the White House 2017."  :)  And you did a wonderful job with the event, Melania! Our family loves you!!! 
なんでかな
このスプーン。うちとこにもあります。
You were late on THAT one. Oooopsy...


Hello ma'am 
Dear President & Mrs. Trump, We pray for you and the family every day. I hope you had a great Easter. Thank you, Trump Family!
I don't like you either. You are aware that you are a immigrant too
I'm honestly sad that the only thing people can do is hate.. Melania is the epitome of American# mutts # immigrants
By Trump denying Climate Change against NASA's Data which leads worsening storms that kill.  How is he/you not a terrorist?
If the POTUS denies Climate Change proven by NASA data and Exec order continuity of NASA, but denying leads to destruction how not terrorism
Melania I don't get how your hisband can become President AND. be an ADMITTED SEX OFFENDER AND NOT HAVE TO REGISTER FOR LIFE?
go back to ny
Thank goodness 
I read The Audicity Of HOPE.
Check that: I did not finish it...U Bet I'm Reading it NOW
Amazing DESIGN
How beautiful! Just like U
VENEZUELA NEED HELP!
#trumpsucks
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse take your son and get out of this and away from that insane man . you are better than this
#WomensConference2017
Immigrant
Love you and am proud of you, Melania.  You are the wind beneath Donald's wings.
Remember Trump, Ryan and the GOP on Election Day. Trumpcare is self serving and will kill more people then the 9/11 and 12/7/1941.
I see
hh9 3ojo d jh÷=¥0!2
F32÷355
You poor thing.
Happy Easter!!
$120mil for 4 months in NYC. That could start a lot of prgms that support women and children. Just saying.
Just keep your precious ass in your golden tower.  You'll never be FLOTUS !  The Liar In Chief has his daughter/wife there instead !!
Thank you and your family for what you do for AMERICA most of us will never forget and one day we will meet in heaven.
