They're all laughing and you behind your back. None of them believe you're worthy of respect. Resign and #MAGA

that is disgusting and wrong -
So I heard this was where the Cx goes?
To have given the managment of your nuclear arsenal in land is extremly dangerous. Do you know haking 101
Im just an extremely poor guy.but im america i love my country, and i appreciate that we finally have a pres.who just wants america back.
Jean is just a nutbjob!
Appreciate a man's accomplishment's ....
WHY IS IT THAT EVERY PEOPLE U SURROUND YOURSELF WTH IS A CRIMINAL?!? IT'S BECAUSE BIRDS OF A FEATHER..
MANAFORT, 3 PASSPORTS, FAKE PHONES..
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of Sou...
Am I the only kid
You're so fucked dude
Did you kick our ally Merkel in the teeth again? You know how you love to insult and defame our strongest allies.

End of islamik terr
Merkelhas made Germany a shambles.

They all think you're an absolute moron, as does most of the world. 

You and all these bots can't change that
.@SenSchumer &.@NancyPelosi R so busy trying to out Obama the other that they have vowed to block.@POTUS not for America but for Power

Go to Sleep u Embicil
It's a great thing to see that Fake News does not have a huge reach elsewhere. not for a lack of trying. The Liberal left is in shock!
A "real president" will confront Putin about the proven Russian meddling in OUR election, a #FAKEPRESIDENT, weak president will not.
Are you all giddy with excitement to finally see your hero Putin?  Heart flip flipping?  Butterflies in your stomach? Such a girl!
No one cares. Go change your diaper.
You probably don't realize that they all think you're nuts.

We at home know better. We know that you're what nuts dangle from.
Thank you President Trump for working so hard for America! MAGA
And now you're gonna meet with ya daddy. To bad you don't want any cameras thr and only 2 ppl and 2 interpreters. What you hiding?
IT'S EVERYDAY BRO! WITH THAT DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW!
MEMES
@POTUS  Please don't back down on Paris Agr You are the hope of the World. No One World Government=Totalitarian Rule Against God & Free Will
“After listening for ten minutes, I realized it's not so easy.”
Weird right? Everything is harder than it was when he was yelling at his tv about Obama.
List of things he's found out were harder than he thought since inmauguration: 
Drawing a crowd
N Korea
Healthcare

Forgetting some...
Keeping Russian collusion under wraps
Things Trump hasn't realised:
Correct punctuation is essential. 
That tweet reads like he's listing the meetings that "Poland" has had.
This from the guy that puts "Countries" in quotation marks.
Quotations are used in a mocking connotation.  #trumplovestheuneducated
Quotation marks are also used to "mark off" a word. In this case it was Poland because "Poland" can't have meetings with an individual. 1/
Ok Donnie,  don't fuck it up tomorrow! 
#25AmendmentNow
Only stupid people hate #TheGreatTrump 

#MakeThePlanetGreatAgain
Or do only stupid people love? 
It's cool to disagree, but why was it ok for Trump to lie about his investigators in HI, but we're not allowed to question him?
You can not like CNN, MSNBC, or even FOX. But to call the media "the enemy of the people" is fascist.
He's not Hitler. I hate those comparisons. But he does view himself as a fascist leader, and it's strange. Can't wait until he's gone in 4!
4 months
Hold your breath...I dare ya! 
Beautiful reply! You seem kind of brilliant. Would you like to debate me publicly?
Americans and every citizen across the world who believes in patriotism and independence stands with you!!! #Trump2020
How can u stand w a man who wants to promote incest?
you honestly believe that??
Yes! He said it on public tv twice!! He and Ivanka have sex in common. Also if she wasn't his daughter he'd date her. How sick can u be???
thats not believable
You've never seen the footage have you?? Making fun of Mika after surgery. He's so mean and has no respect for anyone.
im not here to fight with you, just wanted to see if you believe the spin.....you will have to toughen up a bit to work as an RN 
 ~RN
Gonna be a BSN. Try getting that degree. Huge difference
"Report the news you #FakeNews heathen!!!"


We actually have one again! #MAGA
Obama did nothing.
...and more 

Hahahahaaaa  rofl you win the tweet of the day!! You are cracking me up. 
The biggest national security threat to the United States right now is The President of the United states.
Thank you so much for representing America and other countries who do not want to be taken over by radical Islam make ideology!! 
* radical Islamic terrorism *
Is Christian terrorism better then?
Jesus doesn't tell you to kill someone if you don't follow them. Now go sit down.
Neither does Mohammed.
You are poorly educated. Go take time and actually READ the Quran & its teachings. I studied it, Sharia Law & the culture for a year.
Did you learn anything though?
I learned Tht ideology does not coincide w our constitution or western civilization. @lsarsour said it herself today, 'do not assimilate'


Still waiting for actual facts to back up the Russian narrative 
If you were privy to the info you would have it.
Give me the documents or actual reports by the gov on it
If you had the credentials to be in the know you would. But you don't.
Former FBI director said there are no investigations cause they had no reason to believe there was involvement
You do know Trump himself has tweeted he is under investigation?
Thousands in Poland chanting "USA" earlier - great to see. President Trump has restored hope! Thank you. 
Thousands bussed in by Polish government to fulfill a commitment made to Conald to have cheering crowds.
No tinfoil hat here. He'll be lucky to make it all four.
What has he done worthy of impeachment?
Investigations have been started. He seems to have fired Comey, who was investigating Flynn (at least) b/c of Russia-his own words.
On him or Flynn? If Flynn is part of Russia he [trump] can't be impeached for someone else's shit
Time will tell.
Go to bed fool

Donald Trump,please go to bed!
Ummm he's on Germany time... there's a world out there besides your own...
Ok Gina t I'm joking so please don't taken it seriously.attack someone else.
You weren't joking.. nice try on the cover up though...it's 10:30 am in Germany
Ok good morning Gina T,I'm heading to the second round of the Greenbrier Classic! That was all in fun.   I'm not that type of person!
Their citizens are not helped at all by your rattling of nukes at NK. Stop being such a blowhard.
Also, learn some history about the religion to avoid reinforcing the stigma of "stupid/egocentric American"
The US posturing of NK nuclear capability is hypocritical to the point of comical, you can't have nukes but we can.
I fear US aggression far more than that of any other country, all you need is something they want and then bang! Freedom coming your way!
"Our aggression is needed because your aggression (or potential for aggression) is bad..."
Exactly, attempting to justify aggression under the guise of liberation is horrendous. The fact that we support this makes me sick.
power of words
Trump Humiliation World Tour '17 continues
Trump attacks the free press, and undermines US intelligence agencies
Trump is unhinged and dangerous.
Trump disinformation + denial on Russian interference in US election
Mr. Trump,
You will most likely never see this,
But i thought it would be the most likely rout to be able to sincerly thank you.
#FF @Robert_Kogga
In S.Korea, More half of the national population, the patriotic ppls never call & treat Mr. MUN as "PRESIDENT" bcz. He evaluated pro-N.K GUY

What Trump’s Access Hollywood tape reveals about Harvey Weinstein and men in power https://www.vox.com/identities/2017/10/6/16430510/donald-trump-access-hollywood-tape-harvey-weinstein?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
My 7 year-old can construct a better sentence.
Lol! Your son writing better than the president will NOT make you president in your life time
para de postar bxtra
We know what you're up to and it's not gonna happen. 

Time for you to #Resign
Nope. We love President Trump!  Finally a man in the office that isn't a sniveling wimp.
He is a liar, a thief, and a traitor. These are facts that are backed up by plenty of documentation. Something trump is not concerned with

Must be scary being so ignorant around all these really smart people.. Are you even smart enough to notice?

Did you see his tax returns?  Bwaahahaha

Could it be that if you just watched the full video for 5 more seconds you would see that she shook his hand? #FakeNews
cool story bro
It actually was a good story
In less than six months, he's undone a generation of American leadership.
At G-20 summit, it looks more and more like Trump against the world http://wapo.st/2sq3i2t 
It's always wise to correct the mistakes of prior administrations.
#MAGA !
I'm happy for Poland. What did you do? #dudecantwritetosavehislife
I hope you softened her up potus she been sounding a bit grumpy lately
Thanks 
What language do Merkel & Putin speak? Or are there translators nearby?
Merkel has already stated that she no longer trusts America because of Trumps lack of knowledge & preparedness, and simple ignorance.
You met Angela Merkel? Angela, the leader of the free world?
Angela Merkel destroyed peace in western Europe forever by bringing millions of 3 world culture degenerates to it and you call her a leader?

Oh to be a fly on the wall when you leave a room.
Great job Mr president. #MAGA

Yeah, your speech in Poland was something, not sure WHAT, but something
Warn them Obama is coming to visit
I hear Japan made a great deal with the EU.. guess you're not a good deal maker!
@5d0f1e7c12e94ca  thank you Mr president! #maga

She wouldn't even shake your hand, and neither would I
what is the relationship between US and North Korea?
It must suck being in a country that can't guarantee you a warm welcome.
Merkel didn't think it was great, but she laughed at our president, and rightly so. Vote Dems, so we can impeach him.
FYI: they laughed at you afterwards. Didn't you notice any smirks?

After?  After what? After that happened then what? After usually means there is something of substance going to follow.. and yet.. nothing.
Trump is your King
Sir! are you saving Kurdish people in Syria from Asada & Erdogan's fascist regime pls?
Trump strategy? The full @maddow piece on how an ostensible top secret NSA doc submitted to the show is likely fake.
Delusional Donnie, fake illegitimate prez, making our steadfast allies cannon fodder baiting the PRK w/saber rattling & hyperbolic threats!
Delusional Donnie continues to embarrass & weaken America & himself on the world stage, diminishing our greatness 1 speech or tweet@ a time!
Again such a dupa
Good friend
But no hand shake.  Embarrassing for you.
Merkel is the best. Very strong. Not week like you. She even has bigger hands than you! 


Wow, just like a preschooler... You seek credit for ONE DAY of work... That's sad
My children did not only my children they're me as you can see I love myself therefore that shows I love my children.
It's 9:30 am over there people... for those thinking only your world exists and it's 3:30am!
People hate you everywhere you go. You keep embarrassing our country. http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/tv/news/the-handmaids-tale-poland-donald-trump-visit-hulu-speech-a7828206.html …
Have they talked any sense into you yet?
Your speech was amazing! I felt proud to have you representing us...I like your patriotic tweets btw....
FAKE NEWS!!!
What about President Joot? Can't believe you skipped our country again! #ugh
You know Merkel is in Love & true tp PBO as is most of the world & prob will be more so after meeting you & your vast vocabulary knowlege
Pant suite merkel?  the bleached michelle obama?  the merkel that looks and acts like obama's mate?  Make us proud spit in her face
Musta bin something w/Merkel ?
That tells us a lot! NOT! You use the adjective "great" for everything. It's lost its meaning as have you.
Or get me my house I'll just put my kids the right way I read to them and sing the ABCs with them. I read books to them and I play with them
Really? I heard u gotten people to come to meeting in Poland? JUST like how u did when u campaign 4 President #idiotinchief #Impeach45
Did you treat Chancellor Merkel with dignity this time?

Meekly laughs at you, like we all do! Nobody has respect for you!  You are SO OUT OF PLACE, amongst world leaders!!!
Did you discuss recklessly endangering millions of South Koreans? 

The Looming Catastrophe of Trump & North Korea:
Talking in the third person. Dissociative disorder along with dementia and malignant narcissism
They all laughed at you after you left.  Merkel is now leader of the free world.
You need a comma after "Poland"!
$10 says the first Korean words you learned were, "how expensive are your prostitutes?"
Lol jk, the word "prostitues" is too classy for you. "Bring me your whores, no matter the cost," sounds a bit more realistic.
notice nobody wants to shake your hand they see you and go the other way. that's a 1st for President of the United States!
Merkel is hot somehow, don't you think Donny?? She as a takeable pussy

Stop using the word great. It means nothing.
Angela Merkel thinks you're a joke. Every 1st world leader does.
Did you tell them all about the big bad media? Warn them about CNN? I sure hope you didn't miss a chance to do that.
Merkel looks at you like she looks at a pile of horse shit, except horse shit is useful you're just human waste
Did you see them snickering as u left the room?
Did you shake there HAND?
I'm a huge fan of you and I'm from India. Please take serious action on all illegal recruitments sir. Please give the chance for LOCALS
That's NOT what she said!
Did you shake her hand this time big Don?

I'm sure, Only great in your weak mind.

خنزير اصفر معتوه
Did you ask Merkel why she has started talking like Hitler?

We need t-shirts of this
I you have no clue. You're an embarrassment
KEEP WINNING PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
President Moon ?
I have to respect both Merkel and Abe for having enough restraint not to slap the stupid out of you.
Sad indeed!
They all know ahead of time about the mental ilness.
you save daddy Putin for last with your little secret meeting. Secret because you are a Putin puppet and don't want America
You are being too kind to Angela Merkel. She hates your guts. Let her play with Obama, who is a nobody now, thank God!
Beware of the EU Ponzi scheme!
She hates you.So do other Germans

Angela Merkel thinks you are a buffoon.

Merkel & Shinzo Abe have left u & America in the dirt! They have a trade agreement w/ out us. Stupid old treasonous fool. U screwed us all
Dude. You were tolerated at best It's like asking a toddler what they want to be when they grow up & pretending to take the answer seriously
Did you act like a grown-up when Chancellor Merkel showed her face? You were so embarrassing the 1st time! You were "The Ugly American"! BAD
You're learning all your countries! Mama Melania will be so excited to hear about your day!!
Your story, not theirs!
Did you rant about fake news, intelligence & Obama-AGAIN?
You have no idea how thankful I am that you decided way back when to run for President. Praying for your safety and wisdom every day. #MAGA
Next do all the women you could bang...start with the dead ones.
I don't think she likes you.
Shinzō Abe is Prime Minister.
Idiot
Glad she wasn't rude to you like you were to her several months ago.
As Japan and the EU sign a giant trade deal without us.
You want me in handcuffs you can put the handcuffs on me Donald Trump come disrespect my parents in front of me

Did PM Abe tell you how great his trade agreement with EU is? Nobody is waiting around for your 50's trade policies. How is winning going?
She's pure evil, disgraceful! So glad she's not Our Leader -Thank God & You! Prayers & God Bless! Stay safe & Know Ur Loved & Appreciated
That's so cool, man! Where did you have lunch?
Love how Poland's First Lady totally disrespected you.  She could see you weren't worth it.
We can see the "greatness" of your meeting.. 
Delusional!
