Nobody hates your tweets. Well, your lawyers SHOULD but they don't seem very competent. To the media, they're amusing official statements
To your rabid fans, they're "truth" which is pretty funny. To the (far more) people who hate your guts, they're steps toward Impeachment
To people investigating you, most importantly, they're EVIDENCE. The things you've admitted to in tweets which were against you interest...
Anyways, are you a wee bit worried that Pence hired a REAL lawyer and not some buffoon of a New York real estate litigator, like you?
If Pence is going to throw you under the bus, he has the legal team to make sure there's no way you survive
Do you know what Pence's lawyer was doing when yours was talking to the press about how you were vindicated last week? STRATEGIZING
Anyways, enjoy your tweeting. The rest of us look forward to them with bated breath
Is staff afraid to tell you that @BarackObama has almost 3 times more twitter followers than you? Sad. (not all your followers are fans)
Millions of them aren't even humans.
*red alert* caught me.
I think, most people in their right mind, hate that you don't use your powerful social media to advance discourse and share profound ideas.
Of course, you would have to be capable of those things which you clearly are not.
4 some1 who carries his show's ratings w/ him in his pocket, u hav a crazy lack of understanding how much the media WANTS u 2 keep tweeting.
Every time he lashes out through his tweets it becomes headlines round the world.
Exactly. Not only are his tweets GOLD for ratings, but news media has an obligation to cover much of what he tweets (covfefe aside).
At the moment Australia ain't hearing much of Donald trump on main stream media in Australia except our PM mocking him. @realDonaldTrump
Yes and we all think its hilarious!!
100 million??!!
Where? 
Who?
Bots maybe but where is he getting that it's 'his Social Media'?
What the heck? 100 million what? Who? This is just insanity
I have a feeling there will be some major news dropping later today...just a wild guess based on Trump, Pence & Rosenstein's statement
Pence and Rosenstein are just eating the meatloaf right now - Donnie took them aside to lecture them about loyalty.
But I do sense a news drop on the horizon!
I think you're both right about a news drop today - it IS the new favorite Drop Day - Friday!!! I hope it's a good one 
I've got my little heart set on more than one drop, hopefully of the stand-up-and-cheer variety!
Ikr!! Me too!
We  President Trump
Never Stop Tweeting
You Beat MSM Every Time
And this is space is reserved for Obama
Ah, Obama.Never felt the need to lie about how many followers he has on social media.Or his inauguration.Or ties the Russia.Or voter fraud
Well, Obama never tweeted because he didn't want the people to know that he couldn't write without spelling errors!
Another third grade word Trump missed: honor. My tax dollars are paying for his auto-correct. Why won't he use it?
Well, it's good to know you are good for something besides anger in the room, Spell Checker! 
It's not anger, it's embarrassment.This man represents me&has neither the spelling,nor the history,nor the geography skills of an 8year old
...and Obama maintains a classy non-conspiracy filled twitter account.
And Obama makes sense,  and doesn't rant and rave like lunatic Trump. 

Obama is beginning to look better and better to me all the time
Hey Lorelei, what a lovely name.  Swiss Alps.  Any way, you better have your eyes examined. He looks to me like an old farth!
Ummmmm....FARTH?
THANK YOU
You know who loves when you use social media? The FBI.
Keep it up, genius.
Your staff, on the other hand, wish you'd shut the hell up.
Why would he stop when he triggers snowflakes such as yourself?
Just because you are unique, doesn't mean you are useful
Where is the 100 million? I see 32 million.... which is a lot... but it's not 100 million.
It's like his inauguration crowd.

u can appear to go around them - to urself - in a deluded way - u know millions of ur "followers" r bots - russian bots - #DONurDONE #RESIST
and most are disgruntled frustrated citizens like me who actually support your lifestyle by paying our taxes.
U assume Rosie doesn't pay taxes. That is so typical of a Conservative. Assuming anyone who disagrees is a leech, stealing your money.
what an absolute embarrassment you are.
Trump doesn't realize--or is in denial--that millions follow him to see what stupid things he'll tweet.
More than half of your twitter followers are fake. Just like your: 

Tan 
Hair color
Stamina
Parenting Skills
Ability to Lead
Presidency
And 60 percent or so of the fifty percent are following to laugh at his tweets.
You are the president.
He's a sock puppet.
I like sock puppets more than Trump.
Really? Twitter says 34.4 million. I guess the other 65.6 million are hanging out with the thousands you miscounted at your inaugural #LIAR
And you talk a load of rubbish Donald .. you love it
Your right! Keep tweeting!

Dude, the way you're running your presidency, you'd struggle to go around a traffic island.
100 million followers...and only 99 million of them are Russian bots.
Crying shame overseas trolls don't vote and his base doesn't tweet
Yes and it's been very effective for you. 
Like those times you tweeted about a travel ban and then the courts used those exact tweets to show the ban is illegal.
Actually Obama Courts cited his speeches.Just make fake tweets.
Obsessing a bit over @BarackObama? Quite understandable, we all miss him tremendously.
No doubt Obamasluts will miss their free abortions
You even lie when your number of followers are right there on your profile. Nowhere NEAR 100 million. #Liar #Sad #UnderInvestigation
I love when you use social media! I hope you tweet hourly! More!!! #MAGA
We only follow you to see what your crazy, narcissistic, world-destroying ego is up to now. "Keep your enemies closer," & YOU are the enemy!
Your follower count says 32 million... where are the other 68 million you are referring to?
DoYouThinkHeKNOWS SomeOfUs FollowHim ForLaffsGigglesNGrins ToRecoil InHorrorShockEmbarrassment ForOurCountry AHintofTheTRUTH APeekInHisHead?
Yes, very very good idea. Go around them! Keep tweeting. It will work out well for you!
Half or more are fake. But please keep tweeting. You do more damage than anyone could and reveal yr stupidity, childishness and cruelty
We love it because it allows us to watch the train wreck that is becoming your legacy.
Would now be a bad time to tell you @katyperry has 67.6 million more followers than you?  #murica
Blah, now he'll have to buy 68 million more fake followers!
Actually, we love it when you tweet. Especially when your tweets dig you deeper into the mire. BTW half your followers are bots.
It's not over 100 million people. It's 25 million people following you 3 times + millions of bots. Obama has way more followers still. Sad!
looks like he's lost a couple mill in the last hour, too LOL
If you only knew how much everyone in the media loves when you tweet!
Dude, you have less than 33 million followers, more than half of which are fake. Do you even understand numbers?

Trust me. Everyone loves when you tweet.  You make the craziest person look completely sane.
100 million followers? You're not @katyperry  #LoveKaty #DumpTrump
Please don't stop tweeting, @realDonaldTrump.
Our Happiness Realization Party also wants to emulate the president's way of fighting and realize the right policy.
And yet you still managed to lose the popular vote. #SAD #Loser #ImpeachTrump #TrumpObstructed @funder @maddow @Impeach_D_Trump @TeaPainUSA
Trump approval rating stuck near record low
You sound like a "rebellious" 13 yr old girl that's telling her friends she's gonna tweet even though shes grounded. You sad little old man
It's tough out there for a race-baiting real estate heir with autocratic dreams. Stay strong, sir!!!! We're with ya!
you have 32 million followers and half of them are fake.
Dude, where do you unearth your stats?
oh the irony!
#FakeNews
more that 1 media platform.
Who cares.
Over 50 million Russian bots comrade Trump
How come you don't have "100 million" likes of this tweet if you have such an enthusiastic 100 million followers @realDonaldTrump lolz lolz
President Trump speaks directly to me through Twitter. I don’t want, or need, second hand Fake News from CNN, MSNBC, or the NYT....
Half are fake. Most people can find the data. Those are facts
Will you take questions from the public here about your policies and actions? Every @potus is accountable to the people.
You're definitely double counting
Just because you say it, doesn't mean it is true. You know you are accountable, right?!
The Fake News Media but also your WH aides, your cabinet, your lawyers, your entire party and most of America
I'm not following because I'm a fan. This is just the quickest route to "What did Donald screw up today?"
Dems need win Living in stank Knew about Russian interference before election but didn't want to 2 interfere w Bernie under bus GREAT ETHICS
You tweet like a 16 year old girl, and talk about the Democrats like they are your ex boyfriend who you're still in love with...
KEEP GOING AROUND THEM, MR. President!!
We enjoy a good laugh...you r the laughing stock of the world!
From England  stayed up to watch ,Fantastic news for Karen Handel . ..
Please make your tweets more precise. Will cut down on the Fake News Media. Keep the good work up, Sir. May God go with you, sir.
Very inspiring advice indeed.
A great way to live your life.
Thought you were a president doing presidential stuff. Not a petulant power monger. The wealth of 100 million idiots equates to nothing.
Half of them are Russian bots, you idiot.
Social media is the only true way for President Trump to communicate with the American people. We don't care what the fake media has to say.
Obama has 90 million and he isn't even president.
#SethRichCoverUp leaked HRC emails and PODESTA #Pizzagate emails #SethRichCoverUp proved HRC VOTER FRAUD,stole Bernie nomination
Are you President or a Twitter troll?
We like that you tweet us in FOXNews then we can really get the truth and make a judgment on how we feel go Donald Trump
Thank you very much I support and love what our president Donald Trump has accomplished with all the walls and barriers the Democrats put up
Speaking from the heart FOXNews is the only way I can get fair balanced information please don't ever change love watching you guys
NEVER STOP TWEETING!  In all my years, I've never been connected to a President, it's Great!
FOX News: Please fire @Chriswallace now!  He has become the worst interviewer on TV.  Can't watch @FoxNews anymore.  Sad Day!!!
I voted for you but I think you are misjudging what the silent majority actually think. Less tweeting , more border wall!
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK! AMERICA FIRST!!
Trump
I only follow you for your delusional tweets !Your taking Crazy to a new level !Putin makes you look weak and tiny when you suck up to him!
Almost all of them are Russian bots! U're a phony! & the tweeting shows how phony & worried u are about upcoming #TrumpImpeachmentParty
http://www.ebay.com/itm/252986508143 … #fucktrump
Keep tweeting!!
dont you work ?
Sorry to break it to you but you've only got 33m followers and a lot of them do so for the comedic value 
You only have 32 million followers......?
So not only does @BarackObama have more twitter followers than you but his followers are real people
We also watch deer that jump out into our headlights and follow news about traffic accidents. It doesn't mean we approve of either.
@imowsme @kpraveen55 pata nhi kya bhonkta hai ye.. kch bhi likhna hai bas..
कुछ नही ये अमेरिका का राहुल गांधी है 
#pappuofamerica

Dude, you hate on people who don't agree with you. If you'd learn to take some damn criticisim, things might be a little better for you.
What's the point of going around the media to lie directly to the American people. SHAMEFUL!
Wow! You can't read or do math...you have supposedly 32m followers. Don't know where you got that 100m figure... it must have been a dream!
It's a good jobmedia are committing crimes with FAKE NEWS as propagandarists promoting illegal wars e.g. BBC FAKE Chemical Attack Syria
100 million people? Half your followers are fake accounts. You lie about ever damn thing.
How're you getting to this number?  I don't think you should attempt math publicly.
#WestBank #Trump @UN
You're still a global embarrassment. I can't wait for you to be forced out of MY White House.
I use Twitter to get to the truth from the senders words not the lying jealous libtraitors and sorosknights media. PRESIDENT Trump is GREAT.
Keep going
There is an app that shows over 50% of your followers are "fake profiles" I'm not surprised at all!
Amen Mr. President Trump we the people love that you tweet and talk with us please don't stop it ,it's what makes The difference
MSM hates everything you do that could possibly help America succeed! They want America to fail by all means necessary so you don't succeed
Mr. President, every POTUS used latest tech to connect w/Americans. FDR had Fireside Chats on Radio, Obama used YouTube! You're doing fine!
Some of us follow you just to watch the train wreck.
Wicked is the Media...... I mean Fake News.....
Go trump go!! Show them how great u are
Your REAL number of followers.
You are doing a great job!
Over 100 million? No, you aren't @katyperry.
I think you have yourself confused with Katy Perry. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
President Trump focus on Pueblo Co drugs massive gangs, shootings, and police shortage.  No jobs poor city. I would like to move back
You mean the bots who follow you? #Sad Delete your account you old fool.
32,000,000 to 90,000,000.  Katy Perry has more followers than you
Keep it up 
You, Mr. President, are insane.

You're not @katyperry she actually has 100mn followers..not you. I swear we need you impeached quick as possible. #ImpeachTrump #DumpTrump
You misread the article. Must have been fake news. @katyperry has 100m followers. Not you.
Bb
All hail the power of social media! Spot on President.
At least half of whom despise you
Tucker Carlson or Laura Ingraham would have your back. Real news, real conservatives. They would have your back! Keep up the good work
Like your dismal approval ratings, 50% of us are following you to watch you implode.  It is like watching an orange monkey fling poo.
Don't stop Twitter!
THey are worse than fake news they condone Violence!
People just follow you to get a good laugh your a joke
KEEP DOING EXACTLY WHAT YOU'RE DOING!!!
IT'S AWESOME!!! I'M LOVING EVERY MINUTE OF IT!!!
#maga #trumpismypresident
This is one thing the media and your own administration have in common.
One half of your followers are fake! #TrumpRussia
Shut up bad gay wrestler "orange crush" with your finishing move " suppression of the press". You are the single most unamerican president!
ARREST HILLARY/OBAMA ADMINISTRATION FOR #SethRichCoverUp AND MURDER!
. @realDonaldTrump sings like a bird everyday. That's how he proves how crazy he is. History will not be kind 2 the orange one. #HisLegacy
Happy Father's Day for being the Father of your children. Happy Father's Day for being the Father of our country u r doing a great job
And of course 41% of your Twitter followers are really Russian bots
I love it. Keep tweeting them to distraction.
make America  great  . We support  u.  We stand with  u.  God  bless  American
Oh you sad little man.  You keep telling yourself that.  #WorldsWorstPresident
One of these 100 million people will totally do what Johnny Depp was talking about,
Please continue to do so Mr. President.
The word FAKE has FOUR letters.
Foxes have Four legs.
Conclusion: Fox News = Fake News
Get the fake news to retweet me donald.
Keep tweeting Mr. President! Your twitter nation is with you.
Please reopen the investigation on Hillary Clinton there is so much more proof of her illegal wrong doings you have the power to.
I dontknow why they would hate it 100 million fake people lmao
Keep tweeting your mental thoughts...it makes a great record of your batshit behavior.
There is NO RUSSIAN STORY, but there is #SETHRICH MURDER by the DNC. Those cowards killed him bc he leaked HRC emails to wikileaks.
You do realize that many of us are following you just to document your downfall. No, you probably don't. #Narcissist #Impeach45 #FakeCIC
Yes you can! Keep up the great work! !!!
why is your ego so fragile? You can afford therapy can't you? Oh wait, there is no cure for malignant narcissism 
Most of the followers just want to see what stupid thing you will say next.
"...very powerful Social Media..."  How many of those actually support you?  (very few)  Do you hear an echo in your head?
Donald, after a few months, when are you going to start acting "presidential"? You are an old man! Let Barron be the kid!
The only thing fake is you and your corrupt family.
OANN always sings your praises - they deserve to be singled out for your praises, and allowed into Trump Tower programming - just sayin'.
Let's focus on being the president rather than going off of how many followers you have.. that's what a big boy would do!
I can't. Believe we have a president this insecure. How embarrassing! 
Sad!
You keep talking to us president Trump! God bless you! God Bless America!
You are pitiful.  Please just watch TV and eat.
Well done Trump you triggered the libtards again  
And a hella lotta #gop #trump "followers" are #fake -- #bots #botnets #trolls #trollfarms
It is we voters with whom they are angry, Mr President. Your tweets are for us. Keeps us sane in insane country. Thx to you and your family
100 million might follow you to keep an eye on you . It's not because they believe you or in you .
But your #NYPD doesn't like when citizens use social media to expose corrupt Armed pigs  #MAGA, huh  #Hypocrite 
NYPD threatened parking watchdog @placardabuse to stop tweeting about cop corruption: http://nypost.com/2017/06/23/nypd-threatened-me-to-stop-tweeting-parking-watchdog/ … #ACAB
Actually that's c100m peeps delighting in the fact that you screw-up worse than we do! #anylightrelief #cheerupmonday
You are a man child. Seriously. And it's not just the creepy, tiny hands and the temper tantrums...
Mr President, you have 32.5m follower and Katy Perry 100m?
Correction many of us as Americans hate that someone n ur position is easily provoked & led to reply on social media, shows lack of maturity
You may actually go down as the worst president in history. That will be your legacy. Congratulations on that outstanding accomplishment.
You're fake news lovers are the only ones who take those twts seriously The rest of us are laughing at you're stupidity
You have done a great job so far keep up the good work
P.S You can go around them, but the informed masses see straight through you.
People don't trust the MSM BS anymore..We're tired of CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS, and even some of the left wing people on Fox. And they got them.
Did you not see your Twitter audit. Half of your followers are fake accounts. And I'm sure most of th me others don't like you. Like me
Where did you get 100mil Delusional clown man?
....and exactly that mentality is what got you into this mess! Keep digging that hole for yourself. Great entertainment!
Get a grip on reality! You wanted to be President, yet are illustrating no skills beyond blaming everyone else for your constant failures.
Your tweets allowing you to go around the fake MSM is what let you win this election. We love seeing your tweets - keep it up!! 
Mr President sir, you an inspiration to this world! Through perseverance self belief and tenacity you have succeeded to the highest level 
I swear these lunatic liberals need to get a new hobby.
Bonehead
The MEDIA IS WICKED and its followers who go against our own President
You are delusional.  #resign
You Rock Trump!
