Tipos asi llegan a la presidencia por culpa de los politicos corruptos cuando queremos probar otra opcion
Excellent Speech. 
What a total load of bullshit.  We cannot murder a country because you were called an old man, which you are, and fat and stupid #ImpeachTrump #FakePresident
The sixteen women that you sexually assaulted will not go unchecked!!!!
WWwwwwww
O wow! What a peacefull message! An example for humanity that US is a superior culture and even more comming from a great & smart "negociator"... Congrats Mr President. World can sleep well from now on...
McGurk is making the President look weak after his tough speech on Iran.  The buck stops w/ POTUS for sure but he's getting really bad info
What are you waiting for, they are just getting better every day. Why not just stop #NOKO. NOW.
I love it when it's so stupid but I love it
Remember when the POTUS didn’t threaten to murder 25 million people because he felt insulted?

Good times.
Free
The flag emoji is gonna be forced to defend itself?  What is it, like an emoji Hunger Games?
Your going to get us all killed.
Destroy was the rite word
cool
神の声だ

#PersianGulf
Better pray that North Korea don't blow this racist country up first

1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Threatening violence violates Twitter terms this account should be suspended. All should report this tweet
The time at hand is not invoked, it's adhered with a single purpose...there are lives at stake & all are important. Yes Sir
Yeah right, and be tried for crimes against humanity.Pls,"get real ,"as dr Phil would say!
In S.Korea, More half of the national population, the patriotic ppls never call & treat Mr. MUN as "PRESIDENT" bcz. He evaluated pro-N.K GUY
#WorstPresidentEver
....
Trump threatening to kill more people than Stalin or Hitler.
You shud  think the changing the gun Control or part of it.
This rhetoric is NOT helping the situation!! You know nothing of diplomacy (or much else either)! You're as dangerous as Kim Jong Un! 
Your tan is just as fake as your news!
Ok
Thank you mr president for being the defender of our great flag
He's wrong ,We don't want a War please 

bravo.Thats t way 2 treat Rocket Man.He's a rogue & don't treat him as leader.Get special ops 2 snatch & put him in G.bay.
With remarkable prescience my family always used the word 'trump' in lieu of the more often used word for the bottom burp 'fart'.
She needs to sing at the WH
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1670338206312222&id=100000081750447 …
Hundreds of thousands died to preserve our country and its heritage. Disrespect is despicable. Don't endorse them in any way.
These wars are complete propaganda b.s.  Why don't you and the rest of the politicians + their kids go out and fight? It's all $
Jacob Wohl is really Donald Trump. I have told everyone he's DELUSIONAL!!
His ding dong uses the term "Rocket Man" in a very serious speech, because HE CANNOT REMEMBER his name. #EARLYONSETALZHEIMERS!  JRK - 2020
super power!
Thank you for supporting #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018 #Navalny2018
President Trump: Please make a worldwide address to the people of North  Korea. Now is the time to save yourselves. Overthrow your leaders.
“A coward is much more exposed to quarrels than a man of spirit.”
— Thomas Jefferson
Dear President Trump,
The Ala election results is our attempt to help you drain the swamp. You will be happy without the establishment guy
Twitter fingers
Send all the protesters from NFL over there
This guy is declining war and #NoKo will not let it slide.
Insanity. Impeach.
President Trump you do what you know is the right thing to do. Don't listen to the small percentage that isn't with you. Put America back up
Grow up name calling is childish how about six criminals private emails on official business
better than any other option
"Totally destroy" as in kill millions of people? Most of whom have done nothing to the US/ its allies? That, sir, is mass murder/terrorism.
OK,  so pull the trigger already... Blah blah blah...
We have to have great strength and ultilate patience to put up with your hateful and threatening manner that enrages the world around us.
Amenn! Mr President
Keep this in mind when you are impeached
and this quote will be remembered for centuries as the clarion call to war by the biggest dick in the 21st century (you, i mean you)
We need to DESTROY your Big MOUTH 
I think power can go a little too far especially that "NFL offense" thing you did. Or so in told
Um this IS a declaration of war. Now you have your press secretary back out of it. Sad! Don't lose innocent lives to distract us #Russia
...be simpler if you just resigned...
Quicker too...
Radiation burns are nasty - or so I've been told...
@realDonaldTrump  dude stop fucking with those people you are going to get us all obliterated!!!!

This man needs to be removed right now he is a psychopathic moron. America you WILL be held responsible for anything he does
Hahaha as if... “hopefully it will not be nessesary...” yeah right I can see him struggling not to laugh whilst sayin “rocket man” 
I think this Jacob guy wants a job in the WH.
Nuke em

I'm curious how you hope to achieve that with China's army just across the border?  #DotardTrump
Amen!
Hey Jacob, so are you in support of going to War? If so, then join the ranks of our U.S. Military Armed Forces and lead the way with Trump
If we go to War, I hope you lead the way!!
.@GOP, IF or WHEN this maniac TRUMP  DOES OR CAUSES something TERRIBLE in our country or this world, IT IS ON YOU.  COMPLETELY.
Totally destroy an entire country? You should stick to your script! Words like these exacerbate problems
Hi All~

Has a North Korean ever done you wrong?  Well, I have Never been..It is really this Simple.
Always Love..Always Peace. 
#EDW4Peace
Trump should learn how to keep his mouth shut, so the world can be at peace
Take leadership out, ICBMs out, leave the people to rise and reform
If you plan to make MAGA, you will need to train youngsters how to WORK.  Build factories and reduce product expense to the public.
did you notice all the nations that bailed on your speech. You are not respected at home or abroad. #impeach45
He really said rocket man in a speech. Picture a bloodhound with has paws and ears covering his head and eyes. That's me.
Dont make fool your inocent peoples you gool
Thank you! Mr. President!
First North Korea, then Iran followed by the tackling of 2nd Amendment infringements such as Title 18, United States Code, Section 922(g)(9)
What the hell is wrong with your face 
Thank God for someone who is strong! Trump Strong!

I was actually sick over the speech that you gave to the U.N.  You offen
You offended many of our friends & showed the world that we have a madman governing the  U.S.
Sure...start a war like we all know u r  waiting for.
U.S. has a lot of patience to put up with you Dotard
Would you really want to destroy this?
Dear Mr President please stop the twitter wars you are scaring people and it does not give us faith in your leadership #keepAmericaSafe
idiot
In VietNam war LBJ told North those airmen are your POWs. Trying them as war criminals will lead to the ANNIHILATION of the N Vietnam people
Evils have a wheel that drives them;if one evil comes and does not stumble because no one forbids it another will come after it.So forbid it
Unite the Korean Peninsula.
Better to DESTROY NOKO NOW than be judged by history as The President who Failed to act at the most important time!
You have my full support! Here is to making America great again! Thank you potus for stepping up against all forms of terrorism.
Do you not care about all the innocent lives that would be lost by destroying North Korea.  Or the very real fact that China won't allow it.
This tweet has been reported as a violation of Twitter TOS
Hateful Conduct Policy #TrumpHatefulConduct
Trump's threat to destroy North Korea are a violation of Twitter's Hateful Conduct Policy #TrumpHatefulConduct
THE U.N. SPEECH WAS DUMP AND WORLD LEADERS ARE SAYING YOU ARE A NUT JOB.. KIM JUN UN NAMED YOU WELL, DOTARD...LOL
Are U serious? 
Did you miss air raid practice in grade school?  What da f.
It's not patience when you threaten nuclear war in an entire people just cos you think  it makes you look strong
Less nights worrying about my 2 year olds life..this shit is scary
Hopefully you do this as a scare tactic but your tactics suckk this is not the way.. Get it together before were all dead ..tired of sleep
Let's bomb these North Korean Bastards and get it over with!!!!
We finally got a president that's going to get Shit done!!
Look at those small hands...big ego small mind  small hands ...what an embarrassment

I pray every day For NOKO to come to their senses!
If you bully a bully, he will bully back!
What a bunch of idiots and anti americans here. they prefer north ko destroy us that support our president. POTUS do what is necessary.
Ok Weenis
I stand with our President 
It takes all the strength and patience that we can muster to resist your blatantly narcissistic, immature, incompetence...
He should be on the front line, since his punk ass didn't go to Nam
Enough of the useless destructive bluster. Try thinking before putting your childlike fingers on the keys and tweeting. Novel concept. Sad.
The president of US should not threaten to destroy I country in a tweet. What's wrong with you?
The scary thing is that he believes this. I wonder what kind of bubble he lives in to think  people support a demented, evil thief.
Just as America the Grest will have to defend it's self by impeaching you and forcing your illegal, unethical administration out.
YOU ARE SUCH A FOOL!!!


Your really Mental
YOu need to be removed from office NOW. You're the GREATEST danger the worl has ever seen.  #ImpeachTrump
Have you lost your funky mind? My 21 yo didn't join the Army to serve our country so you could spout reckless threats & send her to war!
What an irresponsible thing to say. I wonder if you or your kids will be among those you send off to war. Doubt it.
may GOD help us, you sir are unfit for the office you hold. It's always better to avoid nuclear war not to press for it.
you are effing crazy
Wiping a nation off the map just to get to the one nut bag in charge may not be a precedent you want to set.... just sayin....
Who came to lunch the other day nibia or namibia #waffle #laughingstock #puppet
Talk is cheap
What is wrong with you??
Heard your comments on McCain You are being played unfortunately.I just smell a rat here.McCain is the fall guy, because he is dying.Verysad
You're nota leader, tweeting such bullshit is not something a leader does. Please stop pissing NK off, get off Twitter, resign
What 'allies'? The rest of the world is laughing at you.
Bullshit, you have choice, but if u leaving Iran contract, nobody will trust you, why kim should make a contract?
@POTUS keep up the great work.get rid of rocked man for good.
Idiot.
Trump makes real action to the madman.
Is it just me or is he looking more like an Oompa Loompa every day?
Blow hard ... blow
Hey, I'm Kim of NoKo
I like that
Stand strong Mr President
Thank you for defending he United States and all of usa
http://www.instagram.com/p/BVbR15PAkxP/?taken-by=officialrezapahlavi …
Violation of Geneva Convention?
I agree wholeheartedly!
#بگونه: روز پنجشنبه ۳۰شهریورماه ۹۶،کارگران شرکت آلومینیم سازی ایران با کارگران آذرآب و هپکو اراک اعلام همبستگی کردند
Every person who voted for Trump gave him the power to push the button to nuke us all.He has made the world see us as greedy arrogant people
تجمع اعتراضی مالباختگان کاسپین در تهران با شعار: حسین حسین شعارشون دزدی افتخارشون
- پنج شنبه شب، سی ام شهریو
http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.137724019603986.17589.132033426839712 …
Are you asking Americans to accept death by suicide for the sake of pushing the Nuclear button?It really is that important?
Genocide...just what Jesus preached.  :D  #Dotard
8 years of Obama's presidency helped Mullahs to stay in power kill thousands Iranians loot the country. #Rezapahlavi 4 Secularism&Democracy


http://www.klm.com/travel/ca_en/apps/ebt/calendar.htm?application=EBT7&country=CA&language=en&barsEnabled=true&fixedDatesOnly=false&canModify=ORIGIN%2CDESTINATION%2CTRAVELDATES%2CPAX%2CCABINCLASS%2CURL&trip=DCA:A …>IKA:A-IKA:A>DCA:A&numberOfAdults=1&numberOfYoungAdults=&numberOfChildren=&numberOfInfants=&cabinClass=ECONOMY&outbo

You still not hard enough. I know you can do better

#iran #pars #fars #pasargad #pasargod #pers #persia #persian #iranian #7aban #shiraz #RezaPahlavi
