That's because elected #Democrats are #Marx disciples, and their voters are the useful idiots. In short, they're traitors.
That sounds so radical... to think that Dems are Marxist? Jesus H Christ.
Nothing radical about it. Their agenda matches the Communist Manifesto perfectly
Communism was rooted in equality. Wasnt the best example of it. But look at the time period. Dems are not Marxist, not like that...
Communism never works. Never has, never will.  #Democrats are #Marxists. Read the stated #Communist goals from the 1963 hearings, you'll see
You do realize there a more than one Democrats.  Not every Democrat is a "Marxist". We are humans like everyone else. We want peace thats it
And you are lying. Democrats do not want peace.  If they wanted peace, they would not be importing terrorists, and support open borders
What and putting a xenophobic stamp on America is the best way? XD we have something called diplomacy and political figures.
Can you provide any proof to support this claim?

Democrats wants the illegal votes .
Illegal Alien or not, people support those who promote freedom (of speech), healthcare 4all, affordable housing, and basic human needs.
Time to ignore obstructionist Dems and  for Republicans to take back their power and voices! No longer matters what Dems say or want.#IGNORE
Obstructionist? Democrats want freedom for all, not just for America. The only obstruction here is your overinflated ego.
Actually, The biggest illegals are those inside our borders... aka @POTUS @WhiteHouse @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #RepubliCons

and make #Mexico pay for it The have flushed their toilet on us long enough. They are incapable of protest
You know what else they are incapable of doing; not going to war with the US, not speaking out, not climbing the wall, not tearing it down.
Let's face it the Democrats needs the illegals to vote to win elections.  They failed in the President's election!
Illegal "Aliens" just want to live. We gave them that. Most of them have issues, yes. But others do have jobs, and help build the economy
I think they just don't want to bankrupt the US to build trumps folly
We have negative immigration, learn your facts
Dem's use to love to blow thru cash like a drunk sailor on a Saturday Night. Now suddenly, their 'Fiscally Responsible'  . Wait, What??
NO ONE wants terrorists in the country, but we oppose your BIGOTRY.  Do something about the criminals  in YOUR house.
You are simply DELUSIONAL
Ignore the trolls who can only spew oral garbage
But that just isn't happening, is it?
Hypocrites! They want these low life's to vote for them! Dems are tearing our Country apart! They sld d ashamed of themselves! No conscious!
until every homeless person has a wall, I say stop the border wall!!
Yea, like Wells Fargo, sign em up to be Demo-rats. Ignorant Illegals no nothing about US politics. Dems promise em Welfare/foodstamps etc
All these tweets in a row must mean @FBI is closing in
You are a liar
You don't get it.  No one wants your stupid wall.  You pay for it yourself rich guy if you want it so much.
LIAR.. LIAR... LIAR! !  Shut up already!!!
WTF
WRONG.  FAKE.  BIGGEST LIAR.  BIGGEST LOSER.  STOP TWEETING BS
Looks like someone's having a bad day.
FACT CHECK: Obama deported more illegals then any president in history. 

#RESISTANCE
"Hold my beer" -trump
Not releasing the information on Michael Flynn may be your downfall...getting scared? Better go hit the bottle, I mean the golf ball!
Flip flop behavior is the norm now? What a waste of life energy- just like some federal employees that work as little as they possibly can.
Wow! You really know how to bring people together.
You are delusional.
You're a disaster. Your evil agenda will be resisted
Poor Donnys having a bad day 
Thank you Mr. President! I wanted you to see some positive feedback here. Keep up the good work Sir!
Shut it down!!!!
Bragging that the immigration count is down THEN WHY DO WE NEED THE WALL? YOU WOULD RATHER TAKE FROM THE ELDERLY N EDUCATION BAD PRESIDENT!
Look Cupcake, I know one of the voices in your head are telling you that this makes sense, but it makes zero sense for a few reasons:
1. You claim that illegal border crossings are down 70%, so why do we need a wall? Hint: We don't.
2. You seem to believe that the border is the problem? Hint: It isn't!

The vast majority of undocumented workers are people who overstay.
3. Again, the vast majority of people who overstay get here on things called Aeroplanes.
4. Even IF they did come from Mexico, they aren't stupid! They will just group their cash together and buy a ladder. Cunning right?
5. If you have an urge to waste money -Hint: This is wasting money- resist that urge and spend it on education, healthcare or water sports 
You're dumb move to Arizona if you want to see the problem, illegal immigration costed the us 100bil last year and you're okay with that lol
How did it cost us? Show me facts, verifiable facts. Even the GOP doesn't think it cost us.

Hmmmm ... does anyone else think that The Donald took the wrong pill this morning?
No, I think he's doing everything he can to do something good for you!!!!
MORE DISTRACTION from your RUSSIA scandal. LOCK HIM UP.
There is no Russian connection. Time to find a new meme.
Check again. Hillary sold american uranium to russia and the money went to her foundation not americans. Sounds pretty corrupt to me..
Irrelevant but u guys can't help attacking her and President Obama bc u have nothing so I'll bite: what's your source for this allegation?
Or, if you have fully open borders, they're not illegal. A better way to fix the "illegals" problem!
And destroy our country?
The country that is made nearly entirely of people who were themselves immigrants or whose families were?
It wasn't an open border then either. Open a book.
Please point to where I said it was. I'll wait.
But you want it to be now and you cite history to get your point across.
1) this country isn't some god given thing to us, we stole it
Where was this ever said. Stop crying and jumping up and down. Ur realizing your conservative social echo chamber doesn't MAKE DEMS change.
Should make them ashamed though! They are an embarrassment out rioting and punching people who don't believe like they do! Real mature bunch
Whose out rioting? Are you talking about stuff for one month or three ago? Stop living in the past, try the present for once
Me living in the past lmao! The Dems are living in the past! Obamas and Clintons are gone it's Trumps turn now win or lose!
Except the only one bringing those names up is you. And old riots. But don't forget, rioters are snowflakes and wimpy whiners! 
Oh no 
I wonder how many legal immigrants who make your dinners wipe your bread under their armpits before serving it to you on a pristinely white china plate. 
Okay. 
We see what's happening now.
The news about Michael Flynn just dropped.
He's going down, and you are, too.
#ThursdayThoughts
It's time to #25a your crazy ass.
#ThursdayThoughts
#ImpeachmentMarch 
#FreedomMarch
#MarchForTruth
Nice try.
But we all know the news about Mike Flynn now.
We know you are covering for him.
And you're going down.
#TrumpRussia
Time to get moving on the impeachment process.
You and Mike Flynn colluded with Russia.
#ThursdayThoughts https://www.crowdpac.com/campaigns/225084/resist-global-tyranny-by-supporting-the-freedom-march-on-washington-d-c …
Can't wait for your impeachment!
It can NOT come soon enough.
#ImpeachmentMarch
#ThursdayThoughts
#ImpeachTrumpBCIDontLikeHim
What if they are fashion models?
If they're not from Eastern Europe, keep them out!
You don't even listen to them, so you're not qualified to comment on what they're thinking. Put your goddamn phone down and do some real work. Flint still needs water. Work on that.
When you get caught in a lie about paying off a porn star, and when you find out your personal lawyer’s office has been bugged for months (legally) by the FBI, go after immigrants.
If I were you I would start looking up country's without an extradition treaty with the U.S.
Republicans used to support small government.
Republicans used to not vote for people who cheat on their third wives with porn stars and playmates
I’m pretty sure that’s not true.
Sir, when you say "pour" do you mean trickle through? We want efficient border security, not an inefficient glory wall. Maybe you grew up with a silver spoon, but the rest of us don't fling billions around like that.
And you only want them to mow your lawn and pick you food. #fuckingmoron #fakechristian
Which Democrats? Name them. I dare you. The Democrats I know don't want "illegals" to pour through the border. You're so full of shit, I don't know how you're still breathing.
Not true. YOU LIE
You claim to support American workers, yet foreign workers pour into your properties.
It's "Democrats use to..." In any case, they didn't have to pay $25M for a fradulent University, did they Crooked President?

If you believe immigrants are the source of your problems then you're racist.
No
Just ones that open scam colleges and make dumb red ties
Another lie.  Just resign and leave the public eye!
It's been proven that people who voted for Trump are racist. I DON'T  associate w RACISTS. I #RESIST. And I ALWAYS WILL.
Go ahead and build it they will just keep tunneling under as they do now
No they don't, they just want saner immigration policies & better tech to monitor the border as do the Republicans voting against your wall…
I really have no idea who would be foolish enough to believe your ramblings. Republicans have a majority in the House AND Senate.
If you REALLY want to build a wall, you should start a GoFundMe & let your supporters pay for it… & one for ur vacations while you're at it.
Obama deported more people than every previous president combined. You'd never admit that tho… goes against your narrative.
Also, I can't emphasize this enough… REPUBLICANS have a MAJORITY in BOTH the House & the Senate. This is 100% your problem, Mr. Dealmaker.

I could be wrong about this, but I think Trump is the 1st lame duck President to control all houses of government.
You are wrong.
Who was the first then
So many tweets today. Not much going on at the White House? Golf course not open? 
Do you take a break from work or are you a workaholic.
As long as you're building a wall can you build one for Canada as well to keep your rejects from infecting our fine land?
I dont do fatties
They just want the opposite of what you want. Hang in there we support you. Make America great!!!
Private donors can fund wall. I'll contribute. Screw Congress. Your supporters and TrueAmericans can get this done.
Yes they do
thats because most vote for Democrats
I hope you get reincarnated as a Sudanese woman.
Dems to work with you. We do not need more illegals. Build the Wall

Affordable Care Act has never been more popular — and it’s more popular than the current president,” 

http://www.politicususa.com/2017/04/28/obama-drive-trump-insane-send-completely-edge.html …
Of course they do. They also want ice cream to be laced with cyanide and for puppies to be culled to below 1,800. See I can lie too.
fearmongering will always do the trick, right? SAD!
You have no idea what you are talking about.  No one GOP or dem wants illegals to pour through our borders!
speak about undocumented people as though they were people and perhaps you might start treating them differently
Texas education is completely overwhelmed w/illegals -Dallas has PUBLIC schools that only speak Spanish !
No we don't. Try to actually be a president and Stop doing everything possible to divide us even more. You spoiled little child.
Time to clean house!!
Starting with the dump in the white house
Not exactly sure that is what they are going for, Mr. Exageration.
They want whatever is against you @POTUS ! We stand behind you !
Bullshit.
TO VOTE ILLEGALLY
Why don't you pay for the wall, you have so much money, that's what you claimed all through the election, so pay for it yourself.
They support reasonable security not a ridiculous wall
You have no clue about anything going on in this country
If you say it enough, you think it will be true.  It's not true.
#SpeakerRyan has the vote key. Obamacare is not coming up for vote. We won't know who is for Obamacare
illegals do not work 3 months of the year for the government like the rest of us taxpayers, but they enjoy the benefits that we pay for
Don't be distracted. #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #IndependentCommission #SelectCommittee #SpecialProsecutor NOW
Provide some actual proof it just shut up
Look at the facts. The number of illegals is decreasing. And your Trump Monument to Yourself (Wall) just won't work.
Clueless about dangers we face, and they want the votes!
Always twisting words.
How can the Democrats be so stupid and two faced?
Voters
More fake new from #TRUMP - ask a #democrate for the real truth
Voters, not illegals POTUS, Voters!  Build That Wall!  The Wall is what got my vote & millions of others!  Build That Wall!
If they want in bad enough to risk their lives and/or freedom- why not let them become a part of our "great" country?
B.S.
Bullshit.
That's because the Americans that understand the democrat wont vote for them. They are the worst crooks ever to have any power. God help us.
Once again you have no idea what you are doing or talking about.
No we just think a giant wall is a stupid idea
Illegals are Mainly a result of overstaying their visa. Please ask for accurate information. You are so ill-informed. #TheResistance
Please resign. #trumpresignation
Build the Wall
No. We don't want a fucking wall. This is not West/East Berlin. Find a better way. A hole.
We don't believe in illegals coming in, we believe in human beings coming in. Get it right, poppa squat.
This is completely false & makes all sorts of wrong implications.
What a bully.
u sound like a child when you tweet
Why are you complaining about the border when you have so many illegals coming into your admin from Russia? Looking the otherway is no good!
You said at the nra today the #s.which are down "tremendously "since you took office,why do we need a wall?
That's right you want the "bigglyest"presidental monument in the USA of you.
So they can build Dem voter base & systematically create a Socialist US, w/govt control cradle2grave. They DONT GET IT. Can't let it happen
Exactly right democrats are ruining the country
LOL WHO ELS IS GONA DO UR FARMING
What medication are you taking?
Wall saves perhaps 500  "humans" per year or 5,000 in 10 years.
Cost  $5 billion range. ONE life saved about $1 million, JUSTIFYING  WALL
Hahahahahaha!  The smoke you're blowing to distract from your REAL  issues isn't working on the ones who DID NOT vote for you.
Sir I live in the great nation of Texas and would like to volunteer to help start construction on the wall.
Shut up about Democrats already. You have the house, Senate and whitehouse. SAD!!!
No, they just don't want to build a useless wall and waste money that could help people in need; vets, PP, homeless, kids in school, etc.
How can we prevent this there has to be plan "b"
Must secure our borders. Since Trump took office, we do not hear much about police being targeted and police officer deaths. We need this.
Your "police officers" are overly-equipped, unchecked, and either racist, bigots, or sexual harassers. They died because we were sick of it.
Watch out for those bad hombres Never know what they will do to our country Like getting educated, labor force & living the American Dream
Jesus illegal border crossings are down. Fake tweet
I disagree.
this stupid idea is between you and Mexico. Don't talk to dems, not on them. This fail is all you.
No they just don't want to pay for it. Remember you said Mexico would
they will never support anything you propose including measures to protect them their biggest enemy is themselves
I am more worried about invaders from mars than the people crossing our birders--that is how idiotic your argument is.
Well the GOP doesn't seem real keen on funding it either considering the current state of the government funds.
yes sir.  it's what we all dream of
Put a period after "security" and start a new sentence with "now."
Anything to create more undocumented democrats, especially since they lost the elections.l
Why don't you turn off your phony tweet attacks on the other parties and pretend to be a good person getting things done for a bit?
Also, stop calling illegal immigrant just "illegals." It's dehumanizing. I know you don't have a problem with that, but try to be nice?
No they don't. Just happen to be more complex than you want it to be.
They support whatever serves there own in tress at the time, not what best for America.
Who else would vote for them if they didn't.
YOU hired Flynn. Yates told you he was compromised and lying. YOU waited. Why? Stop the distractions. It isn't working. #SoCalledPresident
The illegals are scabs taking jobs from our unskilled workers.
Let's start a Twitter campaign @POTUS  Mr. President, veto the CRomnibus spending bill.  Not what we voted for!
no but the stupidity of wasting OUR money on a useless fucking wall, is sheer trump idiocy
Wrong
Another lie. I'm losing count.
Bullshit.  They still support border security, they just don't think we need another damn wall.  Key word...another.
Trump brand is Loser brand #100daysofshame #LyingAss #ResistTrump #Failure
if no boarder being worried about drug OD deaths R a JOKE!
I would like you to please cite sources for all your tweets. Thank you.
Your first 100 days biggest success -most tweets by a POTUS. You must be proud. #embarrassment #fakepresident #releaseyourtaxes #comradpotus
More votes for them of course...
Asinine post by an asinine president that never has anything good to say about anyone that dislikes him.  Egocentric loser president!
please stop being narrow minded, you live on a planet, not a piece of land floating in space.
and not doing anything about the dreamers will make this worse. and we need for you and our state do something about illegals here now
STOP DEFENDING RYAN...HE wants you to FAIL along with OTHER RINO Establishment Swamp Scum!
That's because they see illegals as voters
#BuildtheWall PLEASE!
WHO?
Fake, wrong, bad. You understand these words right? Liar in Chief!
Maybe if you STOP TWEETING and LISTENED to what the MAJORITY of America wants you would get more accomplished than you'd be liked more!!!
Oh and just by the way NO HUMAN BEING IS ILLEGAL!
Paul Ryan Expands H-2B Blue-Collar Outsourcing Program for 2017. All low wage earners.
