Disrespect is getting five false deferments for "bone spurs", rigging an election, destroying our country.
Any American that disrespects America disrespects themselves!
@NFL
 Dear Athletes WAKE 
   YOU NEED PATRIOT CLASS
 Show reasons why America is great  
Show the TROOPS sacrifice & Freedom NOT FREE 
But what about Puerto Rico? Concentrate man!
F U
#TakeaKnee
Tell them to stand... up against inequality and discrimination that your white house is encouraging. Freedom of speech bro.
You know #PuertoRico is in dire need of assistance, and you have not yet offered even a word of comfort or support. Oh! no trump hotel there
Did you know that Puerto Rican political officials took a hundred and eleven million dollars worth of bonuses for Christmas from the United States that was supposed to go to aiding the recovery of their Island? If not read a book
Oh you poor dear. #NoTrollsAllowed #NotSoStableGenius
Arpaio is a great American? there are good white supremacists? What the hell is wrong with you? Sit down and study the constitution fool!
Hey asshole nazi sympathizer. The players #takingaknee today aren’t protesting the country. They’re protesting YOU, the #LiarinChief.
The oppressor still trying to control the oppressed..... #takeaknee
@madharts preach! @SUZAN916 @gothlolisamurai
Amen!



NO ONE believes anything you say,Goodell cant stand you,he just pretends,same as others in NFL,your toxic,your insane,& no one likes you
Why do we even have a national anthem before a sports game anyway? It's fucking sports. US teams vs US teams. What's the point?
You should've stuck to bankrupting casinos instead of morally bankrupting the country.
You don't even salute the flag or put your hand on your heart so why are you tripping and who cares
Hey Don... Get someone to read the 3rd verse of the anthem to you and then explain why any black person should have EVER stood up for this.
If they can't respect our flag, country and President then make them go somewhere else.
When this backfires spectacularly your going to look reeeeeal stupid-er.
People protest wrongful death and that this country fails to even acknowledge the problem. You attacked them. You've proved them right.
Treason sir. Treason is bad. Dissent is American. If you studied the country you represent you'd know that but alas Dotardary reigns.
Take your small hand... make a fist... and then stuff it in your loud ass annoying mouth. Stop talking. Stop tweeting. You need serious help
Honest dissent shows respect for our country. Too bad you'd rather try to "run" a dictatorship. Goodell can't be bullied.
Roger Goodell cannot control the disrespect of those players he's in it for the money he will I don't care. Disgraceful! #BoycottNFL
And then there's NO Korea... stick to the important issues
That's why democrats give transgender all special privileges bc that's what they will become. After it's said and done
Why don't you start standing up to Russia#takeaknee
Hey Trump, the one being disrespectful is YOU as YOU violate the US Constitution! #TrumpResign You're a FAILURE #TrumpRussia is real!
Dotard
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT #TakeAKneeNFL
yea I mean I don't know why these NFL players want to make a political statement every time. They should do their job and
play the game. That's what they are paid to do but I guess it's a sign of the times that these sports players have become
like politicians. They need to buck their ideas together and get on with what the fans pay them for.....
This has been around forever, Muhammad Ali, Tommy Smith and John Carlos all used their platforms as prominent athletes to stand for justice
Don't forget Jackie Robinson, an athlete who had very good reasons for saying he was unable to sing the national anthem.
Yes well he was the first african American to play in the Major League but that was a different era
How quickly we forget the lessons of history! Isn't that part of the point of today's protests? . . .
I agree but those times African Americans were either in slavery or coming out of slavery . These
We have the right to speak out or take a knee.  Were AMERICANS not (russians) dont tread on us trump!!!

No.
#TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee #TakeTheKnee
Our country is being disrespected by a President who regularly attacks the #1A and citizens/actions protected by it.
You are a disgusting Piece of trash. I am a veteran Scum like you should be jailed.`
Sounds like you would prefer North Korea over our country & democray.  We don't jail people for practicing their constitutional rights.
I love Trump I hate Goodell
And yet you are tweeting  about it like a spoiled child who doesn't get their way, INSTEAD of focusing your energies to help PR.
We did help Puerto Rico and then their government gave out $111,000,000 worth of Christmas bonuses to their politicians with the money that should have been repairing their Island... and that's the truth but liberals hate the truth...only care about their feelings LOL
- Stand up and be counted as an American. Kneel and be seen as a misguided trader.
traitor*
Have you even read the 3d verse of the "Star Spangled Banner" (natl anthem).
Says the non-vet.... Stand for what? The countless innocent lives you and your predecessors have ended with the endless wars and bombing campaigns. Nothing but more lies from the government.

Patriotism is the act of disturbing and disrupting the government. #MADA
Florida Cat. 4 hurricane, Texas Cat. 4 hurricane. PUERTO RICO Cat 3 hurricane. You have 13 tweets about taking a knee. Come On! Perspective
How about a tweet about the 111 million dollars worth of Puerto Rican government official bonuses they gave for Christmas this year their island must be doing really well if they can afford that much in bonuses for their Democrats / thieves but I'm sure that's Trump's fault
USA was founded on freedom of expression,which NFL players were exercising.Forcing them to stand is AGAINST America’s principles. #TakeAKnee
Disrespecting the military is against America's principles as well but I guess you don't care about that... If they're not disrespecting the flag and by proxy the military that defended it then they should protest a different way... like in front of a police station instead
You have disrespected the flag as well by not putting your right hand over your heart, this happened a few times.
So did Obama did you call him out because I don't think I ever saw him once with his hand over his fucking heart but nobody has a problem with that because he's black and a liberal so it's okay to disrespect the country
And yet America elected you for president. is America's fault, but knee thing America have is that they put you in and We can take you out!
Good luck you tried last time it didn't work out for you very well did it #Trump2020 #sadliberals
WHAT ABOUT PUERTO RICOTHE /Patriot/Race War/ POLITICAL DEFLECTING VIAIS NOT WORKING. ?? & HOUSTON?? & FLORIDA?? Waiting...
Puerto Rico must be fine since they gave their (Democrat) government officials a hundred and eleven MILLION dollars worth of Christmas bonuses I guess they didn't need to use that for their Island so they must be all better... guess you should move on
Kneeling has nothing to do with respect 4 the country.It has to do w/awareness of injustice to minorities.U wouldn't know since u love Nazis
The flag has everything to do with the country and the people who defended it including myself and if you don't know that then you're really fucking stupid
Who r u to tell them what to do.
#yourPresident #MyPresident #AmericasPresident ... enough said
Our founders; the people on our money; those w/national holidays named after, rose up in protest against injustice
So just because they have a holiday or a statue they should be respected? I bet you don't feel that way about all the Confederate statues so now you're just a hypocrite
You are a tiny handed, little man with no honor. You behavior is childish and silly. You need to grow up.
It's their right to kneel .wars were fought to protect our freedoms .stop trying to take them away .
He's a pompas a.. never forgot what he did to Brady
Case in point being Hall New Mexico State University wasted 4.2 million dollars of money better used for academic programs, on ATHLETICS.
Puerto Ricans, Americans also, need food & water. Disrespect is you ignoring Americans in need to tweet about players who kneel.
Shut Up Liberal.
Good to see u are fired up about something important.   Nazi's marching in U.S., not so much.
Nope.
don't you have anything better to do?how about calling more leaders names?
Players exercise 1st amendment rights! Disrespect you racist nazi!
Civil protest shows respect for country!
Why don't you take care of your business... the country or even Puerto Rico. Sad! Lock you up.
Go tweet yourself into hell, sir!
America will make its voice heard through the echo of the NFL playing empty stadiums.
Mike Pence walks out on NFL Losers who won't stand for our anthem or country. GOD BLESS u Pence:)
First of all, WHAT COLLIN KAPERKNICK DID IS TOTALLY BITCHIN. HIS USA " RIGHT TO PEACEFULLY DISSENT!!!! READ YOUR CONSTITUTION, ADOLF HITLER
Have you read Bill of Rights?  Its restrictions on government power.... no protection from private actions....
It's their choice not anyone's not me not you.
Stop lying, don. The players are not disrespecting our country, they're disrespecting you. You are not our country. Resign. Now.
Those who seek to shut down peaceful protests are afraid of the power it has. See Hitler. 2/2
IM with YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!
#Rush said it. The owners are running scared, looking for a way out. Advertisers are panicking, ghost stadiums, etc SCREW 'EM NO EASY OUT!.
#BoycottNFL   #BoycottNFLSponsors
Ya know Don, when you have so many dumb, liberals poking comments towards you, it's tough to get a comment in. F'em. They're losers.
Agreed!!!
That's a perfect example of dictatorship, rather than democracy and freedom which our nation was founded on
Delete your account.
The flag doesn't shoot unarmed people, so why disrespect our flag? Go kneel at police headquarters instead and say a prayer for peace
I STAND with OUR PRESIDENT, for respect of OUR NATIONAL ANTHEM, OUR FLAG & for all the millions, over OUR HISTORY, that have defended THEM.
They are all anti-American! REAL AMERICANS DON'T HAVE TO BE TOLD TO STAND! #istand #MAGA 
Respect the CONSTITUTION #dotard

Football team, the Aggies, so lousy they probably should replace it with a futbol Mexicano team, instead!!! Hey, NMSU is 52% HISPANIC.
You are such a knucklehead . You REALLY don't understand the only thing they are boycotting is you and your ideals . #WAKEUP #SAD #RESIST
Of course he would now that NFL staffed with Obama people.
Not For Long NFL
Those players are not disrespecting veterans. White people stop trying to create a problem.
#ImpeachTrump #racistTrump #CLUELESS #willmakeAmericabetter #withoutYOU
send some help to Puerto Rico & then RESIGN, bitch
should be obvious @realDonaldTrump your continued efforts to divide & spread hate end up bringing US together #NotALeader #DJTtotalLoser
Goodell is now, always has been a failed leader
NFL scumbags no one will ever attend your NFL bund rallies celebrating your hatred for flag and country @realDonaldTrump @nytimes @CNN @ABC
Shut up and fight the right wars.
More #WhiningPOTUS! So DO something besides whine! Make a law or shut-up. But, NOW, players have this right. YOU have promoted disrespect...
Hi! Is there a reason U RT'd this? :-(
no way i never saw that we RT'ed it DEFINITELY not in support of any of that - we stand with the people taking a knee 100%
Glad to hear it!!!
Goodell wrong! He's done!
@realDonaldTrump Why don't focus on more important issues than some athletes kneeling for social injustice. #TakeTheKnee #TakeAKnee #Freedom
Read the constitution dotard.
Roger Goodell will be jobless as attendance drops to all time levels. WILL get worse, if these overpaid SOB's dont stand for our flag.
You're wrong on this one and you know it.  Back away as gracefully as you're able.
NFL PROUDLY supports left wing protesters #MAGA turn it off tonight #NFLBoycott
No trust beggars after thoughts!  They refuse to take a knee to GOD, they refuse to stand for National Anthem or Pledge of Allegiance!?
It is their right to take a knee. Many of us do it every time you lie.

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #NotMyPrez #liar #crook #humorb
Don't worry about it. Patriotic Americans will also make a statement related related to less $$$$.
Amen! Let em stand in a soup line. Ungrateful arseholes.
So PRESIDENT DOTARD go sit in a Dark corner and wait for Mr Mueller to excort you off to prison. Happily said your day's are numbered
He should read his own rules there is no excuse for disrespecting the military , the police or the countrt
@DineshDSouza
The icing on the cake is Steelers Coach giving the Vet, the ONLY one who came out of tunnel 4 Anthem, Crap for Not going along w/Team OMG!
https://twitter.com/kirbyhilde/status/913560756079222785 …

GOODELL,the contracts your players have signed is explicit. You yourself have condoned their actions for failing to adhere to your own rules
How some equality in our justice dept..oh wait we got Jeff Sessions

I'm a #DieHardCowboyFan. Not happy with them at all. They can't have it both ways. Kneeling then standing unified makes it a wash. #WeStand
You are so right- fence sitters. They are being lukewarm. Smh
Help our people in Puerto Rico DO YOUR JOB OR RESIGN
I guess when you don't agree with their  responses!  #LoveTrumpsHate
Shut up
Hey, Mr.ADD. Concentrate on Puerto Rico
Donald, the NFL doesn't take orders from you. You're not a king or even a dictator. You're just a grifter playing the role of POTUS. Badly.
Why don't you worry more about NOT initiating World War III and destroying the planet for the next 10 generations of humans beings?


They can't support a country or presidenf who treats blacks like shit! You quit snd they'll stand :simple!
My god, you are SUCH an asshole.
Why mix sport and politics? Sport is for all race's
Why  are  you worried  aboutthis I feel as the President you have other things to concern yourself with. Go do that.
Because he's trying to distract America, which is working, while he makes changes he's opponents would never approve of.
There is no excuse.  He is men with feet of clay.
Right to protest should not be at work and it's a retarded protest anyway, who cares
We have issues in our government & YOU pick on the NFL? Maybe YOU should find something else to do.
You people need to grow up,
tRUMP CHEATED, LIED & WAS DISLOYAL 2 his MANY WIVES!! WHY would anyone believe him speak about LOYALTY?? @realdonaldTrump <YOU R INCOMPETENT
I wouldn't stand for you either.

Boycott the nfl
Read the Constitution.  You preach hate! They protest your hate.
#goodell=overpaid = out of touch
Leave it to Trump to insult Goodell for the 1 thing he ever said that was right.
I would, but my bone spurs are acting up... you know how bone spurs can keep you from being a patriot, don’t you?
BOYCOTT the NFL. DON'T buy tickets to the games,  DON'T watch the games on TV, DON'T buy their merchandise.
@POTUS44 @SpeakerRyan @SenSanders
Your job has nothing to do with football. You are terrible at this, Donald.
you should pay attention to Florida and Puerto Rico and Houston. #PuertoRico
how does a draft dodger like you have anything to say about this?  #TakeAKnee #PuertoRico
Mas cara que espalda, señor presidente! Hollandesos no quiere el odio.
@realDonaldTrump how about tell them they can do whatever they want bc it's a free country is it not?
Thank you @realDonaldTrump @POTUS for being a @POTUS who loves America and stands for respecting our Anthem and Flag which are our Veterans!
I'm telling YOU TO RESIGN! RESIGN! RESIGN!
I have total disrespect for you and your childish behavior. You're making a mockery of our Democratic process and diplomacy
free speech works (2/2)
Hypocrite.
We're with u all the way! Nationalism over globalism! Respect our flag @StephenBannon @rushlimbaugh @cowomen4trump @SarahPalinUSA @PressSec
Don’t TELL anyone to do anything. This is America, Don.
Shut up
A President ???? that doesn't know what our country stands for.
Why don't you try doing your job, which isn't taking away constitutional rights?  #TakeAKnee
Don't you have a job to do?
You are making this so much worse. No one wants to be ordered to do something. But you will never see that you're wrong.
