Love my President!
Keep up the good fight 
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst ...
Yes, we all must get involved! Lets do it!
After, DRAINING THE SWAMP..That Surrounds U...yes, U....
Nobody likes you
Dude leave north Korea alone....you know we all get hurt if you attack them.  Go play golf for the next 3 years so we can live
deseo que todo salga bien en sus planes de Restaurar a  america
Your pulling food from peoples hands as well!
I love president trump!!!
Don't cave! hard-working people should not pay for free services to those able to work welfare should be a last resort not a way of life
Outsiders are never liked by the establishment. Ride on Trump. Show the globe trotters that Global warming is a farce. A gimmick
And by America I mean the trump family, screw everyone else.
You keep using this word great. In the words of Inigo Montoya, I do not think this word means what you think it means.
Right
GOD I HATE HIS ASS
If you resign, America will be great.
Without you it will remain great
America is has been great. Well, until you came along. Sad very very sad
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Thank you
Agree
Why are taxpayers paying you to run around the country campaigning for an election that's 3.5 years away? Also stop golfing & get to work!!
Nope

The lion is back
I swear, Trump will be pledging to Make America Great Again in the 2020 election.
I believe in you that God has your blessings you will make a difference
HOW TO BE A DICTATOR 

*see chapter on SLOGANS

God's Politics: A wise man's heart directs him toward the right, but the foolish man's heart directs him toward the left. Eccl 10:2
@realDonaldTrump  & We're on our way!!! Thank You!! 
Got worse for 8 years under obama
Super agree
45 are u going to move the Republicans to Africa? That would make America truly great. No more ignorant trash that is blind to everything.
what time we could have the same chair man like trump
You are ruining our country. We are now a joke to the world.
Yes Sir, once you are Impeached!!!!!
Yeah America "FIRST" 》this happens since years ... America wanna be world ruler and destroys and kills other nations ... ARE U PROUD OF IT☡
America are Great, please dont change that
Trump Trump Trump
"Together"?? Yes, you and your ass kissers of a cabinet
I agree with Trump!  Lets make America greater than ever!  Don't forget to drain the swamp!

Don't stop tweeting. This old guy from Mo has your back.
Draconian laws and policies in the child support agencies of America discriminate against men
DONALD IS GOING TO MAKE AMERICA HATE MINORITYS
GREATER..
Together you are going to BREAK AMERICA AGAIN (just like George W did)! Yea!!
See fake news. Fake polls. We stand by our President. So get over it
Time to hand every American a gas mask, chemical suit and food & water rationings. We would feel much better if we protected in every way 
Better start soon as so far with your childish tweets you're making America a joke to the rest of the world. Worst president ever
We love you Mr. President
making just America great again is too easy for great man such you. You can make the whole WORLD or UNIVERSE great again!!!
U said n this speech that EVERY seat was taken, LIE! U said there were 1,OOOs of ppl wait'n 2 get n 2 see u, LIE! WHEN WILL U TELL THE TRUTH
I thought it was always great Donnie?
I think Conde Rice can help you make America Great Again.  Will you consider her for a position in your administration? What a team.
Yes we are! Right after your impeachment. America will be better than ever...when you're gone!
So thankful for our President Donald J. Trump! #MAGA
Shut it!
Sick em Mark; HILARIOUS!!!
Not with your policies Mr. Trump.  America was great with President Obama.  Just waiting to see how bad u screw things up
Then resign. You have done nothing but throw us in the sewer with world laughing at America and you. You have done nothing to make USA great
Not with u here... 

i LIVE IN 
Comment va la famille c'est très bon vidéo
how? wit no job's you worried about a wall not the American people
Not really cause it is already better #hillaryshouldbepres
Hey, @POTUS ! You already ARE president! No need to campaign! Or does @FLOTUS want you out of the house?
So you keep saying, but it seems to be getting more like a SAD reality TV show
I'm listening this jolk since last year
america ? was ? never ? not ? great ?
i ? take ? pride ? in ? my ? country ?
The road to Dystopia is lined with Lies By Plutocrats
Thank you
It looks like a 12 year old made this, with one of their little editing apps on their iPods.
First make white house #Traitor free again. That would be the first step.
I'm still waiting....
We need legislation defining Republican's pay for their own medical coverage, right along with what they are demanding of the rest of us.
I LOVE OUR PRESIDENT! #MAGA!!   YES, WE CAN!!   PRES TRUMP, YOU'RE IN MY PRAYERS!
It wasn't great in the first place
By bringing us back to the Stone age?! No thank you. Plz resign Sir.
By IMPORTING WIVES from Russia? Seriously, Why can't you get an American wife? Proof that US Public Education has had some success.
America is already great!
When you are gone we can work at being great again.
USA
And in the process insults most of the Iowans!
I'm here in Britain but wish we had D.Trump here (top guy). U.S. now on the right track.
If you are a white supremacist who doesn't mind not having a job or healthcare and enjoy living under a dictator, then yes, he's your guy!
America is already great where have you been?
MAGA. Making Attorneys Get Attorneys. Next Barry T will be getting a lawyer.
Syria First! Make Middle East Great Again!
It was ģreat until DT...
i believe this If youd actually listen to us! We The People are on your side Its just Dems whom are FOS
Shit, Trump has never worked in his life. So he should stop saying we.
Workers and employer contribute to Soc Sec/Mcare. It was supposed to be invested not part of the general fund! Gives us control of our 15%
Wow another Hitler style rally from the #LOTUS Liar of the United States

You keep saying that and the American people are still waiting. When are you going to start making America great again?
Be empathetic.
Be kind.
Equality for all.
We are getting there.  You are under the umbrella of the one above - listen and be guided.  Act.
Peace for all.
America has always been great until you took office. It will only be great again if you leave and take your trailer trash family with you.
Despite you and your deplorable cabinet and advisors WE will make it great again. Resign and save us the time & expenses of removing you.
Really sad #dumbdonald. If crowd size is so important to post a 2 min clip, you must have the tiniest pickle of any #potus ever!!#Impeach45
No - we are not!  You have done more damage than any president in history!  LOSER & FRAUD!

 again with this crowd size crap. I just lost 2 minutes of my life for that. Sir, please find something presidential to say



Hope you also working on Global leadership that's  should not be replaced by France,  Germany, China, India, even Russia. Long live  USA.
Its sounds greate! Hope your administration are enough aware to maintain US global leadership that's equally important for Global peace.
@POTUS thank you
Damn you can't stop lying
U violate your oath of office to enforce our laws, which dictates U deport all illegals! At this point, U are just talking points!
Not as long as you Pence and your cabinet are running our government don't get comfortable you won't be staying long
Steps to achieve greatness
1) get control of you ego
2) care about your fellow americans
3) attend intelligence briefings
#MAGA
howve I been a part/had a say in MAGA? Surely EVERYONE cant matter. A persons biggest failure is trying to please everyone. IM NOT PLEASED!
BRO! Been tell'in ya - quit th'MakeAmericaGreatAgain shtick! OLD NEWS - like FAKE NEWS! UPdate it! WALL OFF AMERICA or MAKE ME RICHER AGAIN!
Nah. Just making it a joke to the rest of the world.
How can America be great when your grandparents are sleeping on the corner
Not a general but I do play chess the best defense is a good offense keep turning the heat on Mr. President￼
When do you plan to start?
Thank you Mr. President. Thank you for a stellar cabinet. God bless you all and God bless America. #MAGA
JULES yeah he did pull out of the, trillions of dollars for the possibility of .03 degrees in hundred years. Your logic is a leaky bucket
The distance to Great keeps getting longer and longer under the Trump regime #TrickyDickTrump #AmericaFirst #GOP #resist
You are # 1 President...Cubanos con TRUMP.
Doing a great job Mr. President. Greetings from the Netherlands
The ONLY way America retains its greatness is that you WILL RESIGN.
The world thinks we have a moron  for a President!
Great??? 22 million losing heath care to give tax cuts to the top 1%. After 7 years of complaints, this is the solution? This is CRAZY!
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
MAKE OUR PLANET GREAT AGAIN!
I nvr get sick of hearing that phrase!
Good  stuff 
#MarcelloMenna #DonaldTrump #AmericanPatriots #FreePeopleAlliances
Mr. President, get real! America is already great. Greater than anytime in the past!!
stupidity first #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump #COTUSclownoftheus

Good one !! 
And syphilis free again!
