You’re a broken mess. Pretty sure you have dementia. Feel sorry for all Americans.
Thank you for your empathy.
thanks to you more people will die...

Mr President, since you are doing everything you can to kill Ocare, and leave millions of Americans without healthcare it is now Trumocare.
Millions where forced to get Obama Care with out wanting it.
If we drive a car, we have to have insurance. If we’re alive, we need healthcare. You’re married with children, don’t you need healthcare?
Its cheaper for me to pay cash for DR. visits and monthly meds. How often did you need medical care in your 20s n 30s.
So you are healthy right now, but what if you get in a wreck or you get diagnosed with a catastrophic illness?
If you get in a wreck you get a lawyer and Sue. Most castrophic illness's aren't even covered by health insurance. Look at your coverage!!!
As for catastrophic illnesses you are wrong!  You need to do some research yourself.
Ahh no I'm not. I know 3 people who's insurance ran out and I still see a woman's bucket by cash registers asking for donations in town.
You're out of your element Donny!
And his mind!
If you want to give us what we "deserve", you should leave the WH
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR !
No that was obummer, You can keep your HC you can keep your Dr you will save money. All fricken lies. But sure you're okay with that.
Cal you are right, the big liar in chief was obummmer......

vegas cannabis, you are very disrespectrul and ill informed......pay better attention.....
Can you ever do anything without insulting someone? A better tweet: Excited to work hard on improving healthcare for all Americans.
You are risking health and lies of the people you promised to protect.   All because the AHCA bears Obamas name.  You have violated trust.
Not true Obama care is a mess
Then why the obsession to replace rather than repair.  Answer crystal clear..he is obsessed with Obama envy. His sickness is devestating.
Why did congress let obama pass a horrible healthcare law that hurts American citizens #repealobamacare
How does it hurt American citizens? Enrollment up.  Opportunity for those who are not insured thru work.  Doesn't sound hurtful to me.
It hurts people thru taking more money from the working class everyone is not entitled for others to pay for their healthcare
??????.
You have been trying to destroy the ACA for months and everyone knows it.
Your ignorance is breathtaking! Sick
YOU sabotaged it. There was proof insurance companies were adjusting & rebounding. You won't be happy until you kill us all & only 1% remain
It’s Trumpcare now and you are the broken mess. You own it!  Don’t call it Obamacare from now on it’s TRUMPCARE!
You're a broken mess. Get out of the White House now.
Obamacare is full of illegal subsidies, overwhelming taxes, and inadequate care.  Next time congress/voters need to vote on this stuff. Government is incompetent
When u allow ppl to wait until they are sick to purchase insurance, you are guaranteed to destroy the system. I believe that was their goal.
Yep, they want it to fail so they can muscle in a single payer system.  Single payer and socialism go hand in hand
Not to mention job security, and more money flowing into DC for them to get a chance to skim.
I look forward to paying higher premiums and getting less coverage under your watch
You broke it and the deaths will be on you, just like those in Puerto Rico and California. You cannot pick and choose who to be POTUS to.
You broke it, you bought it.

#Trumpcare

#TrumpDontCare

#TrumperorHasNoClothes

#ImpeachTrump

@realDonaldTrump When will u be impeached?
But you're not doing that. You're not making healthcare great again when you can't comprehend the basic structure of free market insurance.
Nobody wants obamacare your doing our country proud mr president :)
No you are a broken mess. We see who you are..a destroyer of Democracy. Resign and save us.
4:14 am and you're already spewing bullshit into my Saturday. Thanks, bud.
TRUMPCARE you own it now
Look who's talking about broken mess.
It is, because you're incompetent! But now you own it! 9 of the top 10 states effected voted for you - goodbye base ;)
Trump subsidies that ppl need & That u are taking away just B/C it has Obama's name on it is childish! U say America 1st that's just talk
#FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron
How u can say that trump is ruining America? His effort will be respected by people with the passes of time.

While they wreck and cripple ACA. Real people will suffer..
The ACA has been a complete disaster for many "real people". Can you spare any sympathy for them?
I do.
Good news, you can reverse everything Obama has done, but we still remember the great things he did!
Your so-called presidency* is a broken mess. We need to invoke the #25thAmendmentNow to give America what it deserves!
by taking healthcare from children and meals in wheels from the elderly. you're a joke and nobody is laughing.
You personally sabotaged it to feed your ego & eradicate everything Obama. While he protected Americans - you are killing us. #ImpeachTrump

You sabotaged it. You own it now. #trumpdontcare
What is Obamacare..Buddy you just took it over...it is now got a shiny new Trump plaque on it...TRUMPCARE!!!!!!!!

Wonderful!We have private ins so we have felt the blows!Ins has triplef on Obamacare!Open borders for private market as well!
Drip subpoena drip Grand Jury Drip testify drip indictment drip russia drip collusion drip obstruction drip.....& the drips go on & on & on
The drips have kept going on forever. Producing NOTHING
You’ve talked to Mueller?
Do you know who has the greatest % of impact - 62-65 yr olds who are disabled - guess who many supported?
if insurers respond by raising premiums- the subsidies will cover them. The people most impacted outside the group - THE ONES NOT ELIGIBLE
Yes, but tell me who this demographic voted for?
My pleasure - TRUMP 
They shouldn't have voted for the Antichrist. #Karma
I am genuinely afraid of how far this IDIOT has been allowed to go - from textbook violation of 2 pts if Const to obstructing the ACA
You need to make public send to Congress your own ideas of health care reform need details not just saying it's going to be great
Your oath of office bound you to adhere to the law of the land...that includes the ACA which you continually disparage, Hypocrite without a plan
You are despicable taking away health care for the poor just so you can give your cronies and yourself huge tax cuts!!
Your entire presidency is a broken mess! #resign
I thought you said it was exploding by itself.   So why didn't u lane it alone.   DON'T MAKE SENSE.   it was all a LIE
You could wait till you had something to offer before hurting millions!
You aren’t even smart enough to realize that the 44 Admin did all the hard work of crafting a plan from scratch; you could’ve just modified.
Some duct tape and an Advil is what you are giving us #selfishdotard
Sung to My Country tis of thee / God Save the Queen.
It's Muller time I don't know if you can be pardoned for treason.  But thanks for destroying the GOP it's their karma
By letting lower income folks die? Taking away women’s healthcare? Just the way you’d like it...a nation of rich men 
Trump is a broken mess. Hates America and wants to punish everyone because he doesnt get what he thinks he’s due. Grifter, fraud due jail!
U r undoing everything that President Obama has done no matter I who u hurt that means hurting poor peploe with u messing with healthcare
You have destroyed Obamacare. Trumpcare has taken its place.
You aren't "letting it fail" You're destroying the lives of 7 million Americans. Veterans, Children. You broke it, you bought it. TrumpCare
We don’t need government mandated or managed “healthcare”! The people need is the CHOICE of affordable “health insurance”.

The Russian Undercover MOL Patriot!!!
Go for it -----Trump you r totally right---Don't Stop!!!  We're with you 100%
a day more of living God gives US. we are going forward enthusiastically.
donald trump is a broken mess. Piece by piece, we will rebuild our country after we #2545NOW
When ppl start to lose their coverage, die, & when the poor struggles to maintain healthcare. It's all your fault!. You hurt your base.
Obama did it better 
I'm a 31 year old warehouse employee for a small business with 8 regional retail locations and this is going to end up costing me 2x as much
liar, you R premeditating MURDER 2 all these people & dont forget PR what kind of MONSTER R U? No compassion?No mercy? just hate 4 Obama sad
We the people are getting what we wanted with President Trump and then some......what is your problem?
Again Pres.Asswipe proves he doesn't understand governing, business or politics!  Praises Bannon for attacking Rethugs he needs for votes!
You are a liar. You have no idea what you’re doing. As a cancer patient you will surely kill me. You distress me daily. I’d love to sue u.
Giving low and middle class Americans no access to healthcare by increasing the premium rates by 20%. This won't be a broken mess at all
Let me be clear, Mr. President. You are breaking the law.
It’s broken because you broke it. When I break stuff, I hide so mom doesn’t smack my nose. I don’t brag about it.
You're driving up healthcare premiums using executive order & withholding payments you're obligated to make
Impeachment is awaiting
So is your presidency. Give us single payer NOW!
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME. ONCE WE GET NUKED, NOTHING WILL MATTER CUZ WE WILL ARE BE CRISPY. YOU JUST DONT GET IT
So basically we pay for everything out of our pockets until we are broke? Is that your version of single payer healthcare???
Can’t wait for your base to find out they are losing their health insurance b/c they can no longer afford it. Sure they will be real happy
You would know, you broke it. So bring us Universal Healthcare.
You own it. #TrumpCare
But YOU broke it, Mr. President! Just admit you're jealous of Obama and then work to improve his policies rather than destroy.
And it's called the Affordable Care Act. Stop showing ur spiteful side using our president's name just because he tried 2 do something nice
Against RUSSIA? Is it because cause u r n with RUSSIA? u r the WORST PRESIDENT N THE WORLD I'm glad u r not my President,
Trying 2 undo the Iran deal just b cause President Obama made the deal u never killed President Obama n that's your u r doing this n
And when it’s lying at your feet in pieces and you are dancing on it in triumph, what’s next on Putin’s  agenda? The Constitution?
TrumpCare is a travesty and it is all on you now.  ObamaCare is gone.
Dotard; the expression is "You break it, you own it!" You now own it.
On the plus side, at least they named the dumbwaiter after you.
You know if you take something away you are meant to have something working to replace it with.
Taking it apart doesn't help. It harms.
RESIGN!
you are SABOTAGING THE LAWS YOU DON'T AGREE WITH, HIS IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL AND YOU ARE BREAKING THE LAW
You're a mess. An old white, unbalanced man who is a mess. It doesn't get any worse than that. Have a great and messy night.
You're a broken mess when can we get rid of you?
You’re the one who broke it beyond compare. Just as you planned.
F U pig.
Even Senv Alexander wants #ACA fixed. The
-Senate H.E.L.P. Ctte
-Nat'l Assoc of Gov's
-Health Insur. Ind Assoc
ALL blame POTUS.
#liar
This is what the American people have to understand about his lying. I would hate to give him credit but he’s sneaky like an orange fox 
Your presidency is a embarrassment to the hard working citizens of America. You're the President of the United States, act like it!
The only silver lining in Trump's #ObamacareSabotage—It will harm people who voted for him on an epic scale. If anyone deserves it, they do.

You are the best.
Thank you, Mr.  President for keeping your promises.
Thats a lie ..It saves lives n has saved mine 
All you guys in Washington should be on the same plan that you feed the people!!
@madmamavotes & @jbtruthseeker nailed it. Donnie, u shld change your name to FUBAR Trump.
Too little too late. Just make Obamacare (good) better.
You're the one breaking it.
Now you've given it a good kicking.
Given how much this will cost, we now see why you always go bankrupt, now you are bankrupting government while killing children & seniors!
Your stunt will increase the deficit by $6 billion in 2018, $21 billion in 2020, and $26 billion in 2026. You own that. Dotard.
You threw a temper tantrum and now people are going to die from it #DumpTrump #ImpeachTrump #25amendment #Obamacare #NotMyPresident
What you say sounds really nice but it's uneducated. Insurance relies on so many factors that youll literally have to restructure everything

Just get it right because it is important that everybody have good affordable health care.
This will be a big turning point for your low approval ratings - how low can they possibly go
Great. Your going to jump off a cliff then? Well done you 
I’ve warned you about trolling the POTUS. Do it better. Something like ‘I’d like to teabag the cunt just to see the look on his face.’
I may be gay but there’s no way my balls are going anywhere near that dick
#Obamacare is a disaster and we all know it
Thank God and thank you!
It is a tragedy as is all government aid because recipients are listed to be secretly voltaged to death by crimecheckers and surveillancers.
ObamaCare is NOT a broken mess!  It's better than anything you've offered us so far!!!
Your presidency is the broken mess. Wish we could defund you!
You are trying to kill it, people will hate you for not saving their subsidies and not getting a good plan.  Is your hate for Obama so bad?
Your glue sucks! You are not putting pieces together, you are just making this puzzle worst to fix!
Which is no health care at all, or "Trump DontCare".
Trump is a broken mess. Piece by piece, Mueller will nail this narcissistic sociopath. Can't wait!
Before Obama people received insurance at work. 
Scrap this "free insurance junk" and get a job !
MAGA
Your own party has left you. Stop fooling yourself that you're doing anything other than causing a stink... everywhere you go.
What are you replacing these things your taking away with?  What about the citizens of us?
Now that you've fvcked it up!!!  TRUMPCARE=DEATHCARE
Piece by piece you are destroying the Affordable Care Act. You care none. Obama is a million times the man you are!
Thank you Mr President for getting rid of this Shit called Obamacare! Screw the left they have NO idea what's going on!
How about a health care plan that ALL Americans live by, including all members of Congress. No more special treatment for elected officials
You’ll fuck it up.  It’s what you do.
NOW you're going to "begin"? What the heck have you been doing for the last 9 months?!
#25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
YOU are a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the impeachment it deserves!
I want to know what we still have to pay the fine at the end of the year for not having insurance???
If it's broken, it's because you broke it!  Miserable, spiteful, petty, nasty man stuck in a failing revenge presidency. #Trumpcare
You are a broken mess.
That’s because YOU broke it!
Trump u r so delusional! No matter what ! U will never, ever be the man our President Obama is! See a Psychiatrist!
Yea, the dems gave you a cracked piece of fine China, but you threw it in the ground and beat it with a baseball bat. This is on you. #ACA
Tillerson to Trump, "I would fight a battle of wits with you but I don't fight unarmed people."
Great executive order on opening purchase power across state lines and allowing associations to offer plans for their members
RT @realDonaldTrump Now would be a great time for YOU to follow up on #Healthcare & get rid of the congressional exemption from #Obamacare .
Can’t wait till they impeach you Chump
Obamacare no longer exists f*cknut.  What remains is Trumpcare... and Americans will suffer, go bankrupt & die as a result. #OwnIt
You are a broken mess, old man.
غوستي ميتو دو تيو ديسكورسو
I Agee, the morons who voted for you are getting exactly what they deserve a good screwing.
Thank you Mr. President!
You deliberately broke Obamacare - and are instead offering more expensive insurance with less benefits. You can't tell the truth it seems.
Honestly, how can anyone not see you're a Russian sleeper agent sabotaging the US? #traitor
Your face and your presidency is a broken mess
trump administration is a broken mess. Piece by piece, we will begin the process of giving America the great respect it deserves. #25th !!
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul WE do NOT have a FREE MARKET in #Healthcare, because of these Corps.: AET, UNH, ANTM, CI, & HUM. #USA
U r a broken mess!
Trump don’t care is let’s kick kids, Vets, and families off insurance! Don’t talk to me about state lines, already get our ins across line
You mean dismantling people's healthcare piece by piece. You have no replacement or plan.
You have no plan. You will hurt and kill people with your irresponsible pettiness. #WorstPresidentEver #ImpeachTrump #LyingTrump
Another piece of fake news
That law was never passed. So you're going to undermine existing law to make it look bad?
We’ll see!  Hope you get something Right!
If Trump was not filthy rich he would have been the nicest person on Earth
NIGGAAAAA IM SCREAMING IMPEACH YOUUUUUU 
You are delusional....I mean like really...not all of us have a 4th grade education....well...maybe you..just sayin’

Medicare for all or get out.
I don’t think so
#persiangulf
Your entire administration is a broken mess and all you care about is undoing the black man's legacy no matter how it hurts Americans.
Except that is not what youre doing. By 2018 premiums will go up 20%, by 2020 it will go up 25% with this EO. Stp trying to kill Americans!
Potterybarn rules. You break it, you own it. You broke federal health care, you own it. Now it’s #TrumpCare.
You’re not smart enough to address healthcare.  Murderer. #impeach
What? Of COURSE it's a broken mess... You broke it! Did you honestly think we wouldn't notice? Buffoon
And your response is to break it further?  Sad.
And draft dodger tiny trump is the one breaking it @realDonaldTrump
You are a broken mess... shut up and do your job, these distraction will not work. Everyone knows how bad a job your are doing #idiot
U don't give a DAMN about better, cheaper CARE 4 r people! The TRASH, FAILED BILLS U already tried proved that! U just want ur HUGE TAX CUT!
You're not upholding the law, you're not living up to the oath in practice or spirit
U R A 
It's Trumpcare now everything is on you!
You screwed over a lot of Americans.
#promises maybe you should understand the issue before you make them.
