Thank you Mr.President! My son needed to hear that!
From afar since you wouldn't dare take care of them in person. #Sad
Please help this vet!!!!!!!!!   https://www.facebook.com/jake.stroker.7/posts/10202952093401356 …
You are an opportunist and a child. Taking our country down.
Nope. I believe people should work for there money. I have had two work two jobs my whole twenties and one my whole 30’s. I live within my means, I don’t make a lot. If I can do it so can anyone else. America is free and full of opportunity.
You should write a book and inspire a nation that has just adopted 1.7 trillion (or there abouts) of debt. America needs to work 2 jobs and live within it’s means. I’m all for that.
I have to say there are plenty of people who live way beyond there paycheck. I would not say all. I am most certainly not saying I have the answers. I would say that individual people are part of the problem.
And u keep spending our money on golf
And u deferred 5 times
I am a severely disabled USMC Veteran on day 311 of a fully developed claim which the VA claims can be adjudicated in 30 days.
Surely you were forced to tweet this because we all know you don’t sincerely mean it.
Where were you when we were doing all the above?
Except the POW's. You forgot that one-you know, that they're not "heroes", and he said "I like people who weren't captured". Why didn't you include that?
Really? Then stop slashing their pay, cutting their benefits and sending them to war...or creating new ones with your stupid tweets.

Put your money where your mouth is, Golfer in chief.,
Thank you Mr President
Love  prayers support to our Great Military, our President & Vice President  & their families!
Missy May you sure missed it. You should have stopped after "Great Military".
Is this because of how guilty you feel about being such a dirtbag that daddy bought you out of serving your country? I don't blame you.
Truely, we Japanese admire your country.
Our self defense forces are never treated as a hero here in Japan. God bless America.
"Believe me, I like all of you guys now, not just the ones who weren't captured."
I will always take care of my GREAT PODCAST. http://WhyDidZachBraffBlockMeonTwitter.com 
I've poured my love and bares my soul on this show.
LIAR!
Nugget doesnt give mr. Trump his nugget of friendship nugget dont think that trump likes nugget
Thank you President Trump! Powerful and moving speech!!
*sent from his weekend private golf course compound*
veteran loyalty to trump is misguided
"I like people who weren't captured." ...you. Seems legit.
TROOPS!!! 
Complete sentences? Who tweeted this for you?
A tweet that's supposed to motivate vets. from a man supporting legislation to cut funding to their care. Hypocrisy at a presidential level.
Go to sleep ... Trump!  Put your phone down.
Polls suggest you are not doing a good job, but anyone could have told you that. Disapproval rate = 54.1643% #PleaseWakeMeUp
Mr. President if you want to Tweet it is a good thing. Your the Commander and Chief you make the rules now not the News.Godspeed to a leader
"I know the feeling Brother, I never ask the VA for anything after I came home. Then about 4 years ago…" — rayr66
go to wash! 
God Bless America and God Bless President Trump 
#MAGA 
and reporters have been on the battlefields telling their stories while you dodged the draft. #coward
U just talked about the media and yourself.
I wonder where the Dems Stand on Veterans Care Haven't heard a Peep out of them 
Thank you Potus from all the Vets
#MAGA

You have no respect for our veterans at all



Hillary Clinton
I don't understand how any veteran can support you when all you are doing is destroying what we have fought so hard for.
Mr. President you honor my service so much. I am proud to serve my nation with you as my CinC! Thank you!!
Thank you for your service Mark.

Socialism at its best for the people by the people everybody getting in line for they wished they had a wish sandwich as they go hungry 
Too bad you don't actually feel that way.  Your new healthcare bill will hurt veterans!!!
Calling bullshit. We have never taken care of our veterans. Both my grandfather's lacked the mental care they needed after the war.
We pretend like we take care of veterans when in reality we throw them back into normal life without the proper care and rehabilitation
Want to actually honor our veterans? Make sure they're ready for civilian life before tossing them back into it.
That would have been great, I've been struggling in civilian life for over 20 years now since I left the military
Maybe headstrong has services near you...?
Thank you and best wishes
WE LOVE YOU MR.TRUMP!!
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK FOR US, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
WE RESPECT YOUR HARD WORK!
THANK YOU FOR HELPING KEEP US SAFE
#MAGA


Remember that one time....
John McCain is a traitor!
He is a globalist recucklican not a true American.
Also 0/10 old man neck. And they don't lie.
Remember Benghazi!
Hillary Clinton was asleep while brave men died. Obama destroyed the VA. Finally a POTUS who cares!
Democrats spit on the graves of veterans. They have no respect, their rallies never have American flags.
Hey Mikey did you serve in the military or did you sit on the sideline like your mentor? If you served, you'd never make these remarks.
why are there thousands of servicemen on food stamps?  
you can't take care of them while they serve how can you take care of them after???
Your going to blame that on a man in office 5 months?
I'm pointing out he has done shit for servicemen and is incompetent, he has no plan to help vets.
Sure he hasn't if you watch the MSM. He signed orders to clean up the VA , for faster care for vets and more. Get on CNN and stop being a
US VETERANS HAVE NO RESPECT FOR TRUMP THE DRAFT DODGER!!
Is that why more vets voted for him than they did for Hillary?
you have zero evidence for that.
Jeff Onushco Stop making up Fake News like your tiny handed orange traitor!
So more vets didn't vote for him?? Lol get off CNN .. baaaaaaaaaaaaaaa sheel
I'm a vet, I did not vite for him. I don't know many service men who did.
prove your claim

http://nchv.org/index.php/news/media/background_and_statistics/ … Read this! 11% of the homeless population are veterans. WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THIS?
Trump your so amazing and I look up to you cause I'm only 13 and you have a great idea in life to make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
I just want everyone to stop  criticizing our President he is such a great person and the best President ever and we should show him the respect he deserves !
Then why does your budget remove $18m of the $22m earmarked for the VA's Million Veteran program? The research from this will save lives.
Maybe even save your life.
You could care less about the veterans or America! All you and your bunch know how to do is LIE LIE LIE!
Can you stop lying? Didn't think so!
Those who pledged their life and completed training are all veteran's, thousands served and receive no beniffets.SAD VERY VERY UN-AMERICAN.
Yes you will by eliminating health insurance to them you'll definitely take care of them by "unintentionally" killing them
I sure hope you keep your word. My dad needs his VA money back, they took it away.
The BRCA will NOT take care of our veterans!
O
How? Slashing VA benefits doesn't do that. Get it together Donny, you're contradicting urself again. Many of those veterans are on Medicare

then why are you cutting benefits and medical?? 
Liar-in-Chief
JuiFor Super okx
Is that why you raised money for Veterans, then kept it until you were found out? Because you care so much about them?  Disgraceful liar!
I'm trying to open a business Mr. President they are making it impossible I need help.
@TeamTrump better read your Healthcare bill...you cut benefits for Vets.  Sad.
And you have embarrassed every one of them.
Is this before or after you steal their healthcare?
Yes Sir
you never served and wouldn't
then why did you fire one because he was stationed overseas the lying hypocrite nut case? Just go away we don't want you
"Unless you were a captured veteran. Then you don't count." 
Please tell me you're joking.
The fact he's a business man active all else is the exact reason why he sucks. For fucks sake, he's trying to run america like a business-
instead of a country like he was elected to do. Name one actual accomplishment he performed aside from electing a court justice.
U don't know the pain they put us through. Thanx for the unkept promise as I suffer everyday. Still waiting since Mar for a referral.
...says the man who wants to cut every safety net available to veterans.
explain how stripping their medical care is going to help them dipshit
Unlike you - who dodged service right?
You wouldn't know what that's like though, would u? U pussy draft dodger. U don't deserve any respect from veterans, u putin puppet traitor!
Except for those embarrassing POWs, right Donny? 
"I like people who weren't captured" - POTUS 45, July 2015
This, alone, should disqualify any presidential candidate.
And I believe You!!   Thank you!!
This 4the I will finally be proud to be an American!  Omg trump!  I love you and support you!  Thank you!
Only in the US of A.

The Greatest Country under God were the line "why should I pay for your needs" is in every Republicans DNA.

#BadDonni
Your words ring hollow LIES from a
failing Loser total fraud
COWARD w/FAKE
BONE SPURS
You haven't done
anything but TAKE
This is a disgrace, this our first family, horrid
.Are you serious? This draft dodger and his crooked family did not give you the freedom you enjoy, veterans did. He's cutting VA benefits.
When do we start? 10's of thousands living on the street while barracks in abandoned bases lie empty. Just DO it!
And why didn’t you? Heel spurs? lol that’s Rich Kid lingo for deferment. “Daddy, only poor people serve, right? I won’t have to, right?”
So we back on Clinton again? Trump is under investigation, he's corrupt a liar and insane! But it's Clintons fault right? Oh no it's Obama's
May I admire the great and brave heart of America. Kudos
Thank you President Trump!
Why r u not a vet. U should have served in vietnam, like McCann(got caught don't like that) Kerry & others.  Chicken Chicken Chicken.
Not really, no one is trying to invade you, it's the other way around you see
Ill gladly do it again 100×'s harder for a president who actually cares such as yoirself. Keep up the great work
Yet you disparaged John McCain. You have serious problems. Get help for your mental instability. No joke! #25thAmmendmentNow
Amen to that
HAPPY 4TH. BE HAPPY YOU LIVE IN AMERICA. TRAVEL, YOU WILL SEE AMERICA IS THE BEST, THE MOST BEAUTIFUL.
Beautiful to see
We love our veterans...
You intend to decimate their healthcare. So by "take care of" you mean kill?
WTF does "poured your love" in defense of our country even mean? Donald you are a straight up dunce.
and yet, i have to travel many miles for med care..after begging for over a year to look at my http://pain.now  serious neck prob
Which you were too much of a coward to do.
Even those that were captured?
Even Mc Cain ?
Liar. You cut their funding now trying to take their healthcare away . LIAR LIAR

Why did you not go to the Military? Punk!!! CHICKEN!!!
A lot of us vets know your a #FakePOTUS U R alienating our allies & selling us out to our adversaries. Shame on you. #DraftDodger
#impeachtheduck
#bloodyhands
#impeachhulkrowdydonald
DRAFT DODGER !

Fake News. 
Feed your BS to your base that doesn't know the truth.
Kellyanne also lied about the success of the "Choice" program on CNN.
WE LOVE U MR. PRESIDENT !
President Trump:
We voted for you, we trust you, we stand by you and behind you.  Make America great again.
lloyd
Realllly? How phony. Draft Dodger. Bet those little bone spurs don't hurt in golfing?
That's why you want to cut their healthcare. Programs they need.  Are you really this ignorant or just don't give a damn? Sad man child
Adjectives for you to learn: http://www.thesaurus.com/browse/great 
Poured your love? Wtf does that mean? More empty words from an empty so called person
What is your plan to care for our vets? What care have you put into action?  Declaring something isn't the same as doing something!
Except when they want to row down the Potomac by your golf course, then their not so great. What a joke.
God bless our troops and president also my son Sargeant Bernardo Lundy who served this great  country.
So says our first draft-dodging putzident!
Thats why you take away Meals on Wheels?
So you're not going to have a healthcare bill that slashes billions of funding, which would directly impact veterans in a horrible way?
Crook.
Except for the effect of Trumpcare, then you screw them....
Your "great care" killed my father by giving him wrong the medicine
No, no your not taking care of vets
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
Unlike you who dodged the draft.
Go Mr Trump go behind you all the way
Wow!! An illegal sued Bcause R country enforced R OWN LAWS against him, AND HE WON, SO WE taxpayers must pay him. I'VE SEEN IT ALL NOW.
There was blood coming out of his anus; blood everywhere; fake news flowing from daily TWEETS…never ending stupidity…
Have you found the US Armada yet?
In other words, they're everything you're not.
And having you as commander in chief of them is disgraceful
Forgot to add...unlike me that dodged the draft many,many,many times.
You should take care of them, after all you were a DRAFT DODGER during VietNam, 4 or 5 chickenshit deferments.
