Thank you @POTUS for appreciating our Police. #BlueLivesMatter #PoliceWeek #MAGA
That's fantastic, how long until they come to arrest your treasonous ass?
Proclamation? You're president (for now), not king
We the Patriots of America WILL PREVAIL !!
Youuuuu succcccxkkkkk. Resign.
Trying to do something to take the heat off urself huh.....
We love you for loving #LawEnforcement
Thank you law enforcement officers
All over the country
Please resign
More pandering won’t help your situation @realdonaldtrump
345 people have already been killed by police this year. Are we paying attention? http://fus.in/2pVPYlt 
So we just gonna assume that they were all innocent people who complied w the officers?
So we just gonna assume that they were all guilty people and didn't?
We love you!!!
Finally a POTUS who respects our men in blue! No more BLM in the whitehouse!
hey, donald. donald. hey donald. hey. hey. hey donald. donald. 

IT'S MUELLER TIME.
(you can order this in a tee, mug, etc below… sorry Donald no XXXXLs available)
Why won't you condemn Turkey for their ambassadors who brutalized Americans on AMERICAN SOIL???
Syria
They will be there to see you soon
Did a staffer finally take away your phone?
Praying for you and your family we have your back get a new COS.
Like a true Fascist. You are going to go down as destructively to our nation as is possible. You are guilty of treason. #TrumpTreason

Ironic proclamation as u keep evading the law, & allow dictator henchmen 2 BASH US citizens, @realDonaldTrump. #CUCK
"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek"
Proclamationhttp://45.wh.gov/sLr2xt 
#ThankACop #LESM 
Don't kings make proclamations?
.@cassiebeanz Aye, verily they do, my friend.

With surety.
Don't kings make proclamations?
Why don't you proclaim donnie j. trump releases his tax rerurns today day
You cant proclaim shit like that #getthefuckoutofhere
How is your day going? Please don't resign. As long as you are president the Republicans' asinine agenda is going nowhere. FIGHT TO THE END
Sucking up to the cops....I wonder why!
I will thank every cop that drags you out of The White House.
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst

How does that pit in your stomach feel this morning? Gotta be all you can think about.
#IgnoranceIsBlissFallAndThatWhatYouAre!
Trumpie the Clown Proclaims 2017 as the YEAR OF IMPEACH THE MOTHERFUCKER #FULLOFSHITICUS







#StopDeStefano Please remove DeStefano, Dina Powell and HR McMaster
#StopDeStefano We are rallying around you Mr. President but we need a sign from within that you need for us to fight! Purge DC
Yet you have no words of condemnation for the #Erdogan #thugs who brutalized US citizens on US soil.
You really should #resign, Sir.
Good job hire him

Think they will have to special order those tiny cuffs?
Personally  im looking forward to the fall of the Clinton family with the unsolved murders ya know
That case is really gaining momentum
So is your departure from America, which is very cool
Unfortunately, your momentum toward anything resembling an idea based in reality has no momentum at all.
Fiction spouter!
Sure thing bro, have a cream soda and read a book  Maybe some day you'll stop having such limited vision
For what it is worth, I love everybody. I just get tired of people attacking our president. He's not perfect, but who is frankly.








Keep your eyes on the Prize, @POTUS.  WE ARE PRAYING FOR YOU as you travel abroad and restore America's place in the world as LEADER! 
No. You're the only one praying for him.
Ha ha ha ha there are millions millions of people praying for Donald J Trump the president of the United States of America Millions
There are millions wishing he'd drop dead too, so that kind of evens it out.
If I may expand on that great idea, how about we thank our Leo's every day of the week!! 
I hope you mean the birth sign  and not Leonardo DiCaprio flying around on his private jet lecturing us about climate change
By saying Leo's, I was referring to our law enforcement officers around America
Thank you
President Donald J Trump refers to himself in the 3rd person way too much. It's a sign that you are your own biggest fan SICK or BAD GUY
I don't think this is going to end well for you  Vlad isn't really your friend
Yes!! Can't wait until they are ALL exposed.
Just give it some time. Comey is about to spill ALL the tea 

"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek" Proclamation… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/865387523371143168 …...
And now the law is coming after you. For which I am very very thankful for. In a very YUGE way let me tell ya. #potus #notforlong #thankful
Please move to RUSSIA, @realDonaldTrump , & leave us all alone.
why should he move to Russia? If you don't  like what we voted then move
THANK YOU too SIR ... OUR MR. PRESIDENT!!!!
We love you president Trump keep up the good work. 8 years. I love you Barron and Melania thank you for your sacrifice
The people approve!! The media slandering you can be found on the blue areas! They will find something wrong with you finding cancer cure

. @realDonaldTrump should have given us all more notice, it's so fun & easy shutting down pro cop rallies
What do you have against the priests are you some kind of gangster wannabe
They coming to arrest you soon. Building loyal supporters?
Thank You, Mr. President !
Let Trump and admin know that we support him ! Fight for what we voted for and support him to achieve what he promised to do !
We are so happy that you take an active and verbal stand on the value of police and military.  They need to hear your positive remarks.
انت اوسخ ريس
I  MY President! Ever since @POTUS 45 was elected, people have been markedly happier & more social, not to mention   retail spending! 
3rd person?..really?!?..#narcissist
Tweeted by his staff I'm sure.
Duh statement this president supports the police unlike the previous one w his war on cops.
Nothing wrong with supporting police, but u got to admit the 3rd person proclamation is a bit narcissistic ..it's on his account not POTUS
you are concern about the twitter account instead of police. Liar!
John, do yourself a favor and get off twitter.
why don't you get off twitter???
Omg. Another "Day" proclaimed by Trump. Are they paid days off of work, Trump? Oh, only for those who make over $250,000 a year. I see.
I notice you never complained about Obama spending our money entertaining Beyonce and Jay-Z his fellow drug dealer in our White House
Good name for it since you're going to jail
who Hillary and Obama the real criminals

Thank you to all the men and women in law enforcement !!  You're awesome!
Except for the Hispanic, black, muslim, gay, female, non-Christian, democrats... Did I miss any?

This is in quotation marks AND third person.   Hey, Trump supporters, what's this mean?? Please translate.                           Liar!!
Good thing you didnt fire #COMEY during #PoliceWeek or that could've really blown up in your face.
Why do you tweet in third person?? #impeach!
Great job Mr. Trump getting America back as global leader.  When you get time small coal operators still need your help E KY in particular
I'm not saying police don't deserve recognition, but a week?  That's a little much.  Considering veteran's only get one day, you know?
Big deal! It's done every year! Trump turns on a light and acts like he invented electricity!
Thank you... Love your work......
Wondering whether anyone got arrested after the melee outside the Turkish embassy. This from Fox News:
Thank you for thanking them!
#FuckThaPolice They're nothing but Corporate Stooges. Y should I thank them? #SCOTUS ruled that they have no obligation to #ProtectAndServe
You just be locked up by them traitor
He actually didn't attend college
It was already National Police Week long before you took office.
I'd like to thank a honest cop, unfortunately we seem to have a shoot first police policy, & then get paid vacation.
Obstruction of justice - that's what trump stands for!
Hail mother Russia.
Special counsel Roberts Mueller should resign. He has relationship with Comey. Conflict of Interest.
Idiot
I didn't realize there were so many people there, from TV it looked like there was just a few.
Bring back segregation and small town America and we can police ourselves. White ppl aren't the problem!
Trump train loves our men and women in blue
I love so much trump
Here's how much @realDonaldTrump loves law enforcement:
"Comey understood Trump's people as having neither knowledge of nor respect for the independence" law enforcement. http://bit.ly/2qB8YJ4  

Wow! What a difference that will make in the lives of all Americans. <sarcasm sign>
I ask again....Please don't put a Dems in FBI position..and stay focused!!!
Also we must defund Planned Parenthood and move our embassy to Jerusalem also our VA Hospitals are not getting attention it needs!!!
Police? That includes the FBI right? Hahahahahaha...!
#fakepresident is a fat liar. #ImpeachTrump
Just what we need, more cops beating up innocent people
Proclaiming a week that was previously proclaimed.  Just like you.  Attempting to take from previous procedures
But the last 8 years we were indoctrinated to hate the police. So glad he won and not the witch of Chappaqua.
Proclaim this, you orange twit.
a request to The Donald, aka Mr. President...A hospital in Clearwater Fl has initiated a living will FOR A BROKEN LEG !
then it's #Bodycount,#MDC week
Love our police force! Thanks for all you do to protect America 
Never saw Obama have a pro law enforcement rally !! Always anti cop , pro criminal, pro criminal illegal immigrant!! Refreshing change !!
Thank You!
Everybody duck!!
You sure like to write your name out, don't you?  Very immature to my way of thinking.
He proclaims it on the 19th?!!!!
how Manet young adults will make to college under your new education plan.
Does that come a few weeks before #PrisonWeek ?
The KING has spoken. All hail the KING.
Maverick Proclaims that the orange colored con man will be going to prison.
Until they just couldn't
Beautiful job.

For
Rev. Jennyfer T. Causer
Ahca bill is needed to be tweaked about subsidies and preexisting conditions.need to highly focus on this,ignore others
Thank you.
It's national "Get Stomped By Turkish Thug Week". Find a spot and get stomped. BOUS....Local cops join in, and not only that, you get jailed
TAKE THEM ALL TO RUSIA THEY LOVE YOU HERE THEY LOVE YOU THERE PUTIN WILL GIVE EM CITIZENSHIP THEY LOVE DICTATORS
Gross
Keep up the GREAT WORK. JT. 
Thank you for backing the Blue, Mr. President.
Maybe you and Anthony Weiner can be cell mates since his laptop won you a presidency. 
#ImpeachTrumpNow #Resistance #ResistTrump
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Awesome!
You need to highly focus on addressing The Preexisting condition in GOP healthcare bill,ignore media biases,focus on this

Go Blue as we support and@Love you!
I hope the good cops win over the bad ones. Nothing more scary than corrupted cops.
still somewhat prevalent, esp. in the big cities.
@realDonaldTrump  CAN WE PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS RADICAL LIBERAL GROUP ANTIFA!! OUR MILITARY SHOULD BE DEPLOYED HERE IN THE USA
Mr. President please make an example out of Anthony Weiner! The destruction of our Youth through pedophiles of our government needs to stop!
Sorry but John F. Kennedy beat your dumbass to that in 1962.
American Citizens Proclaim the big orange ape Donald J Trump and his pig  family will be thrown out of OUR White House by August 2017.
Donald what size Orange jumpsuit do you wear? It will match your hair perfect!
God Bless and protect our police officers from Soros!
Tell that to the police who beat peaceful protesters
Great. The police can investigate your dirty dealings and arrest your 
God Bless ,Our President Donald J Trump
Interesting switch after insulting cops recently.
Can you make policies to hold them accountable when they fudge up? It'll protect them & our public. Also plz resign Sir.
Don't be fooled, trump admin doesn't care about cops bc they are poor by default and we see how he thinks about poor people.
Uh huh> In 1962, Kennedy proclaimed May 15 as National Peace Officers Memorial Day and the week in which May 15 falls, National #PoliceWeek
Maybe you could give a speech talk about yourself show how much you respect slain officers by laughing and throwing your hat in the audience


Your always are trying to put a smile  on someone face you bring warmth to their Souls 
From "proclamation" to "proclamation," from "National Day" of this to "Nat'l Day" of that & from EO to EO, it looks more like d Soviet Union
Pure ignorance Eliana. Next time you need a cop, call a Russian.
Is that where you round up the immigrants, the gays, and the women???
Love you Mr. President
lies of all there live next door and whatch out when the light go out
Proclaims?  Are you wearing a crown right now?
