Because they are not really concerned with cyber security but only crony capitalism
good morning donald
There is only a level playing field if the DEMS can have a look behind scenes of your 6 or so campaign managers as well.
American media, that is the people who exist in it , are nothing but psychologically corrupt and bankrupt characters!
There was no pass.Separate issues.I don't want our nation to be attacked by Russia & u should protect us from them.
thanks to God you've got Twitter. For crying out loud.
Hmm. What is it this morning that you don't want us to be paying attention to, with all of these smoke bombs you're sending
From watching your debate performance, I’d say you wouldn’t have answered any question you had advance knowledge of.
Tax Returns? Media is giving you a pass!
given Obama's logic, we should expel Donna brasil, Debbie Wasserman Shultz and many DNC members
Yes, was @CNN hacked by the DNC and stole primary debate questions, or was it an inside leak job at @CNN? #MediaBias
https://medium.com/@TrumpTimer/day-21-little-spoon-trump-curls-up-next-to-big-spoon-putin-aad484fedcc5#.7artb9l4p …
imagine all the racist emails directed at Obama by you & the GOP over the last 8 years

With respect, Mr #Trump the media reported on the debate questions and the DNC chair was fired. There is no double standard
一切都会过去的
坚持
You got 4 times the media coverage than H.  Any press is good press. Stop whining
You stated "I know a lot about hacking"....makes me wonder did YOU hack the DNC?
SOMEONE TAKE HIS PHONE!
@DSteibing great job Mr president great respect for your work.the left needs to cool down from jo1009@ptd.net
they didn't give her a pass, they gave you a pass on a lot of things
Media is DIRTY.
Not trustworthy. 
LIARS.
TWO-FACED.

Corrupt #FakeNews Networks. They Have NO CREDIBILITY
Special Privileges as "Reporters" must be removed. Only Fake Tabloids
You don't completely control the media, although you would like to.
Shut up

Trump Supporters follow me 
, only person getting a pass (and path to the White House!) from the media is you. The media (left and right) created you.
I don't even watch Fox News and I saw more on Trump than H or S
.@realDonaldTrump This is getting really desperate and sad
.@realDonaldTrump He might as well be implicating himself in cooperating with the Russians.
.@realDonaldTrump Continuing to deny all evidence that the  Russians were involved hurts our national security and faith in intelligence
Dude, you won. You're about to be President. Get the fuck over this shit already. For the love of Tap Dancing Dildo Gods. @realDonaldTrump
no you need to grow up and understand corrupt media and government.  It's ok no more trophies for everyone.
That's good Tracey because you certainly would win a trophy for douchiest twitter profile.
I guess that's because I'm a vet and I work!
I'm also a Vet, and I work, but I'm not a douche!
If you're a Vet then stop pushing others down to lift yourself up. Extend a hand instead.
Really?  I deployed to the Middle East 26 times for you to have the right to voice your opinion.
Wrong. Our rights do not exist because you also volunteered for service.
get real trumpy
@Olavarriajs CNN needs to  apologize to Trump for that and the recent fake news. @CNN
.@realDonaldTrump Hillary lost. Donna Brazille's career is over. DNC is in shambles. I'd hardly call that a pass. You, on the other hand...
it WAS a headline on every news media. What are you talking about???

But still a billionaire. Even when he lost big, he got up and still came out on top.
you need to check facts before tweeting. Not to mention the millions to china
Hmm... I wonder how he still owns ALL of the properties he owns around America.
WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

GET OVER IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Maybe your just jealous because you know she'd have done a BETTER job than you are!
garbage press garbage power democrats all garbage
I believe in you Donald,Congrats President Trump
Mr. President The Deplorables, stand with you. We support you. Give them hell.
you call these things terrible but you think Russia had no hand in hacking.. how idiotic
Why don't you say the system is rigged anymore? Was it only rigged if you lost? Was it only rigged against you? ???
DNC rigged the election or Ole Bernie would have been your candidate.
But does Trump think it's still rigged? That's my question. And what will he do about it?
drain the swamp....lol....he started with Hillary.
According to Trump on thank you tour, that was just something he said because "it played well"
media gave you free airtime, which is how u got elected
free bad air time is all they gave him
i saw loads of free airtime with no negativity
I seen way more negative than I seen positive on msm only fox treated Trump fairy
how is literally putting a live camera on him treating him unfairly?
are you freaking kidding me beating cussing cutting his head
I would keep digging up that skeleton, with pictures and graphs like Perot.
Of Course Trump will try to blame the Democrats. He's guilty as hell, what else would the animal do? #TrumpIsAJoke #DQTrump
YOU are the puppet remember? We all need to WATCH the debates again. You'll see how BIGLY YOU ARE OUT OF YOUR BIG LEAGUE
#TheDonald is always cranky, shows mental probs, must have been colic baby OR NOT enuf love. He's UNFIT #BLOTUS
maybe a binkie also.
<He needs an intervention forced to resign or impeached, placed in an institution for observation!
@DianneH4 I vote all of the above!
DJT is a whinylittlebitch OR sick w/Alzheimers if he is still talkin' debates?! F'in A, this is serious!
well, thing is, pretty sure he is bat shit crazy AND a manbaby. Probably the most dangerous in power
Oh, you mean like the millions of $$$ in FREE coverage they gave to you and no one else? Must be fake news
@donlemon @BrookeBCNN @KatyTurNBC @AC360 @ABC @maddow will never talk about the actual emails. Must protect the Dems.
Dude, you won, just stop!
timezones are literally so weird. it's 2017 in the blue states but 1924 in the red states   
.
.
https://twitter.com/TOUCHlT/status/815285355876417536/photo/1pic.twitter.com/5wIRujAvad 
Footage of Mike Pence exorcising the homosexuality out of me at Conversion Camp https://twitter.com/RicheyCollazo/status/802789435813150720/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ASfvTxpjft 
Any one who references L'il Kim obviously a child and is irrelevant.
Oh please, that was funny as hell and you know it TIGHT ASS.
hold a presser release ur tax returns release ur wife's work records tell us ur plan on HC ur a fraud #TheResistance
he doesn't read your tweets 
so what ? I'll voice my opinion as I please who r u w/ur 4 followers ? F*ck outta here mouth breather
only person still worried about HRC getting debate questions is you. Rest of us worried about Russia cyber attack on USA
"muh rushins, muh cyber attack"  please stop embarrassing yourself
Just because Sec Clinton has a brain and knows what she's talking about doesn't mean she got the questions ahead of time
You received questions too. This was published.
media would never know the truth/nor tell us . they are evil and generated by evil people with a destroy us agenda
Trump a much bigger liar and scam than any media outlet. Stop buying his BS
oh my well maybe so already 200 plus years of lies and bs so a little more wont really hurt
200 years of lies?? Sounds like you need to find another country.
clearly i dont, since may1,1776 the elite have run politics, media, money, and more i despise them all they ruined us
you need to find a new country. You are brainwashed by fake conspiracy
God will handle it all i do not rely on any person, trump is president and obama may still call martial law see how that helps you
Still mad at Hillary? #HillaryWon the #PopularVote 
No one respects you. You are #DumbDonald
An embarrassment to America.
please explain why you think the popular vote is relevant at all. Do you not understand why its meaningless
The MAJORITY of Americans CHOSE @HillaryClinton SHE was the WANTED #POTUS 
@realDonaldTrump is a #Loser
Cheeto Head, you're upset. I understand. Really. Feelings hurt. You're not liked by the majority. Fill this out....
you know that President-elect Trump does not read your tweets, right?
Of course! But his stupidity needs to be addressed. His supporters read them too.
Your man is essentially on trial in the public eye for treason. PROVE to us that he's not guilty.
"PROVE to us that he's not guilty."  lmao you never learned how the justice system works in the US, did you
Of course I did. Again, your man is on trial. Prove to us that he's not guilty.
u mean "prove his guilt"? Until then, a man is innocent. srsly never heard "Innocent until proven guilty"??
GRIZZLY STEPPE report has no evidence! Read it - http://tinyurl.com/h4mm3w3    - Why not investigate this report? No evidence
#realproblem
They tried to dry hump you. Never forget that.. They lie,cheat,distort, and misrepresent..
but jail him in 2010 , how pathetic !!
Don’t lie to the American people. Tell the Republicans you won't allow them to cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid!
president Trump we thank you for your truthfulness and honesty and you're out right guts to inform the American people.
try using @realDennisLynch as a trusted broadcaster for your news, he only reports truth like @DiamondandSilk
leaking Lindsay Graham's cell # as revenge, refusing to discuss an ounce of solid policy during the campaign...

No pass. Just the Russian hackers giving you a hand!!
there brain is fried to one cohesive warped mentality
have them a pass on china hacking into is government officials account, but Russia...No . Obama trying to start fires
that's what I say, media cover up 4 @HillaryClinton questions in advance. What about what's in the emails. Real criminal HC
nothing compared to your treason.
buckle up buttercup - you've seen nothing yet! We will fight you till our last breath!
Term limits will drain that swamp!!! love ya
Wait for your intelligence briefing before proving you're a fool.
don't you have homework to do??
...calling Obama the founder of ISIS and "crooked Hillary" the co-founder, trying to force Mexico to pay for a wall...
you seriously have a sickness, have you ever state psychiatric care? We have a right to know the answer to this question!
LIAR!  I guess you only lie when your lips moved. You are a liar and a fool who will destroy this country.
It must be hard to have to wait for a meeting that will clarify the Russian connection, but pls try. Just a few more days!
.@realDonaldTrump Don, liberals don't know how cnsrvtves think. We know liberals bc since they run higher education, we r educated by them.
someone is setting you up for failure and you don't even see it! Save yourself before it's too late!
AND PUTIN HELPED YOU GET ELECTED TRAITOR! YOU SHOULD BE LOCKED UP FOR TREASON!
andate a la chucha
omg..... You're such a waste of spac.

can't get over you LOST THE POPULAR VOTE? News flash ur losing GOP daily to with your CRAZINESS! Keep up the good work.
the double standard is that ppl elected you while you were publicly bigoted and yet demonized a woman over a server. #gross
you have such a lapse of memory. You received millions of $$ worth of free coverage and still had to cheat to win!
That is why you won! They were lying over and over again.  Corruption,greed.! People are  not that stupid ,as they thought.
...inviting Russia to hack into HRC's emails an international TV, after stressing the confidential nature of said emails...
are you saving Macy's jobs too?
what they did was actual election tampering
AND SHE LOST,,,,,,,AND THE MEDIA IS LEARNING ???
They are the ones creating hate! BLM should become Domestic Terrorism!
don't throw baby out w/bath water- keep the good and replace the bad @SenDeSantis @SenTedCruz @SpeakerRyan @MikePenceVP

get rid of health insurance altogether, leave that to the private sector.
remember when you fucked an empty chair during the debate? That was more disturbing.
In my opinion, this is illegal - corrupting an American Election. Who did this?
Are you still running a campaign?  Sure sounds like it.
So U throwing 14 up too huh??? Damn shame...gang banger for a pres...
You tell the truth
& why r u still lying, #TrumpTheRump. Seems that u r stuck n the mud & want 2 stick America. Go do something good 4 people.
trump is dank
My fellow Mexicans I urge you not to buy Ford cars, let's make they gone for good, buy German, Japanese or Korean cars
You just lie and lie.It's just pitiful. You big orange pitiful baby. Step down,we don't need a lying crybaby for president.
Putin must have some really good stuff on you.
are you kidding?
The banana Republicans are in charge now. Why are you so hung up on campaign? You lost by almost 3MM but still won #nutcase
- you are in bed w the Russians and had knowledge of Russian hacking to steal the election.   U will be the biggest scandal
Clinton did not get debate questions before the debate with you. Check your facts.
you gave them a pass. Loser
quit releasing rabbits for people to chase.  Time for you to start telling the truth.
- you seriously have a sad life with all your tweets. Get out into the real world #Presidentchump
Talk about given a pass Your doing that with Assange. He migh expect you to pardon him He helped you win by destroying DNC
I'm sure they will say the Hackers wrote the emails also ! What about the CONTENT !! It's not just about the hack.
shut up already.
Shut up on Twitter already! Try acting like a President!!
@JoyceGr89853503 tRump got questions from Ailes called Kelly night b4 debate tried to bribe her. Funny U don't mention FACT
The anti-trumpers want to see you FAIL at every level! Please succeed with ALL that you do! You don't need to conform!!
No the pass that the media has given is to you for being a habitual LIAR!
No., They gave U passes to. Lots of them. Next
it's right to attack the Dems because they haven't stopped attacking us Schumer is head clown he deserves it
Are you still living that lie?  Omg DJT you won, move on and stop with this stupid tweeting that won't change that you lost
U still talking bout H? Good diversion tactic the first 1000 times u used it.
Um, quit making stuff up. Or should I say, WRONG.
what do YOU care? Media practically gave you a career.
I know right! She received debate questions, you embraced support of an exiled criminal and a tyrant. Damn media!
Maybe you should try reading your tweets out loud to see if they make sense before posting them.
you have to much time on your hands get a job
your social media is more dishonest than any public media forum. The Nat'l Enquirer is more honest than you. Clown.
Really? Stepien, the number two man in the Bridgegate criminal conspiracy, as your WH political director? Kellyanne's idea?
You got your own Pass with the Crooked FBI and #Putin getting you elected. So shut up and drive!
SO YOU REALLY WANNA TALK DOUBLE STANDARDS AND HYPOCRISY?
Mayors of sanctuary cities will be subject to arrest under Trump. So quit youre posturing.
Maybe health care should be given back to each state. It's only the free/low Income ppl they don't know how to handle.
and when are you releasing your tax records?
Harry Reid invoked the nuclear option.  All of your appointments shoul be approved by simple majority.
Russia gave you a free pass! #growup #bepresidential
not factual. You lie enough people stop listening to you. How's the job prep going?
You really should be careful of the company you keep, Mr. POETUS. Ppl might get the wrong idea!
I think instead of e-mailing their racist comments they should have written it on a piece of paper and sent it by courier.
terrible   So in - American
the question that was n email was about Flints water More like sharing the obvious. Town hall in Flint question bout water
real share Really everyone believing there was question shared needs to read the email. But of course u need sometime to
distract from your behavior: allowing an outside force to interfere in our democracy! The answer is we protect each other
and all info provided should be considered fruit from a poisonous tree!
Sigan comprando Ford!
And how about Assange and Wikileaks hacking for you and then you saying they are better than the @CIA..
you are so dang delusional. Grow up and put on your grwn up pants
how about  hillary clinton  is smarter than you. # sniff  sniff at the debates #you can't  handle the  pressure
It's really going to be fun to watch you eat crow after U.S. security briefings expose your Russian boyfriend hacked DNC
Your "Movement" means nothing to us... That you got elected shows how upset people are with the gridlock.
blah blah blah. Stop deflecting Trump. We are not falling for your shallow diversions. Grow up.
can you please give 1 example of a country where YOU believe the Media functions(ed) properly? Any era/place..
Obama urges Americans to uphold U.S. Values the problem is that HUMAN VALUES are UNIVERSAL  a fact in a MULTIPOLAR world.
The Dems are so busy being Crooked that they act recklessly. You get careless when you spend your career scamming. #MAGA
