.@LaraLeaTrump and I are excited to announce the birth of our son, Eric "Luke" Trump at 8:50 this morning. 
Poor kid will spend his life living down his grandfather's treason
Idiot
Such a precious addition to our First family. Congratulations @potus & @flotus.
Please stop pro-creating. We don't need any more thieves or #KKK
She blocked me!
Congratulations grandpa!!
Yes. Congratulations!
.
Condolences to the child born into a crime family .
We are so happy God blessed your family AND AMERICA with Another Trump  #Trump2020 #MAGA
SHIT HAPPEN
What's with the quotation marks around his 2nd name are you implying it's optional? or  disapproval ..did you want to call him "Damian"?
Poor baby, the Trump name isn't something to be proud of.
Congratulations to you and the Trump family! What a beautiful baby! God bless
Congratulations Welcome  baby to #MAGA POTUS.
Bless this new Trump
This is what life is all about people. All the money & power can't ever supercede the love of family! 
Hey Trump how about some sympathy for the young boy who was almost lynched in New Hampshire poor excuse for Commander and Chief!
Congratulations and blessings!!
Congrats Always great 2 welcome a new life into d world new beginnings per--> https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation%2021:5&version=AMPC … birth brings renewal!! #Iexperienced
So Blessed this family is.
 new 1st baby!
GBOTUS!  Grand baby of the United States!
We didn't need another Trump.

Maybe this one will grow up to apologize for the catastrophe of the rest of them.

Sanders, since your folk..
..enjoy telling women what to do with wombs, I will in kind offer the same to you.
Don't breed again. There are also enough Huckabees.
Y'all's babies might take the job of a more deserving more qualified immigrant.
Btw, there's a country song that seems fitting...

"Mama, don't let your babies grow up to be white supremacists"
A case for forced sterilisation of the entire Trump clan. That they breed is sickening to the entire world.
Oh my
OTT?
No way... perfect!
I actually feel sorry for this little guy,, he will have all the material things he needs but no good moral compass to direct his life-Sad
Congratulations to you all!
Congratulation too. I hope he won't grow up to be like his father or grandfather. Wish him well and much good health.
Mazal Tov 
Congrats...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Congratulations to my new Security Analyst, Eric "Jesus Christ" Trump. He starts next week and I hear he's pretty good. #MAGA
That's all we need is another Trump in the world God help us
What a Blessing from Yahowah, the Father in Heaven
Proud Grandfather!!  Congrats.  He's beautiful.
Congratulations President Trump and family
You Trumps are like rabbits. Another one we have to pay Secret Service agents for.
Future baby President lol
Congratulations on the birth of your newest grandchild @POTUS @FLOTUS all the best of health & happiness to the #Trump family 
Congratulations on your newest grand baby.
Congratulations@
Thank you President Trump for everything you have done and for fighting for us we support you and love you keep up the good job
It spawns.
Mazel Tov!!! Congratulations Eric & Lara!!
Too bad Lara isn't guaranteed paid maternity leave.
@xAmericanPridex @EricTrump @LaraLeaTrump CONGRATS!!!! From GA
"Eric Luke Trump future America president "
Congratulations!
Grandchildren are a BLESSING !!
Congratulations!! God Bless You & your Beautiful AMAZING Family ! 

He's perfect! I LOVE MY PRESIDENT!! God bless YOU and your family! God bless AMERICA! #MAGA
Beautiful baby! Congratulations to you all!
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
#FireSarah
Congratulations to you both
Congratulations to Eric and Lara Lee, and to you  @Potus for your new Grand Child!
Adorable baby boy, Congratulations!
Congratulations!
So precious. 
Congrats Lara and Eric! God bless all of u.
Congratulations and blessings!
Sweetest.
Congratulations
Congratulations!! All the best
Who actually are these lowlifes who would troll on the #POTUS announcement of the birth of his #grandson? Oh I know...#proabortion losers.
Equivalent to demons as far as I'm concerned
So true. They are a disturbing group of parasites...
Congratulations 
hey gramps! congrats!
Some people should not be allowed to procreate. As soon as their born snip snip
God Bless 


Hey sorry for your continued ignorance in supporting a Dictator Moronic Liar.
I read your profile. Cough ignorant cough. Crazy cough cough. Sure that’s ok
Congratulations he’s adorable , From a Deplorable with love lol
Congrats on your new grandchild!!
Congrat Eric and Lara
Sweet baby. Congrats!
He's beautiful, oops handsome, congrats and God bless.
God bless this child
*****DivineBlessingsLuke*****
As I know very little about any of my grandchildren and stay as far away as one can. Including that other son I have,what's his name? Barry.
Luke is a real beaut. Congratulations
CONGRATULATIONS
So darling, DEFINITELY a TRUMP! 
God Bless Him..
CONGRATULATIONS GRAMPA...
Congratulations! Good health to all.
CONGRATS TO YOUR FAMILY. THE TRUMP'S ARE A GREAT AND BLESSED PEOPLE.
Wow, CONGRATULATIONS!!! Beautiful child. :-)
Congratulations! May our Lord God bless and give His mighty favor to cover you and your family in Jesus name!
Congrats!!! So sweet!!! 
Congratulations President Trump!! He's a very handsome boy! @realDonaldTrump
Beautiful 
trumps should not procreate.
Congratulations n- hope 4t.hee best
Wow you sound so excited to be a grandfather again
Congratulations Mr. President What a little cute :)
Congrats to Eric and Lara and to the proud grandparents! Nothing sweeter than a baby
Congratulations for their new born baby. God bless the baby and  them.
Not another one?
Congratulations!
@EricTrump CONGRATULATIONS!   You are blessed.
We are so happy for you and your beautiful family!  Welcome little one!  Your Grandfather is securing our safe future!  God bless our POTUS
Welcome to the clan. Don't be like the rest of them little guy.
The world prays for him. He's too innocent to realize he was born into the most evil family in America. Save yourself Luke--self deport.
What a sweetie Congrats
Glad they don't live in AMERICAN STATES potus doesn't acknowledge being ravished by fires!!! Lousy president!
I pray that he didn't  inherit his grandfather's mental illness.
lovely
Congratulations Grandpa!
That baby is cursed with the unholy surname. I pray for him 
Congratulations, Grandpa. I love being a grandfather!

Congratulations. Welcome gentle beam of love!
Congratulations to you  and the  first lady!
RESIGN YOU ARE AMERICAS' SHAME 
#ImpeachTrump #NeverTrump #TrumRussia
Poor kid. Disgraced by his own grandfather.
Another greedy BASTER  OMG PLEASE
So precious.
Gosh are they going to raise him to murder majestic animals for fun?
Another evil monster in the family , yay
Omg another one of them
@erictrump Do they allow kids that young to visit people in prison?  Won't it upset him to see his Grandpa in Orange Jump suit?
Please. Stop. Breeding.
Another Trump in the world is no big whoop...believe me! #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Congratulations
Mr Trump, please look in to cloud seeding HARP is engaged in to. It is very bad for our environment and that's a fact.
Congratulations to Grandpa and Grandma as well!!!
My husband and & me did not take a vacation or a day off since 1992 to secure a future for our family. Wells Fargo stole it all.
Congrats
Congrats! So, what post will you give him?
Where is the vaccine safety commission????
BILLIONS OF BLESSINGS IN JESUS REJOICE GREATLY NO MATTER WHAT I AM AN OLD PREACHER IN MÉXICO PRAYING FOR YOU Can u send one helper?
#Create,#Fix,#Manage,#FB,#Instagram,#Google,#Bing,#Twitter,#LinkedIn,#Pinterest  #Ads #Campaign For Your #business.
Cool.
Poor baby, to have to near that shameful last name
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations!
Congratulations to you and your family
What a beautiful blessing!  Congrats to everyone!
What A Precious Sweetie! Congrats To The Parents. Absolutely Adorable 
He is a gift from God all children are. I'd be careful what's said about the innocent children of God. Haters would your children be proud.
Congratulations Eric and Lara. Welcome to the world Eric "Luke" 
Blessings  to this little precious child !  
May the Lord bring you shalom!
Beautiful
Awwww so sweet. Congrats.
please cancel my subscription to your personal issues.
Congratulations, GrandDad! Man, Luke is a really cool name! God bless little Luke!!!
Are the "quotes" an official part of his "name"? If not, "why" did "you" and "Eric" use "them"?
This is the last thing we need, another Trump
Mr Trump, first you have to lead people around you, after that you can lead the world. You are most unliked President of US history.
Congratulations grandpa
GREAT.  Another Trump for the taxpayers to pay for!  Did she have insurance or was it repealed? How many SS guarding them at OUR expense!!!
Fuck that kid. Poor boy should be deported
He's beautiful!Congrats to u all
Congratulations Grandpa your grandson is adorable
I've never felt so sad for a little baby. Being born into such a vile family of vultures is cruel.
does he have the mark of the beast on him?
Fragile Tranquility on Twitter and FB public. I am a proud volunteer to those I know I can help and make a difference by being me.
Is that how his middle name is written on his birth certificate?  In quotes?  That's so weird.
Oh NO!! Not ANOTHER trump spawn! Yikes!  More Sociopathic tendency genes
Congratulations!! He is beautiful.
"Luke"?? What does that mean?
Congratulations to you sir, and the whole Trump family. A handsome baby boy !
They grow up so fast. In the blink of an eye he'll be killing elephants for fun.
Mr. President, would u like 2 miraculously guarantee ur re-election? Give Equifax the severe penalty & reform/secure consumer credit system.
Wonder what he'll change his name to.
This happens to those who don't know the vast list of names... @realDonaldTrump has son @DonaldJTrumpJr , and @EricTrump has a son Eric!
Great. One more innocent life to corrupt. #LeavenworthBound
Poor kid...
Congratulations to all of you!! He is a beautiful, healthy, blessed baby!!
CONGRATULATIONS ERIC & LARA & GOD BLESS YOUR BEAUTIFUL FAMILY!
Congratulations Grandpa!  Beautiful baby!
Oh, another Bastard trump brought into the world. God help us!
Congratulations to all! Especially Grampa
This really is lacking any emotion 
This is a new grandson
Right??
"Mysterious quotations marks" are a sign of ignorance and/or poor education.
God bless little Eric "Luke." He's beautiful & has a beautiful family.  God bless you also, President Trump!  Thank you for loving America!
Why is Luke in quotations? Is that his nickname? Why would you have a real name as a nickname, seems like a wasted opportunity.
Children are Blessings from God!! Congrats
Congratulations,
Thank you Lord for a healthy, beautiful baby,Grandpa made America Greater than ever before.
I don't like Trump at all!!
But this is a beautiful Baby congrats to the parents..
He's beautiful..
Cute baby. Shame about his grandfather...
Get out while you can kid
Great! Another #sexualpredator in the making or maybe he’ll become a great #hunter just like @DonaldJTrumpJr
Congrats Mr and Mrs President 
<3 <3 <3
Congrats on the new vampire.
Lol
The idiot son couldn't think of any other name than his own?
Better'n Donald, I guess
Congratulations on the new arrival.  Babies are such a blessing and you have been blessed with a beautiful son..
You mean be a man like Obama was a coward and backed out of everything he promised us? I’ve voted for Obama and he lied to me & Chicago
So, who got Lara pregnant.
Poor child. Another little soul born into a family of purest trash.
