you ever gonna finish this tweet?
his child like attention span is just too much.
He promotes hate, he promotes racism,he promotes bullying not my president ever
It's really easy to get a visa to leave. I wish you the best of luck. Buh-bye.
It's actually not...
No can't be done from easy chair but not difficult.

Audit Reveals CNN Social Media Followers Are ‘Mostly Fake’.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb7goR6eQHo … 
It figures
@ujji_ham  ono guy atiisa tiisa
Ahahhahaa Deborah wamanyu
Remember, to strike first, strike hardest, and overkill you're preparedness! Lastly, make your exit plan inflatable! That is the key!
Be tough; Be BRUTAL
Kim Jung Un is laughing his ass off at fat 71 year old with dyed blond hair, orange make up. Official NK news calls you #GoldenShowBoy
Really curious about your appearance?
Ur approval rating is abysmal & u think launching on N Korea will save ur presidency. Please don't get us or S Koreans killed.
why do you always look so awkward when you are reading what you have been told to say?
Warmongering again 
This is a man of greatness!!You would've never had a chance at anything if this man was not elected! 
1st time in decades I am proud USA

SEE - he is losing his "FAKE NEWS" battle, obstruction embarrassment and popularity- so he is starting to make WAR excuses to end it all :(
Have u any actual policy? Or is this just bloviation?
Stop warmongering! Get out of office and let Bernie truly fix this country!
Keep going @RealDonalTrump!   You're doing great!
Governor McAuliffe called me a "white right- winged extremist" because I support Donald Trump. Call me anything you wish!
And Congress is working to strip you of your War-Making Powers!!  GREAT NEWS!!  Never should have let a coward/draft dodger in the Office.
Mr President...you are awesome!
Love you mr. President keep up the good work don't pay attention to all the haters
#NoBanDvLottery2017
You'd think an ex-reality show host could recite a prepared speech w/more fluidity and conviction. #fraudpotus @StephenAtHome #FraudNewsCNN
Worst reality tv show ever!
Your reputation as the weakest and most ineffective president in all of history is not enough for you? Need to start a nuclear war too?
Right, lol  you are too busy tweeting to be a real leader
You have no idea how to work. You just talk. And cry about being a victim. Then you okay golf while Jared tries to play President. Loser.
OMG - she keeps touching her hair and then touching the food!! I wouldn't be in a hurry to taste her dish #masterchefau
So exactly what Obama did
Anyone ever tell you that you should look at your audience when giving a speech? I understand it can be difficult when you didn't write it.
Oh such hate! There are some really good people out there that can help you with your anger management problems! Call one!
That wasn't strategic patience.  That was Obama kowtowing like the little pansy he is.
If you think a Nuclear War with North Korea is going to boost the worst ratings in Presidential History... your sadly mistaken!!
Oh fabulous...since everything else u touch turns to poop emoji, why not give war a try...thanks fucknut
#MAGA
Please STOP
"closely with..."? What? Closely with what - covfefe? #UNFIT #Senile #DriftyMcDrifterton
Trump broadcasts his obsession with bleeding women for the world to see. Incapable intellectually and emotionally to hold office of POTUS!
It would be great for you to learn patience
Donald, we know that your last ditch effort to save yourself will be a war. We have your # !
Oh sure let's go to war.. nothing bad can come out of it. Especially w this @POTUS 
So what are you going to do?  Start a hopeless war?  What happened to #MAGA?  Just leave that guy alone.
Strategic patience -- that's a good joke coming from you seeing as you have none even in your pinky.
Totally distraction! He don't want you to know he not fighting ISIS but helping ISIS bomb Syria. He don't want you to know
Threatening North Korea is not in the U.S. best interest. You are aware that if they decide to launch an attack, that West Coast is hit?
You'll lead to more American deaths than W did with Iraq.

Why were you giving Mr. Moon the finger?
Your working closely with RUSSIA yes we know.
The era of dignity of office of POTUS has failed. That dignity is over.

Great job, Mr President!
Excellent! Finally a true president!

Who knows...
God bless you. MAGA! We support u. Don't believe the haters.
I TOLD YOU MANY TIMES THAT SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT IS A PUPPET OF COMMUNIST CHINA  !!!
DOES THE C.I.A. WORK ANYMORE?  THEY SHOULD KNOW THAT SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT IS A PUPPET OF COMMUNIST CHINA  !!!
The era of patience with @realDonaldTrump is over. It's time to deal with this menace.
Our fat, bloated POTUS is looking for another war!
Jesus sweet Christ!
Another war.The day thatUSAdissappear frm the earth as the greatest country as we know tday,that day ppl wil wonder why?
We have no patience for you Illegitimate lying crooked unhinged POTUS - you are a traitor & a blackmailer #TrumpRussia
Why does it seem like this is the first time Trump had read this speech.
You are not fit to lead this great country POSPOTUS!
The era of strategic patience with you is OVER! You sad little baby-man!
Looks like N Korea is in some trouble

Continue fazendo História , abraço do Brasil
Nodded off before he could type "covfefe"
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely with.... 
U R bringing us closer and closer to a war that is avoidable!
Dam u haven't been in office 5 minutes and now WAR! this was planned, just like ur election.   Sum1 is about to make $$. 3rd World America
I have an idea #POTUS. Tell No. Korea you're sending the entire Navy but send them the opposite way, how would they know?!
Will somebody please tell kim jun un that we have solar and guess where he can stick them bottle rockets of his...un...SOLRELIABLE!!!...LOL
God Bless you Donald Trump , it is different in Texas We all support you
Blah blah danger to humanity yak yak little man with toys of mass destruction blah blah mmacho braggadocio

trump is tired of playing footsie with n korea kim
With the Justice League ...
LMBO no!
He's a spoiled mentally deranged child who has never grown up. The world is just a vid3o game to him
You can get China to stop N.Korea immediately by threatening to pull US businesses out of China and not allowing them to sell products in US
Don't worry, Putin will tell you what to do.
The next N.Korean missile needs to be shot down once it reaches International Air/Water Space....they will get the message!
He don't no what he wants.release the Mexican.and take back to North Korea.(crazy Donald trump)
Those NK bastards need to get the nose they deserve, bloody and broken. Kim Jong Oink !
#Resist #RT #BS #LIAR
Weak, coming from a five time draft dodger like you!
So you gonna start bombing Kim with Tweets???
THIS is the kind of stuff that a Pres should tweet...not the petty stuff.
Russia?
You're going to start a war to save your bruised ego....
Love you POTUS
Remember the end of Obama’s failed North Korea policy of “Strategic Patience”.

Well done @realDonaldTrump
Heroism of Las Vegas police makes NFL protests look ridiculous!!!!
I'm for trump.. With love from Canada
You retweeted and thanked a Russian troll bot. You aren't fit to lead the country, let alone initiate a war.
Robert MUELLER demoted two FBI agents who warned about the 9/11 attack. Source: Larry Klayman, Founder/ Judicial Watch
YouTube CENSORS Video For Criticizing CNN http://www.infowars.com/youtube-censors-video-for-criticizing-cnn/ … via @realalexjones
Unfortunately there is no easy solution except for total annihilation of this country

#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentNow 
@gop @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Spend the money on Flint instead. Forget about starting wars in other countries.
Don't start a war to distract people from your BS.
Thank you President Trump. Stay strong. The bitter,nasty libs are ignorant, hateful 
Bumb them off the map!!!
When will action be taken before North Korea advances with its nuclear arsenal
Please let the military and Tillerson deal with this. You will mess up the world even more if you're involved. Golf and Tweet. It's safer.
Gotta love this President. Prouder than ever to be an American.
I stand with you President Trump.
??? Russia?
Doing a fine job Dude that's the reason we voters wanted you for President
Please make sure North Korea never obtains nuclear capable ballistic missiles that can hit the USA or Allies #MAGA #MASA
Everything they have simultaneously
@jokerfit time to put "lil Kim" in check. #MAGA!
I'm proud of what you do, say and most importantly the will to put the people ahead of yourself.  Keep winning POTUS!!
POTUS read the battle assessment for the region in case of all out conflict...Thucydides trap...Art of War is a book...read it!!
north korea is a threat that has to be delt with. Later will only lead to bigger problems.
What a co-inky dink, we've lost all patience with you.
Thank you for MAGA, Now if we can get the rinos behind you. Not to worry voters are ready to kick those opposing you out.
You are just itching to start a major war!!! Send your sons over there!!
Sir what r you going to do with Pakistan openly shown you your place by openly parading Salauddin within days after u declare him terrorist
Sounds like a "red line" threat. #BlahBlahBlah
China is laughing their ass off at you. SInce you talked with XI Ping trade iis up between North Korea and China by 30%. #TRUMPFAKENEWS
Traitor Trump-Please just go play golf or take a nap. Stop threatening other leaders. U don't know anything abt governing or foreign policy.

Don't start a war just because your unhinged!  Your 71 so what life doesn't matter!  Oh yay no according to your Deathcare Bill!!  #Resign
Mr President, pls get us out of S Korea - US has no national interest being there. Let S Korea defend themselves and deal w/N Korea.
All together Mr. Trump, but You are a single player without real friends. Go and the world will be better ... everywhere 
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika? That does not make any sense. America's patience with Congress is almost over! Impeach Trump!
...sticking Putins dick in my mouth.
@gmo_free_living @ajc11755 Yea and WTF are you going to do Donny! Put us into a nuclear fucking war with them? Lack of patience creates war!
You're the only president that has ever taken a stand against North Korea & the only one that's ever cared about their long-suffering people
Finish your tweet #asshat
American's patience with you is over. Delete your account
CAN YOU PUT PRESSURE ON CHINA AND SOUTH KOREA TO STOP KILLING AND EATING DOGS. THIS IS A SICK PRACTICE THAT NEEDS TO STOP!
Big talk.  Millions of lives at stake as you swagger around spouting bullshit.
You frighten the world one minute wth your threats to countries who have nuclear weapons & make us cringe nxt wth your delusional ranting.

@Shane_Murph show me another human being worse at reading things with inflection
You worry about terrorist from middle East when North Korea is threatening us with nuclear distraction. What are you doing about that?????
Nuclear distruction!!!!!
We're waiting. At this time you're supposed to take advice from your team of advisors with experience in the region...
Dont be silly @Thriftnick, @realDonaldTrump doesnt take advice from anyone
...Russia and my BFF Vladimir Putin to end democracy in America by laundering Rus $ into GOP PACs, suppressing votes, & spreading FAKE NEWS!
I will continue to CYBER-BULLY the press, defund FED protection of electronic polling & spread propaganda until #Putin runs America.
Just because you have tiny hands & a tiny penis now we have to threaten war with another country. Donald, you have no class! Just go home!
How do you know he's penis is tiny?
I noticed a pattern in his behavior. When he claims that there's "no problem down there," during a debate you can guess there's a problem. 
You are trying to start a war, any war, to distract from your Russian treason. We all know it.
The American people put you in office Mr. President please tell the Democrats to stay away from the lobbyist. The American people know exactly what the Democrats do with the lobbyist and what games they get from the lobbyist. If the Democrats fail to do this give them a pay cut!
Obama, Bush, and Clinton were #GlobalElitist, caring for nothing more than #Lining their #Pockets while #SellingOut: #USA! President Trump’s #AmericaFirstAgenda will #Work, when America #WakesUp! Hillary lost! Get over it! She was a #Traitor to #All #Good! Amen ...
Trump -#Obama administration's unsuccessful policy on North Korea - described as "strategic patience." Obama’s foreign policy #Label #NationalSecurityPaper in 2015: Challenges we face require strategic patience and persistence."  #Obama’s #Apology #Strategy: #Crushes  #USA! #Sad!
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely… htt...
President Trump is never #Idle! Always #Thinking! Obama, Bush, Bill, & #CrookedHillary can’t show one scintilla of #Love F/#USA, in  24 yrs, as President Trump has expressed in one #Short year! God Bless President Trump & #Israel! #Acknowledge #No #Power but of God! Romans-13:1.
Robert MUELLER HAD TO KNOW Russia was bribing U
It was the "rocket man", than "fire and fury" and now how about the "walking dead".
North Korea needs to be handled  with strong hands.
He won't because he still hasu't recovered from Smirnoff M.A. not giving him the popular vote.
i love donald trump
please act responsible Mr Trump. It's a complicated task but appreciate the active approach
Sorry to say but America is a failed state with no leadership
: It's supposed to fail..Chinese inspired Neo-Islamic-style plot for America to bleed itself dry.
It's Broderick tic-tac-toe "Wargames." "The only way to win is not to play..!"
what you gonna do yell at them on twitter in ALL CAPS? LOSER!
Here's the problem:

There's NO solution to NK other than a military one

We're  allowing them time to perfect their ICBMs

DEAR GOD... WHY?
Show your taxes @realDonaldTrump
No one cares about you Donald :-(
The release Yui.
Somebody buy this man a beer #MAGA
You're just saying it...
Loon
Can Donald Trump please tell me how much it cost him money to buy electoral vote's?
Please do not contact me again. YOU can come to WEST VIRGINIA FOR THE SCOUTS WHICH IS GOOD , BUT NOT STOP BY ELKVIEW ?
 BIG WRONG.
  DONNA
Trump is and will be remembered as the Greatest President of the modern world. He does not need your opinion to do his job.
Verified decision consensus,uniform attitude.
Get your own house in order
Take notes, North Korea knows what they're doing
Quick messages of support! Do not get caught up with this latest group of lies from the anti-america jerks. You are hugely supported!
Even women are getting rilled up and ready to fight for America
Exactly what has he done except play golf which he said he would never do. Belittles pvt. Citizens cyberbully which his wife opposes
Name the good jobs he has done
Dude just lick there butthole
Ja mein Gott
Wow reading a prepared script again! Clinton and Obama never read scripts they had brains and could answer ? off of the cuff!
Thank god for you President Trump. Finally someone with the strength to stand up for America
Good job, Mr. President.  It's great to hear an America First President on the world stage.   I was so tired of 8 years of lecture from BO.
...and Fake  News should be charged with terrorism!!!
dumassTrump so scare of North Korea is coming for you,(^o^)
Finish a sentence!  You are not a teenage girl, stop tweeting like one!!
You're ticking time bomb anger caused it get some help before you kill us all
Diplomacy is a skill learned over a long time. It differs from bullying and strong arm tactics of control. You have no ability to do it.
right blow them out of the water  and take south korea with it
