Tha t is wondreful Mr Trupm I hope the boy's and girl's were in sepret section' s
I hope the president didn't grab them by the cats!
Their was no cat's it was kid's
oh you're so sweet
Thabk you norton
You're welcome Phyllis
Phyllis my wife Im jim lmbo
Thanks joshua
Did you rant and rave like you did with the Boy Scouts? Any foul language?
NO one called you. LIAR! Liar In Chief!
How badly did you humiliate yourself this time, Trump?
Good Morning.
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks:… https://t...
Did you tell them about your unprecedented electoral win that was only unprecedented in your own little mind?
Great - that u want to hAve direct conduit veto the people.  (Unbelievieble how difficult it is to just tweetake about subjects)


leave
I wouldn't want my kids anywhere near you.
What inappropriate remarks did you make to THESE children?I can't bear to listen to you so CNN will have to tell me
Those poor kids get the chance of a lifetime and they get president clown boy , sad .
I am proud of you
keep your way strongly
change USA and world and make first

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA IS NO MORE.....CANNOT BELIEVE WHAT I'M SEEING AND THAT IT WOULD HAPPEN IN MY LIFETIME
She well and truly shot the bully trump down..good job lady.. bet Murkowsky gets voted in next time along with Collins
Did you talk about drinking on yachts? Did you curse? Did you grab the girls? Boys? Did you ramble on in a demented state?

OMG I'm afraid to listen.
They won't have a future to get to with on the helm. We all know your old sac is responsible for Barron's Autism. This is from an Aspie. 
That took a lot out of you didn't it, bet your hungry now  why not have a little snack, yum
http://www.Sprewellcare.com  http://www.Diabeticdiscount.info  #FreeRxCards #WEBWEALTHY #Trypod #love #instagood #refillwise #FamilyWize #wellrx #dxweb #i
My President! #MAGA
Bragging again! Can't help yourself, can you.
You're an idiot. It's official.
We  trans
Because trans people weather you accept it or not are part of the human race like you and I and deserve equality that there not given 
Super horrible analogy. Don't.

Barf.
At this camera angle You look really really #FATpresident
, Sorry to point it out, but you are as well. Strange.
OMG.  Just STOP.
Wonderful speech and right on the money!
no sex offender should be allowed around children, nor should an unstable man such as yourself.
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 2018 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
#ImpeachTrump one cartoon at a time 
Congrats on your merit badges!! You earned them!!
Omgosh enough, how did Putin put him in power? Stop trying to overthrow him.  Stop sucking up to globalism.
You want to look into foreign collusion?  Look into Russian uraniun deals and Mexico illegal immigration!!!
What have you accomplished so far? NOTHING! Pathetic.
Get lost!
Imbecile Trump
Every Liberal today
Liberals are so confused
Are generals tasked with planning for the economical ramifications of medical benefits?

Or the covfefe version
My mom has dementia. 
Trump's actions are full-on narcissistic, bigoted, self-serving, intolerant, inhuman EVIL.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. You have dementia also. Sorry.
Dear Trump
Trump - Stop traumatizing children!

#BoyScoutSpeech
Scouts:

trustworthy
loyal
helpful
friendly
courteous
kind
obedient
cheerful
thrifty
brave
clean
reverent

As Scouts, we were taught never to make our service about politics. Scouts are not supposed to appear in uniform at political events.
Psycho Trump scaring kids

"Obamacare is Death"

"Ignorance is Strength"?
The looks on the faces of these kids

As Trump goes nuts:  "Death, Death, Death"

Try fixing health care!
40 percent of all American children covered by #Medicaid

Stop Attacking Medicaid!
Remember warnings about what message Trump would send to kids?

It's worse than imagined
it was good to see you avoid talk of fake news, huge crowds, and party yachts.
You sure he didn't try to indoctrinate these kids too?
We know if there are any trans kids in the crowd who want to serve their country in the military, they need to find a new goal. SAD
Hopefully they will grow up in a country where Trump is just a bad name in the history books.
Someone wants to visit the White House? Amazing really.
Thank god, no bill clinton.
What a role model.
Trump lied about the BOY SCOUTS. A senior Scouts source says there was no call at all, let alone a call telling him his speech was the best.
#prevaricator
Quit tweeting news from 3 wks ago
@Twitter @TwitterSupport @TwitterVideo take this video down. Promotes sexual speech directed towards children. No laughing matter
Poor kids
One of our neighbors attended this and stated the boy scouts were thrilled with the speech. He told them to work hard! Obama never attended.
and then an apology had to be made, again
Poisoning our youth.  Isn't that a crime? What a colossal embarrassment you've become, sir.
i think his speech to Boy Scouts was child abuse.  
Powerful allegation…but I would have to agree.  Sad.
Thats not tr ue Lanolin
Stop trying to indoctrinate our young. What's wrong with you? Every action you take undermines our country. Last them be...
Sorry you are a lying toddler. NOTHING you say is worth my time. The real POTUS Obama is the greatest ever& you can't even reach his shoes
there was only 30,000 and it was a captive audience not a rally to see you. Parents are also mad you turned it political
It's Amazing what Obama did for our country. He focused on draining our money out of America that mostly helped criminals and killers
TRUMP WAS SO DISGRACEFUL that Scouts apologized for the "President" speech at Jamboree.
Thanks for ruining the youth of America you turd ball

Did you give them a campaign speech like the Boy Scouts?
Disgusting!
Hope you didn't swear at them like u did at Boy Scouts
Thanks for coming
You continue to be an embarrassment to US. You should never be allowed to be near children. #Trumprussia
What about queer 
What story did uncle Donnie tell today, I wonder. Something light, as in; "Johnny got a burning cross" perhaps?
Just wondering why we NEVER see pics of you and your son together..doing anything..anytime..you could spend your Twitter time with him..
stop autism
Mr President,  glad to see the young ones at the White House.  How did you turn the speech to be all about you?
Awesome President Trump as usual
Did you hit on any of those young girls #SCROTUS ? Degenerate in chief.
they hate you

You scared those poor children to death. Trump, you think you have a million dollar head but you only have a 10 cent brain.
@TuckerCarlson Kissel-like W St. J: wrong on AG since AG knew there was no collusion and >Rosenstein>Comey>Mueller>Obama/Hillary attorneys.
Apparently they didn't think it was so great...that apology and all.  Sad.
And yet you ignored a question from the audience.
The future of our great nation lies in their hands. Duty Honor Country God bless these young people MAGA Sam 2
I hope you told them how great you are, pfft
Yuck
Did u tell them about the cutting budget for  education ? And if 1 of them decide to be on  LGBT comunity they can't serve their country ?
Says won't talk about politics talks about healthcare reforms
You are a global embarrassment!!  #resignnow
Did you swear at them like you did at the Scouts speech? So shameful!
Like kids dont you? Can you bully them.
Hope you gave them your full,motivational campaign speech!  That always goes over so well with kids.....
Are these Nazi kids?
Congrats on being first president that the boyscouts had to issue an apology for. #FakePresident
Liberals say what...
You are a danger to children and should not be anywhere near them
A picture none of them will ever show to anyone unlike Bill Clinton-Winner. Probably laughing at fake President.
Did they get to meet the Russian Ambassador too? #sad #FakePresident
Yeah and they apologized to the scouts because of your ridiculous improper speech..my left nut is more presidential than you are.
You're awesome & we LOVE you.Thank You for standing for GOD. We've needed a good man like you so Thank you My President Good job keep it up.
I'm sure u can't wait for them to earn their Misogyny badge, Bigotry badge, Homophobe badge & Grifter badge.These seem to be your favourites
congratulations

I hope you got to reminisce about the election
Brag is the accurate description. As he tells it, he won by a landslide when you eliminate all those bogus votes. The word is annihilated.
Did you tell them a story about a guy and his yacht?
Did you tell the boys that it's cool to grab the girls pussy? Just like the president does!
I was a memeber of Texas Boys State 2017 and no matter if i disagree with you on anything or not you're still my president #MakeAmericaGreat
... NOTHING!!! Trump demands loyalty, But loyalty to Trump is only a one way street...
Can't wait to get them connected with Epstein can you?
First the Boy Scouts, and now Boys and Girls Nation, No Art Linkletter here....only a fool....Lock Him Up, Lock Him Up, Lock Him Up.
You should not be allowed near children. #TrumpRussia #impeachTrump
They just announced how embarrassed they are about your nasty and unpresidential speech. You sounded like a summon to nazi youth. Horrible
Did you tell them any raunchy stories about your friends? That went over so well last time.
WATCH- Dave (real name) @ShepNewsTeam of @MSNBC 'take shot' @POTUS whn interrupted by rude woman. #TimeAndPlace4Everything!
Did you turn it into a campaign rally again?  After all, you have no clue how to talk to kids.
Sorry to the boys and girls club but this keeps you from tweeting fake news
did you grab the girls by their pussy?
You are a National/International Embarrassment and Security Threat #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachPenceToo #LockThemAllUp #TraitorTrump
I heard this was 39 min long not a minute and 47 seconds of what I can't hear.
Your new little brown shirt recruits?
When are you going to welcome the transgender servicemen to the WH who you claim are. It fit to serve....hear their voices yourself!


"The Boy Scouts of America is wholly non-partisan and does not promote any one political position, candidate or philosophy....

Why do you like meeting with children so much
Eerily reminds me of Hitler's youth recruits in Nazi Germany... youths get together and cheer for the sake of cheering
I have compared him to Hitler because of how he has gotten citizens to follow horrible ideas
How do parents send their kids to see this sexual assaulter.  This is the guy who bragged about grabbing p***y.  I blame the parents.
If it was an honor you should have been honorable.
Rep 4 Boy Scouts issued apology for your bizarre political rally speech. U can't go 1 day without making a mockery of yourself. SAD
Great do-over, you awful hack. You've done more over the past 6 months to debase the office of the president than anyone imagined possible.
My advice: stay away from kids
They all hate you.
How can you get honor when you have none? This is your version of the Hitler youth. Rename the scouts Trump's Youth your such a putz
Your speech was inappropriate & disgusting.
Did you brag about your conquests?
Did you tell the boys and girls how the Boy Scouts had to apologize for you?
