I never thought I'd ever tell a #POTUS that he's talking out of his arse... #FakePresident #RoyalNavy #HMSubmarines
Still amazes me that the septics can't see what a tool @realDonaldTrump is. Feel sorry for their military.
Really? Because when these sailors were doing this recently, you were on the golf course. Not even a mention. Look up the date.
Unless they are transgender?
We've seen how he treats his "friends" like Sessions. He's a clown and only did this to the transgender community to make ppl talk (1/2)
GOD BLESS for all you do for our military&for America 
We LOVE YOU
Fascinating to hear a coward with FIVE military deferments school anyone on what it means to serve. Who knew bones spurs don't affect golf?!
Says the draft dodger in chief...
However it was the captain's stupidity that sank the Titanic!

Thank god everyone on that ship is a better person than you.
I love this People's President...Took down corrupt politicians, propaganda pushing media, socialists, facists, all by himself #MAGA
He is amazing!  I thank God for him, every day.
Get rid of equal oppty p.c. culture. Make the Navy great again.
And I'm sure they hated your treasonous ass being onboard and that they had to salute a Traitor and Russian Sympathizer
That would suck so bad to have to meet this guy. Can you imagine him being your superior. Glad I'm a citizen. Supposedly he works for us.
best reply ever!
Evertime Tump speak there should be someone to wipe away the BS from his anus of a mouth
I don't like him !
Rush Limbaugh Wonders Why The Media’s Ignoring this DNC SCANDAL? http://truthfeed.com/rush-limbaugh-wonders-why-the-medias-ignoring-this-dnc-scandal/94734/ … via @truthfeednews
Unless of course if they happen to be captured and become a prisoner.

Did you know it's not allowed to give orders to active military that are about politics? I know you don't care, but just an FYI Americans do
You had a captive audience so you begged for support. Then you Tweeted begging your own party for support. Weak, weak, weak, weak, weak
So proud of our country & our ppl . No greater.@POTUS Thank Lord for #Trump
Go Navy!!!!
Ret Army Col Lawrence Wilkerson blasted u for asking Navy 4 allegiance to ur agenda. Ur even losing military support! #ImpeachTrump
And YOURS is sinking.
Ayyyy, but the captain is rotten.  Step down big man
Except for the ones who get captured right? Or any Muslim sailors. Don't forget what you've said about our service members in the past.

In the era of GPS guided weapons and smart weapons we need the best technicians that we can develop and retain with good pay and benefits
Damn Straight Sir !!!
Wish we could say the same about the current president
Happy to see your handlers took over for a bit on your Twitter feed but alas come Sunday morning we see your little fingers back at it.
God bless you Mr. President 
dude, that speech was whack. As in bad.
#25thAmendmentNow #25thThe45th #TrumpRussia #FollowTheMoney
The WH is only as good as the @POTUS who remembers he's  serving the American ppl, not the #TrumpFamily. #TrumpFails #TrumpGetsAnF #Fraud
Thank goodness you never served on anything then, you draft dodger.
How proud they must feel to be serving under the best commander and chief in the world. I'd proudly do it again
And the Marines that serve with her! #USMC
I think u will find the British Navy is just as good  bigger is not better.
Messaged you my lovely xxx
On it 
#USSOBAMA #USNAVY
Hi
I watched the commissioning yesterday. So impressive!
What the hell do you know about serving you're a DRAFT DODGER instead of serving the country played Rugby in Central Park. Shame on you .
DOJ HAS NO RIGHT TO CUT A PLEA FOR HILLARY CLINTON! SHE IS A USA CITIZEN THAT COMMITTED CRIMES AGINST THE STATE AND PEOPLE. PRISON FOR HER!
Honorably discharged, U.S. Naval Radioman, 4+ years: me!
Naval Radioman, 4+ years: me.
Our President continues to improve our Military show your support. Our lives depends on it.
https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/890676366042988544 …
you have some nerve, as someone who has actually served onboard a navy vessel in service to our nation.
WH is a ship of fools
What if the ship made from tissue paper
The same goes for intell, it's the people, you need to go deeper then even the SEWER!!!!!!
Unless one is captured.
SOUNDS LIKE THE REPUBLICANS
ITS ABOUT TIME THEY ALL GOT BEHIND THE PRESIDENT
TO MAKE ONE GREAT TEAM
NOT JUST A GREAT LEADER
Who needs the phoney stars of Hollywood with this guy as President MAGA
Then get the eff off of it.
Our first president said it all
Don't say that Mr president were did you put great Russia.
Funny, not long ago you said our military SUCKED
Too bad the Commander in Chief is a draft-dodging, war-hero-disparaging, Russia-colluding coward. #TrumpRussia #PutinsBitch
A administration is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the TRUMP ADMINISTRATION is the worst in the history.

Fine job from you denying our bravest! Hypocrite!!
Lying conman phony crook
#bonespurs
maybe the @USNavy could do the USA a favor, and give you a free lift to Russia, courtesy of the taxpayers of america.
How about justice for the 34 sailors murdered and 174 injured by Israelis in 1967? Deliberate unprovoked attack was covered up by LBJ
Glad you're not serving on it.. You'd jinx it.
Absolutely no doubt! My son is serving his country in the Navy! Could
Maybe he should be running a ship
US Navy is very good but please don't forget the British @RoyalNavy. We've been around a very long time.  #BritanniaRulesTheWaves
Then it's a shitty ship with a shitty leader !!!!
Amen
Love this man
What year did you join the armed forces? Which one did you join?   Ohhhh right. You didn't.
A golf course is only as good as the foreign workers you can hire cheaper than Americans, cheapskate.
That doesn't even make sense. You're trying to apply CEO logic to a physical item. Stupid. Embarrassing. SAD.
You never served on any ships. #spoiledbitch
and a country is only as good as the person running it - RESIGN.
Happy Sunday
In that case, if the current White House was a ship, it'd be the Titanic. Duh!
Your White House ship is taking on Russian water Putin puppet. When are your disciples going to realize you are a traitor?
The Ship called WH..needs you to get off with your cronies. You ARE SINKING The USA SHIP!
I think it's the captain that thay worry about...
GOD BLESS AMERICA!
What on earth could you possibly know about service? You're a FAKE and a FRAUD and an EMBARRASSMENT to the U.S.A.
BREAKING BOMBSHELL VIDEO : Pastor Exposes Trump Assassination Plot http://truthfeed.com/breaking-video-pastor-exposes-trump-assassination-plot/94641/ … via @truthfeednews
Please! The best in the world at everything eh? Mind you, practice makes perfect! Ya'll had plenty real killing practice! Guess u r best!
Our first president said it all, GOD AND BIBLE.
Seriously ???
Amen to your words!

Yes u are so right , and we have the best in the world . We love you Mr. President Trump .
outstanding !!!!
I feel sick
@realDonaldTrump A ship is only as good as her captain. When the captain is overconfident (a narcissist) we get tragedies like the Titanic.
You picked up on the failure to speak the Queen's English too.

Your best trump tweet to date

Amen...
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy… https:...
ILOVE
E priyanka ilove You okay iewotoyou 
Ndaa vhasa
Investigate the reported pressure and ridicule of the units on board
https://twitter.com/ArakanNaingTwan/status/902092734986559488 …
Did u build a wall yet?

crinhe
How many white terrorist are at this gathering!
My husband proudly served the Navy 27 years
God bless you.
We are fucked Amerika 
qjrMietmy
I'm REALLY excited to be able to express my opinion make America great again and God bless America
God bless are hero's for everything they do to keeping us safe 
U will be on the only president in us history to have a ship named after him
IN RUSSIA!
only a TRAITOR could get that honor!
You can say that again. I have three family members in the navy.  One is on the Ford. He was in the decoy cars set up to save you .
US NAVY didnt stop Putin from and parking his submarines during the G20 summit in AUSTRALIA. When Abbott was gonna shirt front PUTIN.
Me President why do you tweet so much?
Love our President!
I believe a ship is only as good as it's captain. You're goin' down captain!
both about the meeting itself and about his role in misleading the public about it, shows just how deluded he is about how his own WH works.
The fact that Trump assumed that he could engineer this mini-coverup and the truth would never get out,
but it’s important to remember that the biggest problem it has is the man who sits in the Oval Office.
It has been entertaining 2 watch the ongoing soap opera of WH the infighting, the backstabbing, the firings, the general air of chaos
I am so glad that the Donald didn't condemn the ship, because Obama sign the agreement for construction...
You nonsense killed only Muslims you have need kill Jewish they're enemies of Muslims you harami America
Wow that's funny...most of the world consider American soldiers to be inferior to most ,definitely not the best
We just thank the LORD ur NOT SERVING on it DONNIE! besides ur to busy with ur criminal enterprises and Pardoning ur son & family
I'm so frustrated with our republican leaders, I can't describe my feelings, shame on you. You do not represent the will of our people
And you are the captain of the Titanic.
SO WHEN ARE YOU GETTING OFF THIS SHIP?
You looser!!!
How are your bone spurs?
Then it's a damn good thing you're not serving on it.
And is especially good when transgender and had to put up with the bigotry you @realDonaldTrump epitomize
Love this PRESIDENT! Best ever!
God bless israel
God bless America
Except the transgender one's right? Freaking hypocrite!
What would you know about it with your FIVE DEFERMENTS?
Amen
who told you?
Are you sick b××××
Unless they are Transgendered, right?  #ImpeachTrumpNow
@boyscouts ---and who wasn't going to talk about politics while addressing our young men?  #DumpTrump
As long as they aren't transgender right?  I guess supporting the troops is not unconditional.  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP

Sorry I didn't catch the announcement, when is @IvankaTrump going to manufacture in USA?
I guess that's why the white house SHIP is SINKING! FASTER than the Titantic I might add!
Well next to the U.S. MARINES!...LOL 
Seriously ALL of America's Service Members are the BEST!
This ship is sinking.. imma ship you off on it
Amen. By The Grace of God.  Thank You Commander in Chief for increasing the military budget.
Including Transgenders!!
Except one special person

Please, stand up for the LGBT Navy Seals and other Troops, too. I'm Certain it's what you truly want to do for them. Rand is against the ban
Hey Dodger Don..at least gay/lesbian and Transgender people have the COURSGE to serve in the military. @glasshouses 
so's excrement according to flies
Başkanım 51 ci bölgede kuran kursu açmışsın hayırlı olsun..
Sitting here watching MSNBC election Night coverage on YouTube. Again. Watching @realDonaldTrump win. He creamed them all. Glorious!
What is they are transgender?
The best sailors in the world on the best boats in the world should reflect presidents leadership. Today it means they are worse than most.
Agree

and this is before you start bashing the transgender community who serve in the Armed forces.
That includes LGBTQ too! https://twitter.com/votevets/status/890282933952630784 … #DespicableTrump
.@POTUS, can you my spot the transgender troops in this photo? They're there, I promise. 
Unlike your WH ship that is listing and sailors are jumping of as the Captain is a lying child.
Except for trans sailors. They can fuck directly off. Who wants boner pills? Right @realDonaldTrump? Also: go drown.
A nation is only as good as the people who serve it - which will now exclude certain AMERICAN SOLDIERS from serving. #ProtectTransTroops
Roflmao....trolls.... nothing but trolls responding
But only if they aren't transgender, right? You are a pathetic leader.
I wouldn't doubt if that sailor thinks you suck
regarding: a ship - Change the p to a t and it all makes sense.
