Taking care of business!! #MAGA

Snowflakes are so unique and beautiful when alone but put them together and they'll produce Slush.

Is there anything ever tweeted that helps my retirement account?
Have you not seen the state of the stock market lately?
I'm sorry you were saying....
....... you waited a month just to respond during a dip?
No I earned 10k + on PUTS in the market All I did was play the options market after each presidential tweet when certain sectors went down
First, no one believes you

Second, how does this refute anything I said?
Longitudinal ISOPRAXISM and the expense of ignorance, limiter of human potential elegantly displayed-enjoy it. (please have the last word)


Hahaha Haha hahaha Haha hahaha Haha hahaha, cut it out, I can't get my breath, hahaha
Add your life and the dignity of your country
You still suck!
why do you always show you arriving places? What are you, a bravo show?
It's the only part of the trip he remembers...lol.  He has to get off Twitter for a few min to get in his limo.
We love our president.
Leaving D.C. For good??
@realDonaldTrump @SecretaryZinke @SecPriceMD @SecretaryPerry Good luck & prayers for a safe & successful rally in WV...God bless!  #MAGA
How's Flynn doing anyway? Talk to him lately?
Quick round or ten of golf?

Pick out something nice for @FLOTUS @TiffanyAndCo
How can they stand being near you
Bootlickers in tow.
Looks like trump just excused himself to solely tweeting.
What a bunch of nasty liberals..
WeloveObama
No WE do not love Obama
We actually hate Obama for what he did to this country and to the people that have turned into pure hate 

Joint base? Your smoking Pot and or Crack; boy does that explain a lot.
oho apdiya
Good are you all quitting!

The Twitter Twit having anything to do with our great military is disgusting. Debilitating bone spur keeps him out of Nam? What a joke

Why does Trump never comment or condemn attacks against Muslims?
 @realDonaldTrump
Doesn't care. Anything that doesn't support his viewpoint gets filtered out. #1 reason he cannot lead
Watch out for the T-storms near Beckley, WV!
If the ONLY thing Donald Trump does is expose the corruption and hypocrisy of the left, he will still go down as one of the best! #MAGA
He already did more for USA than anyone. He needs to keep a promise to investigate Hillary. sad he reneged saying she's been through enough
Curious to see how Giuliani plays out.
Sorry I know what he did was great for New York back then but I don't trust him fully.
Must be late for another tee time you hard working man!
That's a shame.
Supporting and praying for you and your staff daily. 
Golfing this weekend?
Revelation 22:21
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with you all. [1/2]
Keep up the great work Mr. President!!
You're doing an awesome job #MAGA
What great thing has he done?
You are always so busy for us, Thank You, best president ever!
It's extremely well documented that 25% of his presidency has been spent on a golf course. How is that working hard?!?!?
Once again your talking about obama
Trump has played more golf in 6 months than the last 4 presidents did in their 1st 18 months. Check the stats.
Another CNN troll
.Go away you verified peeps with your bashing 

:3
Somebody's jealous!
Does anyone really care?
Hope you find your car this time
I hope he doesn't.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
And follow @realDonaldTumpr
The Better Deal looks great so sorry nty
Don't stew it iup
you are arriving at a renowned Air Force Base with the cast of idiotic characters. Great!!!
In four days I think something big is going to happen. You better be ready.
You can run but you can't hide from the long reach of Robert Mueller
Damn! Was hoping you'd land somewhere else, like say Russia & never come back.
Lamest tweet I've read tonight...congrats!
I doubt it. Your response to the lamest tweet to say its lame is actually much lamer. So the  congratulations should really go to you.
Why don't you go tweet good things about your so-called political party...
Ok, thanks for stopping by Pat
Wow, aren't you funny!  I'll have to show everyone I know your clever replies.
bfd
Love you Mr. President so proud of you. Your the best President I've ever had. God Bless You and Family.
Stay strong Mr. President. Just remember, we're praying for you.
.@realDonaldTrump on #Periscope: Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke
Mermaid
Best President ever. https://twitter.com/polNewsForever/status/883871593755271168/video/1 …
Considering people are your least favorite thing, you and Trump are a perfect match. He's bad news.

THE NUMBER OF WELLFOUNDED ALLEGATIONS &THE NUM OF COINCIDENTAL MURDERS OF CREDIBLE WITNESSES CLEARLY ELIMINATES NEED FOR A TRIAL. FRYHER NOW
Please don't yell.
I WRITE ALL CAPS TO BETTER CATCH MY TYPOS, MISSING WORDS, &WRONG WORDS, ESP ON MY CEL PHONE SCREEN. REAL YELLING WOULD BE IN THE WORDS USED.
Ok. Got it. A bit LOUD in caps.
YEAH, I KNOW. BUT IT PUBLISH SOO MANY MORE CLEAN TWEETS!
YOU KNOW, TWITTER DOESN'T LET YOU EDIT A POSTED TWEET. YOU GOTTA DELETE &REWRITE IT

Really?
Yes. Really. #PutinBot @weiland_jen @RKJ65 @iam_truthseeker @onsamf another one.
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD..... https://www.pscp.tv/w/bET7MDEyMzE3NDF8MXlwS2Rsek9rT0xLV_x3_XnsKc_UJsJyrpNIioPSuUq_gF8aFXYM8CruZ4vf …...
Awesome!
Hope your hair is holding up during all this chaos.
You are the man! We thank you for leading the American citizens out of the clasps of the evil govt that has been embedded for couple hundred years! We will fight with you and your trusted ones to the finish line and then some! God Bless, our military, they deserve the best! 
I'm so proud  to be and American ! Thank  you for making America great again!
#TeamBannon
That's a regular Algonquin Round Table. #BestAndBrightest
FYT
Is There Golfing Nearby ?
Do your duty, enlist!
Be brave like The President of The U.S. all of you cowardly politicians. Help our BRAVE President help the country.  http://www.jamiepalumbo.com 
You are hurting yourself. With junk  u are tweeting about  Mr Sessions You are losing some of your fan base
So what, loser!
Safe Trip ! MAGA !!!
BIG waste of $$.


Why can't you stay put in the white house for a change... All you do is run
Nice ride, I call shotgun!
Great!l
Trump the idiot is coming to town...
Were you able to find your car this time?
God be with us
All your Base Are Belong To US
.@realDonaldTrump в #Periscope: Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and
Stop interfering if you are innocent
The C-4 is planted inside the body. One call ends it all, in theory.
滚犊子

Getting two scoops of ice cream? #thedodostrikesagain
What a great President. Thank you  President Trump.

Love it!!
Will my car be there ?
If you don't believe me ask anybody from the EPA don't ask the guys from Exxon they get paid to say there is no climate change

Let us know when you arrive at reality.

Fantastic! 

How did a coward who ducked military service 4 times end up President? Hmmm, I know, by appealing to the ignorant and racist voters!
Bruh you couldn't even find your limo right in front of you and didn't salute anyone who fought for this country, unlike you.
@potus I don't know why you think anyone gives a damn! If you give your health care up I'll give mine up deal? #FDJT #truckfump #Resist
Great, maybe a few joints will mellow y'all out.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jul/25/trump-russia-kushner-sessions-manafort-flynn … The worst president in the history of our great nation.
No, that honor would go to Barack Obama
Don't care. You're just going to stand in front of a captive audience and brag and lie some more.
Oh the look the short bus arrived
What a slap in the face to our military to have to receive a traitorous POtuS like you.
No one cares where you are bout wound like you out of our house #Impeach45 @POTUS
Dear Donald give me a 20000 dólar I'm from Honduras to put a business here please
Thanks for the heads up Donny did you make sure you have your dictionary with you ok !! Sorry I can't make it.
God bless all you do today and keep you and your family safe.
Give the people ,tax payers the same as the political parties have after all we are the ones funding our government. Cut us some slack
Please have a heart attack or stroke asap
Wishing death on anyone is sick
End of Isil means halabi asylum seeker . Send BACK to UK thank you and PLEAse
Will president Putin be there?
#25thAmendmentNow
Trump plzs contact me plzs
Yay, so cool, our @POTUS tweets play by play of his day
Hello
We don't really care about you flying around crying about the election every single chance you get.  How do you sleep at night?
Do you know which is the plane? Old orange man
WHY DO I HAVE TO PAY FOR THIS PIECE OF ?! WHY?!
I just went to thrift store in my van .. not near as exciting .. bummer .. oh well .. that's how it goes ..
What is the real reason for no Transgender In Millitary?
nobody cares
This is what "Commander in Chief" looks like...so proud of POTUS :D
your speech to the boy scouts is absolutely despicable. you have no respect for anyone. I have never been so embarrassed by anyone. ever.
Honestly, I woda rather had my college tuition paid for insteas of this multibillion dollar, million dollar peas shooter
That's nice, just don't open your very big, vicious mouth. It's not a place to hit on Hilary & Sessions. We've hear it all

@TruthinGov2016 @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke @SecPriceMD hugs
Wow! That's so neat! Did you invite all your friends? Geez this president thing is really fun for a 12 year old boy huh??! With Tiny hands.
So what. Do we really need to see you fly around in some toy?
Liberals brains just exploded, trying to figure out how POTUS could be filming himself from so far away.....

Just great--4 Empty Suits! @SenWarren @CillizzaCNN @SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain @SenKamalaHarris @Eugene_Robinson #resist #emptysuit
Who is the man in the cowboy hat? He looks like fun lol! Enjoy your trip. Know you love playing with the planes and choppers x
You big shot offering American care to brutish baby... What about suffering Americans????
British baby
Drain the swamp !
Larger than you thought, you can do it!!
Hope so
USA USA USA 

What this guy doing..confirming they got two choppers.terroist will be like.bomb both noww(in my arnold voice)
God bless President Trump and the Trump family 
You could've fired Sessions bc he lied at his hearing.  Or are lies under oath not disappointing to you??  Fool
Bless your heart.
Mr Donald Trump God Bless Me with you (God made Man & Women) lv The Queen Of The World Dr Wanda PRNF Muhammad The Ambassador Of America 
My President!!

Proud to be an American with a president of like President Trump
Trump hints to the Boy Scouts about all the sex his rich friend had on yachts
http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/338997/trump-boy-scouts-sex-yacht/ …
Climate change is real the amount of carbon we are pumping into the atmosphere is warming the planet up drastically
Go President Trump!



I hate you.
Why one man has so many secretaries yet missspells in tweets. Your proof reader Sir, is not efficacious to say the least.
