"Enjoy?" Your ego is embarrassing.
ARE YOU DEPORTING YOUR NON USA WIFE?
Nothing enjoyable about seeing your lying face #TrumpColluded #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
I can't bear to listen. Advise everyone to read a good book or listen to music. Enjoy!
Ew. What's to enjoy? A fat talking pumpkin who makes no sense surrounded by fawning sycophants? No, thanks.
I'll be color-coding my closet instead, washing dishes, and cleaning the cat litter box. Anything not to see you and hear your thug-voice.
What you always say: bullshit; rants; conspiracy theories.
Fox & Friends Are pussy Grabbers. No wonder you love them so much
Enjoy laughing, maybe.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!...
So much so you have The American flag first here. Oh, and adopting English I see
Challenging yourself with tough questions as usual!
Yeah, because we've been so overwhelmed by the hardball questions Obama fielded in 8 years. Pfft
Did Obama stick to solely one media company? Trump seems to only do Fox, NYPost or Wall Street Journal (all Murdoch properties)
Hmm. Did Obama interview on conservative media? Ever?
Obama gave multiple sitdown interviews to Fox
Wow. Impressive!  And, he was prez for 8 years?
Is obama running again??? 
All the deplorables can do (including king deplorable himself) is name drop Obama. It's all the ammunition they have.
Hopefully, it's not in studio or there'll be another predator in the Fox studios.
LOL You are afraid to go on any other network, where you would have to answer questions.  FAKE FOX full of perverts.
we are not going to enjoy ur bigotry.
I'll pass. Response will be the same - insult Obama & Clinton brag about how stupid you are & seek praise/adoration from #fakejournalists
,#PlzComeClean  Stop lying, you're a traitor and the noose is tightening. Come clean and let the nation heal, #TraitorTrump  #Trumprussia
Oh now I get it. You only tweet so early when your ass kiss squad agrees to "interview" you when you are feeling like an u loved failure.
I'll be watching you. Tell the media where to put their false propaganda too!!
you're so disconnected with our contemporary world. You live in the 50's. It's gone. We have to prepare for automation
Good morning!
So now you are the foolish leader.
Are your ratings down Trumpy and you need a war ?

Meet Andy, @HuffingtonPost I am sure by now you can get the REAL picture here
Good Morning Sir
Congrats on 28 mil @Twitter followers

Don't let that "Women are the Wall" @ talk trash
oh. god.. not #FauxNews. Haven't you learned that they are Entertainment, not factual news. Like your buddy, #AlexJones
MAGA... You are Awesome President Trump
Thank you Sir for doing the interview I  enjoy being among the informed people.
Scripted 

But we love stories about chocolate cake
Won't that just be more fake news??? Asking for a friend

 
In war squeezed amongst the bombs bullets and chemical weapons are little bodies #Syria #Iraq
Poor kids. They didn't ask for this.

Can't wait to see what you try and blame Obama for this time.
You advocate for terrorist & then try to claim a moral high ground? Is there any level you HYPOCRITES wont sink too?
That's a little early in the morning to be spreading FAKE NEWS & PROPAGANDA, Isn't it? Plus, you must be exhausted from all that golfing
I am not interested in your scare tactics and your fake news that you think.of on the golf course. Go away please.
Always on fox,  why not another channel, CNN,abc,??
Enjoy is not the word I'm thinking. More like hangover with headache
Another opportunity to talk about yourself!...how unusual. I will miss it though...need to clean up dog poo in my yard.
More lies for the gullible!
PresDwejustflewinonTurkishAirline2womenfoughtfor6hurs!!wegaveupourseattostoptheiragrrssionihavepicture
what is up with this enjoy shit? Listening to you makes most Americans want to 
Sigh.
Are you planning on golfing all weekend again?
We don't need a #MuslimBan.
We need a travel ban between DC and Florida, just for you.
Is it true that you relegated all military decision making to your generals?
If it were any other president, I'd be worried about that.
Speaking of immigration and gangs...
We're tired of paying for your THREE residences.
#TuesdayMotivation
#TheResistance
You'd rather pay for Obama's gay bath house crap or his multiple trips to KISS ALL OUR ENEMIES *** or giving our enemies billions to kill us
Why can't you do an interview on any other network besides Fox? Afraid they'll ask you hard questions? Need to stay in your safe space?
…or is it because you both condone sexual abuse of women? 
It wasn't abuse, go watch the access tape. He was talk8ng about gold digging girls letting him grab th3m because he was rich.
I believe you're a bot but that spin is so fu'ed up.  He was talking about how power allows him to abuse women.  Go listen to it ah
why do you always say "ENJOY"  most of us can't stand the sight of you and you usually lie, traitor
Oh, you're being interviewed by the completely unhinged people who created you, you fucking monster? Wow, cool press!
Oh, good. A safe space.
Oh, good. Another no-name libtard with a blue tick.
good for you, and that changes my life how ecxactly?
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
Enjoy? 
That won't be an interview with any substance as FOX fake news will go easy on you as always.
Actual humans with brains will decline.
Paul Ryan is an idiot
Looking forward to the Wash DC soapbox derby.  Hopefully all the cancer in Trump DC swamp gets drained & all go to prison 4 life 4 treason.
Of course you only go to the network that created fake news!
Hey is your buddy oreilly out looking for a new job
You have a serious problem..Maybe you need to charter Hillary 747 and leave this country.
Did you talk about how many Patriots you had?
obama was not a good man.
He killed so many
Or are you ok with people having their heads so far up you they can do the talking? 
shut up feminist
It's amazing how quickly the trolls respond, living off the system and not working helps
Will the interview be done from the bed you share with fox, loser?
Does Paul Ryan look himself in the mirror
Enjoy?! The only way we'll enjoy this is if you admit to colluding with Russia.
Yes we admit all politicians have met with, dined with and spoken with Russian diplomats at one time or another throughout their career.
Not all politicians pretend to not know Putin,refuse to criticize his illegal behavior,have many aides that have corruption ties with Russia
We the people elected him. Now let us put hatred aside and give him the chance to fix the wrongs done before him. Racist come in ALL colors.
actually we the people gave hillary to popular majority and trump has done almost nothing good in his first 100 days except spend our money
Poking hot needles in my eyeballs would be more enjoyable than listening to your inane dribble ....
Heard about your congratulatory call to Erdogan in Turkey. Are you completely ignorant about the world?
You need to announce your support for #TadCummins, saying you don't think he did anything wrong, that he's a good person.
Some questions:
-Is the Trump fam above the law? #divest
-why don't u show your taxes? #transparency
-why is sessions still here? #perjury
Did you remember to bring your lil map? Iraq and Syria...2 DIFFERENT COUNTRIES. You're welcome.
Such a coward. You too scared to be interviewed by any other than your friends @ Fox who don't challenge, question, or hold you accountable?
Try a real network, of what are you afraid.  Fox "News" interviewing you is like you boss Putin talking to Pravda.
A fake interview on fake FoxandFriends with a fake president 
Oh, joy. More BS from the Liar in Chief ... on the Fake News Channel.
Cares?
nice to hear fox is dumping sexual predator bill from their crew
Pass. I'd rather watch paint dry and drink bleach. That sounds more appealing then listening to you on your state news channel.
I notice that you only allow reporters who don't ask hard questions to interview you. I guess you're scared, huh?
Make sure you say good-bye to your buddy. He got fired for doing what you did....when's your turn?
militants from Cuba now fire against innocent people en San Bernardino area at Caracas, a dead and dozens injured
I see a lot of dumb dissent. I 4 1, am proud of Trump. Can ANY of U actually explain what you are FOR. No Borders/Country? A One World Gov?
Donald .J Trump. Is a very strong  man
getting sucked off again, donny??
The same interview where you didn't know Kim Jong Un's name & thought he is same guy(s) who ran North Korea during Clinton. What an idiot!.
You sound like you're selling the specials at one of your cheesy hotel restaurants. Enjoy!
Blech
Puke
I always enjoy a good laugh. Thanks!
@conference You and Fox under F.B.I. investigation now! How ironic! Guess you will have to get your morn briefing at NSA!
I'll be busy
I'll enjoy it. By watching another channel. Thanks for the warning.
President Trump! Many people stand with you!
Snore
Toot toot
Ha!  Save your interviews after your impeachment. People will watch that, Ryan will be the first.
i cannot stomach the disrespect from the fake media/ democratically/ celebrities that think they actually matter
oops... I dictated.. obvious incorrect spelling
Make sure you wear proper attire. 
Lmfao
O'Reilly fired by Fox News. LOL.  You are next!
Fake interview & fake news on Fox
Enjoy what? The circus??? Not worth my time.
Another fluff piece by the fake news station.
You are bias.  In a bigley way
We're still waiting for you to b interviewed by Lawrence O'Donnell on The Last Word. We know ur lies won't fly with O'Donnell. "Lying Trump"
He's too scared of Lawrence Lawrence would tear him apart
No body cares you been interviewed. You are always excited been interviewed by fox channel because they asked you what you want to hear.
Interview titled weekly dose of trumps lies and corruption @foxandfriends the only news station that supports lier's,perverts and Russia!
Crazy
Not watching you break the tvs
Sounds like a great way to ruin my evening!
Remind us all what not to watch —again. #idiot #POTUS
https://twitter.com/trobinsonnewera/status/854668812888788994 …
Who gives a shit!
You mean the harass me sexually station?
I'd rather watch grass grow
Fake news channel with fake questions. No one will watch.
Vote for ossify.
FAUX NEWS ON FOX NEWS!
Who wants to see u
.if Alex Spencer is a 'performance artist' that must mean you are too. enjoy!
No thank you...
More outright lies and outrageous views. The more you continue spouting them, the sooner you'll be gone, best riddance *ever*! Embarrassing.
I'd rather eat lead paint chips than listen to your 30 word vocabulary. #nyetmypresident
We don't care.  How about you spend the time working instead of playing celebrity host?
EWho cares
Instead of enjoy...don't you mean cringe?
luckily I was asleep
I wouldn't watch that garbage #FakeNewsMedia @foxandfriends or want to hear one more lie out of your mouth! Sad!
talk about fake news
The sex scandal channel....You fit right in!!
Talk about Trumpcare, México boarder, real polls, real media.....
How TRUMPS HEADING FOR IMPEACHMENT
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/100573416 …
Nice! !! Información Will try because of the time.
Think I'll go watch the grass grow instead!
@realDonaldTrump hope you'll be as good at reminding us when your prison term starts! #MAGA #LockTrumpUp
Who cares all your gonna do is lie

Can you say beach balls Donny?
@ChampionsLeague Quarter finals 2nd legs are on Donald. No one cares what you're up too!
. Enjoy?  Lol
DEMENTIA
Oh boy. More lies. No thanks.
fake interview by a fake president  - close down your chinese sweat shops and practice what you preach - #hypocrisy
I can smell the ass kissing from here.
Oh, THAT won't be biased.
Noone cares, no one watched it! Resign now.
#ImpeachTrump #RekeaseYourTaxes
That's not called an interview. That's called a misguided live fest
Fox and Friends - AKA state sponsored terrorist group.
More fox?  Why don't you grow a set and have an actual press conference.
Don, just FYI, I noticed you have a 'tell' when you are about to lie. You open your mouth. #TaxReturns #TrumpRussia #OSSOFF #TheResistance
Fox news, quality journalism if you have no teeth and live in a trailer!
Sorry don't like early morning comedy!!
Oh, just can't wait!!! [shitty grin]
There's nothing to enjoy about you and Faux News.
Interviewed with the scumbags @FoxNews
Enjoy?? You must be kidding me.
