FBI & Mueller never looked at DNC email server so Mueller never actually went to the scene-of-the-crime to see “IF” THERE WAS A CRIME to investigate 

That is criminal!

The crime was never established

It appears the DNC is hiding something?

#SethRich #Podesta @POTUS #MAGA #1A
#PEDOgate #ClintonGate #ClintonCASH @POTUS
Thanks for the heads up. Something tells us he will give it up and real soon. Nothing about trump says America
Potus a disgrace he could order the release people

They are hiding the truth that Hillary & dnc weren't hacked! All made up to set up Trump!
Have you been briefed on CrowdStrike?
Ask Admiral Rogers.
Very deep stuff there. Goes back decades.
And yes it includes RUSSIANS!
Yes Mr. President. We know Podesta is a traitor along with Clinton, Abedin, Weiner, Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Mueller etc. Now when is the DOJ going to do something about these enemies of the peoples Republic?


??


What do ya wanna bet there’s a BAR lawyer involved!
Everyone is wondering why Podesta and Hillary are not in prison already..
@Toimatom it's probably CHOCK FULL OF CHILD PORN!!!
Fire Sessions, appoint a real AG who will fire corrupt Rosenstein and will expose the corruption once and for all! #DrainTheSwamp
Hiding his child pornography
What’s even more disgraceful is that the @FBI let Podesta/DNC get away with saying no. @FBI didn’t confiscate. Why not??? Since when is a non-government political party more powerful than the @FBI ???
Because the whereabouts of Madeline McCann were on it.

maybe they didn't even trust the FBI? Or maybe because they know it wasn't Russia that hacked it? Or More hatred of US ?
Now we know Mr. President  You are Always one step ahead 

Because He is Guilty as Sin And Terrified!
Do Not Forget 

The Democratic Party 

Cheated and murdered 

Seth Rich 

#SethRich
#HisNameWasSethRich
#DNC
#ClintonCrimeFamily
#ClintonFoundation
#ClintonCorruption
#ObamaGate
#QAnon
#GreatAwakening 
#FridayFeeling
#FridayThoughts
#TGIT
#DeathWishMovi

Because hes podesta the molesta
We just got thru watching Billy Graham’s funeral
Everyone here is talking about why aren't they all in prison waiting for the gallows to be built.
https://twitter.com/R_Daneel_0livaw/status/969396872824713217 …
It's downright criminal. Disgraceful would be his "art" collection....
Thank you, Mr. President. Please expose Podesta. The people support you.
russian bots and infowars is talking... that’s not everyone
Remember, everyone, he's lying to please his ..."base"...They believe his lies and he knows it...................

Everyone is talking about YOU paying a STRIPPER to SLEEP with you!!!!! DISGRACEFUL!!!!!
Thank you for what you are doing and thank you ahead of time for those who do not understand the magnitude of what you are doing.
God bless you and keep you safe.
Warm regards, 
Renea
Incomprensible unless they don’t want the truth to come out 
Why did the FBI allow them to refuse request.  
FBI doesn't roll that way. They don't ask- they tell.
Who tellin the g men
PLEASE lock this horrible man up! Let him harm no other precious child! Thank you Mr. President!
I think people are more concerned about his other disgusting, vile side!!!
STILL being talked about
Call a Wahmbulance!  Podesta Molesta said Trump's tweet about him almost caused him to have a stroke!  me a river!
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/12/28/john-podesta-describes-donald-trump-nearly-ruined-vacation-tweet/ …
Good Job Mr. president, keep up the great work and keep beating on the rats heads. God Bless you forever.
Everyone here (in America) is talking about if @SenFranken is resigning because of sexual misconduct, why the HELL are you still president? Disgraceful
#GroperInChief
#whenareyougoingtojail?
No, everyone is talking about the money paid your campaign by Russia. That and Donnie's wiki leaks emails.  #RussiaGate
Everyone here is asking how a pedophile can be permitted to run for the US Sanate? A man who was dismissed from his position not once, but twice for his blatant disregard. This is wrong.
I doubt that!! Make up better lies...
Actually that’s mostly true
I was referring to the "everyone here is talking about" part.
Ahh ok
What, are you six? Time to put your big boy britches on.
He's a saint compared to you.
They got alot to hide that's why
Disgraceful? Where are your taxes? Oh, I forgot, Putin has them!
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!...
This is you
trump you, your family and your administration are a disgrace for America
No their not.  Nice try loser.  You must be so afraid of bubba coming to your cell in the middle of the night
Sorry meant they’re.  Spelling is important 
Everyone over here is talking about why you won't release your tax returns.
podesta is a pedophile and deserves general population in folsom or Rikers
#UraniumOne #PizzaGate

Who is everyone, can we have numbers please? Everyone could be you and Jacob Wohl jerking each other off in a bathroom for all I know!
Our entire system is disgraceful.  Speaking of which...get that AG of yours off his ass to indict Hillary.  Can't have it both ways, Donald
I don't know if @POTUS can actually order Sessions to do it...do you? In Alabama he told us #PATRIOTS to take it directly to AG,which I did.
With Senate approval, yep.
No,  talking about Jared and others using private servers and about expensive, private or military travel by your staff.  Podesta who?  
Everyone here is talking about how to help Puerto Rico.
FBIarecorrupt#tryingtomakeamericabetteralone#noyeamwork#obamadidnthelp#youdonthelpeither#terristattackpredictedsoon#FBIkeepsmeindanger
How's Jared and Ivanka's private server investigation going?! bahahaha karma
Maybe he couldn't get it back from the Awans.
The only person talking about them is you trying to get some fake news trending. Better get used to the colour orange, gonna see a lot of it
The mastermind .@DWStweets !
Podesta doesn't have it. Never did. He was Hillary's Campaign Chairman, not Chair of the DNC. You don't know the difference? Disgraceful!
Al those filthy secrets the dems keep locked away .expect nothing else from Skippy or any corrupt dem. Sickening bunch of retrobates
Antifa prat
Lol prat??? Wtf is a prat
#AlternateFacts @POTUS45 is still in a time loop. @realDonaldTrump you're in 2017. Please join the rest of America in the here and now.
The world is begging @GOPrepublicans to do their job. Tomorrow @POTUS45 will increases troops in #Afganistan for his WH comedy show ratings.
The plan and motive of this immoral president, @POTUS45 is to profit from lives sacrificed. #ToxicTrumpBrand
The next obvious question is: What is @POTUS45 winning for his supporters? Possible answer: The #TrumpSupporter has the right to die 1st.
Absolutely disgraceful!
That's the very reason for all the bs distraction!  Deflecting to avoid (try) their overdue corruption exposed!!!  Keep on trucking!!!  Win!
Maybe John is afraid of doing prison time, & by the way has anyone truly considered that maybe...
PEDOFESTA NEEDS TO BE CHARGED.
Why can't govt authorities seize it? Get a warrant....
No one is talking about that. You gotta have an enemy to deflect your idiocy.
John Podesta should be in prison right now.
Sir, IMHO,  the FBI should have seized it.
This is part of the reason:
yes just like Boy Scouts leader called , and Mexican prez called , no one calls you , you are a loser ,, no one talked 2u
The GOP have to grow a pair get rid of Mueller & start investigating real crimes unless they r involved it dosnt make sense # gutless gop
Another foot soldier for the Obama crime syndicate # above the law ,,
Because he is guilty as h....
Because he knows what is on it. He's a traitor and a pedo and I pray he goes to Gitmo with Hillary!
Why is Wasserman Shultz BROTHER in charge of investigation of Awan family?
Do you realy know what a DNC server is? You are 70 years young??'''
Bcz he's a child predator! !
Take the pedophiles down!
Making a statement that implies discriminatory legislation is impending is pretty disgraceful too.
Your life choices are disgraceful!
Not good.
5 military deferments. Declares patriot transgenders unfit!  Bonespurs. #donaldpussy
#Justice for #America
We all know they are talking about Don Jr. and the email...oh wait, right...did you not notice the silence whenever you enter?
Impeach Trump 2017
i wonder how this dumb guy became rich
He laundered money for the Russian gangsters, after becoming bankrupt four times, losing his $9 million start up money from daddy.
Snowflakes move to Russia now
Because they are guilty
Podesta needs to jump off a freaking bridge.
I am sick and tired of you being obstructed by so many damn people. They should all be arrested, and executed for treason
This is why: https://twitter.com/turnitup111it/status/889305955846017024 …
What they are saying is that you're nuts. You are scary crazy. & Boorish. & Dangerous. 
There's no evidence that FBI/CIA ever asked for it.
How would Hillary's campaign manager go about doing that, ?
Obama left DNC millions in debt Hillary funded DNC she got to make all decisions for DNC this came out in the lawsuit not televised by mainstream she ran the DNC he ran her campaign so of course he was in control of the DNC too.. good grief. No way Bernie didn't know. #DemExit
Obama may have left the DNC in debt, but that's what it took to get a black man into the White House, twice, against an endless tide of the most foul racism I've ever seen in my life. As for Bernie, he's played the same game as Trump, WRT tax returns.
Crooks, deceptive!!!!!!!!
That's why we don't know if DNC was hacked or not?  They refuse to provide proof
You have my greatest respect for your actions against Podesta and co! 
God bless you! 
I don't know where you are, but everyone I know is talking about why you send these senseless tweets and are not doing a better job as Prez.
We love our President!
name someone - just 1 name. u cant u just lie lie lie, why does Hillary bring out the weakness in you, u crumble at the mention of her name
Do you think the president and family would go to six flags I would live to see him visit six flags
You are attempting to deflect... Again???
By everyone, you mean you... right?
NEWSFLASH SCRUMP: The most disgraceful thing here, is YOU. It might be smart for you to crawl out of Putin'd azz & find a new "stage".
I proudly voted for Trump. When will Robert Mueller start an investigation on me? Too broad mandate. Anyone connected to campaign? I voted..
Pizzagate
YOU SHOULD TALK don, WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS? You are only fooling yourself! wait tell tell the council get your ass in a sling! JAIL!
Your one to call the kettle black. Better question is WHY WOULDNT HE? WHATS IN IT????
I have never seen greater hypocrites than the Democratic Party and the liberal media.  H. Clinton obstructed justice but the media is silent
Maybe he ALREADY knew what was on it......??????????
Everybody, but, you know, actual people that exist in the real world.
Everyone here is wondering why the DNC doesn't have to follow the laws the rest of us have to follow.  #EqualJustice
You're an embarrassment to the human race.
It makes us all wonder what is being hidden from the American people and who he is protecting.  Government cannot lord over us this way!
What's happening in Venezuela? How come MSM is not covering this very important subject? You must remove the blindfold so people could see!
No one was talking about that except you. Nice try at diversion. Again. 
Dems are hiding something! I hope you tear their scandals wide open. Lock them all up! Keep up the good work Trump. We see the truth!!
Don't pay these libtards any attention keep up the hard work. Siempre fi. Looking forward to this 8 year term.
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump: PODESTA=evil seditious crim US terribly ashamed is| SCOTUS Scalia, Andrew Breitbart, Seth Rich, #pizza #pedogate
More than "disgraceful," .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump, JOHN PODESTA is one of's most evil & seditious criminals US terribly ashamed is American
you should send and get it, send mad dog and he will get it,Gen Mattis
Civics lesson: Podesta could not act for DNC.  CIA cannot legally ask for DNC server since this is a domestic matter and CIA is foreign.
And yet you cant even release your taxes. Disgraceful!
Only you are talking about this everyone else in the country that isn't in politics is talking about how incompetent you are as a leader
We all know why he didn't give it up, too many would have to be prosecuted!
#blockthebot
@brad_studio
I guess if you actually used your small amount of intelligence before Tweeting then you would know your statement is FALSE.....
Come on
No you orangutan, everyone is talking about your collusion with Russia now that it's not a hoax anymore!t#Collusion #SmokingGun#FakePOTUS
"Everyone," meaning you and your imaginary friends, Jim and Covfefe.
Get the 7300 pics of children off his DNC cpu and have hannity showcase them on the evening news
They said that when you came in bc they didn’t want to be caught talking about treason w/ you @DonaldJTrumpJr PaulManafort & @RepDevinNunes
John Podesta has everything to hide that is why and people know it!!! I hope you get that mother f*****
It because John Podesta is a PEDOPHILE SATANIC CANNIBAL!!! Why would he?
Nope. Just another Donnie the Dumpf lie. So pathetic that you have to tell all these lies to feel better about being such a loser.
Yes disgraceful!
Man oh man... another episode of this dog and pony show!
Your son is disgraceful....you and your entire family are not patriots...sell out!
You know that server would be full of terrible things. @HillaryClinton needs to wipe it with a cloth before handing it over.
Mr. President, beware of Obama's "OFA". This is his cover for a coup da'tat. Mobilize our military to be ready for UN forces & Muslims here!
Quit
Jack Schofield, I really don't care about the worlds opinion, what about corporate take over of all American systems, that's real.....
Why don't you look at Bohemian Grove.....
Because the server implicated many high ranking officials in Paedophile rings, soul cooking, and other activities.
bullshit. Nobody except deflectors likeaou care ...
