Actually, no, they never said there was "no path to victory". YOU are fake news.

…and a fool.
They said you have a 15% CHANCE of winning. So basically the same odds of you rolling dice & it landing on a "one"
…it's still possible for a one to be rolled, and that doesn't mean the math was wrong. Your logic makes zero sense.
Remember the NEWS is also the one who revealed that Flynn was a Russian agent after you & the WH lied & tried to cover it up?
…and that the NEWS uncovered the scandal that was Watergate which led to the fall of Nixon? No wonder you're scared of them!
If you had nothing to hide you wouldn't try to delegitimize them 24/7. Also, did u know even Fox News has been throwing shade at u recently?
I got some Play-Doh and coloring books for you are you have to do is stop trolling go get a job sweetie
LOL you keep talking about the election and it's been five months. You can't let it go.
Your election campaign sounded like the promotion for Trump University, so we can definitely believe you!
speaking of Trump U, that $25 million settlement you have to pay for defrauding hard-working people was finalized.
FAKE NEWS!
“ Who needs #aprilfoolsday when your whole life is a joke? “ - Donald Trump

Happy Fake News Day.
spotted the liberal fake news CUCK.
Dude. You're being investigated by the FBI.
So,,,why didn't you sign the executive orders yesterday? Why did you walk out?   Or have I missed the REAL answers?
No, it is not phony. You only make ur self look like the child u r with these tweets.
WinkyWinky. Okay then. You just stick to that lil story. Just do your fake leading of America and we'll continue lining up your impeachment.
Well, if there is a "total scam" out there, no one would be surprised that your name was right in the center of it.
This is no scam.
Media isn't asking people for thousands of dollars and promising them an EDUCATION
#ImpeachTrump 
#dumbdownwithdonnie
Get Putin to call their bluff...They are Self loathing Tyrants that only exist to destroy 
your path to victory WAS the Russian scam. Go back to bed. Alone.
Someone sounds like he is getting scared. Feel like the walls closing in on you? We are all enjoying the show.
Our victory of Trump land is at hand! #MAGA
Yeah but see they hadn't realised you had Russia in your pocket.
But what does the FBI think?
Russia interfered with the 2016 election. End of story. Everything else is fake news. So frustrating you don't get it.
your new slogan should b "make Russian Great Again" u don't need a wall no one wants to come to USA or trade with us!
GIVE THEM THEM TRUMP!!
uh huh
.@realdonaldtrump
and you have already exceeded your quota of conspiracy theories for the year, sir.
Funny,Watching the news with my son, who says he wants to be the President. . So that he too, can do whatever he wants with no consequence.
Nice that you admit that you're a total scam. First step to fix is admission that you're a fake president.
Sir 90% MEDIA IS ANTI NATIONALIST
They didn't take into account your team's collaboration with Russians. BIG MISS!!
stop the Bullshit NOW! We're sick of it and it's literally causing international embarrassment. Are u guilty of treason?
Thank you for the information Mr President. Unlike the oboma and the Dems who tried to hide the truth, you are a breath of fresh air.
News flash - you and your corrupt regime are going to be forced out of office since you can't control the Senate or Flynn. Time to resign.
Repubs have been setting up to rig our elections for years with terrible gerrymandering rules. You didn't do anything special. Just lies.
If it's phony why did Flynn resign and is now begging for immunity?
Bahahaha as Mr. Flynn is not begging.  He resigned due to not telling the VP the truth in a briefing.  Get your facts STRAIGHT b4 spewing bs
Silence speaks volumes, Sir.
Release your taxes prove they are wrong.
Treason was your only path to so-called "Victory," and you deserve execution in front of a military firing squad.
You're about to get double-lapped by the truth.
April Fool's and you are the biggest fool of all. Enjoy your 4 new prison walls.
The same Trumo said murder rates were highest in 47 years (wrong) is now pushing Russia is fake story. A total scam! https://youtu.be/xfr64zoBTAQ 


#SusanRice #LockHerUp Today. Obama, Clintons, Comey, Lynch, too.
I've tried and tried to explain things with evidence to thousands of them. I haven't had a conversion since I think September...
On flip side that makes podesta bros RU. agents hands down. Lobbied for them. Then held fundraisers for Schiff. As well as other crookeds
If the TV doesn't tell them it didn;t happen. Even a lot of people on our side are that way.
UPDATED
VINDICATION
#RussianHacking A LIE! PROOF IS HERE
SHARE NOW - RETWEET ALL - BREAK THE COVER…
thousands have blathered the exact same 15 phrases at me...
I'm getting pretty tired of them. I want 2 see heads roll from Obama cabinet through HRC Camp and congress, media.. I've worked so hard 4 it
Well republicans in the house are signing on to the impeach bandwagon now...
8 years would be great for true Americans !! 
Brennan and Clapper say no evidence, now #susanrice to take the fall again Obama flees country...MSM still pushing the Russia nonsense
I mean you the one talking about it
Buckle up fire up and blasted in the sky
"Somebody get me an F'ing weenie"
“Anyone being investigated by the FBI is not qualified to be President of the United States”- @realDonaldTrump Aug, Sept, Oct, Nov, 2016
Money money  for dumb democrats they need to start paying for that fake news they believe! Proof of fake Russia narrative over and over!
Years of surveillance found nothing wrong with you- could be good thing in long run..Hoax all they had.. LOSERS/criminals on left
#donthecon you are the scam artist. There was no path to victory without Russian interference. Wish we still hung traitors
6mths of Propaganda but never a shred of evidence!Plenty of evidence of wiretapping though!
#KGB Trump; Russia is part of you, stop lying!
@dixiefortrump Well invite Putin to the Whitehouse and let the media ask him. Put it right in their face
How about when everybody signed a pledge to back the nominee? You said you wouldn't, you were the only one telling the truth
Mr Trump you are the total #Scam #AndFakeMedia you "Perpetuate" it sad really You should speak more to America and muzzle your puppets!
YOU are the total scam!  #impeachtrump #FiretheFool #russianinfluence #Impeach45
Phony? They got proof. The Orange jump suit will go great with fake orange tan.
Keep your focus, boss. Everyone is devil hunting. Remember why we elected you. Confront, hit'em with TRUTH, keep rolling. Stay positive
中国共产党万岁
.@realDonaldTrump Logical people should think "thou doth protest too much" whenever I bitch about Russia allegations #LockHimUp #AMJoy
No path to victory until Russia interfered in the election.
That IS news.
You can't fool all of the people all of the time.
media push LEFT evil agenda. This runs deep as your aware sir! I have faith in God,Trump & patriots!  USA! MAGA! USA!
Mr President you could crap in the butter and I would still be thanking God for you! America loves you and believes in you!
You will go down in history as the worst President ever. Your supporters are dwindling.. 35% approval rating. See you in Prison #RealNews
i do love you man if all this world come to gather against you NO body could break you you know why because GOD is with you
So fake that Flynn agreed to testify to the FBI in exchange for immunity?  You keep believing that. 
Hey, Donny - Have you ever thought about being less petty and act like a president? No wonder ppl don't see you as their leader.
Ignore them. the public does.  @TarragonWarren
#KGB Trump! Russia will not go away, you're connected! Stop spreading fake news 2 ur stupid fan base
April fools day is year round for you dude! #FakePresident
Just imagine if Hillary Clinton appointed Chelsea & her husband assistants 2 the president & had them doing foreign policy. You'd b HOWLING!
Predictable. Time to revisit Hillary and Obama, right? Sick ego, a national embarrassment. Loser!
....a German reporter asked Trump "Why do you keep saying things you know are not true?"
I'm your best friend when I say STOP! As a psychologist, you appear very guilty with all these protests! Be transparent & let them report.
News were right about that, you didn't win.. your a #fakepotus who was complicit with  a foreign dictator to hack our free elections.
Sorry bud, you can't convince people that the FBI are fake news... Playing off of stupidity worked once, it won't work for you again.
The beginning of the end.....  this is better than a soap opera. Word has it you won't last another year.
We all know how you got inside the white house. TrumpRussia.
Nope you can no longer elude us ...the American People with your crying, whining & calling everything fake!! OK Mr. FAKE???
That's why you cheated and courted even begged for Russian involvement. The story is #Trumprussia connection. #impeach
It's all Fake News when it's not benefiting you  Let's not mention how YOU are the one who created Alternative Facts
Hey Con man Donald, remember when you said the rain stopped when you started speaking at inaugural? That was a lie. But you got away with it
There wasn't until So Called Head of FBI released the Mother of all Fake News #ReleaseYourTaxes
I think your pushing "Fake News" is the real scam
We the people elected Donald J Trump.  Not Russia
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump 
You must be so proud, every day, knowing that you won on a technicality, and that 3 million more people voted for the other guy.
Most of your administration is in with Russia. Sorry #Russia is not #fakenews you're the fake one Donny!
Please realize that EVERY time you say #fakenews it makes you look even less competent.
The media agencies r nothing more then businesses that r extension of the corrupt govmnt.  Treat them as businesses & deal w their owners.
Hey Comrade:I've made my own resolution! "Every time Conald post INSANE bullshit, I'll post the checklist for a #ClinicalPsychopath." #EVERY
If it's a scam why are you so worked up about it, Donald?
shut up
Your Presidency is a SCAM zFAKE MINORITY prz along with the PERVERTS at FAKE FOX NEWS
SORO'S MEDIA, they do the same thing over seas. LePen and Putin know the media is only reporting the globalist view. Prison for Soros!
Only phony here is you, "so-called President" Dump.
You are a con artist like any used car salesman. Your success is fake news. #ImpeachTrump
FAKE PRESIDENT
you are the fake president that said the election it was rigged for you, You called on putin to release Hillary's emails & he did.
Please Mr.Pres.Dont spend your time on these sidetrack stories,work on your agenda,forget the naysayers and so will everybody else
Then explain Rex Tillerson getting the friendship Medal from Putin. Explain Mike Flynn asking for immunity in exchange for his testimony?
You are the phony, the scam, the fake. We all know you're scared AF about the truth coming out. #putinsbitch #traitor #russianhookerurine
@geoff_deweaver ,, am in with you for this
Just remember folks, whatever deviant Donald accuses anyone of, he definitely guilty of that malfeasance.  Total fucking grifter!
@maddenfollower well we got your back right up to the point you let every body off with no charges then your the swamp too
#TrumpTrain ran over the #libtards. Why is nobody moving yet? #MileyCyrus #whoopie follow #rosie

Oh, like you won? As in winning?  Nope, don't see it. RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA #peepeetape #Trumprussia #RESIGN
And you would know a scam! Face it, you're screwed.
We Love You POTUS!
Don't you wish. You're not getting away with #RussiaRussiaRussia. #FailingTrumpAdministration
why then have you threatened Comey, got the one in charge to leave, refused to provide taxes and done the scam with Nunes?
Again, #Trump , it is the FBI & House & Senate Intel Cmtes that are investigating Russia story . We are covering their investigations
Yep most of us see right through there deceitful lies Mr Trump. No worries the fake news & libtards have been exposed.Pandora box is opened
#TRUMPISALOSER
And yet your Russian ambassador, the FBI, CIA, and even people in your defense department say that Russia meddled in the election.
- The Scam is Putin Bought Your Election - You are A FAKE PRESIDENT - PUTIN PUPPET #DONTHECON #TRUMPRUSSIA
It is the same "Fake President" who said "over 3 million ppl voted illegally" who is now pushing the phony "Russia is a phony story" story.
Dude, you have no idea how sick you are do you? U lie like other breathe, this is all a big con for u. I feel sorry for ur supporters
Dear Trump! Stop bombing Mosul civilians! Take an example from Russia, as Russia defeated the IG in Aleppo
You have become enriched by Russian ties since the 80's when you were whooping it up at Studio 54, New Yorkers know.
But that same media also didn't know you were colluding with Russia to commit election fraud!!!
It's not fake news when Flynn says he wants to tell all but only if he gets immunity. That's a guilty man.
Hey Donny, can you say Alimzhan Tursunovich "Taiwanchik" Tokhtakhounov, the Russian mobster you hung out with? #SpecialProsecutor #TinyHands
No. Trump University was a total scam for which you paid $25-million. The FBI investigation into #TrumpRussia is REAL.
Please move past the campaign. What is wrong with you?
Haters are going to hate! You shine through all their BS! Proud you are my president! America is great because you are our leader!
no, you'll be fucked eventually once the truth comes out. You know it's coming...
Hey 45 I think when u get SOOOO TIRED of winning u will stop the secrecy, lies &obfuscation & get to actual governing! #GROWUP
The same media uncovered enough about Watergate to lead to Congressional investigations which they then reported on. Same deal now.
So, offering an opinion on which candidate might win an election is the same as a fact-gathering commission on treasonous activity? Jesus.
Trump loves Putin just doesn't want Americans to know how much! #TrumpsInBedWithRussia
Your campaign stuff were courting the America's enemy to flip the election your way!
And they did!

All your tweets are the proof of that!
Hey Con man Donald, you still have w chance of a pardon before Pence gets involved too. Golden Showers in Prison are not what u r used to.
Totally caught
2017 turning out to be year America got the most corrupt president in history
Fact: You're a traitor whose days of freedom and doing as you please are numbered. We know it. You know it. It's just a question of when.
MR T, YOU FOUND THE MEDIA'S BUTTON TO PUSH. ALL MSM HOSTS ARE ACTUALLY SCARED SHIT TO SAY ANYTHING FAVORABLE ABOUT YOU, THEY WILL BE FIRED.
These attempts to deflect attention from TrumpRussia are not working.  #TrumpRussia #Resist #NunesMustResign #TheResistance
the only thing fake here is your tan & your administration. keep blustering, you sound scared. #fraud #liar #FakePresident
They were right that you had no path to victory (if they even said that) that is until the Russians stepped in. #RussiaGate
You are the phony DT.  Faux News can't save you.
Hello? Mr. President your brain washing techniques is not working anymore We The People see your deceptive tactics. We all know the truth.
Do you really think anyone believes what you say?
.@realDonaldTrump Logical people should think "thou doth protest too much" whenever I bitch about Russia. #trumprussia #NotMyPresident
We believe them over you!
You would think someone who is so close to impeachment would choose their words more intelligently. But you run head-on into childishness.
How would you explain the FBI investigation into your collusion?
Is this the pot calling the kettle black with your fake wiretapping claim fake statements about healthcare?

Yes! These "polls" are made up. I took my own poll,  DO NOT BELIEVE THE MSM. Podesta HRC have ties to Russia. Where's the outrage? Uruanium?
You lost the popular vote by close to 3 million. Who's the scam now?
.@realDonaldTrump Logical people should think "thou doth protest too much" whenever I bitch about Russia. #Anonymous #theresistance
 Don't you tire of tweeting rubbish? Ever? #RussiaGate #ATN
# Fack NEWS
Your victory was fake Mr. fake president. I just have a feeling that your victory was bogus and criminal. Time will tell so-called prez!
Trump is a traitor.  Trump is a traitor.  Traitor-Trump.  Traitor Trump.
