#ImpeachTrump
Yesterday's tweet said Amazon was destroying jobs and the country. Which is it?
Did you thank Amazon for hiring an additional 50,000 in August?
You will ruin this country
#MAGA
Just going to make some popcorn and watch you wreck.
You had NOTHING to do with the current state of the economy or jobs. You're still riding on Obama's coat tails.
I wonder if these guys had permits
Keep riding that Obama wave Mr Trump.

The best president of all time
Just watch.

When @realDonaldTrump folds and shuffles away in shame into obscurity, they will say,
"But you never gave him a chance!"
Thank you Mr. President!  You're doing an amazing job .. despite the stupes from all sides coming at you!
They're looking smaller then when Obama was the POTUS. You called hem fake back then.
So much WINNING! Keep it up Mr. President 
#makingAmericagreat
Just shut up already.
You first New Zealand
@PhoenixPrideAZ @PhoenixParks @PhoenixSymphony @UofA @AZCardinals @AZDemParty @ArizonaDerby @AZStarSports @PhoenixSportsM @PhoenixVoluntrs
As CEOs bail out of ur council because they abhor ur racism and refusal to call out those who endorse ethnic cleansing
Russian Racist Liar
I know thanks to Obama not you again like inheriting millions from your father you're taking credit for other people's hard work #TrumpLies
They were looking great under Obama too, you stooge. He had the difficult job.
Please be open and show us your going to be honest from now on
No thanks to you

#STFU YOU Nazi endorsing racist mofo.
News people need to help with all the tv time they spend on this. Everybody needs to speak up and change  all people make mistakes speaking
Unlike your approval numbers! 
Thanks god for President Trump
MAGA 
 7 YEARS,  5  MONTHS,  4  DAYS, 02 HOURS,  29  MINUTES, 58  SECONDS
Then onto #46 -  First female president!
 in your (wet) dreams!!! 
Hmmmm....  I remember this one time, demos said that before.... When was it again? 
You continue to take credit for things you didn't do, and try and evade responability for what you actually do. Send Linda M back to WWE.
"High Crimes and Misdemeanors" here comes the IMPEACHMENT!!!!
Doesn't matter what you do from this point on..your legacy is set.   Donald J. Trump will be remembered as a bigot, racist and hate monger.
Mr. President are you aware, country is deeply divided and polarized more than ever, and you are not helping to fix it.
#NoTrumpRallies
No, no they're not. Lowest Jan-July numbers in 5 years.
3 Years, 5 Months, 3 Days, 4 Hours, and 58 Seconds
Robot
#ThanksObama
Thanks to Obama. You're just riding his wave.
We are waiting, @POTUS for you to make this happen. So far, It ain't looking too good. The Secretary should bring you to Gambardella's fish house. They are hurting thanks to Obama.
By 'meetings" I assume you mean games of golf???
Like this
Linda Ct real citizens stand with you
GREETINGS.JOB NUMBERS LOOKING  GREAT!BRAVO....KEEP IT UP!!!
This is how people feel about you
No president in history has faced such monumental decisions.  #Tax reform. #Hamptons. #The buck stops here.#Goal: Peace for all time.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, monthly jobs created has been on the same trajectory since 03/09. You haven’t changed a thing
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
So right....
@POTUS remember to give
New York City & State a hometown discount...

#Subsidies 
MTA Fares $1.   Express Fares $2

#ThankYou
ya Obumers less than 2% growth killing jobs with his Obumercare scam, and funny how all the jobs are in industries Obumers try to end

No amount of job numbers will undo the damage you have inflicted on U.S. and 'race relations.'
Fact!
There are no jobs. But I kinda wish an intern would give you a blow job so we can impeach your racist ass. You're demented. Resign.
Linda and Vince...Champions of small Business! As long as it’s not competing against theirs!
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!...
Honestly no 1cares We simply desire ur phone b corrupted n U tk on th challenge of remaining silent until Mueller or Kim Jong Un silence u
There was a day when Nazis were ashamed to admit they were Nazis.... Then you were elected President!
Soon, trumps followers will be hiding in shame.
Thanks to you, psychiatric evaluations will be required for all future presidents.  #BreakingCrazy

He did condemn the Neo-Nazis so what exactly are you talking about?
Without getting into an argument, can u please explain why u voted for him and still support him?
The economy is booming. Over 1 million employment within 7 months of taking office. Stock market at record high. He's revived the coal...
I'm sorry but he makes shit up and people just believe him. He's a liar
Says you. I see for myself. Unless you're telling me I'm so dumb that I can't even 'spell my name.'
#TRUMPTRAIN #potus45 anger w/ #JohnMcCain #JeffFlake is holding campaign rally Tue Aug 22 in #PHOENIX to pardon #arpaio for racism. #RESIST
I want you all to watch this segment and tell me what you think of Donald afterwards #VelshiandRuhle
Many meetings in Muellers camp including who veers ratting you out. Your impeachment is looking great.
Job numbers you inherited from Obama. Big scores like Foxconn won't benefit Wisconsin for 25 years. Hardly your victory.
Hey look at me! I'm Donald and I have important meetings because I'm important and being POTUS means having important meetings 
Which are still from the Obama economy. 
Yes lots of new jobs for Nazis and right wing terrorists 
Your the man Donald  be strong keep winning for America 
Wtf does he think Americans are all as stupid as he is #Amendment25
It's a carry over from OBAMA ADMINISTRATION!! No thanks to your efforts!
Thank u Obama
Art of the Deal.  Bullshit.
#maga thank you Mr President Rinos/Dems have declared you Lame Duck
And business leaders are fleeing from you
Stay strong your supporters love you and we stand by you
All you worry about is numbers. And Obama if you took all this energy you have comparing numbers and past Presidents, you can do your job..
Wait. You still taking credit for Obama's tireless work? That's low. Oh wait...
No better than Obama on average.
How's the stock market today? Oh tanking because you are nuts? Awesome

and you must thsnk Barack Obama if you inherited a booming economy. which I bet you'll break
You lie like a rug.....
Like the rug on your head.   #PutzPOTUS
Dear Diary, 

This is a fact that I can back up by no numbers. 

Love @realDonaldTrump
You are failing more hugely than anyone has ever seen. Everyone is saying so. Believe me. Sad! #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #TrumpMustGo
Still lower in the 6 months compared to Clinton, Bush and Obama.
Sir, I'm a self imposed recovering addict & my innovation books are full, plz look for similar people in your nation: there's K's of them
Mr. President:
The word "Team "does not have the letter "I",please get your team together
I think you're doing an exceptionally well job as our president. All is distractions to keep Public's Eye off the greatness you are doing.

#AwesomePresident
Love your work Sir.
Keep your head up .
You are the winner 
#winner

By meetings I am assuming you mean your ignorant tweets.
So glad President Obama was able to raise our jobs numbers and the stock market. Its obvious you only golf and tell LIES!
Real American Patriots are standing with you to fight this hate filled media "show" that is taking place in our country. God bless you
6 senate votes from impeachment.. SIX! 6 senate votes from impeachment.. SIX!
Keep up the Great Work!! Make America Great Again!! 
Really? How intriguing.
Sure
I support you

Are they renewable energy jobs? Hoping! :)

Thank you, Obama!
Have a great day Mr President. Great news about your job figures. Keep up the good work.
Stroke out you POS
Yes we need more lawn help due to your golf talents.  Pass the pizza
Thank you obama!!!!!!!
looking  great  fir impeachment
Keep tweets informational and not emotional. Luck to you in efforts to help hard working Americans . Sad about Congress and Senate no help
Thank you Mr. President.
4% GDP! WOOOOOO HOOOOOOO! #MAGA INDEED!
Fake news and you know it
That is because Barack Obama left you a great economy,in seven months you have done nothing!
great thanks to «obama.
No matter your #beliefs, #ISIS #AlQaeda #Nazi #NeoNazi #WhiteSupremists  #WhiteNationalist all breathe the same #hate at the same #country
What numbers? From my side, it is looking bleak
#thanksobama

Job numbers have nothing to do with you. Or did you forget that you are still looking at Obama numbers?
Big corporations never where most legally protect than in Obama-Clinton administration. It is easy having small group of big donors
Go President Trump! everything you have said I agree with you! Love you brother Trump! You are doing a awsome job. God Bless You
We just can't get enough of those low wage jobs.
You boast about creating 1m jobs Jan to July. It's the lowest figure in 5 years:
'13: 1.12m
'14: 1.50m
'15: 1.35m
'16: 1.24m
'17: 1.07m
The irony: Bannon had the popular ideas! Infrastructure! Taxing globalists! Trump is left w whatever Charles Koch scrawled on a napkin.


Everything will turn against this president unless he stops fighting with everyone. Pass healthcare and taxes THISYEAR
Much ado about nothing, while Rome burns. Try renumbering your legions, I hear it worked for Commodious.
This was a shitty day thank you for talking down the market

Define, "Job numbers."

Dang! Even @Malala tweets about college choice out pace yours. Sad!
If Trump is soooo bad why is the new dem platform essentially word for word what Trump ran on, that's how dumb they think you are
The TRUTH!!!!
Great over use of exclamation points you loser
Thanks Obama 
Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) is a type of progressive dementia that leads to a decline in thinking, reasoning and independent function
NOTE how LONG it took our job market to BEGIN RECOVERY from "Tax Cuts 4 the Elite 1%" policies the LAST time GOP governed America. #TrumpCON
The job numbers are real now???? yesssssss!
#ThanksObama!!!
Yes 45. Job numbers look great in spite of you. Time for you to RESIGN NOW.
Thank you Mr. President!
Thank you for a stellar cabinet. God bless you and God bless America. #MAGA
Stay focused.
. Your # is 34%
They are no different than the previous 6 months. Actually a tiny bit better under Obama. So, sorry, you're lying again. Just stop, please.
Good to see many Obama initiatives at work!!!
Worst job numbers Jan to July in 5 years. 
#UnfitToServe #ImpeachTrump
https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/CES0000000001?output_view=net_1mth …
You ain't looking so great. Instead of being president you could be a grand dragon. Just a suggestion...
Less than 30% approval 
You do know SBA is NOT a cabinet position, right?
274 point drop on Wall St! Well done Trump, well done!
Great! I'll let .@POTUS44 know. They're his numbers. Thanks!
#MAGA

Which number would you like: 24601. Oops already taken in Les miserables. How about converting your slogan & year. 1317145 W/400lb Russian
I know right! @BarackObama did such a good job!
Sorry, your numbers are down from @BarackObama numbers. You are inadequate and you'll never measure up.
Absolutely nothing about your presidency is "looking great."
#ThanksObama
Job numbers look great because of the groundwork laid by President Obama, the greatest President in recent history!
Are they? Great! Are most of the jobs focused on sewing white sheets and circle cutting? Bet you fill those positions quick!!! 
Job numbers may be great somewhere but not here. Unemployed now for 15 months. Educated & experienced. Are you hiring? I'm on linked in.
HOW ABOUT THAT STOCK MARKET TODAY??? 
Thanks to Obama!
Most small businesses rob people and hang them out to dry! #CrazyAmericaWhileYourInOffice! @TheDemocrats @KyDems
Those aren't your numbers. Credit goes to the black President who preceded you, and now surpasses you in every single way.
You are the definition of a leader Mr. President; coward resign and run for the tall grass the second they think popular opinion turning.
Interesting, not so to those of us who work.
The job numbers are NO BETTER than @BarackObama. You need to do much much better before you start crowing about how good they are.
But yet I can't get one
. Eat you cake slob!
Face it.  You could have taken your dad's loan and parlayed it into 5 times as much dough just by letting it ride on the S&P 500.
I think only the bots are answering you.
Did you invite Mueller?
Thank you for the jobs Obama!


Running AMERICA like a business. FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY and SUSTAINABILITY. THANK YOU Mr. PRESIDENT.
