60 سال پیش هنگام شکست چپگرایان در ایران و استقرار شاه به کمک امریکا. بدستور رهبریت شوروی و کا گ ب نیروهای طرافدار شوروی در ایران میبایست در زیر عبای ایت الله ها مخفی و در زمان لازم بیرون و استفاده میشدند. کاری که امروز به وقوع پیوسته است.
you are the only terror in amaerica
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Co...
Racist.
Name calling is common in the Hillary party. Sorry I refuse to belittle U no matter how  much I may disagree. I just block. Have a nice day
Yes!
The threat from radical White Nationalist terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in #Charlottesville. Courts must act fast!
can  we use lansquenet to clean up the terrorism?is that too expensive?
Hi
Then why send catholics where they would be persecuted?

☆☆☆Happy Birthday. You are what America's creed is about. GOD BLESS YOU. Proud to call you POTUS.
Islamic is Islamic
Can you explain just what you intend to do about white supremists who are murdering innocent Americans? You stirred up this hatred #youownit
...and now after winning election you have changed your mind about Radical Islam...?
But dont stop me from selling arms to Saudis!!! #hypocricy #IslamicTerrorism #pakistan
#SaudiArabia he wants to ban you #MUSLIMBAN

#BREAKING: Trump avoids term "radical Islamic terrorism" during speech http://hill.cm/uksDFLJ  
Speaking of terror, can't wait for your impeachment! Oh and don't worry about the crowd size. There will millions to come watch u kicked out
Still there on comments since election.  Courts reviewing now
France is closing their boarders now because of the terrorist. They see that what they were doing was putting their citizens at risk
Sadly, America's treasonous leftist/activist courts did act fact... in favor of the invading islamists!
No children of god couldn't be attack in world. Agree with your action in Syria great Christian thing to do
re-read art of the deal and saw your devotion to Ivana, bring her voice here
,@PaulTArkwright , I guess Mr Paul , you don' t recognize  the US president,  don't worry, another Hitler is on his way .
POTUS Trump calls it correctly AGAIN!!!!
Ya Sir America In Danger Bcz Its Superpower Country.. Look At Their Extreme Way.. U better be careful b4 anything hpnd..
oh my gid. My neighbor got hit by a train. Gotta shut them down. I am next!
To He'll with the courts....YOU must ACT FAST
#MAGA.
and there's only one way to deal with them. Destroy their ideology
Don't spend millions to learn what the rest of the world knows! Saudi, UAE Egypt account for 94.1 of terror attacks.
How many people protest if Israel was listed Then you'll see bigoted hate
on a people that have been fighting for 5000 years lol
the threat which is ongoing right now in America is the radical-left domestic terror groups, Soros funded.
Courts must act fast to teach you the Constitution-you're a President, not a Dictator. Do you know the difference?
news flash. We had a dictator for 8 yrs. what to eat, what cars to drive, and what ins to buy just to name a few
I recommend researching what a dictators regime actually is.
@POTUS @VP @Reince45 @WhiteHouse 

You call the Shots Sir!
 You have the POWER whether they like it or NOT!
Thank goodness Obama already increased the vetting process for those seven countries.
what a bunch of crap!
You are un-patriot, love Russia more than our own country, go live there you traitor to USA.
NO press conference till you know what you're talking about.  Ignorance isn't an excuse you can use. UnAMERICAN
Resign, we can't afford your lavish lifestyle and hotels for Sec. Serv. Agents for you & your family.
Funny, not a single American was killed by a national of the countries you banned. From those you excused, however....
@POTUS that sounds like President Bannon composed that nonsense. Hillbilly Racist are a much more threat to the nation.
yes Yell it! We support you!
absolutely Americans r going against themselves? Common sense is lacking. Ban them! Vet all entering US! God bless POTUS
The left is nothing more than Soros brainless army. It might take civil war to fix this.
you people have robbed africa,india,etc etc now middle east of all our wealth and knowledge.u cant run from KARMA
you trump trying to steal obamacare and slap your name to it just shows what you british scums have been doing for 600yrs.
humans cant recognize the devil even when the devil is choking them by they neck.
war is just a massive business with no humanity just commodity.peace is just an idea not a fact.
stop colonising middle east and you will not have terrorism.u r murdering civilians.let them modernize they country.
n the Crown Building elevator with  Donald and Ivana when they were bringing Donny to see the staff on the second floor...
back on,first joined in 2009. I am presently re-reading Trump's "The Art of The Deal." Old news may be perspective news,
please shut up.
Hey, hey and HEY!
Living in Europe : what IS happening here??? 
And : NO, I am not a muslim. 
I just hate YOUR kind of fakenews.
Lightning on the golf course is a bigger threat.
your legacy will echoes for generations to come ,thank you!
please help us make the state of Jefferson happen.
please remember the northern part of California, north of Sacramento, is red.
who gets all the money that goes in to the health care system?
maybe they are watching us try their microwaves
GERMANY 
DER SPIEGEL 
READS: Year 2007
Mecca Germany
The silent Islamization
你们在说啥我看不懂
@POTUS there r no terrorist from the countries listed on TB.These r mostly Muslim countries,so therefore it is a Muslim ban
Impreach Trump NOW. You're a National embarrassment.
that's what I'm talking about GO TRUMP!!!!!!# TEAM TRUMP waltersingh209@gmail.com
دریغ است ایران ویران شود.کنام پلنگان و شیران سود.چو ایران نباشد تن من وباد
ashole
As history shows, politicians fail to act until after the damage has already been done.....after lives are tragically lost!
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
You wouldn't know what was happening unless you were physically in the area itself. Like you said, fake media.
just  stop to talk about  islam 1st of all  lead ur  country well trump don't  forget  that  u r leading  USA nt ur family
oh plz stop giving us fake fox news and stop scaring the american people
cerf
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
please give examples of what is happening in Europe.
with you Mr Président Trump hi  beautiful day for you 
your fearmongering won't work- we don't believe your lies!
.@realDonaldTrump Oh, they are!
the history books  could tell you who is behind all of this mess.
no one believes your side show tricks of fake news and fake terror attacks. Give up Donald. You lost. Sad!

Who funds ISIS?
let's focus on just radical terrorism. You broaden your scope and also don't taint Islam. Win win.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
what is happening ??? As you said the Media does not cover it. Lol come onnnnnn

blah,blah, blah.....you're getting boring, mr president
I dont give a rats ass care what the Dems or libs think I care about our nation and our families I am with you POTUS!
https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/02/06/report-trump-not-fully-briefed-on-exec-order-that-gave-bannon-seat-at-nsc-meetings.amp.html …
Threat from bat shit crazy #SoCalledPresident & White Supremacist #PresidentBannon is very real. Congress must #ImpeachNow!
we fully agree Mr. President
