You could stop murdering people all over the world
Hope you're going to church today since you say you're a Christian.
And again this could have prevented 4 years ago by the last dip $hit!!!
Your idiocy is making GWB looking pretty damn smart...
Seriously! Take the phone away. We don't need angst, we need calm and responsible people minding our earth.
How about full funding for diplomacy. It's much cheaper and safer than constant military responses. Kids don't die from diplomatic responses

There's always choices. Your simple mind is hazardous to our world.
shouldn't you be in church?
Speak less and do more！
Frankly Trump we don't care or believe one word u say. You are bigly despised by most of America
What's worth defending when you're ruining everything that makes America great?
It was. And then you wasted a bunch of very powerful bombs.
It was already quite strong, Donald. Remarkably strong.
The US defense spending is higher than the others because all the others needs us to be the grown-ups and help them stop using this chart
And just like spoiled kids when they need to do or pay something they start crying about it
Awesome. Glad to hear it @realDonaldTrump, Lets get em. N korea is only 47k miles wide.. Lets take 50k Moabs and level it. No more problem
Frankly the USA has had the strongest military for decades. You have no clue what you're doing or talking about.  SAD!
Your not doing a good job dude
no choice????? You are causing war!!!
No choice at all when our President wants to start a war just to divert our attention from his Russian ties. Classy.
Days ago, Trump said nobody can compete with US military technology and equipment
"What we have in terms of [military] tech, nobody can even come close to competing" - Trump, who wants $54B DOD bump
We already spend more on defense than the next seven countries combined, and yet we're gutting agencies to fund a defense spending increase
please cross reference other sources you posted?  One source doesn't substantiate truth..
It was stronger than ever before BEFORE you started dumping on it & letting @IvankaTrump run it.
There is always a choice, always. But your CEO buddies wouldn't make as much $, right? How much defense stock do you own? RELEASE YOUR TAXES
signed EVERYONE it's Easter man can't you take a fucking break from the gloom and doom of war
You have said "Happy Easter". Now please stay off social media on this holiest of days. They can wait until tomorrow.
What channel are you watching right now? I'm trying to figure out what you are responding to. You need to leave.
Ah.   CNN. Good to know!!! That Fox News channel is nutty one sided with little to no true facts.

I'm Xz will a AAA w hi iyyeG"
#Maga
Happy Easter to u and your family we all love you and r with u all the way keep it fair for all Americans
Our military has weaponized Canada Geese, careful around golf courses.
Resign Nazi Russia Russia Russia
Do tweets like this give you an erection, Little Donny? #SCROTUS
Gearing up to destroy the world so you can rebuild in your hate filled image
Please release your tax returns
I think Donnie picked Pence as VP because he's even more boring. #IdiotInChief
If you keep bombing people and killing civilians, like Obama did, you'll keep making enemies. Stop the wars.
Thank you, @realDonaldTrump for this Easter basket sequence of five of the most unhinged and ridiculous presidential tweets ever!
Thankfully there is a choice to impeach you! Tick tock, tick tock
Stop talking about violence on a day like today.
Why today is as good as any other day
Go to church this morning.
Go to church this morning.... Invest in some respect....
Respect is earned.
.... and he did.... Did you see the map?? It's so red it looks like a crime scene photo!
Except he lost the popular vote.
He won the popular vote in 37 states. Your argument is a good example of why we use the electoral college.
PRECISELY!!!
The majority of Americans who voted did not vote for him.
The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed, the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress.
Who ever the fuck voted you president has the same amount of responsibility to hundreds of lives that will be potentially lost
well I guess when u r close to 100yrs u tend to tink like a child
Obama's military budget. Obama's military...
#FakePresident #HitlerWannabe  So how soon before you start yelling like your idol, for "Total War" against the rest of the world.
We do have a choice! You just always make the wrong choice! #TheResistance #impeachTrumpnow #Losing #ScienceNotSilence #RESIST
We have many choices-none require a nuclear exchange with any enemy.Use the GBU 57 a/b and MOP to destroy NPKs leadership base and palace

YES YES and double YES..pound n. Korea and Syria hard and IRAN especially hard!
Oh yes we do have a choice! Only small illiterate minds think otherwise.

Certainly true with you in office. WW3 is around the corner, based solely on your inability to act like an adult.
That's because we have an unstable leader who wants to have the biggest defense, but nothing to defend!
We have a choice, continue to expose you.
Of course it is
We need to have a strong military to deal with your unpredictability 
The same happened in Germany when Hitler came to power
War is a big money maker. And you owe lots of money and favors. Frankly you had no choice.
Fighting against ourselves. Sell nothing to no foreign country. Keep something for the US to fight back with. Bring all our soldiers home
And shut down all foreign bases. Protect ourselves. See how long people against the US last.
So incompetent!
THIS is the Fake News
Game over 45; NEVER MY PRESIDENT
he makes me puke
I thought you cared about the American people and said "less wars".
#proud your my prez. #keep America strong
Please be careful
SHOW US YOUR TAXES!!!!!
We have no choice now that stupid people put you in charge of our military...
No Means No
#ImpeachTrump #RESISTANCE #impeachTrumpnow
Picking fights so we escalate to war is all you so yes you have a choice.   #votedemocrat
I only hope when they attack us back, they hit Mar-a-Lago first!

Fun Fact!!
This is really sad  
God chose what is weak in the world to shame the strong;
Oldest WWII Veteran, 110 years old. Maybe he could give you some wisdom donnie boy
You haven't submitted a budget which means you haven't added a dime's worth of spending which means, as usual, YOU ARE A LIAR! #Trumprussia
LMAO!  First thing is, they need to learn to go in the RIGHT direction, don't U think? Might want to invest in EYE EXAMS B4 deploying
LMAO, its not because of you!
MAGA!  We support you, Mr. President!
nobody likes you
yes we do have a choice keep peace in the world by trying diplomacy but I guess you'll lose your supporters if you do that.
Oh yer let's do it you have my permission Mr president
There is always a choice you pudd pulling warmonger.
Of course we have a choice. Back off before you start World War III
Your military needs a map so they know where to go.
@CIA Who forced you then? Kim? A God who has no needs? http://paparty.co.uk/direct_democracy_and_religion.htm#1 …
We have a number of choices. We could, say, start funding our space program a lot more, so that we can then colonize other planets, on which
Yr Old to be so, so Insecure.
thanks to your rhetoric you are speaking to the world; I don't hear any of historical allies supporting your ideals
Our military was and is already the strongest in the world you just are dying to start WWIII. #impeachTrumpnow #FakeNewsPresident
You really think people believe you anymore? You have proved to be dishonest.
It was strong way before you came along to use it as your toys to satisfy your warmongering mentality. Our choice would be peace with all
Yes, you DO have a choice. You know, the less powerful you feel, the more powerful you try to act. #FailBigly
So idont want any sore,plague,lesion,wound,scourge,laceration,minus to the U.S and any american.
In better more experienced hands. Not just billionaire cronies, but those who truly are servants of Am. not just building wealth & brands!
Buy more cargo planes to bring our military home in coffins. please don't  disrespect them by being there after your recklessness kills them
Greatly, but the Japanese and Koreans want to know where in the world is the armada? Oh, Australia now, next?
we love you trump
This statement has been rated: uncommonly stupid.
they were strong before you. you have tarnished them with your goofs in ordering illegal military action.  plus strikes failed. #disgrace
this guy isn't going to stop until all of our children go to war.
Why did you lie about sending a "very powerful armada" to the North Korean peninsula? FAKE news president!
RIGHT ON MR PRESIDENT 
How is it building, becoming stronger?The MOAB was built in 2003. So what exactly have you done to make it stronger?
There are tons of choices! Think!
How is it that you didn't serve your country during Vietnam, but now you want to send the sons and daughters of others to play your game?
How is it building? You're still working off Obama's budget.  You don't have an increased military budget yet.
Stronger than the 80's? Not yet. Not close. Stop with #alternativeFacts.
No we had no choice it was your choice
If we die of nuclear war. I swear I'll haunt you, get this shit together.
As someone who served f/decades I know it doesn't happen that fast. Please Mr President, no hyperbole, we're not stupid.
Then help the northkorean people and the syrians. If you dare #covardtrump
Pffft.  Not with you in office we don't.
Yes we do. It's called diplomacy. It's called not bombing 7 countries and threatening 4 more. Closing some of the 1000 foreign bases.
Donald Trump is a very brave man he got guts he only a danger to his enemies
BS.we spend more on military than any other country in the world-exponentially! Needs to be remanaged, not increased.
The stupid DT and his flunkies will start WW III ; and get a lot of red-neck, right-wing-nut Americans' sons and daughters killed.
Frankly you have absolutely no idea what you're doing.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump Support you 
Thank  you Obama !!!!
The world needs peace...
Why, because you can't wait, to start a war?
You have a choice.  You just choose to abuse your position.
um
ha ha. We spend more on the military than any other country.
Hey Donald ,where are your ships ? Woops not heading towards Korea as you said ,could it be you have no clue ?
How's that heel spur? Which foot? Doesn't seem to affect playing golf, does it? You had a choice in the 60's & you failed.
He can't make good on any of his promises, so he's found that he gets attention by sending missiles over to some country. All about him.
Loose lips sink ships. Good thing you don't have a clue where the USS Carl Vinson strike group is. Go golfing and keep America safe.
Choose to :  educate our young, feed our homeless, care for veterans, improve infrastructure, provide healthCARE, better the environment.
Smart move! Build the military
,  U draft dodger.   U have no right to even mention our Military.   Ur still running from Nam lying trump
Did you mean to say, "Frankly, we have no reason"? The US' GDP doesn't demand military spending when we already spend so much.
because your family skin is not there (war field)
There is always a choice. You need more education and information
All of sudden we have a strong Milatary. Really what an ego...
Thanku so much for rebuilding our military. We are a strong + brave country again!
Don't you need taxes for that?
Please improve your lexicon.
Our military strength is unmatched. Your empty rhetorics are designed to play on fear and loot our tax dollars for your rich friends

Tons of haters commenting. What a bunch of sh*t losers#MAGA #GetALife #GoAwayNonFactors
And the education system is worse than ever. Congrats.
Have you been talking to warmonger Hillary, Mr. President?

Our military has been the strongest in the world since the 40s.  All you have done is blame them for failure in Yemen.
Yr an idiot.
send it
We have choice.  It's called diplomacy - working with allies such as @NATO  Pls don't get us into war to distract from #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Thank you.
Heck I'm not sure, but let's sale all of our technology to every country as everyone wants. That way when all Hell breaks lose we will be
We love you President Trump. Make America great again
frankly we have many.  Don't see your children in uniform.

Over 90 senators voted to not use military action in Syria while Obama was president! You blame him for ! executive action
we do impeachment. Impeachment. Get you out. Great deal maker loser.!! You really lost and you know it. 
Sure sounds like a German leader in 1938...
The military was always there. You did not understand as you are a draft dodger with alleged bone spurs. I served. Nobody in your family has
You are pandering to fool and fear.  Sad.
Where is your negotiations skill ?
Now we really don't thanks to you & your big mouth!!!
oh for Gods sake! Give it a rest and go hit another golf ball!
Last time I checked the us military does not have 8,000 cruise missiles to destroy NPKs artillery batteries-or mobile units
It's frankly the only way you'll stay in office at this rate.
War is never an option, no winners there... think what you are doing for God's sake...
yes you do war monger, its called taking care of the poor, homeless and the elderly.
We are not fooled by your attempt to distract us from your obvious Russian connections! You like to start wars, but wouldn't serve in any!
Actually we do. Peace through diplomacy
Godspeed. #MAGA 
There is ALWAYS a CHOICE. This will rest on you. Don't go to war. You yourself said , bad idea, no return.
not actually fan of Donald Trump. His administration is out of touch with the working class. needs to stay off twitter and do his job....
LOL.. says who? How is it building?  Who says these things?
Da Fuq?
