
You just hit yourself with a hammer trump
Thank you.
Donald, enough with the excuses already there are severe issues going on throughout the country. What does it take for you to do the job you were elected to do and fix it a court order or something? You need to be impeached.
thomas jefferson sent im the marines and muslem terrorist didnt bother us for 179 years
You are a cynical like no other after so, so many lives for lost, your comment is no help, no solace!
Look at that, 30 thousand retweets! Most likely by his moronic fan base.
the second amendment is the safest it will ever be thank you president trump
Fake news!
Pershing wrote that "The bodies [of the Moro outlaws] were publicly buried in the same grave with a dead pig.” https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_J._Pershing#Spanish.E2.80.93_and_Philippine.E2.80.93American_wars …
Pershing wrote that "The bodies [of the Muslim outlaws] were publicly buried in the same grave with a dead pig.” https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_J._Pershing#Spanish.E2.80.93_and_Philippine.E2.80.93American_wars … …
History PhD expert says that it is debunked.
I reckon Pershing's word will have to do.
Well we all know that Wikipedia is such a reliable source 
Look wherever you want. This time it is truth. The bullet thing isn't believed by many historians. No one is denying what Pershing wrote.
Say you're right. Fine. It's still advocating multiple war crimes. The Geneva conventions weren't just a response to the Nazis.
That's another topic. Not sure about burying Islamist Slugs with pigs... funny but not helpful. I'd settle for rejection of Sharia Law.
Trump knee jerk reaction on Barcelona

Repeat an internet hoax

to justify atrocities

Unfit

Fox:
After a week of equivocation

and false equivalence on domestic racist terrorism
Joint Chiefs show moral clarity in wake of Trump’s equivocation on racism
Sen Corker:

Trump hasn’t shown stability, competence or understanding.
Trump ignores right wing white supremacist terrorism

Anti-Defamation League:
Trump does more than ignore white supremacist terrorism, he encourages them.
and yet he denounced them
And yet when he spoke his heart, he said that there were some good among them.  I wonder one of those good ones was Alex Fields, car driver.

Aggggggg.
Desde que Obama se metio en el pais y desgraciadamente lo sacaron Presidente a desgraciado el Pais, debe estar euforico hay enjuiciarlo
USA is no more as most stupid man is president of this country 
bloody racist and terrorist thinking mind
Maybe u need to check that out. That myth has been totally debunked.
And where were you talking about radical domestic terrorism. No you weren't were you.
There you go with another tall tale... Fake news.
she's twice the man you are you orange pig... GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!!! because the UK is doing three times better then we are thanks to your shit "leadership" just resign and do us all a favor moron
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
The Mind of Moran is a meaningless thought
All these liberals love gays like Shep Smith are   freeloaders like Obama & Hillary. We won!!
You are spreading fake news.  You need to read a real history book not the tabloids. You said you were smart. That was fake news also.
You are right!  There is no other way to deal with these people!  Thank you Sir
This is one time that history should repeat itself.
He used Cavalry from the Indian Wars.
Muslims are gaining ground and taking over towns! Something needs to be done now!
Travel bans & immigration merit that weighs their faith's 'fatal defect rate.' If they were products, they'd be too risky.
General Pershing's way  dealing with terrorists excellent.  no reason why you Mr President can't do the same. PIGS & HOGS!
It's no wonder our country is in the state It's in with all the DemocRATS, leftwing n the bleeding hearts whining about Trump  #Trump2020
do it Me Trump. We stand beside you
That's a great ideal President Trump.  Let's show them we mean business. Pigs blood and a bullet sounds great to me.
Perfect Pershing Punishment!
let them eat cake er. pork
drown them in pigs pee
President Trump...ignore the stupid commies..they spread lies..let them cry and scream at the sky. keep up the great work!
Your quotes are very timely. It brings out the idiots very quickly and without some real thought. MAGA.
History of the Marine Corps indicates that the Barbary pirates were well handled to the very shores of Tripoli. Go get them Mr. President.

Mr T Sung Su is what U need for these mongrels and heathens. http://classics.mit.edu/Tzu/artwar.html 
IT WORKED... And it probably saved more MUSLIM lives, than anyone else... Pershing's actions, were NO MORE "barbaric", than the actions of the Moro insurrectionists of his day... OR the Islamic Jihadists, of today.
do it!
We know the fix let's get it implimented one American like is not worth all the refugee cocktails admitted in with there terrorist element's
It's time America revisits Black Jack Pershing's solution to rid the US of terrorists.
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror...
We don’t have to accept Islamic terror as a way of life. Do whatever it takes with no apologies
How true
#totallytruestory read a history book people!  This happened and will happen against soon #pigbloodbullets will b mandatory

Did you get your history degree from Trump University?
Why do you continue to perpetuate this fabrication about Gen Pershing? Don't you know the difference between fact and fiction you clown!!
Fake name....
Endorsing war crimes?
That story is FAKE NEWS!  Maybe try reading a middle school history book.
A complete fabrication. Never happened. Debunked endless by multiple fact checking sources. Read a book.
Looks like the only one who hasn't studied is YOU! #FatherofFakeNews #DelusionalDonald #PathologicalLiar #UnfitToLead #PresidentDumbAmerica
Study?.... That is so F'n laughable. This is the first and last time I'll ever waste my time on a comment here.
Nancy Pelosi wants all the statues of Confederates removed from the Capitol. Since all the slave owners were Democraps why not remove
All Democrats from the Capitol that way @POTUS could get some work done
That is Fake News!
What is wrong with you?
Islam is a major problem and people need to wake up and realise that read a Quran it's all in that book of hate and terror
Nice research on the facts Donnie Boy
False story.
Good joke mr trump haha 
Donald trump is the Godfather of america...!
He is a vile human being!
Study's for learners. Stick to your National Enquirer & worry about space aliens & how the sun revolves around you.
FYI repeating lies does not make them true.
"A competent leader can get efficient service from poor troops,while on the  contrary an incapable leader can demoralize the best of troops"
LIE, LIE,LIE,LIE!!!
Not true...one more lie of many.
Absolutely! What do the ones who are shocked by that propose instead? You can try to talk to them maybe , ha ha, how ridiculous.
#hairPOS!  :-) #LyingPOS  .... LIES!! .FAKE NEWS from the worst perpetrator of all - 1600!! .. Keep spreadingfakenews.  Don't stop tweeting.
... as it HASTENS your departure sooner! .. #vegasODDS you're GONE by xmas.  :-) (y)
How can you be so ignorant?! It has to be syphilitic dementia!
Yes, but what was done recently - sent to Guan. Bay & then set FREE!
Please go read a history book!!!
#ImpeachTrump
Not true. Again you need to study history. Plus you are promoting committing war crimes. You need to do your homework.
History dolt.  Can’t even respond
It's not about what he did...I WANNA SEE YOU DO SOMETHING GREAT...
Study what my Mother did after hearing one lie. Now where did I leave that bar of Lava?
This has NOTHING to do with Islamic terrorism! U R a racist & a idiot! @realDonaldTrump
study what you did after the Las Vegas massacre, and get back to us on that silencer bill you are considering signing, ok?
Racist phony drivel from a racist phony POTUS.
This is a fake story.   Never happened.
So, you are suggesting that we do the same thing to you and your followers then.... I agree.

*U lost by 3 million people*
study what Americans did to Nixon it next we didn't have an idiot in the whit house till now. make America great again DUMP trump
hey study what Americans did with Nixon and see how we didn't have an idiot in the whit house till now!
What about the American born terrorists?
We need to just do it. The whiners will stop after awhile and no one will for them. The left that is.
Is this the #secretplan ? I love it! We can also draw pictures of Mohammad, they can't look at him! #MAGA trumps ISIS
Got anything to say about white supremacist terror?
Nah,didn't think so.
All historians have debunked the Gen Pershing pig blood bullet story is fake. Those pesky facts.....
he never deleted this tweet -- and this tweet is a lie, right?
He made the punishment worse than death.  And the Survivor tell everyone about it. Effective but cruel and inhumane!
I don't think that's the way to solve the problem in this case. I'm sure it won't come down to that.
i don't give a shit about walls anymore.
That is bullshit!
Those radical Islamic terrorists who aided T.E. Lawrence against the Turks. Disgusting. Should have been deported.
34%
TRUMP SINCE YOU BECAME PRESIDENT THERE HAS NOT BEEN ONE TERRORIST ATTACK IN AMERICA KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK KEEP US SAFE
The stupid is very strong with this statement (since is completely fucking FALSE).
Ummmm he never did that
Way better to study THE LIFE AND TEACHINGS OF JESUS and do what HE would today by personalizing his Spirit of Truth and Idealistic Beauty!
My God, please learn some history and how to separate fact from fiction.
Some #Pershing says : Moslems will not eat pork believing that no one could enter Paradise if there is a swine flesh in their bodies.
You make me sick. I never heard such garbage from a president since I've been alive.

Jeezes. It never happened. Get off the playground with you childish stories. #FakeNews
Wrong
More lies and twisting of truth! You are complicit!
What?
Lie.
Russia
you are the source of FAKE news like this Pershing story. You are a FAKE, PHONY and a FRAUD. Liar.
There r no terrorists. Afghan makes money for uk n usa through cocaine produced made n supplied now under their flas. Shame  shame shame
Of all human knowledge that which is of greatest value is to know the religious life of Jesus & how he lived it! Discover THE URANTIA BOOK!
This more than any other of Pres. Falsehood's confabulations points to sociopathic personality disorder, mental illness.
Execute terrorists, foreign or domestic, no appeal.
We support President Trump.
General Pershing was right. We should do the same to these terrorists.
I look forward to many Klan heads rolling.
Are the cupcakes getting their panties in an uproar again?  LOL!  Love it!
You haven't got a notion about history! These are "fake facts" but they really are false
1. You just suggested war crimes.
2. This never actually happened. Like most of the shit you spew. But, remember-you like to get the facts?

The General Pershing tale about bullets dipped in pig's blood is whopper of a lie.
@Twitter he suggests war crimes as a military tactic and you can't do anything? If only you had rules for this kind of thing... oh wait 
I suggest uou stay home and do your homework as you are flunking out as Prez. Our nation is ashamed of you Dumald Trump.
Will a similar tactic be useful to suppress fundamental-Christian terrorism, American Nasis, and white supremacist?

Lier.
So execute people with ritual blood and flags, and without trials, courts, judges and due process? Destroy America to "protect it"?
Wrong.  As usual. This should have gone through Gen. Kelly, Don.
Let's start w/ keeping those on terror watch lists with Islamic names on them - unlike what Jeh Johnson did w/ the eventual Orlando shooter.
Terror should not be fighted through more terror

You'll believe any silly little story someone dangles in front of you, won't you?
....and False. Another made up (insert most recent lie here) by our mentally deficient Blowhard in Chief.
You are sick, sick man. A lying, infantile, pathologically poisoned and decrepit mind. I cannot wait until you go away forever.
SO UNTRUE AND YOU KNOW IT. UNBELIEVABLE!!!
Fake history Donnie.  We caught you and your Islamophobia.
No proof he did what you imply, you lie, lie, lie!
Please check your sources.  This is not true.  #fakenews
oh Donny, you don't study!

A car driving into a crowd in Barcelona is a terrorist attack, but in Asheville it's not?
Are you referring to Asheville, NC??
You said 42 years before. Which is it?
Just more DJT bullshit. And he has the nerve to tell us he doesn't make comments until he knows the facts.
What he is talking about? , he should atleast read about General Pershing in Wikipedia .. unbelievable
You need to study him, so much you don't know and it was 25 years. You constantly exaggerate everything!
Another lie! Never happened. Unbelievable
You are a wild beast
Are you serious
The roof is on fire. We don't want no water. The roof is on fire! Just resign you ConMan. Impeach Trump NOW.
Study what happens when we destitute piggish Trump : there will never be any piggish head of US state any more.
Two more prominent Republicans are calling you "unfit to serve." Your days are numbered. Listen to Bob Corker.
Sexiest lamps on twitter!!!
