why would Mexico pay for the wall?  You're the one that wants to build it so pay for if yourself. 
the sad part is that neither him or Mexico is going to pay for it,he wants to take it out of tax payers money
i know  he should be the one paying for it though
he should, but I mean I doubt it will even pass through congress with how much money it's going to cost.
that's true
@CNN, it's called a deferred payment! And no, we the ppl are not waiting until they escrow the $$ to build!
lol you realize this is why he was elected.  We are more than willing to pa for it if we must.
I agree. It is either pay for the wall or paid to take care of them once they're here.
It's a great deal and the cost isn't even that much compared to having an open border
totally worth it and the only government program that has my 100% support.
Define "little later". 
Is it like when you promised to release your taxes or repeal and replace obamacare  "little later"?
IF YOU JUST SAID:
 "WE NEED A WALL AND WE WILL WORK TOGETHER AS AMERICANS TO PAY FOR IT" when running you would of had the funding. 
You lied & blew it
Laughable
#FakeNews was right again.
https://goo.gl/A8dmmM 
 'This deal will make me look terrible': Transcripts of Trump's  w Mexico & Australia.
You're screwed!

#FakeNews was right again.
https://goo.gl/A8dmmM 
Trump KNEW Mexico was never paying for the wall, & he doesn't even care if it happens.

Word!
How will you get them to pay? Please enlighten us.
the violence in Chicago is the Mex cartels central distribution point No wall you say?
No, you're fake. Big Time.
makes a lot of sense, well-put. Media is full of crap, Mexico can't wait to pay for it. They're just loaded with liquidity.
Uh no, YOU are!
MSM always lie to the people! Watch alt Right media i.e. InfoWars for the true facts!
please stop deluding yourself about all your support in election. You have no mandate, no majority. So dishonest you are!
They claim Mexico isn't paying for the wall because MEXICO ISN'T PAYING FOR THE WALL.
more like dishonest president
#DonTheCon#DupedByDon
#TreasonousTrump

You don't want to talk about the wall, this is just a rant to change the topic because Meryl Streep owned you tonite! Lol
dishonest trump can't win anything without lying and cheating
President-Elect Delicate Princess still can't get over the smallest slight. Sad!
 @realDonaldTrump
shut up. They won't ever pay a dime for that wall, you know it. What you going to do? Sue them for something you built? 
stop being against the Press. The 1st amendment protects them. Americans will fight for the press over you!
You are delusional and a liar!! Do you have Alzheimer's?? Are you mentally fit to be President??
you are acting like Mexico is your worst enemy, your enemy is in the mirror!
give it a rest Mexico told you to go pound sand
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, we're going to stop trying to give the fourth estate a little campaign bully putdown name, alright?
listen to #MerylStreep. She has some words for you.
Here is Meryl Streep's fantastic speech in it's entirety. #GoldenGlobes 
Welp....
TRUMP,  when will you understand that I am not paying for that fucken wall. Be clear with US tax payers. They will pay for it.
@VicenteFoxQue I just liked this tweet, but then remembered that my tax $$ will pay for this nonsense!?!
More lies from the future king.
you are a joke.....omg
Dishonest Trump says Mexico will be paying for wall just because he said so. Trump is Fake!
Oh, for Pete's sake. Stop whining. "Media is fake!" Media = all TV, radio, newspapers, the Internet.  #whatsWrongWithYou
Fu** what the media says. BUILD IT. We will save that $ by keeping them Out. Bingo They Saved us that much $ to pay 4 it.
you are a pathological liar...Mexico will not be paying and you knew it...CON man extraordinaire
the issue of the day is healthcare - not your Wall. You will be the biggest presidential failure
Every reasonable person who voted for you, right now.
key word: reasonable
Words mean nothing. @realDonaldTrump's promises, less. All that matters is that he can tweet about whatever moves his fluttering  at 3AM.
Everything DJT does has but one goal: re-election. Doesn’t want to be one-term prez. Useful prism to analyze words/actions.
agreed but the path to it is to make his claims/promises unfalsifiable by changing them (if necessary) into hormone-soaked gibberish
Don't you have an actress to abuse for speaking her mind?
You sound Triggered.  Please see your doctor for triggerings lasting more than 4 hours.
Do you Trumpets have a set menu of dipshit tweets to select from, because I'm pretty sure I've got that one before.
yes, these half wits put 'triggered','cuck','snowflake' and 'libtard' in a blender and vomit out the results
the irony is that Trump is the softest, most easily triggered snowflake in the USA
That's why he is always retreating to Twitter, his safe space.
Hippo
potamus!
how about YOU pay for your wall. Mexico will pay you back a little later + interest! Media will be shocked by your SMARTS!
.@realDonaldTrump is straight channeling Wimpy: "I'll have a hamburger, for which I will gladly pay you on Tuesday."
trump supporters should pay for the wall. They'll be reimbursed minus a small trump-approved processing fee.

Lol. It says Page was under investigation before the Steele dossier. Thanks for playing tho.
I find your liberalism to be an insult to our country, this is about illegal surveillance and lies to a high court. This is an attack on America, period..and you make excuses, you really have hate for country if you make any excuses for this behavior. #illegal
I make no excuses. It is an embarrassment to my country. But you're free to define patriotism as you wish, even if it means throwing the FBI under the bus for doing its job. The rest of the world laughs.
I guess the worse part is that the @fbi AND THE @TheJusticeDept created a #fake request to FISA Court and leaked #fake information to all the #fake news networks. Creating hate and discord about a man who only wanted to be in office to make America a better place for everyone
We want to help build the wall! So many would volunteer. Please contact me, PEOTUS Trump. 
Definitely your choice. 
 Great idea!!
I want my name on an electrified brick.
not sure we are going to have those available. 
question for the Trump: how's that wall going to stop the underground border crossing?
It's not. At all.
well, if you're going to waste millions of dollar nothing you can Donate to the Trump Found.... oh wait....
I'd rather you just focus on solving one real problem. Building a wall will do nothing, no matter who pays lol
It's a pivot from his dealings with Russia and now his businesses. See #JaredKushner...
it's media manipulation for sure. No one cares about the wall. I predict it won't get built. Ever.
Pretty sure he'll collect the money for it.
you can't blame the media.
Trump may ask whoever he wants, but still neither myself nor Mexico are going to pay for his racist monument.
Another promise he can't keep.
@VicenteFoxQue on the record.
TRUMP,  when will you understand that I am not paying for that fucken wall. Be clear with US tax payers. They will pay for it.
the irony is that most American will end up paying more for the wall then Trump since he doesn't pay taxes.
last time I checked America is not in Mexico,  American's got 99 problems, but a wall anin't one of em.
nice of you to create an account that for that...You realize Mexico can make the US pay a whole lot too right?
what do we need Mexico for? Discounted labor and out of season melons?
531Billions in trades... 3rd largest goods trading partner. Do you know how the economy works?
NAFTA and CAFTA, the reason why we are in this position. No jobs, no choice...
Donald, who's paying for the wall?

#trumpLies #trumpsADope

http://thebea.st/2v2kUnr?source=twitter&via=desktop … via @thedailybeast
just like West Berlin was not paying for the Berlin wall
The USA will save enough money by not caring for illegals to pay for the wall time and time again. #MAGA
I would volunteer.
I bet the response would be overwhelming. Easy enough to set up tent camps. Simple food and water. Wall built!
We gotta figure this out!!
Yeah and it will be paid off in 100 years lol USA is paying for the wall
U can't make a sovereign nation pay for your wall. If so, then they own it and can tear it down
Keep dreaming Read some world news See what Trump has been up 2 w/ Russia more impt
MUST READ! UK Intel Alarmed @ Contacts b/w Trump Team & Russia (The Guardian Jan 7th 2017) #RussianHack #TrumpLeaks https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/07/russia-us-election-hacking-uk-intelligence … 
I read all WORLD news sources. So the UK Intel is lying? You have some serious trust issues bud Seek help
@mackfamilyscom1 Don't worry. Mr. Trump. We don't believe one thing the MSM prints or says. We need libel & sedition laws.
 DONALD TRUMP?!? HE IS NOT A TRUE RULER!!! HE DOES NOT ACCEPT VARIED RELIGIONS!!! OR ANYTHING ELSE!!!!!!!
#Dumbdonald is a liar! You are fake, just look at ur hair and raccoon eyes. DOESN'T help you.  Makes you look worse.
wey no vamos a pagar
Let's try on a little honesty for a change, shall we? Any wall will be on the backs of working Americans. No $ from Mexico
You are keeping your word to us so far! We're still with you.
is this really our president?
You are the dishonest one.  Find one fact checker how says you are not.  Your win was by only (6/100)%.  Some Landslide !!!
It means that Fox News and other Republican news outlets are fake. You know it, right? #moron
media is so fake. It doesn't even exist it's not there. It's truly only a figment of my imagination, like my penis #nopenis
we hope u ll have strong relationships with India welcome new elect Mr. President
jajajajaja
MEXICO are not fucking with us like that !!!!!!! Silly Rabbit
were complaining about d late state of Illinois Medicaid benefit payments!! So d filed of politics allow 4 delaying & our
you are fake.
like all other promises. All pushed forward.Always tomorrow tomorrow. But  never comes does http://it.you  know things others dont
Tax tons of avocados, gals of Tequila, Mexican Beer, & other imports, stop aide & Mexican trucks 2 pay 4 wall
build a wall around yourself I bet the whole world would gladly pay for it
You lie about our media! You threaten our Constitution First Amendment right! Tyranny is impeachable!
THEY WILL NOT PAY FOR THE WALL. THEY HAVE SAID SO TIME AND TIME AGAIN. DO YOU HAVE S**T IN YOUR EARS?
is it feasible to build a canal that creates a new trade route?
instead of spending more money on a wall that won't work... Use the money for SS and Medicare!!!!
you don't know how money works?!! how tf do you have so much of it?
can you tell me which public investments are in your portfolio?  I'd like to piggyback on your success.
build a wall - kill our health insurance-take a hike
You KNOW there's no way to make Mexico pay for a wall. You won the election, you can stop lying now.
liar. Everyone knows you r a liar; even most of your deplorables. Mexico is never going to pay 4 the wall and u know it
. I am so shocked you never respond to my tweets Donnie.
but it's honest to say Mexico is paying for a wall, in spite of the fact they haven't paid for it?
Donald Trump is the only Faker impeach the communist sympathizer
you're the fake one. Liar
No, it's not dishonest, because Mex is NOT paying for it. Anyone who actually buys into that is a grade-A dumbfuck
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Pot, meet kettle.
says you.
- media is fake? So is your hair and everything you say
No your fake,Mexico is not going to pay for the wall & neither are the American taxpayers
Donnie, forget the wall, you have way bigger problems. We finally know why you refuse to stand up to Putin..#goldenshowers
he legit think they actually are going to pay 
Hahaha.Mexico won't be paying 4 a wall....lmbo.
Oh, I just heard Kellyanne said she would personally build the wall and pay for it as soon as she gets up off her knees
Media is fake? So are your Campaign Promises...
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
In which bizarro universe does anything you promise with regards to money have credibility? http://scams.wikispaces.com/Advance+Fee+Fraud …
you are fake!
we dont want to pay for a wall that isnt what you promised
no you are FAKE! Mexico ain't gonna pay for your stupid wall moron
Mexico has no plan, intention, reason, or responsibility to pay for any wall. Quit lying.
OMG, you are so deluded. YOU are the one who is dishonest. Calling people out on their lies is not dishonest.
they'll never pay it back, it's 20+ billion dollars, and they're a poor country
YOU are a #fake.  Not once did you share with your supporters that they'd pay up front 2b reimbursed later. #Deceit
that's how much spending 11 billion on a wall sounds.
dishonest and fake trump..people will get tired of your constant bullying... will become BS
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
We Know,thank you for pulling back the curtain!!! #MAGA
the only fake is you. The media is on to you and somare vast majority of decent people in this country. Get out of Dodge!
name calling, bullying, & lying are the skill set you bring to the White House.
you are fake. A flimsy two dimensional cutout of what a real Statesman is. #tweetiot #Trump slithers again.
you did just pull manufacturing from Mexico... You build it
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
chingas a tu chingada madre pendejou!
The media are disgusting spelling their end.
Dishonest Trump lies, and lies and can't stop, blames media or whatever, typical insecure spoiled rich male.
you beat all fakes deumpf
Why don't YOU pay for it and THEN you figure out how to get reimbursed?
is English your first language?  #Unreadable.
I think what we'll find in the coming days is that the only fake thing here is @realDonaldTrump's campaign promises!
You are fake!
BAGS of DRUGS CASH streaming today SOUTH will stay in USA and will ad 3% to OUR ECONOMY!
Drug cash =100x the price of wall!
haha you are the fake
Yup..
Your mendacity is exceeded only by your audacity.  Keep repeating your lies until you believe them. #Drumpf #TrumpLies
goverment.... it's all the government. SUPRISING?!
Dear president Trump,
I have hope, 
Please fulfill  your promises  on immigration  and health care reform
so says wimpy(Donnie Trump) I'll gladly pay you tomorrow for a hamburger today#impeachtrump
They will pay and they will like it!
THE EARTH IS FLAT WITH A FIRMAMENT DOME ABOVE WITH WATER AND LIGHTS THERE IS NO OUTER SPACE NASA IS A HOAX
@FlatEarthCity @realDonaldTrump 

Spot on
Mexico is saying they won't pay for the wall. The question now, is do you plan to force them to? If so, how?
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
the media is on your side, they just can't handle why your tweets continue to divide the people
This where you got the wall idea. http://www.snopes.com/trackdown-trump-character-wall ….
you are lying again Donnie.
........will be the cause of the fall of the presidency of Trump!!!!
if you don't get the wall built and make Mexico pay for it,  #dishonesttrump. Your trip there was a joke. We are not dumb!
I guess you are not so popular as I thought. Lol
Be careful they don't weasel out & stiff us, like u do to contractors! #DonTheCon #LyinDonnie #FakePrez #TechnicalityTrump
it's funny how you don't remember your own words. My tax dollars aren't paying for that wall and neither is Mexico.
the media is no longer viable or trustworthy and they haven't been for years.
i'll pay for that wall myself if you'll stay on the other side of it in Mexico
MANY AMERICANS WILL HELP CONTRIBUTE/DONATE TO BUILDING THE WALL MAGA
You're fake.
just give up
jajajajajajajaja
forward
Nawl....Mexico said they ain't payin' for your effing wall!!!  
A VERY HIGH ELECTRIFIED FENCE WITH MOTE ON S.SIDE LOTS OF WARNINGS IN SPANISH ENGLISH AND ARABIC~!
the con artist calls media fake. #notmypresident
dont build a wall, use that money for preventive and rehabilitation. Stop the need for and dealers have no reason to deal
You will never build a wall much less get Mexico to pay for it.
I can already tell we're gonna be friends
love your profile picture
thanks yours is pretty sweet too
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
Mexico's previous foreign minister also said they will not be paying for the wall
The American people will pay. Don't trust anything you say.
that's because you left the door wide open for him!  LOL!~
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
The 6 Billion Hillary stole from taxpayers at State Dept wld pay for 60% of the wall.
@gravy_bacon @realDonaldTrump @AmericanVet7 Exactly!!!
Stop!
the Mexican president also said it. Is he fake too? Lame. Don't you have better things to do?
You're #fake
You are the biggest fake in the world. You are a liar and a fraud.
punctuation is super unamerican #makegrammargreatagain
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
Wow you know darn good and they don't have to pay ,Please tell the truth ???
.....Can't wait for your Inauguration! I've seen many in my lifetime and I've never been so psyched!
Hopefully you will surprise us all-the majority that rejected you- and he a not so terrible president.
takes a fake to know a fake. you are the king of fake
Please tell me how you are going to force Mexico to pay Donald?
if you stick the tax payers for the bill for your stupid all you will live to regret it.
Mexico won't pay for the wall!! You want it you do it... a clown  for office
Just like you and your hair!
No-one's going to pay for any wall except all the taxpayers you've duped.
the only fake around here is you. They'll pay for the wall just like you'll provide your tax returns. NEVER!
.@realDonaldTrump The media is fake? What would a orange oompa loompa know about fake-ness?
Hmmm.... Who's more fake? The media? or a CANDIDATE NAMED DONALD TRUMP WHO NOW ADMITS HE LIED TO PEOPLE TO GET THEIR VOTES!
i'm tearing down my house and building a better one and asking my neighbors to pay for it.
You, sir, are being fake.  1st Mexico will pay; now we pay and they pay us back? Are you seriously for real? Biggly lies!
walls are for isolationists, not for world powers.  Make America Great
