...
http://brisktopia.com/24Bo    
Best Photo Apps for Android for 2018
You are only helping the very rich that is it no one else. Let alone it was found out that you own FOX NEWS so that is why they don't misreport the news (fake news). You Quote Richard Nixon a lot.
Keep working and be strong President Trump. Ignore the haters and the ones that want this country to be further divided
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ...
The more I look at this, the more things I see. But I’m gonna stick with saying it’s a shark cause @realDonaldTrump is scared of sharks 
They quite you Trump!
Can't run things unilaterally with all these other people around, speaking with authority...
PERFECT!
You get things done! HRC would only cause more problems.
I thought they quit?
END MORE COMMITTEES & GROUPS INSIDE & OUT OF GOV. WE NEED MUCH SMALLER GOV & U CAN DO IT. BEEN GROWING EVER SINCE NEW DEAL UNDER FDR. CUT IT
34%
I was going to end the Cat Council because it was a council of one(me). Then I realized I can get more done, get along better when I'm alone
@TeresaEdelglass Quitters were only thinking of the bottom line $$$. They are pretend leaders!
@TeresaEdelglass The quitters should have held out a little longer as Pelosi has called out Antifa! Quitters were cowards.
@TeresaEdelglass I notice those that disagree w/Trump 4 what ever reason, do not seem 2 have an argument only name calling.
Liar,  they won't work with a hypocrit !!!
Remove car seller licenses and save for the States and the PEOPLE of the USA over two $TRILLIONs.Now it's in the pockets of 60000 dealers)(
Twitter would be better off without Trump (so would the U.S)
#realnews
,we r building the gr8est steel mill in the USA to make America Great in Baytown Tx at JSW.. Harvey ain't helpin let's PRAY
You can't do that.  They already quit.
We are behind you Mr. President. THANK YOU!
Ever wonder WHY they resigned?!
Pardoned arpio during a hurricane, sad
nobody wants to play with the fat orange kid donny!
Yep, I can see why you would want to dump those losers.  I recommend you only show loyalty to the few who stick with you thru thick or thin.
Good idea, they were resigning in droves anyway.
#liar #lockyouup
No I think they gave you the hand
Right. Don't give them ground to push their agenda. Business shouldn't be messing with politics!
Can't u get Congress 2 do the budget? Pull a Reagan on them! Seriously it is affecting our small business of 5 for Borescope sale & repairs.
You're so funny! hahahahahhahahaha
You couldn't keep your hands together long enough to clap so of course this failed. #trumpisfakenews
Lol thanks for "putting an end" to these... After large numbers of their members quit after your idiot show
Let's rephrase they are finished with you. You are so demented
BREAKING: Trump disbands two White House business councils, amid criticism from CEOs for remarks on Charlottesville protest.
Unpresidented
They didn't want their names and reputation tainted by your words and actions.  I salute them
.
Hhd v5mv2cnvkbg ,hvy8rc g dcuhçdtxfxvvigvktvtbv44
We need to change United States of America to United States For America.
Trump, let's focused on America and Americans.Not Opium.
Trump, please stop funding the military industry. 900+ bases around the world, Navy ships, fighter jets. Too much.
ahhhh...right!!
It's ok Mr. Trump you are still the policy maker not them. And you will get all the credit not them. Wise people and God know it!Don't need!
"you can't quit, i'm firing you!"
Whats going on with common core math.
I guess they showed you for what you are.  They showed more smarts than you ever have.
That is FAKE NEWS.  You don't want to say they were all resigning anyway.
Libere informações sobre #UFOS no mundo.
The captain of a sinking ship with a mutiny on his hands, calls for it to be decommissioned. Oy ahoy.
Fumen
The President of America he's best you ever had.
Another @potus LIE. They quit before he could disband.
Lies again Mr Mywayorhighway trump? you didn't end it they decided to disband because of your policies FAKE PRESIDENT
Lmao!!!  THEY QUIT YOU!!!  Literally said you were fired!! Gump.
Fake
Pressure on them about what? Hiring Americans instead of foreigners, ending outsourcing, ending White discrimination?
You're so full of it! They were all leaving you!
It is my opinion you are now acting like a terrorist Yourself by your words and actions
ROFL U keep thinking if you say it ... it will become TRUE.  AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN. U NARCISSISTIC SICK OLD MAN. #ResignOrJail, #ResignTrump,
#MAGA
GOOD MOVE. IF THEY ARE SUCH COWARDS, YOU DON'T NEED THEM. AFRAID OF THEIR OWN SHADOW!
Huge Mistake by CEOS.. no more Campbell's Soup for us!! What idiots!
I SAW SOME OF WHO THE LEFT WERE CALLING "WHITE SUPREMACISTS".THEY ARE TRULY CRIMINALLY-ILL INFORMED. So sad.MOB RULE, THE U.N.MUST FALL.MAGA
If anyone is crooked, it's YOU!
Now going after liver is shareholders
Liveris first degree murder dump him your legacy soars not fails
The more they hate you the more I love you.!!!! Keep up the momentum America loves you!!!
I am praying for you!
You didn't end it they quite on you!
We love our president and his family .God bless you and give you strength to carry-on thank you
Be honest...they see what we see which is that you and your administration are a dumpster fire they want no part of. Talk about FAKE NEWS!
Neither are "needed". Good job.
Love it. #limitgovernment
True no more exarting on the manufacturing industries.
Must have something to do with all of them resigning. There was no pressure on them they just didn't want to be associated with you!
winning right??? Dummy.
U didn't end a damn thing, they did
Where is the promise to truckers to get Feds out of our trucks. Can U at least keep that one plz.
Men with integrity leaving your bull shit regime
Get rid of ANYONE WHO IS NOT WITH YOU, 100%!
They all QUIT, but I suspect you have started believing your own lies.
Donald, are you all right there ? You wouldn't start a nuclear war, no ?
Taking the credit for something you did not do. What a surprise. You are fake news. Lol.
I appreciate the dems agreeing with president trump on reducing the size of government.
#liar
But they ended you first.
No, thank you! It was a do nothing show anyway.
They beat you to the punch "ORANGE CLOWN". Get over it!
YOU ARE A FAILURE. 
They all quit and disbanded it. I believe you are in denial!
Manufacturing will only create low wage jobs... try other things like re-training coal miners 2 learn wind energy work.
Ya right!!
AWWW come on ,we KNOW thety quit because they didn't want to sit at table with you.  Spin all u want but we know truth. LOL at u.
Stupid. They did it themselves.
You mean THEY ended it!
They quit. You ended. Means the same. How about you quit and we'll let you say you ended it?!
Please Resign Now !!!
rather than putting pressure on @shailenewoodley to marry me i am ending our relationship..

I am so brave...

im sorry Shai
Uh, ok!! Too late for this ...they all quit! Your committee didn't do anything anyway, they all said.
Hi
You had no choice they were all leaving YOU. Can't you at least once tell the truth.
That's kinda like breaking up with your girlfriend AFTER she has moved on and married your friend, and is giving birth to their third child.
Liar.. they  were quitting
They left before you ended things your comments are invalid.
Are you thanking the ones you quit before you disbanded or those spineless enough to stay?
"You can't quit!  You're fired!"  
Hai sir!
 take your's and go away you 

Trump 2020
They QUIT. You are a fraud.
Rather than being impeached and put in jail, why don't you just resign? Thank you!
No, they have no confidence on you
Mr. Trump please let us know of the date when we became slaves, again?
Give us something on the truth. Who rulz with strict control?
Be honest for ONCE!! They quit you out of mortification due to your outrageous lack of morals.
Hahaha. What a way to say they resigned.
 why don't you end the FBI and the CIA too. Smarts abound with this one
Good. President Obama was so much more gracious. He honored people with his presence. You embarrass your position.
So you don't have the humilaition of all of them quitting in your face!
Hard to manage empty chairs?
Guessing they quit before you tweeted that
Lol
pathetic liar
Nice move. Ending it before they could all resign. No one wants to be associated with you. You are LOSING!!! 
They left you first!
I have personally been contacting every CEO or at least the complaint dept of co. that resigned or speak against u I am boycotting as well
Do you want a gold star for being on the wrong side if history?
@realDonaldTrump next order of business you will WIN and thus be THE WINNER at is to submit your Resignation!!!! Thanks....WE THE PEOPLE
Good Mr President
Sick of all the winning
THANK YOU!  We don't need any grandstanding by liberals, thanks anyway, lol!
How do you sleep at night?  Honestly
Failed Business-Next title of book? Forward produced in audio courtesy of @hamilltrumpster @HamillHimself Buy for audio, give away book.
they are cowards just like rino's, with a couple rino exceptions only! always pandering to the left out of fear. that's how he left wins!
no, they ended you fool
Ummmmm, THEY DUMPED YOU TRUMP!!!
hahaha they walked out on YOU.. #LiarInChief
Hahaha
#nobodylikesyoutrump
A Bunch of Traitors to Making America Great! It's Hard Standing Up for Your Beliefs those People couldn't Stand Oposition !
We all know that they closed up shop, so you can skip the BS lies about You doing this! They did it TO YOU!
tough to hold a meeting when no one shows... Nice try, they left first, you actually suck at business, you're just a gold name on a building
Really? U think we believe that? are quitting because they don't want to be associated with you and your racist policies
U now hopefully realize that your legislative & verbal proposals are on the wrong side of fairness & kindness, right?

If not, be concerned.
#resignnow
President Trump you're doing a great job it's a house and the Senate that suck
I believe they ended both
