u're the only weak link in our system of government !
@AshishK1607 I'm with you!
Oh hey snowflake, are you feeling a little bitchy? I'll  be happy to get you a Midol, princess!
Don't unpack. We're coming for you.
Even heros have to be held accountable.  We are all sinners.
@POTUS: "THEY" helped to build ISIS, #Americans knew this that's why we were AGAINST arming rebels who are now ISIS!
make love not war. All lives matter
I guess the Russians didn't get anything to blackmail McCain & Graham with. #ReleaseYourTaxes
I'm so disappointed in these two individuals
@liamstack see? The phrase "weak on immigration" is all him. He wrote that memo.
@MustacheChuck Austria now requires immigrants to sign an integration contract!!
Give entitlement monies... welfare... directly to schools, food pantry’s, medical centers. Lower welfare payments when a child begins school since the school is now paying to food and medical care.
you have my total support
you can't stand it, can you.  Poor little snowflake.   Resign and return to your tower. We'll leave you alone.
Terrorists are rallying behind the name of human rights! excellent job!
No Worries, they'll be voted out next as they choose to continually piss in the wind. Voters will remove the obstructions.
Strong means aiding the weak, not putting up walls and hiding from folks different than yourself
Did President Bannon tell you to say this ? How does it feel to be second in command or should I say 'puppet'.
where is president Bannon. Get trumps light weight ideas off here. Is President Bannon drunk?
President Trump you were elected to make America great again by millions of Americans ... So do what you promised!
You are nothing more than a thin orange skinned little wanna be dictator. I can't wait until you're impeached
no you are wrong. I support @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC
You are sadly weak on your ability to be a compassionate human being
you are an embarrassment. The vast majority of Americans are ashamed of you and your actions.
they are statesmen with integrity unlike YOU
Freedom of speech, or is that just a right saved for you and your pals who are focused on starting a civil war or worse?
You do not speak for us. WE are the majority. WE didn't want you as president!
tough crap! It's a good thing we have the electoral if you think your lunacy is what's good for our country.
worst president ever
yes everyone that disagrees with you is wrong! #trumpisanasshat
.@realDonaldTrump
Trump is NOT MY PRESIDENT!
STOP it. Everyone has understood, you're totally incompetent. Just stop it before an impeachment chases you away.
you are playing right into the hands of ISIS,POTUS. The hatred that this will sow will only radicalize more militants. SAD!
Hitler supposed all Jews were Bolsheviks intent on a Communist revolution; Trump assumes all Muslims are terrorists.
 @realDonaldTrump
you are sadly weak on everything
The #'s don't back you up Donald (or Bannon?)
.@realDonaldTrump nobody likes you and you're bad at your job.
That's the simplest way to put it!
You are sadly the most senseless person I have ever encountered. You are weak and make us weaker.
May happiness and prosperity prevail everywhere ..............
"Give me your tired, your poor, 
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free....."
You are shaming our country.. TRUTH
President Trump is protecting and repairing America.
Where is the line that must be crossed 4 the Republicans 2 disavow @realDonaldTrump and realize that this is continued is political suicide
.@realDonaldTrump Aren't you supposed to be watching Finding Dory?
.@realDonaldTrump You would be the one kid who ruins the movie for everyone else.
everything you do is wrong you tool
So building a multi-billion dollar company is wrong? Quite strange.
building? Daddy giving you something isn't building.
get tf out of my country
your country? Bahahah
yeah I don't care to have you're illogical ass here anymore
*your*... I love the gross incompetence of Trumplettes! Don't even know how to speak proper English!
sentences can't start with the word "don't." So who doesn't know proper English
You are going to be a cautionary tale for the rest of history. #StopPresidentBannon
All the "facts" I hear from you are anger and vulgarity. Are you on the Obama-Soros team?@bdgrabinski @realDonaldTrump
McCain is a whiny traitor to this country.
These are phony Conservatives. Traitors RINO.
you are wrong.
mr Donald Trump the real apprentice lol
Canada had a mass shooting (ours r small because we regulate guns) he was a white male christain, always r..  A Trump fan.
term limits? Hope that is on your honey dew list
You’ll never be the man your mother is.
send all these Muslim lovers to Middle East see how long they last
you mean they shouldn't say no to you, Carrot McBabyhands?  Doesn't work that way.  Too bad you haven't figured it out yet!
Cain & Graham r n bed with the Dems, get rid of them n 2018 & replace with people who will b loyal 2 Trump
@DrJayKinzler They just have their noses twisted out of joint.
Time to shape up or ship out.
You are doing an awesome job.  You and your staff are in my prayers daily.  Shame on the media for their lack of respect.
Leviticus 19 33-34
traumatic brain injury with the army now with ICE va terrible he's a poster boy for what you're trying to accomplish
I back your decision all the way!!! #GETIM #MrPresident !!!
McCain can't get over ur "heroes" comments & Lindsey is playing his lapdog role. Both failed at what u won. Sour grapes.
tweeted this in a bathrobe before President Bannon put him down for a nap
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC Thank you Sens. McCain & Graham for protecting American values. We stand with you.
And you think you are strong on immigration? Only time will tell
no theyre right, john mccain knows more about the world then you ever will
didn't your wife stay here illegally?
. It's time McCain steps down. I didn't vote for him. I worked for US Census I've seen illegals everywhere. #weakpoliticians
Hey, Russia called – they want their idiot back.
Keep on track Mr. President that is why I voted for you. Not against immigration as long as ii is done legally.
we love you Trump!
@DiamondandSilk amen we need great Americans to run on GOP an send these boys home, without pensions, same HC medicaid get
every day is more evidence of your lack of qualifications and deeply flawed self.
Boy do you have it wrong. And you still lost the popular vote by 3 million votes.
They are NOT wrong.  You are delusional, Herr Trumpf
if you don't listen too regular people listen to the wealthiest people Warren Buffet
Agree Mr Pres. They both should be drained from the swamp!
yOUR WRONG THEY STAND WITH THERE COUNTRY, NOT WITH THERE EGO'S. YOU ARE AN EMBRASSIMENT TO AMERICA. RESIST AND REJECT YOU!
What is their problem, always against the current like the salmon. Their cicle is coming to an end. TERM LIMITS. MAGA
I love what you're doing & am so glad to have a President who does the right thing no matter the whiny backlash.Don't stop.
they are weak??? "Are WEAK??!!" Soilent Greens is people!!!
McCain & Graham are out of touch with the American People & have been for along time. Your "BASE" is still out here...
why is it if people don't agree with you. You bully them
 .You go low, not high
Trump Mar lago phone #561_832_2600 @realDonaldTrump Tell them Muhammad La_Voz Latino sent you
you are weak on logic and sane leadership. America is in turmoil since you became pres. Why is that?
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
Agree, but not surprised!
did you get distracted?
Your are doomed on Presidency.
They seem to always be on the wrong side.
No Sir, you are sadly weak on everything. Ask President Bannon.
The worse Botox injected, hair plugged, president of all times. (are we paying for your Botox treatments now???)
Soros is evil and is the cause of the riots since he is funding all the unrest.  The left fails to see the true evil.
Are you bullying people who don't agrer with ya Donny? Obama did not do that.#obamawasbetter
You haven't got a clue what you are doing. You need to do some reading. You are in violation of the 14th amendment.
They're basically HRC republicans, McCain helped Clinton and Obama arm isis.  Graham is the liberachi of the GOP.
Dear Mr. President you r the best President ever!
the only two Republican not afraid of your public bullying and personal attacks-proud of 2 men with true ethics
I love my president 
and maybe backed by #Soros +#Clinton funds?
, Those back stabers have been in office too long time to get rid of them.
Maybe you should just fire them all tonight. Oops… Maybe you can't quite do that.
thank you Mr. President for defending our borders and protecting us!!
How can U solve the jobs problems with this ridiculous level of immigration(legal & illegal)? Tourist visa yes work visa no
all you should say to McCain is "Im sorry" and recognize him for the courageous hero he is!
these senators are doing their jobs & voicing the concerns of the constituents they represent.
immigration is not the issue. The true issue is illegal hiring practices through subcontractors.
Have lost my respect for both of them. Weak character.
and you are a joke!
The Bitch is back CJ
@SenatorMcCain No Wonder the swamp is so Screwed up, we have same old crap going on, nothing gets done for American people.
do you feel bigger being rude and awful to others.  Big man behind a twitter handle.
@SenJohnMcCain @madbum456 How is John McCain worth 21 MILLION Dollars? His books didn't sell. And a public servant
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
those 2 guys are why we need term limits!
Step down before you discrace and destroy this country.
I have respect for John McCain & Lindsey Graham for standing up to you.
Findlay, OHIO loves you.. Why do dem delay well known cabinet pics But want to let unknowns in the USA and no vetting?
#poorbaby
thank God Donald Trump is Americas President now. obama has done a terrible job and he belongs in prison
you can't hold a candle to either of them and you blatantly obvious on how STUPID & UNQUALIFIED you truly are
, Please do something about it Mr. President.
Have a little compassion, for the less fortunate
There have been so many past presidents that have been terrible and not followed through on their campaign promises. @realDonaldTrump
So let's start acting like real Americans and unify to let president Trump do the job he was elected to.@realDonaldTrump
There statements are enemies of the state.
Do you consider all opposing ideas as not valid?  News is fake, the courts are wrong, those who dis\sagree are wrong...???
OMG. Please. Just. Stop.
Come to the 21st century!  It's not scary and the people are thinner. Forget the silly stuff and concentrate on New Tech...
Fool, you are weak on and lacking in humanity.
I will say it! They are both disgraceful and both are traitors to the United States! They need to be recalled!
@RTLong3 President Obama is out of office and I'm proud to say you make him significant. He must be somebody.
@MariaBartiromo They are Democrats!
You're mistake is assuming most people are as gullible and ignorant as your supporters who will take you at your word.#Nope
: Dear president Trump, I am one of your deplorable loyal fan:)
@dsshep1959 RINO #backstabbers
THESE 2  NEED TO TAKE A STEP BACK EXPECIALLY MC CAIN HE HAS ALREADY DONE  MUCH DAMAGE TO AMERICA. MAYBE RETIRE WITH  OBAMA
- McCain & Graham R career politicians & have NEVER pulled their weight-US voters stop re-electing DEAD WEIGHT. TERM LIMITS
@PRESENTPOTUS Fire the folks who are uncooperative&making false statements.
Agree.
Go away I was looking at something better than you
We don't see the Pope helping and opening Vatican City to all refugees/ immigrants---the seat of Religion and Faith.
Cardinal Dolan of New York didn't try to intervene to help find a solution.
Where are all the Blessed that chose the robe. Silent in their offices with Persian rugs and well lit corridors.
Mother Teresa would be the only one trying to help. Trying to intervene. But she's gone
