Stand strong Pres. Trump. For all of us, we are counting on you. Dems, get on board or get a new job. This floridian thanks you.
And crickets for Puerto Rico!
Thank you mr president. I need you so must. Marijanne.
GREAT! Let us treat ALL American citizens hit by these hurricanes this way! Even the ones in Puerto Rico!
so kind
@POTUS   ils. Name. Day
What does trump mean by they ? My family is in Puerto Rico and we are all part of the same country ! Why are we being treated different?!
Thank you Mr President,  please stop the chemtrail planes flying over E. TN and all of America.  This is costing a fortune
Please stop the chemtrails over America
Thank You Mr President. I need you help so must.  Marijanne. DK
But Puerto Rico... Mehhh...
Fund FEMA
say the same thing about American citizens in Puerto Rico! By the way, #whenareyougoingtojail?
U need stop tweeting and help Puerto Rico we are usa citizens @realDonaldTrump
Liar Trump!:Think of yourself as always! Just sayin!!! Bankruptcy numerous times tells the tale! LOSER!
C bvcxbxf ybybcx BVG y y Yep yy f f c. Brenne y ybybyby yf. Y v yy Xbox Xbox xbbb Yep. V. XXX. Ybybyd Xbox bb yy bb y
Where is the Donald J Trump we all voted for. Omg . Please come back.

Hey, Donnie...you know where you can stick your pep talk videos, right? 
#NoBanNoWall
#DefendDACA
#HealthcareIsARight
#NoTaxCutForTheRich
President Trump along with @FLOTUS  and @VP Pence went to a Trailer Pk. in FL to help serve people Food & water.
Thank you Mr. President 
President Trump putting America back together
TRUMP2020


How's the weather in Russia?
Not sure, why don't you go check it out. Maybe you'll get to finally see a how your precious 'big government' feels, in person.
POLL 

Is the border wall good for the safety of Americans?

Vote below and RETWEET!
BUILD THE WALL!!
arround you.
Please be very careful on DACA dealing sir. I know Schumer and Pelosi wanted to piss off/divide #TrumpTrain from u. Just...be careful.
The royal "we" rather than I and my government stand with you in this crisis!
@realDonaldTrump is a #LiarLiarPantsonFire! #LiarLiarPantsonFire! #LiarLiarPantsonFire! #LiarLiarPantsonFire!
#LiarLiarPantsonFire!
Thank you Mr. President 

why? what money? really? i guess a hand full of billionares will own fl... why not just become another country??? ide advise a split
Are you taking money from donated funds like you did on 9/11???
 Mr. President and God bless you, we the people's need you sir
Hillary is on TV looking more Presidential than you ever will. Maybe that is because she got 3 million more votes than you.
We need to call Obama back so we can have a real leader in charge.
Just as long as they are not "rapists murderers and drug dealer" Mexicans and as long as the are not #POWS who you say are not war heroes??
Let us through the roadblocks to deliver help to those that need.  Reach out to me for details.  We are here for you #FloridaStrong
You're amazing, thank you for taking care of us!
You realize FEMA was in its amazingly responsive, competent, expertly staffed status due to Obama's admin. Total rehab from Katrina & 43.
We are with you until Trump makes a deal to line his pockets.  Sad
You are unfit to be the president of anything. You show no concern for the people of Florida, none for Texas and nothing for the USA, sir.
Here comes our great President
Oh, did Ivanka walk by?
America is blessed to have @realDonaldTrump as her president during these times.  At least 1 is DC is there to serve America, not self.
Catastrophic everts just around the brbg
Where are you for the western fires? Only care about states you won? What about Montana?
We get wildfires in florida too. I've been through wildfires and hurricanes. They're both just as devastating.
So a category 4/5 hurricane is as dangerous as a wildfire? I don't think so.
And I can ride out a hurricane, and have many times. Can't ride out a wildfire.
You can escape a wildfire
I've never had to escape a hurricane and I've lived here for 28 years. I've had to escape wildfires though.
Oh please - spare us your FAKE compassion.

I kinda feel like Rhode Island, myself.
How and why do you repeatedly turn terrible natural disasters into video montages about yourself?
                            
┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳
┻┳   Build The Wall   ┻┳┻
┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳
┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻

#BuildTheWall

#MAGA
ACTUAL FACT 

Donald Trump has been complicit in an Act of War against the United States of America.
Actual Fact

Obama the joke President literally doubled the entire US debt
Actual fact.

>>
It's been 150 days, health care does cost more with obama fail, his crowds were 10 times bigger than anyone else, and if illegals don't vote
Then why do democrats oppose voter id

Jesus promotes healthcare for all. Christianity does. You say you are Christian & showcase prayer. Do what's right. Support #SinglePayerNow
Florida got hit hard but please look into Black Creek in North Florida- this creek flooded so many homes with toxic water.
Homes, car, livestock & horses in the water. Barely any news coverage.Small towns need relief too.Ppl are hurting & desperate for assistance
This water was contaminated with bacteria & sewage and invaded homes. This was a historic flood and there needs to be more attention brought
Legitimate and hard working Americans voted for you based on promises and have suffered real world/social/political consequences

#DACADeal
We expect a difference in politics

We expect you to live up to your hype

We expect change 

#DACADeal
In order to help out the rest of the world, we need to make our country sustainable again. Put your citizens first and we will change the 
Okey dokey -  one more time.  Study, learn what you believe you're talking about, compare your definition of 'sustainable' to the rest of
the world, go out and ask questions and LISTEN to the answers.  And draw your own, study-based, thoughtful conclusions.  Start with the
How did mar-A-lago make out???
Trump,
Just like TX, WE are without you today, we are witgout you tomorrow, & we will be without you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER!!
Although I can not wait to watch this...
You act like you care but you defund FEMA and climate science. You clearly do not
Fuck me. Educate yourself mate! Climate change ain't a big deal. It's not being sped up by humans either
They refuse to listen to anyone except NASA.  Notice how they havnt put out any new reports since trump gave their funding back?
If you really want to know about our climate cycle, not change, talk to a geologist.
Truuuuu 
"When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice.” @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #TRUMP2020 #Trump @DonaldJTrumpJr
#Trump is the President who is making America Great again! Stop the hate and join the #TrumpTrain and #MAGA! #AmericaFirst #endRacism #BLM






The Greatest President Ever 



Betraying his base or The Art Of Deal?  @POTUS clear on no wall no deals.   #EndDACA #DACADeal #ThursdayThoughts 

"Trump betrayed us  with DACA"

me : "Can you show me what he agreed to?"…
Another Russian bot.
Best 

President 

Ever 

#MAGA
Best 

Vice President 

Ever 

#MAGA
You OBVIOUSLY have NEVER lived un Indiana. Heres a clue: the MAJORITY of us HATE HIS LYING GUTS!
Now say the same to puerto rico
Speaking of Florida, what are you hiding in the Mar-a-Lago visitor logs? Must be juicy.
Nice! Great visit, people needed that! God bless President, VP, First Lady, staff!
God bless POTUS AND VPOTUS.

By the time , you're proven that you're the man of wark not talk!!!!
But not, say, Oregon.
Potus, Should Hillary b allowed 2 get away with all of her crimes just Bcause she didn't win? Why isn't ur Justice Dept opening up her case?
Until someone disses you than your attention wanes, you r sickening!
Thank U for Ur relentless work ethic, tireless efforts in the face of adversity.  Millions appreciate what ur doing. Walk in Faith.
To be honest, I haven't heard a single person displaced by Irma this week ask for a tax cut. They want food, fuel, and electricity.
We love you President Trump!
If you are with us why do you wanna raise our taxes ??? , you raising our taxes is not gona help the people from Florida rebuilt their homes
Ck on Highland County in Florida someone tweeted that they have been forgotten thanks
The direction would be better served to deter others who have higher human contribution to climate change to buy less from them.

Thank You and "Bless" your "Family" For Acknowledging the Plight of
Only "You" SIR,have Capabilities to move in
Majority Direction 
I wish I could say things got better since Nam but in fact there worse. Rich Chinese coming here who got a chunk of the sell out of china

What about U.S. Virgin Islands?
YOU are going to 'be there'? 
Like you were there for Don jr and your ex wives? 
Thanks but no thanks two scoops we've got enough problems.
It's shocking that the tRumptards still believe this blithering idiot.
They really are that stupid aren't they?
How about showing the real picture, rescues, real people volunteering, power crews helping, instead of a campaign video?
#fakenews #trump
what about the US Virgin Islands?!!!!!
Mr.President you are really doing a great job.I think u will go down in history as the best.
So great to see the smooth, seamless process of help to Houston & FL during these tragedies. HUGE improvement.
Yes.  Huge improvement.  The caring for the American people that he shows is more than any other presidents have done. #maga

Thank Obama:
You only care about your agenda which is worse than any hurricane we have ever seen.
Nice
#EndDaca
"It would be a massive amnesty, one of the biggest ever granted in American history." http://trib.al/zwaDmFh 
You think you are inspiring, but you're a fake. Grow some character, then MAYBE people will listen to you. Probably not.
Dear Asshat McSlapnut,

SUCK IT!

XOXO,
Texas

P.S. "Ya'll come back, ya hear!", does NOT apply to you or your family. That is all.
Its bad down here, but will overcome the hard ship by working hard!
Amen! This is how Leaders Lead!!!
Donald J and Melanie care about the American people! Unlike other presidents who played cards in Air Force One without view
So you're not going to cut FEMA then… and that stupid border wall funds will go to rebuilding and infrastructure.
What about The islands?? They got destroyed and they need our help. They are also part of US. Your not a compassionate person. Do your JOB..
Why S Korea ya ask because N.Korea is China
Yes...

as long as YOU ARE PRESIDENT !
Despite what the haters say. ... we love you. Stay strong.
We SEE how you're "with" everybody, Don-- killing those pesky flood standards that both protect the public safety & taxpayers. #PrezAsshat
God bless you President Trump!!! MAGA
@VP Writing in all caps doesn't mean anything except a bigger lie.
I feel bad for everyone in Texas and Florida that have suffered loss. I just don't know how the government is supposed to fix all it.
Say the C word, Donnie. CLIMATE CHANGE!!
Regulations=Protections. Planet & People over Money & Power. Do UR fucking job! #Irma #Harvey #Jose
Thank you Sir @realDonaldTrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
GROUND THE AIR FORCE-THE MASSIVE FLOODS WILL STOP-U'V BEEN HAD TRUMP OR UR DUMB-The Chemtrail Cover-Up https://youtu.be/DTxvWLrUeE8  via @YouTube
Heavy Metals In Atmosphere, Autism, ADD & Illness, It’s All Connected (Video)   http://www.geoengineeringwatch.org/heavy-metals-in-atmosphere-autism-add-illness-its-all-connected-video/ …
Why isn't this being addressed?
Libtarts can say what they want but this President is a President of the people!
That sounds pretty socialist to me... Frickin commie.
Unless you vote against me or live in a blue state. Ain't that right Oregon?
Why is the video all about you?
No wall no DACA reform. Can allow dreamers to stay, but end it, no more in the future.

Where's that million dollar donation you promised?
#NotLettingThisGo
Our potus will be wading through the swamp, draining it as he goes.
WHY ARE YOU PROMOTING YOUR HAT DURING A TRAGEDY. You care more about making money than you do the death of Americans. Pathetic.
Talk is cheap.
Fema has made u look good. Thanks, Obama!!
Florida does not need you causing traffic jams for a photo op when they are dying in this heat. Useless president.
Where is your million  ?
DEAR  MR. President #DONALD J TRUMP; you #promised to help us #Kurds 
So now is the time, pleas do #act on your #promise.
Than You

Start volunteer relief programs.
Thank you for not staying any longer than you did.
Liar
"...unless of course you're looking for actual MONEY for aid.  I raped the budgets of every department to pay for my stupid wall."
But what about us Americans in the Us Virgin  Islands? Are you with us too?  #VIStrong #VIStrong #HurricaneIrmaSurvivor
jjj
Get back as soon.
Bot
Until someone on ESPN hurts your feelings...
Open up mar a Lago to displaced hurricane victims!
Good
And now for a little more B.S. to pile on top of the existing B.S. that emerges from this MORON who belittles any & everyone at some point!
You can even make words of support and solidarity read like they were thrown together by Hitler's speech writer.
Amen. God bless you Trump!
Thank you so much President Trump!  We love you too!
What are you gonna about NK , MORE PRAISING OR SANCTIONS because it seems to have worked so well thus far.
Please visit LA, GA and S C as well.  LA and NC still have people displaced from flooding during hurricanes a year and two years ago!
America and the WORLD are against you today, tomorrow & every single day, and will be until you RESIGN, BECOME IMPEACHED, OR PUT IN PRISON!
You go Mr President....we need your leadership
Bot
Fat Pig

Wtg Mr president! Keep up the good work sir!
I'm KKKen and Hurricane Barbie and I approve this tweet.
Build the wall, no amnesty....
Does Mar-a-Lago still exist?
Where's your measly $1 million for Florida?
Wow! Fed Govt overreach! TX & FL should REBUILD THEMSELVES today, tomorrow & EVERY single day! That's why they voted you into pwr.. no???
You need to follow up prayers with concrete actions i.e. Fund FEMA; EPA- etc.  not destroy EPA & slash budget for FEMA!
Me emocionó verlo allí, mucho.
Thank you!
How does all this BIG GOVERNMENT stuff prove we need tax cuts?
They be better off without you #fakepresident
You lie
You don't give a crap about Florida. Or Texas. Malignant narcissists like you care about nothing but themselves.
Yes, uve said that several times.  We get it.  Don't need 2 keep saying it.  Don't need 2 keep hearing it.
The idiot is on a twitter rampage this am! Who gives a shit?
Did he actually touch or hug someone on this trip???
Do u smell profit? Restore by ditching #TheWall & using money for #hurricanerelief Ppl in #Florida need generators - get them! #MAGA
If #Trump does #Amnesty or #Daca for all these #illegals his #Presidency is #Over,.... that's all i have to say ,..
HURRICANE FORCE WINDS , CAT 3 .
This is so wrong to keep posting stupid stuff.  Many highly educated people support him.  In fact half the country voted for him.
Don't forget about Georgia Mr President
Quit scaring people! Saying you are with them forever. Good grief.
You are the best president America has ever had.  Thank you!
What is with the 45 on the back of Rick Scott's hat??
被災地訪問して、熱心に語りかけたり聞いているトランプ大統領。老婦人は真剣になにかトランプ大統領にお願いしています。
被災地訪問して、被災者とこれ見よがしにカメラ目線の写真を撮って帰ってくるどこかの総理とは大違いです！
