Don't be fooled!
@realDonaldTrump God in Heaven put you in office as President of the United States of America. God is with you. God through Christ will continue to bless you and keep you from all harm. Thank you for serving our country. Make America Great Again!
Ha! The @nytimes numbers are up and yours keep tanking. Thoughts?
I happen to think you are a man of GOD, and you can do all things through Christ who strenghtens you.I believe in you and I am very Proud to be an American.
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and n...
look in the mirror pal! You are disgusting!
@DISHONEST? Look n the mirror John Barron. Your whole life has been dishonest, evil, bigoted, racist, lewd: FAKE  FAKE FAKE
Bess, Donny looks in the mirror I bet his reflection is scared and talks back.  Lmao
LAME....
nothing will happen to you sir
I couldn't agree more, if it's not in their interest you're their enemy
276,000 new subscribers and growing! We are making the NY Times GREATER (again).
you are DISHONEST so embarrassed and SHAMED you are the president
Cooperation, humanity, compassion, truth--you don't feel these and you don't express them, either. You're losing the future
No No Dishonesty is your middle name. Dishonest and braggart. Look what you did to our relationship to Mexico, our nearest!
If there is a terrorist attack on American soil, you and your inept cabinet are to blame for disastrous intl relations!
still reading every day Mr President still loyal! #MAGA
Poor Donald.  Pull em up and get on with your day.
Hooray Mr. Gingrich for standing up and speaking the truth about some media and their selective coverage
Observe as @realDonaldTrump shows us once more he is a nercisistic bully. Sad!
my son and I subscribed thanks to you!
you are a writhing mass of insecurity.
Go for the throat Mr. President!
your hands are small
you're the damned President, get over it! At least half of America will hate you no matter what. Don't be a wuss.
Thank you Pres Trump speaking directly to us on everything, and call out msm on biased info.  God bless you
i am also very glad you have started to end your tweets by signing your true nature, President DISHONEST
i love to say President Donald Trump  pisses libtards off bruhahaha
Oh come on Mr President they are just using #alternativefacts just like you do.
Dishonest? How about you saying you'll release tax returns and then not? Or your lies about the VA and having an ACA plan?
I've said it before,I"ll say it again. You're a funny LITTLE man with funny LITTLE hands !
You're a self centered, woman hating, egotistical, demeaning man who misspells words.They are right. But you won. Just lost the popular vote
blah blah blah blah blah blah
get over it,  you won.. Go back to being racist,  misogynist and inhumane
Do you realize you sound like a spoiled 12 year old? You have a very serious job to do. Put the phone down and get to work.
вам сегодня говорить с Путиным В.В. это будет вторая Ялта?  Или подобный диалог преждевремен? ??

more gas . You are a mess.
celebrity apprentice president Donnie, sir if we tell you you're smart, pretty & have a big dick would you calm down?
HANDS TOO SMALL, CAN'T BUILD A WALL
you lost
@potus because you're ridiculous and need to leave office ASAP.       "You should be FIRED!"
will forever be the DISHONEST POTUS
Holy Fuck the president's tweeter has been hacked!! Some nut is tweeting out crazy shit.... oh... wait... never mind.
You are just like Lex Luthor. You have so much money but you are still power hungry and you love to feed you ego!
and yet every time you have a temper tantrum, claiming reputable journalism is "fake" their subscription numbers go up.
. I voted for you. I wanted change. But not this. The world is watching and we should care.
We’re stuck w/Trump for 4 years. If you want to stop him, you must vote Democratic in 2018 to retake control of Congress.
we don't have to be stuck with any one especially a president that makes bad decisions .and breaks laws.
I see this is an old tweet. Just wondering what bad decisions Trump made just weeks in office and please tell me WHICH laws he broke. Thanks!
Well the investigation is still going on ? Im sure the truth come out sooner are later.
Oh then you still are waiting to find out?
Trump and his campaign, was the one, had the Russian ties, not Hillary Clinton like they said. now a year later, they have no proof. and the campaign said they did. Do you know, that the logo MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIn, that voters bought hats , logo's to put money in the campaign.
Yes
LETS DO IT
#TheResistance
This tweet has aged well! https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/812721709254119425/photo/1pic.twitter.com/3ZcXhoEJJF 
says we shouldn't question the legitimacy of his presidency, but this intel report demands that we do just that..
lol after Trump does  study and you find all of the illegal voters it'll be to your detriment. Funny libs
let him waste his time looking - maybe he'll find the reason why he won.
libs are the ones wanting the check.but they will be sorry with results
You look like a fool admitting that.
How can you lie so much? You lost the popular vote!   Oh how that must hurt!
NYT won't apologize because YOU are the liar.
.@realDonaldTrump ok hun

This so called socialist party get back into your hole, there's no place for you here
It's not DISHONEST to report on things. It's DISHONEST to LIE about things which you have done everyday since taking office
For example:  Reporting that polls show you will lose is not Dishonest.  That is very Honest reporting,but..
Saying that you didn't speak with Putin when you really did.... that's DISHONEST.... so is..
so is saying that there is evidence of 5 mil. illegals who have voted when you haven't seen proof. DISHONEST
he didn't give a #, an ind researcher said 3mil.  Number little high, dem owned urban areas rampant w/illgls
he gave a # in his first interview. Wow. #WilfullIgnorance
dude I used to support you but seriously you lost my support.
can I ask what changed things for you?
just the fact he taking abuse to his power already.
I see that you serve our country. Can I just say thank you for that?
thank you
no problem!
@Raizakolia @realDonaldTrump and.... So are you. You're responsible for this mess. In Nikki Haleys words: we're taking names.
not really I live in NY my vote didn't matter
you are all responsible. You don't get to deflect this.
There's a more appropriate response here. This is an opportunity to educate and make an ally, not alienate.
ah but he has no regret. So no. Not really.
His tweet suggests he does.
his tweet suggests he voted while uninformed and tweeted while drunk.
DISHONEST WHEN YOU #TRUMP SOLD YOUR OWN DAUGHTER TO THE  #JEWS STABBING #JESUS IN THE BACK...AGAIN #PUTIN #SPUTNIK #BREXIT #VETERANS #AP
Trump is doing what is good for America and the world Amem
Trump is doing what is good for the #JEWS he gave a SHIT about America, Founder Fathers JESUS, etc.
Trump loves his country and he will do everything to maje USA great again
Well, FACTS speak very differently, he is in bed with JEWS. He only used Christians like JUDAS did.
Obama a hypocrite who did more destruction to world than any  President in American history
Totally agree with that Hillary a scum, but together with Trump all of them in the bed with Jews.
@HillaryClintonscrewed up all nations harmony by funding,arming terrorists like ISIS all over
everything u say is a lie how many people u have screwed over hell your wife is repulsed by you
Another "alternative fact"? (normal people call them lies.) I am sending a book on basic writing & fourth grade vocabulary.
Your stupidity is showing again.
You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
@newyorktimes Liars, too. Never read the stuff, myself! Listen to Savage & Hannity. God bless 45 DJT & keep going!
You told the American people if you were elected you would release your taxes. Still waiting! Dishonest!!
Look at the pot calling the kettle black! Shame on you.
LOVE The New York Times!!  YOU, donald, are the only dishonest one speaking here.  Full of sound & fury, signifying nothing
boo
NYTimes dishonest?  Have you been looking in the mirror again?
Dishonest .....if you are talking, you are lying.
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
who baby. Wake up you're just having a bad dream. Everything will be ok. Ssshhhhhh
bullshit Trump we read it online now. Ur a LIAR
DISHONEST! Yes you are!
Finally, you admit to being dishonest. *cough* cock womble *cough*
yes just like vanity fair. In this electronic world their subscribers has gone through the roof.
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
Learn to write in full sentences and engage brain before speaking!
I bet he's real honest.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you would be twice as funny as you are.
@nytimes and @washingtonpost have both reported on you with thoroughness and integrity. You have contempt for the truth.
Yes we know already about your dishonesty  duh
Without Soros funding they would fold! Soros should be tried for war crimes! He has collapsed countries and economies!
My mother was more of a man then you.
I subscribed to the @washingtonpost to help them shine the light on the horror of you.
it's too late to make amends
CAN'T change bec. is who Press is,.Love how Putin ended Rothschild style banking,the cause of wars & misery.
yes unfortunately I already does it have for you and your cabinet. This affects all citizens of the United States.
-that was an "interesting" week, time for you to step aside and let the adults take over.
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
bla bla bla I am a victim  bla bla bla
you should know about dishonest.
#tangarinetoddler
was worried about falling subscription #s, so I signed up for delivery of @washingtonpost & @nytimes. Thx for the heads up!
you are the only dishonest party in this discussion You are unfit to be @POTUS #StopPresidentBannon #StopTheCoup
@nytimes they just got one more subscription.
Stop all the aide to the illegals coming across the border. Then u won't have to build the wall!
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
Run the country and stop the childish tantrums! Grow UP!
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
Stop Lying
FAKE PRESIDENT! Fake human being! REAL FASCIST!
Yes, you certainly are! #trumpunfitforoffice
how dishonest have you been and delusional, that you just can't let things go no matter how Petty they are
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
Yeah! Fuck FHM Magazine. It wor shit!
LIAR
You think you can shape reality.  You think because you say it, it's true.  Nope.  Never will be.  You were a joke then too
stay the course.. We the People (with common sense) are loving it Mr. President.. America First!
Hi President Donald Trump we are so blessed to have you as our President! I had a dream that I introduced myself to you.
Thanks for all the new subscriptions Drumpf!
Sad more like it, so if you are driving the country into a canyon; you won't stop when you see the rim? Bigly Sad!
i wouldn't be talking about dishonesty hun
We Are Tired Of The Bastardization Of America By The Left.  Trying To Make Pu##ies Afraid To Say We Have Had Enough.
and you are honesty Mr Wolf.
Do you know the difference between dishonest and accurate reporting on things you have been recorded as saying or doing?
knows dishonesty when he sees it. He is THE expert!
I agree.
LOL keep making shit up, it's what you do best... not that anyone believes you, but if it keeps your finger off the button
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, 'concentrate'.
yes, you are dishonest
Alternate facts!  NYT subs up 10 fold.  You are the one being dishonest.
"DISHONEST"?! You're projecting again. #StopPresidentBannon #ReleaseYourTaxes #Illegitimate #StopTrumpNow #NoBanNoWall
amazing that you admitted that you are dishonest finally!
Thanks @realDonaldTrump. I just subscribed to @nytimes.
When the facts point in one direction...
just like you
this reaction by democrats to your executive action is sooo bipartisan. They only care about politics not our safety.
you are dishonest
Maybe they are finally waking up.
the only one dishonest is you sir.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
it's only dishonest & fake if you disagree with it.
Dishonest as in spewing lies? You should know it's your specialty.
their facts check out, unlike yours. #StopTrump #NPV #BlameTheGOP #TrumpistheTerrorist
should we be reading your Nazi friend's hate rag instead?
We U. The MSM takes you literally but not seriously. The American people take you seriously but not literally thus U won
just as dishonest as you.  You're not wanted in the White House, in America or in the World.  Please, Foxtrot Oscar.
you are DISHONEST.  Tell the truth Drumph!
It takes one to call one, Donnie.
Not they have your number and so do we orange judas.
Now, that is calling the kettle black when it is actually silver!  You are very dishonest!  Not getting the true facts.
That it seems very suspicious that your defense of Putin is fishy and the appearance does indicate he hs something on you
Yes. You are dishonest. Thank you for reminding us. The NYT eventually caught on, but not until it was too late.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'd be glad to do so for you.
with great power there is great responsibility.
your course of action Is honorable though u may loose supporters and colleagues don't let emotion guide u #action
people have to understand be patient it will be a little messy in the beginning but it will be OK soon .Ty Mr.Trump USA saf
Your "alternative facts" don't add up.  Grey Lady digital subscriptions up 200K because of you.
ignore the negatives, keep up the good work! Thank you
NO!! They did not get you wrong. They just do not want to read your dishonest stuff anymore. U are not important!!!!!
...TRUE!!! I loved President George Bush...never hesitated with giving them the "BIRD" God Speed Mr. President!
