Oh, no, not again! Traffic! Terrorists...
What nothing about Miss Universe or the Apprentice?
the only thing more corrupt than you is the IOC. So of course you'd hop into bed with them. #sad
who cares?
Damn:downright Shakespearean-the son brings it ALL DOWN trying to please his domineering father-who also never felt truly loved by his dad
L A doesn't deserve it. Why help their economy? Better places with better people. I wouldn't spend a penny there
Hey @POTUS @PressSec Any statement on the 16 Marines killed when their KC-130 crashed in MS?

You sure  our Marines & military. #Unfit
Proud of our POTUS! Always 3 steps ahead to MAGA!
Great idea...you gonna pay for it personally?
Olympics are a great event to watch however my tax $'s would be better spent elsewhere.  Based off of historical figs it's a money loser
Nice diversion from the real story, Trump. Russia Russia Russia. #TrumpRussia
How will any competitors get in the country? Is that the plan? US wins by default for lack of competitors? Sounds like a sleezy trump move.
I wish you would work hard and make some nominations...or maybe be part of health care bill process. Oh, how about address nation re G20?
What a tool.
Lets Work to get your impeached #ImpeachTrump
who is don jr meeting with for that?
Y'know, I'd rather my country be free of corruption than my hometown host the corrupt Olympics.
Jules, find someone else to be negative about. You do have a right to your opinion,  but does it always have to be so hateful and negative

You are a sick fool!
...what? Why? That should not be a priority, at all.
Won't be as good as London 2012.
Negative today??? How can u be so sad...
We tend to lose money on those things. Good luck.
Do we really want this in USA?
Buen dia sr presidente
Half the participants will be banned. But at least USA wins!! So much winning!! #Resist


Keep up the good work , buddy.
Please resign. 

I can't decide if you really hate this country, or are so narcissistic that you're blind...but you must step down.
Really? I think there's more important things at this point for you to be worrying about.
As if it were as easy as buying a pony...or an election. Good luck pal.
How about working hard to stop your family from colluding with the Russians. You knew about this, right?  You can tell me.
LA's a shit hole just like every Democratic run  city. I'm from LA.
الناس ديل راجينك بالعقوبات
We appreciate everything that you're doing BUT LA will thank you by  turning Olympics into the largest anti-trump rally ever! Brown ruinsALL
Bring it to Texas...
Cant waint for u and your fam to be LOCKED UP!!!
By 'United States" I assume you mean Mother Russia...
So it's now official.  Your Campaign Colluded with Russia!! 

COLLUSION HAS BEEN CONFIRMED!
It looks like Donald doesn't even try to defend DJ Jr.'s actions.  I bet he throws him under the bus!
I hear the rumbling of the bus right now
Sorry son...

Why?
THIS is a priority for you?  Really???!!!???
Thanks, but maybe you should focus on your plea deal for all that Russian collusion. Or at least ask Hillary who setup her server...
there is no russian collusion
Hey, Vlad. 
do you go around calling everybody who doesnt agree with you a russian bot or vlad?
How are you going to hold the Olympics when you exclude half the athletes for entering with your travel bans?
won't your lovely taxpayers have to pay for that? looks like a couple less golf trips for you!
Wow! Bravo Mr president 

Sit down you old fool
Los Angeles didn't need ur help. Girl bye 
The American people want to hear about Russian collusion!
:This effort bolster the confidence of businesses which rely on the games,thus making its coming to America great,again!Try!
there is no news stations ! sometimes fox all MSM is Liberal Opinion TV.
maybe stay off twitter and do your damned job!
I want them in @kygov KY someday.
Bryan Garten @bizlex <<< @KylenMills @clairecrouch @AngelaKinsey @AngelAlessandra @APhilpottWKYT BuildMyDo
#BuildMyDome pass it on! I need2 billion! @GEICO @Shell @McDonalds @Fazolis @Boeing @CSX @meijer @CBS @opry @Oprah @TODAYshow #KyGladiators!
http://PayPal.Me/bellagartenllc  #Since2003 #CentralKy #DonateNow! @UKCoachCalipari @UKSportsNetwork @UKParliament @robbromleywkyt @carrieunderwood
@KentuckySports @SInow @espn @NBA @NFL @NFLonFOX @SNFonNBC @terrybradshaw @LorettaLynn @JoeMontana @GE_Power @JeromeBettis36 @azzurri @Brazi
CA is banning travel to several states.  Cannot support Olympics in LA. Spend your time firing Obama holdovers instead please.
I for one don't give one flying fuck about the Olympics. Why aren't you giving a fuck about Russian election interference or #healthcare?? 
And the rest of America is working hard to fix the big mistake called Trump Administration
Drip, drip, drip, drip
Hey Don the Con
It looks to me like Jr just took the limelight 
You gonna fire him too? 
#thereistherethere
Won't that cost billions? How about spending money getting your fellow citizens good healthcare instead of going after the trophy items?
Dude, @realDonaldTrump, you have nothing to do with the Olympics. Already planning on going to LA after Paris. You're not a good negotiator
You have not done shit for LA to get the Olympic game! This has been the work for years now! What a joke! you'll take credit for anything!
Good. We need more stuff that lose money. Maybe your wife and son can move back to NYC, that wasted lots of money for 5 months
I think stay out. You have a tendency to mess things up. Leave it to the professionals
yea, BETTER NOT find Tehran compliant!
It was already in the works before you Lucifer the 45th,  but we probably WON'T be chosen because of YOU! Stop flattering yourself!
LOL
YOURE NOT WORKING HARD AT ALL. You're polishing your DList Celebrity.
Anywhere but L.A.!!!!
We need quality, affordable health insurance. Could you please work on that!?
@realDonaldTrump - why Kalifornakshun? What other cities want to go into debt offering stage to America-haters and asylum seekers? 
None are America haters. Where do you get these stupid ideas?
YOU ARE TAKING EVERTHING AWAYFROM THE PEOPLE HOW COULD WE EVER HAVE ANY GAMES HERE.  YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE ARE STEALING ALL THE MONEY.
don't forget about your promises you made to us
Obama tried to do the same for Chicago; I guess you guys are cut from same cloth.
What trump property? Liar n thief
The presidency is not a game show. For the love of God, stop saying 'stay tuned'.
How about working hard all those empty positions you haven't nominated anyone to fill.
BOYCOTTING
no please.
No, no, please, please don't do this. Leave our city alone.

*insert Richard Gere vs. Bruce Greenwood scene from I'm Not There*
Doing great POTUS, keep up good work. I figure when 2024 rolls around Obama's legacy will be a footnote in elementary school.
What rubbish,Paris and LA are the only two candidates for 2024 and 2028,the only unknown is who goes first.Your full of it Sunshine!.
While they support illegals???
No!  Please...too much money for a waste of over built area.  Besides most countries will boycott...because Obama will tell them to.
Why not Texas we have a much better economy then CA and it is in the middle of the country so the East Coast doesn't have to go as far
Just when we thought we might have hit the bottom of your capacity for corruption.
Thanks for your dedication, working hard for the USA! Thank you!
Wonderful!
Does it include hookers, Donny?
Olympics!? Really?! I  Olympics but dislike you. Maybe you should work on more important WH issues. #resist #notmypresident #liarinchief
You have nothing to do with that
Working hard to remove healthcare from 24 million Americans. Horrible family of liars. You'll bring us only pain.
List of what OBAMA & Democrats did while he was PREZ. ALL good things for American PPL incl. tRUMP Voters.

GOP R trying to TAKE AWAY ALL!
yessssssss
Do you possibly think that the Olympics committee would even consider having the Olympics in the US as long as we have such an idiot as pres
We don't want it.  It is too costly.  Don't spend my taxes on this.
Do you really think the Olympic committee is going to OK sending athletes from around the world to a country that is not safe for them.
Why dont you fix the economy or something? Stop working on nonsense and actually be the president
Have them on the White House lawn. Keep them away from L A.
And you've done exactly what re: Olympics? America awaits your response.
I'm sure the socialists will feel right at home in the people's republic of California.
Well, you do know athletes will have to come from all over the world, even people you banned. The rest of the world wouldn't allow it anyway
You'll be in jail by then along with your kids.
How about focusing on real issues?
Weren't they already awarded? The Olympics will be in LA in either 2024 or 2028. You did nothing, Sir.
For the United States?  The Olympics is for sale?  Cooooool.  I bid 400 quatloos.
NOT LA! They riot! Big increase in black agitation w BLM, ALL BLACK DAY ON CAMPUS! TERRORISTS. 
No more refugees!! No $$$$
This is just a horrible idea when we still have pockets of US in recession.
Thank you! I know with your support it is possible. #MAGA
Don't bother with Olympics. Very costly (to local taxpayers) results in massive unused stadiums forever. Only rich developers like U benefit
Los Angeles is getting the Olympics regardless. It is just a matter of whether it's 2024 or 2028. Just another attempt to get credit.
"Sanctuary STATE"?!?  "CALIFORNIA"??? I wouldn't even GO THERE...not even for "OLYMPICS"!!! "They need "BIG CHANGES"!
The city did this, nice try though
Your crooked enough to make the pay offs to the right people
Did you really think that the American people would stand for it any longer did you really think that the people would tolerate these lies
NO NO NO NO!!! We don't want them. The stuff left over isn't good for anything afterwards!!
Why are you working on the Olympics for 2028. L. A. Is on the shortlist for 2028. That's 11 years from now.
Maybe you could book the crowds at your hotel? The crossbar hotel....
I trust GOD will work through you.
Just like a Trump. Promote a big money-losing project like it was great because HE would make a lot of $$$. Nobody wants olympics anymore.
Are you kidding me, you want to bankrupt a city with Olympics.  That will create meaningful employment. Find another solution.
Pssst. This is real life, not a TV show. Your father died from #Alzheimers Looks like you have it too. #25thAmendmentNow #ResignTrump
Dont

No thanks. You should be working on your resignation address instead. #MAGA
Would people from your banned countries be allowed to participate? Can their families come to support them?
A definite top priority as the world is crumbling. The Olympics are our definite main concern right now.
How about work hard not to throw 23 million off of their health insurance.
Again, amen sister!!
..but I suppose you will try to take the credit for it
Is it the Olympics that started under Obama.Or alternative facts again Trump?You are such a liar.
An incompetent president Trump resign now.
Panem et circenses #breadandcircuses distract the public from real trouble. How long will this  work?
@NetworksManager not LA any other state but California
Please reconsider the Olympics being held in California. So many other states could benefit by hosting the Olympics.
by rerouting  the games to Moscow ?
Well, you would surely win a Gold if they introduce the sport of Stupid Tweets.
this is not a reality show Biff
Work hard to remove yourself and your criminal family from the American people WH.
I do not think that has anything to do with Trump. He lies, as usual.
Jerry Springer kids hold it personal.  I guess there going to he'll.  Trumps Jelous Jealous and not invited.
I'd rather you make the health care bill your # 1 priorty instead!! Great health care is more importan5t to everyone than the 5 ring games!
It would send a big message to the people of California if you were to bring the Olympics to Los Angeles again. Reagan did it.
#FAKE SICK PRESIDENT
Working minus-5000-Carrier-plant-jobs hard or golf-cart-on-the-green hard?
Why don't you work harder and get your political appointments filled while you have total control of congress?  You're a slacker. YOUR FIRED
Like you have anything to do with it.
Olympics only bring loses not profits to countries wanting to sponsor the Olympics. I say pass.. Mr. @POTUS
Could you stay out of the Olympic thing? You have too much baggage to add any value to the proposal
How about you work on turning over your taxes and act like a president.  Man child your out of your league.  Olympics not a hot plate issue
FORGET THE OLYMPICS! JUST KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF OUR HEALTHCARE! TELL THE GOP NOT TO REPEAL OUR HEALTHCARE. THE RICH ARE RICH ENOUGH! #RESIST
A) Who needs the Olympics?
B) We should call it a tax cut, not healthcare anything, because that's what it is.
C) #Resist
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Oh Ivanka who do you think you are kidding?
Tweeting from the golf course?
Working hard on that slice  #MAGA 
#Obama said he's so great they should have Olympics in Chicago & they said No,
#Trump talked about how Great America is & they said Yes 2 LA
Just what we need when you take away money from Medicaid and waste it on Olympics with everyone from Russia on steroids anyway! SAD AND BAD!
I pray that Trump doesn't destroy the United States.
Why?
Hey! Drumpf! How about health care? Focus, you numb nut.
Don't you have bigger things to focus on????
It was already a done deal sir.  Tell us something we don't know.
If anyone can do it YOU can President Trump!  Bravo!!!!
You should be able to do that Donnie. The IOC likes to do business the same way you do.
Great! Good Luck! God bless!
And the heavy lifting for this circus  is being done in LA by local politicians.
Considering that you are YOU. This could only end in the IOC putting us on their politically banned list.
and get all american athletes banned for doping because of russia
Getting an Olympics is a disaster for everyone but the chief officials running it. But let's be honest, graft is your style.
