We've found the BIGGEST LEAKER!
We've found the BIGGEST LEAKER!
Only one year.  Hey, everyone hates your sorry ass, whaddya expect?
Your garbage is not national security and you are and have been a source of name calling and backstabbing your entire life. Reprehensible!
Great!  So I take it that they will be investing @RepDevinNunes?
Scooter Libby
Btw...this has nothing to do with National Security, so stop selling it as such.  Lol.
  You figure this is your way to get rid of investigation before it gets  to you.  From what I saw so far, seen nothing that will help you.  Sorry.
Haha.  It ain't gonna help you  at all.  It just makes sessions and your WH look more guilty.  It will backfire as always with you.
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the ...
I think leaks have generally been worse where the hurricanes made landfall but I hope everything is okay in Washington! #thoughtsandprayers
I heard Jason Chaffets say that Sessions would NOT be convening a GJ, INDICTING,OR PROSECUTING HILLARY for emails OR Benghazi!! Why NOT? 
A.G. is faking his loyalty. He Is the Leak leader. He wants your place. Don't BE Fooled. He hates you since you called him out for who he is
Go Trump
,...even when this is UNNECESSARY & EXCESSIVE .,(August 5, 2017; 18:58 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
ALWAYS FAVORS AUTHORITATIVE BRUTE FORCE...,(August 5, 2017; 18:58 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
still THE SAME guy who picked RANDALL over REBECCA JARVIS in "the apprentice" (August 5, 2017; 18:58 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
ANIMAL-like tweet #2: "...TOUGHER, THE BETTER" (August 5, 2017; 18:58 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
ANIMAL-like tweet #1: "TAKING ACTION" (August 5, 2017; 18:58 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Blah! :(
True! I don't think they've been tough enough. Our biggest threat ever is the freakin PRESIDENT for fuck's sake!
.
...
Resign.  Racist
why isn't Session going after Comey. Comey committed treason and majority of the country are sick of high ranked treason going unpunished
So proud to be an American once again since President Trump took office.  You give me courage, faith and hope.
Except you want to fire him!
Your mum leaks

Since you're the leaker-in-chief you better watch your back.
Mr. President - you still don't believe the Russian's attacked the American people during the election season.  Very sad.
you should hire me as your speech writer i dont need a college degree to feel the pulse of america Sir If you bring me in
right on!  great hire there!!  can't wait to see where the leaks on the Clinton mail servers came from... priority #1 for the A.G.??
https://www.facebook.com/DavidJHarrisJr/videos/1942515585960922/ …
SATELLITE EMPDONT FALL FOR THIS TRAP
He is a true supporter of you Potus!
We are very proud of you,and we love you.
Absolutely-and the faster the better!  I am sick & tired of hearing lies & stupid remarks by news media-ONLY designed to make you look bad!!
National security???? Charlottesville...
Resign already. It's obvious you'd rather play golf than govern.
Your weak AG. I thought you were going to fire him.
Did Soros pay David Duke, White Supremists and Antifa in Charlottesville ON August 12,2017?Think Saul Alinski. DOJ & FBI should investigate.
To all Trump haters you need to sweep off your own doorstep. You condemn him but you are all spewing hate too.
How can you get the speck of dust out of his eye if you can't get the mote out of yours?
You're forgetting who the real leaker is - YOU.
there are leaks because you're a fake president and traitor and the whole world laughs at You! SAD 
Please shut Meuller investigation down.  They have no right to be  investigating you when they are the criminals.
you mean the amazing leaks since you are president
I really love America and I like to work there.
Until recently, leaks- unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or classified information was strictly forbidden. Accountability was expected!!
Leaks are well n healthy. WP is gonna bring u down Donny n NYT will print what u don't even know !
They have served for generations ,devoted to us! Because,every once in a while we f**k up.
Go Trump!
He needs to start with YOU @realDonaldTrump . Biggest leaker there is.
Hahaha I think you'll find that your administration has had many many leaks since you've become president. U mad, bro?
How does he stop your leaks?
What does Putin's dick look like?
.. just make sure you SAVE THIS Republic.. 
if WE the people HAVE no say.. THERE WILL be revolt..
Fire the IRS Obama holdovers.
It's to be checked daily I hope.
The tough are coming after YOU.
AG going to fire you? you leak more top secret info than anyone
Do you mean the raid of Manafort's house? I was happy about that too!
Hey prezzy Don, you seen that hair swap tho? It's everything 
we care bout content of leak not who is leaking
You call them leaks. I call it letting you bosses know what your doing. There's. No secret government in the United States of America..
not leakers, donnie. whistleblowers. may they always "leak" the truth.
good luck with that.  sessions grow some balls and say NO.  trump has made u seem so insignificant why assist him now.  tell him 2 go2 $#@!
when you have belittled sessions what do u think he is going to do - now your bidding is the agenda - not working for the people but for U
LOSER....AND...WHINNER
Patriots telling the truth! He is only concerned because the leaks are not good for him!!!! Impeach!!! Resist!!!
Did the condom LEAK, @JasonMillerinDC?
IAs said Trump you are a leak or in chief you don't even understand classified information-you leak it
Bet ya Putin doesn't have any leaks.

Yeah you don't want any of your stuff leaking! Might show that you're even more inept than people think
Please stop tweeting, embarrassing,
Why dont you want anything to get out? Hiding something eh?
Please, stop pretending that this is for "national security" when the world knows it's about your ego....it's demeaning to us all.
Reasoning intelligence and education will help to
You're the biggest leaker & liar so the AG needs to start with you! Liar liar
the leaks aren't the journalists fault, they are the LEAKERS fault....STUPID...trump is the biggest blabber mouth of classified leaks!!
Yes!
Mr Jeff Sessions will take care take care of you POTUS
@realDonaldTrump is that what you will call #Russiaprobe & #ClimateReport
And yet u just retweeted a leaked news article re N Korea. Apparently, when it suits you, you don't care the source.
You didn't say that when the leaks were about Hillary Clinton
You didn't say that when the leaks were on Hillary Clinton
Haha!
What journalists? What a joke!
There have not been real journalists in a long time.  So it d oestrogen not apply to fake news.
it's about time...now if he holds their balls to the wall leaking will stop.
Lock them up!
get rid of SESSIONS, he is compromised, no plea deals for Hillary- Stop Sessions ceasing of our homes!!!!
Blame it on anyone but yourself right?
U got NUTTIN and Mr Keebler Sesions will find NUTTIN!!!!!!!
Good. Begin prosecuting Fox news for their story containing classified information.  On top of that, your retweet is culpable for charges
West Virginia's opioids crisis increased by 41%,after they voted for an Idiot! They realized they fucked up! SAD!
we need any leaks that we can get under your administration, you are so non-transparent that we are starving for info on your policies
NO HILLARY DEALS, LOCK HER UP!
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
uhm, you are the leak - your memory is failing you jefe
We want to see big name people charge too like Ryan Comey and anyone else
Ahh spineless Sessions #WeakPresident
And you taking no action by retweeting.  #liarinchief
Start with HR McMaster as the primary leaker & opponent of your policies. He is a danger to you and your agenda. Fire him, hire John Bolton.
Fire McMaster and replace with @DonaldTrumpJr would be even better!
you are the biggest leaker of all and have the biggest mouth
Your approval rating is low, low, low. Sad base of deplorables. Weep for America. Sickening.
Now if W.H. staff can only get you to shut up we'll all be much safer.
Would rather see you keep your promise "If I were President, you'd be in jail."
Oh shut up.
Hopefully someone will leak your tax returns.
Oh, now you like him. I'd trust PT Barnum as Prez over you, #Conman
Oh, is he protecting us from you?? It is not American what he is doing, taking away rights to law.
Maybe you should stop leaking and disclosing classified info on Twitter. Lead my example FAKE PRESIDENT
I strongly agree.  Prosecute Fox News for releasing a story with classified information from anonymous sources. Sessions to begin the case
If the Whitehouse can't stop the leaks, maybe you should work out of your NJ home. You can control WHO is there!
Doing a good job Mr. President, exactly why you were elected to stop politically correct leftist liberals who ruined this country.
CNN and other media should be held accountable for receiving classified documents. CNN barely real news only pushing their narrative
The leaks will continue to expose you. Sad it has to be this way for all of us! Stop doing bad things- better, resign.
But, you were ok with leaks coming from Russia and WikiLeaks, but that was when the leaks were about HRC, who won the popular vote...
Karen, you forgot to mention that she won the popular vote by more than 3 million votes. I'm very disappointed in you. #TrumpRussia
My bad!
Trump is the man to bring this country back!  All you young kids who spout off all the bull shit have no idea what it takes to fix this mess
Most leaks are lies spun by the reporters themselves, sad they hide behind corrupt tactics of journalism, no trust for any news media in US
Maybe you could patch up the leaks in the White House with some Russian gold?? Just a helpful thought.
Hiring 10,000 new ice positions says that we are going to storm the beaches of our own cities to bring back law & order in our own country.
Didn't you recently tweet classified information? Those leaks might be coming from a source closer than you think.
We need to clean up Washington.....obama and the Clintons need to go to jail
So far, Trump is the biggest leaker. His ignorance and ego will compromise all our securities. Knowing when to shut up is the best defense.
Does this include you tweeting leaked classified information??
Let's be tough together on out of control presidents, #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Jail their sss
Biggest leak of all is you in the WH, giving top secret intel to Russia in a meeting where only a Russian reporter was allowed.  Shame!
Leakers need to be fired, arrested, prosecuted and jailed and then watch the leaks dry up.
Action? Did the inbred garden gnome #JeffSessions finally call in an emergency plumbing team to plug up your big, loose, blabbing pie hole?
They're all leaking on U  because they despise you. You'll never stop the leaks, you're hated too much. Everything U do is watched/reported!
No more leakers already not going to disturb the excellent job that you did for us into WH.
Sessions need to be proded to go after Hillary before STATUTE OF LIMITIONS RUNS OUT . I love my hardworking president !
Leakers by media or Democrats!
The leaks are the only honest information from the WH I think you BELIEVE you are liked. The opposite is true. We don't like or trust you.
You are my president. Your base is there. It's rock solid. Keep doing what you do best. God Bless.
THE FBI DOJ's  COUNTERINTELLIGENCE doesn't apply to cronies,  Clinton, Rep wass. -Schultz, or her PAKI NATIONALS
This coming from the leaker-in-chief
You are making up leaks to distract us
Need more leaks, to publicize the wrongdoing by 45
Dude, if you were doing things right there'd be no reason for anyone to leak anything...
Thank You Mr. President for everything you are doing #Winning #MAGA
Have you sent him your name and the names of those you share information with at Fox and Freinds?
IT'S GREAT TO SEE YOU AND JEFF BACK TO CARING ABOUT ONE ANOTHER AGAIN! DID U LEARN ANYTHING FROM THE RIFT U MADE?
The "better" for WHOM??? That's a delusional statement!!! You want a WAR to pretend you're tough for your stupid supporters easily misled!!
Your the leak,
Liar.
