Your regulation cuts so far only benefit big banks , Wall Street , unethical government officials,corporations and the wealthy like you BAD
Just have @jaredkushner sign off and we are all set. #bananarepublic
You sure have named a lot of post offices!
...and impeachment don't forget that one
Everything you mentioned is destroying the US. Your only agenda is erasing Obama's legacy. That will NEVER happen. He was a great president
Obama didn't do jack for us struggling dependents of the coal industry - gee whatever happened to those green energy jobs Obama promised??
You are the worst POTUS ever! You probably know that deep inside, and you are trying to convince yourself more than anyone else...
Now arrest the swamp including Comey Lynch HRC & Obamas holdouts!
Alot of the massive regulation cuts are not good. You're sending the AMERICA back in time.
Meanwhile insurance companies profits way up.

आज कौन जीतेगा ??? इंडिया या पाकिस्तान ???
Assassinate TRUMP! Assassinate TRUMP! Assassinate TRUMP! Assassinate TRUMP! Assassinate TRUMP! Assassinate TRUMP! Assassinate TRUMP! Adios!
Trumpcare will be ur undoing. Iffy preexisting coverage, sickest, poor & oldest kicked off. AARP, AMA & most healthcare organization oppose!
Fake claims. Three bills appoint individuals to the Smithsonian Institution board, two name buildings,

Regulations are not a bad thing. See #grenfell

You're one heck of a deadly president....
There may be negativity now, but give him a chance, in a few years time you will look back and say "This man is great & he is my president"
No, he is rapidly ruining what's left of the country http://www.salon.com/2017/06/17/trump-is-selling-a-privatization-scam-and-calling-it-an-infrastructure-plan_partner/ …
Quoting Salon is like believing in a Marvel comic book, its a 2nd rate tabloid mag. Please give me a credible source for gods sake!
What is a credible source for you? Honest question.
Not likely to get response
I'm starting to think mark is really trump on an alias account trying to stick up for himself.  or just another bot.
I thought it was a trump alias account too, from the words it uses; "one tough cookie"  "one smart cookie" DT says that a lot
HAPPY   FATHERS   DAY...
Oh, you're up. I didn't see any tweets overnight. Is there Internet service at camp David?
Is your arm getting tired of patting yourself on the back?
Wrong.
Yep" All that needs to happen is get the Republican leaders to start fighting for America.  Then #MAGA
I don't know how you get SO MUCH work done for the people when the media has been trying to distract with Russia. Hardest working President!
He is a blow hard. You are a blow hard belie e. He will crash the economy unless you are in the top 1% hang on, it Is going to get rough
Are the 36 bills actually just executive orders? Have you passed any actual legislation? Infrastructure and tax hasn't been released. Sad!
Republicans are in their closet planning what will most likely be a "mean" bill -will you oppose it!
Done 100x more in 5 months than Obama did in 8yrs.
The health care bill and the Muslim ban are dead, and the wall is non-existent. #MAGA
And you are under investigation. It's going great !
So far they have investigated for 11 months and nothing yet. Wake up. It's turned into a witch hunt. They have went over everything=nothing
So far they have chosen not to prosecute anyone because the depth of corruption is not yet know.  Standby for about 18 more. Then see.
If you honestly think they are sitting on anything they could possibly prosecute you are mistaken. They jump at the chance to boot him out!
Case is larger than Watergate & looks like it is delving into not just the obvious obstruction POTUs admitted to but #RICO #TrumpCrimeFamily
The bigger investigation should be NSA surveillance of private citizens. Read Orwell's 1984.
Look NSA can spy on me I got nothing to hide and if it keeps us a little safer have at it.  Not sure what you and trump are hiding

The snowflakes can't stand their country. They make that obvious in word and deed.
Deport illegals, no amnesty, build the wall
One major failure still though.... no Impeachment yet!
Impeachment...? ...you gotta be kidding, he still has another full term ahead of him.
Doubtful, did you see him climb that highway embankment during the rally season, he is a tough cookie, unlike crooked Hillary that collapsed
Wait! Hold the phone! What about Hillary? What about Hillary? What about Hillary? What about Hillary? LOL. The election is over genius.
My point is that people willingly voted for Hillary, a sickly crooked hag that collapsed & had to be dragged to a van like a sack of onions.
This is the account that retweeted @trentster tweet. Frickn BOTS from @realDonaldTrump SICK SAD
Healthcare and tax cuts might be in the works but they won't become law because Republicans oppose your policies
You stole the Supreme Court seat. Appointing Neil Gorsuch is not an impressive achievement. It was a disgraceful political manoeuvre
Yup and Happy Father's Day
Did you read any of them before you signed them?
He ran a multi billion $ company with 100's of moving parts, trust me he reads everything before he signs them. This man is one smart cookie
Did you make sure Putin is cool with all of this?
Don't believe the fake "Russia did it" narrative, you are being played brother, don't let them fool you any longer... its time to wake up.
You crack me up mark.
Respect your president and you will see that the future will only return good things to you and fellow Americans, he needs your support.
Trump is incapable of commanding respect. In fact a cardboard cut out would do better.
You are not a fan I gather? 
Keep trying to convince yourself.
ALL you've got is the SCOTUS judge, that's IT.
Enforcement of existing immigration laws, making normalization of relations with Cuba contingent on specific human rights improvements
You're making things up again.
Will be such a GREAT DAY when you enact you're MEAN healthcare.
Your*
DAMN
Sounds like a perfect time to go out on a high note. 

Resign. Resign. Resign. Resign.
Not a chance he has lots and lots of important work to do and a full second term ahead of him. Wait and see, soon you will love Mr President
Now THAT'S the funniest thing I've heard in a very long time! Thanks for the laugh.
Enjoy it now because you'll be crying in 2020
Tears of Joy when Trump isn't even running.
Promises, promises, Donny. We see unclean air and water, bad schools, and crumbling roads

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #p2 #tcot  #humor #NotMyPrez
..unclean air & water, bad schools, crumbling roads, why didn't OBAMA use his 8 years to fix those instead of destabilize Libya & Syria?
republicans
not GOP who took out Qaddafi & laughed, unleashing refugee crisis on EU or destabilized Syria in failed attempt to remove Assad.
that was wrong.
and why did the siege on Aleppo end the day AFTER HILLARY's LOSS? She wanted that GD PIPELINE to the EU.  ADD 2+2
It's a conspiracy wrapped in an enigma and covered in #bullshit 
:-)
why did Hillary send Victoria Nuland to urge on the Rebels in Ukraine? she needed to block Russia's energy sales to EU..& let Qatar replace
yup, that's right he's cutting healthcare. great! now Americans can go bankrupt after you help make us sick again. #MAGA 

#VoteBlue #FixACA
Universal healthcare is needed in America
we'll get that once @GOP can figure out how big donors can profit from it 

that goes for all health and human services policy here #MAGA
No that is how America got in this mess to begin with. Healthcare should not be a business and definitely not for profit
agreed. profit-over-people policy serves fewer people, and we all deserve better. @GOP don't see it that way. they are a selfish party.
That is why I voted for Bernie Sanders he is all about universal healthcare. Americans are getting screwed big time
Bernie Sanders voted against Hillary's universal healthcare plan when he was a congressman! 
Just FYI - neoliberalism is all about (among some other things) privatization, esp. govt/public services. It's something Republicans have...
Me, Me, Me, brag, brag, brag. All talk & NO ACTION! Cut'g healthcare 4 poor, tax cuts for you & upper 10%. WTG!  Still Don the Con. SAD!!
LMAO. U can't govern. Cannot pass any legislation except executive orders to abolish Obama's successes. LMAO
Signing a bunch of executive orders that have been meaningless doesn't count for shit either. Especially when majority of them are blocked.
Keep working Mr. President.

AWESOME!!  Thanks for sharing. Love seeing the positive good news. Keep this up.
Hi Mr president when does the when does life stop and the reality truth start.
Lol delusional.  You are hilarious
What country do you work for again?

23 million without health insur; Medicare to be cut back;  Top 1% gets Billions of tax dollars cut; Worst Pres in history
I hope it fails

Your 36 bills are of little significance. I suggest people go past your rhetoric, and look at what was passed.
Trump,does it feel that your presidency is coming to an end..no sleep, feeling depressed..this is just the beginning! More on the way!!
IRAN
You lie.
Best president ever!
What a ass. Rich get richer bottom line
Your signed "Bills" are a joke. Everyone knows you've done nothing in over 150 days. How embarrassing for you and the GOP
Delusional Donny. You will be in jail soon.
You consider signing EO's and having to "go nuclear" to get your USSC nominee confirmed to be impressive? You've accomplished nothing.
Funneling more money to the rich. Paying no attention to the American people. Failure at everything. #ResignNow #FakePresident
Go straight to jail new Nixon
Can you tell us why you dissed President Carter and asked Argentina to not give him the award?  Kinda lame don't you think.
Yes please it's call evidence
When America crus for America the truth of America will Speak And Listen to the Right and The Lef.
BULLSHIT you have done nothing no bills just lies & grandiosity. U r fos u r an embarrassment to this nation #treason #liar #shitgibbon
Democrats will fight aganist tax cuts.  They want everyone dependent on the Goverment!  Never vote Democrat again!
Another MAGA  , DAY #!!  YOU ARE AMAZING !!!
Impeach lying dumbo trumpo!
You talk as if what you say becomes law. Another fail..
@BigStick2013 More concerned about the wall, national reciprocity for ccw, and elimination of DACA. Still waiting...
question. What bills? And was that signing them into law? Or just endorsement? Media help not focus on bragging about polls
Mr Trump the bows for JUSTICE Gorsuch should be taken by McConnell not you
#Delusional   That's all.   #Delusional

Resign
Loser. No major legislation.  Worse president ever.
Regulation cut. Lol. Still trying to save coal. What a joke.
McConnell is jamming Healthcare bill through Senate that decreases Medicaid by 800B $ and Trump called "Mean".

Stop destroying our country Mr. Puppet man!
ESAD Punkinhead.
Uare more likeTrickyDickNixon every day.
ExceptHeWasIntelligent
A crook,butAwell educated crook

Uare justAcrook, a bargain basement crook.
Did it in trump world
Economy can't grow enuf to pay for infrastructure. Low birth rate and slow immigration. Bad demographics for economic production increase.
You are delusional. You have done nothing but embarras us
EXECUTIVE ORDERS ARE NOT LEGISLATIVE BILLS.
You say things are in the works, but what really has been accomplished? Your team is inept.  We need a president who supports all citizens!
Good to know what you're working on. Tbh it's hard to get decent press like Obama had. Au least on here you can get your side out.
Awesome... Can't wait for the healthcare cuts
Showem how its TRUMP ,you are a GREAT AMERICAN PRESIDENT ,Not like that demon we had for the last 8 years!  O:-)
So you admit you're cutting our healthcare
the wall?
Tax cuts....big on tweets, very scant on details
…for unity among dems and repubs, the senate might invite the dems in. right? your words have no validity behind them- outright lies!!
What about the naval men who died or didn't that make it on Fox?  How about a shout out for Fathers? Nope it is all about you #resign
, too much going 4 infrastructure, & WAAAY too little 2 military! Remember, strength=peace. @BillovRights
You're doing good job! Now make it a great job: push thru ban, cut Muslim Brohood fr govt., cut PP fr budget, TAX CUTS, build wall! MAGA
Massive "let's not kill the planet. K thnx." cuts. 
Ignorant cheeto.
Keep going POTUS.  D.C. Needs to be changed.
Major accident in US navy, that cost lives, and you only think about promoting yourself? Unbelievable. #NoEmpathy #UnAmerican #NoLeadership
Youre The most ineffective & the most ridiculed Potus in our 240 year history. Quite the story in the record books there Donnie
This regulation cuts made you millions the last time they were rolled back.  Your purposefully crashing finance.
Getting back at American banks for rejecting you? Your greed, their greed and the stupid who follow you will suffer the most.
Can you ever stop just talking about Yourself and what you do that is "so great" ???!!!
...the USA,  HRC, Lynch and others that hide the truth!!
You are a legend in your own mind
Excellent work!
Can't wait
Hahahahahahahahahaha #stfu45
The wealthy people. Can't wait. Wish I were one
Thank you for doing the People's Business, fulfilling promises, #MAGA!
Great job and great work
Tax cuts & program cuts designed to help the poor, don't forget that Trump. The rich benefit, the poor suffer, thanks!
Legislation is written by the legislative Branch and signed into law by Executive Branch. You've signed 30+ exec orders & near zero Leg.
Tax cuts for you, you're lobbyist, Goldman Sachs swampy staff! Stealing our healthcare to line 1% pockets! Deplorable
Schoolhouse Rock... buy it, watch it, learn how bills work!!!!  It's yuge, bigly.
So its doing very well because of intentions? Heres a reality fact for you; Intentions does not MAGA, actions do!
@POTUS This administration is a failure. So many LIES and exaggerations. Bogus throughout.
Not true.
Millions of dollars in security for your goofy family, collusion with Russia, making money for your family from government contracts, being.
The dumbest President in history, having the most God-awful hairdo imaginable-I think that's a more accurate list of what you've done so far
Great job President Trump
Way to go! Now you can resign and MAGA!
global embarrassment
The horrible roads in S.C. Are finally getting the attention they deserve. Thank u @POTUS
What 36 legislative bills did you sign?
You have no idea what your doing with infrastructure. Healthcare, same thing. Tax cuts for the 1%
Great Job Prez!!!
#Palestine #Trump
hard as you try, you'll never beat Obama in popularity. You just won't, not in brains, political savvy, economics. #ham man
...no,no.U'veSignedYourVanitySignature
ToA bunchOfJunk!
Stop after SC Justice.
Thats ALL YOU'VE ACCOMPLISHED!
Nobody likes you, go back to Russia
Hahahahaha
What are you doing to the Californian whales?
Can you play a different tune?  Would a different instrument help?  I have a banjo but think a pan flute or a didgeridoo would be better.
Where's the tapes?
And tax cuts for who? Your rich buddies? Certainly not for the middle class, which actually needs it. But keep touting those tax cuts
POTUS should come out saying he supports everything the Dems do Dems would then back his policies just to go against him
everything has failed and you cheated to get your SCJ. Nothing you have signed has went anywhere past the ink on the paper.
So far, not much that benefits people who need it the most. Oh, health ins changes that strip coverage from millions.
Everyone knows you are incompetent in government.  Nothing important has been done and you are losing. You are sinking.
You mean the President who has golfed more times in the first 150 days than the last 6 presidents combined.
Slow down man, bull shit is getting too deep.
Tax cuts for your fat rich friends...
For whom? That is what Americans care about.
Tax cuts for the rich and we pay for it. Your h althcare is a joke
you  can  not  take  away  any  body  he the are and can  not   take  away  every  body  social  security  we need  all that
Who cares about your fake words.  Stop using big boy words when you don't understand their meaning
Massive US led Regime Change in Syria that you promised would stop. We're attacking Syrian jets that are trying to defend THEIR country.
Destroying #America
