I lived in AZ for 30 years.  McCain has done NOTHING for AZ
And yet the people voted him in over and over again. It's hard to understand.
I don't know why either? They obviously like getting fecked over in Arizona.
I have never met a single Mccain supporter in 30 years.  Not one.
Haha that's awesome! #MAGA
Even ultra-conservatives are jumping off ship with this piece of shit.
The ultra-rich flag wavers GENERALLY have not been in the trenches.
They have believed in philanthropy to the point of a tax break
Donald Trump needs a moment of courage to resign his racist fascist ass out if office.
I don't see it. Hopefully I'm wrong
Hopefully, I'm wrong- but I don't see it either.
The people should recall him. The people should recall the Democrats.
Stop killing of wild horses
Nah. I'll tell it to the 30 million who still have Medicaid. Fix the ACA. Stop the vendetta
Take away the ACA exemption for Congress and we'll see how courageous he is then.
We'll see "How my ch courage John 'Songbird' McCain had with his fellow soldiers? Worse than #JohnKerryCongresstestimony? EQUAL! Both #Traitors
... are you really a bad guy that wants to destroy Mexico and start world war 3?
No he is not. You should listen to some conservative news sources like fox, RUSH LIMBAUGH, info wars, louder with crowder etc and see if they're really  the racists you've been told they are, and see who tells the whole truth and not just propaganda. Please just check them out!

Because you are sabotaging the ACA and American people!
McCain showed you he was a man of honor

Can't stand that creep!!!
Hey stat man over 60% of America are behind Obama care. Thanks for another failure# media rules
You just tweeted about Iran test firing a missile, focus on that instead of McCain.
McCain is Lame & Insane in the Brain #MAGA
Trump, The Cowardly draft-dodger who NEVER had one moment of "Courage,"  can't come close to McCain, a Vietnam War POW, and lifetime HERO.
As an illegal Muslim refugee born n Kenya & raised n Mexico. I speak for all Trump supporters when I say we back LeBron, Curry, & Kaepernick
That is funny. GO BACK TO KENYA.
not all of them.  And as to those increases that would be on the purposful undermining of the ACA. Good job there, that would be your fault
You TRULY don't know when "ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!
There is no courage in anything John McCain does. He is destroying America and the Republican Party. Truly sad.
There is not a Republican party anymore.
Too bad
That's not a bad thing!
You're  an embarrassment.  The only ONE we're laughing at is you
Your amazing healthcare plan sucks. In fact, everything you do sucks.
John McCain's JOB is to follow the mandate that his voters gave him to #RepealObamacare and #MAGA!
Fake news
@SenJohnMcCain does have courage and my respect.
HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE
Better than what you're offering!

don't forget the millions you deceived saying #FullRepeal #LyinDonnie #conman
Have you done anything today besides tweet your disgusting insults and hate??
He's one of the few leaders left that has a heart.
Stop trying to pass the buck on this. You have zero ideas that don't revolve around your ego, division, and or hate.
McCain:  short-sighted and frequently wrong.

There laughing at you not at John McCain dimwit. Buy you're right, he's s brave man you're a cowardly lazy slob

@SenJohnMcCain has more courage in his baby toe than you and your entire @WhiteHouse have combined.
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP @PressSec
How's your bone spur doing these days? #Dotard
Everyone is laughing at you!
Americans don't think about one state they think about the well being of all Americans in general. Not all are selfish like you, grow up
#takes Lee
Perhaps his sealed pardon records should be opened.

John McCain is jealous of you. 

That's all it is.
This^^^^
Especially the fat body and ridiculous hair
And the tiny penis and tiny hands. Don't forget those.
Tiny penis? Experience?
Anyone who feels the need to debase themselves by defending their size publicly as he did has some serious insecurity about their peculiars.
If that's what keeps you up at night....

POLL 

Has your insurance rate increased with obama care??

Vote below and RETWEET!
REPEAL AND REPLACE obamaCARE!!
Hello tiny Di ck 
We miss Obama the Big D.

#MAGA
So many who voted for him feel betrayed. Flat out LIAR! #MAGA

It’s not his age that bothers me. It’s the fact he is a #traitor that DOES! 

#MAGA #JohnMcCain
One of the biggest traitors to #America 

#MAGA
#MAGA
Soros puppet, & ISIS supporter
I'd call it courage, something you're probably unfamiliar with!
Leave him alone, you bully! He has more grace in his pinky than you ever will!
Seriously?
John McCain is a lying, traitorous, self serving, evil man beneath all that “grace” you speak of!!
John McCain has more class, dignity and character in his pinky than your ENTIRE FAMILY COMBINED
Dyyyyyying laughing!!!
Repeal yes.  But, question....why replace? Why not give it back to the states?  It's a sincere question, plz answer seriously.  Thnx
you mean give it back to the states so they can mismanage it like they would in california?
What's your point?  DC doesn't mismanage our funds?
my point is neither should be in charge.
Okay so you mean, privatize insurance? I'm trying to fully understand this issue. Thx
Iwant mostly cash only freemarket 4 most procedures so prices drop.Then private insurance available 4catosrophic competing cross stateslines
I bet our healthcare would become amazing, because of the competition to produce the best results and service.....
Hypocrite Dictator Trump you're the master of deception. You'll go down in history as one of the most divisive, & only dictator to sit in WH
If Congress refuses to repal, please put them all on Obamacare, end their special exemption. The people will all approve. They are not Kings
Trump #WhineyLittleBitch
Have you read the bill yet, ass? Which version of healthcare is it this week? You are such a failure
Americans are simply laughing at you #DotardDonald
If the Dems praise you then you know you are screwing up bad!
He had a moment BEREFT of courage.
Throwing McCain under the bus. You are disgraceful
Cant get it done molester and chief.  Grab the #@$%!!!
We agree. McCain has deceived his voters. He is a RINO, but a liberal Democrat at heart...
As usual, you are so lost in your insanity you don't see this clearly.  McCain is a true American.  You @realDonaldTrump the #dotard are not
John McCain is courageous and a hero. DJT, you are a coward and not even worthy of walking in his shadow.
He must not care about type 1 diabetics. Especially emoyeed ones!
#DumbasaTrump

#Gotobedoldman
NO, as a Dem trust me - we laugh at you Dotard.  You are the butt of all our jokes, we think you have tiny hands,, brain, thoughts and yes.
Shut up
you need to stop hating Obama so much.  It is getting in the way of how much you can care about us..
Pun intended. Brain fart is what he had. Seems to be having a lot of them lately.
I think that senator McCain has reached his Peter Principle threshold.
Couldn't be more wrong. Democrats are gratefully acknowledging @senjohnmccain's genuine courage for doing the right thing #ProtectOurCare
Courage?   Laughable...bitter old man
Repeal and replace
Shut up
Being elected by less than 50 percent of Americans does equate to a mandate. Wake up
and let us all tell the world of  ur I'm ability to be a MAN of integrity! U NUT
Failing President Donald Trump is a loser!
you are obsessed w ith ego, McCain knows it is a terrible bill.  The difference is he cares.
#WhatAboutPuertoRico?
The increase is because Trump pulled back subsidies.
Right On.  McCain is a true RINO. Cares about himself HEALTH care. SCREW Arizonians "I am reelected & safe for SIX YEARS". McCain= Manup!
You didn't complain when Dems approved your inflated military budget, strange they didn't complain either.
You lying sob-NO DEMS ARE DISRESPECTING MCCAIN-are you capable of the truth?No-you're ALL FAKE NEWS-lies-McCain is respected highly byDems
You have deceived millions of people all over AMERICA. Until you show Americans your tax returns with donations itemized you are a liar.
Russian traitor. Get out of our White House. You're not fooling us! #NotMyPresident
You are a hypocrite!!!
Wrong facts.
The people of Arizon were deceived?  Who is paying for the wall again? Don't get us started on all your lies.
No Democrates laughing here.  John McCain is a hero and votes against stupid GOP bills that harm people. He is an honorable Repub.
Hurray for John McCain!
Give it up Beau, Bea.  Nobody is listening.
He had a very selfish moment.
Very proud of the way he voted!
Almost as many who were deceived by you @realDonaldTrump
Dotard Don, LIER! McCain is standing for something better,  regular order & bipartisanship, Country over party the way it should always be.
DEMOCRATS ARE NOT LAUGHING AT McCAIN FOR BEING A HERO. AMERICANS ARE FURIOUS THAT YOU ARE A NAZI, except the white supremacists you lead.
They said the same when he told north Viet Nam how too shoot down American piolits
McCain is a good guy. He put the people befor party.
Focus! People are suffering in #PuertoRico ! #PuertoRicoRelief is part of your job! Focus on your own job!
#MuellerhurryupandgetridoftheidiotthatPutinhelpedwinthePresidency
Worst VA Hospital in the US, Phoenix, under McCains watch!
Horrible.
No one is laughing at him. He's a hero. YOU, on the other hand, are a joke.
McCain needs to go along with Rino Ryan!
he gets it Because he realizes the grace bestowed on him. If u had been born into a middle class fam u would be in prison.
#ILoveMyPresident
McCain ! Sad I hope you hold back payment for his and the other healthcare plans just  like he is for the American citizens
Trump is a disgrace
@JohnMcCain moment of courage? As prisoner of North Vietnam, he gave them the flight routes of our aircraft which cost many lives. #Traitor
BLOTUS BLOTUS BLOTUS
Laugh & then turn around to 100% increase, says it all.
McCain wouldn't know courage if it bit him on the ass. He doesn't just have cancer he IS cancer. Cancer on Americans.
#FAKENEWS #FAKENUMBERS #FAKEPRESIDENT
You continually deceive our entire nation every day! McCain is indeed a hero in many ways. You are our downfall. Tick tock
Well said.
Or the American people who have been deceived into thinking you'd be a good president.
My Arizona Brothers have been insulted long enough by McCain... it's time for him to be deleted.
A Gay foreign Marxist with a forged passport and transgendered wife handily beat McCain for president. think about that for a moment.

FAIL
I live in Arizona thank you John McCain

Stop crying because you were asked to back the loser party and because the winning party wouldn't have you!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10208139270239443&id=1831459356 …
McCain has more balls than you he went to hell & back in Vietnam you got a medical deferment with daddy's connections you're a coward
What ever happened to your healthcare "plan" that was on your website during the campaign?  Who knew healthcare could be so complicated?
SHAME ON YOU, DRAFT DODGING, SELF IMPOSED RASCIST. YOU TOOK AN OATH,  SWORE 2 PROTECT ALL CITIZENS. FAIL, EPIC FAIL
TERM LIMITS, please!!!
HE SPEAKS FOR ME ......BAM !
@SenJohnMcCain has devastating illness & more than likely is feeling he wants 2 do his very best in the days he has left. Full respect 2 him
I've already sent @SenJohnMcCain my thanks. I guess I'm one step ahead of you.
if we have to have a republician president it should be McCain NOT Trump.
Democrats like me never laugh at McCain. He votes for the people--not just his state, but all of us. He cares about us all, and he is loved.
Tell the people that he is not who keeping Medicaid and care
McCain is a TRAVISTY, a WASHED UP HAS BEEN, MENTALLY DEERANGED, & DOUBLE TALKER. HE SHOULD BE TAKEN FROM HIS POST as a Senator. TERM LIMITS!
You are President.  Why don't you try working with all parties and all Americans instead of blaming others for YOUR failures.
POWs are usually pretty courageous...oh wait, he's not a hero because he got caught lol #NotMyPresident #fucktrump
Speechless !!! You just want stop.
Can someone take his phone away!!!
What's your Vietnam story Donald?
In Prescott Ariz. Voted for McCain to implement HOP agenda, especially Repeal!! So betrayed!!
McCain is now firmly established as a self serving swamp dweller who will be "flushed" down the drain very soon
Not quick enough I fear ...
McCain is a has been. Hero rating at point...ZERO!
Mr McCain is more of an American man than you will ever be you traitor.
That's why he's better known as Insane McCain by those who adhere to reality! - Which isn't many. ;) Oh also affiliated with terrorists!
Stop tweeting... better yet stop opening your mouth!!! You are stating war playing "I got a bigger one)
Yet, you keep insulting a veteran. Why are you and your fans so stupid?
Well said, Mr Brannigan. Ass ahoy!
Make sure to take a knee when John McCain's flag covered coffin passes!
I don't always agree with him. I didn't vote for him, but I respect him. @SenJohnMcCain is a respectable American. You are not, Orange Blob.
Mr. Trump the Russians elected you not us Americans
I'm in Arizona and the only repeal we need is the mandatory part for us and that all politicians have to be on the plan. Before any repeal.
I live in Arizona and I am so very proud of Senator McCain! And I’m an Independent who didn’t vote for you!
Mr PRESIDENT: Senator John McCain loathes you! That is why he voted against replacing Obamacare. There's no other logical reason. #Trump2020
Tool... Plain and simple you're just a tool. Ignorant & full of misinformation to mislead the public.
McCain is a war hero nad I hero he is putting people first not a repeal so you can sign if you know how!
**Mueller**. Enjoy Donnie.
Thanks to sabotage by your administration. What? Thought we didn't notice? Your mantra? "If it ain't broke, break it."
Get together with the Dems & come up with a healthcare plan that will benefit the American people. U have not done that. @donlemon @MMFlint
John McCain is an American you could only hope to be like...
To quote the a ufc fighter where I come from people like that get slapped


