Fire everyone to get rid of the CIA they stole our money.
If "HATERS" enable ISIS, lets treat them like we would ISIS!
Did you share that plan you came up with to defeat ISIS in 30 days?  Or was that a plan in 30 days?  Either way you failed
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7T...
It's very  amazing to know that u never help our  brothers in afrika  thank u!!!!!!
The disgusting American president
Oh I need to go to talk about your immigration policies that's terrorism
Iranian people love* you (not true) all of the countries* around the world! We don't want war* ... #مطالعه
Attack don't let up got your back
we need u in our country. U have a backbone our government dont
Keep up the good work!
Mr president maxing waters got a colonoscopy. They found her head.
Big! Important!  ... feels good to say that huh..?
we wholeheartedly agree! Keep going, don't let them bring you down .
-Europe takes USA money and then ridicules the USA. Go ahead, bite the hand that feeds you
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
lo primero en la lista
Thank you president Trump for all you do.
滚犊子
HANG IN THERE PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!!!
You are right ....
Hail mother Russia
U sold billions of dollars worth of arms to the very people that attacked us on 9-11, & Bush let leave the country, when no one else could!
How true!
Lots being discussed but were you listening? Where headphones and at least pretend.
Pence is already whiteouting vice on his cards. Lol they now say President Pence. lol
I guess you messed that up also. We are losing allies that took years to bulid. do us a favor and resign or be impeach. if not well you know
You're the biggest threat to international peace you're the master of lies and deception
In order to stop terrorism, first stop proliferation for mass destruction weapons, then help impoverished people under oppressed government.
did u ask the Saudi Arabian king why 15 out of 19 terrorists of september 11 were Saudis?
Thank you Faris!
did they make you leave the room during that discussion?
What about domestic terrorism?
As it should be!!
Climate change is killing more people, driving more refugees into harms way. Wake up Donald. We are waiting for you to wake up
OK!OK!
Their behavior at the meeting was not worthy of a president. You had to be ashamed of. The whole world is shaken
Well then, if you're discussing terrorism, the U.S. can expect you at the top of the list right next to ISIS!!!
You then?
In Venezuela terrorism has a nest, they are financed by the dictatorship of Maduro, that you know, we expect it to act
Concordo com o tema de suma importância para o mundo. O país que for contra, estará confessado sua ligação com o terrorismo.
You are going to leave the white house in disgrace
Part of dealing with terrorism is to address the porous southern border where drugs, bad guys, and WMDs can walk right across in many areas!
You're the biggest terrorist of all. We loath your agenda.
I hope that you also addressed home grown Caucasian Christian terrorist as well. There was one in Oregon recently.
#G7 #Summit this is an extremely historical event that dates back well over 100 years. If you've not heard then definitely ref a wiki search
there's a reason you're so scared of Muslims you've done something to them before and you're scared of them now, COWARD!!!
Shove, shove, shove. MAGA. Shove, push, MAGA.
Please don't give in to G7. Don't give control of the  to them. Avg temps have only risen 0.85 deg C since 1880. This is about $ not the .
And shoving Montenegro out of a photo opp...U are Deplorable...Jeesh...Such an embarrassing human specimen...Oops I forgot..U a carrot!!!

Mr President stay strong we have your back
Maybe you can be respectable to the President


didn't you say you could defeat Isis in 30 days?
Merkel - Europe's relationship with  U.S. shifted significantly following meetings w/Pres Trump - produced disappointing results. #POTUSfail
19 trillion dollars in debt our country  we are counting on you President Trump . Give us our jobs . Praying for you.
You're such a big boy!
How much fun is it to travel to places that either fear you or hate you. Now you are home where you are really hated universally
First of your List should be to learn manners. You was akting like a dump schoolboy, not like a politition, and Not like the President of US
How do you know what was discussed? You barely speak English and you refused translation... ignorance+arrogance is a dangerous combo. #sad
Thank you for undoing everything that our leaders have done over the decades
nobodt wants to speak with you anymore   europe is scared of you
hi..
Yep. And u failed miserably. As usual.
yet you sell Saudis 100billion in arms? Why? Who is controlling you? M.I.C.? Or just that naive?
Please destroy terrorism and ...islam
Islam is a disease as it is taught, like most religions, thousands fighting all in the name of GOD the root of all evil Money,the likes of U
Too bad you have nothing worth adding to the conversation...dumbie.
1st on your list should be collusion
Are you sure they didn't cover that while you were sleeping?
And you spent those important meetings looking at your phone, didn't you?
Or giving the finger like a middle schooler, but not as sneakily.
Gee, important matters, really?  We wouldn't have known if you hadn't enlightened us!
#WhatAboutRussia
Made a full of yourself.
Like shoving to be upfront
Can you actually spell it or did you have halo??
Help
The rest of the discussion occurred after you left for your Nappy.
Next is destroying our alliance with Europe. Make Russia great again. Thanks for selling us out

With ur short attention span could u even follow? Had to break up NATO meeting into smaller chunks due to your lack of stamina/attention
You are the most stupid and ignorant man in the world
Next time, try actually listening.
Younger poor group of Jihad sponsored by Islamic Scholars who want Judaeo-Christian eradicated.by 'Sword'; These men die themselves in use
Great Job abroad Mr. President thank you for putting America back where she belongs. God Bless You Sir and your Entire Family.
Refused to honour article 5 NATO aid member country under attack, failed Paris accord on environment. These are 2 basic tenets in US/EU rels
Something you know nothing about as you haven't read a book ....maybe ever. Plz resign Sir.
#NoEvidenceForSpending$OnClimate
How do you fight a war on an (terror) emotion? Is this so that you can choose your enemies by labeling them a "terrorist"? War is terrorism!
WELL U MADE THE BIG ARMS DEAL!!
You blew it, turkey
GET OUT OF PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD!
Make nice with G7 and less with Saudis who sponsor terrorists
What about Germany?  Merkel is no friend to you and still meets with Obama like he's someone.
What did the Italians have to say?
Shut up
If it was so important why weren't you using your ear piece for interpretation. Bored, sleepy?
Did you tell them you promised to destroy ISIS in 1 month? Did they laugh in your face?
The greatest threat to this country as far as terrorist are the white supremacy  groups  in this country.  Deal with your base

Did you talk to the Saudi's about terrorism? Your so lame!
NATO laughs as they wonder how Buffoon Trump is going to control his terrorist followers..
That and Global warming denial you Ostrich.
Your kidding right ??!! Anything coming from your mouth and the white house and your staff is fake news, and your liars and Traitor's !!!
So did you discuss the Saudis involvement and that you are sending them even more weapons!?
How about these brave heros? Haven't heard a peep out of you. #Portlandheroes #PortlandStabbing
So embarrassed that at least by your fake election you represent America on the world stage. Where are your taxes?
Thanks for being strong to take attacks from left! Keep on with things sent to do. No climate accords! Fire leakers. We support you. Thanks

The real leakers behind hurting DJ. Trump are Obomba team & Obama & Hillary Clinton & Foundation Group's Fake Leaks Lock them all up 2018 
Everything idiottrump tweeted 5/28-5/29 was a damn LIE! All provable LIES!
America watched G7 our Allies ignored you! They were rightly so disgusted by you. Americans demand your resignation or impeachment
Maybe first on the list should have been a how too for the translation headphones.
Well, it should be about terrorism and borders, but their gonna wanna talk about the weather... again!  Useless, incompetent, posers!
Got to get rid of terrorists because they are in the way of your middle east plan
I am blocking you

Ty Trump for the real truth so hyped better than CNN Media said same thing over & over 24/7 but nothing there there always pissed?confused? 
Amen to that
Get any good shoves in on other prime minister's?   You're rather embarrassing to America.
