1st: left the first lady & his back towards her. 2nd. he yanked the other first lady's arm...does no one coach this man on proper decorum?
Then he goes on about how great Mme Macron looks... physically... ugh...
oh my god, even my own man won't comment on someone's woman like that and we are not leaders of the free world lol.
Your man knows that you are not secure enough in your self!  Men should be able to complement a beautiful women!
Huh, my man knows I am not secure enough in myself? Where did you get that? Read my tweet again please & this time breathe b4 attacking
Trump is THE WORST president in history. We apologize to Mrs. Macron for his rude & inappropriate behavior.
This Paris trip has cemented my opinion that he's suffering from a mental illness or he's out of his nut on cocaine
both
For some reason in my notifications its not showing that you replied. Is that a twitter issue or just my profile playing up?
Not sure.
Donald can’t stop incriminating himself. So, he DID know about the meeting between Jr and Russia. 
Amazing  
Donald: “Maybe it was mentioned at some point"
Lies so much he has no clue what truth means. How did this idiot get in the Oval Office? It sure wasn't the popular vote that put him there.
Dear @EmmanuelMacron & Mrs Macron : please accept our apologies for the abhorrent behavior of @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #MoneyCantBuyManners
The woman is 64 and had surgery and works out She worked for that compliment He owned Miss USA Should be flattered
NO, it's not an appropriate compliment. Women are more than their looks. Also,it was a formal occasion - Trump just doesn't know how to act.
Plus, DJT jurked her arm like he was going to drag her across the parking lot
She was fine
He's the dominating alpha type.
If he has to jerk people around (physically OR metaphorically), he's doing it wrong.
=> Did you like the sexist comment I made to your wife?  It shows how much I respect family members of world leaders & women, in general.
Stop trying to grope his wife.
Voilà c'était super quoi mdr
Don plz stop trying to be a Don Juan & saying stupid crap to the French First Lady !! And try to stay with the group & not wander off .
Great job mr. Trump I'm glad you had a wonderful time and stay safe we appreciate everything you continue to do
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO YANK OUT MS. MACRON'S ARM???
He was trying to pull her in so he could grab her pussy 
You are the biggest bestest invalid @realDonaldTrump!
He's gracious. Unlike you.
Hopefully he can convince you that climate change is real
Meanwhile this guy is being invited to invade a bit more Eastern European territory.
Of all the places in France, funny that Macron chose "Les Invalides" for your welcome  ceremony
Invalide =  qui n'est pas valable, impotent.
Cochon 
Obviously I'm not referring to you president macron
OUR PRESIDENT IS A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! SERIOUSLY WHY WOULD YOU LIE WHEN WE CAN ALL PULL UP THE FACTS SHOWING YOU REGISTERED TO RUN IN 1996!
Since our Independence, France and America have found common ground and we expect that it will continue.  Great ally

Maybe you should stay?
President @EmmanuelMacron, Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! ...
Who's not letting you vote, oh you must be in Venezuela

Again who stopping anybody from voting. Is it the ID thing? You need an ID to drive bank drink, why not vote so everybody is counted fairly
So if the elections are state run and not federal, how is Trump to blame and also how does 1 person rig a national election across 50 states
Bias reporting is no answer, try again
FYI, it’s the office of the President that’s getting the respect from your French hosts, not the President. Not this President, at least.
Who cares. As long as business is done that's all that matters.
I’m sure ‘business’ was done, but you shouldn’t worry yourself with that.   :)
Now don't be rude sonny.
Sonny... I mean Ryan,  wasn't being rude. You are displaying #WhiteSupremacyNationalism. No wonder you support Trump
You don't deserve it, Trump. These countries are rolling out their best for you and you just aren't worth it.
A mental midget and a nude model. Such class!
Don't you ever get embarrassed being asked about you and your family's crimes
"Trump, you're in such bad shape...both physically and mentally. Disgusting."
https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/n3i5cE 
OMG You are so creepy! Poor Brigitte Macron... So embarrassing.
Prayers to our French hosts may they learn prosperity from our AWESOME Leader President Donald J. Trump!

Please learn how to shake hands appropriately! What the hell is wrong with you man?
Have you lost your little hate-filled mind, Debbie Lockett?  Or do you just sit up nights trying to find something to get mean about? Sad.
You are nothing but a coward and a bully!  You almost pulled her arm off shaking her like that and pulling her towards you. 
#CowardlyTrump

That is one way Macron can raise his status with the French.  Stand next to Trump suggesting that you could have gotten this.
#25thAmmendmentNow #UnfitForOffice #TrumpColluded #RussiaGate
Nice handshake Trump! You won that one! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The only thing good you have to say is - good job on not trying to yank Macron again but then get owned by him instead? Awesome. 
I see you are a student. Better be careful, all of that education may wake up your mind.
3 Years, 6 Months, 6 Days, 22 Hours, 14 Minutes, and 10 Seconds
7 years, not 3.
Says you
Did you see him holding back his laughter when you tried rationalizing your son's TREASON???

Jail is Waiting!
When you return home get ready for some fireworks....
And by Fireworks, I mean the BAD kind.

Prison is awaiting you & most of your family....
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL HOLD YOUR BREATH
كل الحب
Bonjour Dnvy
I was happy to learn that France is the oldest ally of the US. I would have guessed Britain, so thanks for that piece of knowledge!
France was our ally when we fought the English for independence.
How was that handshake, lol?
دی گوزوک
I can't wait for this welcoming ceremony 
I get to pick cell mate.

GOD BLESS You Mr.President & Melania also your children!!!
Thank you for recognizing Brigitte's beauty, Mr President. Remember kids- always compliment a lady. #TrumpinParis
No, kids, no. Do not treat women as objects.
Could you button your jacket & your mouth? You do know France petitioned to have Obama as their President, right? You're approval is 14%.
Since when does your approval matter in a different country? I mean I bet the polish didn't like Hitler...

İf total repeal passes stock market will crash
Could you both swap wives for Chrisakes!
Andrew Wilkow show today stated that the Russian Lawyer is in the circle of the Clinton's, she works for the bank who paid Bill Clinton 500,
500.000 for his speech..look into it pls
I d
We cannot forget the French of today are not the French of Centuries gone bye.
If total repeal passes stock market will crash
Did you bring him back the Statue of Liberty? You evidently don't need it anymore.

With our PM also...
Don't you feel ashamed of yourself? What kind of person are you anyway?
I am opposed to Trump, like roughly 60% of US citizens.
الله حيك عمي ترامب
Creepy!!!
Les Invalides... are you talking about yourself?
Don;t get mad, get Vlad!
How beautiful #FranceCulture
Again, playing to your massive ego. You are so easy
"Sweet frame on Macron's biach, am I right?" - DJT 
"Good shape"...???  REALLY?!  You're that clueless?  I knew you were stupid, but, damn.
So sorry about the weird awkward handshake with your wife!! DT is our biggest fool - thank for working with him!
Where's your wife in the background again, your manners are appalling!
Calling out Brigitte Macron's fitness and beauty. Americans went from having one dirty old man at Thanksgiving, to having a dirty old @POTUS
Which you ruined with your inappropriate behaviors. No shame. Unprepared, unqualified and not worthy of your position. You're a civilian btw
this is how a president should be tweeting!! not that garbage we usually see.
My god, your wife dispises you so much. She goes to so many lengths to not touch you.

. Felicidades!!!! President Trump
The beast gets covered on every presidential travel. One question "what does it look like inside the beast?"
I can't believe that France would even entertain having a buffoon like you in their midst. You make us all ashamed. RESIGN!
What no protesters?
Our President Trump is doing a great job
Doesn't look at his wife.....once
Proud of this president as opposed to the skinny twit who had "his team" working on everything as he made his way to the nearest links.
Hitting on the wife of the French President is not acceptable under any circumstances! Embarrassing.
Why isn't Melania holding your hand ?
What and get her arm ripped off as well?
Republican = Russian. A new Cold War has begun pick sides now
Outstanding !
Young boy married to old woman who's trying to look like a teenager. And an older man married to a younger, smart, lovely woman.
Трахни тебя, оранжевый тролль
Is this where you made those rude remarks to President Macrons wife? You're disgusting!!?
You aren't in such goog shape. Eat less and... change your hairstyle.
Thx for not grabbing mrs macron by the pussy, but why the comment about her great figure?!  Can't you just leave it alone mr #45??
Its called, PAYING A COMPLIMENT, FOOL
By beautiful welcome do you mean that shapely blonde who finds you disgusting.
Disrespectful. gangster
Good for you! Shoe liberals who is in charge

Once a pervert always a pervert. The sexual predator and con.
Your just creepy
Did Jimmy enjoy himself?

Some light reading for your next flight.  Try not to keep embarrassing yourself. #mysogyny 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-mysteries-love/201502/12-ways-spot-misogynist%3Famp …
Did you grab her by the pussy?
She tries to shake hands and he goes right for the kiss. He's such a slob.
Trump Wants to Know Why Loretta Lynch Helped the "Russian Lawyer" Get into the U.S. http://truthfeed.com/trump-wants-to-know-why-loretta-lynch-helped-the-russian-lawyer-get-into-the-u-s/91169/ … via @truthfeednews
And all you can do @POTUS is comment on Macron's wife's state of fitness. Sad!
Melanie should divorce him.  What a jerk.
i do not like this macron. he thinks hes a god. he is crazy man
Seriously thought you were going to grope his wife

hhdhddhdjjd
You seriously need to learn some etiquette.  Just shows money can't buy you manners.
you're in such good shape.
Beautiful welcome. Beautiful body. So physically fit... so gross!!!!
He was probably hoping it would be a quick in and out, you know just like your wife @FLOTUS hopes to.
He should be treated 10x better in his country. HE IS MY PRESIDENT. HE IS OUR PRESIDENT AND JUST LOOK AT HOW FINE HE REPRESENTS US/U.S.
Respect is earned. He has not earned it.
Oh hello, when did you get off the crucifjx?
That was an awfully long handshake. Did Macron whisper, "Its over when *I* say it's over, Donnie?"
You are small, weak & #UnfitToServe!
And Brigitte Trogneux must have been thrilled to receive lecherous compliments from a fat, orange, misogynist. Making USA embarrassed again!
Wow #badlynamedhotels
Wow.  Great music as the leaders walked!  Very cool.

So you thank him by disrespecting him when you treated his wife, the First LADY of France, like one of your beauty contestants? DISGRACEFUL!
You forgot to add......."None of which I deserve considering all the rude, crude and downright shitty stuff I've said about France"
Yeah, you really showed your appreciation when you publicly objectified your counterpart's wife. Stay classy.
Melania's suit is fabulous red!
You do realize that your wife can not stand to be around you.
Can't you keep from making a fool of yourself just one day? Leave women alone. She did not need you to comment on great shape she is in
SAD
#TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCorrupt #TrumpGuiltyOfTreason #TrumpGoldMedalStupid #Kushner5YearsPrison #DonJrFredo #TrumpJrColluded #TrumpScum
...where you groped and insulted his wife.
And for letting me hit on your wife #disgrace
Welcome keep Peace for world will make big win-win cooperation,Peace in lucky make all country great again.
Respect to you both always welcome in my home.
Hey POTUS and FLOTUS did you ever imagine you'd be attending all these wonderful ceremonies and meeting all these wonderful leaders? Enjoy!
Did you apologize to his wife for your sexiest statements?
I wonder if he'll come back, seeing how creepy you got with his wife
Nice Powerful Music
Heading to Trump Tower today. (I'll save the reverse side for Facebook LIVE.)
Congrats on being able to walk that far.
Was it really a "welcome ceremony"? I hear that the "anarchists" were also there. By the way, in the free world, we call them protesters.
Do you go out of your way to make women uncomfortable? STOP with all the comments on women's appearance
You are such an embarrassment
Making all foreign dignitaries uncomfortable as possible with you idiotic handshake and inappropriate statements about women. Embarrassing
(ಥ_ಥ)
They can't stand you, ignorant.
Hitting on Macrons wife in front of your bought and paid for one ... a new low. Disgusting and pathetic
Dude, what's with the jerking around of madam macron ?  You are a freak
I was scared you were gonna grab her by the pussy. #PHEW!
She is the same age as http://potus.LOL 
Damn I was waiting for u to get trolled by another politician again 

Kunjungan kenegaraan yg hangat penuh keakraban.

And thank you that it is you instead of Hillary Clinton.
After you manhandled the first lady of France.
Too bad you acted like a chauvinist in what was a very royal welcome.  Another national embarrassment.
Did your friend - Jim enjoy himself Mr Trump?
You other countries should stop shaking hands with Chump!
"You know, you're in such great shape, beautiful" You really are a creepy old man aren't you? #BridgettMacron
