YES..WE HEARD HE INVITED YOU TO KEEP HIS ENEMIES CLOSER!! YOU HAVE STAGGERING UNPOPULARITY IN FRANCE!
HOPE YOU DIDN'T EMBARRASS US AGAIN! HEARD MACRON WAS STIFLING A LAUGH WHILE YOU SPOKE!!
DID YOU BLAB ANY CLASSIFIED INFO TO THEM?
Bet he and his wife are thrilled you're gone!!
And then destroyed it in one minute by the grossly inappropriate comment on a woman's body. READ THE ROOM. 

BTW - Macron PLAYED you.
That was a great comment you made to President Macron's wife dimwit.
You should have stayed there and screwed up their country. You are a sick man. You will be impeached. The world will celebrate.
You were extremely rude to his wife. No respect. Elevator eyes were wholly inappropriate. Proved your classless & crass. Pervert
Did he teach you class?
Make France Safe Again.  #TrumpPence2020 #USA first.
Together Make France Great Again!
continue great conversations on improving relations w/Russia&ending foreign interventions in M.E.&beyond!no more #HillarysWars #DTS
Impeach Trump 2017
Glad things went well; just remember he is the one Obama was trying to help win election. #careful
Did you bring a dictionary to look up the professional words he was saying like allies, integrity! Cheating on the election with an advisery
Dems/Libs will soon realize that supporting our President makes good sense. Why spend the next 8 years whining instead of winning? #MAGA
I hear aluminum foil makes a good hat
Here, I found one for you, put it on, sit down & shut up!  The Adults are talking.
Adults? I couldn't tell by your response. Shut up? Never. I am sitting down however
And yet another foreign leader steals your pants.
#NotMyPresident
So your son got caught in another lie  another Russian person involved in the meeting how long are u going to cover up for him
U WILL HAVE GREATER CONVERSATIONS WITH THE FBI SOON!
Amazing president with amazing programs!
How many times did you talk about the crowd size?
Keep that laser focus Mr. President and MAGA!!
Now straight to prison? #maga
3 Years, 6 Months, 6 Days, 3 Hours, 12 Minutes, and 41 Seconds
Hopefully sooner
You can leave anytime
Cathy if I left who would fight your wars? Not you, not coward trumps who were afraid of serving This wonderful country. Damn russians
When he spoke about Security, I hope Macron mentioned to stop colluding with Putin. That is a big hole in security plan according to IC.
Have you read the latest TIME? Jr was caught Red Handed. Get it?
POTUS thinks it's a complement. Anything with red unless it has to do with a woman.
https://twitter.com/RealRJParker/status/885510209858351107 …
And all the media wants to focus on is a handshake.
Another great job MR.PRESIDENT!!

#likesMixedNuts This person is a PROVEN LIAR -- If you believe this person, you are being foolish - info is nothing more than fairy stories. 

Wanna be more specific?
A good way to protect our country would be to make sure the Russians stop meddling in our elections.
U talk like a 3rd grader with a reading problem. " good, very, great" over & over. Try a 6 letter word once in a while..here's one -- RESIGN
Funny, your son was having a similar conversation recently, only to a Russian audience. You'll never guess how many people were there!
Did Obama let them into the country under extraordinary circumstances or nah?
"Ex-Soviet Counter intel officer" has dual citizenship (US-Russia) and is a registered lobbyist. #TrumpRussia theorists are xenophobes.
Attorney with Kremlin ties was here thanks to Obama Admin; "ex-soviet counter official" has dual citizenship. Why not meet them, xenophobes.
The #TrumpRussia xenophobes and fascists want you to ask for passports B4 meeting people and reject them if the person has duel citizenship.
It's not xenophobia to not want your candidates meeting with foreign agents in secret to attempt to rig an election.
Resign
@lgmaterna Its is nice to see leaders work together for the common good! Can we teach the Democrats that?
And hitting on his wife #creep & BTW Jr. just got caught in yet another lie....nothing about that? #Collusion #ImpeachTrumpNow

Did Macron explain to you that France produces things other than wine , cheese and baguettes? Did you understand?  Have you forgotten yet?
Great fighters. Rember the French underground?  They Wud't run 2 Syria & pretended to be refugees.
Yeah, we're glad his WIFE is in good shape. What a putz
Congratulation Mr. President, this is the right way!
Good job, Mr. President! Now you have to come home to the vultures! We've got your back
President Trump #AmericaFirst #AmericaSafe #AmericaJobs The Action President
You go Mr. President!! We SUPPORT you all the way!!! MAGA
@thedailybeast    Pence hires fixer chief of staff as the president falls apart
Did you make another comment about his wife's appearance?
So men are supposed to degrade women instead of complimenting them? Good to know, libby.
Believe it or not, it's not an either or thing. He could just refrain from commenting on women's bodies.
Is he in good shape? Like his wife?
Fabulous shape, he's beautiful. Trump is so the #CreepyUncle
When you're famous you can do anything
"She's not as hot as my daughter, but still, great shape, the best."
She's too old for him anyway, he'd never go after someone his own age.
Plus, she has her own money, drumpfs never gotten a woman who wasn't digging for a little gold.
Come on Paul that's not true. What about peepee gate?
How silly your presidency*** is when news stations are focusing on your HANDSHAKES? Just shows how frivolous you are seen internationally!
Obviously there is no real news going on in the world,so they are focused on how individuals shake hands.
No, obviously your puppet president is a joke of major proportions around the world
بیشرف پست
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security....
And a lesson on Napolean.
did you remember to tell him that Knock Knock joke ;-)
Whatever @EmmanuelMacron said, he did not mean preventing transgender people from serving @realDonaldTrump

I don't trust people who aren't proponents of the Oxford comma
There should be a cultural rule about this.
How's Ms Macron's shoulder socket? Someone snap it back into place?
That's all you got
Dude his wife isn't into you
Hell, his own wife isn't into him.
Amazing how much is accomplished when foreign leaders respect our President, instead of laughing at him, as they did with BHO.
You must live in an alternative universe. The only people that didn't respect BHO were conservatives. He was well loved everywhere else.
His son is being investigated for fraud & he has threatened to sue me & harass me family for exposing him 
http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/03/jacob-wohl-2/ …
David, his daddy, is his son's lawyer. I've received messages from people who purportedly know him & confirm he's a complete d-bag.

His daddy appears to run his son's entire alleged fraud scheme… like father, like son I suppose!
Why do you think they love Trump? They are all fraud
Trump est un gars effrayant avec la poignée de main plus étrange
With you?
Did you learn something finally? Best to listen tonoeople who know more then you and your cronies dude
Oh I'm sure he knows a lot about the military since he spent so much time working for the rothschilds
And the Paris Accord...?
After you left, they laughed at how awkward and unintelligent you are. You're embarrassing.
Could you be more specific? Oh, nevermind.
You forget to mention the President's wife, whom you publicly ogled.  #25for45 #TrumpIsUnfitToLead
Do NOT sign the Paris Treaty, keep the money here in America! #AmericaFirst Climate change is bullshit
How could you discuss military matters? Trade to you is stealing. Security to you is a police state. What could you have said that matters?
For god's sake man, stop grabbing people's hands and yanking them towards you. I pity Mrs Macron
"You're in such great shape"--in what universe is this an appropriate thing to say to Mrs Macron?
You are an embarrassing to this country,  making deals with the enemy!! Shame on you and by the way you are a joke too!!
Don't forget your inappropriate comments to his wife.
Hopefully he taught you something about being presidential... 
Great job sir.
@EmmanuelMacron Is more of a world leader than you could ever be. His wife must have been laughing at you after you left.
Did you share classified secrets again?
He knows you are illegitimate. #FakePres #RussianShill
Mr President, plz find a way to oust those corrupt Obama judges that're kickin ur beautiful plans in the ass. So happy you're my President.
Did you understand it?
I loved the conversation you had with his wife where you told her what good shape she was in and how beautiful she was. Not objectifying.
You looked like it was a good visit.FLOTUS was just lovely!
Thank you both for all you do!So much coming at you from all sides..you're good!
She would have looked better wearing USA designed and made clothes! Does she even own any?
Look at the cult of outrage flock to your tweets trumpy. It's the funniest thing I've ever seen. Keep it up my man, keep existing.
learn anything?
Don't bum up to the French @realDonaldTrump - they can't stand the Americans and hate English/British..!
Did you both laugh at that time you dodged the draft? Did you mention how you only respect those in the  military who "dont get captured" ??
What about our EARTH?
And weird handshakes. Lots of awkward handshakes. No one gives creepier handshakes.
God is coming Donald
It's embarrassing that he had to come down to 3rd grade level to talk to you. Sad!!
You know his wife called you le cochon, oui?
I doubt very much that the French President respects you!He has to deal with you and you are so delighted by his fake acknowledgement of you
Thanks you Mr President for  visiting France and for your kind words 
@realDonaldTrump
Your business wisdom is an asset to our country. Thank you

elaborate a bit POTUS, what the hell does all that mean?  You say everything is great, that's all bullshit!!!
And how in shape his wife is. Extremely inappropriate in any scenario.
Trump what TOP Security info did u give France what deal did u make 2 stay in Office Remeber all u do Can Be turned back after ur in jail
I feel like you're not saying anything
While you were staring at his wife - right?

WAKEY WAKEY https://vid.me/ohk7C 
Liar
So you left the room?
Did you talk about how you like his wife?  CLASSY
Thank you President Trump for all that you do to #MAGA 
That was a great conversation with his wife too eh?? In front of yours, how classy
tomorrow and going to Airfrance airline officer to walk the ticket & visa thank you for your attention mr president
What is with the very weird and long handshake?

Lets be real, Mr Trump...When you left Paris, Macron and his wife & his staff burst into laughter about your obvious international impotence

did they use large pictures & diagrams?  did they speak slow?  big hand gestures, & repeat words & phrases?? now u know more then others?
Fine...ho capito. But just stop being wierd already. What's up with "you are such in good shape"? Were you trying to grab her too or what?
And you were spotted saying hi to the 1st lady of France
You think everything is great when, in truth, it is not.  Your stories are not plausible and we know it.  The Trumps undermine America
And how great a shape his wife is in...#Classlessbuffoon .
Macron told everyone that you're in great shape...looked beautiful.
Good thing it was your tiny hand he squeezed and not you neck.
I had a nice chat with the postman, so you have a point ?
Until he says something bad about trump like what an embarrassment he truly is 2 the world!
Talk. Talk and more talk. How about something substantive?
#45_Worst_POTUS_Ever
Don't try to barge in the changing rooms. We all know that's your MO.
And don't forget about the 'great conversation' you had about his wife.  Were you able to 'grab her' out of camera range?
#ImpeachTrump
Now back home to deal with Russian collusion. Junior just keeps digging a deeper hole. When will we find out that you knew all along?
As well as the worlds longest handshake. And stop with your bad 80s style sales BS with your awful power play handshake. #makeitstop
Nice parades and such. But back in the USA all attention on Jr. and Jared. And Russia and our Pres.
Need to fire @USAGSessions if he can't take the leader and hold everyone under same laws.  FIRE all Obama holdovers now or they will take u
Down.   I have wrote dozens of letters asking for this. If @USAGSessions  can't get strong enough to have same laws for everyone then FIRED
This is not about who we like it's life or death of America and our elected president
What about @DonaldJTrumpJr  's emails?  Those emails!  That Russian meeting!  You were there!  We know you were!  #TrumpRussia
You should have been able to see his face while you talked...you're an embarrassment to the USA #DumpTrump
And great dinner with some big beautiful cake
Seems U had an even greater conversation with mrs Macron
MR.PRESIDENT BEFORE GOT IN OFFICE DIDN'T U SAY U WOULD INVESTIGATE THA 9/11CASE WHAT HAPPEN I KNOW Y'ALL KNOW HOW I AM BY NOW SO MY NIGGA
You insulted the president and his wife by making lecherous comment about her. You are an embarrassment.
You must have been playing with your fidget spinner and not paying attention again.
You r a chomo
Thank you President Trump for making more terrific deals with our allies! I only trust you with the success of America! America First! MAGA
Trump doing great work overseas!
did you ask him why his health care is better then ours
But...the question for most of us is, did you keep up?
Please tell me you Didn't say you want The Wall to be Transparent so when they throw drugs over it, they don't land on people's heads.
I hope u talked to him about the terrorist problem in their country n their regulations.
Lemme guess - you especially enjoyed the part where you hit on his wife.
