"Mexico does not believe in walls" - Mexican President Peña Nieto
they have one with Guatemala. He is a hypocrite POS.
You lost the popular vote. #NoMandate #FakePresident
That was not the goal, it's like winning gold in golf, no one cares, except you and Donald Trump.
Is this the look of a President?
Yes
China is watching this mexico thing...you need 45% tariff so the Chinese know you arent fooling around when its their turn
All you got to do is focus on imagration last there is plenty of work to do.
Quite the bully pulpit you're running from Twitter, eh, @realDonaldTrump? Sad that you are lacking compassion gene. @TheProgrammer_
Nope, you and he are both knuckleheads. Strong is the ones who don't kowtow but stand for principle.
Isaiah 54:17
no weapon that is fashioned against you shall succeed, and you shall refute every tongue that rises [1/3]
against you in judgment. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord and their vindication from me, declares the [2/3]
wut
Trump serves somebody, but it isn't the Lord.
Agreed. He serves Putin.
Trump is a small and petty man with the vain need to rip to shreds anyone who dares criticize him. He's a spoiled brat.
 @realDonaldTrump
Better to be a spoiled brat than and anti-American critic.
you are not fit to be President
He is
Thank you Mayor.
- To quote you... WRONG!
do you tweet while you poop ?
no, he's weak for listening to the Fraud in Chief.
taxes please we know you are up to no good
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
#corruption Money. Russians. Money. Russians.
No "sanctuary" should be given to criminals. I commit a crime, I am arrested. This should apply to everyone.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
isn't your wife an immigrant and your boss isn't exactly American. #IllegitimatePresidency
when cells in women's bodies mean more to you than real living breathing refugee children, you are NOT a Christian
False premise. Everyone matters, but Americans matter more than non-Americans.
well that's the stupidest fucking thing I've read all day not to mention arrogant
No, just true. Americans matter more to Donald Trump, as they should to the American government.
no tRump matters more to tRump than anything else
Get a profile pic.
So if Mexico won’t voluntarily pay for your racist wall you’ll make them hand over billions for it. You can add extortionist to your résumé.
how is a wall that keeps all races out...racist? Build the wall!!!
If a person who wants a wall built is a racist and hates Mexicans, then it would be a racist wall.
He hates the criminals of Mexico not the Mexicans, ask the Mexicans that left the Tyranny, they hate them too.
...@realDonaldTrump @MiamiHerald SO MUCH WINNING! I'M ALREADY TIRED OF WINNING!...
I love it
too bad he has no backbone
ive never seen anyone who takes more joy in hurting and threatening people...you are a sick little orange phallus!!
SANCTUARIES? Latino illegals prefer U.S. prisons to returning to their beloved homeland hellholes
Proud of this mayor! #winning
@POTUS @MiamiHerald Smart
so are you
wonderful news that our local elected officials will abide by the Laws of the Land!
Seems more like weakness to me. Scared of a hypothetical other that doesn't really exist. Weak!
Amen
@POTUS qué onda perro  que te parece construir un muro desde donde nos robaron mendigo desgraciado traduce si quieres
Strong? They just want fed money. Cowards.
Portland, Oregon should drop it too!
California still showing you the middle finger though 
over 70% of Californians do NOT support sanctuary cities. The liberal politicians will not listen.
The threat of lack of money talks!
Does it amuse you that you have to tweet at a third grade level to communicate with your voters?
Wrong decision and History will be the judge. Division and hate never wins in the chronicles of history.
NYC and LA will never cave to your strong arm tactics.
nor will Chicago!
#Delusional Tell u what, why don't you personally house the illegal immigrants?
immigration from Mexico is at an all-time low, but you don't understand facts.
Facts are its costing taxpayers or the US BILLIONS! Times up!
your bio says you're smart, your comments don't agree
You'll have to work harder to hit a nerve. I'm amazing hater.
Contrary to Trump’s Claims, Immigrants Are Less Likely to Commit Crimes: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/26/us/trump-illegal-immigrants-crime.html …
they're also less likely to pay taxes
"The average tax rate for immigrants in the country illegally is higher than the rate paid by America's top earners" http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-03-01/study-undocumented-immigrants-pay-billions-in-taxes …
touché. There's always 2 sides to every coin. Regardless, mad respect for you & the 'Wire'. "Long live rock n roll " - Dio
DEAR @realDonaldTrump, Now you are BEHAVING like my GRANDMAA. I haven't expected this from U, because I believed in you as a TRUE PRESIDENT
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump You were "Trymped". He is the EXACT same person he has always been.
REALLY..... have you ever seen him directly...??? Now his SMILE is FAKE #fakesmiletrump
San Diego EFFECTIVELY sanctuary, they don't ask about legal status or do anything about it if discovered. KOGO News.
"Give us your tired, your weary, your huddled masses."
boooooooo!
your so bad at being president. You will always be remembered but as a fool, If rather be forgotten personally
is all about the money . but I see poorness in Miami streets .
make insurance companies lower costs to USA people & drug companies should lower costs
more like the look of a fascist ass
Wrong
No. That makes him a pussy. The strong mayors stand up to your bullshit.
Some politicians can do the right thing for Americans and not stay"bought".Very few. Like my stupid State CA!.
history will laugh at you
kiss ass!
@DonaldJTrumpJr @MiamiHerald And NYC mayor is regretting it because you can't win when you are protecting criminals
only the weak hearted give in. Saying 'right decision' shows dictator. The West Coast will stand against this!
so sad! Can't stand up to a bully! Sad. Let me remind you we are a country of immigrants.
I think you meant to write weak. When someone bends to threats that is a weakness! #nycstrong #nycvalues
The things we do for money...
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
How do we follow up and make sure they comply?
stop tweeting! You're the president, this isn't high school
Because he knows he needs federal subsidies when hurricanes from #climatechange decimate Florida!
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
thank you!
devaluation, moral exclusion, propaganda, splitting, B&W thinking, victim vilification #45iknowwhatyouare #yourmaskisbroken
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
Donny, go back to Germany or where ever the hell ur family came from. Ur values r not American #NotMyPOTUS.
What a weak little man!
@frankmassimino @MiamiHerald
it is about time
at least one of the Mayors understood the importance of making America safe again,
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
Sounds like the backlash is about to make both of you look silly. Fight the right battles you big man with #littlehands
Quisling!
Mayor Gimenez is a Loyal Cuban-American.Cuban-Americans are always Loyal to the United States of America! I am Cuban-American.*Pete(age 71)*
i don't care about your taxes.  Its not a requirement. Win,  win,  win matters
men with small hands think alike #mystupidpresident #smallhands
let's be perfectly vague.
@joycebritt finally someone is using common sense
Only the Beg
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
Good morning Sir, ur Excellency Sir
expecting a city to enforce existing laws is not holding for ransom and only the ignorant think otherwise
TNT = TRUST IN TRUMP
That would be TIT
. Thank you President Trump!!
Florida is filled with many racist people I grew up there age12 to 23.
Now Chicago's mayor wants to give advice? He hears only what he wants to hear...Did he miss all your progress last week?
we are proud and supporting of our president Go Trump
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
again with the racism. Ask former Cuban refugees if that was the right decision. @marcorubio
Just as God exist he will deal with you at the right time.?Isaiah 16:4.
Excellent, he should set the example to be followed by all.
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
America!
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
Traitor to his people.
How much were paid?
Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
the rest of the cities will stand by American values and liberty.  The Dictator-in-Chief will not succeed!
coward.  Wrong decision!
When their economy tanks, we will see who is the 'winner.' You have no clue the damage you are doing. Stop it.

Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
I am so very happy with all the things you have done since taking office
WRONG
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
Knuckled under. WEAK!
WRONG! He's just WEAK AND SUCKING UP
"You did exactly what I said like a frightened child. Strong!"
#WEAK #sad of all the cities, this is disappointing.
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
Save your breath – you’ll need it to blow up your date.
small hands complex much
Cowards the both of ya
Another weak man folded to a bully rather than doing what is right. no moral fiber.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
pay your debt before you go because next election Russia won't be there to save you.
it Democratic mayor that has a brain how rare
They were not being strong they were only thinking about the millions of dollars they would lose if they did not do it.
@potus @wikileaks #FreeAssange
Asskisser!
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
the church is a sanctuary so all good faith church must step up!
Extortion usually does force people to cave in #UsurperTrump
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
Learned theres about 3.5 illegal teen dreamers Obama program using tax payers money paying their healthcare!
this is FANTASTIC! I love my state!
SMART MAN.
, these cry babies are just that.
#fuckyou
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
.@realDonaldTrump @MiamiHerald Strong, my foot! He's just afraid of your funding threat. U r better for our enemies' purposes than anyone
: The sanctuary mayors will find out that ignoring immigration laws cost money, a lot of money
Dade mayor, week ass coward, you bullied him, neither of you are strong, just sad little men
