@Alexander_Avg
Indeed... With the Red Cross??
And clowns
You really should look into who leaked that silly “no trade with anybody trading with ” empty threat.
Remember that time you tweeted a Fox article that contained leaked North Korea Intel?  Ahhh, memories.....

Please resign.
YOU MUST SET PEOPLE UP TO FIND THE LEAK.... mention certain things to only a few people ...REPEATEDLY if they suddenly APPEAR IN PUBLIC..its easy to set up LEAKERS... but it has to be done@!
https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/10/30/world/politics-diplomacy-world/hacked-memo-reveals-details-bill-clintons-2009-meeting-north-koreas-kim-jong-il/ …
God, I hope so.  Then at least we will know when to bend over & kiss our asses goodbye.
Yes, they will keep throwing bs trying to make u slip in it---#norelieffor the weary
#impeach #incompetent #liar #unfit #mentallyill #traitor
must be another fatherless antiChrist evil individual that's on their way to the flames for all eternity sad
But you love leaks. Remember, “I love wikileaks” and just this past Friday you pardoned a convicted leaker.
No surprise. Obama minions or Never Trumpers! It’s what they do!
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I ...
the
Good point Mr. President! I want to thank you for all your service Sir. I do appreciate it AND YOU !
I'm a POTUS deplorable. I just saw a post where you did not have your hand over your heart on CNN Background. can you tell me why?
Bannon????
got to get refineries away from coastal areas for national security last one built in Newell WV inland near Pittsburgh Pa
I got nothing to say other than- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Mr. President suggest new modern refineries inland away from coastal areas newest one in Newell WV near Pittsburgh Pa smart
The Very Best President the USA ever Had!!! Hope he stays healthy will be voting for him again and again change term limits
Mr. President Pittsburgh not Paris let's get this Hotrod running again Steel Oil Electric Rivers Roads Trains Airport etc
Surprise, surprise -- you are the leaker!
BUT U don't deny the truth of the leaks..Those leaking r more of a patriot than the prostitutes who pee'd on you.
You are the Commander-In-Chief, Sir! If you can't control your administration, what can you control?
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Our borders from all this so called "diversity' from coming in!
Nums. there shall B1 statute 4U & 4 the stranger who Is with U, a statute forever.U & the stranger shall B alike before GOD
"real story"

- justice dept warned u abt this months ago
- u ignore advice
- u lie & r caught
- nat sec advisor resigned
Also about those "ratings" you care abt so much... ur the fastest pres in US history to gain majority disapproval
& let's not forget ur unconstitutional immigration order which was knocked down not once but twice in court
Scary thing is u'd probably *love* for a mass killing to happen just so ur "right"... even scarier, you'd probably plan it
What a mess... hopefully ur valentines dinner w Putin goes better tonight then ur 1st 4 weeks in office
William LeGate is a troll paid by Soros to attack every Trump tweet w/ multiple incoherent replies. @williamlegate @realDonaldTrump
Trumpbots always have the flag in their profile pics. Never fooling anybody, of course.
That is true.
You will never find a more treasonous group of anti-Christian curs.
thought you liked LEAKS!!!
this is what is known as   #foreshadowing
FIRE COMEY!  It's obvious he's a puppet for Obama!
assign people to determine who the sources are in these journalism stories don't list the source track down the source
no this is just the deflecting story from reality. Do they allow you to read negative tweet responses?
Show us your tax return so we know what you've really been doing with your buddies in Russia. #con #notaleader
@DebAlwaystrump all involved need jail time! Obama did not investigate or prosecute security violations so guilty feel ok!
You encouraged leaks, now blame Obama and intelligence agencies outrageously for everything w/out proof, lie daily. AWFUL
I swear I didn't told them anything... Yet, but maybe soon. XD
FAKE PRESIDENT
you held a situation room IN FRONT OF DINERS and smiled for photo ops!! Are you kidding?! #TrumpImpeachmentParty
Boss, is communism actually legal to propagate against our fine constitution?  Hmm. I think you should get em.
There are so many leaks because you are incompetent and unstable.  Your "team" is trying to warn!
the real story is that ISIS needs to get to you SOON..
I loved your news con. You made the media look like fools once again!!
I'm sure they will, if you continue to chat about  top secret business at your golf club with your buddies hanging out.
Won't have to since you hold briefings in restaurants with easily hackable phones recording everything.
@potus @realDonaldTrump If you continue recklessness with national security in public, everyone with a smart phone will "leak" about N Korea
You say leakers, I say whistleblowers.
When you campaigned you said you vex Wiki leaks.  Make up your little mind.  You confuse us
With the way you work and the type of people you have on staff, the leaks will continue.
Barry's got it out for you, speak softly and carry a big stick
the real crime was Flynn's treason. & You're upset only because he got caught. Are you his partner in crime?
the real story here is why are there so many dumb word vomits coming out of our president? Will this stomach bug ever end?
don't read classified information at your restaurant in plain view of citizens with phones being used as flashlights. Sad!
thank you keep up the good fight thank god your are president!
Good job with the criminal illegals Mr President.  Keep it up
#Purge the liberal appointees in on fell swoop, leaks will stop.
leaks are coming from holdovers from last adms. They have an agenda & it's  not 2 benefit we, the people. Need urs in plce
I prefer to call the leaks patriotism! #resist
@Trummp_2016 Need to stop leaker & posecute! MSM missed the story. IT'S THE LEAKS DUMMY! STOP LEAKS, GET CABINET CONFIRMED!
You know what else leaks? Showers.
talk in a sound proof room . No phone calls

time for  an adult diaper for those leaks
Deal with*** North Korea. with or w/... but not on. Please attend 1st grade Donny boy
Well start by pulling their security clearance and that way if someone knows something they will talk
This is clear all going on is a war between good and evil . You are the light and you shall shine great trump
where does the buck stop? I forget. Get your house in order. Take responsibility.
Go on and clean up
I'm in Sweden right now. Scary place. What's going on?
Guess you have to go out of the White House to discuss them and choose who surrounds you very carefully. Frisk them all
This is how it has always been. No one is singling you out. Stop being paranoid.
Why? Because you're an incompetent boob and everyone with a brain is trying to expose you as such.
you were warned about this months ago. You ignored advice. You lied and were caught. Flynn resigned.
And just how WILL you deal on N. Korea?  And how about the Russian ship off CT coastline, spying on our Navy?
Leaks will likely continue I'm sure, you continue to wave huge red flags.
have you given thought to bugs in the oval office. And I would put Flynn back on the job. The left is awful .
the liberals are so clueless to who is really controlling them.  They are parrots echoing their masters words...
We all see the real story is your shady deals with Russia. U will be caught!
The real story is that you are not fit to be any countries political leader. You are doing a terrible job at being honest.
the bullshit that comes from trumps face is fake shit.
so you'
re planning on a new hotel there?
YOU leaked on N.Korea when you talked to Abe about it in a crowded restaurant.
@PatriotEagle201 Yes they will cause Obama left spies & puppets in UR beaurocracy & appointees especially judicial depts.
maybe because you decided to talk about it in public during a wedding reception?
your impeachment nobody wants to hear your lies anymore take what you got coming and step down or drag the rest with you
Short answer: Yes.  Longer answer: you better believe it.
you're going to get us all killed
JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!! SIR!
Who knows? Are you going to keep having classified conversations about it in public?
I thought once you got into the White House you would have a decent barber!
these "so called leaks" are do to your gross incompetence - get used to it... there will be more @realDonaldTrump
Don't think you understand what the "Deep State" is. It's Millions of bureaucrats that work for the Fed Govt. Their job to enact policy.
Maybe you should talk to your friend Putin about leaks & hacks Maybe you're being double crossed.
no you're the problem you and your corrupt self/team
Grow up!
#Jestertrump leaking about how North Korea is mean to you? Hope not...but when you F-up...again...hope so!
Maybe because you're having impromptu security briefings IN PUBLIC at Mar-a-Lago...
No--YOU'LL probably do THAT! Unsecured convos. Bad IDEA! But, don't worry, they're probably feeding you the LITE version!
Treason!!
Yes unless you clean house of all Obama holdovers. We need to get back to actual reality NOT dems idea of what reality is!
maybe people wouldn't feel the need to blow the whistle if you weren't doing shady shit with Russia
House that house of cards you live in?
... Maybe I'm imagining it but there wouldn't be anything to leak if your administration was on the level #JustSaying
you were an embarrassment at your press conference!
yes, people are leaking information because they don't trust that you can do this job.
HaHa they are coming from YOU.  That's how you get attention.
throw those Leakers in prison when you find them. We got you back Mr. President
Has he ever left???!!! Bc that I know he hasn't left tweeting or gone back to Russia where he belongs with you at his side
AFTER 9 MONTHS OF THIS RUSSIA INVESTIGATION THREE IS STILL NO EVIDENCE. NONE. NOTHING. ZIPPO. NADDA. NOT ONE TID BIT. YET YOU STILL CLAIM IT
That is the real story, Don, not that he was caught and you were warned? Traitor, and should be trated as so!
working in the area. Surround yourself with loyalists.
2nd real story; liberal appointees are yet to be fired. Put a bounty on them, allow whistle blowers to vet them out 4 you.
Unless you can find it on a map, leave it alone. You aren't qualified. Or anything to do with this one. #ImpeachDonaldTrump
The leaks are coming out of your dysfunctional White House from your people. What a joke!
There are so many leaks because even your staff and cabinet want you out.
Of course! The media is acting like they Want U 2 take action against them. Is this a indirect attack on the 1st Amendment?
you hired them
maybe you should be the one checking on that.
you need to clean the swamp, I would say that is were the leaks are coming from
The "real" story here is how DISHONEST and SNEAKY  you really are... #notmypresident
Try a different on each suspect if it hits the press bingo and check for bugs better
The leaks are happening during your watch @realDonaldTrump 
Get your act right. Sad
The REAL story is that you try to coverup your abuse and dishonesty by projecting blame elsewhere.  Classic abuse behavior.
no but its obvious that those elite doesnt want you in power .u fought hard battle but looks like even harder never ending
leaks will occur as long as wrongdoing occurs. ever hear about watergate? awful WP got the POTUS in such trouble!! UNFAIR!!
this is what makes us afraid. Our own people trying to bring the country down.
@POTUS CLEAN THAT WHITE HOUSE,CLEAN IT OUT,IT DIDNT GET SCRUBBED GOOD ENOUGH FROM LAST ADMIN,LEFT OVER HATERS R STILL THERE
I thought you would love to WikiLeaks? grow some balls and protect this country if you don't it's because you're a traitor
Please ...please don't talkabout Leaks, we haven't even gotten to your Russian Pee Pee Scandal yet
#princerezapahlavi_trump_SoS
the most stupid thing is 2 have ur meeting @ ur club where everyone saw what u guys were doing when N.Korea launched missle
Ask your own staff, hun, not us. You hired them, after all.
the answer to your question is because everyone realizes how incompetent you are. You're a conartist.
#trumpforprison2017
its that moronic cast of clowns you have
The leaks will continue until the new Trump presidency turns on this illegal treason. It's that simple.
You are so right - especially for you the leaks are really dangerous, in they tell us the truth about you. #faketrump #faketweets
It's a plot to undermine & not let us know your good work.  But we do know
OMG ur stupidity is STUNNING !!!
For the good of the USA, please resign. You're completely destroying us & have actively committed treason. You're unfit.
Pathetic
I hope so.
the leaks only brought as president.
Nah. Your club members took care of that for you.
The leak potential in conducting classified business in public metres from civilians recording and uploading images is bad.
leaks reveal u're doing a lousy job. Your prblm! 
 Our prblm: You & Co r incompetent & a pain in the #$%&! Pls more leaks!!
They know you're incompetent and are letting the world know. The convos w/Mexico and Australia illustrate your lack of fitness for the job.
part of the real story is why you don't release your tax returns. RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS!
Drain the swamp! Dredge the swamp! Keep fighting. Give'em hell. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
lock Obama and Hillary 
Up
AH, come on don!!! Do you really think the leaks will stop for you to deal with Korea and then start back? NO WAY.
lock them all up and throw away the keys they are traders.
Illegal Leaks? Hey man, what consenting adults do in your hotel bedroom is between you and your prostitutes.
POTUS embraced leaks when they hurt Hilary, but disdains them now that they are hurting him. No values, just self serving.
really? That's the "real" story?
Looks to me like a form of patriotic rebellion; keep the #fascism at the bay. Greater deference 2 #Constitution is in order
Dear Mr. President, I think you should address the people personally instead of using others, I thinks this would help.
Buckle Up Buttercup, it's going to be a bumpy ride!
look close at Kelly Anne Conway do you really need this woman?
the real story is how are you involved with Russia?
You are loved
I'm with you President Trump-I'm praying for you
the real story is reason #impeach is coming
people say how president Trump makes the united States look bad... LOL what u think these crap tweets do?
@chrgdup1973 if the leaks did not come out would you have continued to lie to the American people? The real news is you&Rus
what lie? Why aren't you concerned about leaks? Under any president this is a dangerous sign.
leaks have happened to Bush Obama and many Pres why are you not worried that he has connections with the USSR
because its ALL hearsay. Where is one shred of evidence? Russia only became an issue when Hillary lost
seriously? Even Fox the GOP news is reporting this. I get it Trump tweets you but he is lying
please! I'm a bit more intelligent than a tweet from Trump John. Flynn broke no law, he did break trust.
I don't know if he Broke a Law but the Adams Charter implies he did but the ? Is did Trump make the order?
again, no proof he did. Democrats will launch an investigation & time will tell. There is some very very
