CLINT EASTWOOD on #TRUMP

"He has a FEARLESS Attitude. He is GREAT!"

#LikeABOSS

@realDonaldTrump  @POTUS
Did they get a permit? Because the Nazis had a permit that day.
Thank you so much for your love of this country that's why I love you ignore the haters angry little trolls
Yes he was so proud to serve for his neatness medal.
Look what paper it is. F A K E, just like the Tweeter
Oh it's real sweets. You can find this photo anywhere. Oh he was SO brave in the wilds of Westchester County. I just may cry....
Idiot
Cadet Bone Spurs
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay… https:...
You're wrong about Jeff Sessions.
so why confederate symbols not the symbols of bravery of out troops of Normandy?
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago.
#DDay #Heroes
What a guy
Saved our world !
Exactly right on Charlottesville. There is plenty of blame for both sides. Not everyone there was a Nazi or a supremist.
Some did it w//footspurs!you getting it patriots put USA over footspurs .no coward patriots,a admirers yes!you r NOT admired,POS fake
Glad somebody else got ahold of Trump's Twitter account to post this great message and stop him from embarrassing himself further.
While you were a coward and developed magical bone spurs. Fake Doctor?  Fake praise.
But we don't give a shit about Europe anymore, right? Let Russia have it, right? Cock holster!
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #MyPresident
Pray for Donald Trump. you must be joking






Deuteronomy 28:7
“The Lord will cause your enemies who rise against you to be defeated before your face; they shall [1/2]
come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways. [2/2]
Bot bot beep boop unrelated bible verse
Hope you are ok!
Do you?
Real Christians care about fellow humans, they don't twist Bible verses to fit their political agenda.
AHAAAA!!!!
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 13 Days, 23 Hours, 12 Minutes, and 27 Seconds
Plus 4 more years added
And we remember the cowardice of a President who won’t release his tax returns.
Change your disk
New enemy on these shores. Same solution. America. America is great,again! We serve good and stop evil. If only for a period of time.
These brave souls did not die so that fascist ideologies of hatred & terror masquerading as protected 'religion' can destroy our way of life
It's about time you (or more likely your handlers) remembered what day it is.
Obviously, this tribute was an after thought many hours later. Your first thought this morning was of yourself and half a day later...
You finally think of the troops who fought against a fascist dictator.
Draft dodger
Thanks for the reminder.  Thank God for the men who went against evil
It took you all day to finally get around to this tweet? Did fox news do a story on it and remind you?
Thank you for all you do to keep our troops from a need like this again. Peace through strength saves countless lives.
SAdik Kahn would have told us 'not to be alarmed'
" Overcame Against All Odds" Under no air cover & no cover of darkness, troops still managed to defeat Evil = Determination To Succeed!!!
Wondering when you were going to acknowledge this and get off the kick about yourself
I bet you don't even know how to swim.
I only had to point it out to you TWICE!!!!

A job...a red MAGA hat made in China 
God bless. But your ignorant self didn't think, speak or tweet this.
The reason we and most of Europe are not speaking German!
I am a veteran and this orange turd is a disgrace. An embarrassment.  Unfit to serve, unfit to lead.
And we remember the courage of those who dodgers the draft because of bone spurs.
Athletes at all levels play with heel spurs. Yet donny's dad sold the draft board on them being too painful for his son to serve.
& when did you verify this information? Any details?
Never forget, imaginary bone spurs are the perfect excuse for cowardice!
the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen.. so that they are without excuse (Rom 1:20)

Says the dumbass who grew up privileged with daddy's money and has never understood personal sacrifice or unheralded public service.
Always entertaining to see you verified cucks cry each time trump tweets
Always entertaining to see triggered Trumpanzees fall for more bullshit.
Nice one, Jason!
I love how it's always some random verified account nobody knows about lmao
Exactly!
It's obvious when one of your cronies tweet on ur behalf. What are u doing today, golfing? Did you even know about the Normandy anniversary?
Finally....  Something appropriate after all the crazy rants
Impeach Trump?
Impeach him for what? Liberals not liking him?
Because he's a traitor.
I don't think I saw him give millions of dollars to Iran which is the breeding ground of terrorism! In the dead of night all in cash!
That money was Iran's in 1st place which US seized. Twitler made $100B arms deal w/Saudi Arabia where majority of 9/11 terrorists originated
Wasn't that situation 40 yrs ago?
It was still Iran's money.  Time to open a book.
Use common since first of all that transaction occurred 40 yrs or ago! And giving that money to terrorist is just a really bad idea!
Troll
Leading an event at Normandy or the WW II Memorial would’ve been a nice touch.
So it turns out it is CROOKED @EricTrump who STOLE $500,000 from kids cancer charity 2 @Trump like his Con dad https://www.forbes.com/sites/danalexander/2017/06/06/how-donald-trump-shifted-kids-cancer-charity-money-into-his-business/#7a79e6e46b4a …

Great I am on the phone with them now!! How did they get my number!! OMG.
and British and Polish and Free French troops….*sigh*
and Indian, African, Czech, Belgian, Dutch, Norwegians, Australians, the list was long. Not just Americans
I know. I was making a point to Trump so I started with the few I thought he might have heard of….
He's certainly heard of France :) The very word Macron drives him nuts with rage :)
Doubt if he could find Normandy on a map...
Probably doesn't even know what map is :)
That's good. Might want to think about troops we have in Qatar as well.
3k followers and verified. Fraud account.
Generally, "verfied" means that it's not a "fraud" account because the account has been... Oh whatever!
My mother and father hatched this plan years ago...
Most likely at conception!
They fought against the kind of intolerance and extremism that you have brought to the White House. They would be ashamed of you.
Are you talking about Trump?
Oh, I thought he was talking about Trump, who started tweeting about London attacks to push his domestic political agenda.
At this point trump can do nothing nice without being accused of "furthering his agenda".
We remember THEIR courage & bravery. Does it bother you no one will remember yours because you dodged draft?
Young Man, you have No Clue...just Stop!  Don't you have a life?  Do something other than Bash the POTUS, you'll regret it one day! Shame!
Sorry history will agree that Trump was America's biggest mistake and embarrassment
Carolyn, I'm an old broad who agrees 100% with this 'young man' and cannot respect an sphincter who does not deserve any.
Well, that's your Right. I won't call you names/characterize you as a cartoon figure, however, out of Respect 2 an Old Broad, I forgive you.
I don't need your forgiveness, but out of respect to you, I will forgive your ignorance of truth and reality.
You give her more respect then she gives others Bonnie. Carolyn is a sycophant zombie whom parrots an orange abomination of stupidity.
I agree about her, the last 2/3 of my response was supposed to be sarcastic. 
Draft dodger shut up no credibility
None of whom were chickenhawk draft dodgers like you, @realDonaldTrump
Do your research,the last president 4 Presidents only one served in the Military, and that was George W. Bush,not the idol Obama/Clinton
So Trump is a draft dodger...cool.
Bill Clinton? not a chirp from you yet they are about the same age,is he a draft dodger? answer that for me
As a Japanese citizen, we support the North Korean attack by President Trump
Brave American soldiers freed Europe only 2 watch bearded rapist towel heads take over!! Grow a sacred Europe!
grow a SAC!
after the internet shamed you, you "remembered." dick.
oh lol so u DID remember then?? EVENTUALY! lol!
Donald Trump , you are the Best president we've ever had ! God bless you! Robert Ziatz
thank you america
Fox friends remind you?
#Dumpy, 3 tweets about Middle East trip and reference likely false Qatar story, 1 "fake news" tweet and late in day thank D-day vets. SAD!
Something u will never ever do cause u r a COWARD COWARD45!!!
You were never a troop and have no vets in your family.  only care about dollars.
Daddy Trump, tell us about your battle experiences in Vietnam!
You should shut up more...
And we remember the cowardice of a President who dodged the draft #coward #sad #pathetic #trump #vietnam
This should have been yourFIRST tweet of the day! 
PRAYERS & TEARS FOR THIS DAY I was only 2 at this time,& saw my dad 1 year later for the 1st time.
I hate everything
MR PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP WE WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER D-DAY JUNE 6, 1944 IN OUR MINDS AND HEARTS !
  
i highly doubt u care about what this day
@POTUS You don't know what courage is #draftdodger #LOSER
Where we the tapes?
Not a single one of those heroes had 5 deferments. #CowardDonald. #LoserInChief
Thank you President Donald Trump for all you've done and are doing. We you.
You don't give a crap about the Vet's, you're nothing but a Draft Dodger, you did then as you are doing now, destroy country & Constitution
Im wit you on that bro,i served 70-72,yur right!!.i didnt see him in my foxhole..
I served 71-73 and he wasn't around then ether.
I served 70-73 in Germany-R.V.N.-Germany.his dads $ kept him out.he said he loves war.so where was he?his hair tells it all YELLOW!!
And this is from the pathetic cowardly draft dodger 'potus' ( elected by Russian hacking of our election system). Hypocrisy knows no bound!
Hopefully it will never be forgotten. My fear is one day it might though.
#D-Day #TheLongestDay 
Sometimes I get the feeling that history is ignored. Brave warriors bailed out the world yet too often mocking of EU or G7 speaks volumes!
Do you even know what or why about the beaches of Normandy? Your recent actions demonstrate you don't have a clue. #DDay #ParisAgreement
People working at Ft. Belvoir seemed to have forgotten about D-Day, no mention of it anywhere. But huge LGBTQ displays prominent...
Never your pussy bone spur feet, right. How about we post this first thing in the morning next year. Seems Vets were last thing on your mind
Yes and that set up America as a world power and layed the ground work for NATO- which you are destroying! #article5
Come to Canberra when you have time.
Murder is murder
Your #HealthCare "reform" would kill more Americans than all the Nazi bullets on D-Day. #BuyersRemorse #MedicareForAll
YOU??? Mr deferment...you have no shame. Sadly, that's all you bring to our country
The German soldiers were way better and braver than the arseholes who fought them. You are of German heritage.
remember it by not getting in bed with warlords

There will never be another generation like them. #Heroes #DDay
I bet a lot of them had bone spurs but served none the less!
And you what would you have done?
Any nice words for the thousands that gave their lives at Bolling Green?
Horay for them, good thing they weren't chicken shit like certain draft Dodgers.
Like you give a shit lmao
That's not sincere considering that it's coming from a draft dodger who insults gold star families and cuts Vets funding.  #TheResistance
Shouldn't it be about remembering all allied nations that took part? Americans couldn't have done it alone, neither could the brits
Bet you didn't go into any branch of the services
U saved us amerika, u save england, we OWE u! 
Better help for mental illness, addictions n homelessness #vets
You never were in service Sir President? Why not? Oh yeah fallen arches or some such rot....
@POTUS can't fuck up something like this.
Thank you God for giving those troops the courage to land on those beaches taking the fight to defeating the Nazi oppression that threatened

One of the *few* Presidential things POTUS has said.
Good job, Sir!
My apologies for the delay, real life and all interfered.
Let's see what armed forces did you serve????MIA and you want us to believe that you care about USA
It's a shame these comments Arn't honoring our folks that fought and died against facism instead of arguing amongst eachother, Thank You Dad
Thank you Mr. President for doing an amazing job, you are in my prayers every day.
You are a draft dodger and traitor - you don't get to pretend that you understand courage!
You are going to have to remember because that kind of character no longer resides in the @WhiteHouse. The WH is just a joke now.
And the cowards who avoided service.
Both my grandfather's fought in WW2. I appreciate that. The sacrifice for freedom. Too many naive citizens that don't understand. Entitled.
Along with the rest of the soldiers and civilians who took part we remember them all
 good bless america and breave of veterans
Oh thats rich coming from a draft dodging piece of excrement
I'll bet some of these guys had heel spurs and they still served their country. #moneyfornothing
That's  it 140 characters?
long may they be rembered they bought the priviliges we have.
"Dating is like being in Vietnam. You’re the equivalent of a soldier going over to Vietnam.” 
Save your empty words
Thank god we have #NATO to help prevent another such war.  Oh, wait...
Skip the G20 in socialist #Germany. Poland, the UK and Hungary are our allies!
WTF you got fish face Farage there for? He is nothing in the UK, a figure of fun from a party with no MPs
haha I know the Kingdom pretty well. You must be the nothing because I never heard of your crap.
Oh, I'm crushed.
My grand uncle survived that horrible day! We celebrate him on this that he came home to us each year !
and remember all the poor people around the world suffering us of A's meddling
It is sad when people forget what this very post is about. Put aside your hate for Trump for once and actually give thanks to the troops.
Yes they were certianly braver than you,  they didnt dodge the draft, they battled for their country, and didnt embarrass it, unlike you
This was a remarkable day
Yes big love for Colluding don and his big brain. Much love for ya Colluding don please keep screwing us we love it
good keep it up
You are the punishment of world rights.
Thank you sir
YOUR D DAY IS COMING..................#FAKEAZZPRESIDENT
Sacrifice is great for our liberty!Remember forever!
yes, none of them had 5 deferments..
where were you on this day? Why were you not willing to serve in the military?
holy sh#$ 73 yrs wow. remember d-day
too bad you were not courageous when you got a 5x deferment from serving in Vietnam because you said you had bone spurs, stinking fraud!
While you yourself refused to defend America by taking FIVE deferments and hiding in England. Cowardly POTUS.
值得纪念
From my family to all them thank you!
Except the one's who were captured...right?
I don't think you know anything about #Normandy. Weren't you a draft dodger?
You are an embarrassment, in many ways, to those of us who have served in the military. Your lifelong distain toward us is not forgotten.
My casino boss, Phil Kagan, was one of these guys on the beaches of Normandy and the stories he told were phenomenal. This was 34 years ago.
Thank you for Remembering!
You would know nothing of that drraft dodger
And the importance of NATO.
Yes Nicole has a good brain she's a Republican.. You Liberals are the ones with no  brains!!!
Draft dodger
What a great service they did for the world. Much of our current indoctrinated youth would never even attempt it if they were drafted.
wunderbar protect our ground vehicles and troops. We are not getting them.
you on the hand are a DRAFT DODGER OF VIETNAM WAR
just like you remember TET
Was that Obama's fault, too?
Hhhhh
Thank you Mr. President.
Yesterday we remember the courage and bravery of Comey & our @FBI agents. #Heroes
It is so nice to wake up and finally have a real president.
They made America great first. Now it's your turn! #MAGA
Freedom is not free. We owe them our efforts to make America great again.
Today is YOUR C-Day.  COMEY IS COMING FOR YOU, you Russian !
Thank you. Plus thanks for pulling USA out of Paris agreement.
Lest we forget u faked heel spurs 2 avoid serving yet were able 2 play sport after sport. U make soldiers wanna puke u coward.
Yes I'm sure he and Ted 'shit in my pants for a week to plead insanity' Nugent swapped some real good draft dodging stories at the WH!
