Trump makes America strong again. Don't get even  ;vote Trump in 2020
Resign! You are a racist, Nazi, KKK supporter who is also a traitor to the country. I have you out by Aug. 31st.
Did your puppeteers teach you these big words today!
Keep up the good work!
Did you ask Putin why the Russian mercenaries in Syria, that attacked the US forces, were there?
DEMS SCARED 2018 DEM PARTY DISSAPEARING

We see who you are. Antifa exposed. Not like CNN would ever show it, so here you have it .@POTUS time to label them  #AntifaTerrorists  
an excellent idea. thank you for that POTUS! maybe they can clear the Russian govt. while they are at it
I'm getting the sense that you don't like him.
I think he's a lost little boy, I'm doing my bit to encourage him to run home sooner
I think Herr Drumpf has finally flipped his tottenkopf!
Please don't! Please don't infiltrate our cyber security with any of your corrupt kompromat buddies.
The biggest threat to America's security is YOU! Have you given Putin more of our secrets in return for lower interest on his loans to you?
And you will be giving Putin the password to their server and alerting him ahead of time of course.
Focused on the pings to your server in Trump tower coming from Russian and Cypriot banks.
You should stand down from everything, stop tweeting. Go read something other than tweets.
That's some pretty fancy talk Mr. President.
Watch @Schwarzenegger deliver an unequivocal msg about racism in America. Yours was pathetically weak in comparison.
The Secretary of Defense is examining the possibility of separating United States Cyber Command from the National Security Agency. WTF?
Just so you are aware, we are working to make sure all your customers of Mar a Lago and your failing golf courses pull out. We want you out
Love to stir the pot don't you...anything to keep the focus off of the real issues...typical con man!
..... Nazis?
Seriously, 1)not written by Trump 2)Not gonna distract us from Russian collusion.  None of it will, ur going down!
Did you see how well the stock market is doing thanks for your good work
What are the left offended by today?.
Fuck them all YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE   BOSS #MAGA!
Keep marching through the swamp to get campaign promises implemented and get scrap metal prices up
Russian interference?

Very smart move Sir! We know that you are doing a great job! It's the mainstream media that's the problem. They are enemies of the state.

Yup, those polls worked SO well for the election lol.
Three organizations cancel fundraisers at Trump's Mar-a-Lago

Just resign.
You waited a long time after Bannon handed in resignation papers in early August. 
#LiarInChief
3 Years, 5 Months, 2 Days, 1 Hour, 31 Minutes, and 8 Seconds
Until Trump is inaugurated again
Not in this lifetime
Keep dreaming
y'all say the same thing but face it: impeachment is likely
0% likely. If you think otherwise, you are brainwashed. Seriously wake up...
How is this going to stop you?
Go on @realDonaldTrump do your stuff and let the haters hate. It will ruin them before they ruin you. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
We love and support you PResident Trump.  God speed.  May all these trolls fall fast.
You have no idea what that even is. Admit it.

Check your head in psych ward,commie,draft dodger,get clean,door is closing as you know.

4 million Illegals voted hun
How many ppl that voted had already passed . In my will I'm saying I vote Republican even if dead !!!!!
Keep the U.S. safe Mr. PRESIDENT! WE KNOW YOU HAVE OUR BACK!
This is smart, necessary, well-reasoned (and of course won't be covered by the dishonest media)
UCC is already being used by the United church of Christ which leans pretty hard to the left and counts @POTUS44 as a member. Just saying.
The Resistance?? That's what you and Sessions are digging into isn't it?? 
Fire
Bannon is our voice....He is a patriot
RETWEET if Trump should apologize.
Why or What should he have to apologize for?
Wow, but do you know all the facts before tweeting? So quickly to respond to this and so slow for #Charlottesville
It could be because the facts surrounding Heather's murder was vague- and it took a while for the facts to emerge.

Please, just go away and Make America great again
Yes sir Captain.  WIN WIN WIN....must be getting boring.  Can't wait to see your numbers...Republicans....where are you. This is your Pres?




Now the Liar is praying for forgiveness. She wants to be a preacher to stay out of prison. No words to describe her
The most dangerous terrorist threat to America is the President of the United States.
#DoSomethingGOP
USPS email system-wide reported down as well. Related?
You're going to prison, Donald. We know what you did.
#PIMPOTUS


#PIMPOTUS lured 14 year old girls to the US, coerced them into working illegally, and charged them 5-7 times market value for rent.
Some made as little as $1,265 per year. We have a term for that in America: human trafficking.
Proof??? Hey I can fly too!!
The reporters obtained financial information from the minor models to verify their claims. I'd suggest reading the article.
Let me guess... You have appointed Vladimir Putin to head up the U.S. Cyber Command.
Russian oligarchs embezzling+ dead Russian accountant=magnitsky act. Putin bans adoption to US. fusion GPS releases fake dossier on trump.
I know it's Saturday and one of your days off and you're golfing but you are on my mind.
Why do you bother pretending to be a real president. Time to go,
MUELLERS COMING !!!

Trump's Cyber Command!
Awesome!
The vapid effort to stretch credulity, specifically, the notion that you even knew of these agencies existence stuns the mind.
Start paying attention to what he is doing, considerably more than Obama
It won't stop the investigation into your criminality That train already left the station. You, Sater, Don Jr. Ivan are all going to jail!
You are NEVER our president. You are a child. We are tired of you dishonoring our people, our country, our reputation. Enough is enough.
Trumps own words when he speaks are what is bringing him down, the media has nothing to do with it.
Awe shit. You're going after everyone now.
At 10:30PM? Shouldn't you be looking for cake or something?
https://tinyurl.com/race-war-cia-false-flag …
Just remember that you are giving them permission to charge you for your crimes with Russia
The only catch here is that it is waaay behind now & virtually all the hardware technology is foreign! 
Remember what happened to Iran
U still need to do that to prevent Russians from hacking into email servers in our country!!! U don't get to point B,C,D etc. without pt. A!
He doesn't even know what this means 
Committees are leaving, events are being canceled at ur properties, Republicans are starting 2 speak out against u... Du bist ein Verlierer
More sabotage on behalf of Vlad?
Hahahaha changed the name, Donald. That all, folks. Yup yup
I wonder if that'll work as well as your Infrastructure Council
US Cyber COMmand lol
You are a terrorist. U defend the alt-right and violence. #tRumpterrorist #LockHimUp #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Merge our Military Forces into: `The United States Defense Force of Air, Land, Sea & Cyber, Border:
 The •USDF•.! No more DoD rivalry 4 $$.!
Interesting concept - USDF. And how would the chain of command work? I'm not sure how it would lessen the upgrade needs. Please help. Thanks
Carefully managed consolidation should save billions. Just an idea. Same as BIG BIZZ does that usually works. War is BIG BIZZ ~ we know that
Like I said - interesting concept. If things hadn't been let go for soo long, would be easier now.  Gotta sleep.  G'night.
Under you as potus this will turn into censorship of the majority of the nation that hates you. Have a good night, Nazi. 
Hopefully it'll prevent the next dope from getting elected as a result of hacking.
What about your illegal ties to Russia?
The cyber is very important. How may 400 lb guys in their bedrooms have you "mobilized"?

This will not save you. Nothing will. It's over.
Can you do a presser and explain this sir? @potus @realDonaldTrump
Nazi
Oohhh you directed something - wow.  Do you think it will actually get done?
Did you also build a blanket fort?
good move as NSA can't be trusted

First task - Remove president's access to Twitter.

Wasn't it you that said the Russians did not have any involvement in our elections Putin Puppet?
please RESIGN!! #COWARD45
You're a failure
That cyber is tough.


US has a more threatening concern than Cyber attacks that you've blatantly refused to properly address. Racism is more serious.

Clearly, since Trump got elected the term 'Republican principles' no longer has any meaning. @BarackObama (aka @IamReggieBrown) 
how's the Nazi fascist thing going? Oh, looks like it's going great. East Germany!
Excellent, can't change the topic though. Russia is involved in this, aren't they?
EXCELLENT DECISION    THANK YOU FOR YOUR PROTECTION WITH YOU AT THE HELM.
Would proudly serve this POTUS. Those who spew crap never served a day.
You haven't directed anything. They are all making sure you don't blow anything up. Now don't get all pissy and do it because you can. Baby.
Hope their not spying on Americans like your establishment white house folks like to do!
Win. Win. Win. Maga!
A N G E R Y
The presidency is not a good fit for Trump. It’s a scripted role; he’s an imposter. #Resign
What about Hillary and her posse?
So did you fire Rudolph the red nosed advisor or did he quit? #Bannon
This sounds like gibberish.
is this stuff where you pretend to be a president? what about all the rest of the important matters, like filling staff pos. & dept. heads
Great tweet General Kelly.
Awesome! We need great Cyber security to prevent hacks on everyday americans
and H.A.A.R.P + it's "mission" you need to know the truth about! Please!
You obviously didn't write this.
what will you do now that President Bannon has resigned?
President Ivanka.
LOL. Good one. I should have seen that a mile off.
U don't even know what u wrote. Y don't u join Roy Cohen. I'm shocked menuchen & cohn stood next 2 u & still there must promise big
.... or to make America a laughing stock of the world. At least the Leader of the free world, Angela Merkel, will protect us when NK comes.
Those with nothing to hide will not mine one bit!!
Low-I.Q. Trump: Looking directly into the eclipse can blind you. You're already blind governmentally.
This is a major step in the right direction.
You are addressing key issues, good work. Too bad the likes of CNN, create fictitious stories to undermine your efforts.
بتخليني  مع بنتك ايفانكا 
No idea why I stopped back to TW! Nothing but LIBERAL HATE CONVERSATION! Look at Employment#s and Stock Market! He's making Am Grt Again!
Is this what was talked about with you and Vladdy?
Wow. I was impressed until I realised someone else tweeted this as it has no spelling mistakes and is almost a coherent sentence
big problem with @POTUS is his constant  use of the word 'I' instead of 'We'. obviously not a team player, among his other obvious issues
So how was dinner last night with Bannon and Mercer? I gather he got the blessings of Mercer 2 leave you. You're done now, do you Nazi that?
Why did the email systems fail, I thought the IT guy was an expert?
Go 
President Trump! I support you 100%!!
So Bannon resigned & you RT @hughhewitt?
#FactsMatter
#InfusionMusings
READ about Paul Harvey on there and #MORE
Ohhhh so that is why the State Dept lost all of their email. #Rexxon

Another vacation? What the fuck do you do?
U.S. Cyber Command now Unified Combatant Command - got it
@AONNRecords Sounds like some secret shit sir.
Delete your presidency
This is great news. So what do they plan to do about you?
Nice complete thought there.
God bless you Mr. President! Thank you for all you do! 
...because what we need is more Generals...
Good.
Focus on governing and getting your program thru the difficult congress. No time for side issues let your talented people handle those.
Meanwhile, your budget cuts cybersecurity and your admin continues to deprioritize it presumably to help your buddy Putin. #traitor #impeach
resign now
like you even know what that means, Sparky LOL good try tho!
Sure, why not? Russia has already succeeded in winning the election for you
Good, these things need to be done.
