Let's face it - you haven't read anything. What Fox story prompted this outburst?
Your Patriots know all the wonderful things you've done, but evidently the enemies have been paid well !!!! WE THE PEOPLE THANK GOD EVERYDAY & and EVERYNIGHT YOU ARE OUR PRESIDENT!!!
YES WE DO!  Thank You Jesus. Trump is kind of our modern day Paul!!!
annnnnd here come the trolls on que 
Then stop acting like a petulant child and grow up.
1/ Well let's take a look at possible (non-exhauative), self-inflicted  reasons shall we...?
Dom & dommer, you should run for President.
The trick with puns is to use an existing word in a different context. Just a tip.
Simple. Leftists had far different plans, and you are ruining them.  The 'deep state' intended to fully take over the US and put us under the UN.  You stopped them. And may the Good Lord bless you forever for it!!!
You are!!
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
Ur Lucifer and it will never happen cuz u align with satan, get behind me satan in jesus gonzalez name! Banmaskim
Magazines?  Did I miss something?
Bec u interfered w the NWO soros Rothschild plans . Media is all in
Because you are the "People's President". You love our
nation, her citizens, military, LEO's, first responders, and
the forgotten people. We understand that you want to #MAGA, and we will stand in support of you! God Bless you
sir, and all of your loved ones!! 

Mental illness.  Black Lives Matter. Antifa.  Politician corruption over a decade (Deep State).  Hollywood pedophiles.
God Bless You!
Why? Did he catch a STD and sneeze on you?
The problem is, you are making America worse than ever before, not "great" at all.  Your definition of "great" is vastly different than the majority of Americans, many of whom are barely surviving.
How?
All you want to do is MAGA!? How? By committing treason,denying climate change, racism, hatred,bigotry? Explain how you are the victim here!

I see Alaska, the twin towers being hit by airplane, and I will try to guess the rest
Really? Why? Let me spell it out.
R ussia 
E moluments
S elfish
I gnorant
S upremacist 
T yrant
Still confused? Watch this. It explains, beautifully, exactly what you've been doing for P.utin.
Share it w/ friends
Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
And this? Well this will help you understand why we call your son a T.raitor
TWEET COLLECTION: READ THEM ALL
Donald Trump, Jr: The Russian Businessman

Irrefutable evidence linking Don Jr to Russia for a…
This? This is why we may seem overzealous. R.ussian hackers are dangerously close to destroying this country.
THREAD
Trump's cybersecurity advisors just resigned en masse, citing his 'insufficient attention' to threats http://fortune.com/2017/08/26/trump-cybersecurity-advisors-resign/ …
No it's people like you @AHamiltonSpirit destroying American
Dem n treasonous citizens in shock we have a real leader at the helmIt's been so long we had one? I almost feel sorry for them.Wall cons.
Leave Donald, that would MAGA. You're turning us into a national embarrassment and a safe haven for racists! Leave and don't come back!
Which magazines? I want to subscribe to them.
Then how come everything you do is for the benefit of the rich at the expense of everyone else and Mother Nature? Ass-wipe
People in shockt trump doing what he says.The wall was a major promise byTrump.votes r in,he's president. And he does what he says MAGA
Noooooo
The globalist, including those you are cuddling up with, hate America First!
You want to make America the 1940s again. You represent the worst of America. Your supporters dwindle down to the #AltRight base you love.
Why?   Because you swore an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution, but all you have done is uphold and defend your own purses.
By not taking a salary... that statement really makes sense...
TRUMP If you really wanted to MAGA you would resign and just get it over before they IMPEACH YOU . . .
@realDonaldTramp  oh I figured out how many of my GOP friends who want u as prez.  ZERO.   You are a fake prez.   And that's not fake news
Because it's not false and the only one failing is you.
And knee and back braces not needed trying to just get paid for Medicare fraud ! Start with company called Arriva medical MAGA...
Because Democrats as an Islamic agenda , Islam is the new Democratic party, that is why your never see democrats with Americain flags
@realDonaldTrump I'm with you! All you have to do is resign and let the adults #maga
That and grope women...rip off contractors...sneak into dressing rooms...

All you want to do is make yourself more famous. Its backfired & you're INFAMOUS. INFAMOUSLY crooked, bigoted & worthless
#ImpeachTrump #SAD
The truth drips out everyday. We all know you to be the CON JOB and CORRUPT President and most of Heartless and Vindictive.
Oh poor you, sucks to be a narcissist, blame your parents and move on.
We love you President Trump!!!! Trump 2020
You are the founder of fake news  !  All they do is report the truth.
America is already great and to say otherwise is unpatriotic.
Because the people who pay their wages have got used to the gravy train & they don't like the swamp being drained, it's the same over here.
America has become less great since you were elected.
@potus refers to many media outlets as dying. He should know - Many FAILED casinos, Trump University, Trump Steaks, Trump Airlines...
That because you are a Born liar and a Con man that cannot be trusted with $10 and the US is sick of your Bullshit!


You are obviously not reading the replies to your tweets. If you did you know the answer to your question"WHY".  This is no reality TV show.
I'm so sorry Mr president these people are obviously very ignorant we already are much better then before they must be blind
Most of them are trolls. The rest are just sheeple of the MSM. If they were actually paying attn, they would know how silly they sound.
The greedy evil deep state and Hillary and Soros are so power hungry they won't stop until they are in Gitmo!

Just ignore the haters.The American people are smarter than that.    We know the truths date behind you.   That's why Hollywoods tanking too
#Putinbot
Awful funny the only one bitching about fake news is you you're the one that came up with this b******* it's not fake just because you don't
Why? Because of your arrogance. You belittle, offend and insult them. I love how you are #MAGA but what do you expect? You can do better.
The Swamp likes America the way it is and they don't want America to be great again...Drain The Swamp!
The liberal crybabies are still  gaging on their passy.
It was great until you got involved. Now it's horrible and getting worse by the minute.
really? How so? Explain how it was great. Scandal after scandal? Obamacare? Money to Iran? Debt? Taxes? IRS?
what do you care what they think?  your job is to lead, not try to make the press love you, its a fools errand, you are not a lovable person
Fake news TIP! Some Hollywood companies hire PAID PROTESTERS as actors, but use them to create riots and protests sponsored by FAKE NEWS.
If it were true there would be a world-record line up for this casting call. Do you not posess critical thinking skills?? Seriously...
I just noticed Obama has 94.3M twitter followers and you have well less than half. Hmmm
Shows how stupid they are
This tweet is the very reason we do not trust or respect this person to lead our country.
Who needs irresponsible reporting?
#MAHA MAKE AMERICA HATE AGAIN !!!
Stay off twitter and do your job. Making America great again won't be achieved via social media!!
You want to make America great? #resign and take Pence, ryan and McConnell with you
Lololol.  Liar.  Meanwhile in the #RealNews..you can cut spending to market the open enrollment..but we the people are going to handle that
You r doing it the wrong way. Plus America is great, you r an anti-American.
It's already a great country.  You are the one suckling the life out of everyone.  #TrumpResign
That's the antithesis of the Democrat platform based upon grievance and division
-dies-
Mr President - I am your biggest fan. You could come out in favor of Oxygen and the Dems would stop breathing. WaitThat's not a bad idea LOL
Because if you succeed they lose. They are losers. #Demfail
Odd. The way you are trying to MAGA, as you put it, is destroying America. Also, you are a bombastic, clueless poopoohead.
Why are you talking about TAX CUTS...YOU haven't been paying taxes for years.
Considering how much you criticized President Obama... If you don't like what people write about you, you call it FAKE #wussy
America has always been great!
Forget the media. You do great for the country and they will have no choice but to acknowledge it. #MAGA  and they will have no choice.
Dont listen to the liberal haters!
You only want to make America white & Christian again. You want to sell USA to corporations. You want to pillage our resources. #Resist
America loves you! God Bless you!
Trump is a real president at time America and the world needs one
We have learned that the people in the US are not the agenda here it's a thumbs up on a magazine cover. This is not fake it till you make it
This is the agenda of lawlessness and wicked people...stay focus for I know God is with you!
All you want to do is make yourself richer at everyone's expense
Fake news TIP! Some Hollywood companies hire PAID PROTESTERS as actors, AND probably hie some of these liberal tweets you are seeing!!
Lol you again. What a clown. In short; get real.
Everyone should do at least one thing to leave this world a better place when they go . You won't You only have hate in your heart
AND YOU ARE!!!
On DACA. Pu tit on congress to vote. Do not punish these children for their parents poor choices. Continue to focus on criminal illegals
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
Oh, would you please stop whining.  It's pathetic.
Call off "war on drugs" put the money in rehab centers to help our kids who have been hurt by these white collar criminals
You will never figure it out, save your brain cells. It is beyond your capacity. You are unprepared to lead a country. Our worst #nightmare
Every time you chant MAGA, your brainwashed followers praise you and bow to you, their cult leader.
Thank you, Mr President! The stock market tells the truth that you are on your way to #MAGA ...hang in there in spite of nasty people!
Attack the messenger
Love the magazines and sales are up not dying getting stronger
OK #MAGA don't end #DACA: Paramedic Jesus Contreras Who Rescued Harvey Victims May Be Deported If Trump Ends #DACA
Magma
Sooo are we great again yet?
Poor toddler in chief.....you want to use this country as your personal checkbook. Please go away.
Obama dismantled all the core & moral values America stood proudly for. Sold us out 2 the highest bidder. Please stay firm. #DrainTheSwamp
Mr President, they do not want 2 #MAGA !  I do not get it either b/c very &  see our great  falling apart. Wish u great success in #MAGA
All I want to do is #MAGA
But it is all one big saga
People all want the truth
Say it is just a spoof
With @POTUS just after the drama
Resign.
Yes, how to MAGA--bring Obama back!
I'm in my RV. My home is under water. We love you, and what you're doing for Texas and America 
Why? Most Americans see U serving your massive narcissism, not the country  #resign & MAGA In Defense of the Truth
this tweet is ridiculous..You will never "MAGA" with your dangerous/ bullying of the REAL News Media and manipulative dishonest tweets.
Some nights when I pray for you, I ask God to keep you going strong & not grow weary of the haters! So far,the good Lord has heard me!! 

No worries, the American people love u. The haters will always hate no matter what u do.
There IS NO FALSE REPORTING. Fox News, Breitbart, infowars & W.H. are the FAKE NEWS. If you want to #MAGA, then #ResignTrump #ResignNow
Don't listen to the Liberals, or the MSM, Mr. President. Our support for you is far stronger than you realize.
No not true.
 MAGA  
The only thing more bankrupt that your business is your conscience.
The Trump train is unstoppable
Check out alternative news magazines and newspapers. You will be pleased to know many are for you and not angry zombies like the left.
The media is evil!!! Praying for you and your family! Stay strong! We know it's not easy draining the swamp! Thank You!! #MAGA
Trump 2020!..
I wouldn't bother reading below my POTUS. Just a bunch of Obama worshippers still whimpering cuz they lost! whine whine whine!
Every time I see "resistance" in a bio,  I think "there's another fool buying the Democrats' 'Brooklyn Bridge' real estate."
I would ask why Hillary knew she would win election and why immediately left assaulted you with Russia lie.who really was altering elaection
They're beginning to understand that you're the chosen one to finally hold them accountable for their immense corruption !!!
You are such a liar! You wonder why? You know why. You give no sh*ts about America or her ppl. You only care about you. No one lying but you
“After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!” 
And he will, and they will all be out of business. #MAGA #Trump2020
We don't believe anything they say. We're behind you all the way! @realDonaldTrump
Making america great again means good paying jobs and that spells death for what's left of the democrat party
Never fear President Trump! You are doing a great job! There are more than 63 millions of us!
You really need to learn that the word "false" does NOT mean anything you don't like! The media is doing their job to hold you accountable.
It is the nature of evil to despise that which is good. Your powerful leadership is exposing deeply entrenched evil in society
What a poor little boy  they are all against me mama
Your doing a outstanding job !!! Please don't cave in to the rude people
Then leave the country for good. That will be a step in the right direction.
Want to gamble at a Trump casino? Sorry, they're ALL BANKRUPT.
If you have to ask yourself why, you are blind to yourself.  You have no idea who you are and are in dire need of deep introspection.
More than 1/2 of America thinks you are tearing our nation apart.
And grab pussy and play golf.
Maybe it's what your idea of great is.
Because they want to make America weak
You only care about yourself. Make Donald Rich Again.
stop watching fox news
The only reason I can think of is they don't appreciate American Values @ all, which makes absolutely no sense because America's Winning!
They hate America.
Bymakingyourself self richer and destroying our constitutional given rights  And those failing magazines still selling in a time of digital
You Are doing a GREAT JOB!  WV LOVES YOU!!   Stay Strong!  March On!  The Mindless Left will Fall to the Wayside!!  
I guess because you're failing.

Then RESIGN !!!! That's the only way you can make America great again.
You are such a baby!
They will regret the day they ever opposed American values being protected.good job Mr.President
Shaking up the crooked means you have to experience the fall out.  WE Love you and FLOTUS.
Why because you are dying. America is great you just suck
U ask why it's because you've interrupted their criminal activities with good intentions that's why
What era do you want to return to in order to "MAGA"?
why is every one always picking on me? Lol
Then leave! You are the stain on MAGA.  You are the definition of ferocious anger. Oh, and name those magazines so we can all subscribe.

Really???
because: U R A #PathologicalLiar #DictatorDonald #CluelessOrangeClown that is #GuiltyLikeNixon & #MakingAmericaPolluted #DesperateDenials
You are so strange
They seem to have great circulation and balance sheets. They posted theirs, why don't you do the same?
Melania won't be able to wear those stiletto heels when she visits you (IF she visits you) in prison. #BuhByeDonnie
Donald, you have the ability to keep more than 1 ball in the Air.. Build the wall. most presidents were a 1trick pony act.Not you friend
The wall can be breached it doesn't stop planes and ships just saying
No kidding! You clearly don't understand the positive side of it. FYI-America spoke. They want it. Clearly Trump spoke on this
The wall will never happen because the majority if the US population is against it
Not possible? The wall was a major promise by Trump.. votes r in,he's president. And he does what he says MAGA
And how pathetic you are liking your own comment
And he doesn't keep his promise
