Everything you touch turns to shit.
DJ Qualls, u're my Hero!!! Standing O!!!

Your healthcare "solution" has FAILED just like you have failed in business and in your #pathetic presidency.
#IndependentCommission
On your plan your own party Exempted them self from the health insurance. If the Republicans don't want it why would the American people?
I am on your side mr president but this guy found a little truth! Refreshing!!!
ObamaCare isn’t dead. There are still millions of people receiving insurance through the Affordable Care Act. Quit acting like you have a genie in your pocket that makes every lie you tell become true.
@realDonaldTrump, the $880B dollars from Medicaid belongs in Medicaid, Tax cuts for the rich doesn't make sense. Tax Reforms don't belong...
Ask me about my Bill to improve quality of life for stroke survivors and nursing home residents. @repCohen refused to promote Bill & blocked
Yep! More democratic pay-for-play dollars that's all it was!
Leftists and their fellow travelers are big on zombies, so yeah, maybe you can compare some things to Obamacare.
On the day they vote on the donor relief act
Trump care IS Obama care --- geez why do you hate him so much? because he skooled you at the WH Press dinner?   Such a big baby.
You need to put your head in a toilet and flush it
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to ba...
u need more than 10yrs porky to thatdestroy obamacare
You mean YOU have a problem with bailing out donors?
你以为你的方案能比奥巴马强到哪去，多参考社会主义的吧。
What bullshits!
Just like they bailed out big banks during the housing crash, which was caused by clintons when bill was in because they encouraged their
banking buddies to give out loans to people who couldn't afford them so they would look good, also automobile loans.
They encourage scams and then bail eachother out. Same with obama and obamacare. All a circle jerk and middle America pays the bill.
They built in the amount they already plan to receive from bailouts when the current lending bubble pops-designed into their lending program
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
I don't understand u. What is ObamaCare? I have heard of the wonderful ACA!
wait... so to all of the trump supporter, trump is still a good pres??
So true!!
Now In Cinema
WATCH MOVIES ONLINE FREE 
http://www.nowincinema.com/ 
Obamacare cannot save the life of the Trump presidency
#impeachment coming to a cable news channel near you! @jeffsessions you will be locked away in prison too! I look forward to it!
You are wrong.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
IF THESE OBAMACARE LOVERS WERE TOLD TO DRINK POISONED KOOL-AID CAUSE IT WAS GOOD FOR THEM THEY WOULD, JUST LIKE THOSE THAT DID FOR JIM JONES
You guys smell that? Yep, it's the distinct odor of impeachment.
Lies
But TrumpCare is still unconstitutional.
Dems don't want insurance companies... We want Universal Healthcare like other smart Nations. I want our billions to go to CARE!
I wonder what it's like to hate a poc so much you would tear down what they built to reclaim it as your own instead of improving it
Talking out your ass as usual.
GOP gave insurance ginormous stimulus.. DEMs wanna give em more? L☆L ... #DenialStrongHolds #SchizoCorpoReligio
Everything is payed on this life. You will blame obamacare but you will finish improving it and steal the credit.
Your toupee is dead (and probably what is below it)
Obamacare was horrible! Many Americans couldn't afford the affordable care!!
And you are the big KILLER!
Which prison will you choose
lol the kettle calling the pot black
And you want billions to go to your cronies....? What is wrong with you dude?
Shouldn't it be the opposite for..god people are so dumb believing your lies. I know damn well you and your buds. Only want the .
It isn't dead, your bill isn't passed, Senate has to vote, even then it won't be in affect for another two years, who you kidding
You dint mind when they bailed you out!!!!
If the new healthcare is good enough for the people, then all government officials should have the same plan.
Lies
Not true.
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought it was important to be a healthy human being so I can contribute to our country's growth. My mistake.
What about the billions you're giving to the insurance companies? Yet another lie.
Your a dong!
Get rid of the insurance companies all together. You know the right thing to do.it wont happen until a Republican has the guts to say it.
Apparently Liberals didn't get the memo....
Where do you get your information from?The last thing democrats want to do is give more money to insurance companies that's what ur doing
So what's with the 25 million that won't get insured under Trump Care
Get a job, work, get insurance, and stop complaining.... tired of handouts to lazy ass people!
Obama care can't die it's not a living thing.
Trump is an Asshat
To me any Obama crap is useless.  Get rid off all asap. God Bless President Trump, his family. Make America Great again!!!
Universal Healthcare will be YOUR LEGACY!!!! Single payor. Medicare for all! So proud.
Universal Healthcare Single Payor! Your Legacy President Trump.
Oh meu good
Repubs will lose BIGLY in 2018/2020. U take ownership, uve just said Obamacare is dead...24mill will lose cover & vote against you
All you care about is the name!
Dude, it's the ACA.  And he CREATED it.  You REVISED it.  Big deal.  He worked SO hard, against republicans all the way, and CREATED it.
We all know why you left erectile dysfunction out of the pre-existing conditions list. #therealLIMPDonaldJTrump
Speaker Paul Ryan delivered a message to his colleagues on American Health Care Act: “This is who we are. This will define us.”
Paul Ryan: "This is who they are. This what defines us" this is what we need to kept thinking about as 2018 midterms come
The major problem with Obamacare is that is was forced on its own people-- they were penalized with a fine.
Don't believe False Trump.
I'm comparing it to the AHCA which ensures 24million people go uninsured
The Democrats have got to stop with all their complaining the got to stop I hate them.  Not you
Liar. First announcement on AHCA from Spicer, he compared it to Obamacare and visually, we could tell you're kicking a bunch of people off
what do you mean "bail out donors"??
No, that is just it, that is what u r doing and the people believe this
do you speak English?  WTF?
Your a fool
Huh? Dems don't want citizens dying in the streets. ALL deserve healthcare. Countries with national healthcare have better outcomes than US
Oops ... just added a huge insurance bailout to the House bill that just passed.  Maybe I should delete this tweet.
The government. Spent the money in ssn , meidcade and medicare so cute them and their spendind
No but I can't c where cuts will help I'm disable but my husban cares me on his ins.thur work I'm 61 I receive 546 in ssn don't cut to much
Ummm, maybe he should actually read both bills. Trump care will gut Medicaid and give that money to wealthy people as a tax break. He lies!!
Wow, you really can't read or do math can you?
??? What are you talking about. I worry about who and where you get your information. Fake news maybe?
no more bail outs for banks or companies
I wish the worst misfortunes
It will be most interesting what the Senate does with your hastily passed heath care act, plus time will tell if you really blew this one.
You can't compare anything to Andrew Jackson, because he is dead, too.
OBAMA!!!  You may try but you will never tear down his legacy!!!  NOT MY PRESIDENT!!
PAYER SINGLE PAYER SINGLE PAYER SINGLE PAYER SINGLE PAYER SINGLE PAYER SINGLE PAYER SINGLE PAYER
You will never overcome Obama's legacy.  You're spiteful, hateful and jealous that you will never be him or accomplish what he has.
Not OK to send billions to Insurance Companies.
But OK to give billions to Wall Street for risky/bad faith investments?
Priorities whacked
So Now that money will go to U & your friends instead Via one of the largest redistribution of wealth, your TAX PLAN? SAD
Obamacare is more alive than Trumpcare. You promised not to degrade Medicare and lower rates for everyone. DISHONEST!
Actually ObamaCare is alive and well and your trash bill is DOA at the Senate.
If Obamacare is dead, it's because you killed it. This is on you. You're going down.
The People want SINGLE PAYER! #LOSER
CONald: YOU ARE BRAIN_DEAD -- Obamacare is alive and well
丝毫没有得到什么，一场热闹的国际笑话
Why do you hate Americans so much  
Obama care is the reason I haven't been to a doctor in 8 years. Looking forward to it dying.
It's not a healthcare bill, it's a tax cut for those that make over $250,000. While most Americans are far below that amount. SHAME ON YOU!
Single Payer System please. For the love of all that is good, right and economically sound.
But what about the people like me over 60 did u forget about us ???
Agreed. You cant compare govt health care to health care moving back to the private sector. Great first step today with work to do in Senate
Your really threatened by President Obama! Remember the Senate has to pass your bla bla bla health care......
The average working family can NOT even afford Obamacare!
Hitler is dead but I'm still going to compare you to him.
We can compare your presidency. I wish it was dead.
You lying sack of shit.
Sad. Did president Bannon tell you to tweet this?
Then replace it with a single payer health care system!  That will REALLY piss the Dems off!
That's a lie.
Another Yuge mistake   BIGLY
Democrats take take take to give to welfare programs is the case of political mafia
Psychologists call this post "projecting."
You're the worst.
Obama cares about people , but you just care about yourself ! #I'mfromCanada #Ihateyouanyway #Happyyou'renotmyPresident
Quit making this about spite toward dems. It is obvious trumpcare is about for profit for insurance companies.
Tell the truth
the exemption for congress re the health care bill is passing.
Lying Again
Stop rushing the healthcare bill.We need a REAL president to help us.Most of us who do not have insurance cannot get it because of rules
please come in congo  to clean kabila is à killed
The thing is the ones bowing out still make profits ...just not enough to their standards. Maybe have a talk w/them about sustainability.
I knew this was going to hell with Hillary, Healthcare is poorly tracked between Health Providers and Insurance Providers. Who got rich?
your finally on to something.. let's get rid of insurance company's
You are not repealing Obamacare like we requested and you said you'd do. From a supporter that means one term.
Obamacare 2.0 or worse from what I hear. We want to see the new bill and approve it before votes are cast. Give gov back to people!

Russia’s influence even in French election- Le Pen blamed for it

http://www.libertyfighters.uk/europe/russias-influence-even-in-french-election-le-pen-blamed-for-it/ … 
You are delusional are going to hurt millions of Americans . You must be proud! Just keep lying to us and yourself, it's what you do best

Putin’s ‘May Order’ successfully executed

http://www.libertyfighters.uk/world/putins-may-order-successfully-executed/ … 
That is all it is.
So sexual assault is a preexisting condition, huh.
LIAR!!! You are the one giving the big tax break to insurance execs! LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR!
Single Payer is the only way to go. Call that Trump Care and you will be loved by every one. A Nobel Prize is waiting 4u!
Nope.
