That didn't take long. Gut our healthcare and then public education.
Will not answer questions about discrimination at charter schools  no accountability for charter schools
Discrimination has only been perpetuated by the democrats. They have always been the most discriminatory.
Cite ur sources -too many too varied - keep in mind the demographics of democratic party has had a tectonic shift since is beginning
Every news agency there is. The show it every day. The true fascist trying to force their will on by silencing all oposition.
So u believe nothing -its all fake news?
like most liberals take what a conservative says and twist it for your benefit. I get most of my news from reputable sources not the MSM.
That sound you hear is optimism leaving the country. Not only did you sell out your base you then tried to lie to them about it.
Did you think democrats and media would lie and cover for you because you played along? I am starting to regret voting for you.
GOParty of the 1% doesn't care about avg ppl anymore. Spending all their time planning on how to put millions into pockets of ultra-wealthy.
How is it there is more money on the left? You have been played.
You mean campaign finance or you mean policy objectives? I was speaking about policy objectives, but can talk about both
I mean money and wealthy donors.
Do you follow much on campaign finance? Honest question. I follow it a reasonable amount and the billionaire club skews GOP by quite a bit.
Wall Street to DNC, Tech to DNC. Soros to DNC and any left radical group. Left has more money. Buffet,
School discrimination paid by tax payers
Public school system is the wreck. Teachers quit teaching and started to twist all subjects to suit their beliefs.
Only if your rich would you believe "the woman who knows nothing about education" BS.

GRAHAM: "Is it fair to say that the Russian government is still involved in American politics?"

COMEY: "Yes." 
At least you kept the promise to fund school choice - too bad PP, Puerto Rico & Sanc. Cities are in there too. No wall=BS #brokenpromises
Did you learn anything today?  Or were you too busy with your phone?  OAH
I loved the part where Andrew Jackson rode in on a grizzly bear!
Children step away from the boogie man
wait until the have to try and pay off that student loan @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC
Mr.President Trump & Administration - Marvelous .May Divine Parents always bless You, Family, Team and the USA :)
You can approach the court I have a challenge other than wore that could give them thrills  not wars and unlock ......
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His [1/2]
own inheritance. [2/2]
So parents should have the right to choose but not women?
Wait, are you saying moms don't count as parents?

And now all of those children are less intelligent and likely hate school for the rest of their lives. Failing Trump destroying the future!
Guess which one of those gathered know less about American history and civics?
*Phew* I was getting worried about you there for a minute. Nearly 18 hours without a tweet! At your grand old age, you shouldn't worry us.
But, wait! This tweet is far too mature and sensible, maybe even lucid... OMG.  @WhiteHouse Is Donald dead?
How many of these young children are going to lose health care because of your poor legislation; quit the lies back ACA or resign!!!!
This is how morose Donald Trump is;  most of these children and their families are likely to lose health care with his new legislation!!
Did you speak to them about The Civil War? Tell them how you would have stopped it!
You lost the popular vote
#SchoolChoice is a bad idea. The US should not tolerate any failing schools - offering "choice" is accepting a bad status quo.
Eat it lmao.
Your graphic sucks
Why does @FLOTUS never attend these events with you, Sir?
Triggered William LeGate is 3...2...1...
I keep trying to get him but he wont come out and play!
Were you checking out @BetsyDeVosED's butt?
Looks like it

You made it through the entire event without being arrested! That's a win!
Fund our public schools. This is a no brainer.
https://twitter.com/bubipin/status/848796703453007872 …
Ours strategy we take root to top levels surveys&research on around 10k points i.e 4m words and methodology forecast 
SMRC-ANALST
Picking out a future wife ?
What school will you choose for your reeducation? Obviously the 4 or 5 you attended did you no good. Rikers Island Charter? Resign.
It's nice to meet with your peers.
Most publications are between 6th and 8th grade! They print what you are capable of reading! Don't be feeling brilliant because you are them
Dan, not all of us read Highlights magazine.

How nice of you to stop by and use the black students as props for your photo.
Did you hear what Comey said today? If Weiner walks, I'm off the train & taking everyone I can with me.
You know George Soros is trying to undermine the Free World and your son-in-law has a 200 million dollar credit with him that is not good
Nobody likes you vermin
Show us your taxes, Comrade Con Artist @realDonaldTrump !
Trump won!  You lost!
Do you really think we believe that you care about the future of our kids?
Nope. Not here legally. Plenty of underprivileged kids right here in America. World can worry about its own kids. We'll worry about ours.
Can't wait till the food costs go up and all you haughty people will start eating cat food.
So you support fractional slavery?
No I am waiting for all of you complaining "they are taking jobs, bad hombre" to not be able to buy food. Because we must deport
So you want illegal immigration, which no country allows, so we can underpay people to grow our food instead of paying Americans properly?
There needs to be a road to citizenship for those here.
There is. We have a process for legal immigration. People don't get to just cross the border and skip it. God, how is this difficult?
By using taxpayers' money for private (and religious) schools @realDonaldTrump is gutting public education as @BetsyDeVosED kisses his ass.
Correction: for ALL students. Need to get federal out of school, let the states do it.
Did you teach them about Andrew Jackson and how he could have stopped WW1 if the time machine was built in time?
Troll
The deranged president
Is this one of the many edu programs you defunded but want to "honor" to trick your supporters into thinking you're not a terrible person??
@williamlegate You just keep on talking nonsense...we will just keep on winning, and yes we want Hillary Locked up....
Well sad, CeCe, well said the critic cred double talk lost any effect 5 billion derogatory slanderous comments ago.
What the foreign language is that? Gibberish 101, only offered at Trump Univ.? You actually tweeted that on a thread pertaining to education
I can't! I just can't do it anymore.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
YESSS BLACKS FOR TRUMP
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… https:...
DeVos the bought & paid for (pay 4 play) big $ donor that knows zero abt education. Used 2 like Amway - will NEVER buy it again.
Thank you god
This is good!! Thankyou president Donald Trump and staff, for all you have done and all your doing for the American People!!
Well what ever the insurance is please make sure that the first person to sign up for it is our senators and house of representative
I know you have a lot to do can you look into corrupt child support thank you
You are hateful and evil
أسماء 377 موظفاً وموظفة تمت ترقيتهم بالاختيار في البلدية ..  http://alanba.com.kw/742907 
As if you give a shit about our kids...
please dont forget the childrebs with autism.
Lots of fake smiles.
I love the man, the president!
I HIGHLY APPRECIATE THE EXCELLENT LEADERSHIP OF PERFORMANCE OF THIS GREAT AND BRIGHTEST US PRESIDENT
MAGA! school district cut spec ed inclass support. My ADHD son, TOTALLY CONTROLLED by meds, honor roll. Sept nu spec Ed school, knows no1!
Another reason you will be despised!
Betsy is the A list Swamper
Did you tell them they will lose funding and healthy lunches while your ego was being stroked?
If ever there were 3 people who could use some schooling on basic government affairs...
I hope you learned something from these students!
This is the WORST thing that could happen to public schools  Why are you trying to destroy EVERYTHING? It will hurt special ed the most.
美国之音？中共之音！
Shouldn't you go back to school to relearn history and not be like North Korea and make shit up and falsify history. #GoBackToSchoolDoanldT
she knows nothing about public education. Maybe she can teach them how to sell Amway
Fantastic! Praise God.  This is going to bless so many families.  God bless President Trump and God bless America.
No war
Awesome You're a blessing as President of United States if America
You lost the popular vote though. 
RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP
PATHETIC
今日ご飯と私どっち先にする？？
Terör örgütlerini organize eden askerin itirafı.teröristlerle birlikte ölürsünüz.
Betsy WHO?
@BetsyDeVosED is an unqualified joke, just like @POTUS and #schoolchoice does nothing to help underfunded/struggling schools and kids. Sad.
now here's a class you should check out
#TrumpRussia
Women can keep pants up then abortion not a problem. Lesbos fight hardest against abortions and the can't get pregnant normally
Thank You!!!
How come the kids hands are bigger than yours? Oh they have bigger brains got it
 $@ u
#RESIGN your 4th grade education is showing. Donnie, you're outta your league. Quit destroying the American public schools.
Stop by means not leaving D.C. Or the WH?
Every single one of those kids is smarter than you and DeVos. What a farce.
.@BetsyDeVosED's is a loser whom you appointed to pay a debt. When do you appoint DiamondandSilk, AuntToms to pay debt.
Can't wait to see this image!
Outdated old men w/old outdated ideas, hope u nvr need a nursing home. People u hurt will b those changing ur diapers! Might find urself n 
Loved "used" DeVos
Trump University so taught me the art of grabbing them by the...
All you seem to give a shit about are photo ops and praise.
It embarrassed me to listen to her hearing. Why the hell pay for college or a Master's degree! Who knew? All it takes is MONEY!
All of those kids have a higher IQ than you
You know as much about "honor" as centipedes know about the space program. Resign and expire.
Good morning praying you and yours have a blessed day
Support Public Education! So called " school choice" is a scam run by businesses!
Whirrr click! Whirrr click! "infinite" has been reassembled into: tangibility!

"Been thinking about it all day, and I'm not sure I can concoct a crueler policy than letting insurers charge a woman extra for being raped"
Return Power back to the states from the dept.of non education.../ @realDonaldTrump @BetsyDeVosED
My heart is so full. Education is way at the top of my list of MOST IMPORTANT Children are the future of the country. WONDERFUL WINNING
@Merri__Magic @VP @usedgov @BetsyDeVosED
What, Bannon and Sessions couldn't make your little party? Too busy planning future lynchings?
You are one ignorant animal #TRUMP Sup #goosing @BetsyDeVosED HAHAHHAAHAHAHHAHAHA And she loved it!
Bruno Mars. Bruno fuckin' Mars. Bruno Mars is more popular than donnie tinyhands. why does this not surprise me? #KremlinGremlin #ImpeachNow
What's #notachoice is #genderidentity and #sexualorientation, which are under the control of hormones during development, are not choices
history in schools need  be
public schools matter
Thank you Mr. President for encouraging school choice and competition in the education system.
Destroying our schools too!  You are the devil that has been sent to try to destroy us but we will prevail. Good always prevails over evil!!
Adore President Trump 
Let's be real now, political appointees instructed underlings on enforcement protocol, doing donors bidding.
While U were there did U pick up any books to learn how to read? ABCs. Dick & Jane ?
Spare me.  Stay away from education sir... With all due respect, neither you, nor your Secretary of Education have a clue.
Where did the democrats go who USED TO DEMAND SCHOOL CHOICE? BACK TO THE DEMOCRAT PLANTION
sad! All the kids of color are in the front.
This was and is a photo opt.. If I were the parents of these kids I would wash them in bleach it will get rid of the White House germs
Wtf did I just watch? What the what? What just happened lol?
Is "honor" your new buzz word Donald? Step Down
Pushing a HCB without approval from The CBO could kill millions including children.NOT PRESIDENTIAL. Ryan tribute to his Ayn Rand obsession
Where I went to school we didn't get stickers for attendance.  I earned my diploma. You can't say the same. You still color by number. #fdt
Keep @PressSec Spicer. When the media hates him, you know he's gotta be doing a good job..
Betsy is nothing but a corporate criminal like her brother and the rest of your cabinet.  The stench coming out of Washington is unbearable!
Vouchers harm public schools.
Did you tell them that new AHCA strips coverage of disabled for educational needs? that schools will not be able to offer services needed?
Fake president
Your funding cuts to education will leave school choice between bad and terrible.
Cut school funding!
Education is so overrated, this so-called President is exhibit A!
what school choice?? You're taking school choice away. School is something you need
School Choice: can't be good if it came from your administration
Couldn't u have at least tried to look like u cared and not like u were plotting which of those kids u were going to try to deport first?
Haha sure
Thank You, Mr. President. #MAGA #POTUSTrump
Mr President, since you serve all Americans I trust you take no honor in a program that steals funding from schools in poor neighborhood.
Thank you mr. President
It made me cry happy tears. Thank you Mr President from the bottom of my heart.
Photo up
The three amigos. All going down. So many crimes, so little time. How many life sentences can one traitor get?
Thank. You god
He is giving blacks what they have wanted for decades. So what's wrong with that? Nothing,period. But haters will still find fault.
Good Job POTUS!
Instead of taking $3 billion from education cut Betsy devoid personal security fund to what its actually supposed to be!
You know what's nice about this administration is The P and VP actually seem to like and respect each other- never saw that with Obama's adm
Did you all tell the kids that you don't think they deserve to have an education especially if their parents don't make enough money?
U R giving power 2 states but what about accountability because if U didn't notice, there are mostly LIBERAL SICK teachers
wow this woman with no educational background wants to decimate public sshools bravo
Did the 5th graders school you on American history?
#maga
