Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
@realDonaldTrump #RepealAndReplace #BuildTheWall #POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst #LockHerUp #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
I'm Irish and ur not my friend
Why don't you get OFF of here and go to work!?
The Irish immigrants are your friends? What lie are you promoting today or has Fox and Friends/Breitbart not given you ammo
Did you know that Saint Patrick was an immigrant? He wasn't born in Ireland.  Thank you for celebrating immigration! 
lol he's ok with legal immigration 
Agreed, but for legal immigration to be beneficial, there needs to be a path to citizenship, IMHO. 
there will be. Just need to get the Isis/terrorist problem under control first
I will say this, the problem with foreign terrorists will not be solved by a wall on the Mexican border, IMHO.
I'm part Irish, and I still hate you. I'm pretty sure there are a lot of Irish people who do not like you at all
Happy Cinco de mayo to you and all you deplorable cabinet members.
haters like you are deplorable
don't ruin this for me.
.@realDonaldTrump
off to Florida?
name one.
Your great Irish friends who are likely descended from millions of refugees who came to America fleeing famine & oppression
surprised you could spell that correctly.
you
Why are you NOT doing all the things that you promised in you campaign? I voted for you, and am now seriously regretting it
@Trump_Regrets :(
on behalf of Irish Americans everywhere: We are NOT your friends

You'd have let them starve during the famine. #ImpeachTrump
your attacks on the EPA amount to ABUSE OF POWER and CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE.

YOU MUST BE REMOVED FROM OFFICE.

YOU ARE EVIL.

Ditto Mr President! 
Has to do with vetting, not if your muslim.
If you actually gave a shit, you would spell check your gaelic first or correct this tweet, you lazy hack.
Do you have friends of any kind?
you know St Patrick was an immigrant right?
well he was white so it doesn't count,  right?   RIGHT?!  @realDonaldTrump
MAGA
Happy St Patrick's day Mr President. Thank you for working for the forgotten men and women.
you have no friends
enjoy your day Mr President! 
so you like Irish but not Mexicans? 
You don't have any friends. Everyone hates you. Because you're awful.
I'd be more impressed if you could actually pronounce that and knew what it means.
they'll never get there hands on me lucky tax returns.. 

#StPatricksDay
Actually, Rachel Maddow released them and she proved that Trump paid more taxes than Bernie and Obama.
did he not STEAL more than everyone else?
@jane_mcdonnell
yeah true
same to you mr president
if they live in the United States they immigrated here at some point try to let that sink in......
Happy St. Patrick's Day President Trump
you know that means "the Irish are wankers" right? #StPatricksDay #FridayFeeling
Release your tax returns @realDonaldTrump
Historically low approval..  SAD!  FAILURE!!
Your Irish proverb was created by a Nigerian. You're fired clown ! LOLOLOL
You have friends now?
You have friends?
over 60,000,000 of them, to be precise.
lmfao why are you so butt hurt what did I ever do to you 
shareblue is wasting their money on retards like you. Don't reply to me cus I'm not gonna reply to a bot anymore.
You should delete this tweet. You keep going to court and losing over and over again.
because of obama appointees
No the first one was actually a bush appointee. ..
the Hawaii judge? That's obama's buddy
The first judge to appeal the first travel ban was appointed by Bush
no my focus are on these two judges who hit the second travel ban. But I have suspicions on the 1st
is*
Thanks Mr. President!!
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!...
@SonOfTone  @ryanwoods150 @sherm22
And, Always remember to forget that you quoted an African poet's poem as an Irish proverb. Because we will never forget that you did.. LAIR!
you have friends?
you said it wrong, but it's ok. The country loves you Mr. President!
Top of the morning to ya, Donny! Keep your tiny leprechaun hands off Ivanka's lucky charms, ya saucy dawg.
also it's: Lá fhéile Pádraig sona dhuit! 
lol he never gets anything right!!
Have fun this weekend on America's dime. What is this, your fifth vacation?
Omgosh really what a stupid remark when Obama was king of vacations
That's because Obama actually worked Donald Dumb just tweets and look at news
Bahaha that's funny since Trump has done more in 50 days than O did in 8 .
WTF he only created more problem to the American people than any POTUS like I said your racist
Oh crap I knew racist would come out , my family is mixed lol
No their not. you're racist I could tell you were following Obama hard and your a Trump fan
I'm racist ? How original that's all you can spew out of your hate filled heart.
I'm Irish, and you are NOT my friend by any means. In fact I hate you more than anybody on this beautiful planet!
.@realDonaldTrump oh those immigrants 
I'm sure your supporters loved the quote from the Nigerian poet.  And the 4 leaf clover.  resign

on behalf of all Irish Americans,  we say , Póg mo thòin.
do they hang out with all your great Muslim friends, black friends, Mexican friends, woman friends, middle class friends.
god bless
and to my enemies, who didn't endorse me or vote for me (dead vote frauders because everyone vote for me) kiss my fat ass.
Trump Tweets St. Patrick’s Day Greeting In Irish Gaelic, But Spells It Wrong
maybe thats the nigerian spelling?
FAKE NEWS...DJT doesn't have any friends!
lasts night's proverb was as Irish as your taco bowl is Mexican. Please just stop trying.
be careful with AHA if it cuts Medicaid while lowering taxes 4 eliteaao
make sure your core people are on board with your vision not their own. I believe in you am with you!!
Irish here
making Kentucky great again!!!!
Work it up you're hole.
where are your tax returns??????
Make Trump great again
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
Yeah I'm SURE you wrote this one...#cantspelltap #SmallPenisPrez #ClownPrez
Top of the morning !!!   :)
pog mo thoin
You mean the IMMIGRANTS?  Two thumbs up #EndaKenny!  You certainly #TrumpedTrump
Is that Nigerian too.. like your proverb??
Beannachtaí na Féile Pádraig oraibh!
Please remember your English friends on the 23rd of April, St George's Day. The English voted #Brexit, the Irish didn't.
Ireland HATES you.  What a joke you are!
you spelled it wrong
Who looked this one up for you?
the no clue guy
#You have few !
please just shut up
Did you spell it right this time?
Legalize the green President Trump kill the cartels and gain tax revenue win win
HAPPY IMMIGRANT DAY!!!!
Póg mo thóin
No. Just stop. We children of Irish immigrants want you to leave our holiday alone.
I bet that tweet took a half an hour to look it up out of spell it
you have no friends let alone Irish friends.
U DONT HAVE ANY IRISH FRIENDS -U R HATED IN IRELAND- SO STAY OUT OF IRELAND BETRAYER OF U R COUNTRY ! WE HATE TRAITORS !
Hahahahaha one about cowboys now... you do not have friends
That's not Nigerian Donald! #YoureFired #ShitWig
Hope you spelled that right. You dummy!
Who wrote this? Not you Donnie Boy.
, No wonder you don't drink. You're scary crazy sober.
there's no h

Kudos to the staffer who googled "Irish proverb" and came up with a repeatedly plagiarized non-Irish POEM.  Your fave?
On behalf of all Irish in America & Ireland; UR not one of us! The only ppl around come w/price tag. You a lone sad soal
seriously this is the joke you all wanted as our president? Gesh America is so stupid,
you'll never see Ireland. Thank God.
the only Gaelic you should tweet is Fáilte Rohmaibh A Chairde. Translation "refugees welcome"
#Great  Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great ENOUGH! 
Oh no, honey. This isn't a day for you. This is the day the Irish express their hatred of the Orangemen.
Like you.
fraud.
I can't even stand to see your face or hear your voice. You r a sick person
I'm Irish you are not a friend
at least spell it right ya fuckin mong #LáFhéilePádraig
keep up the great work! Go team TRUMP!!!!
merci
Why people fight with brainwashed liberals is beyond me. We have better things to do like fix everything Obummer did
What Friends?
Please name all of your great Irish friends
thanks dude. I voted for and for the record I think ur doing a great job. God bless
you have no friends!
Are they anything like your African Americans?
you don't have any friends, only marks
A amadáin!
sorry Donald - they're not your friends and once you totally bottom out you'll see how quickly they turn their back on you
is that another fake Irish saying?
mian falsa
so your favorite Irish Proverb is not Irish, not a proverb and written by a Nigerian #winning
Calling Trump a child is an enormous insult to all the curious, bright and creative children I know
May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past. Irish Blessing
take a lesson from yr Irish friends and remember their immigration problems they went through
Oh screw you.
and a happy st Patrick's day to you from an Irish Colleen
こんにちは
mr prez please, to all OUR Irish Friends. We are Americans it's not all about you
Stay strong, Mr. Prez.
I'm not a reporter but I want to see your taxes! I bet you've conned everyone. #DonTheCon Sign: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/immediately-release-donald-trumps-full-tax-returns-all-information-needed-verify-emoluments-clause-ecompliance …
doubt u have any
RESIGN EVERYONE HATES YOU
another disrespectful moment brought to you by Donnie. RUDE behavior towards a visitor in OUR(the people's)  home.
Pog Mo Thoin Don the Con
but they hate you 
screw u s what the Irish say to,u
u ain't got no Irish friends
Good wishes are but mockeries without good works.
the Irish  were Immigrants !!!
fuck you
Name one.
