No. Because that's what Obama would have done.
Never has. Never will.
This is all on the reckless VA Governor and city mayor. Pray for Steve Scalise.
From a Charlottesville City resident to you, you are trash. This is not on the Gov or the VM. This is one the rally organizers
Its all 3. But it has less than zero to do with Trump. This whole event was known about, expected & staged by the VA Governor & city mayor.
It was not staged. I know because I know the organizer and I was at every city council meeting involving this rally. You're dismissed.
He says in a tweet instead of attending the service. Quite literally the LEAST you could have done in remembrance of a hero.
Hey now. Go easy. Those golf clubs don't swing themselves. And SOMEONE has to have their finger ready to start Armageddon.
Trump was in Bedford, NJ at a meeting on National Security. But facts never matter to leftists.
Trump was at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey but who's to say he didn't have a National Security meeting on the links?
He wasn't actually spotted golfing the day of the memorial service. But still.
Still. He had a meeting there. National Security. Kinda important
Oh, I agree National Security is important. But the dude finds time to lambast Rosie O'Donnell on Twitter. His priorities just suck.
To put it another way, his time management skills remind me of my nine-year old.
Do be fair, sir! He wasn't sure if he should be sad until he had all the facts!
Of course! People who fight for civil rights are equivalent to literal Nazi murderers! The leader of the free world said so!
Liar. Using the death of a good woman is disgusting. Shame on you.
If only we had the class & dignity of POTUS, who didn't tweet about her until halfway thru her funeral & has yet to denounce her murderer.
Is denouncing every single murderer really necessary? He called Nazis and white supremacists evil on National television
We are all looking forward to your memorial service. Can't wait.
I wonder what Heather would say to you after your negligent comments yesterday I believe she would say you can keep your condolences.
U #SUPPORT THOSE WHO KILLED HER
Yes the woman murdered by white supremacist that you support!

Tell me something you know about her that will be remembered by all. Not just with stock words you use. Did her life make a difference?
I guess your just to busy sticking up for the people who killed her to attend?
You didn't even reach out to her mother.
this wouldn't have happened if ur supporters didn't feel endorsed by you and empowered to have that damn nazi rally
#yourearacist
This one was written by the p.r. people, clearly
You are NOT allowed to say or write the name of this victim Mr President. Never ever! Because you are a little bit too much fascistlike.
Wow, first time you have mentioned her name. Good for you, Grand Wizard in Chief.
Bet u never said that Obama was the Racist in Chief when he openly supported and welcomed BLM racist terrorists to the White House
No, because that never happened.
Nice that you could take time out of your tweeting to attend her memorial...wait you are still in your house randomly commenting on you.
You, having only succeeded in inciting divisivness & hatred, everything she fought against, have 0 right to use HER death as your pulpit.
In victory by some unfortunately
Especially because she stood up to your racist pals.
Her beauty has nothing to do with it. You need to start see women and all people for their brains rather than the way they look! Humanity!
I bet Obama would have been invited.
DON'T YOU DARE SPEAK HER NAME. YOU KILLED HER. #HeatherHeyer
SHE WILL BE REMEMBERED AS THE MARTYR WHO SAVED AMERICA AND BROUGHT YOU AND THE FOURTH REICH DOWN. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #SpecialElection
How dare you speak her name after you victim blamed her yesterday & your nazi buddies hailed you as king for it?! #resist #impeach
#Drumpf blamed the counter-protesters for the violence + #HeatherHeyer was a counter-protester = Drumpf victim blaming. #resist #impeach
Murdered by one of your "very fine people", you schmuck.
So why didn't you say her name once during your filth yesterday?
Everyday I'm reminded why I voted for Trump. This Man is doing an amazing job. Finally a President we can be proud of.
#bloodonyourhands
WHY will she be remembered? Say it! She was a hero who was KILLED by a white supremacist. SAY IT!  SAY IT!
and until now, nary a mention of her name.  Sad!
RIP Heather
If you beat up a protester, Trump will pay your legal fees. If you commit an act of terror, he'll say there are fine people on all sides.
He'll SAY he will, but you bet not a penny will come from him.
Heather had more courage and love in her eyetooth then you do in your entire body.
Keep up the great work Mr President. The haters are going to hate. I know you really care about us. #Trumpsgreat
Really ????? I don't think he cares about this country
You should have not let your daughter participate in that craziness!
Hahaha and her mother refuses to speak to u. I love it. Love it. Get outta my whitehouse
When were u ever in the whitehouse! I didn't know you owened it?
We as Americans own it. It's the pls house in case u forgot.
Agreed. Can you elaborate on what made her incredible and special? Maybe a little bit about the specialness of the cause for which she died?
Probably not but I am sure he knows what golf course he was on.

And you honored her memory by saying she was morally equivalent to white supremacists. Great job.
How dare you even say her name. Her blood is on your hands.
Too little too late
Hoping you see sense & apologise to @Kaepernick7 & the rest of the NFL players for your rude divisive statements #MakePeaceNotDivision #hope
Was one of your "very fine" people did this.
Can't all you blues stop crying! Get on your own page and complain!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembe...
You didn't mean this shit
Fake response.
Fake hair!
Are you attending?
Did Obama attend the funeral of the 5 policeman killed in dallas by a BLM shooter? Nope...he didn't even have the courtesy to speak about it
That's not an accurate statement
What's not accurate? Oh, the fact that he spoke about it days later, but never condemned the left BLM? Ur right!
Because it wasn't BLM douche. This guy wa a NAZI, with a crowd of NAZIS, and the President of His Base Only, had no guts to call them out
Did you go? Nope? Didn't think so.
Did u?
Who made you tweet this? We know you were forced to or a staffer did it.
Who made you tweet this?
Gooshe shtepping moronsh like yourshelf should be reading booksh inshtead of burning them.
My Gooshe shtepping moronsh Tweet seems to get a lot of likes from women wanting to have sex with me.
I hope she is remembered as the civilian who started the end of your hateful Presidency. #HumanityFirst
Wow I like your words.
We love you @POTUS
No. WE. don't.
So, SO many reasons we love, admire and respect your predecessor. *have someone look it up for you*
I'm pretty sure if Obama had been the president, Charlottesville attack will not had happen..
This tweet is crazy. It sounds like you're celebrating the long happy life of an olympic swimmer. She was mowed down by a terrorist. #resign
I am no fan of Trump by any means and even want him gone. Yet to your tweet I must ask, wtf are you going on about?
I am troubled by his tone. It would be nice to have a president who responded w/ the appropriate gravity to situations and could lead.
His tweet was in honor of the girl who died. What did you want him to say? There is plenty to call him out on but this isn't it.
It's about emotional capability. A president needs to be able to handle this better. I stand by this. This tweet has a crazy tone.

Obama wasn't there for Bengazi! Gimme a break! That whole event was awful! All of it was for nothing! No one should have been there!
Yet you didn't condemn her murderer
You dirtbag trump should not speak her name
Probably hurts you to say that!

Did Hope write this?
I doubt if you represent Veterans. Most love our President and your organization doesn't represent our military.....Go find a liberal area
What did her family say when you spoke with them Mr. President?
Don't pander to the left. It will get you nothing but contempt from both sides.
Don't even say her name.
not what you said the other day! Domestic terrorists remember? Not the guys with guns, clubs, torches from out of town
Even when you tweet something nice it always comes with caveats.
Check out the hottest porn around
Her blood on your hands. How's your conscience?
How DARE you even mention her name!
How dare you #fakepresident and hypocritical liar.
But according to you it was her fault too. #ImpeachTrump
your hypocrisy is nauseating.  you dishonor her by your words!
Why don't you provide protection for this beleagured woman?
Oh yeah you didn't even know her name except one of those bad lefty whose behavior was "really bad" you're a disgraceful bigot who must go!
Weak & ineffectual as always. #TrumpResign  #AnnulmentNow
Did an intern write this shallow vapid comment? Nothing somber or feeling about it. Her blood is on your hands #resign #25thAmendmentNow
Can't wait for yours
Another hostage statement? #alittletoolate
You do know how she died, right?
What about insurance companies they are making billions in profit????
We won't let you forget that you compared her to Nazis, you biggot.
The only problem, Mr Trump, is I can't believe your words. To me you seem to be part of suprematics. You only have to admit.
Stop it. This doesn't pass the sniff test. You don't give a shit. #TrumpLies
So disingenuous after comparing HER activity to the Nazis present there. This is why her mom won't talk to you. Not a brain teaser!
But not u right? I'm surprised u knw her name. Did u have to ask an advisor for that. Pathetic!
Nobody is falling for this
is lying again. Trump has no sympathy for Heather. He defends the Nazi who has murdered her.
You have her blood on your tiny, little weak hands. Too much of a coward to go and give her respect at the service. #NaziPresident #Impeach
The family will always have that sink hole in there lives;.............,....;.../......dems
Why do you tweet that, you don't mean it. Just a case of going to arrive at golf  club  soon what can I do.
Can I get an Amen... wait what?
what an INCREDIBLE, SICKENING HYPOCRITE you are!
All real Americans are behind our president and support him fully through think and thine. Only the cowards are anti Americans . Go45
Hopefully as the courageous woman who took down your American-hating Nazi regime.  Oh, and no one is buying your BS tweet either, hypocrite
U r sooooo outta touch with the REAL America. Get out. Resign like the rest of ur billionaire pos buddies. We don't need/want u
Who are you kidding? Next week you won't remember her name or what happened to her. LIAR.
She died due to your hateful rhetoric that gives the AOK to Nazis, KKK and so on to carry on their hateful ways.
If you had a shred of decency, you would've showed up to the memorial service. Face the music.
You don't give a damn about her, just the "good" neo-nazis.
this make me want to vomit
Yet you stand by the ideology that killed her! You are a horror inflicted upon America.
You didn't even know who she was nor what she stood for. Totally alien to you! She was courageous, liberal, caring, stuff u know nothing off
Why weren't you there?  Can't take the heat? Resign!
Why does everything u say about a wmn include her looks? "She was beautiful." Would it be different if she were butt ugly? Your tone= wrong.
Evil is in the mind of all people but it's the soul of the persons character that divides him for following the crowd and take a higher road
Find it repugnant that you can say her name when you did not instantly denounce her killers #hypocrite #HeatherHeyerAlwaysMattered


Yup didn't even attend her service!
Too bad her mother hates you and will never speak to her because you called her daughter a terriirist! Trump needs to go!
How dare you even speak that lovely girls name with your foul, evil mouth.
Too little too late
gross to capitalize on the death of someone whose demise you flamed the fires of. you make me sick #worstpresidentofalltime #trumpmeansvomit
These words are true, but coming from you mean nothing in light of your other comments. You're trying to gain political points.#hypocrite
You killed her.
you have not honored her in any way shape or form!! Empty rhetoric!!!

Trump must be isolated. Resistance every day. The end is near but must keep pressure high.
Empty words coming from a white supremacist!
Her mother doesn't want you to talk to her or about her daughter whom you slammed in your speech..
Memorial Svc?Her mother wont even speak to a hateful monster like you! Dont act like u care anyone but yourself #CensureTrump #ImpeachTrump
@POTUS #NAZIPOTUS #IMPEACHTRUMP
All you trump voters is this what you really wanted
Ghezzzzzzzz you are sooooo fake
But the important thing is what her mom said about you on Twitter, right?
The first thing you choose to comment on his her physical appearance? Not surprising, which is sad.
I don't get why everyone can't get along and accept trump. Even if he dosnt make it Mike pence will take over so we might as well accept him
It's bullshit they want to do that.
#FakeTweet
You only called during the funeral. You talked more about what you said about heather, than personally talking to her family. SELFISH!!!
Please resign.
I wonder why her mother won't take your calls?

Please join together In prayer for our President, his family, our country, and all of you who know what is going on here.
...Hipocrat!
Like you 'give a s__t right?You tone deaf bigot,White Supremacist inabler #MuellersISComing  @GOP @DNC TAXES PLEASE!Thanks @IvankaTrump
could you be any more FAKE?
She should never been there.  Protesters were not wanted or needed.  Statues left alone would never Happened. Hummmmm
Hipócrita! You have no feelings Mr. trump
You never shook off your father's slum lord manners. Favorite pass time insulting everyone. This is an insult coming from you!
Seriously only about how she looks not about what she was fighting for or anything
Nazi
You don't deserve to speak her name
Why aren't you there? Obama and Bush would have attended. Apparently your vacation is too important to interrupt.

I almost forgot. RESIGN TODAY!!!!

With all our hearts we pledge to do our best to end hate, racism from any organized group of people that promote violence and destruction
How good of you to add about the memorial service AFTER you've tweeted about anything else you could think of. You're one SAD MAN
You are the greatest President Trump
...beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer who was murdered by "very fine people?" #FakePresident
She will not have died in vain. We'll make damn sure of that. You don't deserve to say her name.
All but the Trump's
