Thank you Robert Mueller!!
Thank you for disgracing your kids. http://ir.net/news/politics/126572/report-ivanka-don-jr-eric-implicated-ny-money-laundering-investigation/ …
Keep thanking the 33% who support you. The rest of us are working hard to remove you.
Your time is coming.
Yep. Interesting—note how Sessions is presumably no longer "beleaguered" as soon as he bent to il Douche of Orange's will?
Also, thankfully, he's finally found some time to tweet during his working vacation. I do miss his timely and insightful commentaries.
He shld get some rest from all that golf & winning he's been doing over last 200 days. Really exhausting—even for a high energy individual.
I hear they're doing some renovations at the "dump" to better accommodate his Orange Majesty
He's already spent over half of what Obama spent on trips in both terms, and it's only taken him six months. An achievement, really.
The achievement is with all those trips, he somehow managed to get more done than Barry did in 8 years... 
The only major thing Trump has even attempted since taking office was reducing health coverage. Not sure where your facts are coming from.
Well he's repealed SJ Res. 34, allowing ISPs to gather our private information without permission, but I wouldn't call that a good thing.
He's also pulled out of the Paris agreement, but I wouldn't call that a good thing.
he's tried to get trans folk banned from the military.. which I don't think is good.
Working hard. HAHAHA

Hmmmm.
#ElizabethCarlise ?



The Greatest President Ever 
America is back !
I just remembered why his hair colour bothered me. It's the colour of dead white rats in formaldehyde from biology class.
you're a Brit, you don't have a say about our President
I'm a Brit who lives on the same planet that trump is going out of his way to f*ck up.
this guy seems angry @SecretService
who nicole
Jim's oldest girl. Just graduated from  Liberty University. She did a semester abroad in Paris but didn't like it They are very proud.
Thank you! And big thx to Donald! T, w/out your references to non-existent  friends & retweets of bots, this tweet wouldn't be possible.
No! See? REAL.
Do you mean Thank You Obama for the great jobs numbers & strong economy?
Trump promised he would fight for the LGBT community, & instead banned trans soldiers from the military against the advice of generals.
It is disgusting that the fake Seth Rich story was spread with the help of the White House. They have no room to complain about fake news.
This must be the echo chamber that I have heard so much about.

If @Protrump45 is a young black woman from New Jersey named Nicole. Then I'm actually @BarackObama
Hard for the Secret Service to protect @realDonaldTrump from himself when he allows anyone who compliments him into his room.
R.I.P. "Nicole from New Jersey".
thank you Obama.
Remember when our president was smart and so was his family.
Now the White House is filled with imbeciles
Where'd you get the idea Sesame St. or Playdough would use the word imbecile?
Fox 'news'?
Hahahahaha.  good one, Mike.
Mike O wins!
So Trumpers think the word "imbecile" is a "fancy" word!!   Somehow, this seems ironic... 
3 Years, 5 Months, 14 Days, 17 Hours, 58 Minutes, and 55 Seconds
When he is elected another 4 years 
LOL!! Nope. Even the Republicans are getting ready to run against him.
Ehh let's just see

The link. The RNC is running against Trump. LOL!

The funniest thing? Mueller will make sure he doesn't even make it to get kicked out.
America loves President Trump!!!
No, you, the willfully ignorant might but America no no we don't
Sorry to burst your bubble lil man, but America = We The People! And #WeThePeople voted for our Prez with u snowflakes left crying about it!
Yet OUR candidate is sitting in the White House & yours is NOT.  Chew on THAT, pumpkin! And brace yourself for 2020. Meltdown mode 4 sure! 
I thought u were working. Seems like you're just tweeting. Maybe you can't concentrate w/ all that #GrandJury thing hanging over u.
Oh, I see ... she's selling #Trump gear. Sure, give her a little shout out. Raising monies for your defense fund?
Actually, in thinking more about this, know the country would be much better off if you took a permanent vacation. Deal?
We don't have judges ruling that people can have acid thrown on them, actually.
Really?  Show me the article about how it is no longer a crime to throw acid on someone, in either country, in any circumstance.
Crickets
Congrats on the high praise from Nicole sir
This validates his greatness for me. I was on the fence til @Protrump45 provided her high praise. Job well done! #MAGA #FART
Next Trump will demand voting rights for his bots.
I'm not positive the bots didn't vote for him!
get back to work
He has never left work you nit wit
what if he has to pee
He needs hookers for that
Or TV extras...




Trump continues to retweettroll/bots that boldly score 10/10
Not impressed
The truth of #TrumpRussia
Continues to stare US in the face of
Which app are you using for determining bots?
https://makeadverbsgreatagain.us/mlp/ 
@conspirator0 created it. Good follow.
This site is interesting too:
http://dashboard.securingdemocracy.org/ 
#Awareness
#Resistance

She's a BOT.  Someone finally realized their bot needs a human to take the wheels for a minute. "She's" using a stock model profile pic.
Yep
Hahahaha!!  It's probably Rump "quoting" himself.. 
just like when he used to call into radio stations
pretending to be someone else
Nicole is Trump's friend Jim's brother, second cousin to John Barron.
LMAO
I just realized I said Nicole is Jim's *brother*. Oh well, I just added a bit of drama into their otherwise boring fictitious lives. 
Philippians 4:23
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with you all. #Amen.
Romans 5:8
But #God demonstrates His own #love toward us, in that while we were still #sinners, #Christ died for us.
It's really difficult but I have to resist posting my true thoughts about this tool. I can only hope that he cuts me out. @peplamb is a bot
Isaiah 9:6
For unto us a Child is born, #Unto us a Son is given; And the #government will be upon His [1/3]
Nicole is a Russian bot.
It’s such a fake account. A few of us looked into “her” recently. I think they just set it up to make money.
lol . sad you cant even believe a person is real because they dont agree with your opinions....go ahead call me a racist now..im waiting
It's a bot.
So the person Trump retweeted today that's accused of being a bot. She joined Twitter in January, a full blown Trump believer.
In addition…
Nicole is also a model @protrump45 

@williamlegate 
#TrumpRussia and a shadowy business partner - #FelixSater, #TevfikArif
#AlexanderMashkevich, suspected of organizing sex party on luxurious yacht seized by Turkish police - #TevfikArif
Inside #DonaldTrump's Empire: Why He Didn't Run for President in 2012
#DonaldTrump Used Model Parties to Seal Deals, Industry Sources Say
This doesn't go away, @realDonaldTrump 

The Untold Story of #TrumpModelManagement
Former #TrumpModels for Donald Trump’s Agency Say They Violated Immigration Rules and Worked Illegally
.@realDonaldTrump, did you really think your #HumanTrafficking & #MoneyLaundering wouldn't catch up to you once you became president?
She's a bot you dummy... reverse google search her image. It's attached to like 100 twitter profiles lmao
@DonaldTrump has  the best bots, fantastic bots. Aren't they the most beautiful bots you've ever seen? And Russia paid for them.  

They'll be hell toupé but we shall overcomb!!!


https://twitter.com/SInow/status/894006754350157825 …
It is because she is outspoken supportive and posts awesome stuff like this. They do not want people getting ideas. Too bad it is too late.
She was a fake twitter bot...
Really... please tell me how hard golfing is and yelling at the tv really can be.
Here's a man that's exactly like your common working man.. just your average blue collar worker
Donny how's that investigation going? I hear they found enough evidence to get a grand jury. But it's "fake" right?
Grand juries r in session ALL the time in major cities....
yeah, but not for Collusion and with @POTUS son, son-in-law and former campaign manager. opps.
The Clintons r gonna be sorry they started this whole thing, chk my page 4 news the MSM is NOT reporting
How can anyone argue that Hillary shouldn't be in jail after watching this? This is also just 1 of her MANY proven crimes. #LockHerUp! 
LOL
U know the old saying, "u can bring a horse 2 water......"
wtf trump does twitter shout outs now?? lol
Giving a shout out to his supporters shows he has class, #TrumpTrain #Maga.
honestly better to see appreciation tweets than constant fake news tweets 
If your tired of fake news tweets stop following CNN and most other media. #Maga #trumptrain

What the hell. Using my profile picture with out my permission this is sick. What's your point? You've been reported
Lol you put it up  it's public. Your account is public. First amendment or some shit right?
Mind explaining your reasoning for putting it up other than being a troll

Держите мечтать
Nicole is a fake account. It's paid for by you!!!!! You're insane!!! Holy sht!!! 
Actually a real account & a real person. With more class than any hater on here. #patriots numbers are growing. We will #Maga so get over it
Actually I follow her and know she's not a not. I know hard to believe that people don't agree with u and actually love this country #maga
That image is being used by a lot of different accounts
It's so obvious that it's a fake account. And yet she attacks me for stating a fact. I blocked mcook... she's incapable of being polite
She's basically going up and down the thread and insulting people 

Coming at you like that citing "class" is just stupid
I have patience for that nonsense. That's why I blocked her.
THANK YOU ROBOT WHO I PAID TO FOLLOW ME AND TWEET COMPLIMENTS!!!
Nicole is unavailable at this time. Would you like an automated compliment from a different provider?
The only way to MAGA is to jail this fraud and all his fraudster lackeys
#AmericaFirst #MAGA
But you don't matter to him.
How would you know, you are irrelevant and should delete your account today! #Snowflake #AntiAmerican #Loser #Antifa #ResistTheResistance
The #Resist is a big lie!
#ACLU #resist #Impeach45 #IStandWithPP #iMissObama #progressive
#CrookedHillary 
#MAGA #TrumpTrain
Sweetie, I'm not crying! I'm getting ready for the grand jury and watching the whole criminal family empire go to prison
You gon be disappointed
Instagram today working on NK sanctions and ACA #Notmypresident
Did this girl get suspended by twitter after being retweeted by POTUS?
UPDATE —According to Buzzfeed blowhards:
Nasty habit you have there, BuzzFeed.
Hahahahaha. I don't.
Retweet if you love Trump
He has passed 0 pieces of economic legislation, so the economy is 100% thanks to obama
Go to work.
LOVE you Mr President! We have your back more than ever, despite fake polls, and censorship of your supporters on every major platform #MAGA
Oh yeah we do!!
#ALWAYS #MAGA #ALLDAYEVERYDAY
Love our president trump!!
50 days, Obama signed several major bills: pay equity, stimulus; 4 million kids got HC, budget passed. Trump accomplished GOLF, destroy USA.
You see @realDonaldTrump the difference is President Obama really cared about the people & You only care about yourself. Please Resign Trump
That's like, really shitty logic. We existed without electricity for a long time, doesn't mean we should get rid of it now.

At least I can express thoughts through word and not shitty memes.
"Rotten e-cards"? E-card?? So what's your AIM away message?
Awwwwwwww, did we hurt your widdle feelings? 

#LiberalLogic #SafeSpace #Crybaby #Snowflakes
Nah my day has been pretty good so I'm not hurt at all. Hope you have a good day
Good to hear! But, if you ever have another bad #Trump day, try this. It's a gift. I hear it works wonders. It's no fun hurting.  Ta-ta! 
The fact that potus is looking at thousands of individual people responding to his own tweets is a disgusting misuse of time. #ImpeachTrump
We miss Obama and you Joe. America is being embarrassed by that idiot in the WhiteHouse. You should of ran Joe
Dear @realDonaldTrump: I hate to tell you this but Nicole is a Twitter bot.
You'd think he'd keep better track of the women he pays for. Hasn't he learned that if you're not careful, things like pee pee tapes show up
How awesome for him to respond! ;) love this President!
How awesome, he responds to bots he pays for. So awesome!!!!!



I love that you thank bots, that's so adorable, dummy.
This is very alarming given that the data show Russian-directed bot accounts pick up their activity when they know POTUS to be on Twitter!
"Nicole" is a bot hahahaha
I just opened Twitter and saw this his tweet at the top-o-my-page and wigged out for sec. I was like WTF did I do to get thanked??? lmfaooo
I wish he DID thank you hahah
It really took me a minute to get oriented. After all, I am the only "Nicole" in the wide world. 
You're the only Nicole I like :)
I better be!
Thnks u @AlecBaldwin


I seem to have blocked this person at some point in the past. I'm sure that means she's "charming".
By charming you mean a Russian bot....yes??
I just heard!  - I can't wait until the person whose picture the bot used raises holy hell. (Apparently it's a stock photo.)
Unless she's real?  She keeps tweeting at him. But mostly I think she's a bot
Some of them are hybrids. They're set to auto-reply every so often, but an actual person is monitoring in case a good "bite" comes along.
Jesus! She's totally set then.  One of the very first to respond
I guess I need to unblock her to observe this weird ass event that I'm depressed to say will make history books. .
I just DM a pic of her
The money made from this fake person's acct probably goes to pay trump's legal fees. How many of these accts are trump's?
He uses campaign funds to pay bills especially legal fees.  It has been reported and confirmed.  He thinks it is ok.
I read that, but isn't it legal?
Maybe but seems unethical . People give $ to help someone get elected not kept out of legal woes.  No different than diverting from charity.
It's definitely unethical
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha That account is now suspended!
Deedee! lol.
It's made my day 

Thank you propaganda bot used to sell pro Trump merchandise and post pro Trump memes that has now been suspended*

*Nicole
Thank you fake profile! 
we need justice brought to Comey and Lynch! New docs at ACLJ shows more obstruction to set the narrative of airport meeting
Somebody needs to eat Lynch up for 'lunch' in a court of law. Lock em up

BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!
http://www.rawstory.com/2017/08/twitter-suspends-army-of-fake-accounts-after-trump-thanks-propaganda-bot-for-supporting-him/ …
.
@realDonaldTrump should stick to RT'ing @foxandfriends ... at least they technically exist
LMAO....how pathetic....any other "Imaginary Friends" you want to quote?
Is this the bot you thanked? Do you need Cliff Notes on how to recognize a bot? You've got millions of them!
Even your fans are FAKE. Sad.

#FakePresident 
#illegitimatePresident
#TrumpRussia
You do know that "Nicole" is a bot?? Another woman's image was stolen and used to build this fake account. Twitter has suspended the account
They can have my account. @POTUS reaching out 2 citizens; who never thought their voice could be heard. @Twitter like a child throwing a fit
Ohh..no. What happened to Nicole's tweet? It was an acct set up with someone's stolen identity. The real woman isn't even a Trump supporter.
Retweeting fake accounts?Tsk tsk. Not very presidential. Is she part of your growing base that's stronger than ever?
"Nicole" is a fake account that has been suspended! But what can you expect from a Fake President! 

The fake bot account @protrump45 that @realDonaldTrump thanked on Saturday has been suspended https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/893970139565129730 …
Thank you, #NicoleMincey! So sorry that your fraudulent #Twitter account was suspended!
BWAHAHA.  Bot followers. So funny. FAKE BASE. bwahahaha. #TrumpLies
Haha she deleted the tweet.   Thank you Nicole.  Pass the cheetos fatboy
You mean *this* Nicole?
Twitter suspends army of fake accounts after Trump thanks propaganda ‘bot’ for supporting him http://www.rawstory.com/2017/08/twitter-suspends-army-of-fake-accounts-after-trump-thanks-propaganda-bot-for-supporting-him/ …
Tweet unavailable because account was suspended 
This tweet is unavailable because you retweeted a bot!
Hundreds of thousands of fake robot followers. Ahh Donny, is it that lonely at the top? Imaginary friends.
He’s too stupid to realize this was a bot.
you just thanked a scam artist who committed identify thief. Good values there. #TickTockJusticeClock
Lol. That Russian bot you tweeted has already been removed from Twitter. You're a joke. 
We're w/ @realDonaldTrump Is Twtr  hiding & obstructing the biggest movement from those who want to Make America Great Again!? @TeamTrump
Our positive tweets and retweets for @realDonaldTrump and for @POTUS are being deleted by Twitter
lmao.. I guess his fake news gets countered by fake tweets

@RealityLuvr  WHAT mischief have you gotten into? You know that orange sob can't take a joke...because he is a joke
Lol not me!  That was the account of the bot he thanked.
FAKE ACCOUNT -- Who you talking to?  A damn Russian BOT??
Oops! Looks like Nicole, the young black woman entrepreneur supporting Trump. was fake news!
#Trump retweeted a fake account, thanking a bot account which had stolen the real Nicole Mincey's identity.
Thank You bot Nicole for making #45 a laughing stock for intelligent people everywhere.
This tweet did not age well, now did it? 

I thought you were intelligent... you *said* you are, after all.
What happened to Nichole?? Oh, that's right. She wasn't a real person. No a real follower. Like 50% of your other followers.
Fake president thanks fake person- that sounds about right..
Super Duped.
Like most of your Twitter followers, this one is fake, don. BTW, the tRump/Russia collusion investigation continues.
Who posted that fake profile for you? Bannon, Kush,? Obvious you knew someone made it FOR YOU. Illegal & they can trace IP ADDRESS.
Bring a bot to work week yet?
You thanked a BOT & the account is suspended now! hahahaha

#ClassicTrump
Thanks a bot.  Classic.
How low can you stoop to compliment Russian bot trolls.
bots gettin deleted like
Trump, how can you keep this tweet up?
You don't realize how bad it makes you look?
This is all fake!
He thanks a Russian bot!  Good one, Donny.
Are you even aware that you thanked a bot whose account has now been suspended by Twitter? Sad.
BWAHAHAHAHA!  You're thanking a fake Trumphumper account!
Trump working hard to make United States the biggest joke....ever....sad
Talks shit on "fake news" yet retweets fake twitter accounts 
Nothing my president says should be censored!!! Now, I'm really angry. Oh, dear!!! Deport all sympathizers. AMERICAN OR NOT!!!
POTUS Trump wont be impeached.. article posted is putting a spin on a fabricated dream of Mueller's team... keep dreaming..@Impeach_D_Trump
This is funny. "Nicole" was the company marketing YOUR campaign merchandise. 
You're retweeting Russian bots now?  LOL!  You couldn't fail harder than this if you were actually trying to.
Lovely, you thanked a bot!  If you only had a brain!
You retweeted a bot hence the deletion.
Nicole is a (Russian) bot, but good for you for not having any ties to Russia whatsoever.
#weakestPOTUSever
#TrumpRussia
#ButHisEmails
Hmph...Account Suspended. Bot?
Appears so.
Oops. Looks like you just retweeted a fake account, that now has been removed by Twitter.
And looks like YOU actually killed it in the process #MAGA 
@CNNnewsroom who is Nicole Mincey or @AlexandriaM0ra http://www.vogue.com/article/trump-twitter-bots-fake-accounts-nicole-mincey … is it @OMAROSA? SAD!
thanking your bot accounts. that's cute.
Why was the tweet deleted? Is Twitter is a commie company ?
Your link doesn't work
Way to go, thanking your most stalwart supporters - bots!
Why tf did Nicole delete the tweet?
Bwahaha!!!
You're and idiot. #ProTrump45
Since Nicole is a fake, who's minding the shop @ protrump45?  Don't bother calling, all you'll get is a busy signal.  844-775-7725
Poor Nicole. You caught the Eye of the Mighty Dragon..for talking to our Fearless Leader...
You thanked a fake bot with a photoshopped profile pic based on a stolen identity. Wow. Just wow.
Hatefilled left is hammering twitter......which make us stronger and more come to our side, as they see the behavior and intolerence of Dems
What happened to her tweet? Is she not real? Another imaginary friend like Jim? Or Pickle?
Yep Obamas not anymore. Heads of departments can't run their own agendas. Oh my gosh they have to run the presidents now.
Apparently "Nicole" is one of "John Barron's" relatives.
Hey Trump, where did your friend Nicole go?
Yeah, Mr. Super Genius, you thanked a propaganda bot which got its account yanked for being fake. What a maroon.
That account suspended. So in addition to fox fake news for propaganda you are now using fake twitter accounts? Does Nicole know Jim!
That awkward moment when you thank a BOT for their support.
A bot.  How fitting.  A fake supporter, for a fake president.  Or should I say; a soon to be impeached, and jailed - fake president. #Resign
Ha ha you thanked a bot! You have a bunch of them following you. You're going to go broke buying friends
