Main event:
Trump vs Soros

Did you also call the families. What would enhance this topic would be know the # of military given their lives vs  # calls you made in 2017
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the be...
I am in!!  Go President Trump!
Insurance companies make checks out to our mortgage companies so we can't get our house is repaired from the hurricanes in Florida
POLICE ARE DYING BECAUSE  YOUUUU CALLED FOR A WAR ON YOUR OWN PEOPLE. TELL EM TO NOT WORRY ABOUT "SUSPECTS" HEADS AGAIN.
If your a bigger lover go to afacai
God bless you Mr President.
. '
The devil is in the detail
Evil human.  Wait til you meet you maker
Please stop companies from using over seas answering services,  they r taking jobs from American people..
It's appalling , Shame on  you Mr President.
Mr President; why to the "best america produces" end up dead under your watch?
Shall up man
That's how a president responds to a tragic loss of officers who have lost their lives on duty. Unlike Obama who fueled racism and BLM
This is terrorism that must be punished!
media reporting for weeks that it's harmful to view the eclipse without protection but its fake news right? Stare at it trump. its safe... 

You are an ass
@PressSec died bc of nazi white supremist those that trump says are fine ppl god help us looking 4 a job yet might want to
Mr. Prez gotta love Mr. Andrew Youngs words about you! Not everybody is blind. We got your back.
while I support you as my president. I wish you were more tactful with your words.  tweet  less. Have more press briefings.
IDIOT
The last thing anyone wants to see is a tweet from a Russian Traitor and Nazi sympathizer.

God bless the fallen
Arrest Hillary please


You have created all this caos! People fighting each other, people marching for peace...does this make you happy? Does it boost your ego?
I loathe you. Well over HALF of our country loathes you. Just throw in the towel and admit you SUCK as a leader you peabrain
Not #cville PD kicking #1A permit cit shins PD refused exit behind PD, driven into violent Left illegal gauntlet & vehicle-blocked streets.
No confilences to police thy r licensed goons
So like... do you maybe wanna address the fact that your country literally has white supremacists? Idk seems important
Mr. Trump,
You are one of the greatest presidents the US has ever had. Ignore those who call you names and say they want you impeached.
Thank you for showing respect to the officers.
Resign? Expell @StephenBannon is that he tried aided me. He's expell is expell me from You. i can't support You. i want his back to before.
Cut salary several months....is my view.

Condolences to the families of those that lost loved ones today and to the VA State Police.
Well stated.
Prayers
doesn't the same police shoot poc bc they are scared rookies
Return all Indian employees my country is back ward in development
Blame yourself
You're responsible for their deaths. You support hate. As long as you're in office, America continues to suffer. #fuckfacevonclownstick
Trumps kids r Jews.. he's NOT a Racist!!!Trumps long time assistant is Black & she loves him ! Heraldo Rivera said he's not Racist!
Stop attacking Trump!!! Trump is keeping US ALL SAFE fr Nuclear War w N Korea!!! U don't whitewash history!! He is Best president
#ignorange
Resign
In my opinion a good leader knows how to get along with people.
HAVING THE ABILITY TO LEAD INCLUDES MORE THAN JUST GETTING THINGS DONE. LEADING IN CHAOS JUST DON'T CUT IT WITH ME. I'M TIRED OF CHAOS.
I 100% believe in you and the fabulous job you're doing despite the negativity from Media and Dems
Perhaps if you didn't slash funding for states and local police to deal with white supremacist groups, there would have been less dead
Putin must be enjoying the state of our country right now because Americans are killing each other in the streets
Stay the course Mr. PRESIDENT. I PRAY for you every evening. GOD bless you sir.
Please don't let the media and run is get you down.
To the msm.  Do not calculate You're poultry before due process of incubation has materialized.
Who told you to say that ,you feel nothing about it empathy is not your thing. The only person you care about is D J T self implode 
Before u said something check ur own country is the same bs
Mr. TRUMP...You Sir are Kaput, finished with. Your impeachment is imminently closer as the days close in on you. You did this to yourself.
#impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump
Listen:
I support you
WHAT WAS OBAMA'S RESPONSE TO THE PROTESTORS THAT WERE DESTROYING BUILDINGS & STEALING  EVERYTHING NOT NAILED Down DURING HIS TERM?
Where do you come up with that  vocabulary?   Farmers produce?
bad luck
They are amongst the best...why aren't you, Trump?
Just found out our socialist mayor doesn't want the man I voted for in Phoenix gonna make it my business to be there now
I will meet you trumpsir
Why don't you get off you phone, stop tweeting, show up, and stand up for ALL the people of this country that you were elected to represent!
Mr.trumpet, you don't accept your mistakes. .always blamed the media..big mouth, thin skin..shame..
Mr.trumpet,  everything you said it comes from your mouth,  and you don't accept your mistakes..shame.
Mr. Trumpet,  yeah,  you're right..you are the greatest business man , and the greatest man filing for bankruptcy. .shame.


More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
Thank you for your comments to our fallen police officers, Mr Presisint. It is a relief to have a leader that cares
Did you talk to the family as Obama would have done?
" In an age of universal deceit speaking the truth becomes a revolutionary act" George Orwell
Stop antifa and BLM
Ahh the trolls are out the one who made this mess was Obama who dived us so plz
Condolences for Heather but deepets condolences for policemen killed. Is there no depths this democratic President cannot stoop DISPICABLE?
I Love that You Are Fighting For Our Freedom!
Fly flag at half mast! A leader follows through words with action! I still support you.
Like you care.
About its people.
This country is going to hell in a hand basket because of you and you don't care. Step down and let someone run this country that cares
I have never been more disgusted by someone as I have by you. You continue to boost your own ego rather than try to unify your country. This
DT there blood is on your hands you f--k. I know the world is wrong and your always right. WRONG!
God bless the POTUS may he contininue to drain the swamps of the Obamanites the Hilerites the Clintonites and of all evil and liberalism.
You are doing great Mr. President!!
Air footage .@TerryMcAuliffe didn't want world to see? Investigate
Mr President your right there was two sides to this horrible tragedy and the media and other lawmakers are wrong and thank you
Thanks you Mr President your the only one who got this bad thing right
Oh you mean those in uniform that LET THAT HAPPEN? That stood around and did as little as possible??? Those?
You are among the absolute worst this country produces....Please just go away.
Own it you are thanked by David Duke because you are one of them. Racism must go in America.  You are a racist brought to be so
Please sign an executive order to protect all national monuments and throw in jail vandals
Love and respect My POTUS45!
Please resign
Really who wrote that for you

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
Your followers!
Fake compassion from a fake president.
And you're among the worst. #resign
Thank you for speaking the truth in spite of the way the lying liars come at you. I don't know how you do it. 
Deepest condolences there's no depth 2 you,  u r the most shallow "man" 2have ever taken office greed pettiness vindictiveness hate drives u
Obama's tweet got 30 times the approval, you impotent bigot.
Insincere platitudes  sound like so much bullshit. If you can't think, plagiarize an Obama statement like your wife does.
Say it out loud to the press.....do something presidential.

While @realDonaldTrump was defending the KKK, SPC Allen Stigler Jr. (22) & SGT Roshain Brooks (30) were killed in Iraq. #VetsAgainstTrump 

Keep shining we need you so bad!
Love my president. Keep repairing the damage.
What about #heatherheyer ?
Has anyone figured out why caused their helicopter to crash? Were they shot down by ANTIFA/George Soros' Army?
You are right about this. Stand your ground. We love you!
@AE_Becca oh my b, and this one retweet from the Nazi sympathizer-in-chief
You want a definition of Alt Right. I will provide you one Hateful 45. The definition for Alt Right is simple. Alt Right=Donald Trump.
Tramb you don't human but women
I hate you
Obama created this mess
U created the new violence! Only you and your team in the WH.
SO BAD!
8 countries respondent to the incident in Charlottesville within 12 hours. Past presidents have done it within 1 hour. That's all it takes
Stay focused. Stop stepping all over your agenda with fights you don't need. Have you heard the expression "You're your own worst enemy"
Destroying the monuments is equivalent to censorship! At least place them in museums.
So nice of you to include the young lady that was run down. Oh wait, you didn't.

All from the first Nazi President of the USA, a man with big heart FOR NAZI'S and white supremacists. So sad!
You are supporting all this bad feelings.. pray and try to find peace for you and for all people
Hush little baby- dont say a word
Thank you everyone I know supports your statement. The Fake News is just bull !
