You really need to stop watching Fox and Friends. Your love of that show and blind faith in it is literally hurting America.
Putin out you in office.
Donald Rump will always be in Obama’s shadow.
Haven’t you done that too years ago? I’d bet you donated more to Clinton Foundation than veterans before the votes started mattering.
Why don't you try focusing on all the bad people who donated to your campaign?
Lock her up m8!

Thanks for renewing my utter disdain for you first thing in the morning.

OMG
Lies.
AG Sessions needs to get on top of this and other Clinton/Obama security violations to National Security..prosecutions ahead!!
Not during a campaign& as far as I know the Foundation is run by the husband, not Hillary. No crime here!! No collusion, Treason,obstruction
Apparently they sent it to you according to your son. He was sure to say it was “pouring in”.
Yes and we are wondering why they haven't arrested the real criminals. We sat here for years tallying up crimes from the Obamas Admin
You fool..
Hey #PropagandaPrince how do you have time for anything else?
This is more evidence of your tertiary syphillis. Seriously, get yourself checked out.
Stop watching so much goddamn tv.
Lies lies lies. Lying Trump

Impeach!!!
TICK TOCK Clintons!
Finally most of America is aware YOU SOLD 20% of OUR Uranium to RUSSIA & kept the $150Million for yourselves. #LockHerUp

America knows who colludes with Russia! Crooked Hillary Clinton
Get ready to #LockHerUp
President Trump will take down Hillary and her crooked cronies one by one
Diversion #trumprussia
Aren't you the president or is that Fake News too?  Praying.
Let’s find out how they did it so you can learn how to send the $25,000 you promised to the Gold Star family.
#FakeRussiaDosier listen
OUR PRESIDENT IS CLOAKED IN THE PROTECTION OF GOD ALMIGHTY AND THE EVIL CAN NOT TOUCH HIM
WE WILL KEEP HIM IN OUR PRAYERS
GOD BLESS AMERICA!
That moment when you read the dumbest tweet in defense of the "commander of grief"
Not a factual report. ANOTHER IMPLANTED FAKE STORY planted by Russia.
And - hey Fox News, try telling truth instead of conspiracy theories.
so once again you are passing fake news..they are investigating it but no proof as yet ..and if so it was for charity.. thats good news
So what and how do you know this??
And away we go!
Stop watching TV, and do your fucking job.
Debunked. New deflection material sorely needed.
Anything to divert attention from your insane comments and lack of compassion and lack of leadership. What next??
Yep and you're going to jail. Funny how that shit works....
Wow! The real collusion is on the surface! 
THAT'S ALWAYS WHERE THE SCUM SETTLES, ON THE SURFACE!
Where’s indictment?
#ComradePodesta received money from rusnano a Russian government owned business Mueller hid Russia bribery scandal from congress
Prove it tough guy
Investigate and Lock Them Up if guilty of anything.  Investigate and LOCK YOU UP, first!
Only ones getting locked up will b in your party.
This is the scathing indictment that should be the Media's focus.
Don't remind me. Hey, now we get to chat about Jared and Ivanka's emails.
Nothing gets much O-2, because every day with Dump it's something new.
Hi Donald, it’s my birthday! Resign to make it a happy happy happy one? 
Happy Birthday, but I doubt you'll want Pence as president.
He should take all of his administration with him to Mar-o-Lago and leave us alone.
You should stop sounding so bitter and get on with your life.
Keyword here.... @foxandfriends.....
A lot of bad people donate money to different charities.  It doesn't make the charity "bad".
What exactly is the narrative that you are trying to show here?  Because someone donates to a charity doesn't mean that that charity support that person or that group.  I'm not sure where you are trying to go here.
If Bin Laden gave money to the Red Cross, would that mean the Red Cross is corrupt?
SMH..
FAKE NEWS! Crooked Trump is lying again.
He is No. 1 liar
When has he lied before? Did he ever say that there are more than 2 genders?
Did he ever say that he was an expert on biology?
No therefore he never lied about that either
Where is the proof of the transcript by the way? 

@PressSec : There are no transcripts.
Yes they did! But AG is still allowing tax dollars to be wasted in the search of "Trump Collusion."
Russia or certain people in Russia ?


MR PRESIDENT why  the D.O.G is not investigating Hillary and the Democrats why we're not enforcing all immigration law
Thank you, Mr. President, for continuing to work for the American people no matter how upset the politicians and media get!
But they elected you. Traitor
can we investigate the plane full of cash for IRAN that flew in the middle of the night to raise less noise? 
What about the 6 billion she took  when she was   leaving the  State Department.  Will she ever  get  charge for anything?
No Bank and No Business is too big to fail, and no CORRUPT POLITICIAN is be too big to be prosecuted. #UraniumOne should bring them DOWN.
DOJ....needs a shakeup..so justice can prevqil..OBAMA. CLINTONS INVOLVED WITH RUSSIA URANANIUM DEAL that paid off many in OBAMA WH..millions
that's a lie that was debunked but Fox doesn't care  about the truth. just makes you look like a moron... MORON.
Why don't you both just move to Russia? I'm sure you'll be very comfortable there.

Which was point of C.F., to take money from bad players and do good with it. Look up thier mission statement #maga
Liar! #PutinPuppet Why the Niger Coverup? #NaziConManMoronTrump Sent Rangers to their deaths with no intelligence reconnaissance! #SadTruth
Stop deflecting. Address your collusion with Russia & release your taxes #resist #RacistTrump #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
Active.propaganda.measures.compliments.of @POTUS!
U pothetic lier!
Have you shown @foxandfools you taxes?
That is not true.  Stop lying to America. Russia owns you.  But for Russia you would be not be in the WH raping us financially.  CROOK-LIAR

https://www.yahoo.com/news/m/954b5bb6-ea34-3b3e-ad80-d9d1ab387975/ss_trump%27s-popularity-takes-a.html …
The Conservative Media is not working for the People but to normalize the idea to END Democracy; to have a Dictatorship and favor Totalitarian control of the Government by White Wealthy anti American Nazis. Minions who listen to them have indeed lost their mind. They love Lies
Now thats fake newd
Citing Fox and Friends is like citing The Onion in a dissertation.
Mueller keep up the good work and indict the Moron.
Maybe you should offer Putin another 20% of nations Uranium. Wonder if that would get the attention of the dems.
Why are you still taking about Clinton? Don't you have a job to do?
the day U stop Tweeting compliments to yourself or attacks on Former Friends Clintons, i will knowUfinally know UR potus w/selfconfidence
Noone with a brain believes anything Fox News claims to be true.
YOU ARE SUCH A LIAR!
Fake News
To you both @realDonaldTrump @foxnew
@DonaldJTrumpJr had meetings with Russian spies. So many people within arm reach of @realDonaldTrump are going to jail soon. Pres Pence...
Pictures or it didn't happen
Source?
Lol
Didn't think so.
Laura and Donald Trump 
Huge LIES today
Am I surprised
HELL NO
you make me laugh. ni e try refect all u want. 76% of us see through you. i said before you were a sheep. once elected you became a wolf.
Grow up, man baby. Such a child.

@doedeer1664 trump fox news running story knowing it's a lie about guy giving u president seal glass wasn't in military like he said
@doedeer1664 you and fox knows story a lie ,you want us to believe them &u ,u lied that's why big mess kelly etc. Because u not congresswoma
Now let us know what Russia did for you?  #FakePresident
Obama knew Hillary was getting millions in kick backs....he's finally going to get what's coming to him.  He'll look good in orange.
You Republicans are dying to get Obama in some kind of SCANDAL!! 4yrs not 1 scandal!! Trump has about 3 and counting already..  President
Benghazi, IRS, Fast & Furious.....are you insane?
Please do your RESEARCH before you tweet PLEASE!! What President started Fast and furious first?? I’ll wait for your reply.. 
Bush...and Obama put his spin on it then hid it from Congress causing them to charge Holder with Contempt of Congress.
Oh, Bush started it but it’s Obama’s scandal?? I get it.. 
Bush tracked it...Obama let the guns go to Cartels without tracking Kent Terry is my friend.  His brother was killed bc of what Obama did.
Again pointing another way ... Away from your problems. Be a man stand up for yourself. Not he did it they did it. Admit you're wrong
Go get the clintons,got by with murder.

Mr President; where is the FBI & DoJ? These people and all the  corrupt in congress need to be prosecuted! Send them to Jail please!
Russia sent millions
@realDonaldTrump.      NK. IS. AN. ENEMY. ...IT. BECOME. MORE. DANGER. IN ACCORDANCE. WITH. USA. CHANCES
WHEN. USA...WILL. TAKE. A. FAITH. STEP. TO. BATTLE...2025...2030...2080...
Nope, Russia lent millions to Trump and now Putin owns your ass.
Can't fool us ... now let's get back to the Russia investigation ..Mueller is getting closer.
Go on.... do tell how much of your money is from laundering Russian money? Taxes please?
Everyone involved in the uranium one deal are the ones investigating you  .. DOJ needs to get off his ass and prosecute all players

@FoxNews promoted a #StolenValor fraud! THEY ARE THE #FAKENEWS as you are a #FakePresident #Resign!!!
Yeah,  why isn't media all over this? 
Don't fit the narrative,  as usual.
Mueller must have you scared!!


Really you got a billion so why so cheap.
Hey Dingbat ,do you Hillary who compared Putin to Hitler was selling uranium door to door  in Russia?
And to you.
PHONE TO PROTEST !

STOP the two trillion dollar heist from middle class !

Their Budget Bill gives ultra-rich the money it takes from us !
Private server to cover up phony donations (bribes)= deal goes through= personal profit for secretary of state!!! WAKE UP PEOPLE!!!
No one gives a shit about fox
You adding Chad to ur Muslim ban caused the withdrawal of the most important ally in that region and gave ISIS territory. You killed those 4
Speaking of $, where did all the money go that was supposedly going toward that Vet fundraiser event?
You just can't let her go can you? Maybe she'll visit you in jail?
لا اعتقد ذالك
Deflection...again. You need to stop this crap. Everyone sees through it.
You and your family corrupted the Electroal Process and have committed crimes against the Nation. # Lock them Up.
If you made this deal with Russians, you would have been impeached. Why is @jeffsessions not investigating. Ah he recused him self. Swamp.
#LockThemUp
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends
Where I where do you get this shit?
Saudi Arabia gave millions to Ivana foundation on your first foreign trip.
@Not2White @foxandfriends
So did you
"Watch me take any story against me and twist it, only way I'll care. I can be evil cause others are too." Classic guilty argument. #lies
Really? You're quoting @foxandfriends as gospel. #WORSTPRESIDENTINHISTORY no one needs to make this stuff up..it's right here on twitter.
Why don't you focus on telling us what happen in Niger rather than diverting by using Clintons.
PAY FOR PLAY! Obvious corruption & "criminal" activity! Lock em up!!!
Does deflection usually work for you? Doesn’t matter if you get the subject changed. You are not changing the job Mr Mueller is doing by deflecting.
.@foxandfriends "Russia spent millions to make sure Donald Trump became President" There, fixed it for you.
What about the money they sent the RNC?
The real collusion
Your son literally met with Russia to get dirt on your political opponent. Comeon.
Clinton is not POTUS.
LOL FOX! LOL You really are insane, aren't you?
Yeah it's correct
Not according to the #FakeNews  @CNN @maddow

DEFLECTION #motus
Russiagate got YOU elected you #fuckingmoron and we don’t want you! Please resign and satisfy 66 million who hate you! #25thAmendment
You realize Fox is an entertainment channel and has no obligation to report the facts. You should keep that in mind.
What are you going to do????
Yawn
Trump going to jail for colluding with the Russians his idiot son and the slimy weasel Jared Kushner y'all can have a drop the soap party
You retweet #FakeTwitterAccount and expect us to believe Fox News. The Clinton Foundation helps MILLIONS. How about the Trump Foundation?
Russia has done so much more for Trump.
We need DOJ bring the Clintons to thier knees for what they did to AMERICA
You are an illegitimate @potus
Jealous? Thought you were the main man?
Likely another of your lies, but if reported by the media, then it'd be FAKE NEWS, right?
And Putin stole the election for u. Let's talk about ur phony foundation which is under investigation. Or ur son stealing from kids w cancer
PROOF?
Shut up!!
Proof? And where are your tax returns? 
No more talk, it's time for action.  It's time you kept your promise & indict these Traitors!
Another big lie from liar in chief. Get a grip. You don’t know yet that everyone knows you lie?
Appoint special prosecutor

Over 100 million.  And that is just what has been exposed...
Stop watching LYING Fox and Friends!!!!!! You are the worst president EVER! LOSER! BAD DONALD!!!! BAD!!
With all due respect Mr President a Russian Hooker peed on you.
Put that bitch in jail
Did foxandtrump report the millions paid to campaign chairman Manafort or NSA Mike Flynn????
maybe she should be made to donate those mils to the border wall? we should at least have our walls secure since she sold out the sky...
It’s about time this case is cracked wide open and people responsible face criminal charges. Way to stand your ground President!! We  you!
never let anything go do you.Mueller getting  you huh I'm sure you'll still be talking about HRC NFL& how great you are when you impeached
Who’s watching the big baby @realDonaldTrump today?
How did they afford that with all the money they poured into your campaign?
