It's a very important word # radical Islamic terrorism
Yeah because that is coming out from a Radical Hindu fanatic maybe of Modi's caliber that is why :)  2002 Gujrat Riots I hope u remember.
yes I am proud to be an Indian and Hindu too.
1/2 There is no harm to proud on your country, but try to make sensible choices is the right way to go, both the countries have problems
Will they be discussing the US President's Emolument Clause violations in India???? http://www.trump.com/real-estate-portfolio/india/trump-towers-pune/ …
Perhaps they will discuss Trump's India investors? http://www.investopedia.com/news/who-are-donald-trumps-business-partners-india/ …
Maybe @narendramodi can bring that up in their public talks Bcos @realDonaldTrump is not India's friend but the American people are! #Resist
Yes. Americans love the Indian people!
Let everyone see that you are considerate in all you do. Remember, the Lord is coming soon.  Philip4
Pft, that's like telling someone to hold their breath for four years
Well he's done a pretty good job so far at not embarrassing us, the media's reaction to him however, just plain stupid.
Idgaf what you believe about him, you're not worth my time to debate with, but don't talk trash about him to other world leaders
Bjp
He will not.he is meeting non liberal prime minister of india.
I'm so glad there aren't any conflicts of interest to be concerned about.
Both nationalist of par excellence
only Difference is that Indians love Modi while Americans don't love Trump.
He lost the popular vote but won the electoral college.
All aboard the  MODI  Express. India is on course to be the next superpower as China stumbles making bad strategic decisions.[1 Belt 1 Road]
Let's see if you can piss off another world later
real shame how @POTUS can  wine and dine #KillerModi who has blood of so many minorities on his hands. Very sad.
Take care ur own country's minorities first Mr.
really the same pakistan which has been sponsoring terrorism are you a part of the Pak terror group as well.
But not taking any questions lol
Qatar is a major financier of terrorism around the world that must stop that dirty work
Saudi Arabia is a major sponsor of terrorists as well, but they have an orb!
Saudi Arabia is a strategic ally in the fight against terrorism and their king is a wonderful man
It's a brutal regime that denies basic women's rights. Clearly your type of leader. Sad.
They take young people's hand and improve human rights and women's rights
Never
This looks like a boxing promo.
Wow you lunatic libs are really reaching for a reason to be against the only person in govt who is trying to put America first. Ur pathetic.
Great speech! #MAGA
Taq  @realDonaldTrump for ur warm welcome to our beloved PM @narendramodi #ModiTrumpMeet
Ohh, my favorite photo of him, stern, strained look.  Like he's pushing out a diamond hard turd.

#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
How will you embarrass us today?
Please go to India to live
You are welcome. just for your ignorance there are many Americans living in India mainly big business people 
TRUMP  a GW of KKK = MODI  a Hindutva Horde Terrorist
Whole world is tired of Muslims and their terrorism. accusing others won't change reality.
whole world knows d criminality of Hindutva Hordes n Gao-vigilantes hoodlums who are imposing their cultural superiority on Muslims by force
o yea......ISIS/LeT belongs to hindus
SS, MB, n so many others are Hindu criminals roaming in India   ask Shaykh GOOGLE 2 give you d full list
can't blame you..spreading hatred and terrorism is you guys' first lesson in school. go plant bomb somehwere and achieve your life's purpose
I'm a Kashmiri Brahman n see ur criminal conduct n reprehensibility daily in my place t/f don't beguile me w/ your innocent lookng depravity
*Don't take economic advice from that nitwit!*
And find at least one way to embarrass America and make an ass of himself as he has every time he's met with a foreign leader.... LOSER!

Trump is Making America Great Again!
How? By continually embarrassing himself on the world stage? He's a fool's fool.
And how will he humiliate the United States of America today? Probably thinks Pakistan is the same as India. #resistance
Why does this look like a boxing / MMA fight card?
Mr. Prime Minister, my apologies.
thank you 
We want India to be like USA
is commendable keep it  up sir
We need peace, The World can not stand without peace, The WORLD needs peace
Quick question though, why are you you cool with the GOP screwing more people over?
As an American it is my responsibility to provide for my family. Not a right! You have no right to force me to pay for others!
No Welfare!
Your tax dollars pay for the fire department services that other people enjoy, and they do the same for you.
I respect the elderly,  pay my taxes, work 6 days a week. Majority of the people I know on Obamacare and SSI are scamming us.
Tell him to keep an eye on his wallet
Seriously?  You don't know how he made his money?  With fraud after fraud?
Baby,if I leave who is going to pay for your entitlements?I belong to d highest tax bracket.I pay more tax/yr than u make in 10yrs.#beggers
Bhakti, Debra Grace and peace to you from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.  Philip4
Are you Hindu or Christian?  Yeah--you are paid trolls.  How much do you get per tweet?
I don't charge anything for teaching  ignorant people. Looks like the entitlement comment made someone defensive. #freebies
Mwy07. Wglzy
You look like a meanie.  The more you scowl like that the deeper the wrinkles will be come between your nose.  Have you tried Botox?

Modi will get nothing but a handshake from @POTUS  to take home. He is a third class pseudo nationalist, a faithful minion of globalists.
Modi is a monster responsible for killing 1,000+ innocents in Ahmedabad riots.
DO NOT TOUCH HIS PRIVATE PARTS!
So happy to hear this news of Prime Minister of India coming to the WH today. POTUS is doing all he can to stop ISIS "losers"
Try to act dignified and treat this man with respect. Stick your tongue out if you have to, but do try.
Congratulations Both Countries. If U Reduce China effects in South China Sea. India & USA Joint Stand
The left continues to use the same "crutches" in their attempt to attack the conservatives. Very amusing... no wonder Democrats are losing!
I hope you will be able to act Presidential.
How can a house talk
Cooperate with India to defeat against CS(communist State) and I S
You talking with him from offshore or onshore virtual meeting?
Will they get to discuss healthcare? Or just be celebrating Trump's racist ban?
Oh it's not racist. Just ask the SCOUTS.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
You mean Obama care? Skyrocketing prices, incredibly huge deductibles? Keep it if you wish. But I'm not paying YOUR premiums!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
You should be mad at R's #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Enjoyed the hug Prime Minister Modi gave President Trump. It's great seeing world leaders get along.

#MAGA
To me it looks like Trump was taken aback by the hug!! Trump's hands are nowhere close to Modi's body.
Good Morning,to the president and white house staff.Have A Happy Day God bless you and Keep you all safe.Thank you for your hard work
RT @WhiteHouse: Today @POTUS will welcome the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi, to the White House. https://twitter.com/markbach ...
Modi carried cow-dung with him mesmerise all the people living there
Somehow I know DJT will insult him. He does every leader except the Russians and the Saudi's.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @narendramodi This was painfully awkward. I don't think trump knows how to hug.
Hahaha u r right friend..i think mr obama was knew that how to hug someone and how to create happiness in the society
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @narendramodi Want to know who hugs people properly? @BarackObama  does.
Trump?Not so much.1st hug ever.
SORRY IN ADVANCE INDIA!

Our leader is an uneducated, bigoted Toddler gone mad! Just feed him Chocolate Cake and you'll do fine!

Namaste
Namaste... I'm proud of my President Trump! #MondayVictory 
#MASA 
#MAGA. 
U should be.. trump should ban all Muslims and start drone attacks on Pakistan

The great divider you are determined to break down a wonderful country but my fellow Americans will not let that happen I know they won't I know you're on your way out and stop with uranium crap and Hillary Clinton because all you're doing is throwing out major crap into the air
Sir nice pick
The Republicans n Dems are going to start working together over the health bill it's when they're going to agree to impeach you. Just watch
I feel bad for PM Modi.
Namaste
I loved the way Prez Mosi hugged Prez trump! Really nice and refreshing! All these world leaders love prez Trump! He's very likeable
Very graciously words#Muslims r radical Islamic extremists
Why are both their mugs so angry. Who shit in their cereal?
Not Funny, try again
Aw, I'm sorry. I'll try again for you later.
LOL.. stfu
No, loser
...please?
Today President Loser welcomed India's PM. Trump failured to mention his human rights violations. Especially against Christians and Muslims
Trump & Modi to expand coop on anti-terrorism, Afghanistan & trade. "Today @POTUS hosts @narendramodi @WhiteHouse. "
You look like you are frozen in fear-- no questions-- afraid to answer coward!!
jay hind
"We, the people" feels like: "Me, the President". To all of the inaugurated people like "Lynn Harless". written by Renate Tekook
India believes and supports president TRUMP
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @narendramodi and then embarrass us all w/ social media statement
just kick ass the welcome
m khlv.yyykmf
Humyknhgmhby,
And brag about all his Twitter followers like a 14-year-old girl.
AWFUL SPEECH
TrumpCare is a disaster.
Does being responsible for yourself really bother you that much?
Here,  in India our 125 crore people R 'overwhelmingly pleased to see the hospitality & warmth shown on our PM by the President of the USA!.
jai hind
Welcome.
Thank goodness India's not on the travel ban list or this would be awkward.
I love the USA . Thoes that don't go somewhere else we don't want your kind!
# the real bizzare
After 9-0 SC dicison you can keep that indian outa here
Great PM of Narender modi ji
Welcome Prime Minister... Have a wonderful and gratifying visit. Thank you Mr. @POTUS and team for all you do, here and abroad. 
Why do you love all these despots and want to be strong men? Dictators and oppressors? #FeelingInaciquate? #UnAmerican #TinSoldierTrump

Why?
this president is no friend of "Pock-ee-stan"
https://youtu.be/_JxRXt7wIts 
Jai hind Jai Bharat
Please don't screw up
If @realDonaldTrump says smethin wrong abt my PM @narendramodi,Im gonna f*#k him up on Twitter.
MIGA n MAGA...both great leaders refreshing
Donald, this prime minister of India committed an act of sabotage against his people when he banned large bank notes. He is a criminal.
Worst read speech ever, hope India is not laughing too hard at you donnie, you managed to embarrass the country AGAIN.
Its gone be hounor to america..
I have See  for Respected PM
Ignorant people don't realize how hard it is to score legislative victories when you control the WH and both houses of Congress. SAD!
God. Let's hope he doesn't piss off another world leader with his incompetence.
Blessings
You need to work on your English it is not the  "Indian people" it is the "people of India" mr. Trump you need to get a clue.
Why does this look like an MMA match up
too bad our old allies don't welcome you.
An important alliance that will bring peace and prosperity to the world
Now he gets his chance to boast about how he just created 10,000 more jobs at 7-11 for Indian workers.
Well at least you didn't wonder off and leave him standing there
hope you didn't say anything to ruin US relationship with India
Doing a great job Mr. PRESIDENT
this is the best prime minister of INDIAN history.
right 
Welcome
Did @realDonaldTrump shove him out of the way like he did the last PM he was around.
You bashed Obama on how the world viewed the US.The polls show you are doing a great job with Russia and in the toilet with everyone else. 
how many hotels do u have  over there..
Great prime minister if india
I hope you did not piss him off.
India is the second biggest democracy. They should be our best Alli in Asia but most Indian’s I know only get CNN so don’t like Trump.
Correction -The Largest Democracy.
I stand corrected though many friends in Delhi have said it could be a lot more Democratic. In any case US and India should stand together.
Of course India has a friend in the White House, how many jobs have you helped outsource there like you do to China?
American Thinking not suitable for pakistan.
har har modi
Why are they matched up?  Who did they hire for graphic design?  Was it guys from Spike TV?
Please, dont give him beef
He is such as ass and disgrace
@realDonaldTrump oh great... and he'll hate us too now. #impeach45
You have read nothing and you obviously know nothing about health care. You just make up fake facts while your mouth flaps up and down!
It reflects true spirit and power of India
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @narendramodi thnks fr a hrad welcome to our master implementor
Oh boy! Another opportunity to humiliate the USA in front of the world!

If only you were capable of being embarrassed by your own behavior.
You just called on India to relax trade barriers but you want to impose them on other countries. #Hypocritic
Love India  I meditate with monks of India, love their spirituality 
Afraid of NY?? You are a coward-- you cannot face voters opposed to you. We outnumber 62% to 38%
The 'hug' that was heard around the world!
Modiji modiji
India and Us good friendship country

Both are lecherous SOB's. Both democratic bastions passing through dictatorship phase - @narendramodi is competent administrator.
Superb work done by u sir .up to now no pm had worked like u sir.
AMEN TO THAT.
India is a big deal for our country
Did you try to yank his arm off?
Another embarrassment coming soon!
We're sorry  Mr Prime Minister.  This is our joke of a president who was illegally elected with the help of Russia.Please forgive us.
President Trump Welcomes the biggest terrorist of Asia in White House.
hahaha...nice joke 
Welcome Prime Minister of India!
Totally humiliated yourself with another world leader. Yet again. Good going, Bubba! #DumbTrump
mai apni shop ka registration kai se karaun
joint for prosperity
Why does @POTUS look like he's constipated and is really trying to push one out?
Campaigner of 2002 welcomed at White house
we love modie
