Dear mr. President for what they did to that young man we should bomb North Korea back to the Stone Age
You are not smart enough to resign. Sad
You already said on national TV that you fired Comey yourself...ego so big you couldn't even let your alibi take credit...
This tweet is so beautiful!
It's because you went on live TV and admitted to obstruction of justice... 
WRONG!
Will you ever be able to control yourself, Mr. President? Have a lovely day.
Muller is not the one that told you to fire Comey that person's name is Donald J. Trump. You said it yourself you decided to fire Comey.
I can't hear you...did you just say "I AM BEING INVESTIGATED"..?
Hillary Clinton’s government emails. This is one of several of Judicial Watch’s FOIA lawsuits seeking
If you're being investigated for taking orders from someone less powerful than you I think it's called a "little bitch" hunt.
So where did he say he was ordered? Sounds like you're assuming facts not in evidence just like a good little #H8er.
If you were a law-abiding citizen, you would let due process take its course without comment. Unfortunately, you are a criminal. #impeach
Burn
Grow up!
Reality Check: You yourself said "I was going to Fire Comey anyway", so yes, your actions, your obstruction of justice is being investigated
Lol
U have millions of supporters who r standing behind you. This is utter madness. We have had it with this garbage!!!
Amen!  We have had it with the left and their Russia crap!  We VOTED Trump!
You can't keep pointing the finger at everyone else, MAN UP!
Donald go play some golf and switch your phone off for a bit
and switch your brain on!
Donnie has a Dimmer Switch on his brain, and it's on Max right now.  No hope of getting any Brighter! 
Bright enough to be President of the United States of America. HA HA.
Yes @POTUS. @POTUS44 & @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton slick Willy aka @billclinton are all going to @RusEmbassyIraq 2 Fight 4 Their Greedom
@CBSNews @NBCNews @ABCNewsPR @CNN. @FoxNews @infowars @washingtonpost @nypost. @NYPDnews @NYPDSpecialops @NYPDCT @NewYorkFBI @FBI @GSA_OIG G
@washingtonpost @TheJusticeDept @usgaolegal @US_OSC @USAID_OIG @USOPM @DeptDefence @USDOD @TeamUSDOD @Top_TruthSeeker @AnonNewsSEC #WannaCry
Resign!!!!!
Resign
We all know it's coming, Donny.  The Golden Showers are REAL.
You can dish it out to Democrats &everyone who didnt agree with but when your called on your actions to be accountable u can't handle that
It's about time! #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
Tick tock, tick tock until indictments come
The woes of "A fake President" #SoObvious
Hooray! You just gave up executive privilege for you and your minions!
2 years ago I said no way this clown will win. Thanks America for destroying what little credence I had. 

Why shd he stop skating NOW?
I remember the moment he won, I was flabbergasted, truly speechless. I could not believe Americans fell 4 his facade of caring. Still can't
What façade of caring? He preached nothing but hate so the hateful flocked to him. I think it's time to rethink the Electoral College.
Liar Liar Liar d.trump UMFPG!!!
You told Lester Holt you were going to do it regardless. You investigating yourself? Keep your lies straight, guy.
ooh boy, you're screwed canada won't take you. hey, there's north korea. oh hold on you pissed your twin off. oh shit, you are cofefe...
Is that rhyming slang?
you know thats unfair game. @realDonaldTrump would have no chance. #HaHaHa
Remove deep state investigators&replace w fair, non-Obama-HRC-Lynch-Comey-connected spec prosecutor &then expand2 O-HRC-Lynch-Comey invstgtn
You did say on national television that regardless of any advice you had made the decision to fire Comey.  Remember?! #LockHimUp
Ur sposed be the leader quit complaining and get on with leading
you are not good enough to be called a witch.
Are you being investigated by @JaredKushner? Or @JeffSessions?

Know this! When your timeline is full of hate against minorities, you are the antithesis of peace, love, hope and protection #hypocrite
Comie struck me as being untrustworthy
Keep tweeting. You look completely stable.
Now you are being investigated by a bunch of Hillary's supporting team. Damnit I'm mad!
THIS ONE IS A CLASSIC. TY TRUMP!
All Trump supporters have your back Mr. President. They should be investigating Comey. Not to mention crooked kittlery
The best defense is a good offense. I'm sick from the hammering you're taking. Time to go on the offense.
Drain the swamp !!!
He is the Swamp.
ME NEEDUM TICKETS FOR THE WEDNESDAY INDIANA STATE FAIRGROUNDS, JUST TWO FOR ME AND MY SON, PLEASE, AND THANK YOU!!!
You are being investigated because you are dishonest
If they were announcing Investigation on Obama, Donald would be saying GOOD Things about Mueller+assoc..Poor pittyfull DT always Whining
So you ARE under investigation.  YOU LIED

They got nothing else so they are grasping at straws.
Wait. You already decided to fire him because of the whole 'Russia thing' & he was not doing a good job? Wow! Witch hunt is in your head!
Not even finished w year 1 and being CRIMINALLY INVESTIGATED. Let that sink in.
Hey snowflake, get rid of your pack of lawyers who say you aren't being investigated.
Good
isn't Rosenstein one of Rothchilds stooges. No wonder congress wants him to stay. End the Federal Reserve,

I'm on your side Mr. President but maybe you should have used a ? instead of a ! The info came from an "unnamed source." AKA garbage!
Stop crying like a little boy! Grow up, you are the President, act like one.
Time for a heart to heart with Jeff. Good guy. Definitely should have stayed Senator. Would have done a lot more good. But, he's not doing the job.
#WeThePeople don't care about your feelings. Policy? Healthcare? Protection from NK & Putin? Crickets.
You are under a Criminal Investigation a part of which is Follow the Money. and it will go on and on.

It is an odd position to be in. You can not agrue about something that doesnt really exist in the first place, Take back the agenda.
put you in office..Show the world your good? Send your people to save my family and put Gov Brown of Oregon in prison.
U hide behind Twitter and certain news reporters and refuse 2 answer questions @ live news events. U r a coward

Get him, witches!
Keep your head up Donald, you're doing a sterling job as far as the majority of the level headed educated Brits are concerned
Really? The educated brits eh? All of the educated Americans thinks he's a total moron... it's the uneducated that are his support base...
Well our two countries have a very different education system, oh and we spell things correctly!
Thought you made that decision all on your own because he was looking at Russia dealings? At least that's what you told Lester Holt
Put HRC and her gang in jail. Cant you see thats where it all coming from?
What have they done?  Oh that's right. Nothing. Nice try.
Dear Mr. President PLEASE add decorum to your office & stop tweeting, u r given 'amo' to your enemies who discredit u
this!!!

Or maybe it's because you can't seem to keep your little stubbie fingers from tweeting vile crap all day!
#Witchhunt
Ease of lying. 

Trump talks about his relationship with Putin back in 2013  #Confused #1in 

Wow!
Trump was in Moscow for Miss Universe. Putin wanted to meet him but Trump arrived late. Putin's schedule changed. They never actually met.
Why yes, YES U ARE! 
So BIG of u to finally admit what #America has known since last year. @PutinRF must be proud!
#TrumpRussia #OBSTRUCTION
If you had one shred of honor or decency, you would resign.
Was a Federal Grand Jury ever convened for Witch Hunt? No! Did any other @POTUS ever collude with or try to protect Foreign Advisory? No!
Damned either way. Time to NUKE the swamp!!!
Chris Wallace of Fox News is chasing ratings.   He's given up being an honest interviewer & having integrity.   Is he Jealous of MSM?

#MAGA
I have no faith in our system. That's why we voted for you. This is difficult to watch.  They are determined to distroy you.
Ha!U thought u had all ur bases covered w/Sessions.U didn't anticipate his recusal & a Mueller. U know ur time in WH is coming to an end! 
Sounds like no faith to ne
So if someone tells you to jump off a cliff, do you jump?! #hunted
I always feeeel like somebody's waaaatching me. Wooo-ohh-ohh!
legalize marijuana and we ll all be happy
Oh and i am the one who told you to get rid of that other FBI director who knew the Clinton's - you did that because of me - he was number 2
Fire Mueller and any other deep state renegades.
Drain the swamp 
Please
Rantings and ravings of a lunatic. #MuellerIsComingForYou #25thAmendment
Despite what you heard on Sunday, either the @POTUS is under investigation or he doesn't know the difference between this ! and this ?
It's lonely at the top Mr President....
Mueller did not tell you to fire Comey, Mueller is the one investigating you for that. Get your story right #TrumpsFakeTweets
For all of you that liked his tweet, you need to start fact checking everything he says.
I know the FBI we're on to it because Pam Bonnie and mediately started raking in record amounts of cocaine when she passed the ball somebody in Tallahassee dropped it
Make them severely restrict the invest. to just russia. Mueller is just stacking Trump haters & using taxpayers $$ to fund them. STOP
You need hire #AlanDershowitz  as Prez you can fire anyone even team Mueller and What's his name
You and your family are awesome people President Trump!!
Now THAT is sarcasm! Kudos!
Do you do everything people tell you to do? Just saying.
You sure are acting like a person who is afraid to have the truth exposed.  Your actions are more like a dictator than an ethical leader.
Take it easy Mr President.
The President who will only be remembered for stupid tweets like this. This one would have to be in the top 10
You should be.
Make ice hockey great again!
We all saw the the interview - you took credit for firing Comey. You bragged to the Russians in the Oval Office.
I don't believe ANYONE tells you to fire him...all you, all you.
Hahahahahaha the devil doesn't know what to do! INDUSTRIAL HEMP WILL SAVE HUMANITY! please help humanity now
Trump is a sick dog.
thank you for firing the fbi director. I was for that all along. and there has been lots of witch hunts lately, they kind of multply
Leaker

EVERY REVELATION in the Russia probe—on Sessions, Flynn, Manafort and YOU—CONFIRMS collusion via sanctions relief!!!
Since when do you do what you are told?
... have ever plaied french biliard? I can make theem collide with each other and still dellivering ...
That sounds like its his fault. They should be investigating him.

Sounds like a setup to me....
Please investigate! Obama spied and lied and now he is trying to hide! You can get these documents!
This investigation is a witchhunt. The material point is DJT won and the left doesn't like it.The outcome shocked them.Dems don't like Comey

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
We're the scrutiny and scrutiny to the content to the nation that issues a self working investment uman right
SWAMP is definitely a sewer requires a janitorial doctor. Must drain the filth out of D.C. (Dunce Cap) ville — TOO much CONgress no PROgress
I see all these tweets,where were you when obama was completely disregarding the law. PRESIDENT Trump will prevail.
Bwahaha your joking right?
1-U obviously do not care if Russia interfered with the election. As long as U got the electoral votes U think U R king.
Only a matter of time, DT!
All this noise means you dont say CHANGE !, YES WE CAN !, You Actually DO IT !!!
It's not a "Witch Hunt," Donnie, it's a "Duck Hunt." (Donald Duck + Witch Hunt = Duck Hunt)
@drawandstrike @Thomas1774Paine @Imperator_Rex3 @TheLastRefuge2 Is this tweet about R.R. ? Did any of you do a thread about the issues around it?
3-Oh! I mean the citizens that are not your family or rich.
The good Lord Almighty will richly bless the fruit of your womb with all of God's blessings. In the name of Jesus Christ.
Important and spot on thread here. Please read https://twitter.com/USNJack/status/924199452654690304 …
Witch hunt? Like yelling lock her up, calling her crooked, phony claims about her emails, birther claims - #lockHIMUp
traitors deserve a firing squad! #russianpuppetpresident #trumpisacunt
The Bush's and Clintons always put the IRS on their ass if anyone messed with them
Draw a clock sir!
Didn't you ask him to write a letter supporting Comey's dismissal
Fire all the corrupt ones that is being bought
Who do we believe? You Trump who lie every time you open your mouth or your attorney who speaks for you??? Make up ur mind. Call them &ask?
It means YOU ARE JUST ANOTHER COCKROACHSCHILD'S PUPPET SIR!
Say for the world
So you didn't have authority to make that decision, regardless of any advice? Noted.

Powerless little boy. Lol! 
Oh Donald....are you ever going to grow out of the diapers?
Why are these people so evil Mr. President? Have they sold their souls to the devil himself? I will pray for you and them.
And I will pray the lord grants you a brain
Sorry but he slighted you if you are a leftist. You really want to burn in hell? I don't want you to. Have you ever watched sausage fry?

Obviously liberal Collusion and Corruption. Comeys friend--Mueller to bring in attorneys from the Clinton Foundation.
Can't believe these haters.Sorry, I wouldn't waste my time.My tweet got bumped way down the line. 
May God Bless You! We Patriots ♡ You!
You say you're being investigated; your attorney, Sekulow, says you're not. One of those statements is #FakeNews!  Which one is it?
Dim dems are blocking witness testimony on so called collusion and hiding Rice's papers at the 0bama library cause they got nothing! #MAGA
STOP opening your door to the enemy, i.e. the ESTABLISHMENT goons! If they 'like' who you've chosen for ANY position, BEWARE!!!
How else could Muller be in charge so he could hide selling uranium to Russia for Clinton ?!
Tired of using tax payers money for this bull****. These people on here talk to hear themselves. They know nothing of what's truly going on. It's a game to them! His many attorneys does Mueller have again?? One year later...still looking, he's dirty!
You really should stop tweeting... You know everyone can see these right? #ShameOnYou #shameful
Some people will do anything to keep others from winning.
Does Trump mean "Witch Hunt" or "Which Hunt"?
You appointed him. He is doing his job correctly. Maybe be less of a scumbag? Just a thought.
unholy paradox?
Does he live in the United Shesh? Hold your bottle with two hands for yes.
It's like being surrounded by creatures with rabies hungry for power , money , and death of their opponents a game of manipulation risk 
Tweet away.   Something is going to be found and someone is going to jail.  You want to clear your name take questions from the press
Why are you focusing on this!? #moveon #makeyourownlane #YouGotThis
