@raybae689 
How about a Christian Holocaust Proclamation
Most are unaware there were Christian Death Camp's during WWI.
Wake up, Civilization move forward....
Great job.
I voted for you @POTUS. Now we know u are all in #IsraelFirst. #NeverForget is what your base says as they abandon you.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump @POTUS oh look it's the MAGA-racist. Having some regrets? 
Did you tell them that we now say it's OK to discriminate against Jews? Your doing
Looking good

Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10159027593260725 … #ICYMI- My statement last night at… http...
Thank you President Trump!
Too bad Jews R being legally discriminated against in Texas. Your Religous Freedom took theirs away. Can be denied adoption in Texas
The day is signage. Hold our membrane as proof of us as spoken, all a true map of us as a statement. Let the need to hold join.
Never Again ???
#Israel #USA
@CNN @BBC @ABC @foxandfriends #Trump @IsraelinUSA #Israel #Europa @eu_eeas @EUCouncil @TeamTrump @IsraeliPM
Oops there u go. Uh yeah ur good friend and u winning! You just can't help urself. Oh and ur reading this 
BOASTFUL IN THE HOUSE SLAVES BUILD : MAFIA BOSS OR JUST A RAPIST? #CASINOsexCLUBtrump
SORRY, ONLY THE JEWS AND YOUR DAUGHTER AND SON IN LAW CARE. REVERSA DACA NOW. OR ALL OF THIS WILL B FOR NOTHING.
ONLY THE JEWS CARE. NOW REVERSE DACA OR YOU ARE GOING TO BE A ONE TIME PRESIDENT I GUARANTEE THAT.
It's my dream to see our American Embassy in Jerusalem
...& cares re ONLY HIMSELF (April 24, 2017; 16:32 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
IMPOSSIBLE 4 a guy who argued FERVENTLY 4... (April 24, 2017; 16:32 EDT) #MUSLIMBAN #travelban #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"HOLOCAUST REMEMBRANCE PROCLAMATION???" (April 24, 2017; 16:32 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
you are doing a terrible job as president You're Fired!
#trumprussia
#Impeachtrump
#russiagate 
#Impeachpence  bunch of lying back-stabbers!
How about signing one to recognize the Armenian genoside, the 1st massacre of 2 million Christian Armenians. This hypocrisy is outrages
#SMALLHANDSBIGPUSSY
I love you
Screw you Trumpet!
Ooyummmmm
bravo! Never again! !
I'm sure everyone is happy especially after Spicers idiotic statements. No one in your administration knows much about history. Terrifying
Did you let your ignorant staff know about the Chemical weapons that were used by the Nazi's? SMH.
They don't like you
You need an eye test, @realDonaldTrump - you’re squinting at the autocue. Didn’t realise you could read though, so well done on that one.
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10159027593260725 … #ICYMI- My statement last night at the @WorldJewishCong. 
Amd here we have an illusion to most puppets..Drop some more chem trails #klan members #racist #monsters
I didn't think Nazis could sign this
Nice proclamation. 
Now what will you do about #neonazis Steve Bannon and the hate against #Muslims and #Mexicans you incited in election?
Gosh, thanks Mr. Trump. Some of my family died in concentration camps and now, because you are the president, I feel unsafe all the time.
never forget. never again, for that which has happened is a warning.
Will there be a part dedicated to "Holocaust Centers" @PressSec
Why do you care, Nazi !
God will bless those who bless Israel.   The God of Israel is the Living true God.  Thank U Trump.
So like... The genocide of and colonization of native Americans? The enslavement of African Americans? You're simply reading a script.

The holohoax is not real and I hope you place America first not Israel first
I remember there weren't enough jews killed in the war.
have u sogned a proclamation so we can use toilet paper imprinted w ir face?
Thank you so much Mr. President.
Why do you just get down to what you promised instead of diverting and proclaiming the unnecessary! Bad!
"never again" says the one who will do the same to muslims
......dear diary...........
hopefully old spicey didn't weigh in on it
Super cool that you started with a shout out to yourself.
#FlashbackFriday “I don't like executive orders. That is not what the country was based on" - @realDonaldTrump, Aug 2015 → #Trump100Days
Empty words from an empty mind.
Cringe! You are just so gross! Watching your lips move makes me sick. Uggg just nasty!
The Jewish people..
Rephrase your words. Sounded racist.
he still manages to mention that he won the presidency.  It will never stop being a popularity contest
You're so FAKE!
I didn't know that! FAKE news!
Can we trade it for black history month? Lets face it, the Jews deserve it more.
Mr. Trump, please don't forget the miners. You promised!
May we never forget.
I bet for 100 dollars that Trump didnt read Mein Kampf im not backing up hitler i just saying Trump speakes with no knowledge
Love you Mr.  President.  What a historic moment.
It was written for you and you painfully read it like a 1st grader seeing it for the 1st time. You thought it was the price of a Challah.
Did you mention the copy of Meim Kampf you kept on your nightstand, b/c that would have been verrry impressive.
Movements like the Nazis start with databases or lists of minorities and that's why so many vehemently do not accept 45.
What about you're own Holocaust in the USA?
Stop covering for Flynn. Show America your income taxes and stop playing golf
if u just respected people, u wouldn't have to do these stunts.  Where's your taxes ?
I miss Obama
#NoFlyZone4Rojava
Too little too late!
Wow, you did that despite having Steve Bannon on your "council"? How "brave" of you.
Maybe you could teach your mouthpiece Spicy about the types of weapons that were used during WWII.
45 can't even do a remembrance speech without giving himself a shout-out!
Great speach by a great leader.  Something we have not had in a very long time.
My president will stand with Israel our first line of defense against the haters of the planet #MUSLIMS
I doubt you know anything about the Holocaust.
greatttttttttttttttttttt
God wills it Mr. President, God wills it!
So are you going to get rid of Steve Bannon who is a Holocaust denier?
Did you remember that the Holocaust involved Jews this time?
Sues Trump for Signing HJR 69 Allowing Slaughter of Bear Cubs, Wolf Pups
Also not an accomplishment.
That was one of the darkest days in the world's history. Glad u made this into law, we shall never forget that horrible time
Doesn't it need to be explained to you first ???
Gas the jews?
succor that still remain.”
special roles, but to make us sensitive to the outrages that marred all of Western history and to the tasks of human rescue and
It is our duty to remember the Shoah and to teach it our children,” wrote Rabbi Arnold Jacob Wolf. “Not to give us Jews special rights or
Sign another proclamation King Friday. 
You get real squinty whenever you have to read an entire statement
We are very suspicious that what happened to the Jewish People is happening to the North Korean people. It is gut wrenching. Never Again
Ne mütlü Türk'üm Diyene  yaşasin Türk 
Armenians are killer.... Please respect the Turks and do not lie to the world
This speech looks cool on lsd with the sound off
HOLOHOAX.  The official story on the alleged "holocaust" is a massive lie.  The deaths at camps were from disease, no mass murder.
hmm no one remembers the death of 80 MILLION Russians at the hands of Hitler
Why do you come off so pissed off all the time!
great  job
Australian point of view on the world stage this man is a laughing stock and embarrassment
we don't believe you. you don't care about anyone but yourself. You insult us and the memory of the 6 million.
April 24th is for the Armenian Holocaust.
president  TRUMP  should understand that culture is the key of the world
Steve Bannon asked me to tell you that you should flip-flop on this issue...
Mr President, Why you wrote only Nazi? They were from Germany! @MSZ_RP
Excellent talk people should remember we have to stand up against evils someone should tell the 9th CIRCUS.
I guess then Trump must really be on the outs with Steve Bannon.
Was Sean Spicer part of it? He could learn a thing or two from it
You talk about hate and how that should stop,but in the mean time you want tmonuments that represent hate 2put back in place?Against or not?
You're learning! Prepared speeches suit you well.
The irony of that is stark http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/01/24/how-the-armenian-genocide-shaped-the-holocaust.html …
Lovely words at the World Jewish Congress.  The Jewish people feel safe thanks to you after 8 years of antisemitism by Obama.  Sad story!
As a Jew I am very proud to have you as our President that protects and cares for Israel and the Jewish people.  G-d Bless you.
Good! 🕭
Total dribble. YOu have a confirmed nazi, gorka in your administration. Hypocrite
