Nor will we forget the ideology that caused this travesty.
We couldn't even if we tried because of the frequent Islamic terrorist attacks that have plagued our lands.
I think the best way to honor their memories would be to pass equal rights legislation, a little more gravity than a tweet...
Didn't "lose" their lives. They were slaughtered mercilessly while enjoying the freedom to be whoever one is in this country.
If you truly wanted to honor these 49 victims, you wouldn't have chosen a VP who sees marriage equality as a "societal collapse."
instead of tweeting about how horrific it was maybe u should actually do something to prevent it from happening again
We will this fucking german Greenhorns Twitter Blocker NEVER FORGET too!
Want to help the #FreeKevinTrudeau cause? Volunteers in #webdesign, #marketing, #PR, #GraphicDesign & #Writers are all needed DM tod
Shame on you! Spewing hate, getting people divided and then acting like you care. Fun fact: Even your acting looks fake. No Tony for you!
Where's your Pride Month proclamation? Vice President ate it?
Thanks president trump many many patriotic gay Americans stand behind U from day 1 u are honarable & just God bless U
How is it you acknowledge their deaths and yet continue and refuse to acknowledge #pride month?  How? 
You've never done anything for the LGBTQ+ community. Don't pretend to care.
Name one of the victims without looking it up. You're so out of touch with the real, every day American.
Sorry, already forgotten, but not the 4 killed in #Benghazi...we want prosecutions and arrests, jail time for those responsible.
we will never forget you celebrated yourself on twitter when they were murdered.
Yeah, you say this as you roll back protection in the workplace for LGBT individuals and withdraw federal protection for trans students.
You inspire a nation with your leadership. I am in awe of you and your familyWords are not enough, but ought to be said. TY excellent POTUS
Great tweet #neverforget
Thank you @POTUS for remembering all the victims of this senseless act of terror. Much heartbreak for their families and friends. RIP
So then we'll see you at Pride, yeah?
Don't pretend like you give a shit about any of the people in that picture.  #overthrowtrump #RESIST
thank you Mr. President, this totally made me proud!
...and yet
Hi sweetie, someone else is tweeting from your account. Just thought you should know.
Bless your heart.
Right? Just terrible!
Name one of them. Thought not.
Hey trumpy , ich will ein otogramm von dich .
yes a sad day. Today however HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U.  YOU R DOING A GREAT JOB. U INHERITED A HORRIBLE MESS LEFT BY BHO.
We will also never forget how your first reaction to this tragedy was to tweet your thanks for being right about radical islamic terrorists
Since when did you care about anything other then building a wall and kicking out innocent people
Don't speak for us, @realDonaldTrump. Your words about Pulse mean nothing to us. "Congrats" for continuing to be an opportunistic joke. Sad!
but we will forget you one day when you're impeached
To be fair, Mike Pence feels they didn't suffer enough.
So, let's dismantle gay marriage & equality in the workplace, public accommodations & housing in their honor #lying  #LGBTRights 
Sounds like a win. Their lifestyle was wrong in the eyes of the Lord
Judge not lest ye be judged All people are created in God's image and as such deserve dignity that you & I have also as children of God.
may their souls rest in prace
We will never forget when NRA lobbyists (Republicans) STOP many gun control bills that could've closed the loop holes. #NRA4gunviolence
Lowell's2ndTemplesideChat: #SaudiArabia: #GroundZero for Global #WAHHABI #MassMurder #Muslims
Trump#1.
Not good!! Hatred shud not be tolerated ppl have d right 2 life liberity & d pursuit of happiness & d #Rauner2018 campaign hiring me #dothis
What the fuck!
Don't you DARE speak for my community, when you sign into law protections for the lgbt+ community then speak to us!!!
Don't pretend you give a toss about the LGBT community or our lives and safety! Your action speak louder than your empty words.
According to a recent CNN report, it was not terrorism! It was a shooting and it enabled them to editorialize on gun control!! SAD!!
Can you name one of the victims?
Don't you dare. Delete your account.
Never forget? How about your forgetting to declare June as LGBTQ Pride Month??
Hey, remember that time instead of offering condolences you bragged about "being right on radical Islamic terrorists"? We sure do!
Shooting done by a confirmed HillTURD supporter.
love
You didn't write this! Quick, what does horrific mean?
Because you are such a champion of gay rights...so easily seen through.
And Comey was the FBI Director who failed again and again to protect innocent Americans! And Boston Marathon...
Okay I'm with you on this one. Well done
If you want to protect us, stop bending over for the evangelicals. Their beliefs are NOT more important than our equal rights!
Would you memorialize Sandy Hook too please? @megynkelly #AlexJones
Stay strong. Only in the current political environment can 1000 ppl put you down for paying tribute to terror victims. Mirror time, ppl look
Thank God for teleprompter,  Trump didn't mention travel ban or repeal Obama care! Signs of the time! Just practicing baseball
We will never act as if your homophobic policies, VP, cabinet choices and your administration are more than life threatening and complicit
This must be a staff tweet. POTUS who curries favor of anti-gay RW Christians wouldn't make it.
You would think the gay community would be working to stop Muslims from coming into our country! They were attacked!
#VENEZUELAESTAINVADIDAPORCUBANOSENEMIGOSDELPUEBLOVENEZOLANO
Don't forget about Artist Christina Grimmie who was Murdered right before that at her concert. Does she get a mention too?
Bless all the victim's families and friends. God bless the USA and please God help our leaders to defend us.
Nor will we forget how you used this tragedy to brag about yourself.  You are no friend of ours.
What about the Syrian Civilans who die from White.phosphorous 
Your Army Uses 
#Hypocrite
Hi Donald Trump I'm a Canadian siticon and I'm ten years old and I'd love to know how many people said your not going to be present of U
S
Time for common sense gun control!
We will never forget #Benghazi lock her up
But interesting how the #fakenews eliminates certain facts about it. #MAGA #BoycottMSM
Except for your horrible policies that TARGET the LGBQT community... yeah, right.
Cause Cause Reason
Name ONE victim's name without having to look it up.
I will never forget the complete lack of tact Donald showed that day either.
Lip service!  You signed a bill for Mentally I'll to keep their guns and you can be on the don't fly list & still get a gun.
..by setting aside the BS #9thCircuitCourt!! AND taking action to secure our home. ASAP. GODSHumanityRULES overPedos<-zap ASAP tyJesusAmen.
But you can't acknowledge pride month your words mean nothing
And we will NEVER FORGET your response to this horrific event! #NarcissistInChief
By far the only sane thing you've tweeted in years.
You don't give a shit about the LGBTQ community! Stop pretending. We all know you're a liar.
Our prayers to the  families and our precious victims who passed away for no reason we love you all God Bless yous
By NOT acknowledging Pride month- that's how?
When you try to be relatable and seem like you care like that time  when you ate your own taco and said you like Hispanics
Like you give a shit.
Like you give the remotest fuck about any of them. Please.
But you have already forgotten the people killed by Robt Dear, Dylan Roof, Wade Page, Scott Roeder, Timothy McVeigh, Eric Rudolph, many more
until you recognize june as pride month and after you stand up for the lgbt+ community you have no right to tweet about this massacre
You sympathy and thoughts ring hollow.
Who wrote this for you?
But the #NRA champions on, giving any unstable person a gun.  Your words are hollow.  You have done nothing for the children of the US.
star vetting all immigrants on American soil and abroad now, prevent this from occurring again
WE THE PEOPLE  won't forget  - but the courts and the people against the Travel Ban already have!!  We want our borders secured NOW!
@RobertMaguire_ It seems like you forgot about this.
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.
thank you for clearing up the fake news about firing muller and Jeff sessions and staying focus. Thank you mr president
Trump was the only one who spoke up to call it what it was a terrorist attack on our way of life as a nation even if he doesn't agree.
Well you know you can start honoring them by recognizing pride month...
Get the name of our beloved city out of your mouth. Your hatred isn't welcome.
#OrlandoUnitedDay
Miss you Shane  my sweet friend
You already have by rolling back lgbtq protections
About the only nice thing you have done for your LGBT community.  Honor us with a tweet- but no action.  How about honor GAY PRIDE MONTH?
You said that after the elections you were going to sue, so, why haven't you sued them already.
Donald, why haven't you sued the individuals who are accusing you of rape, sexual harassment?
What a hypocrite!!!  Then and now..
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.… http...
And u still wanna sign DREAMers ACT? As Nancy told you?
That was on Obama's watch, right?
Funny how you bs your way through this and then ban Trans Military personnel.
Good try, again..  Fail!
#LipService #PalcateTheGays
￼
May Allah rest their souls in pease
U mean false flag? Actors were caught. Don't lie mr trump
Witam serdecznie Pan Prezydenta Trump w Polsce
Ha gayyyyy
Who told you to do this to make you look human please you could care less
But yet you are silent in June. June is Pride month for the gay community. Crickets on your end. Nothing.
With no statement about #PrideMonth and the removal of LGBT pages from @WhiteHouse I'd say they were forgotten.
Mr President keep up the good wirkcan you help a Poor veteran out
Hypocrite!
Shot by a US citizen.
Yes! My condolences to the families and to the families who lost love ones at the hands of those who were suppose to protect and serve
Do you really mean these tweets or is it part of being the president? Why do you tweet Mr. President it seems like it would make you weak
I am so upset Term limits. People rise & demand it.Pelosi, Schumer. Mccain in too long .Clean  These serve selves. Change!
Sorry for errs. older user love Anerica & your agenda. with u .pls do this. Praying & hopes hi.Must go direct. .
And thank u! tge peoples needs & wants.no worry over Russia. people care less. Health & tax reform.u do well. go direct!
Sorry errs . like congressional speech. About the people. Electees serve people. heart &  love. Lay bill point by point.!
Add. talk lije confressiinal speech.stay on script. u do so well. tel the peoole. lay out bill. forget enemys. like Reagan!
Watched Fox with u . Pls sir. sit in oval ofc. & do spee h on health bill. go loint by point. what it is. just to people.
Lol really like u care stop already
So many people are losing their lives for an ideology that makes no sense.
liar
Agreed, unbelievably sad for the victims and families. As an outsider I can only see that tighter gun controls would have limited tragedy.
Bruh....you literally just passed a bill that stripped trans students of bathroom protection
where christina grimmie @ tho
Thank you
If you care about LGBT people, why don't you include them in the census? You had the question removed
If you truly care about LGBT people, maybe ask why Pence advocated electric shock therapy for gay teens in Indiana?
Name 1
@POTUS 
We need you to stick to your guns and not give in to the Liberals or the Insane Media !!!!!!!   GOD BLESS YOU MR PRESIDENT !!!!!!!!!!
Dear Mr President don't you dare even think about Resigning your office !!!!!!!    We have waited a lifetime for a President for the People
Still no comment from Trump concerning the attack on Muslim worshippers leaving a London mosque.  #islamophobia
Don't worry. . it's been noted in the UK .. our so called closest ally can't even send us an insincere message of condolence to the victims
