Great job by @BarackObama in getting it there for you to take credit!
Dear Trump Please tell Sisi that Ahmed Khatib needs a health amnesty
Your time is running out @realDonaldTrump either the FBI or GOP is going to make you guy away
Do you ever stop watching Fox News?
ummmm...a wrestling dude, #guiltyeyes? Birds of a pathetic feather...
God you love FOX like Kanye loves Kanye.
Spit a good Cabernet on that one! Thanks!! 
yea, no better way to measure success then to rely on horse gambling rich people...dont bother with real stats and facts...
Make American Great, you have yet to accomplish anything.  First 100 days have been the worse in history.
Dear Mr. President, we expect the U.S. to be power who keeps peace and brings justice, as people of Earth. If to bias or favor this is wrong

Woo hoo...... too bad you weren't our president eight years ago! So thankful now though!
Oh sure, retweet a video from someone who bullied an announcer with a history of depression.  Yes, Trump and JBL are made for each other.
Your a very bad person, trump
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Yes we are. May God help you and watch over you every day.
I pray for our President everyday. There are evil forces trying to take him out. We must always pray
You're prayers are helping. God only works for good. Visualize #POTUS safe and doing good for all. I'm 100% sure he loves our country & ppl.
What tells you that he loves our country? I'm curious.
Wishful thinking I would suggest.
Thank you President Obama. Hey Don, check back in a year if you are not in jail.

No where run...  no where to hide...  all you do is lie lie lie...  Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd...  gonna make you go bye!  Felecia!
You are sad and pathetic little man. You doing NOTHING that will benefit Americans that aren't millionaires!
I have never felt more confident and SECURE with YOU as POTUS!!?
MR TRUMP YOU ARE DOING AN EXCELLENT JOB, KEEP GOING, JSUT STAY AWAY FROM RYAN. THE CONSERVATIVES ARE STRONG-THE RHINO'S WILL FOLLOW WHATTHEM
Great job!!  Keep up the great work @realDonaldTrump!! Let us continue to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
fake wrestler. Period!
Keep telling yourself that, sonny boy!
Your wiretap claims are a lie and have been rebuked. Time to issue a retraction.
In your dreams Fake President
@OSWreview new invasion angle?
God, is this your way of teaching all of us what not to do? We have learned & we'll be good w/out Trump. Lucifer, please take Trump now.
You won't be in office much longer. 

R

U

S

S

I

A

#DontheCon
Um. You've done nothing. So the thanks belongs to Obama.
Stop reading fake news Obama put us nine trillion dollars in debt get the facts right nerd
I doubt that will happen, I could be wrong, who knows.
We voted 4 Pres Trump not MSMWe want 2 hear frm Pres Trump & his tweets r good We is working on r agenda no matr distrctns 
#MAGA 1 mountain @ a time keep moving forward
Consumer confidence at all time highs.
Consumer spending at all time lows.
Sounds like fake confidence to me!
You talk more about what the news & your voters think of you than implementing actual policies. You can't stand how bad your ratings are.
I will say that it's hilarious that the GOP talking heads are now a reality TV star (you) and a WWE wrestler (Fox News guest)
Not only is there fake confidence, but also fake stock market prices. You keep pumping but earnings haven't changed.
You inherited Obama's job growth & claimed it to be yours. Not only that, but your remaining supporters even somewhat believe you!
You've admitted that the economy does better under Democrats, yet you put in place bad policies because uninformed voters wanted them. SAD!
Oh. And guess who was president 20 years ago when you admit confidence was higher? President CLINTON.
Didn't Bill Clinton rape women?
The only thing you put first is your power and authority. Your abusing that. I don't know why I voted for you. You need meds Your a sick man
I don't know why you voted for him either.
I don't either
Matthew 6.19 lay not up for yourselves treasure upon earth, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and
thieves do not break through or steal. For where your treasure is, there will your heart also be  the light of
the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light. But if thine eye
be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how
great is that darkness. No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or
else he hold to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and the mammon.
You don't know the meaning of the words "put America first".
It's more like put yourself and your 1 percent 1st.
Exactly why it's called Faux News.  Look it up DT.
https://youtu.be/9OxbYva_szc 
How about putting the planet first over jobs ? Getting too late to get a president who believes in climate changes.
Clearly it won't.
How about your overall approval rating at a historic LOW 36%?
*Continues to make #RussiaFirst
.@realDonaldTrump - YES, O's GOOD ECONOMY & your sales of optimism is a perfect match! Can U sell declining economy w/o fulfilling promises?
Nope, just the richest, whitest, heterosexual, cis-gendered Americans will prosper. The rest if us r screwed. You. Are. The. WORST.
Work hard and get rich! #beastar #greatadvice #jointheclub
Both are bullies that pick on people that don't have the means to fight back...Pathetic!
FOX NEWS ALERT!  OH YEAH, WE'RE ALL LISTENING.  ACTUALLY, WE GET OUR NEWS FROM RELIABLE SOURCES WHO REPORT THE TRUTH ABOUT U & UR ENABLERS.
You mean by putting yourself first
JBL, Is this kayfabe? Is trump coming out in Wrestlemania 33?
Thank u Obama!
Thank you @BarackObama!! Trump actually DESTROYS BUSINESSES: does not pay bills, tweets scaring tourists away, slanders companies!! @CNN
Fake news
You need to thank Obama for all that you are seeing, it was his efforts that brought the US to this stability, not you! #CreditThief
Isn't that "Put Russia first?"
Consumer confidence is so high because Trump is actually doing what he promised.
@realDonaldTrump only the rich survive in your America. Be wary - we are winning though you can't admit it. #resist
Thank you Mr. President. MAGA!
Fake News. Only helps your wealthy friends.
Great job sir we're very proud of you and your soon-to-be complete Administration. We are behind you in draining the swamp
Sycophant. You're ruining America @realDonaldTrump, you self-centred liar.

Fake person. Russian troll
Putting America first by colluding with Putin and making Trump crap in Chinese factories and polluting American drinking water?
The big fat golfer in Chief. Do nothing president.
Just reading that makes my eyes burn!  Such a liar!!! America First?  You NEVER put America 1st.. Just you & Russia.  TRAITOR
FAKE NEWS!!!!!!!
Obama set that up for you don't screw it up
Thankyou Mr President for working to bring jobs back
Correction: #Russiafirst
Willy Legate, I'm waiting for you to offer an impressive idea to help the economy. You behave as if you have all the answers. Care to share?
Idiots with sequence of tweets approved by twitter!  TRUMP will drain the swamp & MAGA
Another delusional
Wonderful
Obama gets 32 of those quarters to his credit; Dubya gets 32 of those quarters. You're puny. & will remain so because you're a little man.
#FauxNews again? Low life crap organization. Just like your so-called presidency.

So... U R now referring to yourself as "America" huh? Sorry, but Russian traitors are not American, let alone representative of the nation.
Thank President Obama, still in his fiscal year, not yours.

U.S SHIT SHIT SHIT
Time will prove this- like all your other so-called successes have nothing to do with you.
thsnk you obama
The delusion will soon fade.
Mr. President we know you love your family but they do not belong in your White House council!  Steve Bannon is well able and has experience
#fakepresident #traitor
THEN START HERE!
Is that why your approval rating is at 35%?What' did you do? Offer Layfield a job?
More fake news from Fox. Gullible!
#jobs next please affordable housing please
Mr. President why are you going after the freedom caucus don't you know it was we the people called and said no repeal only
The president gets his "intelligence" from Fox News.  Why does he choose FAKE news?  Hmmmmmm.
Let's see where consumer confidence is in 4 years, after the middle class pays for wall, gets no tax break, gets no health care from you.
@williamlegate .. Dude, you have a serious obsession with Trump. You might want to see a doc.
I wish I was a rich white guy! Just look at all the crimes I could commit with impunity! I'm so jealous! You are my hero Mr. Trump!

You are ruining America and creating an even more unsafe World environment.
This dude used to be a pro wrestler.  I guess it's easier for the trump mouthbreathers to believe your alternative facts that way
we have Obama to thank for the improvement in the economy. Trump hasn't done anything yet but sell us out to Russia and undo Obama's wrk
Your administration's days are numbered.  Your supporters are either as evil as you are or they're fools.
Please he doesn't help the common people period it's all about the rich and that won't change
Taking credit for the work of administrations before you and contuniuning to manipulate information and lie makes you chump.  Step down now
8 years babeee!
thanks @BarackObama
No, you are putting your interests and billionaires first.  Some of us are not so stupid as to believe the BS.
Your administration is full of corrupt swamp dwellers. Is there anyone left not being investigated? Even your family is being investigated.
JBL, WWE, explains ur presidential campaign. Ofcourse u were a good friend of mcmahons. Reality president, second rate actor, scripted story
that's funny cuz true 2 UR cowardly roots dodging VietNam, you know how to hid conveniently and hid from view when DOW was down 8daysInArow
If you are SOOOOO concerned about what happened to the women, men, children, and babies in Syria...  WHY WONT YOU LET THEM SEEK REFUGE HERE?
#therealfakenews
#hahahaha you're such a joke
I haven't seen that yet.  Mostly you saving your ego.
To bad you're approval rating is in the toilet. You are doing a shitty job and destroying this planet. You realize you need to breathe too.
say more
Leaves out 8 years of Obama.
Which so far consists of taking credit for deals made during Obama's term. I guess if you want to keep supporting Obama's work, I'll take it
Of course, the war on capitalism ended with Obama and his socialist regime
FIRST  F-Feasible I-Involvement R-Relevantly S-Streamlines T-Teams 2 #MAGA
That's what happens when you inherit a country that is in good shape.  #thankyouobama
Make that RICH Americans first, you have no regard gor anyone else.
This guy thinks that Sun rises because he crows.
This is in spite of you, not because of you.
FAKE NEWS - money generated out of hot air causes more poverty ONLY leads to bigger divide of rich and poor - see the colours and reality.
Putting #AmericaFirst by adding a couple of trillion to our deficit? You need to stop. You continually lie. #Resign #trumpregrets
Your so called administration is almost DEAD !
You can't claim you had ANYTHING to do with this. You've been in office, like barely 100 days man..
@FoxNews is Fake News
Not American you Meehan Wall Street, Russia and your pocket books
Forces against u were never imagined by anyone b4 u are such a great leader u show perpetually how to overcome!
You've a very narrow definition of America.  Please try to help America and not just the financial interests of your immediate family.
"This" does not erase all the crap with the lying,corruptness,and selecting a cabinet that has the power to manipulate the NYSE!
based on promises that are proving lies, still lagging behind S&P 500 and Nasdaq...and in 1987 there came the sharp bear market
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
We're all waiting for you guys to put America First. I am realizing that America First to you means something different than it does to me.
And our Confidence in you is at a record low. That's a historical record low too. Hit It out of the park as a foul ball old man.
But you have not done a thing for consumer confidence to increase, so stop taking credit for doing nothing.
So throwing 24 million people out of coverage, and killing 2 million jobs is your idea of "love"? Figures.
You've never put anyone but yourself and your money first.  America ain't buying your Fake news.  Obama handled it, u cant.
Still waiting for you to "put America first". So far you've only put yourself and children first.  SHAMEFULLY SAD
STILL WAITING for you to #PUTAmericanSFirst  We don't want your #BULLSHIT we want a #REALPRESIDENT who listens to Americans, Not tells them

Jules Suzdorktsev is a idiot.
Idiots with sequence of tweets approved by twitter!  TRUMP will drain the swamp & MAGA
whew..he found someone to find the fox news channel after accidentally sitting on the remote.   all is well again.
More like YOU first.  Lining your pockets in the long run.
Sorry they have been doing nothing but going down for two weels now pretty much. This must be old
@Tyler_Clancy JBL got a shoutout from the president of the unites states for his economic stance. America.
Awesome
Joey Styles fucked that pussy up.
WAIT A MINUTE! Is that MarALago in the background? Your hosting Fox Eews at the golf course this weekend
Damn good thing Obama saved the economy after the Bush crash.
Thanks Obama.
you don't put America first liar. You put you and the rich first. That is ALL you care about. Actions r louder than words
Fakenews
You've never put America first. Your greed, yes, it's first. Then your daughters greed, her husbands greed, your sons greed. Nothing left
Fake news came first then Donald Trump called them out on it. They've always been against him
Thank you President Trump. Also please drain the DOJ, FBI, and school district swamps!
Previous presidents didn't rely on TV shows for information, nor promote any one media source above another, nor tweet gossip while golfing
Stop ruining things that I like
