Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
The More They Lie The More They Inherit What They Deserve! #MSN @NBCNews Keep It Up! Your Doing A Fabulous Job 4 Trump 2020 Win! #MAGA

I see the evil the Left breath down the President's neck every minute of every day and it is vile and sickening to those who love God!
Speak for yourself. I love God and I know Donald Trump doesn't have even a nodding acquaintance with Him.
Media is corrupt like the old white house. I thank fox and twitter and president trump for cleaning house and finally getting it great again
The only House he's cleaned is the WH  and it's the same people he appointed that resigned
Some may say that those people that resigned are able to get more accomplished for President Trump without the constraints of the deep state
 nice try. Only the racist Bannon thinks he can help but he is actually hurting Trunp.  Deep State...sounds like Hannity BS to me! 
#NYC #NBCUniversal (with their #Comcast #E! etc investments) among guilty creating #LGBTQF #MattBomer & #FanGirlsFanBoys(NEVER WAS/NEVER A #CAFFREY) impersonates worldwide #LawEnforcement aka #JIHAD #Anaty99 with #anaty9 & #Terrorists #MercenariesForAnyTerroristGroup #DrugCartel

Actually theyre pretty much spot on.
NBC,CBS,CNN,NY times, fake news.
Those you call "the PEOPLE" are a rapidly-shrinking minority who still believe your bullshit. 32% approval rating! BAD! DISASTER! #impeach
Freedom of speech, enough said. Colliding with Russia is more disrespectful to our country, than any protest. Vote machines were hacked. FIX
This country is always under attack by the globalist lizard people. Stay strong Trump.
Are we at the golf course yet?
Trump you are #1..... on the list Worst and Most Moronic Presidents ever!
If they’re lying about you, prove it. There are Libel laws as well as defamation laws. If they’re lying, do something about it.
Trump, you are the FAKE news !!! Mueller is close ...YOU should be VERY worried !!! 
In contrast your @foxandfriends has CONVICTED FELON, can't own a gun @DineshDSouza on discussing gun control. We get it, loud and clear.
Ok Liar in Chief
"The People Get It!" Which ones? The 32% who support you?

#ImpeachTheMoron

Yes, please pray for him....... To vacate the office ASAP.
Sigh. Tweetstorm. Sooooo, what news is coming out today that you don't want us to see? Doing bad shit again, Donnie?
Lol
Hitler wanted his propaganda minister to sensor the news and social media too! Is this what you’re dictating? Put on your big boy pants!
This is the only White House that can't keep people in the administration!!  Well except for Sneaky Jared and your daughter!!!
I can't believe anybody still watches them.  They lie and then double down!  #MSM has lost all credibility.
You are either a Russian bot or drinking Trump koolaid. Stop just watching Trump owned Fake Fox News.  Wake up our country is under attack.
#MSM #FakeMedia #FakeFakeNewsFacts  Your are so right! Amen
70% of Americans do 'get it'.  The media is not our enemy.  YOU are.  Mueller is getting closer and closer, bubba.
You don’t get enough coverage. We should show more video of you to make sure people see the real you!
So only your family members matter? Because they are the only ones that sorta understand your ramblings.
"knowingly inaccurate?" Someone else might say this, but not you. You have a long record of knowingly lying. Class rank @ Penn for starters.
Your approval rating is at an all time low. The people really DO get it! Dotard Nazi.
BTW I see NBC is reporting that another hurricane might be headed your way. Almost like your 'God' is mad about having a Dotard president.
Like the inaccuracies, no....lies, that YOU always tell, Donnie? Such as things In Puerto Rico were going well? They are NOT.
The lies that you wouldn’t TOUCH Medicare or Medicaid but the budget going to the senate has HUGE cuts to both?
You are unhinged.
Yes we get it and they are just making their own self look stupid. Same goes for late night host and celebrities we see them as puppets
Because their "reporting" is not reporting.

It is political propaganda!
THEY USE THE MEIN KAMPF MANUAL PAGE 1..
LIE ENOUGH ,,,SO NO ONE KNOWS THE TRUTH
Lol, you've been duped by a false quote from Brez. Are you this unable to research for yourself, this gullible, or a this Russian shill?
No you're running scared because they're so right. Soon you'll be impeached and we'll be rid of your toxicity. 32% hahahahahaha loser.
Which people get it?  Your 5 family members in the White House?
If the people "get it" then why do fewer than 1/3 of the American population still support you?
Your approval ratings are tumbling and you know it.  Why have you yet to touch on the fact that the economy lost jobs for the first time in 7 years?  You are ruining what @BarackObama fixed!
There is a good reason why less than 1/3 of America approves of your job.  Even republicans are turning against you!
#trumpisabitch
#trumpisadotard
#TrumpIsAFuckingMoron 
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist 

#MuellerIsComing
@realDonaldTrump
Impeach this fucking nightmare of a monster. This Russian puppet. This money-laundering fool. This racist Nazi fuck.
Poignant, full of sentence enhancing words, and generally a well formulated, concise critique-  I like you Tom
Sorry, I'm more of a database systems architect than a wordsmith :)
Well, you're pissed off and that's all that matters, lol.
Anyone not pissed off about the NRA defending guns after the biggest mass murder in US history has mental disease.
Ban guns all you want, criminals will still get to them
And yet, where they’re banned,
Mass shootings rarely happen.
But hey, “facts”, who cares.
What facts are you looking at
Apparently Trump can deny birth control to millions of American women – but can’t do a thing about guns
Birth control pills and other forms of birth control are medically prescribed and should be covered. Just like your viagra
I love when you bring God into your speeches and conversations it literally sends the libs over the edge bc we all know they detest religion
God Bless you sir! 
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link we must resist the urge to give in to the media's non stop onslaught & lift our weaker bro&sis

You think he actually believes this? Hahahaha. I gotta bridge to sell you
Sore loser get on with your life Hillary will never be President Thank the Good Lord
Your boy will be removed from office in disgrace and you will be shocked. It’s coming fella, very soon
And ET is coming back to earth haha
Just because you do not like facts evidence and Data does not make them dishonest!
Perhaps if you would get things right; look out for the very people who elected you (&even those who didn't), you would get better coverage!
The liberals are off the cliffs nuts.. would not work..
Mr. President I love the way you have exposed the liberal lying media and their networks. We know the truth & liberals are running scared.
Amen brotha, amen! Thank you! 
Yes sir my friend just doing my part to let our leader know and those sick libs know that we are here and are not leaving we got his back
All 32 percent?
Vivian we'll see you in November 2018 & 2020 as we roll along continuing to pick up momentum while you support Kneelers & flag burners
You are quite the commedienne
You, Mr. President, are also inaccurate almost every time you open your mouth!
True.. God bless you President Trump 
FYI: ALL NBC news sources are quite accurate, unlike @FoxNews.
The Left are totally vile and corrupt, evil and only seek to destroy while claiming they are righteous in doing so! Classic Satan character.

...u are mistaken. I am on the ground and I know people who voted for u want u to stop this divisive rhetoric and negativity
Yes,Yes,Yes,
Yes we see that you are trying to disarm the truth, our news, and the smart people get it.
Your criticism of the media is reminiscent of Hitler and the Nazis' use of the term Lügenpresse. Perhaps you can explain the difference.
How about fining reporters who lie ? Tired of the fake news. Makes it hard to tell the forest from the treesMAGA 
How about impeaching a president that lies? Plenty of proof that he has....
EVERY NEWS SOURCE IS UNRELIABLE IN UR EYES! you have called every one of them fake! Quit spewing lies!
which PEOPLE are you referring to? Surely only the ones you OWN.

DJT, I am the “people” and I get it. NBC and MSNBC report the truth.  I trust them. You?  Not so much.
Oh really? You are nuts!


Like this fake news????
https://amp.usatoday.com/story/736618001/ …
The PEOPLE need @DippinDots !
Chris Davis is a crybaby Hillary bot
It's also irresponsible for a president to spout unsubstantiated claims and opinions as fact. Be more responsible, sir. You owe the US that.
The only people that think NBC is fake news are the 32% that support you. Lordy! That is a terrible approval rate. Time for you to resign.
They put real people on and show you speaking. Not like the "I read this on the internet" type of garbage that passes for news on Fox.
Peace Love and understanding is what we are, if you don't get it.. You eventually will
Your grifter family gets it, the rest of America knows NBC is #1 and we know whenever you open your Cock Holster only lies come out
So much fake news around me got to dig for the truth
YOU are a moron liar and nobody believes your stupid tweets except your very stupid base
For someone so obsessed with ranking and rating know you're not even a legitimate 45.
Right, NBC News inaccurate. I'm inclined to believe them long before Trump Enquirer
The people don’t get it or you! Your diluted. Oblivious to things around you. You need mental help.
You’re the liar.

No. you, Donald trump, are NOT #1
If it's not true, why won't Tillerson deny it?
Got it...

YOU MUST BE SHITING YOURSELF KNOWING @NBCNews IS RIGHT & ACCURATE...

NOW THAT'S FUNNY...

YOU ARE A LOSER

YOU ARE A MORON
very fake news zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz snoozer losers at NBC

Lol would you prefer CNN
Stop tweeting this crap, where's your post about removing the right to receive the pill?
Yes we get it. You cry fake news anytime some one says the evil truth about you.
All 32% of them.  Bigly.
Don’t let argument about high tax states let you bend to democrats. Why do they have higher taxes and who caused it? Democrats democrats
Right on Boss, NBC is fake news
@realDonaldTrump is so knowingly inaccurate with tweeting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters!
and you voted for the "fu*king moron" anyway...
Can I have some of what you take to come up with all this delusional crap? Most people don't approve of you. That's reality. #RealityCheck
Mr President people get we have a 1st amendment
And you trump are an idiot , why don't you go back to your tower, and stay there, until they throw you in prison.
“this is more accurate”, replied Marie Antrumpette.
That's right. 66 million of us get it. 
only th emental Trump is going after the media and looses every time!! Why ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RijB8wnJCN0 … ^^
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1733884256643057/ …
Only SAUDI-AUSTRALIAN owned FAKE NEWS faux is sticking with lying,rationalizing your racist,sexist incompetence. 32%, YOU LIE,even TO YOU.
No, MSNBC was actually kind to you. They left out the "fucking" part before  "moron"
NBC is very accurate! You crying Fake News is your way of soaking us in propaganda so you can run amuck. Crooked liar and money launderer.
Forget about it,ya got millons of Americans that know what you're all about and will continue to support you,nuff said.
WTF?
Just wait until CNN is owned by Att their fake ship will go out the window. Att is a great company.
The people also get it about you; that’s why your approval ratings sit in the 35% range. Two-thirds of US thinks you are a fool.
Only 32% get THAT. Dork.
32%
The people get it? You mean your blind, uneducated follower? Not even 32%
Yes we get, you're the worst President in history, that I can tell you.
If you mean the far right red neck  bigots like you you may be right Donnie #!
Love NBC.
You know who's inaccurate, yours truly.  Someday listen to what your saying. Half the time it doesn't make any sense.
#FakePresident
@realDonaldTrump 
The Beat, All In, TRMS, the Last Word & the 11th Hour will give you all the time you want every nite! Put up or shut up!
Potus need to resign. We get that big time.
Yawn... You're redundant and a bore. 
That was meant for @realDonaldTrump .
Innocent people were victimized. I am in prison for the crime using those as circumstantial evidence to sentence me, because court-Appointed
There are no honest networks left but FNC.
No...People are still in shock for voting you in...Biggest mistake ever...
#TrumpIsAFuckingMoron

Just because they don't support you?
Yeah, the people get it, which is why only 26% of the people think America on the right track.  First job losses in 7 years. Thanks, Trump!
#FakeNews #FakePresident #DotardTrump
They report ur exact words and actions.
What’s the matter? Poor little Donnie got his feelings hurt? Maybe Bob Corker can help.

That's why  we NEED your tweeting to tell us what's going on. Or from your people! Even in the middle of night! Some are up yes all night!
I believe NBC more than POTUS.

Your constant lies makes you a joke of the free world, and sadly America is paying the price.
You're signing your tweets "Not #1" now?
I guess it's an improvement on "Sad".
you’re a toddler who is told he can’t have candy at a grocery store. Whines over and over again on the same thing. I trust @NBCNews over u
I  @NBCNews and @CBSNews and @ABC and @AlArabiya_Eng and @BBCWorld and @NPR etc. etc. You, @realDonaldTrump, not so much.
How many lies have YOU told this week?
You do realize that you’ve called out almost every major news station out there right? Seems to me that YOU are the problem, not them.
we totally get it, Donnie - you're the worst President of all time.
Bet youre scared.NBC is&always has been truthful. You believe them when they say positive things.Youre like a baby that NEEDS ANY attention

Honestly, donny, I trust NBCNews more than you.

IKR...so sad. so...so...so...very, very sad.
What is they got it? they agree w/you? U r feeding everybody so much shit, it's a wonder anything is gotand, btw, if u want to play with the
Yes we get it ! Lying Donald
am with the president the people got it and that's what matters.
You only tell the truth 5% of the time. It would be best if the shut off your phone.
PEOPLE = 34%   U tweeting about = its real...

#TrumpLies #TrumpResign #TrumpRussia #FakeNews #Resist #MAGA


Patriots don't watch NBC and all other anti-American, fake news peddlers. We are focused on MAGA! 
Thanks to the p dossier we now know why you're stained permanently orange.
Stop blowing junk up your nose and grow up!
Trump #not#1
Is NBC also knowingly inaccurate about Harvey Weinstein, or are they only fake when it's about you?
And a majority of people know, including Rex Tillerson, Donny is a moron

No you just can't handle the truth
Impeach the moron now.
Yeah we get it!  We get your approval rating is 32% and you’re the worst President in history!  You and your family are corrupt!
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
Hope they do a story on how Trump solicits campaign money from overseas.  I have email to prove it.
There's this thing called the RULE OF LAW DONALD!.. AND A THING CALLED DIPLOMACY!. USE IT OR STEP DOWN
Rachel maddow is the best
Funny how the entire world and media are all erroneous, when in less than a year you have perpetrated over hundreds of lies in your tweets
Babble babble
Foil and frabble
Your brain is about to squeak!
EEK! EEK! EEK!
#TheResistance #Resistance #resist #altGov #AltFam #WeAreAltGov
This is what @POTUS does when he’s nervous. Mueller! He Tweets all day. “if you lie over and over they will believe you eventually”
everything you've ever said is a confession, a projection. your own past tweets predict your behavior.
Hahahahaha try again liar
Actually, just 32% of the people "get it". The other 68% really GET IT. Why, otherwise ,do you just keep throwing red meat to that 32%
FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron
32% of us agree. The other 68% must watch NBC. But wait, the ratings...
Never listen MSM! Only You!

