Way down and negative, evil cowardly staff....what else can you say about @CNN don't forget about @MSNBC they beat them in Hate sometimes...

Entertainers and the public media you are paid performers and nothing else!  You are paid to act and recite scripts!


Criminal Coward #MoronDon and #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump attacks #FreePress yet again.

No wonder his approval ratings are WAY DOWN! 
Any news outlet, show, play etc who puts our President in a negative light is an utter and total disgrace.

Americans should sue the @FCC for failing to keep the MSM from inciting violence, reporting fake hate filled news, Fear tactics, & slander
So are your ratings? Are you a fake president?
Yes. Yes he is.
Stop watching the news, sit down with your intelligence agencies, and find something to think about that's more important than your "ratings."  (Theoretically) you're not a reality star anymore, remember?
Their ratings are higher than yours Donald.
For someone with terrible ratings, you’re awfully caught up on the ratings of others. Maybe focus on your own. #JustAThought
Can’t watch nbc anymore at all just a bunch of opinionated crazy theorists spewing hate , racism , with their socialist agenda sick of MSM
#FuckingMoron
get a flip phone like every other 70+ year old and delete your twitter. do a crossword or something. it’s embarrassing
Remember when @realDonaldTrump said he was going to bring us all together as a country? 

What a ham!
The largest single distributor of fake news is our POTUS when he congratulates himself on a job well done.
It's only "Fake News" when it's true and unflattering, eh, babyhands? LOL #SAD

Without objectivity
You have no credibility
Without credibility
You're #FakeNews…
@realDonaldTrump is #fakepresident is more dishonest than congress, he is a disgrace to the presidency.  No wonder his ratings are way down.
Speaking of low ratings...
Donald Trump is a Dishonest, crook, thief, lier and a con artist.  That’s the truth 45.  The only time you tweet is when the story is true.
I would be embarrassed if my 3rd grader resorted to lying bullying and insulting tactics you seem incapable of controlling.
NBC and CNN are WAY more reliable and believable than YOU, you #SOB. #TrumpLies #TrumpMoron

,Congrats to @NBCNews for being 1st in just about every category. And congrats to @POTUS for having record-setting low approval ratings.
We want Obama back
Any1 that doesn't support your every word,  in your opinion is #fakenews. Just because they talk about your failures doesn't make it fake
"Their ratings are down" is sooo 2016... #PrimeThePump and 'invent' a new cheesy catchphrase. #Moronic_Dotard
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion
You are an out of touch, foolish old man
Can you do a Buzzfeed-esque list of top fake news sites? I can't keep track of your bullshit anymore.
How are your ratings Pinnochio?
It couldn't be any clearer. 
#YouAreASociopath

Amen!
Media Give Trump Most Negative Presidential Coverage in 25 Years
Anything you don't like is automatically termed "fake news," but everyone knows it's really your ego.
Dude he might listen to you being Russian and all keep tweeting at him lol
And more real news
And more true news aww but guess this is fake too ummmmm
And ppl actually believe this shit? The most biased, false "news" source is Fox News. Pretty sure they have to classify as entertainment
Because everything they report is either wrong or so twisted it isn't the truth anymore and true news outlets aren't allowed to falsify info
Almost every major news outlet have their own political bias. If you believe in fox or CNN, you are delusional
I said "most biased" not "only biased." Fox is biased to the point they report outright lies & trump has the nerve to call out NBC/CNN?
You haven't seen CNN "staged interview" yet . Both side are nasty as hell. There is no need to compete for scale of lies
Not disagreeing simply saying that Fox "News" isn't really even news and Trump&supporters call every credible news source "fake"

#true
Loyalty
Thomas Jefferson knew you were coming.
I thought for sure, if there was one thing you understood, it was how to read tv ratings.
I’m man enough to admit when I’m wrong.
one difference between Trump and Putin, Putin is smart enough not to tweet!
You must spend an awful lot of time reading ratings, and eating magic mushrooms.
don't you ever wonder why EVERYTHING is "fake news"?  Maybe you're just a professional victim? Compensation? #MAGA ?
@NBCNews ratings are higher than yours. What's your excuse? Unfit for the job? Lying to America? Incompetent as a leader? Pick one-all apply
Dear Mr. Trump it’s time to get special investigation on Mr. Weinstein Time to pull the curtain on these disgusting people
Trump is a disgrace to the Office of the Presidency of the United States. Both CNN & NBC are 100 times more honest as TRUMP! 

 #LiarTrump
11should not perish, but have everlasting life. I pray We the People of America will choose Love, and Life and the God
I love cnn and msnbc we would be lost with out them all my thanks to all of them god bless them all.
your ratings are way down. Does this then mean you're fake news and a disgrace to good?
Take a look in the nearest mirror for a view of disgraceful.
#presidentmoron   I like it.
Fake news
fake president spreads more fake news than anything else
Why do u care? Why are u constantly putting ppl down? Unite this country man baby!
Yes indeed they have been wrong on everything..Price, Bannon, Priebus, Flynn..Keep covering yourself the truth will set you free.
Dude your going down . You are destroying this country. You are so bad at your job. Just stop tweeting.
My God ! When do you stop ? You are the fake news, you’re crazy and a liar .
Actually did not state he didn't say you are moron. He just said that people in his prior business career ignored stuff like that.
"Trump is #fakenews and more dishonest than ever. He is a disgrace to good presidents. No wonder his ratings are way down!"
And it's HARD to be more dishonest than #CNN...
You really have to work at it #NBC...
A brief reminder that u missed the true important event on this day while u massaged tour little ego..
Did you ever think that the news is real and your fake?
Sort of like your approval ratings!
In what country where the press is not free and independent are its people free and independent? The answer is no country.
Well that's quite a coincidence since I've heard your ratings are way down too.   
They seem pretty detailed for made up news. Hmmm. how did they get so many details? Cause it's all true and now ur so mad?
That pretty dishonest, that's almost Clinton level dishonest.
Do you think that’s why your ratings are way down, because of the fake news, or cause you’re a bad president?
Dont worry Donald, soon we will have a real president
NBC news are idiots.Even when their proven wrong,they still lie because they know that their listeners will believe anything anti-trump#MAGA
 Just a thought
And “good reporting” is Fox & the National Enquirer? Or anyone who kisses your ass?
Sounds like someone got his feelings hurt. Would the president like a cookie?  Smh. Ridiculous
Mr. President how about you stop worrying about what the news says bad about you and do something that makes them talk good. Just saying.
I don't think I've seen a tweet from this account which is remotely presidential. Say/do something befitting the role of the POTUS...
Hmm, I don’t think so. I love NBC news, Lester Holt, Rachel Maddow, Katy Tur & more.

The Man-boy Who Cries #FakeNews Wolf.
Hey @Scavino45, that's exactly like the tweet you sent from your personal Twitter. Is the boss now too lazy to write his own tweets?
This man is delusional  #45 is fake news I wish he was the fake president

@Healing_USA I tuned out long ago. #FakeNews CNN MSNBC NBC.
Did you just use the word "disgrace?" That is hilarious.
@DanScavino Wow!  That's quite the coincidence?  Original thoughts much?
TRUMP ADMITS ANYTHING ANTI TRUMP, IS #FAKENEWS. He knows it is not fake, just unflattering to him. #MAGA
Mr President Trump- you are my hero!!!! I trust and believe in you!!!! God Bless You and guide you!!!!
Yes indeed...America can spot a grifter of news a mile away thanks to you President Trump. We've been well educated on the lying attempt to hurt you and our country. We won't be fooled again!
The ratings up here When people say Fake News in 2017 thats a key indicator that its probably true news. Its a predictabe pattern now.
I LOVE NBC & CNN!!! THEY TELL IT EXACTLY HOW IT IS...You create your own fake news as you change your "stories" every 15 minutes.....
Need 2 have FCC make cable companies let me pick channels so my $ doesnt go to #FakeNews. #MAGA $ shouldn't pay 4 attacks on you. Grrr
I strongly suggest you get off Twitter and start focusing on running the country.
@realDonaldTrump I don't think you have room to talk about approval ratings.
Hmm, says the man who’s  a Fox news & Inquirer follower & cries out #FAKENEWS to legitimate reporters questioning @POTUS comments/lies! HA
Agreed 
Really drew? Don't support this clown b
POTUS is a liar and more dishonest than even the senate..he is a disgrace to good people..no wonder he's going to be impeached.. #urscum
White Rapper Eminem' takes U to school BIG time on national TV. lets see U go after him like u do BLACK Athletes #REALNEWS
Shut up
Trump is #fakePOTUS and more dishonest than Nixon. He is a disgrace to good POTUS. No wonder his ratings are way down. #trumpLIES
You know whose ratings are really down, DT? YOURS are! Please hurry, Mr. Mueller.
you're more dishonest than all of them combined. Maybe you should get off twitter and the golf course and actually be pres?
I think because of your hair situation you're confused about the word "fake".
the ratings are up.  You are clueless about reality.
Bring our real president back.  You make so many people sad, and afriad.
#fucktrump
What’s funny Mr President is you call any organization fake news when it doesn’t make you look good...do a favor to the country and resign
Their ratings are way down? Say, that kind of reminds me of your reality show!
#75% of news comes from the government.  #Whitehouse press conferences!

Your obsession with news organizations and their ratings is ridiculous.

Your ratings arent exactly stellar you know
And it rightfully should be
Just because you don’t like what they say doesn’t mean they’re wrong.
Blah, blah, blah. So tired of the daily rants. Fake News = baby didn’t get his way.
And @maddow has the #1 cable news show and btw you are the worst @POTUS ever. You are a #serialliar as well. That is a well known #FACT!
So sick of these liberals having a temper tantrum. I hope they have their massive baby fit on Nov. 4th so we can put them in their place
Whenever @realDonaldTrump calls something “Fake News” just remember that he considers the NATIONAL ENQUIRER to be quality journalism. 
And you're a fake president with low ratings



the only lies I read are the ones trump traitor tells
Your Absolutely Correct !
Takes one to know one
Why do you keep on about ratings? Seriously who gives a shit.
Don't you just hate the way we watch and listen to you on videotape? It's SO UNFAIR!!
wow do you have anything else to Say .... ? Besides fake news ? Try running the country downhill . Oh wait your doing that
You lie to the American people every day.  Tiresome and undemocratic when you attack free press because they report the truth about you.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2058181304208048&id=100000485941327 …
@realDonaldTrump to quote Rex Tillerson. " fucking moron"
Stop. Just stop. Please. Time for someone sensible to be in charge now. You've had your fun but now you are just ridiculous
Awwwww, NBC is number one. Ask Kellyanne. Ahhh, why bother, she'll tell you what you wanna hear
Busted now disgusted Tillerson didn't lie nor did #NBC #45isafuckingmoron so undoubtedly TRUE
Gave up watching NBC last year. They don't even attempt to hide their bias. That's not journalism.
Your a disgrace to America fake president
So true President Trump; they are trying to brainwash us
All this libtards are saying is not true!! Proven fact libtards!! Go back to basement and hide
Compared to #FakeNews from the Whitehouse NBC is gold.
YOUR ratings are BAD with your #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica MAGA politics

#TrumpResign
But are they more dishonest than you?  That is the real question.
Trump is a #idiot and more dishonest than even Hillary Clinton. He is a disgrace to the US. No wonder his approval ratings are way down!
Just crybaby losers who are still stuck in stage one, keep erasing every trace of obama from our history Mr President, #MAGA
We're sick of hearing about 'fake news'. Please help to save the SS United States, one of the greatest ocean liners ever. #unitedstates
Why are your “ratings” way down then mr president? You must be the biggest liar of them all
Did you see anderson cooper got a news emmy for honesty! Did you ever win an award at your great show?
All main stream medias are no longer News or Fake News. They are Propagandists therefore they are Propagandist News!

The Steele Dossier is nipping at Trump's bone spurs. Come for the Ritz-Carlton Water Sports, stay for the collusion. http://tinyurl.com/y98eyd8q  https://twitter.com/williesband/status/830323325679251461 …
Anyway, was it "moron" or "fucking moron"?
Moron is right though bigly!!
Donald j trump is a fake president, no wonder his ratings are so low SAD so SAD
I agree 100%
#1. NBC's ratings are way up (maybe your staff is afraid to tell you and #2. The biggest disgrace to this country is the man in your mirror
Mr. President -- You LIE. Everybody KNOWS you lie. You lie EVERY DAY. Why should anyone believe you? You LIE too much to be believed. EVER.
#fakepresident #impeach
Your ratings are lowest of the low.  In the toilet . Is that why you're upset???  Let's focus on Puerto Rico 
I cant wait until you're out of the people's house
PLUS, NBC spent $69 MILLION DOLLARS, of its OWN MONEY, for a THREE YEAR CONTRACT, to get LOSER Megyn Kelly!!! 
And your fake news and reporting is degrading to the American people!  No wonder your ratings are way down!
So much disrespect for our President! You people are sick
Free press is not controlled by the government. It speaks truth to power and sometimes the truths is ugly
