Please resign.

And there you go again making the situation all about you
I'm just going to leave these right here...
Ya suppose he really believes ANYBODY listens to primary rigging,DNC shills&Hillbot Dems, or knows that very few Dems are left now anyway
Power in the hands of the selfish is useless to everyone else. Calling a woman Nasty when she is desperately begging for help is repulsive.
I would be proud to be called a #nastywoman by Trump. It means that you are doing something right
She is there with her people doing every thing in her power to help the , she is doing a great job what have you done?attacking the NFL?Sad
you need to read this thread.
I hate the democrats
San Juan mayor @CarmenYulinCruz hold press conference saying FEMA is failing San Juanwith few provisions 
You have no shame it's one lie after another.
It's always someone else's fault when no one agrees with you or calls you out ! Buddy it's your own damn fault! #ImpeachTrump  he is evil
Remember the movie Training Day. They're coming.
Are you serious? Or insane? Combination of both?
Who's the "snowflake"?  Donnie gets his fweelins hurted.

#Cop from #PuertoRico calls radio station to claim #Trump Relief Effort is being sabotaged. True? 

#MAGA  #PR #PuertoRicanLivesMatter 
Edemol "news" ? Unverified caller ?  You know Edemol is owned by Fox, Right ? Dutch and Aussie owned.
"Commander" Yulín (San Juan Mayor) does NOT represent Puerto Rico. She is a communist, a performer, liar and anti-American, who needs the visit of the @FBISanJuan  ASAP
Carmin is a kind of a queen"!
The evil queen from Snow White
Its not a bee,shes a fly,understand?
Anyway
I got it! La Communist Yulin is not a bee  as a bee can sting and hurt you. Whereas a fly is harmless that you can swat away. I say she's more like a caught in webs of lies.
It's not like we couldn't see this coming a week out
This is low even for you.
Great job Sir!!!
The Mayor of San Juan's response to you is totally justified. You have proven time and again that you are devoid of compassion.

Call your Representatives. Trump is unfit for office. He is letting people die because of his ego. #ImpeachTrump #PuertoRicoRelief
NO! She's upset b/c your ineffectual non-response and callous disregard are literally going to kill some of the Americans she serves!
Ain’t gonna work Mr President! We ARE GOING TO REMEMBER HIS BS when they want to become a State!!! I say HELL NO, you can’t do this & B1ofUS
Ur 4 more babies &old ppl dying &more starving &thirsting to death? U know the 3star gen down there says he doesnt hv enuf men 2 do job rt?
You need to stop watching CNN because they will NEVER tell you anything truthful!!!
Umm...that's not from CNN. Are u afraid that if u read what general in chg says abt not enuf troopsto do the job u'll realize ur wrong?
Who are you quoting?

Are you four?
Um u own the People of Puerto Rican citizens 33 million in ur bankrupt golf course down there!  Time to pay up!!!!
All your shipping buddies pissed off at you now, donnie?  You mad??
Liberals and their corrupt Union backers are calling the shots now.
https://twitter.com/nia4_trump/status/914179603215917056 …
Why are we constantly talking about kneeling? What about the reason the kneeling began? Does anyone even remember what that was about?
In this case I think the tweet is about getting on your knees and praying to God, like christians do by their bedside (or used too)
The Democrats would never have said that Trump DIVIDER NOT A UNITER IMPEACH THE DUMB ASS NOW! GOP WAKE UP WILL DESTROY GOP
Democrats are destroying the world!
I hate you. you are a bad bad man.

Your point is moot now that we've elected The Former Host of The Apprentice, a reality TV Star, to be POTUS.
Mayim,you and all celebrity's are Citizens too,you have the same right's as the rest of us! Keep up the good work
Spreading hate isn't "a good work" it's ok to disagreement but acidic hate is just terrible & in President Trump's case unfair
You’re delusional ... Trump’s been publicly spreading hate for decades & has gotten worse since becoming president. 
#Impeach
#Resist
Sorry telling the truth isn't spreading hate! 1 can disagree but what's its done so far isn't normal or fair
Ahhhhhh. Poor Ickle donald
Everything’s about your fragile, hypersensitive little ego, isn’t it?
Don't forget his freakishly small hands.
#Hillary2020RunHillaryRun  Keep voting for losers.
She actually won, but whatever. Your guy isn't going to still be in office by the time the next election rolls around.
I normally don't concede my own voice, but this man said it so perfectly well that I will make an exception:
Didn't Rather lose his job for lying about Bush? Just curious.
Hypocrisy at its best. Rather gets ousted for using bad intel, once. Trump lies every single day, even making up his intel, and nothing, yet
Wait? WHAT? Rather LIED to the entire WORLD to try and throw a US ELECTION. Maybe RATHER colluded with the RUSSIANS. Time to investigate!!
Where is any evidence that Trump had ANYTHING to do with the Russians? And WHY are there ZERO Russians under investigation after 10 months?
#Resign #ImpeachTrump #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TheResistance #Resistance #DumpTrump #Ditch45 #HelpPuertoRico #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
President Trump never called her "Nasty" but boy did she run with the lie. Corrupt @repGutierrez ran over with a tee-shirts. He said the "Dems"  told her to be Nasty to him. 
Communist Idelogies for years. Wants independence of U.S. When Castro died, she wanted to die too
Prob. has not been tossed your #Complimentary solid gold paper towel holder yet. Suggest you try #AmazonTracking
Stand w President Trump.
Thank you for supporting Puerto Rico.
We support President Trump.
Why? He's literally done nothing but tear this country apart.
#ImpeachTrump
So the all the companies who are moving back to this Country thanks to HIM is doing nothing? Gm, Ford, Foxconn, Lockheed Martin just a few..
You haven't named a single company that is actually moving 'back' to America. More importantly, most of them hold contracts w/ U.S. already.
They never said they were totally moving back. They said they were moving jobs back. Big indifference.Try to keep up with reality & not CNN.

MAYOR CRUZ IS A FRAUD

She's LYING to #SanJuan to protect the Trucker…
Get her Chief! She is not our voice nor our leader we want her out for good. #fbi needs to speed up the process
She's a nobody

#FakeNews #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief 

LYING Leftist Mayor-"No Help from Trump"-with a WAREHOUSE of Trump AID behind her.

…
https://twitter.com/conservtivegurl/status/914780358721359872 …
This really sound like a 4th grader talking to him Mom or Dad!  You are truly pathetic. This guy has a mind of his own.

Other Mayors in Puerto Rico are slamming San Juan Mayor for lying & for refusing to meet with Local FEMA officials to coordinate care
#IStandWithTrump
#TrumpTrain 
The insanity is getting worse.
♡God, give us strength♡
WE WILL #MAGA BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY!
#RedNationRising
Responding to Trump's vile insults with the truth seems to hurt his delicate fee-fees and yours.
Jaun the #pawn
A lie!

Mayor of San Juan in a custom-made shirt, more focused on bashing Trump than being productive.

Governor of Puerto Rico disagrees with her. 
Fighting nasty with nasty has been going on in America since the founding of the country and you're not going to change it liar in chief.
@CarmenYulinCruz It does not represent the values of the Puerto Ricans, it's only a communist opportunist. She's just a buffoon that has brought shame to us as Puerto Ricans and North American citizens.
Can you be nasty to her and investigate her whereabouts?
I call them the Dementocrats!
Why was the Mayor of San Juan so pleasant to President Trump and then took a U Turn of animosity a couple of days later?
Because people are dying and our president doesn't give a shit, that's why.
Whenever there is a problem, you must remain calm and think rationally. Maybe we in our small capacity can raise funds for such victims
There are many people raising money for victims. But the federal government is the only one who can help distribute supplies.
Thousands of shipping containers full of food,water &medicines were sitting unused at Puerto Rico's Port of San Juan, no  transportation
@thePerisock Do you believe this?
Absolutely. Cross party lines and your career is done
It’s all political bullshit. A power struggle between two parties who have lost focus on who they are supposed to serve.
That's for certain. I know you'll  at the source, but I don't hear her responding to this:
She doesn't have time to respond to kindergarten comments. She literally is seeing dead people. More important than politics.
When FEMA calls you out, and publicly states you’re not even in contact w/ them during a crisis, it proves she’s not busy doing her job
Maybe I’d believe it if he said it on another network, ya know, a more reputable source.
T was FEMA no matter what network it was on. You think the liberal media is ever going to cover points that work in his favor?
- Like you're not nasty?  Oh stop the whining.  You're SUPPOSED to be the leader of a NATION, for Christ's sake!
These childish quarrells you attach so profoundly to, are a waste of time. Please, please DON'T GENERALIZE!! Puerto Ricans DO work hard!!
Hello you SOB
Oh, really? Could it be that they're digging out from *two* hurricanes with little help from U.S., only now getting help?
#SOP
Stop dividing our country, you Russian bot.
Can you prove that. I'll wait. #LockHimUpNow #ImpeachTrump #PRStrong #Marseille #RussiaGate
Democrats are despicable.
You are dealing with some simple minded, myopic individuals Mr President
Wow, you realise how delusional and paranoid that is right?
U R such a coward, a spectalur liar, a disgrace to our country
 U couldn't B bothered 2 comment on Puerto Rico.  Just leave, go back 2 UR gold palace & let better people care about us
Wait, why does she need to compliment you??
@POTUS makes $$ valuations by "walking around and thinking about it," per his court testimony. Evidently, he finds out everything that way.
Work on this Left!
you need to just shut up.
Mr. Trump, why don't you stop talking about others and start being a president for a change?
Why are you not helping the American citizens in Puerto Rico??
That should be easy after she discovers that trumps just coming in for a photoshoot nothing more it's all political
I hate you with all my heart
Back to referring to yourself in third person... another sign you are losing it. You blew it, get them all the help they need fast. Blood is already on your hands... forget football for a day. get off the golf course... get to work!
Cut off puerto
Your doing Great Sir!!!
what a bunch of baloney. Be the president and take care of these people. You are pitiful.
Lying.
You have not one shred of decency or compassion or empathy in your blood. Why the delay in lifting the Jones Act, you *ssh*
This is probably the most appropriate time to accost the people of Puerto Rico and their government.
I want to know how and why she had shirts printed without electric as she is dieing
Patriotic Americans despise your Orangeness!
I second that in experiences w/ cafe thugs contributing to communism, domestic terrorism, Must protect & defend against trollstice!
Trump you whining b****. Be a man, take the heat the it comes, and move on!
I'm really terrified of what the outcome of your presidency is going to bring my children.
You're insane
Fortunately normal people do not take orders from polititions. The Mayor of San Juan has certainly proven she can think all by herself
U are so immature. What happened to u as a child?
67K likes. Russian bots are busy again.
holy hell...... you really aren't that bright. Guess you can be dumb and still be rich....
It’s repulsive, infantile messages like THIS that are reason @twitter needs DISLIKE button. 45 needs (-) feedback; all he sees is likes & RT
I ant every one to be nasty to donald dumpt
Idiot.
Hey Trump will u send me the biggest Sony Bravia OLED TV Please? That would be Awesome!
Get over yourself.  PR needs help.  Where are You.  If you aren't on the ground U don't know what is truly happening...
President Trump you are so direct and accurate once again. It is so obvious and the democrats don't even try to hide it.
Has Mayor of San Juan paid dock workers Cash on Demand yet? She controls $$ in/out of port. Maybe she wants to distract from #corruption
Get over yourself.
Actually she wasn't nasty. What motivated her comments was your poor performance. Nice photo op tossing rolls of paper towels.Classless!
Who would believe you? You must help Puerto Rico. Paper towels just won't do it.
BULLSHIT!!!
What. The hell. Is wrong with you?
Another blatant lie!!!!!!
Some would should ask kim k how that crow taste she should keep her big hole shut she dont know whats going on in pr
You are seriously delusional.
Where did you get that? From what I have read FEMA and others are helping big time now that they are there.
Quit being divisive. Work with the democrats & you will accomplish something! Bring people together, that is what we expect our Prez to do
Throwing paper towels did you forget your T-shirt Cannon?
No. You're a racist scumbag who wouldn't help US citizens in distress, dragging your feet intenitonally. #impeach
It's sad when the Pres states the damage in PR will affect the budget. Instead he should not fund the wall and devert funds to PR, Tx, & Fl
How dare you politicize the tragedy in Puerto Rico. Hopefully you and your family will never have to deal with this type of tragic event.
Trumps base thinks the same way....they do not care about anything so let just give it back to them...#SOBpotus
Poor little guy and his ignorant minions must have their little feelings hurt. Wake up, he is lying again.
Excellency you asked for it
我操尼玛的傻逼川普
She's not a Democrat she's a COMMUNIST THAT'S A DIFFERENT THINK...
Good evening Mr. President: After 2 months, of her drama.....where are the dying people?
I'm more #Concerned with #Bringing in #Refugees!WTH!!!!

So sad that we can't stand together! God Bless our troops and volunteers!
I'm pretty 100% sure the #Dems  wouldn't waste their time telling her to be "nasty" to you. Rep and Dems have more to do then your mud sling
You are fake news
And the hate goes on
Keep believing what they are telling you. She was never complimenting you. She's to good for that. Stop dreaming and wake up.
Liar but thanks to Oxfam Relief Aid, they'll take care of #TrumpsKatrina!
You're insane...seek help.
It's all over FB.
She called you out & you got nothing. #NoGameDonald
The Democrats are just exercising their Hitler based platform and no dought threatened him & his family if he didn't do as he was told to
sir stop using politics. This is a disaster of human suffering. Do your job.
And there is also FAIRIES in my backyard as well!
GROW THEUP TRUMP!QUIT COSTING US MILLIONS AT YOUR RESORTS AND ABUSING YOUR OFFICE! YOUR A PETTY, COMMON CRIMINAL THAT IS CANCER TO THE USA
go to hell Trump, I pray for karma every day!
OMG get over yourself!
You know how you can tell Trump is a Republican? He has elephant ears.
I don't think she needed anyone to tell her anything.  You killed people due to your incompetence.
I will take this "nasty" woman over you any day. This is what leadership looks like. #nastywoman
That's so wrong! No weapon formed against you shall prosper, Mr. President
Bad Democrats,  but not all of them
Leave them out in the cold,  if we did,  oh no $$ for use, & the gov. Would cut our check s asap.
An insult to our veterans, hard-working law-abiding citizens, our nation's former-leaders, our children, ancestors,,
What Democrat Donald.  You are a sadistic liar
No, she's figured out that Trump is so incompetent that the warrants nastiness. Not everything is someone else's fault.
Boy, bye!
Fake news!
good
Bastagggdo de mierda!
Gee @TheDemocrats colluding 2 maufacture fake naratives with their Media operatives? So shocking NOT! What dirtbags!
This is not about you. Try to be the bigger man here. Try to be an adult. Just so petty.
BRAVO ZULU MAYOR CRUZ. U R STRONG, INTELLIGENT, BRAVE, KIND, COMPASSIONATE, ALL THINGS OUR POTUS LACKS
Haha. Complimentary to you? Not. E mayor. You are delusional.
How much more harm can this clown cause us before he is forced to resign ? Americans wake up
Someone should look into her bank accounts,  cell phone records,  computer hard drive & social media accounts/emails. Any unusual activity?
Get a grip. Why do you need to be such a jerk all the time.
Couldn't resist... lol
