Anybody who thinks America is onboard with the fat ass blowhard pretender is on crack.
Great news! #MAGA ...
Yes!! #MAGA
I’d say it higher! I haven’t talked to a single person that has ever been polled, how many more are there? Put me down as 1.
If we vote for her
we will laugh all day long with her Jokes on Televisions than seeing her doing something else Valuable for this country 
We, ALL Americans already are experienced with A BLACK AMERICAN PRESIDENT  !
Should we vote for Another One Again in 2020 ?
Yes ? or No ?
Why would you want to spend taxpayer money to defend Hillary? Tell Tillerson and Sessions to release all info of her emails & deleted ones!
Hahahahaha, I like the FOX news pole better...about 35% approval rating. You are losing the PR war you were so sure mattered. #ImpeachTrump
 you are just plain dumb keep thinking that. 
#Trump2020 because of people like you the unfit Democratic Party is done 
Good one , I bet you made, like,  $0.40 for that tweet. Those nickels add up! #RUSSIAGATE #ImpeachTrump
So ANTIFA the new democratic NEO NAZI why are you so worried about those what did you call it again Nickels adds up so are you getting paid?
Can and will you ever tell the truth? If you can’t tell the truth about your approval ratings how can we trust you to tell the truth about you being a billionaire? Oh wait..we can’t!
What happen to the braking news?
another fake news poll
This report is #FakeNews
50%

Now that's fake news
Only when big money is out of politics..MAGA
WRONG

You're delusional. Seriously -- not as a figure of speech. You aren't in touch with reality.
Could go even higher, if You'd get DHS Sec Kelly to Stop Stalling, and Act Now 2 Relieve the H2B CAP & Help #SmallBiz who R Depending on You
Woo-hoo, only half of the country hates you! Fake president.
Yes! #MAGA 
It's pretty sad when you have to payoff a company to make up phony numbers, whoever these guys are. That ego is deflating a pound a second!
The babysitter took the phone away again 
Donald Trump you are quoting a Fake Poll to justify your fake presidency. #FakePresident #LockHimUp
50% on a Rasmussen poll for a Republican actually equates to about 34% in actuality. Which still seems way high. So stuff your #MAGA crap.
Omg. I AM living in an alternate universe.
#MAG-OT
We are with you Mr President!  Thank you for everything you are doing for America!
Do you ever look at pictures of yourself and just feel #disappointed? Well America does...
weird, every other poll shows you as having the worst approval rating ever. Sad!
People will come around once they realize they are being lead by fake news stories
You're confused again, Darlin... here let me help 
 what a crock of 
So you're celebrating that 1/2 US thinks you're doing bad job according to GOP leaning pollster? And what's up with your hands in that pic?
For the Rasmussen report to be valid they also need to include people outside your family 
Sounds Oddly Russian
Polls are "fake news" until a right leaning poll comes out showing you are failing for half the country...?
it's probably 70 % here in South Central VA. We are tired of the B.S. investigations, it will backfire
Hahahaha... yeah right.
As if 50% is really all that good.
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …
Go Trump! We are finally feeling some relief after the failures of the last 8 years! Exciting! #MAGA
Is the U.S. still the leader of the free world?
Should Trump be able to earn money from his businesses during his presidency?
RT if you think it's time for Trump to divest from his business as president #GrifterInChief
There is no rule says he has to take an separate himself from his business you haters of Trump get over it he is president like it or not!





Undo Obama!!! What an incredible job you're doing,
President Trump you saved the Republic!!!
Bravo!




stay in canada
Gladly.
Bring some of us to Canada with you.
Come on over!
Trump should ad Canada to travel ban
Why not..he's alienated all other ALLIES.But continues to praise Putin.& has not been upset that they meddled in our http://elections.Smart 
LOL you have a 60% disapproval rating from everywhere else, so I guess 1/2 the country approving of u is a win for u at this point.
Kinda like the 80% Hillary wins poll...
"But Hilary..." response. Oh dear. Do you have anything g to say about trump ignoring all the other polls showing a lower rating?
Should be 100% But we have those people who hate and ignore facts.

Another lie.  He refuses to tell the truth even when the truth is starting him in his face! He tweeted 50% in this commentary it’s 46%. Yesterday it was 35%. Hot pimping mess!!!
In college, I had a roommate who would march into room, announce "Great news!" and it was always great only for him. Did you go to Trinity?
He's dropping 4 points a month!
#PresidentTrump #BestPresident #ObamaFail
Up is down, black is white, Saturday is Monday. If you say it with  confidence the left will buy it. Obo played the dems for fools.
An update from the polling service Trump uses:
Remember the polls that had Hillary up double digits? I still laugh at that too.
FAKE NEWS. It's at 34%.
That particular poll does read 50%. That said, I don't know why he's proud literally half the others dislike him. Glass half full? :/
I trust every other poll more than the one he is touting haha. If he can't lie about his inauguration crowd well, I don't trust him here.
Have you taken one of these polls? Who's taken these polls? I've never met ONE person who has.
I mean, I would happily tell them what I think of him. :)
Well, you do have a voice that can project. ;)
HAHAHA. Think they could hear me at the Mar-A-Lago North...?
Over the cursing after every golf swing? Probably not.
Bahahahahahaha, what a funny joke @realDonaldTrump
Yea fam
I'm with you!! 
you are a liar and you know it
Delusional
http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/338092-trump-disapproval-hits-64-percent-in-ap-poll?rnd=1497614900 … just sayin'
The 1 poll that consistently gives u a good 10-15% over all the polls says half the country thinks u r doing a terrible job. That's winning?
Good job sir!  We believe in you! 
Is asking for help considered a terrorist threat
50%? That just means your country needs a lot more education. Alotta dumbasses voted for you and you let them down. You let America down.
FAKE NEWS
not even close you lying hypocrite..all your daddys money didnt buy you class, dignity, morals or a brain.  you're the worst POTUS ever!!!!
You don't believe in polls, remember?
@RodStryker MAGA
Millions of democrats are behind trump
HA HA HA HA HA!  That's a #FAKEPOLL. Nice try. #TrumpRussia #resist #LockHimUp #ImpeachTrump
"Poll" surveys 500 people - Ridiculous! Real Clear Politics = 39.9%. #HuffingtonPost = 38.8%. Quinnipiac 34%. WSJ peak was 42%, lower now!
#TrumpLies
dream a little dream, little man
Great FAKE news maybe. Ever notice there's only one pollster that shows you with decent approval ratings? All the others? Not so much.
Look mom and dad. I got a 50 on my test. That's an F.
FAKE NEWS! MAGA with your resignation 
They're the only ones,  how much that set you back??
Ohh sweet, 50% think you will be gone in 6 months ? Good to know ,  thank you
You are despised and give Americans nightmares. There is nothing you could do, you are a jealous disgusting man. We miss Obama.
We all know it's higher ... Min... 70
Quinnipiac 34; Gallup 37; CNBC 37. Rasmussen = preferred most by those who like him best. But your dad still wasn't proud of you. Sad.
You only get 50% among conservatives  you must be terrible
LOLOL not even close making up your own poll is funny more like 5%
Don't back down @POTUS you're doing phenomenal despite hating Left!! Keep on #MAGA God bless you & God bless America 
#FakeSurvey
That's not that good
Who in their right mind brags about approval ratings?
Right. ?
Jay Sekulow is higher than Dems ;
BWAH HAH HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!! YEAH....BULLSHIT.
distortion of Rasmussen poll. 50% of likely voters.; favors repubs. Peeling back the onion, you aren't doing well.
I am sure your numbers would be even better if they only surveyed Model-T drivers. Hehe geeez they only poll people with land lines!
About those dead sailors....
One happy family vs 2 broken marriages-broken vows and 1 sham marriage.
Trump and Drudge both leaning in pretty hard on that Rasmussen poll.
#Dumpy, you Make America Lie Again! You are an embarrassment to our great nation. Grifter in Chief!
Kinda embarrassing that it's closer to 30% but at least if #trumpcare passes that other 70% will be dead from bad healthcare.

TRUMP forgot to post that the Rasmussen Polls are going down again.  Plus... Cherry Picking,
i call bullshit
Haaahaaahaaa. Saying it won't make it so Donny-boy
Fake news
I'm calling bullshit on this one.
LOL!!!! U r funny. Delusional!!! But funny
Yes it is
Just wanted to check-in from the future. It's July 29 & according to Rasmussen your approval never exceeded 50% and is now 41%.
This is a bullshit poll and absolutely incorrect. You are the FraudNews source carrot-top.
That's straight BULLSHIT,
you can't turn America into a cult the way Putin turned you into his girlfriend.

#SaveTheAmericanDream from #MAGA.
Sorry Trump but that poll is not from the majority of Americans. It's just from your supporters. Only half of which still support you.
How is this great. 50% of anything is FAILING!
YES! Best approval ratings! The best polls! Make Rasmussen Accurate Again! Even then, whole 50 per-cent! Unbelievable! Believe me! #GAGA
Lier, laying, lies !!!
You disparaged Rasmussen in the past. 36% is the right number. #loserright
AP poll has you about 18 pts less. I'm going with AP.
Thought you may want to update this tweet, Donnie.
.@realDonaldTrump @katkat1164 MAGA UPDATE 7/31/17 from #rasmussen
down to 39%!!!
Brain lesions create *alt* reality...from syphilis or toxo? #unfit #noethics #standsfornothing #RESIGN
Bullshit! I don't believe a word of it. Prob 5% & our idiot POTUS added another '0' for his ever consuming ego!!
Did your parents reward you for a failing test score of 50?
110% in my book President Trump is a gift from God wake up haters and for our Father of our nation

GREAT JOB MR PRESIDENT AND THANKS TO JESUS THE CHRIST, AMEN!!!
MY PRAYERS ARE ALWAYS WITH YOU AND OUR ADMINISTRATION, AMEN!!! MAGA
Make Assholes Go Away, baaa hahahahahaaaa
Idiot
Thank you Mr. President.
LOL
Emoluments Cls: "No Person holding any Office..shall accept of any present.. of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State."
You're about to hurl yourself out a 50th story window?
Part of serving God is help when help is needed not put someone in jail for trying to get help.
It's too late: The words you always wanted to hear- "Donny, your parents love you-" were never said, and can never be. You need to move on.
From Wikipedia:  "It is important to remember that the Rasmussen Reports approval ratings are based upon a sample of likely voters." Sad.
You're a tease, the only "Great News" will be "Trump Resigns" or "Impeachment proceedings to begin"
check other polls.  trump rated wose president ever. even wise than harding
Good news keep up the great work mate.
.@realDonaldTrump Do you understand that this is a category error? 
That "MAGA" & "Trump still has low approval" are different things?
More like 345% - Rasmussen
I can find 30 other polls that say 36% approval
THANK YOU PREZ TRUMP AND MELANIA AND BARRON - HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO YOU TOO 
It's great not to read all the vile spew on tweets anymore! God bless Twitter blocks   110% Support, VA has Improved already. TY sir 
We love you Mr President 
You're delusional.  SMHD
thats only from your supporters. Not all of U.S., i would not brag about it. Hope your supporters as not as stupid as you.
So in other words, FIFTY PERCENT OF THE NATION SAYS YOU ARE DOING A LOUSY JOB! SAD!
Alternative facts once more. Gallop poll is 39% in fact MAGA is about 10% higher than every other poll used. #POTUSTRAITOR
It should be 100%. You are doing a great job. This family is with you all the way please get rid of Mueller. He's too close to Comey. Unfair
You are doing a fabulous job Mr. President!!!
"Fabulous job" of what, exactly?
Uhuhuhuhahaha.

Great news! If 50% weren't considered a "failing" grade. But it is. Sad!
Yea okay 50% ratings. More alternative facts
السلام عليكم ..الشعب السوداني أصل البشر...ونحنا ..ك..سودانيين بنحب الشعب الأمريكي وجميع شعوب العالم..فلماذا استمرار الحصار
As we live and prosper on ~ ALL GOOD THINGS COME IN TIME !!!
Gallup 38% lowest in history

Trump drops 5 points in conservative poll after bragging about it on Twitter http://hill.cm/7eBNc6d  
#FAKENEWS 

amazingly (because you would never lie) this doesn't appear on their site. How curious!
I do not know one person who thinks you are doing a good job. #WorstPresidentEver
I'm that you are surrounded  by liberal idiots. It must make life almost unbearable keep your chin up it's going to be over in 102 months
