Thank you, President Trump so grateful that you took on this endeavor when you did not have to!! #MAGA Sir  God Bless You &America!!!
Of course he had to. I love USA now, you made the whole country into a live reality show  wonder who u'll vote out next!
This is a real president.
I know Putin is!
China needs to handle up on North Korea
Imagine the hysteria if Barack Obama had let one of his daughters (just as qualified as @IvankaTrump) sit-in for him at a G-20 summit.
Literally no one would care
RT if you love Obama
Don't come back
Xi rickroll you again donny
The line at the airport is bigger than your inauguration. #CheaterInChief
.@realDonaldTrump 
The crowd of protestors in Hamburg is bigger than your inaugural crowd. Then again, so was the line at IHOP this morning. 

3 Years, 6 Months, 11 Days, 22 Hours, 4 Minutes, and 37 Seconds
Thank you Mr. President for everything you do God bless America and God bless you. Safe travels!
we love Obama
Lol 
Not coming to the UK then? Chicken?
Nope u got too many terrorist !
Thanks Mr.President! #MAGA #BUILDTHEWALL #CNNBLACKMAIL #MAGA
Do you just wanna stay there
You can stay there if you want nbd
If you were any dumber, you'd have to be shown how to hold a pencil correctly, you Orange Nimrod!
Please resign
TRUMP PENCE 2020
North Korea has to be stopped hopefully president Putin will help us with this it would benefit the entire world MR PRESIDENT.
Proud of you Mr President you stand on your self ideas that will make America great again and without stupid political correctness
Bye bye!! PLEASE don't come back!!!
You're doing a great job 
NotJustflyby, I have seen you at my house dressed in full disgustingness. At my residence you ignore EVERY LAW OF HUMANITY, SINCE THE 80S.

Vc foi ignorado por lá
Just think what President Trump could get done for U.S if only Media would stop nagging him! Nag,Nag,Nag it's all they do about everything!
Awesome news!
Trade vs North Korea... sounds like a deal.
Bull
Yeah less time away from US, we dont need those other scrub nations telling us what to do
Do us all a favor and stay there...
Republic of China?
Ur coming back?  Bummer.....
Presidente, por favor tenha cuidado.Aja com cautela em relação à Coreia do Norte, para não pavimentar um caminho que leve à uma III Guerra.
oh, we're getting the wall. #MAGA
How so??? Give examples.
I hope you have a safe trip home!
Did you attend the meeting?  Or did your daughter???  Is this "take your child to work" week?
MAGA
Yes please make America gay again.
If Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner are such great diplomats, send them to North Korea @IvankaTrump #AMJoy #FuckTrump #TrumpLeaks
Yeah, why hasn't Ambassador to Everything Jared fixed this already?
1. Trump here glossing over the fact that China's banks are money laundering fronts for North Korea, and funding its military program
Trump doesn't care, or see it as meaningful. It's all just part of business to him, and "necessary to make money with rules in the way."
WE'VE GOT YOUR BACK DON
Name something postive he ha done for the american People not just his corporate tag alongs.
Stock market & unemployment are at record levels & were trading with china for the first time.
WTF you talking about Atlantis?We sent $15 billion in soybeans alone to China in 2012.Ever read?
maybe he likes the Rambo style of our so called @POTUS 
we don't do
"I try to stay out of politics." - Ivanka Trump
I don't remember Ivanka being on the ballot? Trump looks confused in this picture.
that's the look my mom had the day before she passed from dementia
What a horrible thing to say.
Label Antifa a domestic terrorist organization!
Trump supporters wearing MAGA hats are getting violently assaulted left and right especially in NY and CA, the states of the "tolerant" left
Yep, tolerant left, just like all the good Christians on the right.  Labels are for idiots.
Revelation 22:21
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with you all. #Amen.

Amazing speech in Poland The West will not be broken! https://medium.com/@JackPosobiec/president-trump-full-speech-in-poland-b9b0ddf5fed8 …
Best part was when he attacked our prior POTUS and our free press on international shores, said no true patriot ever!
what i see ？
@ReversingASD who needs @CNN @MSNBC #MSM
Please people quit hating Trump. It is a shame that no matter what good he does that you have to turn it negative. Stop it now!!!
Thank you President Trump for #MAGA
No hurry
Your caloric intake is larger than 1/2 of North Korea. Get help!
Talking and negotiating with world leaders like POTUS's Do !!!
Y dont u just stay over there and let someone with balls run this show, not the sideshow ur running

The EU is now the global leader in free trade. My  column for @thetimes  https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/eu-japan-deal-shows-free-trade-can-still-thrive-in-era-of-tit-for-tat-tariffs-fwb56dggx …
Give us a break and stay where the hell you are!
A real coward smh
WH = Waffle House. Hungry!
Please shut up.
China isnt going 2 help the USA. They r either scared Or money hungry! I would stop China products coming here in the USA.
Joke
Did you have chocolate cake?
Like talking to a damn wall
Odd 4 days ago you were slamming China for a 40% increase in trade with North Korea. Now today everything is wonderful! #Article25Now
You are doing what other Presidents couldn't do.   So proud of you Mr President ..I can see N. Korea saying, "What happened"
That's bull. No leader respects you so they won't deal with you. You lie.
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China's President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & North Korea.
Repeal the hb that is supposed to bring trucking into the 21st century it is a joke
Great job POTUS.  Ignore the lib asshat JEALOUS, SORE LOSERS!
Journalist Peter Martin & Nick Wadhams & Bloomberg are liars. Trump would not brush aside N. Korea. Xi brushed it aside.
Did you go to any knocking shops? What's the price of the ale like?
Yeah but what was on the menu? That's all I want to know .
Which was......
Yippy  time
Again Nothing accomplished! Let russia off the hook and let China walk all over us..This coming from "Grab em by the Pussy"President.
Mr trump i am a builder like yourself and i live in illinois our laws and budget our broken and my business has to suffer
Welcome home Mr. Trump
You have turned the world against us. Resign you nescient fool.
Trade is good. You can do lots of things with trade! You can trade marbles, hotels! Look at my casino in NJ! I'm trading furnishings for $!
Keep up the good work Mr President!!!
Actually it appeared as if you were boring him (similarly like Putin). You're nothing more than a very boorish person!
You are perhaps the worse leader since Nero.
and you let you baby girl daughter sit in for you, instead of your Secretary of State?
... The Secretary of State was confirmed by congress, not Ivanka
Don't hurry.....
Everything is hyperbolic to u. No results to show.
Excellent weekend. You got a lot done. we stand behind you all they way and continue to pray for your strength. great job!
I have faith in u that u will do a good job to protect the citizens of our great country USA
I had a very, very, I mean a very, very good meeting. Dahl we had a very strong good meeting.
My hopes are very high for Trump. He is making a radical transformation in USA. God Bless him and us all
Just left the man your @WhiteHouse said he was the president of Taiwan. Wish you were @POTUS of Taiwan
1/2 - at the most you're entire family will be connected, you will be impeached and go to jail, your business will fall in disgrace
Why are all your daughters clothing line imported?  What happened to buy American?!
I hope he's going to help. He should be making a huge effort not a weak one.
Thank you and Melana for your service!
Almost all the Democrat Party is under investigation for corruption, pediphilia ,voter fraud, theft, or treason!!
What did you talk about, what plans agreed to, when, what are the benefits? Need much more detail than this... this is nothing!!
Now drain that swamp #term limits
Notice the RIOTS stopped when U left!! tee hee Glad to hear U replaced Christie w/Putin as BESTIES!! I'll sleep better now.
So proud of the entire trump family. They are relentless trying to ruin you.
Good news
Why not stay in Europe if you are just turning back to France & U.K. What a waste of resources. @BBCNews @MSNBC Had Obama done this....

Time to fix #NAFTA and #buildthewall and balance the trade deficit with China.  #MAGA
Wait--wasn't  it Taiwan?? You're stupidity is like a bottomless pit.
We've heard that before re North Korea and then heard we were on our own. What has changed?
Really, truly, you can stay. I'm sure someone would give you a job.
Have a good/safe trip home Mr. @POTUS and Melania!!
Slijmbal
#NorthKorea
@Evan_McMullin


Lol tremendous was it 
You also had a hot date with your boyfriend, Putin!
Heading directly to your golf course? Do some work.
by we you mean Ivanka and by trade you mean the Trump brand.
Have a productive trip Mr.President Trump.Try is all we can do.
You know China has extremely little influence with the Kim Regime. Why keep touting something that is non-existent? #TrumpUnfitToLead
WAS HE STILL ALIVE WHEN YOU LEFT HIM?  DAMN IT DON, HOW MUCH TIME DO WE HAVE?!  WHERE DID YOU LEAVE HIM?!?!
I Hope that you can do something about North Korea on a military to military basis. It's been a mess for every previous administration.
Do you know where Hamburg is on a map? Or even NYC? DC?
You're a joke, fraud and embarrassment. The end of your "leadership" cannot come soon enough.
How do we believe anything you say? You lie so much, hard to believe anything.
Please stay there. The need comic relief and the jokes up here.
You were talking to a Korean delivery boy.
Your the man Mr. Trump
lol
Sad but true.
Uh...no rush to get home, really. Stay awhile. Be a tourist. Maybe even be an ex-pat. Try it. You might like it.
God bless and protect you and your family, Mr. President. #safetravels
China No.1
way to go Mr Trump
Trump,you are a faker!
And perhaps you can share what President Xi is going to do about North Korea, since you seem unable to come up with any ideas.
@POTUS you da man!
Constantly making progress on behalf of the American People @realDonaldTrump    We Love You!!!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on tra...

Another meeting with Xi on trade & North Korea? Wow, how many chances does he get? Did u have cake again? Maybe pie? I bet he's scared of u!
Or was it Taiwan ?
Very bigly goodly
Did you sleep through it
Yeah
can you do someting about Iraq, Like start them using the own Dinar and stop with the USD ???????
Back to golf. SMFH
9iw
Oh not going directly to a golf course? Know this WE the people are NOT ok w Putin denial and WE are not moving forward w him More Sanctions
how excellent? you don't describe what happened!
You are a first class TWIT if you think you can trust Nth Korea. Same goes for Russia. You believe tweeting is good?? FOOL
I'm glad that you are back in D.C,  please never visit my hometown again- ok!
bullshit
You sure that wasn't Ivanka that had that discussion? I'm guessing it was time for your nap? When is the craft period and the sing-a-long?
Y don't u stay in Europe for about 3 1/2 yrs? We'll send ur children, Ivanka, Jared,Donald & Eric,don't worry about that.We'll keep Baron.
You made wrong decision
Yeah, except you called him the President of Taiwan. Good job.
North Korea left behind a standalone nation  who  detached
 themselves from   sense and sensibility. Bring him up 4 discussion  on 0
Do us all a favor, don't come home. We're better off without a president like you. #25thAmendmentNOW
Question to all Americans! Can you tell me what Russia can do for us?What's the big thing that they have we don't?What did they want from us
Do you mean the president of the Republic of China or the People's Republic of China? God you're stupid.
@realDonaldTrump Was disappointed he didn't a sit down with 
Burgermeister Meisterburger.
@TheDailyShow 
@LateNightSeth 
@FallonTonight
ver. .
Well America was great as you were gone!!!  I guess we'll jave to accept having the worst leadership in the world again!!!  Low leadership !
Trump in bed with Putin! Traitor!
Oh, you are still trying with China?  I thought you said that didn't work out and gave up.  Too difficult.  Go golfing would you...
I wish they would keep you. You're poison to this country.
Sir what are u saying about Biafra agitation in Nigeria it's becoming an issue on daily basis please let's avert another impending civil war
Let's hear about it in a news conference!
Thank you, President Trump so grateful that you took on this endeavor when you did not have to!! #MAGA Sir  God Bless You &America!!!
U were a G-20 non factor, the butt of jokes & people avoided u. Putin neutered u & got keys to the kingdom. Pee tapes & iou's explain this.
You said this last time, and nothing happened how are we supposed to think it will work this time?
haha play golf again. You've done nothing
CNN fake news for sure
