Montana lol? Who cares? Why doesn't the Republican Party win in NY and California? You know, our greatest money makers. Hmmmm.
California is in heavy debt.  So is New York.  But u can keep living in fantasy land, most libs do.
The grownups who actually make money.
One word: DELUSIONAL.  Class dismissed!
I work 70 hours a week, I'm in grad school, and I'm raising 2 children. But millennials are lazy and entitled lol?
We all make choices and sacrifices.  I wish u well with yours.  God bless.
Choices are a lot easier made when you can live off the tit of someone else. But I'm happy I earn it. My kids will value earning. Your kids
So much jealousy!  I don't care about your personal situation, why do u care about others? I am very blessed and very thankful. Envy is bad!
To bad early votes can't be recast.
He should be thrown out
But the libs love early voting.  Maybe it's not so bad, but we all know it's really just a way for libs to cheat.
Liberal, Dem, Repub...
Whatever affiliation, a candidate should Never be allowed to show the behavior this man did.
The press should learn some manners. I know this guy would not have harassed a lib politician the way he did Mr. Gianforte. That is #truth!
Do your research he asked a question-was assaulted. If it were you or me-bam we would have been arrested immediately.
I can’t wait until the midterms, your crew is toast!
Did u read the Salon article?  Bring on 2018!!
Let's just keep cleaning up the mess, left behind by the dumb-o-craps! We got this!
yay for Montana Republicans
CNN you are so corrupt why can't you tell the truth be quit twisting lies our president mr. Donald J Trump with lies twist
What lie did they tell?
Big loss for the working majority who will continue to suffer from money worries, exploitation and deprivation after voting for you.
You have given Russia our secrets! You are no man! Treason you will go to prison! Those u hurt now reap the benefits of your imprisonment!
Yuuuuuuuuuuug!
Big loss for the world with!
Please get rid of your phone. The last several days have been so pleasant without you tweeting.
Show us your tax returns like you told us you would. Liar!
Thank God we can't allow the propaganda Media interfering with our country and elections
And we'll try not to beat up a reporter in the process next time?
The guy is an embarrassment to our party! Get real @realDonaldTrump
REALLY BIG..FOR BULLIES.
Fire the backstbabbers , rino rats and snakes, neocons, globalists surrounding you. Get a real loyal team who will not sell you out to MSM.
I hope the reporter pressed charges,
We love you, President Trump! God Bless you and your family - I'm praying for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
He will certainly need it.
Wow. How do you continue to surprise me?

Translation: Wish I would have thought of physically assaulting reporters.
Huge.
#MAGA
Obviously the last line is cut off. It says one word. Russia.
People are realizing the democrat leadership does not have the interests of the American people at heart.
The DNC almost seems to try to keep people in a lower socio-economic status to keep them dependent on government and their party.
Trump and republicans want all Americans to prosper and want to give them an opportunity to do so. We must continue to drain the swamp.

Good morning Mr President.
Republicans...quickly becoming the group with no moral standards..  Makes me sick to think I associate with them..  Nice job tearing us up.
 we are behind you President Trump
So you support violence like that?
Yeah, a fellow media basher. Literally.
Yes! Nothing like committing assault on the press and being a complete assface! That's how you MAGA! No one is more impressive!
Big loss for Americans. We don't need anymore violent, hateful #TrumpClones. #Bad #Sick #ImpeachPOtuS
No. It was a big loss for the First Amendment that you will defend assault and battery on a journalist the day before an election.
And it wasn't a big win. He should have won by a landslide. He didn't. Montana is your state...but slowly going the other direction.
But since you push other leaders I guess this tweet makes sense. Sad.
Are you upset the entire democratic leadership is corrupt and your party is in turmoil? You will continue to lose 
Nice little white supremacist dog whistle there you asshole. Go back to bed with your sister and make another deformed troll.
You had to do it. You just can't respectfully disagree and leave it at that.
About white supremacy? You are correct - I had to do it. There is nothing respectable about being a racist.
Scream racist when you have nothing better to contribute. It's the liberal way after all?
Hi Punkin its me
soooo, you are OK with endorsing the person who forcefully assaulted a member of the press? this is not good for america
And what a winner. The GOP must be proud to have another thug -with #Russian connections- join the rogues gallery that is the @HouseGOP
Paper-thin win by a guy who's been charged with assault.
Keep Montana Red!
Your 1st attempt was better. Also an electoral victory for a candidate who assaulted a reporter is a loss for the US
God help us...
JUST IN: New audio released of Montana GOP candidate Greg Gianforte allegedly body-slamming a reporter 
bIg WiN iN mOnTaNa fOr rEpUbLiCaaaNs!
Of course Trump supports a man who literally body slams free speech.
Republicans outspent Quist by $5 million in a deep red state and there was still a +13 swing to our side.

2018 is coming.
Yeah - but you very nearly lost. This keeps up, all those Red states will be going quite blue.
May be a "win" for Republicans, but an embarrassing day for decent Americans and our values.
Which is Russia shaming 24/7 and war

I know, the DNC voters have become the pro interventionists
?
ikr
Even a body slam didn't stop his election. Republicans should be real proud...
#donald trump should be ashamef of himself for hurting the poor and disadvantaged..shame on him#
Were you proud of his behavior to the Reporter ?
The rude little weasel got exactly what he deserved.
No one has the right to barge into one's private office without knocking & harass them.
Surprised by this take. Truly surprised
How long can people be lied to without losing it?
Journalists need to be licensed & made to vet & prove stories, or lose their licenses.
The @GOP lost 20+% from previous voters in same area. Probably because you spoke for him. 2018 will make @Republicans the minority party.
Once again, off-year, special election, not as many people vote. Yes, libs very fired up, yet u still lost! Those r the facts.
It's also fact that there was a significant swing against the Repub party in a deeply red state.
60% of vote was in before the thug gov stomped on the press. 2018 will tell the tale. If you're gloating on a near miss u ain't got s***
We've definitely got shit because he should not have even come that close in Montana.
Hey, I am happy with the results.  I see u are too!  It's a Win Win!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!...
What do you expect from Montana a great technologies the state or just or farmers
"One of they key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace. Good people don’t go into government."
You should be ashamed of yourself and these actions taken by Gianforte. What is wrong with you? Why support violence?
Classy. #ViolenceIsSOGreat #MAGALOLOLOL
The fact that holding onto a Congressional seat in MONTANA is a "big win for Republicans" is a problem for you.
6 points. When the last guy won by 16 points only six months ago. That's a problem for you, not a win.
Not at all, it's a off-year, special election, not  many people vote.  Granted, libs were more fired up, yet u still couldn't win! #reality
Nice try, but pts = %, not total votes, so it doesn't matter how many people voted - it matters that it was even close in a deep-red state.
Keep telling yourself that.
The verifiable facts that that's what points are and that losing points in a Republican stronghold is bad for them? Sure will. Thanks.
.@realDonaldTrump Congrats on praising the guy who beat up a reporter, but ignoring heroes who lost their lives standing up to bigotry.
The left is equally bigoted against different people
.@Askjiir @realDonaldTrump If I said anything to the contrary, please identify it. He praised a thug & ignored heroes--1 of whom was a Repub
Good. You are consistent
Hey @realDonaldTrump any words for those murdered in Portland by that terrorist?
Does @realDonaldTrump have to say words for all murders in the US? If so, Chicago would take a week alone.
No. Just against acts of terrorism.
That response was terribly disappointing.
@THEREALEGGER @realDonaldTrump
Was that an "act of terrrorism"? U had an extremist that shouldn't have been out of prison murder 2 people & should face death penalty now.
You called him an extremist.
So if a "Muslim EXTREMIST" did that you would called it terrorism, No?
@THEREALEGGER @realDonaldTrump
Def of terrorism: the use of violent acts to frighten the people in an area as a way of trying to achieve a political goal.
Sooooo...
@THEREALEGGER @realDonaldTrump
Speaking of hate crimes, not one word from you about the hate crimes occurring around US, i.e. Portland 
Hate crimes by a Bernie supporter!  We r waiting on Bernie to speak out against the attack and to tell his supporter to knock it off!
What's that got to do with Donny not saying anything about the hate crime?
play far cry 5
Fake news tried desperately to sink Gianforte.... Big fail!Americans are tired of the media abuse. PC fuels terror, liberals Own each death!
Dude only won by seven points in one of the deepest red states in the country.
Hey dude Donald Trump is your president choke on that.  I kind of like our new method of campaigning, bodyslam a  liberals and win!!!
No he is not my President, and he never will be. He's not the President of about 60% of Americans. Deal with it.
#Portlandheroes 2 dead, 1 wounded, by Christian Terrorist and Trump supporter.
Only you would call an assault on a journalist a "win"
He's your creation.
UGH What is wrong with you people! I feel like we're not in the good old USofA anymore. Everyday another Un-American act gets a pass. HELP!
Un-American, good ole McCarthyism. Next will be the trials, and then the left can bring in the fascism. It all starts here.
RT r closing n on fascism not DEMS  Rtwing propaganda works & is wreaking havoc on democracy  Finding ur myopic view odd & detrimental 2 USA
And yet the 'UN-American' label is being thrown around by the left. Who also want bigger government, which is a gilded road to fascism.
That's just nonsense. Good night.
More regulations leads to less freedom which leads to fascism. It's a pretty clear progression.Germany, Italy, Russia,North Korea,Venezuela
A real eye opener....early voters having major regret. Despicable and deplorable. 
Congrats! Another violent offender for the GOP ranks!
Makes me ashamed to be a Republican!
Yeah, a thug won.  Great day for the GOP.
Yeah, go Montana! Put another guy in office who has lawsuits pending against him and doesn't mind assaulting the press!
get back to work
Far cry 5?
bully bully bully bully bully.  bull shit
No.  Another big eye opener for the country confirming AGAIN how criminals end up getting elected.  As if you weren't confirmation enough.
And a big loss for the country
Recent "Loss" stats: Trump 306
Hillary 232 
House
GOP 237 
Democrats 193 
Senate
GOP 52 
Democrats 46 
Governor
Republican 33 
Democrats 16
Nutzo land strikes again.
Not it wasn't; as always you exagerate the size of everything; I am sure your compensating for something else...you know what they say
this tweet has 48732 likes. That number is 0.158% of your followers.
Bullcrap! Europe is laughing at you! Saudis are delighted though! Well done on huge arms deal though (NOT)
Says Komrade Tromp.
Big win for white supremacists who assault people!! Go Nazis!! I mean go GOP!!
Yeah... till he gets arrested for assault. What a loser! Just like #donnytinyhands
you call a man who beat a reporter a win for montana?  your presidency has been about nothing but hate and violence
trump doesnt care about this country or its citizens he cares about making money and hurting as many people as he can
U do realize that the GOP is patiently waiting 4 UR impeachment so that they can get their REAL #President in the #WhiteHouse
Assault the free press and get elected. Trump's America. What's next? Killing the press like Russia does? Disgraceful
Psycho Brotherhood!! Power to the mental defectives!!
And a big loss to human decency.
Is it a big win in a deep red state? How about talking about the victims in Oregon?
Your boy #gianforte body-slammed the constitution and you support him?
Nice of you to support another flaccid, old, white bully like you. With Russian ties too. Interesting!
Yes Yes Great!
Oh yes. The one who committed assault rather than answer the question about the horrible TrumpCare plan?
I like the idea of handcuffs. Trump and friends - all dirty.
Lies are the new normal.  Our democracy is disappearing. #impeachtrumpnow
Awesome and I'm not ashamed of the treatment dished out to the little dirtbag reporter. Wah broke my glasses. More need to be broken.tos
Democrats had no business being within a 10 % margin in such a red state. You are just so inept.
I'm so glad he won!!!!!!
Another THUG won, when he should be locked up, like you
Big loose, Republican physically assaulted a citizen.  Your support is telling.  How twisted.
Where bullying is not only legal, its encouraged.
You still foster division in our country. As president, its time to unite. Not divide. We are the American people. Not a political party.
So you're promoting a bully!  Oh wait, you're the ultimate bully!  I guess bullies stick together!
Big loss for people in Montana. Gianforte is violent, misoginist and creationist. Hello 2017 !
Did you mean big attack on the press by the person that is out of control and elected to run our country like you. You set the example.
Oh boy!  Let's hear it for the newest criminal congressman!

The guy violently assaulted a reporter: but of course you're FOR that....
but big loss for the star and the country
Lucky and you are losing momentum - Fake President and Russians puppet
Your winner is a violent bully.
Sad day for America!
Yes.everyone saw what happened. He took goon lessons from you. You are a horrible example for America's children.
yes thanks to you, the GOP is an all time shit show- physically attacking reporters or threatening someone shoot them.
Another bully republication who shouldl have won a real read state but a hell of a lot more votes!
what more can we expect from a family that is nothing more then the  beverly hillbillies on crack? all the rednecks love him
Will you not speak out against violence, mister president?
They elected a violent NAZI. Yeah, what a "win"
So much winning when people body slam one another. Are we great yet? I'm getting tired of winning.
YA big win, Montana elected a criminal. Just another criminal puppet for the republican party. I'm sure you have more destruction to get to
Russia Russia connection tax returns traitor Russia Russia connection tax returns traitor Russia Russia connection tax returns traitor
REPUBLICAN BODY SLAM!! OOOOOOH! TALK ABOUT MITIGATION!!!
Thanks for supporting assault and violence, Don. SMH
Win the battle... LOSE THE WAR!! 2018!!! #impeachtrump
Yeah big win!!!! Lets go out and choke more people, it's the new Trump America; paranoia, hate, bigotry, racism,,,,
Mueller time!
LOL! A guy who bodyslammed a reporter, & who has done business with American-sanctioned RUSSIAN businesses. GREAT guy. Fit right in GOP!
Not really, you lost ground.
If you'r a member of the KKK or other bigot group that physically attacks others without cause then congrats you have a winner.
You literally BEAT the Democrats !
And you call this a win. A loss for Montana and the rest of the country
So you acknowledge a politician who body-slammed a reporter but make no comment on a white supremacist who killed two veterans in Portland?
Big fail for the world. @climatesavers @UNFCCC @ClimateReality @climate
An embarrassing win.
Big win for violent assault and lack of self-control. Among other things.
#TakeDown 
#MediaTypeGotStompedOn 
#GianforteWinner 
#BodyslammedAPussyAssLib 
#Winning 
#tcot 
#MAGA 
figures you'd support this creep! You are a horrible example for our kids!
They just elected another uncivilized bully. Nothing to brag about. Sad.
A big loss for humanity. Do not celebrate violence.
Of course you would be happy about someone being prosecuted for a violent crime gaining a seat. Loosers, the both of you!
But a big loss for America. Unfortunately, that's just how it works these days. Republican party wins, America loses.
yaaay montana..you just elected a thug! :D
#bullyparty
How could you be proud of this win? This guy showed he can't handle pressure!! You are a scary man!!!
Yay.
#earlyelectionluck 
#liedaboutwhathedid
#anotherwhitehousedandy  #lockhimup
when a Republican wins nowadays, everyone loses.
A very sick sad day for democracy
You should be very proud, SAD !
I laugh every time you call yourself a Republican.
Congratulations !
Big win when the GOP winner charged with a misdemeanor.
Dems lost again? 
Great job this year Donald.
One Congressman who lacks control of hi emotions. Congrats. A true Trump supporter.
Great SHAME for republicans in montana.
You need more "Republicans" that will back you, and their party!! I cannot believe this division, with them! Jealousy!  
How does it work when he has to serve time for assault???
They must be so proud.
Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad Your so sad so sad!
Bullying wins in America. Love is dying.
You're praising the violent assult of a reporter, but not saying a word about two men killed defending a woman from assult. Got it.
Not for long fat boy #InvestigateTrump
Is it true when a power hungry ego mania pushes someone out of the way to be first, that he has a small dick?
Big win in Montana for Repub-proving again they think they r above the law & their constituency is ok w/illegal,immoral activity.
And you became a Republican because in your own words "they will believe anything "
