This is my niece. ACA has saved her life several times from a heart condition. Don't take that away. Educate yourself on this plan
Thank you! She's a great kid
I appreciate the kind words
My husband covered 100% at HVAC/non-union job...to add me and our son is over $17K a year! I just accept that I'll die before covered again
My hubby does hvac! Same! The company I work for is union tho w/free insurance even if you don't join so my family is on mine.
It took my husband 5 years to find new job and it's $10,000.00 less a yr.  It would cost him $329.00 a WEEK out of his pay to cover me/son.
He would find a lot of work down here! Even side work
He's 56 now...getting old and tired. LOL But seriously. He nearly severed his finger off on a job with a piece of sheet metal.
56 is young!
The next surgery will be less invasive but more delicate! Long process. He sliced it on sheet metal on 2/2
#fakenews
YA until the Democrats roll you again so we d not believe you any more
Understand  Seniors are getting screwed again ??
Go figure
jerk.
Hurry up before my 52 year old body dies! I haven't been able to afford coverage for 6 years! $17,108.00 yr for HMO. Hubby's HVAC non-union!
Wrong! exorbitant premiums & hi-risk pools will kill people, insurance profits & their responsibilities/payouts!
don't worry! My health care class solved the problem, just lower the cost of medical school! It will fix everything
THIS PLAN DOES NOT PROTECT PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS. Premiums will rise. Trump doesn't even know what the bill does. Good God!
Liar Liar Pants on . You will go down in history (real one) as an elitist who is only out for dynastic profits & billionaires

Trump is already the worst "President" this country's ever seen—Hopefully we don't see another like him in my lifetime. #trumprussia #resist

EXACTLY RIGHT!
Not working out Donnie. Your plan sux. Try thinking about all Americans
Thank you @POTUS (Donald Trump), we appreciate all the work that you do.
Well said !!!! 
What about those lower deductibles?
Lies, fake, bad
Jacking up premiums $140,000 for cancer survivors is not "covering" anyone, you damned liar. #VoteNoAHCA
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE
133 million people under the age of 65 have pre-existing conditions.  Hi risk pools are not a solution or they would still exist.
#transgender ppl should receive #equalprotections #trans brains and all brains are structured by hormones, not choice  #SciJack #scicomm
pre-existing conditions must be covered especially for those with chronic health problems like type one diabetes
Childhood illness effect me
"No parent should ever have to decide if they can afford to save their child’s life. It just shouldn’t happen. Not here.” -Jimmy Kimmel
#Trumpcare2 still leaves poor and old out in the cold.  Down for the count. SO much winning. Sad.
This is a giant lie. I don't have 57 grand for premiums for preexisting. Do ya'll?
Since nothing u say is the truth, I call Bullshit.
Hahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahah
What we need is to be like other civilized countries. Dump insurers. National healthcare for ALL!
NO WRONG AGAIN,ASK RYAN, NO MANDATE FOR PRE EXISTING
You're such a failure and a liar... #FakePresident
You throw temper tantrums like an infant, and are surprised people don't respect you...
Day 106, Worst. President. Ever. So this is yet another #TrumpLie. #Trumpcare doesn't deliver on your promise #iamapreexsistingcondition
@realDonaldTrump #IamAPreExisitingCondition
If #trumpcare is so good, then why is Congress exempting themselves from it and keeping #Obamacare?
Good to see the one rule for them another rule for us standard is still alive and well.
Ha ha ha ha ha !!!!!
Hey #VA02 @RepScottTaylor (nee @scotttaylorva)--how can this plan work? Does it mean healthy folk get cheap ins. and to hell with the rest?
Either POTUS Trump doesn't care about the GOP healthcare law details OR he wants to break his promises OR both. #BeyondWeak
Your lips are moving again. #impeach
Why not tweak and fix the ACA?
@okmedics Thank You Dr Leonard !
Please don't rush and make bad decisions. Hurting Medicare & Medicade, Hurting Sick,  Disabled, Poor, Pre-Existing Conditions not protected.
#cockholster
LIES, LIES, LIES!  SHAME ON YOU!!
#VoteNo
Republicans want to cut health care for millions of Americans to deliver a massive tax cut for the rich (avg. 33K/yr for the top 1%) #VoteNo 
Just full REPEAL! GET government OUT of our Healthcare PLEASE work with @RandPaul @Jim_Jordan @DaveBratVA7th THATS IT the only 3 good Guys 
liar liar   on 
Don't know how you can spout out this crap of lies.  Making it optional for States does not guarentee affordable pre-existing coverage.
Liar.
Tell Congress NO Vacation ! #NOVACATION
Removing healthcare discrimination protections  for #transgender ppl is wrong. #Estrogen shapes the male brain to make males male #SciJack
Bullshit!! Do your homework!
No you won't !  You will put healthcare back into the hands of big business and they will wring every nickel out of our pockets! Get a clue!
you're lying, sir.  I can't believe my president is obviously lying to me.  this is why we have balance of power sir.
We know that you wouldn't read it before you signed it, so why should we listen to your guarantees?
Yeah and I'm in my way to Paris. You don't have the votes & you have a GOP congress/senate. Kinda embarrassing like your inauguration parade
Are you still having seniors pay more money for their healthcare?
So far we hear a lot of yakity yak from you but seeings how you can't get your own party behind you there is serious doubt Mr Orange Man
I don't believe you. LIAR! #Impeach45
BS!   It will fail AGAIN!  Get a clue!  Read a book!
- Liar liar pants on fire.
No we won't. You tell untruths constantly.  Please RESIGN The Presidency today.  Give America a chance to regain greatness.
Are #flyfishing trips to ease the suffering associated Terminal Angler Syndrome covered by the new healthcare plan? #fishing #rivertherapy
you seem desperate to rescind all Obama's Policies...threatened are you??? #LittleSadManTrump
And there is ocean front property in Arizona that's for sale. American's will believe it when they really see it.
LIAR
I see your lying never changes. Glad to see you're consistent with something! #liesmatter  #blamegamelame #keepobamacare
This is demonstrably false. Quit lying.
Any beneficiary of solid liberal education know it does not. Your base, barely 14% of country may believe u but the majority does not
#lies lies lies, yeah they're gonna get you. #trumpcarefail #ImpeachTrump #trumprussia
Having a bit of a moment this evening? 
LOL! I just love letting him know how I feel!!!

...Golden spray tan parade.
This is exactly what we had before you dolt!
So excited! Lower premiums AND lower deductibles AND cover pre-existing conditions! Who can resist? Certainly not hero @SenJohnMcCain!
Can the @GOP SERIOUSLY not pass a bill within it's own party???? How incompetent are you people? #presidentfailure #HealthcareBill #delayed
.@realDonaldTrump, on pre-existing conditions, the new Senate bill goes the wrong way!  Will you veto it?  Demand a *good* bill!
LIE!
@realDonaldTrump, the Republicans are not on the side of the people. They are lying & their Bill is a betrayal. This Bill is a travesty....
@realDonaldTrump, The Republicans Healthcare Bill is not beneficial to the people. The Republicans have sold out the American people.
Its time have special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton about Bengazi, pay to play, or Haiti relief and money she diverted.
Your bullshit can sell sand to the Arabs. Is that how you bowed to get that medal?
We hope so sir we certainly hope so
Liar
Sounds like your Trump University pitch. How'd that turn out?
still needs to be optional
That is just a lie! Shame on you...
It won't take care of pre-existing conditions though
You absolutely did the rite thing. Please keep it going I promise U have all the protection OF the HOLY SPIRIT KNOWONE & NOTHING WIL TOUCH U
Liar as always
"Taking care of...?" Like killing them off?
Sounds noble, a must see to review
If your base allow you to get away with stealing their health care as you continue to lie, they should stop voting.
Liar, liar, liar
Does it hurt to lie so boldly? It really should.
Will disadvantaged/unemployed citizens w/o thousand$ be able to get care at other than "free clinics" as with ACA?
"Good noW!"®,B"H
List main items & get the points out to everyone using social media, TV, radio 4 health of the nation
How can you support an 800 Billion dollar tax cut for the rich?
And cutting out the same amount of medical care for the poor?
WWJD?
NOT THIS
#QuitLying
I just learned you are cutting $839 billion dollars from Medicaid funding. Bad cut. This bill will not survive the Senate.
Do you even know when you are lying ?
Y1pu have dementia!!!!!!
Shameful
If "taking cars of pre-existing conditions," means not covering them so people die & you and friends save tax $,great success, Dear Leader!
I'm worried that it is cutting off Medicare and Medicaid!  Hurting the Sick,  Disabled, Elderly,  and Poor and Pre-Existing Conditions.
It just stated on the news, the health care will only benefit the rich, like you trump. Nothing for lower class. You are a fake president.
#POTUS This plan threatens my life. I have just moved indoor after three years of homelessness. I barely afford rent-cannot afford insurance
OH, Really!
Mr Trump   you are the most powerful man on this planet    please do something about Bashar Al Assad  .  thank you
Evil will be stopped.
Woman w/ #athsma on #Obamacare in my office ran out crying. FU - WORST POTUS EVER
Premiums for elders will skyrocket! Don't be fooled. Trumpy-grumpy you should be ashamed!!
Do you even know what your trump don't care act is about ???
You're a liar. And you lied. People who voted for you are going to regret it. I regret that you and people like you even exist.
taking care of pre-existing conditions... By skyrocketing their premiums!
Ppl will pay anything to save their lives!
Liar liar pants on fire. This proves you can't read. Because the pre-existing conditions clause in #trumpcare discriminates against women
Liar liar pants on fire. This proves you can't read. Because the pre-existing conditions clause in #trumpcare allows huge premium hike
This healthcare is basically an instrument to funnel tax cuts to the rich. It's crap. The poor and old get screwed again. #nohealthcare
you fail at everything
It will only be a good choice for Americans if Politicians don't get to exempt themselves from it!
Lost my vote
Why not just offer the Amer ppl same plans lawmakers have..if it's good enuf for them, it's good enuf for us!
#RealNews #FakePrez #Impeach45
This is just fucking evil. https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/859947199240822785 …
Natural Cures are the best medical care !
Republicans are going vote on a bill that contains an exemption for members of Congress and their staffs from losing key ObamaCare benefits
WHY DON'T U REPUBS TAKE TIME TO GET INSURANCE RIGHT! WHAT'S THE RUSH? AMERICANS DESERVE GOOD HEALTHCARE...U WORK FOR US!
MY HUSBAND WILL LITERALLY DIE IF THE CAP IS PUT ON THE INSURANCE ON WHAT THEY HAVE TO PAY OUT. MY HUSBAND GETS AN IV THAT COSTS $15,000 A...
The only thing certain about this new Healthcare bill is that YOU are on drugs.  Fail to the Chief.
Why should we believe someone who cconsistently over-promises and under-delivers!!??
if high risk pools work so well, why did we need a provision for preexisting conditions in the first place?!
No matter how many times u say it,preexisting condition coverage   of governors just ask Brownback &Scott!Fla. &Kansas will NOT cover
LOL!  Really?  You had better learn to count better The Resistance is stronger than you are.
Make them lower the price and co-pays for prescription drugs, Donald. They're colluding on the price of insulin. Too high!
Obamacare is here to stay fortunately! Trumpcare is hopelessly DEAD in Congress, where YOU have a majority! Look to Repubs. for obstruction!
Did you see Jimmy Kimmle?
At a higher rate

Or not on its way
Then negotiate with the insurance companies for better deals for Americans instead of cutting coverage. Thats why you were elected!
LIAR  @potus is screwing 99% of American taxpayers with his healthcare and wonderful tax plan that leans toward the RICH instead of majority
That's not what is says! Have you even read it? Lol, of course you haven't.
Liar liar liar... shame on you!
Hey Trumptard get off Twitter and go watch yourself on The Simpsons!   P.S. you have little hands.  #100daysofstupidity #trumptard
Yea taking care of pre-existing conditions, let them eventually die off.
I always had PPO Medical/Dental and Eyeglass plan. NOW I HAVE NOTHING!!
Seriously?  Are you delusional?  Your voting  support knows what winning  is. This isn't it. If  job isn't done you're not the quarterback
Theirs a drug plan we need like you said to bid for drugs,pharmaceutical companies have become the mob! Please change CDC Guidelines w/ Lyme
You are such a #Liar and #Fraud #ImpeachNow
#FullRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom 
#ShutItDown
Gov doesn't need to be in the healthcare business. Follow through with the promise of REPEAL
Speaker you won't get any of the items on your Agenda! You have signed a lot of EO, those are good but the Judas has tied your hands!
You are lying to us about healthcare and this is unacceptable.
You are, quite simply, lying to the American people.
It doesn't look like it's on it's way
VETO THIS BILL. It does nothing to end Obamacare.  RT
MAGA Today.  Resign the Office of The Presidency and make America Great Again
Health care? When babies are being murdered?
Please repeal. Do not replace. Obama care is like dandelion weeds. You must kill it to the root. Leave anything and it will grow back.
Liar. We do not trust you! Your a joke to the majority
I call bullshit!!
Actually, they're trying to remove pre-existing conditions from the new health care bill.  Do you even know what's in it?
Repeal! Private market competition!
Do you even know what's in that bill?
NOPE.
PLEASE kill Obama care as it's killing us
we don't want government in our healthcare!
If you thought it was hard getting your way now, just wait until after 2018 midterms if you pass this.
the high risk pool is caca. It will make ppl w pre existing go without ins. In 2001 my quote 800 mo $10k deduct, exclusions
Carry on PRESIDENT TRUMP YOU HAVE THE MAJORITY OF PATRIOTIC AMERICANS BACKING YOULet's vote out the obstructionists of both parties!
Had citizens reacted this way to Obama, constantly demeaning every single thing he said. We would've been called racists for sure.
Such petty, cry baby postings. Do any of you know how stupid you sound? Maybe read your post BEFORE actually hitting reply #MAGA
You mean you’re putting junk insurance plans back on the market that may cost less, but provide less coverage for needed services and don’t protect those with preexisting conditions.
Who's going to pay for it then?
Bring it, GOP
this sounds remarkably familiar.
@my_infoernesto:We the people need an affordable Health Insurance with 100% COVERAGE. Medical and PREMIUM. This could be ex
:Excelent. The seniors want a MEDI-CARE. With 100% COVERAGE too. Medical and PREMIUMS.
Saying that #trumpcare covers pre-existing conditions is misleading; insurers can charge people with cancer, diabetes etc twice as much
I have stage 3 breast cancer and no one will cover my chemo or my radiation guess ill just die
prayers for you Jamie
thank you ..
The mother of terrorism us killed 114 childrens in qandoz The healry Clinton with Usama
MORE LIES!
No thanks, #FakePresident. Quite happy with #ObamaCare until you and your GOP deathcult started messing with it. 
PS-- Today would be an excellent day to release your #TaxReturns.
Everybody is born with a pre-existing conditions. Do not limit any illness for coverage. #Dotherightthing
Let me be real - if affordable plans do not cover pre-existing conditions I will hope for your demise because you are pushing mine.  Is that plain?
Yeah sure.  Another tweet - another lie.  Please - oh stable genius - tell us how YOUR plan works?  What is your policy guiding legislation?
Well I lost my insurance feb 1st. Thanks!,,I’m too young for Medicare and have preexisting conditions. Any suggestions?
