This was done for his base , looks like its shrinking & Mueller is turning up the heat !! Stay focused , another distraction from 45
Thank you Mr. president for doing the right thing.
Again you show you are not fit to be president
Another black mark on your record
I am disappointed to inform America our potus is a constitutional heretic. A racist and he's Hell Bound.
You've outdid your racist self with this latest debacle.
Racist Trump pardons anti-Hispanic, anti-immigrant, birther conspiracy theory Racist Arpaio
Thank you Senator McCain

Trump is pardoning racist crimes against the Constitution
Unfortunately it was completely constitutional.  And like was said...it's a "test" pardon, to anesthetize us for when the floodgates open.
Of course, gotta keep swamp bottom feeders available to serve as sycophants.  Right wingnuts are your favorites. The badder the better.

The sooner YOU are out of office the BETTER off we will be.  History will portray you as weak, egomaniacal, and lazy!

Read a history book you numpty. People like you always lose in the long run.
Arpaio & Trump, proud of their bigotry and bound tightly together by their lies about Barack Obama's birth place.
Yet another proof point old bloated fraud is totally unfit to lead all Americans,rise up an remove him now
Saw a meme of pigs playing in the water.  Immediately thought of you and Arpaio.
Of course you did. One pathetic, racist old white man pardons another pathetic, racist old white man.  Birthers of a feather stick together.
Mr Trump pardon lawful Joe McCain protest. Obama pardoned drug dealers McCain say nothing McCain=RINORAT traitor
Proven: U have no respect for he Judicial Branch. The #Constitution is stronger than U. U shld have some1 read it to u sometime #Loser
Mistake # .... I can't even count anymore.
It's insane Holly! I'm completely flabbergasted by the fact that he's STILL in the White House! This is not ok!
You are supposed to be the President for all Americans. Not just those with white skin. Please step it up and stop promoting racism.
There's no shame in asking for the mental health help that you need.
RACIST-IN-CHIEF! You are an American tragedy. #Resist #ImpeachTrump
Your properties will be EMPTY and Ivanka's trash will be in CLEARANCE!  You fool!  Buh bye 
FU
Thank God we have a president that has a giant set of Nu__ _. Another great decision mr. President we're behind you!!!
This sickens me. Start standing up for ALL people or resign.
He is a mass murderer, he may not have run them over but he sure made it so they had nothing to live for and take their own lives
Liar in Chief. #Resign
#nowords#middlefinger !
Both you and he belong in prison.
How dare you ?  The man is a convicted criminal. What do you thinks this shows about your leadership?  Shame on you.
President Jim Crow says it's OK for cops to discriminate against minorities. All pretense of decency is gone. 
#PardoningRacism
You transparent pond scum: u did this as signal to Your Kiddies that you'd do same 4 them, so don't cooperate w/ #Mueller. #treason
Safe? Arizona? Yes, maybe if you are a white middle class male!
HISTORY will NOT look kindly or FAVORABLY on this (stupid racist) decision. PATRIOT? You need to check the definition - he is the OPPOSITE
Congrats on your 250 tweet! https://favstar.fm/t/901417924551999489 …
HISTORY will NOT look kindly or FAVORABLY on this (stupid racist) decision. PATRIOT? You need to check the definition - he is the OPPOSITE
hey Shit4Brains Rump Arpaio is a convicted felon and you soon will be too
You just became Grand Wizard with this one....
You mean like #RobertByrd ...
Mdrr je comprend pas frère #jecomprendrien
you're both disgusting.
Some day, you will just be an embarrassing note in a history book, but America will survive you. More importantly we'll recover from you. 

You are a mere setback & a temporary degradation of Western Civilization. The civilized citizens of the US will overcome your immorality.
I'm glad to hear that. Mr. Trump, I've been waiting 21 years for a Presidential pardon.
@realDonaldTrump
Absolutely the right thing to do #MAGA
Nothing keeps people safe like burning down their house and killing their dog. You would like him, he has no class like you.
He proved Obama was illegal and never should have been President, also that he forged his Birth Certificate and his Social Security Card but everybody was afraid to do anything about it.
Congress fails and puts him on the front line of a failing system and he is the bad guy for protecting? Great decision.
what about the people he didn't keep safe? The ones who died under his care? The ones maimed? Pardoning him is not justice...
Oopsie: Burdick vs US (1915)- A pardon carries an imputation of guilt, and an acceptance carries an admission of guilt. (Ready to get sued?)
Ex Parte Garland, 71 U.S. 333, pardon effect: "in the eye of the law the offender is as innocent as if he had never committed the offence"
You can't pardon the innocent. To accept pardon you must be guilty of something. He will be sued no doubt there.
A pardon is a removal of the federal power to prosecute; yes, a person can accept a pardon who is entirely innocent.
Then what is point of a pardon if you are innocent? There is nothing to pardon. That is not how pardons work. That isn't a pardon then.
Easy: the point of a pardon is to remove the power of the government to prosecute you, convict you, or punish you criminally.
Also Trump didn't even allow the sentencing to go through which also looks like he deliberately thumbing the judicial which is the law.
You UnAmerican unpatriotic creep. Of course you did. He kept Arizona safe from democracy. Cause he's as sick and sadistic as you! Sad!!!!
Great, Thank You! !!
Thank you Sir! Elated to hear the news. Especially w/the Horrific way they"ve treated Arpaio. Ill Bet they rigged his ReElectn
 MAGA
Great.  Beware the swamp is full of attorneys!!
Nice way to bring our country together, pardoning a man that violated the rights of United States citizens. Whats next shooting someone?
One racists helps out another #NotMyPresident
Yes you should quite well understand the sexual harassment cases he refused to investigate & harassment of minorities, like 2 peas in a pod
Disgusting
U will need a pardon. Pence might say no. You can leave OUR house in handcuffs or a casket.  We don't care how. Take your cretin kids with u
Open Obamas records by executive order where we can see what else he is hiding.
I am pleased to inform that we now hate you more!
Figures. Least popular @POTUS in history pardons worst sheriff in America. Sad and pathetic. These racist deserve each other.
Amen
This is no surprise. He agreed on how officers handle black and brown folk. What makes this any different?!

Nice job Donald, good to know you have your priorities straight.
To all cry babies LIBERAL'S, would you please and kindly remind me of who Obama Pardon before he left office?
Thanks for your service sheriff Joe.
Patriot!
LIAR!
Wow, you and Arpaio are so much alike that you have man crushes on each other!
No he violated Arizona law in a racist agenda and YOU CONDONED IT!!
He's not a patriot.  He's a bigot who disregarded orders from a federal court and deprived people of their civil rights. That's who he is.
Trying to join the pantheon of great world leaders like Putin, Erdoğan, Duterte, Maduro, and Jong-un?
@GOP @TheDemocrats @Im_TheAntiTrump
I wish he would just go away somewhere and golf forever
Great news...glad America has the Greatest President Donald Trump...the greatest one through American history...praying
Figures. Racist criminals like to hang together.

I have thought deeply, and I believe Arpaio pardon is most unAmerican presidential act I have experienced in my 50+ years of adulthood.
Pleased with yourself? Lol
Yes, because ignoring a rape case involving a minor and failing to investigate sex crimes is keeping Arizona safe! What a guy!
No, he endangered Arizonans by not enforcing the actual laws.
There are many criminals who are patriots, but you single out one felon?
He violated Americans' Constitutional rights and refused to follow a ruling of American Federal court of law. He is a traitor to America.
Crooks help crooks. We get that. Arpaio is corrupt as are you. Facts @CNN @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC
Anerican patriot? Come on! The guy is a racist, narcicissist...oh, wait. I see the pattern now.
Great Job!!!!
Lmao
Hey #45 two peas in a pod rascist
Why? What he did doesn't work. He shamed and put fear into people. Has it worked on you?  What if it was your family he went after?

No.... you you just approved racism.  Such a leader you are.
Your definition of patriot is strange. Patriots are the people saving lives in Houston. Patriots are the troops, even trans, in harm's way.
Keep virtue signalling those racists Donald. As your biggest fan Spencer said "Trump will never turn on the alt-right"


WTF
Of course you did! He's a criminal, your criminal you. Guys get along greatly. You hate people of Spanish dissent so does he!
YOU ARE BERY WRONG SIR. ARPAIO IS DETRIMENTAL TO ALL THAT IS AMERICA, JUST LIKE THE MAN YOU SEE IN THE MIRROR.
Trump did the proper thing here unlike his predecessor.
can u explan how trump racist pardoning sheriff joe when did his dam job unlike other sheriffs i wont name and the idot obama went after joe
He was a traitor to American values, did illegal racial profiling, & illegally tortured prisoners. Your tweet is an insult to true patriots.
Thank you @POTUS Trump!!! Fully deserved pardon for Sheriff Arpaio!! America needs to be safe!
Love, Prayers and Blessings!!
You & Caligula have so much in common. Hopefully same ending.
He is now OFFICIALLY GUILTY of all charges now that he has accepted a pardon. It means you admit total guilt in exchange for no prison time.
Read the constitution, Chubby!
Thank you President Trump for helping Sheriff Joe,  he deserved a pardon after serving Arizona so many years.
Pardoning Arpaio just gave even MORE ammo to MUELLER take you down, Trump. THANK YOU!
Thank you, righteous
There is case law that says a pardon implies an admission of guilt, and that will have to be argued in open court.So he has to admit guilt!
Thank you President Trump!!!
Actually, Sheriff Joe didn't break any laws–the Judge seems to have.
 for you President Donald Trump!! Keep up the great work 
https://twitter.com/Sams1stDaughter/status/902569071534895104 …
About time someone standup for the police! They protect and put their lives down daily. And the thanks they get? Tho u Mr. PRES.
Pleased you say, imagine you are glad to pardon another white supremacists. Why don't you just pardon James Fields next!
Dude he called his own jail a concentration camp.
Sir, may I humbly suggest perhaps investing in one of these for your next pardon?

A trial run.  Just in case you may want to pardon cronies family members. You are a shameful egotist. An authoritarian not a us president
Too bad you can't pardon the civil judgements that I'm sure will be forthcoming. #RacistArpaio
Don't believe within you have no rule of law
Of course you did.  Did he give you your very own pair of his signature pink underwear? #breadnotwalls
Sheriff Arpaio is an American patriot. The research info he collected on Obama should be presented in open court hearings. @RealSheriffJoe
You are pleased to announce you pardoned a racist criminal???
He's a nothing more than a racist thug who abused his power, profiled by race and violated civil rights.   You've just condoned his actions
This makes me really sad.
One criminal pardoning another criminal.  You two deserve one another.  He/you are bigots, hypocrites, racists, liars and un-American!!!

He violated the constitutional rights of others and continued to do so despite a specific court order enjoining his actions.
You just pardoned a racist bigot CRIMINAL, just like yourself who had his own "concentration camp" for POSSIBLE illegal immigrants!
He refused to arrest rapists.  Maybe he kept rapists safe, but not Arizona
I'm embarrassed by you!
They say you know a man by the company he keeps. You, apparently, are a hateful racist.
Something he never did for anybody. Arizona was not safe for anyone who crossed his path after tripping into the so called "justice system".
trump also claimed “a lot of people think it was the right thing to do,” despite facing widespread criticism for the pardon-IT WAS NOT RIGHT
Thank you!!
You've spent your life fighting against TRUTH & JUSTICE in over 3,500 lawsuits.
I cannot express how much disdain I have for you
He's a racist. Trump's a racist.  Are YOU a racist?
He kept Arizona white.
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia Trump doesn't care about peoples Civil Rights & Especially Not the people of AZ .. @SenJohnMcCain & @JeffFlake
safe from what ??????
Thank you Mr President, Sheriff Arpaio is a great patriot!
You did the right thing Mr President!!!

Arpaio in 2007 on being compared to the Klan: 

“I think it’s an honor. It means we are doing something.” http://www.pressherald.com/2012/07/24/ariz-sheriff-back-tracks-on-kkk-support/ …
