Whatta LIAR you are Trump!  You had 4,000 MAX!  And people were leaving in droves while you were bloviating about  YOURSELF, as usual. #FNC
Stop lying! About 4,000 people attended your rally (if you don't count those who left early). Want proof? Watch:
Our President  needs your  support  not this kind of talk, love him & try backing him
@yaboyylando why is he still having rallies. Does he not know the election is over? Dementia maybe??
Fake news. He said so
have some decency!
Is that at me, for telling it like it is, or to him for committing the crimes that will see it borne out?
you for now. we'll cross the other bridge when we get there...
That IS me being decent. 
More fake news?
#GRABTHEIRPUSSIES
If dishonest, corrupt #MSM reported #POTUS' achievements, there would be no need for rallies. Would be more peaceful, content. MSM dictates!
Somebody want to get the actual count on that for us?
Oh look, it's the basement dwelling child troll with his amusing bag of useless quips
Keep an eye on the likes being generated from bogus accounts.
You have no friends and you have never thanked him before, What you paying homeage to a Brother your African American friend. Please!
Spewing hate and dividing the country!
AMAZING SPEECH MR. PRESIDENT SADLY THE HATERS WAIT TO HEAR IT FROM THE CROOKED MEDIA WHO WILL TWIST IT....PROUD OF YOU...
https://mobile.twitter.com/wretchedrefuse0/status/900223559355826180 …
Worst speech ever! You had America watching but instead you speak just to the 15k?! People are so incredibly tired of you.
But did you happen to see all of the protesters who are disgusted with you and your divisive messaging to the American people?
If we watched another leader of a nation behave like potus45 we would pray for that nation. I'm sure many prayers are being said tonight.
SHUT UP
You are nothing but a street thug. You do know how most street thugs end up, don't you?
You're batshit insane.
Another fraud account
You are INSANE. Congratulations you deeply offended 80% of the country tonight!
Hate filled speech from a tiny little man
Thank you Mr President. All Americans, real Americans are with you.   #lockherup.
well done!!  We have your back Mr president!!
15k? More than that show up for our Arena football team? Just go away. You just lose daily. Haven't done anything but talk.
You are a racist and mysonogist. I am a educated voter. Appalled by your behavior. Screw u. Y r a miserable man wo moral compass.
This aged well.
@realDonaldTrump, you're a 
How much you pay that black guy?
You don't belong in the oval office or anywhere near the Whitehouse.  You have no respect for America. Resign.
The fact that he's not even been President a year and he has to go hold pep rallies to feel better is telling.
This is a Presidency in crisis, and it ain't gonna get better.
We love you Mr President!  Thank you for ALL you do EVERY DAY FOR US!
This man is crazy.  Truly infit for the office.  Make America Great and get him out!
You seem mentally imbalanced. Claim you are for all of us then did nothing but divide divide divide
You are crazy and need help!!! #25amendmentnow THIS MAN IS MENTALLY UNFIT TO SERVE AS PRESIDENT OF ANYTHING! #Resist #Resign
#YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck #YouSuck
Right around 30 t protesting
You are loco
At least you can admit it.
Hey... I admit everything,  you know that....  I love you...  Assh-
Wish to harm you ! God will , he knows how much we need you !


It was flat out awesome. Keep up the great work. MAGA!!!!
Yup riot gear protesting of presidents on American soil. Sounds like Cairo or Venezuela is more of your speed.
No, it sounds like some directionless idiots and in a country of 330,000,000 people, a few thousand Antifa low life's is nothing.
You mean in a country of 330,000,000 only 30% still support the clown who held a rally instead of doing the job he's rallying for.
That's what the liberal media said before the election and he won easy. You have no clue.
Ummm I wouldn't call that easy even with a lot of Russian help. No that's not liberal media that's FBI documents and investigations. Colin
It's been a year and there hasn't been a shred of evidence provided, not one. Have you notice how quiet it got on Russia? Don't hang your
hat on it.
Tonight you proved why the 25th Amendment is so important.
15,000? Did you stop in Colorado for drugs on the way home?
Maybe 15,000 outside protesting. Half empty inside
Oooh, great point! 5,000 in attendance, 10,000 protesting = 15,000.
I was there 

Looks like you are sharing the pictures before people started coming in
Ur full of it! We JUST left the rally and these pictures were taken prior to Trump's speech, we know b/c the rm was FULL when he spoke.
Psalm 20:4
May He #grant you according to your #heart’s #desire, And fulfill all your #purpose.

Matthew 15:11
Not what goes into the #mouth defiles a #man; but what comes out of the #mouth, this defiles a #man.”
#NazisInTheWhiteHouse
You're absolutely mentally unwell.
And anyone still defending you is an intellectually dishonest sycophant.
Only you could be so narcissistic as to tell the world that the real victim in Charlottesville was *you*. 

We've seen enough. #Resign
Suuuuuch a tiny crowd. Maybe he was angry cause so few people showed up for his circle jerk.
This vid estimates 4000 at the rally. Donnie's really bad with math !!!
Hence the bankruptcies...
What was the purpose of this rally as it divides the country.  You discriminate as you are only talking to your supporters not all of USA.
can't talk to the country.He could say save all puppies and libs would say he wants to kill adult dogs.
So you are ok with him discriminating.  The world now knows which side if history you are on.
discriminating? Side of history I'm on? I'm white and support the President, must be racist???
 #LiberalLogic
Open minded people see everyone as individuals with their own thoughts.  Trump supporters see everyone against him as libs.
uh hypocrite much? You just called me a racist because I support @POTUS. You have no clue who I am 

Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at:… https://t...
Donald trump I just wanted to make your dad today..
Like, out of clay?
That 15K included the cavaliers parade lol.
15,000? You're so full of shit.
What is that, 2K? A small swap meet?
They were paid too! Sad!
Any independent confirmation?
My friends took cash to go lol so yeah it's true.
Did they actually GET the money? I'd have insisted on payment up front.
Yeah, they paid in cash depending what n how you looked (attire) and how long you attended.
I'm only surprised that he actually paid.
LIAR.  You only had about 6,000 people. We all saw the video. Plus you use 'FAKE' photos of the Cleveland Cavaliers 2016 championship crowd.
Trump did NOT send this tweet out, it was someone else, damn people Everyone knows this isn Cleveland
You wrote "Everyone knows this isn Cleveland". That was your message. So you have a hard time writing.  I know which morons send the tweets
D - get it thru your head. Capacity in that room was 5000. And it wasn't full. Get over yourself. Stop lying. We cannot trust you.  SAD
So, what? The Phoenix Fire Dept lied when it said the capacity of the building was 4,200?
Lie of course. Only holds 4,900. People also left early as ur crazy rambling bored them. And that was ur supporters.
We have a new teflon Don nie, it's everyone else's fault not mine. Your gonna stop gov. If they don't fund THEWALL that mexico is paying for
lmao
Sad that "supporters" needed to be paid just to attend
Falso quede gracias cundo diario deporta jente ipocrita
Less than 5000. Since you lie by a factor of three, are you claiming what, about 4.5"?
L.I.A.R!!! Make the White House great again again, throw out the trash! #DumpTrumptheLiarInChief
Lol 

Hall only fits 4,200
Where did the extra 10-12,000 people hide? The capacity of that exact room is 5,000 and it was almost half empty..
Venue held 4200 so how did you fit 15k and still have all that open space? Awwww were you counting the protesters? That's so cute. LIAR!
Another day, another lie. #TrumpResign #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-08-28/trump-is-said-to-punish-longtime-aide-after-angry-phoenix-speech …
How many of those in attendance did you pay?
Funny, the venue only holds 5,000. Apparently you can't count high even with those #littlefingers
Liar

There were only 2,000 there and the crowds thinned the more you rambled on!
When the crowd doesn't fluff him sufficiently, he finishes the job himself.
What a lie!!  There were nowhere near that many at your pathetic rally!
"Capacity for the event space was 4,200 people. At final count, 4,169 people attended" 

~ Phoenix Fire Department
He sucks at math.
Fraud
Per the fire Marshall the building holds less than 5,000!
More lies. Check with the Fire Department.
Benedict Nazi Donnie, Big Putie gets 3,000,000 every time - even in Siberia. Don't your stooges know how to multiply by more than 10?

4000 you don't get to count 1000's of protestors outside
You're a lair, there were under 5,000 people there hahahaha #presidentidiot #liar #pieceofshit
Liar! You are mentally ill. You should be removed from office. Hurry Mueller!
Brawhahahahahaha you are such a liar as usual. The event space only holds 4k. Did you mean the peaceful protestors in the streets?
Dude why are you going around to these things?  Do you need people to cheer for your hurt ego?
What's more concerning; POTUS lying about amount of people at rally, or fellow Americans blindly accepting what he says. 4,000 not 15,000.
Uh those were 15,000 protestors... #Delusional as always... there's your #fakenews or would this fall under #alternativefacts? 
I am proud of your decision to pardon a lifetime law enforcement officer instead of a traitor or drug dealer
LIAR!!! Capacity was only 4,200 and only 4,169 attended PER THE FIRE DEPARTMENT
And you had 10,000 protestors...
Only 4000 people showed up. Stop lying
The place only holds 4200 people. The other 11000 people were protestors!
"But the city fire department said capacity for the ballroom where Trump spoke was 4,200 people." Where'd you put the others?
Hmmmm.  Think the Phoenix Fire Department begs to differ.
Go Trump Go ! ! !
"Capacity for the event space was 4,200 people. At final count, 4,169 people attended" 

~ Phoenix Fire Department
Fire Marshall: venue fits 5,000 Nice try Mr. Lying Eyes!
The black guy in the back must of been paid big time and a couple of homes
Wrong!  4200
The place only held 2000, must be " fake math"
You're lying. There's no question. You're a liar.

http://www.bbc.com/news/amp/business-41028904 …

"Capacity for the event space was 4,200 people. At final count, 4,169 people attended" 

~ Phoenix Fire Department https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/900225712522657792 …
4,169 attended.
Just makes me wonder how many of them were paid. Some just don't appear to be real at all. Just another fake stunt.
Liar there was not 15,000 smh
You had 2500 max.  The fire marshal already exposed your FAKE NEWS.  #25thamendment
@realDonaldTrump - the real total was 4,169 MAX. Why do you lie so much dude? #ImpeachTrump
Don't u have any work to do? If u were on ur own show, you'd fire yourself for being lazy and not contributing to the team.
I think you got the numbers wrong again...fire dept says a mere 4100 attended your pathetic rally.  Sad!
you are a fool and a liar!!
#LiarInChief #Losers
Basically the crowd dynamic in Phpenix too. Your small #Cult45 and multitudes marching in opposition
HOW did you manage to pay that many ppl to attend? Must have paid a lot to get them to come out that heat!
The venue only holds 5000 you delusional racist . RESIGN
HAHAHA!! Venue max of 5,000, and not even that was close to full. Get a grip. When will you learn that WE. SEE. EVERYTHING!? Liar.
4,169 attendees & even then you paid many ethnic minorities to attend!
wow, you are popular
Liar. Phoenix Fire Dept certifies less than 5000 attended.
more like 300 people LOL
Fake President
How did you fit 15,000 into a venue that only holds 5,000? You're such a liar!
Those must be some good meds you're on! You hallucinated 10,000 more than the venue holds!
Liar
Since the fire marshal only allows 5k for the venue and it was maybe half full, the only way there was 15k was if you count the protesters.
The event space has a capacity of about 4,200... FAKE NEWS FRIM DJT!!!!
You are a liar, all the time.  The venue only holds 5k and it wasn't even full. All you do is lie.
Actual turnout was about half.
7500, less than a Slayer concert but more than a Ted Nugent one. Congrats
FAKE NEWS
You are ridiculous and embarrassing. Everyone sees your lies so clearly. Resign!
The venue only hold a maximum of 5,000 based on the fire code.
8000 walked out before you were half done
You realize when & every time you lie there's someone fact checking you.  You might get to 15K w/ the counter protest group outside included

like I said before man, don't hype the numbers. Why do they matter so much to you? will 15k look you more credible at your job!? 
Why do you feel the need to lie about things like this? #Sad
Not actually suppose to count the protesters as part of the rally
15k!!? What r u talking about?? Not even 5k...
#LiarInChief at it again. Does a day go by when you don't lie?
How much did that audience cost you?
"Images in YOUR EYES appear larger than they really are" HAHAHAHA that explains a lot...


You could have also watched full coverage on CNN as it was happening. Shame the President lied to those present about the media coverage
Liar!
Lyin crooked low energy Don bullshitting again.
Fact check: 4169 attended as per Phoenix Fire department.  Capacity is 5,000.
They got bored and left!
This building only holds 4,200 and the fire department's final count was 4,160. You see stuff that's not there, old man. #RESIGN #IMPEACH45
Small. Tiny. Minuscule. Little. Like your brain.
I think the Phoenix police said it was like 4100. But I guess you can just round way up. Why stop there? There were a billionty people.
"billionty" 
It was such a joy to watch you. I haven't slept since. Thanks for nothing.
More lies. That hall won't even hold that many.
Room capacity was 4,200. So where did you hide the other 10,800? Lying again?
How did you get 15,000 people in an auditorium that only holds 4200. Resign. You just sound more stupid each day. #trumpfail
Bullshit. 2,0000 tops. Sad, you old orange Nazi bitch!
2,0000

