Thanks. I’m alright. We can make nukes in two months.
That's funny!
Who so you think is helping NK with technology?
and  instagram and so on, and even other popular songs, there is talk of  Trump,Even an interpreter spoken by the government
Trump please make it stop oh and im 9yrs
china should   but is there something we dont know      china a stone throw away??
زببذ
Oh, really???  Seems like nothing has changed much.   He's still goading you, and your still sending out reckless or meaningless tweets.
at the United Nations  had translated Mr. Trump's words to the benefit of the  government.People have been decried and
Hello dear Melania Trump
They will put up with it longer because they understand the consequences of having a nuclear bomb dropped on their country. #historydolt
President Trump! You're really naive that the CCP would like to impose any sanction on N Korea, simply coz the 2 govs are evil commies!!
I love Trumps hidden messages in his tweets. Look at Caps, spaces, anagrams, etc!!!
JPC North Korea 
https://jpcvanheijst.com/portfolio/aviation-photography/north-korea-air-koryo …
,your pals Russia &China have for yrs given to NKorea if they do anything would be force unification of N&S K
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsens...
Your your assurance to 2 allies is that "maybe" an adversary that you continue to alienate will fix things.  We are so fucked.
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 2018 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3DT8-7hNk …
 #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #resist 
You said China was working hard and that they could only do so much.
MAJOR BONE SPUR   you don't have any idea how to handle anything let alone N. Korea

25th Amendment
's second tweet on the topic is almost as clueless as the first. yeah, he's quite the savvy diplomat.
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
Make America great again!
Nuke them and end it all for once and all of US.
Take a chill pill #25thAmendment
Shut up
Shut up before you get us all killed. Then who will have left to tweet your bullshit to. #Resist
Naive
A heavy move?

Like taking them to a furniture stor in hopes of having sex with them?

What the hell is "a heavy move?"
A heavy move? Far out, man! Have you been rappin' with Kissinger?
And this is why we love you!!!  Hope this situation will get resolved.
So, how is that Death Bill doing?
How proud to work for him do these tweets make Trump's military and state department leaders? #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
god bless Americas voice (@POTUS ) #45 Was sent by God to save America and the world 5% chance to win is the fisr clue to the clueless #MAGA
Hey Mister Big Deal Maker. You sure are full of maybes and perhapses. APOLOGIZE TO MIKA!!!
Let them do them do the dirty work, we just assist
#deadlittlefatguy#boom#MOAB

@POTUS can you not just for once keep quiet and stop telling other countries what to do?? You run the USA....THATS IT!!!!!!
You're not the only 1 who can tweet all damn day/night!!! Lock up Hillary, MAKE Obama testify on camera 2 either senate or house intel folks
They need to take care of it!
What's your solution prez?
Appealing to China again? You already let them off the hook. #UnfitToBePresident
Or- and hear me out, DON'T start WWIII
This time I agree with you, but we need you need to press Putin AND China hard on this!
Are you disclosing classified info again?
Trump should just quit while he is ahead
Let's hope! Kim Jung Un is dangerous!!
That'd be nice.
"We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad." --
We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
Tweets do not constitute leadership.
Focus on making sure we are safe instead of mocking him.
One insane toddler mocks another insane toddler... this will end well.
Whatever you say, crazy cat lady!
Mew?
Exactly........I hear the smell of cat urine is addictive to you ladies...;-)
Remember when you'd  on Obama when N Korea tested a missile? He's been doing nothing but test missiles since you became prez.
He sent an america back in a coma and you did nothing.
You're all talk, Donald. Every other nation is waking all over you. Every single one.
Zero self-awareness.
Sipping diet cola at a golf resort, musing about how you'll get China to handle Armageddon for you. #WTF

This guy seriously freaks me out
He looks like Fredo, the mentally challenged  Corleone brother from the Godfather.
Take tomorrow off Twitter and try to enjoy your last Independence Day as a free man.
He isn't even under investigation.
Got some bad news for ya, Lia...
He's literally not under investigation
Read this headline aloud for me:
Fakenews
Who could've predicted this response?
Truly,Greetings to Mr. Trump,because of supporting iranian people and  defending the rights of the people of Iran ,In the telegram and
china will do what you do, NOTHING! If people got rid of trump, bough NOTHING from China we would be American again!
and he be forced vindicated but he  is unpopular ,The president of the government,,Rohani,, also lied too  much.
Thanks to the same people in Iran thanks Mr. Trump
#moron
Sorry to predict that the CCP gov in China will otherwise support N Korea! This is definitely true! The heavy move won't work, either!
Why would China do that? North Korea nucks us, we get weak, China wins.
No, it's your job to put a end to that nonsense u call yourself so big & bad.  Kim Jong-Un knows U are nothing but mouth
just don't like nobody talking tough who ditched the draft & trying to send American soldiers into combat
It goes to show you. You can't have your China BFF and your cake too!
But that is very racisct no offense but sry it's true
So basically u aren't gonna do anything about this... even with our troops there
Would someone inform the orange one that Japan has no military? Thanks.
Your information is duly noted...
do you think you're playing risk?
#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT

#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT

#TRAITOR
#TRAITOR
#TRAITOR
#TrumpIsEvil
I didn't know where else to put this but mr. Trump I mean president Trump thank you for the best Fourth of July ever so proud of you
And the next day you're whining about China increasing trade with N Korea.  You know there are PEACEFUL solutions to world problems. #Resign
China shows so much promise . Examine the past . It fails ..why ..
Same old methods here and worldwide are inefficient andclead to war
@TEAMNASA_KE trump
@POTUS Be polite,but strong at G 20 summit.Great
Run

Sincerely hope so.
@penny63434309 You end it. Put your action where your mouth is. You need to get hot on issues that matter. Keep your words.

Lawmakers demand stronger Trump response after North Korean missile test http://politi.co/2umtpZC  
North Korea President,is a Moron
Thank you President Trump
We all must step up for our country,
Keep up the good fight
Nothing like incendiary language to ensure US citizens visiting Japan are treated like the bane of their existence! SAD!
China is not our friend, get it!!!!
Would be a nice move.
Only in your dreams
#resign #25thAmmendmentNow
I don't think anyone wants to go to war with NKorea. We have not experienced loss like we would in a modern day war with N Korea
Anything Obama did was great. Those of us that suffered the Obamanation were tolerant.
Heavy move?  Is this like moving in on her like a bitch?  #25thAmendmentNow
Yes, wait for China because you and your GOP pals couldn't say "leading from behind" often enough during the Obama admin. Lying hypocrite!
Seems to me entire world has repeated same patterns throughout history .Such a narrow limited pattern mankind history
Wow. It's freaking scary how casually & flippantly this guy tweets out international peer pressure to react violently to North Korea.
Why doesn't the US end it?  Make it happen @POTUS!
Why not send in special ops to assassinate the crazy Korean???
They're prob already there...
They're probably waiting to put the "heavy move" on us here in the USA. Sad! Can't wait to learn Mandarin...
They're gonna tear you up at the Summit, just like the last one. No one respects a buffoon who gives nothing but lies
We must show these countries that they indeed have a stake in there own protection. We have been sugar daddy too long. Japan with Nukes well
Unlike the US, Japan is also smart enough to keep Muslims out of their country because that form of "diversity" destroys social cohesiveness
@realDonaldTrump China will never put heavy move on NKorea. China is grooming NKorea as a rogue state to hit US when required!
China will put a heavy move on North Korea? OMG! What kind of Mess is that coming from A leader? China is A North Korea trade partner, Fool!
Seriously?  Won't you please listen to your advisors? The world laughs at us because of you. You think you can tweet China to take action?
There iz no doubt he iz sliding deals for his own interests but  handle DPRK s LITTLE FAT MAN
did somebody draw a red line?
we can hope but the reality they don't careat all.  Lip sservice
#25thAdmendmentNow
Maybe u should ask some of ur predecessors for a clue since u haven't one of ur own
Simply put, do your own dirty work. #DoYourJob
This is Right Time to come "War" DESTROY all Communist country
U want us in war, ur hungry to blow up the world... @JoeNBC
Donnys doing the best he can considering the humongous agenda
Is the #villageidiot hoping that chastising Un with tweets gonna stop him? Where is the "man of action"? Somewhere cowering in a corner!
What's your plan?
Japan is fludet a bit i herd.But better than an abomb
Nobody respects Trump. What a failure he is.  All talk and no action. Trump thinks he can govern via twitter. what a sad character Trump is
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Perhaps this info you should wait and stop tweeting without knowing consequences. You have done way too much damage already.
For
Oh yeah like that heavy move you put on Vince McMahon aka CNN? That should do it-bigly! Then again probably not!
Glad you were able to get some golf photos while other leaders try to resolve issues
Why don't YOU do something about it? Or do you plan to allow this creature to terrorize the world with his behavior?
But China is allied with North Korea..... do you have any idea what the hell you are saying?
You tweet about these events like you are playing a game. You are a 10 year old without his Ritalin. What is with the exclamation point? Smh
Not a chance. China financing the entire operation. We shouldn't spend a penny on Chinese junk. End of story.

Really? Just like you are doing in Venezuela? Scaramucci is linked to the murderous regime put in place by a cuban invasion!
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce. :O(
Irrepressible. Communication with other countries on twitter is utter inanity...seriously??!! This Tweet is the mark of a crazy man.
If the United States could abandon Taiwan, China would certainly help the United States eliminate north Korea.
Don't count on it.
WTH is a heavy move?? This clown has no vocabulary...
Hey, John. Maybe just think about how he became prez and compare the bad and the good and see if that will go your way 
Perhaps you could quit provoking them.
I believe it was the U.S. that made the first move,its ok 3 U.S. Presidents have failed at stopping the Missile program too
Hey Trumpy! How about you stop bombing countries all over the world? Also, why don't you tell CIA to stop funding Al-Qaeda and ISIS?
maybe you should worry about the USA...you can't even handle that....better yet go play tennis or golf you'll be doing us a favor
#25thAmendment
How long do you plan on waiting on China to do something?
We agree.  Time everyone starts fighting instead of just U.S.  S. Korea seems to like Obama & fascism. Don't trust him.
Not up to Japan or China. This is an issue for the leader of the free world. I trust Merkel is up to the challenge! She's now the top leader
Don't depend on others 2 solve world problems. We MUST solve it ourselves. Remember th red line in th sand? Don't back away @ all. Do it now
hooooo! That's sskirrr
#pullout
I'm pretty sure this is not what Francis Fukuyama meant by the "end of history," but with tweets like this he may have been right that it is
You are a horrible president
wow-- so world war three and you're not even six months in office! A New World Record!
When you start ww3, will your kids be fighting in it?
So what are YOU going to do about it?  What are your strategies/policies?  War is the worst option. Lets see the art of the deal.
You have nuclear weapons. I fail to see the difference between you and Kim. You're both dangerous to world peace.


And I thought the dough-boy was sending up a rocket in honor of our Independence Day!  
Can we do the same for you too. End this crazy nonsense of you trying to play POTUS 
Diplomacy through twitter?
A heavy move?  Is that idiot-speak for 'I don't know what the hell Im doing, get me outa here!'
What are you going to do?
Ok, first of all, if we haven't already mustered the Star Wars Defense Systems capabilities to destroy any intercontinental missile then -
Your Dem tax paying money funded North Korean Missile Program by Obama Administration! No body know what goin on in dis government! Dem!
In your dreams. Don't you realize that China is playing you for a fool?
Do you have a life besides tweeting memes and Taunting this man ?
Let us know what you think after your next moronic tweet attacking the First Amendment, genius.
@POTUS DJT just tweeted about "fake news" does HE have anything better to do?...toopid potus
Still waiting on you to actually, ya know President, rather than using twitter to blame everyone else on the planet.
Whatever Dude!!
Hi there
You should talk to a doctor about your mental health or should I say lack of it.
A heavy move? These are nations, not a woman you're about to sexually assault.
Cop-out! China is part of the problem. Man up! *You* do the heavy move. Take out that two-bit piece of excrement!
Is "heavy move" something McMahon taught you #fakewrestling school? PS: Your bluster is beyond ridiculous.
Doubt it, China is not our friend, and delusional to think so! Your only real friend is Russia against NWO and you betray them for big oil!
Dude, your all talk! No one respects u. U have brought America down.
Keep it in your pants, Donald.
This is so close to his exact words in the pussy tape!!! Ugh!!!
You are NOT a war @POTUS, tRUMP and Pence resign now for the greater good of the future of the country!
Is North Korea the only country with missiles?
