If you consider pedi's hard work...
Thank you MR PRESIDENT if more people would respect your office instead of bashing it they might see what a fantastic job you are doing
I volunteer to fix PR send me. Bring Back 6 ppl....
Plus Pay Deal..
Glad military is getting involved. Local administration is having having logistical problems.
Trump's lying again go to wolks folks vidio our vets say it's genocide courtesy Trump
Only 21
Days and you talking about not being there forever? Hello.
Yet you put them down and didnt realize they were part of the USA...do i need to SPELL out what USA means?
lying about Iran. Idiot or doing Putin's dirty work by making America irrelevant. #putinspoodle https://usat.ly/2ghEUzl  September 29 08:30
You are lying hey people check out" woke folks "video some of our retired vets are telling you real story they say Trump genocide
You must be fucking up really bad in Puerto Rico because you only tweet to cover your many MANY really REALLY BIGGLY FUCKUPS.
Clueless fool.
Thank you Trump your superman . You do a great job. I'm so proud you. And your family. Have a great week......
i AM read
...
Mr. President I did volunteer my truck and trailer if needed I just didn't have no way to get ahold of FEMA I kept getting the runaround
I have a 1993 cabover International with an dump
Wake up man! Watch real tv to see how people are struggling. Stop the NFL comments. You are so absorbed with your self. You as a president
You think you're going to play that game?  No way, this is you & you only.  Don't even pretend we blame those who did help
Bustrad
#WorstPresidentEver
...transition from the drunk, conspiracy theorists, bigot at the cookout to the President of The United State's of America?
I love your zeal as chief executive,  your the kind of President that will lay the groundwork for the new..  New deal. You have my vote.
Donald I want to help. Much to learn and need to keep pace, what to focus on
They are not working hard enough, the response has been very slow, people are suffering
department after Me when I graduated. As a matter of fact. My diploma was printed on a paper towel.
towel tossing be added as an Olympic sport. I majored in paper towels at Wharton u know. They named the paper towel
in all the world. In fact, I'm the first president to shoot paper towels ever. The first. I think in my honor, I will decree paper
Do u notice how he tried to shoot so cool, like hey, look at me, aren't I a great shot. Yeah, the best, I'm the greatest shot in PR,
Limberbutt McCubbins would have been a better president than the Trumpster.

Puerto Rico is a true catastrophe. Don’t compare to Katrina!
I can’t believe what Jeff Zeleny of CNN is saying and making this mass shooting in Vegas political!! He should be fired!!!
Statehood now, we voted.  We american too. I was born in NY; why I don't vote for my president.
U may have to use military drivers to get supplies delivered! Unbelievable how democrat liberals are. Will let their own people do without!
Sadly, the Democrat supporting Teamsters won’t help move aid and supplies and they blame @POTUS .......Dems cry for unity is BS #MAGA
Bullshit have friends living there, there is no food or water n no idea when they will get anything to help them
We dont want you in Puerto Rico They dont want racist POS that colluded with Russia to steal election, We prefer  presidents that dont cheat
White Christians Terrorists any one know what is the name of the new group
Thank you President Trump!! Your visit will be welcome and lifting. Gob bless the USA and PR !!
Yes and amen , may our Lord Jesus Christ countinue to bless you abundantly sir
LV shooting, could b linked to left cause Adlean contributed  to a breast cancer fund that was aginst planned parenthood.
Wow
2 bad U DIDN'T do UR JOB & respond SOONER. Perhaps then U could have saved MILLIONS from suffering needlessly!
Maybe Clinton Foundation can give some of the money ear marked for the Haitians. What has she done ? Besides bad mouth you ?
& it looks like the trucker strike is @Hillary backed !
WHY DID IT TAKE SO LONG TO GET THERE THIS IS YOUR KATERINA BELIEVE ME YOU DON'T HAVE LONG TO BE IN WHITE HOUSE  (MUELLER IS COMING ) BELIEVE
12+ days, you are so winning. Dont throw our first responders under the bus, they deserve better.
#ABCNews reported that only 63,000 people in #PuertoRico have received gov't assistance. There are 3.5 million residents. #PeopleAreDying
It might be better if you don't go
Glad and honored you are coming
Keep Up the good work and please don't change who you are  free pationate patriot that loves the USA not what they portray you to be M.A.G.A
Oh shit I bet they'll all be so glad to see you Donny.  Just what they need right now, a self-congratulating car salesman 
Yeah thanks guys since I'm too lazy to get off my fat ass and do anything
Would like to see you linking arms with ex presidents Bush, Clinton an Obama during national anthem on Monday night football!
Thank you everyone who is stepping up to Help the people.  Mayor needs to do her job.  All the supplies behind her and she plays politics
Thank you President Trump for your hard work on behalf of the American people.
All Americans thank our great first responders and military for their help in Puerto Rico. We just wish you had sent a lot more a lot sooner
Shame of that woman mayor who as a good democRat decides to POLITICIZE a natural disaster FOR her own gain along with anti-americans
YOU COULDN'T BE THERE IN THE BEGINNING UNTIL YOU WERE SHAMED INTO ACTIONWHAT MAKES YOU THINK YOU NEED TO GO THERE NOW
POTUS my friend Tony Krikoriantz in PR, on own time and $. Truck driver volunteering services.  FEMA won't let him in! Please help!
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @mashable
I'm sure they are working hard to get ready for your visit
Be so ever proud of your #EMA Director.  My heavens, the heartless & critical cable anchors are literally abusive!  Pompous fools w/a voice.
#FEMA Director #Brock Long
We stand with you and Melania on your trip to PR Tuesday. Take Miss San Juan a new t-shirt. 
Have some ideas for the front of it.  :)

That liberal POS is not worth meeting with. It doesn't deserve a meeting with our president
It?
Ok Pinocchio!
Please don't go. They have suffered enough.
Well not so great anymore since you can't allow anyone in the http://militiliary.You  are America's second greatest mistake!
God Bless America!
They don't have a golf course for you
You better off playing golf at Mar-o-Lago and stay away from PR.
Thank YOU Mr. PRESIDENT for sending SUPPLIES before the storm even hit. Sad that Puerto Rico Politics won't allow SUPPLIES to move.
@realDonaldTrump you’re a #See #You #Next #Tuesday
No place in the US has been hit with such devastating force by two storms.  Also access to parts of the island are minimal at best.
@flotus News Media has thousands of helicopters & TV crews available, Please ask them2 use them 2 ferry supplies 2isolated victims in P.R.
CU Next Tue
Thanks to all who give their all against all Odds.  We salute you for your bravery and tenacity to save Americans
Liberals using disasters to bash Trump is pretty Damn low. They push anti-Trump agenda at every turn.
Do more the what the uss has done in the pass. They are your and our friendd

Poor job by FEMA Poor Lazy Albatross trump! Confused sociopath!
Lazy Sod wasting the taxpayers money, incompetent DOTARD! Lazy clueless tweeting nincompoop.  Ballast! 45 is the albatross of the USA!
You are what America needed for many years mr President God bless you and yours may He keep you safe, may He lay your haters beside you Amen
Why aren't you ordering all American's impacted to stay in your resorts & hotels until after the rebuilt?
And thanks to you, the presidency has been flushed wholesale down the sewer.
FEMA  and Trump have failed miserablyin their response in Puerto Rico.
#TrumpTooLatePuertoRico too busy Golfing and bitching NFL about protests #TrumpMoneyB4People BIGLY. Unfit for JOB....SO Unqualified for this
Donald, Stay home!  Since you don't know how to do anything, you'll just be in the way.
Thank you Donny for finally getting supplies Headed to PR.  About Time!!
Thank Donald Trump in these troubling times for doing the right things.
#delusional
Feel free to drink all the water you can. All of it. 
I hope you catch Cholera.
Yes, they are doing a fantastic job in spite of your inept actions. There should be 10× the troops there helping in PR. #TrumpResign
I offered my help,I'm a retired truck driver but I guess nobody is interested in my help! #PuertoRicoRelief
Deactivate your twitter account.
While everyone is complaining just get on with I'm sure you did not build loads of buildings worried about negative Nancy's
#nobodywantsyouthere #nobodywantsyouhere #resign
I rebuke Satan in the name of Jesus Christ!!!
remember God has the last word!!!
Happy Dussehra!
Oh, thanks for the warning! DC's gain (you leaving) is PR's loss (you showing up)! Fraud...
#ImpeachTrump
They could care less if you show up or not. Probably better off not going. To much negativity surrounding you and your presidency.
Why are you waiting till Tuesday????
Lies
https://youtu.be/lgdomxmdEB4 
Bet they can’t wait after all the shit you’ve talked!
While your in PR give the leaders some pointers in money management, American tax payers get screwed again
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #trumpsawhitesupremacist #fucktrump #RacistInChief #WhiteNationalist #BIGOT #TrumpRussiaCollusion
What was your golf score today?

GoFuckYourself
#BLOTUS rewrites history every day...and the deplorables eat it up!
If you’ve known the odds were this severe then why didn’t you have boots on ground helping within 48 hours. You’re leadership skills suck!
they aren’t really excited to see you. They are more excited that they will be alive. I mean they do live surrounded by the big ocean water.
Spaces sir....spaces....
HAHAHAHA YOU SUCK, Obama was so much better and far more competent in these types of situations than you will ever be.
campti la loves ya
No thanks to you.

The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
You sir, are doin a good job.
I hope there is lots of news crews there, I really want to see them rip you a new ass for your shitty way you have treated them!!
You're a little late regarding Puerto Rico.  Sorry excuse of a POTUS. #HillaryClinton
A real douce bag, blaming Puerto Rico for HIS late response to this disaster. Shame on you
This clown haas no clue. Blames Puerto Rico for HIS slow response. You sir are no POTUS
I'll bet they can't wait. You're the last thing anyone needs. They've had enough wind.
Yes against terrible odds because you won't send help for them! You are responsible for every death after the hurricane
Even those with terminal camcer that were dying before the storm... how far into the future will you blame us. How many have died so far ?
You are being ridiculous I'm talking about the people who are affected only by the hurricane pre-existing conditions is not what I'm talking
You're being ridiculous and sarcastic and no one needs that now they need help as much as possible as soon as possible
And your blind, they are getting massive aid and help. PR is a island in the middle of the atlantic ocean it all takes time.
It is not that far from Hawaii yes it's an island surrounded by water surrounded by oceans it's saltwater just ask trump
The third hurricane in a row. Republican run Texas & Florida doing fine. Democrat run Puerto Rico 70 billion in debt unable to help at all.
Stay home!!!
#heisnotfit
Too little, too late, hope it's not another rally, they don't need that from you.
Do your job!
Originally Koreans are people who love peace. I think people who are communicated are not already Koreans.
#kurdistanblockade
Yea you are the odds they are working against
Yeah, right on point!
How quickly can they get in there and help
Stop tweeting and go do something! Oh wait...you are probably golfing.
No one takes issue with first responders or military. They take issue with you not getting them where they were needed a week ago.
Stop acting like you're going to a PARTY in Puerto Rico.
The odds are terrible odds because of missed opportunities due to negligence.... you know, "#winning"
Puerto Rico deserves more than a hollow photo op with your trophy wife. You abandoned them to play golf - pathetic, inhumane, unamerican!
Please stay there.
Now go golfing.
