
Never, ever, ever compare @IvankaTrump with @ChelseaClinton Ivanka will never be at Chelsea's level in any way shape or form.
Yes. Ivanka is much smarter and classier.
Hahaha NOT!
HAHA YES!
Keep telling yourself that - it runs in the Trump fam them #AlternativeFacts
Yup, that's the way to make our country better, by fighting each other like a pair of angry lions.
So much for the UNITED States. . . .
Damn you think this is fighting?!? May the Lord help you through life

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
Chelsea Clinton has a doctorate in international relations your daughter has a bachelors in finance ... rest my case
Hononary, not real
Chelsea? try again she went to University of Oxford where she got it.

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
Wilileaks reports are 100% true, not well liked but true journalism
On a side note, if anyone here has wilileaks you should probably get it checked out by a health professional.
Agree...maybe a TBI,
We love you Mr Prisident,
You are doing the best for our Great USA!
Thank You!
You must be either rich or an uneducated blue collar worker if you think DT is doing a gteat job! He is an uneducated LOSER
Shameless cry baby President!  You Shame the nation!
So do cry babies like Pelosi Waters and Schumer. Looks like we're surrounded by crybabies boys! Thank God our crybaby is the Prez.
So you admit you gave the country away...
Wait. Are you saying that you were busy giving our country away while Ivanka was holding your seat?!?

Entitled aholes,sociapaths,psychopaths N many fucked up people always point the finger at sombody else, B n take responsibility 4yr actions
Forget Clinton, why were you giving our country away?
YOU give our country away, YOU!  & your 3 oldest spawn of depravity. Junior is in yugge trouble, should make u  SO proud!
But Chelsea Clinton wasn't asked and you're the one actually giving our  country away. 
#impeach45
perhaps if they weren't working with the president who colluded with a hostile foreign nation things would be different
Mega BOOM.
Did negative stories keep piling up. Huh???
You are

DONE!!!
8 years from now he will be done. First president trump must clean up Obama mess.
No he's going to make a mess of what cleaned up Bush mess
No, they would not. Quite the opposite.
Except that her mother is the First Lady, not the president of the United States you ADIOT.
You continue to PROVE that you are UNFIT to be president And yes Chelsea would do a better job than you or no talent Ivanka
Wait! Does that mean you gave our country away when you asked IT to hold your seat? Sad. #thinkbeforeyoutweet #americasgreatmistake
Chelsea isn't worth mentioning, that would be really insane if we even considered that
Hillary is old news. Stop throwing back and own your crap.
except the fake fox news
I still get a kick out of knowing that the VAST MAJORITY of your Twitter followers despise you. Not much Trump love going on here, no sir...
Chelsea wouldn't have been there.
I am glad Hillary lost the election. Like you "Hillary, you're fired."

Since I know you're a ratings guy, how's it feel to be out-retweeted on this comment by Chelsea Clinton herself? Currently 60.1k v 41.2k lol
Truer words have never been said
Wow, you just can't get over Clinton. This level of obsession usually means that deep in your heart you're afraid she's better than you.
So is Trump saying he is "giving the country away"?
You are a criminal and a nutcase #impeachtrump #treason #russianhacking #lockhimup #hangtrumpinthegallows
So you gave our country away to Putin I think u just admitted #TReason
Secretary Clinton wouldn't need anyone 2 sit in for her as she napped. She has more stamina than you #LowEnergyPres #TraitorousMutherfucker
Wrong you would of thrown a hissy fit
Have some Covfefe
 Mmmmm yum!
Coffee drinkers really do live longer http://ti.me/2uJXcLZ 
Were you giving our country away?
Your son confessed to treason.
which child was qualified to sit at table one with a phd in international relations or one who designed bad handbags
Fake news! She didn't even design allegedly 
TRUMP: A Family of Fakes
Don't focus on the huge mistake I made; focus on an imagined mistake my past opponent might have made if history was somehow different.
HRC sold out her country and lined her pockets with the Clinton Foundation
How does someone go from "dead broke" to worth $200M by running a charity?
Its hilarious to me that all u 45 cultists want to talk about HRCs meager $$ & believe mostly unsubstantiated claims of corruption when...
They r not old enough to remember Hillary testifying re: whitewater... unreal! The Clinton’s have been ripping people off since Bill was AG of Arkansas in late 1980s. I don’t fault U as u prob weren’t born yet. Read about it & Ask @atensnut Juanita! Juanita tell em’ ! #maga 
My parents were alive and have been since the 1940s. What happened to the Clintons was an actual witch hunt. Trump is a corrupt man & has been his whole life. Sorry been they aren't equal in any freaking way
No one vilified him. Monica had the stained blue dress to prove it! But that’s ok. To each his own. The only traitors were those who did collude w/ Russia, made fake dossiers & lied to get FISA warrants.  Trump is not perfect but he is no traitor. Have a great next 7 years tho!
@ChelseaClinton Is So Much More Qualified To Be President Than You Will EVER Be 
List her qualifications based on her own merit.
If I must, based on her own merit she has a masters degree and she also has a Phd from Oxford in International Studies. By the way, yours?
Paralegal
With honors btw.
If I was filthy rich, I could ALSO buy a Degree......"with honors" too!
Lol. No need. You just hv to be smart & put on the work.
Something he doesn't have,  BUT who cares,  he's rich & can even BUY elections with help from his Russian buddies.
It would be nice if the children on BOTH SIDES could be left out of politics.  Chelsea is an adult but it must be hard for her knowing the kind of people her parents are. I voted Trump and would again.
My friend told me you style your hair with Putin's cum. I told him to stop disrespecting the president even if it is definitely true.
if hell froze over
It's tremendously easy to talk S### to another country and threaten them with war if you are TRUMP tight in knowing your kids don't have to go to war for your words. "OUR KIDS DO!"

So...What?? Trump was giving our country away while Ivanka held his seat?
Agree with President Trump's comments...
Mr President. Please the country is going on the wrong direction, because our leadership is very occupied to criticize everything and everyone. Please Let’s take care on real business! Can we?
Ivanka has  more intelligence, poise ,confidence and is more well spoken than Chelsea
You played it well my friend
Chelsea has a Ph.D. And understands international relations. And HRC would never do it. Deflection.
Mr President,
first tweet
You can open peoples hearts by being kinder with your words.
No blame,instead see with your heart to our needs.
You are just wasting your time? This man has no class, or a heart. As long as he gets his way, he's fine. His tweets a form of manipulation.
"was" asked.
You sir are an idiot.
u really are a pathetic person donald 
i know it 
u know it 
everyone knows it 
ur administration is in a death spiral 
#notrumpcare
#resist
The man is insane

All u say who cares barbi

Ohhhh my lovely mama
...i think everyone would rather have Ivanka, or Chelsea, or the Starbucks barista as president rather than you.
Heck...Honey Boo Boo  is more qualified simply bc she at least listens to the adults in the room and tecognizes her own limitations!!
Not a generational issue but rather... college educated professionals (vs laborers working in antiquated  blue collar ndustries): we care !
If Chelsea Clinton met with the North Koreans to get Election assistance for her mother, she'd be headed for prison...
No she wouldn't...her criminal parents have gotten away with MURDER multiple times. It is coming just you wait and see! 
#TRUMPTRAIN♡
Where is your proof?! FOX NEWS AMD TRUMP!

She's not even a designer. She just copies other brands, e.g. Missoni
I would choose both Chelsea and Ivanka for president any day if you're the other option.
CHELSEA 2020 OR WHEN YOU ARE IMPEACHED 
If a President Clinton hired Chelsea to a white house position you would have called for revolution. You are a joke. A sad, pathetic joke
I'd start a protest if she ran for president.
Speaking of giving th country away u seem 2 shoot quite a stick at that urself.Howcome u treat enemies so well&proven friends so bad. Ths=
@ChelseaClinton would make an honorable, dignified and patriotic President, unlike you #FakePresident #25thAmendmentNow
Hillary wouldn't have given over her seat in the first place. She was a leader, not an empty figurehead such as yourself.
Your complete distraction and obsession with the Clintons makes me believe your threatened by them.Trying to bring them down so you feel ok.
*You're
Her daughter would not have been on trip for it to happen
Love me some @ChelseaClinton and @HillaryClinton. Take some lessons from them.
I am amazed that the men and women of the Republican party have not thrown you out. It makes a once proud party now seem quite spineless.
"If".
sir Usa India together farming land loan free loanable property construction growth fiance grw nasa help together well team
Gotta LOVE Chelsea Clintons response to you b/c it's true. Her parents would NOT ask her to hold seat @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton
Your daughter is unqualified, and additionally, no we would not be happy, stop pushing blame and act like a real president.
Why is everything #FakeNews when it concerns you and THAT's OK, but not when it comes to everything heard about HRC and Obama?
I agree
Fake news media are sick deranged puppies.
Does this mean you were giving your country away while your daughter kept your seat warm?

We are not talking about Chelsea but we are talking about your actions and your daughter! Poor, poor decision
Oh no! You're drowning in a sea of toxic masculinityNoooooo
Even Chelsea knows her mom is a crook...
holy Mr. President..seems all the Dems snowflakes got offended by what you said.send them a soother and safe space lmao
Trump there's an ad going around that saying to kill trup
#ILoveIt!

http://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/putin-congress-rohrabacher-trump-231775 …
Right! And I remember John John sitting in for JFK, Checkers sitting in for Nixon, & Barney sitting in for W. it's all "very standard"  Ha!!
Seriously.
Once again proof: You're the #CLOTUS
And you really are trying to give our country away everybody thought so now you have just confirmed it
If Hillary spent a few hours a month with a 10 year old Chelsea because she didn't live with her in the WH - what would happen then?
Lol lol. Ikr???
I'd take @chelseahandler! She'd be kicking ass compared to #MafiaTrump #DonTheCon
Looks like the snowflakes are out in force! Lol
CHELSEA FOR PRESIDENT !!  Oh hey look.  I DID say that! Wait...CHELSEA FOR PRESIDENT NOWWWW!!  I said THAT too.
Exactly because neither you or your daughter @IvankaTrump are worthy of that seat
Oh yes without a doubt
Did you want to check out Chelsea's qualifications before you nodded your head in approval of King Cheetos comment?
Very weak attempt at deflection. You seem to be slipping.
@ChelseaClinton is more qualified to sit in that room than you are.
Money cannot buy class.
Chelsea for prez!
Waiting for you mr. President to end this crime spree they call politics
Stop talking about The Clintons. Speak about Don Jr and his behavior!
Sir Crooked @HillaryClinton is smarter than that, she would sell the Country to highest bidder
Chelsea for President sounds like a great idea! Thanks for suggesting it!
Can I sit in? I do stuff
Tick...
Calling Dr Freud... "gave our country away" #traitor
lol wtf are you talking about
Nice to know you are giving away the country. Keep up the..good work?
At least you admit to giving our country away - but you're proud of this?
Fact check: Did Bill Clinton ever ask Chelsea to stand in? (U know, cos he was POTUS too)z Your statement on other hand is a wild ass guess
#Fuckfacevonclownstick #25Amendment #25amendmentnow
Only none of that happened or would & u r the one giving the country away along with ur devil spawn.
Suck it! @realDonaldTrump
So true
So the logical inference here is: "Ivanka Trump was asked to hold the seat for her father, as her father gave our country away." Am I right?
#WeR....F#%*ED
No they wouldn't because it is inappropriate. Power does not get passed to family. Simple ethical standard to understand. Let all things be
What do the Clinton's have to do with your actions? This isn't confusing, just illogical. 

Have a great day!
Yo bra, you do know HRC isn't POTUS, right?!
So now are you saying that you are giving our country away? I thought you were supposed to be the president....
Who said giving away our country? Chelsea? Beside Hillary DID sell our uranium to the Russians.IF that isn't selling out our country what is
No, actually Trump specifically tweeted about giving our country away. What a great "president."
Your hilarious lol
Shut up! No one likes you! Go to sleep!
Chelsea could give your kids a run for their money any day.  She is intelligent and dignified, and doesn't use slave labor overseas.
Stop being a jerk & involving Chelsea Clinton in this.
What did Chelsea Clinton ever do to you????  She's very intelligent!!!
Chelsea has a PhD in International relations. She's more qualified 2 sit in that seat than Ivanka OR you. Actually, Ivanka is more than you!
Everyone who is hating trump he is your president respect him don't get mad at trump get mad at the ppl who voted him to be president
Omg God Help Us All #NeverAgainClintons #PERIOD #MAGA 
The longer u stay in office,the greater damage u do 2your children & family name. The honorable thing to do is to resign before impeachment.
He doesn't know the meaning of the word Honorable or Ethical or Humility. He's 71 years old, he's never going to change. #NotMyPresident
Why was Chelsea Clinton brought up? Or is Donald just talking out his ass again?
No way Chelsea Clinton with her PhD. No way.
Only stupid people think of doing what you did!
#douchebag
Yuk , we had enough of those trash Clintons! 
After you're impeached it's possible.
If your goal was elevating Ivanka you failed miserably.  All you did was put a spotlight on Ivanka's inadequacy, you sad misguided fool.

The seat was RESERVED and labeled.  Why did anyone have to "hold" it?
Chelsea would do a better job than you Trump!
"... gave our country away..."  Donnie, I hope you realize that this is a classic fruedian slip???  (but we already knew about you + Vlad.)
None of this happened.  Ivanka actually did it.  Highly inappropriate.
Too late Mr POTUS. Your son already gave it away to Russia.
I rather fall on a sword then have any Clinton again. Satan spawn they are!
Oh! Now I get it! You thought you were at an awards show and needed a seat-filler! Makes so much more sense now. #notathing #NotMyPresident
#ChelseaForPres
If you can't help filling Twitter with teenage rants, at least proof read them. Honestly. It's embarrassing for everyone.
Trump for....

erm...

Dustman?
