@CleopatraPhVII حد يفهمنا الجدع دة بيهجص وبيقول ايه أصل الانجليزى بعافيه شويه
ياعم اعمل زيي ...وشوف الترجمة
ده بيقول عندة بحارة كويسين شاكله طالع يصتاد
#ايوه ...ليمجد في البحرية الامريكية 
دلوقتى هيلسع وهيحركلنا الأسطول الشمالى انا وانتى مش كنتى ترجمتى من سكات 
يحرك مين ياعمدحنا نحرك له بحار العالم 
ايوا اطلع ياض ياعربى بلفلوكه
هههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههههه
It would help America if he did not make so many enemies. Hating Muslims invites trouble
From s man that dodged  conscription. Unworthy of the military salute. Commanding people not respect
Hop it getting better I am praying thank, S
All of our men and women serves the USA with Honor & Dignity! Proud of them all!
Trump couldn't fix a doorknob let along make America great . He is mentally ill beg stages of dementia wake the f up .he's done nothing golf
Just what rag did you read that in? The national inquirer is not real,  it's for entertainment
Reliable proof please.
Also I respect your decision to stand behind #45 and I'm not here to change that you'll have to do your fact checking . As I have
I haven't really got time to sit around fact checking.  I'm taking care of 2 disabled Veterans
mr president...u are doing a great job! Hope u are getting some rest, you will need it!
Yes indeed.  Hope moral is on its way back up under your leadership after being neglected for so long.
Those sailors deserve so much better than you for a leader. We all wish you would GO AWAY!
Go Trump and Go USN!
#9237
Keep namedropping mottos like "keep America" safe when you actually make it a lot less safe to its own  people, e.g. by repealing ObamaCare
"With GOP “moderates” caving on Medicaid cuts, the skids are greased."
https://www.thenation.com/article/senate-republicans-hope-you-wont-notice-theyre-about-to-repeal-obamacare/ …
MAGA = make Americans Gone Again?
But obviously, bribed politicians from both parties would vote for the interests of Trump's Wall Street buddies, who will profit from death

400 rebels killed by the Syrian Army during east Damascus offensive https://aml.ink/SdJGr 
We must protect against brown. No Diversity in our town. Only christians and no one else! @potus @realDonaldTrump
And they honor America in spite of you
This has NOTHING to do with you! Stay away from MY Navy!
All you do is post a self-congratulatory tweets to get validated by your legion of fans. Pathetic. Do your job
Stop destroying this country
Something you would never know of. You have no idea what it takes to keep people safe.. how was your time over seas in he military.. oh wait
The only think you're good at is conning people and golf.. because that is all we've seen since you've been in office
This will be a hit.. his name is Agent Orange
Make America safe again!
#MAGA
Making traitors go away!
I love it when he sounds normal.

Yes they are - and they don't take kindly to your sharing our secrets with Russia - just FYI
Like you care self serving criminal, soon to be impeached, bye bye
If you love vets, why no more than one tweet to honor the 16 killed in the Marine plane crash?

POLL 

Is President Trump Making America Great Again??

Vote below and RETWEET!
Right!
You better believe it cause they're In the Navy 
Draft dodger
But can they keep us safe from you and your mafia family
May God Bless the USS John Finn and it's entire crew!!
Why do you always have a need to claim that you're superior everyone else? For real, it's getting tiring and it's absolutely ridiculous.


The best more than Russia
Yes, they are the best anywhere. We are very proud of them!
Tired of winning yet?
Isaiah 49:16
See, I have inscribed you on the #palms of My #hands; Your #walls are continually before Me.
Knock it off.  God doesn't appoint evil wanna be dictators.  That would be Putin who appointed trump.
Sheep
Troll bot
YES WE DO!!
To find the doors of successive  world ? Read and follow the principles of #जीने_की_राह
https://goo.gl/nPDh6U 

Yeah right.
yeah right what? Ru suggesting we are not the strongest military or that are Navy does not keep us safe?
No one will attack us from the sea. Us navy is just a threat for the rest of the world.
what gives you that idea
Awww you so want that to be true, don't you? and the fact that it's not keeps you up at night, doesn't it?

#impotentfury #resistance #MAGA
Pretty juvenile to think the only two options are disdain and worship, no? 

What's Hillary's Presidential approval rating? 

#JustTheTip
You like a president that got peed on by Russian hookers
And to be clear, didn't used to like him. Voted against him last March. 

The best thing about him is who he pisses off and what he exposes.
u should get on a boat and sail away into the horizon never to be seen again :^)
You would be the 1st to miss him like hell!!
sounds fake, like the president.
He might be fake, but he was smart enough to become POTUS & did so when he had 0 chance against Crooked Hillary, that calls for a congrats!!
He won with voter suppression, foreign espionage & an Antiquated EC designed when we only had 13 colonies. Still she had 2.9mil more votes.
He won even with all the illegal voters now dropping off the rolls since feds asked states 4 verification. Trump actually won legal pop vote
You seem like a bright fellow!  I have a bridge to sell if you are interested.
If you were all truly smart you would think of an intelligent argument not another insult. Liberals have no ideas to make America better
LOVE THEM SCABBLE EGGS #navy,  #MAGA

f you still haven't gotten over Hillary's dead voters didn't show up- then you must be still believing in the Easter Bunny. #mypresident


What does Trump owe Putin for helping him win?
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the… htt...
Your son met with Russian spies. That is not keeping America safe.
America won't be safe as long as you value Russia's interests over our own.
America won't be safe until unhinged confused leftists stop chasing their tails with this fruitless 'Russia' witch hunt. It's all HOT AIR!
Listen to Democrat Dennis Kucinich - 'Russia' is a whole "bunch of NOTHING!"
Hillary facilitated sale of 20pct US Uranium to Russia for kickbacks and John Podesta made MILLIONS consulting for Putin. THAT'S collusion!
But this is okay right but not for someone else to just talk to a Russian. F u
Really Donald ?
Right on.

Watching you desperately trying to deflect from the White House in flames is quite enjoyable.
My respect for US Navy officers and sailors! As ROU Navy officer, was a pleasure to act together.

Shutup!!!!!
How would you know draft dodger?  How's them heel spurs? They hurt when you golf?
God love us and guide us. We will be strong again. GODS WAY
But can they contain you to keep America safe?
Only if they manage to dump him somewhere in the Pacific or Atlantic Ocean.
Please keep us out of a new war.
P

Trump building military. HRC would've dismantled it.
Trump selling CNG to Poland&Moved missiles back in Turkey all against Russian interest.
You know what keeps our armed forces safe? DIPLOMACY. Restore the state department!
@parkit240z @JudyRe8 @WhiteHouse @POTUS keep our sailers off their knees with auto weapons being pointed at their heads!!!
Side Money Show! Dear Mr. President, Sir. Them with taxpayer dollars! Mr. President, Sir, you committed Treason by financing terrorists.....
Yes Indeed! The Best!
Making everyone in service around the world very proud!
What about FUTURE SAILORS?
Your president however, is a pathetic brainless man.
then why are you dead set on taking healthcare away from so many of our veterans who served our country as sailors?
What capabilities, specifically? You have no clue. You don't even know what it is.
Where were you when @SenJohnMcCain was prisoner in the #HanoiHilton ?

#DraftDodger #coward #Navy #Veterans
We will all be safe and have healthcare. Right? Because if I'm sick or dying I don't think I will be worried about being safe. Right?
thanks for doing what others refused to do.
More tweets like this, please.

My dad is retired Navy! He got to see the Midway again! His last time on that ship was during his "Away Training" when he was 16! 60 yrs ago
Then why are we using private contractors?
FIVE TIME DRAFT DODGER BC little feet hurt... seem to have carried a lot of weight for decades? COWARD, LIAR, CROOK...
No they're not .....it's the lad 'n' lasses of the Royal Navy the Royal Canadian Navy Royal Australian Navy Royal New Zealand Navy et al.
Did you recognized the 7 sailors we lost last month?
You're a draft dodger so how would you know

Our sailors are already the best anywhere in the world.  You cannot take any credit for that!  SAD!
Thank you is not enough ....
You Democrats talk like you know what you're talking about. You're all a bunch of hate-filled idiots
Sorry, didn't mean all of you Democrats only the hate-filled idiots
Get that pen ready, and sign that bill to sanction Russia , you Russian agent!
 You have no choice lol ha ha ha ha :) no choice
They were before and they will be after but no kudos to you, Trump!
Thought our military was in shambles a few months ago? "Decimated" by prior President.

Good day to revisit Donald Trump disgracing John McCain's military service. 

McCain spent 5 yrs in a POW camp in Vietnam. 
This Navy veteran appreciates the job you are doing.

Trump 2020.
Fact: GOP and billionare WH, want to deny non Gvt working families access to life saving health care Senator McCain is getting as we speak
& u r abusing them, taking their lives, their work & tossing them in the trash.U harm them with trumpcare like u harm every single American
Wow. Before comrade Trump was elected the armed forces were a mess. What happened in 6 short months?

America Safe in the main point to make America great again with good economics condition is a must.
America Safe is the main point to make America great again with good economics condition is a must.
If they're the best, how did they lose The America's Cup?

President Trump, PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE let the Russia BS go. Stop commenting on it and let JS handle it.  We still support you
Best navy in the world  Love those colors!! The voice was unimpressive; should have chosen a man. MAGA!

TY for you for your support of our military Mr. President
A super weapon will be a laser on space using the Sun energy. Because light move very fast, it will knock out any missile in the world.
i lo
I'm not I'm not
where are all the soon-to-be-pregnant female sailors and the disgraceful mentally unfit hormone-sexed-changed-induced transgenders?
Awesome glad you understand the importance of a strong military, We veterans appreciate and know that our sacrifices we're not in vain
For Barnett's family to now know I'm tony James Blake now which I didn't want them to know I was wanting to help and I have been for 2 years
Thank you for supporting us! @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Under your leadership the US Military is something all Americans can be proud of again. Strength at home = strength abroad.
I love the military; that's why I dodged the draft!
That's not reassuring when You say "the Best". So maybe stop saying that?

That gives me nightmares
We don't call them "sailors" !
Thanks again Mr President for keeping us safe !!! Even the Hillary loving demacrats
Know the media is going to do the best to turn senator against you because they nothing better to do lies lieslLIES
Cool!
And get me safe first and I'm the only one who can save her but I need everyone to stop and think what I must do.they preyed on me
The #USSJohnFinn is a @BarackObama accomplishment.
U r right, so far it's D marine's that had to scoured out your Defeated military from places like Vietnam & Somalia, a Desperate time of #US
Fiona would murder me and David will too..the whole world will too for what's been said about me and that's not philomean Malcolm's thoughts
FATHA FINGLING SEY FHACK YHUUUUU
If I was still serving in the Navy and you came aboard my ship, I would have to vomit in my mouth a little.
ŹZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ


They wouldn't HAVE to if you weren't president .
Трамп, подари квартиру, пожалуйста
Young men dying for rich old men. Sad.
Thank god Obama built it
Yes!  God Bless our outstanding Military!
Keep it up

HEEL SPURS 
I'm happy for our sailors.  God bless America
p .
Love trump
GOD BLESS America land that I love!!! Let's keep it that way

Excellent!
FAKE POTUS. Name one thing he has successfully done!  Propply gave Russia the plans for the USS JohnFinn . Sell America out.
for fucking once in your presidency you're right about something...Go Navy!
From a coward that never served because of a heel spur. You are one miserable human being. Traitor. Kissing Putin's rear.
Stay away from America's Navy....everything you touch withers & dies.
And yet you want to cut their benefits. Phony.
Within weeks insurance companies will be begging us to buy it back at third of the cost they'll all be broke
Appreciate sir that your being Commander -in-chief who actually appreciates our military 
Aren't you the same guy who said our generals were horrible and our military was a mess? Talking out of both sides of your mouth again I see
With you in charge, that ship has all the capabilities to get us all killed.
how do yoi know you are/have 'the best'? only thing surecis you have the most meaning u maybe have not the best...
You should be glad USA has the best because Switzerland will the first to call US for protection if trouble should arise.
lol.we are way past beyond that.. we know perfectly to stay out of trouble w/o your fucking terror military /how many innocent killed today?
Putnam, blow it out your backside. Are you so low that you have to bring politics into someone supporting our military.
