
Michael Flynn (Trump's Natl Security Adv) in Fed Court today said he's cooperating w #TrumpRussia investigation bc "it's the best thing for America". He lied to FBI multiple times about Trump & Russia, & plead guilty.
Trump's former national security frontman Michael Flynn has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about contact with the Russian ambassador. 
I think your a great President.
I don't understand why all Republicans aren't on board with new healthcare plan to pass.
Make adjustments as they arise to fit the needs of the people.
Move on to Tax Reform and more pertenant issues.
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our ...

Donald Trump’s Lewd Comments About Women https://www.nytimes.com/video/us/politics/100000004698018/donald-trumps-lewd-comments-about-women.html?smid=tw-share … via @nytvideo
Why has Rosenstein hired mueller who is costing taxpayers money ?
LIARS....
THATS NOT WHAT MUELLERS INVESTIGATION IS POINTING TO - U R GOING DOWN!
Bs
MR. President they will never stop with this B'S. Your actions make all of us proud. God Bless You.
The investigation is not over - just saying
tell   jeff session to investigate alexadria chalupa dnc Ukraine collusion
Are you going to thank transgender people for serving and standing for this country so powerfully too??
I bet Caputo really thinks you suck
God sees you
Yes there was, loser.  Sad.  Lol.
My next question...since that has been established...Why the investigation?
BIGLY waste of taxpayer monies!
YOU ALREADY GOT CAUGHT! MANAFORT, KUSH, AND JR LITERALLY MET WITH RUSSIANS IN YOUR TOWER TO COLLUDE IN THE ELECTION.... S T F U!!!!
LOL. Yeah, Michael Capitol has such a reputation for honesty. Ahahaha! Barf.
He technically didn't say that but u spin it however u like.  The truth will come out
you really seem to work so hard filling up that emptiness within you - beyond sad u fool
Saying it doesn't make it true. BTW, your lips are moving,  just saying.
Sessions recusing himself was a mistake BUT he's a good man doing a good job.  A great conservative. You won't get better
Impeach Trump 2017

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
as President are doing disservice to the #intelligenceservice & disrespecting USA to align W/ #Russia w/ admiration & loyalty #putinpuppet
Impeachment party decorations - CHECK !!

https://youtu.be/sh163n1lJ4M 
We love you Mr. President. Keep winning we are praying for you.
Thank you to Ronald MacDonald for saying so powerfully that there is nothing unhealthy in fries, burgers, and milkshakes.
Illegitimate Putin elected fraud Caputo doesn't have any integrity just one more of your kiss ass defender like you lacks any credibility.
But her name is JACKIE SPEAR, NOT SMEAR!!
He is a liar
Well, that settles it, then.
You spelled "lying so loudly" incorrectly.
The Swamp is just deeper than we thought, perhaps bottomless,please,you are our only voice,you didn't need this,don't deserve it,
Thank You, President Trump,your base is just as strong as it ever was,or more so than ever, keep fighting the good fight for us
Paahhleeeze
Does Trump really believe what he saying how can you say this when their so much evidence say different !
that's going to be a problem since all six intelligence agencies,all the Republicans&GOP said RUSSIA DID IT hence SANCTIONS
Gucci store
Hey, you're not the ONLY liar in town! Why were Kushner, Jr, & Manafort at that mtg, if not colluding? What was between Sessions & Kislyak?
Anyone with a brain knew there was no laws broken
Same credibility as Putin saying he had nothing to do with it. All criminals say they're innocent.
Based on what the press is calling collusion even if it happened no laws would have been broken.  Obama and Clinton did much worse!
Because he's right their was none only in Dems mind which are very small minds.
FORMER key word. Things can change in an hour Mr. Trump #TrumpCrimeFamily #Traitor #Treason 
Maybe but you have committed #FederalCrimes
You should write an RT editorial.
another lying trump head.
....and then he resigned......telling.
@realDonaldTrump America is no more a democratic country even Africa will be more Democrats than America the lies are too much
Well I guess you are not the only liar in your campaign don!
No thank you to trump for smelling so powerfully there was no deodorant in his pitts the whole campaign
If you say it enough times, even you might start believing it
https://wordpress.com/post/themarshallreport.wordpress.com/45325 …
OMG SO SICK OF THEM BLAMING THEIR CRIMES ON RUSSIA. BE DONE WITH IT AND ARREST THEM!!!!!!!
Blah blah blah blah....... please believe me I'm rich and all powerful (and orange)!

That's like my friend insisting to my mum that we were at the library studying the whole time.
truth will come out...bye, bye
There is enough evidence for a good jury to convict POTUS and his campaign. U can deny it but the fat lady is about to sing and you r out
This is my design...this is my solution...hopefully more will come up with solutions and less complaints
Ooo the suspense of which state gets it. Be one Proud state. This way those wanting to be President campaign in their state for the slot.
50 people travel from each state around the country and part way we vote those with less votes go. Process of elimination till your at 2.
Rather than complain I would rather provide solutions. Complaints about the problem doesn't make it go away. Only solutions do that.
The cant serve for more than two terms provided that the same person from the that state isn't running again.
That is a nice set number 50. Each state competing for a Presidency, we Americans love competition so damn much. That then eliminates
Candidate for Presidency and we vote on them similar to American Idol. Each state putting their best and brightest candidate into the pot.
Paying out of their own pocket to get heard and voted for. I don't see why the states don't put forth a person from each state as a
You will see real reps come out not these money hungry wanna be. A public servant should only want to serve for the better even if it means
Lets give them a modern day voting system. They should pay for their own campaigning and not be allowed any endorsements period.
Lets make the app happen so we no longer need to wait in long ballot lines, we no longer need the electoral college, they want modern
Which must be directed through a public server not a vpn in order to vote by phone. Easy, accessible, and protected under federal law.
Meaning it will be constantly monitored by the FBI and for those who don't understand how that works they can and will track your ip
Easy solutions to complicated problems. Make it a federally run app that is protected under FBI laws for hacking, interference, etc.
Packaged arrived where it should. Guarantee you will see more accurate, honest voting, happen like never before.
Screw this i vote so some one else can vote for me. I want to know my vote went where it should. Essentially a mail confirmation that my
It is my brilliant idea so app makers i have a patent verbally and will collect royalties.
From my state im registered in. So those who can't get to ballot boxes now can access voting from a phone so long as they are registered.
All one needs this day. I control my vote and all one should do is enter in their voter registration number and voila i can cast my vote
Then we can do that for a Presidency. Why have ballot boxes anymore when most people have phones. A simple app that allows us to vote is
If America can publicly vote for the next American Idol and track their vote from their phone to make sure it goes to who they voted for
Get ready because the line has been struck and the American People will have their day. Bye bye electoral college.
Those people being actual service members, our neighbors, pastors, lgqbt, people from walmart, anything but the 1%.
Thank you for making a clear path for 3rd party voters and showing the People why what we say is true. Time for new blood and new people.
Not you words that tell all about you and Hillary. The 2 party system is a corrupt menage if people and it is high time to clean it up.
Two people who never did care about the benefit of the People, this Nation, just cared about their own interest. It is in your actions
Deserves to be a President. Not a tv show host that robs people or a conniving wench that will throw people under the bus to get her way.
I thank my lucky stars I was taught to look at all my options before deciding and I voted how I should on the one who actually knows and
So tired of putz being made Presidents. Seriously I voted for what exactly more investigations, more corruption, more criminal behavior.
For killing innocent people and being corrupt. No American wants to be a part of that EVER.
Don't give me the I can't recall line because you were in on most of those talks. Russia government is our adversary and they are reputed
I believe him as much as I believe the Fake President
There is and was collusion then and now. Session told on you when discussing sanctions and lifting them. All while you were campaigning.
Your son's email regarding his meeting with Russians is proof that he was trying to collude at least, and almost certainly did. All out soon
Just because a friend says it doesn't make it true. You lost the popular vote. You won with the Russian vote. Sick.
Bullshit
.@realDonaldTrump EVERYONE waiting 2 hear if Robert Mueller's crack team of prosecutors agrees. 
Did you hire lawyers for @WhiteHouse staff?
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.

The whole World is laughing of American "Russofobia"
It sounds great. Isn't it?  What a joke!

https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ  https://goo.gl/n3i5cE  https://goo.gl/hV1U34 
https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ   https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/YpHtmi   https://goo.gl/u8QBAX 
Resign, Traitor
If there is no collusion why are you searching ways to pardon yourself or your complicits? Why are u afraid of probe in your finances?#HAHA
Wake up Donald!  You are going down and your family too.  It's inevitable.  You can't help yourself.
Lies
saying it wont make it go away Donnie, the big bad wolf Muellers coming 4 ya, like steven kings the tommy knockers u hear em but u cant c em
It's not over. What are worried about?  "There's something,  there's always something."
Don't you ever get tired of lying, Conman?
Yeah, like he'd really say so if there were.
Well done Michael for managing to use those vocal chords, what did the Russians think of this? Miss you 
That hasn't been proven yet Donald so hold your breath.
if you say it enough it will be true
Want to say that one more time with a straight face
TRUMP looks like a DEMON in holy water. If there is no collusion, let Mueller do his work.
Caputo, isn’t that guy from OITNB?
Saying it won't make it true.
Bahaha. It's like your wife telling you that you have big hands.
Trump you and Putin are lovers and whole world knows it and you will get caught.
AND WE KNOW HE'S LYING TO COVER YOUR ASS
We love you president Trump keep up the good work try to push harder in the places that matter
Get rid of Mueller/Sessions, the entire gang...MUST get off this Russia story.  We the People need promises kept; Congress doing Zero. @VP
Thank you Caputo for lying to the public. It's so easy for people connected to you. Almost like they are using you as inspiration as liars.
Doesn't matter what he says.The people of America know u colluded w/Russia!  Traitor!  Liar!  Thief!  Finally your taxes will be revealed!
臭老外，傻逼
Battle On Mr President
Oh boy, if he's good enough for you -then he's NOT good enough for us! We require honesty, ethics, morality, and truth!
I guess that's why u and ALL your ilk are lawyering up and you are asking about pardoning them this early on..#corrupt
@POTUS Snake Mueller hired 17 LIBERAL ACTIVIST LAWYERS looking into your businesses & family, what the H does that have to do  Russia???
Hello,Trump,I am a Chinese,I am a girl,I think you ......
An innocent man would simply allow the investigations to go on unimpeded, while welcoming the conclusion.
You are so delusional. It's obvious that something happened and yet you still override the intelligence on Russia from the CIA?


We don't listen to Putin's puppets, whether it is you, Tillerson, Manafort or Conway.  You are ALL dirty & we will shortly be able to take U
Sorry - I missed that. Send me a link if u have time. Later.
Always wanted to go to Russia big man we should try and get a cheap flight sometime 
Get away with the GAWA soon to be sure 
PLEASE LISTEN MR. TRUMP WE KNOW YOU HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE BUT MUELLER IS A LIAR AND DECEIVER. PLEASE FIRE HIM.  LISTEN TO INTELLIGENT VOICES
Hahaha you need to get a hearing  aid
ऊ उ हुंन मला इंग्रजी नाहीये येत ना साहेब मराठीत लिहा
IF NO COLLUSION THEN WHY ARE U ASKING YOUR LAWYERS ABOUT PARDONING UR AIDES,FAMILY AND YOURSELF? GUILTY LOCK THEM ALL UP
We'll see. Nice try though. #emperorhasnoclothes
he's a Russian spy ! don't sleep on those old JOB spys are still around
well the truth of the #russiainvestigation will show otherwise. seems obvious to most everyone. #IMPEACH #RESIST #truthtopower
Did you send flowers?
just because you say it doesn't make it true... not all of us are blinded by your racism
The big lie Donald. Problem is no matter how many times you say this one, no one is buying it. Studying from Joseph Goebbels much?
Talk is cheap from this millionaire laden administration.  Corporate America & Russia making decisions for us now. You got to go.
to bad his word means nothing, you are fucked.
Ha ha ha ha everyone is laughing at your complete stupidity
You pay him to say these things!
Don't they have anything better to do? Wasting time and taxpayer money. Sorry but I don't trust Mueller and his lawyers.
The book is not closed on #RussianCollusion #RussianHackers 
This is better than any #reality show.
Yes there was!
We can see that you are lying and your attempt to discredit the press is not going to work. You are a criminal and a liar.
Time to hire a special prosecutor to investigate Mueller?
Make Ron Paul your Secretary of State....! Just do it.
Even though your son and he met w/ a Russian about obtaining compromising material on Clinton...
"We didn't collude"
Trump:"I have news.The greatest news.Some doubt my news, but my good friend Michael Caputo says we didn't do it. So ha!"
? Then why trying hard to stop intro blaming others.sofar you have not achieved anything but being laughing stock.
resign!

Taught him how to lie, did you.
We need all Republicans; congressional and taxpayers to fight back against the Russian investigation crap.  Insist that they pursue Hillary
As if we could believe ANYTHING from the people around you. Sad.
but, but, ...... we saw your sons emails.......so we know that's not true.
Russia Collusion Illusion!!
COLLUSION! = Barack Insane Hussein Obama KNEW about Russia hacking 8/16 but did NOTHING because he believed it would benefit a Hillary win!
DEMOCRATS/MEDIA!  Russia Collusion? YES - Barack Hussein Obama!   Obstruction? YES - Loretta Lynch!
Democrats & Media LIE to the American People since 2016 campaign: Obstruction, Collusion, Russia Russia Russia!!
Russian 2016 election interference under whose watch?  Obama, Lynch, Comey, Clapper, Brennan, Rice!  THEY are responsible NOT TRUMP!
