Nice to see you can spell evangelical, President Draft Dodger, but bet you still don't know what it means.
Surrounding you with Prayer
Be Safe
Don't come back
Go with God's blessings, safety and love.
Wow... "Freedom", "Veterans" AND "evangelicals"!!!!

It's like the Republican Party platform in concert form!
Seriously, this is possibly the MOST Republican thing ever said in 140 characters!

Well, after "LET HIM DIE!"
You probably could have tried to fit in "pro-Life", too. I mean "See you soon!" and "I'm Pro-life!" ARE the same number of characters.
Right there with you Pé!
- Cancels WH Ramadan Celebration
- Doesn't Acknowledge Pride
- Tries to Ban Muslims
- Insults the Pope…
Thank you for all you do!
FINALLY. President that actually cares about our vets! Thank you!
Take care & God Bless have a wonderful evening and please know we Americans out here are with you every step of the way!!!!
And how will you be “celebrating freedom”? By stomping on the freedoms of others?
If there the freedoms you bring into this country yes
Wow! Wakes up tweeting, plays golf all day, and now off to celebrate into the night. Life is hard as a so-called president.
Except for POWs. Right? You've made it clear that you don't like people who get captured.
RT for Obama

Like for Trump

Tune in the hear our narcissistic Supreme Leader brag about his victory, crowd size & sunshine on a rainy day at inauguration! All hail!
How many licks to the center of a tootsie pop?
Fake news. You have no friends.
Sweet
Yes show your hypocrisy is flotus out with her new man tonight
How about being specific as to how you are helping veterans? Food shelter medical care? What have you done to help veterans?
God knows you are lying
Sooooo lame
Enjoy the concert this evening.  God Bless You and God Bless America 
Please take a break and go to a beach with Melania and your son!. I'm sure they need you for a long weekend!
This from the guy who dodged the draft multiple times and can't even remember which foot his bone spur was on!
uh oh now fakenews and atheists are gonna come after you. Just spray them with a lil #covfefe with deet like mosquitos.
And, being a veteran myself, I wouldn't want any "honor" from you. I swore to defend the constitution against all enemies (1)
foreign and domestic. You, Donnie, are an enemy of the constitution. #BenedictDonald (2)
My family came here before the Revolution, fought in that war, the Civil War, and both World Wars. You have no honor, no patriotism. (3)
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $44,536,780.27 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 
Well, Camp David just don't cut it. No billback, no bucks.
God bless
No, he just pretends really well. He only loves himself.
http://www.militarytimes.com/articles/trump-budget-preview-retiree-cola-vets-round-down …
Yeah, he really 'loves' veterans.... http://www.tennessean.com/story/news/politics/2017/06/14/trump-budget-proposal-slash-benefits-veterans-dead-arrival-congress/395765001/ …
Scott Baio going?
Three Doors Down performing?
Potsy Weber  and Ralph Malph are starting up the band again
dang I was really hoping for a karaoke with Trump singing. 
 -- 
　   
 - 
　   
 -- 

　　
　   
    
 　　 
　　   













　

　
　　　 
   
　　
　　 
　　
   













 
　　 
 
 
　　
　　
　　
 

　　　 
　　
　　
　　
　　　 
 
　　 
 



　　 
　　 
　　 
　　 
     

 
　　
　　
　　
　　

 
　　
　　
　　
 

　　　 
　　
　　
　　
　　　 
Draft dodger....sad...
me so holy.
False:. If you're a true Evangelical you don't support a fear mongering bigot like Trump!
LOL - when was the last time you voluntarily went to church.  Catholics only tolerate you because you're a puppet for the GOP.
Do you think he ever looks at anything you tweet in response to his tweets? Serious question...
No, it's more of a vent on my end.
I wonder when these poor bastards are going to realize he's just using them?
He doesn't give a sh*t about Christian values...
His quote, Art Of The Deal:
A celebration of patriotism with great American heros! Liberals will absolutely hate this--real Americans applaud you, President Trump!
Did you serve?
Gonna play a mean guitar solo there, Donny?
He's more of a sousaphone kind of cat, I'm thinking.
He'll just get someone else to play the triangle (too hard for him to figure out) then take credit and not pay them what he promised.
Donnie, I bet you've got all the rhythm of Perry Como on Nyquil in the hold of a cargo ship in the North Sea.
You can hold another celebrate freedom when @DonaldJTrumpJr  gets out of the clink!
You don't even go to church!!  you're such a religious man, cheating on every wife you've had n spewing venom on twitter. Hypocrite!!!
Yes and there's room in church for 1 More. 
Church is for sinner's not Saints
He doesn't go to church. The man spent his entire life cheating on his wives n cheating people. And he's STILL doing it.
U said Trump is a hypocrite. I simply stated Church has room for 1 more. Church is 4 sinner's not Saints
He's the least religious person on the planet. lol
I don't judge. Far as I know we only have 1 judge and that's God Almighty. Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior
God didn't make you stupid but it seems Trump did - so he can screw you.
Keep fighting that globalist agenda and your approval rate will keep rising! % #BetterThanObama
Keep fighting that globalist agenda and your approval rate will keep rising! 40.7097% #AWESOME
This guy is the only celebrity that is willing to be seen with you.
While you are there, would you mind asking your evangelical friends what it is about you that reminds them of Christ in any way at all?
THIS WAS WONDERFUL--the fake news just can't publish anything good!
Don't forget to tell the vets you're a draft dodger.
Mandatory worship time..is that next you despot.
Please recognize and honor the sacrifices of all GREAT VETERANS @realDonaldTrump
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic… htt...
Wondering why your president is babbling so much.
One of the best speaches ever by a president.  Thank you
I hope it was a success!:)
#cult45
Try Church yourself, try the Miltary, it would give you some of the discipline you need.

How much #freedom is #PhilandoCastile enjoying this #4thofJuly ? NONE. How about @Schaeffer_Cox or @Free_Ross Ulbricht? ..0
Too bad you were a coward during the draft.
I was going to watch this show, but knowing you will be there is enough for me to turn it off.
"Evangelical friends" they're the only ones who'll have you. Birds of a nutjob feather...
I hope Trump stops deporting undocumented veterans who bravely served in the U.S. military.  They deserve better from America.
SAD that you spoke mostly about yourself! As a veteran l in no way felt honored by your remarks, instead was disgusted and appalled!
Evangelicals are supporting a liar, adulterer, misogynist and cheat. No wonder people stop going to church.
A lovely outing with your Klan. Did you all wear your white hoods?
So you put on another show pretending to be Christian did you? If you really are, show us by repenting of all your sins and resigning. 
#25
Please don't sing, that would be horrific
Your evangelical friends? Now THAT is hysterical
I'm just trying to figure out how you got 5 deferments. You seem fine at 70. Idk how or why you couldn't fight as a kid.  Seems. Ehhh rigged
You never say anything about the Catholics !!
Great job last night Mr President you nailed it yours in support
#republicans have ruined what was know as religion in the united States.
It's extremely interesting when a sexist and homophobe, like @realDonaldTrump, is in a concert to celebrate the freedom.
Love you President Trump! I have never been so proud of a President, as I am of you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You sure like to kiss ass when you need to!
you are a hypocrite...your evangelical friends you make me sick..
Why shouldn't they be friends with you? You have been married 3 times, cheated on 2 of you wives and had 1 child born out of wedlock.

Draft Dodger!!!
The hypocrisy .... you honour vet and at the same time take away their Medicare.....I guess Evangelists are as hypocrites as you are!

Did you see many of those evangelical friends on the golf course this morning?
Sure, appeal to the ignorant masses that belong to mega churches.  They are the only ones that try to still believe in you.
I'm gagging
You don't even know what an evangelical IS. You thought Presbyterian's were & you're supposedly a Presbyterian!
Liberal University Plans to Remove Bibles and Crosses From Their Chapel http://truthfeed.com/liberal-university-plans-to-remove-bibles-and-crosses-from-their-chapel/87309/ … via @truthfeednews
1st Baptist - figures - why don't you slink off to some hole ,,,
Ugh. How do evangelicals endorse your philandering and cheating and nastiness? Your are disgusting and now, so are they.
I really don't get this part! How you've hooked the evangelicals is just bizarre.
Have fun all you haters...religious people? NOT!
Ya, you and #God are real tight.  LMFAO!  You're an avowed #atheist and have fooled these religious fools.  #Bigly.
Joke
That was a great show and a great speech. #MyPresident
False piety is a MAJOR SIN. But thes Fake Christians idolize you- also a MAJOR SIN. Satan is having a party!!!!!!
I pray for everyday and thank God you listened and ran for the presidency!!! This country is going to prosper once again!! God is good!!

Tell us last time you prayed? America prays hourly to get you out of office
Sounds like a shitshow.
You have no friends

This poster should show honored Vets FIRST, you are a horrible,  self indulgant fraud! #FraudTrump #impeachTrump #TrumpputsVetsLast
Such a hypocrite !!!
I was hoping you would leave office for good and retreat to your Florida safe space and eat burnt steak all the live long day! #getlost
Any veteran that still supports this dumpster fire should feel nothing but shame.
You are a fraud
I don't understand how any Christian would want to be anywhere near U! YOU are not a Christian at all and live a life that should b despised
That means you have to celebrate the right to criticise you Donald. Sure you are OK with that?

No. You won't.  I don't allow liars in my home.
Seriously ?? Your evangelical friends?? You mean the people who believe in creation myths and are easy targets to believe your con games?
Will you invite the Vets organisation that you banned from Twitter?
Ask your evangelical friends to explain the teachings of the Bible to you. Especially those parts about the poor and downtrodden.
We the People stand By Our PPresident and Vice President 100% all the way through2024
you would do better to improve the VA and care for veterans than bloviate (look it up) about a concert.
Romans 13:1 Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
Too bad you can't include yourself in the ranks of great veterans because you  #FakePresident,  had a #FraudulentDeferment &R a #DraftDodger
FAKE CHRISTIANS!!
I love my friends, they shower me with gold all over my face, just drenched in gold
Wasting more taxpayer $$ flying back and forth. Seriously...
Right like your an Evangelical! Lol
Veterans who truly believe in the greatness of this country and don't denigrate it like you.
Why did you waste our taxpayer dollars, leaving to golf for a few hours when you knew you had to be back in DC in a few hours?#taxesfundgolf
And you talked about yourself again
#ShouldAmericansBeConcernedOfTheRockElizabethWarrenTweet
So many of your evangelical friends, eh?  I must have missed the part in the Bible where Jesus said to grab women by the pussy.
#CharlieGard

You picked one of the best ministers when you picked Jefferess.
As always you had to feed your ego and talk about yourself! Sick
Evangelical friends? That's an oxymoron. I have problems with Evangelicals. Fake Christianity. I have probs w your friends. Fake friends.

Here's what the Evangelical friends have to say, Mr. Trump
BARF. jesus sucks anyways
@realDonaldTrump if really wanted to honor them - close all US military bases, bring all US service men & women home!
@realDonaldTrump but you can't there is no money in peace.
Go away..
Ahhh gotta love having evangelical friends. What if God doesn't exist?
http://archive.courthousenews.com/CnsNews/Story/Index/94982 …
If you "honor vets" why the hell are you taking away their healthcare and food stamps???  YOU REALLY ARE CRAZY!!  100% NUTS!!
