I've voted for you, but your social media use is embarrassing.
Uh ya think?
THE MAIN EVENT #TRUMPisn V ▲∞★
#VANPOLI#BIGDATA★#IT★#AI★#DL★#WEF#ML#TECH★
#FINTECH#IOt #FOREX▲#ANON #Ω $B▲#NYSE
I can't even 
Then don't
Incorrect. Obama was the first President on Twitter. He never embarrassed his country with stupid, impulsive, jibberish tweets.
#Covfefe
Duh, you are. He is #MAGA.
DUH! You are... a #TrumpSheep!
#Presidential went out the window with Hussein! #KeeponTweeting

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
You are not and have never been Presidential
And never will be. 
Kind of like how all presidents before spent July 4th with troops and you went golfing instead?
Modern Day Presidential, trump!
America will be great again the day you leave office, and not a moment sooner.
i voted for you because you tweet, i knew i could get a direct message to you if necessary
You seriously think he reads your tweets? My gosh! 
She probably thinks she can ask for personal favors too.
u repulse me to my core lol
Nothing you do is Presidential. You're a low-class loser who has to buy his friends, and nobody respects you.

Mr. Prez.
When the MSM is skitzoid, crazy, running about and making up stuff....Tweet em again.
If they scream...yell or..
Tweet em again...
I love it, keep it up Mr. President. 
And he will help impeach himself. I agree, Trump, keep tweeting!
Dig your own grave!
what good is your senseless prediction. u no doubt thought he was gonna lose election aka you have no idea what is going on.
You're right, I did, but Russia appointed him to office. This is why he will be impeached.
You'd know that if you knew what was going on!
Hey, @icemandagenius, I'll bet you thought Trump would actually do some work when you voted for him!
Jokes on you little boy!
Here's some good reading material for you, "genius".
It will give you a better idea of "what's going on"
One last thing.
A "genius" would know you used "aka" when you meant "i.e."
#ILOVEthePoorlyEducated.
Now troll elsewhere, little boy.
Nope, not even close. It's modern day rudeness & ignorance. Please go away. #25thamendmentnow

That's about the most amount of bullshit and one tweet I've ever seen.
No, The first sentence is accurate on its own.
HELL YEAH!!! GO POTUS!
#25thAmendmentNow !!!!!!
"My use of social media is not Presidential"

Had you stopped there, you'd have been telling the truth, for once.

No. Its modern day snowflake narcissist.
Pretty much.
Yes! Complete Drivel.
But only marginally better than the pathetic Grade 3 speeches you occasionally have to give. 
(Buzz Aldrin despaired!)
You are a horrible representative of our country.  It's a shame.  How do I teach my children respect for others when the #potus lacks it???
You teach them and if you can't,  then it is on you. Duh! My parents raised me when Nixon was in office. No excuses or pitty parties!
Who taught you spelling? It's p.i.t.y. pity.
Nothing about you, what you do and say is presidential. Nothing.
You know NOTHING of running a country!! #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
What's presidential to the left?
Trump's tweets are beneath the dignity of the White House, where presidents diddle interns with cigars and run guns to Mexico.
I voted for you to make america great NOT TO BE A JERK AND BE NAME CALLING ACT LIKE A PRESIDENT ....OR ELSE
The people love it!! Never before has a President been more connected with the people!! Quickly making mainstream phoney #fakenews irrelevant!! #MAGA!! Great job MRPRESIDENT 
Unprecedented!! The first of many to come #TRUMP had changed #AMERICA for the good!! NO QUESTION THEEEEEEEEE GREATEST #PRESIDENT OF OUR TIME!!Just maybee all time!! #MAGA!!
@EvelynOConnor15 Not Presidential ?
Hogwash !! How else are we gonna find out  what the FUCK
Is going on ? We love it !!!!!
Amen! 
You are disarming America with your asinine tweets. Get to work Mr. President. You were elected to represent the people of the US
Want to MAGA? RESIGN!
The only correct thing you said here was "My use of social media is not Presidential".
And on the menu for you tonight is a plate of dicks.
Bon appetite, sir...
don't stop
Agreed!
That's right President Trump. Keep tweeting. Do what you do best -get True news out! I am hoping this news gets out to all people!
Rightttttt. Because Twitter has a deeper saturation than broadcast news. Cable news. Satellite news. Even newspaper? #delusional
This meme depicts how most of us see & receive the Tweets @realDonaldTrump throws into the Universe. Toxic waste!!
Unless you're already back in U.S., 
stay over there, Ass-hat. 
#FakePresident
#Impeach45
Weird, I though we were great before you became pres (w less than 50% of vote), now I'm not sure. Can't keep up w the destruction #resist
Haha!  Yeah, if you are a toddler!  Lmao
Damn
...SO MANY VERIFIED ACCOUNTS COMMENTING... Celebrities and people known and recognised in their fields of expertise...
ALL AGAINST YOU!
you're not all there
We love the way you are. We don't need guess what do you try to do... We the people well informed. Thanks 
We love the tweets thank you POTUS and if you can we don't like Ryan he needs to step down and spend time with his family Focus work
God bless America!
Continue getting your tweet on our awesome President Trump! #MAGA
You are like a Clown Without Its Suit.  #25thAmmendmentNow #Unfit2Rule #MATFA

This guy is in so far over his head all he can do is distract the American people with his high school antics. We have a loser in the W.H.
U have some nerve Your merchandises R made w/slave labor abroad U only hire Foreign temp wkrs  3mth-3yrs hold wk visa so not wk anyone else
It will only b great when ur ran out of office!!!
Coz 140 characters per tweet is a heck of a lot easier to spit out. You don't even have to be grammatically right. #covfefeisarealwordnow
Enough Said....
@realDonaldTrump #25thAmendment It's a Constitutional duty to insist our gov representatives remove FEEBLE TRUMP from office. #feebletrump
Modern Day Presidential? LOL Neanderthal maybe?
and you're modern day stupid. You use social media more than the average middle school female.
You're right,suing social media is not presidential,it's ignorant, and evasive!Try a town hall and faced the people, quit hiding.
Modern Day Questions will get Modern Day Answers. You are SO F***ed!! Love it!
So, online bullying is the new thing? I thought the FLOTUS was against that.
andrea why are you tryna get blocked
Cus he's woke
damn i gotta block on twitter too?
No pls don't
keep chester the chetto off my tl, unless you're dragging him then rt
Why are these "progressives" stuck in the past. We have a @potus with the most direct way of speaking to the people ever, you wanted change!
Damn Skippy. And True That
So be it-tweet on! I don't care what "Fake News" says as it's a personable way of talking to us all.
@POTUS NEVER STOP USING SOCIAL MEDIA. WITHOUT IT YOU WOULD LOSE YOUR VOICE WITH THE AMERICAN VOTERS. YOUR CONSTITUENTS LOVE IT. DOUBLE DOWN!
Young Republicans for a better America, get rid of Graham and McCain find better replacements and endorse them. Down with NEVER TRUMPERS
@realDonaldTrump I LOVE YOU, MR. PRESIDENT BUT PUH-LEESE TWEET A LITTLE LESS OFTEN AND IGNORE SOME THINGS.
God Bless You! Stay strong and safe!
Yes # MAGA#
my too longcrisis but like St. Paul? My missives 2 ALL d politicians w/d #WordofGod in I do like St. Paul & spread d Gospel #goodnews
We r so glad we have a way to talk to u! It's great! Makes us feel like we mean something rather than just a number!
You haven't done a phucking thing to make America great. You've brought this country down. #FakePresident #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump
Amen
#MAGA #AmericaFirst !
Hard time finding that limo right in front of ur face there yesterday huh bright eyes?
Or maybe its prehistoric day troglodyte.
America will start being great again as soon as you leave the White House.
CHINA NO.1!!!
.@realDonaldTrump As someone that works in social media, it isn't the fact that you use it that's wrong. It's how you use it (not well).
Not u looK more like a bored teen that just got unlimited text data
Sorry, Suckwad; it doesn't work that way. Maybe you should get Twitter lessons from Obama. He always hit just the right tone, unlike you.
Your use of social media needs to be proofread.
By "Modern Day" you mean  "self centered, narcissistic and lying"
MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL AKA Making a fool of yourself and your country. Good job! Nailed it!
You're insane.
your tweets are annoying
We need the tweets to flush out the lies from MSM!! KEEP TWEETING!!
Exactly
You are modern day delusional.
#DementiaDon
America has been lied and deceived for years. Obama is illegle, Mueller and his Clinton Cartel illegal,Pedefile Ring, Fake news cover it up.
This made no sense, both in traditional norms and modern day norms
Well the pope uses social media, it's becoming a trend.
Sure and the Pope uses logical sound wisdom for which he speaks from.
That carried no weight whatsoever.
Hi Mr. President Donald J. Trump you are my "Make A Wish" Since I am a Stage 3 Colon Cancer Vietnam Veteran Victim. Eviction date of 03/11/2018 and Disability Case with SSA & VA too. 
Call Thomas F. Ratley Jr. 909-225-7833
Mr Ratley thank for your service to this country.  We just met a friend from long ago and he just received an apartment for $4 a month.  Why aren't they doing that for all veterans that are homeless.  Give it a try.  Praying for you to get the help you need
I have tried but I keep getting pass the buck letters sent to me by each Federal Agency.  I need to have The President Donald J.Trump call me. I know he will help me instead of Brother-In Law that makes fun of me and says The President will never call you and help you.  Thanks
Tom did you vote for Trump.  I'm sorry you have made a serious mistake doing that.  He is ONLY in that office to grift our taxpayers for his own pocket.  Do not count on him at all.   You will be hurt if you sit and wait for that.  Take some positive action on your own behalf
Narcissism, ignorance, and caring about no one but yourself and nothing other than fame & attention. THAT is your "presidency."
There is nothing modern about you. You're ancient. Most world leaders use social media. You're not the first & you're so old you do it wrong
Everyone knows we get dumber with age. As we get older we don't have the experience as we did when we were young. "Modern Wisdom"

Stop the Senate/House from passing HR620, sir. Your about to have the House and Senate slap the faces of EVERY DISABLED VETERAN in this country if that bill passes. Accessibility to our country's public spaces is a right folks fought for!!
Sure are a lot of pantywaist liberals sniveling n shinning about DJT,s Twitter usage. He has the right to as everybody else. #Getagrip.
Modern day wanting to take the country back to 60 years ago...  senility is not qualified to make decisions
Bull crap!
One question please...just one: "WHAT DO YOU WANT TO BE WHEN YOU GROW UP?"
I love it that you use Social Media you are more real of a President that we've ever had keep it up we love it
no. You are just the worst. Record lows in approval. Sad!
They can't keep up with you. Men half your age are tired, unprepared, slow-moving and slow-thinking. You are awake POTUS while others sleep
It's foolish, reckless, & entirely inappropriate! Only serves ONE purpose... to feed your childish EGO! #Twitter #BanTrump
, you def have made wearing an adult diaper great again.  Good for you Squishy Pants Don
A Fool is a Fool, no matter what day he thinks it is
It's not Presidential in any way, Mr President, you are not Presidential, I can't turn a blind eye like your supporters, you shame America
Thank you and your family for the sacrifices you are making for all Americans. God bless you.
Love your unorthodox methods of running your administration. It's quite refreshing Mr. President.
You're so juvenile. 
Thank you for your courage. You are in our prayers.
Keep Tweeting....It's how "we' the AMERICAN PEOPLE know (if) what's being said is true or not...You are the greatest President EVER!!!
You are the CEO of the USA, foolish etiquette is no longer needed. Excellent performance replaces it. Adjust or get out of the way
@Leneve50 God bless America again
Can you start making America great again by donating 5 million dollars to the Perez family?
You tell em President Trump! Us true Americans have your back. MAGA
No, your use of SoMe is trite, childish, proves your minuscule intelligence, and demeaning of the office you have paid to be in. #WakeUp
It's clownery!
Please do not ever stop using social media to bypass fake news, we need to hear directly from you, President Trump!
I thinks it is good with a President who write directly to the people.
It's modern day embarrassing.
LMAO!! 
Defining "presidential" to fit your personal behavior seems just a little narcissistic.
MDP = Uncouth, classless, rude, dishonest, etc.
Keep Tweeting!!!
it's 1sided & leaves non users out of the loop. Allows you to not have to respond/explain in a professional adult manner.
YOU ARE SUCH AN EMBARRASSMENT.
You are embarrassing to the presidency. 
You're like a toddler that can't be left alone in a room for fear of God knows what will happen

Just like your impeachment will be a MODERN DAY IMPEACHMENT.
Tiny penis syndrome.
Hey! Men with small penises don't want to be lumped with Trump.
Erm.....or so I've heard 
Don't get involved player. Just sit back and watch the show!
To be fair mate, you're exposing us all to the inane ramblings of a mad man in power. Years from now your tweets will be shown to students as an example of how not to run a country.
Cool please don’t gamble away the lives of millions people with reckless tweeting... also how’s Puerto Rico doing? #notmypresident
Correct, it is NOT Presidential!

Best use of social media thanks Trump now millions Trump supporters  arund the world are directly connected
We read Trump massages regularly
America will be great again in 4 years when your fake orange ass is in prison #impeachtrump #NotMyPresident #cheetoinchief #fucktrump
Keep on tweeting, at least we know we are getting the truth.
Love it!
They praised Obummer’s use of social media! He was the second coming of Christ!

Keep doing you Mr. President! If they aren’t complaining, you’re doing something wrong!
#MAGA
Modern day Russian propaganda..
You're a mirror of your voters trump. Moronic, rude, uninformed, the only good thing you have brought to the table, is evidence that education is a requirement, to avoid voting for lies and unattainable promises at the very least.
Lol and if Trump doesn't agree with you, he blocks you. Pure Freedom of Speech. Classic Modern Presidential. Or should that read Dictator?
Half truths as normal. Trump's use of Twitter is DEFINITELY  not Presidential.
Glad you didn't fall for all the pressures to stop tweeting. If Trump doesn't talk Trump, nobody will.
Love you! Keep up the great work, Twitter-In-Chief. We going to beat them at their own game.
Ok Ive had it with every  Bad word against my President! He took his physical and a cognative mental status test! Hes not unfit, probably more fit than most his age. He has a 156 IQ let him do his job people!
They try to get u to stop so that truth doesn't get out and they control what people think n know
Modern Day Toddler
God damn, do you ever shut up???
nothing you do can make you more Presidential then Obama.
Nut!
not true. It’s mobster mentality, it’s bullying at best and tyrannical. You’re the worst example of a so-called president the entire world has ever seen. Lowest ratings, most criminal, most hated. most laws broken, most admin jailed alongside you.
- if you actually leveraged social media to unite the American people, I would agree. Most of what you say here barely elevates beyond immature trolling. You wanted to be the leader of the free world. Act like one, please.
Old man resign
& yet u never fail to call others out on disrespect to symbols yr behavior hollows of any meaning
According to you!  The world says something different.


However, you use it like an adolescent with name-calling, insults, and vitriol.
Even the deplorables are turning against you now. What does that tell you trump! Everyday people hate you and your family
It appears that @realDonaldTrump makes up for his vast insecurities by attacking anyone who threatens his ego.
May I suggest a therapist?
No, its not. Modern day Presidential would not condone violence against women. You continue to diminish the office.
You are a laughing stock and a fool. You are making America into a giant ball of dung. Keep up your crappy work. #fail
your Tweet was quoted by @CNN
MAGA
#FakePresident
#impeachtheliernowbeforemoredamageisdone
Please either be a president genuinely concerned for the United States or please leave the presidency.  Thank you.
no it's childish what are you 3?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
Nothing you do is presidential.
ProTip: If @realDonaldTrump is the President, everything he does is therefore Presidential. Please shut up pundits.
Sincerely, America
MAGA
GOV goes on Obamacare! What's good for us should be good for them unfair government doesn't have the same insurance as us executive order!!
Keep using it. Too bad for the crybabies. It is refreshing to have a President that is for the people.
Your use of social media is embarrassing and idiotic. You can barely formulate a complete sentence. The general reaction to your tweeting is

You mean modern day unpresidential
Modern day presidential? Really? Your tweets seem more like a Hamilton-Burr exchange without the wit and articulateness.
Trump, I believe your tweets are as effective as FDR's fireside chats. Great work keeping America great!
it is childish even for a fascist and traitor.
For a prez even one as ignorant & inexperienced as DJT to undermine the authority of the judiciary is appalling,stinks of authoritarian gall
You're not 'predisential', you're the digital "modern" crayons on the wall. No dignity, no authority, no truth, no respect, no validity.
This would be hilarious if it weren't so horrifying.
It will be with you leading our way 
