What's historical is you at the LOWEST popularity rating IN HISTORY!!!
When are you going to announce a historic breakthrough for our country and RESIGN/
Trump is as fit to be President as Chris Christie is to climb Mount Everest with a 40 lbs bag of hoagies over his shoulder
And Your Conspirator Sean Hannity's promises are worth even less... #FireHannity
Ha ha ha you're using a tabloid site that specializes in fake news!
WH leaks are #nationalSecurity issue. Get rid of them. #firethemall
Our veterans deserve the best of care. They deserve love & respect. They fought & sacrificed for our country. They deserve BETTER than Trump
Good news. 
You can eat all the chocolate cake you want in prison.
Bad news. 
"Chocolate Cake" is your cellmate's nickname.
Thank you, President Trump!
#liar
Still want to know what happened to the money you raised for veterans during your campaign. where'd it go, @realDonaldTrump ? Where?
Keeping a promise actually is a huge historic event for you, isn't it?
Lmao trigly puff #LiarInChief  #DonTheCon #Koolaiddrinker #propagandasheeple
You @POTUS are the greatest ever! Thank you! #MAGA full speed ahead!
Thank you Mr President. We appreciate all you're doing. #FireMcMaster
You are as fit to be President as you are to be on the cover of Men's Health! An UGLY Sight!
Real men don't treat women like pieces of meat! http://ir.net/news/politics/126520/report-trump-allegedly-procured-young-girls-russian-organized-crime/ …
Real men lead. Real men stand up for America rather than kneeling to Putin.
Keep trying, you might actually discover what a real man is. But you're not there yet. Particularly if Obama is the best example you have
We don't , not 1 bit
You have no clue where this country is headed. Sad..
Don't forget to make fun of the disabled, Mr. Covfefe
Yeah, yeah, yeah, more bullshit!

Why do you block Veteran's groups from your twitter?
Liberalism is mental illness
The "bottom line" still rules the VA thanks to cuts by Congress yet they get the best healthcare & continue to cut healthcare? #GOPHypocracy
DONT FORGET YOUR BASE! #FireMcMaster
So Gov. Justice is changing parties to support your lying agenda. Another person who thinks coal mining is good. In addition he is shady
2/2. What a shock that Justice Gov of Va is joining GOP. He is under investigation for not paying taxes on his coal mining businesses.
3/3 All the crooked politicians should be in one party.
These are only for the veterans who haven't been captured, right?

And only support your legislative agenda, right?
We know how you feel about veterans who HAVE been captured: "I like people who weren't captured"
Remember when you called the White House a dump, according to "fake news" Golf magazine? Guess what was an even BIGGER dump? Hanoi Hilton.
I know listening to Miller's bigotry voice is horrendous. But McCain was LITERALLY tortured.
To be frank, you don't care about our veterans, other than to use them as props at your rallies, or to give you their medals as "gifts".
Talking about medals, congrats on the medal for neatness from prep school? Is it your neatness that gave you bone spurs to avoid Vietnam?
But not to worry! You had your own "personal Vietnam" avoiding STDs in 1980s New York, am I right? Tough life, being "rich" and having sex.
Jealous? (no money, no sex, never been to NY)
The veterans mean so much to you? As long as they aren't trans. You should use the mental health insurance!
The VA looks like it's the bright spot of ur administration. I'm sure ur not involved
Draft dodger says what now?
Trump looks sickly. Very low energy.
FIRE THE GLOBALIST MCMASTER. DANA HABIB POWELL. NOW!!!!!!!!!!!
Thought you were about to announce "another historic breakfast". A bit disappointed if I'm honest.
Nice! Now about the rest of us...
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!!
@Mainekindxl @realDonaldTrump
Best. 

President. 

Ever. 

#MAGA
 NOT.
That's what I was going to say!
Great minds!
completely apparent to anyone with 2 brain cells to rub together. unfortunately, about 37M americans lack one or both or hate america.
You have constantly attacked and insulted both veterans and the military - we do not trust you with our healthcare.
Especially given your relentless efforts to steal health care from millions, all to cut taxes for fellow billionaires
Again and again, you use our fellow veterans as political props to disguise the fact that you've never served this country in any way.
Trump has a collection of "prop" military hats he likes to wear to get his supporters all fired up...
He's a grifter, very good as if that's something to be proud of. So sad that USA has been subjected to his abuse and con job.
#MAGA = megalomaniac ass-hat gifting America
Hey, that's very fitting.
YOU GUYS ARE JUST JEALOUS THAT YOU DIDNT HAVE A 14 MILLION DOLLAR LOAN TO START A BUSINESS WITH! TRUMP IS PRESIDENT! #MAGA #USA #KFCZINGER

Father the building in Dubai is in flames It is too tall for any fire ladder or firehose Son see America first break out those marshmallows 
We're making popcorn
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/883730540511154176 …
Well Said Sir!
Bringing modern day health advances to our veterans is HUGE. Only radical leftists would be against this. #MAGA
No longer will our veterans wait weeks, sometimes months to receive healthcare. It's our duty to repay them for their sacrifice. #Veterans

America First Era PAC will not endorse/support any GOP candidate who doesn't stand by President Trump.

donate here:
Oh no!!!!! People not standing by the tRump turd or his legions of turd nuggets. I guess some ppl have a moral conscience. #tRumpTurds

Today's actual cover!

Please fire H R McMaster. He is bad for you and the entire country.
@POTUS  @SeldenGADawgs 

Expedite VA/SSN claims for Veterans, it's NOT just about care. Vets get screwed for years! Fix it!
Gotta redo.....

I hope the press keeps it up. Obozo holdouts leaking AGAIN.  Bashing Trump. I've been since 2012, after helping Freedom Works get going....
He must go after them hard and put them in prison, long term. ASAP
Agree! Hell, Gen Kelly scares the shit out of me & I never reported to him b/c to chicken to join & I'm on HIS side! Hehe! James Baker 2!
I want an Alpha adminstration, 
Not an Obuma Beta.
2 words: Mom Jeans 
That's all.
As a veteran it's sounds like smoke and mirrors what percentage of veterans have smartphones? Probably a low percentage
You're living in 3rd world? And no you're not correct you just assume you are
I visit fellow veterans once every 1-2 months eat lunch telling them about things like this app many veterans don't have smartphones
Maybe you know rich veterans I don't see them at VA plus Vietnam era veterans are older not modernized with vision difficulties
I am a veteran and software developer so I'm one of the few who actually understands how the technology works many don't reality
If I told veterans when i see about 200 next week you can download a app and schedule appointments they're doing to say? Huh?
Thank you so much Mr. PRESIDENT!
I was promised 5 years of healthcare when I left active duty. When I applied to the VA I didn't get a response.
Not being rude or anything... but when does the VA generation end anyways ? Like in 20-30 years wouldn't that be our fathers needing help??
Marvelous! continue to do good for all our veterans former veterans and their families U S A !!!!
ya, right
You are doing a Fantastic Job Sir!
The hardest working President in history
When I'm by myself I look in the mirror and gloat to myself about myself.It makes me very jealous but then I touch myself and it's ok.
#MAGA
You liked your own tweet? How desperate are you? Would you please start acting like your the president of the United States? What a joke!!!!
Thank you POTUS 
Well said , A real businesslike President Trump , knows well to jostle swiftly our great veterans needs on behalf the Americans LOL #MAGA
I love what you are doing for our Vets. Thank you!
Today we found out that Trump can't even negotiate a business lease ...
Even the veterans who have been captured? We know how you feel about them...
In 2005, Mueller Closed Grand Jury Probe into Clintons’ Pardon of Marc Rich
Tremendous!!
Thank you, Mr. President! Keep on doing what you're doing. REAL AMERICANS LOVE YOU & SUPPORT YOU!
Liberals hat that you're doing something for vets.
Why did you take childcare away from those in the military? Why are you trying to take healthcare away from vets?
following Trump a few days. It's a life choice for the haters. Judge on the actions not the commitment to the anti-trump squad.
Thank you Mr. President @POTUS for help bridge new technologies to our Vets.  Telehealth is a great way to do that!
As long as they're white, straight and male
Just no POWs though right?
Ever hear of separation of church & state? The thing that has always made this country unique? America is *not* founded on a belief in Jesus
Nice
Please Mr Trump,  tell us abt your exploits when u were over their fighting for our freedoms, serving the USA. What branch were u n again?
Hey Dumpster Trump 17 vacation days  what is this 50 of 200,  something unethical.
This is REAL POPTUS OBAMA's initiative.  FAKE POTUS continues to take credt where none is due!  Thank REAL POTUS OBAMA Vets!
@MontagnaTony The key word here is "our", a personal possessive.
You sure are grasping at straws. As if you had ANYTHING to do with this. You take credit for other people's work. #FAILURE going to #JAIL
Trump- YOU Try it, see if you like it.
Only then can you have any opinion.
All you have done is made America look bad around the world  thanks loser!
Does not work! They tried that in the pass, and didn't have enough Doctors to handle the incoming calls or return those calls quickly!
No...someone else is working tirelessly and you are taking credit for it, sure sign of shitty leadership. #STUPIDPRESIDENT
You're a #DraftDodger, #unfit to be in the same room with our Vets #BeatOff #pussygrabber
Prez Trump took action and helped the vets. Something @SenJohnMcCain gave lip service to, but never did anything.
Soros is working with Silicon Valley to bring America down, we need to build a virtual wall to protect government tech, and drain the swamp.
how bout helping the homeless ones, like the ones in NY who sleep in cardboard boxes near your elite Trump Towers. Do you pretend not to see
Hey  - that can be your next publicity stunt/photo op. Stop and give some homeless man your McDonalds or some money. Pose pretty w/handout
@bertadesherlia mr. President you are fighting with pure EVIL
Yes he is. I find it abhorrent how the press, Dems, n even many RNC'ers have become traitors. #DJT4LIFE
I bet CNN is not going to spend 3 days talking about this. Too busy with Russia, CNN should go to Russia lol
FALSE: HRC“gave” Russia 20 percent of the uranium in the United States. Clinton was 1/9 votes which involved production capacity, not stocks
But yet the homes that you have for the homeless veterans are getting shut down great president put our nation's heroes out on the streets
#ThanksObama ! We miss you, Mr. President! Come back!
Everything with u is historic or greatest even if it isn't U didn't start the VA And it wouldn't have started with u or the Republicans 2day
What is abusive about positive comments to my president?  Why are positive comments being censored and removed by twitter
My VA is in a hiring freeze. Forget  in town care, authorizations for that, also frozen except for emergencies. Video chat Won't help that!!
Good work Mr. Trump! Now onto firing McMasters!
you might as well understand what is all about to be in service ... if you had done a single day at least !!!
Never give up.  The honest, law abiding citizens are ready and willing to help.  Me included.
You know you're a joke, right?
Great job Mr President. Thank you for looking out for our Veterans
So refreshing to have a real patriot. A supporter of law enforcement and the military in the white house.
Bless our Vets! #MAGA
Whatever...
Fire McMasters now. He is forming a coup against you. Fire him now.

Thank you Mr. President. We're behind you all the way whatever happens.
I love winning
Yay.

Now they can ignore us over WiFi.
Thank You President Trump. The VA has become a festering sore on the Veterans it is supposed to serve.
Wut
Trump the DRAFT DODGER
Next push Doctors Direct and by-pass government incompetence.

Amazing technology...!!!
I was talking to a vet today and they are all so proud of you Mr President!

I'd change "we" to the deplorables you've hired.Apparently,you merely roll around bemoaning those that try to do your bidding.
Trump has done nothing but keep his promises and backing us up. The absolute best.
This is fantastic. We have needed this for a long time. Thank you @POTUS
#MAGA #military #Veterans
Everytime you say Promise I hear Bullshit.
I am sure the people who create software's like this can assure you this was started under Obama.  Stop claiming you do stuff Obama did.
Liar
Please delete ur account
We? Bahahahaha
You should should make another historic breakthrough and resign in the first year 
Hopefully there will be extra help for vets with bone spurs.
How about you just make the VA healthcare better instead of a fucking app!!!
#Va dog and pony show!!!
Our Vets deserve better Medical Care, better than those in @congressdotgov !
That is not what the vets are saying totally out of touch
@DanRather It's distasteful to say , If Obama said half the things Trump has said Republicans heads would be exploding!
Healthcare premiums are out of control. $927 a month out of pocket. Its more than our house payment!! 2 healthy adults one healthy child?!?
Yea, the VA is getting no better.
Thank you!


Unless they're transgender veterans, that is.
Thanks, Al Franken!
great veterans like @SenJohnMcCain ?
This was 95% planned and executed during the Obama administration. Projects like this take years. Quit taking credit for Obama's hard work.
More Evidence Of Cover-Up As Trump Personally Wrote Don Jr.'s False Statement On Russia Meeting via @politicususa
Your finances are the "Red" line that Muller better not cross? That "Red" line leads all the way to Red Square is why U don't want subpenoa
As long as one of those veterans are transgender, right? #hypocrite
So glad you are doing this. We appreciate you are trying to keep your promises.
Yeah, this started under the Obama Administration.
And I'm denied health care for holding a job as a civilian. All veterans should receive VA medical care for devoting there selves to USA!
Explain to me why we don't just close the VA. Dorn in South Carolina is inexcusable. Complaints not answered and management on vacation.
I find as far back as 2013 apps 4 vet existed 2016 u weren't #45 had 20 apps .U siged 2 extend what already existed. Fake News SAD...
I would have to have a death wish to go again to the VA, USN (ret).
Mr President we appreciate the sacrifices U.have made 4 our country-we have total faith & trust in your superb efforts & thank God he sent U
What is the breakthrough?
You are so fake.
P.S. Wanna solve veterans homelessness?? Tell Social Security 2 give 100% disabled veterans the benefits they deserve from social security!
If the veterans are depending on you, then they are so screwed.
Wtf?
Remove all the BHO appointees with vet loving people and see how quickly the VA system turns around.
"Keeping our promises" wtf r u talking about? U put down all your predecessors-yes u do...now u want 2 give them a Trump Mazeto help,  ugh
Awesome Mr. President!
Benefits have expired. Yeah...They really care about us...
Says the man who dodged the draft with fake bone spurs #TrumpLies #DonTheCon
Except all those transgender and LGB vets, right?  Those you'll happily kick to the curb to feed your rabid fan base.
I wish this was true.I have several families members suffering w The VA.Dont play on their patriotism
Of which he is not one. Bone spurs, you know.

Hey that is great! How about increasing rather than cutting funding for the VA?
Vets Still waiting for dr. appointment. Vets still dying waiting for help. What are u doing about the backlogs?
