I thought you were supposed to lead Donnie. #youredumb
Patton was a war hero, but he was also an awful person.
Tru but I'm just saying probably not the best to be quoting for politics
@realDonaldTrump I understand u will NEVER see this (as ur protected from negative tweets), still, u know UR global laughing stock, right?
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow....
Does that mean that the White House can't be a sanctuary for criminals either? Just asking
Dude WTF are you awake? It's like 3am there. 
And what better way to waste time than twitter right. 
Just make sure you're still awake for the crazy fucker's tweets in a couple hours. 
You are a jerk - I voted for you but you are embarrassing those us who voted for you and your family is mortified - get off twitter !
@realDonaldTrump @VP @HouseGOP @washingtonpost @cnnbrk @jaketapper @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS @jaredkushner @StephenBannon
We need to hope the illegal criminals accountable. Make laws that put them in prison for crossing our borders !
Maga is growing
Obama & Hillary are protected in our national Sanctuary Criminal City, WASHINGTON, D.C.
Saint Don, what is 777 or did u mean 999?
Pres. Trump Sir, when are you going after Obama and Hillary Clinton for justice sake
Keep Tweeting The Good News Mr President!
Just don't step down too quickly because that Nazi Mike pence may be worse for America than you are..
Hoping so. The only problem is that the government wants to keep it under their control. So much money will be sucked up in the system...
So whoever votes against it should be held accountable. Illegal act happens, criminal and one of their family members go to jail. Solved.
yes yes yes
What do states gain by harboring these illegals? I must be missing something??
The only place I hear the news is @POTUS

#MSM too busy chasing cat tails and lolli-pops to report real truth and events and trends and NEWS
We love you but please, Get rid of Kelly and Holman!!
So when are you being detained? #AssHat #TrumpRussia #TrumpPutinMeeting #OrangeIsYourColor #Resistance #TrumpCrimeFamily
Does this mean you're gonna get the boot?
Sad we have to pass a bill to stop Sanctuary Cities from protecting CRIMINALS!! They should be tried for crimes against their own cities
does that inlude tax cheaters and many of my personal friends people.#open borders
@realDonaldTrump During my younger years, somebody read 2 me: Don't wake up the sleeping Dragon, you'll get the yellow plague. Nixon did it!
@realDonaldTrump ,USA shouldn't allowed any "medication or food" imported from China.
@realDonaldTrump Been trying to warn U, "do not trust China".Getting wealthy selling their trash to us, & NK is an extension doing d job
I agree with hoy Michelle
Gallup 40% approval,  Rasmussen 46% approval.
I suspect those numbers are low.
Yes sir!  Strangle those sanctuary cities for harboring criminals!
Arrest the mayors and towne councils as well.
Break the states offering sanctuary to illegal aliens. #MAGA
25thAmdmt: Voices when no one is there? Micro penis? Tiny hands? Nights staring at TV/Twitter? POTUS is NUTS! @realDonaldTrump. @AnnaBeckMD
but why are you chasing refugees
No chance Clown!!!!
You to jail? You can all hold hands while you skip into you orange jumpsuit fittings! McConnell, Ryan, Pence, the family, and you, I like it
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
What about you?
Excellent work keep it up
Jules what would you do if an illegal criminal killed one of your relatives?? Take a second and think about that
Thank you Mr President
not...dead on arrival
Please defund the @statedept with AntiTrumper Brian Hook @NSAGov spying on all Americans @CIA who have been against you and trained Riots!
Got to make sure they exclude DC. Coz reasons
Good job Pres. Trump
Yes!!!winning for Americans is AWSOME!!
So no sanctuary for YOU and your Russian Mob??? #25thAmendmentNOW
Hopefully not!
Do not send any of my tax money to sanctuary cities... thanks
Get that wall- Solar Panels up Sir TRUMP, It will help quite a bit. Might not be the Absolute Solution but it will save lives!!
Yes, so we can get you the hell out of office.
Your acting stinks!!
Make them!! Lazy ...! Guys
Tell me, what exactly do you do all  day?   Watch Fox News and tweet stupid statements?   You will never compare to wonderful Obama!
That should have been a NO BRAINER
Keep up the good work!
@AlisynCamerota And another
We cannot count on their intelligence.
excellent!
Keep up the great work.
IT SHOULD NOT BE THEY HAVE A CHOICE..IRS WE THE PEOPLE WHO WANT THAT.WE DON'T CARE WHAT THE SENATE THINKS.
Yes you right
about time
what took solong
Too many laws made against Americans requiring them to submit too lost freedoms. Is that what these laws are about?
AGAIN, The Senate needs to pass this by whatever means necessary! Sick to death of our Republican leaders in the Senate! GET OFF YOUR BUTTS!
This is great!  NO Sanctuary for Criminals Act.  Democrats in Senate need
to get to work or no pay until work is done. No recesses.
This is a NO brainer
Don't leave him alone with Putin at G7 summit, he must be chaperoned!
Hopefully not.
Yes!!  Finally!!
It is likely tha trumpansy will try to use federal troops against cities/states who refuse to enforce;troops remember NO to illegal orders!
NO SANCTUARY FOR TRUMP. DEPORT HIS CRIMINAL A$$$ TO RUSSIA
You know the Senate will not follow. Unless you get the majority leader to get rid of fillibuster, it's not going anywhere.
@gop @cnn @IvankaTrump  If your daughter wasnt such a fraud she would defend these women and allow them to compete  - you are all frauds
Trump is only strong with the weaks
Law's, but what good are they going to do, if they want force it. 11 million illegals kinda odd that, protecting us allowed that many here.
and we on tje ground whonenforce the Immigration laws of this nation thank you for more support than we have had on the last twenty years.
Aren't they on terminal leave? What have they done since the election? All these executive orders, how about passing some real legislation!!
Ah, good observation!
I think there's something wrong there. not every case is clear cut. im from texas where 1000's of innocent people get labled as criminals.
not every case is clear cut. do not remove the human element of judgement with legislation. legislation can not discern people.
how's that deficit?? see a lot of attacks on immigrants, and no work on the deficit. fix that shit. we're all immigrants. FIX THE DEBT!!!!
Thank you @POTUS Together we will #MAGA
Yes!!!!
No thanks to Justin Amash who has betrayed his constituents in favor of illegal criminals. He is a traitor RINO. Such an embarrassment
#legalit
Great news!
Why do we need a special law for criminals who might be illegal?  Shouldn't we try to stop ALL the criminals?
PLEASE GET OF MY HOUSE!!!!
Great let's get rid of all the illegals. Probably take the idiots that are posting against the President and the United Stares with them
So excited! YOU are a criminal! #WhoWillFlipFirst

hope it works. we need to weed out the terrorists
Repubs in both houses can't find their asshole with two hands, basically because it's behind the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office.
Or I can be jobless and have healthcare ...DAMN let's get a plain 
America.  Wake up..
Or I can not get it while I work and have to pay some crap at the end of the year because I didn't have healthcare so who wins ?.
I work full-time for crap pay and still can't afford this sorry oboma crap care I can give half pay check away to get it
Not 1 Amoral Democrat will sign on because their new Base are Illegals criminal illegals & refugees that hate the West? How would any agree
It's about time. Seems like a no brainier to me.
God, I hope not.
#senate #senators Pass "No Sanctuary for Criminals Act."
So no sanctuary for you then right?
TRUMPS a fucking crook.
HOW TO BE A DICTATOR

Always remember FEAR IS YOUR FRIEND.   Everyone looks for a boogeyman, Paint a picture  of one and stand against them.
I love waking up and see what you are working on.  What a refreshing change.  Obama was a joke.  You are not.  Keep up the good work.
Don't count on it!  LOL
Do you ever speak with criminals? And listen? There are systemic, cultural, and societal contributions that could be considered.
Well, the White House seems to be providing sanctuary for criminals.
Wrong use of the word "hopefully." Look it up, or perhaps @MerriamWebster will oblige by trying, once again, to educate you. #Resist
I think Megan's Law was a more important victory
this is the type of tweets we want to see! Not tweets of you bickering about fake news and acting infantile!
Trump could give illegals 10,000 ea, deport, so they could go through the immigration progress legally and you'd still hate Trump. U hate
If the Senate would follow, they would be same stupid like Trump! They will not be 
Certainly good news for the passing of the "no sanctuary for criminals", maybe now Americans can come to their senses and lock you far away
In what scenario did you think I'm your audience in a Trump attack?Go share your nonsense w your fellow conditioned blacks
I never asked you to follow me young lady. And if you're one of those blacks that still in denial then that's certainly your prerogative
But?! Where will you live when you get out of prison!? I wouldn't try Mexico or Canada or... anywhere but the Baltic really
Ignorance is Intolerable
then why do you blindly follow it?
So when are they gonna arrest you? No sanctuary for criminals.
Then you should be arrested, tried and convicted and hanged publicly for treason, you Russian Agent Orange
@realDonaldTrump I have a voter reg card from one of my kids who us not a US Cit, but got registered. #VoterFraud
Something must be done, WAYYY TOO MANY Kate's out there is happening and will keep happening if nothing is done!!!  JUSTICE MUST PREVAIL!
Go Trump - you have to wonder what Jules does or doesnt do for a living - l am guessing lazy dependent man
the people that voted for you are racists and prejudice against anyone that isn't a white person.
They won't. They need somewhere to hide in 2018.
Isn't your wife an illegal?
Hopefully they will follow. There's no excuse for harboring criminals!  We have enough of our own. Quit collecting them like Faberge Eggs
 I drink to that

I agree!
Please!!!
#BuildtheWall
It'll suck when the FBI convicts you for obstruction to justice.
The Senate is full of Elite Establishment Globalists Marxists NWO swamp rats, don't hold your breath! Those who oppose POTUS vote out!
#Fake45
Trump train moves along. Congratulations
@afshineemrani How about No Sanctuary for Russian Agents... like yourself.
So Donny, does that include career white collar criminals?
:-)
In public office?

@cspanwj #UniteBlue @POTUS #p2 #tcot #humor
@HouseGOP have already proven they are hateful, racist alt-right assholes led  by Grand Marshalls @SpeakerRyan @VP so no one is imoressed

Hopefully it won't take them forever they move way too slow on anything needing passed !!!
This should mean clearing out you and most of your staff from WH. Good news. #specialprosecutor #nosanctuaryforbuffoons
Thank you Mr. President. Let's pass a bill to have  "The Swamp" undergo a "psych" evaluation!
CRIMINALS ALWAYS LIKE TO PLAY THE VICTIM.
We are watching to see that every GOP passes this bill.
You just banned yourself from USA. Good. #Indivisible
