憨逼
Hahhaaa
Sounds like something one would do for a reality show for ratings
Precisely.
If you got off your arse and did something about the police brutality that’s been going on people would t be choosing to take a stand
Admittedly there are bad cops (a few) would you really want UR wife kids, etc. on the streets with NO COPS out there. Be honest.
I never said anything about having no cops at all. There’s a difference from doing nothing to doing something and that something isn’t getting rid of all cops, it’s addressing the issue and acting accordingly to stop it from happening but nothing has been done.
He only walked out because he was left alone with a woman. Just come out of the closet, bro.
Fake news from a fake president and his fake cronies. It was a staged photo op and a diversionary tactic. The American people are on to you.
So it was a pre-planned PR stunt. Thanks for the tip off.
Do you ever tell the truth about anything? Ever? Asking for a country.
A real leader would have talked to the protesters & worked toward a solution instead of a publicity stunt to cause more divide.
But press were told to wait in cars bc he knew he was leaving early? What a waste of taxpayer money. OUR money.
58 people died in Vegas. Focus.
This was totally staged and a colossal waste of tax payers money.
No mention of the sacrifice made by soldiers in defense of our nation. Crickets
Yep and No talk of the half million innocent Iraqis that have been killed either. Who makes money off war? And who pays the price?
From who exactly the taxpayers, i don't think so
Talk about FAKE NEWS, using tax payers money to perpetrate a sham. IMPEACH the both of you, but Congress are butt kissing cowards.
U talk during anthem & don't put UR hand on UR heart! Disrespectful! Do U stand when home watching a game & the anthem plays? NO! HYPOCRITE!
But yet again all you can do is criticise those who have chosen not to stand instead of doing your job. Nothing disrespectful about it
Thanks for wasting our money on a faux display of VP demonstrating fealty to you.
#FakeNews Do you know the difference between the truth and lies?
No he isn't! People are more concerned about #pence's wanton waste of taxpayer dollars & a childish, transparent staged #trump stunt. #SAD
ty for confirming Sunday's trip was planned
AND WASTING MY MONEY
And the planned PR stunts just keep on coming!!!
PUBLICITY STUNT!
From an Australian you Trump are an idiot. It’s laughable you control both houses and you can’t get anything done.
It was planned meaning you cost taxpayers millions of dollars for a publicity stunt. The same thing you accuse players of doing #irony
I think everyone is forgetting it's a free country.  If the VP wanted to leave, he should be able to do so.  Period!
@realDonaldTrump  please try to understand the reason for the protest.  Not to disrespect our country, flag, or veterans at all. #wakeup
Are you admitting it was a PR stunt?
how do you tout #fakenews and still spout this bullshit?
Just going to leave this here. you have no right to criticise people for choosing not to stand. You should do your research and stop moaning
Pence is NOT getting praise from me. The two of you planned this fiasco and wasted MY tax dollars.
Publicity stunt at taxpayer expense.
Maybe when @VP comes off of his paid protestor duty, he can freestyle battle @Eminem. Another great use of tax-payer money.
Literally no one in the world believes that.
I have seen no praise only rightful criticism
Donald J. Trump please you can get world to best
It was a publicity stunt.  Shame on your for wasting taxpayer money.
@nfl please address the issues.  Love football, love  @Colts players working to solve problem off the field
What a legacy !!!!!!
How many Americans have to die before you start doing your job, you  hopeless narcissistic asssclown?
Puerto Rico is in medical crisis. People are dying—more than is known. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/10/us/puerto-rico-power-hospitals.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=second-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news … 
Exactly. Planned and orchestrated. What's hysterical is, what if no one had kneeled?
Way to waste money and congest a city with your prelanned hissy fit. (eyeroll...)
And how much did it cost to taxpayers again?!!
yep, staged as we suspected and you confirmed
You have read that constitution you vowed to uphold right?  We don't punish our citizens for exercising their right to free speech.
Man, do you have any shame left?? Why are you making a mockery of this great office, why??
Phony baloney. Pence disrepected anthem by walking out on it.
Yeah he understands taking a knee cause he is on his knees sucking you down
Not from Me Mr President! I will gladly support #NFL today tomorrow and in the Future!
American citizens paid 250,000 dollars for that stunt.
#MAGA I want my tax dollars back.I didn't vote for you to waste my money. Stupid stunt,Pence could have driven to an LA game. #weakpresident
I cheered when I heard it!  Bravo Mr Vice President..and thank you Mr President for finally calling out the disrespect of our flag!
It is not a "disrespect" to our flag, racism is. It is pretty simple
All done for disgraceful publicity.
美元汇率爆贬，我们做外贸出口的赔了好多钱，如果你们操纵汇率，就艹你大爷！！！
Drama queen!  That was a media stunt that cost tax payers over $200,000 dolllars. Disgusting!
To Trump haters  g
To Trump haters  h

I love and respect my president and vice
president of the US of A.
Good
Set up by the fake president!
Hellow i not ser mexican soy paraguayo of subameric donald love me
My name is martin alejandro
Has nothing to with respect for the country, it has to do with the loss of innocent lives. You spent $100,000 as a PR stunt. How SAD!
You're an idiot.
“Great praise” by whom? You just wasted American money to stage a walk out, and for what? It’s an act that a dramatic pre-teen would do.
Forcing people to give praise to anything is not freedom
You disrespected our country and took a knee to Obama's entire Administration hypocrite
Stop this man he is american
I'm glad he walked off
I would like a refund for the cost of his political stunt!
Who IS this??

great then I'm sure you won't mind paying for the flight and secret service cost
Such Bull
Want to respect flag country &military? Enlist. But u won't because they are selfish cowards. Standing proves you have knees; nothing more.
Jerk!! Pence political games cost taxpayers hundreds of thousands!
Idiots the law was passed in 1943 that it is not mandated to stand for the National Anthem. You are dividing the country.  Stop
What a joke!! Like his leaving the game really hurt anyone! Not one American or NFL player was hurt or even noticed he left or cared!!
This publicity stunt was juvinile, and wasted our money.
DISRESPECT HELL, YOU GOT IT TWISTED.... ....
Do you realize that the NFLs ratings are down 47% amongst republicans and only 3% among democrats? Do most democrats like disrespecting USA?
Omg you are so blind! Why is it that every straight white republican is a white supremacist? You Liberals are so far gone and off base!
@POTUS -kneeling is respectful while at the same time peacefully challenging us to live up to this nation's ideals. #itsnotsboutflagoranthem
That's a bunch of childish bs

Your VP is a crazy Christian who is anti gay . Sad!!
He is horrible no praise for the beast and dragon are in the WH
Stop your nonsense.
We, Hoosiers, praise him everytime he leaves Indiana. Now, how much did your little stunt cost those of us who actually pay taxes?
You're a chuff
Costing the taxpayer hundreds of thousands.
What a waste of my money. No respect from admin for the american people and their hard earned money
Pence is a reminder that no one can have sustained transactions with Trump without becoming too soiled for subsequent scrubbing.-George Will
He looked like a money wasting jerk!
Only from the dumbest of Americans!
#wrong
it took a long time for you to idiots to come up with this?? .... boy i bet the team was just devastated when that moron left the game
Mr President
We support VP Pence and his position regarding the flag.
Dan Janicak
You're a racist, bigot, sexual predator. You're in effectiveness in the government is embarrassing.I'm embarrassed that you're the president
Thank God for a Vice President who has character and who is not a character.
Mr President, and Mr Vice-president you are exactly right on
And we are behind you!
It is not anything 2 do with the anthem or flag. Do u know it was a former Green Beret that told him 2 take a knee?
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
PROUD OF HIM!!!!
Your Administration is plagued  with destruction and all you can do is try to create your own form of fake media.
How dare you continue to disrespect the office of the Presidency .
Said it once and I'll say it again FUCK NFL pussy's!!!!! USA
. GOD & GUNS
He wasted alot of money for a publicity stunt.. smart guy
Lets sée. Jet drive. Bodyguards. Private escort. Humm 10000 price tag. Than he walked out.
As least VP could affort an ticket. Wonder who paid for it. We the people?
There is only one. We praise. And that is god.
He showed GREAT disrespect for our flag by walking out.
Staged fake news Don!!!
No he’s not.  He looks like something you would grab.
mr. do not trust your foreign policy but trust Pakistan, Pakistan will ruin your country
A powerful leader donald turmp
जय श्री राम ...डोनाल्ड ट्रंप
#persian_golf
BROOOOOOOOOOOOOO IMPEACH @VP pence TOO
Oh FFS. Cheap and insulting PR stunt. Fake president!
#YOURBOTHSMUCKS #CALI
Let me guess: From lapdog Sean? Oh, that was too easy.
The Left is going nuts!  They never expected such patriotism from a US President.   After such a traitorous wimp like Obama, REFRESHING!!!
How are YOU any different than Harvey Weinstein?  Or Bill Cosby?  Or Roger Ailes?  Or Bill O’Reilly?  Or any of the many other pigs?
How much respect does someone with a draft deferment thinks he has?
HAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAAAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHHAHAHHAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Have you ever ask your self,  why they  do this for,  think back 40 years ago. You once said is it  possible for love to be redeemed.

Watch the tax reforms. Bill Clinton did and went from surplus to 5.7 trillion debt. Keep taxes the way they are and Pay Down US debt!!
@NFL @nflcommish @VP #RogerGoodell /
#NFL  Won't Make Players Stand During Anthem 
Hertha Berlin Players #takeaknee / Can't stop them you Orange Bum! #25thAmendment #nfl #anthem


Great praise from who? Who is giving him great praise? 
No they did not @realDonaldTrump. They are true #patriots who take a stand against government oppression without using violence or guns
#CafeteriaPatriot #notmypresident
Well lets hear from those who is doing all these praises.
You are living in dreams. Don't your listen to the folks on the streets? They laugh about you and Pence
Listen all of y'all it's a Sabotage
On Health Safety & 1st Amd
#ACAsabotage #PR #IranDeal #PenceStunt #NBCLicence

How much did this publicity stunt cost the tax players? You. Are. Embarrassing.
Disrespectful spoiled pre-Madonna’s
Trump the con man fake trip, fooling the people, billing the citizens.
Hey trump get me and Uber
Thanks for your money wasting BS publicity stunt.
Get me and Uber trump
@VP WHY ARE YOU WASTING TAXPAYER DOLLARS ON THIS? PLEASE EXPLAIN. WE THE PEOPLE ARE YOUR BOSS, AND DESERVE AN ANSWER! #DEMOCRACY
that's a lie, you  created a fake story. You need help
@realDonaldTrump couldn't shut up while anthem playing.  Very disrespectful. Should be fired
I might have believed it if you hadn't said it.
AWESOME leading by example. Awesome

NFL still made money of it. Didn't change anything.
As of this evening,players are digging their feet deeper into the sand.Ashame politics has entered our sports fields.No respect for fans.
Idiot

Im so tired of Trump parroting Steven Miller at the podium and off-the-cuff bile from the mind of a moron.
Damn, if only your pants could catch on fire.
A political stunt that cost taxpayers a lot of money.. we see through you
