I agree with you! If Congress thinks OCare is the way to go for American people, well let them try it! Then watch it change in blink of eye!
I'm FORCED to pay for it, but NEVER use it because I DON'T WANT GOV involved in my medical care 
#RepealObamacare OR #Obamacare4Congress
you don't want gov't involved in personal medical care? then why support the republican agenda at all? 
That reasoning makes no sense melis... Repubs are notorious for smaller government. Dems- opposite.
hobby lobby™ much?
No. Check your facts. Dems want more entitlements/big government. Common knowledge.
you like socialism, admit it. getting mail, driving on roads, getting your trash picked up
Umm, all of those things existed before the federal income tax was even a thing. Private companies did it.
Dude Trump"care" makes being a woman a prexexisting condition=no coverage. This (and many other "improvements) within your "healthcare"...
Would leave thouSANDS without coverage. Sure, obamacare is lacking, but trumpcare is negligent
They're not denied care. They are charged and carry debts that they cannot pay for live saving procedures
sure,while i think it's absolutely stupid, no one should be forced to have healthcare. But EVERYONE deserves the same opportunity to have it
I believe the same but doctors also desserve pay for their work and sometimes necessary surgeries aren't done because people dont have...
But this government plan forces the working class to pick up the tab.  You must be very rich or getting a subsidy or you would understand.
Healthy people can't afford to pay for everyone else.  I can't afford to even use mine now much less pay for the crap.
#ObamaCareHurts
Imagine what your auto insurance rates would be if everyone had the same rate?  How about a credit for the fact that I am healthy???
775 diplomats getting booted out of Russia and you're still whining about your pathetic health care flop.  SAD! #EPICPRESIDENTIALFAIL
Make them pay and get the same coverage as the people it's only fair
If you truly cared about people, you'd fix and fund the ACA. Only an idiot repeals a law as important as it with no replacement.
ABC27,COM
Now that's a solution we see as you make the congress pay what public pays.
The #ACA is HELPING Americans get healthcare. It's YOU who are threatening to hurt the American people and businesses, #PhonyDonald. Shame!
are actually having to cover people and pay,  the CEO'S aren't get the bonuses they use to so they take it out on us on costs. If the....
You are the biggest embarrassment to ever face our nation!
God you're so freaking clueless.  Obamacare is favored by the majority of Americans.
You are disgusting...
Obamacare approval. 54%

Trumpcare approval 17%
Fake news. Hanging on to fake polls is pathetic. Obamacare going bye bye. Say bye!
Greatest suggestion ever suggested ! Hell yes ! Make Congress live with Obamacare too ! #maga
Republicans are lining up behind bipartisan solutions to FIX Obamacare, without you. Your time is done.
Congress and all staff are to be exempt from BCRA SkinnyRepeal and AHCA did you know that? You only want the people to suffer
So you want to hurt people even more? What are you thinking?

Fair is fair! "It's Time." PDJ 2017
They should and so should you. However, it has to be affordable to all not just millionaires like yourself.
Twitter President !!!!!!!!
you need to work with Congress starting with committee hearing STOP the back room deals listen to Senator that vote no
The gap between the rich and poor will forever stay.
You really should understand these things, being President & all. I suggest you RESIGN.

3 Years, 5 Months, 20 Days, 4 Hours, 43 Minutes, and 14 Seconds
At most.
Good question @realDonaldTrump @POTUS clearly not a fair shake

"I alone can fix it!"  ...so do that?  Or you could also continue to hate it because of the name association and work to destroy it.

Love your style!! Keep fighting!!
You're hurting us when you play golf every damn weekend and WE have to PAY for it! Stop! Reimburse us!
Pissing march will not stop your impeachment and investigations into your criminal activity.
Article 2 Sec 3 of constitution says POTUS has to faithfully execute the laws. Turn off the TV, put down the phone and do your damn job.
Convince Congress to give up their Federal health insurance and sign up for the ACA
This guy
You are BEYOND evil. This isn't a reality tv show!
As I see you understand nothing of insurance nor of free enterprise. If healthcare hurts insurance comp it will drive them out of business..
Anyway any healthcare product needs paricipation of government and it is not meant to "hurt" anybody.  You are a simplistic ignorant fool
It is sad that you want Obamacare to implode. Who wants to watch Americans lose healthcare? That is sick.
Obamacare already imploded
What are trying to say in your ramblings?
Historically, the insurance companies have not been the ones who have been "hurt"… the people are#peopleandplanetoverprofitsfortheprivileged
...need to put the people first, not your selfish need to win. you don't have a shit about the people.
Why do you HATE AMERICA? You don't RESPECT this Country! Veterans use this program! Don't talk about the FLAG! FOOL!
Collusion with the Russians is going to get you! All Americans hate you for throwing a bomb into the Affordable Care Act! just to feed the rich with lower tax rates.Collusion leads to IMPEACHMENT!
$400+ for one person waz obamacare,which poor people could not afford..as punishment,their tax refunds were stolen as a penalty. These are FACTS!!! GET YOURS STEAIGHT.The only ones who approve of obamacare ARENT ON IT!!!!
@realDonaldTrump 
The Affordable Care Act was working just fine for everyone until YOU destroyed it by throwing a bomb into the insurance marketplaces., Choosing to end critical payments to health insurers that help millions of lower-income Americans afford coverage. IMPEACHMENT
because we cannot afford co-pays, out of pocket fees, or hospital expenses, much less the tax fines that will be added if we DON'T purchase our UNAFFORDABLE Affordable Care Act 'Care from any MD of our choice', who, BTW, has the right to REFUSE ANY INSURANCE OR ANY PATIENT! (2/2)
I love this man! He is fair & puts Americans first! He WILL be the POTUS that will make history 4 the most caring President 4 the people!
A taste of there own medicine.
Their, not there. Proof that uneducated people are for Trump.
Trump supporters are working folks with large hands.  Hard to tweet with big hands.  However, easier to smash snowflakes
Make Congress adherent to THEIR Affordable Care Act. NO loopholes, NO subsidies, NO reimbursements. Millions have NO HEALTH CARE because: Carriers pulled out, spiked rates, no choice, MDs &/or facilities in reasonable service area don't accept insurance available. Catch22.
you are the worst president in the world
Actually, it isn’t hurting. Why put out FAKE facts?
If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not...
Obama Care is failing because of you! You are tearing it down and not giving it a chance! Everything you do hurts it and you do nothing to improve it! With you it's everything for the rich and nothing for the for the poor, That is why everyone hates you!
@CNN @CNBC @ABC @nytimes @Morning_Joe 'No society can legitimately call itself civilized if a sick person is denied medical aid because of
End Congressional exemption!!!!!
This is just an honest question. And I bet that Congress can not answer it or Correct it because none of them are Honest in any way what so ever.
Instead of trying to repeal Obamacare we should be trying to make sure that Congress gets Obamacare as their coverage.
Then we'll see how quickly they replace or repeal Obamacare
Can we get the literate guy back?  The one who writes in complete sentences?
Because they have Federal Health Care.
Bottom line Obama lied...about EVERYTHING....fraud and treason!!!
#dotard
but it isnt hurting people you are so resign already
It is causing a lot of problems and believe or not. It has nothing to do with Trump.
Wake up and smell the dead roses..we are now living under the 4th Reich led by #45 and his goons
Rid the mandate and all of it's BS that goes along with it for Individuals and business. That was a promise to Americans.
How Obama handled any financial situation is to let one thing pay for another. Result, if one fails then like dominoes. People suffering from the high payments that supports those who want health care to be paid by someone else forcefully and it's not people on welfare. Not fair!
How can our country be Great Again if it's too sick and polluted (people, land, water and air) to live in?  Wise-up & clean-up your act!
ACA needs tweaking. UR just so jealous of Obama,U'll murder citizens in UR quest for revenge. U'll NEVER be as successful as @BarackObama!
Congress should step in our shoes. We have insurance and pay high premiums and such a high deductible that we can not go to the doctor  
I'd rather have a 2500 deductible , than a 80k hospital bill.  All preventive is covered at 100%.
WHY DOESNT CONGRESS PAY WHAT WE PAY?!WHAT THEY RECEIVE IS DISGUSTING AND UNFAIR VETERANS SHOULD RECEIVE THAT!
Absolutely. Politicians, staffers should NOT get 72% subsidy towards their healthcare. I don't get a subsidy!
Grow up.
Show some leadership.
Please take away the incentive for congress and make them pay what the public pays. Do it tomorrow!
Take it Away! Obama Gave Congress 72% Subsidies because they complained? Millions are Complaining & We Get Nothing?
Primary med thru hubs work n medicare as supplement on me, not enough due to $7650 each out of pocket on hub's employee coverage for each 
That deal was to make every POLITICIAN... in seats very rich...all.. they do not want to lose $$$$
AHCA is not hurting people. It's helping those who need it. As for why the rich don't pay their fair share of anything, they own Washington.
Why have not removed their exemption already??!!
You are awesome, man!!!! #LoveMyPOTUS
ObamaCare is a horrible plague on the working class. Used it for the first time in 2 years and covered about 10% of an $8000 hospital bill!?
We all know Obama pelosa care is a disaster. Take care of are people first ... Jobs and better quality of life for the country
Just repeal this stupid law!  Ran Paul actually has the answer and Paul Ryan has turned to the darkside!
You really need to leave congress alone! They are your equals in our democratic structure of government. Read constitution! You aren't king!
Trump an the Republicans are hurting peopleby defunding Affordable Care. They care more about protecting russia.
 










 UCK OUTTA HERE
Hell has frozen over. I RT'd Donald Trump.
"Obamacare" isn't hurting people but helping people."Congress paying what the public pays?" YOU should think solutions to make ACA BETTER.
Take their health care perk! They have no intention of making your agenda happen. You are doing a great job sir!
Voters look forward2campaigning against @GOP Traitors &4 their primary challengersN'18.@GOP Ldrs have their own agenda & IT IS NOT 2 #MAGA
Cut the cord
Are they entitled? Probably so, they make the rules. We get to vote assholes out.
President Trump please make. 
Congress use obamacare. I  just want to say God bless you and your family. Best wishes always, 
Emma Jean Wike
Put em on Obamacare. Executive order,  Mr President
@JeffFlake
Give congress their walking papers.  New blood needed!!!!
Interesting deflection...  Remember you are under FEDERAL INVESTIGATION FOR OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, TREASON, and probably SEDITION as well.
You're holding Americans hostage and threatening to kill some if you don't get your way. Let that sink in. @potus* @pryan @SenateMajLdr
You are so right Mr. President. They cannot set in their thrones and dictate what kind of insurance we get unless they  themselves have same
Congress did any illegal act by calling themselves a small business, lied & cheated us. Whatever new AHC is they gotta have it! No opt out!
Amen
Absolutely,  ANY BILL THEY SIGN FOR THE PEOPLE THAT LIVE AND WORK IN AMERICA, IF THEY LIVE AND WORK IN AMERICA, PAY THE SAME AS US.
Yes- let's fight to make this happen - Congress has the same insurance as the people, no raises (they aren't doing anything) NO RECESS
You lie.
Will you get over your silly  and childish revenge for everything Obama and start doing your job as the president of the United states!
Insurance companies hurt people.  Obama Care was a good start.  Next:  Medicare for all.  (Obama was so much better than you.)
@POTUS Right! Drop the hammer on Congress just like they did the average private sector working guy for the last 8 years!..
Congress passed it. They're keeping it. They should live with it! @POTUS
Best and worst tweet ever.  Would walk into booth and put marker down.
Pls make congress a part of ACA
With Dems. The petty fighting just to say, they did it. You see a train coming but do nothing to stop it, just say keep driving and when
Show some dignity for a change. Show some respect for the office. You are President of the United States of America. Not a used car salesman
You know what would hurt MUCH worse than Obamacare?  20 million+ Americans losing insurance coverage a la the failed Trumpcare.
WHY DON"T YOU PAY TAXES?  show us. PROVE that you're not a bullshitter. Oh right. That's not possible #CrookedDonald
Obamacare never hurt me.  You have.
@realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain What about his health care bills.What about the common man.#healthcarebill @WalterDavidScot
My premiums are out of control. I am NOT on Obamacare. Go after the greedy insurance and drug providers and you will be praised!!
As a mom with a son with MS, I must say Health Insurance is my #1 worry.  Copays & Medications. Trips to ER. NO $$ for extras.
Yes ! Members of congress should have the SAME benefits as the rest of us !
Yes, congress should be paying what the people have to pay, then maybe they would work to try getting a fair plan for all Americans!
Agreed same retirement program Congress must pay into social security get r done brother
ACA is working
Constant daily efforts to purposely derail it - make it fail
Trump can't stand ACA because Obama era made it happen
#ACA
About time to light a fire under those RINOs who tell us what health care we need to have while exempting themselves #DrainTheSewer
Take away Congress exemption ! they're not supposed to have anymore than the people have to begin with.
How is free health insurance hurting people? What hurts is I have to spend my entire paycheck out of pocket if I have to go to the doctor
Exactly! They work for us, why should they get preferential treatment and we get it stuck to us.
Sooooooooo agree.
If you" hurt" the insurance companies, it will trickle down to all of us!!
Do it!
And Profit facilities like hospitals will NOT fund GOP Politicans to be in their little positions.
They should and they should. BRAVO. The only people being helped by #Obamacare are insurance companies and medical providers #patients loose
You just literally tweeted what every American has been saying since the beginning of time. Make congress pay their own healthcare! -Brynn
If it's good enough for the honest, hard working, tax-paying Americans that sent the bums to Congress, it's good enough for them! ! ! ! ! !
Bc they will raise our premiums, asshat and we all lose our insurance.  You know, the thing that sucked about Trumpcare. #manbabyloser
Yesiree!  Give the swamp critters what they so richly deserve.
?
They are receiving kick backs concessions contributions that's why they will keep fighting they will never give up that free milk #MAGA
That's what we want to know!
AMEN they are no better than the rest of us and neither are federal workers.
Congress likes to make rules that they don't have to live by /
#OBAMACARE= "#MARKOFTHEBEAST" #666 #MICROCHIP #IMPLANT #MANDATE OR B #BEHEADED! #TRUTH WHY #OPPOSITION BY #SATANIC,#DEMONIC #PEOPLE
Get 'er done! #WhatsGoodForTheGoose
Why shouldn't congress be subjected to the same Health legislation as everyone else. Less than 50 employees for them a joke
I say that fair
You seriously need a brain transplant
1) They should all be on the same Insurance as we the people, and paying for their own. The taxpayer should not be paying a dime for them.
I'm a proud Adorable Deplorable... go President Donald J. Trump, God Bless you and VP Pence and your families
PLEASE DO THIS. RIGHT MOVE. THEY DO NOT SUPPORT YOU REGARDLESS..YOU NEED PEOPLE BACKING YOU TO PRESSURE GOP DO NOTHING'S AND RHINOS.
We are acutely aware that many in Congress are essentially owned by insurance, big pharma, & other health care related entities.
Nobody cared natural resources unavailable for meds to cure Children sold for sex impregnated baby aborted at 9 mo to cure cancer of rapist
Agreed. #barrycare has to go. Get rid of socialized medicine. Free market best
Kys
Stop subsidizing the thieves. They need to suffer like us so they have the real empathy instead of the fake stuff. Drain that damn swamp too
What happened to the whole cross state, open up to competition pledge? Let a true market and the winners and losers battle it out.
YOU are threatening to decimate exchanges even more. And it's NOT a bailout if it's part of the plan! Look up "risk corridors", and learn.
Working towards a common goal for the PEOPLE. Make them take what they give others. THANKS for being so smart and brave
#emptythreats "How republicans sabotaged the aca"
@LouDobbs #1  WSJ  Senate GOP’s health failure a political debacle:  1. to bail out the ObamaCare exchanges. GOP saving Dems & Insurers.....
There's a building boom in Greenville SC & ALL the WORKERS I see are FOREIGN! Cos hire temp workers @$10/hr and CUT OUT American workers 
DIDO!
Make it so.
AGREED!!  IF government had to pay what normal every day people do-it would be outlawed- And we elected you for what.. you could CARE LESS!!
Part of where the "rubber hits the road", Mr. President.  Equality is a long time gone when it comes to our Senate.
Take away Congress' exemption to Obamacare.
The ONLY reason there is any problem right now is because of your refusal to pay the insurance co's. They MUST be paid. What's wrong w you?
The public wants it to be improved but the Republicans don't want that and nor do you.
