Maybe you shouldn't have dodged the draft 5 times you coward
Funny how race always creeps into things. Ungrateful and disrespectful is the only way to characterize.  Just think if they lived in reality
Lead by example Mr. Trump, RESIGN, if you respect our country!  

#Resign #MAGA #TrumpRussia #RespectTheConstitution
Said the military dodger
I agree! There are other platforms to get their msg. across at.
Absolutely!!!
@realDonaldTrump Stop being Wilfully Obtuse #TakeAKnee has never been about Flag Anthem or Military Always about systematic Murder of POC
Hey Donald Trump why don't you just keep yo Damn mouth closed
you disrespect the office of the presidency everyday you are in no position to demand respect from anyone
You're dividing the country, prepping your base for a Civil War, but let me remind you, your #MOAR had 253 attendance. #MuellerIsComing
When are you going to Puerto Rico to survey the damage and assure our fellow Americans that they will get all the help they need?
The issue of kneeling has EVERYTHING to do about race. What's even going on in your head?! Just go away already.
Remember Trump's campaign was Russian. His money is Chinese. His wives are European. But he's going to make America great again? #TakeAKnee
Nothing to do with race? NO #DonnieDotard it has everything to do with racism. You Must respect their constitutional right to #TakeAKnee
You just don't get it! They are kneeling because they feel (and rightly so) that the police aren't respecting them! if you want to look at real statistics, look at how many young black men are incarcerated vs. white men! There is a huge disparity! You know why? Because of racism!
Stop bein criminals...get off the racist Giv plantaion Dads ..raise your children .All you strong women should make the Men in your life accountable to their offspring. Don't carry the burden alone You are strong &capable..but babies NeednFathers too
I agree with this.  The kneeling is far below respect.  The NFL most of all and the others who exploit their disrespect.
Amen
Trump will be President 2020 ,Yes
YES IT HAS TO DO WITH RACE. Nobody is disrespecting anything by kneeling.
Yeah I do How many LIVES and how much blood gonna be spilled over lies of RACISM because of ANGER of what started in 2008 when Mr Obama
Started this war of RACISM started DEVIDED this country of BLACK AND WHITE! Does it matter if we DIE over the ideaology of pigment of skin?
https://www.facebook.com/groups/520754444797060/permalink/733057400233429/ …
USA USA USA
I agree with the commander and chief
I respect my country but I do not blindly follow anyone.
I respect the Office of President  but until  the one sitting there does then I'll respect them. I don't respect draft dodgers and I don't vote Democrat and Fake Republican Trump nasty Sexual Predator is both. Our Troops should never be force to salute a Draft Dodging Coward.
You don’t tell us what to do A Hole ..
horse shit
AMEN!

Please stop lying. You know very well that #TakeTheKnee has always been a protest against violence, and shows no disrespect for the flag.
The disrespect that you should worry about is a @POTUS who is a pathological liar, a racist, a white supremacist, and a vile pussy-grabber.
It has everything to do with race. Ugh, you don't get to decide why they are doing it. They do, you orange douchecanoe.
Not until you said it. You are inciting division with your rhetoric, sir. This is not a reality TV show, its real life. #NotThe45Show
You call white supremacists “decent people” and call nfl players who are protesting against injustices against African Americans “sons of
Bitches” so please tell me how this isn’t about race? Majority of your campaign was based on racism, you can’t just say your statements
Aren’t racist when you’re a known racist

Yes it does. You don't respect other races so zip it. You are weak and the NFL proved ir

Citizens have the right to protest. Have someone read this to you and explain the big words.
How would a draft dodging money laundering pee deviate seditionist know what respect for America is. #IMPEACHPISSDADDYDONALD LOCK UP DOTARD
Must be nice to be a white millionaire... So out of touch it's disgusting. #sad
And you must respect their right to protest silently and peacefully.
Dear sir, kneeling (vs. sitting) was suggested by a Green Beret (Nate Boyer) as a sign of respect. They are protesting, not disrespecting.

Hey smart ones its an opinion not MILITARY!!!
Sitting? What do u call that?
They need to find another Country ..I bet Daddy gov payin their bills  ...the Flag represents Their tin cup .
This from the same person that dodged the draft not once, but FIVE times 
And Now Serves the Country ...Bigly.... & U?
Nothing to do with race. I'm a LEGAL immigrant. I feel USA patriotism. Respect the flag & anthem of this great nation! #StandForOurAnthem
And we're glad you're here fellow Patriot! 
Thank you! 
You're welcome young lady.

Trump decided his political livelihood depends on widening America’s racial divide
Support players call for unity not @POTUS racist agenda

#TakeAKnee has everything to do with race: police racial profiling, police brutality & police acting as judges, juries & executioners.
Would you advocate for a socialist government?
Yes. Absolutely.
Socialism requires the use of a bigger government with a bigger reach. You just listed off reasons why it's bad.
Yeah... like how the post office knows your address.
If not for Private companies like FedEx or UPS the USPS would still be using horse and carriage. The govt. can't do anything well
5 x draft dodger  fake republican why don't you.. Lead by example   Show respect at all times that includes  the lowing of  our Flag. four of my brothers served in Vietnam  one was wounded and one KIA  while you  were giving the finger to them and Old Glory
Trump ,you deserted our Flag and Biblical Constitution when you gave them both the finger during the Vietnam War  If you had an ounce of respect you wouldn't have run for President n Commander in Chief forcing our Troops to salute you a Draft Dodging .My brothers served in Nam.
You Sir are 100% correct
Of course you quoted this.

You're a clown Garron.
@realDonaldTrump
Which is showing less respect, not knowing the words to the Anthem or kneeling? Pretty sure the former.
You do not know how to read, you rocks with the National anthem, you do not know the National anthem,you are senile,DONE.
prove you know the words to the National Anthem.
BS, Donny.
IT'S ALL ABOUT RACE, YOU BIGOT!
BullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshit
and just in case you don't know the words to the Star Spangle Banner, the last line is "... the land of the FREE and the home of the brave."  Explain THAT to a black person!
Maybe if "liberty and justice for all" were for "all" then maybe "all" would stand and place their hand over their heart! You don't know the words to the Pledge of Allegiance OR the National Anthem, so who are YOU to talk!
You have so much respect for the anthem, that you can't even remember the words!
Well if it’s about respect, learn the words then.
Trump wouldn’t know respect if it clubbed him over the head.
How do you feel about the religions that are not allowed to stand, pledge or sing Natl Anthem? Are those religions ok to practice in USA? They don't disrespect USA, they simply have no alliegance to the country, only to God, who made NO borders. #1stAmendment #ReadOrColorIt
It is contrary to standing for Nat'l Anthem which is symbolic replay of the Valiant Men who died standing up the flag, never to be lowered in surrender during the British Naval bombardment Francis Scott Key witnessed. #TakeAKnee symbolizes AMERICAN SURRENDER to foreign control.
@AppSame @rushlimbaugh @NFLPA @nflcommish @pepsi @PepsiCo @budweiserusa @AnheuserBusch @BudLightEsports @PapaJohns @WSJ @nytimes @seanhannity @espn @FOXSports @WashTimes @TuckerCarlson @ItsMeJessAriane @KevinJacksonTBS @michellemalkin @TomiLahren @Lizzy_OMalley @USArmy @USMC
May I add that my birthplace #Buffalo and #BuffaloBills show respect and patriotism by not taking a knee. #MAGA
Exactly.  But all the #media makes it race that’s how they roll. #RaceBaiters
So says a billionaire draft dodger with overseas assets and undisclosed tax returns who betrays Conservatives and thinks church is a verb.
Your basis for half of these untrue accusations? Oh that’s right leftist propaganda.
Right leftist?  Which is it?  How about conservative economist?
Right as in correct. Learn to read troll.
What world are you living in? Oh yeah....Russia 's.
Thought this was about Trump, not HIllary.
My household in California is 100% with you!!!!!!
I respectfully disagree.  A black started this and nearly all kneelers is black
'Twit-Law' There is always an equal and absurd opposing tweet for every equally absurd argumentative tweet... All-Ways @POTUS 
You are just an Judas. Get peed on.  Mueller is coming for you.
Stop tweeting about kneeling and NK. You are going to start a war and kneeling isn't representative of patriotism. Just resign. Incompetent
My country has issues.  But it's my country.  And I will always stand for the fallen who gave me the right to do so....
Trump’s NFL - Where demagogic cult leaders demand the measure of your patriotism “goes through me!”
The Trump Cult- https://www.the-american-interest.com/2017/05/11/the-trump-cult/ …
shut it, puppet, your stupid is showing.
Where's the respect shown by the President of the United States of America when referring to protesters as,"s.o.b.'s?" We're in great hands.
Actually, he referred to the protesters as "very fine people"... oh wait, those were the Nazi protesters!!
Well played sir...
I would love to take credit Star, but he just makes it way too easy  You truly can't make this stuff up and would never want to...
You are so right.  The man is ill.  I wouldn't be surprised if he is conspiring with Hitler, I mean Putin, to attack America.
.@realDonaldTrump - please try to remember your own words.
He'll deny this...fake news.
Racial inequity is actually *exactly* why the kneeling protests began.
No it was to bring attention to a failing career, to keep a high paying job in sports
Code of conduct that they signed!
OK...whats the point? A silent protest IS respectful...
I get the act of kneeling as somewhat a form of protest against Trump, and I'm not pro-Trump (I'm actually neutral since I'm from a different country), but if disrespecting your nation's anthem would mean that you're chaining Trump and the US flag together.
Whatever Trump may be, your nation's flag is for its citizens. It'd be nice if you wold've done an alternative to the 'protest'.
So it's a coincidence you called black peaceful protestors SOB's but violent nazis "very fine people" 
He never said that, think you should stop eith your selective hearing& really listen to all that was said, not what you choose to hear
What exactly did he say, then?
He said both sides were proven to be in the wrong!So you cant very well condemn one without condemning the other, in order for equality.
THAT'S RIGHT MR. PRESIDENT.  OUR FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY AND VETERNS DESERVE RESPECT
Thou should have no other God before me.  Though should not worship graven images!  Ten Commandments
It has everything to do with race. Funny, all my black friends have no issue with it while most of my white buddies do.
Ty
Nazis respected their flag and anthem not people
NFL should run ads explaining and bringing attention to the racial issues behind the taking a knee in exchange for players standing.

Totally agree, Mr. President.
your issues relate to nuthouse. but that would be
rather the nicer outcome of a proper treatment 
Since when did kneeling become a sign of disrespect? When people kneel in prayer or when men kneel to propose, are they being disrespectful?
Kneeling is for praying,  not used as a sign for disrespect towards a nation or its ppl,  especially at a sporting event!!
You're making my point. Kneeling is NOT a sign of disrespect. Trump saying it is does not make it so. Demonizing people hurts & divides us 
Standing against amer. values& protesting against what the american flag&nat. anthem demonizes the american law abiding citizens&military
Were you describing Trump in your comments? I am a Viet Nam Veteran. Trump chose not to serve in the Military. I question HIS patriotism
Know that would be clinton&obama,who chose NOT to serv. Trump had no choice,as draft was still in effect&he w/educated in military academy
Not true. Trump refused to serve because he got several deferments due to some supposed foot issue that hasn't stopped him from golfing
Had a kid who was my son's friend,tried to volunteer, but had a slight hearing problem so was refused, etc

MUST?
I think it's time the Jewish Bankers and THEIR TRUMP AND KILLERY respect the Declaration of Independence from Jewish Banker Usury
Wrong.  Your intentionally conflating patriotism with the constitutional right to protest.  What are they protesting racial profiling.
The owners have the right to terminate them too.so they actually have rights too.
Absolutely....  Agreed!!!
I didn’t see you tweeting so much about your nazi friends. It shows were your loyalty is center.
Coming from the draft dodger. This speaks volumes
Raight!
If u see the death, the tears, the destroyed families, the sorrow in minority communities, our nation will have a hope in Trump presidency!
Have u spoken to any of them? BC if u had u would know it's in protest to police brutality and r in fact kneeling for their fallen brothers.
Sob...sob!
No they don’t
Don't let NFL use the flag or sing the anthem they kneel all they like
The NFL has rules about standing at attention during the national anthem. What there doing is disrespectful.
Um, no they don't.
freedom to protest is their decision to make, not anyone else's
That's exactly my point.
I agree.
They are a bunch of rich spoiled White & Black privileged, jerks Just call it what it is. Good luck in PR next week Praying
Must?  Must????   No, no one MUST.  We still have that freedom.
If they want to protest Anything it should be done at the proper place and time.  They are not!
Oh like you respected the countless times you forgot your hand to your heart and your sister wife had to remind you
IT IS NOT ABOUT THE FLAG OR THE ANTHEM!!!  IT IS SIMPLY A PEACEFUL PROTEST AND A PRIVILEGE OF OUR FIRST AMENDMENT!!
Start kicking them out.. they have made their bed. Repatriation is required.. get them out!
Too much blood has been spread for our flag. Respect it or find another country players
More blood  maybe spread SOON.  Players OF ALL LEVELS need to respect the flag and show unity - if not - LEAVE
U go after NFL which I agreethey shouldn't kneel for respect,but left 3.5 millions US citizens today without food & water.U cannot win a war
Question Donald. Does waving a confederate flag in a protest march show disrespect for the US flag and for the US Military?
But your buddy, Kid Rock, gets a pass?
@SwampCleaners only time disagreeing with you, it has EVERYTHING to do with race. Blacks hatred of white ppl.
Are you actually serious? They did it because it’s a prayer as said before by another person (sorry I kinda just saw this and got mad)
You turn everything to shit.
I'm so proud of you Mr Prez. What your doing for this country is so great.
Liar--it's everything to do with race.Why do you think you interjected it Alabama Klan rally for your racist base? They don't have a proteam

YEAH OK...KIM JONG UN
Typical racist comments coming from a typical northern racist. I know a racist by his comments and you are  a racist moron.
Why don't you let the folks who are doing the protesting define their protest? YOU don't get to decide what other people think. #ITMFA
The same antikneeling are the ones that endorce Islamic kneedown praying? #Cataluna #Soros #Maga  #occupyCuba#tcot #invasorCubano #fuckCuba
umm, learn how to spell
FALSE.
You’re so wrong about this and now you want to abandon our own in Puerto Rico? You need to get facts straight and start acting presidential
The issue of kneeling had EVERYTHING to do with race. Stop trying to change the protest.
It has everything to do with race! These are Blacks who resent White Americans for being White
Eat me.
that is EXACTLY RIGHT !!.  thank you fir STANDING STRONG !!
Your family & your closest associates conspired w Russia to steal the election. How does that show respect for our country? #fakepresident
ohh ee
Listen to yourself, whining about kneeling football players but totally OK with NEO-NAZIS IN AMERICA. Now THAT'S disrespect to the our flag!
Remember, the kneeling was in protest to racial injustice, which sadly is still a struggle today.
Please say something about the reasons for the protests.
Thank you for your courage and leadership for our country.  I believe you are God's
chosen man for this country.

Steph Curry says racial inequities are 'genesis of our stance' re: sports teams kneeling, his White House denial
Oh ok if you say so
Respect!?! Flying Nazi flag & being a part of Anti Semantics is RESPECT to VETERANS!! It’s DISRESPECT to our Nation & VETERANS!!
The issue with kneeling has nothing to do with the flag, anthem, or respect for our country. It is about police brutality. #DividerInCheif
...or not. We all have the right to our own opinions... Like how you think your haircut is flattering.
What’s sad is that millions of people actually believe this horse shit of a lie 
Thank you, President Trump.
I agree totally.
Fake news
Wrong
#You dodged draft, kids didn't serve in military out of respect?  Kneeling is about police brutality and social injustice

That's right!!  I am done with the NFL!!!
You might want to check what SCOTUS has written about the flag. Peaceful protest is respectful to our Country, Flag and National Anthem.
Weird how much Trump needs to control the NFL. What sports league or trade association is next?
You’re joking? Nothing to do with anthem, country, or soldiers. Literally, all about race. @JakeBasner #whyareyoulikethis?
White supremacy is so ingrained into society that some people can’t even recognize when they’re being racist. 
That being said, he knows it’s racist, but it gives plausibility deniability to his supporters. 
Basically this guy is a pile of shit.
A pile of shit with great influence over other piles. So very, tremendously dangerous. I just wanted to turn part of your tweet into a #tag.
#Trumpisapileofshit?
that song, please know the history and a lot of words was taken out.
