According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Are you now Luther Strange's PR agent?      INTERESTING....
Tweet less. People will respect you more.
It's the trill of the chase.
The campaign trail.
Supporters shouting your name.
Throngs chanting.
You hate the job but you love the chase.
What time is American Idol on?

He is doing nothing for the people of Alabama he is doing what you want
So, he's a #Nazi, just like the you and the guy he's replacing? #Sad #Loser #Resign
Senator Luther a Strange is doing a great job..
I'm so glad our President is a TV Guide.
Remember when Obama disavowed BLM after one of their supporters killed five cops? Wait, that didn't happen. #intelceo #colbert #jimmyfallon
Pres acting as TV GUIDE vs doing job of President-in parallel Pence getting good press & ready 2 take over
Sorry Mr. President but you are wrong on this one. Vote for Mo Brooks

Too bad he is a citizen. We could deport him for breaking the law (as A.G) It doesn't get more embarrassing than this, Donnie.
God know You Deserve it!!  Enjoy
You're nothing but a thug like you and the rest in your jerky run around with you all need to go to jail everyone up and including you

Another Nazi in training.
Vote for judge Roy Moore!!!
Stay the Course, We Stand With You! God Bless America! #MAGA #USA
NOPE. WE. DO. NOT.
You are one of the Many Are Gullible Americans supporting trump (MAGA)!
3 Years, 5 Months, 5 Days, 6 Hours, 29 Minutes, and 4 Seconds
7 years, etc. Get used to it. Go back to sleep. When you wake up, the  will be great again. #MAGA
So now you're a reporter.  Work on solving the problems in our country and get off Twitter.  Don't you have work to do?
If you're endorsing him, I hope he loses. I've never seen a President so interested in picking sides. 3 tweets in 24 hours. What a joke.
In other words another racist.
After inciting WhiteSupremacist MurderByCar in Charlottesville,unfit-@realDonaldTrump's treasonous-@POTUS' tweet incites CNN Reporter murder
Have you gave him his script
For the first time ever you didn't use one of "yuge" or "great" in a tweet. Congratulations! I knew you had it in you?
Time to take the trash out. #ImpeachTrumpNow



How about, let's see if he makes it through 2017.
Do you work for Fake and Friends or do they work for you?
You're not tough on crime. You're an apologist for white supremacy and a hype man for Fox "News"
So the fuck what?
Etc? Good too know
That what is a qualifier in 2017... "etc"
Good one!!!!!
Retweet if you believe that Trump should be evaluated for mental illness before being allowed to access the Nukes!
Im suggesting that if anyone can identify this commy traitor that they alert his employer & the authorities of his threats to our president.
Keep touting this guy. It's the kiss of death!!
He will win the election like this statue won last night.
Don't you get it?  No one likes you any more. Mr. 32%
A Resignation is the only solution fir America
Until Luther turns on u then you will discredit him and call him the worst and a loser. Such an unstable little man you are. Please resign.
To bad he lost, smh lol!
too bad he won’t win. I mean, bad for you. not for the rest of us. #sad
Well bad for the rest of us too unless somehow Dems can pull out a win versus Roy Moore
more likely than Luther Strange
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on ...
Mark Levin has been saying Mo Brooks was the right choice for Alabama..... 
hmmmmm
Don't forget how Levin carried on like a hog caught in a bear trap denouncing Trump all throughout the 2016 campaign. He is #Paid4Opposition
you might be right, but I will admit I'm guilty. I just got into listening to Mark daily about 4 weeks ago? backing a Canadian like Ted Cruz
#25thAmendmentNow
is he a bigot just like you?
His direct repudiation of all sides that promote and commit violence is completely correct. This firestorm is fake news at it highest!
#ImpeachTrump
We need to stop the hate. Stop trying to repeat history. The South lost so why does the left want to bring us back to this time. Love USA
He is a McConnell schill.
Senator Strange? Dammit, Stan, keep your characters in the comics!
God bless you Mr President, I pray you receive wisdom from God.
Fox cancelled the shoe "Trump and Friends" - no one showed up.
NO he is a @SenateMajLdr  patsy and major SWAMP CREATURE ...how are you going to drain the swamp when you support stocking it with RINOS??
Senator for a low performing state. Figures you like him. #45out
Fox "news" is destroying your brain cells.  #alternativefacts #AccordingToTrump #ConspiricyTheories
Nobody cares about foxandfriends. They are your minions! #LoserTrump #LoserPotus

Sir, is there something else you should be doing instead of plugging a TV appearance?
And apparently White Supremacy!
Good job
Why in God's sakes would Strange be better than MO Brooks? He's McConnells puppet boy, he's a Rump ranger for the Rhino Rangers of the GOP,
As long as McConnell mows down Conservatives the President will have an uphill climb on his agenda
Strange was chosen to be that hill,..
The mountain will only  get higher for the President if he allows McConnell to play him as a dupe, which will cost him a 2nd term. Step-
Away from the GOP IN 2020 and run as an Independent after exposing the corruption on both sides explain why you left both parties,corruption
Nobody likes you, go back to Russia,
Along with your friends #propagandaTV
@foxandfriends the real fake news..#ESAD
Your Pathetic!
Like everytime! If #POTUS have found one that supports him astonishingly, he must emphasize it!  #MAGA change to #MAIA 'Strange', right? 
Sorry! Let's say: Make America Ridiculous Again #MARA 
And the children they leave behind? Ohhh yeah. More for US the taxpayer's! The wall is a waste of OUR money and resources!

I think Trump is demonstrating Neo Nazi views... just saying.
Going on Fox & Friends is tough.
#impeachtrump
превет трамп кин денги пж

Mr. President I am with you sir. I'm a federal employee who is raising a family and concerned for their well being. God bless u Sir. Aaron H
One last thing Bishop. If you believe Russia was the cause for Clinton's. Just please please keep believing that. See you in 2018
Easy on Nazis? You know how important that is. #TrumpBurnInHell
No No No No No No No
When you say crime, borders etc., I think you meant to say black people, brown people, minorities. #Racist
is hea racist facist too?
@johndoerr recruiting note..
Every one in South Dakota is with you
I wasn't aware Alabama had any border issues.
You are so against immigrants reminder you wife was one one sided
Alabama = center of Dumbfuckistan
Someone build a wall around alabana...
Because Alabama borders...
Bad information, Luthur Strange is a McConnell lackey & Anti Trump. Had Trump not endorsed him Moore cld have won.
@foxandfriends, isn't that the Fake News program?
Just because Steven cobalt sister didn't win her election he has to blame someone. Why not you
Bigot and distractor of rights - you bring out the worst of Americans -- boo!!
Trump had to eat crow after brirther comment vendeta on obama
Smash the Communist Agenda Mr. President 
Trump's assertion left wing protesters just as violent as white supremacists in Charlottesville sets off firestorm http://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/08dX7Toh?s=a2 
Shut up

I don't understand what's so hard about this. White supremacists and Neo-Nazis are evil and shouldn't be defended.
What is wrong with you
I'M SURE HE IS "STRANGE" IF YOU THINK HE IS GREAT.
Borders? Alabama? Like other US states borders???  Smh...
Tough on borders?
What borders? All those bad Floridians? Or Mississippians? Or Tennessee folks? Or maybe those funny folk from Georgia? I snuck in from NJ!
Just go ahead and do the will of God Mr President.
Let's pray he wins, the Democrats have a sorry record on crime. Top 10 most violent cities in the USA are all managed by Democrat Mayors.
That should tell people a lot...well, at least those who do not have their head up obama's ass.
Dump Trump!! Dump Trump!!
Fake news

.@BarackObama's Charlottesville tweet is 2nd most liked ever
 http://fxn.ws/2fJ01Kf 


Suck 
Gosh Trump we can even tell your wife doesn't like you! Lol. Bet she sleeps with the gardener!
I'm sure your people will vote for whoever you tell them to vote for

#25amendmentnow
cz today no one likes you, even those who did are now puking
FOX is made up of sexual predators. Why would anyone be interviewed by that cesspool.
Until he quits. You're a lowlife.
I don't understand your support? We're supposed to drain the swamp not fill it. This guy is going to screw u down the road
Old news
No FOX for me!
White supremacist
Don't think he can make it again if you continue to back him! He is a GOP not a Nazi Party!
You do know they are now entertainment network and not new s?
Roy Moore has the same vision for America that Trump has. Luther Strange is a Big Money RINO. McConnell Lap Dog !!!
Must know why other very credible people on this thread don't trust your guy
????
JUVENILE - PRISON for PROFIT: Corporate PREDATORS profit off under-age teens & extend non-violent sentences.
Wait he is going to start building gigantic furnaces to barbecue his opponents 
The Presidential TV Guide. Announcing TV-shows used to be reserved for starlets on their way up. Now it's for POTUS on his way down.

How can he be on FOX? His lips are locked on your ass so tight they've turned brown
Isn't he one of Superman's nemesis?

Of course he is THEY R BOTH RACIST SCUM!!
PERFECT!  Not sure @realDonaldTrump understands.
#TrumpIsANazi
But he was associated to you psycho administration so he lost...biggly!
Is he a racist like you?
As a citizen of this country I am ashamed of you Mr. Trump! From the things that come out of your mouth. You emboldened white supremists.
I'm afraid Mitch suckered you into supporting this guy. Hope it doesn't come back to bite you down the road. Don't trust Mitch.
Does he love Nazis and the KKK too?
Existent  CONFUSION&CHAOS based in intentional misinterpretations mix with accusations present by the MEDIAhave reach  Destructive  levels
Doing commercials for Fox Propaganda channel now? Not shocking.
He is a @SenateMajLdr Drone! Forget Luther Strange!
Now you are doing promos for Fox?
Hey president should I visit the Alamo before it gets turned into a taco stand?
Fight terrorism if we are divided amongst ourselves. A divided house can not stand. I for one will stand with you President Trump. 100%
Fake news
Donald Trump can tweet what he wants and will not be punished! Then others may call things by the name, or ??
