Remember when trump promised Mexico would pay for the wall? Now he's threatening to shut down Gov't if Congress doesn't pay for it? Hmmm....
It's well past time to resign. 
Stop wasting America's time and money. 
Resign or be removed! 
#IMPOTUS
The definition of incest !!!
We're 100% behind you! #MAGA
One America One President Donald Trump
Maybe it'll inspire a trump to serve their country's military?
Just kidding. We know @EricTrump & @DonaldJTrumpJr (Diaper Don)  r cowards.
I pray for you and your family daily. 

MAGA!
CAN'T WAIT TO GET RID OF THE MM &PR TROLLS!!! THEY  H A V E  TO GO!!! WHO IS NOT BEHIND OUR BELOVED PRESIDENT BETTER LEAVE! Now! Dnt look bk
Trump your policy on transgender in the military is cowardly and discriminatory #regretmyvote
Also thank Rick Dearborn, Carter Page, Don Jr., Kislyak, Felix Sater, George Papadopoulos, Corey Lewandowski, Jared Kushner, and Manafort?
Word is Manafort saving HIMSELF, flipped, Sater already has once and again may be a confidential informant for the FBI.
You inspire the Americans Mr. President!  We love what your doing for us!!
 love that he can't be bought too!  That's why they are fighting him!  Their hands are used to dipping in the till.
Those dipping days are OVER!!!

请开始你的表演
The best thing you could do for this great nation is to step down (take the VP with you) and go back to making sub-par shows and not writing
Keep up your GREAT WORK @potus Sack #Ryan &#McconnellThen push thru

Stop blaming this man, for every social ill, let him lead. How far weve gone when the citicenry can slander its own #POTUS with impunity.
You are Wonderful Mr. President.  You Mr. President "INSPIRE WE THE PEOPLE" #MAGA Always
What a message of national unity! It goes to the heart of who we are and what we ought to be as human beings. Thank you Mr. President!

I’m not English but I love his voice!!
Who doesn't? Everybody loves to laugh to a funny voice.
I thought that English speaking is not so noticeable.)
Why didn't you go into acting?
He DID go into acting. Attempting to act like a leader. #IllegitimatePresident #MoneyLaundering 󾓬 real estate bought with dirty money.
Why don't you thank the Transgender   Soldiers who have given their lives and those currently serving.
Inspire you to do what!?!  Ban brave soldiers because of your twisted phobias and bigotry? You're a liar and a coward, we see who you are
Our great @realDonaldTrump honoring heroes who risked everything while he was happily dodging service. #MAGA
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017 
Solution immigration militarize border make customs n border patrol part armed force like almost every country in world cross does
Cross illegally shot questioned later want to be here do what my grandfather did serve this country (WW2) Learn history n language
My grandfather was a chinese immigrant who obtained his citizenship fighting with the merchant marines during WW2 refused to teach us
Please send us a photo if you have one of your grandfather in the USMMWWII. Did your family get his veteran status DD 214 & medals?
I have some of his medals not sure if got pic of him in uniform
Your comments are negative and breed hate instead of pumping us up with hope. And faith.
And U inspire NO ONE. #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident #25thAmendmentNow
Great to Appreciate....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 

Can the US (& the world) thank YOU for your "courageous" service? Oops, I forgot. You had bone spurs!! Such an embarrassment to humanity!!!
Are not going to get your Checks if your Trump closes down the Government. Hey, who cares if you cant pay rent while Trump resides in Luxury
What do your hand movements mean to you?
Except trans service members? You never even served!
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/900775107903315970 …
As soon as President Trumps time in office is over Trump supporters will be punished for daring to fix the system. The establishment 1 of2
#Resist
Wish we could say anything nice about you....can't. Ever. Unless maybe if you ReSIgn..... pass the pizza
Yes, thank you Donald E. Ballard for your service. You do inspire us! And we are so sorry that you have to share a name with this idiot.
Trump was helped by Putin to win the Election
Great job
Get some help, they can treat Mental Illness!
I thank God that I didn't have to serve under you...
So is everybody else.
Really......
RE-TWEET THIS TO PISS OFF THE FAKE NEWS & THE SWAMP MONSTERS !!!
Ignore all these fools, they have nothing good to say.  You are totally awesome!!!
Are you proud of yourself not being able to speak effectively on your own?
Just don’t wait for snake shit CNN to broadcast any Trump speeches. Many good ones I’ve heard. Trump is a decent dude
If you're going to retweet your own reply, you might as well it too 
Thank you WitchHunter……….I’ll think about it

…………….............……..…Thought about it…….................Naaaa!
Might as well. No one else did.
Thank you for being our president
Donald Trump with all these hurricanes coming it's the perfect time for you to start building your wall
Please. Check in to how Missouri. Treats its disabled people please I beg u Mr. President
Did you receive my treat sir.
We support you Mr.President. MAGA
Thank you, Mr President for YOUR COURAGEOUS SERVICE despite communism (CNN) and its propaganda (MSNBC,NBC, cbs, abc, nytimes, newsday, etc.)
you have the lowest approval rating of any president. you are DELUSIONAL!!
Draft Dodger in Chief
You have no clue baffoon
We stand behind you!

Trumps favorite hand gestures:


He never fails.
omg i hate you
Need to quit waving your arms, and making "hand" gestures when you speaking, is that because you don't have anything intelligent to say.
You know...you have very feminine hand gestures...
Love this man, brilliant! Thank you President Trump.
Thank you Mr. President. 
Thank you Donald E. Ballard for your service!  Thank you President Trump for everything you do to protect and Make America Great Again
Damn good speech. Keep it going and do your homework.
You asked for it!!! Ah hahaha!! Hilarious..! Who is strongest? Trump - Congress -  or The People?Game of Thrones.
Before. Spectacular! If this were "Game of Thrones" Trump would have smoked GOP Congress by now. Imagine. This is hilarious. Trumpests you
Personalities Trump in your behaviour..in your Speeches! Decision making! Fighting with other Elephants?!? No Conservative Prez has done
Oh oh! Trump your time is winding up man! Their bring the net and a straight jacket..like a Manic you switch mood and
OMG just say you have Dementia and we will understand.
you don't nor will you EVER speak for me you vile "human"
Thank You President Trump for NOT buckling to the fake media
Cant you figure out how to coordinate your hands with your words.  Same meaning a dogs wagging tail has to do with his barking.
Quit flailing your hands when you speak.  They have nothing to do with your words.
Speak only for yourself, please! I find him disgusting, unfit for the office.
That storm is in Washington d.c I small it on the news
Thank you President Trump for caring for the U.S.A. And protecting us.#MAGA  
What an amazing HERO It was awe insipring to watch yesterday . America at it's best . https://youtu.be/KPJVoQf5ovg  You truly makes us proud 
Authentic appreciation from @realDonaldTrump !
love this still. Is that the finger you used to check bannons prostate?



What an amazing thoughtful brave man he his .Served his country with honour and pride .Still looking after his fellow veterans . 
More hand signals, since you can't read. Tweet more, we barely know how scared of #MuellerTime #ImpeachTrumpPence now @GOP do your job
.@POTUS imagine .@DonLemon being so professional while calling .@Trump a white supremacist but remained neutral about black lives matter
.@POTUS does this sound like the .@Donlemon talking about white supremacist when  subject is black lives matter 
@Trump. @realDonaldTrump

Too bad you only inspire a small minority of people you've maliciously, imo,  conned
Gag!!
You are a coward who dodged the Vietnam draft 5 times. 
This is still hapoening... you can't stop it... #TRUMPRUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA
If only you could learn how to inspire this nation.
Thank you Mr.President! GOD BLESS YOU AND your family INDEED
Rings kind of hollow when it comes from a #draftdodger
Maybe he can inspire you to quit??
#DraftDodgingDonny 5 Deferments for a #FootBooBoo Where was your INSPIRATION when your country asked YOU to serve??? #BadOrSickGuy
On the behalf of the people of the United States, please resign. You are making a mockery of our democracy and creating chaos. #Impeach45
Why do I always feel like you're blessing me like the Pope.
Agree! Agreed! The train is not going to stop I  am on the TRUMP train and I know its gona Rock! I'm with you sir! You are a winner!
Please take training on how to use a teleprompter. It's painful to watch you from the side as you read. So sad you can't speak from heart.
What about the 10 Sailors that died. Nothing said. Horrible Commander-in-Chief.
@JJussely Their a lot of American Indians named Ballard my Realitives
You are the big dog
Eritrean American made huge inspiration on behalf of American throughout# sanctions against Eritrea must dropped#ur inputfor changeForeiPlcy
Fascinating to watch a self aggrandizing coward who ran from service talk about the bravery of those who fought in his place.
THE GHOST OF CAMPAIN PAST .... SOON TRAITOR TRUMP  SOON .... THEN  WOULD FINALLY BE WINNING AGAIN 
 #TheResistance
Something needs to be done.  The fed is the root of all evil. The people of this nation never asked for the fed.
We want you to act in our best interest . The fed is the root of all our problems, so plz get rid of it, or u could seize it.
Inspire all US ! #ResignTrump #impeachtrumpnow # impeachtrump #impeach45
Thank for being THAT POTUS the Vets will not forget!  #MAGA
Well.......
Don’t talk on behalf of the people you only care about ivanka bringing CHINESSE junk and you and your kids looting this country
@EdKrassen You've had enough attempts at 15mins of fame. Now I know your on someone's payroll who isn't trying to make America great. INEPT
WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE 
Let's be honest fella...nothing inspires you quite like hearing the sound of your own voice.  Lies, lies, lies.
PUT TRUMP AND PENCE BEHIND BARS!!
calls  journalists+everyone who disagrees with him the enemy of America +evil #treason is a HATE crime! @GOP #impeach ASAP
Resign.
@realDonaldTrump You have the nicest set of hands I've ever seen, true hard working hands! Put your hands up in the air, am i right? #MAGA
Praying for you daily. Stay humble stay strong stay true to yourself. It was a real blessing to have Alveda King Franklin Graham.
Sad, pathetic, sick guy! Your jealousy for Obama consumes your little brain Donny! Wow! You'll be be WORST ever. #TrumpResign
Obama and Hillary live FOR FREE in Donny's little brain 24/7. Sad!
I hate it when you do anything.  Especially having to do with the military.  Does that bone spur hurt when you golf.   Hypocrite and Fraud
what a wonderful speech by the greatest president all the way in us history.
So Sad. You are a sad little man. Embarrassing really.
Really little!!
 Soon!
#ImpeachTrump


More facts snowflake.
Awww. Did u get triggered sweetness?  Sucks to be in the tiny minority, and shrinking doesn't it? You
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE… htt...
Thank God for a president that is doing things with the interest of THIS country at heart, and thank you Donald Ballard for your service.

Thank you MR President,
Don Ballard, I will always offer you my support. 
col.ballardmoh@aol.com
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES."
Thanks for road 35481
A yuo love davel a wizhc dis dake kavak kvak al in yuo a hef yuo fol od kotrol OK YuGo Canxxx
God Bless you Donald Ballard
How it coming down to
And you say that any ur folt
So what the fuvk do you say for the whole world
So what the fuck do you say for the whole world
You call that an role model
