Coming soon to a theatre near you
What's with the pajama boy thing?
I saw a similar thing posted on another one of DT's tweets, probably by the same person. I guess they think it's clever.
Thank God you fired him
Comey is nobodies homie
Time to start locking them up!!

Literally none of that is true 
I voted for Obama 1x 
And I feel the same
I'm not going to stop to get me my help the mother of my children is doing drugs around them and mistreating them.
Comey is down right corrupt! He let Hillary skate free! And she the queen of corruption! And there cozy those to! BF
And you know exactly everything that was said in the private meetings huh? How's that? You got all of Washington DC bugged?
The results are not in. Glad the right is paying you people because otherwise you all would be on the street selling pencils.
Thought they were fake news.
Apparently you were watching something else over there at Faux News.
Pretty stupid comment. It was not meant to uncover or even discuss evidence if collusion. Faux News strikes again.
Apparently you don't remember Wallace saying that this was not a nothinburger...
Fox.  You're in big trouble.

How much more taxpayers money will be wasted on this Russian BS?   It needs to end.
At least Comey didn't lie about leaking the info and how he did it.
The collusion charges have been proven false along with the obstruction allegation.  Stop the nonsense
Lmfao how much does FOX get paid by Russia to tell the American public such nonsense
Lmfao I am a democrat on your side, but i am even more disgusted with watching CNN and their stupidity. Its all fake news!!
tRump troll I bet your best friend is black?
The hearing wasn't about that. The closed hearing probably was 
. #trumptrainwreck #FailedPresidency #PutinsPoodle #TraitorTrump
Time to fire mueller and get to work, this witch hunt is over, lock comey up #LockHerUp and #MAGA
Isaiah 41:10
#Fear not, for I am with you; Be not dismayed, for I am your #God. I will strengthen you, [1/2]
Yes, I will #help you, I will uphold you with My righteous right hand.’ [2/2]
The pussy grabbing one.
Your alternative, coal-driven reality is missing unicorns.
Maybe you had the sound turned down...
I guess they missed the part about obstruction.
Archaeologists will look back and draw a direct line back from the fall of American Democracy to this crap that you sell as news.
Hearing wasn't about that, so why would evidence be presented about a open investigation. Foolish statement
At the time he was fired, a month ago he wasn't. Doesn't mean he won't be, investigation is still going on.
Plenty of information out there, tactics of propaganda, social media, disinformation, voter targeting and so on.
This is a he said he said predicament. Beth them both in the same room and then ask questions
Did Melanie leave for NYC?
"Jury is still out"
Your morning lineup is similar to the 3 Stooges...but not quite as credible.
There WERE 3 stooges - Now there are 4 of them
Trump has golfed more in 20 weeks than Obama in 8 years. Try again.
Comey calls the President a liar for saying the FBI was basically all messed up when he the Freaking head of the FBI admits he leaks info???
The president himself also "leaked info" from the same meetings to the press before Comey did.
Check the dates it's been proven that The NYT article came out before Trumps tweet.
Waste of money
Fox news=trump propaganda tv the equivalent of TASS state run news in Russia
Hillary and Obama need to be investigated.
End investigation. Democrats delaying tactics to prevent Trump from draining the swamp!
Fake illegitimate President u need to stop listening to Fox News.They r giving u false expectations you know you are a big liar n is mental
Thou doth protest too much!!! You're delusional. Saying it does not make it so but keep tweeting it's a good thing!
Well if @foxnews said this it must be true ! 
Zero evidence of collusion if you're Helen Keller... or practice cognitive dissonance like most Republicans.

LOL LOL LOL
And when trump goes down so will the fake new like you ...
You're the real fake news. How do you get away with this?
Funny thing abt the truth is it usually comes out .. like the truth Trump was never being investigated even though that's all Dem talked abt
No one said Trump was being personally investigated yet. The Russian hacking and possible collusion of Trumps team is the investigation.
Oh you changed your stories then?  All ive been hearing for the last month is how Trump is being investigated Where is that narrative now?
Comey simply said he was not personally being investigated at the time but you guys seem to be missing that part
Comey also said Trump was out of line for calling a private meeting.. http://thefederalist.com/2017/06/08/comey-the-first-to-call-a-private-meeting-with-trump/ … explain this to me
This is your problem. Get off fake sites like this.
You are really off the deep end Big Mac
RT @foxandfriends: "Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians becau...
Comey is a show boater, two face , leaker, and a embarrassment to the fbi and the United State how many othe leaks has fbi done politically?
The president leaked info from the same meetings to the press before Comey did. So I guess he must be a leaker too.
He is the President he can release what he wishes. When will people understand. How about everyone stop the hate and unite
They can both release it because it's not classified information. Protected by the first amendment. Comey has the same right as the POTUS
Why are you against our President even if you did not vote for him united we stand
United Idiot's stand, would anyone know?  Please let me know.
So instead of spending time with your wife and son on their first night in the new digs, you're tweeting. Way to go, Dad of the Year
A tweet takes 5 minutes to write...
Not for this fuckwad it doesn't
Damn I didn't know you had a timer on when he tweets
Easy to see the timestamps mate. On average it takes the idiot around 10-15 mins between tweets
So that means it takes him 10-15 minutes to write? You must be trolling
This IS Fucknuts you're talking about mate - he's not the brightest light on the xmas tree. By a long shot
I need help getting a hold of the president I'm not going to stop to get me my help
Cristinerghesi@gmail.com bună live
Sweetheart thats nothing compared to what Mueller has in store for you. Screw testifying under oath, I say you take a polygraph!
STILL WORKING ON IT THE TRUTH WILL VOME OUT ALWAYS DOES
There is no Russia Comey is a liar a leaker and should be in jail .
We know Comey must be a liar because the proven serial liar in the White House said so
He's a liar bc he made up a part of a law to get clinton off.he a liar bc he allowed a lie about the president to go on for months hurting
We back our President %
No violation. leaked memo is private property that belongs to Comey. Comey had the right to defend himself against your lies.
What about education and homelessness not to mention middle illness here within our city of Washington DC
James Comey leaked to @guardian on Feb 24, 2017, the same story he claims in sworn statement didn't happened until March 30.
A lie.

That is because it is an ongoing investigation.
There was obstruction, it was not reported and Comey may have been threatened. Ever thought about that!
- @realDonaldTrump publicly asked Russia to hack Hilary...SMH! Something is going on there...#AmericaFirst
DUUUUGHHHH
Too bad FOX doesn't have ANY legal authority, Donald.
Go TRUMP GO TRUMP GO!!!
Soon your Fake friends will have to report on your IMPEACHMENT! Can't wait to watch them eat crow
Trump responds to FBI Calculated Phoney Comey testimony: "he's a leaker, no collusion, no obstruction, total & complete vindication"!!
#fakenews
Because it's classified.
Too bad we didn't hear what was said behind closed doors....

Appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate the murder of Seth Rich, the Wikileaks email leaker: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker … 
Absurd...  that one  can leak one's  private unclassified conversation considering the President's own mouth could use a proper toilet cover
FBI Confused yet Calculated Phoney Comey testifies I was: "not  strong enough, stunned, confused, lacked presence of mind" = FIRED!!
Support him? U can't possibly b thinking of ur children or grandchildren.
"Trump made appeals to [DNI Daniel Coats, DNS Adm. Michael S. Rogers] urging them to publicly deny evidence of collusion." -Washington Post
"senior intelligence officials view Trump's requests as an attempt to tarnish the credibility of [FBI's] investigation." -Washington Post
@realDonaldTrump You are Liar In Chief and Fix News is your Propaganda Fake New. How many lies can you fit in one speech?
Were you in the closed session?
45 is a dishonest man. I don't believe his lies about this matter. Guilty of treason!
It is good that you like orange as it appears you may be wearing an orange jump suit for years- especially if Mueller pulls a Star
Foxy and friends of Trumps
FOX news the Russian collaborator Channel!!
David, stop smoking what ever you are. Your High
What this means...Satan is still alive and the Dimms/opposition party have his playbook.
Video: CNN Host Whines About Americans’ ‘Inherent Distrust’ In Media http://www.infowars.com/video-cnn-host-whines-about-americans-inherent-distrust-in-media/ … via @realalexjones
Ummm, Comey couldn't comment on Mueller's ongoing investigation. But he sure made a case for obstruction. Fox News you suck.
faux newsless is at it again. if not for lies and bribed statements, FAUX NEWSLESS would be part of the USA cartoon express
Not a leak when data released is his! Does Fox get paid to distort reality. If Trump says sky purple do you state solar flare sky is purple!
Unfortunately for Trump, his campaign IS under investigation, and since he's the captain of that ship, he's responsible in any case!
17 US intelligence agencies confirm Russian hack. POTUS wants to undo sanctions, return 2 spy-ridden properties, & blabs classified info.
But sure. Everything's fine.
More fake news on Fox and friends
...said trump news! 
@HillaryClinton GETTING TRASHED BY HER OWN PARTY: About Time! Give All That Money Back You Stole, Hillary! http://truthfeed.com/video-van-jones-trashes-hillary-and-its-glorious/80542/ … … …
@SpecialKMB1969 @David_Bossie so why are you still talking about it?
URGENT FireMueller if he doesn't step down IMMEDIATELY due to CONFLICT OF INTEREST called friendship with James Comey@TheJusticeDept 
Drumpf Shifted Kids-Cancer Charity Money Into His Business

I know I shouldn't comment on people's looks but I can't help it with those two. They are two of the goofiest looking idiots I've ever seen.
New election! The colluder raped elections
#teamcomey
Do you guys in the USA have such a thing as "Impartiality"? Doesn't seem like it, on either side!
Just now #patheticlittleman lmoa. They provide evidence of doubt. Evidwnce it's quite possible. #patheticlittleman
Then why consider firing someone else investigating him ?
Flynn lies, Carter lies, sessions lies, jared hides, manafort shady, trump doth protest too much! guiliani hiding under rock : Russia
You do know that Fox is not a news organization, right?
Lets wait for the investigation to be completed before we make a conclusion, remember, it took 5 yrs & 7 investigations for the e-mails?
Seriously, you need to change the channel ...
I hope one day this network is completely taken off by @FCC they go too far lying, bigotry, trash it's not ! #RussianTV @GOP ignorance!
We know its dem
I guess fox and friends and trump count on their followers to have no critical thinking skills. Hearings about meetings with trump.
I truly hope Comey pays for what he's done
Hey Trump, forgive the masses if we say we will WAIT ON THE FORMAL CONCLUSION.  You know, that of the special counsel.  #FauxNews
Fucks and friends haha.  Who's going to be the next woman to sue them for sexual harassment?? #fuckfoxnews #impeach45
Of course it wouldn't! There was no collusion. However, the Zionist OWO and it's puppet thought they would succeed w/their lies.
Reason being is it still under investigation by other departments the truth will be known
Once again you tweet fake information coming from the fake media fox and fiends !
Fox is not real news
Punish Russia,  for meddling in our countries elections.
Drunk @FoxNews reporters caught on video talking bad about @realDonaldTrump !!! Can't wait til it breaks!!! #oops @realDonaldTrump
You're gonna need a great attorney. Don't rely on Fox to tell you facts. They lie as much as you.
This is #Fakenews at the highest level. @FoxNews has no credibility.
What's new? This is coming from FoxNews and Co.
Sad to see they do not leave you and your family alone.  You are the best President we have had in many years.  We are watching your back.
There is we all know it! Just wait
Guilty much?
Try fact check anything Fox says or even compare it to all the other news channels. opps it is like Trump said Republicans are STUPID
Nevertheless, you were elected due to Russian interference. Illegitimate!
Yes, because Fox News is 'so' impartial
@realDonaldTrump READ THE 25TH AMENDMENT. You could never survive years of investigations - PERJURY @sarahschild
#peopleandplanetoverprofitsfortheprivileged
I don't watch fox news look how many people that have been fired since Trump presidential election
Thanks to jr and Fox incompetence, it's no longer a He said, he said.  Thank you.
My goodness, thought you were busy popping in on random weddings. Methinks thou protesteth too much. And too much. And too much.
Why does the woman in the middle always have a short sexy skirt on yet men are dressed in business attire? Demeaning!
45, you know this is entertainment and not journalism correct? Essentially, this program is as news worthy as the view.
It was about obstruction Donnie and you are still a crook how about all those Russians who bought condos in Florida in your bldgs wash the $

The swamp seems to have a lot of ties to Russia. And you're right: Comey's testimony does lead to more questions--for you and your ilk.
Comey couldn't testify about a confidential investigation in an open hearing so of course no evidence was provided on camera. Morons.
All of you are twisted LIARS!! Ratings ... that's all you want is ratings. None of you help the American people or report real news. LIARS!!
"I cannot comment on that." Is not a positive response.  You must realize the investigation would be over by now if there was no evidence.
You're partisan sycophants who don't know how to listen, read, or analyze. 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
