Reagn Raised taxes twice after he lowered them.

Let's just stop the fear based military spending and spend money on helping Americans
You forgot: let 1% hoard most of the money
And if they inherited it?
We need more Made in American products! Tired of the Chinese tainted goods. Will not buy anything from China for my pets! We need #TaxReform
Americans need an opportunity to thrive. We are hardworking people! We need to fight for #TaxReform!
That is true but they need to fix this plan less for the Rich more tax cuts for us
Speak to the Dems. President Trump wants a 15% corporate tax rate. The Dems want TPP, cheap foreign labor and NAFTA. @annvandersteel
We're at about a 19% tax after all those deductions so it's BS
Dear Mr Trump..Take your money & Go
My father saw the steel industry sold to the highest bidder. PIttsburgh was built on coal and steel. Thank you for bringing back #TaxReform.
Watch the stock market sky rocket today. Consumer optimism is at an all-time high! #TaxReform is so needed to put Americans back to work.
Democrats and Republicans need to get onboard with #TaxReform! We want money brought back to America! Stop sending our jobs overseas!
Please stop lying.
Because we like Medicaid, clean water and infrastructure.
Single people will also benefit under the new #TaxReform.
Democrats on top but their layers are of socialist ideology, where power to the people is given with entitlements!
President Trump you have done what no other President has been able to achieve in decades #TaxReform.
Reagan was EXACTLY RIGHT!
"If FASCISM ever comes to America...
it will come in the name of LIBERALISM"
#MAGA
Wrong.
A cup in search of the elusive athletic supporter
Lemme guess: Libtard? Had 8 years to screw things up. Really had a winner there.
Ignore the billion dollar tax cut he gives himself, while stealing the country blind!
We need to keep good paying jobs in America!
I have an idea for Tax Reform:  RELEASE YOUR TAXES.
We want lower tax reform for business. Let's bring the rate from 35% to 15% or lower! Let's get this done #TaxReform.
Yea, we need every dollar we can get our hands on to pay for Obamacare...
Illegals can fly to America have a surgery and go home. Who pays? We do!
Jeff sessions must go not doing his job
Yyyy
NFL gets billions in subsidies from U.S. taxpayers stop that Mr. President
Where are your tax returns
Liar. The only tax cuts are to the WEALTHY. You should look after the middle class. You will be one by the time Mueller is done. Lol
It’s really amazing that you’re this stupid. #DraftDodger.  #LiarInChief
@realDonaldTrump you are the the least qualified person to lead the country.
Their Fired
Smh trump
Your tax plan, like is a fraud. It benefits only the top 2% of incomes. You're using our health care to give $$$'s to the rich. Resign now
The tax cuts you're proposing only help rich. You're just hoping we are too stupid to know that. We are not!
LEGALIZE MARIJUANA and say fuk the tax cuts
Fake President
The Elite has every thing they need, not like my self needs a break barely making it as a widow & one child,full time job!!
#greedygopassholes
Hello
Democrats don't want massive Extortion Tax cuts. Is anybody in jail from the IRS yet? Or anyone covering it up? Want they heck????
Sales tax is a tax. Tariffs are tax BUT IF U throw people in jail if they don't pay it its EXTORTION. make some pay more its discrimination.
Bullshit!! Reviews are terrible. Only good your 1%
And white privileged Democrats that promise something to your face but behind your back and laugh & call you worthless nothings.
The Democrats are perfect examples of hypocrisy & racism. They laugh at you behind your backs. Pure definition of white privilege.
You are no better than a thief!  You are robbing us of what we've paid for.  Resign...or let the impeachment begin!
Democrats don’t want massive tax cuts because we value education, health, and infrastructure for US more than giving money to the rich.
TAXES GO TO EVERYTHING TO HELP IT OUT. CUTTING TAXES SUCKS EVEN THOUGH ITS SEEMS GREAT

If you think you're just scraping by now, wait until Trump's tax plan  your overall income,  interest & companies continue to cut jobs.
Massive corporate & wealthy tax cuts ends in  taxes,  interest,  government benefits,  inflation &  fiscal crisis. Irresponsible!
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron

whenever ur hawking the next new thing it always has great 'reviews' by u like ur consumer reports or something everything u do is !!!!!!!
There have been literally NO GOOD REVIEWS for you tax proposals. Didn't you see your shadow? Shouldn't you go away for a while?
From your guys maybe
Resign
Sir, tell California to secede if they are an all sanctuary state. Cali is HANDING that state to Mexicans, and one day they will revolt!
Your plan is bul, even your own senators contradict what you say
Wait it's not their money, it's your money. The politicians say we can't afford to cut taxes. How about stopping the out of control spending
Everytime the feds give the people a tax cut the democrats raise taxes in thier areas to take it away yep true facts
Tell the democrats leader @SpeakerRyan that.
Tax cuts for the ultra rich?  It's pitiful.
Dems don't want massive tax cuts for the%1 who don't need tax cuts. They need to pay the share their assets show they do. Poor can't replace
massive tax cuts will destroy the economy.
@realDonaldTrump and you want to give tax cuts to the swamp you promised to drain, but took to Washington
All they want to do is obstruct
Democratic leaders are not doing our country any favors at all!!
Except from the people that will be fucked by it. Like me and 90% of the country. Only people getting the bigly cut is your class

From what I've seen tax cuts are not to help the working class but to give more money to the top richest 10%. That is NOT helping Americans!
Wrong
not to mention the tax break will help your family and yourself...you liar!
How about you open a text book and look at how "trickle down economics" DIDN'T HELP US during the great depression
Back to work like the leader we know you are. God bless America... MAGA
Do you even understand anything
Not when we owe so much to China! Dems always clean up Rep's debt!
You are,,as usual, a lying!!!nf!!!!
FIRE SESSIONS!
Actually it appears the obstructors on this are. @GOP again
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Democrats would have to pay their own way without tax money to pilfer.
#moron
#WorstPresidentEver
A liberal Dem is a guy that give his liberty and live to socialism! Thats why you find unconcevible for them to win!
Tax cuts will help each and everyone in the US
Tax cuts will help each and everyone in the US
Certainly not massive tax cuts for the wealthy; stop lying, although I know that's impossible for you.
The point is to improve the lives of all citizens, not just yours
Donald why don't you publish your Taxes and stop fooling around with the people.. you are a crooked guy.
Democrats do want tax cuts, hello
glad to know you care more about winning elections than the actual meaning of tax reform. Not that that's news...
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts to the rich you meant to say.
I do not like anything about you. You care nothing for the Senior Citizen. No raise in MC in years.. But price to live grows. Out on streets
You are right.., that's not our top priority ... how about gun control, equal rights , civil rights, and healthcare for all Americans...
More wealth for the wealthy, more debt added to the national debt, screw job for the poor and middle class? Wonder why?
Millionaire tax breaks 
Health care cuts
Sick of  Games
Why do families get rewarded more $$ for kid tax credit? Don't they get enough now? Watchin niece wk prt time more $$ than we have
"Only 16"died in Puerto Rico. Well I guess life is cheap in your family where each of your children spawns 3 to 5 trumpettes!
I'm certain this bill too will backfire just like the healthcare
@POTUS you will have to oppose your own legislation and tell them NOT TO PASS IT!  That should get it done in about a days time. :)
#MAGA
I thought the rich don't pay taxes cause of wire offs just let "The stupid working class pay taxes" not even patriotic enough to pay taxes
Because we know who'll end up paying for the tax cuts. I can afford to pay more on my taxes, if that means poorer people will pay less
Dems have their own agenda, and it isn't the American People!
2 of 2 However, the richest in America will receive hundreds of thousands from the tax reform. How is that fair? How is that going to help??
From what I've read the tax cuts are not going to help the middle class that much, if you make $90,000 you might receive $1,000 1 of 2
Please cut the oil subsidies written into the tax code. That would simplify things.
Those 'great reviews' come from the rich, not the rest of us. We can read.  And we listen to actual economic EXPERTS, not your paid SHILLS.
They are thinking of the mass majority of us that actually work for a living, and are not helped by this.  #nincompotus
A cross the board tax cut would get you a much bigger boost in Econ growth!!
Opinion | The report Trump officials don’t want you to see
Spreading #FAKENEWS again, Donny!

Your tax cuts only help the rich, and do very, very little for the middle class, you moronic ass.
This should not be about winni g elections but helping the middle class as you promised
You gave biggest tax  cut to big business which includes you. If this passes you and your family will stand to gain millions.
Democrats want tax cuts for hard working Americans BOTH of you are PATHOLOGICAL LIARS #RESIGN before #IMPEACHMENT
Business leaders could be still donate money to Clinton administration and why business Taxes is over 35% or higher.
Standard American Republican and standard American Democrat normally wanted Business Taxes reduce down.
Recommended get the Democratic left away from business leadership and put them as regular employee.
Democrats on the left could be Businesses leaders behind wanting Americans to have nothing but only for illegal immigration.
Great reviews from whom?  No details - just blustering generalities that many republical senators don't believe.  You'll fail again.
I meant Robbing in the Hood. Robbing from the poor to give to the rich who are white because you're a bigot.
Yes we want massive tax cuts on the top 1%. Everyone else should get a tax reduction. You are Robin in the Hood, the selfish, rich bigot.
Tell me this Boss Trump Y won't US banks not loan $ to u is it because they dont trust u DEUTSCHE bank gives u Russian $ Release tax returns
You Are a lying cheating Putin puppet a con  man who should be in the next cell 2 Bernie Madoff Trump U fraud Money Russian money laundering
I want massive tax cuts for Trump Org you are a massive liar to working and middle class America as u were on health care loser liar cheat
Another lie, There is no great reviews for the tax plan you have, except from your 1% buddies that will benefit the most from it. Stop lying
Americans need tax cuts for the middle and low income. We don't need it for the rich! Why can't you understand this? You are so horrible!
Fuck
That's how President Clinton balanced the budget!
Quit lying. Does anything coming out of your mouth even resemble the truth?
Dems to want massive tax cut you say sir? Well , maybe when you release your tax returns they will see reason to like tax cut.
They always talk about. "trickle down economics" you structured all levels & I wonder why they have the broken record " for sake of rich"
"A rising tide lifts all boats"---President John F. Kennedy,  @TheDemocrats icon
See why they don't? People will realize
Democrats don’t want tax cuts for Millionaires and Billionaires
Don't talk about tax cuts until we see your tax returns. You are a snake.

Do you think Americans are stupid?? Democrats don't want tax perks for your rich friends!
We need tax cuts Period!
At the expense of the downtrodden- no, I don't!
My guess is that you have not read the Bill and what it would really do for the rich v middle-class taxpayers!
You're running the country and have bern electected.  Focus on that. Clearly you are having a hard time multitasking.
If u cut taxes how do u reform the healthcare? Raise taxes and make America gr8 like sweden is gr8
Liar!
Maybe they wanna make the country great and not just looking for @FoxNews polls...
Cut spending, eliminate deficit, than cut taxes
great because it will cut your taxe bill
Tax Cuts = usable income = economic growth = better jobs =  higher income = more tax $ collected than would have been at the higher rate.
King Con: your "big, beautiful tax reform bill is going NOWHERE, just like every other initiative you've undertaken. Weasel...
Historical stain in history books.
Historians will be teaching what to never have happen again hundreds of years from now.
Embarrassment!!!
Hey you Dotard listen to Fox News they say your tax reform is for the rich. Liar and chief fake president.
Plz explain completely how each tax payer benefits from this cut.  For example I care for my elderly parents in their mid to late seventies
Tax cuts for the rich does not help the poor or the middle class. Who do you think your kidding?
Great reviews???......yes for the wealthy not the middle class....stop lying all the damn time
Only taking care of your rich cronies
It's a FAKE MIDDLE INCOME TAX CUT!!!  Most of the middle class will be paying more under Trump's new tax plan.  BEWARE!!
The mayor of Puerto Rico is bad mouthing trump becouse she's trying to steal aid money with the advice and aid of Hillary Clinton! !!!!!
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts for you, your family, and the other wealthy 1%. They'd be fine with a tax cut for poor & middle class.

So you claim you will cut taxes and then cut programs. How will that help the?taxpayers.
If the primary reason for ANYONE BUT ESP POTUS is to win elections YOU ARE THE PROBLEM. The DUTY of those ELECTED Is to SERVE THE CITIZENS
Democrats is always held us back President Donald Trump so keep fighting for the tax cut for American people.
Give some details
You're right they don't want massive tax cuts for billionaires.... they want middle class only tax cuts
@stevenmnuchin1 Make no mistake, this is a massive tax cuts for the top 1% and a tax hike for ALL other Americans. Wake Up!
Numbers R in! Your tax bill will cost Americans $2.4 Trillion while overwhelmingly helping wealthiest 0.2%, including your family, of course
