You didn't win easily. You lost the popular vote and are the most unpopular president-elect in recorded history.#HateMonger
It;s our party and they wont let us smile if we want to.....
cry if you want to.  You would cry you, if it happened to you... hahaha!
Cindy Lauper ... innocent and happier times
:One more time my friend,nothing that the enemies of america,within,or from the outside do...WILL NEVER WORK=lead justly...
I woldnt call losing the popular vote an "easy win". You're the president no one wanted.
You didn't "easily" win. You lost the popular vote, won from an archaic, outdated technicality. Join the real world.
still LOST the popular vote BIGLY!!
if you could start acting more like a respectable P.O.T.U.S. and less like a child on twitter, that'd be great. Thanks.
They can only belittle us if we believe them. We know we won bc we wanted truth & change in govt. We voted !
You are 100% correct!
@Marble300 They can try, but will fail, because they are FAKE NEWS, and they lack morals & values.
"Hitler would b proud of u guys, such great lies so smart young ppl" to bad "at 1 time,u b tried 4 Treason & JAIL
I think you may be mistaken. I have never committed treason. That would be Obama, Hillary & John McCain
.@realDonaldTrump Win? You were installed. Say it with me: I, Russian Agent-Orange (DoJo), am ILLEGITIMATE. P.S. You are also illiterate.

It's always the ones with the dirty hands pointing the fingers...
yes lets go there
and here....
lets not forget 6-10 
@la700 Mr.TRUMP is a man that MILLIONS of AMERICANS have made a commitment in...We Are Resolute..TRUMP TRAIN NEVER STOPS.
trump just told you to jump off a cliff would you do it
...No..I would not.. If OBAMA ask you to jump off cliff would you, yes or no?
no I would not - my point being we should never follow our political representatives blindly
Point well taken that's why inform yourself from balanced perspectives..if in unique inciteful position
@SonnyTfoth AMERICA FIRST YESSS WE WON THE ELECTION GOD BLESS AMERICA
keep telling yourself that you bloated blowhard. Hillary had the people's vote - you won via treason and an outdated system
#FakePresident still unclear as to having lost the election. he's not good at math. poor thing.
I want 2C his college transcripts, 2 pass GED, 2 take same citizen test naturalized citizens do, and STOP WHINING.
i've always said that candidates should have to take a test. so should voters. #stupidvotesdontcount
We used to manage to get people educated by end of HS. #Civics needed. #criticalthinking #medialiteracy #propaganda
Say it slowly with me. It's not about the result. Its abt foreign interference in our cntry. a pres should care. Just sayin
And so should a Congress.
The only movement that has been verified is the movement against YOU.
Real America  wakes up every day greatful to God for our presidential election result.
You lost the popular vote, squeaked through the electoral college, and are the most despised PEOTUS in memory.
A foolish thought to say a sorry state. Consider it not so deeply. These deeds must not be thought after these ways. So, it will make us mad
The only 'sorry state' is you Mr. Trump right about now...
You lost by almost 3mil votes @realDonaldTrump . Thats a lot of people who do not support yr agenda #trumpisfakenews
Did not win  it easily you stole it stole it big league
Mainstream Media as a Weapon of Social Engineering and War -COUNSEL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS OWNED NEWS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eEY-9kUkyg&t=36s …
YOU are a great, tremendous BOWEL MOVEMENT!
question how does it feel to be the "winner" of the electoral votes? But still be a loser? #mosthatedmaninamerica #pig #DT

what? Can't use your big boy words? Not surprised! Morons stick together right??? Lol!
That sounds vaguely racist...
here's one! Trump won more votes easily with the uneducated! Lol!
As opposed to Hill winning *at least* 6 mil *known* illegal votes in CA
Or Trump lost VA by 6K votes after the gov pardoned 65K felons for the election?
Hillary won popular vote by 3M votes!
easily? You lost the popular vote. Election ended months ago. Focus on not screwing up this country instead
So, no. Resign.
You just don't get it  fake= real     real= fake   a little bit of lemon
CNN/ fake news is burning! President Trump, We patriots are behind you 100,000,000 percent! WE r fighting4U
To He'll with them all. Get it done. They are over and they know it. Get cabinet confirmed! WE want it!
earn your legitimacy as a president; #divestdonald
You show great promise in, how you say, telling the Big Lie. Keep up good work, minion.
I agree..there's something very wrong with the media .it's not balanced ,they don't cover important issues  ( it's wrarped)
.@realDonaldTrump Do we REALLY have to listen to you spew this diarrhea of the mouth for 4 years!!? God save us!
congratulations can't wait for you to bring this country back to greatness
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1129231657130369&set=pcb.112923994379620 …
you won the electoral college. But you didn't actually win the election. Bernie would have won. #youarenotmypresident
it was not an easy victory, it was a fluke. Lost the popular vote. Real news is Americans overwhelmingly hate you.
Easily? You lost the popular vote and needed the help of Comey and Putin to 'win'.
Which "great" movement would that be? The racist, xenophobic, pussy grabbing one?
no one can belittle your success but u.
@tcmccarthy_ please investigate and arrest all those crooks and pedophiles in D.C.
@ChristiChat @Moran19Maureen President Trump They are Moron's. Sir, not to worry about them.Maureen& Tom Moran&Family
@ChristiChat @Moran19Maureen You are so right sir,OUR PRESIDENT 
our children are being shredded by family law, please help!
the news is in fact just every word out of your mouth is. That's why you want to shut the Press up
Expose your lies
Lowest margins per county ever. Popular vote lost by 3 million. Where do you get "victory" from that? #notmypresident
to discredit you and your presidency is discrediting the Americans that voted for you
@TwistedinGa libs have no honesty or class,they are trying to cripple America
yo man, I love you
To bad you lost the popular VOTE!!!! LOSER IN THE EYES OF MILLIONS.
Your strong Scot stock, fearlessness & Gemini mind will take this country on a ride we'll never forget.
You lost the popular vote by 3 million votes! Your approval rating is 37%.  Not exactly a mandate.
#fakepresident
#vile
you have the speaking capability of a fourth grader.
Russia helped you, and your going to jail. It's just a matter of time  You will go down as the worst President elect ever.
You LOST the popular vote by 3mil.. #minorityPresident
yes, impressive that you won despite losing by so many votes.
if losing by 3 MILLION votes is your idea of winning  how far in debt are you to Russia, China?!?!
Hugely Delusional AntiAmerican PresElect.
LOL!  You lost the popular vote by a landslide!
not true. Your loss was unprecedented
You are embarrassing yourself
You're the reason women beat their husbands
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
Fake president
How much does your daughter cost?
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
It is crazy how many lies you can squeeze into 140 characters.  Kudos to that!
ummmm, you didn't win it easily joker...you LOST the popular vote by MORE than 2 million...hmmm 
Amen to that.
Americans are so excited that you are about to take office!! Thank you!!
the only thing FAKE is you! When the majority of Americans didn't vote for you, you can't say you easily won.  Disgraceful!
Who told you that you won it "easily"? Fake news? Clinton had nearly 3 million more popular vote. She is more popular
You barely won and only with the help of Putin. Your presidency is not legitimate and you are the world's largest a-hole
How can Russian determine the out come of Americas election. It's a shame on their part
Uh Birther man- YOU are the epitome of fake news and lies.

Unreal @realdonaldtrump U have a cult, not a "movement". Your continual copious verifiable lying makes YOU #FakeNews #unfit #unbelievable
you aren't a real president. Barak Obama the man you said was not a citizen is still my president. John Lewis speaks truth.
you lost the popular vote by millions. Sad! You are a loser trump but you're too simple to realize it. So sad! So sad!
Mr POTUSE Sir.It is a sorry state.DNC'S horror of losing the future of their liberal agenda.Has unleashed childish panic! 
@djtmovement We the people decided who we want to run our gr8 country! Doesn't matter what they throw we'll keep getting up
You won by minus three million votes. It was literally 'unpresidented'! SAD! TOO BAD! #TRUMP #TrumpLeaks
they're two faced sorry entitled losers! We love you!
@linetitude they still crieing
Out of 200,081,377 registered voters, 79, 444,906 voted NEITHER Trump/Clinton
REAL winner:NEITHER 
http://uselectionatlas.org/RESULTS/national.php …


Donald!!!  Grow up and get a grip on your ego!   Be the intelligent man that you truly are 24/7.
you squeaked in a victory. be grateful, get over it, move on. Stop beating up people who report facts #EmperorHasNoClothes
Yes, a bowel movement. You are our crooked opponent. Treasonous and a baby, to boot. #gtfo of our house.

Party of 2 your table is ready.. Party of 2 your table is ready
You lost the election, you won the electoral college. You will be impeached. After ACA repeal I will work hard for that.
you do realize that the people voted against you. You shouldn’t be president elect.
- destroy fake news by not acting like a fake president. Time to get real and stop being a pundit.
-release your taxes, do the right and smart thing.
They didn't expect us to win They will continue to cause division and then point the finger at u focus on clean up
Ignore this. You will be president in a week. Nothing they can do. Let them stew. Don't stir the pot. They want 2 B in news
but you didn't win the popular vote!
More than 3 million less than your opponent.Gerrymandering and antiquated electoral college is why you won.Not impressive.
You are so right!
you squeeked by-very narrow win, 46% of the vote, needed states by less than a point & lost the national popular vote. LIAR
You are RIGHT!

CNN has changed their motto
"WE ARE CNN, WE DON'T HAVE TO TELL THE TRUTH ! "
you won by Foreign/FBI interference! Hillary won the majority of the popular VOTE, accept the fact you are a LOSER!
Except you lost the popular vote. You and I have different definitions of easy.
Well, they just doing what you did with Obama! You asked for it. Do unto Others!!!
a sory state is rite the hole union is in trouble iam not sure you can do what I will take to turn us around
you mean like the fake news you did on Obama's birth certificate? Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
racism and sexism aren't movements, they are disgusting, hate filled, and unpresidential.

a little to defensive.  Clapper seems to feel it's real.
ur sorry still blaming the other side when it was u that encouraged hacking reading wiki leaks spreading fake news lies.
All this talk of #golden showers, not a good time to bring up movements.....
to all the people who voted for him! What were u thinking  I pity you all
- Fake News? Hmm.,  looks like you were proven to be a caught in a LIE AGAIN !!
FAKE NEWS? OH LIKE OBAMA NOT BORN IN U.S.  NO THAT FAKE NEWS, YOU ON THE OTHER HAND ARE IN TROUBLE.
small minority of sore losers making too much noise.
I'm with you all the way Mr. Trump...and soon to be President Trump! Thank you for putting your life on hold and winning4US
you lost the pop vote, tho.
-hehe.only 25% of Americans ever supported U fool! Down deep U know UR nothing- just an entitled little baby U R-disgusting
how is losing the popular vote by 10 million a movement?  Fake victory.  Sad.
.@realDonaldTrump You squeaked by in the election. #HRC got 2.8 million more votes than U. U have NO MANDATE for your agenda.
your pathetic victory actually a loss. Without help from Russia, you'd just be another ugly old Loser. Too bad USA lost.
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/2015-trump-said-he-wasnt-a-germaphobe-963528 … This "fake news" too.
you belittled the election before when you threatened not to accept the results. @ least @HillaryClinton accepted w/ grace
don't even pretend if the tables were turned you would have accepted the results w/ grace when you can't even win w/ grace
has anyone noticed that his excuse is "the fake media" every time he fucks up?
.@realDonaldTrump Hmm, win election easily, verify movement, get hit w/ fake news. I feel like I've heard that before *cough birther cough*
wasn't that easy and you still lost the popular vote...not a landslide #notmypresident
LOL, are we back with the "crooked" adjective? Come on, you can do better than that! P.S. you LOST the popular vote! Sad!
But wait, you actually lost the popular vote by 3 million votes.  So there is a majority movement against #PresPussyGrabber

envy is one of the seven deadly sins...
So is greed and gluttony. Trump has those bases covered.
YOUR HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF SUPPORTERS TO LISTEN TO OR BELIEVE A WORD THEY SAY.  WE SEE RIGHT THREW THEM. T
he has 61 million that voted And 1 in 3 now regret voting for him. Facts are awful.
.@realDonaldTrump There was nthng "easy" about u winning that election. U were BEAT by 2million votes, ppl will DIE & there is HATE, bc of U
Closer to 3 million
You LOST the popular vote. More individual people in America wanted Hillary Clinton to be president.
hahhaha...please stop it dear, it's over
You LOST the popular vote by 3 mil. Stop acting like you have a mandate. MOST people are embarrassed that you are pres on a technicality.
Oh, and just because you don't LIKE a story, doesn't mean it's fake
Just because I lost by millions of votes and have the lowest approval rating ever doesn't make me a loser.
It's sorry that you have to cheat to get into office.
I mean Clinton rigged the primaries among other things...by I forgot you're a hypocrite.
@Marble300 We the ppl that voted 4u,more than Lib's"ok"we are 4u all the way & we don't believe any thing they SAY" I  Fox
easily? 3 states & 80,000 votes got you there. Of the 60% that voted 3 million more wanted HRC.Hardly a screaming mandate
oh please, It was only those 3 states & 80,000 votes that got DT the EC votes needed. Hardly a huge mandate

You're going to prison.
you didn't win.  American democrasy lost.
You Won Easily but crybaby Snowflake’s  are melting. Love My President! 
right
losers are stupid to think that they can fool the American people.The will of God and the mandate of the people is supreme
But u and your team jumped all over Hilliary the same way over fake news I call it Karma! U have 4 yes of it coming!
LIAR!
LIAR!
You belittle the Office of the Presidency and the human race! Call it even!
@VoteAngryNow - you lost by 3 million votes. Just got in by electoral college , not my President ever
.@realDonaldTrump THE WICKEDNESS OF TRUMP BECOMES CLEARER WITH EVERY DAY THAT PASSES
@POTUS Yeah, more I see how you always put "movement" in quotes, clearly it refers to bathroom activity #ButItWasInQuotes
