Really, Nigeria needs to treat citizens better. Rich country but wealth only for government. Citizens have no rights. Much killings.
how about appointing ambassadors to all the African Countries. . that is what would help..
I'm shocked u found atleast 1 that wasn't corrupt an a dictator?Africa's problem is there leaders arent leaders.Just greedy violent bafoons
#SupportKurdistan
Nambia was honored
How embarrassing that you, who are absolutely unfit, hold the office of POTUS. I still can't believe so many ignorant people voted for you.
I bet they’re glad to be with you after you called them shitholes
Mr President what is your intake on the modern inhuman treatment  in Libya , Africa selling Africans to some African Countries.
I know I did NOT see this on the news!
Bet you thought you were going to be the main course with those savages! Glad to see you survived, NOT!
Trump called Haiti, African nations "shithole countries" in meeting with  lawmakers: report #ThursdayThoughts #NationalMilkDay  http://hill.cm/AG5Zpr8 
Cool
I hope you haven spoken to the fuddy duddy from Nigeria. He's Obama boy.
Was the president of #Nambia there?
Nice to see the most powerful man in the western civilization being the boss he is.
Nice what is in menu
Obama is the best president
Obama is a traitor a long with his admin/ if there is any justice in this country he will be in Jail with Comey, Killary, Rice, Lynch etc
TREASON is the BIGGEST challenge facing US today!
Africa's a RICH continent! Leaders MUST abandon selfish power grabs & let their PEOPLE prosper. We KNOW who the dictators are! Call them OUT
Make Africa great again.

Can we talk about aliens now.... please.... Mr. PRESIDENT and a few other things as well...?
Was Mugabe there?
Repeal and Replace Donald Trump
He really is a white knight... where's his hood?
You are doing your jobs
Honorably.

Sir.

Oh god! Barney is creepy! Melania on the other hand.....idk
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
Good for you mr. President Africa deserves our respect
#TrumpRussia You are an embarrassment to this country. Resign.
Surprised he didn’t wear a haz mat suite so he didn’t get “The AIDS” from the Africans. 
Who wore it better?
Como Anillo al Dedo al @realDonaldTrump este Discurso que dio El más Grande Demócrata  y Socialista @chavezcandanga
So of this African leaders you are hosting , are sadist , tyrants and murderers. People like buhari  killed unarmed protesting IPOB members
Funny how important POC are when you can con a buck out of them #assclown
How did it feel being a minority. I heard the almost imperceptible, tepid applause after you spoke. Both of them were just being polite.
Is that why you only posted pics instead of a video? I guess your Communications office could have added an applause track.
Did any of them bring up US exploitation of their commodities? Here's one example.
Or did they explain to you that they are tired of involuntarily supporting the economies of the West through theft?
Part of the reason the US continues increasing it's military budget is to destabilize the nations it is exploiting.

https://youtu.be/njCaRmpzxSo 
Today poland
Neocolonialism is dead, man.
You are an embarrassment to our country.
Great job Mr. President
According to me, this tweet looks like this one from February 2012: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/174598309384691712 …
*You're (Who's the idiot now?)
Your moronic comments cannot be called great discussion unless you talk about the leaders of Africans countries talking among themselves.
Do those challenges include you releasing your tax returns? Or donating that million to Harvey relief?
Our Biggest challenge is impeaching your sorry pathetic ass!
Give it time. Once all the evidence has been gathered, impeaching won't be that big of a problem. Trump will resign before impeachment.
The US was humiliated by your idiotic speech! Please move to Nambia! Then again, you will soon have a new home in Razor Wire Village!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good then resign maga
Can you please elaborate on which challenges and opportunities you are referring to?
Your biggest challenge appears to be your inability to uphold the Constitution of the United States!
President Trump IN NOT A RACIST !!!!!   Had you ever watched The Apprentice, you would KNOW THIS!!!  I wouldn' t even have to watch the show to know this!  When you no longer have a comment, just call him a racist!    You are all so pathetic!
大佬大佬。
你可以尝试一下中国食物、非常的美味
Good
Trump has "a great relationship with the blacks" Later, he said how great of a country, Africa is. Thanks Donnie....
We certainly have a lot of challenges
The biggest challenge America has had over the last century is one thing, or should I say person, YOU!!!
Gets map... Now point out the countries these leaders are from. I'll wait! 
#Resist #MAGA

 With Russia investigation, plenty to see here
Look at this racist...surrounded by all these black men.  Disgusting!
Did you let them know how you blacklisted them from all your apartments?
Nigerian Prez in the hat, is like 'you must be bigly joking' 
Nambia? You called Namibia by the wrong name. Are you for real? You should carry an atlas w/you, always.  Not intelligent enough for office.
Oh ... and don't go to Africa with your "supposed" friends who are trying to get rich & spending a lot of $. You're the president, remember?
Nambia
Nambia?
Republicans gone mad to Destroy ACA because President Obama Started it. It is working but needs some Fixing, America wants U to Fix it NOW
Tell them to quit asking for $55 dollars through western union so I can have millions.
Such hatred from trolls below. Most people ignore them. U, Sir, on the other hand, are doing a great job! Tx 4 tireless devotion to America!
What did you think of the president of Nambia???
I'm NOT Voting Republican I AM VOTING for TRUMP
You are an embarrassment to our country.  They're all laughing at you.
U mean u actually had lunch with black ppl? How many Xanax did u need? I'm curious how many times time u said "you people."
Another subject you must have missed in school - colonialism! It's probably impossible for your peeps to prep you since you know NOTHING!
What did the prime minister of Nambia said?  Do you have any policy towards Narnia?
Please rather engage with INGOs to hear the challenges we African's face it will help you to understand why we migrate to other countries.
#Nambia
So how was your talk with the representatives of Nambia? Or were you confused for a bit after you saw Narnia last night?
I hope you were nice to the Prime Minister of Nambia.  I forget, does Nambia have a Prime Minister or a President?
Excellent Mr. president now get RID OF SEssions to do his job or be replaced!Hillary and Obama etc. need 2 be drained from the swamp NOW!!!!
Nambia, Namibia, all same 2 U.  Could have been worse and U call the country Namenda, which is the drug you're on for Alzheimers
cool
we really appreciate sir.
Being the eternal optimist, I thought it was a joke when I heard you mentioned the African country of Nambia. Then I watched the video. smh
Big miss on Nambia. National embarrassment is too weak of a term, but traitorous wretch is spot on.
Pity Nambiadidn't hear your admiration. Oh wait, there is no such country! (You have to stop listening to those voices in your head Donnie.)
With YOU being the biggest challenge
Extraño sistema de vida...
Nice, however the African leaders all say they could have done without your cannibalism jokes in your remarks.
Especially Nambia, I hear.
Got a sweet deal on the side, didn't you little devil?
If you haven't got anything positive to say about our Elected President, pipe down.
Who knew there were so many black folks in Africa? The highest number of blacks live in a little country called Nambia, famous for diamonds.
I bet they are laughing behind your as
Can we get some ground breaking inventions here guys??
Thanky you
U are best
Exercising self determinations to be a country . But Nigeria government have started annihilating unarmed civilian .
@POTUS BEAUTIFUL!!
THIS IS BLACK LIVES MATTER...WHEN WE FOLLOW UP & INVEST IN EVERY COUNTRY,
NOT BECAUSE WE SANCTIONED & FAMINED THEM! #ALM
Did you invite the President of NAMBIA?
@realDonaldTrump. Do you know where Nambia  is Mr Tump? It's not in Africa. Just checked the map and no it's not there.
Good
Wat SJWs saying all white ppl are racist??
NAMBIA!
absolute waste of time. There is no US-African bilateral relationship that yields any real lasting progress for Africa. Never has,never will
did you tell them they had nothing to lose and then take their dinner plates
And these pictures are more proof  that Donald Trump doesn't have a racist bone in his body.  God bless Donald J TRUMP.
 #MAGA
How are things in Nambia?
They hate you. So do we. You're terrible.
Not a single state wants this #GrahamCassidy
Cruel chaos: Medicaid Directors: "Largest transfer of financial risk to states in history." "Vast majority of states" won't be ready in 2yrs https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/911018434804068352 …
When you meet Prince Akeem of Zamunda please inform him that his people have been added to the travel ban. Make McDowell's Great Again!
Wish you could pronounce their names
Was good ole Freddie Douglass there? That dude is always doing great stuff
@realDonaldTrump any travel advice for how to get to #Nambia?
#TrumpisAWhiteSupremacist https://twitter.com/kyungkarenmend1/status/909787519977349120 …
Don't forget to invite Nambia. Dumbnut
will the president of Nambia be there?
Who's the ambassador to Nambia again?
I bet you told them you have lots of black friends.
Name of db
Don't forget to spend a lot of time with the group from Nambia! You can even make up a nickname for them like the Nambia Pambias ....
By the way I was born in u.s. citizen even though I don't consider myself an American. That's sad I am going to milk the welfare breasts
But where is the leader of Nambia..???!?!!??1?

Yes,  that was funny to watch.  Always keeping us laughing
Not every person of color feels that the race relations are as bad as the media portrays. I am a bm, 50yrs old and born and raised in SC.

#Africa #Blooddiamonds #Israel #Trump
Learn the names of the African countries. You know, so you don’t embarrass TF out of the U.S. like usual...
Free cofveeve for all Nambians!
Believe me!
Our biggest challenge is keeping you and your temper at a minimum and try to hold you above a 5th grade level of communication.
If your going to represent our country at least learn to correctly pronounce their countries names...can you hear the world snickering..
Every nation in Africa think you as the major idiot!! The 'emperor has no clothes'!
So...what came out of those meetings?
Let's take a trip to #Nambia and get rich, I'm sure the natives will love us for it
Very good for african
You are an embarrassment. Nambia what is wrong with u
Oh you have more Blacks now?  So awesome.
From #Nambia
Well is not Nambia,is Namibia thank you Mr president next time pronounce our country right
And you embarrassed yourself and the USA again! You are the "turkey" on the menu!
Did you order meatloaf for them?
Even Twitter doesn't know what country you mean
You have not sat with that many black people since becoming president YOU WONT EVEN GIVE A SPEECH AT THE NAACP GOSH I DON'T LIKE FAKE POTUS
The biggest challenge is getting you to open your 'Big Boys Atlas of the World' Donny.
#Nambia
Chief export for "Nambia": covfefe (& plenty of it)
Lol
Hey shit-bird-45 where is Namibia? Is it near Swiztergypt?
I am namb... But maybe You were thinking of the Nambesi river?
Be watchful of #Buhari he might leave behinds big Rats in that office meanwhile our Kenyan president @UKenyatta got an rigging accident. 
I loved your speech &great interaction with the African leaders. They seem 2like &respect u #MAGA
Nambia does not exist...
I'm sure the delegates who listened to your UN speech feel a lot better now with this Daily News front page. Welcome to New York!
Ru goin to visit Nambia to see their health care in person
Especially NAMBIA!
Was the president of Nambia there?
I am glad to see @POTUS 45 meeting with leaders from the nations on the continent of Africa. This is a very good step forward.
Hey African leaders. Trump is rascist. #ImpeachTrump
Nobody has discussed Nambia's challenges & opportunities more than you!
Mr President sir can u please name me as the head of state for Nambia? I always wanted to have a fictitious country of my own 
U R named President of  Humabya, Happy.
President of Nambia u mean I have even designed the flag for my country I will take a lil bit from Zambia n a lil from Namibia 
It's got to be Humabya! :-) :-)
I'll take it as long as I m the ruler 
USA odd president....
Mr president sir with due respect, we have been waiting for you to intervene, liberate Biafran's from the contraption called Nigeria
Who can I contact in #Nambia about a large sum of money waiting for me? Could have sworn I got an email on this but I may have deleted it.
I love your style sir. You are great
#WorstPresidentEver
sure...especially the ones from that nonexistent country!
How about sending some food and clean water to some of those African nations.
Even the made up ones?
Did you ever figure out what countries are actually in Africa? Maybe get briefed before meetings.  You're actually pretty dumb.  Resign now.
Which part of the discussion was great? The part where u made up a country? Or the part where you told them your friends visit to get rich
