MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ...
Trump
Non fossil fueled sustainable vehicles, v. Fuel going up in smoke,creates jobs/global competitive market trend/Make America Great Again
I love my President!
Can i joying you Mr Trump to make America great again
Thank you Mr. President Trump for the nice pictures: Make America Great again!!! You can everytime!!!
R E S I G N
@Publix in West Palm Beach now blocks all magazine covers w/ @POTUS - my last time shopping there.If US Pres isn't good enough-my US$ arent.
...covered due to a long history of customer complaints. ^JC 3/3
So headlines of @BenAffleck having trysts is considered more acceptable to your customers?(of which I will not continue to be)
You can start by throwing in the towel and getting someone in office with some intelligence and respect!!!
I have all the faith Mr prez , if anyone man can do it I believe it's you Prez Trump!
Hey @realDonaldTrump ...you really need to work on your meme skills buddy. Here, I helped you out. WHO MEMED IT BETTER, AMERICA?

This is just a stitchwork of non-accomplishments (Gorsuch), things he can take no credit for (Jobs growth) and are actually unknowable.
how about this -
This meme is incredibly poor, Donald. Here, I helped you:
Liberals want a sluggish, socialist economy in the United States
On November 8th, Americans REJECTED socialism
Dumping Obama's "legacy" (Obamacare and Paris Disasters) was the best thing we could have done for our economy
So 20million without insurance is okay and the millions of jobs created that you tweeted are still not there. Great economics.#bootlicker
He's just some kiss ass that comments on every post from Donald. He's a fucking ass kisser lol
Once you're OUT...it will be great again.
MAGA is getting real old. How about you get policies passed and do some work???
MAGA-Morons Are Governing America
Leave .
You are going to be known as the most hated President in ALL of history. Amazing!
Oh, we are SO working on that. Believe us! Trust us! One day. Soon. NOT SAD! #Trumpocalypse
Thank you Obama! Was a great job. @POTUS don't close your eyes from the truth. Lies don't travel far....
That's not how you spell Russia
Please do, resign and move to Russia
Trying to be a good boy on twitter?
THANK YOU MR. TRUMP FOR IMPROVING OUR ECONOMY!
The wall will be built!
More jobs have been created under you than failed Obama!
You have already made America's eccomony great again!
Failing @nytimes will never report the truth! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MAGA #45
#MAGAt
#impeachtrump
You're pathetic.
7months - I've carried a pregnancy longer
pregancy take's 9 month s that's why
I just love photos showing you clapping those teeny little hands!
You are being a Big Boy today.
Because the #USA is the greatest country on the planet & all US #citizens are blessed to be a part of her!!#USAUSA #MAGA #MyCountryRocks
indeed! and MAKE JOURNALISM HONEST AGAIN!

#CNNsotu #FNN #FraudNewsCNN
Can't handle the truth?
If you are going to take all the credit now, when the correction comes, you have to own that too. But will you?
Imbecil
Get my medical records now that will be great
Just out of curiousity, can you name some of the financial policies that you've passed that led to this growth? Take ur time, I'll wait.
3 Years, 6 Months, 4 Days, 20 Hours, 40 Minutes, and 32 Seconds
Youre off by like 19 seconds. But dont sweat it.
Thanl you Mr President

Thank you @BarackObama for the strong market we are enjoying!
Thanks to Obama. You haven't done squat. Loser. Resign. That will #maga
GREAT. Keep it up!!!!!!
America can't be made great until Hillary is in jail. We are waiting.
In order to do that you have have start saving the children from currupt federally funded state orgs that turned it in cash for kids program
You can do that by resigning @POTUS . You're doing terrible at every aspect of your job.

Thanks OBAMA
What's up with Paul Ryan being on the plane with Bill and Lynch.....and I heard the pilot is being hidden by the higher-ups at Fox News....
And if you have your way we won't be able to breathe the air, drink the water or have insurance. But you'll have more $$! Won't you? Thief.
It's easy Donald just copy & paste - "I resign as president of the US - effective immediately" its less than 140 characters
Deport the Haters!
please fire your graphic designer
Is this a tweet to raise more money for Don jr's legal defense fund? 

#askingforafriend
Are those the only words in your vocabulary?
…also, since you're President, doesn't saying "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN" imply that you've done nothing?
You're such a joke.
You're paying YOURSELF with money your donors are giving you for your 2020 reelection campaign. You thug. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Since when does he let reporters talk, he just says were done here when they ask him important question.
He's also going to need a legal fund.
Please add Linda Sarsour onto that list...
Collusion's No Big Deal According to @HouseGOP
 
 #WTFComrade #PatriotNotPartisan
That's not the argument the GOP is making. They're faced with the reality of what has happened and must contort themselves.
Who, the Trumps? Looks like we're already there.
Deflection will never absolve the Trump campaign of their actions. They met with her to get dirt from the Russian govt.
Serious question... when Kushner and Don Jr are found guilty of conspiracy, collusion, and money laundering, are you going to pardon them?
I wonder how many pardons you're going to issue before you either resign or get impeached. It's going to be a lot, that's for sure.
HEALTH CARE BILL,  BUILT THE WALL,  TAX REFORM,  KEEP YOUR CAMPAIGN PROMISES  YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT NOW
gee, who was POTUS in 2014????????
Ur our number 1 treat to national security. Head to jail fool

Gag.  We will have so much work to do after you are gone.
Ummm don't think so...
Not by your doing.....(drops mic)
The thing that would make it great would be for you to resign!!!
WAY TO GO!!! ♡♡♡ @realDonaldTrump
Sure... but not with a fake president!
You really think that's going to happen do you?
Thank you sir
We were great until you became President.

MAGA resign
Support #russian_asset
@POTUSYou're embarrassing the USA to the world, hell, probably on other planets as well, that's how historically awful U R!
lies...fake numbers...fake news
... you're funny.
If by the mere force of numbers a majority should deprive a minority of any clearly written constitutional right...
it might in a moral point of view justify revolution; certainly would if such right were a vital one
maga, join the revolution!
Hey FAILED @BarackObama you CRIMINAL 

Each day the world learns Trump is a Great @POTUS

@realDonaldTrump
@jeffsessions
@SHSanders45
We have a true clown in office. Number 45 is a bafoon.
@POTUS
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
Then leave it you Traitor

Hey @CNN & other #FakeNews whores....  @realDonaldTrump is AWESOME as @POTUS and we stand with #TRUMP! @SebGorka @PressSec @KellyannePolls
We'll #MAGA #Min 2020 when we vote you out office. Unless you leave a little early. #sad #SCROTUS

Fake news


PHONEY..u & Ivanka have all your merchandise made overseas for CHEAP labor..all GREED..u rant MADE IN AMERICA..yet u don't follow..SHAME
The graph for the success of your predisancy (according to your lawyer, lol) will be an accurate assessment of your admin in another 2 yrs.
@POTUS resign and it will be! #25thAmendmentNOW #TreasonousTrump
America was great until you became President.
You should change your motto to Make America Russian. Anti news media and anti justice system is from Russian playbook.

Oh dude, you didn't finish the sentence, allow me... "BY WORKING WITH RUSSIA AND SPYING ON EVERYONE!! YAY!!!"
"the past 12 months" being the key phrase! You've been in office 6 of them. You haven't helped with thise numbers!

I know one way to stop Trump from being your president.

By moving out of the country.
She blames everyone,cheated way out of election,emails,tarmac mtg,tapped candidates,got ?'s b 4 debates,started collusion,no voter fraud.huh
How about practicing what you preach. Look at your own products your hotels peddle. Clothes that you wear.  One huge walking contradiction

Ok call soon honey we miss u
Make people  work under the table.Can something be done.Poor people can't afford  fines. Come up with a plan that can make people productive
@John_Mar_016 /NO MEDIA TO REPORT THE TRUTH&ALL DON'T KNOW MEDIA LIED ABOUT OBAMAS JOBS NUMBERS,,WHICH REALLY WAS 15%NOT4.3

65% of America despise you.
2+2=5
Its about time
U mean stay at Trump resort and charge US taxpayers for it
It will be once you're gone
Thank you for bringing back jobs to the Alcoa Warrick operations in Newburgh, Indiana!
Free the Political Prisoners of America THEN worry about other Countries, please POTUS
3


We know Obama legacy prevail !!!!!!
MAGA - Morons Are Governing America!
Show you taxes and wow too bad we can't challenge you to a lie detector test LOL

Your slogan is dumb.  America was greater before your #FraudElection and you making us a laughingstock around the world.  #Article25NOW
Such a liar - Such a con man - cannot wait until you are in prison
#MAGA #GFY

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
#India no 1
and ur not responsible for any of it,SAD,
Obama worker very hard to bring us out of the worst recession every and he was successful. It started b4 your came. Ucan't take all credit.
Sorry Donnie, America was NEVER BAD !
I know how to MAGA - get a better POTUS!
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!

Did you see THIS?
HOUSE OF REPS:
.@HouseGOP 
.@HouseDemocrats…
Yeah, 6 of those months Mr. Obama was a REAL President!

You DO know where your MAGA caps are made? #China
You need not be in the white house.
note the 12 months....thanks Obama!

Please resign before you do more harm to America.
Economy still doing well because of President Obama. America was great until Putin put you in the WH.  #MorallyBankrupt #FakePOTUS
You sure as hell have very little to nothing to do with this, stop lying and taking credit for it all. You're a joke and a fake Pres.
MAGA!!!!
When #TrumpLeaves we can move on, now the USA is being Scammed to Death......
Make America great again yea right your making a mess of it and also a laughing stock . Grow up and stop crying about everything that don't
Great and good to hear - we still need to take care that Ivanka starts to let  her goods produce in the USA - and not in Bangladesh or China
MAGA?! America was great and still is. But you & your kingdom of thugs & liars are doing everything you can to destroy the rule of law. Sick

Thank you Sir! 
A new Hitler has come again, this time to America!! https://youtu.be/AnpTWKKWQ1o 
Until the next collapse from these same myopic short-term growth, long term contraction policies.
