And what jobs would that be donnie?  The ones robots will be taking over as your rich cronies get rid of workers in the future?  What jobs?
Quit


9 million children lost their health insurance today. Nine million.

Trump went golfing.
Nice
#trumpuniversity
That's a great move - well done Mr president
You mean all the jobs at @Walmart? And none anywhere else?
You could train them to be active critical citizens. They'd get rid of this bumbling family and tax your windfalls like invading Poland.
Something so very Marie Antoinette about a woman who's never had to work telling the minions they should go into comp sci to get a job...
If we teach them that Puerto Rico is an island then they're more qualified than you are to be POTUS! Step down, get psychological help!
You're the biggest joke in the world, you cut education funding. You hire corrupt cronies who are dragging you down. Your family is a joke!
Very nice
Please push to make civics classes mandatory from K to college. We need our children to understand our governments laws and history! MAGA!GB
Without looking spell alignment. Then use it in a sentence that you write.
While citizens die:
jobs as min wage PTers... janet @federalreserve doin great on stealin savings, Betsy dumbin down education fast & Stevie M? AWESOME TAX PLAN
Melania, you go girl. You are AWESOME!
AMERICAN kids are our future.
Are they teaching burger flipping in schools now?
First he ruins football now he's ruining my country!
INSIST PARENTS ATTEND PUB SCHOOL CLASSES W THEIR CHILDREN..WE SAW HORROR, INSISTED ON CHANGES.. NOW SCHOOLS ARE JAILS AND THEY FEAR PARENTS!
So that Ivanka can have more sweatshop labor??
How much was cut from public education? A YUGE amount.
#BuildTheWall 
#RepealObamacare
Javanka used private email. LOCK THEM UP!
@IvankaTrump u cant b advocate 4 #CSWEEK but not #environmentalscience-Science isn't a buffet @ 1 of your bankrupt casinos
This is Iraq that supports us. And you do not know Kurdistan for Iraq Altaaifi
Yes, they are the future of America
transparent dumbtwat
to american slang translation "we will do everything
to dismantle education. our main election bid is on idiots"
Enroll them all in Trump University.
Which staffer wrote that one?
How did you do this and what are the jobs of the future
@kkway16 
They're disrespecting the flag in our schools this is horrible
Nobody knows what skills we'll need to know in the future. They haven't been invented. We'll all need to know how to think and how to learn.
Oh this was little @IvankaTrump's project. Explains why you're promoting it. Please resign.
سلاو تاکەی ئەم چاوە جوانە بێ ماف بن
Science and technology?
How come Betsy De Voss wasn't in this important education meeting?
In demand and lucrative jobs...a generation of citizens strapped to technology?
You put someone who has never been a teacher and who's children have never been in public school in charge of education.  Fix THAT!!!!!!!!!!
How
Would you like fries with that?
Nice thank you sir 
Not with DeVos.
@President Donald J Trump how weird you dare not even meet the people sending your daughter.Trump, you drink democracy with milk or whiskey?
..and I love the fact that you have issued your tough and strong stance on #SouthSudanCrisis. Keep our leaders on toes sir.
Planning a head now there's a thought. No if we could do something about over population
Why do people who kniw NOTHING about education get to ALWAYS design our curriculum?  Worst education system on Earth!
U are out of your mind, get out!
You did not invent the internet. Fake news.
yes making American great again
What are those jobs of the future? And have you told the miners you lied to their jobs are not coming back?
Who wrote this for you? We all know it wasn’t you....

That’s right. Jobs of the future in coal mines, steel mills and manufacturing!!  Go team!!
With Devos in charge of education, those future jobs must be flipping burgers. You're all inept and need to go.
This week you continued showing the world your disregard for human life when they aren't white even if they're American. #PuertoRico
Sure we did, only if your white and privileged!
Science Math Engineering!
This is so needed! Thank you Mr. President!!!
Like coal, right? Coal is a job of the future. Right?
Coal is a job of the present. Unless you have a way to power America without buying oil from countries that hate US.
You don’t have an education so how can you speak about it!
The purpose of education isn't simply job training.  It's to teach kids to grow up and become responsible citizens.
now that's funny, children have been learning about computers for years now. My daughter is 24 and started in preschool
Your geography skills = low energy. NM Pacific Ocean, we can blow NK off map, but Atlantic Ocean hinders us getting to aid Puerto Rico.
Donald This will not work teachers do not strive for excellence vouchers can attend any school all money follows student majority HS Read 8
Fingers crossed the United States does not ever produce another person like you, who makes a mockery of education daily.
As look at ur reptshon here for ur bisness reptshon for modenashon
But what about Puerto Rico?

did you give them a shovel for those coal mining jobs?
...and aligning bankruptcy with paying for Healthcare?

Alcoholism and obesity said to be rampant in United States. 
Yeah sure whatever he says , anyway on a good positive truthful note this week @realDonaldTrump failed AGAIN @ R&R O'care still lives #LOSER
Neither of you has accomplished anything. Yet you are proud.
It's a sad state of affairs when states will offer free tuition for a liberal arts degree in interpretive dance but make students pay through the nose the rest of their lives to learn REAL skills like welding, fabrication, mechanical engineering, etc.
Impeach impeach impeach impeach impeach impeach impeach impeach impeach impeach that Teflon

The purpose of education is not to create automatons for jobs. Students are far more than "future job holders."
Not with anti-public school Betsy DeVos in charge.  She just wants to rob our children of a proper education. #moneygrab
Barely.
WTF...LIAR
Love it!
@BetsyDeVosED @realDonaldTrump 
Would it help you spend more on education if you thought of it more like training your future slave labor?
North Korea is the biggest issue. I will say it. Do not threaten America. We will stomp you back to the Stone Age. We can do that .
That how ur job done sire
Why is it that a total screw up & demonstrative failure is still working for us & still promoting communist core? I would have paid for ...
Junior is also going to prison.
How about one step closer to impeachment? Are we there yet shitbags?
Clearly this tweet was not composed by Pres Asterisk.
I hope tomorrow's jobs don't require reading. Because librarians these days are stupid. #DrSeuas
And that would be what, exactly? Coal mining, was it?
Very good job. 
Yep, as if your dad is listening to a word you say Ivanka! U don't belong in the W.H! Do things on your own, before you get draged down.
ivanka looks so gorgeous!
She has just a ordinary look,nothing to speak about,she looks like the rest of the trump family,nothing exciting
Ingenious idea!
I guess nobody else cared enough to think of preparing our children's future with their education?
Awesome
Hahahahahahaha @IvankaTrump sitting pretty, not talking because there are qualified people there. #posers #LikeFatherLikeDaughter
I hope that it would include getting rid of common core, I don't hear anything about that anymore.
we need machine shops back in high schools... 

with  @Haas_Automation  equipment, made in the USA 
Are they all going into coal?
As a software engineer, I can tell you that it does not work this way.
#CodingForKids should be for those that show interest or desire.
You're obviously not a STEM graduate. Maybe more fact based logic less emotion based ignorance will help you
our schools have been radicalized by left for decades,, destroyed education
Ivanka 2020!!!¡
This is so important!!
Get rid of that Vose whose brother was head of Blackwater. God. How you people are connected to each other it's sickening. Public education!
So fucking come on
building useless walls

What about helping the people of Puerto Rico ???
coal miners and ghestappo?
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #trumpsawhitesupremacist #fucktrump #RacistInChief #WhiteNationalist #BIGOT #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Trump Admin To Start Collecting Social Media Data on ALL Immigrants In U.S.
The Ring of Fire good job trump I am proud of you 
Thank you Mr. President, previous adminstrations left this up to their wives and took no interest in the next generation.
This is the most presidential tweet you have sent! Keep your focus here!!
You lie Tweetie!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCU6hlLlZzU …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAbQ-UAbBmw …
All posture. No substance.
Holy shit they evented 0/3 of those things, two British and one Finish
That is way too proper of a sentence to actually be Trump.
President Trump is God's choice for America. If you don't concur, too bad. He is commander in chief period!
Impeachment Impeachment Impeachment Impeachment Impeachment Impeachment Impeachment Impeachment Impeachment
https://www.facebook.com/IVFilmTVComedy/videos/1447743225341515/ …

Yes continue with your dummy down America
Thank you Mr. President for all you have done to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Ivanka:
You have no clue what that sentence even means. Or how it would be realized. I cry for our children who know you as their first President.

Oh, look! the omnipresent Ivanka! If only US citizens had actually elected her to be in the White House!
What was @IvankaTrump voted in for again? Oh right, daddy needed his mistress. The official WH booty call.
You don’t even know what that means you inhumane global embarrassment ... who tweeted for you? You make all Americans look bad...
Start with your treasonous ass and then your PIECE OF SHIT FATHER who calls himself "President"
Hey @realDonaldTrump, did you pull any muscles from patting yourself on your back for the wonderful job you’re doing in Puerto Rico?
That how ur doing ur job sire
So you can at lest proshegeses problemly sire
2 bad our president has 2 Wk with so many nitwits if thaywd support him We wd B so much better off!
Voc Ed programs are gone from our high schools, therefore our youth are graduating with no skills and useless generic diplomas.
#Daughter/Wife grooming children to work in her squalid overseas sweatshops.

“Those shitty knock-offs won’t make themselves”

#DollarADay
https://www.facebook.com/eric.pacheco.543/posts/10213129553292337 … take notes buddy... this is how a REAL LEADER STANDS UP AND REPRESENTS THIS COUNTRY. #TRUMPSKATRINA

Here's an idea: Taxpayers stop subsidizing #NFL stadiums that are used by players to disrespect the flag and country #TakeTheKnee #tcot 
People are not protesting the flag! They are asking not to be murdered!
Wrong place wrong time #MAGA
Playing with computers does not teach basic education skills...Donald went to school for 16 years and he still can't read and comprehend.
Did you fire Betsy this week?
Just wonderful, heartwarming beautiful...
And First Daughter is a true inspiration for thrivinglove this video @thesuperconny
Ivank why don't you retweet all of your father's  tweets, especially the ones about Puerto Rico .
Liar.

Hey Trumpbot.

All Aboard!
A good depiction of trump followers too dumb to know that federal Department of Education is unconstitutional & he promised to dissolve it
@POTUS thank you Mr. President for the job you are doing to make America great again. 100% for you.
All those coal jobs
@realdonaldtrump thank you for investing in STEM Education. It's what is best for our kids.
Travel ban for every owner player who kneels in London golf sized Molly heads see if extreme vetting will make you* stand
AND @BetsyDeVosED a champion for kids having opportunities to shine & not held back because of home address.
DOJ: Civil Rights Aren't For Gay People!
The Young Turks
I'm guessing Michelle can't handle reading Dr.Seuss. The rhyming is too much for her low IQ.
Scrutety and scrutety to the content to the nation that issue a self working investment uman rights

By cutting the budget. LIES again.
Your education secretary is as clueless as you are
