
Explain how Obama did better please?
He didn't make off handed, banal threats that don't jibe with international policy. This will not end well.
Do you think the current situation propagated by previous administrations ideal? Trump approach isn't the status quo but SQ failed
International pressure, sanctions, and working WITH int'l community WITHOUT fiery low-brow comments from POTUS far more effective.
Trump is ham-handedly throwing gasoline on the , risking millions of lives. He's essentially a foreign relations infant. Should SHUT UP. 
Yes, Trump's approach is risky and not one I condone but NK's escalating missile tech is also a concern
This is 100% real and from the nazi website the daily stormer

You better be spending your time planning your defense, not retweeting Fox News

Here We Go Again Congress bumbling and stumbling and obstructing the presidents ability to function as a president. Sad beyond words.

Obama had no clue of the power he possessed or what to do with it.

@realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh trump is demented .


This was buried by Charlottesville but the story is a big deal: Mueller has multiple fronts in the ongoing investigation, incl. obstruction. https://twitter.com/brianklaas/status/896406300250210304 …
Of course!!
Dershowitz is a Dershbag! Isn't your 5 minutes up already?
I really don't think this is the time to try to flatter yourself, Mr. Trump. You have no credibility in handling terrorists in the U.S.
Bigoted @POTUS Tell America About Terrorist Whites Killing Whites In Terrorist Acts? CAN YOU EVEN SAY TERRORIST WHITE SUPREMACIST?


Obama will sell America for thirty pieces of silver
#Iscariot #traitor
@POTUS  #MAGA
Oboma's the man.
I question that statement. I'm thinking more of a vagina hat wearing P*ssy comes to mind.

Just like a limp wrist Libby, you freaking missed. Go back to u're basement and play u're video games kid.
Thank you.
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
Psalm 119:2
Blessed are those who keep His #testimonies, Who seek Him with the whole #heart!
HAHAHAHA Drumpf is dragging us into a nuclear pissing contest
Other world leaders put A LOT more trust in @BarackObama @AlanDouche @TreasonJr @FauxNews
Because the rest of the world leaders are a bunch of scared wussies. They would lay down n die without a fight
I would gladly die for my country...while yal tear down statues and try to figure out which bathroom to use.
I'm 47. But I'm a patriot, strong and have integrity. Unlike you and your fellow snowflakes i deal in reality. So i guess what you want is
Trump gas zero credibility. Zero.
Ha ha, well you "gas" even less credibility!  lol
Haha!  Even Dershowitz is playing to " but Obama " excuse game?  Pathetic
You really should read more credible news sources. Your family is really frightening everyone, believing FoxNew or Breitbart lies.
@AlanDersh go away, you're Trump's puppet.
Hey Dershowitz, remember this?? You are MISHEGOSS! How dare you tolerate this Nazi! #impeachtrump #firebannon #firegorka
Ah, horseshit.
At least he has the foresight to call out a threat when one is directed specifically at our country, allies, territories.
Critics as usual=hypocrites! Said during campaign @realDonaldTrump not tuff enuf on NK. If BHO or HRC said what @POTUS did they'd B sainted!
You are all the worst
What expected bedfellows! I wonder if @AlanDersh is on the @realDonaldTrump payroll? Maybe his finances should be looked into as well!
Congress needs to get on board w our President.
Congress needs to do their job which is get on board with the American People. GOP Party loyalty is being complicit to an agenda of hate.
from a Democrat liberal, that deals volumes
Dershowitz:  PLEASE retire. You are now embarrassing yourself and need a good nap.
@realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh North Korea knows nothing about nuke and missle NOW, China delivered them to NK and exploded them!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh The most stupidest president in the world. Everything with North Korea is directed by China!EVERYTHING!
All Donald trump wants to do is cause ww3
Obama owned NK = nuclear weapons ~guess this is Susan Rice tweeted for Trump to  shut up about NK a few weeks ago .  #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheText #Called my senator in MS & I am not a #bot & I approve this message #Schiff #Feinstein
Unpredictable?  Fire and Fury is really predictable.. Congress cannot do that and were already at war with N. Korea, cease fire status.
@realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh Is this the same thing about Syria ?
@adagioforstring @AlanDersh Go Dersh
Using the words Obama and Credibility in the same sentence results in an oxymoron.
WHY DON'T YOU DO GOODER KNOW IT ALL JUST KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT WHEN IT COMES TO THE PRESIDENT HIS SO FAR AHEAD OF ANY OF YOU  JUST GET READY
Trump literally cannot get out of bed in the morning until someone tells him he is better than obama. And that person knows they are lying
I believe this!
People of America just need to let Pres. Trump do what he was assigned to do ... His job which is to better this country!   So let him!!
No one has stood in his way-except him
Trump could be a great Pres if the haters would only give him half a chance.  I'm optimistic!
The "haters" didn't start that way. Ppl like us have been watching his wretched act for 40 years in NY-the rest of USA is catching up
North Korea never feared or respected Obama.
The two worst things that hit America:- slavery and 8 years of Obama. Their consequences will reverberate throughout the land for 100 years.
@mark_elkhayat That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever read in my life. You're enjoying obama's economy right now http://www.good.is/articles/obamas-achievements-in-office?sid=sst943245uh …
The economy became good because of the right brains he had himself surrounded with. Bill Clinton did much better than Obama.

Donald Trump should not use twitter again before he tweets the words "I condemn white supremacy."
What is taking Trump so long to condem white supremacy?
Is this a trick question? It's because Trump isn't appalled by what they stand for!
It appears that one could say that he is one himself.  Those who do not protest, agree!
tRump doesn't have credibility with anyone but racists, bigots, and Hannity.
Obama had more in his littl pinky. And now you have none also, shame for such a great scholar, I would have done anything for yr education
Says  Dershowitz!! BWAHAHAHAHA
What a tool. trumputin gets 2 folders of flattery a day from faux news lackeys. 
#Weak
#Fraud
@realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh Obama didn't give in to the little man's demand for attention, like others with intelligence. Now look!
Also, in other news, #Trump has more street credit with #Nazis the #KKK and #WhiteSupremacists than #Obama
Why don't we pray to all the GODS in the world to have a fight to see who wins. Then there would be only one GOD & one religion. PEACE,LOVE
Hey Fox news Obama is no longer President so how about recognizing that this "Deal Maker" sucks at making deals. You are all accomplices
Douchewitz once again wrong on all counts #retire
I don't watch Fox News for the same reason I don't drink out of the toilet.
Sure he does...
Why is Failure dangerous obama n a Clinton in our God Loving USA? Democrat haters...NoGOP Voters
Hahaha, you're insane. Resign!
Trump has more credibility with White Supremacists than Obama...
Now there's the right guy to ask about international affairs.  What a joke! Ask him how much it costs to get off a murder charge instead!
Alan Dershowitz will suppress any morals he might still have to support Netanyahu's new puppet.
Trump has more credibility than Obama on anything. I bet he's a better golfer too!!!
Lady?  Buhahahaha. Wait.  Never mind. Lol
OMG! Lunatic!
Dershowitz is a hack much like Fox
but you can't find these stories on the Clinton News Network or MSNBC!
The word is out Alan you're being paid, bought, or it's Kompromat. You've lost a lot of respect! Bigly
So who has the pictures Alan must be someone
No. He does NOT.
Obama had no balls. His Line in the Sand was blown away with a small Fart
This is fake news
NO ONE BELIEVES FOX and NO ONE BELIEVES YOU!  Devils Children.
.@realDonaldTrump-What a STUPID statement! Clearly 2 (equal) child bullies in a China shop. Is Trump playing CRAZY for tactics? #UNFIT4POTUS
@realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh His obsession with Obama makes him look and act weak. And it makes him look racist!
Probably because you are both insane narcissists. Obama has something you will never have Donnie: Class. He is famous, you are infamous.
I just threw up in my mouth.
Bull crap
Dershowitz....just....go....away.  You really need to stop.  You're really starting to demonstrate symptoms of dementia.
And you have no credibility at all!
Either do you, but you still run your mouth here ....
That's because strange minds think alike
Seriously, you feel a need to retweet positive stories about yourself?
Obama failures has made the world including adumpster fire.looks at da police as tge enemy?THANKS OBAMA,Russia in Mid East?THANKS OBAMA

What they aren't telling you about Charlottesville. 

Via .@infowars 

…
Not true. With Obama North Korea stayed put.
This men is losing credibility.maybe 
Is dementia like trump
Your epic pettiness shines through. What. The. Fuck. Does. This. Mean. To. Fix. The. Problem.
LOL  LOL  BOY HAVE YOU LOST  IT  AL
Orange child has NO credibility. None.
#FoxNews has zero credibility. No one with common sense pays attention to this propaganda #FakeNews Common sense is making a comeback!!
Jeez I hate Fox News, I mean the propaganda network
You have 0 confidence, evidenced by EVERY frickin time you open your mouth you cut down someone so you feel better about your lame self!
Ｓｈｕｒｅ， Ａｌａｎ， ｔｈｅ Ｎｏｒｔｈ Ｋｏｒｅｎｓ ｂｅｌｉｅｖｅ Ｔｒｕｍｐ ｉｓ ｄａｎｇｅｒｏｕｓ。  Ｄｕｈ！
@realDonaldTrump @AlanDersh no

#delusional  #foxisfakenews
What brand are you smoking?
Dershowitz is a FOOL.
that is a down right lie keep defending wrong keep showing your asses unbelievable
when a crazy person threatens to do something crazy, it tends to be more credible. #Trumpocalypse
I have great respect for you @AlanDersh. Genius recognizes genius.
Dershowitz has turned into a laughingstock with his ridiculous arguments and comparisons. 
What is he getting out of this?
Of course your boot-licking sycophant praises you for hovering us collectively over the Caldera of WWIII.

Retweet if u agree @generalelectric should leave Trump's manufacturing council immediately.

#TheResistance #Resist
And Larry Parker has more credibility than Alan Dershowitz.
Yeah right!lol! The majority of the world is laughing @realDonaldTrump! Including North Korea! Stop kidding yourselves!
Y'all still stuck on Obama when it's clearly about Trump.
The only "news" channel that gives this idiot a speaker

I hope that our president does not reply with any further verbal threat.  As he has already issued a warning to North Korea against this.
#ImpeachTrump
Yeah, Dershowotz. the Israeli apologist

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
But WAY LESS with America! Obama was loved,  Trump is loathed! But then the comparisons are always trumps doing... jealous much?
u  must be feeling accomplished
Still trying to one up people... sad.
This is what you choose to retweet the day after media silence when presented the opportunity to denounce white nationalist extremism.
Apperently he also has more credit with the KKK and Nazis, but that's none of my business 
