You do realize people who have true confidence don't tweet other people's compliments about them?
This has nothing to do with your comment here but you might check out this video at 5 minutes and 50 seconds....
It has a list of who antifa counts as fascists including classic liberals and Libertarians now the link is so you don't take my word for it
Can you link me the video?  I'd love to see it.  :)

Sorry thought I did
Thank you!  Watching it now.
I just thought I'd warn you might get blindsided by these people for not being radical enough
Seriously? Your big braggart mouth is telling about the best things of this presidency. What a joke! Worst moron racist president ever!
The jury is out, Mr. President, but you should be aware that at least 68% of the American population thinks of your tenure as a disaster.
Where did you get these statistics? CNN? Haha so we're just making shit up now? Oops I mean, still?
Help Puerto Rico

You guys hate our president but guess what He is here. Hilary should be in jail same with Obama. You guys are asleep. How about all the Clinton crap? Yeah what I thought .
AMEN !!!
Even Donnie's delusions are delusional. @realDonaldTrump
Hah! https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=%23&ved=0ahUKEwiL8L-N59XWAhVGTSYKHQWMAdsQxa8BCCUwAA&usg=AOvVaw0VTJzWxrN8ZFOD4xbU2nov …
This book would make great kindling this winter. Also a great alternative to paper towels for pet accidents.
Put it where the sun don't shine
You probably won't read this . But the economy is going good. America is going great. I convinced all my family to vote for you. They did I have no regrets
Awesome Zay
Sir - are you saying you read this book?
Very insecure.. you should be.. no accomplishments, no real legislatiom and now we have to pay for that wall. #FakePresident

Your such a joke. Everyone is laughing at you, not with you. Sad that you have to pay people to show up at your hatefest rallies. Really Sad
örks
Your presidency is n abomination, will only be the best at hate, rhetoric, divisiveness, lies, distrust, blame @potus excels #fakepresident
Those who are truly great don't need to tweet how great they are. It's known.
You really are insecure...
Trump misreads a quote and a book cover, and thinks it is all about him.  Go figure.  nick Adams thinks you are going to be impeached.
Wow, maybe Clapper is right about u if you think u are going to have the best Presidency ever
Narcissistic ignoramus
@realDonaldTrump you dropped 20% in approval in Wisconsin in just 7 months. No politician has ever done that. Congrats. #LoserTrump
If this Nick guy said it, it must be true
Resign
"Why are you resigning president Trump?"

"Oh, I received a tweet from @raficlassy"

He's not going anywhere, enjoy!
That was a huge waste of $1000.00
Dreaming again donny boy?
No
Delusional.  Both of you.
The Government of the United States of America is a TERRORIST organization.
We will retake America when you are impeached soon.  Americans can't wait #LiarinChief #Resistance #Impeach #TRUMP
That's what this election was about!
Pahahahaha!
I thought Mexico was going to pay for that wall. What a liar.
"Best Presidency ever," said the worst President in US history.
Trump's constant self-praise is very disconcerting. That morning folder full of positive news getting thin?
No he's not he's just a troll on here everyday on every one of the presidents tweets!
Sad if best includes Russian collusion, racist Nazi & KKK rhetoric, and failed agenda that Congress does not support. #ImpeachTrump
#FakeNews

You are utterly delusional.
Resign
and
get
some
help.

Resign
and
get
some
help.

Resign
and
get
some
help.

Resign
and
get
some
help.

Resign
and
get
some
help.
Narcissists never seek treatment. N E V E R.
As a social worker, I'm unable to diagnose someone I've never assessed. As a private citizen, I can say with confidence that Trump is unfit.
He is either a talented and very consistent actor portraying an aging narcissist toward some unknown end, or he is in fact that.
Focus on Texas and #HurricaneHarvey, you pathetic excuse of a president!!!
OMG now I know you are crazy! Old man with Alzheimer's
Oh boy, if you truly believe that, you are delusional. #SteeleDossier
Resign.
Not a word about a major Hurricane bearing down on Texas?
Guess it doesn't affect you personally so...screw em!
Prayers for South Texas. Stay safe. And don't worry Donnie, you're doing a heckofa job. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Best served cold......
It's been fun so far watching the media & Congress clutching their pearls and fainting on couches. Keep up the great work, President Trump!

Has anyone looked at the write up for this book? It's right wing clap trap hailed by all the usual suspects.
FDR brought us out of the Great Depression and fought Nazi's. So far you are doing the exact opposite.
SMH. These embarrassing tweets will someday be in a history book. Along with all your lies and failures. 
You are a failed experiment. Sad.
They'll probably need to be multiple volumes specifically for all of the lies and bullshit.
And what drugs are Nick Adams using?  Obviously he is as demented as you!
Remember when America was normal? We had hard working Leaders who cared about American values
We need a hero to defeat the villainous Trump
America is a country that is representative of our forefathers.  You Mr. Trump are destroying everything they've created!
Stephen King (@stephenking) said it best....
When it comes down to it, America is being led by a man with a 7-year-old's intelligence and with a killer's demeanor!
I remember when the face of America was this man!  @BarackObama 
Those were the good 'ole days!
At least @realDonaldTrump isn't afraid to STAND UP & DEFEND OUR RIGHT'S AND OUR COUNTRY! @BarackObama he let EVERYONE RUN OVER HIM & THE USA
Even the Statue of Liberty knows that tearing down historical monuments is wrong!
Nick Adams: Australian by birth; Texan by appointment; American by choice. Idiot by some kind of congenital defect!
Nick Adams, "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps be...
no president is the best..
Hope Our PRESIDENT DOES NOT SIGN ANY DACA OR DREAMER ACT...GET THE BORDER WALL BUILT FIRST. THEN 2 for 1 deport parents kid in college stays
Remember your promises.
AMEN !!
Is discouraging though when it seems GOP is not backing you like they promised when we elected them.
Definitely. One of the best. #GeorgeWashingtonCrossingTheDelaware #FollowerofYeshua #MAGA
We are aware and agree with you Mr. President. We are with you. MAGA
Wow!!!
What drugs are you on because I want some.
When are you going to legalize cannibalism against Negroes, Jews and Sodomites? You and your base of Aryan savages want that, am I right?
I doubt it....
Your ego sir is so big.  Get over yourself and get the job done
@trump "this will be perhaps best presidency ever." Only if U enact single-payer funded by Ike's Progressive Tax; Otherwise: Worst. @AP @CBS
#Traitor #PutinPlant #RussiaGate #FuckYou #ImpeachTrumpPence #MuellerTime #Prison.
Well, Nick Adams is either an idiot or smart enough to know that he'll sell books being the only ones with that message. @NickAdamsinUSA
Your best friends are slowly being removed influenced by the media the swamp is getting to u, is kelley part of the swamp,Brutus is in
An epic disaster threatening the state of texas. Nice to know your focus is on your self.  #Narcissist
This will be the best presidency ever.... we just need to figure out a way to stop all the lying media.
There was a typo ment worst of the worst
Keep smokin' that crack pipe, Don! Your party is about to get really beautiful!
Someone really needs to adjust your meds. You're too delusional for your own good. They need to take your Twitter account at the same time.
You have a long way to go still before you can safely say you have that title. Please consider repeal of the unconstitutional NFA laws.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Delusion is a great thing mr. president
No more mask of "decency";
Nowhere left for thee to hide.
Soon shall JUSTICE bring to thee
The downfall of thy hellish pride.
#ImpeachTrump
and everything. She’s totally changed her look.Yeah, that’s her, with the gold. I’ve got to use some Tic Tacs, just in case
lololol. Best presidency ever with a 35% approval rating?? 2 thirds of the country hates your guts! 67% think you're dishonest! 70% unfit!!!
That is fake news!
Does anyone even remember that your son and son-in-law were caught trying to collude with #Russia ? Let's report some more on that story.
I'm just over here hoping it won't be the last presidency ever.
Keep telling yourself that, can't wait for your excuses as to why you "didn't need a second term"
LOL god i think most people will be pleased if this presidency ends without civil war.
Worst POTUS in history. Hands down. Resign now before you humiliate yourself even further. #unfit #minorityPOTUS #illegitimate #25ththe45th
agree
Obama's tweet had more likes than yours.
Especially if it's your last and you compare it to...
Sam Adams: "Worst president since before there were presidents, and I know because I was here."
God continues to Bless you and that's what the weaklings can't stand.
Absolutely! Spot on! #WhereTheKabbalaCameFrom, #WhatIsBehindPedogateRituals, #Kabbalah, #Pedogate PleaseWatchSubRT
Thank you Mr. President!! #MAGA
It already is, at least in my lifetime.
@SebGorka should not have gone. He's needed as a voice in inner circle. You've got leftists only, open up the circle again w. right ppl.
Obviously the EARLY SYMPTOMS of IMMINENT OUTBREAK of your ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE are long over. SO BIGLY SAD. RESIGN!
PRESIDENT FOR LIFE!!!
why are you even there? your the worst potus that's EVER BEEN ELECTED
Yeah ok we will see after you start ww3 and bankrupt the country.
What would those things be? Other than the VA work, nothing that helps me or the economy.
I thought W was the worse president ever. You are far and beyond W. You are hateful and spiteful and have no proper leadership skills.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha bah ha ha ... wait .. you're serious?????
Yes, that's what megalomaniacs say.
I doubt it Mr. Underwood.
Do u EVER stop congratulating yourself? You're making history for sure. The worst & most divisive POTUS of all time. That I can tell you.
It already is.
Worst
Hahahahahahaha. This presidency? Hahahahahaha!
Do tell. We're waiting for the secrets we must all be missing.
The best thing about this presidency will be when it's over.
Has the potential to be on the very top level, taking in the odds adversity, & state of the country he most of them beat.
#delusionsofgrandeur #notfitforoffice #myhubbyisashrink

In your own mind
Aha hahaha the best thing about this presidency is when it's over
So he's crazy too?
Definitely not the best presidency ever, but certainly the most hateful, divisive, and incompetent administration ever! #Impeach45
It is just not all about you.
DT : there will always be someone you could find in some corner of the world to justify your pathology.
Worst ever
Your a joke your the only one with the claim "best presidency ever" lol.......
Best presidency? I think not. One of the most divisive? Definitely. You are not the LEADER OF THE FREE WORLD. Shame.
Quite arrogant to grade your own performance.
Drugs are bad.This is the worst most embarrassing presidency ever.As a republican.I may never vote republican again.The lot is a disgrace.
President Trump, I apologize I thought complaints re: media just hot air. In review seems media=Trump baiting=ratings=bias. Sincerely Sorry
Guess that is why 3 million more of us voted for Hillary, and your approval rating is 33%...
How's that, haven't seen any thing outstanding yet other than you putting white supremacy and Russia first!
My God, you're insecure.
The worst, you are the worst, ever.
You only tweeted this bc you know that no one believes there's even the tiniest possibility this will be the best presidency ever
Do you really believe the things you say?
You are so arrogant. Show a little humility for a change.
..........
Yes
Dude, if the only publicity you rely on is from yourself, maybe it's time to accept you're a lying, incompetent, despicable sack of garbage?
You're too kind!
You are out of your flippin mind
I agree.
I just got sick.
Thanks I needed a laugh this morning
You do realize that everything you've done so far won't be apparent until 2018 and everything occurring now is due to the previous president
Hahaha! Liar in Chief.. You are deplorable and the majority of this nation did not vote for you!!!
Lol yea ok
Interesting
sadly all the bad things you do are making head limes...racist Joe? Really? ¿°√£[℅cofefe??¿
Not if you keep McMaster & give Kelly too much control!
Disillusion you!! 8 months in and you are the WORST fool in the WH EVER. Liar, corrupt, cheated your way in, contemptible, ego-manic.
WHAT EXACTLY have U DONE?

GOLFDOESN'T COUNT

Signing EO ISN'T passing a LAW!

IF U REALLY had EDUCATION u'd UNDERSTAND
Delusional
Best ever for racists
Do you even realize that you are a PSYCHOPATH? I mean really? I feel so sorry for u, u don't comprehend the level of ur psychosis
Keep telling yourself that, Donald, but you will be remembered wirh disdain and derision for all of your horrific actions
You are so delusional.
You need to change the channel. They have this thing called a remote. General K needs to get a v-chip on your TV & regulate what you watch.

You are insane
I wouldn't piss on you (or this book) if you were on fire.
Aww...does our little baby president need someone to say nice things about him? As a horrible orange person would say, "sad."
You sound like a circus barker, Mr President.
Why don't you let ' we the people' make that call?
You keep drinking that Coolade man...chug away. 
