
Omg I can never un-see that!! Thanks for the nightmares dude!!


How's that working out for ya @realDonaldTrump now that it's 10/21/17 and you've not passed any significant policies. EO's don't count.
It's actually hilarious how badly you're trying to ruin healthcare for everyone else
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great vic...
"Great victory for the people" - Translation: bankruptcy from crushing medical bills and suffering and early death for all.
Sockem' a new one
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#DrainTheSwamp of the #obstructionist @MaxineWaters
Looks like Barry to me.....or is that Aunt Esther?
The Republicans can only be victorious "for the people" if they ban together with the Dems to #Impeach your sorry Administration...
Yes, repeal.  When the reality sets in, the GOP will die.
We all fail with you. 
How are the Dems obstructionist? Do you know what obstruction means?

You are delusional. You are a bully. Can't wait for your departure. There will be a revolution
Your ignorance is stupifying! Dems can't be obstructionists, you twit! They are in the minority!!
#WorstPresidentEver #LIARINCHIEF
#RESIGN
a great victory for the people will be the 4th failure of this bullshit health (we don't) care plan.
Make that 19 tweets. You may hold the record for most pointless display of cravenness ever exhibited by a President.
24 hours
17 tweets

These tweets have everything:

…
This is what happens when you call out members of the free press: your followers call for murder.
#TuesdayThoughts
If you've ever wondered what the manifestation of Trump screaming "lying media" and "fake news" would be...
@Mary_Johanssen
@kim 
Did you seriously use your 11-year-old son, Barron Trump, as a political shield?

You are the biggest f'ing coward.

#TuesdayThoughts
He's so sick!! Poor Barton will have to live all this down.
A great victory is millions thrown off health care?
The President is to protect all citizens not divide them. Of course you are illegitimate so I guess you don't count.
But on another subject, how are you liking the reviews on your BSA speech? POS!

If by "the people," you mean the Mercer's, Koch's, Trump's, and other plutocrats in the billionaire class.
Also, one can't "obstruct" if one is not invited to craft legislation in the first place. Stop w/ your Newspeak, already
This is nothing but a death knell to poor people, but you never understood them anyway. Born with silver spoon in mouth.
Deregulation kills. Regulations exist to guard people. What you do is dismantle protections to kill the poor.
In his world they benefit his wealthy friends. He gets that!
All disease must cure by doing God worship but who is God
Must read
#Gyan_Ganga
http://www.jagatgururampalji.org/click.php?id=101 …

No
Nope. Your Presidency is over.
YOU'RE @POTUS YOU KNOW THE FAILURE THST IS #Trumpcare.
Remind Congress they are PUBLIC SERVANTS!!!!  What is mandated by them for Americans, they SHOULD HAVE TO ABIDE BY ALSO!!!!!!
TrumpCare will ruin millions of lives to give tax breaks to the wealthiest. Democrats are fighting for Americans. They keep America Great!
You are trying to steal health care from millions, including vets. Shameful.
We the people know you are trying to score a win at all costs - no concern for consequences or harm to working families
He helping restore whole country. Vets need jobs not hand outs or free ride.
The Republicans not supporting the healthcare Bill are Dems in disguise
Trump already LOST 2020 is incompetance is already showing his lies will be less and less effective  by 2018 peoples will want you out

Then why are most Americans against TrumpCare? Why is Obamacare so popular? Get your head out of Fox New's ass.

Defeat Trump's Deathcare!
Bullshit ..
You are insane
No.
Stop influencing republicans by your numerous tweets this is not democracy #goodsaveamerica
The biggest victory will be when you're no longer in office.  Sir.
"You're WH" is full of leaks. Stop tweeting, get to work. Testify on Russia collusion. If nothing happened you have nothing to worry about.
Obstructing what??? You haven't passed one single bill. Not one!
Prov.11.14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is #safety.

All Russia investigations should be BANNED, until healthcare is passed
There was no Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign. If you want to find collusion, look at Hillary's Campaign
Sessions claimed Russia meeting on campaign expenses. Discussed campaign and US sanctions.
Flynn. Met with Russian officials. Discussed sanctions.
Kushner, Manafort, Trump Jnr. Met with Russians while seeking intel on opposition candidate in Presidential election.
There are too many links just for this to be coincidence.
Except the 21 million 'people' who will lose healthcare obv
It's actually 23 million now and climbing Ben. Trumpcare would be a total humanitarian crisis.
We the American people deserve better than to lose access to our healthcare. The rich get richer while the poor get sicker.
It is heartbreaking as a doctor to see our president strip healthcare from the most vulnerable people in our country.
And for what? To make his Goldman Sachs cabinet members richer? The same guys who destroyed our economy in 2009?
This is like a sick movie and the Republicans are just standing around clueless and spineless. They need to be held accountable too!
The Republicans are Trump's biggest enablers.
Yes Dani. And we the people need to make them fully and 100% accountable in the midterms.
#MAGA
She is a complete idiot!!!! I loved LOVED watching her face when AMERICA VOTED FOR TRUMP!!!
But America voted for Hillary.
USA is a union of states that put forth electors proportional to their populations. The USA voted for Trump.
No, electors are not proportionalto their states population since Clinton won the popular vote. You have an elderly system that is...
Per state, 2 Senators plus a number of Representatives proportional to population. Plenty of scenarios in which popular vote loses.
Erm all this coming from a party that is historically obstructionist. Oh yeah, and you lost
Here is a PREDICTION...

The Republicans Will Be Obstructionists as well...

Trumpcare is a FAILURE

PERIOD!
You've got it all wrong. Better BIGGER HC and FREE! Remember I promised it would be free!! If it isn't any of that it's not my fault.
Dems Obnstructionists? Where have you been the last 9 years?  Remember the "Party of No?" Remember who shut down the Gov't in 2013...Repubs.
LEFTY HATERZ, CRY BABIES CHILDISH HATEFUL INSULTS 24/7 CAUSE THEY LOST THE ELECTION.  THEY LOVE PC CULTURE, MORE REGULATIONS, SOCIALISM
Sike
Another failure
You're the obstructionist. As in obstruction of justice. The noose is tightening.
Keep telling Americans that the dems oppose this. Idiot.
Quit calling Dems obstructionists!  They are not!  LIAR     #ImpeachTrump
well that didn't work out.
People of America, do you agree that any healthcare bill they press on us should be their healthcare also? Think they are rewriting theirs?
FYI, you might want to take down that pic of the boy scouts, since you totally humiliated yourself w that speech. Best not to remind folks.
The Republicans, your party, control the House & the Senate & still you lose. Your whole world is out of control. Loser on ACA & Russiagate.
Seems your republicans are doing quite a bit of "obstruction" too. Maybe they know something you don't? How to act human?
Sticks n stones break my bones u calling me names will never hurt me
I call b.s.again. Republicans hold the majority. True many are jumping shill with you in office. They know what your doing is wrong. Smh
It is not obstructioning Sir. It is voting for what is good for the people. Your idea of health care will kill many people including me!
At least Democrats know there is NO CAPITAL C in the word healthcare!  Ridiculous
not for me as you take my healthcare away
Nasty, dangerous, selfish rich people trying to take healthcare away from the most vulnerable. Really not something to be proud of.
I'm disappointed. We have the house, senate, and WH.. and a  bill to strip health care from millions of Americans?? #NOTVICTORY
Lol talk about fake news
You're like the bad men from stranger things and we're like 11 & the gang just tryna get some healthcare & not get fucked by the govt.
No, YOU are the obstructionist. Where is your replacement that you've had over 7 years to prepare? YOU FAIL!
#WednesdayWisdom #TakeBackControl of the #USA by Defunding the #Government and force the folks in office to DELIVER on their PROMISES!

#RepealPatriotAct
#RepealNDAA
#RepealObamaCare
#ReinstateSmithMundtAct…
They don't care because it doesn't effect them. @Scaramucci @SHSanders45 @POTUS #DrainTheSwamp
sooooooooo, ? they voted to think about it ??????????????? WOW
Continued HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE!
Trolls/followers assume that by "the people" you include them. You only include the 1% #maga #treason #UnAmerican .@SenMajLdr
Victory for Republicans means people suffer
No, Dems had no chance to participate so couldn’t be obstructionists—GOP is obstructionist because of intent to replace rather than improve.
You should have listened to Johm McCain's speech.  Enough with the retribution.  Stop the hollering, work together.
Jobs, wage gap, money in politics, better healthcare ... Start working for the people & stop whining. You were supposed to FIX things!
Congrats sir you can't do a thing unless you start doing it , you have primed the pumps

Health Care is killing
Yes! When they impeach!

By totally involving only Republicans, you have split the country. You don't give a fuck about healthcare, just being able to brag. Sad.
Thank you for fighting against the path to socialized medecine the dems put in place with Ocare

We don't want the Republican Healthcare!!!!!!!!! The Democratic party is trying to save lives. YOU are trying to make money!
Everything you say sounds so.... unintelligent. I'm embarrassed for you.
The only way there will be a great victory for the people is if you, Mike Pence and Paul Ryan all got into a horrific accident
How or Dems obstructionists when after 8 years Reps still have NO WORKABLE plan???
Don't let the #SchumerClowns get to you! #MAGA
WHY DO YOU INSIST ON BEING FAKE NEWS MR TRUMP?
You do realize the majority of the people on AHCA are republicans right?
Shame on you, Mr. President. You promised not to cut Medicaid, and now you cheer as it's gutted. Your voters will suffer and die.
this isn't a football game where you talk shit on ur opponent. This is the welfare of the people #getout #yourefired
Funny you should use the word obstructionist, what with being an obstructionist of justice and all
Wrong.
No victory for the people, only for you & your crooked cronies!  Shameful!!
Except fir the 22 million who lose coverage, the poor, the elderly and the sick
History will show u who the true obstructionists are... the GOP party of No
Aww. Poor Drumpf. You failed again. Is that because no one likes you?
no she's doing her job and not kissing your ass
You are absolutely the worst person ever.  Please delete you account.  Thanks.
So the past 8 years Republican obstructions and greed never happened?
Sad.
Fake
Deluded
Uninformed
Loser
Fraud
Charlatan
Snake-oil salesman
As usual, when you say something it is mere projection. You say what YOU are doing but try to blame it on the opposition.8 years but no plan
There is no "OBSTRUCTIONIST" plea when your party holds the majority in both houses Goofy...you're DESERVE lowest avg. approval rating EVER.
and the Republican party don't know what the hell they are doing!!! All they about is money and not people's  lives. All of you disgust me!
Yes !... if they do the right thing !!... work together!.. and back the President !!
...cooperation or conspiracy, especially in order to cheat or deceive others. hmmm so what you are saying Dems are doing is similar to...
Cud you please just pass away. It really would be better for everyone involved
Victory for who?  Do you know what you are selling? You want a win, what are you  winning?
Ops... another loss!
We put ya'll in there to get things done ,don't do it an we can put you out
How?  Ate they going to impeach you?  Yeah!!!!!
john mccann called for everyone to work together. You the obstructionist,
Could anyone in your office please explain what benefits your healthcare plan has for American citizens. Any benefit at all.
This is where you bring everyone together and talk to them about working together.... but I don't think you understand that concept.
Yeah, 'specially those 9 Reps that voted with the Dems. Oh wait, does that make them Dems now. DEMS ARE IN THE MAJORITY!!!
Dont you ever think its both parties.
Asked Ms. Liang  from China:Can you give me ＄100000000 ？
It was the Republicans who drew the line in the sand by obstructing Obama for 8 years. A taste of your own medicine, not so tasty is it?
The Democrats are trying to help Americans. You and the GOP are trying to screw us and give more to your rich owners. #Traitor #LiarInChief
Let's have a party in the Rose garden. You can set your coats on fire patting each other on the back.
Interesting that u think "the People" are defined as they were in 1776: exclusively wealthy white landowners. B/c everyone else is screwed!
I don't understand why you continue to cite the Dems as obstructionists when you have a majority.
Republicans have not been in favor of your healthcare up to this point.
The only victory will be for the rich.  But I forgot, they are the only people you care about!
You do know that over half the country identifies as democrats or liberals. Right?
Then "Dems"? Support a bi-partisan health care plan.  Republicans victory is for insurance companies and the 1%. Can't you see that?
Your are the worst thing to ever happen to this great country. Sad!
"And believe me, I KNOW obstruction! I am an expert on obstruction! I can obstruction bigly !!
Obstructionist.... what did Republicans do from 2014 to 2016?
The Dems are the ONLY ones in Washington looking out for the average American citizen. You think we don't know that? YOU are a horror.
T'as déjà pensé au suicide Donald?
You are killing ordinary citizens with your alternative and you don't care.  SAD!
Democrats don't have to obstruct! R's know #GOPCare is bad medicine and can't line up to support #Trumpcare!! #Resist #ResistGOPCare
For what people???? Your rich friends???
F u
Stop using Dems as excuse for not getting anything done. Reps have both houses, in case you're not aware!
ARREST YOUR OPPOSITION, GLORIOUS LEADER!!!!!
It's amazing you call something a great victory when you are turning the lives of up to 33 million upside down, some that may not survive.
@realDonaldTrump you should use the word "obstructionist(s)" very carefully right now
this definitely  applies to you now
You'll be responsible for the death and hardship of millions. Murderous serial killer, put that on your CV…even Hell won't take you.
Get off the toilet....and take a nap. You are the worst president....ever!!!
I know a word about 32 million people when I call you right now
@GOP is dead to me. New blood only. #NeverIncumbents Except Patriots who think like Trump.
The rich people!
I do believe the Republicans control the house and senate
The DEMS are concerned about Americans. Sorry you don't.
if you call taking away health care from millions of people a great victory, then  you need your head examined...
And you're an orange clown!
A narcissistic fraudulent buffoon orange clown who needs to resign
Ohio loves you
@realDonaldTrump they have nothing planned... stop thinking about yourself
The dems have been shut out of the process. GOP has the majority. Still you can't get anything passed.
Dems don't control the House,  the Senate or the white house.   You're leadership is a failure.
WHY is ONE tweet per day about health care bill not enough for you?
Ha. The first horrible Republican bill was crushed last night. We will crush all of them. The people want to keep the ACA.
You don't have a clue what is the bill
The Dems can't obstruct! Republicans control both Houses!
