Lies lies lies.
Yahoo! Nice chart Prez TRUMP,Thx for taking care ofU are the 1st Prez since Reagan that actually care about the stability of 
yea, the OBAMA boom is still going strong.  It must really piss you off that a better former president continues to bring life to the nation
Wow how can U b so clueless, hopefully someday you'll actually wake up to facts and wonder if you were hypnotized four 8yrs, I'm praying 4 U
Trump 45 because 44 was not working. Jobs Jobs Jobs. Trump delivers! God bless the 
Bot.. Ignorance is all you spew!!
Good job
OBAMA turned it around and you are benefiting from the outgrowth. It was OBAMA. You were NOT in office in 2015-16
But Trump had EO how many of O's crippling regs&paving the way for MAGA! Cause he knows what's needed 2 do so,he a business man for the ppl
Thank you @POTUS44
I think there's something in those Thai capsules you're selling that's making you go crazy 
I don't take them,
"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! ...
Mr President, I'm overly confident that twitter is not showing all your positive tweets,I keep seeing only negative, u need 2 build u own
JOBS JOBS JOBS JOB S JOBS JOBS JOBS. 
Holy cow!  Look what Obama did!  From the deep depths to break even, all with nonstop obstruction.  Great work Mr. President!!!
@POTUS Thank you Mr. President Trump, it's all because of you.
That's the way Mr. President! #DonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #MAGA #UnitedStates #bestpresidentever 
You were handed a very good economy from Obama. You can't take credit for this. Stop lying.
Yeah, shitty jobs
Thank you Obama!
When Obama was elected the Dow had slumped to 7,949.09, the lowest inaugural performance since its creation & left it at a bit under 20,000!
And I said to the Libs in my family,"Look ! This is MY President! He did this-and so much more!!!"So proud of you,President Trump!!!
Thank you very much for everything you have sacrificed for 'We The People'. You have achieved historic strides in 6 months.
God bless you.
Indeed
And what say you, you 31%?
Which is an effect of the Obama Administration and has absolutely nothing to do with you being in office
Look how the recovery is gradual and the actual "booming" follows linearly the path that @POTUS44 carved!
Wow @BarackObama was the worst thing that ever happened to this country. So glad he's gone!
Thanks Obama
Jobs  Not Prisons! Jobs Not Prisons
Please tell where they are, thousands of America been searching and cannot find one that pays more than the minimum wage.
JOb JoB JobS it'$ GoOD abOuT nOw i GuEsTIMatE

Yes Thank you Obama for your enduring economic policy!! Trump can only aspire to produce the results you have!!!!
#JoinAddress #MAGA
#FakeChart.  Did you have this made by the folks at Family Research Council?
Too bad the 2008 collapse was started by deregulation.  Reagan dismantled safeguards designed to address those controls and it took 30+yrs.
Thanks Obama! You're the best. 
too bad they're all part time or so low pay you can't survive on them
What about jobs for mortgage underwriters that find themselves not able to compete with people brought up with computers.
So weird how the upward trend started years before you were elected. Do you get access to a time machine as #POTUS? #TimeTravelTrump
The Obama economy I inherited continues to flourish. By proposing impractical changes that will never go anywhere, I'll preserve it.
Thanks Obama
THANKS OBAMA!
But you don't have gave anyone "JOB JOB JOB"
According to that chart. it gained 40 points under @POTUS44 and less than 20 points under @realDonaldTrump.
Yes.  Thank you to Obama's policy making skills.
You are so out of touch, I bet you are going to take credit for what the American people did under a better administration.
Don't worry the democrats or other winning party will reap the seeds of misery you have sown. We, of the U.S.A. will get through it.
That's just an extension of the trend that had started in 2009. 
Well done Barack!
Yeah, thanks to Obama 
oh ya its booming alright more like over 800.000 layoffs
good job dishonest don  worst president in history!
We just wish they weren't mostly low paying, entry level jobs. Need more skilled labor employment opportunities.
Shame you have nothing to do with this! You are a joke
This has NOTHING to do w/ DJT. Everything to do w/ the ecomony under @POTUS44.  @realDonaldTrump too stupid to understand that.
Boom Boom Boom, it wasn't You You You. We did it without you. It's called peace.  Ribbons at Oscars #iRemember #JugheadTrump ...
Stop lying to us
As usual, you say nada about 7.6M retail jobs lost with stores closing countrywide. Been to a mall lately? What are you doing about this?
We need for the Indian highly skill workers to give us back our computer jobs again. they don't belong here, they cannot steal our jobs.
Poker face keep playing your cards right. You got this Mr President 
So, I have to ask: what exactly have YOU done to produce this? Can you show that this isn't residual growth from the last administration?
you know that has nothing to do with you, right? You've literally not passed a single piece of legislation. This is hangover from Obama.
This graph shows Obama did a tremendously good job.  Groeth seems to level out in 2017. #Trumpcare #jobs #USA
Thank you! @POTUS
Thank you President Obama for turning the economy around!
It feels nice to surf on the wave of President Obama huh? You and I know you have done nothing while president, but but an embarrassment.
Yeah, those thousands of jobs held by Eastern Europeans.
1) Credit must be given to #obama since you haven't done jack legislatively or budgetarily. 
2) It's a bubble that will burst. 
#urwarned
Statistically, the trend has been identical over the years since 2011.  Are we supposed to give you a cookie for not capsizing things?
Keep dreaming TPUNK.
Dollar has been crumbling 8% since you took office. Dollars is a barometer of America's strength, and right now it is down, down, down.
lol what a joke Trump you are to funny.
GREAT JOB MR. PRESIDENT.  THANK YOU.  http://www.jamiepalumbo.com 
Hush little baby- dont say a word
So since 2012 jobs are better and better thanks to... Obama... the first months are only a reflect from Obama administration...
Thanks OBAMA!!
Yet hundreds are losing their jobs every day........ Russia ambassadors ring a bell??
happy that Obama put such an effort on employment now? The graph clearly rises during his time.
Way to go. Reduce poverty by giving people a chance at successful employment.aybe reduce the need for Medicaid too
I know who could use a job @Scaramucci hahahahahaha what a d bag!!
Thanks Obama!
Create TruSol Guardians Knowledge In All Homs StopPolitics&Rasicm Creat Labours Knowleg inAll Hom Chow Labour Creat Future Heritage In Yrs
U were not too solid on this facet of MINIMUM WAGE.   U should make a test case RE states rights to set min wage.
Ok, remember, it's jobs that dictate MINIMUM WAGE, not the FAKE COMPASSION.  More jobs COMPEL higher wage. Supply & demand
Tho a new #POTUS takes office on 1/20/17, he's bound by law to execute budget of previous POTUS. The 8th @potus44 budget=law until 9/30/17.
Trump - You do realise this was due to President Obama? Probably not!
Let's face it.   Trump's jobs are a farce. He's a liar taking credit from a real President; President Obama!
Good thing you haven't implemented any policy yet, so keeping it that way. 96 months of growth, none thanks to you.
It sure is!  Thanks, President Obama!
Thanks, Obama!
Thank you President @BarackObama! Your hard work and policies have paid off long term. Credit all goes to you!
Congrats on taking advantage of the labor market that your graph proves Obama set up for you

#NotMyPresident
1) What party was in power in that red zone when it tanked? 2) what ethnicity was the president during the period when it climbed back?
Open mouth and out comes the lies. Quit taking credit for everyone else hardwork! You have accomplished nothing you 
Thank God for Obama...you must be pissed that a black man kicked your ass in every aspect of the presidency
#fakenews
How can you imagine this has anything to do with you? You haven't  successfully passed any legislation. This is to Obama's credit. Residual.
Thanks, Obama!
We need think tanks on health care from the people not government politicians
All thanks to obama. Thank Obama for your inheritance trump. America and her allies all http://do.you  will never best him....ever.
Thats from Obama. You fire more than hire

Remember how getting elected makes you president the NEXT year?
Still riding on Obamas coat tails?
What did trump actually do for jobs?How has trump corrected what he called fake job #s 7 months ago?
Not to mention all the jobs your administration has made in the last seven months for the MSM! They should thank you for the job security!
Another week of Boom another MSM mistrial for Fake news & Trump tearing them to pieces !
 Obama is a Joke and a Failure and a TERRORIST!!
I am proud of my President!  I am proud and honoured  to b an American!   It's a great privaledge!
A deceptive chart worthy of FOX, not worthy of the WH. FALSELY makes it look like the massive job creation under BHO never happened.
MAGA!!!  Let's do it!  God bless America!
Good job Presidential Team!  Luv what u guys r doing ..finally we're seeing some action and not talking..
Keep us moving forward!!
Preent form highly intelligent Negro to Dunce FAKE POTUS.  Makes U green with envy Negro could pass a few laws. RACIST FAKE POTUS envious.
And Americans need hope everywhere, that's the ultimate message. And not the deceptive false hope of the 8 yr dem de/oppression disaster.
JOBS JOBS JOBS
Thanks Obama!
You're killing jobs through your presidency, no one wants to live here anymore
I hate you man.
You do realize this graph just shows how Obama inherited a mess and how he helped fix it? This graph in no way reflects on you, just on him.
Pure manipulation and lies.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell Kushner Sessions Devoss and
Its thanks to a great leader like you!   Thank you
Looks like someone was doing a good job around 2011
@POTUS boom creating  out of thin air.  At keast obama  created  real  paying  jobs
Thank you Mr President. You are the Greatest President this country has ever had. Facing all the SWAMP CREATURES from both sides. Bless you

Thanks to intelligent Negro OBAMA  He no FAKE POTUS. Left this as a gift for the Dunce. OBAMA deserves credit. & U know it! Pissed Off, eh?
#retailproblems @Sears @Kmart @BestBuy #layoffs #storeclosings #lostjobs
For the last 8 yrs Rep pundits call Obama a failure on economy.  Now Trump in 6 months a job creator.  His own graph says bullshit. #trump
@POTUS44 should have spent more time learning job creation 101, and less time on Jimmy Fallon!!
@POTUS44  look at the horrible job you did for American job market. If people don't have jobs, you can't have an economy! Learn Econ 101!
Obama had 75 months of straight job growth.  Broke all records! U r welcome
Thumbs Up Sir
Jobs--Jobs ,,where....?? Keystone Pipeline dead, and it's million jobs.,Trump screwed up again.. Carrier starting to move 650 jobs to Mexico
How about removing the entry age limit for #federal #employment #jobs @FoxNews @DHSgov @mike_pence @WilburRoss @FoxNews @USOPM #MAGA
THANK YOU, OBAMA
Lies, lies, lies!
Thanks Obama!
Yes. Thanks to the leadership of the Obama administration, we have made great gains in the labor market.
I can't believe your country that you are currently destroying can't spell Labour correctly.
BS, BS, BS!
Obama really did an excellent job. It must be nice to ride on his coattails.
You framed that little picture. Your son drew that? I mean, Barron, not your criminal son, crooked D Jr
Truth is that German govt subsidized imports are so cheap that American companies can't compete! #MadeInAmericaWeek
Germans pump billions into their car companies to make sure that BMW's in USA are $12,000 cheaper than in Europe to destroy US jobs! #Trump 
Blow,Blow,Blow!
Long live H.E  Donald J.Trump
You are taking credit for Obama's policies. #sham
Who gave you this fake chart @KellyannePolls? We have been adding jobs since March of 2010!!   #alternativefacts #deleteyouraccount
People not being able to buy proper food costs billions in health care
Time to pay people a decent working wage! They work 2 jobs and longer hours than you do
thanks to you the US ecomony is booming
Ha - this is proof that Obama cleaned up the mess that Bush left him.
It is not the worker's fault that the owners are not happy with millions but greed requires billions while your workers can't buy food
You need to create middle class jobs. Not just jobs that require food stamps food banks and handouts
Double walmarts employess to 2 million and you will have less unemployment  and still worthless welfare working poor
Can I get a job too,. Like I wanna make sum mmulah.
Where , where, where?  Not the America of maga fame?
Yes Don, Obama set it up pretty nice for the jobs to grow as expected.  3% just like every other 2nd quarter.
Penis
@CityRichmondVA needs help great city.
Tell ivanka to bring back her mfg from China to the USA
Rome was not built in a day... in only a few months time and that rate of turn around?!... It is amazing!
You had NOTHING to do with it!
Yes, thanks to the foundation put in place under the previous administration. Stop taking credit for shit you didn't do. #youfucker
RICO RICO RICO
Where?
Amazing that he thinks he is the cause of the successful job market. There's a clear upwards trend from Obama taking office 
thanks @BarackObama  let's pray @POTUS doesn't sink what the Dems established
If we go into another rescission, it's going to be worse than the Great Depression with this man.
Continues to bloom off president obama successes! Not yours. Why? None of your bills have passed  people can see thru this admins lies
At same rate it was "Booming" during the last 4 years of Obama's presidency. In 4 years, if it's still happening, THEN you can take credit!
Looks like the exact same trajectory the job market has been on since 2011 , good work @BarackObama
Thanks to OBAMA!
Thanks Obama!   Release your taxes
Yes! Thank you #PresidentObama! Chart clearly shows results of Obama stewardship. How long will it take @realDonaldTrump to bankrupt us?
The only "JOBS" you're creating are golf caddies Shitgibbon
