...   facing team Obama and Hillary Clinton. So they rolled out their last hope, Federica Wilson 
Did you ever follow the news, or was it just fashion? Smart looking doesn't mean they're smart. What was Obama's job before his presidency?
He was a propped up senator. Bought and paid for by Soros.  He never achieved anything before then.
Someone hit a nerve...
We have our eyes open and will vote out Dems in 2018 
MEET THE CORRUPT DEMOCRAT MAFIA
Exactly couldn't say it better myself
Yes, we do!  You are completely unqualified for the office you hold.  NO compassion, class, intelligence or finesse!
You are completely blinded by President Trumps accomplishments and His realistic actions for our Country!
Name one that is good for the common man or woman
She won't be getting back any time soon.
They never do.
Do tell, loser!
I am still waiting for you to tell me one good thing he has done for the common man or woman.  You silence speaks volumes.
I got nothin...

Alan, Do you sometimes forget to breathe?
Kelly I never forget but often struggle to , with all this smoke coming from the left ,  I'm just singing out loud
Smoke from the left? Surely you meant right?
Surely your not on the deck of the titanic ! Singing the unsinkable song ??  The left is on fire  and it's powered by uranium fuels
Got any proof of this?
Grow up and apologise for the misunderstanding
This is a Congresswoman? She looks like a cowboy. No class and clearly no shame
so you are re-tweeting your own Russian "eagle pundit" bot? Sad. You have no real friends here in the real USA. Collusion !
Russia.
@RealEagleBites yes, many people are saying this...
Why would Trump cover $430,000 of staffers’ legal fees in Russia probe? Ummm...hush money? Ask Paul Manafort 
Yep..so enjoy your last days in the white house.
Yeah. You lied. Then Kelly lied. Then Huckabee Sanders lied. And Lara lied. We get it. Trump administration = lying liars who lie.
Exactly what people? The uneducated ill informed few who form you 32% base?
It is getting easy to expose the evil agenda. God is faithful and true to his promise. We'll see and laugh at his calamity.
Miss you @BarackObama!
This is what’s going on!! 
I love when you retweet bots
You make petty people look gracious
The people may get it, but you sure as hell do not, Donald.
This is the best the democrats have to offer... 2018/2020 is going to be easyyyy!
Crooked Hillary needs to be locked up! Everyone go sign Roger Stones petition!

Define irony: Trump making fun of what sits atop someone’s head.
Yeah, that you're insensitive and more so incompetent.
Impeach
Yeah people get that you are as helpless as a turtle flipped on it’s back. That you are a classless Buffon, who’s ego leads your daily life.
Can’t you ever just stop?

Demonicrats R sinking fast
What a Bad Joke
We absolute get it.  You are continuously trying to distract from your criminal wrongdoings by screaming and yelling about others. #ITMFA
Don't worry about them. We will protect you! #MAGA
Did your father not love you
yes they do! Your involvement with Russia and the cover up that goes with it. Just go play golf.
Oh, we get it alright.  You need mental health care, and immediately.
Trump, you are a petty, small minded, unfit,  drama queen, embarrassment to this country. Divider and chief!
Sad..
Let's respect the fallen soldiers!
Come on already!  Stop politicizing this horrible thing that happened in Niger!  This should be about the soldiers killed, not about @BarackObama
Please stop making this about you and Obama.  This is disrespectful to the soldiers who were killed in Niger.  Let the parents mourn, and stop dragging this ridiculous argument and narrative out any longer!
You can't criticize this congresswoman when it is you won't won't simply let this argument fade away and die.  This is disrespectful and it shows how large your ego really is.  THIS ISN'T ABOUT YOU!!
You have all morning to do things that could benefit this country and instead you elect to continue hurting the parents of deceased soldiers by dragging a public argument out as far as you possibly can.  Drop it already and the story will die!
You are showing signs of narcissistic behavior disorder!  You need to make everything about your ego.  This isn't about your ego.  It's about American heroes who died fighting for this country.  A country you refused to defend when you got out of the military.
The Congresswoman is at it again
They get what is going on. You're trying to distract from a failed presidency that has threatened our alliances, emboldened our adversaries.
You are hip-deep in ties to Russian oligarchs. It's only a matter of time until Mueller's investigation brings the whole picture into focus.
It's strange...I never felt an alliance with someone strictly based on whether their skin was the same color as mine.
Me either.

I Had This Feeling All Along !  I Do Believe That Obama Will Stop At Nothing To Try & Bring Trump Down & America As Well !!   God Bless You
Actually, Don, we DO get what is going on. You are a shameless, insensitive and self-promoting grifter who has no idea how to serve America.
To much DemoRats
Workers of darkness!  They shall falter!!!
We get that you are racist, and hate Black people. You don't have to keep waving red flags, we see you. We understand how you think and it's deplorable. There is no place for it here.
Go to racist Russia, learn to drink vodka.
THEY SURE DO AND YOUR A LOSER FROM THE WORD GO: TRUMP BORN WITH A GOLDEN SPOON AND DON'T KNOW HOW TO HANDLE EMPATHY FOR OTHER PEOPLE
U need to get rid of Obamas holdovers who report to him and stop expanded spying obama allowed by nsa


cultural ignorance-  the two have the brain power of a baby at conception!
Omg if only we could all be as smart as you!!! You just made, like, the whole internets way better with that genius photo and post....
If I see 1 more color-coordinated hat on Wilson,I think I’ll be sick!NOW,HERE’S WHAT A REAL STETSON LOOKS LIKE & WHO LOOKS GREAT IN IT!
Are you really defending trump based on your opinion of who looks better in a cowboy hat? He was right about shooting someone on 5th Ave...
He was. 
Hope he understands with no restrictions, we all got one.
They make me sick with their transparent hatred of you Mr. President.
What’s that? You trying to distract any way you can from the Trump/Russia story? Mueller’s coming.
For those spreading it :
Republicans win again big time with Fredicka Wilson's insane ranting.  She is the perfect face for the Democrats going into 2018 elections!
Yes we do!
https://www.amazon.co.uk/We-Spoke-Whispers-nothing-theres/dp/1549707728/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1508674881&sr=1-1 …
Yes, they do, you're an incompetent moron flailing around trying to blame anyone but yourself for your failing presidency. Sad.
You are taking away MY rights as an American citizen! All while allowing American terrorists to walk the street and kill folks.
Man, would you please stfu with irrelevant issues and concentrate on “making Amerikkka great again? You act like a child at times 
Yeah, we do.. you are totally  out of your mind.
But do you get what is going on, most of the time NO!
Yeah we know what's going on. YOU LIE!!!!!!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/gerald.bogard/posts/10209691339391335 …
@RealEagleBites boy are you paranoid
What a pair, the only one missing is Watters from California!
?????

my question is this: why would obama lie? he;s not running for or from anything
Yea, loser, we totally get what's going on...
Especially Mueller
Sad that you attack family & friends grieving the loss of an outstanding young man of their community. Some day you might need friends, sad.

Like a Rhinestone Cowgirl, you know what they thing before they open their mouth.
So does Mueller, tiny dotard.
Yes we do, and we're looking forward to the outcome #25thAmendmentNow
THE JACK ASS AND THE BOZO IN THE HAT
Two clowns.  Such a distraction, they think!
Yes they do and Robert Mueller needs to STOP harassing the people who worked on the campaign and STOP trying to bankrupt them 
Yes, many people are saying, just about everybody is saying that 45 is lying. Sad.
People do get what is going on. 

Repent. It's not too late.

#AmericaFIRST #StopPutin #Justice
Some of us get it, others are still disillusioned.

@RepWilson HERE is the definition of empty barrel. It means all talk, no substance-not racially based. Plato and Shakespeare used it often
Hey the election is over. Maybe you could try to act remotely presidential. Wishful thinking. I know

Yes, people get that you lie about everything.  How can we trust you?
How did this ASS HAT get elected in the 1st place? (Voter Fraud?)
I've noticed that when a circus needs time to organize, they send in the clowns...
Yes, people do get what's going on. And hopefully enough people will get the fact that you're a complete failure before 2020.
I dig that record too but I’m sorry to tell you that’s not a picture of Marvin Gaye. #fraud #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
Donnie can you explain why your so jealous of President Obama, is it because you will never have what he has?
Yep... The “shiny object” syndrome....
Obama ought to be proud to be next to you. Good job.
@RealEagleBites 
That's right. We're on to you.
So is Robert Mueller.
We get it-- you don't like Blacks or Hispanics or Puerto Ricans or poor people or women you can't feel up.  #POTUS   #BlackLivesMatter
WATCH! Barack Obama Is Trying to Get This Video SILENCED! He Doesn’t Wan... https://youtu.be/gUxwQHu4qxQ  via @YouTube
only ppl with a brain do, anyway.
We sure do. What's going on is you and Kelly are liars that seriously need to stop bullying people and get a life off of Twitter.
We sure do.  You have no respect for a Gold Star family.  Wilson called you out.  You lied and so did your general.
You have no respect for anyone do you? Proving that you truly are a man child willing to hurt anyone to make yourself feel good. Sad 
#Trump2020ElectionSlogans
People get you are an imbecilic f&$ktard who needs to get the hell out of the way.
You are the man President of these United States Donald J Trump

God bless and keep you strong
Scraping that barrel aren’t they?!?
They certainly do we see your bigotry and racism and foolishness a mile away
Wilson & Barack are educators-while you are idiotcator that teaches distorted moral values,misspellings, scams, stiffing people & treachery.
the African Kenyan Obama needs to be deported to Africa. stop the  welfare check for $250,000 per year  for the parasite.
Are you retweetng a Russian bot?
Honey, the election is over. By the way – you didn't win the popular vote.
Really, should study why electoral college exists..
It should be eliminated.
Oh we get it alright. Loud and clear.
I am so glad when I served & shot that you weren't the commander & cheif. While you were using false deferments we were serving our country
again... let it go.... You were and are #WRONG
so dey plan d death of d soldier. Hope some people r not about to support trump on dis.  need to grow up sir ND face reality.
Yes, you're fleecing our country. Though you were going to lower the National deficit. That's not happening. In fact, It's up 1.8 trillion.
Whatever you say is delusional

BY THE WAY.. PLS ALSO ARREST MR BROWN IN CALIF..  TALKE ABOUT SEDITION!.. COME ON!!
You bet we do
Great. Our president is now retweeting misspelled insults. Where's the Sunday #daycare shift?
Yeah you hate black and Brown and any other color except yours. Wait...You only care for orange people.  My bad
YES WE DO !!!
OBAMA-YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DR, YOU CAN KEEP YOUR PLAN, YOUR PREMIUM WILL NEVER GO UP, IS A LIE
Yes, people with brains and integrity get that you are a disgusting, lying, stupid POS!
What are you replying to? There’s no feed along with the remark
Ppl get it. And so does the President. And yet nobody is doing nothing' factual.

Can u go 1 day without mentioning Obama or r u so green with envy cause hes beloved even more than ur hated? Show some restraint if possible
They rolled out an idiot, and not to mention a clown
This is a Breitbart page that you're quoting from...a fascist twitter accnt. Lets be real,u could care less abt LaDavid & his grieving widow

Can't wait until you are in jail, liar. Big, huge, FAT liar. Lazy golfing liar. Bullying, bankrupting LIAR. Grifting, orange liar. IMPEACH!
Keep trying to deflect. It will all come out in the end and you know it.
Oh we most certainly do get what is going on. You are destroying our country. Worst president ever.
THE ULTIMATE DIVERSION.
What a stupid sideshow....
Please respect my president Obama
Wake up, it's 2017... @POTUS   is Donald J TRUMP! YAY! Respect him & have a great day!
https://youtu.be/hqc-xMv4mMU 
Pure evil in the White House is what is going on. Pure evil.
Well hopefully the sanctimonious scumbag when she's drunk one night takes her car wraps it around a tree because she's a Despicable dushbag
Obama needs to stop stirring all the pots of poop and some many citizens being so dumb to be influenced by the ANTICHRIST OBAMA
While we may have fake news you are a fake President.  A Real President loves all Americans not just whites  which I happen to be.

About the Russian colusion story: tell me more about the Uranium bribery from Russia to Democrats
Yes, that you are a liar in chief.  What does it feel like to be so disrespected you loser?
this account you retweeted it is full of lies and is from a tweet warehouse ..... stop spreading hate and lies
You are why we #takeaknee
You have the power to go after Hillary & the OB crowd. Why don't you allow charges to be brought up on all the email issues & now uranium ?
sure do.A distraction from #UraniumOne
So what do YOU think is going on???? What do you think we “get”? I am not sure what you are getting at here with this statement.
You know you're desperate when Federica Wilson is your last hope!
You fumbled the football! Again!
Yes, that you're a corrupt traitor and you and your regime are going down!
#TraitorTrump
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#TrumpResign
looks like the lone cowgirl has lost her trusty sidekick poco
Clowngresswoman
