...@realDonaldTrump 
I went down to the garage. I forgot my keys. I went back and got them. I went back to the garage. I drove to the store.
You should do that every 20 minutes and we can just watch as he explodes.  t minus 14 days and counting.
...@Viperwoman66 
I went to the bathroom.
We were out of toilet paper.
I sat for 20 minutes, fuming.
Then I called housekeeping.
It snowed today. I shoveled the driveway. I went back inside.
There ya go ...but you should add @realDonaldTrump because he should know how supportive we are of daily diary....er, diarrhea
Bijou, you are right. @realDonaldTrump Asked kids to take their showers. They did.
Atta girl!  Keep them coming!!
great let us know your next bathroom break too. 
Who cares?
No one cares.
Maybe she came over to discuss your long azz ties and unbuttoned jacket..
@thomasmusgrove1 I'm just really sad you won, because I was promised a taco truck on every corner if you didn't.
Of course! What else could we do but eat tacos if he lost? 1/2
trumps Hispanic advisor threatened that if Hilary won, wed see taco trucks of every corner
Oh. Well, maybe the legals can make taco trucks!
Who the effing cares when there is so much else happening? Lying traitor
@nytimes WTF? Don't you have official work to do vs.hawking your properties to a magazine? Clear conflict of interest
do you really think we care that you are meeting with the editor of a fashion magazine?????? WTF
So we can expect you on the cover of Vogue? Will you be in Valentino or Karl Lagerfeld?  Dear gawd what else must I endure
How nice for you to have a friend. Perhaps we can arrange a play date if you are a good boy and attend your job briefings.
Just so you understand, THAT won't be the intelligence briefing.
Go POTUS Hillary would have passed out by now if she tried to do half of this.
God, you love typing-out 'Trump Tower,' don't you?
It would be really great if you stopped meeting with friends and started meeting with intelligence.
- oops...looks like this was supposed to go in your outlook calendar.
What a hard hitting journalist!  Forget nyt,  wsj,  AP or any credible news outlet. FASHION AND TRAVEL BABY!
Meeting with that serpent? I thought she committed suicide after Hillary loss.
Gosh, you can make time for this, but not the PDB?  I thought you "don't care" about the business!? #ConflictsOfInterest
I thought you were just a narcissist con man, but now I realize you're just sick

I understand.I’ll keep my fingers crossed.Always thank you very much.Thank you.
Did you grab her by the pussy?
Get your ass to the gym sometime too.
Ty for telling us.  I can go about my day now!!  ::roll eyes:: Next, u will probably tell the US when u use bathroom. Jerk
Make sure they powder your face a bit before the photoshoot, orange dad.
look, another butt hurt liberal.
Yeah, I didn't want a racist demagogue to win. Sucks.
-@rcdrld We know @realDonaldTrump IS NOT RACIST- GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF #MSM BEHIND
cool story man
be careful trump, conde nast is reddit and they suppress news #fakenews ##pizzagate #podestaemails
Nationalize the Fed Trump!!!
.@realDonaldTrump colour your hair
Better yet shave ur head Don..we r sick of looking at that decomposing rabbit comb over..
ASK THEM IF THEY HAVE A ROOM FOR TWO JAN. 20TH
I bet a billion, this is a lie. Just like all your other Tweets. Now back to Russia.
good idea. The intelligence briefing can wait. Just like divesting yourself of your businesses, paying for the wall, etc.
And who fucking cares?Don't care if you drop dead tomorrow,kind of wish u would to be honest take Pence and Paul with you.Their Dicks too!
Never mind I am sure Putin already filled you in.  Russian puppet
That's easier than appearing before a Senate committee to defend your Treason. That day will come and you will lose bigly!
You were tall (I'm not) very nice to us.  You joked.  You could be a great President if you got down to 1990 weight and channeled Reagan.
How is this OK?  
WikiLeaks proposes tracking verified Twitter users homes,families & finances
Is Trump Tower still open to the public? I can't even walk past it without having cops ask me where I'm going
So, to be clear, you're too busy for security briefings, but you'll clear your schedule for Vogue?
.@NateBallard @barbaraward235 @realDonaldTrump His narcissism spirals more out of control each day.
Unbelievable isn't it! Yet 4 some reason, I think he has much more in store
Priorities, eh?
Obama didn't golf, drone or vacation in the fortnight before his inauguration.
Only Continually after in office.
8 years of golf practice and he Still Sucks golf.
Delete your inauguration. 
delete ur butt chin.. the beard doesn't hide it
As a @realDonaldTrump supporter, shouldn't your eyes be covered COMPLETELY in your avatar? (Ps, I love my butt chin )
Careful, Mathieu. Your attractive butt-chin might detract attention from the Orange Goblin's mop of combed-over hay
And yet his hair still looks better than yours.
Meow :p :p My hair looks amazing and we all know it.
sit still look pretty okay I'm arguing here with a liberal lol
Nah. Gone are the days that women have to stay silent, despite Orange Goblin's wishes ;)
I noticed you deleted my morning tweets by accident, so I thought I'd re-post them.
Did they ask why you're appointing white supremacists and a guy who engineered the housing crisis to your cabinet?
Did you mention you're jamming unqualified cabinet picks through without FBI background checks?
Did you tell them about the $350 BILLION it will take to repeal the ACA? The ACA for which you have no replacement?
http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/04/news/economy/obamacare-repeal-deficit/index.html …
Did you tell them the GOP will *again* put embassies at risk by reducing security funding?
*whispers* Can you say, Benghazi, children?
Did you talk about how this rule will support your childish habit of punishing people who displease/disagree w/you?
And did you tell them you actually think you're King, and can put your children in key positions?
.@realDonaldTrump That's great! But sweetie, you should know that when you're President, even those who despise you will meet with you.
oh, but they're 'friends' you see 
Hey everyone! Donald Trump is $1,000,000,000+ in debt to 150 different institutions!
Donald Trump won't talk about his many conflicts of interest, but don't worry —Here's the receipts.
you can't run the  COUNTRY, LIKE you run your Business…  #BankruptUSA #TRUMP #FRAUD #LIAR #DrainTheSwamp
Lisa Simpson 2020! I'm With Her!
Totally LISA..
my Friend called me to ask if he could borrow a jumper for the cold weather. I said yes. Kind. Hope he has a great trip.
current standards in mind, you sound qualified. Perhaps you should be president?  At the very least, on the cabinet.
I don't watch enough reality tv to be considered qualified enough.
that IS a prerequisite, so YOU'RE FIRED.
plus he kinda looks like an honest person not trying to ruin the world, soooooooo maybe not a good fit for the don
Look at Donald's past. His real past now. Not the spin media put on him. He has done nothing but help ppl
You could just tweet “Guns, Bibles, Taco Bell” and your supporters would believe you’re the greatest man alive.
Uhh they ALL admitted to lying. And what's wrong with pussy grabbing if the woman lets you do it? Lmao
You revel in The Apprentice's low ratings, a show on which you are exec producer. Will you do the same when the US fails? @realDonaldTrump
America confidence is up & once we can get war monger Obama out - things will get better
warmonger Obama? Trump openly brags about wanting to use nuclear weapons! He will destroy US.
yep he is a warmonger helping the corporate war machine in the United States -thank goodness 1/20
interesting. What about @realDonaldTrump - he says he wants an arms race. Ok with that? If yes, you're a hypocrite.
please tell me where he said he wants an arm race - must have missed that quote 
appears you did...In his own words...
ya don't see how & where #Trump says arms race but do see where a sheep follows #mediaNarrative
no one cares, pal, so why don't you go and bankrupt another company like you've moral bankrupt America
Give us a company Mike and we will bankrupt it. You can help. Its fun. Funner than being a liberal any day
you should tell that to your two followers
why did u tell us this? do you ever stop tweeting bra
Obama the job creator.
And another 7 million since he was elected in 2008. Nothing to sneeze at; but Trump will never, ever agree!
.@realDonaldTrump ask her what it was like to fuck Bob Marley
TWTR needs to BAN Ppl like YOU who speak vulgarity- Respect the VOTE of American Ppl @realDonaldTrump is #PresidentTrump to you
Not American but pretty sure he didn't win the vote of "American people"
why is this important? Only children tell grown ups all the small things that happen in their day. Need a diaper change?
who cares?
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
you are just so mighty pleased that a "celebrity" dropped by to meet you. You child aah! The world is having fun.
the show was always terrible. No host could make it watchable
You're joking right?  Your appointees need to be vetted do some REAL WORK fashion is not part of your job description
who gives a rats ass?
why should we care? do some real Presidential work n stop being a media whore
YOU MEET WITH BUSINESS PARTNERS! better start doing presidential stuff, like having a plan for health care and education!
Mr.Trump,i promote value frm waste empowering BoP cluster as Social entrepreneurs. Need ur help to make it a global theme
Don't worry, the moment Condé Nast prints a negative article of you, we know you'll predictably rant how they are the worst
Yay! You're so self-important. Sad. MASHED POTATOES.
watch out, Mr. Trump, you grab Anna Wintour, she may rip your (orange) face off
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
Next please post what you're having for lunch.
Vogue hasn't highlighted a conservative politician since its article on Sarah Palin 8 years ago
are Anna and Newhouse helping your cabinets vetting paperwork done? Shouldn't that be your emphasis? Things ok?
Donald you need to get rid of some of the bad wolves in the media that do not help out America they just hinder you and us!
and this has relevance to healthcare policy, economic policy, foreign relations?  DO YOUR FUCKING JOB
Who. Gives. A. ...
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
MUST SEE !
DESPICABLE LIBERAL SICKNESS! CNN reporter @sganim caught LAUGHING while watching Chicago Kidnapping footage on air!WOW! #BLMKidnapping #evil 

why? You thinking about getting subscriptions for the oval?
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
not the way I heard it

huh? Ooh Anna auntie Wintour! You must be becoming part of the NY ELITE! sad.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
FluffyBanana
Mr President I don't know if you're aware of what NYS Governor is shutting down Indian Point in 5 yrs. Please stop him...
but intelligence briefings aren't necessary. Would Ritalin or Adderall help you focus on your job?
Cool. I'm going to Burger King at lunch.
Obviously, You couldn't handle Anna and Graydon on your own. You needed some blackmail backup.
Who the fuck cares?
“Grow up, Donald. Grow up. Time to be an adult. You’re president.” Time to try the big boy potty Donny.  #NeverMyPresident
because you have nothing better to do???
dingus
So if someone kisses your ass, they get access. Not too good at diplomacy, eh?
to quote that great American Peter Griffin, who the hell CARES!!
are you just narrating your life now?
Lying again! You don't have friends. Just wanters, users, and fellow wankers
was that before or after an intel meeting? Between your business conflicts? Fraud cases? 75 law suits? Rape? Sexual assault
Your teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when you smile
gaslighting- Putin and you worked together to control election, you need to be thrown out of office.
now that's newsworthy- not
.@realDonaldTrump That's cute. Still more concerned about your celebrity status than being the leader of the free world?
Trump only WON with the help of Putin and Russian hacking!!! Terrible. Illegitimate president.
That's great but let's get back on topic... #DemocracyRIP
What are you going to wear?  How will you do your hair?  This is top government stuff!  You must be very important!
Gee, really taking care of the nation's important business! #youlost by millions, millions, no wonder.
Wintour who gave countless Obama/Hilly fundraisers w @SJP ? Desperation and greed sets in.@AnnaWintour_
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
The media better shape up or you may just have to kick their keesters out of here so we can #MAGA !
we don't care!  Please get to work!
We beg you get out of office!!Let Hillary Clinton come in!! We know both of you are crazy,but we need someone who best fit!
FASHION PRIORITY NO 1
this is way more important than an intelligence briefing.
trump
STOP your goddamn tweeting, Twit in Chief
Seriously?  For someone who tweets every random thought I expected many more

who gives a shit seriously
Mickey Moose came to my house today.  Asked me to meet him at 6 Flags Great Disappointment.  I'll go meet him.
we don't care
Should attend daily intel briefings instead.  And should be in DC - not the gilded TRUMP TOWER
you mean Obama party girl
who cares
who bigly cares? Your frontal lobe has no inhibition. Sad!
Well, first things first. May as well schmooze while things are slow
but u wont attend daily briefings #Priorities
cool .. I like bread
Are you gnna announce every thing you do on Twitter? Why don't you just tweet the nuclear codes then & be done with it?
went to the store, bought apples. My friend called , we will meet for  lunch. Sandwiches are good. #NotRelevant #sad
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
And why the fuck should we care, or even need to know this?? #

Well aren't you SPECIAL.
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
did you grab her by the Pussy?
Whoop-de-doo. Are you interviewing them for Cabinet? If not...get to work!
: Cool story, bro. #DeleteYourPresidency
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
should be more concerned with world events than TV ratings. I thought you were going to be "presidential". What happened?
liar
mentioning Trump Tower was unnecessary and just highlights your narcissism
@linetitude Yeah she doesn't want to be left out in the cold at WH social events
breaking your arm to pat yourself on the back are you?
yep this is more your speed. Life of the Rich and Famous with DJT. Please recuse yourself as PEOTUS.
and you tweet that, why? #lamedonnyduck
When are you going to start taking the job you were elected to as serious business? This is not a game or show business
Who cares? Stop being lazy aad the pile of reports and listen to your briefings.
Nobody gives a crap.
I just let my dogs out and shoveled a little snow. WTF is wrong with you?
what about getting journey to perform.  I know you have a close contact
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
Well I want to come to Trump Tower and meet with you for SEVERAL things. I really want to work with you too. Huh.
I think they should come to you don't give them the satisfaction
No doubt you have nothing better to do, the country doesn't need its president elect paying attention to governing.
Not MSM? Wait until the articles come out...then you will disown them too.
Gets the briefing this morning and doesn't want to accept the truth , gets on Twitter and make his own version,  TRATIOR

@patriottrump are you a fake Russian news bot?
WTH?
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
Poor you. No one likes you.
You said that you there was more information on the Russian hacking, was this true or was it just another one of your lies @realDonaldTrump
who cares
why?? Am sorry dont u have better things to do?? E.g attend inteligence briefings??..
makes me wonder.
No one cares about your agenda. Truly.
Trump should not go. There could be a setup at Condé Nast. They are under "Globalist" control.
The US media company Condé Nast is another disinformation cluster. Owns Vanity Fair (1st tier disinfo), Reddit, pedophile promoting GQ.> 
who cares?
How great is it that we have such a tremendous leader with such tremendous friends? Wintour, Kanye, Don King...huuuuuuge
and in other news, I have a spray tan at 4 and a hair weave at 6. More to come!
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
OMG who cares?  The Anna Wintour tweet may be the weirdest ever.  Invite Graydon Carter sometime.  #Crazy
