Traitor Trump is acting like a cornered, panicked RAT.
Faltering?? #presidentdown
Twitter rant = Terrified @POTUS. #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump #Resistance
Do you actually work or just spent time tweeting and watching tv, you poor poor little man?
Donny you are all over the place. Maybe take some time off of twitter.
"Heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell."
Panicking?  Your 'Fake News' line has lost its glean. It only highlights your desperation and fear. But keep it up. It'll soon be over
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship
You & Roger stone will go to jail!

You will be impeached and the national nightmare will end!

Ha. Resist is a useless group. Have fun for the next eight years. We have spoken and will continue to defeat you left wing nuts
Oh so still reading the fake news I see
All this morning bullshit. You think you run things - you don't. You think you can get away with anything - you can't. You r not above law.
i love that visual of you screaming at the television til you're blue in the face every time someone dares to utter any "fake news" about u
If it's FAKE NEWS, why do you keep watching it?? Don't you have your precious @CIA and @NSAGov to tell you what's true or not?
The only entity disseminating 'Fake News is you
You've lied so much that Americans whiplash. Seriously we don't believe anything you say
Do all you verified libtards set an alarm for whenever Trump tweets?

How incredibly pathetic. 
It's sad that someone calling people names can consider citizens exercising their rights pathetic.
Thought you didn't watch CNN? 
Pls. call Condeelizza Rice for a visit to the White house. She knows where it is, has great experience, and is brilliant. Integrity first.
Since you lie constantly, no one believes you. #FAKEPRESIDENT. #LIESLIESLIES
.@realDonaldTrump you don't really think anyone believes this, do you? #LyingPOTUS #Comey
I believe your going to PRISON.
Don't like CNN do ya? Lol. Because they expose your Bullshit! Only your ignorant " base " believes you. Go talk to them. You like that.
No one believes you. The end is near. How bout a press conference? Huge ratings. You're a star!
I don't understand why anyone still believes CNN. They have proven for decades that they are #fakenews
Pence literally just said the firing wasn't russian probe related hahaha. Thanks for protecting Hillary!! Hahahahaha
We can safely assume everything is the opposite of what you're saying so I guess the Roger Stone report is 100% accurate now. Thanks.
Donny, the flopsweat of desperation is So presidential. If the president is, you know, Nixon. You're in deep shit now, old guy. U fucked up.
CNN doesn't know when to quit !  They are so desperate !
You are falling apart fast. Walls closing in. Not good for the country. Hope to God you're removed before you do something horrific. #sad
Impeach on the menu
Sir, when you tweet this much, it is clear evidence that you're scared, anxious, and probably lying.

Stone reminds everyone how long he's been ratfucking, just so Putin doesn't get credit for his kompromat. https://twitter.com/RogerJStoneJr/status/862179927059255298 …
You are not allied with good people, Sir. Please resign or accept necessity of appointing a special prosector.
Nah Joe, he'll just pardon the shit out of his underlings. It's all a Fake Noose, witch-hunt, fishing trip anyway. Problem solved #Treason
You're a fucking moron.
You can't tweet your way out of the hole you've dug, you stupid asshole.
Wow... you're all so intelligent.... NOT!!!
Coming from you, I believe most people would find this to be a compliment
You lied here, proven when it was recently revealed that Stone advised you on release of the JFK papers. Liar. Morally bankrupt. Coward.
The president has the right to stop all documents from being released. Study it fact
What? You don't love ol' Rog any more?
Good to know! I'm so pleased you're spending the day watching cable news instead of golfing! Such a change!
This way at least we know you are doing something important. Not wasting your time on North Korea, ISIS, a viable healthcare plan, jobs, etc
He wasn't ISIS. He was Al Queda. Geez.
But we can all agree that #Trump's mouth is definitely #Putin's #CockHolster
Obama sucks off George Soros daily
We're not discussing Obama or Soros. I think your brain has been hurt.
Your tells are 100% obvious now. ANYTIME u tweet about something, the EXACT OPPOSITE is actually the TRUTH. ur the LAST #RepublicKlan potus.
1. The last sitting POTUS to fire someone investigating him was Nixon.

2. This is literally a tattoo Roger Stone has on his back.
Nixon did nothing wrong ;)

Commies were everywhere. Especially in the DNC, and still are
BAHHAAAHAAA, I just shot cokr outta my nose on this stupidity,  thanks
Nothing to see. No communists here... move along.
1) And so What? Richard Mercer VLADIMIR PUTIN AND OTHERS, Carter Page, leader of a terrorist group are his friends. FRAUD,
Show me the evidence.
Check the courts for most of it, collusion with Russia, they will.
Waiting....
As the CEO of a massive company, you find anyone who is impeccable. People voted for him cos he could get the job done.

What did he do exactly?
Collude with the Russians. Money laundering. Obstruction of justice by firing Comey.
Welk there was NO collusion, even if he did, its not illegal unless there was a violation of campaign finance laws, money laundering= fake news, and he  is allowed to fire whatever appointee he wants.
Fake BooBies!
@arcadiaoccult Wow there is so much wrong with that image of feel faint!
 
You know these liars maybe be telling the truth
There is no fake news except for the flatulence that issues from between your lips.

#25thAmendment
Only thing fake are Rogers main squeeze’s BooBies!
You said that about Russia. #Lies
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my...
And how would know if you don't watch CNN???
Donald “Fake News” Trump. You wanted to go down in history. You will get your wish. As the most horrific president the US has ever elected.
Hope it's not on tape. Say, when was the last time you spoke to Papadopoulos, Page, Manafort and Flynn? Because I'm sure Mueller has asked
your panic is showing 
Yeahhhh, we don't believe this or anything you say...
Whats true the lies you tell us everyday
Looks like it's time to change your Depends!
And I guess you think anyone would believe your lying mouth?
GUILTY
 DANGEROUS @gop #gop #propaganda #authoritarian #demagogue #Rasputin #putin #fascism #Germany1930s #Italy #Mussolini #maga @dnc #RESIST #rt
#screenshotsliveforever #memoryhole #thursdaythoughts #NoAHCA #russiagate @foxnews #activemeasures #clintonwatts #ComeyHearing #maga #US #rt
Runnin Scared Donald. Maybe you can get a job writing catchy phrases like " prime the pump" Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Trump=Stupid
Good for you
man up @realDonaldTrump you always blame others be a man and accept your errors.
Don't you have something else? You're like a dog that shits in the same spot in the middle of the living room every day. #Loser
It will be answered when Roger is testifying under oath!
Don't worry Donald Trump most Americans are with you 100%.  We see what kind of people you are dealing with. Drain the swamp!
So Roger Stone is calling you a liar with regard to this tweet! It never ENDS! #lowestapprovalratingever #noonebelievesyou #zerocred
I am sure you wish that were true,  too bad it isn't  if you knew the man & the truth of who he is,  you would know it to.
That is not what he just told Congress.    Who's lying now?
But PLEASE don't think WE THE PEOPLE believe your lame excuse that u fired him bec he interfered w/ the election. U are a COWARD as Potus!
#fakepotus
#TaintedTrump
Trump is a loser!  Worst president ever!
He said he has talked to you! Is he fake news too? I'm SO sick of hearing everything is fake when it's not in your best interest.
Exactly what is "a long time"? Oh yes, like from Jan 20 until now has been a looooooong time. Right. Got it.
Loser.
Quit watching Fake News Erich McElroy, it stunts your growth, in mind.

Orange child
ندعوك لزيارة العراق وتخليصنا من المليشيات الايرانية التي دمرتنا وحطمتنا
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Since you are worried about it, I now know that it's true.  Thanks for verification.
So you demand loyalty even though you don't have a loyal bone in your body
Whoa!  Trump has no values, embraces Wahhabism in Saudi Arabia, licks Saudi boots.  Stop the presses!
I wonder why there's a picture with him holding his cell phone with the call history open and your number at the top, then. 
I hear your approval ratings are lower than the apprentice now. Sad!
CNN this AM: Stone stated that he regularly speaks with you. Not daily, but regularly. Liar.
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation
#Comeygate 
#persist
Hard to believe seeings how you trust Alex Jones
Anyone that fails to be your brainless yes person is labeled fake. We see through your bully tactics.
That’s not what @RogerJStoneJr says...
it's obvious to everyone in the country with the exception of your mindless twits it had everything to do with your decision
Turn of Fox and resign or we will LOCK YOU UP!
Don't you know that no one believes you? One lie after another...
    #PutinsBitch #ComeyHasBetterHair
cause the upstairs is empty and the light is OFF
This saturday
Remember there is film.  Your decision was based on Mr. Comey getting too close to the truth and your fear of the truth.
If u disappear now, US voters can hide shame by saying your election #FakeNews. Was global hallucination caused by Chinese drugging water.
WHY R U FAULTING @CNN.  SEEMS LIKE STONE IS FAKE/FALSE, OR YOU ARE?   YOUR WORD AGAINST HIS. U HAVE ZERO CREDIBILITY
You won't be able to lie and fire your way out of this; shit hit the fan and the ship is sinking.
It was Stone and Bubbles! You all are freaks!
Trump Organization is a private, family-run business that owes billions of dollars. LOCK YOU UP

Keep it up you're well on your way to and impeachment
You are a fake president, pretending you care about anything but your wallet.  #TrumpsATraitor
Again dismantling 1st amendment. You are allowed to respond to Stone's comments,, but *news* merely reports. Even unedited, you say fake
He has contradicted you!!!
Thats not what he said!
and still as of today...
Nacho!!
I think Clinton is looking for that fake Indian.
you are Fake
Is Roger Stone lying? He said he spoke to you less than a week ago.
only fake news is that you were elected without Russians help.
is Fox News fake too, Donnie?
Oh, yeah, right. Trump you're a proven liar. Why should we trust you about Stone or anything else? For the good of the country, resign.
Your presidency is marred!

It had nothing to do with that, huh? Did it have anything to do with Comey breathing down your neck about you and Putin doing the dirty?
Does this moron, unfortunately called our President, know any other words other than, "fake news"?  You are a laughingstock. #sitdownsthu
Agreed
What's interesting is how u waited until a day bfr mtg w/Russians to fire Comey. Great diversion effort! Takes focus of suspicious meeting.
Why were u alone-Why weren't US photogs/press allowed-What was discussed-Why so chummy-Shouldn't we be upset w/them for intrfrng in election
We've long known you were a liar, but who knew how bad a liar you are.
"Nobody knew how complicated lying is. Nobody"
Seems everyone is fake except the Russians!
Creator-in-Chief of fake news.
Motive was to cover Ur crooked ass. Nothing says "Guilty" like firing guy ready to expose Ur corruption. Desperate times, desperate measures
Very Fake New! :)
You think we believe any thing you say?You must have brain damage. Your voter don't trust you anymore.
Gee, Donny. It's getting hard to keep your stories straight, isn't it? Not gonna get any better from here.
hahahaha you are an idiot. Nothing that comes out of your ugly mouth is truthful. donnie is fake news!
Lol! Liar
There is no fake news just a fake president #impeachthetraitor
Goo Roger Stone!He must be right on if it pisses you off & you call it "Fake news".We all know that means real news.
http://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/5/11/1661160/-Americans-Render-Their-Verdict-Trump-An-Idiot-Incompetent-and-a-Liar-Quinnipiac-Poll?detail=facebook.@realDonaldTrump … .@FlipItDem
our nation would have better off if we just seen your taxes months ago
Is Anderson doing that childish eye roll again? !! CNN is lost!!
YOU WISH IT WAS FALSE, AS MORE AND MORE OF THE TRUTH GET CLOSER U WANTS TO CALL IT FALSE. BUT IT WANT WORK. LAIR LAIR!!!!!
YOU LIE.
every word you speak is a lie. save it for your ignorant supporters
You, sir, lack believability!
Fake news. Can you come up with anew fake escuse.
Your decision to announce something that was already happening no thanks to you? Could you at least try to make your lies believable?
.Roger says you're lying. When 2 liars speak, who should we believe? Personally, I think when liars differ on their story, we all lose Bigly
LIAR
Go somewhere and sit down. Zip it.
Who are we to believe? A known and proven liar like you, or the media you keep saying are fake yet everything reported has been truth?
all lies, time to LAWYER UP!!
Yeah , Roger Stone and Alex Jones both are idiots!
April 2016, Stone formed a pro-Trump activist group
New York Post.
Thousands of protesters gather outside Chuck Schumer's apartment

Lier
Hahahah no, that was because you wanted to stop the Russian investigation into you and your team's TREASON. DUH!
What a shock!  @CNN lies again?  #MoreFakeNews
Liar
Roger and all of you are as guilty as sin and will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. In other words you all will be wearing the
Color orange and living in a cell.  See what happens when your God is money.  Hope you like orange
