@realDonaldTrump You obviously don't know the law. Here: Treason - https:/l/www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2381
Someone should have read this to you.
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries."...
@realDonaldTrump Take this to the fisa court
Quite playing with these children. No aclu, no Wa. State. We win
Too bad you didn't include the countries that have posed a threat in the past. Oh, right, you have business with them..
So take control and put the ban back in effect!! You are the President afterall!!!
as are you

That’s lovely. Did your mother teach you talk like that?
We love you Donald. Drain the swamp. We're with you!
@HotNostrilsrFun I believe you will stop this we know who they are kick them the Hell out of here Common sense
keep fighting, what can we do?? even foodstamps they have 10 yr old identifications- get the muslims out of here. military inspect trains,
Trump- we have so many illegal people in oklahoma- the mexicans have 10 identifications and we are paying for all their babies.
They'll kill us with bombs or disease. Whichever gets us first.
Ban them all!

Still stops comments and doesn't want Muslims
Ppl need to know that places like Dearborn Michigan are NO GO ZONES already .Its about where ppl come from . Ban is good 
Having a man with Dementia as the POTUS now that's dangerous
perfect
Hopefully not beyond repair...
I'm afraid we've created a Frankenstein in our Judicial System. They have to be cut back to scale.
and why do you still have your phone?
why do you still have your phone?
/ That is s crime. Those whom are responsible , I hope they get locked up. Unbelievable !
you never saw a Irishmen or Italian on the terror watch list.
It's not racist, it's about their radical ideas
.
Don't pull your punches so much Betsy. 
you're more dangerous than any innocent refugee. If you're so concerned add Russia - Boston Marathon
YOU ARE THE DANGEROUS ONE,YOU & YOUR CABINET
Bullshit Donnie and the National Enquirer Breitbart
GO NUCLEAR! GET YOUR SUPREME COURT JUDGE! RUN THE TRAIN OVER THE DEMS..SHOW THEM YOU HAVE BALLS!
Legal system worked well,  blocked your religious/racial discrimination orders. No terrorists came from the 6 listed narions. @foxandfriends
stop all immigration until theUSA we develope vet system we like, after 30 days start relaxing us entry country by country.
GERMANY 
DER SPIEGEL 
READS: Year 2007
Mecca Germany
The silent Islamization
How to combine Facebook profile picture and Cover

http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/how-to-combine-facebook-profile-picture.html …
That's your shallow minded
Who fills your mind with this shit? Bannon probably.  You truly are mentally deranged. Dangerous to Americans.. YOU!
do not let the establishment RINO RYAN sell you a big government takeover of health care go back to good ol days
@DJ2779 It must be addressed B4 a tragedy occurs, which will be blamed on You, not on the lawless judges and their ATMs
Shut up
I know will it take a bombing or shooting for people to wake up how dangerous these people are!! need to get ban back!
Untrue comment! Please do not cause untrue statements to be said about the media!
Clown Concocted Fear.
And America isn't considered "suspect"?
Please educate us: From which countries did the 9/11 hijackers originate?

#Trumprussia
hold your head up and just do what is right for the American people.
NOT TRUE!  STOP YOUR LIES PLEASE!
Our legal system is working the way it is suppose to. If you learn the system and the constitution.....check and balances!!
How is that dangerous??
persecuted Christians were the true refugees we should have gotten into the US before they were killed
how many countries have US military in them right now exactly. I heard over 100
not nearly as dangerous as having the US military in your state. Think Iraq.
President Fart, why tell everyone what they already know - YOU ARE SO DANGEROUS !!!
Purge The Rest Of obama's Leftovers From Every Federal Office, And "ABC" Agencies!  Time To End This Treason Against US All
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …
FAKE NEWS!!!!!!
Who is in charge here? This is  ridiculous how long this is taking over this ban, mite as well make it a permanent one now
they are trying to make you a scapegoat my old man for doing the righteousness for your country. I support you all the way.
So are the police carrying guns across the U.S.
so stupid. Interesting that there are no countries on the list where terrorists came from in the past (9/11)
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/gwen-stefani-returning-to-voice.html?m=1 …
BREAK NEWS
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/hide-any-folder-in-andriod-without-any.html …
100% Of your Supporters #MAGA!
the system is broken. You were elected.
means "I suspect them but agencies don't. When will one of them please kill people so I can say I told you so?"
More alternative facts?
We agree!
you are dangerous.
People have been killed since you came into office Not 1 was from a country that you have Ban Crime has no color
Name your source.  You expect the to name sources.  Name yours.  You are ALWAYS rhrowing statistics out without any sources
Fortunately none of the refugee crisis was caused by US foreign policy. George W did not destroy Iraq. Beware fake news
Thank God our forefathers knew we needed 3 branches of govt. to protect us agains fools and dictators!
"Suspect countries"? Who suspects them, and of what? If it's terrorism, Saudi Arabia seems a greater concern.
yes it is ! You should be in prison right now. Your Russian ties are over. Illegitimate president.. traitor Trump
The only danger to our country right now is you.
Send back Indians,Let them work for India.
Indians went of their own choice, should also come back of their own choice. Make India so great that they want to come back.
they are probably fleeing from the DANGEROUS people in those countries
How many terrorists specifically came from those countries(traveled out of)? If you dont know the answer it is "0"!!!!
Stop all migration til we fix our broken system, take care of Americans 1st, homeless, veterans, poor, corrupt legal system
They don't qualify as refugees, refugees go to the closest country they have 4 rich Muslim countries to go to Saudi is open
the system is broken this is why i need help please listen to me
kkkkkkkk if you as the so called Presidente is not "evolved", who is taking care of your great wall???
This is insane! Our courts need to change.
you are the one who is dangerous
- Trump is dangerous
Keep up the work your doing. I'm doing my BEST to help the cause
like china
Donald, stop being the clueless president. You're scaring everybody. Get your brain checked
refugees aren't dangerous. Statistically speaking, a white man with a weapon is way more dangerous - like you! Sad!
oh,can you shut up
More alternative facts, you're what's broken and dangerous Trump!
#so wrong
you keep firing judges and redecorating our system and we wont HAVE a legal system.
Show me 2 people who AREN'T different! One person through time is different too! Hate for difference is SO VERY RIDICULOUS!
what’s dangerous is you in the White House!
They don't work, collect all what America has to offer buy way of our taxpayers and don't assimilate into America.
not true
our legal system is broken in so many ways. You can't fix everything at once prioritize and then take them in line.
President Trump please take care of yourself be careful and keep your family safe also
With ZERO attacks in America carried out by people from those countries. Not so dangerous after all...
Absolutely dangerous!!! @MargotBirckhead
that's because of your ban stupid. It seems disproportionate because everybody else was coming all along. Learn math.
just curious why their own Muslim countries don't take them in. Has anyone wondered why?  wonder why they're mostly men?
You can thank BILL CLINTON FOR THE OPEN BORDERS POLICY, which I clearly remember him doing this--and HATED him for it!
Please hurry, we r at risk. The statue of liberty was a gift not a law. We have enough foriegners. Stop now!
