Donald Trump is like a Kim Jong Un doppelgänger, but with a worse hairstyle.
No doubt you are still in elementary school
Obviously.  Duh.   Elementary clown college.
who? You?
Yes, ME.   I get my red button nose when the issue me my diploma.   so egg sided.  
YOU ARE SAD; READ SOMETHING BESIDES CNN
PBS, NPR, the BBC, etc etc.   I believe that you watch entirely too much Fox News.    Am I right??   I bet I am.   It's funny.   You believe that EVERYONE else is fake...except Fox.   You are the victim.  Fox knows how to get gullible old people all riled up.
SO SAD THAT YOU SKIPPED A FEW GRADES
i
#I didn't write this, I wouldn't know what to say with a 3rd grade education.
Shut up
5w...n .qqi0
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the...
you @realDonaldTrump are the more dangerous for USA.. no one is more risk than you¡¡  God protect us of you and your guilty
believe China cld end this tomorrow if they wanted too; US shld put REAL preasure on China #boycottchina products that wld send a message!
Ofcos China has the full capacity to reply same. The world will suffer. The best is diplomacy.
Diplomacy shld always continue but Diplomacy thru Clinton - Bush & Obama got us to where we are!
haha lol
MAYBE THERE WIILL BE AN EARTHQUAKE AND NK WILL SINK DEEP DOWN, THAT WOULD REALLY  BE A DEEP STATE
you keep egging him on? WTF?
We praying to GOD (ALMIGHTY). The world need peaceful solution of this situation. JAIHIND.
So why don't u send experienced negotiators over there 2 TALK TO THEM! Maybe sanctions DONT WORK! TALK, not NAME CALLING!
talking shit will not resolve the issue, what are you waiting for "Kim's pet"?
Do not forget about the gross abuse in terms of the citizens civil rights. We could liberate NK. A better, safer
 future
Your words and actions are equally dangerous. Please stop.
... I'm so proud to have a TRUE LEADER - PRESIDENT Trump.  Drain the swamp and fire all of Obama's minions.
N.Korea should be settled thru direct dialogue of all parties concerned w/out preconditions!Provoking,military insulting is a dead-end road!
Riiiight...  Ung? dialogue? He does what he wants. It wouldn't matter who was president we are just another seat in his mind's theater.
PEACE TALKS ARE NEEDED NOW!!!Everyone has needs to be met, Every man had an ego. Its NOT Worth LOSING PLANET EARTH over is it?!PEACE TALKS!!
I feel you. I do. but there is no solution to the Ung problem that doesn't leave NK in turmoil for years. His family ego is the problem.
N.Korea should be settled thru direct dialogue of all parties concerned w/out preconditions!Provoking,military insulting is a dead-end road!
No it's crazy in this world and someone as took everything we have built
The only dangerous for the US are you Mr. Trump
#stoptrumpstweet
part of the demon-crat KKK ISIS antifa communist party plan to make America desolate
Ewww
Mr President ... Pray before you make any decisions 
The problem is America was great when it was one nation under God but somehow America has managed to take God out of the equation and now we are searching to make America great again ..... I think I know the answer
then do something about it
- Your words and actions could lead us into WWIII. Quit being such a beligerent, narcissistic bully and give nice a try.
- Your words and actions could lead us all into WWIII. Quit being such a beligerent, narcissistic bully and give nice a try
Duhh...
The US has conducted huge military exercises (some of the world's largest) close to North Korea, since the end if hostilities, in 1953!
Almost as hostile, and dangerous as you.
Thanks to you, you son of a bitch.
remember when you said they wouldnt have nukes under a trump president? Just kidding, that had to be someone else
congratulations, you've finally said something i agree with. too bad i overlooked it for 5 weeks.
ku eed freebie 8
Stop all the BS, you are in a pissing match with a child. Oh yeah you are a child as well #notmypresident
KAPUT!!!
I know you can shut them down.
Is the man himself afraid now
how is a sovereign right to build nukes hostility to the States
Can someone explaine to me why they cant have nuclear bomb ?
....i was waiting for you to say they are fine people - on both sides......
How about you do something
Your incompetence, wilful ignorance and egomania is a clear and present danger to the US and the entire world. Shut up and stay off twitter.
bullshit ,why u go in to their ass?
Just do it completely this time!
Because of you.
And YOUR words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States...
And you are responsible for fueling that hostility. #TrumpResign
Only tweet but no action. What does it mean?
Your mean tweeting and bluster are also hostile and dangerous.
You Think? Take them out while you can!
We must do something now before it's too late. I wish I knew the solution
Duh! What are you going to do about it?
let us live in peaceful world.Let UNO insists on disarmament.
Great speech
Ur speech about Las Vegas victim was great Mr. President
You obviously don't understand or remember what comes out ofyour mouth, most likely alzhiemers or disconnect between brain and mouth, or all
Get Denise Rodman to Talk w/ Kim Jong Un. PLEASE I BEG TO HAVE HIM TALK TO Kim Jong Un, I'm in Calif.& I DON'T want WWlll.
You are the dangerous one.
You need to shut up!
Your words can heal or they can destroy. Your choice. Think carefully!
I'm a high school student from William Blount, can you stop all this between North Korea?
        Thank you  -Alexis Brewer
Can you please just stop this between America and North Korea.
北朝鮮は主要な核実験を行っている。彼らの言葉や行動は、引き続き非常に敵対的で危険なものとなっている.....
Trump NC loves you! Please Block All Haters, they are just jealous
Sir give befitting reply.
Moon Jae-In is Puppet of Kim Jong-Un.peoples say that Moon Jae-In is spy for NoKo as Prof.Choi of PNU addressed.Moon sends 8milion$to Noko!!
This is not a time to promote what we can do, but just act on doing when needed.
Just in response to your previous hostile words!
So tired of these ignorant Trump bashers
Russia.
If you're against Trump , you're against The United States
We all know which Country must have backed this DPRK's nuclear test...
New Zealand?!
You are the man to keep him in check.. CU's you are the one leader he believe can end his regime without warning. Let's see how u handle it
Why have you not attack North Korea yet ...? Why are you letting them get closer ? Why are you letting them become more of a threat why
Child Protective Service Agents of Terror are more of a threat to this country than North Korea.
To hell with North Korea, they must be disarmed.
Dick weed they have done nothing to us!
Fat  is Nuts!!! He's suicidal and murderous as his people will parish with him. Just 
Yeah dangerous words, entire graveyard filled with victims of their words. So funny you are focusing so much on this but nothing will come.
Ppl underestimate Kim Jong-un & his very deliberate actions. A possibility stopping 650 billion on trade w/China might work. Doubtfully! 
Trump. Don't be another Lyndon B. Johnson or G. W. Use some common sense.
You're playing checkers, while you should be playing chess. Be better at the game.
And when U.S. vs North Korea war goes on for the next 20 years as in most wars. Your grandchildren will serve our country in the military?
Wipe em off the map !!!
#RocketMan is using a Chinese Silver Coin Counterfeiting Ring for his Quarter's ... Lock Downs his BANK!
Ich bete zu Gott dass es kein Krieg gibt
So do your words.
Coño, no hables tanto y acaba de meterle mano a los coreanos antes de que sea demasiado tarde.
Y'all are aware North Korea was minding its own business until the US showed up banging their chests like gorillas, right?
Also funny how the 'terrorist' countries are also the ones that refuse to go on the petrodollar 
But that's none of my business 
Everything will be fine I hope that!
No shit  wise guy
@AlertTrade what would u take action about it.
I feel so scared
Instead of tweeting about it like the buffoon u are, how about u do something about it. Might I suggest that u stop bluffing your way thru.
Please exert pressure on Japan.
Japan do supports North Korea through ”pachinko gaming”.
ｰ From Japanese citizens.
Dust this joker in North Koreas tail, he's a spoiled brat , pilsbury doe boy
You are creating it. All because of you.
Tweet obvious? We need experienced negotiators not in your face provoking threats... Diplomatic EMPHASIS necessary, we beg you- step aside!

U got to know when to hold 'em
Know when to fold 'em
Know when to walk away
know when to run
U never count ur $
When u sitting at the table
... diplomacy effectively to defuse the current situation while your words announce to the world that you see no value in talking.
Trust you to do the right thing!!
Sorry but this war you're getting us into won't help this . Will forever go down as WORST POTUS ever 
THEN RESIGN so someone can make better decisions than you.
So do yours.
Best thing you all can do is run out in back yard and dig a hole large enough to stick your head in so you will be protected when NK strikes
USA is the only one who has used nuclear weapons.The US expects to write off its debts and cash in unleashing world 3?
God is in control
#StandWithTrump
Keep terrifying the American public. That's exactly what we need. Way to go on providing a sense of security.
assassinate the little Pork Chop with hair
TAKE THEM OUT BEFORE THE OBTAIN THE CAPABILITY TO DO US IN! THIS MAN IS A PYCHOPATH!
I'm confident in you, our military, your generals the JCOS, and Mr  RT  to do what we ultimately will need to do for The USA and our allies
It's pretty amazing to have such power, you are the president of the most powerful country,bring peace to the world make it a good place
So far it has been all words. What are you guys, going to do about it? It's either, get on, or get off the pot !
Wonder what would happen if you just stop telling us about it , ol den rod and him are homies , , just stop talking about it
Question is...are they more dangerous than you???
We should take their threats literally!
Put us in the game coach. Ready to catch a body
But when U.S. government officials continuously use hostile words and provocative speech, it's no big deal. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Bomb them from the earth
there are many typo,but can understand mean
request to japan that eliminate  korean from japan, if america didnt request it,any sanction  not  enough
so korean  is eable to send money to north korea and north korea can develop nuclear, if  america hope to stop it,
korean who aliving in japan know it,so they earn huge money  in japan,its economic scale is about 23,000,000,000,000 yen,  so ridiculous!
pachinko  is fraud of  probablity,just gambling,unfortunally, japanese police is takeovered korean cult religion,
should know  korean pretend as if japanese.in japan,korean is earning huge money  by fraud,most famous industry is called  pachinko.
We love you Mr. President.
pray for help from God, he will guide you!!
So sad must do something
America has the Trump card! Rogue nations, better think twice.
Moab rings a bell?
I wonder why!
OK thanks do for da supported
OK tell him
What are you going to do
Well I'm sure they know we have an incompetent boob running the country. I'm sure it'll all slow down once you're out of office
This type of thing would be amusing if it were just in the funny pages...
hello
# you can only warn a bad kid for so long  ! You cannot spare the rod ,WHOOP that ASS |
Just like you.
@POTUS I seem 2 remember U promised this wasn't going to happen.  It was going to be soooooo easy. #WakeUpAmerica This man-baby is dangerous
0 12q 2012
I will design creative and stylish Facebook cover photo or profile photo for your profile. Visit and Contact me.
China and Japan need to take care of this problem!
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
Lotsa talk and no action, @realDonaldTrump we need to quit with excuses and get er done my man! Does @Scaramucci Need to come back in there?
North Korea helped China to become Communists, China is paying back by being on the fence, and looking the other way.
Ahhhhh he's just pissed at u. Fight it out just you two. Leave us out of it
Listen you don't care if I'm safe I'm democrat and we know what to do without you. I know I know you can pay to get things done. U work 4 us
But your words and actions are very comforting to North Korea.
Tell em
Mr. Pres- I think NorthKorea is a wrong  target to accuse. NK territory is misused for H-bomb test by a bigger nation to hide their ambition
Who is safe when a kid toys with his dad's revolver. See, Kim is a KID playing with something more dangerous. And Daddy T disapproves of it.
X37b with rail gun will nuke his facility to toy scraps...
The fat psychotic kid got nothing compared to USA..highly unlikely that he would nuke country...he just wants the lime light of the media.
This is a fucking set up
The world is simmering, only Trump is showing concerns. Putin doesn't mind if the earth blows up.Well, it will blow up over everyone's head.
kim jong un is a mad dog
Yep i understand that your first priority is the USA but, there is EU as well, please reconsider your action before doing them Mr.President
You can't
But no worlds see the Rohingas problem.
Why United States Not Attack North Korea???
United States have being hurting at numerous war worrying about humanity, that's do it right
humanity at war, however, there is only ways to create better world for future humanity.  Go do the right thing.
happen in reality and we will be more efficient than anyone.  But your specialist going to have to work really hard and remember there is no
never ever be able to be mess with forever.  I cannot say it in social media but if you trust me have someone reach me and make the concept
President Trump, this is social media and I do have solution for you to ask specialist to make it happen. By develop the technology, we will
Indeed / we can't afford a first strike but the one is drawn ! Back it up with Fire 

BREAKING: Something Just Rocked North Korea Like a 6.5 Earthquake; Mother Nature or Nuclear Explosion? http://truepundit.com/something-just-rocked-north-korea-like-a-6-5-earthquake-mother-nature-or-nuclear-explosion/ …
@realDonaldTrump making America worse again...
Un needs a wake up call...
No se exactamente lo que sucede... Tampoco se cual es el conflicto. Pero lo que se es que todos somos seres humanos.
No quiero una Guerra nuclear. Nadie quiere eso, eso no solo afectara a familias las destruira. Somos seres capaces de razonar...
Porfavor, no quiero una 3° Guerra mundial. Desde Uruguay escribo este msg.=Nadie quiere perder a sus seres queridos=.
Captain obvious, thanks
