It beats 24 million Americans dying on Trumpcare
Would love for you to specify "trouble."
You're a broken record, Cheeto. You obviously don't have a better plan or you'd have replaced it "Day 1" like you promised. #IMPEACH!
Why don't you work on a real alternative instead of pandering to GOP
Talk talk talk, "Heathcare is more complicated than we thought!" lol. #Ignorance
let it die !
So why don't you try and fix it instead of golfing?
Fake News
Smh..liar
Hold the Democrats hostage. I'd make them beg you to fix health care .
If you cannot replace the ACA with better, then fund properly. Kill the ACA you kill jobs!!  Each state w/option GAINED 80,000 jobs.

The turd would make a much more suitable avatar for the Socialist Party. #toolbag
As president you are accountable for everything that happens. It didn't fail under @BarackObama, if it fails now it's on your watch Sir...
#sad
The Dems can't pay for it as you and the Repubs have the money. It's amazing what happens to a plant when you don't water it.
Ron Ryan said the ACA is law of the land YOU own it and if it fails it will be YOUR  fault and your base uses obamacare (ACA is obamacare)
And you & the GOP came up with a failed plan rewarding CEOs & the wealthy eliminating 24M from healthcare! Try again!
The sooner the better. It's a real mess.
I presume you had noticed you are US president so the management of the US healthcare system lies with you and the republicans
Your party controls the US House, Senate, and White House. If you think something is broken, fix it, don't point fingers and tweet about it.
He definitely controls @jasoninthehouse cuz from day 1 DT has been a Constitutional crisis, & Jason won't start ANY investigation on it.
And all the other R's are just as guilty for not stopping his blatant breaking of laws
Agreed!

And so your solution to this supposed problem is to tweet about it, right?
Well the dems are to blame for Ocare to begin with.  #DUH
For this context I don't care whether it's objectively a problem. If he thinks so, I want to know what he plans to do. So far, just tweet.
So I guess we're not going on a second date?
Geez, all you did was defend your position.

nice guy.very Manly
You know what else is in big trouble? Your administration.
So why cant you intervene and make it work ?
Does it die as soon as the people who count on it? SAD.
Replace with a better plan.
Yes
On Obama care prices went up three times & deductible went sky high, stupid plan, the ones supporting it, DON'T have it!!!!
Shut up donnie!
@realDonaldTrump a universal healthcare would bring you a 2020 win for sure.
$25.00 co-pays. 
You can make it happen, you are & always great
#loserPOTUS
Imagine yhe money taxpayers would save if you'd stop golfing and your wife would move in with you. Use that for Obamacare, doofus.
This isn't an analysis. This is a threat.
From the clueless guy that said, "Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated."
Speaking of dying. Your Trumpcare bill died pretty hard didn't it?  As did your two Muslim Bans? Maybe they needed Obamacare to stay alive.
Obamacare is more popular than you—by far. The more you hate it, the more we hate you.
Also, you're president now—grow up. If the ACA dies under your watch because YOU let it, that blood is on your hands. Not a partisan issue.
Remember when you said that you'd "immediately" repeal Obamacare? Remember when you said you'd implement a single payer system? Lies.
You originally wanted a single payer system, but you're so deep in "the swamp" that you're now putting insurance COs over American ppl.
Your party had SEVEN years to come up with a better alternative, but instead all you did was whine & complain, per usual.
It's time that we join EVERY SINGLE other developed nation & make health care a right. A single payer system would be cheaper than Obamacare
FAKE tweet.
your hate is showing bill lol
Not at all...Just my recognition that he's wrong on this issue. There is no evidence that the ACA is in financial trouble.
those rich business owners want their tax cuts. His job is to get people to agree with him so they can support his notions
I know. You have to fake the general population into believing blatant handouts to the rich are in some way good for the rest of us.
This is why Citizens United must go and public funding of elections is the only way to have a real Democracy.
i think that there should be voting on any big issue like this. I would love a small tax increased to have medicare for all
No doubt! Bring it on, @SenSanders! Wouldn't we all pay more up front to not suffer the mysteries of health care billing?
kill ObamaCare before it kills us please !!!
You're uninformed & deluded. Quit Infowars & that shill Alex Jones. If you want to actually KNOW about something, start with Wikipedia ...
https://twitter.com/GREEDmustSTOP/status/892174158259380225 …
Sad specimen of humanity - top of the 'stupid' index
https://twitter.com/GREEDmustSTOP/status/892174158259380225 …
This.
Is.
A.
Lie.
You don't want a good healthcare system.
You want OBAMA to not have created a good healthcare system.
#SundayMorning
Just because your first 100 days have been a catastrophe doesn't mean you need to screw over millions of Americans.
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy
Republicans have:
Presidency
House
Senate
SCOTUS
And you STILL can't get anything done.
#SundayMorning 
#AMJoy
Republicans had 7 years to come up with an #ACA replacement.
THEY knew healthcare was complicated.
Hell, EVERYONE knew it.
#SundayMorning
Dems won't vote to repeal ACA.
Moderates won't throw 11M people off ACA.
Far-right won't do anything that doesn't screw poor folks.
#AMJoy

@FakeNewsTrump 
Show the people of this great nation in black&white, where this allegation holds true.... #Transparency!!
I said it and so it must be true!
windows are transparent and they can be broken! But we can't be broken so we can't be transparent
MUELLER will destroy Paul Ryan....
@sseanspicer @realDonaldTrump 
Y'all boys gone get together and make up a great lie...   @RobertJohnson (BET) ....
You selling us out for this ungodly white trash.   Don't be the fall guy.... Every organisation has a fall guy.. #BernieMadoff.
As usual, absolutely right @realDonaldTrump, and #US #Citizens should realize #Obama STOLE $ from #StockHolders to fund illegal #Obamacare
What you are suggesting would be a very big crime. I'm looking for any evidence to support this allegation. Please provide your source. TY.
https://twitter.com/GREEDmustSTOP/status/892174158259380225 …
Donald, you are a SAD excuse for a supposed leader. Willing to hurt millions of Americans for a political victory while on vacation.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone wou...
Obama stole billions from multiple federal agencies to cover and hide staggering Obamacare losses.
just heard, you have the lowest 100 day potus approval rating in the history of the US.    Congrats- bigly 
https://twitter.com/GREEDmustSTOP/status/892174158259380225 …
I agree with you and then  our president  should play the trump card on this.
Because liberals can't blame themselves for their mistakes. Its always someone else's fault. Trump is maga.
https://twitter.com/GREEDmustSTOP/status/892174158259380225 …
I'm stuck in that income bracket that I would have to pay way too much for insurance under Obamacare but yetdon'tqualifyforanygovernmenthelp
Need to repeal and get some competition for our money going no!
When are the police going to start being made to do their job and mirrors asked to step down for asking them to stand down
That was supposed to say City Mayors as to step down for telling the police to stand down during violent riots
I figured it out!
Voice to text
https://twitter.com/GREEDmustSTOP/status/892174158259380225 … #KILLFreddieFannieAppealforACA
Let's be clear. Obamacare is EVERYONE'S responsibility right now. Start doing what you said you'd do and make it better!
'He' never promised to 'make it better' - he promised to repeal and replace it 'with something terrific!' Typical hyperbolic campaign bull.
Poor people always use emergency rooms, so if you let it die, it really is not that bad. $5,000 deductible is no insurance anyway
#CCOT
As usual, you spout off with no facts. 1st it's called the ACA. Probably should've learned that by now. Too busy golfing/tweeting for facts?
Sounds like a threat, actually!
And 60 Billion on a WALL is appropriate????
Thank you President #Obama for #Obamacare. We miss you and your family!
I wouldn't give them a dam dime let it fail under its own weight it was designed to fail so let it happen!!
You couldn't even get your pathetic healthcare passed. Pulled the vote before a YUGE embarrassment.
The Affordable Care Act has saved thousands of lives. Your plan only benefits the wealthiest.
. Don't fund Obamacare please stick to your guns sir . Us regular people stand w you we don't believe the #FakePolls#MAGA
Congress needs to get to work to repeal and replace with a patient center system.
LIES!
Not dead yet. We will track this one. You LOVE to lie. Compulsive liar.
Once again - you speak "fiction!"
If you got Paul Ryan writing the new health plan. We all well die.. Hope you can tell my vote for him was a waste.. He never help no one..
Your making this country to be in serious trouble   Whn are u going to die and be gone.
Let it die. I want off that "plantation."
You realize that you sabotaged it, right?
It's the law of the land so it's your job to make sure it doesn't fail. LOL wait, sorry, forgot you have no idea what your job is. 
hold back funds! theyre doing all they can to sabotage U dont fall  4 sweetness or DEM games! O-care needs GONE! full repeal wld B NICE 2!
Only if you kill it. It's your ACA now , manage it or else.
民主党要钱自己不会融资吗？
Let both Democrats and Republicans present their Health Care Bills to the American people and let them vote #referandum A LAW OF THE LAND?
If it dies, you die at the ballot box.
Well that would be under your term.  Keep that in mind.  Millions dying because you don't care.  #FactsMatter #SinglePayer
If you think you can do a better job put your money were your mouth is and fix it you have plenty of money.
KILL IT NOW! Useless program. Hurting Americans.
I see a Trump approval rating of 30 % in your future.
It is no longer a Dem thing.  They lost.
It's your watch now and Obamacare is your baby.
You promised more coverage, better care.  Deliver!
You are correct,. The only reason it dies is because you shot it in the back!
Someone please take this mans phone from him. He's so embarrassing
President Trump I just wanted to thank u for ur accomplishments in ur soon 100 days u r a great President and thank u USA u
@Impeach_D_Trump and you are blind and naive !!
Lol 
This is your idea of Presidential behavior? "If you don't let me win, I'm gonna take my ball and go home!"  #snowflakeTrump
Hey Trump !!! What about this ???
You have been watching Fox Fake News again Damn Donald! You should have learned by now they are feeding you fake stories !
Your whole country is in serious trouble.
Prove it.
Your Act would make millions in distress. And your friends richer.
Fake President
And TRUMPCARE will kill more people
You think it is good to build walls, and gut environmental policies, but not embrace healthcare for all?!  UR Totally blind to basic needs!!
This is what happens when our country is being run by a group of pre-pubescent playground bully egos. Oh, how's your replacement plan doing?
Your plan requires big money too. Also your Defense planning and the Wall. More $$ than Obama ever spent.
You are a child keep #Obamacare and #maga no #trumpcare
Mr.President you are doing a great job... Don't let these clounds upset you...We are on your side !!!
It's not Dems that need money, it's the law of the land, and of course it will die if it loses necessary and planned FUNDING, you dope.
U DON'T KNOW THE FACTS AND REFUSE TO TRY AND LEARN THEM. DAMN, A DUMMY IN THE WH! WE WENT FROM THE SMARTEST TO THE DUMBEST POTUS IN 3 MONTHS
Please be a human and do what's right for 30 million of your people.  Save the ACA.  Keep the subsidies
Wrong!!!!!
May whatever happens to the ACA happen to you many times exponentially
Also putting in place some type of governing body to regulate extreme medical costs doctors equipment medicine xcetera
Not a cent of tax payer monies will be spent to build your wall!
I'm pretty sure that whatever KFC lover @realDonaldTrump has in mind as a fix it for Obamacare will be as bad or worse than the disease.
Democrats don't need the money, you fool, Americans need healthcare.  Are you willing to sacrifice our lives for a "win."  You are sad
It's doing great, thanks Obama!
Unfortunately letting it fail might be the only real fix for the law. It needs a full repeal not a bailout. Dont take over this failed law
Please do not fund it, REPEAL!!
LIES! fake new! Dems don't need the money to keep it going! Affordable Care Act is already in place. YOU NEED MONEY, to get rid of it.
Our country needs the ACA and you and your cronies are destroying it! YOU are tampering with something you don't understand
What!? Your job's to ensure Americans have healthcare, not bad mouth last guy cause you've failed to do anything.
#resist #trumpcare
anybody with half a brain knows that Obamacare is a failure and is getting worse
The Dems need big money to keep ACA going? Newsflash: Republicans control congress&presidency.
Yeah. This isn't true.
he's talking re..., (April 23, 2017; 10:20 EDT) #AFFORDABLECAREACT #TRUMP #FAIL
My doctor doesn't even accept obama care. Hard to find any medical coverage with it. What a joke more obama lies,wake up people
I would rather spend money on healthcare than a wall.....
You are the President if it fails that's due to you. Buck stops with you dude!
And you are working to ensure it fails.  HINT:  You are Pres now... any fail or harmed citizens is on you!
Obama Care has created more problems than good for me. Repealing it is right.
WRONG!
Thanks to you and the GOP who refused to expand Medicare!!
Proof that you plan to undermine Obamacare because you want it to fail. Selfish jerk. Affordable Care Act has helped millions. Improve it
No, the people of America need big money to keep it going, or they will lose insurance & will suffer. Stop playing chicken with our health!
Hogwash! President DT lies! This is law! You swore an oath! Uphold the law! Not about Dems! Do your job! You can't resign part of your job!
YOU are in serious trouble. #PeeTape #LeastPopularPresident
Your such the great negotiator and businessman but yet you didn't have anything to offer in place of ACA.  Republicans need to step up!
tRump wall is in big trouble! He needs big money to fund it or it dies like his tRump are did!  Oh my!  He's going to tax Americans for it!!
Step up and do your job for the people instead of for NeoCons & the Deep State > SINGLE PAYER!
Your people are in charge. Up to you to make it better
I doubt it.
Then fix it or replace it. Get a plan. You've got a majority in Congress. Quit whining like a big man baby and lead.
LIAR
So give it more money and stop wasting millions on golf security, trump towers security and secuity on your family business trips
Do what u do best, Donald!
your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY
You and the Republican party are to blame.  You should support Obamacare and the people it helps.
@realDonaldTrump you should try SUS( sistema único de saúde)  
We need to get rid of insurance companies for healthcare.
Even those of us who voted for you can see the plan you offer is not to our advantage, favor the insurance companies, & not what promised us
Why haven't you talked about Flint, MI?  Spend money where its needed first.
So the POTUS threatens the American people with death! When does Trump bring the greatest Health Care system in the world to America?
Nothing coming from your mouth can be believed l. You are a blatant liar. No credibility.  Drain the swamp of you.
You're the president now and we're counting on YOU to continue healthcare. Get real!
Don't fund it and don't budge (aka soften)
And soon enough, you will be labeled a MURDERER.
Corrupt deals are your forte. It was not in trouble until the 1% greedmongers decided they needed more profits. Money and free market hurts
The only reason it wouldn't have the money is if you stopped the money which you threatened to to get your wall #liarinchief #worstpotusever
Do you understand that you're the President and if ACA fails that's 100% your fault, right?
let it crash and burn then they can cry some more
I Saïd look to the Dutch Donald
Hey, why not get #Mexico to pay for it? #EventuallyButAtALaterDate
Am I reading this incorrectly? Or do you seem happy about the prospect that 24 million Americans who have health insurance might lose it.
Obamacare has been taken advantage of by the rich to get much richer I know doctors who manipulated prices because of Obamacare
Me too.
#IWillNotBeSilent  Aren't you ( @Potus ), in charge now?.  Please step-up Sir.
What LIE number is this, Donny? It's just SO darned hard to keep track, you know? #TrumpRussiaTreasonCartel
