
Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations?

Thank Obama 4 these numbers.Trump has create 1 single piece of legislation in regards to employment & economy.Everything still Obama's way
Here are your people by the way. Losers!
Not a costume I would wear, but what i REALLY find disgusting is that YOU support an ADMITTED serial sexual abuser...That's just GROSS!

What about the fact that you openly support an admitted Sexual Predator? I'm tried of listening to people like you in DENIAL!
This is so funny...like a comedy repeat that was never funny and never substantiated....
Trump Admin uses private email, NO PROBLEM, Trump lies 1,368 times, NO PROBLEM, raids in Niger & Yemen w US soldiers killed, NO PROBLEM! SAD
Just admit your crush on her. 
This tweet is a full-on desperate attempt to divert from mounting scandals, abject incompetence and impotence of the current president. Sad!
For the  of country, stop saying Hilliary sold uranium 2 Russia. You're constant lies abt it only makes you incompetent and foolish.
HILLARY should be in prison by now with obama and his administration. TRUE AMERICANS are SICK of it. Keep up the good work Mr. Hannity
Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations?
RT @seanhannity: HRC mishandles and destroys classified info-NO PROBLEM! Pay/play on Uranium one NO PROBLEM! Lynch BC ta...
Great Tweet. Haters gonna Hate.
Hannity......Now everyone is just LAUGHING at your DESPERATION. Did Trump call you today to help him with his bogus tweetstorm? lol LAME

You don't get the outcome you want...that's your problem A
HRC is not Americas Problem you Dolt! You openly support an admitted Sexual Predator and you want us to listen to you. NOT going to happen.
You're flailing. Wildly.
You're kind of grasping at straws there Sean. I'm wondering if Trump does the perp walk, will you be jobless?
How many times did HRC or her staff meet w/the Russians while running for Pres? Why hide/lie abt  innocent mtgs? On the  payroll too?
Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations?
I keep hearing Republicans hysterically crying that Hillary gave Russia Uranium.  Okay, what's President Trump going to do about it?
Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations?
We the people can't understand why HRC ass is not in jail. Double standards for POLITICIANS
Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations?
Can't wait until  10 pm to watch  Hannity to interview TRUMP JUNIOR ! Clear up the misunderstanding ! 
Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations?
#Benghazi no problem
Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations?
Getting desperate, Hannity? So is Trump.
WHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUT
This tweet doesn't reek of whataboutism at all. (Sarcasm implied)
O
How can our Government let this go with out the Criminal's being brought to Justice.
--
It is repulsive how THE BIASED MEDIA WILL NOT REPORT THE TRUTH ---WHEN BAD FOR LEFT OR GOOD FOR RIGHT
We can only Pray this evil cartel will be STOP  it's like a bad movie unbelievable
Again, Republicans r weak! No investigation, no back bone, no brains, no b_lls! We need to replace a lot of them. Go Trump!
Should be NO PROBLEM to prove her guilt! What are they waiting for???!
It's a "political thing" just like a former US Rep. trying 2 fund raise off my @advocatehealthcareer U believe that? d #HolySpirit #toldme
Clown, stop repeating the uranium lie.
Does someone have some Uranium that I can shove up #Hannity 's ASS?  Asking for a friend...
Brought to you by the Alex Jones School of Skeptics and "Journalism".
Didn't your mother ever tell you 2 wrongs don't make a right
Yawn. Stretch. Block Fox from channel lineup.
When sanity is finally restored here in the United States will you please retreat back into Putin's ass.
Sorry your narrative is collapsing, Sean
Don Jr. "full transparency" said on your show! Means refusing to testify in public. Even HRC did it for 11 hours. #littlebitch
Despite the fact these are lies,it doesnt help the matter that 45's campaign worked w/ RUSSIA to steal the election

@seanhannity is Kremlin propaganda. When this is over and Trump/team convicted, Hannity should be hanged for treason.
You know. That well is dry. You have nothing substantive to say or to defend the trump's indefensible. So you might want to take a seat.
What would the anti-democratic right do if it couldn't try to excuse its own bad behavior by lying about other people?
"uranium"
The Uranium business went through 9 agencies including Defense and Homeland Security. HRC couldn't stop it if she tried. Rest = nada.
Makes me sick that there are double standards in our government! And no news media keeps people dummied down because they lie
What it is some are filled with violence, corrupt & wicked thinking until they cannot discern between good & evil-----between black n white!
They seem to get away with all of their crimes!
Ask Donnie what uranium is bwhahaha
Sean, you prove every day that a big careless mouth is no substitute for integrity and education. You missed something formative.
Hannity didn't Ulearn URlesson abt spreading fakenewsfrm hvg 2retract Seth Rich story?UR an insult2real journalist ever been2war torn area?

That's double standards, what pathetic is how the Republicans are such pansies and won't defend the president, they're the swamp!
Do you even care when you tell a lie that a 5th grader w/ Google can debunk?
Or are you salty that the big black sue took your side piece?
If you are really this ignorant. What in God's name are you doing with a microphone???
Trump agree to weaken the US so Russia can take over. No problem
Hannity is a fool no problem!
They were problems. That's why HRC lost.
ALL OF THIS HAS BEEN DEBUNKED. PROBLEM! #TinyheartsTinyHandsNoBrains
I LOVE you Sean thanks for all the support you give to the gay community.not to mention your a great dancer!love you and Tylenol.
Hannity, it should be a crime to continue spreading false propaganda WHEN YOU KNOW ITS FALSE
Sure like to know where these so called facts came from? I'm going to check further on this!
http://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/article/2017/feb/16/donald-trump-repeats-his-mostly-false-claim-about-/ … here's one.
Here's another.
And another
There's more as well Then research all other hateful false claims HRC truly committed her life to pub service of this country & got spat on
She would've been an awesome POTUS & had earned it. Trump can't hold a candle o her except in the area of fraud & deceit.
The investigation of Rebubs & no-investigation of Dems is just A CLOWN SHOW. @TheJusticeDept will not be served for the American people.
That's what rubbed me raw more than anything is THE TARMAC w Lynch.  More than Donna lying Brazile!!
Why don't you all, meaning everyone get a life. Shut up and get your own house in order, it's been proven nobody is perfect...
Love president Trump but when is he going to finally bring Hillary down?
Lump Hannity is State Run Media.
The principle is old but true as fate. The king may love treason but the traitor hate
Not one of your examples was a foreign adversary threatening our security. No matter how it's spun its the same result-he colluded.


Clearly there is a different set of laws for liberals who can do no wrong it seems.
The double standard for dems and conservatives is so blatant it smacks of injustice.
It seems the Dems can do no wrong according to them.  What BS! Gotta stop this on going Witch Hunt and not doing their real jobs!
7 years later and Sean Hannity still has not lived up to his waterboarding challenge.  NO PROBLEM! https://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/3th1yu/did_sean_hannity_ever_get_waterboarded/ …
Talk about FAKE NEWS...this Uranium stuff was debunked LAST YEAR. LIAR, LIAR, LIAR!!!
Hannity looks like that Christian camp counselor that likes the children too much.
Fox News = Faux news, in some country is considered entertainment not news because they failed in 70% fact check. trumps only cable friend
You seriously can't get over Clinton? Try living in today with a fascist leader. Why so you want fascist America?
WRONG again! 
NOT TRUE: "quid pro quo" deal giving Russia ownership of 1/5 US uranium for $145M donatio
#FakeFox
They are under active investigation, right? I don't think that means no problem to any, other than media.
American's knows exactly what you mean. Please bring charges against all who broke the law and shut them up. Should have been done already
Didn't you promise to be water boarded to show it's not torture? When is that supposed to happen?

Do you believe in compromise Hannity?  I think it should be both/and but you have to admit the most pressing issue is @POTUS and Russia
Some of that stuff is probably a problem.  What if we just said all that and the Russia Trump treason should be looked at?
Whatta you gonna do when tRump is out...put you heads up the nazi's ass or maybe you start campaigning for Kushner...you seem to like crooks
@realDonaldTrump SSSoS!

Keep the lie or non truth going.  It will come back at you bigley. Collusion may not be a crime but let's keep saying actions are ok. Sad
Hush up @seanhannity it not a problem. It's just business as usual for the DEMS. Nothing to see hear. Go about your business.

trump power  we have your back trump   8 years
david wagner
The media cannot pull the wool over everyone's eyes. Most of the US is smart enough to see through the crap.

Liar, liar, pants on fire.
Tool
We're making progress everyone seems to accept our President Donald Trump now 
Why the hell everytime something comes up yall point the finger at something else. Take resposabily stay on topic. Yall are like children
@realDonaldTrump Thanjs for your http://job.Now  tell Reps. to get backbone get healthcare done. Im sick of dems c... l love USA !!
The biggest problem I see is you.
No.. N.y times

Remember Reagan speech America are you better off in the last 8 years? How's your family pocketbook?


I don't understand, are you saying Trump is doing all of these same things Clinton did and we should give Trump a pass?
Shaun I herd a member of the Trump campaign met with a Janitor from Russia.  They asked if he could clean up the Liberals b.s. Against Trump
Truth, who needs it, eh Hannity?
Where exactly do you get your misinformation?
You corrupted like donald trump an the rest from the republican party your talking point cant fool us did trump promises u a job get out hr
congratulations!
https://twitter.com/UniteAlbertans/status/885525117706436609 …
Please stop retweeting this Propaganda.  It does not help your credibility at ALL!
Shut up abt HRC.  The tool YOU backed is prez and he's a goddam disaster

She lost the election for what she did. Trump ran a fake university and colluded with Russia. Trump supporters: "NO PROBLEM!"
....
Shut up about Hillary...  She's not the president...  and check your facts, the uranium never left the country
The GOP needs to grow a spine....or perhaps they are all swamp creatures....we need to fight back...
Just a matter of time Hannity, you're going down, just like your buddy O'Reilly.
Perhaps your buddy @realDonaldTrump can finally hire that prosecutor to investigate HRC?! Why doesn't he do that?

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
Hillary had numerous trials and always found not guilty. Trump has had no hearings as of yet. Let's make judgment after his hearings!!
U r such a high paid shiv. Do u ever get sick of lying. Covering up and hurting the usa. Doubt it in ur mansion on LI sound. Traitor to usa
Where are the GOP going to grow some balls and call for the Democratic Party to be investigated
Exactly. Now you're getting it 
Fake news.
"I am a conservative and when faced with a subject I cannot comprehend I will just shout CLinton over and over again" - Hannity
We have evidence & facts about all there crimes so where the hell are the indictments??
Hannity putting out lies, misinformation, more lies, non truths, etc.......NO PROBLEM! You see how that works Sean?
Yes sir it's a crying shame what Fox News has turned into it's almost like reading The Inquirer sad real sad. You need a new man in charge
Stop misinforming the public. If you actually researched what you talk about, you would find that the Uranium lie you yabber on about is BS.
THAT'S RIGHT YOU ARE ENTERTAINMENT NOT NEWS
LOL comrade trump has committed treason, he has compromised democracy and you're still talking about Hillary. what kickback are you getting?
Exactly. Jesse Waters called her Teflon--nothing sticks!
We the people want justice on dems ties
Trump's in trouble so dig up Clinton's name
Idiot, mishandling class info is not necessarily a crime. Destroying class info is the proper way to get rid of it.  She did little wrong.
It's a backwards mixed up mess.  But I love my president and he has my full support.  I don't believe any of their lies!
President Trump should get someone to investigate Obama and Clinton
You're losing it sean!

@seanhannity
It sounds like the makings of some marvelous investigations, prosecutions, and life-time imprisonments
Sean, we NEED to put EVERY elected or appointed official on a lie detector.  Question the "HELL" out of each of them.  Fire/jail failures!
FBI can't touch their servers... No Problem. Seth Rich?
Which HRC email incriminates her being sifted through with a fine tooth comb?  Which ones incriminate Trump? - simple
Hannity and Fox are Trump's private PR firm.  What a joke you are.  :D
We may have voted for change but the same old people are still running this country the shadow government deepstate & nothing can stop them
You forgot puppet trump pay/play cabinet- No problem. Puppet trump dishonesty-no problem.  #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #pence4prez
Definitely DOUBLE STANDARDS, Dems. I personally am sick of your CRAP! I am, however, enjoying you destroy your party with no platform......
HRC IS NOT PRESIDENT!
@realDonaldTrump we need justice and they need to be prosecuted...but they are above the law .sickening
All the Dems should be arrested all are corrupt and evil liars why can't the GOP see that
Yeah but she's not president.  She lost.  Get over it.  That's what you would tell me.
