
Donald, enough with the excuses already there are severe issues going on throughout the country. What does it take for you to do the job you were elected to do and fix it a court order or something? You need to be impeached.
You just hit yourself with a hammer trump
Thank you.
thomas jefferson sent im the marines and muslem terrorist didnt bother us for 179 years
Look at that, 30 thousand retweets! Most likely by his moronic fan base.
You are a cynical like no other after so, so many lives for lost, your comment is no help, no solace!
Fake news!
Trump knee jerk reaction on Barcelona

Repeat an internet hoax

to justify atrocities

Unfit

Fox:
After a week of equivocation

and false equivalence on domestic racist terrorism
Joint Chiefs show moral clarity in wake of Trump’s equivocation on racism
Sen Corker:

Trump hasn’t shown stability, competence or understanding.
Trump ignores right wing white supremacist terrorism

Anti-Defamation League:
Trump does more than ignore white supremacist terrorism, he encourages them.
and yet he denounced them
And yet when he spoke his heart, he said that there were some good among them.  I wonder one of those good ones was Alex Fields, car driver.
There you go with another tall tale... Fake news.
she's twice the man you are you orange pig... GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!!! because the UK is doing three times better then we are thanks to your shit "leadership" just resign and do us all a favor moron
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
The Mind of Moran is a meaningless thought
All these liberals love gays like Shep Smith are   freeloaders like Obama & Hillary. We won!!
You are spreading fake news.  You need to read a real history book not the tabloids. You said you were smart. That was fake news also.
You are right!  There is no other way to deal with these people!  Thank you Sir
This is one time that history should repeat itself.
He used Cavalry from the Indian Wars.
Muslims are gaining ground and taking over towns! Something needs to be done now!
Travel bans & immigration merit that weighs their faith's 'fatal defect rate.' If they were products, they'd be too risky.
General Pershing's way  dealing with terrorists excellent.  no reason why you Mr President can't do the same. PIGS & HOGS!
It's no wonder our country is in the state It's in with all the DemocRATS, leftwing n the bleeding hearts whining about Trump  #Trump2020
do it Me Trump. We stand beside you
That's a great ideal President Trump.  Let's show them we mean business. Pigs blood and a bullet sounds great to me.
Perfect Pershing Punishment!
let them eat cake er. pork
drown them in pigs pee
President Trump...ignore the stupid commies..they spread lies..let them cry and scream at the sky. keep up the great work!
Your quotes are very timely. It brings out the idiots very quickly and without some real thought. MAGA.
History of the Marine Corps indicates that the Barbary pirates were well handled to the very shores of Tripoli. Go get them Mr. President.

Mr T Sung Su is what U need for these mongrels and heathens. http://classics.mit.edu/Tzu/artwar.html 
IT WORKED... And it probably saved more MUSLIM lives, than anyone else... Pershing's actions, were NO MORE "barbaric", than the actions of the Moro insurrectionists of his day... OR the Islamic Jihadists, of today.
do it!
We know the fix let's get it implimented one American like is not worth all the refugee cocktails admitted in with there terrorist element's
It's time America revisits Black Jack Pershing's solution to rid the US of terrorists.
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror...
We don’t have to accept Islamic terror as a way of life. Do whatever it takes with no apologies
How true
History dolt.  Can’t even respond
It's not about what he did...I WANNA SEE YOU DO SOMETHING GREAT...
Study what my Mother did after hearing one lie. Now where did I leave that bar of Lava?
This has NOTHING to do with Islamic terrorism! U R a racist & a idiot! @realDonaldTrump
study what you did after the Las Vegas massacre, and get back to us on that silencer bill you are considering signing, ok?
Racist phony drivel from a racist phony POTUS.
This is a fake story.   Never happened.
So, you are suggesting that we do the same thing to you and your followers then.... I agree.

*U lost by 3 million people*
study what Americans did to Nixon it next we didn't have an idiot in the whit house till now. make America great again DUMP trump
hey study what Americans did with Nixon and see how we didn't have an idiot in the whit house till now!
What about the American born terrorists?
We need to just do it. The whiners will stop after awhile and no one will for them. The left that is.
Is this the #secretplan ? I love it! We can also draw pictures of Mohammad, they can't look at him! #MAGA trumps ISIS
Got anything to say about white supremacist terror?
Nah,didn't think so.
All historians have debunked the Gen Pershing pig blood bullet story is fake. Those pesky facts.....
he never deleted this tweet -- and this tweet is a lie, right?
He made the punishment worse than death.  And the Survivor tell everyone about it. Effective but cruel and inhumane!
I don't think that's the way to solve the problem in this case. I'm sure it won't come down to that.
i don't give a shit about walls anymore.
That is bullshit!
Those radical Islamic terrorists who aided T.E. Lawrence against the Turks. Disgusting. Should have been deported.
34%
TRUMP SINCE YOU BECAME PRESIDENT THERE HAS NOT BEEN ONE TERRORIST ATTACK IN AMERICA KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK KEEP US SAFE
The stupid is very strong with this statement (since is completely fucking FALSE).
Ummmm he never did that
Way better to study THE LIFE AND TEACHINGS OF JESUS and do what HE would today by personalizing his Spirit of Truth and Idealistic Beauty!
Of all human knowledge that which is of greatest value is to know the religious life of Jesus & how he lived it! Discover THE URANTIA BOOK!
This more than any other of Pres. Falsehood's confabulations points to sociopathic personality disorder, mental illness.
Execute terrorists, foreign or domestic, no appeal.
We support President Trump.
General Pershing was right. We should do the same to these terrorists.
I look forward to many Klan heads rolling.
Are the cupcakes getting their panties in an uproar again?  LOL!  Love it!
You haven't got a notion about history! These are "fake facts" but they really are false
1. You just suggested war crimes.
2. This never actually happened. Like most of the shit you spew. But, remember-you like to get the facts?

The General Pershing tale about bullets dipped in pig's blood is whopper of a lie.
@Twitter he suggests war crimes as a military tactic and you can't do anything? If only you had rules for this kind of thing... oh wait 
I suggest uou stay home and do your homework as you are flunking out as Prez. Our nation is ashamed of you Dumald Trump.
Will a similar tactic be useful to suppress fundamental-Christian terrorism, American Nasis, and white supremacist?

Only problem is you got this wrong
Please help the children and innocent animals
Like I said you are weak! Thought you could match words with Kim Jong Un. Stupid weak like the others in the past.
Why don't our currrnt Generals, study, Pershing?
Islam is not terrorism and terrorism has no religion
It is a SIN to tell a LIE, 'cuz  u KNOW ur doing WRONG rather than what's RIGHT & it's a SIN TO TELL A LIE! Why exalt ungodliness! ITS UGLY!
Exactly.  But leftists are not known for knowing history or having a backbone.  They do like antifa with their cowardly gang style attacks.
DJT=Stupid
Revisionist history, never happened, U listen to idiots. Makes U one too.
Boy @realDonaldTrump, how you conflate history. You're still being ridiculous. #resist
FYI repeating lies does not make them true.
Some #Pershing says : Moslems will not eat pork believing that no one could enter Paradise if there is a swine flesh in their bodies.
@gcamp4 YOUJUST LOST 2of ur most loyal employees.No one else has ur back. @HRMcMasterNSC is ur Judas along with @Paul Ryan
Too bad this was a debunked lie a long time ago. Never happened. Pershing read Koran to prisoners. You know shit about history
Now we have RADICAL ANTIFA TERRORIST running in the streets dressed like isis.
Just start shooting them.
I look for someone to do that, no one likes to be hit with poles.
It would solve the problem. Get rid of that scum.
Those people are being paid to do this.
Easy to see that.
Check your facts and history.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Yes show everyone your Hitler jr ideas..you  must be related to Hilter Sr from your behavior.
I'd say study Puss-in-Boots. Most cats could learn a lot from him. He was no general, but he has a really very great hat. 
Donald Trump the ignoramus. Read a effin book you fool. Fake prez. RESIGN!
This is a fake story...never happened...sad!!
#FakeNews. Before you tweet about history, please learn the facts!
False! I mean FAKE NEWS!
He killed them all. Drive them bk into the dessert..the filthy savages
I see you are once again studying Ripley's Believe it or Not.
Bullets dipped in pig's blood, really? We need more people like him! We have been fighting Muslims since the crusades. Time for a victory!
Dont forget domestic terrorism by alt- right neo Nazis!!
Just be sure to inact the same on domestic terrorism!!
How did you ever think you would slip that lie by the press.  FAKE NEWS!
Sorry #FAKENEWS
@realdonaldtrump 
epitome of ,#EAKENEWS
The descendants of Pershing should sue you for calling him a war criminal. So should the Army!
that was proven to be a lie, but are you really that crazy?
Mentally upset
What?
That's because THIS DIDN'T HAPPEN. How many times will you repeat the same lie? You can't even keep the lie the same! SAD!
 how worng can somebody be in just one tweet?
,
   Maybe we could figure out a way to use pork rinds to bring America's white domestic terrorists into line. 
You are perpetuating a LIE.  This didn't happen.
So now we are being asked to study fake news invented by others!  Where will it all end?
Hey look @ that ! U made @PolitiFact's "Pants-on-Fire" score !

The President tweeting fake news.  Figures.
So much winning! Bless you Mr. President
are that stupid that you donl't know easy it is to check your lie?????  hahahahahahahahahahahaha
Yeah try reading a book on that history. You are wrong again!
#PresidentDunce you do know this story is inaccurate. However, just like everything else you know more than anyone. #TrumpNarcissism
No we have just have a white terrorist in the Oval Office. Sad
#FakePresident #LiarInChief #UnfitForOffice #Incompetent45 #Weak45 #TrumpIsUnfit #RacistInChief #TrumpRussia #Mueller #25ththe45th #Resign45
Liar. He never did this you dolt.
Mr Trump,
Incorporate solar panels in the wall construction at the Southern boarder and sell the electric to Mexico & use the power for wall
This story is fictitious and you are just gullible enough to believe it! Passing along a lie - it's what you're good at!
Any plans for the Radical Racism and Ineptitude of Donald Trump to stop?  #impeachtrump
so you always 'wait for the facts', and then decide if you ignore them or not? #asshat #spreadinglies j.xo
Hes called BLACK JACK FOR A REASON; The story is UNPROVEN doesnt mean it doesnt have TRUTH; Buried bodies with a pig https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/8/18/1691298/-Donald-Was-Too-Nice-to-General-Pershing-But-Got-the-Spirit-Right …
Here is something people should think about
He was called BLACK JACK FOR A REASON!  https://www.truthorfiction.com/general-john-j-pershing-dipped-bullets-in-pigs-blood/ …
FAKE.  LIES.  Oh wait
Your still ok .... U were not specific of what he did.,.He did bury thier bodies with a PIG to DISCOURAGE LUNATICS!
Why don't we do in now
FAKE NEWS! NEVER HAPPENED! HOW CAN YOU REPEAT THESE LIES?! YOU'RE PRESIDENT, SCHMUCK! WAKE UP! WHOLE WORLD IS LAUGHING AT YOU--AND U.S.
still waiting on you to prove this story, or its another one of your lies
#ignorepotus
With respect, Mr President, that was the Khmer Rouge that reportedly did that, not Pershing. Let's not copy that!
  http://www.historyplace.com/worldhistory/genocide/pol-pot.htm …
I read it long ago. Figured it was not smart to mention it.
Shut down the Swamp if the Wall doesn't get approved.
In Trump's defense, it's hard to understand history when it's questionable as to whether or not one can read.
Once again a lie. Nothing you say is true.
Just another example of the stupidity of #45. Repeating widely debunked self-serving "fake news ". The deplorable's will believe that!
Another proven lie-where do you get all of these untruths? You do not have the brains to think of them yourself.
It was not yet the time that US fought wars all over the world. Everything in Middle East for decades by US is based on Christian faith...
bullshit
