You have work no time for chit-chat!
your speech was great!!  loved it!!  :)
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!...
y feling Is for You.Thank You again. As You can see,l' m trying to understand Your Desire and thougth..Love.ME.
We know you smashed someone in Iowa, spill it sister
R u trying to become a DICTATOR
Fuck you. Sincerely, an Iowan.
Seconded by another Iowan.
Your a disaster
Oh joy the local Iowa Downs Syndrome Care Center had an outing. How nice
Special people like the special needs journalist you mocked. Wow thanks for confirming the assumption of those who still show up.
U are the most transparent President.  The liberals & fake media won't admit it because of their blind hate.  Speak to us directly, please.
U are doing great, Mr. President.
If you resign you could spend the rest of your life doing rallies. Form a new political party The Trump Kingdom
@Scavino45 @SHSanders45 @KellyannePolls @Reince @POTUS 
FABULOUS & HEARTFELT SPEECH LAST NIGHT.  Come back to Louisiana.
You were awesome. Great speech @realDonaldTrump 
That was such a great speech#MAGA
You were amazing! #MAGA
Yeah, right ... I know you don't read newspaper, but you might want to read the front op page of the Gazette ...
To all @realDonaldTrump enemies #AmericanPatriots are 100% behind #Trump

#POTUS #AbcNews #Bloomberg #Google #CBSNews #Reuters #NBCNews #NBC
Did you just say that @POTUS was the enemy of @realDonaldTrump
You slammed poor by suggesting aren't smart enough to hold office, only rich ppl can run economy is very flawed thinking  #Impeach45
Ur decision on visa is not appreciable
Take an IQ test you'll find money does not equate to intelligence you are living proof

perfect analogy as wrestling in completely fake too
Another "You love me" speech.
What's up with Andrew Napolitano's hairline? It's like he's going the opposite of bald. Like his hair's coming for the rest of his face.
Did your little pep rally make you feel all better? #ImpeachTrump #SaveAmerica #SaveYourSeats Don't go down in history as Co-conspirators!
"How stupid are the people of Iowa? How stupid are the people of the country to believe this stuff"?
REALLY STUPID BY THE SOUNDS OF IT!!

How come you aren't talking about the very serious Russian hacking of our democracy??  Are you complicit ?  Are you afraid people will
Great job, Mr. President!! MAGA! 
But if you fact check you LIED about so many THINGS. Why can't you be honest?
Did you notice all our giant windmills? Iowa loves their green energy! Creating jobs! You are #NotIowaNice
Great speech Sir!!! 
Hand picked robots. Sad
you gonna start presidenting yet or
Yall gonna quit losing or
won the war tho
Baaaaha yeah keep watching that cnn
haven't watched CNN in years, nice try




Are the good folks of Iowa aware of major cuts to Medicaid & tax cuts for your rich friends in secret health care bill. #Iowa #morningjoe
If it's so secret, how do you know what's in it? Seems you're just repeating bull crap you heard. Educate yourself.
Exactly, trumpers don't care if they are screwed by the richest. 
They are all against HC. And pro guns! And they love God and are hateful !
Yep, you got it. You know us all so very well. I don't support all things Trump. If the bill that is presented is worse, I won't support it.
Well that's what I learn from the trumpers reactions. 
How can you support a HC where 23 million people will be excluded?
Those reports such things are speculating. They don't know the particulars of the bill anymore than you do. Also, I doubt it's going to pass
Those who report such things**** switching back to Apple stock keyboard. Google sucks!
There's the wannabe Obama. How'd the ego rally go, illegitimate? Get those #'s above 36%?
Dope rally bro Hope your ego was quenched!
There is no place in America, a civilized society for Anti-American Americans. That's all . . .
You're special.
You are welcome to come back any time!  We Respect you in IA! Keep up the good work!
Please keep not doing your job.
Quit lying to people. We have you figured out
Ur amazing trump build that wall
Those rallies are just like masturbating in public, right ? It feels good & you love the attention.
Didn't hear you promoting any unity in your "us against them and we're winning " speech. Dick.
Even the poor people?
Money does not equate intelligence or helping others. You lied about draining the swamp. You lied about a lot of things.
I think he drained the swamp to build a new build golf course for his friends.  The rest of America can't get in.
What a great rally!!!
We are ready to vote again for 2020!!

The Dems still haven't figured it out, we love your tweets, we love your rallies because we love what you are doing for this country!
What has he done for YOU?????????????????

You got yourself a follow caramia.

I love this Twitter person. So many applicable situations!
Please do these all the time!
They can replace daily briefings.
Idiot.
Calling someone an idiot with a pic. of a woman wearing a Hajib, thinking it is a symbol of "Feminism" Since it isn't the Burka it is?
It's a Hijab, butthole. And no, it's not anti feminist. Did you go to college?
College does not remake people into some all knowing super beings. It merely means you paid to be indoctrinated in the hope of future $$.
College educated folks are not a new aristocracy, able to pass judgement and to rule over those who elected not to go.
I have read and learned five times as much in the five years after graduating than I ever did or could have at university.
Good Morning  Mr. President! You are a special person & I am so proud to be an American  we made the best decision by electing you! #WIN
I could not be prouder of our President! God Bless him every day!
What are you proud of? That he's a worldwide laughingstock?
he is. Australia hates him
Who cares #AMERICAFIRST
Because we dont live in a vacuum. Who do you expect to but our goods? America First policy shrinks the economy.
alien invasion time. Need to reset America and its nationalistic bs
Will they still love you when they learn #Trumpcare takes away their insurance & gives the rich a big tax break?
Oh you're the one civilian who has read the Senate bill?
Read the linked article. There will likely be other analyses today. Read them, too. That's what being an informed citizen means!
No thanks. I don't fall for clickbait.
That site is the resistance. Sorry Charlie. I'm not doing it.
Afraid of facts? #Trumpflake
Here's a fact you're afraid of:  He will not be impeached.
donald when are you meeting sarfaraz??? pls reply me
Pakistani Chutiya 
Oh wow, but then again, it the only vocabulary you guys have. A big round of applause for you
Oh yeah!!  but then again, its only thing which ur country teaches u. Pure chutiya people no doubt at all.
Oh wow, again. So nice, if only you had access to a dictionary, you might catch up on a few new words #Hope
No word is more apt than Chutiya to address a Pakistani. Got it!! #KeepHoping
We speak to people in their mother language.
I don't need moral lessons from a terror country.
#MadrassaChaap
If by "special" you mean stupid, you are correct.
They are indeed *special *.
You love attention, like a child. How about you do your job, instead of letting everyone else do it.
GREAT SPEECH! THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU ALL ARE DOING!

Yes, we know you love the adoring fans as a candidate.  When are you going to be president? The campaigning should be over!
You were hired by some American people to do a job; but, it looks like you are not doing it, why?
How is it that POTUS has this much time to waste on Twitter? We are not getting our $$$'s worth.
Mr. President, please come visit Missouri soon!
big victory when the total IQ and total number of teeth of the crowd is less than 100...way to go. You fit right in.
Love you Mr. Trump. You are a God sent to heal this hurt nation. Do not forget to be humble before the Boss JESUS.
Yeah, they're "special" all right.
Go HOME  to WH and work !! They asked you NOT to come after all the programs you shut down. SOON no states  will  want you even if you Pay
Fool
Again there is more of America than your pep rally states.
@Disney @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  I will NOT watch another Johnny Deep movie. #toofar #unitedwestand.
Oh did you win the primary ?
You are not campaigning get to work
Wonderful and inspiring as always Mr President DJTRUMP God bless our great America 

idiots the lot of them
You have to go all the way to Iowa to find supporters!?
Oh they're special alright; Special Needs
Good to see a WWE Hall of Famer!
Tosser
Hey Donald, I just inherited 216 million! That qualifies me for a cabinet job! DM. #onlyricharequalified #money=smarts #impeachtheleach
Imagine how I feel being an Iowan living in California.  Go Trump
Yes, your "special" people. Pretty soon it's going to be crying Donald when you're ousted!!!

Morons and imbeciles as far as the eye can see They actually think that a guy that lies every time he opens his mouth will not lie to them.
Do you only travel to 4 states. Iowa, Florida, Wisconsin and Indiana. There are 46 other states you have to choose from.
The people of America are indeed special but the ones who voted for you are special needs. "I just love my uneducated voters (your words).
They are special, alright. They did vote Cruz, after all.
RALLIES: That's what We The People from every state would like to have happen! Mr. President bring it on! That's when you are at your best!
Great day for The Donald DeathCare.
Illegal don't have goverment benefits they don't qualify abyway
Misinformation, tangents, bragging: Campaign Trump is back!
Come to Portland. You'll receive the warmest welcome of your lifetime.
Special is a polite way to describe liar doofus Trump supporters. So special!
So many people sucked in by a con man. Sad to see, so sad. #TrumpDoesntCare about you. All you are is props and ego strokers
What are you going to do about North Korea killing an American citizen?
Yes! Loved how you praised Goldman Sachs! So glad the future of the US economy is in their hands! What can go wrong? Oh, wait  #dumptrump
it is amazing how easily you lie to people knowibg your lies will most likely mean they won't be able to afford hc anymore.
Great night of more lies from your crooked mouth.
@charlesornstein @AllOnMedicare @maddow Wish you'd start visiting all the low income Medicaid people who lose insurance under Trumpcare!
SSI IS BEING USED AS A FORM OF WELFARE BY PEOPLE WHO PRETEND.  IF I CAN SEE THROUGH THEIR ACTS THEN I SAY THERE ARE
Have fun with your cult of deplorable?LMAO!

You said poor people shouldn't be in Cabinet and apparently you speak to God now? If you're hearing voices, please tell someone.

Cedar Rapids , Waterloo or Des Moines ...lots of corn, more forvethanol ...
Did you get some prostitutes to piss all over you Donald?
SPECIAL is correct!  I don't mean that in a good way.
What all 3 of them that showed up hahaha
Trumpcare or Stompcare ...Dont Stomp on us ..read the bill..if you can..
“But in those particular positions I just don’t want a poor person...If you insist, I’ll do it, but I like it better this way.”
And how many more lies did you spew while there? Lied about saving jobs, lied about the Russians, lied about obstruction of justice..
AND SECURE A DANG MOSQUE FOR?  THE FBI SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN INVOLVED IN THAT AT ALL, ESP. WITH THE
TAXPAYER FUNDING.
We needed that rally, Mr. President!
Thank you!
#MAGA
Welcome to visit our school Mr. President in West Burlington,  Iowa
I felt the collective IQ of the state of Nebraska jump up significantly when some of the deplorables went to your stupid pep rally. #LOSER
Ha ha
How many Walmart giftcards did that rally cost you?
There's this scene in Soapdish where SallyField goes 2 mall 2 get noticed by fans when in need of ego boost.This rally!
I love you sir.
Iowans don't like you @realDonaldTrump
@David_Lori1213 U obviously loved speaking to US the people in Iowa&We loved it even seeing U on TV!  U rallied & inspired!
Thank You stay sting.
33000 new coal jobs is another lie 22,000 of the jobs in gas oil and solar Can you ever be factual You lost the popular vote
We love you
poor fatty has to go get his emotional fill up. cause he is so needy and insecure.
I just want to know did you actually say that a poor person is not worthy of a cabinet position bc they are not smart enough?
No one likes you! Your hair looks ridiculous. I'm sorry none of your staff has the balls to tell you! You'd think @IvankaTrump would!
Hear the hall was only about half full? Guess if your base has slipped to 34%, your gonna have fewer gap-toothed trumpers there.
A particularly fine butt kissing for Lying Don. How many where there? 100,000...150,000? SAD
You mean ZOMBIES. People that praise your diatribes towards sinking your country must be dead or mentally challenged.
Such a shame you still have to have campaign rallies instead of governing.  Can't get anything passed so I guess that is a way to pass time.
You gotta go
You told more lies in Iowa than I could count.  Stay out of my state!
They looked like special people.
Did you forget that Iowa uses wind ?
Lol, they are "special" people huh?
