We see through your PROPAGANDA! Change the laws that Favor CorporateAmerica over Main Street! Show us the Language in a Bill! Not your LIES!
So when R you going to bring the jobs you created overseas here to the States?
Another Con Job! Show us your tax returns! This Tax Bill U Speak of is another Redistribution of wealth to the top like When Reagan Did It!
So will your businesses be doing its manufacturing here in the U.S. or will you continue to be a hypocrite?
Businesses exist to make money. US policies make the US less competitive in this respect. You criticize a business owner for making money?
No you criticize the man who tries to speak on bad business practices, when he himself does the same.
It's good business practice to avoid higher taxes. Which is why Trump is trying to cut red tape and taxes for businesses (more jobs)
Lol. Have you seen Trump's business track record?
Also he has billions of dollars and is the elected President of the USA. The man is successful.
He TOOK JOBS from Americans & now you think he's going to fix it? He's only out for #1, himself.
Globalism occurs when business men know they can pay less to people in underdeveloped countries. Its not business, it's exploitation.
Why are you yelling? You have a microphone.
Trump hates the disabled children. This is my son. A pre existing condition
States have to apply for the right to refuse insurance due to preexisting conditions. Then insurance companies have to decide to as well.
why does it feel like you are yelling?

https://twitter.com/jefiorentino/status/860241365820690433 …    Poor SARAH HUCKABEE
U R so full of 
#KARMA @VP @potus @SpeakerRyan @RepPaulCook @RepJimBanks @MarshaBlackburn @RepLizCheney @BarbaraComstock @RepDeSantis @virginiafoxx #EVIL
U all should be ashamed of yourselves supporting this SELF-ADMITTED sexual predator abuser #Shame #ImpeachTrump #UnseatGOP Morals?


No!
God Bless you President Donald Trump,  never call Obama President because he did not deserve it. Now we have one I can call President thanks
"...hard at work tearing down everything you hold dear."
FREEDOM OF SPEECH. FREEDOM OF WORSHIP. FREEDOM FROM WANT. FREEDOM FROM FEAR.
Thank you #PresidentTrump!  #MAGA
And now we will have "dump care" gfy!
Everyone, lets all be in this together, no matter left or right..
You couldn't pay me to watch this. #Liar #TrumpLies #RyanLies
You're wise.  I watched, it was painful. He struggles to read.
U.S. Economy getting better than before this a reality but somehow mine is worse ! Because I have still zero account.  Can you imagine ? 
POLL

How would you rate President Trumps first 100 days???

Vote below and #RETWEET 
Go follow @realDonaldTumpr
You are missing "holy shit I'm still president? We are fucked" which has my vote #option4
Happy Cindo De Ported
Kssssst

Some brilliant stuff in here folks. Nothing about how you're going to lose your health care though. Keep that quiet. Nothing to see here

YUP!!! KNOCKIN' ALL THEM DEADBEATS OFF THE HEALTHCARE SYSTEM LEAVES MORE JOBS FOR THE REST OF US (when they die)
#BRILLIANT


You are amazing! Please keep the foot on the gas! We love what you are doing!

Resist what? A chat with Australia? A great jobs report? Killing a health care take over that was already song a slow death? Why you mad?
@FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner THANK YOU, PRES TRUMP for All You're Doing to make USA Great, Strong & Safe #MAGA 
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT TRUMP
Believe me...believe me...same old crap!!

Are you going to give us a warning before you start automatically turning on our TVs and playing this every Friday?
this is the most fearful thought I have EVER contemplated omfg
Regulations removed obamacare replaced & fair trade all goodA+ your score! We know it's not been easy first 100 days we sent our best to WH
We need to continue to #DrainTheSwamp if need be government shutdown to really #DrainTheSwamp do it! Don't be bullied Dems will own it!
Biggest victory will be to destroy establishment neocon globalist they're  enemy of the world including America remove globalist from earth
You need to smack @Reince45 what a bone head would think Lindsey Graham is a conservative he's a democrat!
Go to #DrainTheSwamp of the Republican Party all never trump must be crushed #JackassJohn #Mcshame and #swampratRYAN none can be trusted
Grammar seems to be your greatest enemy bud.
It's obvious you're mentally challenged talk to your psychiatrist about it if this is a medical emergency call 911 healthcare isn't a right
Looks like your 2nd greatest enemy is humor.






Obamacare is bad but Trumpcare will be worse as millions of your supporters lose access to doctors.
That's a big lie you are telling the people! No truth  to what you R saying! Obamacare caused 10 of millions to loose the health insurance!
They don't know what their talking about. They all say the same stupid lies
Señor presidente donald trump ocupate de tu gobierno y no estes pisotiando al pueblo cubano no lo permitire payaso
President Trump God. B

God bless you. We pray 6
#WeeklyAddress ...
Tax cuts for the rich and only the rich.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
repeal Obamacare for #trumpdontcare

@realDonaldTrump#youareadouchebag
There really is a special place in Hell for men like you—men who remorselessly take away the healthcare of 24M people. BURN. IN. HELL.
Here is an idea....go to work and buy your own healthcare. It isn't a right to get healthcare...it is a privilege.
@realDonaldTrump We really don't want to hear you talk anymore. Please stop trying to make America great and just fade away.
Disagree
Not surprised.
I like this guy!!
The funny part is, that Trump takes credit for something that is an annually occurring change. Season workers get employed during spring.
CONMAN when your lips are moving we know you're lying you can't help yourself every day more lies ! CONMAN NMP !!
Only ones growing are the wealthy.  Trumpcare became just a big tax cut for the wealthy.
Satan speaks 
We Love You Mr President
Where's the Thumbs Down Button?
My American son is welcoming u in Riyadh 
Jobs.  Yep we want some more minimum wage jobs. Keep more people in poverty.  Businesses & the 2% need to pay for infrastructure they use.
Thank you President Trump for your hard work & dedication to the people of the United States of America! 
Release your tax returns. NO CONSIDERATION of tax reform until your taxes are reviewed. @SenToomey @SenBobCasey @RepMeehan
I see there are a lot of people that prefer social grants to jobs commenting here. How can anyone disagree with this?
Weekly Verbal Diarrhea Address #rigged #drumpf #illegitimate
lies lies lies
YOU HAVE A LOT OF NERVE FAKE PREZ SPOUTING TOTAL BS, DEMEANING THE ONES WHO VOTED FOR YOU -SHAME ON YOU BAD BAD SO VERY BAD NOT GOOD FAKE ..
end the insurance blackmail, no more hostage payments to private insurance companies, court said payments were illegal
You don;t look relaxed/maybe you are not in charge of the situation.
Save time by not listening.  It's all bullshit.
Great job president Donald Trump,  100% support from the beginning  !  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Mr. President: all Presidents are blamed and critiqued for all things good an bad. Set your ego on hold.
Did not miss it. POTUS Veterans are waiting for the VA REFORM you made in Campaign Promise.
Your addresses are great. Good work
Keep up the great work. Thank you!
Lies lies & more lies!Quit lying to the people!

In first 100 days, you've been sued in Fed Courts 134 times- nearly 3 times the number of your 3 predecessors in their early months combined
Showem how it's done TRUMP ,showem how it's done!
maybe new glasses would help? This intense staring at the teleprompter, trying to read the words someone put there, is quite scary
https://twitter.com/AmyMek/status/860689148272934912 … the persecution of christians
While U.S. Media is busy pretending Muslims are Victims...

ISLAMIC State Warns of Coming Attacks on…
love it keep up the good work! Don't listen to the fake news we got your back!
Our future looks very bright. The Dems will not admit it.

Thank you !POTUS
AIDS/HIV, acid reflux, acne, ADD, addiction, Alzheimer's/dementia, anemia, aneurysm, angioplasty, anorexia, anxiety,
I really support you President Trump
Liar, liar... pants on fire!
#ugly
Why does your plan still cover Viagra of all things? Lol. These guys would be a hilarious joke if they weren't in power.
Looks like he's taking a painful shit the whole 5 minutes he's reading.
I need anti-nausea meds.
Thank you Mr. President 
Good
Show us your tax returns
Who writes the lies you read off the prompter? We know it's not you! You can barely READ it! And you haven't kept ONE SINGLE PROMISE. Not 1!
Good Job Mr. President Trump. Thanks!
GOD BLESS YOU MR.PRESIDENT  ..DONALD J.TRUMP.!! #MAGA
You don't even know what your puppet masters are "getting rid" of. No knowledge. Not a clue.
You ready for the avalanche coming your way #Putinpuppet? I bet he's abandoned you anyway lol. Some friend. Think he'll visit you in jail?
How much did YOU pay in taxes?
tarado
"We're bringing 'em down.  Way down.  Believe me.  We're slashing prices..."

Is this a Presidential address, or the Home Shopping Channel?

Bigly weAkly address from Liar-in-Chief.
You can only fool the fools who voted for you, and still would—and those numbers drop daily.
Dear President Trump.  Thank you for such a positive and uplifting message!  God Bless you and your family!
Mr. Trump you have failed the people that voted for you. What does REPEAL mean to you . You have Ryan to thank for nothing he is NFG and yet
No thanks - I'd rather watch grass grow than watch Trump go on and on and on and on re fake news, his "great electoral win", what he's doing
Golf tan looking good!
You should open your eyes a little more. Only a little would be enough. Seriously.
Trump does evil, unhinged things (strategic lying, degrading/exploiting people) Accept reality then plan #2018ThrowTheBumsOut #TraitorTrump

Angela Merkel freaks out over leak of Theresa May’s disastrous Brexit dinner

http://www.libertyfighters.uk/uk/angela-merkel-freaks-out-over-leak-of-theresa-mays-disastrous-brexit-dinner/ … 
Have you ever considered a speech therapist? It's like you can't almost squeeze the words out of your vile mouth. Intensely annoying!
Well said Mr. President. We love you!!!
que dices guey qué no te entiendo nada lo pez obrador será el presidente de México aunque no te guste cabron
vomit
Trump and Russia--- just won't go away
Sadly, your house bill on AHCA will kill more people than Obamacare killed jobs.
Didn't even have to hear the audio.  I know you lie everytime you open your cockholster.
You're not pretty and I wish you were going!
follow the money, who's making $ off your policies...not me...what r u worth now... since you been elected? You are lining your own pockets!
Eliminate the earned income credit. It hurts the marriages of single motherhood.
You told so many lies in this short clip. What a joke!
I'm so disappointed in you if this insurance is for the rich, I'm poor and can't afford to go to 2 DR's already.
Mr. President, thank you for taking YHWH seriously. Please read COLOSSIANS 1:8-12 Acts 4:12-14 + personal note,thank you 4 speaking2thepeopl
We were bleeding jobs from Republican policies under Bush.The bleeding stopped under the Democratic policies under Obama. We had 75 months.
God bless you sir
Fake president.
Cant believe you really think the healthcare bill is "great" All your bill will do is take healthcare away from the poor.Thanks for nothing
how if you cant even pay your own taxes
Release your tax returns.
What he's not telling you is the pre existing conditions that won't qualify you for his proposed healthcare and there is a slew of them
NO TAXES, NO TRUST. GET RID OF DONALD TRUMP #ImpeachAndReplace

@realDonaldTrump You do realize over 100,000 people are employed bc of the ACA right? Or do facts just boggle your mind too much?
fake news!
Release all your taxes and call for an independent investigation of your involvement with Russia.
I see your face and I gag
Ahmed 4 president
god damn you're creepy!
Future generations are going to think we were complete dipshits...

God Bless America. Amen
No one likes you. You know that deep inside, right?
Puke.
Why do you always look like you're holding in a massive shit?
I hate you so much.
PRESIDENT TRUMP I AM AT THE POVERTY  LEVEL I WANT 2 START A BUSINESS I NEED A GRANT 2 GET MY FOOD TRAILER 2 GET STARTED. & TO MAKE MORE JOBS
Gooooo President Trump ty sir!
Another LIE! False & Under mining! This crap "FAKE" health plan is a disaster! You've got to be kidding! NA,NA,NA,NA,HEY,HEY,HEY,GOODBYE....
You could have just fixed it, Obamacare I mean.
