@POTUS #TRUMPRUSSIA #YOUWEREINVOLVED #COLLUSION #OBSTRUCTIONOFJUSTICE #TREASON #TRAITOR #PUTINSPUPPET #DISGRACE #UNFIT



Picture filled with sickening criminals.
Yup....here they are
Tick...tock...
Samantha Power sought to unmask Americans on almost daily basis, sources say | Fox News

Not
@POTUS #TRUMPRUSSIA #YOUWEREINVOLVED #COLLUSION #OBSTRUCTIONOFJUSTICE #TREASON #TRAITOR #PUTINSPUPPET #DISGRACE
But I thought you weren't a fan?
@POTUS #TRUMPRUSSIA #YOUWEREINVOLVED #COLLUSION #OBSTRUCTIONOFJUSTICE #TREASON #TRAITOR #PUTINSPUPPET #DISGRACE #UNHINGED
@RandPaul is 100% spot on regarding REPEAL OF OCARE. 
Don't play with American Citizens lives income & stupid stuff.
@POTUS @NetworksManager
You have time to visit  but not Puerto Rico  someone tell me when was the last time Ukraine  got hit from natural disaster??? sad!
When Russia invaded them?
I wouldn’t call Russia a natural disaster. Lol
So your saying let Putin invade Ukraine because their was never a hurricane there?
Correct me if I’m wrong but I don’t see Putin in the picture. You said that Russia was a natural disaster I stated otherwise.
Putin is the leader of Russia
Again I don’t see Putin in the picture.
I said when Russia (being led by Putin) invaded Ukraine
What was it you said, under your watch Ukraine would never be invaded? Ass. Comon Mueller!
Hey Mr. President*, is Pambia the capital of #Nambia?
Good tweet Gen. Kelly
How do you pronounce Ukraine?
Say hallo to the president of Nambia for me
Asioilla on kaksi puolta
Wonderful will be America when you're #impeached
Quick, where is Ukraine?
NO ONE CARES did you send military help to PR this morning
Did you invite Manafort? They are great friends.
my pleasure that U were being nicknamed as Barking Dog by DPRK at #UNGA. U should be real proud, nobody has such a wonderful nickname as U
Was #Manafort there?
How is he feeling since the Russians tried to poison him?
I'm sure he was delighted to meet our national nightmare.
Did you tell him you were helping the Russians take over his country?
FellowAmericans. 
WHENEVER Trump tweets, just copy and paste this clip as a response. Let's do it MILLIONS of times!
He's at the UN you fool; he's not visiting NYC.  It's not all about you. #Resign you coward
Trump is unstoppable.  Who can out run him? Nobody. MAG Mr. President.  Patriots stand behind you.
Tick Tock
Now just put Putin Down. You represent the USA not USSR. #IdiotInChief
take care of your handshake
VoteNOGrahamCassidy #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #VoteNOGrahamCassidy 
#TrumpRussia
Felt like going home, heh?
are you impeached yet ??????
Heavens above POTUS you just don't float about promising TOTAL DESTRUCTION
Impeachment is coming
Not gonna happen Ida.
Why do you always do the #Freemason hand symbol for? You aren't part of the Freemasons at all right? Or are you?
Except that isn't a "Freemason hand symbol".
Hope your speaking on a more considerable and diplomatic note. Please don't repeat your U.N General Assembly address from Tuesday. 
@realDonaldTrump photographers shouldn't be allowed 2 shoot while u or our guests r speaking. They shud be given time after interview.
Why? Explain it?
According to me, this tweet looks like this one from August 2013: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/368108362531373056 …
How did your visit with the prime minister of "Nambia" go, Don?
I hear you think that nonexistent country has great healthcare!
Sorry, that was a cheap shot. You probably just meant "Namibia."
Hey! Fun fact about Namibia's healthcare system: they have UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE and a PUBLIC OPTION.
Meanwhile, it would appear you don't use proper spacing, punctuation, or capitalization. So where exactly does that leave us on this issue?
Also, you misspelled "Namibia."
I'm here to make sure people DON'T FORGET!
#Manafort #Manafort #Manafort #Manafort #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Ukraine is a US funded pro-Nazi regime. John McCain and CIA backed fascists.
So if Ukraine if pro-nazi for some reason, than annexation of a part of it’s territory by Russia is absolutely ok, right?
Ashkenazi Zionist Ukrainian oligarchs financing fascist groups may be a better description.
Surely Russia isn't happy about this!
What? You met with Ukraine behind Russia's Back?  Putin has to be furious!
Putin's greatest ally meeting with his greatest enemy!  I'm sure this meeting really went well!
No proof of Russia and Trump. Empty argument.
It would help if Trump would tell the truth.
Shut up

Really?  When will Kusher open the newest Trump hotel there?  You do nothing without personal gain.  Your reputation is secure!
Yesterday trump lauded the president of NAMBIA.  

Nuff said
Seems to me you're the one struggling with facts. You were just proven wrong. How about when the UN were actually laughing at Trump?
LET'S BUILD THAT WALL! LOVE YOU TRUMP...
TRUMP. GOT TWEETS? USE THEM!!!
TRUMP. IS. TWITTER. WE LOVE IT!!!!

Yup,a murderer is so welcome,see this is why I don't trust Trump.
@poroshenko is not a killer. Your thinking of Putin
show us Ukraine on a map, genius
As Soon as you can show us a Dem who can win an election.
Republicans have only won popular vote once in the last 24 years. You were saying?
Melania was stunning yesterday Mr. Trump! Excellent presentation
Ironic that the wife of the biggest bully in history would choose bullying as her cause
Obama let Russia take Crimea easily. And remember when he said "I'll have more flexibility after the election"? Talk about COLLUSION!
Those both happened. You're trying to 100% reverse the facts to try and cancel out the truth since it doesn't fit your pro-Obama narrative
I proved this to you 5 times already with videos and articles and you're still denying it. Typical liberal! You can't handle facts
"Не говорите гоп, пока не перепрыгнули"
What does your BFF Putin think about this? Surely there will be consequences. No Trump Tower in Moscow for you. Sad! #Resign

It is Wonderful to have Great Strong Leadership, President Trump Thank You President Trump for All You Do to Save this country! God Bless
Mr. President you are an amazing person. Love you so very much. God gives the hardest battles to the toughest soldiers I support u totally
@POTUS #TRUMPRUSSIA #YOUWEREINVOLVED #COLLUSION #OBSTRUCTIONOFJUSTICE #TREASON #TRAITOR #PUTINSPUPPET #DISGRACE
When is the president of Nambia coming to NYC?
I bet he/she would release tax returns.
I wake up everyday knowing we have a patriot in the White House and I know my family is safe. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #RedPill
У ватников разрыв пердаков 
Когда хуйло приехал просить тоже угорали? 
Парашник ебанный иди убейся об стену, а кто просил Евросоюз отменить санкции? Ты и твоя путинская помойка?
https://inforesist.org/putin-trebuet-ot-ssha-otmenyi-vseh-sanktsiy/ … тябя ущербного в Гугл забанили или вата в голове!
Витаю! Президент Порошенко имеет важную роль ее только в Украине а в Мире


Cant believe Trump would meet with a war criminal.  Poroshenko is losing power by the hour. Lvov has already stopped taking orders from Kiev
The only war criminals I know are Arseny Pavlov Motorola,Igor Girkin and Igor Besler.Poroshenko isn't
So the far right Azov, Dnepro 1 battalions that fire into civilian areas, that beat civilians on the streets. #Donbass will win the war.
No Motorola and Co who execute POW of war will win.Was it not for Russia the war would have been over years ago.
Have to remember #Donbass is Russian, just like Crimea. At this point we can win without Russia. 7th largest tank army in the world.
That's the humanitarian aid Russia sent to you and Ukraine have more.Half of DPR are Russian servicemen
Great job!
U took office,,SEEMS like shit been hitting the fan,,everywhere, you need an adviser,that has your back,,something u never felt, Make peace
Did you ask him when Manafort might expect a check for all that money Ukraine owes him?
You should be asking that ? to Mclame & IronHead Biden
Did you call Paul Manafort and give him an update to pass on to Putin?
The one who gave to and supported Hillary !!

The amber hue of your spray tan and the golden flare of your hairfloss is only outmatched by that glorious carpet. SAD!
Slava Ykrainy. 
Who is writing your tweet it is 
obviously not you.
It was wonderful before you were PRESIDENT! RESIGN DISHONEST DON! WORST POTUS EVER!
Why? Is he your go between to Putin?

Did you give him back Crimea?

I didn't think so...
Seriously, Ukraine?? One of your buddies perhaps with intel from Putin himself?
Give up on this Crimea shit! They voted to be with Russia, speak Russian and was Russian upto 1954! Given away by a drunk!

What about your meeting with the President of the Arab Republic of Egypt Abdel Fattah Alsisi?
You may think undoing all of what Obama accomplished will diminish him in the eyes of the people but ur wrong. /1
Explain why?
U r too inept to have this job. Get out while u can
Petro Poroshenko doing business on the death of Ukrainian people!
Can you find Ukraine on a map? 

Oh good! You guys can have tea with the President of Nambia!
I'm so thankful for your love and support Mr TRUMP may God protect you and your family and all of America
Did you thank him for the campaign donations traitor?
Don't you mean "it was an honor"?

Nambia.
And Putin was 'too busy' for #UNGA.
Oh, the country you screwed by changing the Republican party platform for your boss Putin?
How does Manafort feel about this ?
A bunch of hardened criminals in one room.Hilarious.
Trump probably brought him in to tell Ukraine to surrender 2 comrade Putin
Is he staying with Manafort while in town
И что вы тогда нового узнали от этого человека?
So bad Trump - he talking with terrorist and names that "wonderful"...
Did you discuss any action you plan to take against Russia for infiltrating Ukraine? That's a violation of international and universal law.
Your intern is on a roll. An A in the spelling bee.
Did you guys go out back and beat the shit out of some protesters together?  We know you wanted to.
You fucking TRAITOR!

Odd you'd meet with the enemy of your friend putin, are you doing this for optics?
Poroshenko has business in Russia and pays taxes to Russian government while claiming he is an enemy of Russia. He is a really good lier
I bet. Why don't you go visit and stay
When are you scheduled to meet with the President of Nambia?
You're in New York having all of  these meetings today?  I suppose you're charging all of them to stay at the Trump Hotel too, right?
Fuck!!!

Surprised the Ukrainians even talk to us anymore after we did nothing when Russia stole Crimea from them. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuclear_weapons_and_Ukraine …
Well, he's never heard of Hetman Roland Sylvester, has he ? @poroshenko Кто такой МАЛЫШЬ ? #Україні #Київ #ВерховнаРада #Гетьман #Козак
Grandpa, we talked about this.Putin is going to be pissed. Hahahaha. See what I did there. You love being pee'd on!!! Hahahaha
ВАТУ ПРЕТ !!
ЕБИ ПУТИНА ДОНАЛЬД !!!
ЕБИ ПИДАРАСА КАЦАПСКОГО !!
Yeah, funny about that relationship with the Ukraine, it seems a little stressed.  Maybe there is something less than transparent there.
Where is the tribute to the Grand Poo-Bah of Nambia, Donnie?
He just came to pick up his $500Million cheque.He's a loyal stooge and will keep the war going in the east,according to pentagon plans. .
Who's writing your tweets? Lots of words in there I know you can't spell.
Dude - have you seen Sheldon's show?
Were you amazed by his command of the English language?...something that still eludes you! Sad!
#FakePresident: And next deal - with Russia..?
  #UNTRUMP THE WORLD  #FREETWITTER 
    http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
    https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
U met maniac & child killer Petro. Shame on u, Donald!!!
Что Украина купит в США после встречи Трампа с Порошенко?
Шоколад
Бусы
Сено
Кавуны
Your #puppetmaster #Putin and handlers/masters will be most upset with this tweet lol
You should ask him about collusion with Crooked Hillary!
No Trump, its nott good, i voted for u and support u and will vote again but #petroporoshenko is a killer worse than #RocketMan
Wonderful day with President Poroshenko, now time to renegotiate the baklava deal. They're delicious but expensive! Horrible deal for U.S.
I hoe
did you talk Putin
Come on @realDonaldTrump, get it right. That's YOU RAIN! #Nambia #Covfefe

I'll bet!! And #Manafort was sobbing that you didn't include him.
I see your ghost tweeters are back
Did you tell him how u and Putin fixed the USA elections because you are in huge dept to Russian banks and he has that hooker pee tape on u?
Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine tried to help crooked Hillary defeat you. To repay his betrayal neocons put 500,000 million in new defense bill
You are a RUssian SPY!! YOU WILL DIE IN PRISON and you know it. everything you have done will be REVERSED. I LOVE IT!!
Only 17% of Americans support latest disaster healthcare bill.  Be PRESIDENTIAL!  Demand congress bring u Universal bill & quit hurting us!
Who Tweeted these for u? No way u can spell the names or remember which countries they represent. U do know they all think u r a joke?
The Trump Russian Collusion, money laundering and obstruction of justice SCANDALS ARE NOT GOING AWAY!
Poroshenko has lots of business in Russia.
Ukraine would be better NATO member than Turkey.
I guess this makes Russia real happy about meeting this guy.
wants to #MNGA Make Nambia Great Again.
Stop with the tweets. You're making us look bad. #unpresidential
Nobody wants to sit too close to you. Do you have BO?

This is important #MAGA.  @GOP/Trumpcare will hurt you.  Fox won't tell.  It's real news from insurance companies. 

http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/351549-blue-cross-warns-gop-repeal-bill-undermines-pre-existing-condition-rules?amp …
The indictment is going to be very very big! Like nothing that's ever been seen before!
Hope his people enjoy the coal we sent them.
hi,the united states

US funded Nazis marching in Ukraine. McCain's hero's.
So Trump funded russians marching in Ukraine? Never knew that
what's with that 'mangina' 'gang' sign you keep throwing in all yer' pics??
very odd, vey 'cucky'
probs wanna stop that 1
#prisonboundDonnie
Навальный 20!8
I would agree..
Great job!! Thank you Sir!!!
Did you explain to him how you’re Putin’s puppet, and he should stand in the back row?
Dotard! 
Trump is a people person on the world stage. Obama was a ham sandwich. A true grand jury should indict this honest crook.
PUTIN HUILO La-La-La !
President Obama will always be a better, more humane, more articulate, more intelligent man then you could ever hope to be./2
I was in Ukraine earlier this year and everyone pretty much hates Poroshenko.  Seriously.
Well, here in America, Michael, everyone pretty much hates Trump. lol So there...
Poroshenko is a murderer; bombs th innocent people of EastUkraine. Americans know this. That u wd shake his hand makes us ill, literally ill
but did you get any money for your legal fees? or for the wall?
I did not participate with Facebook until December 2016… I still voted for Donald Trump without being influenced by social media￼
