Start by washing that white hood of yours
Oh wow you just realized that the POTUS is supposed to actually WORK and not play golf and vacation and twitter lies all the time
dont work too hard ... the wall doesnt matter when it sucks being inside anyways.. just saying
Sorry your life is so bad that you are so negative. Try not to spend a lot of time with people who bring you down like this.
I'm sorry but I hate what he's doing to our country.
Instead of thinking negatively and being influenced by CNN, consider that he is working hard for YOU and everyone else.
Yeah, yeah. We know how busy you are spying on americans, suppressing votes, and hiding white supremacists in the White House. Oh, &#Russia!
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA...
34% 
Congress b4 conservatives took control - 8%.
Thanks for all your hard work!  You have shown in many ways that you care for the country and only desire for it to succeed.
Eric, tell your dad he needs to invite the two men who initiated the chase of the Texas Baptist Church killer and called police to tell them where he was headed.
okay have a good day
All good. Let's reschedule lunch for later in the week. Love you.
What up Don. Supporter here. I sense you turning left. Don't. You won't get re-elected. Build wall and kick out DACA. Or your out 2020.
Trade & military. Hitler thought those were important too. Gassing Jews and killing the disabled were too. Any plans there? #fascistinchief
Keep Fighting For U.S. Sir ; We're Counting On You & Creator God To Benefit U.S. & All Our Allies , Your Leading , We Follow & Fully Support
And,the lemmings flew off the cliff! U morons. Do u really want it to kick off?coz after M.A.D there will b nothing. Ur Democratic empire ..
Al-Jazzar , I will send only my sympathy to your parents as it's apparent their sacrifices for you have all been in vain. No Commonsense....
Have you already forgotten about Charlottesville?
LOL. Good one Donnie.
What say you to the deaths of troops in Iraq? To the deaths of troops off Australia? To the violence in Cville?
Good job Mr Trump you are AWESOME not to take sides there is good and bad on All sides Dems only want their side
Why can't you call it what it is. WHITE SUPREMACY TERRORISM.
Did you ask Putin if you could come back yet?
Heading to DC this am. Much work? to do. Focus (how many seconds) on trade and military. #MakeAmericaGagAgain then off for your Golf break!
Bruh do something amazing, like truly mind blowing
#MAGA #BlacksForTrump #trump2020
How about focus on calling out domestic terrorism by white supremacists and neo-Nazis
Of course, because fascist tyrants focus on the military heavily.
I'm looking forward to the polls over the next few days, aren't you?
Mostly tweeting and golfing i assume.
You should focus on firing Bannon, Miller and Gorka.
I'm quite disappointed
Don't suppose you could spare 2 mins to explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists could you? Seems like something you should do.
No comment about the 3 marines or denouncing white supremecy? The KKK in MI may be rejoicing right now.
And the domestic terrorism situation? You gotta be kidding us.
Get back to not working
Condemn the nazis, Trump. In no uncertain terms, condemn them.
YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS @realdonaldtrump
We have national crisis with the rise of White Supremacy & Nazis and you have more important work to do? You sir, are a failure.
Condemn. White. Supremacy.
How about the Nazi problem? Neville Chamberlain called, said your response was lacking.
.@potus #MAGA And no Charlottesville. Not calling the AltRight "evil" is evil itself. #FireBannon now!  And #RussianInterference #Emoluments
#YOURESIGNWILLMAKEMEGA
Hope that firing McMaster is on the list
Mr. President, when are you going to call them DOMESTIC TERRORISTS?
YOU ARE A COWARD FOR REFUSING TO CONDEMN

*WHITE NATIONALIST DOMESTIC TERRORISM*

THERE WAS ONLY ONE SIDE TO THIS.

YOURS.
You have disgraced our White House
He's a COWARD who has 2b FORCED to call out these groups and by that time those groups know he really doesn't mean it He's a DISGUSTING POS
Wasting money going back & forth You have made a mess with Korea just stay in DC and actually work no more folders w/articles & pics of you
Also need to apologize to the American people  - say the words I apologize to all Anericans for not speaking out against White supremacy in
all its forms - KKK, alt- right etc. Hatred & violence against another bcause of their religion, ethnicity, sex or the color of their skin
In words or deeds is not acceptable & will not be tolerated in this country of many peoples the USA
That is what i would like you to say
3 Years, 5 Months, 6 Days, 6 Hours, 33 Minutes, and 51 Seconds
* 7 years

Fake story
Shut up
If a car was driven by a Muslim & hit a crowd of people, you'd be eager to call it terrorism. But when a white supremacist does it, silence
Even if would say it, we must keep in mind that he is a pathological liar. If he does say it, he will likely have his little fingers crossed
White supremacist terrorists committing attacks in your name and you're silent? Your failure to speak condones them.
Are you a ball-less coward, afraid to condemn your own supporters or do you support their message of hate? It's time to man up.
Let not your  be troubled Mr. President, we still believe in your mission and pray for your strength & determination to MAGA! Hang in! 
And Jesus weeps.
Say it's name: White Supremacy. You denounce White Supremacy. You have two Jewish grandchildren! Denounce it in their names.
How about you focus on spreading peace and love instead of HATE?  Say it by name: White Supremacy
Yes he supported you and nazis
You need to immediately condemn White Supremacy and #firebannon
You need to also RESIGN!!
Focus on resigning
Thank you Mr. President for the support. We in the military need it after 8 dark years under @POTUS44. Your military stands ready and able.
The military understands that the president just equivocated when addressing a white supremacist domestic terrorist attack. Why doesn't he?
Because dictating a specific vernacular that you feel he must isn't going to restore a life taken.
Nobody is asking for reincarnation. They're asking for the president to act like he's in charge and denounce a group of white supremacists.
With his words. The president argued against ISIS by insisting evil be called by its name, and I agree. So be a man and do it here.
People who lead tend to have followers who listen to them. An effective leader can use words to prevent future deaths. An ineffective one...
Well, it's Trump. So you'll get to see first-hand.
At ANY point, Trump could do the morally right thing and denounce organized white supremacy by name, in isolation, using his own mouth.
I still think he's a closeted queer. A bad queer, a very bad bad queer. Not like the rest of the gay/queers in this country. Trump is BAD!
#NorthKorea @NicolasMaduro  
Focus on your Legal worries. Who scares U the most, Flynn R Bannon? Can U feel the walls closing in on ya? I believe your gig is about up,
Well stop bloody messing around  on social media then and get on with it
It's called staying connect. You do it. We all do it. @realDonaldTrump is one of us too. #DrainTheSwamp
Maybe you need to talk to your lawyers about Russia too? Or planning to attend a nazi rally?
Big fan Mr. President.
U know u r running from the protesting patriots. Sad. U gotta go hide now.
Trade and military? WOW
Not focusing on eradicating hate groups? Your priorities are messed up!
Including slave trade!  #MAGA #MakingNazisGreatAgain
President Trump keep up the great work.
This draft dodger has criticized POW's more than he criticizes Nazis.
Work? WORK??? You and work are strangers.
Lets add the Tax Cut, please.
GO SOMEWHERE AND DROP .......
And if anyone knows anything about a bad deal, it's you, right?
Or. I don't know. Focus on being a better human being???
Good for you! Just remember to stretch once in awhile.
Notice you're not posting the results of the latest approval ratings according to Gallup; you're a FAKE PRESIDENT that lies all the time!!!
Focus on Racism
Maybe not so much on the military. Too many tax $$ go to war. War is a lie. It only profits rich capitalists. #WarIsNottheanswer
How does it feel to be a bad president?
After Charlottesville maybe we're great enough for awhile what do you think! Sad.

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…

maybe you should be focusing on the budget.
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP!
the Defer Government HasNoJusticicTion4dealingWithHealthIssues.50statesShouldHave50options.not1.WeHaveHorridMedicineInU.S.
Glad you're done with another round of golf
Please consider a Pardon for Sheriff Joe 
Arpaio, a devoted  staunch Enforcer of 
U.S. Law. and distinguished career in C.I.A.
background .
You don't work .  You are you kidding, fake president.
This is you condemning white supremacy? Americans first...All Americans he says..#riiiiight
Oh wait..you also appear on tv. Not only tweeting..#appearingpresidential #wellalmost
Thank you for all you do to keep USA safe! God bless you!Stay Strong 
YOU DO NOT BELIEVE WE'RE ALL EQUAL! Unless by "we" you're talking about straight white men. Even then, you look down on the working class! 
Will the #GOP continue to support @realDonaldTrump now that he has   clearly demonstrated his #BIGOTRY and #racism ?  @FoxNews Will  SAD
Like firing Brannon, miller and sessions? Or bleaching abs ironing your white robe for the next tiki gathering?
You keep going the way you are and you'll go down in history as the worst president the USA ever had.
They must have sat you down the first day in the White House, then a bunch of men in black walked in & told you the entire thing was a farce
That there really hasn't been any elections in the last 60 yrs, & globalism WILL happen, & any1 who doesn't get on board is 86'ed.
I agree with Sagans concept of a prepared society & space exploration, & none of it is achievable w/o globalism.
Not as fast anyway
But w/o % cooperation from the masses, & neighboring countries, that dream slowly dies.

So!?!

Just Dumb down masses.
& take it all.
& once it was explained to you, the big picture, you agreed to.
But, you can't tell any1 the truth or else mass panic would ensue
Why else would you allow antifa to run the streets.

Or allow ppl to attack your family.

Or allow 3 Dems to hold up congress
Or not hold accountable the very globalist champions of past admins.

Just sayin, I agree, but damn if it ain't all perplexed.
P.s. 
The stupidity of the masses seem to support this.

Faked sympathies w/ underlying selfish motives-

#FakeItUntilYouMakeIt
Mr. President, Please DRAIN the SWAMP and work on TERM LIMITS for ALL the crooks!!!
USPS workers work harder and statically take more risk daily, than firefighters and police. I think its time for recognition Mr. President.
Good morning Mr President proud to be an American!
Listen:
Not my president
How about heading to HELL??
Please, just leave the country and NEVER come back
Thank you Mr. President
SO, goofing off it is.
Here's a picture of you when it comes to white supremacists @Wisco
@realDonaldTrump and those "Tiny hands" hahaaja
Ae7
You haven't done anything thus far keep that approval rating headed to hell
you wouldn't have so much work to do if you didn't spend so much time golfing.
But you’re in New York...
Focus on what you'll wear in federal prison, and whether your idiotic sons will join you there -will you go with stripes or orange 2 match U
Yeah, no reason to think about RACISM and HATE CRIMES. Go on about your business.
"Much work"? What golf course is located in Washington?
President Bannon.
Be strong and embrace the life God has given you. Great Leader and we know you have it under control MAGA in God's Name Mr. president
"Much work to do"?  You spend half your time at golf courses.
All that #winning #NOT!!
Focus on resigning!
and racism... don't forget the racism. #FailingPresidency
yo time to focus on white supremacist terrorism thanks
Back to Washington to create more chaos, bluster & pretend to work on signing worthless EO. Go play golf.
#TheResistance
I got anImCurableClassesiaOxytocaColinizedInfectionAccording2St.JohnsHospitalYonkersNY.Antibiotics can'tCureItButWellTryany
Americans are going to RISE UP and head to Washington soon. WE need to #TakeOutTheTrumpTrash along with the GOP Traitors. A Storm is Coming.
Fake news is from the president. SAD!!!FAKE PRESIDENT SPEWS FAKE NEWS. FAKE PRESIDENT SPEWS FAKE NEWS. FAKE PRESIDENT SPEWS FAKE NEWS.

Low-Energy Don finally getting back to work? Maybe get around to denouncing racism and bigotry?
Sad
TACOM crushing small business like http://DPSGUSA.com . Wunderbar's are the best!
Focus on trade & MAGA?! The country is in crisis, you make it worse & then go on about how you can make it great? Resign! That will do it.
After your generals told you not to bomb, moms and kids died. Not one enemy soldier died. Did you report that Trump NOPE!!U LIE!! LOSER!!!
You need to focus on domestic white nationalist terror.
Lots of work to do, and you f^ck it up w your insane little press conference. Its a wonder you can even tie your own shoes
Going to work? That will be a change
buffoon
God told me to turn around. I said I have to go to an appointment. He said not your feet, I mean your heart.
Unless I'm good Nam come come come
How can you focus on something you don't understand?? You are incompetent and don't belong in the office of the presidency
Golfing again???
我觉得不行
Work? Do you even read ? Oh yea you like pie charts ! First grade stuff!
@realDonaldTrump you can't find your ads with both hands. How are you going to do anything? No one likes you or works with you
Don't believe you.  Never will again.
Strip David Duke of his citizenship as he is a national security threat. President has the executive power to do so. Problem solved.
Much work, very president
You, sir, are a human of the lowest kind.
Dear trump keep doing your job. Don't forget that Venezuelans trust on you to restore the peace and stop narcotrafic. We won't be 2nd Mexico
And continue diversions from #RUSSIAGATE.  Worst @POTUS in history of USA.  #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW
You will be remembered as the worst president ever.

