I think the countries in the Paris accord have moved on-if you had actually read it you would find out that there was nothing bad for the US
We don't need the Paris Accord. It is unconstitutional to send my tax money to foreign gov'ts.
Americans want the billion dollars back that Obama gave the accord.
It is unconstitutional to give our tax money to foreign countries! Take care of the US. We owe 20T.
I don't support redistribution of US wealth. Period! Never be a good deal for US. Even if POTUS renegotiates we'll get cheated down the road
Please grow a pair would you please?
Frankly you need to get out before you shame yourself anymore than you already have. Your crediblity level is now 0. You know there is no
renegotiation in this deal..You made your loyalty with this statement to the Putin regime well known..you were a man of morals. "were"
Having clean air&water, slowing sea level rise, & reducing conditions that lead to massive weather events IS good for US business…
…We should invest in #GreenEnergy so that we can compete in the economy of the future! Wind on coasts and plains. Solar in desert SW…
…Economics101: As supplies of nonrenewable sources dwindle, prices will rise. Invest in #RenewableEnergy to keep up w/growing global demand!
Yes and only then.
Except he's fucked it up. These are world leaders and he's a shitgibbon. They have ZERO respect for him and his so called negotiating skill
I'm 61 and have watched you flip flop like a fish out of water to make sure you stay in the limelight with your GOP bullshit rhetoric, 2face
Survival of the human race is a pro America deal. Any decisions that keep us out of the Paris accord are strictly anti America and pro human extinction. Trump already proved he only says prayers to Satan, and you're determined to prove you do too.
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I support President Trump’s desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a bette...pic.twitter.com/EobMeQcqZf
We need Tax Reform and medical insurance. Support our President agenda
The president is mentally unstable. You know it and take no action.
.@LindseyGrahamSC You would. And I support your primary challenger in your next election. With money and effort. All the way from Alabama.
