Excelente 

Ahí está 
Más del 50% del bienestar de la gente 



Dar al pequeño comercio
La posibilidad de progresar
en Uy seguinos haciendo Shopping
y tapiando FÁBRICAS.
con la contra que si fabricas 200 mil de algo cerra porque las terminas de vender en 10 años
y sí, si no lo vendes en las Grandes cadenas q son de 1 sólo, estás en el HORNO o fabricando fasón q es peor!!
Grandes superficies 
Para mantener sus licencias 

Deberán tener 

85% de producto nacional
De ese % también tendrán que tener 30% de productos a 20km de su epicentro ...
En ese marco 

Uruguay tendría que pensar en la calidad ........
recopilaste todas tus propuestas? Las tenes en algun formato digital? Y si te eligo y salis y no cumlis que te hago?
We will prevail Mr. president do not ever feel you don't have full support you do! Our hearts are with you every step!
#crooksandliars
Thank you
Just tell your Goldman boys and girls to keep their hands OUT of our 401k money.  #TrustYou #MAGA for WTP not the bankers or FEDReserve
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma… htt...
No one of "Culture"
Mr. President: Remove the hostile, acting AG
Alternative facts!!!
@POTUS Thank you!
question the "American Dream" is to own one's own home ..how is that possible given your HUD executive order last week ?
We the people believe in you president TRUMP
are you going to teach them how to go bankrupt as well??   You know how that works.  You are KILLING the American dream!!!!
Even God protects heaven from those who want to harm his people!
sure....
.@realDonaldTrump unhinged and unreal, no basis in mathematical facts!
@POTUS how about creating an environment for the environment
lovin it
@WhoopiGoldberg Really, like the NY small #businesses ur harming w #streetclosures & #vehsearches cuz u & wife wont leave?
GOOD JOB SIR PRESIDENT
#failure (as in you are one)
WHAT ARE THE RIGHTS OF LEGAL IMMIGRANTS? #askjoy
You are so full of it! Read! Google employees stage a walkout over Trump’s immigration ban
wrong!! Your decisions are causing chaos. Get with reality,  your decisions are hurting our USA!! #ResistTrump
#presidentbannon
you are wrong @realDonaldTrump. you do not represent the current American dream. you're fooling your followers and inciting violence.
that's exactly why BHO did for eight years, POTUS TRUMP IS MAGA,GREAT FIRST WEEK START!!
What about the American dream of being a place for the people by the people?? All people! #NoBanNoWall #LoveTrumpsHate
any detail or just rhetoric? Any ideas at all? #ScotlandAgainstTrump
Thank you!
Thank you! For once I actually feel like my President cares about me.

LYING AND DECEIVING IS WHAT YOU DO BEST. Run this country down like you run down your business. PATHETIC OLD MAN.
but,  if the customer has been driven away from product, by over exemplification of intern' sys,  media?
Trump getting to the WH is a win-win for Melania.  She get to stay in NY & see small hands Trump less.  Their 'relationship' is cold as ice.
You are definitely bringing the 30's back.
.@realDonaldTrump
You're so wrong and outta line.  If he were to do exactly what you want would you apologize?  Didn't think so
[S] Here are some of the specific things that concern me, which together look a lot like fascism:
[Storm] Jan 30 - Info getting murky. Here's the past 24 hours: #TodayInAutocracy. Full details and #RESIST http://bit.ly/TSKAutocrats  
the only one who cares is you we voted for him and are proud of the actions he's taking. ALL of them.
yes you voted for him. So thanks for ruining America. So funny how it says "freedom" Chang that please.
if we ruined it for Isis I'm proud.
I think I speak for many Americans when I say our "dream" is you stepping down before you do more harm to the USA.
You can't be more wrong. Millions of Americans
(immigrants, blacks and Mexicans) are behind Mr Trump all they way!
We're Behind U All The Way...
We Trust U
We Believe In U
We Thank U
& We Want U 2 #MAGA
AND fix shyt with #Russia & @PORUS_PUTIN #StrongerTogether
I believe in you
I don't like USA accept to work in white house
belle image et bonne atmosphère d'équipe de travail
Yeah we're fucked thanks to the Donnie shitshow
Great Mr. President . But we R at war! until Swamp is drained, Muslims takeover, terrorist ,health care, Disabled ppl, jobs wont matter!
Robert Kozenskie Restoration, Fargo North Dakota is excited and anxious to see whats in store for Small Businesses.
Laughable! !
The dream started slipping away November 9th. Generally people I knew were happy...now I see everyone nervous.
people need to get off his case and see what happens.
Sorry, no redemption to his attitude. I can't accept a man with individual values not harmonious with universal.
He is impulsive without analysis to humanity. His strategy doesn't represent the whole country goals.
Liberty and pursuit of happiness is not a business. The jobs he creates are only to benefit himself.
Not everyone cares about living a life to a Country Club, Realty business based model.
Academics, community and respect to our planet are some things more important than making money.
Feeding the corporate machine entities at the expense of real living people are short sighted.
The American Nightmare begins! They'll destroy everything America stands for and leave the country bankrupt!
Thank You
http://vincentlister.com/the_employment_brigade …
.@realDonaldTrump you're destroying the environment
YOU DO NOT REPRESENT THE AMERICAN DREAM
Putting a bunch of coyotes in charge of the henhouse I see.
HENRY FORD PAID GOOD WAGES-FOLKS MADE ITGOV DIDN'T ROB THEIR PAYNEW TECHNOLOGY SHOULD=BETTER WAGES? WHO ROBS WHO?
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for war profiteers like we haven’t had since Bushy!
by deregulating the financial sector USA should have another financial crisis before DJT lives office in 2020.
GREAT!about as a small business owner we sure could yse the help!
you and your people are part of a really dark nightmare
congrats!  It will definately be different when wage costs surge
I don't know what America you live in but American dream was never gone. I know you think you're God, you're not. #breaking
Typo---you said "small" business.  Did you mean big business or small hands?
হাউরা ধোনের বাল কামাবে।
@POTUS I hate you
Keep going President Trump. We are behind you!
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
could it be because Mar-a-Lago needs H1Bs too? Read what  happened at Harley Davidson and Infosys. And u say nothing.
does that include providing small hands for all small business owners?  Big talk small hands at the wheel, little....!
Agree
individual action and entrepreneurship for the win !!!!
why no Latinos in your cabinet?
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
make small business better. That sounds great
While you destroy the environment for a few short term $$$s so no one can breath, drink the water or eat safe food.
this picture is a picture of liars and theives
Um.. I think you mis-spelled "dream", it's       n i g h t m a r e
oh c'mon men you have NO idea what to do as a president you should teach a country how to be better, no how to be haters
oh its back? just like that?
You can't drink or breath a job. Your knowledge of environmental concerns is lacking. As lacking as your study of the world
Say no to racism because we are all human
about time
Hang in there...double check before tweeting intentions...so many people against your efforts right now.
Congratulations for your place Mr. President of the World
smiling through the pain
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @VP Meaningful exchanges between POTUS & black gathering. 
#PLEASEdoNOTmentionmedia atallfor1monthPERIOD
he is far from being racist. It's BAD enough you came in illegally. Go back & come in the right way.
A Pickup Man Junkologist (@bri_junkologist) has been struggling for a decade to continue serving the community. #RedTape
Now THAT will make America great again!!!  Thank you Mr. President!  You are doing an awesome job!
Hope the environment is as diverse as the picture!
it is nice to have money ha? iam 77 years old and i might end up in the street by mid year if i even last than long
you make America sick and guess what I was a Republican. KKk all you.
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
please help Cannabis start-ups to flourish. The potential of this medicine to transform healthcare is huge. Studies needed!
refreshing to see someone with their hands in their own pockets...
American dream? American nightmare.
Small Russian businesses? Small white people businesses? Small Christian businesses? Not an environment for any other biz.
Already creating pressures on small businesses after  week and you don't care one bit. #impeachtrump Traitor.
what a wank
spot the KKK member(s) I only wish I was lying...  I'm not...
/In Bizarro World/
Yeah!I have been trying to advance my small biz for so long, and now I can hire a worker for good pay, and hopefully help
so embarrassed for American people
take a civics class so you will know what you are doing...it would be in your best interest!
those poor people. They will never live down this photo.
get iPhone manufacturer back to USA.
Those women look quite uncomfortable...
thank you make more empowerment zones let's rebuild America
Out of these 10 people, how many would you say will be deeply ashamed of that photo in just a few months' time ?
...and you're going to destroy the environment in which they live and breathe.
Wow, can America finally be what it was meant to be...work hard/ start ur own business/ make $ & not pay it all to taxes...
thank you!!!
this is the new show Orange and a few black
more like a nightmare
cool. so are you going to stop the monopolies of corporate giants to do this?
More like The American nightmare. As for environment, you seem hell-bent on destroying what's left of it. SAD.
Yes
now it looks like a mega corporation office ! Thumps up @realDonaldTrump
how many people did you have to pay off the street to finally get a picture that isn't all white, male and old?
Will they get the same tax breaks as you, pumpkin? So in the end the rich & entrepreneurs get a pass and the poor must pay.
it's just about time America stands up again strong,powerful & proud. You'll revive the American dream Mr. President.
Amazing energy.
You are my American Nightmare.
you don't have a clue what a small business needs
where are you going to get your next wife if you stop immigrants from entering U.S
iam from curacao and you are wonderfull blessing
usted es multimillonario pero yo soy Multimillonario en Riquesas Espirituales. +++ + +++
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, 'concentrate'.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!

thank you:)
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
so far all you have done is not good for America.               You should lift the Muslim ban
banning people based off of their religion and race is essentially the opposite of "The American Dream"
The American Nightmare has started, with a fake president that won with the help of the Russians who hacked the elections.
Blah, blah, blah...pure talk and signing to devide us.
$130K/year salary below avg, floor for H1B visas is not high enough 2 stem abuses, $200K would be enough @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls
-So you are setting a #Christian only #facist #government in the United States where minorities and refugees have no rights?
I never knew that the U.N. was getting billions of dollars every year until you cut their allowance. Thank you for that .
go away
Biggest $RUT Pump ?
Then stop the FDA and DEA attack on herbal supplements. #SaveKratom And America WILL be great #KratomUnited
like how many decades?
