
I will move to the United States a thousand times under the president Donald Trump.
liar liar liar liar liar liar
What scares me as a Californian who has worked hard all my life, is I will wind up paying increased taxes to support this kind of situation. Watch as Californians with any money vacate the state. We are looking!!
Amen brother
I am so thankful that you are the President.  You are spearheading a much needed sea change in our country. God bless you.
Fake News!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/320487-poll-americans-overwhelmingly-oppose-sanctuary-cities …...
I just looked at Wikipedia on how sanctuary cities started in the 80's. Interesting.
Greetings Mr President WE THE PPL N URSELF WNT THMalong wth
Mayor's GOVS Reps n Senators clearly
Pushing Islamic takeover PETITION the
SC
Yes we do!
They don't, just because you say they do, fool.
Many people say that this is not true,because Americans are better than that.
U.S. judge in San Francisco blocks Trump sanctuary city order #sanctuarycities #FuckTrump #TrumpLeaks
yep european immigrants have and will make America great again. thank you. But all the stats prove that so no big boast there.
Definitely we oppose paying for illegals with our tax dollars by the billions
i break the law and i pay, I'm  not given  special status, food , housing, medical care and a education in my foreign language. .
I know I do! Would love to drive them out and take back our cities again.





It is HUGE to win with less! Besides, the 3+million popular votes HRC got were from people who don't work or are in mental hospitals. #golf
Americans overwhelming oppose you.
You don't know it, until you live in a sanctuary city and what it means.  YOU WHITE FOOL.
Americans overwhelmingly oppose you. #resign
FAKE NEWS
-false news
A good patriot never support sanctuary cities
you're awesome, keep it up.
Speaking of polls, have you seen your approval rating lately?  SAD!
Not all Americans. There are millions of us that don't agree with your policies. Remember you lost the popular vote.
@186tony That is why we should ignore liberals.
no they are for cities handing over undocumented immigrants when they commit a CRIME. And most OPPOSE a wall. PLEASE READ!
This is what a lost cause looks like.This is also what an idiot looks like, thinks like and talks like.This is not winning.
What is the law of Mexico about illegal entry into mexico without documentation ?
which Americans....there are millions that don't
It is funny not to be cracked down on illegal activities. What is law?
How chicken shit is it for Trump to refuse to go to the White House Correspondents dinner! Afraid of a little teasing? Haha
I am in support of sanctuary cities.
Yeah like Mom's with kids ... all those "bad dudes" SHAMEFULL !!!!!!!!!
If only that had been true when your father, Frederick Drumpf, came here from Germany
#LiarInChief
#HeyDonItsMeWinston Did I also mention that U, Donny Trump #MAGA "Make America Get Angry" Americans oppose Trump BIGLY!
funny that u quote the actually FAKE NEWS . ur supporters will smarten up when they loose their insurance and medicaid
Bullshit.
More fake news brought to us by your sycophants
this is Fake News
400 wounded 94 dead in chicago-last night 13 shot 7 dead-please help chi town urban territoties-Rahm cant fix!
The hateful, uneducated parts of America oppose them. The rest of us are grown-ups.
Hmmnn..again only believing reports that favor you. How embarrassing that you resort to such childish ways.
Yes we do Mr. President! Keep up the good work.
FAKE NEWS!!
Americans overwhelmingly oppose you! Cheeto any other 4 grade level words of wisdom
lib whiners so sad and pathetic
Jordan you dope get a job
that's right! The law is the law obey it or lose your funding
Ummm... you're using the lying @FakeMedia as your source Donnie! Just another hypocritical Tweet from tiny fingers
polls? Since when do you believe in polls. This is from your poll that was sent to your deplorables only.
#pleasestop
fake news!
Yes we do
Please ? End NY as a sanctuary city
Americans overwhelming oppose your nazi movement.
keep up good work
#alternativefacts

Take $ from Mexico export of oil to USA to recover $ 113B Year cost of illegal immigration, plus previous years.
And an overwhelming majority oppose you as well.
its treason
To me it is a crime against the CITIZENS and the ones wanting this status should be held accountable. NO FEDERAL FUNDING!!!
..so far no one has convince me the upside of sanctuary cities. Can anyone out there plead their case? I'm listening.
.@realDonaldTrump Americans also overwhelmingly oppose Donald Trump. #DumbDonald
@TrumpApproved What happened to all the czars that Obama approved That should save some wasted money 
Thank god for Donald Trump!  Don't listen to the polls they are fake. Most Americans have your back!
yup your scaremongering is working
a.k.a. cities for outlaws to hide
no.is this another alternative fact?
Any thoughts on the SFPD cop (falsely) arrested on gun charges?
Kiss my ass. Cities have rights too.
Absolutely we appose sanctuary cities. They are breaking the law and putting their citizens at risk. This is a no brainer
you're so full of sh!t
tell the people they have been lied to by the media, and Obama signed the CIA  propaganda into law http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-12-24/obama-signs-countering-disinformation-and-propaganda-act-law …
Americans overwhelmingly oppose you.  What's your point?
...for aiding and abetting illegal aliens ('encouraging to reside') [US code title 18 section 1324] . Arrest government ...
Absolutely!
.@realDonaldTrump Heartless Americans that forget that we stole this land from the Native Americans!
Please get rid of sanctuary cities.Also build wall illegals are costing more than building a wall.
LTC Francisco (Ret)
a lot of those illegals are not Mexicans are South Americans the drug cartels Mexico needs to build a wall
immigrants to the state opposing the presidential decree"
maybe Potus should care more about sanctuaries to protect them like these and jewish cemeteries and indian holy grounds!!!
You lie. More Mexicans have been going back than coming. You haven't deported "bad dudes" by numbers even seen. You LIE
when we build the wall maybe we should run it up through the middle of California, Oregon and Washington up to Canada?
liar.....liar......
- You want people to be too afraid of being deported to report crime? Because that's what happens without sanctuary cities.
not accurate
@ImmoralReport Beautiful
No we don't, but since you only listen to your brain dead followers you wouldn't know that.
why don't you put biometric chips in people to control immigration and legal voting?
another lie from you. Americans support their freedoms, not you, the authoritarian trying to take them away. #truth
Just reading u have to have a BASIC understanding of how govt works to become a U.S. citizen, don't think 45 qualifies.
Americans overwhelmingly disapprove of you as president. Americans overwhelmingly voted against you.
We support you Mr. President Trump we don't have a lot but what we have we worked very hard for

ask the only ones that matter....the sanctuary cities. #resist 
We r also sick of criminals being let out to reoffend becuz jails r full. BUILD MORE JAILS we r tired of being victims
@CAoutcast Where I live the DA uses the excuse over and over that the jails r full and views victims as collateral damage
Repeat criminals get out and reoffend and then the unjust system repeats cycle and ppl die. WHERE IS THE JUSTICE
I believe CA & NY r the 2 worst states in the US when it comes to lax crimes.+Chicagoland & CT 2 that. Defund
I agree, Obama left the legacy of chaos becuz local gov have no  problem enabling the criminal legal or illegal
nope!
I will be slightly amused when your dragged screaming to Leavenworth Prison for treason you pathetic Russian tool
THE VERY SAME POLLSTERS THAT SAID YOU WOULD LOSE BY A LANDSLIDE!!!
100% of all intellectuals are happy with Sanctuary cities
I know I do. Keep up the good work, President Trump! :)
I vote no sanctuary cities until we get grip of the damage of US citizens social numbers that have been stolen
#66 million "other" Americans would beg to differ
so Americans overwhelmingly oppose you and you still think you mean something
In Rochester, NY the mayor & council voted to fight you & continue to be a sanctuary city totally against the peoples will
But you don't believe in polls? Or do you only believe the ones that support you? Is that why you reissued your media poll?

The left lies so much
They distort the truth
They take sound bites
And run with them.
You are 4 all Americans to #maga
Not this American.   Our entire country is a sanctuary.   Have you not visited a certain statue in a NY harbor?Liberty4all
No!  Americans overwhelmingly oppose you!!!!
Trump is the best thing to come around since slice bread no little boy don't you need to go I think it's 3rd period
I got an idea since a lot of the illegals coming across Mexico why doesn't Mexico build a wall on their southern border
That is complete and total bullshit
i'm sure the numbers are higher than that that support you.
Sanctuary Cities are Biblical
Not happy with what General Kelly said today in Mexico.  He needs to go....He is in complete opposition to your policy.
No, they do not.
No, Americans overwhelmingly oppose you, a fake president elected by Russia and the KKK
we overwhelmingly want you impeached.
There sure is lots of idiots on here!  I support you all the way!  
they also overwhelming oppose you so there's that.
Because I believe sanctuary cities don't arrest illegal immigrants that commit crimes.  Sad!
All America taxpayers are your supporters. Help to stop my California to be a sanctuary state.
wrong
So? Most Americans oppose you as President.
Because Fake Fox makes them think undock immigrants cannot be arrested there.  Untrue!  #fakefox
Amen Mr.Trump
wrong! We want your taxes
thought you didn't believe in polls. If so 39% approval rating
you're few ppl do...tell the truth...don't mislead...
@dixiefortrump Help US crack down the sanctuary cities El Paso TX , Dallas , LA  defund private programs that's corrupted.
they also overwhelmingly oppose YOU. Go away.
Majority are assholes doesnt mean everyone else should change their stance.Stand up 4 what's right,  even if u stand alone
#NoBanNoWall #illegitimatePresident #ImpeachDonaldTrump
I think you have the polls mixed up, the poll of which you speak, is the one in regards to you visiting other cities.
we opposed the New World Order.
We do not want sanctuary cities in the United States!
CRIMINAL ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS SHOULD ALL BE ARRESTED/DEPORTED!!  KEEP AMERICA SAFE!!!
Consider Organizing Teams to go into and take back! Withhold future money/huge reduction in grants etc. Mass arrest Cartel
shame on Spucer excluding news organizations from news briefing #Idaho
What Americans oppose is racism,bigotry,short sighted politicians who seem to only want to enrich themselves at our expense
fake!
--that MA sheriff has the correct answer- you  arrest those who enable illegal activity-
#FAKENEWS
and you want to pipeline through all that.
you are fake news!
They also overwhelmingly want to see your taxes....
LIES!  U lie constantly, so don't expect us to believe anything u say.  U have lost the trust of the American people
Did U actually "READ" The Hill?...or R people telling you. Re-capped on FOX?Not just about majority.Serve everyone,SCROTUS!
