I just wanted to remind you that you lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton by nearly three million. Have a great day!
It was estimated that 4 million illegals voted in this election. TRUMP WON THE AMERICAN VOTE, not the illegal vote.
yes. Very familiar. Bush also lost the popular vote. But not nearly as bad as you did!
exposing niggas
You really need a Secretary of Pacifier.
Please act better than this.
You lost by 3 MILLION VOTES. You're an illegitimate president.
mostly from california
..........k
Why are you upset about @repjohnlewis questioning  the legitimacy of a president? You did it for several years.
You have opportunity here to reassure American people of your intentions and ability to lead them. Take it!
he's a liar.
LEWIS JUST GOT TRUMPED ......

stop acting like a butt hurt teenager! Marcia, Marcia, Marcia!!!
get used to it, Donnie.#NotMyPresident
The hate is coming from your side ... MLK is spinning right now ... Shame on all of you.
Not attending 45 inauguration ? Too bad historical- miss you NOT
are you ~that~ offended? You questioned Obama for years!
you are killing it baby. Keep fighting back for the people, the media and Dems are not used to this.
I can't tell if you ended your tweet with "well played" or "white power."
he is a big disappointment. Losing all credit!
Did Bush go on a rampage, whining like a petulant toddler?
What sounds familiar is an administration ignoring intelligence community and misleading the public. You're on track @realDonaldTrump
To be worse than he was. @realDonaldTrump
Why do you care so much about Lewis? He's not the only one boycotting. @realDonaldTrump
kinda like when Boehner and other repubs skipped @POTUS?
Lewis lied about that in the interview. What else is he lying about? EVERYTHING!
He’s skipping your inauguration bc you incite hatred which goes against everything he and Martin Luther King fought for.
lol really ? The only hatred I see is coming from the left. Riots, Gas, Division... Trump2020! Keep it up
.@realdonaldtrump I admire John Lewis. This country needs John Lewis. He is a beloved voice of moral clarity. You, sir, are no John Lewis.
You mean your moral clarity. Fixed that for you. Not everyone believes civil divisiveness is moral clarity
oh how clever ! Speaking of crime, why agree to a £25 million settlement over fraud allegations regarding trump university?
Lewis is a racist.
Insulting John Lewis is so Sunday. C'mon, there must be someone new to yell at today.
good stuff. Lewis is a liar, a buffoon, and a traitor.
see the truth about John Lewis here
@repjohnlewis is the biggest hypocrit
He USED to be a great man. Now he's just a hate & violence-inciting "Rep" & it's heart breaking
you are so right
I wish I wasn't. Times like these, I don't want to be right. I want Rep Lewis to prove me wrong
when everyone as kids get a trophy they don't attend the inauguration
Lewis needs to run to his safe space because he didn't get what he wanted.
Come Join Us.  Together We Will Make America Great Again.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/475498035967372/ …
you have divided America Donald and you continue it every day. Please resign. If you love the USA, you will do this for us
.@realDonaldTrump Stop this tantrum this instant. You're drawing 20 million people's attention to the fact that you can't cope with a snub.
What the heck is "WP"?
White Power? Worst President-Elect?
Let's put it to a vote. Looking forward to your input @drgoodspine
World Peace?
Here he is with MLK marching against the very sort of division and fear that you promote.
and here is the man Lewis cozied up to in the democrat party
What your silly thing omits is that Byrd renounced the Klan, apologized and embraced the cause of equality.
So you're quick to believe & forgive what Bryd said after his years of racist actions? You fool.
NAACP did. Their opinion matters just a tad more than yours. @CundariRocco @Mikel_Jollett @raphaellaN @realDonaldTrump
Fine, so then why convict our next president without giving him a chance?
He has not acted presidential since his election. That's a problem.
Presidential? Hillary & Bill Clinton have been presidential? Please!
YES IT DOES SOUND FAMILIAR NOBODY THOUGHT YOU SHOULD BE ALIVE ALSO!!!!
Keep up the good work, Mr. President!
I'd like to attend on behalf of one of the CA politicians skipping your inauguration. #californiafortrump
cause he wasn't and like you lost the popular vote so........
Aye you both cheated your way to the top
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
wonderful president. Get it right people.
bing bong
Why doesn't Trump just put on his white sheet?
he will he saved his fathers
Folks say he "keeps it so real", he should wear his white sheet.
, your skin is so thin, I can see your empty heart. Lord, can you just have a self restraint and self control
Lots of sad loser communists in need of a job in here.
So why take it personally then?  Think smart!
@gwenrouton
BLACK BARBARA, DAZE"!!! SO HE WANTED ME TELL YOU "YOU ARE DOING PERRFECT AND HE IS VERRRY PROUD OF YOU, (OF COURSE HE KNEW)
Finally a leader on our side that can stand up. @KurtSchlichter @seanspicer @BoSnerdley @KellyannePolls
he double price of his property in Palm beach membership using
His position to make money
u realize u are going to be prez of U.S.  start acting like it, don't always need to respond but ur ego so t allow that!
Lewis TALKS out of BOTH sides of his MOUTH, The American Indian said it He SPEAKS w/FORKED TONGUE!
people can remember that far back
Dems R undermining our entire country! Dems have NO power & is just an excuse! It will backfire! But MIGHT incite Crazy ppl
Washington Post, Well played?
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
It's too familiar. You're not the people's president. You're not.
It would be nice if one of you guys could win an election straight up. You actually asked the Russian to hack HRC. Sad.
@GeorgeLegacySOS I like Bush.... not happy with that comment Trump ....
Here is a better response: "I respect the great work Mr. Lewis has done, but I disagree with his decision." You're welcome
ブッシュ大統領って誰だ
Why don't you help the GM worker's in Lordstown and Lansing Mi, I am sure they voted for you, keep your promise, Make American Great Again
that's just your opinion, stop overestimating yourself, trust me, youre not as hot as you think
Your being summoned back to the sandbox, Putin  wants to play with you
Both you and Bush 43, won under dubious circumstances and w/o the additional support of the POPULAR vote, so JL is right.
OMG, please shut the heck up!!  We elected you "President"!!  Look it up, then I beg you to shutttt up!!!
If I were your mirror I would commit suicide
You could pretend, and go ahead and do it.
You'll never be my president. You're a sham and a puppet for a foreign enemy (Russia) attempting to destroy the USA. 
Same  Lewis that was on YouTube some time ago expressing fear of the island of Guam "tipping over"
.@realDonaldTrump 2000 Gore received more votes than Bush But 5-4 Supreme Ct decision on a FL recount led2Bush's win a month after election.
Disappointed that @repjohnlewis will not attend @TrumpInaugural. John, thank you for your contributions, let's grab coffee
NOW WE ALL KNOW WHY THE DEMOCRAPS LOST THEY ARE THE DIVIDERS NOT 
THE "WE THE PEOPLE" LIKE PRESIDENT TRUMP
IM A TRUMPSTER
If you follow @realDonaldTrump but do not fully support him, please unfollow. Make him feel as lonely as possible.
You won BC you crossed over 2 moderate Dems/Inds! You focused on Jobs/Security NOT meaningless social issues! The New Party
yup
What does WP mean?
it's familiar because you both lost the popular vote. Derp. He obviously hates the EC like the rest of us.
Mr President, companies will not hire me because I have a handicap. HELP please.
| Electoral college stole presidency from Gore and gave it to Bush. Al Gore won popular vote.#nobody likes to be lied to#
. @realDonaldTrump Will you PLEASE just drop it!? Go get a haircut & write your speech. You're making things worse than they already are!!!
Hmm Familiar? He should get FIRED..Simply unexceptable of an official that is paid by taxpayers! Once shame on you! Twice?
pls make necessary steps 2 protect yourself, Inauguration Day. Paid politicians for doing nothing don't  want 2b exposed.
If the shoe fits. Pathetic, whiny, aberrant, man baby. Take some time to increase your vocabulary.
He wasn't. Lost the popular vote.
@BreitbartNews People who say you have no manners haven't seen that thoughtful thank you card to sent to Vladimir Putin.
When we think you can't get anymore hateful, you prove us wrong.
so are you all proud of Obama for pardoning Manning and 200 others? And you want to criticize Trump? Really? Sad your blind
he wasn't he was illegitimate as you are with the exception of his winning a second term the right way.
.@realDonaldTrump Yes, stupid it DOES sound familiar. Bush lost the popular vote also! HOLY SHIT, you're stupid.
John Lewis' ticket to your inauguration should be given to an average citizen. US is tired of these whiny elitests. #MAGA
Toby Keith what a hell of a man! Thank yon
You're a flop, shut up and try to learn how to lead the US
I'll have to ask someone...since I don't get it
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
he wasn't elected, he was selected, maybe you should learn history?
Elected federal officials boycotting the Presidential inauguration, are disrespecting the office not the person. Shameful !
, all the other party does is try to brain wash us and buy the media to lie for them.
My Parents are in Heaven will be in more Peace knowing that You will be watching over our great nation!!
How does that feel comrade?
And you questioned Obama's legitimacy for 8 years. Based on your new favorite phrase: FAKE NEWS.
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
BLACK BARBARA, THEY WERE PERPETRATING SLAVE MENTALITY AND GOD WASN'T HAVING IT. ALL OF THAT TO SAY YOU'RE PURPISE IS TO
Who are you talking about.
“I’m hoping he stops tweeting like a 13-year-old boy and starts acting like an adult.” D. Forster via WSJ
Frankly I never heard of John Lewis until this week's Soap Opera In contrast MLKing & His Family known& endearing to us all
@realDonaldTrump ANONYMOUS HAS PROMISED A MAJOR LEAK ON DJT INAUGURATION DAY
https://www.google.com/amp/us.blastingnews.com/news/2017/01/anonymous-infowars-source-claims-cnn-to-release-bombshell-trump-tape-before-inauguration-001401085.amp.html?client=ms-android-boost-us …
we have a lying Democrat but that is being redundant.
these politicians need to remember who pays their bills and do the will of the PEOPLE!!!they are acting like spoiled brats.
well seeing that both #Putinspuppet and Bush lost the popular vote...... #keepdrinkingthekoolaid
yeah, i didn't go to that one either! Miss me?
yea he was a one term president and too.
Trump failed. He needs to be stopped right now!
You're ILLEGITIMATE
GROW UP YOU BIG BABY!
You're gonna have to walk me through this one. One man mentioning he wasn't going to the inauguration was worth your time?
realDonaldTrump.               With you all the way !
- please explain the "WP". A shout-out to the KKK who will march in DC? Be honest about your racism.
to you, you get all bully like and lash back.  Grow up for God's sake because you are going to be representing all of us.
well he was correct facts are something you don't understand #putinspuppet
you are building a movement against you.  Try to be humble. Probably not in your being....
your not a legit President!!!
quit tweeting and at last pretend to be Presedential.
great now I'm spelling like him
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
it isnt eating up
Besides being plain stupid and full of poison, John Lewis is senile. He should be removed.
you aren't either Cheeto!
You won BC you CONNECTED 2 WTP! This is historic! Dems can't face REALITY! I think You will FAR exceed Expectations! 
I think you should invite disabled vets to take the place of each and every democrat that won't be at the inauguration!
John Lewis inaccurate statements: 1. Your inaccurate statements: too many to count. Hey, you legitimately won something!
yes because both of cheated the system and didn't win popular votes. 
I'm so excited about Friday  God bless you President Trump much love from this an American citizen
you are absolutely correct Mr Trump!
Have you seen the videos? Is like you and your sons collecting rent
Obama's middle name is Hussian and you wonder if he has Muslim ties? Really?? Obama was not for America!
You are schizophrenic. Keep "Burning the Cross" We hear you. @nbc @cnn @amjoyshow @SpeakerRyan
go out into streets and get 50 americans to come to the swearing in and the ball. poor people, WIA veterans, etc...
#DonTheCon =loser, bigly
corrupt. Had Hillary won the elections and then the media brought out to light how corrupt she is, she would have had to
