WRONG
No!!! Do not approve 
He ran from a question on DACA

This is one I do not agree with you Mr. President
True that. If he isn't willing to answer his constituents about DACA he might be a swamp dweller.
Among many other reasons. 

He's an open border pro tefugeee swamp creature 

He's Alabamas Jeff Flake
POTUS is being played by McConnell on this one
Yes just like with McCain and Ryan
#AmericaWillBeGreatAgainWhenSomeoneKillsThisAsshole
It is super great you can see inside peoples hearts.
mold to my i
Damn it! You lost me Thom Tillis. This man is a pig!
Our lord jesus christ is great amen. Answer is don't do bad amen. TRUE Freedom is don't do bad amen.
Unfortunately the guy failed to win against  your former adviser's candidate what does it mean to you politically deserves rethinking is it
But he lost.
You forgot to delete this one
الفيلم الوثائقي المين وباءالحرب
#popcorn while North Carolina is hard at work and paying you..... resign
So Tom is guilty of backing the wrong horse at least twice now... That RT was a two-fer. 
Interesting backing Strange, who's definitely more mainstream GOP than Roy Moore. But, will Trump fans like that?
You are so insincere ecxept when lusting after your daughter, or bragging about yourself.  Sad. Disgusting...i.e. DEPLORABLE.
You are a fool!
Are you going to let him start a concentration camp and then get pardoned to like Joe Arpaio? How Nazi can we be America?
Thank you for showing how unintelligent people in our society can be.
Why would any vote for Big Loser Strange?
Good old boy I am sure he is great.  Hahaaaa
How lucky are we to have a @POTUS that isn't owned by special interest groups? His only interest is to MAGA
Then why is he endorsing McConnell's swamp creature, Luther Strange?
You always pick the winners!
Moore is the better candidate & the voters know it. Why are you backing a loser?
U MAD HE'S THE BEST
Liberals will probably be offended by this tweet.
Does Puerto Rico ring a bell?
Stranger Danger
So you're writing like a teenager now
You're actually making people dumber. Why are you campaigning anyways? Do you need more money for your lawyers?
you mean another stooge?
Buffoon.
You criticize Trump, but the election was legitimate, you do not deserve a president like Trump, you deserve George Soros.
who does not like Trump does not like democracy. Trump was democratically elected to save America from the socialists and communists!
Democratically elected by 26% of population within a flawed system. Most Americans did not want this corrupt con man running the country
I am blessed to have Donald Trump as my President!
Count your blessings!! #MAGABlessings
Hahaha!  Omg you must not know the definition of the word "blessed".  #MOPA #impeachtrump
Alt-Right and Alt-Left struggle will melt away as Earth Crust &Atmosphere is heating up. Boiler Rooms &
 Steaming Drones r making Guacamole
Moore, Moore, Moore!
RINO.....
meanwhile all of Puerto Rico is without electricity and devastated by Hurricane Maria and your thugs are killing HC.
I love you Mr. President but you will be getting Judge Moore. You’ll thank us later.
Now all Trump needs is someone from Brazil to RT him and fawn all over everything he says. 

Oh, look...
Luther Strange has stock in a immigration visa program.
@LindaSuhler   He's a McConnell puppet. Vote for Roy Moore!
Any plans to pay a visit to #Nambia on your way back to DC .@POTUS? #TrumpUN
The #MAGA movement has become bigger and stronger than ever before! We're fighting the Fake News Media, & showing love for President Trump.
This kid is 16. 
Aww you have a crush!
Donnie translator: He's intimidated by science and real intelligence, he's racist, and he will treat white military and vets well then cut $
Not happening, Mr @POTUS . We know u love this country, but we also know u made deal w establishment rinos 2 support in exchange 4 theirs
You did what you had to, but now we're going to primary all globalists @realDonaldTrump and help you #MAGA even if you have to hide support
Melania Trump was a breath of fresh air today. Best President and First Lady in our lifetimes!
She barely speaks English wtf! Lol


No he wasnt , numb nuts...
Why are you tripling down on your Luther Strange endorsment? It's going to be so embarassing whne he gets crushed by @MooreSenate !
You dont control people who voted for you, we support @MooreSenate because he is not the Swamp McConnell candidate! You are selling out!
Luther Strange is a liar!
Count the lies in Luther Strange's first campaign ad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvmPAhDdq0s …

Did you come up with that yourself?
Eric doesn't mention when it was taken.  Perhaps in 2016? 
Forgot to delete this one, Einstein?
wise up trump, ur smarter than that!
GET OVER YOURSELF RUMP YOUR NOT COMPRESSING  ANYONE BUT YOURSELF
@Thomtillis Vicious -We know #trumprussia #treason Trolls specifically promoted racial tensions, as well as #altright hate
Always in Alabama??
I wish my President didn't have to associate with RINOs
You do realize he's just a candidate right? He could still lose.
... #GotLiteracy?
President Trump is a genius. Whether you know it or accept it or not, we are so lucky to have him as President.#MAGA
I'm wondering how much you get paid? Is it more than Diamond and Silk?
I don't get paid anything. I'm just an American who wants lower taxes & secure borders. I love President Trump  & what he stands for
who does not like Trump does not like democracy. Trump was democratically elected to save America from the socialists and communists!

Absolutely not!!!!!
Hope Alabama is smart enough not to be taken in by McConnells choice and obvious back scratching tactics going on here.
 Vote for Roy Moore 

 Make America Great Again 

 Drain The Swamp of Mitch's Sewer Creatures Like @lutherstrange 

#Alabama #MAGA
You are obviously not from Alabama 
Counting the days until your impeachment. Drip drip drip drip. Anyone worthwhile would not be endorsed by you. Evil attracts evil.
Pig
Icky
Are they soooo lucky?
Isn't it soooo sad that a 70 year old "man" tweets like a 14 year old girl?
Jesus Donny, what's he have on you?
Luther and strange two evil bad guy names in one guess trump really is a super villain
No one believes you anymore. The only ones who do will probably lose their health care
People need help in hurricane ravaged areas!  Texas, Florida, St Thomas, Puerto Rico.  Earthquake in Mexico.  Who gives a crap about guns!
I love you, but not feeling this one.
No it isnt
Goodness!!! Such a wonderful candidate! Why else would Trumpgate endorse?
#MAGA

Here's why Jimmy Kimmel (entertainer) is more qualified than Donald Trump (entertainer) to discuss health care https://twitter.com/cnnpolitics/status/910847601439907842 …
Huntsville loaded with defense contractors, economy dependent on federal dollars. Strange loves military spending that supports local jobs.
"Big Luther Strange" sounds like a super-villain. You probably also liked Sen. Palpatine's motion to install a grand Empire.
I like that "sooo".  Do you dot your i's with little hearts?
Anyone that McConnell supports, I don't!
I am Praying for you and family!
So the complete opposite of you,  right? 
Tough on borders...You know that AL doesn't have a border with MX, no?  Could you even find it on a map?
BRING BACK UR MAGA TEAM and abort ur DACA Dreamers & their criminal parents! Americans first. Dump ur lousy advisors!
We want mandatory ID voter Laws! We know WTP voted for every thing the evil Dems R Against,Too Bad!#
#Dotard #AssClown
No, actually, Alabama is lucky to have a candidate like Doug Jones. Alabamians need #DougJonesforSenate #ALSEN
Oh my god, have you doodled his name on your notebook with hearts surrounding it? That's soooo adorable.  #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Big Judge Roy for Alabama!!
Quit stumping for your loser friends and try to actually do some presidenting. Better yet, resign before you’re impeached, you traitor.
"Big" Luther combs his hair and uses septic safe toilet paper
America not as lucky 
are you guys going to fuck
And U.S.A. is lucky to have you as President and Commander and Chief!
Like sooooo totally wrong. Lue Strange is weird, totally gauche. Literally ewwww, so gross. Does Alabama want to be grody to the max? As if!
You do realize that that tweet sounds sooooooo sarcastic. Friday!
... lucky them ... cursed the whole usa with its unfit potus !!!
Strange is part of the swamp.
Mr President, we're sending you the cavalry on November 2018. Roy Moore will be part of the advance team... #GlovesOff #MAGA 
Or is BIG Luther corrupt like you and is only tough on crime when it comes to minorities?  Just like Joe your racist buddy.
Does he like pizza and ice cream? How many scoops?
'sooo lucky'? Does a middle school girl tweet on your behalf?
but....yet...#anniston FIASCO. Bitch has my title too, wont give it up. didnt maintain and a packrat- but keeps house?
We're sooo lucky to have #mueller looking into your #obstructionofjustice and other #trumpfamilycrimes #ITMFA
Strange is for Amnesty. Moore is against amnesty, and supports the RAISE act.
Someone is feeding you lies about Big Establishment Luther.
You tweet like a teenage girl!
Votes for horrendous legislation, dumb as a bag of hammers, explains your admiration, and he did vote against veteran's aid bills #biglylies
Strange is a shrill for oil companies and a bigot. Classic swamp dweller. His views disgust. Just Trump's type. @realDonaldTrump
Would you like to him to bend over so you can better kiss his ass? You must want something from him. Only reason you flatter anyone.
Another klan member joining Trump
Trump, you suck!
very good Donald but will he vote for the Graham Cassidy Bill stopping healthcare to freeloaders who won't pay?
he ain't gonna help u your DayZ are numbered wouldn't it be Strange if Strange was the one 2 lock u up, funny
Time to start bringing criminal charges against commey and company. Bring down clintion crime organizations
It has two really crap candidates
This is ridiculous. People will post anything.
Wrong candidate prez
To know him is to love him.

He is not for Alabama little man. The working man is not for him I am  sure.
Your all over Big Luther's Nut Job your getting Fired
Poor guy getting a nod from president is like a knife in the back these days.
Hell yeah!!! Let's vote to arm uneducated, racist rednecks with semi automatic weapons!!! #MAGA
Just be a corrupt liar as that's only kind Trump supports. What are his ties to Russia? Silly nickname big Luther? Sounds like a Trump idiot
Really acting like the President who will do the most for the LGBT  community than anyone else #hypocrite #liar #WhiteSupremacist
You like him because he is another liar and racist like you!
Like you
I am supporting a TRUE man of God and Patriot, Judge Roy Moore!!!
Doug Jones!!
PUT TRUMP AND HIS FRIENDS IN PRISON!!
Can you breathe with your head so far up his bottom? LOL
No. Thank you
You're joshing with this Strange character, right?
Lie, lie, lie.
Another candidate for the swamp
Why do stupid people like to congregate in hot wet climates in the southern US? Nurture or Nature?
You need to resign soooo soon!
Have you sent your $1,000,000 in yet for Harvey? When and where please?
God, this is our actual fucking president. He sounds like a 5th grader.
Better credentials than you have.
.@IJasonAlexander .@JerrySeinfeld .@OfficialJLD .@curbhbo .@HBO 

https://youtu.be/EfPfzo7wpC4 
You like men w/cute li'l nicknames dont you? 
Ala, Consider the man behind the endorsement, if Trump loves him he must be a corrupt a-hole!

I'll bet you he's a good dancer also.

Hope he loses. We have enough prejudice people in office
You would be in favor of a bigot like Strange.
no strange please.
MY GOD DO YOUR HOMEWORK BEFORE YOU TWEET! HES A ESTABLISHMENT RINO! ROY MOORE SUPPORTS YOUR AGENDA!
If you are right! LUTHER should  BE THE WINNER'
Please go read a book.
Just as we are sooo lucky to have you as president Dotard
Sooooo lucky you are cutting Vets benefits! Soooo lucky!! What is your policy for vets? Bk you are cutting their benefits!!!
This can't be The president tweeting this , he is a lot smarter than this .Strange is a establishment/open borders hack
Liar
U R DAMNED WRONG TO HELP CROOKED GANGSTER OUTLAW HOODLUM THUG LUTHER... STAY THE HELL OUTTA ALABAMA UNLESS U HELP CHRISTIAN JUDGE MOORE!!!!!
It doesn't matter - everyone knows that both Strange and his opponent are losers, and no one cares about Alabama, so you continue to fail.
More you talk... less chance Strange will win. Trump endorsement is poison
Judge Roy Moore, 'Proven Patriot;' sacrificed.
Not pc-political hogwash campaign rhetoric. 
**Not Strange**  Too many strange RINOs now.

You know that "soooo" is sarcasm, right?
Another commercial from con tv!!!
Strange is an establishment Republican that Christians and patriotic Americans hate. "I will always favor Christians" is a lie.
Alabama doesn't need to worry about boarders. They need immigrants to work the farms. He's a monster.
