Thank you, Mr President, for doing such a good job thus far . Finally we have a President who has b--ls. That's why I voted for you.
You can't write out the word "balls"? Does your mother monitor your Twitter feed or something?
#Arkema #DisasterRecovery you are killing  people deregulating standards. How do you live  with that? How do sleep or look in the mirror?
Thank you for your work, Mr. President.
your behavior is childish and unacceptable. Grow up and get help.
Great job Donald Trump 
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Busines...
Thank you sir
#ReplaceGlassSteagal 
#Slander&Libel laws
So they have...!!!
Thanks Mr. President !
You lying fool!
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
#GodBlessPresidentTrump
And we're going to get rid of the costly and unnecessary You and your family and administration.
That's okay, you don't believe in science anyway...
Keep cutting regulations. Do a ppp for Texas rebuilding. Waive all federal permits for texas.
Good News! When God purges the #ObamaHoldovers trying to execute a #coupdetat, we will be on the road to even greater success.

I want passive income not jobs.
Hey are you still hunting for passive income source??
Regulations are there for a reason, Einstein. Are they making it impossible to do your criminal work?
#please #stop
Thank you Mr President praying for you
MR T, Doing a hell of a job, most americans think. But looks like everyone U brought into oval. except yor kids, not trust worthy. no help.
MR T, LOOKS TO US LIKE THE OVAL IS FULL OF TRAITORS, UNTRUSTED, LEAKERS,, STANDING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU. THERE IS A UNDERLINING EVIL IN W H.
You're right and his name is Donal J Trump
We love and support you President Trump God bless!!
Awesome job  we love your hard work & positive attitude ~ with you all the way!
God bless u Mr  Trump
repeal regulations. But let's address our nation's historical monuments being attacked too !
You need to put KKK in as a terrorist group!!
Get. Rid off CNN what a joke they are I have never heard anything so negative as that.
Great. Trash the environment for profits. You're the worst President ever.
Thank you, President Trump, for doing a great job for us.  We are with you 100%
He is also continuing to get rid of costly & unnecessary staffers. Much work left to do.

Dammit. Winning again.
Yeah. Get rid of those pesky regulations. It's not like they have a purpose. Fuck 'em!
The only thing growing is the U.S.'S hatred of you.
Thank you Mr. President!
How about getting rid of the FMCSA and the ELD's that going to hurt the trucking industry. It's not about safety, it's about money.Thank you
U no black,whites are fighting while isis,North Korea...Are laughing at us making fools of ourselves, while enemy thinks OF ATTACK!! WAKE UP
PLEASE protect and endorse natural medicine,and freedom to choose naturaland non addicttreatment
У нас же всё наоборот, ниработы ни соцзащиты, коррупция! путинские шныри (полиция) низаконо лишают водительских прав. имперская анархия!
Those leaving the mfg council are ignorant or cowards. It's all about $ for them#no spine! Love you can see what's really happening
With Tesla, Merck, Under Armour, Intel, Alliance for US Manufacturing & AFL-CIO off your MFG Council, new job openings there.

#IMPEACHTRUMP
http://You.are.an .idiot.
Once again, I agree.
You are real, thank you
Get rid of high priced, low-quality college monopoly over higher education. @usedgov @finkd @HigherEdNotDebt @DebtCrisisOrg @ABAesq @CNN
Here's what he's referring to -
MR.TRUMP, YOU NEED TOO GET RID OF McMASTER !
MR. TRUMP, YOU NEED TO GET RID OF McMASTER  , HE IS YOUR LEAKER !!!
Keep moving on!!
Keep up good work
Start With Term Limits in all Branches of Government. #MAGA So these career political families don't rule forever.  Friend and Family 1%ers
Can you get rid of the "Five Year Rule" for DoD civilians trying to add stability to the overseas environment?  Costs $ and svc disruption.
bid D already lost over 600 jobs w/o even trying
At the risk of being boring "I" not "we"
Get rid of Bannon and Gorka!
We must educate our citizen. Mostly get messed up with credit while replying old bills.
Must work in debt collection management.
MAGA!

how about tax breaks for startup businesses?
Keep on
There won't be a need to re-elect Donald Trump in 20/20 because he will start a Thermonuclear War and we'll all be dead!!!
666
Get rid of the alt right! Why are you silent on the events of VA?
You are a total failure with a huge mouth. A total 'Gob Shite'.You haven't delivered anything apart from stoking tensions with North Korea.
What about the violence in VA? Where is your voice?
I Will not give up until.I am heard!
Explain how muslims, and illegal are getting the money We deserve!
Because of a injury in a rock slide ,my side would go numb,when I raised my hand to do art work ,a back adjustment,cure!
I stopped doing art for 25 years before a back doctor fixed it!
I got some money for hearing loss ,but it happened in 69 in a rocket attack, where's my back pay!
now those who might be reading this watch ,How I will be completely ignored!
So I will repeatedly a message !
It's a real shame all this VA reform is just a smoke screen!
I a disabled Vietnam turned down again!
H.L.Beam 68-69!
you and your cronies will be the death of the United States and our democracy.  History will show you to be the lying con man  you truly are
Keep fighting the sewer. #flushit
President Trump, thank you for all the work you are doing for America, God bless you.
Yes
Mr President they want you to get a dog.........Get a Cat !
So instead of slowly killing our planet, lets be over achievers! Lets kill it QUICKLY #Gotrump #Fucktheenvironment #WINNING
Bullshit
Time to ditch the Republican Party and Start an American Nationalist Party. Time to remove the Rhinos and the Deep State minions.
When is de valuation of $

@ThePatriot143
Jobs added last 6 months under Obama:1,305,000
Jobs added first 6 months under Trump:1,074,000
Definitely slowed under Trump
Good to know. Which ones?

You keep repeating LIES.
Start by quitting your golf trips and moving your wife into the WH
Although if I was her, I wouldn't want that either
Get rid of your costly and unnecessary golf trips.  And "rallies". You are a ridiculous pathetic excuse for man much less a *president.
At what expense.  Our national parks, our oceans?  Still waiting for all those jobs.
Regulations keep greedy A-holes like U from polluting, ripping off & plunging our country into horrific recessions & despair. They are laws!
Yes, we too can join the third world where goods and services are not regulated,  - anything for the bottom line. Hooray
Yes, make it easier for regular people get screwed and your rich friends get richer. YOU SUCK AS PRES. RESIGN & MAGA
But We Will All Be Dead! Thanks to your unhealthy way You choose to: Make America Great Again????? For who????
Like the EPA?  How much will it cost in 30 years in medical costs? Not the smartest guy in the world are you?
How about the regulation to put tax on tampons. They should be considered a necessity and be free of tax
Welcome.
#MAGA 
#StandWithTrump
ELDs will ruin produce haulers. travel time will B added & will affect produce shelflife. The Consumer will be hurt too.
And more people will be sick and die from eating and inhaling poison and polluted air. Greedy people only care about MONEY and POWER.
And our water will continue to suffer contamination. Sure, pat yourself on the back for making a dimmer future for your own grandchildren.
Stay where you and stop yourself...get lost..
Your English sucks. Deport thy self.
We've already been down this deregulation road. It doesn't work!
Bull shit! All you're doing is giving away the store to the rich and powerful, & in the process making America dirtier & dirtier.
You're costly and unnecessary.
This is critically needed and one of the most important things.. I hope we see long-term legislation that does the same thing permanently
I hope so!
Finally Government running like a Businesss the way it is suppose to be.
Where are the good paying jobs?
Fíate de Jehová de todo tu corazón, Y no te apoyes en tu propia prudencia.
Proverbios 3:5
What you are killing is our country. Within 100 day you and your clan took us out of leading position. Despicable.
CLIMATE CHANGE.
,...in order 2 let WALL street RUN WILD (August 3, 2017; 8:12 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
yeah "continuing 2 get rid of COSTLY REGULATIONS...," (August 3, 2017; 8:12 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
fake news!
Not all regulations are bad. My husband will make a lot of money from your deregulations. I rather have less and country does well .
Yes! 88 months of gains in employment, wages and the stock market! Thank you Real President Barack Obama! You can't take credit fake BLOTUS.
Yes we the people expect to see lots of positions in the white house become available very soon.
No to seismic ocean air gun - will destroy wildlife and the environment
Yeah, regulations put in place to protect the same crazy extremest that attend your continuing campaign rallies.
Hi
why don't you somehow get rid of Mitch McConnell too  he's a progressive loser !
@realDonaldTrump   Yep. Great plan. Only one drawback as I see it - we'll all be choking on our own pollution. Clown move!!
 #MAGANOMICS = #Winning 
 #MickMulvaney 
 #Budget #Reform #MAGA 

#DrainTheSwamp #CutRedTape
#ObamaLegacy #Corruption > #Over
You've passed no meaningful deregulation and have proposed virtually no laws! Your policies and proposals have no numbers and no info! SAD!
You're will to destroy our beautiful environment, defund and ignore science and think that will make the US great again? SMH
Down with Fake Media ! Complete Congress  & Senate. NOTHING.Stand up for your Country Stand with our President! You will be Lost & Forgotten
"Profit will grow for the wealthy, but the poor will remain screwed, as the regulations that helped them get ripped to shreds."
You are a legend in your own mind.  Reality is you haven't accomplished jack shit
Stupid laws and regulations. And truth.
Please, don't stop. There's so much more to do. America will lead the world, the same way Rome and Great Britain did. Our turn !!!
Keep up the good work president trump.
You don't work. You doodle all day long.
Can't wait to breathe smog and see our lakes and wetlands totally polluted..to have our ozone depleted and more disasterous weather.#RESIGN

Like good health care for vets?
How about the businesses & jobs that were affected by your bad choices causing four chapter 11 filings? Don't forget that.
Just so you know the regulations are in place to protect people like me from people like you. Wealth and power strangle the poor and weak.
If you choke us out then you will only have each other. This is counterproductive to you and the Koch brothers. People are seeing this......
Deregulate like Cheney the antichrist.  Let the foxes watch the henhouses and pollute all.
Good! Get out of office and we all win #winning
According to a new analysis of data, last year solar was the "star performer" in terms of new electricity generation, as renewables win.
Keep it up sir!
Those regulations that you call "costly and unnecessary" are the only thing that "we the people", your employer, have in place to protect US
need to get your act together and be president.
stop attacking the environment ass face, no ones wants to go back to the days of smog and burning rivers
Thank you Mr. President.
And wages will continue to stagnate. Thanks for helping businesses but not people.
You have 225 nominations sitting dead in the Senate and 6 months wasted on HealthCare battle because of Senate. Nominees could have beenConf
Idiot
You are allowing businesses to destroy our environment.
Do what you can on your own as we know how helpful @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan have been for you.
McConnell needs to get off his ass and take control of the Senate! Nothing getting done. Not even confirmations. Who's side is he on?
Thank you media. Keep up the great work. You have provided a 4 year head start against Donald for the Dems.
Get back to work. You are way behind Obama. Time to represent more than 33% of tge country.
*sploot*
GREAT JOB MR. PRESIDENT!
The planet will die, but WTF do you care?
Jobs grow only when people buy. Put money in our pockets, not your rich friends
And our people and planet will die.
CLEANIMG THE WHITE HOUSE FROM  LISTENING DEVICES & OBSTRUCTIONISTS IS FIRST PRIORITY... SAD WE HAVE TOO..
Good to hear Mr.President I for one am looking forward to eliminating the slackers
Please, Obama burned you, everyone laughed now you are taking your ball home so no one else can play. Sad
