
That reminds me of your debate mic complaint! Have you done the test? Mickey Mouse!
People protest because your agenda is backed by a minority. The majority didn't vote for you. Lead for ALL! Or RESIGN!
It's clear you don't plan to be President for the majority of the country, just your ignorant base! We'll fight every step!
stop your crying. Boohoo
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
I'm the one who pulled that plug, Mr. President.
Pelosi & Chuckie are a total disgrace & embarrassment & only support their own agendas for their own benefit. Disgusting.
Omg are u for real!!!,U r an embarrassment to the world! Seriously have issues. Shameful!
. @realDonaldTrump The Fakest Man with the Fakest Family, Fake ExWives, Fake @POTUS attempting to call the kettle black. #DonaldhadDementia?
AMEN
Does President Bannon tell you what to tweet as well as what EOs to sign? You're going to end up in prison along with him.
Good one Mr. President!! 
LOL. Thanks for reminding us how hilariously awful you performed at the debates. We needed a laugh.

I support President Trump
you are the leader of deplorables
Fake like Trump U?  Or fake like Trump steaks? Or fake like your tan? U really need to look in the mirror dude.
what are you 13? Have some bloody dignity man?
just like your little hands don't work
not a puppy, not human, just a sick sack of excrement. #ResistTrump #ImpeachTrump
seriously? Where's your tweets paying respect to the fallen soldier?! There are NONE. ALL YOU DO IS WHINE.
your the president for the love of god please grow up and act like it.
Bravo Sir! Brilliant and effective Tweet to persuade the Dems to move faster on your appointments! Hugely presidential move
sounds a lot like a schoolyard bully
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
when are they going away?! They're extremely attention seeking & not effective at all.
Sounds like someone needs his blankie and a nap. Yes, you.
how about you stop dividing our country into two parties and unite us like a president should
I'm just sad that we can't all come together regardless of sex, race, religion, political party.. etc. we need to now more than ever.
raytooo ma 7ada y7ke men b3deeeek anaaaaaa
he means: No one should talk after you  

bs habet tarjemlek shu al  
Bshrfaaak
your welcome 
cmon Trump, stop with the name calling and unite us, I voted for you but I thought you would quit tweeting after election
i can agree with that, wish the democrats did
I'm a dem, but I'll ALWAYS put #CountrybeforeParty. I respect our difference, & ready to fight with you! 

you still LOST by 3 million popular votes! @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @SenateDems @SenateGOP @sonnycole @USATODAY @Rosie

LOST 3 million popular votes & it still burns him . @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @sonnycole @bessbell @rosie
and he's going to win again in four years
sure, if there is still civilization left.  @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @sonnycole @bessbell @Rosie
surprisingly after Barack Obama we're still alive
not so surprisingly @BarackObama isn't laughed at like @realDonaldTrump by other nations.  @sonnycole @bessbell @Rosie @USATODAY

We do not need this. You are embassing our country. I voted for you.Please do not make me think I made.a mistake.
FLYNN SHOULD STAY MCCAIN SHOULD GO

ITS SO EMBARASSING MCCAIN HAS DONE NOTHING FOR ARIZONA THE GUY IS DELUSIONAL

Traitors all
Chuck Schumer's tears are NOT fake, but your hair still is.
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
Just like you had fewer people at your inauguration than Obama.  Like you had to fake standing O with CIA!!
Did you expect anything more from these two They need to be put in A psycho ward immediately
Kind of like when you blamed poor debate performance on a bad mic. #ClownInChief #PresidentBannon
I am embarrassed to have my President name calling, something I teach my children not to do.  Please stop name calling.
@POTUS  I'm a supporter but do you really have to lower yourself to third grade tactics of name calling.
The phrase, fake tears coming from the #bigbaby
Forward March!  They are still pretending to be wizards and don't understand the curtain is gone.
No need to get nasty.  Did you forget that you are now the President?  How about a little respect for the position?
acting like a child
some people care about others not just themselves
Only thing fake is Kelkyanne's mask. She's really a devil.
a house divided against itself cannot stand. A quote from someone trump knows nothing about.
God made sure the mic didn't work! Really!
ooooh shit talker lmaooo I like you
Trump knows nothing about relationships he only knows cheating and abuse your wife
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
So when are you gonna act like a U.S. president and not the 1st grade class president #FirstAmendment #rights
how you like that?
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
perfectly perfect in every way!
name calling? You are so classless
Why is this obsurd carnival still going on? Getting tired of rambling liberals spewing hate and hypocrisy among us.
Isn't that the truth Mr. President. Love what you're doing so far. I pray for you every day.
comments are funny I guess people think once you become president your suppose to turn into a #LizardPerson #MAGA
Pelosi thinks Bush is President. Maxin waters thinks Russia invaded Korea. Your job should be easy. Now do it
Grow up! You are rude, ignorant and act like a middle school bully!
I think know you are great for the country!!! Keep fighting to help everybody.
A year later, do you still think he is great for the country? Just asking...
Calling people names and making fun of the disabled is not making America great again
Nancy Pelosi looks like a deer in the headlights, running scared.  Miss behaving creating chaos sore loser crybabies.
At this time of night, my understanding is you're watching Faux news for your briefing on everything.  Good job
Shame on you Teresa for supporting such a dreadful man.
one word... buffoon!
Resorting to juvenile name calling to call someone juvenile, only identifies one juvenile in the room. HINT: it's you.
Fake tears? He lost family in the holocaust. Do you believe the holocaust happened? I'm curious.
., lol!!!!!! Gosh, I love you man!., hilarious!!
Really?  Maybe they actually care.  Are you guys the Christian party?  WWJD?-Look it up
Did u hear her tell the guy to say he is muslim.
I love you @NancyPelosi   thanks for being a @Leadeer @realDonaldTrump is not with it he is thinking back in 1900
good  job @SenJohnMcCain  thank for talking up for the @country we need true leadership that you all
So much for the President trying to unite the Country.
Your behavior is reprehensible. Nothing more than a school yard bully. Step up & be a MAN! Try to act Presidential!
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
@POTUS #presidentofrepublicanswhovotedforhimcallingdemsamess #notmypresident#resist
should they have paid people to stand there and cheer like you do??
both are horrible disgraces!
"Fake Tears".....guess that is more polite than
Schmuckie Chuckie.

"Fake Prez Donny Trump" has a really nice ring to it.
Let my accusers be clothed with shame...cover themselves with their own disgrace as with a mantle. Psalm 109:29
fake president doesnt work - rather watch tv than do his job (a mess) #Illegitimate Hillary got almost 3 MILLION more votes
Jerk
Plus it helps to make sure veterans of War will have benefits.
WAPO Headlines:"AustralianPM,Trump offerMxd msgsOn rapefugee deal"America1st Americans1st #NoRefugees MakeAmericaSafeAgain
@POTUS says #presidentfuckfacevanclownstick
keep up the good work, I hope your chefs have allot of crow for all these idiots on here to eat in four years
seriously? How can anybody respect you as a grown man let alone the president when you just cant keep your mouth shut?
Still name calling I see. Why don't you grow up, you're an old man already!!
the only good now is the Democratic party you are ruining everything about the US. You're Caesar and Hitler wrapped up in 1
what the F- is wrong with you?
go back to your tv show. You were better there than you are as president but not by much.  I never liked the show
If you had once ounce of empathy Schummer's tears are what tears look like.  #trumpsociopath
In Anaheim,Calif  a restaurant named the White House burn to the ground last night it would be wonderful if you could help
Dear President Trump - Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer are political hacks and a dusgusting disgrace
they Should be after what they have Done to all the Disabled people in America and Handicap, its a Obama care Crime
UR heart is even smaller than your mind or UR hands! Pray for Unity in this Country instead of your damn show ratings!!!!!
Fake @POTUS is unraveling! Can't lead. I know how to lead. He's bad. Terrible. Sad. Impeach Now!! Bad #TrumpOnTrump #Resist
Like all 5 year old's, you are a sore winner!
your hair doesn't work.
These are bad people, very bad people trying to turn this country Communist.  Never forget it and never give in.
: You are going to be a great president..but please stop the ad hominem attacks on your critics. Please!
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
Then your pussy grandpa got BANNED from Germany when he tried to go back for sneaking out on his war service.
Would you say that your main qualification as president is that your mic is working?
Fake President
They r the ones who need 2b drained from the swamp. Worthless! America 1st!
I think your hair is a mess
Your mic worked fine last night and I still found it (a mess)!
okay you are doing what you said you would build a wall. They don't just cross the border.They go underground through ports
You men a mess like you!!!
He didn't have fake tears. He has a heart unlike you. You should have a heart put in your body. You don't have any tears.
I thought your wife was going to launch an anti bullying initiative...Hope she starts by reforming you.
You were bitching about the mic during the debates or did you forget that?
doesnt remind you of whinging about ur mike at the debate though does it? Hey trumpy, you know the world is watching right?
dang! you're so presidential. NOT
fake tears? oh are you missn boehner?
Taking the bully in bully pulpit a little too far!
People are catching on to your fake and shallow personality and lack of empathy for others./2
Let's see your tax returns #fraud
My 9 year old got in trouble at school for calling someone a Germ. Quit name calling and lead by example.
if you show respect you get it show your taxes.
how is this presidential behavior? You're not on the playground. Lack of empathy kinda how you mocked a disabled reporter
a tweet like this is not Presidential it is sociopath #HesNotMyPresident #presidentbigmouth #ImpeachTrump
you're the president now...you already won.  Why do you feel the need to make petty comments like this?  Grow up.
Go away I was looking at something better than you
mocking a man on remembrance day.. Sad! As for fake... like your orange tan? hah!
you need to give Nancy Pelosi a new name!
grow up pampered country club draft dodger "kid". You're an embarrassment
You are the fake expert, I thought. But apparently not.
because you have the emotional capacity of a rock does not mean that the rest of human kind is hindered in the same
They are the biggest detriment to our government, along with McCain.

You are embarrassing yourself, just stop.
chuck schumer is the GOAT
do u think maybe NOT calling people names or degrading the opposition party would help push thru ur agenda? Ur causing...


