YOU ARE A RACIST. Putting on a Yamica and touch a wall does not make American's or Jews think you give on DAMN ABOUT THEM. PHONY DOTARD!
You just made a tweet saying we worship god not government. Don’t pander to one religion then act like you support all.
Thank you for your hard work. Don't quit it's what they want. The majority loves You.That's how you got elected.
Mmmm. No. Not really. The majority voted for Clinton--real numbers backed up by a process called COUNTING. Electoral College gave him the office.
For those who claim he's a Nazi, he wouldn't be doing this if he was a Nazi.
Faux Jew. Coins in pocket to kill my family Louise Dorothy deaden Marion Louise Yvonne Marionpaukovich Rosemary deadentorture Yvette illegal
Love d Jewish people
And the thought is....; What the hell is so special about this dirty old wall?
Jared wrote that, right? Or was it Ivanka or maybe their rabbi? Perhaps you stole that from someone else.
Pray for the peace of Jerusalem; those who love you will prosper.

Psalm 122: 6. God bless you always!!!
God Bless you.
You honor them who are #robbing #US and the rest of the world from its #freedoms and #Morality but most of all the #US federal reserve's
Silly
Don’t waste you time
fake junk post  unbeleivable
#FakePresident: Next disaster = tax disaster
  #UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER
   http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
   https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
How about a statement on Price or how much you and the Mrs. have cost taxpayers for personal travel? More hypocracy. But still #neverpence.
What about those whose lives were shattered by Harvey, Irma & Maria? Why don't you show some concern & do something urgently.
#TheResistance
Thoughts
How exactly is this man a racist?
Really, really, REALLY?
I doubt your white supremacist friends feel the same.
#MAGA
"The power of prayer is something you just can not underestimate." -Rep. Steve Scalise #ScaliseStrong
Our great @FLOTUS dealing with Leftist nonsense with class and grace.
Fantastic statement by General John Kelly on the National Anthem!
Unless you're at home on the couch. Then you should fart, get another beer and bitch about the unpatriotic players.
You're the best President ever!
All of us Jews know just what you think of us. Remember, actions speaks louder than words.
Exactly, he went out of his way to give you the highest honor of his support and yet, your still ungrateful.
How many of the best people do you have left, genius?  #TheResistance

Trump is trash why isn't he in there
You've got PLENTY to atone for: #TrumpsKatrina #TrumpRussia #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpCrimeFamily #LiarInChief . But #MuellerIsComing
Trump: Look at the new Dem mailer!
Looks like smooth sailing for you 
in 2020. MAGA USA
TRUMP PLATE:

President Trump: You are making America great again. THANK YOU!
TRUMP: Watch out for liberal hypocrites.
Grow up and stop begging for RTs
You need all the help you can get so pray to as many Gods as you can.
Hahaha yea right. My bets are @MichaelCohen212  next!
We should always support Jerusalem protect Israel
You should observe it by atoning for your sins and ways
Is that to say they aren't with the Americans dying in Puerto Rico???
Wishing my tribe a easy fast!!
Must EVERYTHING be about you?  You're a disgusting, incompetent jackass. People are dying because you're doing such a great job!
#FuckfaceVonClownstick  #MangoUnchained
And all those fine nazis too?
Such a hypocrite.
#FakeJews
Who the fook are you
Why did you use up all your prayers this week....you funny old man
Release your tax returns


US sponsored rebels involved in #OrganHarvesting of Syrian children while they are still alive!
@TulsiGabbard #Syria
An amoral racist commenting on a Jewish holy day. That's rich.

Jack of Wall Trades, Master of None
FORGET the obligatory holiday wish. Stop golfing and take care of the millions of American citizens in PR
Powerful moment from San Juan mayor: "I am begging, begging anyone that can hear us to save us from dying" 
His thoughts are...."how can I fuck the Jews even more?" Stephen Miller is not enough!
Mr trump you make israel great again not america . And the people of america seeing it
Thank you.
Delete your account!!

Meanwhile you trash an entire race.

Why dont you tweet on the behalf of Ashora'a? This is a holy day for Muslims and they fast on it
YOU GET WORSE BY THE MINUTE
he’s just wishing jews a good yom kippur and this is what you say? seriously.
Donald said enough to the Jews when he supported the Nazis in Charlottesville
"very fine people" "on many sides"
Can you please point them out to the rest of us.....
You defended Nazis. Don't even pretend to support the Jewish community.
He didn't defend anyone, he just stated that both parties are at fault for the violence that happened.
"Some Very Fine People on Both Sides" - Donald J. Trump. Safe to say that's coming to their defense. Try again?
Both sides were down there protesting for what they believe in, even if one side got deemed as neonazis.
People were literally chanting "Jews will not relace us" and standing with them is not a good thing. Understand?
CNN Trump Approval: 37%
My gawd, don't use CNN when talking politics. Conservative will just ignore it.
Like they ignore reality
Well, yeah, but they also ignore CNN, which does tend to be more liberally biased, so there is a reason for them not to trust it.
I post for us, not for them
There's no point in posting for people who agree with you already. Try getting more ppl on the anti-Trump train and save the 2020 election.
This whole "anti" mindset is part of the problem. As long as Dems are anti-Trump instead of being pro-something, they will keep losing.
This is fake news. You have no thoughts.
He heard Yom Kippur & thought it was yams & kippers and left for dinner ... 
We're actually okay thanks. But looks like Puerto Rico could really use some thoughts, prayers and I don't know, help? Hope golfing was nice
Did you do anything to help? Did you donate?
The "other side" to Trump
With a president who can't even keep his cabinet together (mass quitting)
And one who world leaders prefer to avoid
But none of this will matter to those whose main compass just says "MAGA" no matter what...
His impact crosses borders, raising bigotry (which he encourages)
Excuses aplenty
Making America Great Again is in Motion Now!!!
Share that with your friends in the Klan and Neo-Nazis
Omg says the anti Semite ugh
We don't want your disgusting thoughts
Hypocrite!
We don’t want your thoughts. Keep the toxicity to yourself.
You are as about appealing and compelling as a rotten pumpkin stuffed with whale shit.

Your thoughts should be with Puerto Rico. Millions need your help and u r failing them.  Failure to provide food & water is YOUR failure!
@evanimal44 did u laugh as hard as i did when u saw this pic
@momof24u U? That not in keeping with you as Grand wizard of the KKK, how funny u are
Well your thoughts certainly aren't with the people of Puerto Rico
jews have walls why cant we?
The time when the high priest enters the Holy of holies to atone for the sins of the people. Shalom and Blessed Day of Atonement. Yom Kippur
Pretty sure the Jews already know what you really think of them, but you keep trying.
@IAm_OSAII and you have the same weight
The kippah is added..fake sir! Fake!
As a Jew you can stick your thoughts up your arse. Gut Yom tov
Thought bubble over your head "This is a beautiful wall how can I get Israel to send it to the US? Oh and pay for it too?"
 he sits on the throne in Jerusalem. Proof your the Antichrist!
ICYMI: The holiest day of the Jewish year is Shabbat, not Yom Kippur.
Tell Putin to f off.
Hipócrita
Your thoughts are with what gets applause from your golf buddies
You should have filled that hole up ....nice hat son
And by with you, I mean I'll be with those very fine anti-semites who marched at #Cville. how about you just play nice in #PuertoRico
God Bless Israel and God Bless our @POTUS
grab em!
Thank you Mr. President.
You don't have to be Jewish to atone.
#FakeNews? More like #FakeYarmulke
Probs the first time he's heard of yom kippur
People are dying in Puerto Rico and you're accusing Democrats of telling their governor to be mean to you this is disgusting like you are!!!

#DayofAtonement #TribeOfJudah #FearYah  #FireAndBrimstone 
Which is why u had nazis in the White House & call the people marching with them in VA "very nice people", right? We see thru u, you fraud.
Except the fact u did not condemn bro-nazais you fraud
Wishing a beautiful Yom Kippur to all.
@realDonaldTrump My hope for this new year is that I find out that you becoming the president was only a nightmare or #fakenews
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #CombOverlord
you tweeted a meme quoting yourself (gouche in itself) and then put the same quote in the text of the tweet.
were you afraid you would forget what you wanted to say while typing your mind numbingly inane tweet? everyone knows youre a bigot.
you look so handsome in this pic! God worshiper will be winner for sure.
Is that your border wall?
هو اسمه العلوي - يقول هو العلوي- ماذا نفتري عليهم يا ترومب- ترامب  او نتبلى عليهم - هو العلوي - او ماذا يريد ان يكون - ينقلع يشتغل مثل الناس
You are honoring the enemy
Is every moment an opportunity for you?
But, o thought you were a racist?
So glad we have a President who is a true friend of Isreal and those of the Jewish faith!
Thank you mr prsident!!! Happy new year!! 
You support #facists, #Nazis, #KKK and other #AntiSemites. Keep your hypocritical thoughts to yourself.
But you're a Nazi.
Great
Religion is the root of all evil. From touching little kids to taking money to brainwashing ppl with complete nonsense fairytale BS
#DotardTrump you're a petulant child in an old man's body
Why are you wearing a yamakah?
Thanks Mr President . We appreciate your continued support.
You suck Mr President
When the Nazis were marching in Charlottesville where were your thoughts? With the Jews around the world, or with those good White Nazis?
Thanks but NO THANKS.  HELP PUERTO RICO
You're doing it wrong.  The right arm is held straight and at a 45 degree angle. This accompanied by Seig Heil three times.  Did you forget?
A day of solemn reflection and repenting of sins. I imagine Princess and Jared might need more than 25 hours.
This  Jewish way of Confession is Wonderfull,meaningful and Holy
#MAGA YOU  WIN, FINALLY! YOU ARE THE MOST DISRESPECTED AMERICAN PRESIDENT EVER! THAT'S GOTTA MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD.
he craves attention, good or bad. He is keeping an eye on history with the same in mind. So sad, the suffering.

So in summary you love Christians, Jews, KKK and Neo-Nazis, while you hate Muslims?
They posted a yarmulke on your head. You're not mensch enough to actually wear one. Jews don't need your thoughts. Think about Puerto Rico!
Who knows where your thoughts really are though Don? #couldbethekkkorfunnylittlekittensonsurfboards #orcovfefe # quicknursebringthemeds

trump you a scandalous bitch!!!
You aren't even Jewish... trying to get in good with your Son in Law?
But white men carrying torches talking about taking back their country are "good" people.
Graphic design is my passion
So, who wrote this? You don’t mention yourself & your never-ending but hurt, so someone else had to.
No thank you.
Then move there... they could use you "deal making" genius, and you clearly are more concerned with them than Anerican Christian's.
If only Trump were capable of showing the same respect to all faiths and beliefs.
You are a Nazi...
#ImpeachTrump
A day of atonement.
You have no thoughts.  #1stAmendment
My president hugged the wall
I know you're not Jewish, but you might consider taking the opportunity to do some atoning.
Lol this guy's a joke
#FakeNews
Why does he say it like observing Yom Kippur is some kind of tragedy? Lmao what a dick
Attempting to pander to more for votes?
Go help Puerto Rico and apologize for your remarks. Sad.
#TrumpRussia
Your thoughts are with Donald Trump dont lie
LIE.  You supported Charlottesville Nazis chanting "Jews will not replace us" as "very fine people."
Wow! @realDonaldTrump took brown-nosing to a whole new level & the Jew controlled media still gives him horrendous press coverage.
PATHETIC!
You have a lot to atone for but your ego prevents you from seeing it. It's similar to how you can't see when pee gets in your eyes.
Maybe you should join the observance of Yom Kippur. You have much to atone for.  But for you, one day is not enough.
Keep those thoughts there. Anything that distracts from those toddler tantrums with Kim Jong- Un is a good thing
Trump, who is at his golf club in Bedminster,
Tov

one of the holiest days in Islam
Atone for what you've done to this nation.
The holiest day of my year would be if you stepped in front of a cement truck.  Will you become my messiah please?
You can't comprehend Yom Kippur with the mindset of a 3 year old! A toddler (YOU) doesn't understand life, or religion!
Yeah, how to fuck us over. Try being a better person instead of tweeting platitudes.
Thanks @POTUS you are the best !
Do you not realize that PEOPLE. ARE. DYING??? #StupidAsshole #Impeach45 #PuertoRico
Was that on UR mind when U called Nazis fine ppl? How about when U left Jews out of Holocaust Remembrance Day?
Why’d he add the quote of himself when he was just gonna day it in the tweet 
we all know Trump is jew no problem all religions are good
