Please let us know when will be interviewed by a mental health professional. Now THAT would be interesting!
I've seen no evidence of intelligence interfering with GOP politics.
then you're saying worse about the left. at least the right is in control. credit where due.
Yeah, if you want to call this being in control, I suppose.
And We The People, certainly don't want you interfering with the Judiciary. This is not Russia, but the USA.
this makes no sense and neither is mutually exclusive
well in your case Mr.Trump there is defo, no danger of that, lol !
@MarianneHofer @FoxNews that's how you get global warming.
No worries, Donnie, you have no intelligence. Sad!
fire Gorsuch now

#bringDOMAback and #repealgaymarriage #intelligence
HEY HEY DIDDLE DIDDLE
THEY MUST GO HAND IN HAND SEAMLESSLY
ITS NOT A ONE MAN AMERICA
OMG PREZ
FOCUS
hey my Christian friend . me beings Christian less Opurtunity in India . at lodha to09820902408
It certain appears so far that this is not an issue. I have yet to hear @realDonaldTrump speak with any level of intelligence.
; 
Please be more articulate, I for one do want intelligence influencing politics which is currently not the case!
yeah you obviously don't rant to be anywhere near intelligence of any way
New tax rates in the middle 25% bracket must be reconsidered for a reduction. My friend Silvia is upset!
there's nothing intelligent about your politics.
Intelligence has really never been an issue for you Donald and it never will be. After all you know the best words
You enemy is not external(Russia) but watch out the enemy "within". That's your greatest threat..
I guess starting Jan 20 we won't have any intelligence in politics any more.
Good news! So far there has been zero signs of "intelligence" in your "politics" so you can rest easy!
29/5000
You're a politician of crap.
You are right!! There is no intelligence in your politics
good thing we don't want intelligence!  You totally fit the bill!
oh, you mean like Hitlery!? she's a joke!
intelligence has gone out the window the moment you were elected

When it comes to you, trump, there is no chance intelligence will affect anything.
Little chance of intelligence interfering with politics after the 20th.
Not a good pick up line... OF COURSE it should! Intelligence is the one thing that should influence politics!
grow up. You don't represent America.
Welcome to Trumps World. We're going from no scandal to a WH full of scandals & lies
Correct. They should be well away from Politicians and politics. That's the right thing to do. #MAGA.
Politics and intelligence in the same sentence is an oxymoron.....
You're such a liar!  You support ANYTHING that supports YOU!  You're the worst!
amazing how the intelligence dept  has been politicized by Obama  go drain em
Shouldn't be an issue.  No evidence of anything approximating intelligence in politics today.
. Recuerde que tienen de todo pero no lo saben del todo y en la agricultura esta fregando
Drain the Swamp Mr President!
Isn't HRC acceptance of foreign donations a method of foreign influence on elections?? 
@FoxNew s http://9.click 
maybe you should listen to yourself. you will be the first to anipulate both
Well, we  don't have to worry much about the intelligence on your part, do we?
did intelligence manipulate the election ie Comey. Only wrong when it's against you #narcissisticinjury
Not to worry. I for one have never connected the words "Donald Trump" and "intelligence."
No risk of that
Well, we sure don't think your intelligence will interfere. The LACK of it however, may kill us all.
you don't have to worry about intelligence being mixed with your politics
CNN and NBC should never be allowed to hold the debates in the future. Rush should help in all debates
#FuckYouTrump
except when it is to your advantage hypocrite
Exactly. #MAGA
Intel make their own politics, they lie to get the Gov to do their bidding Iraq WMD is the perfect example
did you read this it says a vary funny thing. And no you don't want to mix intelligence and politics
""We certainly don’t want intelligence interfering with politics" apparently not a chance..
Bahaaaa we don't have to worry about mixing intelligence into your political views now do we?
And many people do not want you anywhere near the White House, what are your qualifications again???   So sad!!!
DRAIN THE SWAMP
we have no intelligenc with the perv
I don't see intelligence  interfering in your politics. No danger there. #NOTOURPRESIDENT
Also I don't want ANY politics interfering w/my very successful @advocatehealth career!! I can relate 2 #fakenews
intelligence is too much work
good one couldn't have said better myself Go Donald
You are RIGHT of course!  

Sir, IF possible(?) try to mend fences with, "drive by media" as Rush calls them.  :)
. Not to worry, there isn't any intelligence in your politics!
I WANT TO SEE YOUR TAXES AND YOU IMPEACHED AND OUT OF THE WH
lol. No worries Donald u r proof: intelligence doesn't need to "interfere" with politics
You think u r God - u will need FBI, CIA and everybody if and when u become President, you fool!
And there is certainly NO intelligence interfering so far with this campaign!!
you and intelligence will never be mistaken for each other !
Oh don't worry, there's no chance of intelligence interfering with this guy's politics.
You mean "intelligence" as in "I'm a smart guy," right? Because I don't think your intelligence is an influence.
God knows you aren't bringing any intelligence to politics.
important point
no chance of "intelligence" interfering with your politics.
we certainly don't want a twitter bug for a President
Seriously?  Unless it benefits u?
.  Sir, there is very little doubt any intelligence will be involved in your politics at all!Never crossed my mind.
No chance of intelligence entering into anything, as long as you are in power.
Talk about #fakenews...
It's clear intelligence in politics is about to be replaced, no worries about intelligent politicians now.
No fear of intelligence with you, Trump.
#trumpispainfullystupid
Your being elected PROVES intelligence has NOTHING to do with politics.
your "news conference a joke- rude abomination /disrespectful to journalist
I would prefer you not interfere with America.
what you want hahaha
I don't think there's much chance of intelligence interfering with US politics now, do you?
Seriously? Did you read what you wrote? In your case, intelligence and politics are not connected at all.
IMPEACHMENT!
As long as you're in office we don't need to worry about intelligence in politics. #ORANGEMENACE
"We certainly don't want intelligence interfering with politics." Quite right. Intelligence has no place there...
absolutely awesome
really then why pay Comey to throw election to you?
..with Trump there's little risk of intelligence interfering
perhaps we should revamp the adjective "intelligence" to "propaganda?" with agency.
Of course you people dont want intelligence getting in your way....#SpecialKindOfStupids
but russian intel helped him win the election
truly nothing for the bimbo to worry about intelligence has absolutely nothing to do with trump 'policies'
no fear of intelligence interfering with your politics.
it is a major concern that why It is valuable statement !
thats true why would you want intelligence. 
it's ok. You don't need to worry about lack of intelligence in politics soon!
THERE'S CERTAINLY NO INTELLIGENCE IN THE TRUMP CAMP. NO WORRIES THERE!
many voting machines are not on Internet and impossible 2B hacked by Russia to throw election
No voting machines are online!
Well you're certainly making sure there's a lack of intelligence in the Oval Office. Trickle down dumb-fuckery.
and we all know that you're not intelligent!
we certainly won't have intelligence interfering with the next 4 yrs of you in the White House. You have none.
Oh now you don't want it. Liar, you used it to the hilt. Who are you kidding?
this one's  to easy.
Yeah, I bet you don't want intelligence interfering with politics.  You have so much to hide.
we a know you guys don't want this, you've done to much crap and now your busted.
Definitely don't want intelligence affecting politics in any way.
.@realDonaldTrump #win I think it's plain to see that you've never let any glimmer of intelligence interfere with your 'political' views.
If you haven't already, I think you should seriously learn from a comic about how to recognize a straight line.
becareful#of3letters screwwith intelagencies ..you get what is coming ahead
any idea how unintelligent this sounds?
Clearly intelligence and politics have nothing to do with each other anymore... 
in your case, there's little chance that you will interfere with intelligence, u are too many light years  away 
my god why do you suck so much cock? You're just a bag of dicks I hate looking at your scrotum face you're disgusting piece
clearly you despise "intelligence."
Don't worry. There is no hint of intelligence behind your squinting eyes or in your superior smirk.
Look who is about to be President,no intelligence at all.
Why the fuck wouldn't we want intelligence interfering with politics?? I prefer to be educated on my politics, ty
between you and @FoxNews, there's no worry of intelligence interfering with anything.
I doubt that intelligence ever played a part in any of your decisions.
When it comes to you we never have to worry about intelligence being used at all.
No fear of intelligence interfering with politics when you take office.
lol. Sure  no intelligence to run a country. That sounds really Super Smart. Running a country is not politics
intelligence is over rated and by that logic so are resumes and school, so why not eliminate the school #notsensible
When you were down in polls the system was rigged, now that you're in and there is trouble afoot it's the media.
One of those "funny but sad because it's true" statements.
And if there's one area in which we can trust your politics, it's to make sure they contain no intelligence.
keep it upright. Doing great
well then why don't you give Fox News one of your infamous BLOWJOBS
God forbid intelligence and politics go hand in hand.
send her to pakistan
no worry about that in the next 4 years
yall just keep attacking Trump have at it but nothing you say or do changes the fact hes going to be the President
WRONG.  WE DO MED IT WITH YOU IN OFFICE!
with you in office there's no need to worry about intelligence, you have none. Nobody likes you do you understand
we don't want you either DONALD. I will NEVER address you as my President. You are DONALD
well, no chance of that anymore ...
Of course intelligence should not interfere with politics/only stupid people and news sites allowed at FoxNews
OH REALLY!  YOU WOULDN'T HAVE PEED A DROP  IN THE ELECTION W/O INTEL INTERFERING. RE COMEY, ASSANGE, RASPUTIN!
we don't want you!!!!!!!
no worries tRump, it's clear that there is no  intelligence in you, your cabinet or your inner circle.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.nydailynews.com/amp/news/national/russia-compromising-information-trump-report-article-1.2943045?client=safari …
Trump says "I surely don't want INTELLIGENCE to continue 2 find out about my criminal past"
@BarackObama had 8 yrs to provoke + vilify #Putin, but waits until you`re about to take office = Dirty politics? @FoxNews
Don't worry, intelligence won't interfere while you're in office.
NO coincidence that this ROT about #Putin & U is happening while @NATO sails its fleet into the Black Sea = BAD   @FoxNews
Oh, certainly don't want your need for Russia to bail your failed life in biz out mixed w/politics-'twas so close!
Boyscout, it's getting all mixed up now. Thuggy behavior your entire life. Your shio is sinkiiiiinnnnnggggg.
https://youtu.be/cjPfljy0BzQ 
these r not the words of a statesman. Words of a man with hate in is heart.
hello report the intelligence to the white House then you and your cabinet decide
You are finished. You just don't know it yet. CNN and Intel outed what the Russians have on you, today.
replace top brass idiots.  They say someone said someone did something.  Courts laugh at hearsay.
No fucking way that intelligence is going to interfere with politics as long as you are president.
