POTUS You promised NoAmnesty ! terminate DACA deport them their illegals! Hope U still the man we elected &not a politician
Want the list of things you haven't done that you said you would...... the Great Negotiator? 
Your Muslim- uhm sorry TRAVEL- Ban was just an Executive Order like #DACA . When will you "legalize" that one? Or are your EOs more valid?
send them all home
Texas devastated, Florida worried about Irma, fires raging and you are focused on deporting children and young adults brought or sent here.
You, Sir, are NOT making America great. Persisting on this issue while America burns and floods is reprehensible. Are you really heartless?
He blatantly is that heartless. He has no heart or soul. He is not even human; just a thing. A thing of hate, anger, rage, greed & jealousy.
seems like you sir r "a thing of hate,anger,rage,greed&jealousy".I wouldnt expect someone like u to acknowledge the hypocrisy in your tweet.
Firstly, I'm not a "sir." Secondly, I am very aware of hypocrisy, yet I find it hilarious how most repubs are blind in that department....
Liberals are nothing but fools! We mock you & belittle you but mostly we pity you! No American should be slave to anyone but you are to CNN!
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the GOP Congress refused to do). If they can't, I will ignore it later! *Fixed
Kind of looks like you are giving w/o getting...what's up?
Please don't legalize it! End it! Find a settlement with the ones thus far and stop! And no more anchor babies! One parent  a citizen only !
No one did nothing until Obama.  Reagan in the 80s gave the last amnesty. This was a step somewhere.  
I'm sure they're not going to be deported. The law was illegal. Just need Congress to do their job. Stop the hate!
I don't hate making Congress make the call. What say you @Robinsonpost @Brettnext?
I don't hate the idea of congress doing their job either, but Trump's tweet makes no sense.
I'm not a fan of DACA being repealed either but his tweet makes sense to me. I like that in this instance he's calling for legal legislation
1/ Congress has six months to do something Obama couldn't. Obama wasn't in congress!
2/ He wants to blame Obama for legislative falures, and blame current congress for his failures. Can't have it both ways.
Matthew Actually he can Obama is a sponsorable for everything #God can help you to know the truth
No pic, random numbers, nonsense reply: I have to assume this account is a twitterbot.  Quick, what color is the green grass?
Matthew you need a lot of help
It's neat how the president who has failed to shepherd a single major policy initiative is talking smack to the previous administration
Guess it's never too early to celebrate a victory, right?
But the question is, why wasn't the Obama administration able to pass DACA legislation?
Might it have had something to do with the party that now controls the House and the Senate being unwilling to do anything?
And if so, why should anyone believe they'll change now?
We the CITIZENS of this United States HAVEN'T CHANGED. We DEMAND NO MORE AMNESTIES. We will never forget 1986. NO #DreamAct
Pam?Was that you I saw picking peaches,oranges,cabbage?No?I thought not.Too menial for you.BTW who is going to do those jobs?US kids?Dreamer
When we DEPORT the ILLEGALS watch them be easily replaced. I can't wait to prove the Anti-American Bigots wrong. NO #DreamAct
Trump rescinds #DACA

800,000 young adults + kids at risk of deportation

Can't "revisit" racism
800,000 all need to be vetted properly.
Deporting them will not lower unemployment or save anyone’s taxes or raise wages. This is a purely counter-productive & heartless move.
These kids were brought here by their parents & they grew up as Americans, contribute to the economy & their society.
They have done more for America than many Americans. They should be welcomed, not deported.
Ultimately it's about whether America is a nation that kicks out young, hardworking people or accepts them as their own.
Trump's action is contrary to human decency, common sense and the American spirit.
@anirvanghosh - you MUST be on drugs. All of those kids can apply for citizenship if they want to stay. That's the LEGAL thing to do.
If you believe that these DACA kids can go and apply for citizenship and that's the solution to this problem then maybe you're on drugs
He's literally informing you that DACA kids can stay if they use legal channels and you're literally putting your fingers in your ears.
Ur funny
Excuse me DACA unconstitutional on its face Supremes will state so
Your a smart man so why leave it up to Congress? You come up with a plan that works for all

Secretary Napolitano Announces Deferred Action Process for Young People Who Are Low Enforcement Priorities  https://www.dhs.gov/news/2012/06/15/secretary-napolitano-announces-deferred-action-process-young-people-who-are-low …
Why wasn't Obama able to do it?  Why did he have to use executive order?  Give Jack his jacket.
DACA shd not be legalized bc this ILLEGAL entry of children here will never end. End it ASAP but those here now shd work for legal status
They better! They are supposed to help our president...not keep screwing things up!
Your approach is inhumane. #DreamersMakeAmericaGreat
is erasing, then stealing Obama policies out of petty jealousy, say it failed, then do a version to slap his name on it.
It's hard to see just where you stand
villainous, nefarious, vicious, malicious; malevolent, sinister, demonic, devilish, diabolical, fiendish, dark; monstrous, despicable,
He's YOUR President as much as mine.  I voted for Obama twice.  I voted for Trump & I will vote for him again.
GO CONGRESS!!! 
You aren't revisiting shit. We won't let you tear us apart. You'll be long gone before the six months are up. 
#DACAworks
Not very PRO-LIFE of you
No more amnesties without fully funded border wall! Taxpayers are sick of getting the shaft! And no more welfare for illegals or immigrants.
Please don't give them legal status without blocking family migration!
The worst thing the United States ever did was elect you!!!!!
Does this mean you'll do the same thing that Obama did that you criticized him for doing that you just undid? Such a confusing statement.
now this is the constitutional as well as moral solution, #DACA was illegal and temporary because it had no congressional approval
-- So Proud of You!!!!
Your tweet makes no sense, in keeping with all of your forms of communication.  Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing
.Dreamers whose permits expire before March 5 now must renew their applications before OCTOBER 5 or risk deportation while Congress debates.

this is stupid ! You know how many Americans are in prison right now for murder or massive shootings?
That's because there are a lot more of them. Also this very sentence infers that they are different to Americans, not Americans.
You are so jealous of Obama, you can't do anything workout bringing up his name. You hate smart people of color. Shame on you Mr INSTIGATOR
Wall before any talk on amnesty.
If, as your AG says, DACA is unconstitutional, how can you do anything if Congress doesnt act?
Trump is a despicable man....quit trying to compare to Obama,  he will never be as good as Obama....
Dude u could have stayed in ur private life continued ur illegal shits stealing people's money and declare bankruptcy  and get away with ...
Instead u let ur ego get the best of u and u believed u could run the US like it was the Trump organisation now ur gonna have 2 run the big
No Daca crime is up with illegals , millions of Daca votes will change this country  to permanently look left
I know you have a bigger deal in mind and I pray you are not caving to the ones who spew hate about you! I think you should had Xd DACA !
So, what you're saying is you just want @BarackObama name off the order but will then replace it with yours? #TrumpleThinSkin #TrumpFail
I didn't notice the word, "deportation," the only legal solution to illegal immigration. Why?
I will bet if you could and would eliminate congress and their staff from having a different medical opt then the ACA they would act fast
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @seanhannity Any compromise MUST move the country to the right. Historically these have moved us to the left. #MAGA
The REAL collusion is w/your buddies pelosi & schumer colluding on budget,  DACA & illegal immigration, too?
you need to step up deportation to 100,00 a month at least an it can be done.
This is how it is becoming under Trumpler administration!
Hiiiiiiiii! Remember this??
MAGA DOES not include DACA;  NO amnesty;  allow them to self-deport and to apply for a visa
America is already great and Trump is making America worse.
I do not really see that he is making it worse; how do you see that he is?
una cosa se verificata sono felice per vite salvate
I due purificatori uno può aiutare contro tumori
Se verificate mie idee
A promise is a promise! Do otherwise and you're a 1 term President.
We're hoping by then that you'll be out of the WH. Either impeached, or by resigning like the coward you are.
THAT'S what we pray for.
Mr donald trump why killing burma Muslim people who is the trerarest you don't see Muslim not terarest you understand.
WHY?!?! Just get rid of the E.O.! It is UNFAIR to citizens that don't get the benefits that DACA kids do, like in-state tuition.
Get her done Mr. President. If the Republican Congress will not help you then you must make a deal with the devil.
Hey
Can you, for ONE DAY not criticize former President Barack Obama? That's ALL you do.. Maybe DO YOUR JOB !! or RESIGN..
Hopefully your out of office by then
DACA "kids" are not kids as you know. There is nothing "compassionate" about that program! It codifies an unconstitutional action by Obama
You got that right!
You're doing what's right! They were put here to learn a vocation and take it back to there country, not stay indefinitely. APPLY TO STAY!!!
You were our only hope for doing the right thing now having not stopped DACAt we again are in the same place we were with Obama!!!!
And do what exactly what President Obama did!  You misses an opportunity to be a moral President and do something right you're a politician
What a wiener!
I get stuck in my private activity if anyone in the world have kind enough to support me!!! Please help, God bless you!
Please get Vetting done on those 800,000
https://video.gq.com/watch/the-closer-with-keith-olbermann-trump-s-daca-decision-is-a-grim-turning-point …
Don't do it Mr President!!  Get illegals out of here and show we stand for America first.
DACA's didn't apply for citizenship cuz they do not want to be accountable to the government. DACA's want free benefits, no accountability.
de·ranged:
dēˈrānjd,dəˈrānjd/

adjective

mad; insane.

"a deranged gunman"

synonyms:insane, mad, disturbed, unbalanced, unhinged, unstable, irrational;
What happened to your campaign promise to ship illegals back? Why are u legalizing DACA???
Shame on you, Mr. Trump...
You're a NY dealmaker. You made a debt relief deal w/o Republicans and you can do the same signing a DACA law, something Pres Obama couldn't
Are you all sure this is the official Twitter account of President Trump? I think it been long hijacked before he became the president.
WE HAVE BEEN DEMANDING FOR 11 YEARS THAT CONGRESS AND WHITE HOUSE SEND ILLEGAL ALIENS BACK HOME TO WORK THEIR OWN INHERITANCE
STOP ROBBING
You can just never get over Obama!!  You are so infatuated with him...are you secretly in love with him?  Nothing wrong, just admit it. 
You keep conflating the legislative and executive branches. Do you not know the difference?
Only if there was another country where young US Citizens can go get free services, a job out of college; paid by taxpayers & soc sec funds.
No pathway to citizenship. Legalization only or deport. There has no be a penalty. No citizenship.
Deport ALL illegal aliens.
Shut up and just do the right thing. Stop hurting innocent people.  you have made HATE GREAT again.
You fool no one because you have always been a racist who hates all who are not white. That is the way you were raised and lived your life.
I hope this is first step 4 Congress 2 work together.It's up to you Mr Pres to unite Congress and force them to work together. Brilliant
He's said he wants bipartisan attention on all issues. Dems just can't get past obstruct & resist propaganda. Reelection or honest effort?!
Keep the Dreamers and send Melania back.  There seems to be some question as to whether she is here legally...sound familiar?
We all know Congress can do it in a month if they wanted. The question is, will the Swamp monster filled Congress do it? #CleanCongress2018
drain the swamp now Mr Trump.There is to much at stake to sit on your hands for another second.There is a laundry list now.
DO THAT !!! SEND THEM ALL HOME !! ITS JUST ANOTHER NAME FOR ILLEGAL ALIEN. WE HAVE 30/40 MILLION ILLEGALS IN OUR COUNTRY &THEY NEED TO GO!
Do what? Trump is demanding that Congress make DACA legal.
#MAGA = #MakeAmnestyGrowAgain
#NeverTrump #ToldYaSO
Trump granted amnesty to 125k illegals using Obama’s unconstitutional order https://shar.es/1Vq0uw 
#Deplorable #MAGA #Tools
#DonThecon
Perfection. Uphold the constitution and let Congress do it's intended job of legislating. Let's see if Congress can get at least 1 task done
Good, because it's a HUGE mistake that will cost you beaucoup points in popularity polls.
Ok Bevis
You don't have a club how to solve or address anything. You are a good lier that's all.
There was 11 states going to sue, DECA is unconstitutional, they would have won. DECA would have been done. Trump did them a favor.
Oh Donny. Try as you might you'll never ever be half the president, or half the man that Obama was and is. You'll never measure up 2 him.
I would like to know how many of these illegal aliens in the last 10 years  have actually filed for citizenship.
I hope by revisit you are talking about deportation!
I trust you,Mr Presidente will do the best for USA!
Just do your work sir don't talk about previous government ..we all know you working  hard ..
It is pretty simple.If the illegal aliens/aka dreamers do not try to become legal within 6 months deport them.
But if they can't even enter the country legally, why should we give them a chance? If they just went through the proper process, it'dbefine
Having more people in a country make more money. And USA have done it for years.Trump will change that by chasing away everyone bu themselve
No easy path to citizenship earn it study on line or course in Night school then go to a center for testing much like drivers license pass !
Trump to Congress: Pass DACA!

But Congress can't do amnesty without Wall / at least part of RAISE Act

=100D Chess

Let's see if I am right
God bless president Trump
I'm sure Twitter will delete this but.... #No Amnesty #TheDreamIsDead
Good job, Mr. President!!!
Just remember who brought you to the dance!!!
lets see if they do their JOB, Sir. Unfortunately they don't have a good track record of knowing the meaning of WORK.
Revisit the issue? That should make everyone feel better - not.
Usted Donald Trump está siendo mal informado, los dacas destruiran su Presidencia y usted no será reelecto presidente y el verdadero pueblo americano lo odiara y despreciará a usted como desprecian a los cuatro Jinetes del Apocalipsis  BUSH Clinton Bush Obama
we dont need it get rid of them there criminals period do your damn job!!!!!!!
Are you kidding? I voted for you to end it period. Good luck in 18 and 20 not!
Sorry to say, but THIS is what you voted for.
#MAGA = #MakeAmnestyGrowAgain
#ObamaWhite 
#NeverTrump #ToldYaSO
Trump granted amnesty to 125k illegals using Obama’s unconstitutional order https://shar.es/1Vq0uw 
#Deplorable #MAGA #Tools
#DonThecon
You want to help them expedite the LEGAL process for dreamers, complete w/ FULL background checks that's fine. Give amnesty & i'm done w/ u
Actually the Congress led by @SenateMajLdr didn't do a thing. Since he personally said he'd make Obama a 1 term President.
Why dont the immigrant s file for citzenship. And the DACA will be doing its job.
Shame on the DACA parents for not going through the process of citizenship in 2012. Trump is not heartless but following the law. Obama
The Obama admin accomplished nothing more than bring America and Americans to their knees! Time to RISE AGAIN!
#NoDACA #NoAmnesty #FastTrack #LegalImmigration #Assimilate
Dreamers mimic Black Lives Matter. They don't love this country. They attack it. They only love the money they make here. Send them home.
If you allow the Congress to tie legalizing DACA's to a 'must pass' piece of legislation, you have lost an ardent supporter.
It may not be able to be legalized, thats why they can't legalize it, and no Mexico wants to send aid for flood victims, no, send money
to take care of your children, do not play mind games mexico,  has US looking real bad while they won't take care of their own kids that's a
mind game for you, they will send aide to the hurricane victims but will not to send aid to take care of their children tha's  bullshit,
on levels I can't understand, they sent almost tears across the border they did it , didn't say one time we will send aid for those children
We have a hurricane and they trying to send aid all over, then stop allowing their parents to come here in legal leaving their kids
Behind coming across the border illegally trying to find their parents here in the states it illegal who have created whole new families!
Legalizing DACA simply means more Democrat voters who don't really care about American values.
Well @realDonaldTrump it appears the Trump administration is also unable to legalize #DACA, no?
Because of the racist congress just like you
Donny, this is way too literate. Sentences with clause and punctuation. Who is writing these for you today?
Ptesident Trump; I am for you but this sounds like amnesty; I do not feel sorry for those illegals in DACA; ; deport them
We all know (Americans aren't stupid) that this is another thing on your Obama list to get rid of.  BTW waiting for an apology for wire tap.

do their job
congress has 6 months to go against our immigration laws??   Why not go back come in the legal way! And Ryan needs to go!!
Put congress in a box to actually do something; beat them at their own game; they're livid.....I love it...!!
They pay taxes. They pay money to renew. They have no criminal record. They were raised as Americans. They help the economy.  1/2
That is not true. They have the opportunity to become legal citizens yet refuse. Instead choose to live off our tax dollars.
What about the border wall?

We have starving and homeless Americans on the streets that can't get help because they are not a refugee or illegal. American people first
Hopefully Republicans will take this opportunity to show compassion for these ppl and provide a solution and expose the Dems empty promises
Obama had it right.   You are wrong.
Let's stop illegal immigration find a way to citizenship for the now here dreamers no more anchor babies and stop the riots
Ok you got it going, keep it up. Regards Jason
Blood on YOUR hands if even one Dreamer commits suicide due to your hideous betrayal of their trust.
Time to revisit this issue Mr. President
I think 45 must mean Obama-era CONGRESS couldn't pass DACA law.  That's why his EO.  Another example of 45's history revision
#ChingaTuMadre
