
Wtf are you resisting?? Lol. The renewal of EVER having the chance at a @TheDemocrats president agian?? Lol
North Korea is a sovereign country, China has no way to understand china!
If we have any allies left.
@j_winah @simonnutter_
I have great confidence you are a bottom
Kushner is a dangerous liberal Democrat contacting ur worest enemies. Please warn him.
Your a great president thank you again
Arrogance again (as usual) expecting that your allies agree with you.  Don't think you can drag other countries in to join your stupidity.
That sounds like a China First policy.
Damn, In my office pool I had week 20 into ur presidency before you started a war! 
with 
you in office do we have any allies left?
YES President you are moving into right direction ,day by day showing strength, one more issue tell Iran remain in your limit
No you won't. Stop posing .
With its allies now? Changed your tune
Idiot
Perhaps the Cliff Notes: China & N. Korea?
Sorry BUT FUCK ME YOU ARE KIDDING
Watch your fanatical supporters attack me because of my name and perceived religion or ethnicity. Every time.
Attack you becoz you attack trump..libturd...death to islam..the world has woke up and you muslim will never take over America
Twitter is not an appropriate forum for diplomacy. If you're in talks with PRC just tell us and stop posing for your fans. This isn't TV
It's not a defense, if you throw the first bomb. It's an aggression. Stop it now.
Bombing other nations will never make your father love you.
I don't want my tax dollars going to dick measuring contests...help our citizens and stop wasting money on starting fights overseas.
I don't think so.
Can't we just send @dennisrodman there with some #pepsi ?!?
USA 🖒 #MAGA
he lost it - U.S.A.
You having "great confidence" in ANYTHING tells me EXACTLY what's going on. Your confidence means SO MUCH to the American people that we >
America should laugh at threats from Iran!

"But Iran connection with ISIS still dangerous!"
The wahhabi cultist still spewing hatred and death?
Please stop w/ the bravado.  Not becoming of being POTUS. This is not a golf game at Mar A Largo.
Make love not war mr president
But you won't @ them tho.
If China does not deal with North Korea, send your kids first to fight the war. Since you took 5 deferments.  Sore heels. You are sickening.
I have 7 brothers, 5 served,  Army, Navy, marine and Air Force. Nothing from the T's
Thank them all, we are going on our 4th generation of service in our "family business" they all bleed AF Blue. Most lifers.
I am really sincere when I 'thank them.' They go thru a lot. If I lived close to a wife of a service man, I would help in any way. Babysit??
That is big, because so much pressure especially when mil member deployed.

how are you verified sir
She's not a "sir". She's written books and articles, which tends to lead to someone being verified.
oh yeah she has written books I believe? she must be very intelligent you know
What books did you write?
I havent written any books mam, neither have I dedicated my entire twitter account to blast trump in each and every one of his tweets
[S]
Reality??
[S]
That was very quick.
Anything else ?
[S]
[S]
[S]
Do you actually get paid to do this? If so, who is paying? The Association for the blind? Childish adult life.
You said this already yesterday Donald.  https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/851767718248361986 … The pressure of the job getting to you?
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
He added the part about our allies. Apparently we will play with friends now
Exactly and who says our allies are willing to help
Literally no one
Didn't he say something about wanting to pull out of the U.N?
He has said a bazillion nonsensical things, which is part of the frustration. There's no clear reasoning or messaging for any of it.
Is it the same level of confidence that you had in your former National Security Advisor?
Is it the same level of confidence that you had in getting #TrumpCare passed?

Honey don't waist your time they know he is wrong, but like good dumb asses they are, will never accept it
So happy a republican with balls is in office... #nomoreweakpresidents
...Afghanistan,Pakistan,Iraq... yet at no point in history have we had such little respect from our allies.Yet big guys get away with murder
The USA does not have great confidence in you!
Go and pray for these nations and ours for peace and kindness. God said to love thy neighbor.
# trump has alienated all of our allies which the US values 1 Million % over trump. Trump is worthless! @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics
You realize they view you a weak leader, which you are.  Drop all the bombs you want.  You are a fake POTUS
you mean the allies you pissed off.
Prepare more body bag for US FORCE if you want to start a confrontation with North Korea, World without US will be much peace
Do you ever shut up???
@Trump_time DEAR Mr. President, N. Korea is a threat to the world including the U.S., S. Korea, Japan  & Israel!!!
Summers Eve
WRONG bully
are you going to war ..WTF
If 18 year olds and up have to be drafted i will fight for my country. Though hopefully it wont come to that. Man that makes me nervous.
Oh, aren't you the big bully?! NK missles cannot reach USA, so you are trying to start a war you know you can watch from afar & then attack
You're going to burn the world for ratings? You're the worst kind of clown, the one with a gun. Worst. President. Ever.
You really do talk like a Jr high girl.  USA. Yea ME. I want a war. A BIGLY war. Put my name on missles and tanks. In gold.
one scene d aleins r all over & d military leader says I quote:" Nuke d b**!!" I thought I'll tweet that scene from d movie #IndependenceDay
Unfortunately, no one has confidence in YOU. Go away. Right away.
Leftists Are LOSERS!
@POTUS great job brink of nuke war, lead ammo that kills raptors, pesticides that give children brain damage. Your parents must be proud
The only reason the UK would help in this us because our great leader has her head stuck up your arse.  UK public despises you...
this is not a real estate deal. Do you get that?
You have GREAT CONFIDENCE China will PROBABLY do something? Obviously you dont have great confidence or you dont know what probably means.
No YOU because YOU have insulted ALL of our allies. This ones on you loser.
Yea, that does not seem to be working....Naptime!
@POTUS , we don't have any allies, thanks to you. @SenateGOP -can you see we're hated and mocked around the world? #impeach watch @CNN more
Please stay away from the codes
Definition of 'immature & promoted beyond their competency'?:
President trying to start a USA chant at the end of a diplomatic tweet
Donald, you are a total dick! NATO members don't pay their way, now that you're in too deep you need them?? 
人才
Yeo Dude ... When are you going to declare tax returns.  You need to stop diverting attentions.!
Do we have any allies left? Seems you've pissed off the entire world.
Do we have any allies left since you insulted them all?
What are you going to do about your mantits?
100% with ya
You are trying to start a War ! Stop It Mr.Big Shot Big Mouth ..In less then 100 days you start a war
North Korea will destroy America
The US government is spreading terrorism and all US interventions in any country will create a problem
You sir, are a maniac- who needs to be removed from office!!
@realDonaldTrump Trumpy has no plan, no resolve, the weakest president we've ever had.
Someone must take the nukes away from this man-baby!
Yeah, cause u will give him everything he wants, just like ur first deal as POTUS with carrier. 7 mill for a few folks to build the robots.
USA is good at starting a war but does not know how and where to end. Bad finishers.
Do that without sending me and my little mixed cheeks to war please
You and Kim Jung Un should battle it out mano a mano wearing big white diapers. That would leave everyone else safe.
Stop rising a war it won't solve anything and too many will be harm in doing so
what allies? Russia?
War is not something to be flippant about. Ignorant!
So here comes a war in Korea？
President Trump let's have a military display parade maybe at white sands or somewhere that big to display our military!
If we get nuked by North Korea before the next Star Wars movie comes out, I’m going to be really upset.
What allies?
That is if we still have any allies.  Haven't you pissed them all off yet?
AND NOW WHAT ? Will you volunteer your childrenfight for their country? I don`t think so... and why should anyone else ?
As a Chinese, I am honestly not that confident as you are, Mr. President. However, that is indeed an issue that we must deal with.
Please elaborate. Use multiple tweets if necessary. Or maybe an actual position paper.
You talk alot if SHIT ON TWITTER BUT WHEN YOU HAD XI IN FRONT OF YOU SAID NOT ONE THING ,LYING WONALD TRUMPO !!
Stop this senseless prodding of North Korea. You are playing with fire and human life is at stake #resign
اح يصكك اخو شبل من اشبال اخو هدلة .. الف واحد ب ايفانكا و واحد بمرتك الايچه
yes you will!
Whip out your dick, Donnie. That'll show em. #tinyhands
I have great confidence that you will bring on WWIII with your hubris and ignorance
Why are you fighting North Korea? Don't spend my money on that. You need to get rid of our nukes to set the example
Only America first. We won't have any allies shortly
@Trump_World AND WHAT EXACTLY IS THAT DONNY?
Will we ever live in a world where the USA isn't trying to police anyone?
Mr.president.I,am your fans who believe you are an approachable man ,I made a bet with my friends that you can reply this twtter ,do you?
North Korea is not going away easy
You can't even deal with Congress. How will you "deal with" North Korea? Stop making us less safe.
Wow, that must be some great shit you are smoking. Got any going spare? my life is in the shitter like your toupee, need a little boost.
So how is that going so far?
oh, so now it is with its allies!.....a change in tune!
Except our allies can't stand you and don't trust you
I have great confidence you're going to be impeached.
You're such a fraud. I can't wait for you to be dragged out of white house in cuffs.
don't count Australia as one of your 'allies' - those days are way gone, buddy
Hhhhhh
Your kissing their butts now. Realized you needed them. They know you are a two faced liar. We can't when without help, dumb posterior...
I'm surprised we have any allies with a nut case like you frying to run our show. Disgusting.
You are taking us back to a time of hate and distrust and I for one wouldn't vote for anything that you stand for Money monger
so now you need China and your allies to help you wipe out the mess you did? Shame on you! Xi & Kim is laughing at you now!
You really should stop running off that mouth of yours, before you get us a killed. Also, you should stop killing people.
Dude please don't tweet this stuff. At all. Ever. Do not try to cyber bully NORTH KOREA. Their dictator is crazier than you!
Let the leader of the free world lead. You know nothing.
Send in a Black Ops team to abduct Kim Jon Un and spank him live on Pay-Per-View. It will erase the National Debt.
You're on your own with this one, mate. You and Kim Jong are completely mental.

The missile issue in #NorthKorea #USA #China #Russia #THAAD #nuclear http://moderndiplomacy.eu/index.php?option=com_k2&view=item&id=2485%3Athe-missile-issue-in-north-korea&Itemid=135#.WPdwG4VSvvw.twitter …
Is not ur kids that you send to die that is why you're so fast to wage war with N Korea Another diversion fr Russia collusion investigation!
IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED; WE HAVE NO ALLIES WHEN IT COMES TO YOUR FOREIGN POLICIES.  RESIGN
Sane people don't want war. Trump, the neocons are using you as a willing puppet. Don't play their game. Remember 9/11.
You Sir are a lunatic! You need to hand the 'football' to a responsible adult & spend some time near a 'grassy knoll' before you kill us all
U.S.A., U.S.A!
Dear mister, I remind you that a Barrett .50 could turn that fat Asian clown into fertilizer from a mile away. What are you waiting for?
Just trying to negotiate. Diplomacy! Something Trump fails on. It's the "art of the deal." Our town idiot, Trump, for peace.
The world isn't about to become less dangerous. We could make America stronger again. A fraction of the money that we spent in Iraq could ..
All these years North Korea has acted like a viscious spoilt child & all we needed was a President with the balls to tell China to handle it
President Trump, you better stop this kind of a nuclear standoff with North Korea. We, the citizens of the world, do not need this!
Your kids won't serve huh? Tough talk from a coward.
At the pace you're on, won't be on until we have no allies!!
If you were in any way innocent, I'd categorize that statement as childlike.
Damn proud to be an American under you Mr. President. My dad was in the Marines and the Air Force and he would be proud too. Carry on!!
Good luck getting our "Allies" to fight for some idiot with no Military knowledge to his name. And no real cause.
And I'm sure your son will go to  war like ours will.
I feel like now it's them or us and it can't be us 
