My president is a distribution channel for wealthy white turd ball extremists & their fictional account of the world. How's your day going?
Murdoch is getting away with too much war mongering and Trump propaganda. Fortunately his viewers are poor, so his ad revenue is down.
Go back to bed grandpa.
And by terrorists he means their families
Idiot.
Watching TV this early?
Our President stands with Fox- a culture of sexual predators. Very telling! Shut down Faux News. #EricBolling #FridayFeeling #morningjoe
You sound jelous
Resign.
He is the best he doesn't have to resign your leaderoes


I couldn't resist a test run.
@realDonaldTrump

https://youtu.be/EpX5Md48R9s    #Thinkingaloud #becareful #youarewelcome #stop & #think #Politics #BreakingNews #LifeLessons 

GOOD kill them all
How about he just kill himself?
Don't you have security chiefs and staff for this sort of info? I really hope you didn't find out via FOX & friends.
Trumps twitter feed has turned into a Fox & Friends greatest hits account - 

This is what State run media looks like 
Yeah, Trump doesn't do that 

https://www.google.com/amp/www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4736408/amp/Trump-s-leaked-dinner-Fox-Sean-Hannity.html …
Ah the liberal daily mail vs Podesta's emails , but I'm sure they all do it. Fox is the only right leaning station.
You can pretend Trump doesn't talk to Fox, not only the Daily Mail report on it, Hannity confirms dinners, WH confirms Seth story awareness
Did you miss the bit where I admitted I'm sure they all do it. They have all traveled the same social circles together for years.
Sorry, I read sarcasm into that. Yes, but to this extent? The normally expected biased spin is now sometimes just false for promotion sake.
Which is why we need Killer bots!
Resign. It's the closest thing you have to an honorable option, Sputnik.
#TrumpRussia
#impeachTrump
latest BULLSHIT from..., (August 11, 2017; 6:28 EDT) #FOXnews #FAIL

Not going to distract us
Are you a paid spokesman for fox News?
How many civilians were killed?
Did you ask Hilary the same question? Go cast your stones somewhere else! This is war!
Stop. You're embarrassing yourself.
Keep using your "Hillary card" it keeps you from answering any questions! Miss Mary, I guess that means you NEVER asked Hillary. Hypocrite!
I absolutely did. I did as well with obama. I don't belong in a cult and call out wrong doings when I see them.
Sorry Miss you are in a cult, I guess we all are. Here is the definitions a CULT. FYI, I voted for Obama
Devotion... your carrying around your "Hillary card" your "CULT" membership card 
Wag that dog eh guys!?!
I thought you didn't signal operational strategy? I guess that was yesterday.
DRIVE THEM OUT!
You have a state department that does press conferences use them
Is Fox News rump TV or is Trump TV Trump TV?????
"burn them all" ares. @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #GameOfThrones
FOX & friends, the Twitter Twits propaganda network.

this is POTUS Narcissistic plan at its finest He will be richer than ever at the end!
No in ink his business will suffer after this mess
I was raised by a rare dad in Mississippi. Im not your typical "Coon"







Approval ratings do not equal embarrassment. This is fake and your attempt to discredit the highest office in the land.
Sorry, 45 has done that all by himself. A leader doesn't use tweets to communicate - even those in tech. He hates his job and it shows.
Assumptive really? Must be product of Obama's public education.
Look who is assuming. More like Nixon and Ford. He has said how much he misses his old life. Who doesn't realize that being POTUS is hard?
Go get em
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: 2 US drone strikes in Somalia target Al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab ...
Fox and friends are part if Jew World Order. Everyone news agency are part of Jew World Order. People are afraid to say truth. WH uses
The news. They have agenda. All media even right side is control by Jews and every channel is owned by Jews. Awakeup America.
Psalm 5:12
For You, O #Lord, will bless the #righteous; With #favor You will surround him as with a [1/2]
Why not "one world under God?" Doesn't the rest of the world deserve God? Or just your insecure, self centered world?

again, his INFLAMMATORY rhetoric is HELPING TERRORISTS (August 11, 2017; 6:28 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Hello
You know, we can access news ourselves, and from more reliable news sources.
THAT is the problèm!  He doesn't want reliable, je wants faithful! Fox is actually leading the US, Trump their puppet
Trump has the opinion of whoever is in the room with him. That's scary.
Only if they praise him. He wants to be king, not président. A figurehead. He lacks intelligence to be a leader at any level.
Even with his companies, he was a figurehead. Others filled the executive positions.
He is président (not mine) because he ran a better élection and appealed the right people in the places that mattered. Shame he forgot them.

Keep spreading lies. Only idiots will believe you and retweet garbage like this.
Fox News. Just saying. 
LOOK OVER THERE !!!
.Hey, #PresidentJackass, how much is @FoxNews and/or @foxandfriends paying you for endorsements? What's 1 more breach of #EmolumentsClause!
3 Years, 5 Months, 9 Days, 5 Hours, 51 Minutes, and 57 Seconds
Bring em down! Finally making big progress is making ISIS extinct!
@Idealwoman261 
1. You need to take a geography class 
2. This was allegedly Al Qaeda not isis 
3. You're recruiting not reducing
And that matters why? Oops! There's still progress, the numbers are being reduced. WTF does it matter?
Plz...Go Away. The generals know what they're doing. Why don't you call them & offer your wisdom if you're so concerned.
@Idealwoman261  which generals? It's called a quagmire which I'm sure you don't know what that Is. McNamara if alive would agree #Vietnam
Good. Take those terrorists out. Would love to hear this happing more often. Time to hit the terrorists camps here in US also.
Russia probe moving at a faster pace.
You man the probe that's found literally nothing after a year?
he should just block all the seditious traitors from follow him
send them to Sweden
Good, Kill them all.
U the best
Way to Mr. PRESIDENT.
Somalian pirates we!
Get a $100 Little Caesars Gift Card!  (US) United States
Enter your email now for a chance to win.
http://trianglefile.com/673123 

Terrorism is a joke to place fear in the minds of sheep. More terrorist get killed than ppl killed from terrorism

Fake news.  Did you make the story up?
Way to go US military, great job in the fight against terror.
Seriously Trump, you are re-tweeting Fox News? What next Daffy Duck cartoons?
Fox News - again?  Learn more or resign!

Go get em Gen Mad Dog Mattis
You like that? Do you want the world to know that you did this? Poor you.
Great news.

I AM BRANDON MICHAEL LEBLANC ME ETERNALLY AND I AM GOD FOR REAL
Well Done Kill Them and Finish Them For Betterment of USA
@Sk3435 What are you talking about? When was the United States ever at war with Somalia?
@doedeer1664 who knows if it's real news or not
Who, and PROVE it.
Here we go again, delusional.
#Bullshit Sources ppl. Do your research!
Hillary the warmonger....

Your a great president sir. Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise.
Another golf day at your club and a distraction of a drone, sad!  Where is your work ethic and with so many things failing, more effort !!!
So its more wiping out ISIS,  got it
@realDonaldTrump terrorist on the loose
FEAR NOT!!! TRUMP T=TRUMP R=RUNS U=UNDER M=MARY'S P=PROTECTION
Our Lady's Peace Plan, Over Atheistic Communism...Family Rosary
QUIT! Opiate crisis is on you,government & doctors http://only.you  think there's a crisis now. NOW Chronic pain patients  are dying
Russia.
#MAGAUSA
Look, over there! Waddles fatly  to golf course
Trump drone strikes the terrorists that Obama armed.. 
yes
stop reporting these type of incidents. You are killing the American name overseas #idiots @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @IvankaTrump @VP
Propaganda from Fake News channel!
I believe nothing either of you say!!! #FAKENEWS
Thank u China for influencing North Korea not to attack! Trump is too busy being John Wayne "locked and loaded" but John Wayne is more manly
The war hoax!!!
Great news!
Why are you retweeting this from Fox & Friends instead of announcing yourself? Is that how you found out?
Proud of our military and president Trump



How much TV do you watch
@realDonaldTrump think we all have a TV, you don't need to promote Fox News and retweet News dummy
why don't you just tweet the live stream?...save yourself some time @realDonaldTrump
How heavily invested are you in Fox, @realDonaldTrump? Another reason we need to see your complete taxes. But I'm sure Mueller sees them.

Ooo, how exciting, #trumphasdementia
Shaped in the form of donald tRump's micropenis.  Good times, good times...

I really feel that it wasn't a coincidence moving general kelly in as chief of staff with all of the issues we are facing around the globe!
Did this hit Minneapolis because that's were all the Somalis are at... can we figure out that population before it's to late @MayorHodges
Killing terrorists in Somalia ... good
Finding terrorists in Minnesota ... bad!
You spleeny fly-kissing wagtail
North Korea leader was already in power when he killed his uncle. Didn't uncle challenged him & his brother was potential rival
HOw many civilians did you kill that time??
What about the airstrike in Afghanistan yesterday that killed innocent civilians? Don't wanna talk about that?

When can Somalians go back home?

What's wrong with you?! You're the president. You're behind the drone strikes -- or are you? Do you watch Fox to learn what's going on?
Or is it that you need to find anyone who will give you affirmation. "Hey, look! I'm on tv again! They're reading my tweets!"
But really, who's making all of the decisions? I know most of the cabinet spends their days cleaning up the piles of you leave everywhere.

Like this never happens.
Donnie is trying out his new toys

We finally have a president with balls
It's time something is fine for those poor people.
Stop Trump from promoting Fox News, a News outlet who thinks it is OK to assault woman, just like Trump.
Sha boom sha boom, yadada yadada yadada
State-run media knows before you? Bye Don.
VAPORIZE SKINNY
Yes Blow them all to 
HEY!  WHAT'S WITH THE RETWEETING FAKE NEWS?!?!?  BWAHAHAHAHA!!!

win?  nobody wins
Faux News! ...and so the day begins with a retweet. What's on your agenda today Donnie? 18? Verbal jousting w/Kim? U r weak! Mueller train!
good these people are evil
@FoxNews @seanhannity Should we tell UN to declare war on NKorea, then demand NKorea to surrender!
What if they miss?
why is US everywhere "pretending" to do good? We all know there is always a hidden agenda.

BOOM!
Not appropriate
Why?
Does North Korea ever use drones to attack a sovereign nation the way the USA does?
Really @POTUS u re tweet this, should it not be the other way around?   SAD our president learns what he should already know, from the news
In other news:
...and the vicious circle continues.
@realDonaldTrump Thank you.
#ISIS
Good!
Yay let's keep bombing countries we aren't at war with so you don't know how much money we use and how many people we kill!
It's very telling that the WH relies on Fox to be its mouthpiece. Leaks, lies, & lunacy. The president has no clothes. Will Fox report that?
Way to go Mr. PRESIDENT
She means under McMaster. Don did nothing. Bone spurs us know.
LOL state tv propaganda at its best.
#25thAmendmentNow

C.orrupt

U.ndignified

N.arcissistic

T.raitor

#FakePresident

Why is it so many Fox @FoxNews Hosts, contribs, pundits are either criminals or have scandal ridden past?
I see the area president is up watching TV this morning
