Beautiful President Donald trump !!!
You will be keynote speaker at a hate group's annual summit this weekend. #resign 

The people, yes!  Can't say the same for you!  The people are just pawns to you.
Your presence in the WH is our darkest moment by far.
Jen shut up and clear the airways for someone who knows what's going on
And ironically, the darkest moments have been occurring with great frequency since you took office...hmmm...there seems to be a connection!
Suzanne's get an education on the facts of our great President Trumps accomplishments before you open your mouth again
" No destructive force on Earth"? How about being a constructive force? Says a lot about your mindset, Trump.
And we will survive you.
U didn't write that. U don't give a shitttt if you're getting yr steaks, cake, girlfriend in FL. Impeach.

#25thamendment
 #GAINZ 
HATEFUL LIES!
All talk no action
Cindy don't give wemon a bad name educate yourself to the facts before opening your mouth again dummy
I just threw up a little.
Love?!? What the hell do you know about love???
To you, love is kissing ‘hotties’ w/o permission and grabbing a pussy every now and then.
If you could show same love & concern for Ppl of Puerto Rico ... you fire!
Go back to baking you don't know anything
Unless they are black, Latino or Puerto Rician.
These are our darkest moments. America will emerge victorious and you will go down in history as a traitor.
Darkest moment was becoming president !
THAT crowd? Predictably VERY supportive, @POTUS. Haven't been 2 Harrisburg since I was keynote speaker @ PADUI event. Ah, memories!
#clown #ImpeachTrump
barf 
In the darkness, you threw paper towels at people!!!!  SAD
Your attempts to inspire our laughable.  Two thirds of the country think you are a bad joke -  ineffective and divisive.  BAD President
You can only say shit , do something Mr. Wise genius? For USA!
Looks like you're in Eminem's parking garage.  Poor Trump, no stage.
Ok, who wrote this for you?

Despite their ignorant, racist #DOTUS, #LyingDonald.
you are the worst destructive force in the world
What's your view on Defoe at Bournemouth ?
The naive innocence of most Americans is being systemically assaulted under the guise of patriotism as they die 4 israhell & its evil agenda
That's about the only light they have in Puerto Rico right now.
My great President thank you
# Trump
ty for ur service to this country
you know not of goodness nor light nor courage. #SpinelessOrangePondScum
.@FLOTUS @PressSec @KellyannePolls did you forgive him wife number three? Did he give you herpes? He still wants to bang his daughter


That's exactly what Eminem said on the BET awards.
Keep Up the good work Mr. President @realDonaldTrump
BOT.
You mocked this mans service.
Trihard
CHICKEN
http://bit.ly/2xsNCx3 
http://bit.ly/2y79Adb 
http://bit.ly/2wVaokm 
After Today's Speech The President of the United States HUMPTY TRUMPTY Will Shut Pennsylvania Down !
One of the darkest moments in US History happened on Nov. 8th 2016 :(
Until your bored with them, Puerto Rico.  California hasn't even gotten a mention.  Just another example of your complete lack of empathy
Gosh, this nationalist drivel makes me sick
Thank you for helping our vets and for being strong backing our police and first responders and military!!
are you brain-dead?
To bad, that you can show Love and compassion .
if only obama was arrested all riots/protests killing violence would stop obama is behind all violence of BLm and antifa,c-13 and las vegas

DON'T FORGET THE PEOPLE OF LAKE COUNTY! #CaliforniaWildfires

God, I miss W! NEVER thought I would say that. Jeb Bush would have been 1,000 times better than you. You make me sick. #GrabThemByThePussy!
Krassenstein we need guns to keep politicians honest!
time t0 r0ck 0n iran
Could you please stop referring to yourself as "President"?  It grosses me out.

You’re the darkness over this country.
Yeah thank goodness for our light, love, and courage, because you lack all of those and more. #haterinchief #notfakenews
There is a great man that has the knowledge to bring nation out of poverty and conviction.

Except global warming
LIAR!!!
Thanks, now u talk about wildfires. Las Vegas shooting can be prevented if we require psychological evaluation every 3 years to gun owners.
An you sit there all covefefe and warm while you let the American people rescue the people of Puerto Rico without any help from you. So Sad.
AND it seems you plan to unite us with "dark moments" like WWIII, increased poverty and lack of ACA. Thanks #DotardTrump
you're a total disaster.
You are a dark moment
Except the destructive power of a hurricane that has placed your tail squarely between your legs. Just another part of #TheDonCon
hey groper,why do you always need a teleprompter?  #snatchgrabber
https://twitter.com/therealnyha/status/917205464558878720 …
When you read what is written for you, you almost sound like a grownup.  Too bad we have seen the childish stuff come from your own mind.
We have been going through our darkest moments ever since you were elected 
yeah but YOUR true colors & hate-filled core shows through! BTW, where’s that $1MM of your own money you were donating?!?
Except PR. Apparently. But how about that president of the Virgin Islands?
Bigly and GOP's latest populist healthcare plan - Go to the ER!
Well Done
Biggest butthole ever could he get anymore make up on him???

No way did you compose this. It was not a fucking moron tweet
Godj ur evil

Eat a bag of wieners, Mr Illegitimate!  How do ya like that liddle' ray of light?  #MORON
This definitely does not apply or include you.
G.O.A.T. #maga #covfefe
Darkest moment in my life...Election Day 2016. #RESIGN
& @POTUS #lies #lies #lies to US All again https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=8&v=LunHybOKIjU …  http://taskandpurpose.com/vets-become-aid-workers-puerto-rico/ … #MAGA @TheTrumpTrain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Love Trump,
#MAGA
BOT.
Grammar makes America great.
For all the great things you do we thank you Potus!! Remember we have your back!! Trump 2020!! Still winning!!
Name them please.
YOU have created those "darkest moments" and are incapable of providing light.  No goodness, courage or love in you.  Please resign.
So basically - "Las Vegas we will never leave your side. Puerto Rico - we can't help you forever."
the irony of trump talking about love, courage, and goodness lmao
The DNC and swamp rats are losing money with a non corrupt president paid hatters are in full swing working hard its so apparent and obvious
Fuck you #SCROTUS & fuck the @GOP who don't have the balls to kick your moronic ass to the curb.
we will survive #rapistdonaldtzrump and #trumpcrimefamily

WORST PRESIDENT EVER!!

he can try but he will not destroy us! 

WE WILL SURVIVE!
Awesome job! Love your tatics!!! Keep in being you! With you  2024!
On
From the people excluding YOU!!!  You show us hatred to mankind daily!!!
@realDonaldTrump  even god dont agree with your policies thats why he is burning up all your cash before you can misuse it.
Just as long as you're not Puerto Rican. Or black. Or smelly poor person. Eeewwww!!
#persian_golf
Yes, "our people" not YOU however. You can't take credit for this one.
Are you talking about Puerto Rico

@POTUS  are we going to continually be lied to regarding #LasVegasShooting & #CaliforniaWildfires 
Why is #Sessions complicit w/cover-up's
Even when you take us to the valley of the shadow of death

USA is under the control of a fanatical regime that seized power on #091101. It has spread death, destruction and chaos. @POTUS #IranDeal 
Then WTH happened to you
Huh?

Love uuuuuuu
Amen Thanks to GOD and you
That's because we have great leaders and you are one of them. A people can become no greater than their leader. So glad you are President .
BOT.
You are the nation's darkest moment. Quit now so the light can return. #FakePresident
Good God, are you going to toss more towels to show your courage and love???
Dark as in the color of the skin of people u deride & neglect on a regular basis?
Yep.  You are making us the meanest, most selfish powerful country on earth.  Small thinker.
you shouldn't hold your hand up when you speak; it makes your hand look so small.
You have no concept of goodness Herr Drumpf and are only fooling uniformed haters, your base. America knows who you are. @realDonaldTrump
Listen to so-called president Trump talk about women:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFEqVARTYkY …
• IMPEACH
• REMOVE under 25th Amendment--mentally unfit
Stop the ELD
Remember... PR is your people too. Everyone sees through your bullshit.
We've only seen darkness from you...
I think I just threw up in my mouth after reading this
Keep winning and keep the positive approach to #MAGA

Thank God for Pres Trump always working to keep Americans safe!

Perhaps you should take notes. Be like America, Donald.
. America is with you.
That doesn’t include you President Satan.
So much devastation caused by ungrateful people that spew out hate/anger; All s/b singing praise & thankfulness 2 God~Love Sees Blessings
Hinulin#jijvjinhbujubhvnjhuui
To bad you cant do the same for the americans in PR.
Darkness will come - no doubt - if you moron will stay in office any longer

Haces lo que puedes para lograr tu objetivos un abrazo amigo
Spare us your lies. You do not care about the people of this country. Puerto Rico is in the US..."moron".

President Trump just a great great real American president high praises support and love for America , God bless us all President Trump
Ughhh, more 4th grade speeches

Characteristics from which you are devoid.
That is my president, make America Great again, lObama only goal was destroyed America and he almost succeed, thanks President Trump
You don't even have a soul.
Like failing to help PR?
Wonderful speech. 90% of people commenting didn’t even watch. They get their news from Facebook and memes. You are doing a wonderful job.
We watch, we are disgusted by this ridiculous excuse of a president and he is unequivocally the worst president ever,  period!!
Pity you needed a prompter to sympathise with your own people
Theirs is right cuz you sure as hell haven’t shown shit #impeach45
MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA this drives the DEMS nutts
Lift your leg when you address the nation.. shit begins at the top. Puerto Rico failure, Salt lake failure, Texas and Florida failure, Cali
Health care Reform failure, taxes failure. What good have you done? none.. for the people.. 100% for the top 1 %. Uprising is coming.
Our people are in Puerto Rico still suffering
Yep he didn't write it
Too bad you try to squash it out and destroy it at every opportunity except those when you are trying to take false credit for it, Donnykins
Tell that to the people of Puerto Rico.
Maybe you can learn something.
#25thAmendmentNow
