Are the approval polls fake, too?
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention....
stop blaming everyone and stick to the agenda. Make America Great again!
Stop the addiction to communistic Hollywood. They acting like a bunch mythological demons!? Hollywood whos sexier stronger etc
We are with you all across America. Horowitz writes about the communism in Hollywood boycott what a waste of time! Don't support Hollywood
Why is this the oldest tweet that I can find on your account? Have you deleted everything prior to Feb 13 2017 or is this a twitter glitch?
That is what we call lack of government experience, men in your position ought not to pay attention to how big crowds are.
Hey donnie I see that you have surrounded yourself with the best ppl To bad that like you their just losers and criminals
So you have a crowd cheering you on. There are millions that hate what you are doing.
Insult Watch: FAKE NEWS edition, with a bonus Very dishonest!
Oooops, wrong again
here are your "supporters" to be impeached and thrown in jail
Just like the crowd at the inauguration, what a joke but at least you got to pocket $100M from donations, crooked Dump the conman
You are confusing the protesters with supporters....AGAIN!
Please call Paul Ryan out for screwing us on the wall again
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Pics or it doesn't count. #SoCalledPresident
Your base is very upset, don't be fooled.
I believe in Trump and his tweets if it doesn't come from him I don't believe the media except hannity and judge Jeannie Perrino
You go on about the fake news but support the fake NASA. Why not  research into the fake moon landings and space walks?

If by "enthusiastic supporters" you mean those protesters holding a sign saying "LIAR!" I get your point...
your addicted to pep rallies you child
Grow up please! For the good of the country rise above the petty BS
Lot of deplorables greeting you?
LOL they were prostesters, against you, because you're a disaster. Simple really
How did you not see their signs? They were PROTESTING YOU 

time to take your meds.
the only Fake News is Fox and that shit Bannon owns.
are you still going on about the media and how they not giving you enough attention?
How much did you pay them per head?
HAVE A GREAT DAY MR. PRESIDENT! One of your loyal supporters from MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE since June, 2016!
منتظر...منكم..السوال..والخاص...وبينكم..اوجدت.رسايل...قبل.سنوت.توكيد.هذا.ولن.ابخل.اي.الرموز.بما.عندي

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
I guess you had your windows up in the limo...they weren't cheering...
My son has epilepsy and cost more than he makes.  Without Medicaid he will die.
Please President Trump take a closer look at the Medicaid portion of this bill.
Clown laments.
"Big" like your non-existent penis?
Really? In Florida AGAIN?! Are you ever at the WH? Interesting, since you called out Obama for occasionally golfing...
They were lining the roads enthusiast about you LEAVING. Like the majority of America.
Why do the FAKE NEWS media refuse to mention a road? What is it with this road? I think we should be told. #mediaroadgate
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
talk 2 mE!
Fake news?
Also, protesters. I saw the videos, did you? Many on-going protests everywhere. The country is pretty divided.
Nobody carers about your crowd size its about what you say and do as president and so far im not impressed.
Maybe you should let media report on you playing golf!
refusing to mention something unimportant isn't "Fake News" its intelligent use of resources as no one cares!
just stop with the crowds and the things that don't  matter  please.
You know, if you did not broadcast live and connect with the public, CNN would make it sound like you just golf.  Good job.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/create-facebook-page-without-name-how.html?m=1 …
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
u mean the people tryna go/ on their way to their offices??
You don't need to be reported on just for doing your job. you aren't a child who needs a sticker reward just "being good".
Psychopaths en masse are actually referred to as a cult, or simply your paid employees
those r called protestors
mean "If they can't say I am their Dear Leader then clearly they are dishonest"
God bless President Trump and watch over him while he fixes America!!
You are the fake news. You are a fraud.
you are the fake. You lie every time you open your mouth.
Lies You had a large crowd I don't understand Florida but you only have a crowd in favor of you there Humidity no good
all we seen was protesters I don't think there was anybody up there cheering for you
The truth is that everyone in Florida attended,  The whole population are Trump supporters now!
Ok. Media is not there to show your crowds but to talk about issues. they shouldn't even report about your tweets
appreciate you and all you are willing to do for this country . If you ever give up we are done for ....
They weren't supporters, they were cheering because you were leaving.
quit calling fake call it lieing new that way they cant come back at you because it the truth,
on when you supposedly inherited a MESS? Crowd size?! Sounds like overcompensation to me.
hire people to applaud, which doesn't seem very honest, either. But, really, is this the thing you're choosing to focus...
I heard several reports mentioning there were supporters. I've also seen several reports verifying that you sometimes...
that you had to pay to be there! fake president.
SAD
banning @CNN @MSNBC @latimes @nytimes @politico @BBC won't stop the Truth from being reported.
No one cares. Why do you think that is news at all?
YOU ARE A BIG FAKE NEWS
you know all about dishonestyit is your modus operendi
So why don't you just post the snaptshots of the crowds which you and your fans all took with your cell phone cameras?
All right. Is there anything deal with LIE?Just don't want to let you happy.
LOL
weird,
I sent several messages to you, asking for help for the truckers. FMCSA is killing us with senseless regulations.
adorable that you think that. It's like little kids and the tooth fairy. Seriously - neither are real. Sorry not sorry
but what sources are declaring it was bigly?
Is this like your big hands? Yuge!  #TrumpImpeachmentParty
YOUR NOTHING BUT WALKING JOKE!!! AND WE WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO FINISH YOUR TERM!!! YOU ARE GOING DOWN!
We know. We the silent majority who voted 4 you, stand behind you and cleaning up the mess dumped in your lap, great job!
please help me help my daughter
WE ALL HATE YOU!
I agree w the recents.Mr President, PLEASE stop using Twitter to complain and use it to help ppl and warn about real issues
those networks r real sources of reporting on reality +truth.Undermining their cred as the Prez is irresponsible +dangerous
Calling these major news networks fake news is incredibly dishonest.
as a USC all I want is for you to succeed in improving our society. ALL of us are your country not just ur supporters
@di8285502 DontworryMr.President. WEwatch you onYoutube, FOXand small independent news channels.Dontworry!
you can't just take something out of the news you don't like and call it fake
bigger lines of protesters. Fake news more like fake trump #DumpTrump
Yes little orange man..u are the greatest...u are so cool..please fix america.  does this make u feel better?
@staffansamuel
you go donald youre doing a great job i dont care who doesnt like it

hey I we appreciate all you are trying to do but don't take away the tax credits from us it will crush us financially
how do I get recent tweets seem I get delay
Донельзя Трамп, Вы - лучший!!!
You are making America drop again
yeah the crowd of 20,000 in St. Pete march was bigger and they all opposed u. Please resign
thank you for leaving Florida? Please stay in Washington.
they didn't report it because no one cares
just spent 5 million of tax dollars feeling good about myself. Mirror mirror on the wall...
they might mention it if you didn't release policy on Twitter, or have security meetings out in the open at mar-a lago
STILL A 1, a 1, a 1 TRICK PONY. 'I'm Trump and I don't like news, they mean to me."
they advertised do you watch the news?
and I can't wait for Russia to let the rest come out.I signed up to March against youI'm a nobody MN.so many upfor grabs.
You have NO RIGHT TO CALLTHE NEWS FAKE. LOOK ATYOU.FAKE PROMISES, FAKETAN, FORGETTHE EFFING WALL. SRS.VETS SOCIAL S. DUMBAS
Those alleged 'supporters' were anti-trump folks. Sorry.
Mr president..please reply to me..we didn't see this crap over Obama! My husband and I respect u so much!!l Fox is on it!
I wish you were here to stop a projected mosque approval here in Sterling Heights Michigan!!!
hope mr President will get involved
can't trust anything a FAKE president says ,either #resist
trust me they weren't enthusiastic about you very very sad very sad
Nope, I don't believe that the roads were lined with supporters, Donald.  Most likely protesters or people you paid.
How was golf?
Please spend more time at Mar-A-Lago- then you'll have less time to screw things up
So the definition of Fake News is News venues not reporting events that are not news worthy?
please help seniors
so sad
may be you should leave us alone and go to the moon?
This so-called President is too deaf and blind to know what exactly is going on in this country. YOUR CITIZENS NEED HELP!
You're imagining them, poppet.  It's like that, "Many people are saying .. " crap.  Those are just the voices in your head.
lol ur tits r fake
that's the media for u
IDIOT
You're LYING. THE MEDIA reported everything. QUIT LYING TO EVERYONE. You are PROVIDING FAKE DISHONEST INFO.
But we know what the truth is thanks to you for exposing it across the nation!
did they all have erections? #resist
NOT Fake, just a bunch of crybaby whining liberals who cannot concede defeat.  I say to them: GROW UP already!
you're getting stuff accomplished
find another Outlet because Twitter sucks
Twitter is fake news
it's terrible what Twitter is doing you're doing a great job
you are doing a great job
WRONG!!!!!!!!'
. . Fake President .  Who cares about the enthusiastic crowds. How about you try and win over the rest of America.
Nevermind NOT POSSIBLE
Fake, if it isn't doesn't fit into your INSANE (incorrect) mold? You are deeply and DISTURBINGLY delusional. Dangerous.
its a protest dummy
YOU ARE FAKE NEWS
LOVE, love, love the speech.  Please do more!
