The investagation should continue for your & our benefit, but you're the President so I leave you to your own desires. May GOD guide you wisely Mr. President.
My criticism is not to be mean, but for your own benefit including my credit of you. I doubt your base cares about you as much as I do since many desire you terminate Rod Rosenstein & Robert Mueller who I think are Republican & German-American like you.
I credit you for beneficial activities you inact as eliminating worst part of Obamacare's individual mandate which hurt me financially, but I also criticize you for activities you do that I don't approve of as constantly attacking your fellow USA citizens & news media.
I hope so, but I doubt it since communist Russia attempted to interfere in USA's 2016 Presidential Election. I don't care what Russian President Vladimir Putin has on you. You better defend the USA from adversaries including communist Russia. I barely voted for you.
How does one "barely" cast a vote?
you are a great man for sjooooooooooov
@realDonaldTrump you need to follow the law and shut down Palestinian office in Washington
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight again...
Reality is, Trump, you keep on blabbering, tweeting without a clue what you're doing.
Reality is, Trump, you keep on blabbering, tweeting without a clue what you're doing.
Most of this drivel is envy and stupidity.  The rest shows society's failure to educate; total lack of courtesy & no basis for  the argument
if u kill all human/plant life, isis will be gone;you can have all the oil to yourselves,putin/saudi/trump 3 musketeers
#faceliftwoman needs to start respecting office of #POTUS or get off media.
Mr. President you are doing a fantastic job with all Obama left you to handle. Our school system is poor, only teaching SSex Bathrom, help
Mr. President we have a problem in our school system. We need to educate our children on business economics. Take SEX, Same Sex issues out
Give American best Health Care in America with excellent benefits and low cost of premium. We had excellent HCare benefits and low cost!
Let's fix this big problem, Obama put on our Country HCare. We need input from Doctors, people, Health Care companies. God will help Us
We had great Health Care before Obama took all excellent HCare Ins from American people. The Democratic and Republican did not ObamaCare.
Please talk to Doctors, talk to American people, and speak to all HCare Ins Agent that want to fix American HCare Issues. God will help
Please help keep Medicaid and Medicare, elderly, children, middle low income American need help. Please fix HCare Ins
Hmm
Not the only things you're sharing with Russia
Except it was closed to reporters again right? No other President shated info with a foreign country in an absolute closed session!!
HATERS,bet ur LUVIN new JOBS, PROTECTION from ISIS&MS13 Gangs, Highest Stock Mkt.,etc.all UNDESERVED!! UNITE!
"HATERS", bet ur "LOVIN" the new JOBS,PROTECTION from ISIS,&MS13 Gangs,Highest Stock Mkt.,etc.UNDESERVED!! !UNITE!!!
The liberals don't want President Trump to be successful with Vladimer Puten because if he is it will make them look bad.
With Pres Trump in charge Russia will be a partner rather than opponent.
I thought you were going to stamp out ISIS in 30 days..what do you need the Rooskies for?
The people want Travel ban to be implemented soon.
#inTrumpWeTrust we love trump
Ban quran ban islam ban hadish please 

Save the world .
what is with Trumpsters or Russian puppeteers and facts?
well they wont but nice try.
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
shit
Let Russia fight in Syria.  Russia does not need our help. I like Putin very much wish he could be our President.
So why not just ask them next time you talk?
YOU GAVE AWAY CODE WORD SECRETS TO AN ADVERSARY THAT IS TREASON!!! YOU ARE GUILTY DONT PASS GO, GO STRAIGHT TO GITMO! Bubba is waiting
Your foreign trip was an embarrassment to us all. U were a disgrace the way u talked & pushing the prime minister.  Why didnt u stay awaypig
Still got your back Mr. President. .thank you for what you are doing for America
How about you step up your fight against terrorism but not committing it or allowing it to be carried out here by white men
Terrorism is still terrorism when committed by yourself and white men in this country
And you thought you could share Israeli intelligence with a proven Jew hater???Wow..Your deplorably just got more Deplorable
In the world    The biggest terror is USA ，don't asked me why
be strong  bravest president ,we are slalways standing stronger behind you
And you owe Russia after all the rigging they've done for you. Oh and all the dirt they can blackmail you with
Try telling them!
T R E A S O N
they are doing it better than u
????
does putin tell you what to say everyday or just on special occasions? LOSER, everybody is using you, esp repub congress...too funny
RID us of TSA /worthless...stop NSA surveillance of Americans..U promised to meet with Putin first before taking office
Airplanes are by FAR the safest method of transportation, I don't know why it's even a concern of yours.
Russia china us and india, for that matter every nation with military might should combine forces to fight ISIS off, before they test nukes.
Россия и так этих тварей гоняет просто не мешайте нам. Русская
CIA funded
Donald u want a lot with Russia, i can see why some think that u may be sharing slippers with Putin.  Ur absolutely right ..do it right
Why are the Dems and Libs so afraid of a Russian/US alliance? Why is the Congress so afraid of swamp draining and term limits?
Traitor!
We know you haven't done anything wrong! Reporters want to keep focus OFF the fact you are truly #MAGA 
U didn't blame Americans for 9.11. U didn't blame christians for the KKK. U didn't blame Germans for hitler. Y u blaming muslims for ISIS?
Your the worst president in history

God be with you our great president
Don't forget to put Russian dressing on your salad.
Good job President Trump! Hillary and Obama are the proven incompetents! We're grateful you and the team are there!
good idea
cooperating with Russia is the most effective way to global peace，i'm with you
MURDERERS! NOT radical Islamic terrorists NOR suicide bombers! NOR monsters NOR losers.  Why not call them what they are! They're MURDERERS!
We'd really feel more comfortable if you would involve others in your decision making instead of doing it ad hoc (that means "on the fly")
why didn't you allow American press in on this meeting?  You only allowed Russian press.
2 incomplete sentences, one random comma,and a total moron - carpe vulvum, America
But at least you didn't tell em it was Israel.  

Please sir, resign.
You are such a loser. Thank God for the leakers. They are great patriots trying to stop you by doing damage control. Worst president ever
You want to stop isis? Get rid of the CIA. It's that simple.
I agree
Chup kr kutte...
Then ask your boyfriend, Puttie, to go after ISIS.
We Americans voted you in office and the results have been great.
Yea i think your Snowflake Flynn ( how the fuck got to be a general) was having open talks withthe russians too
Humanitarian issues? Dude, we need to talk!
Dear, dear!
I suppose when you are impeached it'll be everyone else's fault/responsibility? #manchild
sorry. we know that you and russia couldn't care less about terrorism.
Russia is our ally against ISIS and we should treat them as such. The media is endangering us with their anti-Russia propaganda! #Russia
good idea
why would russia help you?  You owe them money,lol what a joker you are.  We see you very clearly.  You bullied repubs but you cant bully us
MR @PutinRF_EngSIR?@POTUSALONG WITH #WeThePeople CAN DO IT ALL TOGETHER SO MUCH EASIER & EFFECTIVELY! #Peace & #Prosperity WILL ENSUE?
Россия и является самой активной страной ведущей борьбу с террористами как у себя в стране так и в Сирии
I love how people claimed the president was a war mongering racist before the election... make up your minds!!
No Russia wanted Hillary to win!! They owned her! As do many other countries
Our @POTUS is getting these nations to do their part against terrorism so our troops don't carry the full burden and risk-enuff already!
YOU Are a Lying-PRICK !!!
Why will Russia do what you want with this information?  And if they harm our ally Isreal with it will you resign?  You aren't an analyst!!
Stop funding deep state espionage.  Too much crooked activities.
You said you alone could defeat them. Oops! Oh yeah, tax returns? Illegitimate.
Has No1 told u Russia is fighting on the Side of Assad & R other Enemy, Iran? Let the Israeli’s explain it 2U #Unfit #Trump
@isis address of your command cave so I can MapQuest pls
Seriously! This is 2017! We've been fighting terrorists since Benghazi! Why doesn't the White have google maps?!?!
@leakers could you please tell us who you are!
Just sick over U.S. CBP that deported my future Singapore Fiancé at the Detroit airport.  Conjured a calculated lie to boot!
You just excepted a gaudy golden amulet necklace from 1 of the worlds largest terrorist financiers. You love Saudi
You better get off the dime on North Korea. Continue to be proactive not reactive. Dangerous!
We love your Trump Wuv from Australia xxx come and teach our politicians how to do it
Me too
No you just need to boast and brag to boost your own Ego 
#impeachtrump 
#Trumprussia
#TheResistance 
#RESIST
You can't even speak English!
There are channels to do what you're alleging, you don't just invite potential spies into the Oval Office, you nitwit! No one believes you!
US military has conducted airstrikes against pro-Assad forces in Syria,” Trump does not have congressional authorization
Russia don't care about Isis,they r undermining us in Syria and killing civilians left and right.Russians only there to prop up Assad stupid

Drain the swamp - get rid of anyone associated with the disgraceful Obama administration.  We are counting on you!
BUT DURING YOUR CAMPAIGN YOU SAID THAT YOU & ONLY YOU HAD A PLAN TO DEFEAT ISIS! SO WHY DO YOU NEED TO TURN TO RUSSIA FOR HELP?
Getting the job done! MAGA!!!
Good donald trump
So you turned on another alliance
They are the Leaks, then they kill their leakers and tie up loose ends.
Is there going to be world war 3
I believe with some training and education with regard to diplomacy you can do that without unmasking high level intelligence to an enemy
That's right that's good meet with Putin and let them cry
Do you even know how this works? Did you go to college for a degree related to your job? Well, your lack of competency is painfully apparent
Why only russia? Why not turkey, iraq, and all middle east countries? Because you and Putin are BFF? Just ask Putin what to do, like always.
Nope, just checked:  Top stories remain #TrumpRussiaCollusion,  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp, and #TrumpObstructionOfJustice  Safe travels!!!
@CrazyAboutTrump
@CrazyAboutTrump
guys,yes tks chief f having vision & see big picture wt happen world,let work Russia,EU,China, &Israel,& Saudis others,to safe Planet ,@CIA
So how deep into Russia is Jared?  Can't do business with a bank under sanctions. LOCK HIM UP

BS
You're going down 
Thangs
Hi sar
So that was the secret plan. Thought you were going to "crush ISIS"...
Stop sucking Putin off.....we know you're a joke...just quit while you can...lock trump up !
24 x 7 CNN Shows news against US President. Such Hatred is not understood by this news channel.
http://m.me/CosaNosaHitt 

Good for you Greta! I've been watching you since OJ! Wish you were still on FOX! We have MD & FOX in common, but never MSNBC! Good Luck!
I can't stand u have to put up with all these wanna b hateful jealous pretenders. 

#billbelichick for press secretary
Hey tony if this was obama you would be really fu.. take a minute and pull your ears hard this great man is fighting for us all!
You are not smart enough to even consider that.
Time to set up a sting. Leakers must be prosecuted to fullest extent of the law!
And bomb Germany that crazy fraulein is an islamic fanatic ...
You keep telling yourself that, Bozo. Maybe it will come true.
