
Synonyms for the #DeepState: The First Amendment; the Rule of Law; Prosecutors; Judges; law enforcement; Congressional oversight committees.
Let's talk about @newtgingrich's hypocrisy, impeaching Clinton for Obstruction & now saying @POTUS #LiarInChief @realDonaldTrump can't. @GOP
Has Donald Trump ever recommended we read a book that a ghost writer hadn't written for him? Schoolchildren read more than Trump does.
Pretty sure that fly that keeps landing on my book while I'm reading has read more.
Sean, you make yourself sound insane with deep state B.S. You don't know more than the FBI. Dummy.
America needs to be strong. #DeepState is said to be behind this #DildoShower business. We need to show support for #Trump via #DildoShower.
This is a perfect example of how we can support #DonaldTrump and America. Shower him with dildos. #DildoShower.
You're banned.
RT @seanhannity: #Hannity Starts in 30 minutes with @newtgingrich and my monologue on the Deep State’s allies in the med...
To everyone that says @realDonaldTrump did not tweet about sailors. Check his timeline. Over 10hrs ago he did.
Your administration IS the deep state. Dictator aspiration. #WHCORRUPT #TrumpPutin #TrumpGate #CoverUp #TheResistance #InvestigateTrump
Sean Hannity is the biggest joke/buffoon. We CANNOT be a free country w/o the 1st Amendment's protection of ALL media. NO VOICE SUPPRESSED.
We can't be free until we get stank #FOXLies out of #America they have done more damage to this country
As much as I would like to agree, I choose to believe that the 1st Amendment means ALL OF THE MEDIA. You can't censure a part of the media!
Oh spare me the 1st Amendment bullcrap when FOX won a case here in #Florida that green lighted their ability 2 lie & still call selves News
You mean the Cable News Exception That Allowed Cable News To Operate w Less Regulation Than Air Wave News That Needed To Be Factual.  I know
You are the ultimate abuse of freedom of speech. Lying to millions of people on a basis. America will be great again if it find aways to seal off the rat hole that produces Sean Hannity ie FoxNews.
Congressman for 20 years, former Speaker of the House, former minority whip, @newtgingrich IS the establishment and the deep state.
No, he's one of the few who have kept it real. You're probably too young to remember all the good he did for the GOP during clinton's term.
Reality check: @newtgingrich led impeachment effort of a prez on basis of obstruction of justice & now argues a prez can't obstruct justice.
Donald Trump will always be one of the most embarrassing things about the United States #DearpigTrump
RETWEET if you agree!
#ThiaraDiamond
You spread propaganda and make villains out anybody you don't agree with. You've done generations of damage to this country
This is what Dems rhetoric results in..from a Dem Strategist in NJ.
Yes, you too can visit his acct
https://twitter.com/James_J_Devine/status/875470710495424514 …
What do you mean by "dems rhetoric"?
R u simple? No,  u r not. U know the constant barrage of disrect & disregard for the LEADER of the Free World, OUR PresTrump. U lost, moveOn
We've moved on and are getting ready for the impeachment party.
Trump deserves as much respect as he gave Obama!
Leftards b like....
Libtards? Grow up!
Nice GIf though
Do you prefer demzi or left Supremacist instead? I've really worked hard 2come up with more creative names since I've been so many recently
Ew, Hannity and Gingrich. Can it get any worse?
You could make it worse
I was thinking the same thing 

President Obama left office with a high approval rating. 45's approval rating is in the 30's.
Still believing them polls?
This "deep state" garbage is twisted paranoid fantasy.
Sorry. Gotta clean behind the refrigerator.
You both are Sick....
The "Deep State Conspiracy" propaganda mission will lead to further polarization and violence. #hatemongers #goebbels #douchebags
Stop promoting your pals. Do you have no shame?
SEAN you suck just as much as Dumpster maybe you can share a jail cell and continue your live feast
Chump, instead of Hannity, you should have watched the Watergate documentary on 20/20.
LoL... uncanny timing, that little jewel of "journalism"
1/2 The timing of the airing of the documentary corresponded to the 45th anniversary of the 6/17/1972 arrest for the break-in of the DNC HQ
2/2 at the Watergate complex. The timing wasn't media bias. Nothing wrong with airing documentaries. I love the irony of "45", though  :-)
You are merely dividing our country even more with your conspiracy BS "Deep State" trifle to try and silence the free press. Jackass
Honestly .. you should be ashamed. History will view you as Trump's tool. Have some some respect as a "journalist"
tin hat time
@realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich more with the "Deep State"? Geez I guess if you repeat ablie enough idiots will believe. #SMH
Brown-noser.
Lunatic daily briefing.
You three are completely despicable people who are willing to tear down this country for your own particular agenda.
Fox and @rupertmurdoch and friends should be investigated by @FBI for treasonous propaganda and coverup.
Wow, so many layers of shit that I won't waste my time on!
#GingrichIsAFuckingDolt #HannityEatsHisSistersBoogers #Loser #Foxnews
We're calling insane, deluded rants "monologues"?  Doesn't seem right....
Get out yer Tin foil hats and listen!
How's those sponsors doing Sean.  You and bill will have plenty of time to commiserate together soon
The actions of the Obama hold overs and Underground government  are unlawfull acts of espionage to overthrow our government..Getmo
Unfortunately, Hannity's Friday 16/17 show was an hour of replayed media messages and attacks by the negative, immature, ill-informed Left
@realDonaldTrump  You and Sean Hannity still got a little crush on each other? Awww.
The theory of political leadership Donald trump shares with adolf hitler.
LOL Who cares? Bad ratings, losing sponsors, terrible network.
Hard pass
i listen to your show here and there. Good show.
Thanks Sean to inform us about these sick peoples  god bless u 
When are you going to stop acting like a child and grow a pair?  Russia's attacking us and you're acting like nothings happened.
Sean can you please get a list of the Republicans names an phone numbers that's against our President Trump an post them?
How original. #maga #brokenrecord #hannity

Who cares !!!!!
Three has beens.... yawn
Deep state? Why perpetuate these nutty conspiracy theories?
Trump the future is not looking so bright. Shouldn't have fired Comey. Obstruction of justice is a felony.
oooooooooooooooo......DEEP STATE.   What a wackjob.  It's all controlled from the Vatican by the Pope oooooooooooooooo
Should a president hype a television show airing on one favored, for-profit network. @FCC aren't there rules prohibiting this?
WikiLeaks Email from John Podesta:  2015 "Best approach is to slaughter Donald for his bromance with Putin..."
#FoxPuppet
What lies will you be spewing tonight? You're a joke!
Newt the flip flop on Mueller.  
Newt doesn't look well, is he sick?
.
@
There is no cure for stupid...ignorance is terminal...I feel for the both of them.
Stop with the Grecian formula. It looks like u put black shoe polish on your head. I am dead serious.

Should be riveting (yawn).
That's your defense? 

They're coming to get you, Donald. Resign now and save your family name.
#ffs, you ARE a #deepstate ally. @gop
Mueller is supposed to investigate Russia. Anything else should go to Sessions. Job description for Mueller is too broad.
@realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich The Deep what?? Hahaha wtf are you on about?
Can you ever do anything without Gingrich?  He's a has been
"FBI Director #McCabe has been identified as the ringleader of the team engineering the takedown of President Trump" and #Scalise not safe!
I'm stunned by the level of self-centeredness and meaninglessness of your presidency.
Omg omg omg!!! I CAN'T WAIT!!! (To take a nice 60 minute dump during this).
Deep state has power because they put their own in power positions. If Trump does not do that he will fail bigly. Fill the gov w Trumpers.
#hannity is a pathetic excuse for a journalist
humm another libtard scared of the Truth #Liberals Fear #Hannity you been watching 2 much of that #Fake #RachelMaddow or CNN or MSM
Actually the only ones that are fearful are the fake fox news viewers
yawnnnnnn go back 2 watching your #FakeNews 
so what is it there should be no investigation?
You are pathetic, Sean. Why don't you join Bill O'Reilly on his podcast to the 49 people that give a crap. #TrumpRussia #DonTheCon
Fox News has become state run media
When you have to resort to nutjob conspiracy theories to defend Donald Trump, it's time to call it quits
Lets talk about how don's tiny tweet phone is bigger than his tiny pete thing. No wonder he has a complex.
#PoorPunyPeePee
#trumpRUSSIA
You have time to tweet this self promotion,but no time to inform the Nation about our distressed Naval ship and missing sailors?Shame on you
Delusional
A trinity of narcissistic fools
You lost us on "deep state".
Do America a favor.
Stop profiting from conspiracy theories.
@NBCNews 
@NBCNews 
@MSNBC 
@CNN 
@jaketapper
Klsndkjdd
You and Newt are needed by your comrades in Moscow .. GIT!
All that consumes you is YOU. Sailors missing & POTUS promotes @seanhannity  Maybe FOX hasn't reported NAVAL accident yet so UR not aware!
By "deep state" you mean "the rule of law" assssssshooooollleeeeeee
Yeah, I went to Deep State. You probably  haven't heard of it. It's a secret society school. We're gonna rule the world! 
idiot
Paranoia paranoia paranoia, everyone is trying to get me...
“Trump's radioactive, threw #JeffSessions under the bus. If the boss doesnt have yr back, there's no confidence"
"8 Republicans said they turned down job offers out of concern working for this administration could damage their reputation" #TrumpIsToxic
#FakeNews #FakeNews!!
GOP should conclude from today that they should go full force and excite their base by fully repealing Obamacare, not half-assed nonsense
Thank goodness for you & your show to get the word out!
Pres Trump please fire all of the deep state asap ! dont let them win only you can win !! keep on going ... praying for you and the country
So glad you got this out before you had to deal with the dead sailors.  Oh, and release your taxes.  And resign #All_lies_matter
#Hannity your  the  BEST!   Absolutely love your show!!!!!
Will Hannity address Rupert Murdoch's great friendship and trump leaning of his fox news station?
Deep state = Rule of law.
"Deep state's allies in the media" Do you medicine you forgot to take before you made that tweet?
More falsehoods from Napolean.
Fake News
Psssss,,did u tell 45 ,Pence is preparing to take over
Trump lying to us Hillary is not in jail or Obama we lie we go to jail they lie they get paid more money
Deep state.. LMAO!!! Do you even know how stupid you sound? Maybe you should rethink those cuts to mental health programs. Just sayin...
The more the left talks .. the more absurd they sound geez .. get a life
Spam.
He does not care about anyone but making himself and his family richer on the backs of all the tax payers. And don't forget his rich friends
Since #DeepState #media #EstablishmentGOP #intelligence agencies all so pervasive & bad, #Trump & U should move to some new #BananaRepublic!
Mr. Hannity please present the following question to your audience. Should illegals be deported if they're on welfare.
Obviously you and Trump have been deep stating each other too much.
In face of these tragedies these 2 dim- wits fuel fires of division, hate, & fear when unity, respect & love 4 each other is badly needed.
No way I would watch your FAKE NEWS report. You, #deplorabledon & family of #Stepfordwives are PATHETIC. Newt, backstabbing liar.
Law,  much?
Statesmen don't "monologue."  They listen.  Clearly, you are not now, nor never will be, a statesman.  In words you might get: YOU: SAD,LAME
So now Mueller has a secret meeting to make sure the many investigations "don't conflict". Sean let everyone know this. The fix is in.
Fake host
You are so damned irresponsible. It's not "Deep State", it's citizens who adhere to our Constitution and laws.
Hannity covers all issues unlike the lib media only covers the liberal agenda. So glad Sean is fair and balanced

stayed reading to a classroom when 9/11 happened.
Hopefully this lying sack of shit Hannity goes to prison when Trump does.
I see President Trump ss a workaholic.
He see so much that needs to be done, that woukd be good for our country.
.
Looney tunes on our State News Propaganda channel
Any updates on Gingrich & Trump's crooked Russian pal Vadim Trincher? How's he doing? #TrumpRussia #impeach
which side of his mouth will he be talking out off?
Who gives a shit?!
congratulations!

Ur master sipports terrorists. Never forget Cubana de Aviación flight 455. Women & children murdered by Luis Posadas & Orlando Bosch CIAs.
Trump is spiraling downward. He gets a reprieve each weekend, but Monday morning starts a new round of self destruction. It's accelerating.
deep state ... like brietbart. info wars and hannity?
Thanks for the warning - I can put on a gas mask!
The United States should try to get rid of Assad. He is a meance to his own people. He is a membr of the Alawite party. Time for him to go.
Gross. No thanks. Can't wait till @seanhannity is fired & @newtgingrich is exiled.
