So after six months, what's next
"No action" seems to be the description of your entire presidency. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump #Resist
Where are you hiding our Donald???
lol wut
It's VERY important American citizens don't listen to #FakeNews media sensationalism 

I get my news from @POTUS #MAGA
And then what about after 6 months?  Will you kick them out of America without any notice?
I mean, this is the notice
Nothing to worry about; Congress now do your job and write law one way or the other but settle the issue legally.  Do your job.
Ivanka's looking kind of fat lately. Is she feeling okay? Just stress, maybe?
Everything you do should worry the USA!!

So Trump is responsible for "anchor babies". The irony. https://twitter.com/justinjm1/status/905623899894935552 …
No amnesty!
Oh I'm  sure they feel good now! Wtf - do you have dementia? You can't cut a program then voice support for the people you just screwed
Ummm and what about after 6 months? What's the point of creating an arbitrary deadline to mess with people's heads?
To allow congress to either pass a new law or allow someone to apply for citizenship.
That could have been done WITHOUT holding people's lives hostage.
Yes and so far not doing anything has done so well and everyone has applied for citizenship right??
if you actually look at DACA recipients it is going really really well
How is this fair to the people that have been waiting YEARS to come here legally? Explain to me,I understand their parents did this too them
oh it's very easy they didn't choose to come here in the first place and they have probably given more to this country than even you .
@ lol. That's all I am going to say.
You sniveling, little coward. Realize your actions are idiotic & unpopular & you just walk them back.

That's you all over. NO ACTION!
Upholding the law should not be about a popularity contest
Crazy you!!! You change your mind every two seconds! LIAR
How r u going to help us? What can u guarantee for us?. Dreamers are illegal aliens. Before 2012, they had business wrre in school. 5 years
Are you having fun playing with people's lives?
#25thAmendmentNow
But then it is back to Absurdistan with you! Don't forget to buy a copy of "The Art of the Deal" on your way out! MAWA!

My lord, man.
Thanks but what you thought about fat boy ?
Don't worry about finding a place to live and a new job in a country you've never been to. You'll be just fine! Hope you speak the language!
They can come to Canada :)
#oldfashionedPOTUS @realDonaldTrump
U r faster than the light.
right decision needs to take a civics class. Just like his executive order in the 9th circuit Court was stopped!
What I meant to say was anybody that does not believe he made the right decision needs to take a civics class
End ILLEGAL migration. STOP the flood; build the freaking wall NEVER negotiate w/Dems/RINOS!!!
5 years notice after 6 months?
Foot in mouth disease!!
Mexico just issued a notice telling all the DACA recipients they are welcome back protected.
6 Months and 1 day, deport them all. With the exception if military members. They should get citizenship.
Is this your way of shutting us down? This is only the begging of our fight! AND WERE HERE TO STAY! #DacaProtests #DACAMENTED
Actually, this is legitimately funny.
but after that 6 month period....you're screwed
This should have gone through the legislative process to begin with.  The executive order from Obama was unconstitutional.
VIOLATE THE LAWS OF THE US. BY FOREIGNERS AS ILLEGALLY ENTER AS A PRIZE THEY GIVE YOU THEIR EMIGRATION. THIS WILL NEVER END.
And the DACA are suppose to trust you?
Colossians 1:3
We give #thanks to the #God and #Father of our #LordJesusChrist, praying always for you,
1 Peter 2:13-17
Therefore #submit yourselves to every #ordinance of #man for the #Lord’s #sake, whether to the #king as [1/5]
#supreme, or to #governors, as to those who are sent by him for the #punishment of #evildoers and for the #praise of those [2/5]
who do good. For this is the will of #God, that by doing good you may put to #silence the #ignorance of #foolish men— as [3/5]
free, yet not using #liberty as a #cloak for #vice, but as #bondservants of #God. #Honor all #people. Love the #brotherhood. [4/5]
Fear #God. #Honor the #king. [5/5]
Psalm 109:8
And if you want to stay enlist in the army and apply for citizenship legally. I served and I was born here.
There are DACA participants serving in the military, dipsh*t. And they can't just "apply" for citizenship. That's the point of DACA.
Enough with this "just apply" horse shit. For DACA participants that means leaving the US & likely not being let back in for YEARS.
It means leaving only home they know, going to a country where they may not even speak the language and have no roots or means of $ support.
DACA participants are desperate to remain as Americans. You honestly think if it were just a matter of some paperwork they'd not do it?
They've done literally everything they can do. Registered with the gov't, passed background checks, paid fines, etc...
That's like telling someone who has six months to live that they have nothing to worry about for six months.
Except it's NOT the same. Obama put this in place, the parents came here illegally & did nothing 2 do it the right way. Put ur blame on them
The parents came here BEFORE Obama was President.  Don't blame him!
He put DACA in place, he is to blame as well
He protected them from being deported to a country they've never know.  You know...compassion!  Something clearly foreign to you.
Emotions don't override "Law".Obama acted on his own&overstepped Congress. DACA is unconstitutional& PrTrump is enforcing law as Prez should
It's not the Next 6 MONTHS they are worried about... It's the REST OF THEIR LIVES!!
Imagine if Ivanka Came here at 2 years old from Russia. Imagine forcing her to move back to Russia w/out knowing the language or the country
RETWEET If You Side With OBAMA on #DACA!
You are ruining Lives, plain and simple, and you don't give a crap
Why don't you pack up and leave?  DREAMERS do more for this country than you ever could.
President Trump loves ALL AMERICANS. He is the #AmericaFirst President!
More lies. Trump loves only himself
why should you be believed?
What you go do yo help the  family
LIAR!!!!!!
Pass tax cuts 4 middle class & infrastructure jobs bill & work with @BernieSanders 2 pass UNIV HEALTHCARE B REMEMBERED AS BEST POTUS N  HIST
DACA is illegal, people here, no matter how long, illegally, need deportation! Enough! No other country would tolerate this!
Yeah, I'm sure they trust you.
Has @IvankaTrump taken over your Twitter account, @POTUS? We voted for you to deport illegal aliens, not to be Obama 2.0.

@realDonaldTrump
For all of those (@HouseGOP) that are concerned about your status during 2018 midterm election, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
#RESIGN
How is DACA being screened?
Cesar Vargas and many others were arrested and still approved for DACA?
@USCIS 
@StephenMillerAL
@ICEgov 
@FBI
Except that you've proven that your word cannot be relied upon.  

You're very bad at this job, and you need to #Resign
but after the 6 months are over ur SCREWED! #trumpimpeachmentparty

I typically don't trust what's online most of the time. But I will believe you and I know what you will do is right for us.
For all of this (POTUS) that are concerned about your status during the Mueller investigation, you have nothing to worry about for 6 months
hi
LOCK HER UP AND LET JUSTICE PREVAIL!!!!!
you just take things away that Obama created like a little kid. You're taking away a program that 800,000 people depend on
Living in US a privilege not a right must go home and apply for citizenship. Don't protest or they will they will never let you come back.
Not until the six months are up and you have put your name on the list. Bye bye baby
Ja ja ja it's like saying " you are in a cage w lions, there's nothing to worry about!! They don't bite!".   Lier lier lier
What about these russian anchor babies born in Florida? Parents staying in your towers? Kids will come back to stay & will have rights.
This is now documented and archived...
I would say "well done" but your idiotic action is what caused the "concern" to begin with #jemelehillforpresident
DACA should be for the kids here now. All new kids coming across the border need to be sent home.
Can you even spell DACA?
Mr President, please look into the fraud in DACA recipients!!!!
Just make sure you do what you promised
Sir you are a good leader
Idiot.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
You promised to #EndDACA but gave Congress 6 mos to legalize it?
You promised to end #H1b #H4ead but no result
No worries,  guys.  You have 6 months to pack all your stuff, say goodbye to EVERYTHING and learn a new language.   this is bullshit.
In civilised countries this is called abuse of power. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Hope someone shits on everything you built your life on and tells u to do nothing
#NoDaca 

These educated "contributers" need to go home and fix their own country. Only that will stop the craziness.

If Dems shut the gov down so be it
No compromise
Then why are you scaring everyone? What happens in six months? Please stop this now! Don't break up families, give these people citizenship.
Give? They have had many years to apply for citizenship and they haven't even tried.  I am tired of giving anything to anyone ... Legal or illegal.  It is time for people to become responsible for their actions and fix their own problems without a handout of the government.
No one should be given citizenship for breaking our laws. For DACA, the best they should get is residency.
Stop playing games with people's lives!!  You have no brain at all and it's so obvious that you're being coached.  Step down!!!
What the hell are you talking about? You throw the Dreamers under the bus but then say, don't worry?
hard-working,tax-paying Americans,families,victims hurt by DACA worry.DACA kids/adults gain citizenships via illegal means all the time!
So six months relaxing before you kick them out. Nice.
nor do you ever have anything to worry about.  The orange buffoon will see to it illegals stay so he can hire you.
)
Damn your a sell out
There's not suppose to be a waiting, a  6 mo period..
I'd trust a gas station's egg salad sandwich over your "trust me" any day of the week.
Ethnic cleansing isn't exactly a new concept among Conservatives, and they wonder why they lost Christmas...
No DACA unless Congress pases an immigration bill and works to secure the border.  If amnesty is given it will only get worse.
Judy like the rest of your residency
This is not what you campaigned on.
1971年3月26日、
東パキスタンの指導者シェイク・ムジブール・ラーマンが独立宣言をしました。東パキスタンの人々の独立のための戦いが始まりました。
この独立戦争の時、
インドはバングラデシュを支援してくれました。
そして西パキスタンを支援したのは中国でした。
この戦いでバングラデシュは大変な被害を受けました、
12月16日、パキスタン軍事政府に宣戦布告、
9ヶ月間に及ぶ戦いに勝利しました。
戦争中、日本国民はベンガル人を支持しました、
バングラデシュ独立のために応援してくれました。
E
Why would you be Nancy Pelosis puppet? This was only tweeted because she asked you to do so
Build the damn wall, then talk about amnesty.
How about you don't touch DACA?  #racist
,sir we need to deport all illegal aliens , get rid of DACA
Like anybody trusts you!  You don't know a lie from the truth, you just make shit up
Cool beans! why not even do anything at all if "they have nothing to worry about" thanks for nothing BAwss!
you sold us out. The citizens that put you in office, you sold us out.
Thank you being president of America. Believe you will make great . :))
Don, you're always going to be a Nazi to the Left. Stop attempting the placate them and fix the shit you ran on.
Of course no action! You won't be in office in six months.
WTF
Love you Mr. PRESIDENT #MAGA
Idiot
Thank you gracious and benevolent leader! We shall never forget your kindness.
Inappropriate. Cruel. Insensitive. Imperious.
Take their,the illegals,welfare food stamps section 8 housing medicare medicade public housing away
Don't let anyone sway your insints and plan. You got this.
I voted for you to deport them - now you protect them. And you called Hillary a LIAR!
DACA recipient are so spoiled demanding too much from the country they enter illegally, they violated the US immigration law ...
You are a dick
You freaking LIAR!!
Wtf
You're making congress do their jobs, Mr. President? Imagine that!!
And then what? Ship people that have been here since infancy back to a foreign country? You are a joke!
Thank you Mr. President.
What happens to them after 6 months 45? Put yourself in their shoes. MaryAnne Trump was an immigrant! Allowed to stay -US was gereat then 2!
Since you seem incapable of telling the truth, this is little comfort.
BTW - RELEASE YOUR TAXES
Who knew @NancyPelosi, a scambag congress woman with dementia, will be instructing @POTUS  wht to twit. In other words we're screwed again!
Says the guy you can't go 10 min without a lie...
Stop helping foreign invaders over our own kids! Cut 100% of domestic aid to illegals or you are not "America First" at all!
Gjl
What happens after 6 months? I know it's hard for you to think further than several hours at a time but these people need answers.
That's not right, Obama gave them the right to have 1 felony, or 3 minor charges & still remain on DACA, not right.  Deport them now!
Isn't that comforting!
Hillary's position on #illegal aliens
Crooked says deport the children!
"Just b/c your child gets across the border, doesn't mean the child gets to stay!"
Deflecting your responsibility for the action, Comrade?
Do us all a favor. Resign.
There shouldn't be any action to begin with asshole. Still bannon and sessions puppet i see.
You promised to #EndDACA but gave Congress 6 mos to legalize it?
You promised to end #H1b #H4ead but no result.#NoAmnesty
You are the most shameful president to ever occupy the White House. Shame, shame, shame.

Dear President Trump .
This is how your Iraqi ally is respecting your Flag .
800,000 reasons why you will be a failure if you mess with these peoples lives..
This is like putting a 22 year old in jail for being in a get a way car during a robbery when they were 6 Years old.
Please get rid of DACA no rest for the illegals
In other words, Obama's illegal edicts will still stand.
Again more distraction....Russia, Russia,Russia,Russia .

As you can see from this tweet that our dear president, Mrs. Oompa Loompa, has posted, you have nothing to worry about! @DavidDobrik
Thanks for compassion feeling
Trumps moronic tweets never cease to amaze me.  When i think ive heard the stupidest tweet, he gets even dumber.  Nothing to worry about?
There is no statute of limitations for murder.  Ergo anyone who entered the USofA years ago fall w/n the statute framework. Can't prosecute
We will see about that sir. Promises, promises
TRUMP YOU SHOULD LISTEN TOO WHAT SAVAGE SAID ON RADIO THURSDAY NIGHT SEP 14TH Y NOT GET RID OF ALL DACA IN PRISON/JAIL WE DONT NO HOW MANY??

MUST SEE! Former NIST Employee Speaks Out about #ControlledDemolition on #911 #WTC7 

https://youtu.be/RJ_jQgIEnI8  
And after the 6 months dingus?
DACA needs 2 be case by case, also that whole wall better be funded in this bill, remember what you promised.
They are illegal aliens they must go home period. No room to barter.
Worst statement yet. They need to go back to their own country. Where is the American Made and Made by Americans NOT illegals? Deport all of
Ahhh what a nice guy !!!  JERK!!!
So much for America first @realDonaldTrump
What about after?
I don't understand why DACA Supporters are upset with our president.  You have given them the best hope they have becoming citizens.
