You can never judge a book by it's cover. I hope its not written by News week this time.
https://www.google.ca/amp/people.com/books/donald-trump-cnn-unprecendeted-book-cover-tweet/amp/ … #Trump
At least they didn't spell it "unpresidented". 
this one?

This one?
you narcissistic fuckwit, can you please just stop talking about pictures of yourself. Or just stop talking, period.
do you? Really?
this guy knows the true problems
IS GOOD PHOTO
IT LOOKS 'JUST' LIKE YOU!
No...no, I apologize...I think this is a better depiction.
nope , that's you and your old orange face and goofy "hair".  Only good pic would have been in the dark
Oh come on. You are embarrassing yourself, but worse, you are embarrassing ME! #thinskinnedPEOTUS
#CNNSucks and I won't be buying ANY book released by the #ClintonNewsNetwork
BTW, that's a good picture, believe me
Go with the flow they have no meaning in life. You give them a purpose to exist go mr t
Wake Up DON: get over yourself, there is true pain and suffering in the world. #whatwouldjesustweet
yes it will be great if they do
Oh no a bad picture of you?? Poor little Racist Asshoe
better?
there are no good pics of you. You can't shine shit
I'm sure it was on purpose too
.@cnn tried but twas impossible to find flattering pic + reveal your true nature @realDonaldTrump
How about this one for the cover photo, Donny?
and @seanspicer
Since you know things that nobody else does, please reveal what was in the briefcase in Pulp Fiction.
everyone knows.... it was a nude photo of yo mama!
#burn
There AREN'T ANY good photos of you!
Did RUSSIA get a Chapter or Putin get a Credit?
I don't think that was accidental. And, do you ever think, "maybe that's what I really look like?!" Cause, it is.
looks like one of your better photos. You should hand them
@protesting2016 @CNN Was it this one?
TRUMP=MERDE DE MERDE
So many exciting, deeply aromatic possibilities!  So little time!
POTUS!  LMAO!!!
looks like something you'd see in the video game Fallout. #realdonaldtrump

I expect Trump will regularly ditch the press pool while golfing.
@protesting2016 @CNN   Or maybe this one?


If you wonder where your Trump Trojan Troll Hide his Head all the time !
UNPRESIDENTED! Which picture? @realDonaldTrump @CNN
THIS ONE!
No Hun, you really do look like that ALL of the time.
They could make it up to us by running this pic of Melania. I hope White House tour groups don't jerk off inside!
@puppymnkey @realDonaldTrump @CNN From CLASS-Obama's, to TRASH-TrumpTRASHIAN! This will be our New Reality Show!
Class Obamas? Youve gotta be kidding. Have you seen that pig Michele Obama?
I see a disgusting pig who is supposed to be 1st lady. Classless.
So when you Melania's nude body you see an easy piece!
No, I see a beautiful woman confident in her femininity.
You're so vain.
... he probably thought that book was about him.
I feel like I'm on the Titanic
Get a job.
ok Russian egg.. 
Typical liberal response. Lazy. Should move 2 Cuba
you're boring.  Lol goodbye
Well you care eh! 
there is no such thing as a good picture of trump
mmmmm...I don't think so #TheResistance #NoFascistUSA #SpeakUpSpeakOut #NotMyPresident

and i thought  you looked the same morning noon and night but lil luminescent on halloween.
No, you're just ugly
Now the president elect is whining about a photo they used. Jesus. What a clown.
I don't have to abide by the rules of other people's religions. Sorry.
Yes, that might be true.
I care, so... FALSE
candy from a baby.
A big scary luminescent I must say.
@snyder777 @CNN #CNN is not your or our friend. They don't matter.
@Adorablemess2 @CNN Considering the source, probably not very complimentary.
#WeRejectedYou
It is irrelevant that CA alone, won her the popular vote. Especially after Oblowme encouraged illegal voting
except he didn't, and california alone didn't give her 65,8M votes
CA alone gave her the LEAD.  Don't be stupid.
And it's the mostly ignorant/uneducated middle of the country that won Drumph the EC. FACT.
that's not his name.  Never has been.  Jokes old and inaccurate.
WRONG. "Trump’s earliest known ancestor, the lawyer Hanns Drumpf, settled in Kallstadt in 1608."
Aww, I don't think it's *that* bad, @realDonaldTrump @CNN. It really captures your good side!
He's called all of these 'worst'. Maybe it's the subject?
here ya go Annie
Today’s important message from the Narcissist in Chief. @realDonaldTrump
@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race & victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
This is apparently the photo the Mirror-Gazer in Chief hates. Make sure not to retweet it! @realDonaldTrump
I'd have gone with:
you don't like it...strange, because it looks a lot like your official white house portrait!!
Looks like a lying PIG, perfect, exact match!
did they use this one?
idiot
this guy!
It's not @CNN ' s fault you need to go on a diet and excercise!
How's this one? My personal favorite!
your a child
you lost. Get over it.


Technically, it's a Democratic Republic 

@Republiicunts @realDonaldTrump @CNN
out of the 51 popular vote contests, he won 30, she won 21. Electoral landslide!
Hardly
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/dec/12/donald-trump/donald-trumps-electoral-college-victory-was-not-ma/ …
@Republiicunts @realDonaldTrump @CNN
Worst? Sorry to break it to you, but there's lots worse out there...
It makes me feel important Ryan
if anything, at least we know he'll waste my time replying to his tweets
what if I told you I'm tweeting with one hand and eating Oreos with the other...shoot
ha! That's what you look like.
notice to Twitler...there are no good photos of you.
give me a break. R U that insecure? It isn't what is on the outside that matters...it's the ugliness in the inside of you.
omg wtf ur literally a teenage girl
It dosen't matter I don't like CNN
But that's what you actually look like. Sad!
sure it's not spelled "unpresidented"?
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN Only person who cares what photo they used is you.
clearly we see where your priorities lie. All about how it looks, not what is contains
maybe you should stop making stupid expressions. Or just stop. Period.

Did Melania not give you enough attention last night?
Arnold will have Celebrity Apprentice ratings through the roof. He'll be tremendous. He'll be GOAT host! Can't wait!
Forget CNN and all enemies of great peaceful modern societies like US and Israel.
this one?
I like this one. It really brings out your.....Everything.

1. No photo of you is good. You look like the wrong end of a jacakass at any angle.
Actually Don, your Twitter profile photo is pretty bad too. Just so you know. Being that Twitter is how you rule...
. Maybe you should try reading it instead of just looking at the pictures.
You're so vain and fickle.
your so vain you probably think this book is about you
calls you racist but look at their prime time anchors 99% ALL WHITE! Rest are in graveyard shift! Diversity? My ASS!!!
You always leave yourself wide open,and you should after last year and a half...WORDS MATTER...
I love those photos of you, with your multiple chins and tiny hands!
WHO CARES YOU R SO FRIGGING UGLY NO WOMAN WOULD GET IN BED WITH YOU!!
Donald focus on getting ready to president!  Why are you even talking about this?! Seriously you're about to be POTUS
there is no good cover photo of old liars. Your true nature shines through.
More like #UNPRESIDENTED #chinsoffury #unfit #NotMyPresident #AntiTrump
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN I thought it was a tremendous photo of you:
probably used this one.
Don't worry about not being hot, they can just use a picture of @AlecBaldwin instead :) #problemsolved
you are right they should have use the one with the horns on your head
you always look good, no worries.
It's not the photo that's the issue, Donald. You are vile and broken from the inside, and the camera doesn't lie.
A "good" photo of you does not exist.
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN The only good photos of you are so old that nobody would recognize you.
there're reasons of earthquakes&tornadoes.This should be explored at1
Sorry, won't read, only trust #Breitbart.
it will fail

Ha! As if there is a good photo of you! #BenedictDonald #TraitortRump #tRumpisunfit #impeachtRump
Is there a good photo of you?
Awww don't be sad, there a lot worse photos of you
How about this one. Really portrays your personality 
Who cares! Move on. Do your homework and learn your job!
any of these?

They spelled unpresidented wrong.
Correct them. They meant "Unpresidented," right? lol smh
omg you sound like a teenager complaining about a bad bic
pic*
oh I guess we should all just bow down to trump since he's our supreme leader and all

all of Donald's photos are the worst.
is this really a major concern of yours Prez-elect?
really should have been titled "unpresidented". #youcantspellgood
It is time to move away from 140 character political pronouncements & attend briefings & put thought into policy.
Don't know why these liberals follow Trump! Just to harass & put up ugly comments I suppose.
this is why... #wewontbesilent #resist
#unpresidented
in your spare time
the guy who wrote it had a great interview. Said who you really are. Loved it. The truth hurts you.
Is it this pic?
If so, I can understand y u dont like it. every1 can see u R truely a PIG! Visual is everything right?
Was it this photo?
Should PEOTUS question GOP "priorities" on ethics while he is fretting over a bad picture on a book cover?

there are NO good photos of you.. truth hurts
What a moron. Trump obviously does not realize how fugly he is. He probably has a gilded mirror with mega filters LMAO
christ
#NarcissistInChief  this one?
@michaelianblack "Unprecedented": perfect, ironic title. Hope you don't give up on non-words like, "unpresidented."
He's one you might like. Displays your tiny hands and feet perfectly!!
You are such a narcissist,  pathological liar, and a MOY constantly tooting your own horn. Poor unloved creatin.
you don't have a good side so not much to work with
there is no good picture of you
And that sums up how shallow and narcissistic you are. So unfit to President its painful.
@Trump_World @CNN You connect 2 people like no one ever http://has.You  are who you are + that transparent connection won election
who cares?! The president should be worried about more important things than a cover photo! Grow up #TweeterinChief
Mr. President-Elect, you're just not all that photogenic - a euphemism for "you're an ugly man" #resist
Hate to burst your bubble Donald, but you really do look like that.
don't worry I think you look cute d.
unpresidented beauty, truly
Or maybe this one?
You will already publish books of yours & leave the most unpleasant pictures of them
This is what he thinks about? He's not worried that his book will be well received all he is worried about is his picture!
*Unpresidented sounds much better.
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN fragile AF
good way on commenting on worst election result ever
seriously! How much more vain can you be you tiny handed man?
are you sure its not titled, "unpresidented"....or is that the sequel when u get impeached?
The worst photo of you is still a million times better than a "good" photo of Hillary.
It is not a bad photo at all. :-)
#NOTworstcoverphoto #resist #TrumpisUNQUALIFIED #TrumpDiplomatRookie  Or this one, showing your nutty side?
unpresidented you mean right.....🖒
There are no good pictures of you though. Not sure what you expected. Umm and isn't it "unpresidented?" 
to be fair - you can't polish a turd.
should have had a picture of his ridiculous tiny hands
