Prior to a possible upset.
I notice heimlich Himmler grandson Michael Hayden was gleeming about his secret Government in the Basement allegedly with hitltlary.

LET HIS LOVE FALL UPON YOU
AND WITH FEARS POWER restore America
Yes that very good.
What I understand is since your DOJ has not complied with US Code that Mueller will have to answer some "investigation question from you Mr. President". I was told both Rod Session and Jeff Rosenstone have been on a few "Insurance meetings" prior to a possible
How's that hoax claim looking now?
Oh yea Donny, this didn't age well.  13 indictment and the stock market is down 5%?  #failing #failure #LiarInChief #unstable #UnfitForOffice
In your deluded world, Mr President, I assume you still believe that the Russian Influence is still FAKE NEWS? Time will tell - and perhaps expose YOUR collusion?
Russian Hoax? Hah, that is nothing more than an admission of treason.
Job numbers are continuation of the job increases under Obama. Chart 96 months of HIS work you inherit and take credit. Pathetic.  Obama's 1 yr Market increase%  Makes yours puny.   BTW, how much of the market rise is going into working people's pockets?  ZILCH!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to lo...
Obama and George H.W. Bush oversaw greater stock market expansion during their first six months in office.#WorstPresidentEver #ImpeachTrump
恭喜！
Thank you President @POTUS44 Obama for your leadership. Despite the fool in the WH now, your policies are still working for the American ppl
Thanks to our REAL President.   Thank You President OBAMA !!!!!  Next up, PRESIDENT BIDEN !!!
The russian story isn't a hoax, you are. Jobs have been good because of President Obama not you !!  you are the worst !
Thanks President Obama!!
You are so out of touch you can't even think about the fact the majority Americans don't own stock.what's for us? I'm sick
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpRussia
恭喜！
Our God is on your side. Be encouraged. 4 years America has time to correct herself. love&gratitude.
You realize it's all Obama till October, right?
Thank you president Trump it feels good to win again

Your a puke! 
Russian Hoax? R U 4 REAL? Mueller has enough EVIDENCE to convince a FEDERAL JUDGE TO OK A GRAND JURY! Judges DON"T do that without EVIDENCE!
Good for DT !!!
Well let's see.  Rich people need.poor.people  to stay rich.
K market in finland 1981
Get rid of McConnell  & Ryan, Schumer & Pelosi and the Obama leftovers. You are a great Leader don't become boxed in.
You can not compromise with evil or appease it.Just go forward.Make them insignificant you have to ask God for wisdom.MAGA
We love you & your family Fire that Mueller guy.Don't put yourself & other's thru this. The whole thing is a witch-hunt
Awesome!
It's definitely not because of you
Yes Thank You Obama!
I don't think we fully understand the reasons for the decisions the president of United States is making, but he wins again and again
Gotta be great reasoning behind every move POTUS makes BC he just wins, wins and wins.
Stop tweeting about the stock market it will fire back at you big time You will cause disaster by pumping markets. It will be used against u
Are those the same jobs number you said were all lies before you came into office?
So
It's not a hoax and you know it "little" Donnie.  Can't wait to see your butt out of the WH! Prison would be so sweet!
I know hoaxes!! especially on social media in it's best 2 refer 2 back-up sources!! Jobs ALWAYS key 4 ANY US prez admin!!
The stock market is at an all time high, because of you potus in the WH. You are genius! No russia in fake news WTG! you are fabulous MAGA!
Donald: YOU are the Russian hoax and your administration is a Russian attack upon American democracy. You'll be in PRISON SOON!
All people regardless of gender should be able to serve in the military. What kind of idiot wants less people to fight for us? Oh right...
Unless you're trans in the military, in which case your job numbers look terrible. #ProtectTransTroops
Yeah, sure. In spite of you. Get off of the golf course and do your job....
Best Jobs president God appointed!
Where are the job stats? What kind of a president doesnt even offer statistics to his country?
No it didn't you are fake news
Let's see some real changes please. Things are getting worse and I cannot watch my neighbours go through much more.
Hoax, boy are you reaching.  The reality is jail time for you and your ilk.
Impeach Trump 2017
#lame we were already on track. And why do you need to know if can pardon yourself. (300) @Carrier #failed45
Only a hoax in your little twisted mind.
Most of us could give a crap less about the stock market, we aren't as a whole in that income bracket.
It's all inflated and unsustainable enjoy while you can
Your son is a hoax too?
The stock market was at an all time high year after year before you came into office. Thank you Obama!!
Hey You Were iu you underwear
Thanks Obama!
Why are you requesting FOREIGN WORKERS, when there are so many UNEMPLOYED AMERICANS?
Great job mr president.
Yep they are demented and fooled, russ story is not a hoax, and you had  nothing to do with the job numbers you refuse to believe in anyway.
Your amazing Mr President!!! Keep up the GREAT WORK!!!!
Correction. Despite Russian story. You added a fake news word
Dont take claim for the stocks going up. Seriously dont
The US dollar has been losing value since January 2017.
Thanks Obama.
Why won't u come clean on your ties 2 Russia? How much money have u borrowed from Russians?
I'm sure the top 1 percenters are very happy about the stock market. What about the rest of us?
Seen any uneducated coal miners get hired? I didn't think so. Remember you are supposed to be working for ALL the people
#FakeNews Mr President please consider making "WE'RE NOT GONNA TAKE IT" by Twisted Sister ur theme song, at all future rallies!
Directed at fake news, Dems and Mueller , of course.
Russian Hoax? FAKE TWEET!
You go Mr. President!!!
Of course they are. You've applied for all those "extra" employees at Mar a Lago and Jupiter now haven't you? Too bad they're not American's
Mr President! What a great journalsim. You are a good reporter 
https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ  https://goo.gl/n3i5cE  https://goo.gl/hV1U34 
All intel agencies say Russia hacked & interfered. You say no. Do you really want to cross the spooks? Or R U more afraid of other bad guys?
Tell that to the people over at #Carrier who feel the con, comrade. #lied
Job numbers look worse than your mop of a hairdo. Just stop FFS!
You must be on dope!!!!
Ur making America great again.. I knew u could do it
You are doing an outstanding job! I am so proud to have you as my President! Thank You! Don't let the haters bother you! Keep doing you!
Every word out of your mouth is a LIE 
Loving you Mr President. Please hang in there. We really really need you!!
No we don't need this sexual predator, LAWLESS Criminal. Take him to your house & worship him
You are a nutcase.  Hey what did you find out about about pardoning yourself and your family of vampires? No one else will traitorump!
M
If it were a 'hoax' you wouldn't mention it 10 times a day-
It was down 46 points!
Are these the jobs numbers you discredited during the campaign?  Is unemployment down to 25% yet?

How much did you receive from Dmitri Rybolovlev?
You are a liar
But the investigation into you your crooked family and just as crooked administration continues so it is going good Mr fake president
"Despite the Russian" story? Or BECAUSE of it? Say your goodbyes and get it over with. It's time for the country to move on.
#FakePresident
This is good news about the jobs. Instead of these leftists and Dems being happy for fellow Americans, they can't. Too busy angry you won
No hoax, but you're a joke. Nice babble on healthcare. Just word jumble. Thank Obama for job numbers. You've done zilch, but laughable.
Can you really call it a hoax when there is evidence of #collusion? Please resign and save us the trouble of #impeachment.
You're a Hoax of a President
The reason why jobs are so high is because people need money to leave America
stockmarkets all over the world were up   you have jack shit to do with it
you're fired!
Job numbers are due to President Obama, not you.  Thank you Obama!
Da Comrade Drumph! #PutinsPuppet
Job numbers are good???? I know a family and three females from that family all with Master's degree are working as temps.
would you mind telling us what those numbers are ?
The etoro trading platform that claims that you are using, is that fact from what I read about.
Very interested in it.
Despite you, nimrod.  You and Russia are a team and your team is LOOSING!LOOSING!LOOSING!
#COVEFE FOR LIFE
J
Hoax!! Really! Then why don't you produce your tax records and put this to bed!!
Nothing to do with you sir. You can thank obama
Good for you.  You are making more money.
Black unemployment  at 7.1%.  Good job.
Thank you @BarackObama
You are watching too much Fox.
Things have a different feel to them ! It's a Great Feeling! Making America Great Again, that is!
Jobs look good in Michigan. #maga
yes jobs being sent to mexico and you gave the owners of the plant millions
What hoax?
Job numbers not looking good, except for the illegals you brought in to help the farmers... Everything out of your mouth is fake news.

You can thank Obama for that. You have done NOTHING in 7 months. It takes a yr - yr and a half for anything you did to show results.
#ThanksObama
If u mean good, do you mean those going 2 Mexico and China after u "made the deal" for them to stay? Or just @IvankaTrump workers overseas?
oh... also... "Hoax" = "I'm lying" or "I'm covering something up."   History will show me to be true :)
IT IS SWEET!!!!!
It's all about who is best to control our country and it's not Donald Duck !!!!
Donald It's fake news when it's about you or your family ,but when it's about Hillary then it's the gospel . PLEASE !!
Donald you haven't been in office long enough to take credit for anything that is good happening here in America !!!
Job #'s were better during Obama's last 4 years
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH, YOUR BUSINESSES SHOULD STOP OUT-SOURCING JOBS !!!
your son proved that the Russian Hoax is actually a real thing and y'all suck.
@realDonaldTrump
Riding the tail of your predecessor.  If you claim this job growth then you will claim the upcoming recession too.  We'll hold u accountable
It's not because of you Donald . The market is where it is because of president Obama !!!   Let's keep it REAL !!!!
Russia is no hoax, and what have you personally done to drive the stock market up?
God bless
All of which (except Russian collusion) you can attribute to your predecessor. Just wait till your policies start to kick in before gloating
No hoax, puppet.
Doesn't help 90% of us , shit-for-brains 
I guess it's nice if you have stocks and you weren't wiped out
Poor idea
So glad we finally have a President in office TCB!
Did Jr know it was a hoax? Good news about the job market as you'll be in that queue soon.
Thanks Obama.
Fake News!
obviously its no hoax as your son proved it was real the hoax is you
Thanks Obama !
