Your the one who colluded with the Russian comrade.
FAKE NEWS!
Special prosecutor Muller is coming for you. Your plan dominating us didn’t work.
We can't wait to see your pee pee tape...it will be your golden moment...and it will seal your fate #hangthetraitor
We already know that it was initiated by GOP candidate and research picked up by Dems and FBI - what's your point, donnie liddle hands?
Isn’t there an old tweet out there by DT saying pleading the fifth is an admission of guilt? I think I remember that.
Many of those clips floating around.
Found an article:
Well we know it wasn't you , you tend to grow alligator arms when the check comes.
It’s getting closer to Mueller Time!
All
You could piss on the floor and it would manage to write out something stupid. I hope they make you try on gloves like OJ. #liddlehands
#FakeMelania

Trump your lame game of tweet storming false accusations when ur administration becomes mired in its own muck of screw ups is tiresome.
scared? you should be
Panicking much?  All this deflection and rants  spell trouble for YOU
Yes.
We the people paid for it in hopes of getting rid of you.
They must be getting closer.
and how many "Republicans" were involved with the Dossier?
Or you?
More deflection? wrong Way!
It is not discredited ! In fact looks like all true. You must be worried to bring it up. GUILTY
Please step down and put Kelly in your place. He is what a president should be.
This is not a good look for you. This is a level of unprecedented nonsense.
You are going to jail. #trumpmustgo
Can't wait for Russians to release the pee-pee tape!!!!!
When will you are going to stop whining on twitter and heard to California and check on those peoples who loss everything.
Stop acting like you don't know.
Your fear of the dossier is particularly interesting. As are the allegations of sexual assault against you, your refusal 2 release tax docs,
Hillary Clinton, and your inability to keep people on your staff.... You are not fit to be president and the proof is all there.
You can't apologize. No heart. Incapable sympathy or caring. Changing the discussion again?
You sound paranoid. It will all come out in the investigation remember you said there's no truth to it so you should have no worries. Right?
Take notes, I'm guessing you will be invoking your 5th amendment rights soon when Congress starts your impeachment. #OurPresidentIsAMoron
Initially the GOP 
How about yo momma
Who is paying for your defense in regard to the investigations into your possible collusion and obstruction?
Funny how u call it a fake dossier, when thus far, everything they've reviewed in it has been substantiated & corroborated, and nothing looked into thus far has been proven false.
Except for it saying people were in countries they've never stepped foot in. It's actually verifiably false. Total opposite of what you said.
Try again. Clearly you got that from @FoxNews
No. It was reported everywhere. Why do you think BuzzFeed is suing the DNC? BuzzFeed published the dossier which had lies in it. They're in trouble now. The souce of the dossier was the DNC/HRC campaign, so BuzzFeed is suing them. Don't you know?
Try again...
NEW:  Sources tell us that Mueller has evidence Cohen was in Prague in 2016, confirming part of the dossier http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/white-house/article208870264.html …
A Rebublican paid for part, a Democrat paid for part. What matters is the content which was corroborated by at least 5 US Intel agencies.
Check.
No one can admit what they’ve done, because it’s illegal and against their own guidelines that Lyin Loretta & Clapper signed for spying (on you and your team). 

Motivation was political:

You know it.
I know it.
Everybody knows it.
And we know it up here in 
John McCain and Mitt. But you already know that.
Btw We are still no tired of winning! We want more. #maga
#draintheswamp
#AwanBrothers
The GOP paid for it. YOUR "party."
I think the Dems Mr. PRESIDENT! IT DOESN'T MATTER, THE TRUTH IS OUT! WE BELIEVED IN YOU FROM THE START!!
State the facts dude ... if you spent as much time on twitter on the country we might get somewhere , sorry I voted for you
Twitter is the safest thing he can do really.
Calling a fellow politician wacky a couple days ago is hardly safe
Point is that more he tweets less he does that has meaning.  His tweets are smoke/misdirection/taunts.  But you all pay them mind.
He is just digging his own grave
Really?  Given the political mobilization of the left half of the bell curve I beg to differ.
Cohen is taking the 5th.
After many months, the real facts to uncover, who all is involved in the fake dossier, and who all is part of the soft coup to undermine D Trump? Fear of discovery as the rats sit on both aisles, and at DOJ and at home in NY w hundreds of millions in net worth
When did that happen?
IT DID NOT BUT YOUR LAWYER JUST DID
Michael Cohen says he will take the fifth.....who's paying for it...Trump, Hannity,  Putin...maybe all 3??
Thank you Mr President for loving your country so much! I am a proud supporter of yours and this week has changed history. Don't stop tweets

You won't see Hilary in an orange jumpsuit....but you will see Donnie Little Hands in one!
Right—It is not complicated... it is basic, the only thing the Country need to know:

Who...Paid for a “Fake” Report Taken to Court to obtain a Spying order? 

Answer: Democrat Party and Political opponent!
Dirty Democrats—
WRONG- the GOP initiated it. Pay attention
Crooked Hillary
Follow the money. if the Clinton Foundation paid it used stolen funds.
Good point
#FakeDossier 
Waiting for additional SANCTIONS on Russia for meddling in election.

Will it only count "when" they work in favor Dems?
Ramblings of a paranoid old man who knows he is going to be exposed in front of the eyes of the world
I’ll take door no. 3.
Go Trump!!
-This is a JOKE as you are!
Don't matter librals can't and will not ever get in trouble sad
All of them
So if it's all fake, then why don't you let them investigate it?

I mean makes sense to let them finish the investigation if you're innocent
Why do we keep believing in his dumb lies.I don't know why you people always fall for stupid lies. Come on American wake up to reality.
Putin's puppet is the fake president
Mueller & team no longer necessary - drain on taxpayers; he benefits 2x - during sale & now after the sale. @TheJusticeDept prosecute now
YOU CAN ONLY TAKE THE 5TH IF THERE CAN BE CRIMINAL CHARGES!  WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU???
Noo
Trump and the Dossier 13 year old girl raped and beaten golden showers
Can't wait to see the pee pee video starring donnie tiny hands
the FAKE #dirtydossier was paid for by @DNC @hillaryclinton and shopped and promoted by @senjohnmccain
Yep
Trump is an idiot.
@CillizzaCNN wait, uh oh...Clinton campaign, DNC helped fund research that led to salacious Trump dossier http://fxn.ws/2yH70LJ  #FoxNews
You need to set ex and take out the HRC/OBAMA ADMINISTRATION
You will never become a dictator in our country. There are so many ways to stop you. Congress, the courts and an angry electorate at the ballot box. It is hard to overstate how mean spirited, small minded, and thin skinned you are. Mueller will get you.
You have avoided prosecution on your many lifetime of crimes, but the fat lady will soon sing, and you will be televised doing the perp walk
I guess we now know the answer to that question .. ALL
I read that it was your Republican opponents.
Doesn't matter who paid for it, what matters is what's in it pee pee head!
You mean not unlike your original NSA?
You're  paranoid lazy liar.
U R GOING DOWN TRUMP. THE WORST POTUS EVER !!! SOB
Trumpadamus?

Now that's a good question. Just follow that money. Get all the records.
ALL!!!! time to dismiss John McCain for 
Hiding this from the public he is treason
You are one sick puppy.
I don't care who paid for it--I just want to see it!
paying for background research done by a law firm or pub firm is legal.  Your people meeting with Russians for same is.
FIRE MUELLER AND HIS TEAM, McCABE AND ROSENSTEIN, STAT// CLEAN HOUSE///
Any or all: curse'emall!
Just get the NSA info on it. You know how to hang them all.
U r nice man
You can't be believed OR trusted #FraudPresident #TrumpSoHo #Bayrock infusions of money from Russia! #SaterMobTies
Love this!!  WINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Does it matter who paid for the dossier - if it gets you out of the White House I say thank you!
All of them Mr. President.
Comey
Hillary
DNC
Obama
Holder
Rosenstein
Mueller
Steele
Rice
B. Clinton
Lynch
#MSM
#DrainTheSwamp 
#ImWithYou
Sir, don’t ignore the possibility that John Brennan might be involved in it....
There is something that stinks at DOJ and is smells worse every day
Or you to make it go away?  Huh
Of course they did
Whole truth nothing but the truth  Repubs started Dems pick it up
Can you form a sentence without using the word " FAKE " ?
Fake question.
Expect any thing
@SenJohnMcCain did.
All....especially ALL OF THE RUSSIANS
PURE IDIOT #enjoyYourPrisonCell
SUCH SHAMEFUL ACCUSATIONS!  You and your regime have stolen the pride in our country.  Americans have lost their voices. Gansters all of you
Yes to hide the FBI and Obama Admin spying.
You know either Russia or conservatives paid for it!   Fake tweets.   Sad.
Great point Jacob, just leave Trump alone, he is great, my IRA and PT business is doing great with Trump, I love this country again, fire and throw out Obama hangers on , Clinton crime family supporters and please fire Mueller immediately. MAGA
Or McCain
O now the Constitution is needed. I thought the lefts hated all it stands for but now it's a great document? Interesting
So, are we going to get all their bank records?
America is tired of the fake president who thinks he's the king as well as his propagandists and ass-kissers ...
Actually Rubio started paying for it. After the primaries HRC picked it up.
The Bush family.

Leave it to #democrats to call a complete political fabrication, #Oppositionresearch …propaganda filed under legal fees? #FusionGPS #FEC
Will #Obama officials still deny usin #NationalSecurity as cover fo spying on #politicalopponents? #WatergateOnSteroids #BIGGERthanWaterGate
Much of the Dossier has been verified as fact. You saying it was discredited doesn’t make it so.
Sessions need to appoint Special PROSECUTOR
As so much of it is true, we want to know how much #Putin is paying YOU.
But Mr. President you’re 100% innocent. You are innocent aren’t you? The only folks who are worried are the guilty folks. Not you, right?
And I say DNC and Clinton’s owe America for a refund money wasted on this investigation and any money those who worked on it and knew that is was should also have to give back their money earned
Republicans desperately pretending they didn't fund Trump-Russia Steele dossier before Clinton
We can see you sweat.
I like u
Who paid for it?  Well, this is awkward ....

NEW: Devin Nunes' Campaign Donor Was Original Funder Of Trump-Russia Dossier
All
Prob all coordinated by Comey and his brother both Hillary lackeys. Both were paid by Clinton. Brother arranged her donations from Boeing
Clinton Foundation
Amen Mr. President @realDonaldTrump! Gastroparesis Warrior Jesse Nuckolls alawys supports you!
Wow. You need to stop this.
Try Clinton herself & the DNC.
You tell them, Mr. President!
You are the ONLY one discredited in all this mess!
Probably all of them are involved one way or another.
Remember when the FBI was a respected institution? Democrat Liberal Rot and Corruption.
Yep
Likely ALL...
Is that the dossier documenting your pee party with Russian prostitutes?  Who paid for the clean up?  Hope you tipped well.
I guess HRC & BO direct the FBI, the FBI pays Fusion, Fusion pays British agent and agent pays Russia. FBI became the swamp under BO

Sick ..
My understanding was crooked Hillary and DNC payer for it I thought that's the reason DNC is still broke which they bought on themselves all I can say
Any Time Trump Denies Something, you know it's true!  What a looser
Once again you were right.

The dossier's contents have not been "discredited". As for who paid for it, we already know: Repubs, then Dems, & then Fusion. Not news.
Humpty trumpty will fall off his wall, and your horses and men will leave the scene..
The RNC did Why do we have such a loser in the WH? YES I MEAN YOU the BIGGEST LOSER in this country. Can't you just retire
Fake news
They'll all line up & take the 5th. At some point we have to decide which we're giving immunity.
You need to go check your stocks then come back & tell us how good your are 
As the investigation have stated there are confirmations that at least parts of the "Dossier" are true....beats you.
Yo orange President guy, the piss tapes leaked. We can all see you like doing pee things with Russian whores. Tell Bannon!
We the people demand answers to the questions re: Russia, ties to Russia, WHY hire Manafort? Sater? A web of deceit
about coming to terms with your emotional instability. You can begin to own it, or it will continue to own you. Wo
Do you even know? Doesn’t sound like it
Don’t forget the talking fridge in the White House kitchen, or the little green men hiding under your window sill, you delusional imbecile.
You know who else has taken the 5th, Flynn, Page, Manafort, Sessions, your son.
Oh Mr. Liar-in-Chief, you know it was a Republican who started this:
I did but it wouldn't go
You screwed up ROYALLY firing Comey & calling him a nut job, meeting KISLYAK... Did you REALLY THINK the FBI would stop after that fiasco?
https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/4163402/Papadopoulos-Statement-Offense.pdf …
When you're giving Putin a #maga,
look at the date!
The Dems. The FBI already had the intel. The Russians already knew about what was in the dossier, so they didn't pay 4 it.
Dems for sure.
bullshit you did , that's why you won't show your TAXES!!!
@RogerDodger426 where is Sessions. New revelations demand that HRC, Obama, Holder, Mueller, Rosenstein, Comey investigated
Sure Jeff.
Hannity, Sara Carter and John Solomon have uncovered unmasking, fusion GPS, Uranium One, Hillary, up to the memo. We haven't seen any firings, arrest, no action from Wray or Sessions. Strzok and Page still employed. What is going on? #FireThemAll #TakeSomeActionPlease #Corruption
you are paying for an A/G and a DOJ that just aint hunting so stop wasting the taxpayer dollar and start clearing house get this swamp drained
Afraid of the Russian mob Trumpy? I think you owe some favors or they will take care of business their way!
Keep asking questions. Turn over every rock. Check emails and texts.  Drain the swamp.
You'll find out who paid for it at your impeachment trial. Maybe there will be a golf course at the white collar prison you'll be going to.
Not happening
Facts are facts. Paid for more pee hookers recently?
