exposed
Falwell is a wonderfully accomplished fabricator.  He should fit in well at the WH.
@JerryFalwellJr  gets it just like 60+ million others! #MAGA
@JerryFalwellJr Is amazing @POTUS
It amazes me how much you watch fake news if you think it's fake.
Thank you Mr. Trump! There are millions who support you and thankfully still have common sense.
Announce the Wall tomorrow in Arizona, Mr President!
Jerry Falwell anything ...Please
You have a lot of the devils disciples speaking for you.
Thank God Fox & Friends haven't been taken over by the Hitler-style dictator media.  Shepherd Smith could learn a few things from them!
You have one friend in America, Jerry.  Better get it together. CEO's & businesses from MARALARGO dropping like flies
More DOG WHISTLES
They are about to take their honorary degree back! Guess they really are sort of fantastic!
Jerry Falwell has managed to turn himself into a joke! His reputation is damaged & he has no credibility at all.
"America first" - Donald Trump (POTUS 2017)
"Deutschland den Deutschen" - Adolf Hitler (Diktator 1936)
SIMPLE
Turn off the tv and start being a leader
“that’s too bad.”
trump is truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE truly VILE
Jerry Falwell is another lying monster.
Lol why do you care so much about news media? Obama just did his job and didn't pay attention to all the racist remarks.
Humm ... define "fantastic." 
Jerry Falwell Jr fake man of God!!!! Mr Falwell I think you need to actually read the Bible and stop making crap up.
You do realize that Jerry Falwell is a #FakeChristian. He had abdicated any moral ground by supporting your racist, bigoted, little mind.
Don't escalate the war in Afghanistan, bring our troops home. Resign you're incompetent.
Just like you, Falwell is a joke and a phony!
I knew his old man.  That scam fruit doesn't fall far from the conartist tree.
Fake university! Fake minister! Worse then Trump U! Fox is a loser ratings down for backing you. Impeachment soon so you can golf more.
That's the problem #FakeNews doesn't listen to anything, they just make it up as they go.
YOU SUCK!!

THANK YOU
Even your religious base is leaving you. Many are finally realizing you are not a Christian man & you have no morals nor any good values.
Jerry Falwell is a joke!
Wow! No way you can be a Christian and think @JerryFalwellJr is fantastic!
After a couple of relatively 'good days' the old tRump is back!!  ... and still stupid
ah yes pivot to jesus
Why do you only say nice things about fuckboys?
You keep spelling #FakeNews wrong. It's spelled #FoxNews. #DontheCon #resign #impeach
Jerry Falwell=Fake Christian. He's a disgrace. Defending Trump, Naxis, KKK. Sick!
How are you going to pay for Secret Service? You and Javanka blew through all our money.
Because the #FakePresident says so!!
You have no friends. 

Everyone hates you. 

You're terrible at your job. 

Just resign. 

#TrumpResign
Steve stop sugar coating things 
He's a nutjob just like you. Nobody believes you. Nobody is afraid of you. Nobody wants to be allied with you. Nobody thinks you're smart.
No one should listen to Jerry Falwell. He calls himself a Christian, but is full of bigotry and hate.  Which explains why you like him.
You keep spouting about #fakenews and how people are treating you poorly. Boo hoo you weak old fart. Grow up and act sane.
You can't keep the wool pulled over everyone's eyes forever. They will see the weak pathetic little man you truly are soon enough.
You can't handle being the president. Hell you can't even tell the difference between heel and heal. Resign before you ruin us farther
The time is right for you to just step down. Go back to your tower and stop wasting our tax money. Just resign already and #MAGA
I know you can't handle all the pressure I can see you are gaining weight and looking older everyday.
The stress eating alone might put your health at risk. So resign and cut back on the ice cream. Your body will thank you and so will I
"That's too bad", said the President after hearing about 10 missing and 5 wounded soldiers after the collision of the #USSJohnSMcCain .
Since have no compassion or empathy unless it directly benefits you, I'll say it.
To the wounded and missing and their families, my thoughts and prayers are with you.
Oh!  And one more thing---

You are inept.

#TrumpResign




Wow, pick me a winner!



Did you really think blocking me would get rid of me? If you try and rid yourself of a spirit it will only haunt you more.
Hey everyone take a look at the big baby. 
You are so pathetically insecure. Thing is we're smarter than you. That's why you're gonna lose.
I mean how pathetic is it that you paid people to come to your campaign rallies?
PROOF  http://eqs.fec.gov/eqsdocsMUR/17044405316.pdf …
You're still doing it apparently. Check out this add you put up saying you'll pay for minorities to show up at your rally in Phoenix AZ.
Your twitter following is also fake. Remember this minority you so proudly retweeted. Yeah she's fake. Her pic is from a online website.
You know what's not fake? The fact that blocking me is illegal. But again we're smarter than you & we're motivated.
http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2017/07/28/federal_court_rules_public_officials_cannot_block_social_media_users.html …
The "Fake News" did listen to him
He was on @FoxandFriends
@FoxandFriends is the home of fake news
Yes
And now for our regularly scheduled Duck Bot.....

I love this...i hate Jesus ducks biblical rantings
there's a jesus duck? This baby yawned right as the pic was taken
The tweeter Alexander Hamilton must have a tweeter little peter lol really man nothing better to do
God and I are with you 100% President Trump!!! We are grateful you are our Brave and Fearless leader!
G/Day Mr President, Art Baines  INFIDEL RESISTANCE OF AUSTRALIA 3. U are the best person in that seat for your people. Your the best. But why no mention of Planet X ? Please no bullshit. When will you tell our people.They don't believe me. Your friend Art B  IROA3:-)
Jerry Fart-well
I don't understand why fake news doesn't have any Respect for you your trying to make life better for everyone.
初めまして(*'▽'*)フォローありがとうござます私もコブクロ大好きで、良く蕾聴いていますヨロシクお願いします
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. ...
. He just confirmed that you are a racist and at heart a true Nazi.
Crazy
No thanks, televangelist give me the diarrhea
Falwell makes money off of religion. Fake religion.
Bahahahhaha Falwell bahahhahahahahha
Please take a look at the people that you support.
@fox and friends
FoxandFriends are FAKE MEDIA!
Graduates of Liberty University are sending their diploma's back. They are ashamed of his support of #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
#ResignTrump
We love him too Mr. President!!
Thank you.
Do you watch anything besides Faux and Friends? Fake News! Sad! How about taking an Intel Briefing and learning to read long sentences.
I don't watch Fox anything. They are the true fake news. State news. Like Russia's.
#FoxNewsFakeNews
ANOTHER GUY WHO'D BE ASLEEP ON A PARK BENCH IF IT WASN'T FOR DADDY. JUST LIKE YOU.
Falwell is  a FAKE  Christian. Jut like you are a FAKE, president...
You watch Falwell? No wonder you're dementia is getting  worse! Turn that shirt off!
 Jerry Falwell knows that God put President Trump in office & He will help him succeed !!
Wrong
Your the fake & a liar on top of it
Jerry Farwell fantastic what a joke you wouldn't know what fantastic or great is based on your poor proformance to date
THE Jerry Falwell that got with hookers? The Jerry Falwell that was taking over the PTL when Jim Bakker sexxed up his secretary? That guy?
Your the fake news!!!
Go!!! Expose the FAKE NEWS and LYING MAINSTREAM MEDIA! We love you!  - ALL us true Americans!
No one else gives a crap what Jerry Falwell has to say except for you and jackasses at Fox.  The alumni are horrified by his actions.
Must be why so many diplomas were returned. #americansarenotstupid
Jerry Falwell, seriously? You are pathetic man.
Why listen to Falwell? Because he doesn't call you out, and tries to defend the indefensible. When "YOU" say fake news I listen to them.
You shall be known by the company you keep.
Why are people returning their diplomas?
When will you people get it through your head is an idiot who only wants presidency because he wants to be adored nothing to do with us
Jerry is another fake peacher that uses gods name to fatten his pocket
Jerry Falwell is a FAKE CHRISTIAN. He uses Jesus to manipulate and steal from the poor. He lies & twists the words of the Bible for his own.
Let me guess: he kissed 45's ass and stroked his fragile ego...right? #45MustGo
Fox News is fake news. Jesus.
Actually, let me rephrase that, talk shows are not news, pundits are not news. It's not the job of the *news* to say how great you are.
Religion abused as governmental control measure again? This is good? Said the opportunist about neoliberalism...
Falwell is a rip off artist.  No wonder you like him. No man of God should act like him. Ask the Pope!
Fake news doesn't like to hear the truth!
Please Mr. President,  pardon Sheriff Arapaio
Mr President watching CNN is like watching WWW wrestling, you know it's fake but you can't stop watching!

if u called everyone fake u are fake trump honor and the father.
You are the fake pretending to care about our country.  Only the far right support you in this country! And of course Putin supports you
No thanks, we do not listen to propoganda from a dictator wannabe.
Amen
Liberty is as fake as Trump University!!

You made him lose all credibility
He is a phoney just like fox news and of course you. A fake president.
PLEASE RESIGN!
Why should the Media listen to a fake preacher about a fake president? They are smarter than that...and so are we!
#FakeChristian #FakeUniversity
The more you whine fake news the lower your numbers go. YOU are a divider not a uniter. Losing the country to ur OLD MAN ways. #TrumpResign
Oh look you have 36 million followers and ONLY 78K likes on tweet. What does that tell ya?
Accredited: (of a person, organization, or course of study) officially recognized or authorized. Liberty University: not accredited
Faux News. The daily stroking of the donald.
Guess DJT is talking about Fox & Breitbart. When I ask for something fake on the other News Media no one can come up with one anything.
Proof that DJT is a pathological liar and only an idiot would believe him. No leaders from other Countries do, or any intelligent person.
Really, you listen to him? No wonder your views are all screwed up!
You are pathetic  .....
Trump you wacko, you're hilarious 
You Jerry Falwell is dead, Jerry Farwell JR is alive.
Wonder if Jerry Falwell Jr. Has a porn studio like daddy did?
Unhinged deranged... always screaming your run foil hat bullshit.   You're an embarrassing man-baby.
The only reason you support Falwell is because con artists should stick together.  Ahh...the words of wit from a twit. Hypocrite in Chief.
Are you saying @foxandfriends should listen?
Who? Gives a shit what Falwell has to say on Fox?
There is no Fake News when we see your lips move and here your words.America is watching 
A nation turned it's back and gagged.
Jerry Falwell is a con man and crook. You would like him.
He's such a good Christian man, just like you. *sarcasm*
I guess a lying hypocrite takes one to really know one..? #Pathetic

#nochance the #TREASONOUS #LIARINCHIEF #bigot makes a #FullTerm #RESIST
No more tax breaks for religion backing political parties.
Liberty "University".
Not even if he was the last man on Earth!
Jerry is a batshit crazy old asshole who's own family cringes when he talks. Not exactly a fan to brag about having. Sad!
As fake president you should know. Resign.
You mean the hypocrite who owns the flop house full of orgies and prostitutes in Florida?  Or am I confusing his place with Mar-a-Lago?
Jerry Farwell will answer 2 a much Higher Source than @foxandfriends & @realDonaldTrump 4 his Failure 2speak Truthfully abt GODS LOVE 4 ALL!
No, the Fake News did listen as they broadcast what Falwell had to say. You mentioned that he was on Fox & Friends, did you not, Mr. Trump?

Jerry Falwell.
AAAAAAhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Right because you are the epitome of a "good Christian" Listening to u spouting about "ur religion" reaffirms I made the right choice.
It's hypocrites like u I should thank you for hourly reaffirming I made the right choice of leaving organized staunch Christianity.
Then why are their graduates returning their fake degrees. You suck. Resign now!
Please, please go away. Please 
Bring back Flynn, Higgins and Bannon. They ud Islam and will devise a coherent strategy
One wacko complementing another. How rich.
@foxandfriends ARE Fake News.
Fox IS the fake news, silly!  You got it twisted and keep tweeting that lie to try to fool your followers.
You mean Jerry Falwell from that fake university?
The fake news come out of your mouth.
Jerry Falwell, the guy from the '80s? Hehee really
Anyone u endorse is bad. So sad. No respect for u like Obama. #Impeach #imprison #buffoon #Resign
Impeach
THEY WANT TO TAKE DOWN STATUED OF ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE CONFEDERCY.THEY WILL WANT WASHINGTON,COLUMBUS AND ALL OTHER PEOPLE NOT CONNECTED
Fox = fake news...
I think I will pass on listening to Jerry Falwell.  Perhaps you should, too?
Do you think The Donald talks to his family like this?

http://mypartnertest.com/trumpsaidwat.php …

#IvankaTrump #MELANIATRUMP #JaredKushner
"AIDS is the wrath of a just God against homosexuals." Fallwell
Both you and Falwell Jr are racists who should leave the country forever. Resign or watch Mueller put Don Jr and Jared in prison #maga
I don't know. Looks as if Liberty may have as many unhappy grads as Trump U.
Idiot...He is a FAKE CHRISTIAN.PLEASE RESIGN.

His father would be ashamed of him.
Separation of church and state.
@realDonaldTrump is a #LiarLiarPantsonFire! #LiarLiarPantsonFire!#LiarLiarPantsonFire! #LiarLiarPantsonFire!#LiarLiarPantsonFire!
Thank you mr. President for all that you are doing to bring our country back into Unity! You are a blessing God keep you safe
Correction. Epstein

Save AMERICA vote Against the GOP 2018,2020 and don't forget the Russia Connection RESIST
He said he supports a pussy-grabbing white-supremacist sympathizer who discriminated against blacks in his housing projects. #notachristian
Keep up the fight #MAGA
Respectfully you would not be able to recognize real news if it bit you in A$&&. Y
Really? Could you possibly align yourself with more corrupt, self-serving people? I am always amazed at your judgement. #POTUS  #Democrats
Thank god the alumni at Liberty University knows a racist when they see one.
What about your university? Oh i forgot that was a #fakeuniversity
Falwell is almost as bad as you.
