Yes sir, you’re our only hope. Thank you for everything you have done so far, greatly appreciated.
Clearly you have an actual thinking adult writing your tweets this morning. We can tell because of the complete sentences.
So why not provide health insurance for all?
@ctrm045 MY POTUS is a very wise man!
Great. Let’s join hands in Paris climate agreement too . This wd also protects human life . Isn’t it @POTUS @FLOTUS  ?
Practice what you preach, Bubbette
#praytoendabortion
We will be once the borders close and deportation begins.
Says the man who #leaks top secret intel endangering us all,yet condemns leaks that uncover his own lies&hypocrisy #liability #ImpeachTrump
Booooooo! Peace sucks! Everything you want is shit!!!!
Except Muslims and Mexicans. Right?
All nations should come to respect our sovereignty when we haven’t done so for any country since WW2? nationalism or world peace? Pick one.
TRUMP is NOT a racecist all you anti-Trump are morons
I agree  we all have to except things we can't change and live with the history. Live in peace
By denying healthcare to the poor? How, exactly.... oh, wait... you are just talking and making more fake stuff for fox to broadcast. Duh.
You should quit then.
Comey has been dirty since WHITEWATER when he let hrc skate Dirty ole gang
Connection Connections for decades https://t.co/43TYsuveOR?ssr=true
Sir you should propose annually reducing by 1,000 US,Troops from Europe until all NATO members are caught up
Are you kidding? So Putin is free to rebuild the Soviet Union? No ty, put our absurdly large defense budget to use...
When everybody is holding a trigger for nuclear weapons, and America trying to police the world, there will never be true safety or peace.
Do you find your ignorance blissful?
I find your gullibility amusing and scary,I mean how can anybody be so sandbagged.
Whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you mentality are you a SJW?Look in the mirror lmao! 
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety an...
The dogs trained by CNN think it does not sound like you. Somehow they feel safer when Jihadis rape and kill
#ImpeachTrump

freedom for biafra
say no to the muslin。
in tv sation amizon etc gest me
Watch out for the swamp creatures president Trump
Keep up the good work president Trump from Main Street Patriots
Really?
This montage of Trump yearning for the "good ole' days" in @AVAETC's searing documentary "13th" is just devastating: 
Am a black guy and am proudly a hug trump supporter.. deal with it
What does this have to do with you being Black?? You're still need to take care of that #Islamophobia issue..
I think ur tipsy that's a reply to a video about Donald trump. Receive some sense.. Proud deplorable here .. deal with it
OMG the most hypocritical tweet EVER ! Why the hell did you withdraw from the Paris Accord which protects human life and provides safety
what would the senator do if he didn't have the greatest healthcare in the nation? HE would die that's what!
Go night night
America, "your solution for terrarium" simple "stop the press from reporting it" fame is there game, only solution, the press promotes it.
Truth is known now, Tettarium sale media , media sale advertising, "price"innocent children, women and men die, this will end soon.
Trump is right,  our press is our worst enemy the blood lies there.
will believe anything they are told or see. Fact: Believe 1/2 of what u see, 1/2 of what u hear, and research the rest = truth most of time.
Isis.  If there is not more education in how to do research, and homework there will be more non informed kids who will listen to anything &
U need to remember, it starts in our homes and in schools.  If there is not a safe learning environments there will be more Al Caidas, more
Please sir, make this one of your priorities as the President of a great country.
You found out who the  leader was, reason enough to fire him. And have Sessions charge him.
Who wrote this?  It's definitely not your authentic voice!! Way too chill. You're a rage-aholic man-baby!
What about people here being attacked by your supporters?
Since birth control lowers the abortion rate Im sure you'll support  @PPFA
Since there are 90 Americans killed each day by gun violence I assume you'll support commonsense gun laws
Well yes! When might you start helping the USA to be a civilized nation once again?
If this is true why did you hire @jeffsessions  because he's taking that away from black people #BlackLivesMatter
Resign then fake liar
God Bless President Trump  with wisdom and understanding dealing with all the citizens so we can live in safety and in peace
So we have a President in our country asking God to Bless the United States of America 
Faith is having a good opinion of God on the other  hand unbelief is having a good opinion of self .
Thank You for sacrificing your life your family and especially your WORD
This blood shed must end this bloodshed  will end you are the POTUS for such a time as this
This is so true POTUS the more the chatter of shooting and terror the more people come and join the team

I'm not sure what's wrong with all the people posting negative nonsense on here! Keep going Trump! We love it!!
Pretty sure that James Taylor and/or Katy Perry are no longer on speed dial at the WH.
Covfefe is an anti diluvian word used during biblical times and it means..." in the end.... we win"
How poetic.
يا عم انت ولا فهم اي بتنجان اصلن
Maybe if you stopped bombing the hell out of the countries you call "uncivilised" they might respect you!!
so only citizens in "civilized" nations should be respected and protected?
there is so much wrong in just one tweet where do i even start
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
Donald Trump, you should add Kathy Griffin to the "no fly list" to mess her stuff up!!!
So...how about Flint Michigan?
yeah!
Except when it's about our whole fucking environment I guess??
Who do you think your kidding?!? You only care about #Trumprussia
Then go away...and take your hateful rhetoric with you...
let the DOJ and the IRS loose on Hillary and her gang. fan the fire where it belongs. let them turn on each other. Russia Clinton started
Except that your bluster is tempting terrorist to attack America
#TheResistance
Says the guy that's defunding programs that help feed children, and wants to implement the ahca, denying 20m coverage.
We must resist the current & continuing war against the West, being waged by Islamic men & women, w/no regard 2 human life
Just perfect job mr Trump , please don't give up we all support you & love you
As long as they are rich white people
Paris Climate Accord will help tremendously in that endeavor!
Please help. My sister in law is facing deportation to lithuania.  She works, pays taxes, and takes care of my dying dad here. Visa exp.
I think one of my sophomores wrote that as a poorly plagiarized answer to an essay question last year
Thank you so much for devoting yourself to the Lives of the Unborn, Morality in School Bathrooms, Voucher System, U.S.Embassy to Jerusalem
About safety and peace.
You want to speak about peace and safety. Take a look at the country you have the honor of leading and fix it.
There are black men and women dying everyday in due to police when they have done nothing.
Have a vice president who is homophobe and wishes to take away the rights that was just given to homosexual couples.
Word. You sir have no right to speak about the safety or people of the people when you clearly don't care about your people. You literally
This coming from the man who has done nothing to help the LGBT or the black community. This coming from the man who spews venom with every..
Even the Muslim ones? I remember you said something about that once,
I happily applaud you when you're right! Protect the earth, you protect humans. Pass single-payer and you protect their health. Way to go!
You are the joke of the world, you puny man @realDonaldTrump
Please stand up for chronic pain sufferers in USA. We're going untreated. Suicides are rampant due to CDC guidelines.
So you should just resign so.. And then I'll have one less thing to worry about. I don't trust you're twitchy thumbs on the nuclear buttons
Is that your excuse for not moving the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem as soon as possible like you promised? I don't trust you 45! Sad!
You speak with one voice and act with another. Clean up your act.
Glad you finally agree. #impeachment
IS THAT RIGHT MR.TRUMP!? U say to protect human life then DO IT! END MASS INCARCERATION AND STOP THE GOV. FROM MURDERING YOUR PEOPLE
Then why do you have friends that want to kill me and all my queer buddies?
True Dat
To reply to this,one must admit climate change is real and without right actions citizens of this planet will not survive.
Liar
All leaders of civilised nations except you and 2 other nation leaders recognise climate change is a real issue and something needs to be
Done about it, ya know global warming will cause more job losses and deaths than you plan on adding to American Society?
Sir I think they are attempting to do just that with the "Paris Climate Agreements"......
If only we were one of them. Sigh.
And recognize Global Warming! Remove your head from your A!!
Exactly. So don't back out of the Paris Accords. History will not remember you kindly if you do.
Unless they're Muslim, of a different race, a woman, or poor, right?
Keep your filthy paws off Canada!!!
Civilised nations must buy American weapons, with heavy restrictions on who to blow up. Ie those who refuse to buy American weapons.
I'm Somalian boy and I never honesty leader his country before you and continue you effort as to get good future
There are no uncivilized nations, just uncivilized leaders imposing their corrupted will onto the people. You're a prime example of that.
Your policies DO NOT protect ALL citizens.  Because of you, I and my Transgender Brothers and Sisters cannot live in safety & peace #Resist
Cancel sale of weapons to KSA
Do not make America the #ArsenalOfTheocracy
Why were you silent when Erdogan's thugs beat our citizens? 1st duty of Executive branch is enforcement of our laws in protecting citizens
then respond to Asha Deliverance publicly.
Was this a poster at a local DMV? Bc it's as MOROMIC as a fortune cookie
First order of business: stop pussy grabbing.
"Civilized" n all the non-civilized want to murder u , can't help it's just human nature
You are just making a mockery of the United States. That speech to Nato was disgusting. All world leaders are laughing at YOU not me
Is that why you turn away refugees from war torn nations..because you care about human life? That is not pro life or Christian.
Well then why are you crapping on our allies?
That's why your allowing the poisoning of America's food and water? Cause you want to protect the sacred right of safety???
We are behind you Pres. Trump. Many patriots are supporting you. We know u won't let us down & we will not let u down. U r loved &respected
??  Huh?
First we have to become civilized in the eyes of all other nations..We need to learn that we can not make non truths about our allies..
Well, the first step would be to protect our home called earth. You will go down in history as the worst president ever.
Dear Mr President so sick of how stupid Americans have become can't see the real devil destroying this nation the soar. revenge of a witch .
@PressSec that's cool except you don't do legitimate business with any civilized nations
Same guy who just made huge arms deal with saudis
Beware the peacemaker... -Nostradamus
Maybe u shld practice this line on those Dictators u love so much who murder their own people to keep in order to keep power
That's why the rest of the Western nations have UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE, you barbaricus uneducated fooooooolished babboon...
Except of course yours...Because civilization ceased to exist the day you took over..No grabbed power
Bull.  23mil losing insurance.  Hypocritical garbage abt life sacred.  Only in the womb & on the battlefield, huh Donnie...

maybe you should take the clue and pay attention to him regarding climate change:
Spoiler Alert! not a Chinese hoax!
Hypocrite.
Who exactly is a citizen to you Donald? What's Sacred, Safety, Peace? Can you define them or R U just spewing BS again? #America
ALL of our citizens. Regardless of race, gender, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, physical limitations... Stop the hate. NOW!
Like the safety and peace of not having our rights to basic healthcare coverage taken away from us?
Very true Sir
What a joke you are.
Says the man destroying Obamacare and killing innocent people.
