Go trump I love you
Potus Trump is a True Christian and Believes in Prayer!!
Potus Trump is a True Christian and Believes in Prayer!!
Yep..... That's why the Pope is so crazy about him.
The pope is out of line with Catholic teachings.
Because he would rather love all people than to hate or judge them? Okay sounds good to me.
Clearly not written by you DT too well thought out and you NEVER put Melania first ...
"I like people that weren't captured." -Donald J. Trash
Why are you such a let down to your supporters?
Seriously, you claim your base isn't shrinking, but what about the Chaldeans you backstabbed in Michigan?
Chaldeans gave you victory in Michigan, but you took away their families with @ICEgov ...Is this how you say thank you? #saveiraqichristians

Deportations = Death Sentence! #DeportationIsMurder #ICEgrimReapers #LyingThomasHoman @ICEgov Save 100 lives today: http://www.democracyispeace.org  
I recall you saying this man is not a hero because was captured in a war you did not serve because your feet hurt .@realDonaldTrump. Shame!
Much like your Presidency & character, your message pales in comparison to HRC & Obama's. Delete your account.
And let's go with Senator and Mrs. McCain. Someone like you should not use her first name. #resignnow #ImWithMueller
My dad, a WAR HERO, understood what @SenJohnMcCain sacrificed for his country-would have NEVER voted for you. #koreanwar
Trump Translator: Everyone knows real heroes are immortal and never captured. They always win and they have capes - the greatest capes...
Dummy,  he is not going to get well sadly the best man in the entire GOP is TERMINALLY ILL. 
you would not know prayer if slapped with it!
Mimi, how do you know Mr. McCain is dying? Do you believe in God? God can heal, and it isn't too late for Him to heal Mr. McCain.
Glioblastoma is a cancer with no cure.  At his age the treatment is rough nd only slows growth.  Very aggressive. 
Technically we all are.
Now will you apologize to him for calling him a loser for being a POW and surviving 5 years of hell?
Of course not, that would require him to admit what he said was wrong.
Exactly and we all know narcissists never ever apologize.
Lena: That was one of the most important tweets regarding Trump!!!   leading clearly to diagnosis!
Trump's got to go!
LOOSER LIBTARD have to go. Move
Wow, such wit. Don't miss with this intellectual heavyweight people!
Right jerkoff......
Yes I'm sure that's sincere after the dispicable things you said about him being a veteran.
.Original.
Original
You mean the guy YOU said "wasn't a war hero"
What a DICKHEAD you are!
Obama had more "likes"; cause people believe in his sincerity ...
Hey remember when you said he wasn't a war hero because he got captured & tortured fighting in a war you weaselled out of 5 different times?
Trump wouldn't have survived 5 minutes as a POW.
Apologize, about calling him a loser during the campaign. 
You will never be 1/8th the man Sen @SenJohnMcCain is. He is a hero, you are a 0
Get well soon?  He has cancer, not a cold!!
Bhllshit. You told the world he was weak for being captured when you dodged the draft 5 times.
Hard to dodge a draft when your number never got picked
He deferred four times for college and once for bad feet. Guess they healed because he sure does play a lot of golf now.
If his number had been called up, his bone spurs would have excused him, he didn't dodge anything
He can't serve his country but he can golf every weekend?
Golfing and military service are not comparable activities
頑張れよ
McCain was a hero, Trump is a traitor to the American People.
Oh, you mean the guy you belittled over and over? The brave POW you ridiculed?
@realDonaldTrump the Traitor and Draft Dodger shouldn't try to use the illness of a US Hero for publicity - Shame on you!
I am wigging out... Donald Trump Colluded with Russia and Putin. - Bobo Out
Isn't John McCain also the person you called a "loser?"  Maybe you forgot but we haven't.  He was captured.  You were a draft dodger.
Wow.. This "statement" that took longer than anyone elses to give is so thoughtless. Guess that's your vast vocabulary and the "best words"
For sale Chinese Ceramic antiques and Hardwood Chair ( Motif and Wood ) similiar to one in Tien An Men Tiongkok.subagiohermanto@gmail.Com.

#MagaFirstNews Live at http://MagaFirstNews.com  and #AmericanPoliticalRadio Free OJ!! & #MAGA 7/20/17 https://www.pscp.tv/w/bD_rvDFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MW1uR2VtcURObXJHWE84AoN65vLXntg8BjEFlKoPsekvi4ejBCl4UjFoSwHA …
Hopefully he's got that really good $12 insurance ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Get well soon?  He doesn't have a cold.
that was super insensitive. Get well soon is not something you say here. He served this country. You are making a mockery.
What did your sons look like before they became professional Penises ?
Trump "I like people that weren't captured"
Impeach this......Fool! On top of that you are investigating ways to pardon yourself and your family! You are admitting to Treason and RICO
Right.
Why all these Jesus tweets for you?  Jesus would have tipped over your table .
I would not wish cancer on anyone but McCain will be remembered as a gold digger and Traitor
It must drive you crazy that Obama got almost two million likes and almost 400 million retweets, while you can't even get 100,000 likes 
What did u look like b4 u became a professional Penis ?
Good thing McCain has excellent health insurance. Or does Trump plan to even take it away from US senators? #FatChance
Only ones who Don't kiss his large butt.
Very Christian of you! It shades your comment that Trump is a true Christian given you're not exactly ....
Trump isn't?
Trump is a rockstar! Keep  the good work
Here's a thought: Let's take that empathy and apply it to the millions and millions of people in our country who can't afford healthcare?
LMMFAO That's what I said!
Go to @BarackObama and look at THOSE numbers compared with yours.  Does that tell you something? BO's comment was genuine.  Yours was fake.
Violations. May the Govt take away all Your money you stole from The American People. The sum of $455,000,000. Give it back!
May John McCain get better. He is one of the few GOP able to talk against your tantrums and irrational behavior.
On top of that you are going to allow Russia to drill for Oil on our lands! Liar! People research and do not get fooled by their lies on TV.
Lives!!! Then you say that you put out 220,000 jobs that are so below Minumum wages that you can categorize them as SLAVE Employers.Liars!
To Murder 73 Million lives just to get your damn 20 percent raies; to gain Paid Mortgages programs to yourselves and more at the cost of
You got that right Thor! Trump os such a darn Hypocrite! Just like his Evangelical Base- wolves in Sheep clothing. God is going to deal with
Well, I will give you credit for at least NOT ASKING for his vote AT THIS TIME. Someone must advised you on this, & thus, this tweet.
You should also apologize to him today before you resign. It probably won't mean much coming from a traitor thou.
I prefer senators who DON'T get brain cancer... right DJ?
I am confused didn't you call him a loser for being a war hero...he let other POW out before him!!!! God Bless John!!!
Trump you are a LOSER
Using Melanie as a beard? Nothing will make me happier than seeing you broke, humiliated and alone.
That is rich coming from you to the Senator. You should just keep mouth shut. Not wanted by McCain FAMILY ever!
You really are a complete mess. Here's what you really think about McCain. How can people support such a hypocrite and liar as yourself.
Ah, but so heartfelt, personal and sincere.
You guys smearing the POTUS make me sick I didn't like Obama but I supported him unconditionally because he was our President,
This country is more than just one group but all American citizens when I was in the military I took a vow to defend this country
From all enemies foreign and domestic and the only real enemies I see are you disgusting liberals trying to cause chaos and import more ...
Islamist Terrorists that is what you animals are about if you're not happy GET OUT
Give don a chance, he is still catching up on Napoleon
"He’s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren’t captured, OK?”
Shut up!
There is a war on and you can't wish the enemy well
Who is the enemy..I am a huge trump supporter
Mccain
Agree..trying not to have bad karma wishing cancer being a survivor
I get it but I am not a believer in karma. I don't wish any illness on anyone but I can't wish an enemy well or what's the point?
Well your president wished McCain well also
Yeah that's a weakness of his like three Hillary reprieve
The
McCain is a national disgrace..he is epitome of swamp. He lost all hero capital being selfish as to harm Americans just to get back at Trump
Get well John but please retire
how about you apologize for the statements you made about him being a POW
Come on America, remember your roots. Remember when praying was allowed anywhere? And we could openly pray in the name of JESUS our LORD.
Why do you care? He was captured.
All of you for you are using His Name cor Blashemous causes! May the republican party be decimated to its core. As you endeavor to destroy
You are a total embarrassment to our nation.  Your "empathy" is forced.
You should apologize for the way you've been treating him - saying he isn't a war hero. What do you even know about it? You never served!
President Obama's tweet about McCain got 1.7M likes. You can't even get 77K.
Would go a long way if you apologized for your “I like people who weren’t captured” comment.  That would mean more than your empty words.
Hypocrite! You owe him an apology and not your half ass wishes. #fake #trash
U told Mueller don't look at yo finances. He gave u his ass to kiss along with a healthy F you. He ain't scared. Your move P-Grabber POTUS.
Good thing his #ACA plan doesn't have lifetime caps & covers pre-existing conditions. 

#MAGA - #SaveACA & take credit for improving it.
I thought you didn't like soilders that got captured?
Get well soon? Do you think he has a cold? #25thAmendmentNow
Bet McCain threw your get well card away!
Exactly 
God works in mysterious ways
And healing is still something God does today. So is forgiveness of sins.
Some sins can't be forgiven by man if they lead to destruction of an entire country if he's not with potus then he's against us
"Get well soon"???? Damn. You really do suck at being a human.
我月薪2千，他月入20万，我们人均收入10.1万； 我的宿舍30平，他的别墅290平，我们人均住房160平； 我一餐8元，他一餐8万，我们人均每餐消费4万； 我有80元的单车，他有50万的奥迪，我们人均座駕25万； 我是光棍，他有1个老婆9个二奶，我们人均5个女人，谁还敢幸福?
Mr President you have manners, but that fool doesn't respect your office.
Why,he's a traitorous songbird,he should marry Hanoi Jane Fonda
Thanks; You are a Great President
VALUES& IN R BEST INTEREST 4 THIS NATION AT THIS VITAL TIME.!◇
Pretty sad POTUS to say what you did about John McCain and your only wish was for him to return so he could vote. You have zero class.
Well prayers worked, hes back Tues to vote, Rrrr!  Hope it goes well in Jesus name!
Sell your out of usa real estate then buy american. But not the people in it. Nor too much monopoly.
Our prayers are with yours. Prayer changes things. Including a nation why does it take devastation to bring this nation to It's knee's?
Hey f%#$head, he has terminal cancer and will be dead within 6 months. Not sure "get well soon" is the correct sentiment here.
He is the winner get over it
Stop talking.  You care about no one.
I thought he was a loser in your opinion. If people who are captured aren't heroes, what are people who get brain tumors? You still suck!
I don't like JM any more.
Sir I stand with you  but I know I stand strongest when I stand on my knees  first I'm  praying  for you and this Christian nation
1967:
No record
1966:
Trump’s previous deferment expired and he was reclassified 1-A on 22 November 1966. His 2-S deferment was renewed on 13 December.
1965:
Trump received his second college deferment on 14 December 1965.
1964:
Trump became eligible for the draft on his 18th birthday .He received the first of four 2-S (college) deferments on 28 July 1964.
McCain spent roughly 5 1/2 years in a notorious North Vietnamese prison Hanoi Hilton,” where he was repeatedly tortured.
“He’s not a war hero,” said Trump. “He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren’t captured.”
SO MUCH FOR THE INTEGRITY OF SENATE INVESTIGATION...GRASSLEY OBEYS (666) TRUMP'S ORDER & CANCELS DON JRs & MANAFORTS QUESTIONING NEXT WEEK 
SEN. GRASSLEY HAS DECIDED TO CANCEL QUESTIONING OF DONALD TRUMP JR & PAUL MANAFORT IN FRONT OF CONGRESS. JUSTICE THWARTED AGAIN BY TRUMP ! 
It's the right thing to do as President. I don't
Yet another lie, liar. #LiarInChief #PutinsBitch #Traitor #WorstPOTUSEver
But he got cancer doesnt that make him a loser?
Hypocrite trump, singled out sen mccain the tell mccain that he WAS NOT A HERO because HE GOT CAUGHT!
John McCain is the most amazing, honorable War Hero & Republican, After your jealous rant over him, you don't have the right to feign sorrow
Almost makes up for your disrespect towards him during the campaign.
You aren't even 1/1000th of the man John McCain is. He dedicated his life to our country and all you've done is embarrass us. You're a fool.
(666) TRUMP CONTINUES TO SLIME ON EVERYONE ! HE TAKES LOYAL PEOPLE, MAKES THEM LIE FOR HIM, BLAMES THEM, THEN STABS THEM IN THE BACK ! 
TRUMP USES & ABUSES SHAWN SPENCER...STABS HIM IN THE BACK...THROWS HIM UNDER THE BUS !!  
NEW COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR SAYS " THE PRESIDENT IS MUCH LOVED "  cough, cough..choke, choke ! 
ANOTHER ONE BITES THE DUST ! (666) TRUMP STABS ANOTHER LOYAL PERSON IN THE BACK...USES AND ABUSES SHAWN SPENCER...BYE BYE SHAWN !
I think you just plagiarized Hillary's tweet Donny
It took you long enough!

#25thAmendmentNow
Yes sad. When will McCain be replaced? Lets hope for confessions soon like #DennisMontgomery
Perfect. God's Word says "bless your enemies and pay for them who delightfully use you. Thanks my president.
fuck him... hes a traitor!
"I like people that weren't captured" Donnie Trump on being a hero! So how's your feet feeling DJ? You are such a #FakePresident
Whatever, Mr President.

Praying for a full recovery
Have you lost the !!!!!!!!! Key?
Oh cut the crap. We see right through this. Hypocrite !  Melania doesn't even know who John McCain is!
YOU NEED TO APOLOGIZE TO HIM, YOU POS DUSCBAG.
Too little, too late.
hypocrite! Last year @realDonaldTrump blasted McCain for “being a loser” to get captured & imprisoned in Vietnam.
Do you like guys without brain cancer?
I thought you didn't like him because he was captured?
I thought you liked people who didn't get brain tumors.
Using Congressional healthcare coverage that all Americans should have access to. #hypocriteGOP
@AlistairPDBain @WhiteHouse 
Deep and thoughtful.
For sale Chinese Ceramic antiques.
Original
.For sale Chinese Ceramic antiques.
Original.
You mean get dead soon, right. A rat is a rat regardless of what god has in store
Your thoughts and prayers to someone you refused to acknowledge as a war hero, in the same war that you dodged, is a lame duck wish.
McCain is the founder of ISIS.  He's a traitor.
Omg... something came out of his mouth that wasn't crazy or hateful. If he can act like people sometimes, why doesn't he all the time?!?!?!
Message is a bit late, but I think we can agree it's nice. Wonder who wrote it?
Bingo ....Hey Trump...."Investigators can use the president's interview to establish facts and intent" ...
You really should apologize first. I mean, you have been somewhat of a dick to him. You're a bully dude. No one likes that.
You are an embarrassment to the Maverick  #POSPOTUS
Clearly one of the White House interns wrote this tweet without running it by #DopeyDonald: #NotMyPresident #SoCalledPresident #ImpeachTrump
Your words mean nothing to you - that is why you lie and break all of your promises. Fake person - Fake president!

Sorry 4 sh*t I said about you? Like prisnerz of war=losers, golfers=winners? Gotz confuzed. Plz rememberz I'm an asshole j/k lulz. -- POTUS
"Get Well Soon"  this is not a virus or a cold, it is cancer!
You are a bully and only care about yourself, talk about #crusty
Like you care.
Maybe you wanna try apologizing for insulting him during the primaries while you're at it
MUST READ THIS!
'He's not a war hero," Trump--Remember
Get well soon? He doesn't have mono you nitwit.
Luv McCain!  BTW...Obama has more class in his pinky than r current pres..There r things money cannot buy. 1 is a get out of jail free card!
Please ban me. Eric did. I love telling people he banned me. Badge of honor
Do not disgrace this man's honor by ever speaking his name again. You disgust me.
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. https://t....
Trump is a rockstar   keep it 
