I have told you before and i will say it again and again @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE A MAN OF GOD! Period!
Matthew 7:16-20.

Congress: Hillary Clinton Set To Be Investigated By Special Counsel. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-buayyMFAQ … 
#FakeNews #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump
Wisconsin is reportedly giving Foxconn manufacturer $3 billion in tax incentives,costing taxpayers about $1 million per job in lost revenue
And, from what I hear, those incentives are likely the only reason why they're here; haven't they usually relied in cheap foreign labor?
They make deals all the time to get these huge tax incentives around the world but then they rarely come through with their end of the deal
What you may or may not know is that they are building right near the WI - IL border. So, that loss of revue may further sting if a...1/2
Oh shut up
I'm sorry Barbara, are you having a bad day?  Take a nap you'll feel better.
you just fired 15,000 servicepeople.
No, he didn't.
Didn't he just ban Transgenders from the military? How is that not firing them? Or are the enlisted people able to continue to serve?
My son is ban from military he has diabetes. Deal with it. Transgenders just want the taxpayers to foot their gender reassignment surgery.
When I was in the Army, there was a gay guy in our unit. It didn't bother us one bit. He was still a brother.
Transgender does not equal gay... wth...
Did you even get the point of what I was saying or did it go right over your head?
Large % of TG are suicidal and want the surgery reversed after... if you're gay, you're not significantly more likely to be unstable...
Boom that's what im talking about. Growth for the american people.
Who behind foxconn and terry?? Do you know the identity
Great work @POTUS!
WELL, AT LEAST YOU DIDN'T INSULT, BLAME, OR OFFEND ANYONE IN THIS TWEET.
More Democrat lies.
Ya thanks for raising my taxes to benefit a company that has a poor workers rights record.  And it's 3000 not 13000 permanent jobs.  U Liar
Man you must be hungry after all that kissing up Come on Donald EAT, ENJOY!!!!!
They were already moving here. The only jobs you've created are for Russian intelligence officers.
Why can't you just help us instead of telling is to move?

Potential doesn't mean anything but a possibility!
FoxConn just another ConJob.
By Americans for Americans. MAGA
Just like they did with that factory in PA?
you're done
Thank You Mr. President. Don't listen to the fake news. Your doing a fantastic job. It won't be easy.... we will win in the end. TRUST YOU!
U just smooching with paul ryan. Always did believe u and paul were securityally FLUID!!
I'm sure your wise words helped (insert sarcasm)
When will #donTheCON & @IvankaTrump @IvankaTrumpHQ ivankamake their goods in USA instead of sweatshops overseas?
LOL!!! You mean these jobs will last as long as those you "saved" at Carrier?? Or the FAKE ones from mid-east deals?!? LIAR!! Prove it! #sad
Obama's reign tyranny continues with this trend of positive job growth.
Jobs, jobs, jobs. A man of his word comes through again. Time for Dems to STOP RESISTING and join the rest of us who want to #MAGA!
How the fraud case against your son going?

One of your brands coming back to ? Oh yeah right u don't ever intend to make your goods here! I have never been so disgusted with you!
#worstpresidentever
Didn't you just sell Taiwanese gov weapons
MAGA!!!!
Jobs coming back baby!!!! #MAGA
Give it up Libs, Trump is here to stay!!!
One man, One Goal, One Mission!!!

#MAGA
List of Republican traitors who voted NO on Full Repeal

Trump laughing at Fake News
8D chess
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/890637229843820544 …
Isn't Foxcon the one that basically imprisoned it's workers, several committed suicide, worked hard for little to send home, & we profit?
Meanwhile you are about to start a trade war with China which will undo all of this...
All the while you cheat on your beautiful wife...
Wisconsin is taking it right up the ass
Obama did this deal. Thank him.
Explain how he stole home values.
My home's value increased by 69.74% under Obama.
You're going to call her a liar about her own home.  How do you know how much it increased or decreased for that matter !
Making America great again! God bless
He promised the same to Obama but now after you rich old dudes get richer nothing left for blue collar
Retired transgender Navy SEAL to Trump: Tell me to my face I’m not worthy of serving
S/he came out as a trans woman AFTER her service. BIG difference.
#PTSD #mentalillness


Thats awesome Odin
Wish I could take credit, but like most Memes, it was stolen.
Actually, its not as though it's a brilliant meme. We would've believed you made it....
Who cares...
Yeah? What jobs? Are they permanent, long-lasting jobs? By any chance, was this all worked out by Obama, with you taking the credit again?
You'll have to pardon me (so to speak) for being suspicious, since you are like the boy who cried wolf. Just can't believe anything you say.
And hey, when will you learn to read a teleprompter without sounding like a third grader reading to the class? Slightly better than a robot.
Not much better than a robot. You need to take some lessons. How about joining your local Toastmasters group?
Anyway, until I learn differently (from a reliable source), I have to say, "THANKS, OBAMA!!"
This is old but they didn't. Pulled out. No deal. All BS
SORRY LEFTISTS! HE'S MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
IN YO FACE @SamHarrisOrg !!!



Meanwhile you invest in foreign workers for your businesses
Proof that you are hiring foreign workers
Boy you sur ar smrt i bet know 1 fols u
Way to Go Mr. President!!!!
The only thing that makes me cry is that you idiots believe you're getting any of those things from an admin that's getting rich off you.
Trump isn't making money off his presidency. He is making money off royalties, rent, most likely a pention from his buisness
Make America Great Again - One Job at a Time - #Wisconsin #Foxconn #JobsJobsJobs #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Agree

The only ones getting new jobs are all the lawyers being hired by this administration! If you're not guilty you don't need to hire one!
@realDonaldTrump I LOVE THAT. 
"He certainly wont be investing $10 billion dollars if u were not elected" that tells me that u know ur value
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @newscomauHQ

Likely a pilot plant, the prelude to setting up Apple suppliers in FOXCONN currently in China and other offshore piece part I. T. suppliers
USA may not exist soon. I know people that R closer to expiring & have wisdom 2 pass down to others. What words of wisdom can you pass down
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeIn… htt...
So allowing a Chinese Slave Labor company to grab a chunk of America is making us great? Foxonn brought you child labor and employee suicide
Unsurprisingly this is a scam against taxpayers.
Agency: It will take at least 25 years for #Wisconsin to see return on #Foxconn package legislature's considering. http://apne.ws/On7v8Z9 
Too bad you lost $40 billion in infrastructure investment, due to your chaos scaring away that investment.
again...........US partnership ...only!!!!!!!!!!!!!!getting 51% of profits...
Wow
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/890637229843820544 …
I like that a lot "RETRUMPLICAN".  Will use in my social circle. .   You need to send to the "Urban Dictionary"

Trump belongs there for sure
Jobs which you won't create.
Last time I checked Donald Trump is the president and brokered this deal. Therefore creating jobs. To hard to understand?
Just like Carrier??
Carrier   @Carrier
We are pleased to have reached a deal with President-elect Trump & VP-elect Pence to keep close to 1,000 jobs in Indy.
http://fox59.com/2017/07/26/indianapolis-mayor-carrier-task-force-make-announcement-as-600-workers-are-laid-off/amp/ …
And this is Trumps fault how? This is all the regulations and tax burdens by Obama. Give me a break. Once NAFTA is fixed no one will leave
stop trying to mask your atrocities by promising people jobs. we want affordable healthcare and equality. you're a stain on society.
Yeah, affordable healthcare means fining people 2% of their income for not taking Obamacare.  What kind of shitty system fines the poor?
you live in Canada. if you had cancer and then a game show host took away your socialized healthcare tomorrow, how would you feel? Fuck off.
you have ZERO understanding of the US healthcare system. it is absolutely nothing like Canada's healthcare system. again. fuck off.
So a family that can't afford Obamacare gets a 2% income fine for no reason, that's your idea of "affordable health care"? 
we pay taxes in the United States that go towards the well-being of this country. it's not a penalty. it's a tax that makes the ACA function
It's a poor tax.  If you don't want Obamacare, you shouldn't be fined for it.  End of story.
So it's a good thing that we're welcoming a company so horrid that people commit suicide because they are horribly abused?  What about MAGA?
thank goodness they are investing in the USA, we know you aren't
10B?  13k new jobs? Something's off with the math unless they're hiring mostly robots?
The Economy,Careers,Jobs(putting Food on the table,Companies hiring,Dow at record Highs,all under a President Trump evonomy.All Great News
Donald. It's 3000 jobs. Not 13000. YOU said 3000 the other day.
Oh the irony. Donald J Trump memorabilia brought to you by Chinese factory workers
Yes
Foxconn investment in #Wisconsin is an important step to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.With @POTUS increase investments in #USA #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Well said , A real businesslike cheer leader President Trump knows well How to cheer up investors on behalf the American people LOL #MAGA
-we could all be burnt to a crisp They have the Lat and Long of the DC and Trump Tower When it happens all your bickering will be for naught
The state is Wisconsin is paying at least 3billion to the plant and other tax breaks. You are NOT a deal maker. Just an inheritance child.
More self-idolatry. It is so tedious of you
Don't believe it. It's a chance to spy on us.
Do they plan on installing thier labor practices here in the states???

Let's wait to see if these 13K jobs really happen.  Remember the Carrier story in Indiana; end of day, jobs moved to Mexico. Fraud .. so Sad
Why don't you bring your companies to America?
YOU MEAN LIKE CARRIER!!! GAVE YOUR FRIENDS A NICE TAX BREAK AT TAXPAYER EXPENSE AND THEY'RE STILL LEAVING THE GOOD OLD USA!!
Only 3,000 jobs and that aren't even promised to stay and yet their millions, if not billions, of tax cuts are..... just like Carrier
Lol, we'll see if it actually ever happens. Also don't forget the safety nets when those employed try to kill themselves like in Asia?
When are you bringing your businesses back to USA?
So are trump's clothes going to be made in U.S. or is he too good for that?
Thank You @BarackObama for getting this deal done in 2014!!
Go Donnie Go!!! MAGA!!
The Carrier jobs Trump & Pence saved is now laying off the same employees. The tax credits they received are paying off their  Mexican Plant
Not a done deal donny. And dont take credit for steve jobs success
Oh wow- but didn't you promise something over 2 million a year?
Ha let's see if it actually opens
Paid for entirely by Wisconsin tax payers and which is it 3K or 13K jobs? You've been known to tell a lie or 2
$3 Billion in Tax Subsidies ($230,700) per worker in Crony Capitalism Deal with Foreign Company?
How does it #MAGA ?
To the tune of $230,000 per job.  Hell of an economic improvement!!
Wisconsin will pay #Foxconn $1,000,000 per job. What a Deal maker! #FraudPresident @jaketapper @FoxNews @GOP #CareerOver
HIRE AMERICANS 
CUT TAXES
OBAMA CARE IS DEAD
We will see; ANY new jobs you have BRAGGED about but have NEVER produced jobs you stated. 13k jobs in your head is really about 130#FAKE
We need to get Obamacare done these 3 that voted no needs to go please get this done president Trump I no its not your fault
Make Jeff Sessions quit. He sucks almost as much as you.
Let's hope so. PA still waiting for Foxconn to show up.
Let's see how the john main fears if he had to be on Obama Carr right now. Why are tax payers paying  for  this jerk when we can't get it
Can you really say made in America if Foxconn/Hon Hai is an Asian company?
I hope you're not taking credit for this. You should also think Tim Cook.
And I just read that environmental regs waived for this deal. Expect Foxconn to exploit all WI like they do their workers in China.
No where near 13k jobs. And multi-billion dollar tax break.
How many of those jobs will involve suicide net manufacturing?

Sadly, more lost jobs in other states... locomotives?

God bless us all always God bless America thank you very much sir.
fabulous job President Trump and governor Scott Walker
We all know this deal was done when we had a real grownup president. Meaning Obama...
@POTUS How about that tax break?

Yes!
thank you foxconn to start building American phones in the US. poor slave of @realDonaldTrump #boycotfoxconn
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
شنیدم باز ما شب خوابیدیم دوباره تحریم مون کردی..؟؟!!! عجب آدمای بد عهدی هستین شما آمریکائی ها. به عهد خودتون هم پایبند نیستید...!!
I Love and Highly Respect a Real Leader @GovernorScottWalker. For some reason @SpeakerRyan Julius Ceasar crosses my mind when you smile!

This was once again in the makings since 2thousand fourteen, Obama did this, and Biden...fake president, claims all not urs.
This sounds shady, Residents will pay 200 mil a yr for 15 yrs,Foxcon Is known for having lots of suicides at work? Based in China,smells bad
No help from you.. What about Carrier jobs
Into believing your propaganda. How many jobs were created to build your "wall?"
When?
Wisconsin...is that why @SpeakerRyan is kissing ur butt?
Sure Donald, sure
great achievement getting FoxConn to build in WI - too bad @Scaramucci stepped all over the good news
FoxConn  conceived and developed a plan to invest $10 billion in only seven months?  Unlikely. DJT doesn't deserve credit. Obama does.
WI taxpayers will invest $3 billon in Foxconn create 13,000 jobs. Ave yearly pay $53K, giving away a net $177,000/created job. #failure
please explain how this is good.
Just like the Carrier deal you got done. massive layoffs coming soon.
Crook.
Good
Trump had nothing to do with this. #ThanksObama
Is that what it costs to get a tour of the Whitehouse?
@realDonaldTrump  How about you move your manufacturing to the US???????
"Potential"
Your designer clothing tells me MAKE CHINA GREAT AGAIN!
Great !
Okay, whoever is from Wisconsin, make yourself known, and tell us about all these jobs!
Cool
#Trump2020 Jobs President
Why dont you give a donation to american flag society so we can get these vets off the street. One died yesterday from heat. You would
Rather give to goodwill then help our homeless vets. We just need a building and a van can you help us get a donation. Call 231 670 9890
If you care about veterans you will call open a door for usm stop thanking for serving and help us raise the money. You make us fight then
Forget us after we serve. Show you care quit avoiding the issue. Were non profit all other places make profits. If they cant make money on
#love trump!
Great job, Mr. president!   Maga!
FACT: All talk, no action like Trump = FOXCONN also said in 2013 that it planned to build a $30 million plant in Pennsylvania. No PA plant.
Let's hope this works out according to plan...
Lies
Wisconsin’s Lavish Lure for Foxconn: $3 Billion in Tax Subsidies is a heavy price tag for Wisconsin taxpayers
Soooo...about those Carrier jobs.  Where did they go again?
They didn't invest that money, they are using tax payers money to build it .Everyone in Wisconsin move now! #fakenewsTrump
@POTUS 
LOL
Why is it that your clothing line is not made in the USA.....the shame you have brought on this country is insurmountable!!!!
In 2012 150 employees of Foxconn threatened mass suicide due to the working conditions
Go tru
Robot jobs......
WI is now in 1st place for states who's middle class is being destroyed. Thanks to Gov Scott Walker who decimated unions & workers rights.
So this is what a group of low class, unevolved regressives look like.  Now we know.  #ImpeachTrump #TELLTHETRUTH #YouWillBeGoneSoon
As good of a DEAL as your Carrier one? I'll believe it when I see it!
