Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with Fran…...
Love that All american Dress Melania.  You go girl.  Glad you all had a good time.
Trump you rock
First Lady Melania is a Goddess.
I thought you said "France wasn't France anymore" ?
Making America Great Again!!!
thankgod for @FLOTUS adding class to that picture no if we could just whiteout that #orangesmear
How's the relationship with the LGBTQ community going??
How much did you eat, chump?
Are you groping Mrs. Macron?
The Jules Vernes restaurant. Great establishment! Great food! Pascal Ferraud is a great chef.
You are in such .... shape. Not.
Failed, Lying President, hahahahahahahahaha
looks amazing, did you take my advice and try the Lobster?
Have fun with your friends.

Did Dmitri Rybolovlev join you for dinner?
Is it just me or does @FLOTUS look better with someone closer to her own age?
i won't to know why obama is over there he is not invited to the g20 meeting
Emmannuel dit J'T'aime 
Moi non plus dit Donald!
Brave guy, letting you between him and his wife.
You are the man! You know I'm afraid of heights. You Eiffeling. Bruhhhh
No, most of the French think you are a buffoon. They are correct.
Tell them I said hi. Don't forget French waiters don't expect tips but you should do it anyway
You reached the restaurant by the stairs?
Melania @FLOTUS is to die for! I mean her fashion style is the most classy I've ever seen on a regular basis.
I always wondered what a sack of shit lying to people would look like. #Thanks
Who knew the First Lady of France was in such great shape? We all do now! Donald, quit embarrassing USA! Women have brains, not just bodies!
Macron is a brave man with a high tolerance for pain.
Love Melanie's dress. Lovely.
https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/n3i5cE 
You should have jumped from the Tower. Then they could name it TRUMP'S TOWER 
#CNNFakeNews coming up "Donald Trump into wife swapping" at 11
How beautiful only you would have a picture also with the chef that's why we love you you are not above anybody else that is your true heart
You and FLOTUS look so elegant in this portrait, this one is a keeper!
Hey look...a real leader...and then there is #KompromatTrump.
Was the food any good?
wife swapping,
Do they have ranch flavored or BBQ potato chips on the menu tonight Mr. Prez? Oh, if not, what will you have? Decisions, decisions...
I am surprised that he didn't just clock you after you sexually harassed his wife. This world isn't your gold club DT and you need to learn.
Pure crsp!!!!
Yes but.., what's with that handshake of yours. Get real.... what a joke.
They told me in French that you are a baboon.
is that Macron's mother? is he not married?
Exactly
However, our relationship to Mexico and China after the DISGRACEFUL things you have said about them.....
Old vs young
Look out Ms Macron...He's within pussy grabbing range
I guess they'll be reverted back from American to French fries now... Merci Dieu!
They put up with you only because they had to. Your behavior was disgusting !! You are the ultimate "Ugly American" !
It must have been a Huge relief for the Macron's when you finally left France !!
They hate you. However, unlike you. Macron is a professional and a leader and behaves like one. You are an embarrassment of epic proportions
When is the government going to fix the VA or address the problems of veterans benefits?
C'est magnifique
Emmail Macaroni IS A FUCKING NWO PUPPET/BICTH!  AMERICA SHOULD SHUN THAT PIECE OF HUMAN FILTH!!!!! LA PENN- now THATS A LEADER FOR GOOD!
Yeah you really enjoyed ogling Macron's wife, pretty pathetic and shameful of you.
#boo !!
He sure does seem to "distance" himself from you and your family.......
Our First Lady is the most beautiful woman...inside & out!
Fascist: Always the fake smile and he makes everyone vomit
You are so full of poo.  Macron is laughing  at  you .  While  we  in the USA are crying .
He's a great man.  A leader.  You're not.

you are a pervert Mr Trump- Embarrassing to our great nation. Please don't come back!!!
Should swap wives.
No Iran deal
This is inhumane.  It's up there with the most vile dictatorship behaviour anywhere at any time.  Vile.  Reprehensible
admittedly "illegal", have contributed to American life to better themselves and their children should be afforded option of citizenship.
removal from US.  Children, US citizens, left alone.  I can understand removal of illegal criminals.  But a family where the parents,
Just watched programme on BBC1 about Trump's policy on rounding up illegals.  The Duarte family.  Parents taken into detention with probable
Did you try to grab her by the pussy? Just wondering?
Not stronger than WW2. You forgot about that time frame didn't you? Come on! Admit it! You did.
Very proud of how you and First Lady represent our country that is deserving of "royal" representation like you two show.Thank you
Oh, this is a game! Fun! One of these things is not like the other 

did you #grabherbythepussy too?
Oh, this is a game! Fun! One of these things is not like the other 

Mrs. Macron is in good shape indeed
Look, Macron has a classy wife.. so refreshing. A real First Lady. @CC_of_MI @EvangelicalsNow @EvangForTrump
Eiffel tower is not for sale.
Mrs. Macron is very brave for standing next to a .
. We nd health care & tax reform. start working and quit partying.Please! U spend 2 much txpyr $ on yourself
Note to Donald:  Macron can't stand you.
Even after your sexist remark about @EmmanuelMacron's wife?
I'm sorry for troubling again, but may I put an important question Mrs. Louboutin? I am hungry and wondering if it was fusing cuisine? 
French cuisine great
I'm pretty sure it will get even better when WWIII breaks out and France surrenders
Great experience, great place to meet friends.
I have to say, that makes more sense.
Is the guy in white there to take you back to the home?
滚犊子
Macron took you to a tourist trap! He had your number, Monsieur!
Covfefe
2 beautiful women
@EmmanuelMacron #russian_asset wants to fuck your wife. Trust us.. we've seen this #lecherous turd in action.
Melania Trump has got to be the most beautiful woman in the world!
Thank you Mr. President! Thank you for turning a handshake into a molestation. And for creepy remarks about French Pres wifes body. Creep!
I heard your comments about her appearance.  Did you grab her pussy too?
NOW THAT's FAKE NEWS.  Or just a lie.
For God's sake, stay away from the women.  Every time you open your mouth you embarrass America.
You really are clueless. Check out the French media. They too think you are a joke.
What say you Pres. Macron? Eh le democrap party een America? Zey can eat zee sandwich de merde
Mrs. Macron may beg to differ after inappropriate comments to her. Didn't you have to take Anti-harassment training for your job? I did
Just love OUR First Lady's dress!   
I knew you were a swinger. 
نعوذ بالله من غضبه وعقابه وشر عباده
Did you? How'd you swing that?? Weather not great here, chat you later. Not getting all of your texts, btw. Check coverage.
They find you hilarious .
Watch your wife @EmmanuelMacron #Trump thinks she's hot and in good shape and I guess @MELANIATRUMP thought that was AOK #TrumpRussiaGate.
We're u aloud to eat KFC and ketchup or did France suggest u eat good food for once
Made inappropriate remarks about Mrs. Macro. @realDonaldTrump forgot to mention that.
maybe skip dinner???
you look in bad shape "physical shape" next to everyone there....
why did you pull her arm and twist her fingers? Are you a sadist or just a ham handed clod. Poor melania should have trained you better
You almost ripped that poor woman's arm off , you are so rough and have no manners at all .  Such an embarrassment
No it isn't. They had to TOLERATE you.
No Ivanka? Weird seeing world leaders without Ivanka. #impeach
Those French are short
Look at how @FLOTUS lights up when standing away from u & nxt 2 a handsome, classy guy. Short lived moment. @POTUS @WhiteHouse @GOP
4 men and a woman.
That is what you say
Did Mrs. Macron's arm heal at all from the psychotic, jerking motion you used in your "handshake" with her? Get control of your body, Bozo!
That's one of the best pictures of Donald Trump I've ever seen.
Well, you can dream.
Was this before or after you made creepy comments about his wife's appearance? #gross #creepyoldman

How was the chocolate cake?
What a joke telling her what great shape she is in, right in front of your own wife and Her husband.
Don't think so. France's President released a video in English welcoming US citizens disappointed with you to treat France as a second home.
Hey looks like you guys enjoyed each other's company looking photos ~ ignore all these Brainwashed idiots
Tell us about the degree in architecture @FLOTUS has. #fakenews       She was a nude model, anything else she do for money?!?! #NotFakeNews
You sound jealous
Lovely photo.
Did you try to touch the france first lady ass?
MACRON is the GLOBALIST demon
Doubt Macron sees it that way...
You do know they laugh after you leave, right?
congratulations
Now They Inline with there Deserve Partner's.
@colbertlateshow
You were an embarrassment as usual. You owe the Macrons an apology.
Did he get you to eat the escargot sushi? Thot you wised up the last time it was served to you.
The French hate you bigly. I have BILLIONS of French friends, and their cartoons of you are even better than ours. All of Europe is laughing
Show me the cartoons!
Just posted a few but don't know where they went!
