Potus, please BLOCK Trolls. I'd do it for you if I could...Love seeing their tears. 

1/
1 of many ways admin working to negate fed cts' roles in checks & balances: very serious c.30 Mar '17 EPA @EPAScottPruitt
2/
(i.e., administrative branch) order explicitly refusing to comply with many court orders AND EPA's agreement(s).
3/
Apr 1 was 9th Cir's absolute deadline after BHO's EPA had missed several.

Pruitt raised new argument (generally not allowed at that pt)
4/
why not complying, ostensibly in "final" (we'll see what cts say) order, NOT a brief others could respond to or ct could address/rule on.
Mr President, you don't need a travel ban for radicals already here. Start with Dearborn, MI Imam, Ahmad Musa Jibril, linked to London attk!
Where is your tweet & a tough plan to deal with gun violence in America. Today, 5 Americans were killed by another American in #Orlando?
London citizens know... "DONALD TRUMP WE LOVE YOU" #OneLoveManchester @POTUS  https://twitter.com/GoldingBF/status/843137525728378886/video/1 …
.@realDonaldTrump 
1/
You realize if you try to implement a "much tougher version," you start back in a federal district court, right?
2/
Can't just change the "Travel Ban" at each level of court. Part of the point of the (usually) 3+ tiered process: you can try to convince
3/
each successive level previous one was wrong? May not make sense #Trumplogically, but S.Ct. usually hears appeals from decisions, & no
4/
decision yet re: a "much tougher version."
就知道BB
There needs to be a permanent ban until further notice, AND more countries need to be added since it seems to be emanating from everywhere
Yes! The Dems are obstructing but AMERICA is with you @POTUS MAGA!
Again, most terrorist are homegrown. Did u put a ban on Saudi Arabia?That is where the 9/11 bombers came from.Wake up & become more educated

The first one is legal and those judges who said otherwise should seek something they are qualified to do. It should not involve justice!
Legal according to who? The people who have spent decades learning their craft, or you, someone likely far less knowledgeable than them?
The executive order he signed in regards to the travel ban/pause can be understood by a 12 year old child. The judges are corrupt & you?
Plus how stupid do you have to be to not understand that banning someone because of their religion, in the US, is unconstitutional? (1/?)
DJT made it damn clear that was his intent - to ban a religion. Judges look to expressed intent to help determine legality. (2/2)
Look at all the commons and and variables. Do the math. I know facts and truth seem to elude many of you on the left but they are clear.
I did and so did the judges so far. It's bare-assed unconstitutional.
Dear Trump, what u call "politically correct" are your country's laws. What u r trying 2say is that u want 2be a king &make your own laws
A great solution 4 u is 2 go go to Saudi & convince them to make u one. Fascism may work too
Alternatively, buy an island, try 2pass it for an independent state, and declare your kingdom. This is the best solution 4 the whole planet
Keep up the great work, Mr. President!
Welcome to America. Where the Fake President is throwing a temper tantrum b/c the big meanies won't let him be a fascist dictator
#NoBan
Don't let the enemy get you down. They cannot win. You are blessed and highly favored. And that which is BLESSED cannot be cursed. #Trump
While you continue to sit on your FAT ASS and DO NOTHING except GOLF and INSULT OUR ALLIES and WHITE AMERICAN MALES terrorize THE USA. @GOP
AMEN! 
Save the Constitution #FreeKevinTrudeau
I had the same thought.
Totally LOVING TRUMP is the ONLY QUALIFICATION needed for any position in the US Government.@stephenkbannon @PressSec @KellyannePolls
Make It Happen 
#NoTrump #NoHate #ImpeachTrumpPence
We Agree President Trump with You we want "Safety For Our Families"!!!!
Most are against life terms for SCOTUS. Ruth may have Alzheimer's. She certainly is not A-Political. She hates you! Evil woman.
You really need to stop this. You're really confusing people. Think you're doing a great job but your tweets are driving me crazy.
Except that they don't do that. Basically it's not in their job description. I voted for u but u really need to get a clue
@realDonaldTrump--we need a total ban on ALL immigration for 7 years . . . Let's fix our nation, and let rest of world fix their own issues
Maybe if you tweet some rude, threatening comments at Justice Kennedy, and Justice Roberts, they will be afraid and approve your travel ban!
Even if Supreme Court does not approve the travel ban, Trump can replace the soon-to-retired judge!
You signed it Dumbo.
How about your buddies in Saudi Arabia,15 of the19 hijackers were from there, yet you won't ban them?You  registered companies there instead
If non-admin who lacks #DonCovfefe "Get Out of Jail for $ to Trumps" Card did what EPA did in c.30 Mar '17 order: contempt, jail &/or fine.
@rickcatino Things will change when you put Judge Jeanine and Judge Napolitano on the Supreme Court.  Make America GRATE Again!!!
Government should be tougher with you Mr President !
Wow. You really have no concept of how the Supreme Court works.
We trust our Negotiator in Chief!
Not a priority.   Top US story remains ##TrumpRussiaInvestigation & #ObstructionOfJustice.   Enjoy your week!!

If only we had an effective chief executive and a policy worth pushing.Sad.
I SECOND THAT MOTIONMAGA
After what's going on in UK the ban seems reasonable
You truly are the worst thing to ever have happened to our country & the world.  Unbelievable.
I'm for banning Muslim migration forever for obvious reasons. Build safe zones so "refugees" could go back to their own countries.
Yeah,what idiot signed that watered down ban and then told his lawyers to appeal it? He should resign.
#RUSSIA Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. The only issue that matters now to Americans you #traitor @GOP
Behind you all the way Mr. president!  Don't let them 
get you down.  WE WON !!!!!!!
I hope he takes care of what @HaywardPD @HaywardPDK9  and  @FBISanFrancisco @cityofhayward has done to me @FBI @CIA @MTVCatfish  @facebook
I Agree
I agree with you 100% president Trump
ALL TRUMP APPOINTEES must understand WHO IS BOSS & pull no surprises on him or.they are so toast. @stephenkbannon @IvankaTrump @jeffsessions
A race or religion based "travel ban" is unconstitutional!!!
Sir, watered down or not, the goal is for the Supreme Court to reaffirm your authority as @POTUS
Justices should not be legislating from the bench
@Amberis4LSU  Can they not see what is happening elsewhere
.
Suh, Mr. Jeffrey Beuaregard Sessions is no longer feeling the love, after lying and colluding for you. He says, and I quote: boo-hoo.
.
why you so amateur ?
You just can't stop making America look like the Fool you are.
@POTUS @VP Mr. President, IMO you need a new Attorney General.
Watered down? You signed it. #cuck
Oh Dung, you don't even know whom you are in charge of. You looked at the Presidency for years and years and still know nothing about it.
God, I pray for YOU to BREAK the evil in our land, give our @POTUS Your wisdom & discernment, ray for Courts &Congress support YOUR Agenda
They should seek expedited hearings on a lot of things
Wait...now you're telling the DOJ to seek a "tougher version". Aren't both failed versions of the Travel Ban your Executive Orders?
Donald Trump, fool.
Bad bad bad ineffective people work for you. Kellyanne Conway, Sean Spicer n Jeff Sessions make u look silly. #PresidentBannon is not happy
The Justice Dept should lock you up!
#NotMyPresident
#LockHimUp
I would like to see a total ban on imagration until we get our national debt paid off.  We need to take care of the citizens here already.
You do know that you are in charge of the Justice Department; don't ya?
When it came to health care I hope you can help.I just retired I need better help care  for Dental.please do a better job .
Here's a better idea:
Der Depp hat nicht Kapiert das die Menschenrechte in den USA,höher bewertet müssen als sein persönlicher Wille!
#MAGA
The justice department should ask for an impeachment
So go ahead and FIRE @jeffsessions since you're so unhappy with him.
It's YOUR EO. The DOJ works for YOU! You are the government. Figure out how it works. Stop being an old man in his underpants watching FOX!
Have u had your ice cream yet?  U seem especially testy today.
The justice dept. Should put a gag order on you twitter, Donny. Every time you tweet you set their case back further. #travelbancase
Why? The Intelligence Agencies do a spectacular (look that up) job and we have way more domestic idiots with guns that terrorist attacks.
Make it happen!
Yes, but you create & sign orders not the DOJ so in effect you watered it down. Pls fix it but accept responsibility for this version.
Be sure to include Saudi Arabia and the ban. #MuslimBan #SaudiBan There behavior is not tolerable within the USA for there ideology.
Tweets re: courts are next step toward authoritarianism: trying to demean, diminish importance. See near bottom of budget(?) outline.
Yes please!
is it a MUSLIM travel ban?
Huh travel ban would not have helped in this case #WorstPresidentEver #ReleaseYourTaxes #putinspuppet #disaster100days and counting #loser
Expedited is RIGHT!!!!! @jeffsessions
Nag, nag, nag, ban isn't legal, it is based on religion, you hate Muslims, is that why you hate Khan, he is brown and perhaps Muslim? Stop.
Why are you trying to make Americans believe you are not addressing climate change, because of jobs? The statistics show that as a lie!!
Justice department, meet bus. Thrown under, you are being. Love, Don
RACIST TRAVEL BAN IS OVER MUCH LIKE YOUR TERM IN OFFICE . YOUR TREASON IS BEING PROVED .SOON AMERICA WILL FIRE YOU ALL..
You are the worse dam president ever!!!!! Your starting trouble and our country does not need it.
Your nothing but a lair!
Time now to fire the acting ambassador of US to London re Mayor of Islam in London.
You should let your staff know that they can now call the travel ban a "Travel Ban".
They should ask for your tax returns and your resignation
#PresidentSnowflake needs the #SafeSpace of one of his rallies.
Doesn't matter how many hearings they have, your racist travel ban will still be illegal and immoral.
Your stupidity is exhausting
Using the tragic loss of life for political gain is just sad ,bigly sad .
Is this your secret for defeating Isis?
I am totally baffled as to why you can't put a stop to this.. wth???
Focus on UR popcorn 
So you're still going with the travel BAN. You're not even smart enough to be sneaky about it. You're shooting yiurself in the foot.
Pathetic attempt at circumventing the constitution.  Judges see through it.  You exposed yourself during your campaign.
I think the SC is a little busy dealing with your #treason. But I'm sure once you're #impeached they'll have time to trash your proposals.
LET'S HOPE THE COURT'S INCLUDE DONALD TRUMP IN THE BAN.
We haven't forgotten about Russia
HINT...they work for you Mr.President!
The Justice Dept reports to you.
Conway says we should not pay attention to your tweets.


They will wait till the next big event. Then - DEMS and REP will demand action.
Hope it is not too late.
You're so pathetic. Your idea of a tougher version is racist, xenophobic, and the complete opposite of religious freedom. Can we ban you?
The Justice dept should be putting you in handcuffs.
@realDonaldTrump, just keep spitting on our Constitution and hitting yourself in the head with that gavel. Hope you'll stop over headaches.
U are the supposed head of the executive branch, of which Justice is a part. Tell Johnny Reb Sessions what to do. Real bosses don't tweet!
Thanks for confirming it is a Travel Ban Donny & if ban is 4 protection why is Saud Arabia not on it? Perhaps b/c of $$.
.@realDonaldTrump Keep having your tweeting tantrums; more evidence for #impeachment! That'll #MAGA! .@VP too!
Trump, you are the craziest and most senile President we have ever had!
Agree  we need stop #tourist shopping #DutyFree @MMFlint how dare people travel & start a life #Preposterous #WeAreAMeltingPot Trump UR  
Extreme Vetting needs to b accompanied w/2yr American Culture & Language classes! It's time to b tough!
U R President & your voters r w/U on this so if possible let's expedite this in these most Dangerous times!
Obama waited for no one to back his sedition and no one spoke against him as he took our country down. President Trump, get a phone and pen!
Socialist Globalist Thugs Trying to Take Over USA w/:
#FakeNews
#Schools
#Entertainment #Music
#Organized #Riots
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/862801942434721792/video/1 …
liar-n-thief.
You're a hateful little man and you don't represent us.
Your #MuslimBan will NOT change ANYTHING because refugees coming here are NOT the problem,they get vetted heavily,so just stop with ur B.S.
We want to see your tax returns!
But you said it wasn't a ban. Now it is a ban and next week it won't be. You're a flake.
Mr President,  I voted for you but PLEASE have someone screen your tweets. "Travel Ban"? You Sir,  hurt Our cause.
HURRY!!!! We NEED this ban STAT!
Theres this medicine called Aricept that helps ppl with Alzheimers disease. Have u considered asking ur so call doctor 4 a scrip???
Have peace in your heart
Obama saved us MC Cain as we can see I that he's a wimp by not pushing back against u 4 things. No leadership.
McCain is such a disappointment. He needs to retire already
When @SCOTUS gives unanimous finding that Constitution allows the president to forbid anyone any time any reason, THEN we'll have muslim ban
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; se...
No, DACA PEOPLE FORM THE FABRIC OF AMERICA!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Congressional ldr's stay in DC & pass Bill's voters asked you to pass; you were given full power
Tick...
FEAR - False Expectations Avoiding Reality.  It's 2017 not the 50's and 60's
Please do, it's like haggling: don't like my offer? Well then, here's a tougher offer.
Come on Prez...  The Muslim Travel Ban os the wrong direction.  Many better ways to keep us safer.
It has been over # of days for extreme vetting, time save lives, welcome refugees
Happy Birthday President Trump
There is nobody more dangerous to this country's welfare than you and your cabinet.  We should have vetted the criminals you hired.
We need the Supreme Court to uphold the constitution and the president's right to protect the american people.
What about adding Scottish ppl to the vetting list? That might bring seriousness to your travel ban ;-)
Why don't you work on the gun situations within four own borders first.  For the record I am a staunch proponent of the 2nd Ammendment.

Unfortunelly Mr. President there are some things that can't be fixed with duck tape and stupid ( Pilosi ) is one of those.
