Make it happen. Dems always want our people to pay their fair share. Well only the "Rich" That's is. They never say what the Fair share is.
Wow. An ally is "very bad," but Puttie, who attacked USA... Diplomacy BY MORON (using caps more appropriately) in action! @NBCNews @hardball
Good!!!
After WW2 we
Rebuilt Europe and Japan
Protected them w our military
Made trade deals that hurt our workers but helped them
Time for change
You really don't have a clue about #NATO, do you. You probably don't have the mentality to make a cheese sandwich. #ImpeachTrumpPence
Please someone at the WH tell him to stop tweeting....
You have it in for Germany because its leader is a strong woman whom Europe now considers leader of free world since you r so incompetent.
Bit me
YOU GOOOOO TRUMP!!! CHEERING FOR MY PRESIDENT!
You are clueless.I wonder how your southern voters would feel if German car companies close their American factories.
Hey Donald! Will you stop complaing about others and actually do something yourself yet?
Awww. Did the smart lady hurt your wittle feelings?
Why Ivanca visited Germany recently ! To spy how to train properly employees ! It's not only that, its menality, work hard  ...
Alert.... Alert... Alert Chief Cheeto taking MASSIVE DUMP!
Is your strategy to complain about something that is set to happen anyway so you can take credit for it later?
Would a war with Germany make you happy?
Does Germany's female leader, who is vastly smarter and more popular (in both Germany and the US) than you make you angry?
Watch out Roland, President Babyman is gonna block you.
Germany got something on you too?
This is a very ineffective, losing way to accomplish what you say you're trying to get them to do. These tweets damage relationships.
You are destroying alliances with our oldest friends and promoting our biggest enemies. You're a traitor.
Aww, did Germany not say nice things about you?
Your crazy. Resign
Rip
Naja, das nächste Fallout wird in Deutschland spielen °L__°
Stop the Political HARRASSMENT aggression
Against your Family. UNPRESEDENTED Personal
Bullying by Resistance via MSM
Everything changes. 45 just keeps lying, though.
Nuke inc?
awwwwww did Merkel hurt your feelings?
Looks that way.  Dude's got super thin skin.
開刀了，省錢
why is Trump going on about Germany? It is believed they have intel that can put him away. *fingers crossed* #ImpeachTrump
Germany steps up attack on Trump for 'weakening' the west https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/may/30/germany-steps-up-attack-on-trump-for-weakening-the-west?CMP=share_btn_tw … #PutinsPuppet #ImpeachTrump
Donald's fans think his being deemed insane and untrustworthy by our best allies is a good thing. How?
It's how they're treated at work/home. Erratic scheduling, no empathy, abusive relationships. It's familiar, PLUS payback to Euro-"elites."
You may have seen this piece a while back. Insightful.
A fascinating long read: as sad as it's troubling and full of hard truths for the left.

https://medium.com/@DaleBeran/4chan-the-skeleton-key-to-the-rise-of-trump-624e7cb798cb#.kwwcrvlt0 …
Not unlike Bill O'Reilly! Fiction writers still live in this reality. Thanks for playing! Good day to you!
God, you're such an ignorant man!
The expression on all our allies' faces says everything. You have embarrassed us immensely with your incompetence, Mr. Trump. #MAGA
Angela Merkel is a globalist shill. Germany should be paying their fair share.
Please investigate the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. Intimidation has been used to silence anyone talking about it. Liberal fascism...
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Pray for democracy
This is exactly what the left is doing!
You're going to turn our allies into enemies while you sleep with your sugar daddy Russia.
I'd rather be allies with Russia then the cucked middle eastern countries of the EU.
There is no rather, it's both!  Wake up.
wat
"Than". "What".
wat
Good morning Mr. President!! How can we help #MAGA today?
Resignation would definitely MAGA.
My resignation?
Trump's
You need to read my comment again then. Your reading comprehension is below standards.
Germans are SMART! GREAT UNIVERSAL SINGLE PAYER  HEALTHCARE THAT WORKS. Trumpcare is a disaster, wasting $$ on Weapons even worse #impeach45
At that, our insurances pay for life-saving diabetes medication. ;) 
Our system of course has issues, I won't ignore that. Still, we're fine
And  system covers pre-existing conditions, pregnancy, birth...just about anything! 
As much as we germans rant about stuff in Germany, we still actually are pretty proud (not openly though), wealthy, happy, life good lives.
That's absolutely not true
"Neid, Hass, Wahn" ?
Bin nicht im "Nazi-Sinne" stolz. Ich bin Deutscher & Spanier, in erster Linie aber Europäer. Sie haben noch nicht erklärt, was sie meinen...
All of our NATO allies should pay more. Everyone seems to forget that when the Soviet Union cut off W. Germany from the rest of the world, who was it that flew tons of food, medical and humanitarian supplies into W. Germany to help keep them alive after World War II.
BUT Germany ALREADY supports most of Europe AND they work hard. Want someone to pay more? Hit up the Norwegians! Cash up the ass
Since WWII & great losses to our family, I've avoided German products. Now I want to buy German.  Angela Merkel is leader of free world. Sad
Wait, you never bought a computer? Huh, strange. Konrad Zuse was german. ;) 
And you never let your body check with X-Ray? Konrad Röntgen.
Avoided, not excluded. That would be impossible.
Btw. sorry about your loss. You know we young germans have nothing to do with that part of history. We stand above it now, 80 yrs later.
Das ist so falsch, auf mehreren Ebenen. Denk nochmal drüber nach bitte.
Ist es nicht, Grüße aus FFM. Die Nazi Generation stirbt z.Z. aus. Neonazis sind Pest, ja, aber die gibts überall. Und Deutschland ist schön.
Grüße nach FFM aus FFM  Natürlich hast Du mit der Geschichte Deiner Eltern und Großeltern zu tun, und Du solltest nicht darüber stehen.
Geschichte, die 80 Jahre her ist und die in 2017 meist egal sein darf, denn die Geschichte wurde oft genug aufgearbeitet. Ich seh nach vorn.
this guy and most of you guys seem to be unable to understand the political consequences. if we would invest 2% in Military we would invest even more in military than the UK. dont underestimate the Memory of our eastern european allies. things are more complicated.greetingfromger
Besides that, Germany is barely any larger than the state of Oregon! Can't expect them to pay all! Hit up Luxembourg! Money up the ass!
Stop pissing off world leaders. Also stop acting like a spoiled child.
SORRY SON, WASHINGTON HAS NO FRIENDS LEFT. ONWARD AND DOWNWARD?
Do your homework! Your laziness is being seen as stupidity
Stop playing world police and save some money. Let those other countries figure it out on there own. Use the military to protect your country. Save lives
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad f...
America. Needs to start making stuff people want!!
Why do you buy European cars?
Uh...they buy from us only 40% of what we buy from them...but our GDP and population is 4x theirs. Either you think we are dumb or you are.
Biggly stupid
Kaputt, defekt.
I have a Solution! U.S. stop invading foreign countries..#bigchild#wannaplaywar
Did you consider also those billions earned by @Google or @facebook in Germany for services, not trade? Or US firms paying taxes elsewhere?
"consider" is a funny term in his context
Why shouldn't I have said 'calculated' if it is apparent that he didn't even consider these *facts* :-)
Huhu, even worse . BTW, are only his tweets saved permanently or answers as well?
The average contribution of the 22 nations who have not met the 2% of GDP investment in thier own militaries is 1.20%.
@Northvike Clinton and George Soros Foundation get rid of president Trump. Hannity is Target. Want to get rid of all conservative TV & radio
@Northvike you're doing the right thing
#at Donald Trump. You are the most naive president in history thus far.
since ww2 they pay less as avoid military. just like japan. read your history numbnuts.
You need to step down Donald I voted for you and not doing what you said you would

That's my president looking out for America's interest thank you sir
Would someone PLEASE explain how NATO works to him?
Yeah, because our quality is unreachable even for you. Lol
Collect NATO funds and send Jung-Un a guided MISSILE right into his RESTROOM and blow him out of EVERYONE'S misery, Mr President! TAKE HIM!
stand strong & don't give in 2 the bullies.  We are 100% behind you.  It's bad 4 USA!! They want us 2 keep footing bills
America has trade deficits with many nations. I don't see how this is Germany's problem.
Do you say this to their face, or just from the safety of your tweet room?
Awe yeah! Hey President Trump what do you think about this song?
Dis gon b gud :D
We will build a wall around the USA.
Germany is spearheading a EU driven Global takeover by Islam! She is in with the Globalists! Ask her about Deutsch Bank?! NO more Jihad!
we true American. Are with Pres.Trump. sick of Europe's hand always saying give me. Time to poney up.
@theprojecttv Steve Price at his stupid ignorant best again. When will you drop this dinosaur.
Pues póngase a trabajar
It's unfortunately similar in the U.K. Sir, we are a laughing stock as we have so-called leaders who can't even answer manifesto queries
Angela Merkel is now the respected leader of NATO woman beat you after all #traitorinchief #trumpkingoffools
I'm with Germany
You bow down to the Saudi's, work for the Russians and attack our friends & allies. You are sad!
Angela meeker is now the leader of the free world, thanks to your incompetence #impeachTrumpnow
#2 No diplomacy, unfit to be POTUS! #notmypresident maybe #invoke25th.  Problem dealing with superior world leaders.
define "massive"
Are you counting the Mercedes vehicles made in Alabama
This man is definitely sick. Get a life for god sake
Stop lying about NATO.
Trade with Germany & ALL EU nation's should STOP until they end their global invasion for genocide against their people.
Why aren't you demanding reimbursement for the protection the U.S Navy Fifth Fleet provides to oil tankers in the Persian Gulf?
Germany is one of your closest allies. Pick your battles
Very bad. Loser. Sad. 
How much more are u going to be dissing on Germany? They are our 2nd leading backup w/Great Britain. Many vehicles are made here. No home-
Europe is on the verge of destruction from Merkel and her supporters, by allowing the invasion of aliens. Don't let America suffer this fate
Maybe  should import more. However, why don't you focus on competitive products and respect free people's choice!? @MartinSchulz
I (we) agree. We are behind you.  PLEASE don't let us become like Germany!!!
Why because you dont want good healthcare and a good education system?
sad story gut dass ich erst 17 bin
Mr President. Paris accord not much different foolish and arrogant. We can no more control the planet temp as dems can control spending!
Germany meets its 2% GDP target and has a strong military. Just be be honest if you want to leave NATO and stop sabre ratteling.
Can somebody proceed with his impeachment asap? The sooner the better. Thanks
Okay, persuade them to leave the EU and then negotiate a trade deal. No trade deal exists with EU. The job isn't as easy as you thought. 
Your doing what your friend Putin wants Russia is not.part of NATO Germany is our closes ally and your lack of knowledge will destroy the US
You're going to spend less on defense? Fantastic!
You will never be a statesman Trumpy. God help the world cos you won't
It would serve u right if Germany pulled their 800,000 jobs here in the US.
MIKE COVFEFE TOKES IS ANOTHER PUTIN PENIS PUFFER LIKE DONALD " GIRLY-MAN " TRUMP...
Why doesn't NATO Countries pay their Bills/fair share? I pay my bills...........
EU has a huge trade deficit with California and New York. Germany's part of the EU! What's the trade balance with the EU? Go back to school
We will only rejoin and make the cuts deeper so I don't even see what conservative's would be gaining from withdrawing.
Hard to believe we even took in his huddled mass of a family...
Stop pissing off the rest of the world! Would someone please take your phone away??
I'm glad that you told NATO to pound sand. They spend money on socialist programs rather than defense.
You destroy relationships that took years to make and secure with your stupidity & ignorance !Shame on you, you've embarrassed the USA 

This is more lies
Then stop outsourcing everything to China/ Asia and get production home, so that you have something to sell.
Get it done.
If the shoe fits, wear it Germany. You forget what we did and what we are doing for you.
back to the old trade deficit bullshit for yet another round, should be a good week of Trumpian nonsense tweeting while he gets hammered by
fresh scandals every single evening
آقای ترامپ در مسعله ایران چرا سیاست دوگانه دارید
Thanks to you Sir, Germany an France will work together an accept the Russian offer for assistance. Our Mil.bases will have increased Rent !
You are damaging our security.  You are going to get us into a war and without allies.
why we love trump ..@nytimes @CNN @AllenWestRepub @DineshDSouza @SavageNation @dcexaminer @FreeBeacon @YahooNews @CBSEveningNews @cnni
You tell 'em! May God guide and bless you in all you do to #MAGA  .  Sooo wonderful to have a @POTUS that I can be proud of!! Thank you!!!!
And about their own defense spending, claiming they owe us massive sums of money. For not spending more ON THEIR OWN defense. What?
Germany has become the leader of the "free world" because of your incompetence! Good job!
You'd be smart 2 play nice with Germany they are a great partner with us, instead let's hear you dog Putin,  Russia 4 once
How are you gonna do that ? Good luck pal
You are aware that Germany's military forces were restricted after WWII which is why they need time to build them up again!
trade deficit with China makes everyone else looks like peanuts.
@realDonaldTrump how much do they pay and how much should they pay?
WE have 8000 employees at BMW in South Carolina? Do you want them to lose their jobs?
Say "Hi "to Angela for us!
Poll: Americans have more confidence in Merkel than Trump http://hill.cm/ag3IcQZ  
Halt die blöde Fresse, Drecksack!
Merkel's "refugee" policy has placed Europe on a fast track to destruction. P.S. Say no to fake Paris deal.
MAL! (Make America Last)
Useless, uneducated, unqualified. MOVE TO RUSSIA.
Presidente usted tiene toda la razon. C0ntinue dando que pensar a paises que no responden al compromiso
Article 5 dickbag.... Article 5.
It will change they will stop buying from the US
Donald: Tell this FAKE info to German car manufacturing workers earning good wages here in the U.S.
What will it take for you to study and learn how NATO works. Everytime you say this you show your inability to learn and weigh information!

An yet Prez Trump is mean man for expecting more from them?Problem is liberalsthink tax money grows on trees an we can jus give away n spend
Sie sind Müll
So conservative Christians like you so much. Could you tell me where in the bible thos thinking is?
I think you lost your slot and China's wanting to take the slot in the Paris agreement. This country is not worthy of the agreement.
Just quit nato and get it over with. That is the covfefe you made with Putin.
Has the thought crossed ur mind our products might be BETTER? Bc our education system is good & FREE & accessible to all?As is health care!
Who really gives a shit...
Say "Hi "to Angela for us when you're there!
Poll: Americans have more confidence in Merkel than Trump http://hill.cm/ag3IcQZ  
German Companies here employ 670,000 Americans.  Remember you were going to KEEP and create jobs?  Way to go @POTUS #diplomacyfail
"Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive."
Sir Walter Scott.
You are a Little poor Boy!!
Release your taxes. #TrumpRussia
SCREW Germany. Let them turn into an Islamic state. Kick them out of the UN.
If we had our own oil reserves we could sell it and make back what we have lost
Another lie. We don't have to pay 2% today. We have to pay 2% in 2024. It was agreed to pay 2% within a decade after 2014. Do your job
Finally! We have a president who isn't afraid to stand up for AMERICA.  Thank you!!
Germany are your allies and sent 000,s troops to ME after Sept 11 as did other European nations.any gratitude? Thought not!
