#GoTrump God bless you and your family
Considering your lies about calls with other world leaders, I'll bet it was a pretty contentious conversation.
Great! Oh! And remember you sorry loudmouth Dems who were bitchin' about POTUS taking a vacation?! This is what he's doing!
J
See your BOT has been removed 

Take a look at @JueyQC's Tweet:
 

Are you sure you called him and not some Korean take out place?  Will Moon say days later no call happened?

That was great work your pic for UN ambassador did on getting that vote
Was this 1 of Trump's real calls or another 1 of his made up calls with 1 of his made up persons where he said made up tough guy things?
Great job, don't let up
3 Years, 5 Months, 13 Days, 15 Hours, 37 Minutes, and 51 Seconds
Ha, funny
How long before Washington Post and CNN play that conversation on tv?
POLL 

Do you approve of President Trumps job of handling North Korea?

Vote below and RETWEET!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Broken record.
The other 14 nations are jockeying to take the leadership role that you have ceded. American leadership is gone in the age of trump. Sad.
You are leading a change in the world
for the better. Thank you Mr. President.
bomb NK! ASAP!
Vote out the RINOs


I like that. I have also caught the #MAGAfever bug  be good to America, pass it on!
Seriously, pipe down while #GamesOfThrones is on
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/885196341143511040 …
The last president of South Korea stepped down because she was controlled mind and body by a cult shaman! Fake News covered it up!
Fake News loves to talk about crazy North Korea w/ nukes. What about corrupt South Korea w/ satanists?
HOW was golfing today??

We are turning more into North Korea then North Korea Is
We now have State-Run TV!!
I can not Believe America is going this route.  I am embarrassed to call myself an American.  SICK!!
Please move then!
Someone's must have had a good round of golf today....cuz you seem mighty CHIPPER! Get a good night sleep, do it all again in the AM.
Donald hi!!!Write me please!!!
Stop. Just stop. People's lives AR at danger and you're jacking around. You don't have a clue what you're doing

You're weak, nothing with stop them from protecting their country. Try the "Art of the Deal" or maybe you're not as good as you say.
Are they going to admit you never talked to them like you said you did with other world leaders?
Fantastic!  You are showing the American Leadership that has been missing since Ronald Reagan.  Thank you @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Reagan was a real leader. Trump is a loser. Couldn't win an Emmy. Won the election but needed Russian help.
Could you link me to the proven facts on this...?
That he is a loser or didn't win an Emmy?
The needed Russian help part.
Opinion | The quest to prove collusion is crumbling http://wapo.st/2v2za1c?tid=ss_tw-bottom&utm_term=.fe07b0417a87 …
Even if (big if) he didn't collude, Russia meddling assisted Trump (CIA, FBI, NSA proven). You've been had, Trump sucks.
What an idiotic statement
President Trump 
Keep up ur great work President Trump ur  making America great again. Keep doing ur things for the people YES!!!!!
That was extremely rude of the president of South Korea to interrupt your vacation
What did you beg him to hide to not show your incompetence? World leaders are laughing. Why can you not see that?  Thank god for Mueller.
No! They were  laughing when puppet boy allowed N. Korea to build nuclear weapons. Iran when he released Billions $ an build Nuclear bombs
at least I have a college education and an advanced degree-jealous?
Never Jealous!  Attempted to train college grads.  They didn't want to do the work.  Wanted big money little work!
Donald trump I made 400000000000 and giving it to my cousin know the answer to aids
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North ...
"Tell trump life story." - http://payworthiest.com 
All of the cold miners, should enlist,  that's a job, with benefits.  You wanted trump, now help him fight his war.
How about you Valerie?  You look pretty tough!  Be useful!
whose fault is it?
Mr trump how do you fly like an eagle with all these dam turkeys around
I think what trump is doing the right thing North Korea need to stop what they are doing you think they wood have learned we wont put up with there shit look back what happened before
the UN voted to implement the new sanctions on n. Korea. Good move. This shows that trump NEEDS THE HELP OF THE UN IN BIG EMERGENCIES. Trump alienated the UN with his Jerusalem mandate. Trump cannot alienate the world like bush did. We need their help in war time
Speaking of #sanctions voted with an overwhelming #bipartisan majority, when are you enforcing the new #russia #sanctions?

Are you waiting for #putin to say it's ok or to see #Mueller #indict a few more of your co-conspirators?
I see your timeline cover photo and. I'm so sad for your country. I'm really genuinely sad for it...you are just..so wrong.. for this world.
Thank you for the expression of sympathy Kyle.
Is that Sarcasm? cuz I don't think we're on a first name basis.. "C"?
No it was sincere, not sarcasm. Apologies if I accidentally offended you.
Sorry it's just, usually the faceless trolls like to bring my name into the conversation, when we haven't even talked..but thx, we're with u
No worries. Just glad to see when Canadians & Europeans understand that many Americans are ashamed of this atrocious presidency.
Oh a lot of us are with you! To me, America was the country that was on the up and up! stood for Goodness, now seeing it.. it saddens me! :(
VOTE HIM OUT.
VOTE HIM OUT
Out !
Are you taking credit for the vote? You've criticized  UN & most of the countries in the UN. Thanks to you, US is no longer a world leader
Raspberries to you Boho
Oh how stupid you're!!!!
You will get real fire and fury in YOUR USA!!!
Think sbout N-K people who had suffered so much for their dictator. Do they need to pay for even this?? Aren't they suffered enough?
U know if you were more respectful in the first place u may have had a better strategy in play verse the ignorance u spoke punlically!
Great!!
Have you ever read up on what happens if they drop the bomb on us?
Not trying to threaten just really scared
You still know how to use a phone without sounding like a spiked rich kid? Maybe that's why you like North Korea  so much; Putin too #dumb

This should impress the Warburg's. never hear much about them anymore.
I have confidence that the Trump administration unlike previous administration will handle the N.Koreans. 
Were the Boy Scouts included on this call?
I'm very very tired of your overuse of the the word "very".  You have an extremely limited vocabulary. Constant supperlatives are boring
Please do not make any kind of "crooked" deal with that crazy NK leader.  All talk and no action.  Make him squirm.
Just a shame they didn't back you over stopping the sales of oil to them.
Why dont you tweet when you took a piss, what you had for breakfast, or when you last picked your nose?
Really? And how did that go? With Trump crying like a baby and saying "you're making me look bad"?
Please resign
It's Not Fun!!........ In The Booty House/Prison
@nikkihaley, an impressive diplomatic ambassador, & the UN Security Council imposed sanctions on NKorea. You only tweeted insults at Xi.
Having traveled to South Korea many times, I can tell you they are less than happy with our idiot president and this administration.
Thank you,  Mr President
Sir God will send this country a sign look up and pray. Wow to  the man that goes agsinst you. 21st #eclipse. ALL ECLIPSES  ARE FROM.GOD
When Jesus died on the cross an eclipse came then an earthquake. Mosses ligted his staff  to heaven, an eclipse came. Shake the wicked


Great; let's see if the UK continue an annual £10BN contribution to NKorea in Humanitarian aid(?)....
All because of you! You're keeping us safe just like you said you would!
Don't seem/feel right about Korea, Kim is being to sure about himself like something/one got his back, this may be a setup to take downPOTUS
Sure you did. You sure we won't learn later that it didn't happen? Like so many things that you lie about; Boys scouts, the wall, Russia...
Ok, sure. But now that we know DPRK has miniaturized a nuclear device  what are YOU going to do about it!?!??!    Trump = Worse than Nixon.
Are you sure or did you make this story up too?
We'll read transcripts in Washington post soon between trump and moon
At least Trump doesn't cost us $10,000 a night on his vacations! And he is always working no matter where he is unlike Obama
I'm with you Mr. President...Let make them at the United Nations understand, the US, is back on top...
Did you really..whats his phone number?
You mean like when you talked to the president of Mexico??
Nice Job!
Did he know who you were??
The life of a transparent POTUS....... keep it up Mr. President! Id say keep your head up despite the ravings of the mad but I know you will
Can we have proof of that call? Some of the people who claim to speak with not actually at the other end of the phone. Transcript, please.
Technically, we're still at war with N. Korea we never signed and Armistice!
FAKE TWEET!!
Meetings and calls, meetings and calls, busy, busy, meetings and calls.
But he thinks you're an idiot
Get rid of Obama holdovers McMaster is being false and firing people that Flynn hired
Trump - go head up - excellent move

When will you Arrest Obama for violating the Logan Act?
You did nothing to influence the UN. They did it despite you. Luckily for US, you are not in control.
You are just the latest disfigurehead.
Can you please just go away, far far away
It's past time for putting NKorea on notice. They must be stopped BEFORE they savagely attack someone. Leaders with backbones!!
Kill him and be dun with it.There is no other way around this insane person.Just like Hitler.
They where caught they did not want to hand over the memory stick. They even made fake security pass. Ban that dji company...

We need to hear from you about North Korea,please!
Well duh, of course they are happy. North Korea has been a threat since you were in diapers.
Why would we believe anything you tell us?
Mr Preaident Trump:
You can't change a idiot to see light!!
I know you must TRY!
Thank you for your service to our Great Country! 
Get rest
You are? Or President Moon is?
Why don't you take a vacation in North Korea?
Thank you mr. President
Can you call directly North Korea? maybe a point to solve this? there is still hope for peace and to invert the situation
Was this call like the boyscout call that never happened or the Other calms where you simply lied about what was said?
Moon is just a puppet of NK dictator! Never trust Moon! Never!
Knowing his different  way of looking at things and his impressive grasp of politics, he probably chewed your ass out.  Tape to be released
Anyone taking bets how soon the transcript would be published? I hope never.
I've noticed the #MassengilTrumpHaters and #libtards are out in force today...as usual
Yep, queers, illegals, and abortionistas!
Why can't all tweets be Presidential?why r u a bully?Why do u pic fights?u act like a dysfunctional teenager.get up,dress up,show up,grow up
Bullshit!!!
I'm sure they're really happy with you talking like a madman to North Korea and raising the risk of attack. Do you feel like a big boy?
BULLSHIT!
How is President Moon doing these days?
Tell him hello!! Glad your making friends...
Oh, FYI, There was a terrorist attack in Minnesota, according to the Governor there. Maybe you should look into that, if your not too busy!
I bet he wasn't happy or impressed by your "fire and fury" threat.  Poor judgement.
I see a bunch of sore losers that continue to troll POTUS. Lol sorry 's get over it. MAGA
That settles that
So, guess we have yet another alienated world leader?? I wish you would shut up & go away!
Mr President, Moon said in his book he was euphoric when 
he learned US was defeated by N.Vietnam and 
Vietcongs in 1975..
HISTORIC ACHIEVEMENT BY STRONG LEADER W  SOLID  TEAM .
Was it like you Australian can? As in total bullshit
You said we could tell you when it was time to leave, Okay - YOU ARE FIRED!
Using Twitter to govern the country's trump LOL
Arm japan with nukes.waych how fast China and North korea lay down there missles.A nuke will destroy ALL there artillery.Why the worry.B2
Make America Great and SAFE AGAIN!
Hope you didn't say anything stupid to offend NK!
Korea is not our fight. Putin would love to involve USA in fight, same as Syria. Obama did not take the bait, same as we should not bite now
First S Korea says bugger off - now they need us or that nut job in the north will wipe out South Korea - & our troops too - don't allow it
I am Ed nurse that my ex husband screwed me on my taxes so now I am pay 1394.00 an d 359.  My husband has cancer what I am supposed to fo
I know you have better things on your mind bur sometimes aren't the little things better
Keep up the good work.  Tweet selectively.  Drain the swamp.
I praise your strength, and you have shown it, time and time again, but can I ask?, a speech on NK' s inability to hit us, "HI" only panikng
McMaster is a foreign intelligence agent controlled by Soros explains why he’s constantly running  interference to President Trump’s agenda.
FYI, if you or NK launch nukes, it will pretty tank the economy for a decade. (And will substantially increase health insurance costs)
OMG. Wipe your ass and get off of the toilet already.
20+ yrs of pacifying N.Korea has been a losing hand. Other 'would be' agrsr nations watching; N.K. must stand down or face trip to woodshed.
now, you were actually on the phone, right? you know what a phone is, right. you talk to people who are not in the room with you.
very happy right. Now let’s see how many of them will support you if you started a war.
You had better FIRE MULLER before the Congress ties your hands. They are gunning for you.
I hetbhe lives you threatening to drop nukes on him too good job
