Great job! Everything seems to be running smoothly so far. Agencies all working together like a well oiled machine. Thanks #POTUS 
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. wor...
Hillary supporters, ehh can't beat em... Nope still not joining them!  #LoveMyPresident #Trump1GetOverItAlready
Seriously Obama didn't do crap during natural disasters. Trump is. #TrumpForLife #StopWhiningHillarySupporters #GetOverIT
#Trump used "big water" as an excuse for response to #HurricaneMaria & said Puerto Rican ppl aren't "helping" themselves. Terrible leader.
Is great the only word you know
Oi
,
   You mean "We aren't leaving anything to chance ANYMORE." Given any more thought to filling those FEMA positions?
Or to maybe not cutting the Coast Guard budget? Do you see how that's "taking a chance" now?
You're also shamefully using the hurricane to camouflage all the crap you're dropping on us Friday night in hopes nobody will notice.
This is Texas! Unlike deep-blue New Orleans/Katrina, when corrupt entrenched _Democrats_ made a mess of everything, then blamed Bush.
Texas has one of the best governors in the country Gov Abbott
Amen!
As long as it doesn't cost you any time on your golf course eh!That cost itself is what?50 million already?What a waist!


Working great together. We will see.
Would you people get a darn life and stop at this criticism constantly. You're all act like a bunch of damn spoiled little brats
The worst president in the history of the USA.
There is no "we" in your life. No wife, no party, no friends. Just you and your fellow white supremacists. Shameful non-human.
Many thanks to President Kelly!
#NotMyPresident

Ahahahaha !!! Still ?? You people are such a joke ... bitter B I T C H E S !! ahahahaha !!!
trump ?
Did you get a chance to say goodbye to #SebastardGorka?
WE GET IT YOU'RE NOT GOLFING

How is your extended vacation at camp David going? You pardon any more racists today?
Ben Carson violated the Hatch Act, Donnie. Another Von Tramp Family Criminal.
http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/trumps-low-approval-ratings-set-an-unwanted-record/ar-AAqIIyy?ocid=ob-fb-enus-580 …
If Barak Obama were still President, we would have been hearing his voice to calm the people down.  Not some silly tweet.
somehow I don't believe your "closely monitoring" the Hurricane and instead watching political shows or cartoons
Your the big Racist Bigot President ever your famous as a bigot  when you signed Joes Pardon  you know that was not legal right
Thank you!! 
¿Por qué? El tipo aprovechó el #HurricaneHarvey para perdonar a #JoeArpaio y botar a los #TransMilitaryBan. Es un asco de ser humano.
Thank you for overseeing @fema unprecedented pre-Harvey response & your diligent oversight along with @mike_pence For Such a Time as This.
L
You're not closely monitoring jack shit.  There's nothing you can do until it passes.  On second thought, why not go there?  Do it!
The resilient people of Texas have your back. Not like the masses of ingrates shooting at rescue workers in New Orleans.


This deserves a million re-tweets!  
You as President is leaving EVERYTHING to Chance!!!
Cant wait!!
You have tweeted 12 times about the hurricane. What are you trying to hide and cover up?
I guess Kelly grabbed his phone in an attempt to make up for his "good luck everybody" inane remark. Sorry, Kelly. Too little too late.
You're obviously not watching the news this morning. You are more hated and disrespected than ever.
To all the crying snowflakes that still can't get over Trump as president. Get used to it. He's the boss. Move on.
How about appointing a FEMA director, Herr Kommandant?
You mean working well with Texas not sanctuary cities and cities that won't clean voter rolls be specific
Your governance is divisive and toxic. Please #TrumpResignNow
The deflector in chief has been owned by Xi of China and Kim of NK. Trump was put in his place and distracts with news dump. SAD!

You forgot something Donnie! You forgot to tweet, "Unlike the #fakenews media".
Great job Mr. President.
You're orange
How mature
True.
It's true. He's Orange.
Have a stroke
You are doing nothing except spouting nonsense from your mouth all day.
You have done a tremendous job, sir!  I have full confidence that you have taken every precaution.  Thankful for all the agencies involved.
The agencies are the ones doing the work, not Trump. Give them the full credit they are due. They, at least, know professionalism.

 #USA: Haha! When a mom picked up her son at the #Antifa Protest, and immediately got a couple of slaps. Priceless! 
Mental illness is demon possession. Democrats are vulnerable, they dont even believe in God or Satan
Here's your god fearing family
General Kelly is on a tweeting spree this morning!  We know Trump doesn't care about hurricanes.
The thought that the fate of the planet rests in the hands of a mentally ill dictator is frightning!
For god's sake, Trump can't even decipher tweets anymore!
A mentally ill president is just as detrimental to our country as a president who's a traitor! Unfortunately I think we have both!
You need to look in a mirror pal. But it most be fun monitoring the Presidents tweets from your mothers basement all day. Get a life sparky!
Stop tweeting about the storm. You are making everyone nervous wondering what evil crap you are trying to draw our attention away from.
I'm glad y'all are hearing about us. It's scary down here!!!!!!!
Hang in there.our prayers are with you.
Thank you!!!!!!!!! 
I sincerely hope he's being honest about having people ready to respond. I have no faith in him, but I'm hoping Kelly and others are capable
He didn't have people responding properly before the storm which is crazy for a CAT4 bringing 40 inches of rain over 3 days. #CivilDefense
Nobody projected it to be a category 4. But our local people have been responding fine. Governor declared a states of disaster on Wed.
Resign
Why? - say something productive.  Trolling and negativity doesn't change anything
It's positive! Resign, then the US will flourish again
Oh, quit, give up, it's gunna make American Great Again. Quitting is the American way? C'mon Matt.
Good assessment of where we are
You are ..
Good one!
FIND YOUR REAL BRAINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your admin is checking people's papers as they flee the hurricane? Filling jails with illegals is your priority??
#notmyadmin
#notmypresident
#popularvoteLoser

the real winner is
ms @HillaryClinton 
#unitedweshouldbe
#ivotedforhillary
@womensmarch
thank u @TrickFreee for expo$ing the #neodooshjuvie$ who've been scripting infolie$ for filthy lucre

revenge of the nerds: mob edition
OMEGA MoOTHER sorority.
I wonder if you would have cared this much about Texas had it voted for Hillary in 2016.
I also wonder during which natural disaster you'll pardon Donald Junior.

I'm closely monitoring the storm from my couch too. Difference? You are supposed to be doing something about it.
Get list you poor excuse for a leader let somebody with character lead and that's not Pence!
Md

.Hey @CNN here's REAL news:
REPORT IT!

Court Admits DNC & Debbie Wasserman Schulz Rigged Primaries…

Cops "help" the photographer to safety AFTER he was beaten up by Antifa who thought he was Trump supporter. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4828672/Masked-antifa-swarm-Berkeley-rally-assaulting-several.html … 
Who is "we?" You aren't doing shit

How do you know, you are not there?
Thank you   This storm is unbelievable
You don't give a shit what happens to those poor people. I expect this to be the same clusterfuck as everything else you've done since 12017


How much did this trip cost ? Could have gone to help Texas. Good job.
From Canada. We're watching and caring , thoughts are with everyone.
Glad you're safe and warm on vacation
It's sarcasm
You are such a destructive anti leader!!! Why don't you QUIT????

Blessings to those familys in this time of need. 

Kamehameha
In other words." I'm watching it on TV."
Texas is under threat by a category 4 hurricane and where's Trump? On ANOTHER vacation.
FAKE PRESIDENT. Can't wait til you and your family are all in jail #MuellerTime
Have a great vacation!
U
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
musical theater is not your forte' 
I questioning your gay-ness.

Hello Trump
I'm sick of seeing our skies looking like shit.
While you're vacationing, your closely monitoring and you did absolutely nothing except hide at camp David.
Sad display delusional donald
Your comments are hollow and all you want is a photo op.  How dare you take workers away doing good for victims to fluff up your ego.
Are you eating the most delicious piece of chocolate cake while you watch Texas suffer considering you ended regulations for disaster relief
wag the dog we know what you are up to
Wish you would have been Pres during Katrina.
Im so glad your dry,warm & safe @ #CampDavid -where you're monitoring #Harvey ... a real President would actually do something. #PUSSY
Oh please.  You wished them luck yesterday.  You r not right
Dear Almighty
Grand Wizard
Of Oz,

I get that you are not
A Genie (ius)

But can you please grant me 3 wishes?

1) give Chaffetz a brain?..
2) Can you give McConnell a heart?
And my final wish
3) Can  you give Ryan some courage?
Yes monotoring from far aways Camp David instead of being close to the peolple in Texas and showing you are with them! Coward!
What you waiting for? Kick Northern Corea away from the planet. Have a ass in your trowser.
camp david? u hate that place. must be cause USSS has no more money, so now your dipping into military budget for vacations? #pendejoTrump
pls #PrayForMakurdi
Mr President go on with yr agenda! God bless you &USA!Yr only strength & stamina w u right now! Don't trust anyone!Evil is very  right now
You cared so much that YOUR focus was on pardoning the Sheriff & going after the transgendered. You don't care. just more lies.
You mean you're at Camp David on vacation, watching the Weather Channel again, in between golfing & tweeting? Poor leadership.
FAKE ILLEGITIMATE POTUS DJT SR ADMIT YOU'RE IN OVER YOU HEAD YOU R A 71 YR OLD NUT JOB COMMITTING TREASON LIKE ROBERT E LEE:=PRISON CELL 4 U
your Tweet was quoted by @CNN
Why don't you closely monitor your brain cells? Start there, get to unscrambling those old cells now.

#HurricanHarvey did not expect great @POTUS @realDonaldTrump! Sign up for more relief here: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/immediately-release-donald-trumps-full-tax-returns-all-information-needed-verify-emoluments-clause-compliance …
you and your whole family are a joke,a embarrassment to the people of the united states, no wonder the world laughs at us .
Just keep your tiny off it, and it should be OK. No one needs a fat fuck to come down and shout impossible orders.
I mean you.
Wow. Monitoring from Camp David. In between golf games?
So you think we didn't notice you gave a  pardon to a known racist sheriff used his position to consistently violate the 4th amendment?
Leaving nothing to chance by ignoring climate science that says these types of storms will become more likely?
Think you might wanna reconsider that EO gutting climate and flooding reviews for infrastructure projects now? Didn't think so.
Trump is a piece of work
Every weekend (even  weekdays) he goes on a vacation. He should be too busy on phone w/reserves
#houstonflood
When it comes time for a criminal accounting from you, there will be no pardon for you.
Its amazing how many educated people actually voted for "Trump the Chump" & after all he has said & done, how many people still believe him!
Trump has no properties here. He doesn't care. #HurricaneHarvey @GovAbbott
we usually do
Thank you for being better at disaster relief then the last 2 POTUS actually better all around then the last 2.
Total disaster in Texas, while your potus plays golf AGAIN. I think in 7 months trump has played more golf than all presidents combined!
Lies
YOU ARE SOOOOOO FXCKIN LAME!

No you aren't, fool. Have another dram and shut up.
You are on it like no other President , thank you sir.
It's an absolute disaster. Looks like you left everything to chance
yeah much like monitoring nk :P
Get off of vacation & your golf addiction & focus on Harvey!
Another vacation....what a surprise.....
Yeah, saw you sitting by yourself while others sat around working on resolving issues.  Popular vote loser!
No shit cheerleader...
PEOPLE DIED NOT TOLD ABOUT 50 INCHES OF RAIN EXPECTED IN HOUSTON....
THIS IS YOUR FAULT U LET MILLIONS DOWN...

PECTED IN JOUST
You should be at the WH, not Pence! This is your job and you suck at it! #DOYOURJOB #IMPEACH45 #NOYMYPRESIDENT
And how is the hurricane affecting Camp David? Out of vanilla ice cream and taco salad bowls yet? The horror!
get back to Whitehouse and do some work and no more golf trips. Costing huge sums of money for stupid travel!!!
Will you be visiting the disaster area?
DISTRACTION!!! Mueller is closing in. You can't hide in the eye of the storm. Resign and get out while the getting is good, Loser
No thanks to you , in spite of you . You are not needed
What the hell areyou doing? Failed to fill positions, jerk!
So, you are watching CNN
Right now we have two floods, TX and liberal's tears. Let's focus on TX/LA and rescue and recovery. Show some compassion liberals.
Oh, BTW, Mr. #FakePresident, did you pardon Arpaio partially to tell Robert Mueller you're about to use your pardon power to shred the law?
Thank you Sir
Unless you are talking about the unfilled positions a FEMA that you have not bothered to replace. THAT you are leaving up to chance.
yeah, it's going great.
#lazyboy
Closely monitoring = I'm watching TV.
Does the name Harvey stand for words  the "Hard Way" ? I can't do anything the hard way after the electric outage injury from heat of no air
How's your bowling score?
Govt workers doing their job w/no direction from u, yet u want 2 deny them pay w/govt shut down so u can waste $$ 2 bld a useless wall
It is time to "repeal and replace" income tax! Repeal  this communist plank & give Americans their financial freedom back!
WONDERFUL !!!!! THE  WAY IT SHOULD BE !!!! GOVERNOR ABBOTT HAS A LOT TO DO WITH IT THOUGH !!
the satanic elites are going into hiding terrified of what The One and only ELOHIYM is Doing through you now in JESUS Name!!!! YAHWEH!!!
Closely monitoring? Does that involve screaming at the tv?
Trump, best president ever! Libtards will realize this after he ends his second term and America is booming like in the 1980's.
I'm sure you're enjoying some chocolate cake too, while you're at it.
Eat this with your chocolate cake -
