Wow you really don't know what's going on do you you don't belong in the White House
At least the NYT isn't being investigated for criminal conspiracy allegations, or having half its staff questioned by the FBI or DOJ. Just comparing credentials and reputations, and they win.
Seriously, do you EVER do any research?  Just misinformation from you.  You embarrass yourself.
stop this hatred every day, its disgusting behavior why not look at the BE best program and learn from it.
I thought the US would stop protecting ISIS by now; boy was I wrong. STOP LYING

To all my GOP' friends and Trump supporters with love. http://hillaryclintonillness.com/giuliani2024.html …
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda ov...
blame game,  u foiled it
OMG, could you just once get something right. Fox News loves idiots because they know they will believe anything they say.
PC is the new jihad.
Hey we love you Donald !#maga
Should be a law against interfering with national security
#lawnmower
Keep up the fight President!
, you re lying again #LiarInChief.
Your a looooser
shut da hell up crazy old man that has pee on his head
damn
Remember they looked the other way when Stalin collectivised the farms in Ukraine, slaughtered up to 30million before WW2.
Someone in your admin is leaking to NYT. Find them and oust them.
in the future your gonna look back and say why didn't we have his back.. Europe is lost you still have time
Who the F is that...should be more concerned with domestic threats aka you and your family
Isn't that your job!
MP. Change your name on twitter.  I'm a conservative but U?!?....yeesh (eg this retweet).  U make Mike Power look foolish, and all Powers.
National security?  THEN LET'S TALK ABOUT CHOCOLATE CAKE WITH CHINA AND RUSSIANS IN THE OVAL OFFICE,  IDIOT!
4 years, I said. How much damage can he do, I said. Undermining the free press  in favor of  actual #FakeNews. May be the most harmful.
America is counting on you..
Stop acting like a spoiled child.  Work a little harder for the SOLUTIONS we need.
You are in a position to accomplish what you promised.  Do it.
Mr.President, For God's sake take ownership of the presidency.
Just a reminder @realDonaldTrump about your lies and the retraction of a horrible, horrible story. #DeleteYourAccount
what is their agenda?
Your English sucks
The N.Y. Times did this? So you are saying they are more powerful than the office of president? As it should be.
It is the leader's fault for chumming the waters of the shark invested media pool. I'm not about to let Trump off the hook. Call me what you want, but I know I'm a patriot.
This is #FakeNews 

Of course, you won't retract or delete it, but the truth is Fox News reported on that raid long before the NYT did.
Stop Tweeting!  I voted for you..please don't disappoint or embarrass me..please!
So he wasn't embarrassing before the election? Were you in a coma or something? #YouGotTrumped
False. This was printed in the Pentagon News weeks before NYT. Pathetic that you don't even know what's printed locally, but know FoxNews
By the look of their stock price @realDonaldTrump , the New York Times is not so failing @nytimes $NYT cc: @FailingNYTIMES 

SAD!
it's time to try the scurrilous scoundrels for treason !!!
Another lie
look in the mirror, you are the threat to National Security.
You are the BIGGEST FAILURE
So, getting your intelligence from Fox News again? They apologized, will you? Of course you won't.
This is a deliberate lie and must be labeled FAKE NEWS. You are an evil man.
Our low IQ president , yapping nonsense again.
Totally untrue.
Why don't you tweet apologies for your lies?
Why don't you have a flunky fact check Faux before you spread lies to to your ignorant "base"?
"Failing" because they don't like you. Smooth. Great comeback.
YOUR SICK AGENDA OVER NATIONAL SECURITY!!!!! You put us all at risk daily with your ego and stupidity
Fuck the media,let's talk Benghazi,Haiti,Sold classified secrets,server times for sale,laughing at rape victim,mentally unstable zombies ??
Keep up the great work for the US DJT,the alternative would have war with Russia and a million court cases to answer to...clintons secrets ?
Do you ever go back and look at your old tweets? Ironic isn't it.
If our free press fails, YOU FAIL.
Can you open your mouth without lying?  Resign or be impeached.
What about you? You gave highest coded intelligence to our enemy--Russia. Are you personally beholding to Russia financially? Seems like it.
You keep calling the NYT failing but the only thing I see failing is you..??
This is a proven lie.
They are not failing and you continue to say ridiculous things about people and companies that don't like you   Please stop.
And you can others OUT!?!?? #brokePrez
It's so funny seeing a grown man throw temper tantrums. You haven't ONE successful business and have filed BANKRUPTCY
Wrong you ding dong!
You clearly weren't told but you can't blame the Press for your military failures either.
Stop giving them interviews then and ban them from the white house press meetings.  Maybe that will seal their fate and they will close
After the military okayed the (subscription rate has never been higher) NYT story

You should get daily briefings from our government, not FOX News.
Laura is a complete and total idiot
Like you give a shit about national security. Sad! Delete your account
Liar.
Fake news
Stop your distortions. Only your base believes this nonsense!...
Big brother doublespeak- the real press is fake, the lazy propaganda machine that believes whatever it's told is real.
Our President Obama had the raw guts to kill Bin Laden. We miss him so.
So sick of these anti-American, Muslim loving perverts of justice!!
Except it didn't happen. Try a little ginger ale.
Impeach Trump 2017
Idiot
Do you EVER FACT CHECK be 4 tweeting? 45, you spread MORE FAKE NEWS than anyone!
Your pants are on fire.
Go Mr. #FakePresident make America #Covfefe again! #FakeNews #embarrassing #trumpisaliar #worstthanberlusclowni
Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar
They didn`t foil anything. your just a fool

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
If you truly believed this, and had any backbone, you wouldn't be giving interviews to NYT. But you long for its attention.
You have made more people read and subscribe to the NYT than ever before. People want real news to stop your lies!
Congrats - you're helping the REAL terrorits while you are fear-mongering  #FailingPOtuS
media crap must stop trying to sabbatage American voting system- voters MUST fight back against fat cat illegal media vote bashing system
Time to start making arrests. Treason!!!
Except Trump was wrong. He got the info from Fox News and they had to apologize to NYT. No treason. No facts.
What? Jesus  HELLLLLLLP!
Fake News!!!   So sad that our failing President has to rely on lies and innuendo.  President Loser.
You can't slam anyone about national security!  You talk w Putin constantly About our national security
Wow, fake news from u again!  Shouldn't you fact check before you tweet?
NYT published the story after the event, not before. Fox made this up, but Trump knows this, his briefings would have told him. Liar. Liar.
They didn't have any pretty pictures to use to explain it to him.
That Murdoch is getting away with his part in this Trump fiasco is insane. Fox/Murdoch is a partner.
Agreed!
Mr. President, I just completed reading the Quran! Their presence in our nation is a direct threat against ALL Americans lives!! FACT!!!
That's 3 times now FOX has left you with egg on your face. Do you ever learn? They retracted the story. It was wrong, made up. Fake news!
lmao, that'll teach you to rely on Fox news for your information! They retracted the story! You, the US POTUS, relies on Fox for your info!



KenyanThug Cared about running assault weapons to Mexican drug cartels! What was his cut? Do you know?

The NYT is not failing. You are the fake news.
Pants on fire, again. BTW you once again made a disgrace of yourself at the jamboree. Can't help it can you?
fake News media doing disservice to the American people is evil, criminal and barbaric.
Why do you sit all day watching Fox & Friends, who just keeps lying and manipulating you?  Is it part of Putin's agenda? #TraitorTrump
There must be a way to shut down the media.
There Is............Ignorance Their BS!!!!!!!!!!!!
The NYT isn't failing. You are
Again U are caught LYING for following @foxandfriends & @FoxNews FAKE NEWS! And you should apologize! DISGRACEFUL!
Their are a bunch of treasonous liberal (socialist) DemoKKKrats in this feed. 

Trumps YOUR President!

Get over it cry babies. 
And you gave the @nytimes  a big interview & trashed ur AG to them. If they r so failing & fake y don't u stay away. How do you explain it?
Dupe.

Change the laws & punish any media outlet that publicizes classified information endangering our national security.
If it's what you say, I love it!
Oh so it's the New York Times fault now, those bastards.
Faux "News" had to retract their story.  #FakeFoxNews
Fake news Don!!
ANY paper that puts their POLITICS above National Security is a DISGRACE! IF he plans n carries out an attack the blood is on @nytimes
!!!!!!
Then NO interviews with the NYT!!
You should resign immediately. You and this organization Fox News are what is causing all the "fake news" just stop your nonsense already
Except fox's news was fake news.  Hmmm.  How could that possibly be and you repeat it.  But fact don't matter to you and your loyalists.
Media and the deep state believes that through chaos comes order - government controlled & political power kind of order, not of the people.
I can't tell you how completely embarrassing it is that you get your "news" for Fox & Friends. Resign now before it's too late!
Can you do anything other than lie?
Did you learn about the mission from the Pentagon the day they reported it or Fox News?
More Fake News from con-man Donny.
General thomas is a moron and a loser.. men have been raped and some have died under his Fake command.. he is not2B trusted
huh what the hell are you talking about? i read the article stating that Tillerson wasn't convinced Baghdadi was dead - Is that the story?
This is FAKE NEWS aired by your favorite FAKE NEWS promoter, FOX. Where is your apology for falsely accusing the NYT?
Mr. President, you've just leaked some important information. Please don't telegraph your strategy
Wrong!
No need to capitalize the f in "Failing", buddy.
Well we certainly can't trust you with National Security!  You have proven that.
MR PRESIDENT THE REASON THEY DO THIS IS !BECAUSE THEY KNOW IT BOTHERS YOU !DON'T GIVE THEM IMPORTANCE!
Please link the article the did. How can we judge your claim as not being fake news?
OH  I WISH  HILERY WAS  IN THE  WH   RIGHTFULY  HERS  , IT WAS STOLED FROM  HER
