With all the historical weather events recently you would almost think the CLIMATE is CHANGING.
more precisely the oceans are warming. very scary.
Still don't believe in global warming?
It's almost as if there has been some kind of change in the climate? A climate change if you will?? 
#fakeweathernews #faketan #fakehair
That has happened because of the Climate change you don't believe in, now your people is suffering the consequences of your decision
Oh yes because I'm sure if he had "listened" this hurricane would have magically not happened 
Sure it's not a fake hurricane born of fantasy climate change?
Is this going to be the GREATEST hurricane ever?
Way to add to the conversation @CBTithecott probably spend sometime on that reply. Lol
Probably too busy brushing up on his LPSA's. I hear he's a big shutdown king now. Making CAT crackers great again.

Looks like a  John Daley esc characture, even i provided a screenshot
Pres Trump - bc of U I have never felt so connected to USA. Florida resident.
Have you opened up Mar-a-Lago as a shelter?
And he still thins climate change isn't real. #ParisAgreement #justsaying
Mate he thinks climate change is the dial on the wall in his hotel suite
4 hurricanes (3 catastrophic) in a row but there's no #ClimateChange. Denial & lack of action are #BadForAmerica & the world. Grow a brain!
That because of this little thing called global warming. Maybe you and the GOP should stop denying the science. #Irma
Federal G? I haven't heard of him. Any relation to Ali?
Prayers to everyone in Florida, please stay safe!
Aren't you glad #ClimateChange isn't real? 'Epic proportion' storms just happening out if the blue? Get a clue.
Out of the blue? Haha. No. It's hurricane season and this stuff does happen
Stuff does happen. It is just that the force of #HurricaneIrma has never been recorded before. #ClimateChange is here.
Exactly  how many years do you think they've been keeping accurate records? Get a clue. #climatechange
So you think #ClimateChange is just a hoax?
A hoax would imply that its not meant to change. Kind of the argument you support. #climatechange
Again, you're continuing to put words in my mouth. I said none of that. #learntoread #getyourfactsstraight
Ya... Turns out climate change is real. Who would have thought?
Ya got like only 150 years of data....pretty small sample Corey
"Odd. No one was in denial of America’s Aug 21 total solar eclipse. Like Climate Change, methods & tools of science predict it." -NDGT
Houston had never seen anything like #Harvey b4 either. #Irma will be followed by #Jose Noticing a pattern here Mr President? #ClimateChange
Funny how the climate changed, no?
Thank you President Trump for you and your administrations awesome response to this disaster.
Yes Donnie. Bring on the the "Swamp". Just what Irma needs. Make sure you keep applauding each other. 
Exciting times, right President Donnie?  Another Red State for you to pander and tragedy for you to politicize!  #feckoff #DonnietheDisgrace
Only the biggest for u...bigly yuge like all ur crowds. #Impeach #imprison #buffoon #Disgraceful #racist #Narcissist #Embarrassment
Why don't you go to Miami yourself and wait for the hurricane? Hopefully it'll wash you away with its waves!
On my way to D.C. area. This South Floridian was not going to stick around for this one Thanks for  your help I see the trucks going south
So glad no climate change. Just think how bad it would be if there was!
Then why are you leaving 50 US Soldiers behind IN Key West, my son included in that number if your telling everyone to get out of its way?
01 - Federal G feat. Donny T - It's Not What It Looks Like (extended mix)

Federal G and Easy D announce their hit single, Global Warming Is A Lie (Blow Down The House)!
when asked aboard air force 1 about climate change-you dismissed it and claimed that there were "bigger storms than this." you tweeted this?
I love this man! 
ME TOO! 
Right - while you escape to camp David. Serious incompetence & lack of heart. You should remain on the ready
Ineffective. Geography isn't going.to help him or us
Our governor, @OregonGovBrown Kate Brown says she was turned down flat for Federal Disaster funds. Why the favoritism? #oregonfires
You've GOT to be kidding. WTF is WRONG with you @realDonaldTrump?????
Any Book recommendations Mr.President?
He likes the Art of the Deal, anything Harry Potter and his current read, Presiding For Dummies.
Jeopardy clue:  "Federal G is ready!"  What is:  to impeach and convict Trump and half his family?
Thank you for giving America a real leader Pres. Trump! You put real Americans first. We feel protected.
Thanks for all you do. Survey sez keep Trump as prez.
THE ONLY THING BIGGER THAN IRMA IS UR EGO, THE ONLY THING SMALLER THAN UR BRAIN, AN ATOM!
You are truly one in a million, your generosity is beyond your Intelligence &  popularity, watch what happens 2020, your a forever winner.
Perhaps now would be a good time to consider how we can prevent these massive hurricanes in the future. *cough cough climate change cough*
How are you ready when you defunded FEMA? 
Are you standing under ground safe in your bunker Dude?
Get rid of HAARP!
President Trump could hit a golf ball 250 yards into 185 mph winds. Believe me!
เฟสไม่อยากให้ใครมาพูดว่ารัก
Climate change.
if federal grants are ready then why are people being denied food vouchers from FEMA...you and Rick Scott are liers
Fake news!?!?!?!?
Why are we sending  to the Palestinians? Could be used in TX and FL.
Got global warming? Ass
No global warming, no climate change. Still bullshit hm!
Real concern.. REAL CONCERN PEOPLE .people are used to the FAKE concern they say from OBAAAMA
I wish the President a happy life, the whole family happy, you unite and defeat the hurricane, God bless the United States
Fanally a President that truly cares. GOD bless #POTUS #FLOTUS.
GLOBAL WARMING. WAKE UP TRUMP.
I believe God is hearing the prayers of Americans  Irma now down to Cat.2....   Thank you Lord!  Amen
Yes and we know about it b/c it's SCIENCE & CLIMATE CHANGE 
#THERESISTANCE
Cause #Irma2017 #ClimateChangeIsReal

"Federal G?" Who the fuck taught you how to abbreviate? Also, Katrina was bigger and stronger, nitwit. Google before you tweet.
So much for draining the swamp, eh? #ImpeachNow so we can get some competent leadership in there!
Socialistic tendencies during disaster?
Take the ACA to a higher level for a true helping America.
One payer
One America
is it cuz God is angry at the scientists?
But climate change is bullshit right? how come peoples prayers aren't stopping Irma? It's almost like religion is fake and c.change is real
Oh snap. What could be increasing the  frequency of these epic hurricanes. #climatechange #ParisAgreement

It's unbelievable that Trump appointees at State/DOJ are opposing JW's efforts to expose truth on #Clinton scandals.
http://jwatch.us/kRFyQt  
You're the best!  We know you will help Houston with Harvey and Florida with Irma!  Love from Texas!!!!
So says the climate blind. #MilitiaOfTheMind  @toriamos
God Bless the people of Florida  
You are a terrible President, probably the worst we've ever seen. We are really hoping you get out of the Oval Office.
KEEP your weak co fern to yourself.  Mr. Teleprompter FAKE PRESIDENT TRAITOR FRAUD WHITE SUPREMACIST RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
Please don't forget about the USVI, St. Thomas and St. John. The people there need help desperately!
I hope Mar-a-Lago is FLUSHED out to sea! Then, maybe, #WeThePeople wouldn't have to pay for your junkets (at least down there) any more!
Climate Change Climate Change Climate Change Climate Change Climate Change Climate Change Climate Change Climate Change #ClimateChange
Federal G?  What are you, a gangsta rapper now?
How about you stop rolling back Environmental laws or anything with Obama name on it.  Pretty petty on your part
Sounds like a bad rapper. Federal G.
Yeah, we know you only like 10s but Irma will never be more than a 5
Even for those who rail against big/federal government.
What label is Federal G on? Will Melania be in any of his videos?
God is reaping destruction on Trump supporters
Thank you Mr. President
Fed G and Easy D are on it!
Your job for the last nine mo. has NOT been easy but please hang in there better days are on the way Honest. Stay safe/healthy/happy.
Wow everything is so big *marvels* wtf better get out another million dollars is what I'd be doing
Perhaps climate change is real.
Are you seriously bragging about the size of a storm AGAIN??? What is wrong with you???
Federal G - is that your rapper name?
Perhaps?! Lmao by far the biggest. dude can't even get the most basic facts right
this is a beautiful weekend for you to go to Mar-a-largo ....
You're a disaster of epic proportion. Perhaps bigger than we've ever seen. You get out of the way.
Wtf is Federal G???
God is punishing Mar a lago for your position on climate change. #DementedDonnie
I think not, Harvey, Irma... all reminders of what happened when you mess up with mother nature.... Unprecedented storms !!!
You criticized Obama harshly no matter what he did. He was 1,000 times better than you in every way. This is on you now. No excuses.
هذا مايفعله البوذيين باطفال المسلمين في بورما
كونوا لهم الاعلام الذي يوصل معاناتهم
#أوقفوا_قتل_مسلمي_الروهينغا… 
By cutting FEMA funds, appointing anti-sci moron to head NASA, trying to destroy public health and education? How proud u must be,
But that Chinese Hoax called climate change.
If only we could get out of your path of destruction.  Better chances with Irma.   Stop tweeting
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-41209243 …
Yes, but sadly there are still so many who need to leave but are not! The folks in Mexico had NO warning! You do!!
No.The epic hurricane is CHAVISMO it's located N 8°0'0" O 66°0'0" Its killed more than 29000 venezuelans(2016) and still. We're not safe :"(
USA Government seems unwilling to address the cause of epic #Hurricanes - #climatechange, which is a pity for the whole planet.
Watch how fast West Palm Beach gets relief $$ - #savemymaralago
This man is the champion for his people's protection. Hillary Clinton would've set up a foundation for to binge on for decades. Trump
Hey Don it's called GLOBAL WARMING!!!!!!
The G that you railed against during your campaign?
Many blessings to people of amerika we are thinking of you!
But there is no climate change ahh
Why are you so fixated on the size of things Harvey, Irma, your buildings, breasts your hands. Just stop dude it's fucking weird
Hey, genius, have you noticed how often "worst storm EVER" keeps coming up? Still think #ClimateChange is a "hoax?" #ResignNOW
#asshole
Toll-free Florida Emergency Information Line is 1-800-342-3557. You can receive updates on your phone by texting FLPREPARES to 888777.
Jeopardy clue: "Be safe and get out of his way if possible". What is the advice Donnie's ex-wives gave his later wives?
Jeopardy clue:  "Bigger than I've ever seen"  What are words a woman has never said to Donald Trump?
Global warming
Federal G = my rapper name  #OG
What is federal G?
Utah is save from a disaster. We didn't vote for Trump. Yay!
And you continue to deny the existence of climate change

But where will Fed G get $ since ppl like you don't contribute,but instead suck up more tax payer $ to play golf and pay secret service rent
Federal G sounds like a rapper. DJ is having problems tweeting again. Covfefe, covfefe, covfefe, the term that makes you barf. 
Make Florida Great Again by wiping out Mar Largo. If you devastate anything in Florida, let that be it Irma.
Send @POTUS a message from U.S. ALL https://twitter.com/TruthinGov2016/status/906273628874006530 … #tcot #DrainTheSwamp #DraintheSewer #DrainTheDeepState #dts #maga
My prayers and love are with you guys
fEdeRaL G
Delusional Donnie's denial of human caused climate change ignores public safety, threatens national security & is a crime against humanity!
On pins & needles!-No amt of caution is sufficient 2avert the dangers imposed by a hurricane of this magnitude-SCARY!-Howbeit,Florida D-BEST
Traitor Dickless @realDonaldTrump Irma is a result of you killing treaties & installing an incompetent Scott Pruitt as EPA head. Shameful!!
While you cut every agency involved.
Bigger than your hands?
You are of epic proportions and we can't get out of your way!! God we have tried
Ánimo
Just build a wall to stop it
Yep it is  wow !
G*D BLESS the USA.  G*D BLESS our President.
Federal G   never heard of them are they performing at your Florida resort ?
.@realDonaldTrump #ClimateChangeIsABitch time to wise up and rejoin #ParisAgreement. Your property losses must be adding up.
Bet your wall would have been just as effective at keeping these hurricanes as it would have been keeping out immigrants.
new term: #FederalG
Tell us there IS global warming please. #AdmitIt
first president that ever really cared...RT IF YOU AGREE!
Global warming will get after tab
Amazing! Federal G can bust fresh rhymes and handle hurricanes.
#LoisLearner #LOCKHERUP https://twitter.com/pnehlen/status/906344809371246592 …
Isn't that what you said about Harvey? Same words, different disaster. You're so transparent and egotistical.
Hoping you're heading south for the weekend. Camp Dav, soo rustic
THE END IS NEAR!! Global warming can't be stopped! Watch Leonardo Dicaprio's documentary before the flood. We have destroyed our planet. :(
Thanks @realDonaldTrump , and We the People work from here. Do not led Fed Gov interfere with our state or city. 
Yeah and climate change isn't real!

Federal G is my rap name.
What is federal g??????
Federal G in the hizzay.
Still think climate change is a joke Donnie?
How about you stop denying climate change?!?
Yeah, but, is Federal G your Rapper Name?
If it moves too far toward west. It may take the Gulf warm waters to build strength. Its anyones guess where it will go.
A message to all the media don't dare go looking for stories without briging help water offer of assistance ..slimy ppl go with just camera
I know you got our back  President Trump THANKYOU
you may want to start with admitting that there's such a thing as climate change and that companies like Exxon Mobile are partially to blame
Shame on you for not carding. Wink wink
Federal "G" - Lil' Donnie? Are you a Rapper Now? Could you PLEASE TRY to be Presidential in this time of Real Leadership? Think OBAMA!#IRMA
Is it making you erect? God save Melania!
Are you seriously not kidding with these words?
Lots of hateful comments but very few prayers or good wishes to the ppl of Florida...pitiful
Enjoy your vacation.
Is federal G your rap name.
トランプ大統領日本の女性が海外旅行でレイプされ、日本の行政も手をこまねいて、苦しんでいます大統領の娘さんと同じような若い女性です、調査に乗り出してください！
Global warming
Two words...climate change.
If #HurricaneIrma kills me, I'm haunting you and your family until you resign and admit @HillaryClinton is the better President! #Resign
Perhaps bigger than we have ever seen? So eloquent.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump. Here in SW Florida
Please stay safe
Thank you 
You must allow the prosecution of Lois Lerner. If you don't the Democrats will do it again. Ends justify means for Democrats.
" R "  u ready for the Biggest event,, run to the cross < Jesus > and be ready ... Mass Exodus population
