Math. Not 100%
I m thankful for potus ,  but he's talking about going Democrat and wipi g his hands with republicans be cause they don't get it.
Nobody can afford it!  O bummer stole our money and then wanted our blood!  He is one sick puppy!  I wish they still could hang him!
Let me guess, you're a Christian?
If you all stop trying so hard to erase Obama from the history books, you just might get something done!
Jeeez! You are the people running the country?! 100%? Really?! If anyone needs free healthcare it's you! Mental health is a thing.
Why do you sound proud of this? Still horrendous
They don't sound proud of it. They're pointing out the glaring error the CBO made w/scoring ACA. The implication is score 4 BCRA also wrong
RT @WhiteHouse: FACT: when #Obamacare was signed, CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017. They were off by 100%...
how is this still up and wrong
We fact-checked the White House claim and found this a misleading criticism of the CBO analysis
Your argument is the cbo was the closest to being right?? Lol
100% of 23 million is ....23 million. 
So turning to your tax plan .....
True, but I think they were taking it in the opposite direction. My analysis matches your, though.
Boston: now you are talking!  There are so many illegals on Medicaid and Medicare and not stopping there some are even on disability!
100% failure of ObamaCare would mean NOBODY is getting care. You’re approximately 44% off.  

Are you letting Spicer do math again?
And most of the 10.3M are reasonably healthy which means deliberately high deductibles prevent us from benefits per Gruber Pelosi design.
Somebody forgot how to do basic math. Embarrassing!
What is 10.3 +100% of 10.3?
THAT'S 55% dumb asses.  AFTER CBO scored ACA, SCOTUS let states OPT OUT of MEDICAID 19 states did That is why 12.7 Million were left out.
Don't you love getting your info from a white house that doesn't even know how to do division? Idiots
they estimated 23M-if they were off by 100% the number would be 0.   10.3M is 45% (est) of 23M.  Please don't cut funding for schools
FACT. Atleast obama knew middle school math
In Malaysia ... 100% of its population IS COVERED and it cost is COVERED 100% free for all.
So stop spending on War.. spend it on American!
You are a business man...who does your numbers?  Must be your son-in-law you know the one who is bed with Russia...
Socialized medicine is only answer now...for everyone including congress.  Purchase extra coverage is optional
Please help Donald Trump!!  This man is insane!  This man needs to be stopped, before we see an end to the USA.
What is it with this penchant you have for telling bold face lies? You called that a fact - then lied about the numbers. Shame in you!
U LIE! 10.4M is only the # covered through exchanges. 14.4M were covered by Medicaid expansion. That's 24.8M. More than the CBO projected.
FACT: 100% of 23 million is 23 million. Please use a calculator when doing the Federal Budget.
Wouldn't 100% be 23M? You guys need a calculator! @WhiteHouse
So that's off by 66%. Right? Not 100%. And we know that states like SC deliberately chose to not take medicaid$ and add more ppl.
What does that have to do with this conversation?  It is not racism to make a decision that affects ALL citizens of the state
I'm assuming you were responding to your other comment where you stated that leaders do what's right. I say they don't. Not this admin.
Have no idea what you are talking about, this is the first time I have spoken to you. so if you are going to jump in please let me know
How many million is the media and the Democrats saying will loose their insurance? Again off by 100%. Live in fear per the democrats.
How many are Medicaid and how many are 6,000 dollar deductibles to subsidize the medicaid?
Being off by 100% would mean 0 people gained coverage
So please excuse me if I don't believe your other statistics
#triggered
Maybe if DJT would stay on course instead of "FAKE NEWS" tweets, there would be a lot more accomplished with trumpcare. Can't stay focused
My cost, age 61, I project to go from $550 month to about $1800 with new bill. Almost 100% of income. Not doable. Bankruptcy in my future?
Thanks to your sabotage, perhaps fewer covered.Fix it, don't nix it! Btw, it cost to create ACA. Destroy & that $ wasted.
Wow no comments... 10 million people hold 307 million hostage, really?!!!
That's stupid at any level
@realDonaldTrump it's ok. I know math is hard. Frowny face.
So... there are perhaps over 307 million citizens in the US.. and only 10. 3 million are insured by Obamacare.
100% off of 23M is 23M,  not 12.7M - it's only mathematics, but who car es.  Bye the way: what's about employment growth.
Surely President Trump will ensure that by the time he is done gutting the Healthcare system ... there will be nobody left. Job well done
#FakeTrumpTweets
Bro, do you even Math???
Well where is your first day first hour first min bill that would be better?They had 7 years to work on something and NOTHING.
CBO is #DeepState with a political agenda.  They have no credibility.
LIAR !!
No mathematicians in WH. SAD.
That is 50% not100%. Learn math
Donald - give us a SINGLE PAYER health bill - similar to CANADA and end the healthcare nightmare
Donald you are WRONG - when it is cheaper to pay the penalty - you would do the same
#fact actually EVERYONE is covered by #Obamacare because all policies were affected with new requirements #Doh! YRU sabotaging healthcare?
Here is the fact check on this.

http://www.factcheck.org/2017/03/cbos-obamacare-predictions-how-accurate/ …
#FakeFacts from the #FakePresident
If they are off by 100% shouldn't that 10.3 mil be a 0.0 mil?
flat out lie.  the report was for 2016, not 2017.  this number is only for the exchanges, not overall obamacare. CBO 94%- 96% correct.
HOW MANY AMERICANS UNINSURED IN 2009?  50 MN-60M!  HOW MANY R UNINSURED TODAY? FYI, PREMIUMS WERE ALMOST DOUBLING EVERY YR BEFORE ACA!
THAT'S THE RESULT OF 6 YRS OF REPUB HOUSE OBSTRUCTION & MANIPILATION (6 YRS) & REPUB SENATE (2 YRS) OBSTRUCTION...FROM 2010 ON!
That's 10.3 million more then you have . Plus u want to repeal health insurance for every one of them if u don't get your way. Spoiled brat
Because no one can afford it. Cheaper to pay $1000. For the year that $1500. A month. But people with existing problems need it.
Obamacare is a disaster. Please repeal it now!!
Nice math Bozo!
Erm... Math anyone?
#maths
5 reasons  mathematics ends in contradiction  http://gamahucherpress.yellowgum.com/wp-content/uploads/MATHEMATICS.pdf … …
Do your math again, I think you are the one OFF by 125%
lie. Fixed:

FACT: When #Obamacare was signed, CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017. ... http://tmi.me/1fj3xr 
http://time.com/2950961/obamacare-health-care-obama/ … gee Trump @liarinchief lying. #MGAIMPEACH
And yet 23 million will lose their health care if your bill is passed.
#FraudPresident putting out more alternative facts aka bullshit lies
Whoever runs this page is an imbecile
Imagine throwing the HC system down the toilet for 10 million people.  That is what the Democrats decided to do but must lie about success
Ruined healthcare for payers just to give it away on Medicaid to the less fortunate.Why not spend the $$ for Medicaid leaving us alone?
how much did those niggerz siphon off? theres a papertrail somewhere...follow the #Blockchain
CBO IS A JOKE!
TWO WORDS : Anthony. Gruber.
That CBO Score was based on 100% (sensible, non-partisan) take-up of Medicaid Expansion...which didn't happen. #AHCAkills
MORE ALTERNATE REALITY BS, ALONG WITH MORE DAMNED LIES
Not the federal government's job to be in health care. If people want it they can work for it like I've had to and my grandparents had to
Apparently 10.3 million Americans are expendable to @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse ...though a majority are his voters so...
You might want to check your math, @WhiteHouse  100% of 23 million is - 23 million. #fuzzymath
then how come 22 million will lose coverage by 2026 Mr. President???
If there are only 11 million on Obamacare now, how can 26 million lose their Obamacare
The failure of socialism.
This isn't how % work, maybe restaff the WH science office. Or drop into a 9th grade math class.
Disgrace
Most likely because you passed bills that cancelled ot
Basic math is not the Trump staff strong suit, eh?
Let me translate that: we watered down the ACA enough to limit its effectiveness, so now we have a pretext to repeal it & make it even worse
45 if Republicans worked w/Democrats the ACA could have been amazing. However Republicans where 2 busy hating on Obama for being black.
America are supposed to be smart but 100% off means no one was covered  doesn't it???
Off by 100%, would mean no people were insured. trump, get some math tutorials, please.

Do you even math?
@realDonaldTrump You are the perpetrators of fake news! Shame on you!
100 percent of the people on this tweet arguing about what the hell is 100% is are dumb. 
What a waste of my time to even type this.
Who wrote this because your math is of by a  percent
Y'all flunked math, I take it.
@realDonaldTrump I that is how you justify killing millions of Americans?  Fact: you are a national embarrassment
@realDonaldTrump I see the @WhiteHouse knows their maths. Great calculations. 100%??? Really? Did @realDonaldTrump do this ?
THEY ARE NOT COVERED THEY HAVE A CARD WITH NO DOCTOR WILLING TO ACCEPT IT
FACT: 18 Republican Governors rejected Medicaid expansion driving rates higher than before the ACA, pricing people out, bankrupting ACA.
Fix what your party broke by draining Risk Corridors, thereby sabotaging the ACA. Otherwise, you aren't being honest.
.
you meant to say 55.2%. right?
That's not how math works...
And you estimated that the wall would be built in the first 100 days. People are wrong.
is it any wonder why this guy is such a poor businessman, while claiming he's "the best in the world!?" #funnymath
Not true! 26 year olds are on parents ins! Stop lying, we  know!
Not true
Does that math make sense????
And that is because Republican states did not support it.  Try being informed.
That would be 50% if it was true...but of course, it's not. Idiot!
I just hope Blue Cross will go back to their lower charges as they were before Ovomitcare!
So by your own logic, since CBO says TrumpCare will cut 22 mil, you'll only remove 11 mil from the insurance rolls. Well Done #OrangeTwit!
Who created this?  It's been a while since I learned percentages, but 100% of 23M would be 0. I would say the CBO was off by just 55.22%.
Somebody at the WH needs math lessons
And probably filled with many of the folks who lost their healthcare under Obamacare who were told they could keep their plan & doctors
Your math is off.  They were off by 50%, if they were off by 100% then nobody would be covered.  This just makes us look silly.
And what about the other 300 million
Your figures are off. They were off by 55.3%. 0 would have been 100%. 
Your credibility is at stake, so GET IT RIGHT!!
CBO was also counting Medicare. Nice try at the spin.
How many will be covered by yours?
That's today many covered now will drop in 2017 when premiums once again increase by large amounts with higher deductibles wake up America
Is this new math? When I was in school, 100% of 23 million was 23 million.
Isn't 10.3m instead of 23m a 44.7% reduction. Surely a 100% reduction would be 0. And this White House is running your country? Good luck!

You math much?
Great math there. Embarrassing as usual.
Lol!  Wow!  Great math bro!
CBO ACA score before SCOTUS allowed Repub. states not to expand Medicaid.
Let them keep it if they want but when it goes down they will need to find something else.They HAD to take it and NO ONE knew what was in it
What is the actual source for that meme? Besides you?
The 20 Million people the Republicans are looking to throw off of health insurance and allow to die in the streets.  Just as Trump promised.
Another lie: over 20 Million people are enrolled under ACA, including Marketplace, Medicaid expansion, young adults staying parents plan
wouldn't that be 50%?? or am i incorrect in my calculations?
And we are trusting this administration and @realDonaldTrump with our economy?  #Kindergartenmathfail
Math isn't your forte, is it?
No wonder you want to undo the ESSA. You'd fail the common core math test. How embarrassing!
That number isn't 100%. You must have failed math in kindergarten.
My guess is that the original estimate didn't factor in GOP sabotage by removing the risk corridors.
How easily we forget that a key proponent of the #aca depended upon the states expanding medicaid #protectourcare
Democrats,have the Russians hacked our ObamacareStart the investigations! Lol
You mean it's not only POTUS who can talk absolute shit on twitter, and display a total lack of understanding of even really simple stuff?
"They were off by 100%" so I guess the CBO should just be done away with at this point.
Your math is off here
Please have the CBO check your math
FACT: your math is awe full. 100% of 23M would be 23M
Check your maths.  pretty sure that is 60%
