Mr. President the pass needs to be revoked.
you should be thanking him! not mocking him! And you should never have fired him. he is honest and would do the right thing.
comey opened the investigation into the emails again thanks to the collusion of the russians and this handed you the win,

WHY  ARE  YOU  STILL  TALKING  ABOUT  HILLARY  CLINTON
Why are we not?
Because she's not president…
To be fair in a way Trump made a large scientific discovery that Hillary couldn't make. We discovered that snowflakes can be orange.
Go ahead beat a dead horse. I mean it never stops being funny right?! 
It really doesn't, Stephen Colbert proved that on Monday
Too bad he's not funny. Just another talking puppet to keep people in the mind controlled stupor.
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad...
"I was down there. I watched our police & firemen, down on 7-11, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down"
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Mr. President! Thank God you were elected! Thank God you have the strength to put up with all this BS!
#IMpeachThePeach45
FBI doesn't decide who gets prosecuted turn evidence to DOJ they decide . Tell Comey is job
He's under new DoJ. I expect to meet men from Neptune first.
He needs to b told Comey not his job to decide who gets prosecuted gather evidence turn over to DOJ that's it
You are correct, that's as it should be. However, I think the ink from the cancellation stamp is already dry.
Yeah exactly it's @realDonaldTrump fault keeping Comey is gonna live to regret that decision u don't give corruption second chances
I don't blame the prez. I blame his neocons, globalist, SJW Democrat advisors. We elected him to be rid of the later.
Well I do he's the president he could fire Comey and say he has no confidence in his ability
Ok, I understand and appreciate your opinion. However, I can't blame the prez bc in his shoes, I would make the same choice to keep Comey.
*Thin-skinned, man-child in the WH is watching TV in his bathrobe, tweeting about himself in the 3rd person...again. #NeedsAdultSupervision https://
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/859604996236742656 … 
…
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
You can bet it’s not only Comey.
Thin-skinned, man-child in the WH is watching TV in his bathrobe, tweeting about himself in the 3rd person...again. #NeedsAdultSupervision https://
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/859604996236742656 … 
…
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
You are guilty of obstruction of justice on many counts. You will be impeached, Comrade Moron.
always deflecting. The election is over why are you so obsessed with Ms. Clinton?
Yes indeed
This proves how stupid trump really is. Without Comey's help he would be mowing a golf course grass!
He gave u the pass, HRC case wz closed yours was open, he shudnt hv sd anything about either of you!
I like Comey & defended his integrity 4 doing what he could, stuck between 44 & the Lynch Bitch, but sadly he is on my list of enablers.
He made it possible for the FemmScud to launch a resist campaign with the self-anointed ruler of this country, 44The Usurper.
Does this buffoon ever shut up ? Donny go play with your toys
Why can't she be charged? Really want to know, we want justice served!
Lock her up.
Lock her up!! @AGJeffBSessions
#Knucklehead
You sir, are the the evil one with many BAD DEEDS!! FBI Director Comey was doing his job!
#pendejo
- you are the biggest phony of all!!
man hasn't forgot about it either! You keep praying!! You keep humbling yourself with these Liberal and dishonest people.
This coming from a fraudster, cheat, misogynist, racist and serial liar....the list goes on...
is it too late to charge Ms. Clinton with her crimes?
You liberals are entertaining. And you're  not being paid to do this. Working for free isn't that's the liberal narrative. Congratulations!
Go sleep Donald
Why give Hillary a free pass. Can't you drain the Clinton swamp?  As President, can't you reopen case? Comby never had authority to dismiss.
keep draining the DC swamp!
who are you calling phony????
It's too bad he's more powerful than you sir our @POTUS or else he wouldn't enjoy lying to #AMERICA and thumb his nose at #Congress!
you're the phony #FakePresident
you've got nothing better to do than tweet this shit???
How can you possibly say that. So hypocritical. No truth or integrity at all.
But as President you can get a special prosecutor and nail her and Bill.
Not just "bad deeds," serious violations of fed. law -- perjury, gross negligence as SecState, and spoliation of evidence.
Yep, a phony.. Not like you at all. You are one heck of an honest person full of integrity and decency.
I'm all for Trump! Keep up the gr8 work Mr pres.
$$$ talks and Comey received some behind the scenes
As President of the USA, you now know that holding a TOP SECRET CLEARANCE is  serious business...Comey SHOULD HAVE INDICTED HELLARY!!!
He won't give U a free pass because others will bust you for collusion. Leave Hillary ALONE.  You cheated yr way in, quiet.
To have any credibility you will need to show the tweet that expressed the same concern when @BarackObama was @POTUS44
Thanks for playing but that doesn't show how you were outraged when RW loons expressed the same thoughts about President Obama. Try again.
.Mr President, I have stick my neck,the US Ambassador to Ghana and the FBI Director are in collusion with my Barclays PLC.
Comey the phony will protect Hillary in any way. Barracks buddy.
2 many free passes on Obama admin & friends,the ppl who claimed the 5th, hmm? IRS -Clinton emails lost,Corruption,do they think we r stupid?
So true !!
Tell me about that Civil War battle that didn't happen, that you have a sign for at one of your golf courses?  Your entire life is BULLSHIT!
When the probe about Russian meddling is finally out in the open& the "fake" media exposes the truth you'll be shown for the fraud you are
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS.
Your deeds are far worse you idiot! It will all be exposed sooner than you know. The best people are working on it. It's huge! Very huge ok?
Thank you for being a wonderful President some people are too stupid to know what America is really about ... Again Thank You
Trump is the best President to ever live and America is behind him!!!!
yes he did no one else would have let her get away with all the evil she has done what a shame for others not guilty
Why not worry about your own job a while? Seriously, do something productive. Positive. Try it, it feels good to make others feel good.

a
Comey gave you the White House. Now look at the mess we're in. I have NO respect for you. Wish I could tell you that to your face.
Well well well
we have the second amendment to keep our Gov in line and prevent tyranny. such
And she still got 3 million more votes than you did.
And your campaign colluded with Russia. So there's that.
Takes one to know one. You are the biggest phony there is
Keen I - Hillary's bad deeds are CRIMINAL FEDERAL CRIMES THAT SHE MUST ANSWER FOR FINALLY. PLS. GET TREY GOWDY FOR FBI DIRECTOR. HE'S RIGHT!
YOU GOT IT MADE WHEN YOU CAN FAKE SINCERITY.
You're the one with the free pass, you lying crazy man. Millions of Americans will go without healthcare because of you.
Who's heard of a red herring?
Mr. President, I hope that you can trust FBI Director Comey?
FBI leads to personal, professional and financial destruction. https://twitter.com/Occupy007/status/860936883240525824 …
:)
https://twitter.com/Occupy007/status/835594839802556416 …
:(
https://twitter.com/Occupy007/status/830182679551242240 …
Soon after drumph was elected, he was speaking to his supporters, and said he would not put Hilary in jail because she was a good person and
Somebody take the iPhone away from the buffoon in the bathrobe in front of the TV....Geez
@POTUS when are you getting rid of Comey? He can't be trusted.
Keep flooring that gas pedal toward the edge of the cliff.

You just fucked with FBI, the people that have info on you. ALL the info. LMAO.
Drain the swamp in Washington the first thing you can do is fire Comey and call out the dirty corporate politicians on both sides .
Boy she really gets you all riled up. It's delicious.
Well now criminals can get off by saying they didn't intend to commit a crime....please fix this
You, DT, are the WORST thing that has happened to this country in my lifetime.  Your lack of regard for humanity is despicable.
"FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton ..."

Why did you keep him on?
.
Then do something!!!
Comey was the reason you got elected!  Firing him during an investigation process about Russia, only proves you guilty.
I can't defend my disastrous "presidency", so...
U won get over it go put ur big boy pants on an run the country or go home and don't look back ..preferably u do later.
I feel she should have some consequence we the people will know. She be  prosecuted when all the truth is shown
Please POTUS, Trey Gowdy.
you were quoted by @CNN
If YOUR FBI CHIEF is a phony then you must fire him. Now.
P.S. love you Trump. You're so awesome.
#TrumpRussia
You doing a Fantastic Job Mr. President! Thank You, for all your good deeds!
@FBI & him aren't the one's who were guaranteeing they would prosecute her... you're two-faced, senile, lying ass was. #NotMyPresident 
True !!!!
She got 3million more votes than you manbaby, must really hurt your narcissistic ego......ahhhhhh
Press on, President Trump. The libs are writhing in agony, and I'm loving it.
Why didn't we get Paul Ryan's ass out of the speaker seat yet?! Kick him out so the President can do his agenda! Ryan is a traitor!
You are like a broken record. You just keep repeating things over/ over.  Great to distract,  terrible for a President
Hillary was never on her way to winning. She sealed her fate when she stole the Democratic nomination from Bernie Sanders. #NeverHillary
You're the phony
Выборы не по - американски: условно побеждённый, условно - победитель...
Comey handed you the election. You got the help.
Time you go after those guilty of sedition and jail them
Shouldn't you be worrying about what you need to do for the country & not about Hillary. #badpresident #rigged #fake #evil #corrupt #Greed
Sad, you are a sad man
I never realized how many uninformed people there are, until I started reading some of the responses to your Tweets.
Are you fucking kidding me?!?! He is a big reason why you are president.
You should be a comedian. The irony of you referencing someone else as phony!
If Comey is not investigating you, then you are getting the free pass. Lies, collusion, corruption, tampering. SAD.
WTHey! You were just defending her when you fired Comey?? Are you aware of the pre existing problem w your brian? Shld see someone abt tht
Your bad deeds far exceed anything that Clinton did. In fact, your deeds are ruining and will further ruin your reputation.
Huh?  He has a reputation? If so, certainly it resides at the bottom of the swamp. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Up until he points the finger in your direction then #yourfired
Director Comey's focus should be on you and your "many bad deeds" with Mr. Putin.  #collusion
lucky me
Bad deeds! Look in the mirror! #unfitforoffice
Coney should have recommended prosecution of HRC for violations of National Security.
Carry on sir so far so good keep up the good work my man. Semper fidelis
You're the phony!!! He protected you, or otherwise you would not have won.
So if you know this then please do something she belongs in jail.
Bull crap
Thinking he gave you the free pass dude!
@realDonaldTrump @JulianAssange @RealAlexJones War on drugs means traffickers are enemy combatants, esp military & bribe-takers.
man. we need drug testing in the oval office. what the hell are you smoking?
Are you sure that you are healthy?
You won't be saying that about yourself pretty soon when the shit hits the fan
Killory needs to go to jail. What the Clinton's have done is criminal. I do like the fact that President Trump lets the Democrats be fools.
Lol
James Comey & NY AG Eric Schneiderman may well be the best things that ever happened to democracy.
In this case i agree with what comey did, however - i still believe he can't be fully trusted by POTUS. Watch your back.
Do you have the guts Chump?!
Do you have any sense of decency?
phoney baloney! 
Asswipes
Holy crap we have some whining cry babies who calls Trump a whining cry baby. He's responding to Hillary and Comey latest responses.
Why the heck are you still harping on about this? Run the country, not your mouth.
She did nothing wrong but you and your team has and it is coming to the surface
Yes so relieved him of his duties and hire someone who tell the truth
“Forget it! That plays great before the election -- now, we don't care, right?” -- your words, dear Donald.
All the way back to Whitewater, Travelgate, etc.
But you don't have to follow Comey. Your campaign promise was to prosecute her. If you do this we who put you in will be pleased,
This tweet, which was bad when sent, has not aged well.
hey Donnie, when they erect a statue of you post mortem, will it have an inscription of one of your silly, petty tweets on it's base?
Phony?! Your a phony who doesn't know politics or history!! So sad and embarrassing
One week ago, you pitiful loser. Feeling the walls closing in?
So Hillary emails , private server, her lies about Bengazy dis not have anything to do with her loosing her elction?  Hmm that's weird.
Comey Is A Fake Soldier Of Law~Not A Law Abiding Investigator But A Clinton Tool~Big Jim's Brother Is Clinton's Attorney!! Stinks Like HELL
The phony? LMAO! Hello pot, the kettle is calling.  YOU are the phony! FAKE Prez!
Your tweets belittle your office.  #FakePOTUS

Do you realize you're insane?
Indictments are coming, huh?
I doubt it. If they had evidence of anything it would have been months ago.
