29 million out of 320 million isn't a bragging point....just sayin'.
The entire free world is really sorry. We apologize to the free world.
He's trying to put the fix in but so far failing. World follows only the embarrassing news.
That's ridiculously false. He hasn't even brought his own jobs back and neither has Ivanka.
Hmm, no, it's Fox to @realDonaldTrump the CommanderInTweet  @Canadiansparty1
LOL....You're a Russian egg!!!

98% of the world's scientists think you're full of crap.
Watching Comey almost laugh when asked about your ludicrous tweets yesterday-don't you get you're a joke?
(He doesn't get it.)
the Dems want t use Russia so we won't focus on Hillarys email scandal !
Hillary's emails are done, nothing there. Now on to Russia, they have been investigating since July!
These idiots keep beating that dead horse but somehow Trump's treason doesn't interest them.
Weird I don't even get it!
You just been branded as a slanderer. Way to go!
Quick, refute Chris Cuomo. Tell us you're not really watching CNN this morning! @cnn @ChrisCuomo
you spelled it wrong. Faux - there ya go Trumpy
@CNNPOLITICS  @realDonaldTrump Ignore the LIARS
saying the news is fake doesn't sound good
Simple explanation:  Fox likes you, and you like good news.  Anything bad, to you, is fake news.
seek mental help
seriously man this is not how you #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@FoxNews Dude… Fox is FAKE NEWS. Hasn't anyone told you that?
you're disliked in both polls! 
What CNN is airing is your approval rating...on a Gallup poll...not a CNN poll.  Sinking fast, Donnie.
fox "news" polls were also terrible for you...
You are wasting America's time and tax dollars whining about media and obsessing about vanity ratings. Sad! #TRUMP
if Slovakia can ban Islam maybe we can too. Keep America safe.
.@realDonaldTrump Just heard that you are doing FAKE presidenting again!!

Be afraid be very afraid it you who will be at the bottomAGAIN!!!!!!
not fake at all. More than 1/2 USA hates you and some of the other half is FINALLY seeing the light #RESIST #IMPEACH
just heard you need a diaper change and a warm bottle
You are a global embarrassment.
it's every news outlet saying your approval rating has fallen to 37% and I think that's higher than reality. Fox had your rating drop too
look President Trump I am not going to be disrespectful, but since you have been in office, all I can see out of you is
a real screw up! Please lay off the news people it sounds like you are whining like a baby! I voted for you but now I am
....I feel like a fool having voted for this embarrassing excuse of a human being..
Keep up the great work, Mr. President
The right wing yellow pages rate you beter than CNN. Shocking 
CNN is nothing but a hate filled mongering lying channel #maga
did you say Fox

instead of winding conspiracy against you-u better take care of doing what you have been elected for. be president !
Putin-Trump 2016: Make Russia Great Again!
 @realDonaldTrump
k my son
Cry me a river.  You are under investigation! Better get that orange jump suit ready! At least your hair & skin match!

Oh, just give it up.  I can't believe you are even tweeting after your last disastrous tweets. When will you learn.
Your shrinking base of diehard supporters only watch #FoxFakeNews,never anything provable of course. #TheDevilsInTheDetails
you should be ashamed of yourself. Millions of Americans trusted you. I am saddened and horrified daily by your lies.
Do you understand how percentage chances work? Do you at all understand a non-0 is still a chance no matter how low it is?
Seriously dude???
ohhhhhhhhhh fake news
YES! CNN is terrible, ESPECIALLY today! What was the time again? 10AM? Was that their MOST TERRIBLE time?
Or when is that COMEY guy coming on to spread his FAKE NEWS on that FAILING network called CNN?
ewwwww
Donald Donald Donald. Can you TRY to just ACT presidential?
You’re just a big child. Everything you don’t like is “FAKE NEWS”.
"socialist party" never ever will be prominent in America
Some people are so totally brainwashed that they’d rather let capitalism cause their death than have a great life with socialism.
America wasn't founded on socialistic beliefs nor did it become a world power by those means. Move along your not needed here.
oh no socialism shows it's dirty head! Everyone knows capitalism is best. Survival of the fittest, not sharing
Ur the only fake on I see
And Fox is nothing but Fair & Balanced! Got it! Wow!
Tax breaks for upper 1%. I predict you never win another election.
HELP OUR PEOPLE. THEY NEED MONEY. WE ARE PART. OF THE UNITED STATES. COME HELP  
US. TO GET THINGS TO  
PUERTO RICO THEY NEED. THINGS SO THEY. CAN  REBUILD  THEY ARE AMERICAN
Not even Fox is backing you anymore! U lost Chris Wallace & Shep Smith! Ur left with/Breitbart!
Trust me Pres. Trump no one believes any poll. Polls are pseudo science.
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much h...
Fox Polls were Off during the Election also. And since turning into Trump Central, I wouldn’t believe any Fox Polls.
The more diverse the polling the more accurate the results overall. Or is that EXACTLY what you're trying to avoid?
Fox does them too. Your numbers are falling there as well. So you want to go ahead and call them #fakenews as well?
When you read the fine print it's a poll of 100 people at the Beverly Hills Whole Foods juice bar. #Biasedmedia
Mr.President 
Are you going to pardons Sheriff Arpio ?
I hope so , he always stood for law & order & he
always has respected our country.
“In my view, Fox has degenerated from providing a legitimate and much-needed outlet for conservative voices to a mere propaganda machine for a destructive and ethically ruinous administration,” Peters continued.
The reason your loved President Trump is because your standing with the Truth; and good job for not paying attention to Fake News;
Dear  Mr President.
We do not believe them.! 
Blessings !
UR one very bad (or sick?) sociopath. @FoxNews has ZERO credibility & esp since you r bizarrely advertising for them now!
Here is a list of polls and what they say about you, including Fox News;
So Fox News has your approval ratings here: 43% approve and 51% don't approve.
All Americans matter.
All lives do matter. I've seen racism throughout my life. It exists so let's not pretend it doesn't.
I don't know the absolute specifics here but often background is taken into account
you also said one time to Anderson Cooper he has high ratings. Forgot?
everything you post on Twitter is fake news.
Only because your supporters are home all day and watching Fox.  Rest of us are working.
Americans have been to town halls demanding healthcare, if you pass this bill you will lose the house/senate in 2018
shocker.
The best voter is an angry voter.
Rasmussen (conservative-leaning pollsters) has you falling below 50% (46%). The Emperor has no clothes & it is showing! lol
try paying attention to the poor people who will be hurt badly by the ridiculous healthcare plans you are hatching
Trump surprised his approval down b/c he claims we LOVES HIM, best POTUS EVER!! HAHAHAHAHA.
Trump pathetic has to re-live election campaign high to stroke his ego what an EGO it is!.
fox is the fake news - seriously can't believe you're in such denial about everything
You are a LIAR and a DOLT!

if you truly cared about your ratings, you would put America first and not your ego! #Trump #TrumpsAmerica #trumpswamp #45
because Fox is the biggest fake news.
Why is that "fake news"?
why are you so obsessed with this?? #letitggo
FOR GOD'S SAKE STOP SPEAKING! YOU'RE ONLY A LEGEND IN YOUR OWN TWISTED MIND
Stop Your nonsense !!People are getting worried and you have lost your voters.
you lost Donnie face it Mr ego
have another drink and call it a night!
@ResidentOfFL CNN not even in top ten any more
Doesn't matter.  You are still a Loser and a Liar and will soon fact the ultimate polling and fall from a very high place.
can you just stop tweeting for say about 4 yrs so you can do president stuff. Just an idea!
Oh yeah, because FOX is soooooo non-partisan. LOL
@POTUS44 1200 VETERANS COMMITTED SUICIDE SINCE YOU HAVE BEEN PRESIDENT< #NEVERFORGET< #TRUMPMAFIA<64000 obama had,
Much lower IQs at Fox.
Actually, you're tanking...thank Stephan Miller for killing your credibility. He's the Democrats dream come true.
way to use your position to promote a friend's business.
you remind me of Nixon

.
Ratings are different than polls. Just do your job!
CNN news so fake, Pulitzer gave it a Pinocchio shaped prize
So did you see CNN's response to your tweet in response to CNN? You should probably do that. Resign.
@CMassaro723
Stop worrying about fake news. Don't you have a disastrous and dangerous health care bill to push through?
for fake news you####suredowatchitalot
Fox sucks.
umm, k-we got it
Your wire tap claims were based off Fox News. Your fact is officially & publicly a lie. Fox News is fake news, duh!
fake polls? Oh, you mean polls on you, the fake president. #dumptrump #imposterinchief #putinsbitch #treason #shitgibbon
no one is fooled by you. Your in the 30's, historic lows.  Sheep believe you, the wolves are looking for you. Disappointed
Trumpy - your are kicking @ss in your first hundred days just kidding
Fox is only correct news in the country.. oh maybe they know all the alternative facts!
stop tweeting youre not helping yourself; each tweet is worst than the previous
You are ridiculous already!  Do us a favor and resign. Move to Russia.
Your approval ratings are a DISASTER because Americans do not like you steering the ship.  #trumptitanic
Healthcare fail poor leadership
we agree with you! CNN is fake news! They wouldn't know real news if it was thrown in their laps.
Who cares what you heard. Just the facts, please. And stop name-calling.
when star to act as a president STOP ASHAMED Americans
37% approval rating damn that sucks.
You need a Doctor, urgently. 

May be more than one.

1. Russia links
2. Tax report release
FOX is FAKE NEWS!
Why you mad cause they call you out on your lies!!!
Not true, but you keep plucking that chicken.
Fox is another SELLOUT
so you talk about the fake news all the time but your a fake, a liar, and the worst president in any country! You get #5G
Still not sure why #FakeNews is allowed in the @whitehouse press room? CNN is a Tabloid on steroids. Pls reconsider.
You are the only one who calls Fox journailsm.
hey, at least you are finally admitting that you favor FAUX NEWS
Fake
Your favorability rating as of 2 days ago was 37% @realDonaldTrump The lowest  rating 4 any POTUS in history, Why is that?
Brand promotions from your office are unethical. Facts are like firearms in a fight where all you bring is a bullshit ax.
CNN reports facts..no wonder you don't like them. You're a damn liar. Impeach NOW!
ratings don't = #truth #FOXNews #sycophants and #propaganda
sos un racista
of course because Fox is Fake News
you're President of a country. Surely yoy have more important things to worry about than results of an election the you won
Ratings are NOT an indication of quality or veracity. BTW, "veracity" means truthfulness. It's a big word. Not yours. #Trump #TrumpLies
“If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it. Goebbels
Yes, you're right, they were a disaster.  We weren't prepared for the disaster that is YOU, o crude and vulgar bully.
They just didn't factor in Russia !  Polls are solid estimates of "real Americans" not your #legionofgloom they will be back in their caves
hope your impeachment will come soon.
President Trump, you are doing SUCH A GREAT JOB. I'm so glad YOU are our PRESIDENT 
you are really something, just leave the WH asap
you keep lying when will it stop
shut up, run the county for the PEOPLE
mocking freedom of press is an early sign of fascism
Fox polls show your tiny hands are rated lowly too! Tiny! Smallly!

oops, back to the "just heard" tweets.  Attention deficit much?
Don't worry Prez, we didn't listen to them then and we're sure not listening to them now.  Keep up the great work!!!
I don’t agree with your policy. Are you a fake president? Like that fake university? #growup #resignplease
not take news, you lie ALL the time and create chaos EVERYDAY....ALL I CAN SAY IS IMPEACH
#fakepresident
Oh you call it fake news when your spot is blow up, there's no such thing as fake news, only a child will call it that, lol
When Obama railed on Fox News, CNN and the others said nothing. Now it's their turn.
#DonTheCon you're the primary creator of fake news AKA propaganda
your approval rating where I live? "0" Mr. You SUCK!
People do polls and they aren't exact science but then again you don't like science so figured you would be happy about it.
I reported this tweet to the office of government accountability. You are using your position to promote a company.
Um, think that may have had something to do with your Russian handlers.
have they not canceled this cap show yet. Oh wait Forgot president orange man is real life OH GOD. Man child as president
Donald Trump on the campaign trail... so confident. Donald Trump as president... WAY OFF. LOOK IN THE MIRROR!
Aren't you supposed to be governing or something like that?
Don't cut mental health care too soon...You're gonna need it!
everyone I know was 100% behind you President Trump
with the media. Continue to focus on doing right for the people that elected you. Take care of health care. Then Debt,
trumpDEATHcare @potus STARVATION budget @gop @TheDemocrats
if you like your plan you can keep it if you like your doctor you can keep it
oh yeah it wasn't supposed be a tax that's what all the Democrats kept saying
The only way it could be passed was by making it a tax. Le
let's not forget about how many people lost their plans originally because of The
at the same time The website wasn't even working for about a month and a half
if this was such a great idea then why did the governing powers exempt themselves
