#POTUSTrump has the strength to wrestle the enemy, because the power of God and prayers of #TrumpTrain energize & protect him.
Amen
Hello lamb, our South Korean friend!!! We are very hopeful for the success of South Korea! And as a result, that your life will be immensely blessed also!!

Thank you for supporting the #USA & #PresidentTrump!

Sending you love & hugs!
Thank you sir
God bless America and Israel forever love 
#BeBest
As long as twitter continues to remove the like tag I put on this, I will know they are still biased and anti free speech.
Donald Trump is a fraud, con man, serial liar, a completely dishonest man, corrupt to his core. Trump has no dignity, no morals, no respect. 
He consistently projects his guilt  onto others. Neil Cavuto from Fox exposed him...
#LOCKTRUMPUP
Hi
Trump! You are the bigest dog in the world .
Lol tough guy Trump
You're quite the virtual gladiator.  Wanna try that on me?  For real?
Only if you promise not to beat me to a bloody pulp.
It's still funny!
Come on Mr.President. You're making it very difficult to defend your actions when you stoop to something so silly. Be #Presidential !
With respect, Trump can NEVER be anything other than what he has always been, and over these many months we have learned what that is!
As funny when it was broadcast first time @WWE but even more funnier with @CNN banner! ROTFLMAO!!! #MAGA Keep up the good work Mr. President
More funnier?
Yes it is! Cause the LIBERALS media is going through more mental breakdown! I love it!!! I hope the LIBERALS media has a total meltdown!!!
Is "Liberals" meant to be possesvive or plural?
Liberals rock 
He didn't get it
the reason this is so popular is because every thing 45 does is as fake and pro wresting 

he's a hypnotist.
na donald trump is the best president we've ever had, get lost libtard
pro wrestling fan, i take it?
not at all, i voted trump and im happy i won ^_^
did you tho?

what do you think has changed for better in your life after only 6mo of his "leadership"?
here let me educate u http://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-100-days.html …
Waste of time trying to explain anything to a libtard. They are brainwashed from 8 years of Obama crap.
did you just wake up from the nape you took in 2009 or something?

"libtard" 

obama brainwashing?

those buzzwords are a decade out of date.
President Dotard doesnt give a shit about any of you and you all know this. He only loves himself. His rich friends. Not you

You've got to be kidding me...
@barger537
Bahahahhahahaha
very good mr prsident rile him up further.
You will be MORE than complicit, if some looney follows through with violence against journalists.  You will be directly responsible.  Your rhetoric is unacceptable.
If this is a president
this is the best video that i have ever seen... go president trump....    hurrrrayyy......
Here's your bone spur hero:
CON MAN taking us into a whirlwind of SHAME AND DISGRACE.
Real question is it true that a 15 year old use this video and get black mail by CNN I heard a lot of people side that

That data as couldn't beat his meat
Whatevs #FraudPrez #ShortFingeredVulgarian #FakePrez #WhinerInChief #ColluderInChief #RussianBallLicker
Awesome again
What a jerk.
@adallyceane  n sei dizer a emoção que senti
So how much you pay WWE to get on there show let me a guess a small loan of million dollars
Its Their and I'm pretty sure Trump was the one being paid. Wrestling is fake btw
@hiddenshark
So Presidential.  This apparently was the Red Herring... but what we're you detracting us from?

The fact that there is footage of our president beating someone up is insane.
"TRUMP IS MY PRESIDENT" TRUMP 2020, GOD BLESS TRUMP!

Fighters will win.
Class tweet
Advanced Alzheimer's!

so now ur a comedian (if you weren't already before)
Aren’t you supposed to be busy right now?
Pa look at my feed, I think you'll find we share the same hoped for our country and current POTUS
love the smell of jellycrat desperation so early in the morning!
@CNN has gone full #Propaganda
Very fake news
We know 2 reasons 45 won
(1)Russia hack & stole our votes (2) Racists were so angry that a Black man was President they wanted to retaliate
I watched that video on YouTube.  U did a good thing.  He deserves it
Yep
@Cornu_Ibo nie normaal da ne president da op twitter plaatst 
Idiot
Donald trump is a beta + hillary is a beta -, he won, CNN is junk, just junk,
YOU'RE A FRAUD, STOP WITH THIS UNAMERICAN ACCUSATIONS. YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE OUT HERE WHO IS A TOTAL FRAUD. THE WORLD KNOWS IT.
Mr President introduce a law making Fake reports a criminal offences
Trump will resign. Trump your an embarrassment. A president with no power. You have no power. You cant even control your mouth.
Best Tweet of 2017 

Ругается по-нашему!
Dicksuckers filthy drooling clitoral wastes
@DontGoAwayM4d Stay Golden #ponyboy
Fckng hilarious XD
This is not how a grown man behaves! Your antics are childish and an embarrassment.
还是那句话，美国换谁当总统都一个鸟样，因为你们的制度有问题！！你们制度最大的问题就是自身问题发现不了反而去给其他国家制造麻烦！特朗普不向权贵低头，那是因为他自己就是权贵，也只有白痴才会支持这样的人，不过制定美国体制的一群人更是一堆无能弱智，这种垃圾制度只能恶性循环！


Always will be a favorite of mine!
Keep up the great wirk
Baby punches
Get off your phone
KEEP IT ALIVE
The President of the United States of America is shitposting. I love it.
| Why is this still online? It's violating Twittter's terms & conditions.
@johnfromsyria
Awwwwww MiLo's got a new wrestling hero.... Rapey Russian Don! i bet he'd go to the mat for him......watch out 4 the orange stain tho :D
@MineBeast64 mitä helvettiä :D :D
GOD THE IRONY
Seems to me its not only CNN going down. Lol

Yea!
fake president -- so sad

Legend
This never gets old!!! I President Trump!  This is Great!!!!
Impeach Trump 2017 Impeach Trump 2017
Funny how my RT and like disappeared.

#FNN
Destination smack down
I this tweet! #MAGA #CNNisisis #cnndirt
what a loser. This trash in our WH will be gone soon enough.
Who was that Mr President .. Putin??

do you remember when I tweeted to you about your book and that it was going to happen for sure
can't explain how but I knew
Congratulations!
our "so called president". So sad.....
please read the constitution - the part about freedom of the press.
and also ask your staff if it's legal to physically attack someone - knock them down, punch them, etc, esp when unprovoked.  you don't seem  very well-informed. you don't seem much like a president at all.
Oops
I just can't stop laughing about the fact that this is the president of the United states
WTH!! Is that our real president?!!....,
That's my Pres.!
Boring...
Have someone remake this with NFL logo.
Obama could ride a skateboard, but Trump isn't a heckin normie like him and posts memes.
@saharsalehi_
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
#FakePresident
Everybody is getting mad but CNN did it to themselves. If this is what the president decides to post let him post him. It's not hurting you.
Bunch of .........
Just keeps on getting funnier MAGA
Trump tweeting this makes it funnier.
Trump. You are the Russian spy. It's obvious. Poland.
Go ahead and prove it
Best meme in American history.
I have retweeted this...
Oh Just maybe 10 times or so... 
MAGA 
Makes me Laugh each time 
#CNNFAKENEWS
When a snarky kid isn't taught that when another kid insults them its better to chill and talk instead of making a scene on the playground
Thank you for working hard for our country 
Suppppaaaaa 
i would be very honored to have a wrestling match against you. of course it would be fake for your sake #fakewrestler
@realDonaldTrump
we are watching you Donald J. Trump we do not forget we do not forgive we are legion
Add NHK!! 
@realDonaldTrump: I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
Give it to them with both barrels DT.  Sick of media lies and misrepresentation.
Still the Best!
その調子で金正恩をどないかして
Can someone (with an income less than $100,000 a year) please explain to me what President Cheeto has done for them? Something tangible.
you won't make love to them though
I thought we were supposed to be changing the rhetoric in DC #stevescalise
All these people chanting cnn talking points are a disgrace, not the only president to do anything for sixteen years
SAD
Remains the greatest tweet of all time. #MAGA

I'm dead

This is not befitting of the office of the President of the US to tweet or you to retweet. Where is our dignity as decent Americans?
About the only publications Trump will dominate in the end are the psychology and primate journals, newsletters.
Ich seh das ja jetzt erst. Das ist der Präsident? Und der twittert das noch selber ? Die Amis machen sich doch langsam nur noch zum Affen.
So your answer for gun control is MORE GUNS??? Leadership at it's best. NOT.
GOAT
This report known to come from Russia also fake. Hypocrites. Our ctry interviens in ctrys everydy, Ukraine, Afghanistan
just as fake as your wrestling win...and your hair..and your tan, your policy, your credentials...got any REAL experience?
They post this to cheer up us. We wish it was true. You need a smack down. Real issues plz. Gun control! Welfare!U getting a gag? #doyourjob
Same approach as in the 1930's. Fake news, rounding up people who disagree!  WOW! Dejevu
I am just REELING as an American your age that you'd even THINK of Tweeting this stuff. "Modern Presidential? HARDLY.
Smackdown video 7/2. Now 8/19 after #charlottesvilleterroristattack #KKK #neonazis cowardly run down maim #TheResistance, kill #HeatherHeyer
This isn’t fake?
エルボー パンチだパパ強い
I  thought you made this video so I wrote to you and thought you should just leave Fake News alone so I am truly sorry now think very funny
Since you advocate violence, Americans are more likely to act violently than not.

The #BULLY #PRESIDENT
cant believe he have 33 M followers lol
What are you, 12?  You're the president of the United States, ffs. Start f*cking acting like it.
This is great go Trump!
I love this . CNN ARE TRASH . They should have their broadcasting license revoked . CNN = CRAP NONSENSE NETWORK .
You are just batshit.
#PigVomit you’re nothing but a POS Tyrant
I love it lollll Go President Trump get them

@TyrelMartin
I missed this one but is this @realDonaldTrump 'secret' chat with Putin during the #G20Summit ?
You mean the hot mic where Obama promised Medvedev that he would have more flexibility after the election to conspire with the Russians?
Oh good grief! What next! Someone out there , everywhere out their leave this fine man alone ! He won! Get over it! He loves we the people!
