we are still behind our president keep up your agenda but you have to find n stop the leaks n dispose of it.
Arrest and Prosecute the leakers, the financiers who are funding the riots and unrest
hi I was at the protests a few weeks ago. How do I get my check?
hey presido,Hz the going?
will u invest in my vape pen company needing a small loan of 45 million dollars in return for 3% of our company @KingJames
You know you are (unfortunately) President Trump right?
Good work Mr.President. Take a bow.Another promise fulfilled.Big league!
WOW... 1 African American and female in the room.. Donny's great america!
So45, how about the latest article in the NYTIMES! You are a traitor! #notmypresident
your doing g a great job Mr president God bless you and your family
I feel like that u are doing a amazing job and keep smiling and stay safe and god bless
Repeals rule of the Dodd-Frank Act requiring oil & gas companies 2 reveal taxes paid 2 foreign countries. How does it help?
Well it does 'help' for sure. To whom, is the real question.
I ran out of space.  ;-) Wanted 2 say "how does it help the little guy". Could all this just boil down to OIL?
Look up the Rosneft sale in Russia. I think that's what @potus is hiding in his taxes. #resistance
I agree.  I suspect OIL is involved in this mess. Everyone in it for themselves.
GO GO GO GO GO!!! Thank you Mr President!
How is less disclosure better for the American people?
please stop tweeting crap of you talking. It's like fingernails down a chalkboard!
Why did you unfollow Kellyanne Conway? All WH twitter accounts just unfollowed her...why? #TrumpIsGoddamnRetarded
Oh, those were remarks?  And here I thought you were just blowing smoke up their ass.
Trump sirWill North Korea see the provocation?Remove

"I may have committed some light treason."

keep up the good work! Rome wasn't built in a day. America was turning into a bunch of pansies. Finally got our nuts back!!
great job
REMINDER: Obama went 8 years without a staff member resigning in scandal. W/ Michael Flynn, Trump couldn't last a month.
remember Obama deported 3 million people that works out to 1000 a week his entire presidency

When are we going to see jobs?  What about infrastructure?  You talk about it you're pretending to be a man of action, NOT
You're going down as the WORST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF THIS COUNTRY.
why keep referring your self as president Trump..YOU are that person.
.@realDonaldTrump How about getting an explanation of why you didn't force Flynn to resign sooner?  You knew about his call for weeks.

Betsy DeVos bought her job. Pay for Play!

Jesus, it's hard enough to listen to you. Your speech patterns are impossible to read. #yesicanread
'I really wish NBC had let me do a fifteenth season. None of this would have happened.'
are you a reporter now???
.@realDonaldTrump What better way to drain the swamp than roll back protections put in place after the recession!
Make America The Wild West Again!

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/831621079747723264 …
Yes, Trump. This is what the Average Joe wanted! Less restrictive financial measures for oil and gas extraction!
and I, for one, wouldn't want anyone telling me if they'd given money to a government to get drilling rights. No siree
1 showy attempt for the voters, 2quiet things for his rich friends
Cause what's another Great Recession to get in the way of them making extra profits?
Or why should people expect those managing their retirement accounts do the right thing for their clients! On & on
It was always going to go this way. People are suckers. Rust belt screwed the country having a sexist tantrum
"thi is too long" and "Where is my pacifier"?
the president who hires the best idiots?
Okay, so someone else is now writing your twitter posts, right?
committed anymore treason lately? Spy ship on our coast. Missle launched and we hear nothing from you.
I'm finally believing in how you can #MAGA ....by resigning. 
#ByeFlynnicia
Not really interested. Everything from the White House is dictated by the Kremlin anyway. IMPEACH TRUMP!
thank you Mr President

great
@cher should be in there giving guidance, and common sense to you @realDonaldTrump 
You, @WhiteHouse and @POTUS all just unfollowed Kellyanne Connway... got something you wanna tell us?!?
Failed executive order, Flynn resignation, now CONway fired? WH is a joke rn... u did turn it into a show!
you're watching, aren't you. If he is you're one of the suckers watching.
#TheResistance
Dems either ignorant or have no common sense to the fact that the PEOPLE VOTED HIM IN!
Its over.The leads you had Jan 20.is gone.Nothing will be done now.Ryan blew it big league. Bad day!
Did you remark about how the majority of Americans don't like you?
Pretty sure I just saw a poll saying he's at 50% currently which is climbing!
you're so funny!  check the facts:
I'll trust someone who didn't predict a landslide win for #crookedhillary for poll numbers ;)
Hillary  UP 3 million votes FIVE times the margin of any recent win - Rump selected
3 million? Um okay...strip away the illegal votes ;)
Wrong. Already debunked. http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2016/nov/18/blog-posting/no-3-million-undocumented-immigrants-did-not-vote-/ … Try harder.
I'll believe a better source then Politifact hahaha Better chance of getting me to believe you by quoting CNN hahahaha
crooked trump! Lock him up!
You mean crooked George, you fucked yourself pal.
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
- You are kidding right? This guy doesn't have a Godly bone in his body! How can you evangelicals be so gullible?
I know it's a quote, but stop referring to yourself in the 3rd person
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/02/14/remarks-president-trump-signing-hj-resolution-41 … ...
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
@realDonaldTrump
Bad idea. We need more transparency, not less. Back room deals are BAD for democracy.
You can tell they took his phone away again because this tweet is calm and factual.
Lack of exclamation points is a giveaway as well.
Or single-word sentences. That makes me... SAD!
& correct spelling.
or a BUNCH of RANDON words in all CAPS!
The best words? SAD!
Sad tremendous great terrific bigly great words
How will this bill create jobs? Sounds to me like it creates more money for the 1%.
say hi to pooty
is this where you release your tax returns and put your assets in a TRUE blind trust??? Or overturning transparency laws?
My entire family and network of friends doesn't like you
why do you talk about your self like that oh that's right you have a mental illness malignant narcissism
less transparency is not how you drain a swamp...
I see you unfollowed @KellyannePolls !!
thank you for all you do
Drain the swamp!
Trump
Pence
Bannon
Good start there, but keep going after that

ok.. HJ or BJ? Not sure if I should be happy or scared...
You will fail.  Your administration will fail, and the American people will have to pick up the pieces.
looks like the haters love your tweets also...
Why are the remarks in Russian and your lips aren't moving? Oh yeah. Right.
i support the President on signing this resolution.  Regulations need to be reduced.
Repeal the law that makes oil&gas companies tell us who they are paying to extract our nat'l resources only helps them lie!
@POTUS Hey, thanks for sticking up for those poor, helpless energy companies!
What did you know? When did you know it?
@KellyannePolls Kellyanne Conway looks like Pamela Anderson on meth. @jimmykimmel
On the topic of extended years to get our SSN benefit , Congress did everything Bernie Maddoff did. Send them to Jail.

oh look, we can single handily count all of trump's black friends.
Flynn down.  Damn, Karma is a bitch and it's spelled "Ha, Ha, Ha"  As the dominoes of Russian moles and traitors fall

We now have someone that is finally for the people
Were the remarks in Russian so the majority of Trump supporters could understand? #PutinPuppet
It's no longer Democrats vs. Republicans. 
It's USA vs. Trump Administration.
#ImpeachTrump #removeTrump
'
We Are in China Could hire American people Who Are out of work come to us as full time foreign English teacher.
なにしてんの？
I wish to God Flynn was still on your team.  I hope you are not caving to pressure. Who cares if he is friends wtih Putin
#followthemoney #illegitimatepresident the REAL story is your tie with russia #trumpknew and your remarks? #wordsalad
No one wants to hear your remarks, @realDonaldTrump, unless you want to confess to your collusion with Russia and then resign.
#impeachTrump

Because asking companies to list foreign gov. investments was such as burden! This allows shady business - Trump special!
how much are you making on this one?
you are the biggest liar going! The noose is getting smaller!  Can't wait to see your involvement with Russia! GOING DOWN!
"we're bringing jobs back, big league" - an actual remark you made.  Adults don't talk this way, you posturing child.
Russia.
Why give #terror #Saudi medal? Beware MB #Erdogan rage.
Thank you again Wow
7 character flaws of people who admitted they voted for you:
Your remarks give no insight into this JR, other than "regulations are bad", and "no legislative oversight"
No details on WHY it's bad; do you even fucking THINK before you sign these things?
#NationalEmbarrassment #Resign #PutinsBitch #WallStreetSlut #WhineyLittleBitch
who cares traitor.
滚犊子
when you chanted 'drain the swamp' did you think to mention you would refill it with oil?
more pandering to banks.  You're no champion of the working class
embarrassing ... NOT draining the swamp at all but throwing in extra snakes and gators...Sad...
you're doing good. take care of yourself. There's a lot of stress that comes with dealing with monsters all around.
Wow. Lots of Trolls on this feed.
TREASON - the crime of betraying one's country. You are guilty and will face punishment.
Traitor in chief.
it will catch up to you
How is Mike Flynn doing?  What does he know about you?  What will he tell everyone? When?  Book Deal.
another step back. Donald ran on "draining the swamp" now miners don't have to disclose who they paid to mine the swamp.
should have nothing to do with jobs if miners are operating legitimately.
This will allow the energy companies to take full advantage of the american people without oversight
傻
.@realDonaldTrump what a win for corruption, great win. This will grease the wheels of exploitation, make it bigly easy. Sad! day. #EasyD
I love it when there are resolutions for my Hand Jobs too.
Cat got your tongue this morning, Donny? Most unlike you  https://goo.gl/images/scbBym 
#RESIGNORIMPEACHED
Forbes
#MAGA
Traitor Trump.  Guilty of treason.  Lock him up. Putin'$ pet.  First you grab women's vaginas, then you rape our country.
it's time to secure leaks and minimize the freely giving from aids.
Don't you know we don't watch videos you post. They are biased and unwatchable. Full of lies 
Sign all the EOs you want.  Voters will not forget about Russia.  More resignations needed.
Could you please specify how making corruption easier is going to #MAGA?
you are in the cross hairs of the resistance. We the CITIZENs will destroy you and your wealth. You'll be the worst POTUS!
I guess you're feeling your pockets getting a little fuller.
resign
can all wake up now @ABC @CCN_Updates @TIME STOP taking @Apple dirty money with @facebook support @realDonaldTrump #cronx
"disclosure of payment" you mean bribes don't you.
black history month is so racist if you ask me blacks have more rights BLM is racist to 70% of deaths from cops are whites
#LOCKHIMUP #FLYNNTREASON #LOCKHIMUP  #FLYNNCRIMINAL  #LOCKHIMUP @realDonaldTrump knew of Russian Conspiracy
Remarks by Donny - I have tiny hands, am scared of steps and slight inclines and need my penis-hand held by @theresa_may
Yes.
I C your Lookin out 4 the little guy by taking away protection frm another Market manipulated recession. 
if I was a bulimic I would use your tweets to help me barf.
