Thank Obama for the figures.  They have been going up for 8 years.  respect for presidency - tanking
@siobahnhopper
This is Trump economy not Obama. Get it right!
The trump economy is going in the toilet just like the Bush economy
Not for my business.
But when the jobs numbers were fake under @BarackObama. fyi: over 100 new highs under obama but i guess that was fake news
Until they start counting ALL the unemployed instead of just those on benefits it will just be a politicians number. Trump can change that.
Your "base" is only a third of all Americans AT MOST.
The rest of us hate you.
Wow. Hate. #godneedstoblessyou
Base?
WTH?
That last bit sounded a lot like Emperor Palpatine in my head.

Care to revise this tweet? #MAGA #Fail #Sad

Stocks end sharply lower, extending a weeklong slide, as the Dow Jones industrial average drops more than 600 points. http://apne.ws/Wa9J0gU 
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never ...
Actually it worth noting that no matter how hard @FoxNews was on @POTUS44 he never threatened to shut them down #FirstAmendment
Ahh where are you getting your numbers you've  come in on the low side of jobs numbers on every report except January.
Check news article saying hedge funds are turning to Europe because USA not flourishing under Trump as expected...
Obama  Obama Obama you've done shit fat man
Keep up the good work Trump
Please go do something important please get off twitter
That's Obama's legacy, liar.
wages going up? Are you going to mandate that a certain % of the proposed tax breaks goes towards employees wages?
You're not responsible for any of this...piss off!
Prove it
Sure, but how is your approval rating? I hear your unapproval rating is at 60%. Obama never hit that.
Sec   Price  did  a great  job on MTP. He took  on dufus Chuck  Todd and  put him in his place! !!
Build the wall
Then stop whining about CNN!
Thanks Obama for setting the stage that even a small handed monkey couldn't mess up
Unemployment is climbing thanks to the great "deals" you've made. You will always be remembered as a failure. #MAGA
NO thanks to you #bro


@DelaneyAdamss
#FatTrump
bringit!  #maga
Not about money Donald. It is about this and you did not do any of that alone.
Thank you OBAMA!
unemployment today is 4.3%; under Obama, it fell from a high of 10% in 2009 to 4.8% in January
Why is there a blank E, but E has already been used in another word?
It is now an automatic system, so she literally cannot forget.
A poorly put together one. Try a bit harder next time. I've heard it before.
Ikr
I'm seeing lots of pics but no WORDS.
Lol!! You know it's a tRumpite when you see all of the big pictures with little to no words. They think memes are facts.
The market boom does not help jobs. It makes the rich richer
Unfavorable ratings are the highest level they've ever been
And your crazy little hands typed a tweet on the pot looking at your orange mean old lying face in the mirror knowing your lies were known.
My house, personal IRA, CalPERS account, and wallet say thank you.
Take credit for others success and blame others for your failures. Still no budget? 
#FraudPresident 
#LiarInChief 
#ObamaIsBetterThanTrump
I think this was the motto at Trump U
Thanks @POTUS44!
Thanks Obama!!!! He's work is still showing 
Thanks @BarackObama
You're the man! #maga
Thanks to Obama of course
DICKFACE trump!
ya...keep blowing your iwn horn
@Marble300   I'm still looking for a job. :(  part time, as needed, temporary...I want to work!
is your base the Nazis cuz I've actually seen videos of a lot of them crying like bitches lately
Unfortunately you had nothing to do with this. All Obamas work! 
Thank you #presobama
Funny U have no issue with how these unemployment figures are compiled today when a year ago you said they were fake #25thAmmendmentNow
You nothing to do with any of it lil orange man. President Obamas policies got us here.
Check out Neville G Hinds on ReverbNation
http://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/5829316 …
Beyond The Vale
Wages have gone up recently everywhere I've seen. $9.50 or $10/hr. Not much, but better than $7.50/hr.
Donny-Boy tRump Doesn't Resolve Differences - He Exploits Them. Never Misses A Chance To Direct Whatever He Steals Credit For - To His Base.
Just Read These Comments - tRump Has Us At Each Others Throats. For The Sake Of Our Children, Our Parents - Please - Wake Up.
      Think.
Thank Obama! That's NOT YOURS!!!
Then thank Mr. Obama for this
So, if the economy tanks, will you take the blame?
And how are the unemployment numbers being tabulated? i do believe there are many unemployed that are not counted.

#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow…
What happened to the Carrier jobs you saved or the 60k jobs in retail lossed or Radio Shack, Boeing all gone? #boybye
Look at your poll numbers. Numb nuts , it shrinking like your penis .
Yes, thank you President Obama.  We love you for your decency.  45 has no decency and is a corrupt conman.
Disassociate yourself from the stock market, you do not want to be associated with it during it's nosedive
Keep the good news coming! Your tweets are the only truth we get to see!  Don't make anyone else famous by responding to their trash!
Your voters are leaving you in droves.  They don't want to be still supporting you when you're impeached
Because it has nothing to do with you Jughead.
hi
Thank you Obama... We appreciate the lay you left the country so that it ill be that much harder for Trump to destroy.
Thank you President Obama, for improving the job market and economy for 45's transition.  Sorry he insists on the credit for your efforts.
Wages going up, and people still can't pay rent on studio apartments.
Of course the stock market is high; you've favored and bribed industry with tax cuts, dividing the rich & poor even more.
Thank you Obama!
Well your base also said this about your daughter @IvankaTrump
Lies lies lies, delusions delusions delusions!
So #THANKSOBAMA
Just being selfish here: this is the first year in 7 that I haven't received a raise. Timeframes indicate better days have passed.
Hail the Immortal God King Trump!
Thanks Obama!
THANK YOU, PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Yet your approval rating is at an all time low!
Nope.  It means it's about ready to take a dive.  It took 8 years to get it here.  How quickly will you drive it down is the real question.
From dictionary's 2nd definition of base: morally low; without estimable personal qualities; dishonorable; meanspirited; selfish; cowardly.
Good work Mr President
In who's world?

Oops this trend started during Obama, do not take credit for what you did not do
Fake Facts
Thanks to PRESIDENT @BarackObama
Democrats are trying to incite a revolution to unseat our president. Nancy Pelosi chants resist but she means revolt!
Anyone trying to incite revolution should be charged with treason against the United States .this must stop !
These people should be under FBI or CIA investigation! Mike and Scarborough also and other press that are encouraging revolution
#Fakenews
U need to fire the IRS director he definitely is part of the swamp u wish to drain.
Thank you Obama. You try to steal his glory, you have done NOTHING to promote anything but yourself. #25thAmendmentNow
And we "the patriotic Americans" love you @POTUS and, are so proud of electing such an American loving man to lead our country. GOD bless U.
You've effectively killed the Repub party for the next 30 years. Thank you for your efficiency.
Have you thanked Obama today?
All from Obama. You have done nothing.
QUIT TAKING  CREDIT  FOR OBAMA'S WORK!!!!!!!!
More weapons sale leads to more employment. Lol
You told me these were all fake numbers during the campaign. Why do I believe you now you hypocrite? #DementedDonnie
Wages will go up for those that need it? Or your super rich friends who get all kinds of tax breaks they don't need?
You are alluding this is due to you being in office?  For mere months? Just checking in on tone.
Great news for your base that can't afford to buy stock.
FAKER POTUS gives us all a belly laugh today with his fake conclusion   Nice try,but most of us are smarter (& better looking) than you.
why cant we have the same health care elected officials do?
Give congress obama care
Thanks for reporting that Mr President. MSM doesn't want to do their job and inform us anymore. They just want to rant and cry Trump is mean
Making America Great Again!!!!
All of these success due to your time spent golfing, tweeting and watching TV. Congrats #FakePOTUS
UE is at an all time high not low
Thank you & you bet! We support you. Now Congress needs to support you or THEY'RE FIRED!
Way to KICK ASS Mr. President #MAGA
Thank you Mr. President! It's not your job to be popular. It's your job to lead the American people. God Bless.
Now that really is FAKE NEWS!
Once people on unemployment run out of benefits they are no longer considered unemployed. I have many family &friends skilled tradesmen->
Praying for my leaders especially Trump and his family.
Our founding fathers would LOVE  our POTUS !!! Evil is old as the beginning of time, they fought it too and WON 

You're supposed to care about all Americans, not merely your base of culturally anxious white Christian working class men
so....the plummeting poll #s for you..& fact more people support impeachment than your "Presidency"  are fake news ..right..?
Yes!! Thank you President Obama! #BestPresidentEver
Talk to me when the wages actually go up. Then I'll give u credit
Thanks Obama for Trump proofing the economy as best you could. #ToddlerInChief
the base of what is stronger?????.#TrumpRussia
The unemployment rate which you didn't believe in when it was measured for obama ?
@realDonaldTrump residual effects from 2016. Fake Claims from you.
.@gop voted to reduce min wage in Missouri from $10 to $7.70. Tell us again about what your doing to raise wages? 
#impeach 
#illegitimate45

to work are deterred by drug screns,like dude thats our privacy,its my right to ingest any subtance i want regardless of the legality
Thanks to President Obama 
Have you sent a thank you card to Barack Obama?

Thank Obama!
@That_Dude_TJ thank you President Obama for bailing us out of last Republican mess. Who will bail us out from you?
"Our base?"  You took an oath to serve ALL Americans
#25thAmendmentNot
Really? I lost my job in April.
Glad for overall successes , my segment not so much ... 55 to 65 yr olds in twilight zone . No safety net . re-employment options dismal
How can you say that, President Trump, when there are kinds of store closings, all over the country...
Can I get a shoutout for Obama
Your whole base probably has $10.00 between them and can't read.
Obama's policies!
#FRAUD
I THOUGHT U SAID THOSE #'S WERE FAKE? IF OBAMA'S #'S WERE FAKE & HAVEN'T CHANGED TRAJECTORY SINCE U TOOK OVER, IT MEANS THEY ARE OBAMA'S #'S
Yes sir, your base, all 11 of them r doing fine, exploiting their positions to feather your nest. America has aligned against you. We'll win
Dream on!
#BullshitCircus
When does the jew-killing spree start tho?

No thanks to you! You are basking in the after glow of a real president that had a good legacy. Just don't do anything and it will be ok.

Now can they get affordable healthcare?
