Amerika v/s north koriya&India v/s pakistan chaina is vilan Rolls becuse Amerika donot ledar in world &chaina become world ledarship
Atambum Hidrosan,new clier teknoloji Northkoriya vaya pakistan All halp is chaina plese undrstand my firand RU Alert&Amerika country thanks
Some will. McCain won’t. Rand Paul won’t. Susan whatsherface won’t. There’ll be enough to ensure anything you propose won’t pass. 2018!!!!
My state has a horrible maternal death rate, yet wouldn't accept Medicare expansion. I don't WANT Texas to control my healthcare!
Me to
And I respect all that you stand for thank you for all your help you are great
#WorstPresidentEver
If they do, it will be the last term they sit in office
If you were half as smart as you think you are you would have just built on what Obama did and taken the credit for the whole thing.
Why do this guy hate Obama soon much
I can't believe my eyes and ears.
Fulfill their goal of killing the most vulnerable, the ppl who are continually oppressed! Sick rich white men!
They're mostly for themselves. Fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing
Single payer universal healthcare like every other developed country in the world please!
Tell us w/o a prompter what's in the bill. Do you know? Can you read it and understand it? Asking on behalf of USA.

This is being rushed with no time for CBO to analyze. Pull the carpet out from millions just because you have a vendetta. PATHETIC!!

The UNGRATEFUL, entitlement generation needs to GET THEIR GRUBBY HANDS OUT OF MY POCKETS!!!
I hope Republican Senators will grow some balls and vote to convict after House impeachment. #ImpeachTrump
Donald Trump in president of Russia!!!
I also see your paid puppets are hard at work. Do you pay them per letter or per tweet? We All know about your puppets! @TheDemocrats
Lol
Mr. President, what makes it a GREAT bill? Just because it is a replacement for Obamacare doesn't make it GREAT! Have you read it?
Can someone tell me how I can get affordable insurance? Senator McCain...suggestions? #MAGA
#MAGA
#MAGA
#MAGA #REPEAL #RepealAndReplace
#RepealAndReplace #Repeal
PRICELESS!!!! 
I don't like this one either. ..can't they get it right? Seriously, I need health care
Cassidy is an idiot but then so are you
It is a terrible bill and people will die, but that seems to be your goal.  #hurrymueller  #MuellerIsComing  #nyag.
Impeach!!
Better idea: "Repeal & Replace" #Trump
Sigh. But that doesn't fix the problems. Just exchanges them for different ones.
Mr. President, the people of Missouri do not want this bill or obamacare, keep pushing for effective healthcare. Thanks, maga
Get ready! Millions to be stripped of healthcare by tRUMP and the GOP! Hey you chose these clowns America!!! I'm sure they'll enjoy theirs!
Mr. President, is this your "hope" or your koch?

Look at Rand Paul's plan it will not cost the gov. Money.
vote for " Money direct to States!",vote,hope

Florida Doctor: ‘Brain Eating Amoeba’ Invading Waters After Hurricane Irma  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9Fc_MshK20 … 
A plan with no safeguards is NOT acceptable for Americans.
Usual Republican low bar....using bribery for Senators willing to sign on to Trumpcare #trumpcare3
Same rotten bill that breaks your phony campaign promises. "Money to the states" STOP LYING.
No illegal Obama care fines .
Repeal and replace just push ANYTHING along for a win? What about the PEOPLE OF AMERICA FIRST?
Of course you do. Anything to erase Pres. Obama's accomplishments. You're an evil jealous fool. That's how you'll always be remembered.
#JustRepeal
 #FreeMarket
 #CrossStateLines

Get Govt. out of healthcare

#MAGA
Tied to their promises to lobbyist desires, they probably Do want it, but they are All Weak, and lack the courage to help the people
Curious.....where do you find them?
Graham-Cassidy is an EVIL bill that jacks premiums for pregnancy by over $17,000
Under #GrahamCassidy, pregnancy could cost you an extra $17,320. Breast cancer would cost $28,660. http://ampr.gs/2fhTLcH  #ProtectOurCare 
#GrahamCassidy has NO protections for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions, to ensure they're not bankrupted by cost
Cassidy-Graham has no protections for anyone with a pre-existing condition: http://bit.ly/2xEHkiA  
This horror show is just a plan to END MEDICAID AS WE KNOW IT w insane cuts, ending all funding after 2026. http://bit.ly/2xEHkiA 
The bill also eliminates coverage for an estimated 32 million people & cuts benefits for people with opioid addiction by billions of dollars
But you don't care about details, you just want a bill signing ceremony! Even though it means millions would be kicked off their insurance
Here's how we fight to kill #GrahamCassidy https://www.humorlessqueers.com/2017/09/20/all-out-to-stop-graham-cassidy-trumpcare-3-0-e38/ …
It will kill thousands--a virtual genocide on the poor.
Do you really think the third time is going to be a charm?
You don't even know what the bill says yet you're saying it's great. Perhaps you should explain it to the American people
Oh no, I forgot that your mental comprehension of such matters is Null and void.
Hopefully you will no longer be president for the fourth try but the GOP has.

We need to light that guy up, bigly
Are you a terrorist or an American. #maga
Giving money directly to states means once they run out, they're on their own and many programs that save lives will get cut! #GrahamCassidy
Can you tell us what ObamaCare will be replaced with?
Natural Health is the only solution
Really?  Bc Medicare/Medicaid/public schools/public libraries/all these programs are socialism. Oh and I forgot, our military is socialism.
Really, tell my Mom that Medicare is an "abject failure", or my nephew who went to the library this weekend. (The failure is your attitude)
You ever been without health insurance? Ever pay out of pocket for life saving surgery? meds for your kids? Or, you don't care? There's that
Knew you didn't care about ppl w disabilities but to push to kill my child?!? What kind of president are you? The #GrahamCassidyBill harms!
what crock of shit Children of dead beat parents were always covered even before Obamacare you're using Babies to steal from people who work
You are ignorant! We work full time have private insurance and probably pay more taxes than you do. F off you hateful piece of shit!
because you both work, your daughter probably needs Home Health Care thru exp medicaid.
Right Medicaid has always been there for kids - Not Obama care
I was referring to Medicaid expansion (ACA) for incomes higher than poverty.
Dems wanted a federal healthcare program to control the money (line their pockets). Money direct to states presents a problem.
Bad for US citizens. Adds state beaurocrasy to any future healthcare plan.
I hope they don't those who do I will personally condemn
READ THE PROPOSED BILL YOU IDIOT !! WORSE THAN THE LAST ONE !!! #WORSTPRESIDENTINUSHISTORY #HE'SGOINGTOGETUSALLKILLED
If Republicans pass this and a bill hits your desk please sign it. Your signature will insure you are not re-elected in 2020. You're great!
"Money direct to States!"  I'm sorry, but shouldn't the potus be able to use grammar properly?
I hope they grow some balls and vote NO!
Godless!!!
@Lawrence @JoeNBC @KeithOlbermann Also million of people with out health care because of it. 45 we will vote every GOP out in 2018 possible.
Another LIE it's your Promise.
I hope you go away but that doesn't look like that's gonna happen

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
LIES FROM THE LIAR IN CHIEF. THE BEST LIAR IN CHIEF!
I hope they listen to their constiuents actually! If they don't when doing fed business they sure won't when it comes to state business
It's ever needed. I'm sure the orange guy has his own agenda to profit off being President.  Me me me you people should be ashamed
You disgust me.Your health plan targets elderly,poor,sick, and women.Basically, all those who need health care the most.
Your a liar, theft, narcissist, and them some, I hope u and your whole team become extremely ill and they can't treat none of u #healthcare
The promise was to repeal, not replace govt program with another govt program.
Does the G-C Bill limit costs on what companies can charge patients for Pre-existing conditions???????
I hope they will NOT vote for this rid and ridiculous bill and continue to reject your irresponsible opinions and changing ideas. U R crazy!
Perhaps YOU should go on the plan IF it passes...THEN we'll see how much you like it.  DISASTROUS!!
You don't even UNDERSTAND the issue! Bill throws people off insurance, erodes protections for preexisting conditions!
I haven't seen any thing that's going to promote growth in this care plan you stated would boost small business?
Actually that's a fucking lie. It will cut finding to necessary programs like Medicaid.  I'm pretty sure Jesus hates all who deny the poor.
Incompetence personified.  Political expediency over a real solution to healthcare that covers all Americans.
You don't even read these bills, do you? As long as the Senate says it's "repeal & replace" you'll support it even if that's not what it is.
https://twitter.com/UniteAlbertans/status/910926285110525952 …
JUST TELL THEM ALL THEY ARE ALL ABOUT TO BE FIRED IF THEY BREAK THEIR WORD AND VOTE AGAINST AGAIN... SO FIRED.. ALL VOTED OUT...WE MADE LIST
Mr. President you know most of us don't make a lot of money. We leave it in your capable hands to make sure that all Americans are protected
Mr. President, I am enrolled in a health care program that works. It would easily replace O/Care. However I can't explain it on twitter.
Bull shit! Just like the other two crap bills that were conjured up with no Dem input. This is NOT how any of this works.
Yup that would be just like you kill millions by removing their healthcare instead of fixing your butchering the ACA. Racist narcissist. Sad
Easy for @realDonaldTrump to say when you get free healthcare.  Millions of Americans didn't have a rich daddy like you.  Apologize
This is the most important thing to me! PLEASE REPEAL!
I hope they will. May be they can't handle the power!
Trumpcare will be a total disaster..your legacy?? Millions losing healthcare and congress wants to cut corporation taxes in half???
I guess because you republicans couldn't give a shit about who you hurt!
The federal and state employees should have same plan as the American ppl get one not better then the other
Methinks some of these RINO's won't be in office much longer. Won't keep the GOP promises about Obamacare repeal and replacement.
hard to believe that you would scame your base in such a shameful way. I guess that is what lying dumb asses do.
you don't know nor care what's in this bill...you just want ur name on it
I hope they won’t vote for it!
You will be known as the president who tried to kill 30 million of Americans. Is that MAGA?
Clickable HTML Email Signature. If you want this signature?
Details for visit-
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
A fast bill full of pork from Sen. Graham of all RINO's is not a good deal Mr. President. Full repeal w/o replace is what we want.
Have you seen how this will hurt people? I thought you didn't want health care to be 'mean' please look into it
People will have to chose food or medicine healthcare or home job or taking care of a failing parent ask Chris Christie he has not lied to u
Power to the states as our founding fathers intended
No!
A YES Vote is a Vote to remove seated Politicians out in 2018 and 2020!
Agree...I also hope you fulfill your promise and NOT offer amnesty or reward people who are here illegally.
Disgusting bill just to get something passed. Heartless.  Couldn't be more disappointed in our leaders.
THANKS! DIRECT - good point made! much appreciated...
Time for universal healthcare

Laura has stage 4 cancer-she spoke out against the bill then Trump blocked her–Please retweet her video reply below. 
I hope that the fine work of #MuellerTime repeals and replaces the dumbest, most ignorant and most corrupt person ever in the WH #POtuS
Trump making the rich richer #WakeUpAndSmellTheBorscht #LockThemALLUp
Why so obsessed with "repeal & replace" name? Is it coz it's longer then Obamacare? Or do you not want us to remember that Obama Cared
It's still not repeal. Listen to rand Paul's plan. I dont trust anything Lindsay graham does and neither should you.
So the insurance companies can charge us even more?
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
2/one of MANY of the dumbest things to come out of your admin, and their are SO many to choose from. appropriate HC will B major factor in
I am awaiting the big but that come later...
That promise was made null and void because only 12% of the people support repeal & replace.
Stealing health care from millions,  making you happy donnie boya?
   So hows your brother LUCIFER.
Yes, please repeal.  When the reality sets in, the GOP will die.

You promised great health insurance for everybody.  We are excited to see you come through on that.  How can we help?
you desire for the Repulsicans to pass a MEANER bill to satisfy a campaign promise that will result is people dieing? SICKO
No matter who it hurts. You people are pathetic and what's worse is you like to the American People about it.
And how much more will I have to pay for my pre existing diabetes.  I guess I'll move to Nambia. Shame on you all.
This is such utter bullshit. When your base stops shooting Black folks and takes off their KKK hoods, maybe they'll see what a liar you are.
Don't make Americans suffer just because you want a win.  A healthcare bill with "heart" would be nice!
You have not read it or you would not say this
REPEAL OBAMACARE - TRASH TRUMPCARE - TRASH GRAHAM-CASSIDY BILL!!!
Only thing you care about is taking down everything that has name of Obama on it. What kind of person does that? Why? That speaks volumes
This healthcare bill will definitely teach people who voted against their own interest a big lesson.
Repeal without replace is premeditated murder.  May God have mercy on your soul.  Well, the space where your soul SHOULD be.
You must not have read the bill, or you just don't care about us.
Which will not go to healthcare,  been there before.
Be it 3 years or 1 month I can't wait till your gone.  Your killing our democracy.
Your inept and if the government was run like a business you'd be fired as ceo.
كيم زعيم كوريا هيعملك القلاشه يا ترامب ههههههههههخ
STOP.  It's not about promises to YOU, it's about excellent health care for Americans. This does not come close. Fix it, just fix it.
No they're already bailing out and therefore siding with the dirty Dems. Disgusting
Why do you want to change the health care? Ask yourself who benefits and who suffers?
 sorry already called my representative.
Tester should  vote for it all he wants is money no matter  who he hurts
I hope you'll mind your own business and stay out of Alabama politics.
Why do you hate Americans so badly? Seriously! You’re trying so hard to kill us...with this bill and the unnecessary embarrassing UN speech!
it will never happen not in your tenure 4 years at best.
Nope, not gonna happen. What are you going to replace it with? You can't even write a decent paragraph, much the less a health care bill Lol
I hope Republican Senators will vote it down, I have become oddly accustomed to having medicine and being alive.
71% approval rating for deal with Democrats it's time for Medicaid for all don't listen to the Republican Party
Thank you #POTUSTrump for keeping eyes on that ball. #Obamacare is DEAD and it hurts millions who had to drop the coverage, pay #penalties
I remember you promising this too? Funny how it's "their" promise now. No Leadership. Sad!

If they care about their constituents, they will not vote for it. #SaveTheACA
Just watered down Obamacare. Listen to @RandPaul
