Look at the draft dodger.
send me so money is a gift to me you are the President of America
Keep in mind of the laws of nature something can become nothing but nothing can ever become something need to find you something to do that's what our problem is we quit dreaming integrity and respect
felix pelvis israel elvis singer  mr pr dj  trump please watch a new concert aloha from hawaii  you welcom twetter enjoy thank you by
It's so disgusting to see you wear Navy gear, you draft dodger.
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford! http://45.wh.gov/ZYAdgY  #USA https://t.co/PrVce...
KEEP UP THE POSITIVE PATRIOTIC ACTIVITIES. USA NEEDS IT. STILL BOGGED DOWN W/ PC 2 MUCH. CLEAR OUT HEADS & GO 2 A GREAT FUTURE FOR AMERICA!
@IvankaTrump @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SecretaryAcosta @usedgov @USDOL @CommerceGov 

A bloated orange turd in love with its own stench.
It was awesome 
Draft-dodging coward.
Donald's costume reminds me of W's "Mission Accomplished" outfit. Still, even at his lowest, W never sunk to 32%! Ha!
@realDonaldTrump you're the best! From Rome
Tank you very much
We'll never name one after you.
Okay. I'll go with that. A dinghy, perhaps?
You look really, really fat in that jacket, especially when pictured next to Barack Obama in the same jacket.

{"Life" [as  ("Preservation of life")]}= healthcare insurance

"Liberty"=Democracy…
The Self-Pardoner commissions the last Pardoner.
#pardonmyself
How nice of you to postpone your golf game to attend this.
Great ceremony. Worthless MSNBC not even covering it. They think AM Joy is more important. Says a lot about their patriotism.
Hopefully it stays upright unlike Ford
We love and support you most noble cause, mr president.
From someone who dodged the draft repeatedly and illegally this mean NOTHING to our service members. 
DJT: I'm right there with you through my 50-inch flat screen.
I'll join you in the commissioning of the "USS stop-trying-to-kill-the-American-people". Please stop trying to defund Medicaid #wealthcare
And please stop trying to take away our insurance coverage.
God bless Sir

Only thing  you're going to win is maybe a pardon when you resign.
Gerald Ford was a good man. He deserved better.
are you hoping he pardons you? It's just the name of the boat. It's not the actual man
I wonder how much longer before this news drops officially
Let me make a wild guess & say that she's been blotting a divorce since before the slime got elected. Must have gotten big to play FLOTUS
You in army regalia is a laugh. Didn't you dodge drafts like a big softy?
Tell us again how Tony would have asked you to the prom but he thought you didn't want to go.
You were on a roll this morning.
BREAKING NEWS!..: The "FREE MARKET" is no longer free..!! @SenSanders @elizabethforma @keithellison @MichelleObama
(666) TRUMP IS PLAYING SOLDIER AGAIN...THE 6X DRAFT DODGER WHO ATTACKED SEN. MCCAIN AND THEN TRIED TO KEEP CHARITY $$ HE COLLECTED FOR VETS
Looks like you've been commissioning the USS gravy boat.
Hey, many people are saying KFC has excellent gravy! 
Only the best gravy!

Got to work those Med bills for Cancer won't pay them selves unlike in Washington
Maybe you should proclaim this to be DRAFT DODGER DAY.
Thank you
USA MR. President you got it!!
Don't forget to thank @POTUS44 for such an amazing ship it's the best the world has ever seen... Thanks Obama 
What do you think Mike Flynn is doing right now?
POSER. Did your foot spurs hurt while walking on the deck of that ship!
POLL 

Who cares more for veterans??

Vote below and RETWEET
It's very clear. Our President Trump cares more for our veterans and our country. Clearly!
Make money no vacation 


3 Years, 5 Months, 29 Days, 2 Hours, 16 Minutes, and 41 Seconds
7 Years, 5 Months, 29 Days, 2 Hours, 16 Minutes, and 41 Seconds
Sorry, no reelection possible!
Sorry no more Democratic party!
I'm going to laugh my ass off when he resigns in disgrace bc of threat of impending impeachment.
Haha I'm already laughing at your ridiculous tweet
COVFEFE OFF! He's going to be in jail before the mext election!!
You mean next ?
No.
You've no right to wear that uniform.
No. How about your impeachment? YES!
So why did he change the Law and hire foreign workers?
Matthew 5:8
Blessed are the #pure in #heart, For they shall see #God.
You are the worst terrorists of all
Wear a jacket like Bush and pretend to be a pilot. Like Hitler famously did in the 1930s. MAGA BS.
You realize the jacket and stuff are gifts right? 
yes, like #duterte this week. Pretending to be military men, like Bush did with pilot's jacker and helmet
is that jacket a size schmedium? That was rude, pardon me...get it .....PARDON me
Look at the coward who wouldn't wear a uniform during Vietnam but now will dress his fat ass up as a legit Commander in Chief
What is he supposed to be? How embarrassing!
Disgrace to that uniform. Also the Ofiice!
You didn't commission the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford.  You cursed it.
Says the guy that got a deferment FIVE TIMES!  #coward
I didn't think they could get that much shit into one of those jackets! #FakePresident
Draft Dodger in fancy dress
You don't deserve to swab the deck
It's disgusting to see a draft dodger like you wearing any form of military garb.
One thing is certain. There will never be a USS Donald J Trump. And, remove your faux military jacket. Yanno, Mr "Bone Spurs"
So glad I'm not in the military anymore. That way I don't have to solute you. Anyways, you don't solute the person you solute the rank.
Mr President, you fascinate me with your great misunderstood talent. I know you're doing it your way. God bless you and keep it up!
Ooh its dress  up day again! You 4 time draft dodging russian
Hey, those pants are looking a little tight..you might want to cut down on the rich chocolate cake #jennycraigisyourfriend #weightwatchers
FATSO-in-chief
Thank u! Presidents Bush + Obama
Your cowardly draft dodging presence is an insult to the military and AMERICAthey should have made u walk the plank. #draftDodgerTrump

Looking a little thick around the middle there. I rate him a 1 on the Trump 1-10 scale of hotness
Sorry I got to take a bath
Is this true? Are you a rapist?
Wait, where's the "Mission Accomplished" banner?!
By contrast I firmly believe Donald would have our backs. THAT's a C&C I'd risk my ass 4.
There will NEVER BE a USS Donald Trump. #MAGA #Trumprussia
Loved the commission ceremony! Great speech Mr. President & so proud of you & our military!
Hypocrisy at its best
I wander how long it took to teach Trump to salute. He didn't learn it in the military. Oh wait.. he didn't serve
IT WAS AWESOME   YOU WERE AWESOME, 
SO GREATFUL YOU ARE MY PRESIDENT  
Whoa...getting pretty chunky huh
Getting sick of all these Trump haters. If you are not happy, leave no one is stopping you. Go to Iran or Syria you cowards.MAGA!

The joke is that Ford pardoned Nixon, who resigned in disgrace, but I'm sure it was a total coincidence
You do know it was built under Obama right, you only commissioned it, Obama rightly takes credit, just so you know..
That military jacket is hugging your gut really tight.
#DraftDodgingDonald you are an embarrassment to this great country!  #Resign and #MAGA! you magat
"bone spurs" feeling better then?

In the meantime Trump's Jewish cabala is working to undermine the  Constitution...Thank you Mr. President for your a splendid job...
Wont b able to be there, got the kids lol! Jeremy is doing v well and kristie is shining in ballet! Have a gr8 day hun, aunt lisa xxxxxxxxxx
You disgrace our navy with your presence on the ship. Russian hypocrite.
Playing military again, are we?
america people is  lorses

Guarantee your name will never be on a US Navel vessel pork chop
This picture is hilarious: a Saluting Bone Spur, flight jacket for guy afraid of stairs, speech to true heroes minutes after tweet tantrum
I don't like Trump...but he sure look good,look  strong in this picture! If he would stop his STUPID CHILDISH TWEETING SPATS,he could be o.k
Wonderful speech! Thank you!
Finally the cap is turned up,only salute cap!!!!
You look like someone dressed up their Cabbage Patch Kid for Halloween. Careful with your bone spurs.
Trust you will never have one named after you!
must feel prettly bigly to get all dressed up seeing as your a draft dodger
#Turd, don't get captured buddy!!!
Gerald Ford... Gerald Ford... How do I know that name? Oh he's the guy that succeeded the last President who was caught in criminal acts!
And appointed as such, no less.
Remember when you got FIVE "medical" deferments from Vietnam for "bone spurs?"
Lol no one likes you
you are not worthy of commissioning anything where honorable people serve.
you're a fake illegitimate lying thief who stole an election.

Please be careful to not bump your bone spur while honoring our brave men and women of our military.
You're sure your bad feet are ok, @POTUS? It sickens every veteran when you pretend to be military. You don't deserve a salute.
Still with her thinks saluting is disgusting? Supporting a murdering lying under oath, evidence destroying wench is ok though? Interesting.
Don't you salute as if you were ever in the service . Lier cheat COMMUNIST IMPATHIZER .
Yeah no. #puppet
@realDonaldTrump NICE childbearing hips
Looking right at home Mr President. Great to see, keep it up  The elect need time to see more souls saved before the Tribulation. John3:16
I am #navy and You in that hat is more than I can stand.
I like and need you, you are one of the favorite person for this planet good bless you and long live to you.
you know vaccines are causing autism yet you do nothing like mankind isn't worth saving.
Watch as the most hated disgusting liar in the modern world, yes the man who dodged the draft! don trump! I'm going to throw up! Literally
You're a 3 time draft dodging loser trying to act all military now 
Sickening sight, you among Americans who risk their lives. Where are your taxes?
you going to lead when you are in jail
I can't imagine any woman making love to you....ick. Stop playing Melania can't find you attractive at all ick again
You are almost as gross looking in your pants as Chris Christie.  Great look.
Disgusting to see a DRAFT DODGER and TRAITOR wearing American military clothing. Revolting and despicable piece of crap! YELLOW BELLY COWARD
U put a jinx on that ship. It's up and running thanks 2 real President @BarackObama. Ur just a fake fraud hack put in by Putin hacked votes
Love jacket big don #style free #StyleTip
.@realDonaldTrump WHERE DID THEY GET A JACKET TO FIT YOU YOU TUBBY SLOB?
Beautiful ceremony.
Again, your a draft dodger. Shin splints while playing football? FU. If you send our children to war for folly....ARG!
Trump is not an attractive man AT ALL.
POTUS looks really stupid when he tries to honor! But again, he was not man enough to get into the forces when he was young. SO SAD, SO SAD.
Draft Dodger!
Thank you, President Trump. AWESOME.
Nice "sailor" cosplay. Was this for Comic Con?
Bless you, Mr. President.
Q: What's the difference btwn Donald Trump and a transgender soldier? 

A: Transgender soldier had the balls to serve!
A brand new ship and it already has an orange rat problem.
Talk about a multi-ton message to the world.


You got some nerve wearing these. Draft Dodger.
Hey Donnie, are you up to a 46" waist now? Better get exercising and eating more fruit, like you tell the ladies.
#LOCKHERUP
Who's tweeting for you now? The new Grima Wormtongue you hired?
Ah look. The big boy is playing dress up again. Good for him.
