It's just pathetic how you have more supporters than Obama did but you never saw this much hate from the right wing. Leftists are insane.
You did such a great job with Michael Flynn
President Trump if you divide the land of Israel the United States will be divided literally! Listen to the Spirit of the Almighty God!
Now that got hacked they suck you all invade us we are all tired
Snowflake who can't accept that pantsuit Hillary LOST 2016 election because she catered to celebrities instead of Hardworking Midwesterners
Bizarro, moronic #IdiotinChief Trump supporters--despite hos rampant mismanagement, ineptitude, constantly lying, misogyny--can be explained by #cargocults:
Can they come back and advise you to resign since you are an embarrassment to the USA? #republicanagainsttrump
But Rahm emanuel.... hmmmm.......
So why are you ignoring their counsel?
When you listen to it...
If only you would start listening to that advice instead of some moron's advice.
Where are you Trump us truckers need you
Pat pat, now all they have to do is dismantle rf networked grid causing a commotion in our nation! Don't let these thugs insult our NSC!

on fake news charges and how many of them stood for your flag mr trump president of america
Dear President of the USA,
  May I suggest that you refrain from "name calling". Nobody wants to be called "Trump's basket of D's or
(which I believe cost H the election) or SOB's. These names will not earn votes. Set an example for the US $ world.
Remember those SOB's could be this man's sons.
First time using Twitter
Thanks for the history lesson teacher! Really needed it, google not needed! 
#WorstPresidentEver
Too bad You don't listen.
We need new black leadership in our communities today. Our leaders are self-serving and very un-American. This must change sir. Let me help.
Dotard!
Do not be distracted, North Korea!!!
Maybe we should bring the state of Hospital's back into effect to get some of these crazy people off the streets.
They're a council sir. They provide information, not solutions. Use your best, I mean that.
Support my Scouting fundraiser by purchasing my favorite @TrailsEndSnacks products!
Then they listened. Now they don’t.
Good luck Jeffery Thomas Smith I drew the picture of me Jefferson it was on evvery unit evvery where Jeffery Thomas Smith

74 years ago today, the Treaty of the Treason was signed for the first time. Great history of guiding Presidents-then & now! 
and ur about to blow us up
That's when the world went to shit
And 70 years ago Black Americans still didn't have Equal/Civil Rights!  Great time to Remember Mr. President! Sure you wish it was the same!
Why is no one advising you????
This from the guy who takes pleasure in demeaning the National Security Council. How many sides do you have to your face?!


Todos nós temos que ter orgulho de sermos Patriotas.
In your own words tell us what the National Security Council does...
Stop rambling on twitter and do your job. #YouMakeAmericansAshamed !!!
Shut up and go away.
typo why always so crazy all the time never something intelligent but always Looney Tune Bug House little man little
Well I always so crazy because you're a little man with little hands little handed man shame on you little man
PUERTO RICO.
Quit
This man is not fit for presidency
maybe you should listen to them
You're lying....it's your birthday again. You suck.
Unfortunately, you don't listen to them. I'm not sure you even know how to listen.
Trump still doesnt know what they do.
Until you came along. I'm sure that they are appreciating the time off. No one sees a point in trying to educate you. A total waste of time.

This is an island surrounded by big ocean water... trump is a dope surrounded by other dopes
good I hope usefull for you but consider other side of th
e moon while listening carefully their advices
"What are your names again?"
meet the ppl who knew how to govern...and didn't create the racial divide you exploit....
Should we have them advise you via Twitter or Fox news?
As if you will even attempt to listen to them.

Have you learned anything yet?

Gross!!#
My grandpa's never took a knee.. I have wrapped up flags to prove it. 
Am I supposed to cancel my fantasy team. Geeze!
My son likes sports but I would frown on him if he took a knee....
Is your son black, stopped by police, harassed daily, oppressed? They're not protesting the flag but racial inequality. Trumps wrong!
Do u no where my other profiles are.
Yeah except for you they use big letters almost no full sentences and trump is used every other word or you can’t read it #impeach45
And on this day 71.5 years ago your parents should have been thinking of birth control 
you did your best to disgrace it. #Trump #trumptheidiot #seniletrump #NotMyPresident #foolishbehavior #racist #orangutan #ivanka #Shameless
Wow, if only they could figure out how to help Puerto Rico or Vieques.
70 years ago you were a whining infant in diapers...not much has changed.


You are not a great president
They're wasting their breath with you.  You don't listen to them.

America's Mobster President—New Evidence in Dutch TV Documentary of Trump's International Money Laundering Circles
http://www.alternet.org/video/americas-mobster-president-new-evidence-dutch-public-tv-documentary …
Thought a smart guy like you didn't need to hear from people like that....anything getting in?

So, a progressive cadet breaks the code of conduct.  Same old "Just Us" system that let Hillary off even under P45!

http://www.armytimes.com/news/your-army/2017/09/26/west-point-responds-to-tweets-of-cadet-with-che-guevara-tee-under-uniform/#.WcuiWSziL6s.facebook …
Why do you say that, you do not listen 

Puerto Rico lack drivers to move the much needed supplies....  They need help!!
Containers at Puerto Rico port need Tobe delivered urgent.   Maybe.  Millitary can drive these containers
.... To people......
And it all ends now
Puerto Rico needs these containers at port delivered to the people now....
천국!들은나!(김종일!)의OriginalOriginal!아이!(=새끼=Baby)무조건!~~한명!(1명=BabyOne!)출산Ok!⚘그런피충성!이아니면나도!천국!안만든다!~~그냥!대지옥!대지옥!에서고생해라!~~씨8Ok!

This is Jeffrey Epstein, known pedophile and human trafficker. Conservatives like to focus on Clinton connections, but look at Trump's quote 
YES, THEY ARE KEEPING EYES ON YOU TRUMP ON YOUR RUSSIAN SWAMP FINANCIERS, YOUR CROOKED DEALS, YOUR DANGEROUS BABY MOUTH THAT WILL KILL US
Sure wish you coukd read and absorb reality
#DotardTrump
So start focusing on the people of PUERTO RICO.
If you have any remaining respect for them, why do you keep ignoring them and insulting our intel community? Be consistent for once.
and now they have to draw pictures for you to understand what they're advising you of.


As a combat vet, I fought Nazis ofWWII. Today I #takeaknee, once more, in solidarity w/my brothers&sisters still fighting 4 equality&justice 
Learned that 5 minutes ago didya?
Obviously someone told you that or you'd never have known
Trump has given orders to ICE to arrest & deport immigrants who are reporting to prescheduled appt. just to keep up his deportion record.
PRESIDENT  TRUMP  ASK THE DEMOCRATS PARTY  DID FOR ALL OUR INCOME-TAX  WENT OBAMA GIVE A BIG RAISE TO THE RICH ONLY NOT TO US POOR
And yet you don't listen to them, #youfucker
But you don't listen to them #loserpresident you could be great instead you choose to follow bannon
Do you know any another adjectives besides "great" mix it up a bit: excellent, superb, fantastic, phenomenal,'great' is so mediocre, like u
Another corrupt council.
Please let FEMA begin relief efforts for Puerto Rico - America too, is in dire need of supplies and medical assistance!
#failingTrump #loserTrump
Deportations fall under Trump despite increase in arrests by ICE - The Washington Post
They're arresting people who aren't deportable, in random sweeps, like a badly trained army of occupation. Probably forced to meet quotas.
Because Trump really does want to be HITLER!
Simply Amazing
If only you'd learn to listen
The NSC probably can't stop laughing after they meet with you.
ya and the hypocrite in the white house dosent belive them when the say Russia hacked the election
Advising you you are a racist so because you have power you do what you want n you were3 years old with no brains n you are still brainless
Hypocrite.
Yes, they must have been given good advise that is why they made so many mistakes! Told the country so many lies.....
Too bad you don't listen to them.
Why do they bother advising Trump? He claims to "know more than the generals." Only thing Trump knows about is HIS RAPE OF AMERICA! JAIL HIM


70 yrs ago,a demon child was born,or hatched to bring havoc on the human race,we must ban together to defeat this evil with the split tongue
It feels like 70 years since you took office...
Then why don’t you take advantage of security briefings daily? You, instead, rely on Fix news!
#BuildTheWall #RepealObamacare
Less so now

NSC needs to follow Constitution or quit!
Maybe you should listen to them once in a while.
Maybe you should listen to them.
PUERTO RICO
Too bad you don't listen to them. 
But then again, you aren't the President. You are only a #bogusPOTUS
UN, use my idea to get corrupt leaders like you out of office.  You need to be punished for treason & race war you started.
there is a way to have the wall pay for itself. i don't know how to reach you to give my idea. Veterans Health network, Jim Wilson.
Well when you stack it with inexperienced people who want to destroy the country, how much good are they?
Mr. President, I don't know how you continually stay on the go. I appreciate all you're doing to make America great!
Our president will never understand
Perhaps U should listen to what they have to say.
Bruh who cares? Damn you can't even focus right



Hope you listen to them
Your son in-law used private email to communicate with Russians to funnel money into trump tower #LockHimUp
Yeah yeah and 70 yrs ago your mother had  a chance to spit but ... here we are ..  smh
SOS US POW being physically tortured "acoustically" via bio coms implanted 4 UN & DOD duty. Breach of St Dept indiv code by cyber terrorists
