Funny you mention Obama. I just got back from Europe and everyone I talked to loves him. Hillary too. They laugh at you. But so do we 
They are as clueless as the liberals. They know charity is over from the .
Nah. They've seen it all. They know a real jackass when they see one.
I guess your right they met you
I once ate a salad that would have used the same reply you just did 
You should move there. One less liberal would be good for America. Trump will continue to win despite the obstruction party.
Makes you think if democracy actually works if those elected have a different agenda to that for which they were elected
72% of Americans, including Republicans, want Medicare for all!  Time to represent Americans, not Russians.
The problem is that those same 52 do not understand that compromise is a strength, not a weakness. With all that power they still cannot pass any meaningful legislation. You and the Republicans are all spoiled babies.
Hold still.
Continued to Rally President Trump. Keep the people behind you. We will when against the evil resistance.
Win
But now in October you seem to want to make a deal with them on healthcare.  Have you no consistency on anything?  Blowhard/dotard.
. Fuck the poor!
Such poppycock, Donald. The 52 Republican Senators do their own thing in secret. The obstruction is theirs. You know that. I know that. They know that. But - keep it up. You look more foolish every day.
. Sounds familiar....
Funny how history repeats itself.
Funny, you have no ideas except to reverse everything President Obama did. You're a vile, jealous, immature ass who has no business inthe WH
Can you change the rules
Nah, your credibility is dead. How does it feel to have to buy everything? Even love? Does anyone truly love you? I doubt it. You're sad
When you tweet, I know you're on the toilet. But sometimes when I'm reading them, I'm on the toilet too. It's like we're connected.
Keep tryin' Donnie!
DT is gittin it dun he is.
Seriously looked at my feed and thought all the tweets were from your parody acct but no it's paranoid (guilt ridden) YOU!  #resignAlready!

So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
Keep repeating for your 33%
Why shudnt they stop even worse policy?! As for obstruction, ur being too modest. gop is the master of that. HYPOCRISY much?
Don't you have a job to do? You are worse than a teenager with a cell phone! Over 10 tweets per hour. What happened PlayStation broke?
Wow, you're having a total MELT DOWN today, aren't you? Now you understand how We the People have felt each day.
@seanhannity and you have much stranger hair than Morning Joe.
Then step up. You said it was easy.
You must continue 2 pay ACA subsidies. It's law & you must abide by it. There will be no MTP. The bill is an abomination. As r you. Resign!
خربت البلاد
Thought you were the one with all the ideas? How's that going, by the way?
Speaking of dead, my conscience has been dead for decades.
We are not tired of winning yet BUT we are VERY tired of YOU!!!!
Reps shut them out. Stop blaming them for your failure! #NotWinning

Turn over your TAX RETURNS unless you have a lot to HIDE. Stop obstructing justice, Pinocchio !
Remember when you encouraged the obstruction of the Supreme Court nominee?
Have you ever been to a Senate debate?
The Dems have nothing to do with this. Your train wreck party holds all the cards. Do you think this helps? Your lack of leadership is worse
So let's replace it with huge tax cuts for the wealthy. And Putin may have some great ideas.
Just a fact! Some Republicans are also obstructionist (McCain not on your team for sure & few others) Sometimes the TRUTH is unpopular!?
Is this it? Your 'deal making art'?
And worse: YOU have frittered away hundreds of hours on tweets while committing no real effort on any legislation--Score? 0.
Please RESIGN!
So you would welcome their ideas?? You should let them know..I'm sure they would like to share them. I think dems would love to be involved

Evergreen

Trump is a dirtbag traitor. He is not giving people the healthcare he promised. He's too busy leaking Classified Information.  SAD.
This is a lie. You are a liar. There's no replacement. There's no wall. I did is still a thing. We're still losing jobs by the 1ks every day
You sound like a very scared desperate man with no class.

They have a problem killing people. Well, except the ones who own stocks in big pharma and insurance. We're not stupid. You're being watched
Donald you need a mental evaluation
Funny because you're the greatest OBSTRUCTIONIST!
The plan you allowed YOUR name to be on was shameful.. that we had to rely on the likes of Pocohantas et al. to save us was scary.
You are the divisive one!
Ok, I'm sick of this one don. Dems can't share ideas if they're not allowed to. Repubs can't get enough votes & they're the majority.
Proverbs 16:20
He who #heeds the #word wisely will find good, And whoever #trusts in the #Lord, happy is he.
The WHOLE book of Proverbs describes tRump and people like him. Righteousness will reign in the end. This is my prayer.
Trump is Literally Insane

Seek mental help now
Mr. President what is your plan to Make Anime Great Again? It's been over 100 days in office and my waifu still isn't real. We need answers.
It's Saturday Morning, do you know where your president is? .... yep, ranting on Twitter.
Trump's first six months in office: 991 tweets and 0 pieces of major legislation ... WINNING!
Donnie ... you control WH, both houses of Congress, and conservative majority on SCOTUS ... and you still can't get anything passed?? SAD!!
With this many tweets on a #SaturdayMorning, Robert Mueller must be getting awfully close to something ... maybe it's those tax returns???
Maybe @POTUS should release his taxes before Mueller does.  At least @DonaldJTrumpJr gave up his emails before the free press released them
But the jig would be up...those taxes prove his business is a propped up mess of naming rights and franchise crap.
And presumably that he is not as wealthy as he wants everyone to believe.
You are trying to kill Obamacare along with thousands of Americans.  You can't obstruct when you don't have the majority...
OBAMA Likely Saved America in his last months as President!
RETWEET to Thank Our Last REAL President
Your on drugs friend no question. Obama made this world a Terrorist playground and a potential Nuclear Wal-Mart. You're a fool
Trump made this world a laughing stock! The entire world see us as morons because our leader is one. It's a Russian playground now!
He is an unhinged dictator who cares as much about this country as I do about a piece of lint. I've NEVER seen a group of people this stupid
Really, have you looked in the mirror bahhhh
Your comment makes 0 sense. Are you trying to say I'm a dictator or something?The only people I lead are in my department and I'm well liked
Your Twitter rants are an embarrassment to our country.
I'm part of the country, and I'm not embarrassed. I vote for Gary Johnson. The ACA is a failure. Find another swim lane, Jessica.
And anything would be better than  Trump care...but that wouldn't affect you because it only hurts every pre existing condition
My preexisting conditions:  Combat wounds and purple hearts from Vietnam.  Thanks for asking.
I didn't comment for an argument but it seems like anything involving Trump tends to do that. So I'm done with this thread.
Bye, 

PS, I'm still #Nevertrump, but when he's right I respect him.
I'm not embarrassed by this one tweet. I'm embarrassed by the 10 tweets he puts out in less than an hour.
My suggestion:  Drink more wine, you'll care less.

Replace with something that includes coverage for pre-existing conditions, right? For Nicky?
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 ...
What the hell is wrong with U ? Your the so called president, "IF" republicans create good health plan I suppose your taking credit, right ?
Correction Obamacare Repeal is Dead
deceaved and easily manipulated by  preaching nothing but hate and lies and its ok with them because they don't see that what you promised
You must have been asleep through Obama's WHOLE Presidency
But if you obstruct people from enlisting its nbd right?
Don't count on it. I hear it sucks.
@POTUS zero leadership, Mr. Trumph #WeakPresident
Dem. Senator on F&F this morning, funny how new democrat message same as DJT. Why can't anything get passed if message the same?
I.e. The majority, anyway.
Again with forgetting that it actually the Republicans with majority and yet they can't get their own census to agree, stop pandering.
Republicans are Cowards, when they don't have The back of Our Greatest POTUS, They don't stand with GOP VOTERS!
Both parties are treasonous. It took a person of character to expose the traitors! Terrible ppl and need replaced. Want to hear you're fired
just ignore what you can't change - there is no logic or intelligence to your tweets / best think about ruling the country for a change!!!!
Isn't it in current use? How is something dead, that millions use? Even the insurance companies are against you on this? Get a grip man.
Idiot.
keep tweeting the obvious - BRING out to light something we do not know. sound like a boy just complaining
Clueless.
You control all three branches and you can't get it done. Dems bill not perfect but at least it's not killing people.
One party's dead, the other one is half dead.
MIDDLE CLASS WITH ROMNEY/RYAN  lowering the dividend tax yield and capital gains to 0percent was there plan, DO THE SAME!
Snowflake
Weren't you the guy who said you were the only one who could get things done?  Losing!  Failure!  #TrumpIsABust  #TrumpLosing
Democrats have lots of ideas, try including them in the process. Peggy Noonan is right, you are weakling and crybaby.
It's quite the opposite. The Republicans are obstructions and have zero ideas, other than fucking over the Americans
And u still can't get anything passed.. big fail big big fail! Joke 45
We need to repeal and replace @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski ppl vote these 2Ds out!dressed like R's but vote D! Check out @CR scorecard must have conservatives
Looks like daddy is loosing his hat.
aca is alive as long as the american people are willing to pay for their health bill and you dont sabotage it like hell!
Funny, when 13 Republicans go behind closed doors are the Democrats supposed to crash their party?????
13 GOP men wrote the replacement. Democrats have many ideas if the obstructionist Republicans would stop leaving them out of the discussion.
How did this plan go? I'm guessing we are still at an impasse. 
I have diharra
Obstruction is doing things to make the ACA fail so you can win a political point, and making Americans suffer.
Assailed, have control of all 3 branches and can't pass a single bill.  Loser not Leader!!  #trumpasshole
They won't get rid of it because they care about the poor and needy in this country.
No, @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP are obstructionists who will not involve all stakeholders in decisions that affect Americans
@Russia  and  @wikileaks  if your looking release Trump Gotti tax returns like he ask y'all for  Clintons emails
It will be WeThePeople who decide that Obamacare is right 4us &all it needs is some revisions.We shall overcome your dastardly destruction.
I think Republicans are the ones with no ideas. I mean wouldn't they have a plan for a replacement then?
I don't see the Republicans or Fox News complaining about Republicans and their Tea Party for being obstructionist against Obama for 8 years
Fox is afraid that their audience can't handle balances reporting.
Damm jealous change the fucken name  tweek it and get it where you want it! Instead you choose the immature thing and want it to fail! Wow!
Well @realDonaldTrump you would know obstruction now wouldn't you!
Not going to happen Donnie.  
We voted for CHANGE! @POTUS will get the Senators he needs to make changes we VOTED for! Ur with us or..@GOP @SenateGOP we will vote u out
They are trying to do a bipartisan bill but you didn't want them to see that your Trump Care is actually Trumps Death Care!!! You r the
Why should the Dems help you? You promised the American people no cuts to Medicaid. Take that out of Trumpcare. Stop lying.
Excuse me!! Republicans are not including dems! 'member? You own it
Correction : you are an obstructionist

Dems can't obstruct when they aren't even given a voice in formulating the legislation. Republicans with sense sidelined Trumpcare.
How's that working out for you loser?
Never wanted Fed enforced health care, I consider it unconstitutional and personally none of the govt business
Try or false
dems have plenty of ideas. Rebulicans wouldn't even let their whole party give ideas let alone dems!
Oh, okay, Donnie. You just keep telling yourself that. LOSER!!!!
Duh!  You finally figuring out you don't need them?  Your own republican won't go with you.  You are a fool!  #25thAmendmentNow
Whoops!!! Looks like a few of your people actually care about sick people. Weird!
You will go down in history as the most disliked President! It's in the books already! Trump Legacy=Loser #LoserPotus #LoserTrump
Did you forget they met closed door to democrats
Dems aren't obstructing! You are...OF JUSTICE! Show your tax returns and e-mails about Russian matters. We call your bluff. Show your cards!
You are such a little man for using your power to line your own pockets and those of the leeches for children and GOP--then hurt Americans!

Another failure. Boohoo. Thank God! God Bless America and save us from your tyranny!
What's it called when republicans won't even give scotus hearing? Your a liar and con man, but your days are numbered. Family doomed for ev
STOP LYING
STOP LYING
STOP LYING
STOP LYING
STOP LYING
STOP LYING
STOP LYING
They don't have your back we need to get rid of those people if at all possible I'll tell you I certainly won't vote for them
The better solution: DJT leads by calling ACA/BRCA failures & start fresh: form work group to develop real solution w/i GOP set swim lanes.
How DARE  any Republican talk about dems being obstructionist!!! Get a God damn reality check, loser.
agreed, 100%
Wonderful comparison in todays NYTimes about how much bipartisan input there was to the ACA and that the Republicans  barred Dems totally
8 years of OBSTRUCTION by the repugs on anything Obama tried to do and NOW you whine about the same thing..Time to take meds now. PATHETIC

2018 can't come soon enough! House and Senate will have the majority and you'll be long gone. #Resist
You are such a #dummy @realDonaldTrump. Unfortunately that statement in Trumpworld stands as profound. #sad
And if they want to keep their jobs in 2018 & 2020 they better repeal Obamacare!!
52?  So that didn't work, did it, Nimrod?  American Hero John McCain is going to sink you.
It has been up to the Republicans since it's inception.
The Republicans chose not to participate, they are choosing not to again.
Whenever you're forced to purchase anything you don't need,  or be fined, some things wrong. Don't even need the details.
Don't count on John Mc Fool!
Your days as President are numbered! I can't wait to throw a party when it does!
Why Obama got like 3x the followers as you with none of the rage tweets? #MAGA #NonCollegeWhites
serious question: you're aware what the GOP's track record in Congress was the last 8 years, right?
Millions of Americans like the Affordable Care and do not want Trumpcare.
Ironic that you loosely use obstruction. Firing Comey blaming Sessions & eventually firing Mueller is Zan injustice
yeah the already had an idea its called obama care.
Well if anyone asked Dems to help instead of CALLING THEM NAMED LIKE A KID IN 5th GRADE maybe they would have helped #dementia
I want to know exactly what health care these cong/sen get.  Why should they be EXCLUDED?? We pay their salaries.
Liar!!! The Democrats are working on a plan right now. They couldnt help with the GOP plan because your death care was done in secret.
the republicans are obstructionists too.
GOODluck
Sad day when our country is so politically divided they wld rather watch our country fall than work together 2raise her up #MAGA PLEASE TRY!
one side wants to destroy and dismantle the country while enslaving the people.and the other side wants to do the opposite no common grd
Nd 2take step back&ask themselves if "this"is working for them as things are Bet if they are honest w/themselves answer is NO So start over!
Yeah 52 Republicans. Now stick with me you disgus ting pile of sh it.THAT IS A MAJORITY. Yes I realize that's a 4 syllable word learn it!!
@varepall And they must gef busy. Pass thd budget then actually work together and pass a better health act.
How would you know?  You've excluded them on everything. Way to be bipartisan!
Most of who will vote no to keep their jobs
Hahahahaha!! Poor guy. You're gonna give yourself a heart attack.
Spastic
U really think we r stupid. How r dems to express ideas on something they r not allowed to see!!!
NOBODY LIKES YOU DONALD!
Yeah, just like Republicans for the last 8-years. Karma's a b*tch! Suck it up buttercup!

Trumps are self-enriching Traitors!
Looks like they failed. Lololollololfattylololol
you and congress refused to work with the other side- YOU are the obstructionist
How would the Republicans, under your direction, know?  Your party did not talk to dems about healthcare. Isolationist fool.
wrong, be a president for all Americans which means work together with both parties, difficult for you we know
Repub obstructionists during Pres Obamas term. Remember! I haven't forgotten!
