Lock Donald up! 
I concur
Make sure you tell @TheDemocrats too.
Really? I find that ludicrous! When I think of Liars , you’re finally Number One. If your lips are moving you’re lying!
Never in US history has anyone lied or defrauded & conned voters like Donald J Trump. He told us he didnt rape a 13 yr old-a lie. Told us he’d drain the swamp-he lied. Told us he wouldn’t have time to golf-he lied. Told us he’d release his taxes-he lied. His lies total over 1600+
Actually, over 6000 now.

Why do you need to make up this lie? What is the point. You didn’t even serve in the military. When you tell lies for no reason other than to smear someone - for no good reason, it means you would lie about anything. It’s Thanksgiving - can’t you let ppl have peace for one day!
Werk it.  take him to school.
BONE SPURS
I seem to remember a time in recent history where someone defrauded voters and stole an election. No? As I recall it was November-ish.
That’s why she lost!  The independent voters went republican they were disgusted  as we were most of us who were Dems are no longer thanks to Hillary and BO  THEY DESTROYED their party’s reputation and opened are eyes.
Old news, and still relevant.
Well, your conspiracy against the United States 'tRumps' that.
Except you. You are the winner. Birtherism Obama, wire tapping Obama, See All The President's Lies:
Biggest crowd size ever, Russia made up by liberals, Hillary sold Russia 20% of our uranium, my hands are big...
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Viet...
That’s rich coming from you.
How are those bone spurs doing?
ok mcbonespur
Looks like everyone had the same thought on this rant....President Bone spurs 
OMG. You DARE to speak of "defrauding voters"? 
#EndofIrony
#EndofHypocrisy
#DotardDon
#LiarInChief
vs ChickenHawk bone spurs?
Stolen valor. Impersonating a true hero is a huge fraud.
You should know private cadet heel spurs
And you lied to get your deferment, so what's your point?
So did you lie or defraud Americans 45? #FakePresident #impotus #MuellerTime
3 Years, 5 Months, 13 Days, 5 Hours, 7 Minutes, and 28 Seconds
It’s going to be a very long 8 years for you! TRUMP2020
Never in U.S. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Fake President. He told fake stories about his real relationship with Russia.
And, hookers. And, pee tapes. And...
You're lying
As usual
He apologized for being misleading but he did serve during Vietnam in the Marine Corp reserves
Unlike your malingering
Except you!
LOL! You have him beat by miles! "Mexico will pay!" BS! "I know more than the generals." More BS! "Day one I will r/r Obamacare!" Super BS!
Pretty sure you did.
Should we go over all your failed promises?
Repeal and Replace ACA and give *everyone* affordable, great healthcare - Failed, lied
Defeat ISI in first 30 days -- failed
Mexico will pay for border wall -- lied
You will never take vacation and never leave the WH because there's so much work to do -- lie
You will work for all Americans and are a frat unifier -- lie
Obama tapped my phone at Trump Tower. Lie.
coming from #WorstPresidentEver who lies everyday.  can't believe people believe you. hopefully not enough to matter
Look who's talking 
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
How about you take a lie detector test before calling others out! Put your reputation to the test.
Except Killary Clinton, biggest liar EVER!! And her creepy rapist husband slick willy!
and u. never forget all of ur lies about ur relation with Russia and Israel.
That is rich coming from a pathological, delusional liar.  
Just like you Mr Trump who continues to lie to your #TrumpTards #TrumpPets
Yeah. You should not talk about lying. Where are your tax returns?
Except for you.
Vietnam huh? You mean that place you lied to keep yourself from going to?
Never in history has USA colluded with Putin. You look nervous about #MuellerIsComing and you're lashing out. How's Flynn and Manafort?
The bounds of Trump's hypocrisy is limitless.
Prosecute for STOLEN VALOR
Never until you were elected
A bit rich coming from you mate!
You need a muzzle 
Oh yeah not till you came along trump
Stop your joshin, U lie & defraud people everyday & have campaign rallys like the election isn't over. #notpopular but #stillelected #sadsad
Deal with it Donny
You have alot of balls considering that you were too chicken shit to serve yourself #cowardTrump. You are an embarASSment to the country!
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. - lol
pot calling the kettle black!
Voter fraud? Sounds like a tactic for gerrymanderers... Don't worry, Donald. I've got your back. #MAGA
Coming from the biggest manipulator Biggest defrauder ( I owe NO contactor's) money yet is written YOU DO. You lie!
Another lie from you Just about everthing that comes out your mouth is a lie
Look in the mirror to see a word class lier 
Remind us what your foot problem was that got you out of serving???
oh like u and trump university? or defrauding atlantic city contractors out of money u OWE THEM,or campaign promises that not 1 has happened
On Tax reductions/Business profits/dividends- they FLOW THROUGH to people, people spend that money! Helps everybody!!!
This is true but SOROS is worse. Why ismt he being investigated. Hes abusing citizenship. I guess the citizenship oath doesnt mean anything

FOCUS! All we ask is that you do NOT GET US INTO WAR. #AccidentalPresident
Remember there 3 fingers pointing back at you for lying to the American people!!!
Give it a rest jackanory
Takes one to know one.
Never in U.S. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Donald J. Trump. U spread stories about your opponents & propaganda to win.
You really have the nerve to talk about anyone lying?!?  Liar in chief
with recents years their testenings! Trump dumb they know!  Gives higher more legional thoughts (they knew) HATED TRUMP!
oh that is so untrue...you win that award
 never??. Hmm idk about that. What about you?. Do you not think the things you say and are not true are not considered lies? Sad!
With the exception of you.
#chickenhawk
You exceed him in the lies category
HAHAHHHAHA
he who casts the first stone be without sin . You've lied
You.  You have lied and defrauded voters more than anyone in US History.  Please resign and spare us the trauma of impeaching you.
Hmm... Like the dems now CONVICTED of registering dead people to vote?
You're crackers for sure
You are talking about LIES! The geratest LIAR of ALL! That's great. Really great
Lol.  Never before?  Look in the mirror for history maker.
As POTUS how is this tweet acceptable? You're a bully. You're unprofessional and full of hatred.
Wish we had a REAL POTUS, not a lying, loser.  Not a billionaire, not a leader, and plays golf TERRIBLY!  What a hot mess!
Well at least he served didn't he!!!
Trump TOO FAST QUICK stepping UP TOWARDS THE LINES! DONT STOP TO THINK BOUT AMERICAN  LIVES!
If that ain't the pot callin the kettle black.
Your....a Dream come through!! Can't stand him!
Never in U.S. history have they been conned by a grifter pretending to be a president
Omg.
Never on the  history have USA  had a president that tweets so much.... 
Just go comatose already! 
You must have been looking in a mirror when you tweeted this
C'mon .@realDonaldTrump, you know we (I) were #1 in defrauding voters!  #MakeHeavenGreatAgain!
At least he wasn't called a dictator from an elderly woman who lived under Hitler's Germany. Twitler can't handle the pressure!! 
Here in Ct.We call Him Blow hard Blumenthal.
Uhm what about all the lies you've told president trump?
How about modeling without a valid work visa
Wrong. In 2016, a fella named Donald J. Trump lied AND defrauded voters. He told stories about grabbing pussies, and...
S9
Oregon's finest along with nit wit Wyden! Both be voted out!   BEST WAY FOR CHANGE!  Confused Governor's next to be voted OUT
now going after @SENBLUMENTHAL (August 7, 2017; 7:52 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Blumenthall is skum of the earth.
Come on now Donny John; you are forgetting yourself. You're the best!!
U NEED TO FIND THE TRUTH about Trump a great man get away from the fake news put Clinton I jail
Let's try the truth donny, u have lied more, defaced democracy, & cared more about urself than any other leader in history or the world.
He had the HUTZPAH to show up at our VIETNAM VETERANS OF AMERICA
CONVENTION IN NEW ORLEANS LAST WEEK. MADE BIG PROMISES BUT NO APOLOGY.
@realDonaldTrump just makes sh*t up as he goes. You sir are the most compulsive liar in political history
It is a shame the people of the state of CONNECTICUT put THIS guy in our government as a Senator. A fraud!!
Lied and defrauded voters!  Like you did?  You have no insight do you?
History has a funny way of repeating itself 45
At least he wasn't a draft dodger.  #lyingracist #lyingpresident
except for you
Once you start lying your head off is that takes 100 lies to cover for the first 100 because you can't remember what you said
Buen día se q ud nos ayudará SOS Venezuela aquí hay hambre misera inseguridad SOS Venezuela please
Hey remember when you dodged the draft?
Except for YOU!  Lies every time YOU open your lipless mouth!
#alternativefacts
Never in U.S history has anyone embarrassed this nation as you have done. #resign
Except for you
You raging self serving hypocrite, not week has  gone by that you haven't lied & cheated, you truly have no conscience or morals
To be totally honest, in my opinion, President Donald Trump is a pathological lier. He is a white supremacist and that makes him a racist.
Ummmm you lied!!! Please quit.
Correction one person has, he's the fake president, he's racist, corrupt, takes bribes and commits treason, can you guess who?
Your one to talk.......
Or like president Dump
Funny coming from you the biggest con artist, fraud, liar
Stop attacking people and do your job
Thanks Trump
Ummm....I think you get the prize in this category.
and never in U.S. history has there been a worse president than you...
Obama. ( Thought I'd finish the sentence)
New rule: If you choose not to serve, that's ok, but you give up the ability to criticize others for how they did or did not serve.
@FLOTUS  Melania- PLEASE ramp up your cyber-bullying campaign, starting w/ this bully. Ur $25m fraud suit pymt ranks you way above Dick B.!
Yes you have lied to voters! You have lied to your family and @FLOTUS! You are a liar! http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/statements/byruling/false/ …
Uh... except you!!
He really has you running scared. GOOD!
...says the man who can only get his flaccid dick hard by starting a war..
You do it every single day!
Lol wow who are you to call out liars!? 
No you have
Deflection is NOT working for you.
Love your efforts. Quite amusing but #Mueller marches on!
False Statements from Donald Trump (8pages)  http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/statements/byruling/false/ …
Talk about a hypocrite! You defraud voters every single day! You are the biggest liar on the planet!
Bully in Chief. You don't know History. Fraudulent #45!
You use the words "never" and "always" a lot, you did go to college right?
well there is you...
Another caught! Shame on you Blumenthal!!
Coming from the number one #draftdodger
Well, except you, of course. You've told the most and biggest lies ever. Period.  Bigly!
You always say "never in history". What do u base that on? U don't even read.
Shame on you Donald Trump talking about a American's military service . You were a draft dodger with a fake foot injury.
I believe you have lied to and defrauded considerably more people. #ImpeachTrump
And.... I dodged being drafted... because I am smart ... believe me... and I don't like people who were captured....tremendous
Never ?  Never ?    maybe till you came along.   You lie about every subject and have no idea how it makes you look.   Hint: real bad.
Perhaps its time to let everyone know about how Mr Blumenthal garnered his fortune.  His law firm brokered the "Big Tobacco" settlement
Well you should know all about lies.
happens"...there! COLD SERIOUSLY COLD...HEARTED! FUCKING COLD! And you delivered with No   NO   for civilians NO!!!!!
"Never in US history"? Dude, read a history book or look in the mirror.
OH, #fakepotus, those words will come to haunt you, as many of your tweets....
Is there anything more unAmerican than lying or defrauding voters? No. There is not, Two Scoops.
What a jerk
Oopppp wait....You have everyday since you were born, lied like a dirty rug!
When are you going to learn that a good leader doesn't attempt to defame his own people publicly?
Ya bi çeneni tut arkadaş yaa..!
Die
Until now!
Except for you, the greatest liar of all.  Stop your rhetoric about others.  You couldn't find the courage to even serve in the military.
If you're that confused...just look in the mirror for this country's greatest fraud and embarrassment!
