Anyone not stupid enough to watch Fox has known for years how bad the opioid crisis is. Trump will make it worse. He makes everything worse.
Ahhh #FauxNews now there are some #facts for us to go on!  #alternativefacts try working with people in the field & #RealData
Some of these politicians need to be in a bad car wreck, or hit by an IED, then dr tell them, sorry, no pain meds, no modern medicine!
I might OD on whiskey.
Dems need to learn that paying your fair share
means ppl w/unhealthy lifestyles i.e., drug abusers
& ppl w/ promiscuous sex habits PAY MORE!
He's already carved out $$$ 4 opioid treatment & been meeting w/governors on how to stop this. Docs already have strict laws now.
When You say "epidemic" you mean there are more addict or they don't have control with their addiction.?
I wonder: if @foxandfriends aired a report about UFOs, how fast it'd take @realDonaldTrump to insist that he was going to tell the people.
I live in Britain, mate.  We don't mind aliens.
Addiction strikes people of all walks of life. It can cause devastating loss of family or friends.Many from drugs prescribed by doctors!
Look at how many incarcerated due to drug addiction!So many lives lost from addiction.Largely created by the greed of drs and drug companies
In our town Meth has taken over
Dude. You can't call every single other news source #FakeNews and then post 3 retweets from FOXNEWS in a row. Shows shallowness of thought.
Big pharma:  hook 'em, then let 'em die. When will we get a class action lawsuit against them?
President Trump, there are many Americans who need opioids, I for one do. Please do not tie my pain doctors hands.
THEIR CHOICE
Wrong!

LEGALIZE Marijuana... it's what the economy needs to make billions to help with the infrastructure. and rebuild cities
Hilarious that you retweet from Fox fake news. Such an embarrassing fake president
Anyone can post a video on opioid crisis. How about actually doing something about it?
When are you going to declare a health emergency over t his???>
You're like Cliff Notes for Faux News.
These drugs need to be banned

thats a flase photo Chance
Why is Obama raising his hand? threatening President Trump? Figured snowflake Libs would take hand gesture as a microaggression! Haha! #MAGA
Lmbo
As soon as Trump was elected I started drinking and using opioids!

Safe to say this "crisis" went ignored and under reported for the previous 8 years, and then some. It's idiotic to blame one man now!
You need to lock up the druggies and clean up our streets! GD lowlifes they are, all of them
How come it was a "crime epidemic" when it was crack but a "health crisis" when it's opioids?
Issue seems pretty black & white ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Robert Byrds death was mourned by the NAACP. He changed.
3 Years, 5 Months, 12 Days, 6 Hours, and 35 Seconds
Until second term
I dunno. I feel like alot of people who voted for Trump are not happy with his performace
Facts don't care about your feelings
You know what I meant. I don't have a horse in this race im Australian. I simply observe and from what I have seen trump isn't doing well
Dude NO ONE likes him. My dad is a hardcore right hand & he does not speak about Trump. He's all about respecting the POTUS but not Trump.
Everyone likes him.
Yeah if you believe in that foul shit
This is one reason the #healthcare bill failed
You were going to fix that!!!
Let's get rid of their healthcare...that should take care of it. #MAGA #мошенника #лжец
Just like the climate crisis...worse than we thought. Gutsy reporting! #BetterLateThanNever
Under President Trump, opioid deaths have reached an all-time high. President Trump is solely responsible for this disaster ravaging America
If he wants to accept credit for good stats he has nothing to do with, he's going to have to accept credit for all the bad stats too.
Drug addiction is a LIFESTYLE choice, NOT a disability!  Addicts get SSI check, food stamps & housing! Why get clean? Stay high FRÈE!
Then why do you support a president who supports a bills that will take care away?
Good work on the RT, POTUS. Problem solved.
Faux news. Faux Pres
They should look into the meth problem that has taken people and torn families apart.
I voted for Trump and I'm incredibly happy! It's Congress I have issues with.
Don't even act like you care. We heard what you said about NH. Jared is not the answer. Lmk if I can help. It's my life's work helping them.
They have no idea. Only 2 cities pathologists even differentiated between types of deaths & that's only been in the last 2yrs.
I work in recovery. People are dying at an alarming rate.
Hah, I almost forgot that Jared was tasked to solve the opioid crisis, too. Must be hard to focus with the criminal investigations on him.
If it weren't such a serious issue, I'd laugh. It's comical to think these people even care about, let alone have a solution for, addiction.
Govt is wasting healthcare $ on ppl w/unhealthy habits
Drug abusers & ppl w/promiscuous sex habits
Christian counselors not allowed to help?
I'm gonna pass on commenting. I will say WOW. Where's the Christianity in that tweet?! 
How many @foxandfriends tweets are you going to retweet today, Mr. President?
Like you care! Too worried about golf or smearing ppl on twitter to care about real issues!
Damned if he does and damned if he doesn't right?
The bipolar behavior of the left is boundless.
Bipolar? Two weeks ago he supported a bill that will take care away.
Exactly. He has to "care" to save face. What he really cares about is....well himself really.
Good riddance

Obama comey clinton and lynch should all be in Prison

can we get real numbers? 320M people in the USA what is the percentage really? a few in this state a few there is it a crisis?
More than a few! If in your family or friends family, it is a crisis!
its not the govt's job to "fix"  it, everything they touch is worse.  its govt that created the problem, they aren't the ones to fix it.
Might be time for the federal government to ease the laws on cannabis somit can be used as an alternative to opioids. Think about it.
Cannabis is certainly safer than opiates!
Agreed.
Instead of tweeting about it, our president should be trying to do something about it!
Like Obama did?
OMG - fox fake news.  Pass the cake fatboy

We all knew how bad it is, it just seems that faux news and its followers are clueless dolts
Maybe try legalization of marijuana to ease pain instead of drug companies creating addicts.
.boy are you late to the party. Rest of us have known this for years while you were sexually harassing all your female employees.
I have to use opioids to survive along side biological medicine come watch my day report that I'm not news worthy right I've not overdosed
Bring back the coal jobs to these pple. That should really make them give us their drugs. Wrong
It is strange how the rhetoric of this "crisis" differs from the crack "crisis". Crack was criminalized and punitive measures were taken!
@realdonaldtrump so just don't start?   WHat the hell is wrong with you!!!
Maybe it is time to go after big Pharma.
wrong. drugs are awesome and all of my friends like them
fucking new hampshire, right @realDonaldTrump  ?

#impotus
#muellertime
#25thamendment
@realDonaldTrump you didn't care about heroin until it started affecting white people.
Besides his Russian help the epidemic opioid use clouding all those brains probably helped trump's election those users can't think straight
#Trump: "OPIOID CRISIS: Worse than ever. A study found the reason of my #DELUSION. Best delusions. Believe me!"
#SAD

as long as the post office keeps bringing opiods in from china, you will always have an issue..Need to stop china from shipping to USA
Fentanyl Blamed for Half of Massachusetts Overdoses — Pain News Network. And illegal street drugs! Tell the whole story!
Now it's and issue lol
Good thing you watch Fox News Don otherwise you wouldn't know a thing.
Easy fix. Deregulate marijuana. Let doctors prescribe it in lieu of opioids and watch the crisis fade.

How many of those OD's were from cancer patients and those with cronic diseases?
"SHOCKING" NEWS REVEALED: obama Manipulated Opioid Crisis Data to Hide The ACTUAL LARGER SEVERITY!
Let em go. Don't waste tax money reviving these fuckers.
Simple solution. Don't misuse them.War on opioids is making legally prescribed pain med unavailable. Don't know what pain is like w/o them.
Here's what news reports are missing: there are people in serious chronic pain. Some are suicidal and denied proper medical care for pain.
Big Pharma is getting everyone addicted!!! Profits!! Blood money!!

#alcoholawareness Nonsense-It's not just opioids America,it's all drugs and Alcohol is the biggest killer and deadliest drug of all combined
Nation database of all RX's issued by Drs then target top 20% per month for review by medical board. Reduce # in bottle to 5 per Rx
Terrible.
F*ck fox bs
If in a group someone in that group have to council need volunteers
When is someone going to tell the truth about the amount of OPIOIDS coming to USA from CHINA?? They're shipped by container loads!!!
Really? There is an opioid crisis going on? Not worried. Now that @realdonaldtrump knows he'll fix it after he's done w/ today's 18.
Don't forget millions who need opoids are not abusers. VA cut off all vets who need these.  My brother can no longer get his pain meds.
Tijdens de vorige #Obama administratie werden #sterfgevallen wegens opioid #overdosis ernstig #ondergerapporteerd:
Low standards lead to mistakes all the way down the line from the doctor to the techs(xrays) tests in general and the pharmacist.
Why is now considered an epidemic. This country has had drug epidemics before with increased mortality.
We should make Opioid's free to all NEGRO'S problem solved
Monetary gain by those who have no consideration for the health and well-being of others yet masquerade as humanitarians to the world
The rest of us knew how bad it is. Idiots.
White people dying let's do something. No war on drugs with jail time?
So sad we have lost so many. 500,000 is scary do something to cut the supply and crack down on doctors who push these drugs.
#MAGA #impeachtrumppence #trumpcrimefamily #trumpfraud #LOCKHIMUP
@realDonaldTrump did you just wake up today and try and come up with a plan...LAME!!!!
Legal Cannabis would lower those numbers, look at the science, the stats, zero deaths per year. 1000 deaths per year for simple aspirin!!
Please give teens hope .Let them know they can have a drug-free life. Tell them it is possible to choose.  Define personal responsibility.
As long as you are in office it will only get worse. That and alcoholism.
Don't make me a veteran, disabled pay for someone else's stupidity. I take low dose everyday just to function. That's not right either
Anything Obama is a big lie! 
Unfortunately those people that need these medications legitimately, are also being abandoned by the Gov. The OD rate is based on abusers.
We've been screaming about this for a long time. GOP didn't care and ignored it. Trump wants to cut funding to let more people die!
Like you care...you're so "self" absorbed, you have no clue what's going on!! All you care about is "praise" sicko!!!!

Drs in Florida gave them out like candy for way to long thanks Pam Bondi for the great job putting these scum Drs out of business.
@POTUS
I just wrote a piece I sent to the local newspaper.  You can't blame the pharmaceutical industry or doctors for addiction.
..any more than you can blame the alcohol industry and grocery stores for alcoholism.
It's like if you go camping and you build a fire. If some idiots play with the fire they're going to get burned.
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
Fake news
Watching this WH & congress "perform" I'm tempted to try some.
Donald, you r not helping ur self by retweeting the sexual deviant network-fox news.
Fox News is FAKE NEWS
Is a negative narrative,and as a retired nurse, shows how very little compassion our society has for other ppl who are in pain. /4
easy solution, give weed for the pain instead
I lost my 27 year old brother in law to heroin last year. He had a 3 year old daughter. Sad.
You don't read so how would you know?
Throwing billions into treatment is the compassionate route.  Will do nothing to prevent further abuse of opioids.  Prescription or heroin.
This is now news? I have been fighting opioid prescribing for over 25 years! Where have you been?
Throw them in jail like we did to all the black people in the nineties war on drugs. What a sham.
@realDonaldTrump
It is proven in States with Legalized Marijuana,Opioid use went down,Bigly!
Actually. Someone like me take a low dose every day to help me function not get stupid. Why make me suffer for another's ignorance
Yes, @realDonaldTrump , it's worse than @foxandfriends thought.  It also affects white people.
THE LEGALIZATION OF #CANNABIS ACROSS THE NATION IS THE ONLY CURE...ALL LEGALIZED STATES HAVE SEEN A 25% DROP IN OD'S, DEATHS, AND CRIME.
So DT SCREWSUP New Hamp, calls u to report on opioids so he can then rtwt & call a news conference #statesponsoredfakefoxnews RIP Seth
Yet, you want to cut Medicaid which is needed for recovery centers to get people help. Such a horrible clueless fake leader. Golf anyone?
please interview chronic pain patients for the other side of story  Patients Not Addicts please help get our stories out
Did your state run tv mention anything about 3 marines???
We thought?
Ppl who need meds for pain management and are being ostracized for being in pain. There is no doubt there are problems in our society w/ /2

Give them one chance at rehab , then let the die if they go back, give them overdose shot to take the pain away.
More lies from Faux the major source of fake news
So bad school nurses in New England carry Narcan with them
Yet you still think it's only about Mexico and police crackdowns?

WHAT???? The Feds lied to the American people?  No Way.... Can't Be!
You can thank this crisis on doctors who overprescribe as well as patients who use these medications beyond the time needed.

Congrats! You gave @potus a topic for the day.
State sponsored news... NOT FREE PRESS !!!
And Drumpf answers with a "Just Say No" message? REALLY? Well, THAT was helpful.
RT @foxandfriends: OPIOID CRISIS: Worse than we thought, with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported ht...
Heroin is an opioid do you all not understand that
Did you come up with this first or did Trump?  I'm Still watching the legitimate news coverage of Mueller investigation

Worse than what your lack of intelligence thought! Come on board to what the rest of the country has been aware of for a few years.
I think that the reason most of your base is on some type of opiod/heroin is because the only time you make sense is when one is stoned!
Designer Drugs: The New Frontier https://youtu.be/CXgk7ludiBA  via @YouTube
Quick - trash Obamacare and all affordable health options!  That oughta fix it!
Everyone knows how terribly horrific it is. I live right in the middle of it, Ohio/WV and no one is doing anything about it except talking.
43 OD Deaths in one OH County in 13 Days. One death every 10 hrs in WV 2016. Police don't followup on tips, dr's still freely prescribing.:(
You're just now coming to this conclusion? I thought you knew this during your campaign? There R other crisis in US, that you R defeating.
Whatever happened to responsibility? Are you expecting healthy people to pay for the addicts? I'm I allowed to say that only to blacks?
Trying to justify your NH comment? #Useless #Fixit @POTUS How much does big pharma give you?
If we showed empathy for blacks during the crack years & created a plan to deal with addiction, we’d be in a better spot to handle opioid.
I hope, Mr President, Mr Carson has some points of wisdom
#LegalizeIt and help Vets who want this freedom, cancer patients, CP, arthritis, etc and get all the votes. Stop pushing Opioids
https://www.facebook.com/groups/Trump1349/?multi_permalinks=292349957835619&notif_t=like&notif_id=1502257574635516 …

@realDonaldTrump Duh! A death toll =911 every 3 weeks. Didn't care about crack addicts in the 90's...
but boy once the rich white folks have a drug problem they're all over it
