fake news, donald you lie every time you open your mouth, which causes other people to lie on your behalf!!
Haha. You're a far bigger source of fake news than the increasingly popular @nytimes You are a liar and the worst @POTUS
Your hatred is so unbefitting to a person who puts is linked to journalism in their bio. Maybe you are still in the dark. Shame...maybe you can write some techy crap for CNN. They always looking for stooges.
Not my problem if you can't handle the truth.

Please go troll someone who is as stupid as you are. We'll both be happier.
nytimes will never be reputable again. Their reputation is one of liberal propaganda. Nothing else.
Twitter censoring my tweets again WHY???//?
Get over it for gods sake! It's not fake just because you don't like it. Beginning to regret voting your way.
It's his disinformation tactic to claim its #fakenews . It's what him and his Russian buddies used to steal the election #trumprussia #maga
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nyt...
Somebody was forced to apologize?The MAJORITY of U.S.does not approve of the wall or ban.Check it yourself please.
Tweeter let my tweet thur!!!

.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes #MakingShitUP out of thin air as usual, #WorstPresidentInHistory  Future generations will still be laughing at u
lol "future generations"
??
the only "future generations" will be the mutated algae after trump gets us all blown up
*fingers crossed*!!
The Media is Embarrassed for taking the Bait!!
#fakenews from the #FakePresident
don't you have a country to run instead of having a man-child Twitter tantrum???
most paid protesters voted for you...Get the source
No Donald. NY Times wins because Everytime you tweet about FAKE news & your win you look INCOMPETENT! RESIGN!
I think I'd really appreciate it if you went on a permanent vacation...I hear Russia has plenty of land to explore
you should know by now mr. President you cannot fix stupid
Not fake but some of the best.  We KNOW better so quit looking stupid telling us different.  Save it for your fans
I would like to discuss the real news.Is it true that you acted without proper intel costing a Navy SEAL his life?
speak the truth Donald!! You da man!!
If you don't want to be criticised, do your job better. Suck it up, King Tang.
lol never happened
I want to see your birth certificate mr. Trump I'm not saying you're born in another country but people are talkin
I am guessing @realDonaldTrump that guy playing the president has a psychological age of about 12.  So there!

Good God, sir, get a grip! Get a therapist! Get to work, for God's sake. You are the only sore winner in history.
Isn't it funny thought, that their subscription base is growing, as @WhiteHouse spews #alternatefacts
omg man, get a grip. U R a world leader now. These small battles r silly. Be a President & not an embarrassment.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Focus, boy, focus. Your the @POTUS...press coverage of you shouldn't even be on your radar! #ThinSkinnedInChief
Still talking about the election. I" pray"this will stop some day. Lol
Yo trump man
release your taxes
Agree
liberal propagandist
Keep this up,  Donald. It's awesome for your impeachment case. It shows how unhinged you are!

meanwhile in world of facts, @nytimes subscriptions are up, whereas @KellyannePolls spread more #fakenews re: #BowlingGreen
they just reported their quarterly earnings and blew away subscriber rates. You are helping them like no one else
it's funny that in the York Times is one of the most trusted newspapers in the world. You're a fake president


it s truly outstanding how much people hate him.

The red represents land. The blue actually represents people. The majority of people in fact.
Subscriptions way up your poll ratings way down
the lies stop at ' we, the ppl' Mr Trump
what about kellyanne's fake massacre?
why do you choose to fight? LIG; let it go. Your responsibilities, priorities are much more than @nytimes
Are u a president or what?
No, Lord Dampnut, you're lost. Maybe you should stop lying and do something beneficial for once in your life?
Maybe at some point you'll realize America didn't elect you to whine but to make people's lives better?
(sorry, forgot to put quotes around "elect you")
Thanks for making The New York Times great again, sir.
How's your health? it must be exhausting and stressful trying to ruin a nation. sure you have 4 years left?
Dear god, our president is literally a goldfish... you're wrong, get over it already @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
The @nytimes isn't lost, @realDonaldTrump -- look, I found it! It's right here!
There was NOT THE NY TIMES produced during a newspaper strike in 1978. Perhaps that’s what @realDonaldTrump is thinking of?
that was, in fact, fake news. And very funny.
.@realDonaldTrump Keep giving them publicity!
THOSE WHO SUPPORT THE NY TIMES ARE AS GUILTY OF FAKE NEWS & SPIN AS THOSE WHO PUT IT OUT.
PROJECT GASLIGHT IS WORKING (stop shouting).
what do you mean?
Gaslighting is when someone manipulates your understanding of the way things are...

It’s great seeing that you are doing what you said you would.  What politician does that?  They talk the talk & don’t do the walk.  We are finally being represented.  It’s been a long time since Reagan.   
It's termed as CRIS or Cranial Rectal Insertion Syndrome, & JUST FOR the Liberal Left,..NOT Eligible for Pre Existing Condition Coverage. 
Thank You for your Twitter "Fireside Chats" President Trump ... keeping Americans informed  #TrumpTrain #MAGA #CCOT


So are you my friend!  YOU KNOW
Never apologize  always stand up for what you believe in.  That why I myself will stand behind my President.
It's obvious you still subscribe. NYT wins!
Sir, request you to consider using the word #Presstitutes for the dishonest and biased media.
Move on, already!
Wow! You really are making "Americans" look stupid. Congrats!
HOW ANOUT ALL THE OTHER ONES UNCOVERING YOUR INEPTNESS??
You are pathetic!
You wish. Grow up and accept reality.
your the only one spilling fake news.
lost like your mind? #SoCalledPresidentTrump
you are a complete fool
the only FAKE thing is you and everything that comes out ofyour mouth SAD!
FACT: The NY Times has more twitter followers than you.

SO PATHETIC 
Also, you see @nbcsnl & the constitution?
Btw, its called "Propaganda" not "Fake News"! lol
they are winning hearts and minds. you are losing market share.
Minions and liars they are one. 
P,S, There hearts are with Satan not you and the American people!!
As a postdoctoral researcher I have a free academic subscription but will now pay to support ethical journalism
very well said sir, sadly lot of media houses come with plenty of prejudice
The @nytimes is the only business you've made successful! Subscriptions doubled!  Keep up the good work!
Acting exactly like rats on a sinking ship.

They are in a frenzy on the bow as most of the ship is already lost.
Oh, Donald you poor baby...cannot you read and see NYTimes if thriving?
Poor trumpi lost his pissing contest
....MOVE ON. We all lost because you are president.
Trump no one is really even listening to you about this anymore.
that's for sure!
"winning" the election.
You do not deserve any apology.
You're endorsing media outlet by name. Calling them fake news make people wanna watch them more. 
#youaredelusional
It seems that you & your demolition team (Cabinet full of monsters like you) want to destroy America...
fake statement by Donald Trump. Learn the facts
not so clever then, are you? not as powerful as you thought you were then, ha ha ha. Grow up Trumpy boy.
your @BreitbartNews consigliere @StephenBannon is "real" news?! What a joke you are! Look at worldwide protests against u.
ok overlord. You say the NYTimes, Wash Post, CNN are all fake. Where should I get my news from? Brietbart? Make it up?
....ummm Bowling Green Massacre? Can you or your "staff" even distinguish lies from the truth?
if ny times is fake news then you are a fake president
American media must read this and open their closed eyes and respect him as a @POTUS  http://blogs.economictimes.indiatimes.com/et-editorials/us-media-must-lose-its-bias-to-understand-donald-trump/ …  @nytimes
You need to stop repeating FAKE news yourself (fake Kuwait news)
Even the @nytimes has more followers than you 
I don't think they apologized. I think you're just delusional. Maybe it's time for some new meds.
the media  gets it right. Fake president fools voters with fake assertions of his greatness.Clearly not up to task
As POTUS, do you not have more pressing and concerning issues to deal with than tweeting when you don't get your way?
can we start using #fakepresident or #alternativepotus
ur just jealous they have more followers than you. Sad!
شما باید با ایران دوست بشید و رابطه برقرار کنید دشمنی بس است
You are great for NYT's business. Subscriptions are way up!
Sir, we too have NYTIMES cousins in India lost n trying to gain ground
And yet their subscription numbers keep rising. https://www.nytimes.com/subscriptions/Multiproduct/lp8HYKU.html … Happy to do my part! #SupportRealNews
FAKE TWEET.
I can't do anything but give you a bottleNOW SHUT UP.
this whole "fake news" thing is getting old. Grow up.
It's getting to the stage where calling media Fake News is the new calling someone Hitler.
You didn't win!!! #fc means fact check please use it.
It is incredible how many lies you can pack in one tweet.
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.

I love that you stand for ur self I won't buying any @nytimes anymore
Calling legitimate media outlets fake is what dictators do.
times is more popular than the donald
YOU ARE A CRAZY BOY. AND YOU ARE A LIAR.
stop it. @nytimes doesn't have to apologize for accurately reporting, instead you should apologize for failing Americans
ok Bowling Green team member! #lügenpresse
Fake? I think not. #stoptrump
is DT the new Emperor Constantine?
who apologized?
Get bent.
NY Slimes!
you are so﹉
just becuz U do not like what the media is reporting abt U doesnt make it fake! Ur tactics r in  #Fascist 101 book
if you're so against FAKE NEWS why haven't you questioned Fox News for saying a witness in Quebec was the attacker
I ask you to reconsider,  and look at the whole, instead of the few.
Step down, you're illegitimate
Youre a Bigger Man than them they have NO HONOUR & You SCARE THEM.
i know you're having a tough time, plz resign for your own & everyone's best interest. Go be business guy tv star instead.
Also FYI, every time you try to lash out at someone, it just shows everybody how scared and insecure you are.
stop  embellishing. It is HONORABLE to admit fault and apologize. Give it a whirl sometime.
. Don't sweat the small stuff.
U DID lose, and anyone stupid enough to get the news from #FuxxNooos, the epitome of FAKE, is FAKE!! U#FakeFvck
apologizing is certainly only ever "forced" in your world.
a president is suppose to be for ALL the people. Stop criticizing be an adult not a bully. Words matter! #SAD
Most Americans support the NY Times and freedom of the press. Remember @HillaryClinton won the popular vote.
And if elections were held again today MR. TRUMP would be YOUR big dog. Lol
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
U R the only FAKE...  DJTF
I am not Bannen's PUPPET!  How can I be his Puppet and Putin's puppet at the same time!
Mr president, could u suggest a news source that isn't "fake" that I should be watching?
Always will be! They will never change!
shut up
forced to apologize we all know what that means you threatened them #toddlerinthewhitehouse #wtf
There's nothing more fake than FAKE #SoCalledPresident himself! Daily early morning whining & ranting?! #GodHelpUs
Grow up! Sad!
#LiarLiarPantsOnFire
#lilgideon

Can you be any dumber?
You are suppose to be a grown adult, you need to learn to act like one! Maybe you need some medical help!
I love the NYtimes and how they put further in the sword that will end the cheeto's so called presidency #resist
so is CNN
just disappear please
all I hear is a spoiled little baby crying because he's not getting what he wants when he wants.
HEADLINE: Readership Breaks Records After Trump Deems it #fakenews | People See it as Most Credible News Source

Yeah, that never actually happened.

@nytimes
what in the world drugs are you on?  Sad!
crucify trump! the world hates him & all he stands for. same w/republicans #GOPcorruptAF

