I made rhubarb cake!!!
Where are all the @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump products made?? Did not see you showing ANY of your products MADE IN AMERICA. How SAD
Yet, none of your crap or .@IvankaTrump crap are made in the USA!  #Hypocrite
Looking good in that cowboy hat, Mr President!
Con man. Liar. Fraud. Illegitimate. You're going down. Hard. Here comes the Feds.
Yes, and #none of the products were from #Trump #companies!
The only thing all Americans should by is American
Are your shirts, ties, etc. made in America?  Wow, how great is that?
America first and only..!!!
Restoring morals, ethics, &personal pride in production WILL go a long way&MUST be maintained=GREAT job by God's CHOSEN GREATEST PRESIDENT
As reg Rep:  Practice what you preach. Walk the the talk. Otherwise, it makes you weak leader & u r making this country a joke.
We can pay our bills, save a neighbor from loosing their house because we can employ them, or more become the next tycoon.
So-the stuff made in China with your name on it is crap'
Don’t see any of you or your families product made in America!
I'm just glad U didn't ask "Mr Pillow" 2 hawk his product. His commercials & ads EVERYWHERE R bad enough.$99 4 2 pillows? OUTRAGEOUS!
America is a continent, there, if made at USA, Canada or México, or Brazil or Chile, it is just a great product.
That mean your coll and your daughter collection a second quality product?
We love you  
#MadeInAmerica #Trump #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Don't include all of us in your delusion.
You are the President we have been praying for many years. Keep doing what we voted for!
@IvankaTrump that's why Ivanka's shoes and clothes are crap. Nothing made in America!
Ties… China… Sad
And where does your family make the shit you sell??? USA?  Hypocrite
So why don't you have your products made in America? And why doesn't Ivanka?
Your tweets are all negative bullshit...some leader you are
I need freedom.... Am tired of dying .set BIAFRA free... Set me free
trump. made in china. or india. probably russia. but not made in america...too expensive. does not fit the capitalist model.
Yet your hotels and other businesses are staffed by a growing amount of foreign and illegal immigrants.
We as small manufacturers can become leading companies in the world market.  Without the endorsements from those at the top its not
Then yours and Ivanka's must be bad...sad!
Looks like you are taking an advantage of the United States by Mark greeting Donald Trump products from the White House...scammer!!!

Then it probs wasn't at that event lol
Almost none of his shit is made in America.
I know
That event is a farce
Nah fam
How is he going to host that event when his shit isn't even made here he's a hypocrite

COGNIZANCE: Hell yeah - way to go @POTUS--only in America in order to #MAGA #Trump is  #doingBETTERwhatothersDOgood
Lead by example
I just heard that Carrier is sacking many workers & re-opening the new Carrier division in Mexico. WHY? because they have no respect for USA
TetonNP6901 KimberlyJTilley. Perhaps if you actually spent time in America you could appreciate her. https://www.zazzle.com/z/y0pik?rf=238870160319811129 … #MadeInAmerica
THIS IS AWESOME MANY THANK YOU SO MUCH,MR PRESIDENT WE R PROUD, OF YOU & APPTECIATE YOU!
Disingenuous at best. Where is Ivanka and did you invite the child labor making clothes to the celebration ? Cum'on man fooling yourself.
So why are your crappy ties made in China, you hypocrite?
The big question is, how much does it cost  $$$$$?
When will u and ur evil spawn stop manufacturing oversees? More BS

"Made in America"
http://www.scarymommy.com/here-are-some-photos-of-the-chinese-factory-where-ivanka-trump-shoes-are-made/ …
Yup...maybe Ivanka should try it!
So essentially Ivanka's line is Chinese crap then, right?
So by your own admission, your products and Ivanka's aren't the best. 

Where are your products and your daughters
What about the clothes you are wearing?
So your shit ISNT the best, or @IvankaTrump shit, cause it's made outside the U.S. You're such a flaming bag of dog-shit. #25thAmendmentNow
Cool vid but he got bb hands ???
Doesn't include you or your family so yes i agree your hotels, products are shit
So all your Trump scrap made OUTSIDE USA is JYNK
Donald Trump<FAILURE
Everything made in America EXCEPT the trump family THUGS products.
So don't buy anything with Trump brand...cheap, 3rd rate crap

Are you and Ivanka going to be moving all your manufacturing back to the US that would be setting such a great precedent
First Prezident to hold a garage sale at the White House!! Bargoons, bargoons, bargoons!  #45isHisIQ
Outside of our country.  We still as American Manufactures are moving forward.  
Yes, I know as a manufacturer can never compete with China.
Take it from a retired manufacturing specialist, American goods are #1 and will be #1 globally once again.
Your clothing line is not #MadeInAmerica so by your own words they are Not the best. Your clothes should fit u better; since u own it.
Too bad your companies aren't a part of it. This has to be one of the most hypocritical things I've seen yet.
Did you wear your 'made in China cap' for the occasion?
So all your JUNK is SHIT!
HYPOCRITE
So all the overseas Trump crap is not the best.
Were any of your products there?
Manufacturer of US made product here.  Yours and @GOP agenda including #ACA repeal will destroy entrepreneurs & small businesses like us.
I hate hearing your voice and I hate your face every more with your annoying hand movements. You're the worst president in history.
So, which Trump products are Made in America?
Please make yours and your families products in America! Set a good example!
If it has to be made in the US to be the best .. all your stuff is the WORST ... LOL!!
Thanks for promoting American made products. We are a great country. Thank you for all your hard work.
Hey folks, listen to what I say (just don't watch what I do).
https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/887683362571378688 …
Your administration is in chaos. The country is divided. Our democracy is at stake. Resign now. U are unfit to serve as our leader.
Omg too funny!!! Was your daughter there?  Did she bring representatives from China where her products are made?
What a friggin' joke!

If that's true, why have you been outsourcing products outside of America for years? You get what you pay for! 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/08/26/how-many-trump-products-were-made-overseas-heres-the-complete-list/ …
lmao, you & your family were the white elephants in the room at this event with your slave labor foreign made products! Priceless!!
Let's give credit to the immigrants at Trump's Mar a Lago and beyond, who contribute to making America great.
And the White House was built by slaves!!! During slavery. In AMERICA!!!
If it's Trump merchandise, it was made in some far-off land by slave labor.
.@WhiteHouse and @POTUS can't get their stories straight. #MadeInAmerica proclamation a joke. #FakePresident
HOW COME YOU DON'T DO BUSINESS HERE????
Unlike your wife, the clothes sold by you and Ivanka, and your Russian boyfriend. You don't give one damn about America.
What do you actually use that's made in America President Trump? None of Ivanka's clothing is made in America.
Made in China
So you sell crap?
Home come #MadeInAmerica doesn't any trump products
if confirmed, latest as President Donald Trump seeks made in USA 
Foxconn,Industry Co to invest a $10 billion in One of 7 states
did you really sell made in china trump hats at the event'?
Why are your products and your family's products not made in the UU
Start a war! Life is so boooooring
Made in America EXCEPT for #IvankaTrump and #TrumpProducts all made elsewhere, #Hypocrite #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia #FreePress
Saudi Arabia is beheading 6 school girls for dancing with boys. If you want to MAGA why don't you do something to STOP THIS CRIME.
And we were hit with only six major russia corruption bombshells.
I this, but unfortunately, "WHITE SUPREMECY"(their cohorts) &"BLACK LIVES MATTER" were both MADE IN AMERICA 2. What VA GOV said, I LOVED!!
So I guess your products and Ivanka's weren't the best - since NONE of them were made in America. SAD
Why aren't your and Ivanka's clothes, etc made in America. You & your family should be setting an example instead of blabbering & tweeting!
Why dont you give it a try? Afraid of losing PROFITS?
#MAGA just ship your business to Mexico before the wall goes up
Moronic. Coming from an imbecille who has all his junk merchandise made on China. Now that's something to be proud & brag about. #PeaBrain
And why don't you practice what you preach
Always  first!
So you and Ivanka don't make the best products in your foreign sweat shops, how true!!
Obviously then, your ties are the worst. Thanks for confirming what we all knew already. #FakePresident
So if not made in America it's not the best.....must mean yours and Ivankas clothes are not the best then
Unfortunately you were made in Russia
And you're still making all your shit where? Oh yeah. Not in the USA.
But most of Trump products are NOT made in America?????? #fakepresident #freakshow

but you make your crap in China. Sooooo.... #MuellerIsComing

Made in America.... Where are TRUMP PRODUCTS MADE. not in America.
Too bad that your Presidency was not made in America.  #Russia
None of your family's products are made here & you don't see why that is hypocritical & phony?
Your hard have a label on them that says made in China more fake crap from you
Just found out about a company in TEMPE,AZ who makes all natural cleaning products w/PET bottles. http://TRUCECLEAN.COM   JJ
Trumps manufacture nothing in America, zippo , only bullshit they manufacture a lot of that !!!
....and they have no intention of ever starting to manufacture here
They will be lucky to still have any businesses left after Mueller gets done , sessions will have to confiscate them lol
......that would be rich

So you and your family are going to stop manufacturing your products in sweatshops overseas, then , yes?
But your family isn't making it here so be a hypocrite learn your own words
So you're saying the stuff you and your daughter sell is crap right?
Hey, Your Assholiness! You don't make anything in America. Even your presidency was made in Russia. #Alzheimers #25thAmendmentNow #RESIGN

it is a serious mistake to withdraw for #TPP.  It is all about what he and Ivanka pay to import their things.  Only about his business.
How hard did your people have to look to find something with your name on it that was made in the USA? 
None of you or family's products on display, eh Babyhands?
Speaking of #MadeInAmerica #Russia is making you.
#lies
So what does that mean for the quality of the merchandise you and your daughter peddle, of which NONE is made in the good ol' USA?
Might want to practice what you preach. If you know anything about business and leadership, it's all about the "buy-in".
PleasePray&Help UnitedStates&PeopleOfUnitedStates-HEPdtDonaldJ.Trump..AllNobleHeartedGreatWorldLeaders HavingNobleDesire..
You're such a loser.
Please do tell. Why is it that anything that has your name on it is made in another country ?
Not everything made in America is the best....you were made here, RIGHT?
Make America great again actually means paying your bills! #MAGA = bounced checks!
FIX UR HAIR.
How fun is that!!!
So why is all Trump stuff made in China?
So the Trump products suck because they are all made overseas? Wow, I agree with u on something! #trumpproductssuck #corruption #sad #baby
Lol, an infomercial for Trump goods. 
You don't fool us.  You are getting desperate.  Admit guilt and go for the Pardon.
unlike the crap in your businesses purchased overseas!
made in america, except you. hire american, except you. buy american, except you. #trump
Why don't your family and you apply this to your own businesses?
Which means yours and your family's products are crap!
You just admitted that none of your products are the BEST, lmao
Tell your daughter that! And you could make your ties, suits and shoes made in America too! That would be nice!
Then why doesn't your family make their crap in the USA? Must not be the best, eh?
cowboy hat, rifle scopes, golf clubs and unhealthy donuts! Thanks for being a TERRIBLE representation of my country
How do you represent your country. By giving it to communist
#FakePresident #OrangeCheeto You hosted it, but you didn't participate in it!  All your labels are made overseas!
Where are your ties made?
Didn't see any of your ties or Ivanka's shoes on the lawn.
I love our PRO-AMERICA, AMERICA FIRST President!!  After 8 long yrs of Obama apologizing for America, thank God for Trump!
