Bought and paid for.
I am proud of you all!
Michelle Obama was the best first lady we have had since Jackie Kennedy..
Agreed
such a classy lady
Besides the fact that she appeared naked in men’s magazines. Now that’s a first
We need to stop dwelling on The past and focus on our future.
just kidding actually, neither of you should be anywhere near the whole house
She sure is the prettiest FLOTUS we've ever had!
I think you're lucky she's still hooked up with you.
ur mom gay lol
Your all immigrants
Set her free, SHOTUS.
Let's see how the fake stream media spins this one.
You sure picked a morally upstanding First Lady. Oh sorry, my mistake, you picked the porn star.
Joke
And she has naked pix on the internet.
Don't forget she exist mr forgetful
She loathes you.
She is an immigrant...
Damn lot better than her husband.
POLL 

Who is the better First Lady??

Vote below and RETWEET!
Is this a real question? Wtf
Stop with the tweets. You're making us look bad. #unpresidential
Compared to you anybody would be a great representative.
Will one do the trick?
She is beautiful and a great representative for the US!

No
No. Our country isn’t made up of internet porn models.
Shes a Immigrant ya know
#NOT

You colluded.
NOT! #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
I truly hope so
Fabulous!
We all know that Barbara bush is the real dream boat.   You ever tap that?
And what she sees in you is impossible to comprehend. She's more popular than you. Smarter too.
You're an asshat. She doesn't even know you exist.
Remember when she made the whole world laugh by talking about cyber-bullying? Since you are the most famous bully on Twitter?
Luv Melania #Canada #family #realDonaldTrump
Yes she is, proud to call her our First Lady

Well, its English is about as good as his

Press the button you absolutely lovely man

A shining example of class and grace. She will go down in history as your third ex-wife and the world will say "Yeah, we understand".


Why is she a great rep?  Because she finally understands that public photos with her fingers inserted in her lady parts is not acceptable?
Yeah she's a classy high priced First Lady
Meanwhile, you’re an embarrassment to yours...
It's said she is embarrassed about her heavily accented English speech. HIRE A DICTION COACH
150% correct.
Best 

President 

Ever 

#MAGA
How 
Yes we are! Best @FLOTUS ever!!
#MAGA
Trump will never measure up to the thoughtful, dedicated pres Obama was. He doesn't have the smarts or education or personality. Hes a joke
The liar Obama talked a good talk then done the opposite.
No, Donnie. She's not. She's an embarrassment just like you. A former "high end escort" is NOT a great representative for our country.
Just as an admitted sexual predator and sexual trafficker is a horrifying representative of OUR country.
The world is LAUGHING at us.
You know who was an extraordinary FLOTUS? Mrs. Obama. Brilliant. Devoted mother. Passionate about her causes. Lawyer. Beautiful. Poised.
And Mrs. Obama never had to plagiarize anyone else's speeches because she was so intelligent.
Trump Has Nominated 42 US Attorneys So Far. Only One Is A Woman.
White House gender pay gap more than triples under Trump - The Washington Post
Trump escalates the war on women - The Washington Post
Donald Trump sexism tracker: Every offensive comment in one place
Donald Trump On Tape: I Grab Women "By The Pu**y”
America is PROUD! Melania Trump's grace and intelligence is second to none! #MAGA
Even those who disagree with President Trump are incredibly appreciative of his tireless service to the nation
The Election is OVER! It's now time to rally around our President!
When it's election season, feel free to challenge President Trump. Now is not the time! It's the time for Americans to rally around @POTUS
The Election is Over. 
America REJECTED Democrats up and down the ticket.
Now is the time for ALL AMERICANS  to rally around our President!
You twerp.  Democrats won by 3 million !
The Russian lol. Yeah. Taking a knee on this one.
She's Slovenian, how very ignorant of you.
Wow, even more American!  I totes stand corrected 
You said she was Russian, you were incorrect. Happy to help when I can. 
Yes. Please continue publicly insulting your own intelligence by pretending it matters 

Words in doubt, gif it out!  man I love y'all
What do you want me to say? You found it important enough to state she's Russian, then said it didn't matter. Waste of time continuing 
Love our beautiful First Lady Melania!!
Bought and paid for by Putin.
Our @FLOTUS was born in Slovenia and came to America in 2001. Citizenship in 2006. She is an amazing example of LEGAL immigration. Love her!
Yep, this is class act that worked here illegally till she married the anchor husband.

Well done!  Cheers Louie and thank you.

Hah!
Obviously you don't respect her to have cheated on her multiple times! She's only with you for your money and hates being First http://Lady.By  the way...what heartless thing did you say to her that day!?

Must be a little 'Stormy' around the White House these days.
She's THE BEST SHE IS REAL inside and outside SHE a breath of fresh

I bet Melania enjoyed being with him. A young vibrant man, unlike you.
Yes she is. Total #Class! Something that has been missing in #USA for so long! Thanks Mr. President for all you do to #MAGA!
Very classy
Better than you. She knows when to shut up.
She will with our a doubt leave you  and lives in hate of your presence.
She does not believe in you, you can tell by her reactions to you.
You and the First Lady are INCREDIBLE Mr President.
She is an intelligent, beautiful LADY, proud of her.
Isn’t she an immigrant? DONALD TRUMP LOVES IMMIGRANTS  LITERALLY
n my country we respect the women of other men as well as they respect them.My Respect to the First Lady of the USA
Better her than you. And she is an immigrant.
At least one person in the WH
what I mean to say is that I do not have kids as not married & you better bother trump , not to make this A t rex world & asteroid2 hit?um*+
She is not AMERICAN! She is your wife not representing America!
it is good to see Mr. Trump always protect Mrs. Trump.
How did it feel when she arrived in the mail?

Trump knows his compulsive handwashing could be a psychological problem. Hitler also a germaphobe and coprophage. 
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-got-melania-apos-122904166.html …
I agree. I bet when she said I do she did not think she would b top lady. She is doing a wonderfull job that makes me proud
Under your standards shouldn't you mail her back to where she came from?
Noticeable: She's all smiles when not with you.
Where's her hat?
copy cat of michelle obama 
And a representative for deez nuts!
It's amazing what immigrants can do for this country!
I guess you are going to keep this one pussy grabber?
THANK YOU SO MUCH for bringing true heart, true manners and true class back to WH!And for making it "The People's House"!! God bless y'all!!
She is a laughing stock being married to you. When she walks away. She will be applauded
she has done shit all
She seems to always look her happiest away from you

...African Americans who have been US citizens for many generations. I can only conclude you are racist or possibly a white supremacist?
Of she kept her clothes on for the picture ... GOOD JOB!!!
She's so great that even you forget when she's right next to you.
Fabulous
Absolutely...she's incredible....
Royal shows pity for wife of @LoserTrump.
Whoever thought an Eastern European escort could go so far? From exposing her asshole on camera to standing next to one on tv.
What are you talking about? What did she do?
She is a glorified prostitute
In case you missed prior post more pics of The Elegant "Ho"again
Absolutely I especially enjoyed the nudes of her from earlier in your marriage. Your immigrant wife has almost learned English too Awesome
Better than you Bucko!
Isn't it strange that the "great representative of the country" is the immigrant wife of the son of an immigrant?
Yes she is
Prince Harry is just THRILLED that he's meeting her instead of you.
You don't even remember who she is!
Unlike you...
Yeah, just shows what a 10 second blowjob can get ya! #SoClassy
Shame you can't follow suit!
She will never have half the class FLOTUS #MichelleObama has. Your wife is useless, just like you!
She needs to tell you about bullying!
she’s not great. What has she done that’s great?
Both you and Melania are doing a great job.
I disagree, but if you really feel that way why do you treat her like your lackey? Or is that just your standard treatment of women?
LOL
Michael Obama was the best still is will always be all hail Michael Obama
There's never any tenderness or affection in how you talk about her. It's WEIRD. Obama, Carter, Dubya all had kind words re their wives.
Baloney!
And here she is gushing over Trudeau. Too bad you never see her this happy with you.
My poor country . No Justin... noooooo
Oh yeah, this shows how much you respect your mail order wife. While one leader shows respect and attention to his wife. You ignore yours.
No you don't! You have shown her no respect when you are anywhere.
Dumb as a box of rocks...
Sorry the level of hypocrisy is through the roof that the wife of the absolute worst cyber bully speaks about anti bullying.  Unbelievable !
Michelle was terrific. This one not so much
Without you arround she smiles, but bisede you she have the fce of terror
Is Puerto Rico part of our country? Asking because you haven't said or done one thing for them  #FAUXTUS #DaddyDidntLoveYou
Her agenda is to stop cyber bullying.  She needs to start with you
Unlike you!
I bet Harry nobbed your daughter.
The first lady has a face that says "PLEASE SEND HELP"
If only you would respect her my heart cries out to your wife she should divorce you 
@POTUS @FLOTUS gag
You've got to be kidding? A former porn star who has been seen naked by most of America and can't control the hissy fits of her own husband
You need your mental health checked ASAP! Because your senile. And shouldn’t be in the White House!
But you're not!
Maybe she should be president. You are an embarrassment.  O compassion no leadership. I think there is a job opening at McDonalds.
She's sure as hell better than you are, and that's not saying much!
Hmmmmmm.  Not.
Awesome!

Better than you,  that's for damn sure!
No sweetie, Michelle was a great rep for our country! Ya know, the one who speaks perfect english and wears sensible clothes!?!?

Post more pics like these!! Melania is doing a fa-nominal job representing America!! Thank You!!
Missing a few you nude pictures how come you're not showing them because you're nothing but a pornstar and you are here illegally LOCK I UP!
How about another firm handshake and pat on the back for old times sake? #awkward #uncomfortable #handshake
an immigrant is a truly great representative of your country. Good job previous presidents didn't shut the door to her.....
She doesn't stand up to your racist, xenophobic, hateful remarks, so she is not a great FLOTUS.
She seems so much happier when you are not with her.
You should treat her better then.
She's a paid for....??? And snagged your old arse! Ain't no love got to do with it...We know, it's okay, go ahead and say it! Frauds most!
Old. Model car is over 48yrs pushing 50 lots mileage. You looking to buy another
She is a classy lady
Well, she's got you beat all to hell.
Love FLOTUS she is wonderful
No, she's almost as much of an embarrassment as the guy who helped her get a green card after overstaying tourist visa & working illegally.
She is laughable and not creditable. She embarrasses herself with stupid statements for the country that is opposite what you do
I have to agree with you and you are the total opposite. You’re a disgrace to all of us...
@flotus your nude pics were great. You should update with an "@white house" spread.
Hopefully she finds a "man" there!!
She is a great representative of our country and she wasn't even born here...how about that?!?!?
Proud to have a First Lady who looks great in a $1500 shirt!
She's your trophy wife.....no love there
Yes, she is because she is an immigrant, Bozo. Maybe you will understand it now, but I doubt it.
You are so right. She's an immigrant like a lot of Americans and she makes a lot more sense and seems more capable than YOU.
She not even American lol
she dnt even like yo ugly ass where u buy her from?
She is wonderful!
This First Lady has grace, poise and class!
The avoid formation ,moisture power.
@FLOTUS is just another immigrant! She has nothing to do with our country but to be married to the lunatic that runs in...
What does she do tho?

At least she's pro LGBT equality.
Lol on what planet does she rep ANYTHING but the worlds oldest profession?
Yes, she is!!
