Can. You. Read?
Simply undoing disastrous Obama Policies was, thankfully, simply matter of Executive Orders yet was enough to spur economy. Trump Wins Again
Exec Orderrs  cant assign a single cent for shit:
Dodd Frank Repeal - Congress
Budget -    "
O'care Repeal -   "
QEI, QE2 & QE3 artificially beefed up Obama's economic "success" - smoke & mirrors like everything else during his Administration-not Trumps
Yeah, it was that...Alternative Facts?
Obama Administration was master of alternative facts
Same stats as Bush, Clinton, Reagan; and now Trumps using...Thats U-6 Rate. This was 2012;  Look for 2016 rate
And BTW...Obama came from the worst recession since 1929.
Trump got it easy!
thanks to obama policies   see from 2009, to present ?  
ok..., (August 8, 2017; 10:51 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #JOBS
This is so stupid. Just shows a graph of how well your last president did?
Get real man!!!!Obama has nothing to do with this! All trump cutting stupid regulations that strangled small businesses

these positions are FILLED by QUALIFIED people (August 8, 2017; 10:51 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #JOBS
The loving left. The preach values that  cannot fulfill themselves.  http://www.paulmcguire.us/nwv072516.html 
Great stuff. More and more jobs for the people. Always glad to have voted for Trump. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. #TrumpTrain
Thanks Obama .. started with him
RT @markets: U.S. job openings surge to record https://bloom.bg/2hFC6vY  via @ShoChandra ...


Thanks Obama
Look at the climb starting back in 2009. Wonder what could have caused that! #ThanksObama
Thanks, Obama!
Yes, there r many openings 4 farm jobs now that the migrant workers have returned home due to fear. Food is rotting the fields. Good Job!
Thanks Obama  now let's keep laughing at your chickenshit father 
Obama had nothing to do with the economy as it now stands. ALL TRUMP!
That's a complete lie
No he's chickenshit that's a FACT 
how exactly?
It won't matter if you annihilate us all!!

#ThanksObama. #Trump riding Obama's coattails.
Just go to bed Donald!
This clearly shows the markets rising since 2009. What is your point with this????
Thank You Obama!
@realDonaldTrump THANKS OBAMA!
Again,not your accomplishment-notice the steady upward trend since 2009? You're a #FakePresident w/ #FakeNews! So, #ThanksObama @BarackObama
@realDonaldTrump  

3 Years, 5 Months, 10 Days, 15 Hours, 39 Minutes, and 2 Seconds
look at @barrackobama great gains from 2009-2017! way to go @BarackObama
Wages are stagnant.  Rich get richer and tax breaks. Middle class get food stamps, no insurance and stagnant wages.
Ivanka, how do u feel abt going to prison? Maybe u will get lucky to go to a private prison but were pushing for Federal 
Labor Demand is extremely strong. @realDonaldTrump has turned around Obama's stagnant economic malaise
You're a fraud and Truummpp is a damn fake!!!

Does anyone realize with the deportations and drug addictions assaulting our country, employers are having trouble finding bodies??!!
FFS
#thanksobama
That's a lovely trend line going right up from 2009, right through Obama's presidency.Is trump Obama's hype man? So once again THANKS OBAMA!

That will work!
43 years ago today. Concise and to the point.

You could even fit it in a tweet, @realDonaldTrump. 
yeah not to mention the stockmarket - they love uncertainty!
Wow. that really climbed a lot during the Obama years.
@realDonaldTrump @ShoChandra Thank you President Obama!! Let's give credit where credit is due!
yes! thanks Obama-- look at those numbers climb since 2009.
Thank you, Pres. Trump. You're putting America First! The economy numbers have been fantastic since the election. Let's keep winning! #MAGA
Wait till the fall when his numbers start to come in ;)
He'll say his declining numbers are fake.  Even from Bloomberg
Yep and his supporters will believe it
He'll just blame Obama for that too, like he's doing now w/ n Korea. Least responsible President maybe in US history.
I'm not sure if he is irresponsible? He just doesn't know what the hell he's doing at all
Me neither.  I'd like to think he isn't TRYING to screw the country up.
Did you see him giving that speech? With his arms all folded up , hands in his armpits? He looked scared .
Repeat after me..."Thanks Obama "! #FakeAssPOTUS #IMPOTUS had nothing to do with the latest jobs numbers.
So everything accomplished while Nobama was in office is due to bush Thanks Bush For the last 8 years

Why is his tv so shit?
Because he lives in a "dump"!
Haha, nice 1
@realDonaldTrump @ShoChandra so during Obama's fiscal year
is that why you're hiring foreigners for MarALago? You've requested to hire foreign workers for your resort, what's wrong with Americans?
do you not think American's can cook,clean.change linens, etc? why are you wanting foreigners? oh, so you dont need to provide benefits. duh

I don't know why I laughed so hard at this.
Mr.  President I think you need to put this Country on alert. Orange/red anything, this is serious! Love our President!
U have been un-followed, per your request to disconnect. <3 Steev
Mueller's Coming for you.
@realDonaldTrump I got lies the best lies I tell you No one has as good lies as I do ....
Sounds like Hillary Clinton
Always comes back to someone not in power...you can't seem to realise ... not my circus...not my monkey...you and the # GOP own this mess
Ignore the Manafort raid. Talk about Hillary. (Said the under educated buck killer from Tennessee)
Ignore domestic terrorism with a bombing of a mosque...well they were Muslims...so that doesn't count...right ....I'm right ... right #GOP
Manafort. Manafort. No more diversion, deer killer. Muellwr's@coming for #Trump
And Trump has done nothing even comey said it.
hmmm, why doies this chart look like trump is piggybacking on Obamas work? O h I know, because he is...
Obama seems like a real genius compared to you.
Market tanked these past two days because you escalated the North Korea thing. Cool it. My portfolio took a hit.
I'm afraid to look at mine.
,...but "record # of JOB OPENINGS" is ONLY good IF..., (August 8, 2017; 10:51 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #JOBS
POLL 

Is President Trump good for our economy??

Vote below and RETWEET!
oio
#ThanksObama
Indeed
This is a no brainer .. are Americans really that stupid ?
Um.... look who is sitting in the Oval Office.... there are 60 million Americans who are that stupid. Lol 
Indeed again
You told us during the campaign that these numbers were bogus.
So basically, you're showing Obama was able to change course and lead an 8 year growth trend, that you haven't managed to ruin yet.
Thanks!
Don't worry, it's coming :)

Look at the graph. It's still Obama lol
I'm no economist but I can see an upward trend since 2010. Well done adding jobs before you were #SCROTUS

They prob all inherited the dreaded " bone spur " syndrome
It's been on a steady rise since 2009. Let's wait til your in office for 2 years and see where it's at then
That graph shows and interesting trend. Steady growth from 2009, a year after Obama took office.  Thanks Obama!
Wow , what performance since trump came?
Militarypartners. Org
We can see Mr Obama and Mr Trump are both hard working!
Morning Donnie, what's the really long upward slope there just to the left of your election?
The one about 8 years long, when you were just defrauding tv audiences and not the country itself
Thanks @BarackObama
Hmmm these are unfilled positions... Could all those ICE deportations play a role?
#MAGA
An amazing 84 months of growth!  Congratulations on being in charge for the last six.
#ThanksObama
I didn't vote for Trump . but I'm diggin him more all the time !
@StephenKing : Ineptitude, thy name is Trump.
Obama was a great President. What he did is lasting goodness! ThanksObama!
@margaritarr8 @GaleTStrong 
All thanks 2 President B. Obama degenerate stop taking credit for 44 success #POStrump #Illigitimatetrump
Thank you Obama for fixing the economy!
Foxconn deal is a no go !!
#ThanksObama!
Yes, looks like you've got a long way to go to catch up with Obama, don't you?
Looks like someone is riding the wave of someone else's momentum...
Thanks Obama! Sorry this Trump idiot wants to take credit for your hard work.
In other words, they are continuing the trend established under the previous administration?
I love how @realDonaldTrump takes credit for something that has been increasing at a steady pace since 2009.
America has the jobs. It does not have the people it needs. Time for a new #immigrationpolicy.
Notice that this SURGE started right when @BarackObama  became president....
This is what is happening and has been happening. Born on third base and bragging about hitting a triple. Whine, brag, lie. That's Trump!!
Thanks to Obama!
Your graph seems to show a trend that began when Obama took office. Thanks Obama!!!
Yes! Plenty of $24,000/yr. jobs for Americans who want to work! $24K used to be a lot of money back in the late 70's! Snap up those jobs!
DOW is down 36 points today... Cheeto boy takes credit when it's up, now he gets blame when it's down. #MuellerTime

Am i reading this wrong or had it been going up since a Democrat took office?
 #NotMyPresident #ResistTheNarcissist #resignB4fired
Creating jobs that don't make any money for the state.  Well done Mr. 36%.
Maybe because turnover in the White House is so high.
Thanks Obama!
@BarackObama did all the work and Trump golfs and watches TV and tweets that he's not watching TV or golfing or on vacation.
Thank you President Obama
Thank you President Obama. Trump has nothing to do with this.
What's the pay? $8 a hr
It's almost like there's a trend line that started after Obama took office. #ThanksObama
How'd that stock market react to your crazy-man talk about North Korea?
Thanks Obama!!! The Donald doesn't realize the country is still functioning under your budget...lol
Thanks Obama!

everyones killing themselves over the state of the country, great way to open up jobs
Jobs increase but not pay
Again its the Obama effect. Stop tweeting this shit like you are responsible for anything!
Yo Donny, you didn't do this. Pull your head out of the sand. You're disillusioned to the true statistics and trends.
Why do you keep hyping charts showing Obama making continuous improvement for years and you managing to maintain the trend for just 6 months
We heard the same brainwashing repetition from the liberal media when Hillary was assumed President. Bitter , angry and can't handle reality
When, on this chart, did it begin to rise after a 2 year plummet? 2009? And who had become President 6 months prior? YOU haven't done shit.
Look at all those months of consecutive growth under @BarackObama. Thanks 44! #ObamaDay
Thank you @BarackObama!!!!
Look at that rise. It begins with Obama. Watch for the plummet.
You and Daddy are criminals. Get out of our White House. #KremlinBarbie
I no longer believe any department of government. They will fix the book for business-the highest bidder Trump appoints. 1/
US government agency websites  are already transformed with corporate anti-fact storytelling. Same thing happened to Wikipedia.
Much more noticeable about that graph is the rise from 2009 to the end of 2016. Thanks Obama!
Thanks Obama trump taking credit for his still operating under your economic policies
Thanks again Obama!!
As you can see, its been rising since 2008. It may have a few fluctuations but a general upwards trend. This must be a joke
Continuing a trend. Trump et. al. have no legislation passed that would impact this. He deserves no credit. He has accomplished nothing.
That's a little more than a Trump-bump wouldnt you say? That's rising consumer confidence & restored faith in the USA. Pay no mind to trolls
Umm,  the graph clearly shows that the jobs numbers steadily rose under Obama's presidency.  You can see that,  can't you?
Keep claiming credit for the economy you inherited and haven't yet messed up. What a liar.

Trump colluded with the Russians and will be impeached. I pray he is shot for treason quartered and hung for all to see.
@realDonaldTrump - YOUR term begins in the new fiscal year, Oct. 1. We all know that. Do you know what a fiscal year is?
tell em what the jobs are!! taco bell, mcdonalds, walmart etc
Right along the Obama x-axis that started in 2009... #thanksobama 
Still trying to figure what you think you did to effect this.
Thanks, Obama!
Reg people don't have stocks. This doesn't matter to #TheBase at all 
Thank you President Obama. 8 years of stable government despite the repugnant repuplicans blocking you at every turn!.6 months of mayhem D.T
Good trend line in the Obama years. He left you a good economy.
Job openings doesn't mean we are working...I can post 30k openings myself, doesn't mean I'm actually hiring
Thanks Obama..you are the best
Thanks @BarackObama
THANKS OBAMA!!!!
WE actually know how this works hun.
Trump didn't pass any legislation that caused this to happen.
El gobierno de USA es una vergüenza para el mundo invasores guerrista criminales asesinos son una vergüenza para el mundo
You did see when this growth started, did you?
@realDonaldTrump @ShoChandra THANKS OBAMA
Openings, but not fillable because companies won't pay a living wage.
Anyone else mostly see a chart that goes up from 2008 to 2016? Odd years those.
Nice jobs trajectory. Wow, somebody sure inherited a mess.  Who was that? Thank you @BarackObama.

Btw, how many of those jobs do we think are full-time, with insurance, and livable wages?
Thanks to Obama!
Thanks for this proof that OBAMA did a wonderful job !
I'm surprised they aren't blaming the Russians for this one. Lol
What have you done besides ride @POTUS44 coattails?
Know why that is, Donny boy? Because you're still under OBAMA'S economic policies & budget until October. You count for NOTHING here! <3
That curve is flattening out. It will trend down in a few months.
THANKS @POTUS44 OBAMA! 8 years of economic turnaround and these sad, inept, corrupt losers in the WH think they should take credit for it!
these are not ur numbers, u can't claim work done by @POTUS44, wait until OCT
It's been rising consistently since mid 2008. You're taking credit for Obama's policies that are still in effect. You haven't done jackshit.
Bizarre 2 embrace job reports after dismissing them as "fake"..Great economic news for America....that Obama was some guy....
Good work, Obama
Boy that chart sure shows what a fine job Obama did doesn't it ?
Notice that steady climb during the Obama administration?
In some months, the latest, the number of jobs will drop. Looking forward to read your excuses. @POTUS fear?
Thanks @BarackObama
Available positions?  Of course they went up after the ICE storm that went through. So why is @realDonaldTrump issuing foreign worker visas?
Get er done!
