Thank Obama for the figures.  They have been going up for 8 years.  respect for presidency - tanking
@siobahnhopper
This is Trump economy not Obama. Get it right!
The trump economy is going in the toilet just like the Bush economy
Not for my business.
Care to revise this tweet? #MAGA #Fail #Sad
Actually it worth noting that no matter how hard @FoxNews was on @POTUS44 he never threatened to shut them down #FirstAmendment

Stocks end sharply lower, extending a weeklong slide, as the Dow Jones industrial average drops more than 600 points. http://apne.ws/Wa9J0gU 
But when the jobs numbers were fake under @BarackObama. fyi: over 100 new highs under obama but i guess that was fake news
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never ...
Your "base" is only a third of all Americans AT MOST.
The rest of us hate you.
Wow. Hate. #godneedstoblessyou
That started happening in March of 2009. You seem to think it started in January. Thank God 4 President Obama. Without him, deep SHIT #BIGLY
You seriously suck at your job, Trump!
Worst president of all time!
Stop taking credit for the accomplishments of others, #loserTrump!
Not when you choose to allow businesses to do whatever they want minimum wage should be between $40-50 and include full benefits .....
Businesses do not deserve rights over peoples, every true job is important and deserve to paid the same for same amount of work
And for that we have but one president to thank... @BarackOmbama! Hippo, triple-chin you're riding the coatails of 44 .@realDonaldTrump
Screw your base.
"Our base?"  You took an oath to serve ALL Americans
ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US
Thanks Obama!
So you don't give a shit about the rest of us?
And your base is all you care about. The rest of the country can go hand--we don't have a president.
Inheriting money does not make you a good business person like inheriting a good economy does not make you a good POTUS. U suck.
From dictionary's 2nd definition of base: morally low; without estimable personal qualities; dishonorable; meanspirited; selfish; cowardly.
Your "base" is comprised of racists, white nationalists & Nazis. #resist #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrumpAndPence

If by base you mean neo-Nazis and white supremacists, sure
You are not responsible for the first two, and your base is eroding. It turns out some people don’t want to be associated w/ Nazis!
So weird - you were presumably running to lead the entire country. You're a fraud
Well your base also said this about your daughter @IvankaTrump
Be grateful u inherited a good/growing economy. BTW, I hear the dog whistle blowing.
NONE of the country's positives were due to YOU.  #trump you have caused more negatives than anything since the civil war
#Charlottesville
is your base the Nazis cuz I've actually seen videos of a lot of them crying like bitches lately
Have you tweeted thanks to Barack Obama for all this good news?

Tweet me when you've fired Bannon, Gorka & Miller. I'm not your "base" and never will be until you remove the Nazis from your cabinet.
unemploy # declined 4.3% in May from 4.8% when took office Cause about 429,000 people dropped out of labor force
Have you thanked @POTUS44
I Pray for you EVERY DAY!!!!
Thank you President Trump!!!!!!!!


Thank you President Trump
Thank you very much PRESIDENT OBAMA!!! @BarackObama Too bad the cheetos messiah is taking all the credit
Fake news
you were quoted in a story by @CNN
Ur base r scattering like the little mice they are - 35% approval rating - Really can U go any lower? can the GOP afford U much longer?
Give congress obama care
Thanks Obama!
No thanks to you.

#ThanksObama for saving the country from collapse.
Impeach Trump 2017
You Trump haters are small people.
Way to go Mr. Trump your the bull in Washington's China shop ! Keep up the great work.
What stock #s are you reading?!!
Yeah, all thanks to Obama
#ThanksObama
Good job Mr. President
This Draft Dodger is doing really good to have done all that in 6 months.
Your a LIAR...I dont believe anyrhing you say..FAKE PRESIDENT
Very happy with annuities
Awesome

When!!!!where!!!!
This must be your place to brag? If you actually read responses, I'll be shocked.
Disassociate yourself from the stock market, you do not want to be associated with it during it's nosedive
But that 36% approval isn't on your radar? Hmmmmm? Avoid things much?
Obama! Trump is taking credit of your hard work! On a side note, Can I get a small loan of a million dollars?
THANKS PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!
#narcissist #unqualified #nepotism #ImpeachTrump
n
Why will wages go up?  You going to raise minimum wage?  Wages never go up without government help.
Yes thanks to @POTUS44
Nothing to do with you.
What did you have to do with any of it? Nothing! You just take the credit! You've done more TV watching n golfing than governing.
Record profits for 5 years. Until companies are incented to share profits with employees vs using for stock buybacks, incomes will stagnate.
And a BOT named Gab.. how trite.
I admire your strength ! Wish the media would leave you alone to do your job! Again millions of dollars are being wasted on a witch hunt!
Ignorance is bliss.
Thanks to u mr oresident
THAT'S NOT YOUR DOING!!! IT'S President Obama's doing. DO NOT CLAIM HIS VICTORY.
Right.... sure mr trump
and the media ignoring it
All of which, we have Obama to thank for! Not your win, Donny. Not even a little bit.
Wages going up, and people still can't pay rent on studio apartments.
Your approx 30% of the country base is so strong
Under President Obama's fiscal year, you have done anything yet other than play golf and tweet.
You got it Mr President. Keep up the Excellent work.
We need the trade deals that bring our jobs back home. Thank God for helping us and thank you for Making America Strong Again.
America has a long way to go to recover 1% GDP under obama years. West VA people can't afford health care and have no jobs. Obamacare failed
Thanks Obama!
damn right Mr. President
No thanks 2 u FRAUD!
I thought the employment numbers were fake?..
Good work Mr President
Thank you @BarackObama for a great recovery.
Yes sir
Not because of you lol
none is credit to you but to OUR Obama. go Obama,
All inherited from the very hard work of @POTUS44!  Only jobs you are creating are #MakingAttysGreatAgain for your #NOETHICS administration.
LIE
thanks to Obama
Mr. President, consider immigrants our low scale workforce. Move low scale to middle class. Higher earnings, the more the elite make.
Tnx to Obama
Your base never been stronger?  I would say never been dumber....they need to listen to the real news not Fox & Friends.
None of this has to do with you. Still riding on the coattails of obama success
PoS POTUS.. you are not trying to take credit for this, are you?? Cuz you have diddly nothing to do with it.. you inherited it from Obama.
fake
Your base is dwindling, & you are riding on #POTUS44 accomplishments. You've done nothing of value. Only destruction.
Not all your doing
JD I think you need to take some PTO and chill. Life is too short. Stay positive and think of good things in life that you are blessed with.
Obama era policy results. You inherited a stable economy.
I'm not going to stop till you get me my help from yourself till you step forward
Thanks to YOU!  Great job
You'll save even more when you dock obamas pension and put liens on their properties for all the funds that they stole.
base is the perfect word.
Lady justice is not blind and so many that support you are being assualted by our local government
That's a lie @realDonaldTrump it has went up. FACT CHECK May it was 4.3 it is now 4.4 for June.
Thank u President Obama
#FakeNews
Wages might go up, but businesses will hike up prices so it won't even matter...
The Veterans Hotline # you set up on 6/2 is a joke.I called 4 TIMES now.NO return call & NO assistance in battling the VA.
Tell me , when will wages start to go up, when Medicare is phased out and we are dying from you taking off all EPA safety caps? 
Wages haven't gone up since 1980. What are you doing to make them go up? Besides crow?
I look forward to when you meet with Duterte of Philippines. His ratings are at 78%
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start growing up) and our base has never been stronger!
Great
#FAKEDONALDTRUMP
All because of Obama because you haven't been able to pass any major legislation because you are a Schwanzwäsche.
Yes, thanks Obama!!!! It has nothing to do with you.
Stell dich nicht so an
Thank you Mr. President!
The market is wrong and unemployment numbers are based on wrong assertions.(A lie!) Pass the 15% tax faster! Get the economy moving.
The rich have never been richer
u and ur 'base' has nothing to do with it, the state of the economy now is the result of Obama's administration
#MAGA
Thank you Mr. President! It's not your job to be popular. It's your job to lead the American people. God Bless.
yeah like the minimum wage went from $7.65 to $10 and back down to $7.75 in 1mo in MO. Since you're in control, Thanks man.
Unfortunately you had nothing to do with this. All Obamas work! 
In who's world?
my job? where?
Thanks Obama!
Great Job again, keep it up, you are a honest and great President.
Then thank Mr. Obama for this
Thanks Ibama!!!
I THOUGHT U SAID THOSE #'S WERE FAKE? IF OBAMA'S #'S WERE FAKE & HAVEN'T CHANGED TRAJECTORY SINCE U TOOK OVER, IT MEANS THEY ARE OBAMA'S #'S
You have a 38% approval rating
The unemployment rate which you didn't believe in when it was measured for obama ?
Not because of a damn thing you did the Carrier company u visited started there layoffs so did Boeing
Obama was the all time great job creator.  However Trump take a shot at raising everyones wages 30%...then you are somebody.  Start with SS.
Nice that YOU constantly take credit for things Obama's administration got going....you are laughable!
I notice that DT's crowing is just a continuation of a trend that has been going on for a while now. Didn't just start in 1/17.
All thanks to Obama
Perhaps you've told the truth on one of the three proclamations you make here....
That's 33%
Way higher than your average.
Congratulations!
starting to see evidence of the voter fraud you were talking about.

Fix the VS, let Drs see more patients and make receptionists answer the phone. Fix the rules, easy.
Thanks, Obama.
No really, thank you for leaving our economy so strong.
Until your base starts dying when u take away their insurance
Actually unemployment just went up. And the all time low was during the O admin
All time high? My stock lost $2,000... you must be looking at an alternative earth!!
You will never see the stock market gain like Obama did. You are such a looser!
Obama started all those things while still in office all you have done is lie and commit treason
Your base doesn't wash.
Unemployment has ticked up a notch, actually
Jobs were added but unemployment numbers remained the same. @barackobama added almost 15 million jobs. Never. You.
Good job POTUS. Largest increase was in the healthcare sector.  Kinda ironic huh?  Hey we need some commuter train investment in Louisiana.
Says the family begging for food! #TheRealAnonymousIsBack
Thank you President Obama. Trump has not passed any economic legislation. We are still under President Obama's economy
