Damn!  It's your own administration who is investigating you, Orange One.
Your party will turn on you in a NY minute. Take a stand on healthcare and you'll win over millions of people in the middle and across isle
Agree.Hope you're preparing us for the firing of Mueller for leaking and false creation of the Counsel.
I don't think their looking for witches, just criminals...lol   America's Always Been Great! #AABG #DTBUD
Karma.....she is one nasty lady!

We are so laughing at these ridiculous tweets.
Quit whining. Most of the problems you have you created yourself!! Release the tapes!  Release your tax returns!  Release your resignation!!
Pursuing a much worse person
your dementia is showing...
time to #25thAmendement your ass out, send you to the farm.
Maybe Don Jr should get involved, he LOVES to hunt!! Lol!
Say what you want but Impeachment is on the way !!!
I didn't realize presidents had SO! MUCH! FREE! TIME! to spend on social media. This is gettin' more and more sad and desperate, bro.
All it takes is for another Terrorist attack, then the President can declare Martial Law. Prison for the judges, journalist Obama Cronies.
That's a lot to live up to, but would be an interesting reality show!
Stop using "WITCH HUNT' we don't like the inference you are one of us.
Really??? Greater than McCarthyism or Japanese internment? Mr. Trump you tweet less and read more history books.
Ever heard of McCarthyism? Not Melissa. Maybe someone can explain it to you.
Time to grow up and come clean. Just resign already and save us tax payers the expense to impeach you!
We are witnessing Watergate 2.0
Show us Maxine Waters birth certificate... I don't believe she was born. Now THERE'S a witch!!!
I think your doing a great job.
Meanwhile they're wasting time, the economy is slowing down and fed just hiked. Expect trouble ahead if Trump can't Implement fiscal policy
Is very hard for Trump to implement his fiscal policy to make America great again when the Democrats continuously block him
Hey Donald: 
#MAGA
No, we're witnessing a mentally ill orange person destroy America with his Twitter fingers#ImpeachTrump
GUILTY! Have some foresight or dignity or both and just RESIGN!
No, Salem, MA had the greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history.
a witch hunt. That's hilarious coming from you.
You're leading it? OK, here's a tip for dealing with you. Don't believe you, it's a lie. Don't tell you anything secret, you'll tell Russia.

Will the burning be live on fake news?
Tell the truth and the truth will set you free!
Where was Obama born again?
Heard of "The buck stops HERE?" U don't need political experience 2 know how 2 LEAD, spoiled Twithead. Just courage & maturity. #FailingPrez
Profile hi prez for a while
.@realDonaldTrump I believe R Nixon used this broom for his WITCH HUNT, Sir. U might want to borrow it.
#MAGA not
Mueller
#ThursdayThoughts
Stop making a fool of yourself Jenny.
And you're a hawk. Who's the fool again?  Yup, thank you! @realDonaldTrump
...can't wait until the part where they test you to see if you really are a witch or not.. :)
So you'd rather have Pence as president?
he seems more presidential but no,i would prefer a forward thinking individual that would rather invest in the future,and it's not coal.
It's a tough call, Pence or Trump, but I'd really like to see Trump's base put their white hoods back on and scurry back into the hills.
I feel like I disagree with pence,I get the feeling trump is a liar and a full on criminal psycho
That’s ok, u r along with those behind u. Going to shut it down! Over haul or? Do away with fbi. Develop a new improved Dept. Corrupt, wasteful,  leeches, liars need to go and depts. we stand with u! We’re tired of it! They try to stand in the way of the great success ur making
Lol! #AmericasGreatestWitchHunt sounds like show, get the popcorn...wait isn't this the show about #Birthers or #CrookedHillary, must be the new season, #CrookedDonald, I heard this season is actually based on a true story.
Witch hunt? You didn't say the same about Hillary. You're now under criminal FBI investigation. Get over it.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but YOU are the one that asked Comey to stop the investigation, right? Then you fired him for not stopping it?
Even House Republicans couldn't defend what you did. Their excuse was that you just have no idea what you're doing 
Your own words are the greatest threat to your own presidency… you can't seem to keep your mouth shut  https://alt.gop/2017/06/14/no-filter-trump-accidentaly-admits-gop-health-bill-was-a-fraud/ …
Oh, & remember when you called the entire Flynn story a "witch hunt" as well? All while you knew the allegations against him were true?
Wasn't it you who said that a person under criminal FBI investigation shouldn't be eligible as president? https://alt.gop/2017/06/14/its-official-trump-is-under-criminal-investigation/ …
…also, all these revelations aren't helping your "witch hunt" argument. We already know you lied about Flynn, so you can't be trusted.
Oh, & free word of advice: this whole "witch hunt" excuse didn't work too well for Nixon—you may want to rethink your strategy here.
You’ve lied about everything. No witch hunt comrade; you’re guilty.
Are You Delusional? They Already Have Plea Bargains And Your Conviction Will Follow! Wake Up!
maybe you ARE a witch tRumpty Dumpty
If #LyingDonald did not associate with witches he would not be caught up in n a witch hunt!
And YOU ARE THE WITCH!
Who is a witch?
Doesn't matter, you're going down, corrupted mofo!
We are witnessing that biggest attempt to hijack our nation since the War o 1812.
Give it a rest.
- Please stop this Witch Hunt - you have accomplished so much in such a short time - backing you 110%.
You should resign.
Witnessing the greatest scared si called president in American political history. If you’re innocent stop acting GUILTY
At least it's not" Make America gag again" !
The single greatest witch hunt was the never ending investigation into Hillary Clinton after she announced she was running for president.  She committed no crime and in fact, your own administration has actually been mishandling classified information.
Here is a refresher course. Republicans hold the house, the senate and the presidency. ACT LIKE IT !!!!
This is what you spend your time talking about? Sad! You should not be our president!
As long as u seek God's guidance every day you are doing God's will. Behind you 100%
He cheated on multiple wives with multiple women, paid off a hooker he screwed while Melanie gave birth to their child, and cheated Americans out of millions with his bogus university (shall I kept going?). Pretty sure “God’s guidance” isn’t one of his priorities. #impeachtrump
We are witnessing the worst presidency in American History - led by some very corrupt people!
We love you and support you sir! Youve earned my repect!
oh wow, you actually know history? you surprise me every day, Donny.
Really? It's not even close to the @GOP-generated witch hunt over HRC's emails, which - unlike your leaks - didn't undermine US security ;-)
Shush. Show us your birth certificate! I don't believe you were born here.
If republicans get behind Trump they can stop all this and get things done. Let's get to work
Oh, puh-leez. #MAGAts 
Horse puckie .
or, we are witnessing an American President conspire with Russia against his own country.  #impeachment
In fact. the party is already imploding just like the Whigs before them and Lincoln's presidency.
Well as our President  should  you not  stop the waste of our tax dollars!
You are following Nixon's playbook. Trying to discredit investigators. Nice try!
Apparently you don't know much about Benghazi..but I bet you are a Democrat.
your Tweet was quoted by @NBCNews
I dont believe ONE thing the media reports, there paid to LIE, of course they want Pence...they already bought his loyalty
Ha ha bad people.
you are a white collar criminal and will not buy yourself out of this one
time to walk away Donny boy. You're not fit for humanity. Go back to your golden cave.
You are witnessing the single greatest 'DRAMA QUEEN' in American political history - led by some very bad @GOP and conflicted #Republicans! #StableGenius
#MAGA #ManyAreGettingArrested
#TrumpObstructed #TrumpRussia #TrumpLiesMatter #TrumpResign #MuellerInterview #MuellerTime
No. You STEALING healthcare from tens of millions of American citizens makes YOU the bad and conflicted person.
A dem loser's what?
Learn grammar 
yes u are correct! This is a "ploy" used to cause the public to turn against, rebell and actually create anarchy.
Agree
And people just go haywire....is evone blind?? Why do ppl act like the ENTIRE whitehouse isnt corrupt or like they hvnt been all along?!?!
Who knew it would get this bad though?! 
You should give some thought as to how much taxpayer money has already been wasted on he and his family's leisure activities.
Poor Poor Donnie is the victim and feels very persecuted, huh? You the President who is always complaining he is being treated unfairly, constantly whining that no politician in history has ever received worse treatment and there was a witch hunt out to get you! Now that Mueller
"Conflicted"? Who wrote this tweet? Can't be you. You don't know this word 'cause it has 3 syllables.
@realDonaldTrump  There is no such thing as the word "conflicted."
Yeah, you might wanna take a sec to look that up.
POOR DJT THINK YOUR SCHIZOPHRENIC AND A SOCIOPATH YOU THINK YOURE ALWAYS THE VICTIM ITS SAD A GROWN MAN ACTS LIKE A PRESCHOOLER
We the people want our $ back! How dare they waste time & $ on this farce. They need 2 B investigated & CHARGED!
Our President has true Americans support
Fire the special counsel. Investigate lynch obama&arrest Hillary.We all know the laws she broke.investigate congress.Salary but millionaires
I think the single biggest witch hunt was U and ur fake search for Obama's birth certificate. WHAT DID THEY FIND IN HAWAII??????????????????
Pucker Up Trump, The Lawman is coming to get you! Grand Jury, Indictment, Prosecution, and finally Hand Cuffs. Very Real!

so that makes you the witch. lol
People like newcombe here ...are part of the reason our country is in the terrible shape its in..do some research, post words worth reading
Stay true to Heavenly Father and his Son Jesus Christ.
Not even close.. I know you don't consider women people but still.. Thats cruel
.@realDonaldTrump  - NOPE! Amers just want to know WHAT you & Admin are obviously COVERING UP. Bad deeds, childish stubborn, or just games?
We are witnessing the single most worst President in history, leading this country into an Idiocracy Era.
too Many "Witch Hunts" by the Dems lately!
Ding Dong the witch is...
The west is counting on you. It's a witch hunt indeed.
I know of a few so called bad witches here in east Texas who need to be dealt with.JS. I didn't even know witches existed till recently. :(
Ya', Donny, your word holds so much credibility.
THE PRESIDENT IS CORRECT !
I'ts the big stuff, not the small stuff you were elected for.  Ignore those idiots!
Aaaww! Need Princess Donald some pets? Pussy!
I agree! I'm praying for favor and protection for you! Don't lose faith!
3-of-a-kind Rosenstein-Comey-Mueller INVESTIGATE AND FIRE THEM ALL #MAGA @foxnews @msnbcnews @cnnnews
Don't forget Rosenstein and McCabe.
Then Sessions I believe he's played trump
They realize that you’re keeping your word which scares them! God help them when the truth comes totally out!!Their Party is dying!
Please hire a professional Tweeter! You hurt yourself too often#Bad for American and your Presidency!
It's bs what it is
You should learn some political history before making statements like this.
Better yet, he should just stop tweeting all together.
Mex R criminals
DT cheated from ppl
Mex R thieves
DT stole from TU
Mexicans/DRUGS
DT/Russ mafia drugs
Mexicans R rapist
DTgrab them BT pussy
Bad and Conflicted people? Like Hero Mueller ? Led a 3 Marine Div Platoon - Purple Heart, Bronze Star, Gallantry Cross
And I think thats what Nixon said
Projection leads to greater insight into the psyche.


So donnie, who's getting arrested on Monday? Manafort, Flynn, Page? many more, not enough letters lolololololol
So, you are the witch? Witches are women. So that means you are....oh...now I see.
Nice vocabulary you have...
Nothing "honorable" about partisan #RobertMueller. #SpecialCounsel code requires recusal 4 conflict of interest.
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
@GOP has burned @HillaryClinton at the stake since 1992. The Russian investigation is pushing a whole 11 months, you big orange cry baby.
H  &  O       are POS's
The only thing that's exceptional that's happening to you or has ever happened to you is how badly you are failing at being a president now.
Bad cop! Bad cop! BAD COP!! Arrest him
You are going away Wicked Witch of the East!
Wrong
I wonder who the witch is.
The sky is falling, the sky is falling!
Oh my Donald will save us
If by conflicted you mean PSYCHO, then yes! They are very conflicted.
The witch hunt is against the truth, and it's led by a very bad and conflicted person: Donald Trump.
Just trying to get to the truth. Why are you not acknowledging Russia played a part in the election?
You are the best for now. Understand those are distractions from embarrassed Hilarians (Dems). You rock!
Got to find people you can trust .Tom Judicial Watch ,Judge Jenean And Trey Jason Chaffetz he would be great prosecuter
Always got to be the greatest, and biggest. Biggest failure as @Potus is all yours...

are WE now???? An innocent man believes in the judicial system. A guilty man crys FOUL before the investigation even begins
Just trying to hold Potus back from making changes that do not fit their agenda.
keep fighting brother.  To many haters out there!  How about a shout out Prez?
@jeffsessions @jeffsecould help you, could control the agenda, could put them on defense But wont?   Why?
Yay #WitchHunt !! Looks real good that our #lowenergy #president is being #investigated. #sackofshit
but in this witch hunt I think they found a witch, one with orange hair.MickeyG
More like you having toddler fit throwing tantrums again.
THE WHOLE COUNTRY HUNTS THIS WITCH INSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE.  NO ONE WORSE OR CROOK MORE THAN YOU.
Read/watch All the President's Men; you sound more like Nixon with every tweet. Tweet away! Every word will bring you closer to impeachment.
Here, I fixed it-
You are witnessing the single greatest IMPLOSION in American political history - etc., etc.,  #FDJT
Hope they burn u at the stake . Witch hunt
@VP 

Donnie & Mikie, going 2 prison. U know PUTIN'S recalled Russian ambassador. SOON we'll read about his unfortunate "accidental" death.
Oh please you're a hypocrite. It's not even near as big as it was for Mandela and JFK...
- I hope they find the truth
