How about Arkansas!
Funny how everything he tweets gets a hundred bot replies in seconds!
Thank god it has nothing to do with guns.
Don't worry about us shorty
We don't want you here.
No shit? Really.
What a frickin jerk.
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!...
That's your intelligent presidential message??? Way to support & encourage the people of Chicago!
. Doing a great job keep it up. At last a President who cares.
You said it stops right now.  Jan 20.  Finding it difficult to keep promises, eh?  Hard job!
you are too busy tweeting to help - anyone - anything
Hey, wake up, you're the President, Mr. Trump, what are you going to do about it? How are YOU going to help Chicago???
Maybe you should worry about people displaced by  flooding in CA or families torn apart by your ICE "military operation"!
take away their 2016 World Series Championship.
people literally getting mad over a tweet about Trump caring over the most dangerous city in America 
Same crime as around your "hood" in Mar-a-Lago.
It's sad that you use rare events like these as simply propaganda pieces. We have >300 million ppl here...
Also, all of these shooters (it wasn't one incident) were American citizens—some white. Should we deport white ppl too?
lol
Get from your high Tower and do something to help your people #RT #SoCalledPresident #FF #DonaldTrump #joke
Mayor and Governor should be arrested for TREASON for allowing criminals to flourish as citizens homeless, starving.
get surrounding states to implement gun control measures!
@steph93065  imagine what it would B like if housing projects were still standing?  dems tore em down and moved to suburbs
you need help.
you tell us - it's your country - gun control might help, sad 
I'm wondering if the Dems want to keep Chicago in Chaos.
...and you bragged about fixing it in a week
What's out of control is your WH! The only Thing in control of "your" WH is Steve Bannon @TucsonStar @arizonarepublic

love that one lol
so what are you going to do ?
yet you still want everyone to be armed. You just do the get it, do you? Another attack by American terrorists.
Chicago need to be "de-annexed" from the world.
you'll solve it with the travel ban of seven countries right? #SCROTUS
YES! But one question remains: IS CHICAGO IN SWEDEN?
Can't believe this happened in SWECAGO!
All because Chicago took in MILLIONS and MILLIONS of mean, mean immigrants!
It's NOT THE GUNS! Those are only killing people when they're in the hands of TERRORISTS or the occasional LONE WOLF!
But that's cool because most TERRORISTS are in SWEDEN anyway!
And most LONE WOLFS are just GENIUSES with REALLY HIGH INTELLECTS who regrettably snapped.
But LOOK AT SWEDEN! The MURDER RATE is through the roof! 90 reported cases in 2015! That's NINETY in one year! SAD!
Replace "Chicago" w/ "America" and "people shot" with "people's having civil rights are violated" and we'd share the shock.
You should prob do something about the violence in Chicago rather than ask us what's going on?
~ ie... The Violence in kristy wong's mind.
Better Yet..bring ya ass to Chicago you coward. too many blacks for ya. its OK you can bring the help
In Kansas City, Adam Purinton shot several Indian engineers yesterday because he thought they were Muslim.
#Islamophobia
The story, in case you handlers are filtering the news for you: From Kansas City Star—a globalist, #FakeNews, MSM outlet.

Proper schools and education would really help...let Devos work on that!
Ban guns.
tweeting about it totally helps
you're the perfect mob boss to take over, go at it buddy
West Palm Beach had a violent crime rate in 2015  equal to that of the Windy City, according to federal crime records.
Military operation!!
What about the Kansas triple shooting in Olathe which was also terrible: can we expect a tweet from you?
Quick!  Privatize prisons!!!
add the shooting dead to the drug dead and get a real number
... Chicago needs new leadership! Rahm's a joke, an Obama hack who should resign.  His bud BO can get him a job with Soros!
Not from you.
I know you're busy sucking the NRA's dick but common sense gun control might be the answer.
what percentage of murders in Chicago were done by legal guns ?
You're saying preventable deaths only matter if they're a certain percentage?
no I'm saying that taking guns away from non criminals will do nothing to save lives
What about our Natives who are being exiled from their own land. I can't believe I voted just another man with a agenda.
Too bad the #resistance doesn't care about all Natives. Just look at the Eastern Pequot living on the longest, continually-occupies res in the USA and Blue State CT used political power to have their recognition revoked so no more casinos in state and now want to build more.
you're right..
so does Flint, Michigan
Amen Sister.
Wow. Look at all these people who regret voting for you! https://twitter.com/Trump_Regrets 

there's also the family restroom or unisex restrooms for those of u who are confused about how u were born
.@realDonaldTrump Mayor Rahm Emanuel is another #BarackObama.. he is destroying #Chicago, from within!
@JD762011 @realDonaldTrump Master Poe from the show "King Fu", said, roots will accept the very poison that kills the tree!!!
in this case Donald Trump is the poison and the morons that support him are the roots
Sure, sure! Liberals are the government poison! So needy never looking!!!
needy because we want to take care of people less fortunate?
Take from others!Idemand Beyoncé send me money!Not my fault I can't sing nor pretty!

Telling the facts!!! 
HOW BOUT THE TWO AMERICAN GUYS TOLD "GET OUT OF MY COUNTRY?"; SHOT BY  A WHITE EXTREMIST BC THEY LOOKED MIDDLE EASTERN?!
.@realDonaldTrump Any comment on this, Donny?   http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/man-shouting-racial-slurs-kills-wounds-article-1.2980033 …
@ZaneTheSane @realDonaldTrump A racist murder in Kansas doesn't mean that Chicago doesn't need more effective law enforcement.
Thats correct. But he calling "fake news" should be different and also talk about
So what are you going to do about it? Oh I know, nothing. You are to busy whining about the media.
I'm not the fucking president. What I would do is irrelevant. I didn't make promises to the American ppl!
PLEASE stop talking about Obama. His term is over.
That doesn't answer my question. 1st amendment says I can talk shit ALL I WANT!!!!!
do you know that an 32 yr old Indian was shot dead in Kansas City by a person who believes in your rhetoric on immigration?
how is your preaching different from mullahs of radical Islam? In both ordinary people resort to violence.
Maybe instead of tweeting u might want to actually go there and discuss how yr admin might help. Oh my bad u were
Are you sure that wasn't Sweden?
Ban guns then!
this man's policies in regards to gun control
*imbecile *cheeto
then why haven't you responded to their requests for help?
You need help
so what are you doing to help them? Or you just pointing out the obvious.
Don't think Rahm is going to do anything about it. Rahm has the mentality of Paul Ryan, do nothing.  You know he's no help?
So glad you like to share the news.. maybe you shouldn't cover up the news in Kansas! you didn't report it.   #FakeNews.
so help them! It's not someone else's job anymore. Do something don't tweet about it!
Is it MIA with concern over 6 shot in Quebec Mosque last month? White guy kills brown man/Muslim, nothing to see here....
any thoughts on what happened in Kansas?

yes please end chicago beig a sanctuary city NOW we want our city back!
so quit bitching about it and respond to their requests for assistance!
honey, those numbers ain't new. And maybe if you IMPROVED CLASS RELATIONS AND SOCIAL VIOLENCE ISSUES they wouldn't exist
Coward, afraid someone might aim that gun at your face? Go to Chicago and fix it, like you promised. #coward
maybe if guns weren't so easy to purchase, no one would be shot and killed
Marshall lawTODAY...take over the city, Obama as a communitty oranizer made it a mess and is trying to do the same to US
- bigots/religitards trip'n because you're not the bigot they wanted you to be - idiots thought #MAGA = back 2 slavery
If only there was someone who has the power to make things better. Oh wait...
Sad. Just like Kansas and Quebec.  Eagerly awaiting your response to those too!
why don't you go take a personal tour - see how that goes...
well since you are POTUS maybe you should realize you're in charge, get you head out of Putins ass and help
trust me its worse than u are being told
Do the right thing. get them help.
What about the shooting in Kansas caused by YOUR  hatred???
You should have a rally in chicago.
There are more shooting in New York City than in Chicago. Why do you ignore them? Oh, right, you're a racist.
you are not kidding.  It's scary here.  Turning ghetto.
isn't it your job to know what is going on there? Could poverty have something to do with it?
shouldn't U be the 1 2 help them?Like passing decent gun laws & NOT allowing every1 including mental patients 2 carry guns?
what are you going to do about it? So far we've seen nothing but tweets and hot air. Do something... or anything.
No mention of the guys shot in Kansas?
- This looks like a job for The President!  Sign an order making crime illegal!
Obama's home is turning into a war zone , Wonder where they got the guns (like we don't know Alphabet Club.)
best president EVER! :-)
Policing Chicago is a State issue. If you had read the U.S. Constitution you would probably know, but....
Your administration breeds hatred and  intolerance .  YOU are the problem with America now.
You just can't  talk from behind  the  desk or tweet about it, You have too meet with  people  talk with them.
situation,if THOSE inmates KNEW they had the Presidents attention,THAT last Guard MAY very WELL still be alive!!To busy??
the help they need is Gun control!
no nigga america needs help
those who run that city should be in jail for failure to obey US laws. Support police
Oh honey there is one guy here who really needs help and we all know who it is. Please. There are some very effective meds.
No comments from you on the killings in the US by WHITE US citizens? Fake news.
your job to fix. #guncontrol
I live in Chicago Southside instead of building a wall get more protection there
how many people were shot / murdered while you golfed this weekend?
Mil. of people in US watch in horror as POTUS regularly throws toddler tantrums. Totally out of control. US needs help.
what's going on with your tax records
Like you give a damn.
more people killed by white right wing terrorists than any other grp since 9/11. Wht peeps need help.
are you sure?
Chicago not the only thing that needs help it seems you do too
Sad that none of them were members of your administration.
We have to find a way to de-criminalize drug use. Have the take the power away from Drug Gangs and Drug Cartels.
what about those shot in Kansas?!
I am proud to call you my President. I live in Hollywood Florida and everyday there are shootings of mostly teenagers.
That is going to get worse, now that you're pulling the rug out from under everyone.
don't worry about Sweden or other European countries-be worried about your armed citizens who kill every day more than here
same night in Sweden: 3 Volvos destroyed. American MSM is upset and cares much about the car owners.
Yes... Chicago gun violence is out of control. U know why? Because Pence next door in Indiana smuggles guns into Chicago
they've requested your help. You've not responded to their requests. What IS going on there?
What R U doing about it NOW? They need more officers; that would be helpful. 2nd, the world is changing; haven't U noticed?
Been going on for over a decade now, u just learning about it? ur only going to cause more problems cause ur out of touch.
we don't need your help in any city.  keep your guns out of the cities.  pass gun laws
#chicago @realDonaldTrump Draft them into army. Send into Syria to guard safe zones.  Since they like shooting so much. Deathrow can go 2.
Stop these trains from entering Chicago. How are people getting guns you ask https://www.google.com/amp/wgntv.com/2017/01/12/how-modern-day-train-robberies-are-bringing-more-guns-to-chicago/amp/ … 
it will take more than city officials or local police to clean that city.
well ur the president do ur job #Duhhh
Then send money to Chicago can fix this with more Police
thank you Sir. #mypresident
@johncardillo then help!
what about the two people shot in Kansas? That was an act of terrorism, as it was an act of hatred against two Americans.
if only our @POTUS had the balls to do something about it #alltalk #micropenis
Send Federal Terminators ASAP
maybe from someone, like, you know, their President?
Call in the "Walk a longs". ***SRR***
you should worry about what cones out of your mouth instead. Equally out of control and desperately in need of help!
What about the synagogues and mosques being attacked? Don't they need help? Why don't you mention them?
Mr. President you are the BEST! Doing great things while these idiots still drinking the Hillary "Jim Jones" koolaid
so what's your plan?
you are the elegant  Rule like a Lion  listen to Confucius  Not to confusion/bill Cervenka Ninety Six,S.C from Texas
Hate crimes on rise since you took office.
were not all in your silver tower. Maybe some cameras to watch people  not ticket cars at stop lights.
Two legal Indian engineers shot by ignorant "make murica great again" terrorist. Resign.
20 bomb threats to Jewish organizations today in USA. What is going on there - totally out of control. USA needs help!
He's for Russia and he hates us for some reason, I know he's trying to bribe his cabinet picks into paying his taxes!
You need help more than Chicago. #SICK #DELUSIONAL #NASTYLITTLEMAN
This slaughter is enabled by White liberals Media +Black America Black lives only matter if they can be racially exploited
we need help in #Stockton too! #unsafe #worstplace
Yrs they do bring in national guard. The loosers who create a chaos and fearful society need to be removed, send overseas?
Sad that some American's care more about what Russia is doing than American's dying
No mention of the shootings of Muslims by the extremists YOU fostered? SAD...

So stop tweeting about bullshit and signing bills about bathroom and start addressing the real problems. # Yeah right
address the Iron Pipeline that you & others in the GOP are so unwilling to do & then maybe we can actually help Chicago.
And what about three people shot in #Kansas? #olatheshooting
#yourefired blatant swipes at Chicago just because the Obamas are from there will not fix your garbage heap presidency.
sucks congress won't enact any gun laws though... if only we had a president who would actually do something helpful
so send help "Mr. President"
Instead of tweeting about it, do something or did you forget the position you were so honered in accepting.
then fix it dammitt
you are doing nothing to help. Can't wait to watch SNL roast you tonight!
Thank you so much President Trump. Support you 100%
