They quite you Trump!
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ...
The more I look at this, the more things I see. But I’m gonna stick with saying it’s a shark cause @realDonaldTrump is scared of sharks 
Thank you for not allowing certain individuals to make it a dog and pony show for their self serving agenda, no fair play is no fair game
http://brisktopia.com/24Bo    
Best Photo Apps for Android for 2018
You are only helping the very rich that is it no one else. Let alone it was found out that you own FOX NEWS so that is why they don't misreport the news (fake news). You Quote Richard Nixon a lot.
...
Keep working and be strong President Trump. Ignore the haters and the ones that want this country to be further divided
Never would have thought CEO would have higher morals than a US President. Wow.
To be fair, the bar is not being held all that high.
Trump can never satisfy the fake news media. No matter what he does, it's not enough or too extreme. The media are truly bad bad people.
Well...Mike Zollo...you can console yourself knowing 12 people out of 300M agree with you.  Bless your 
What's your problem with trump?
1) Well, let's see.  He has flipped flopped on pretty much everything, he does not and cannot lead, he's a narcissist, he cannot control
The stock market is at an all time high, unemployment is down, the in for the first time in history voted unanimously on something
Mr. Hawk - do you really believe the economy is because of Trump?  Do you believe in fairytales or Economics?
Do you not understand economics
Most of the new jobs created would not have happened without trump. No new jobs = ^ unemployment which means less money being spent
Unpresidented
No, thank you! It was a do nothing show anyway.
Hai sir!
Guess no one wanted to play on your team?
Ya right!!
Stupid. They did it themselves.
Pffffffft
They ended YOU
It can't be a failure if he shut it down before everyone bails
Lol, if all my members called me a racist and started dropping out I would try to say I ended them as well. #LiarInChief
Very sensible. no point wasting time if they are grandstanding rather than getting on with the job of working toward stronger US industry
Yet another Pathetic Attempt at Saving Face while Soothing Your Massive Ego!! #AllBulliesAreCowards! #SMEGMA
Basically these people have one thing in mind PROFIT. They will do whatever it takes to make it. Think of them as mercenaries. All for show.
You can't break up with me! I'm breaking up with you! (I think they dumped you first. Just sayin')
Mr. Drumpf, YOU'RE FIRED! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! BBBWWWAAAHA! HAHA! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
YOU ARE A FAILURE. 
YOUR ONLY SAYING  THAT TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE YOUR IN CONTROL, IT'S BS ,SINCE THEY QUIT YOUR ASS,AND REALISED YOU CAN'T BE TRUSTED.
They quit first. Your track record of miserable failures is big league.
... kiddo, the only thing praying for less pressure is your belt... all had left already.
Mr. President: Why Cubans Comunist in Miami? Who vote for YOU? I'm member 2016.
YES SUUUURE,YOU  ending both!Fact is these businessmen sent you packing after your OUTRAGEOUS response to Charlottesville
Lol! Ha! And that's the end of that! You go Mr. President.
lol..they ended YOU
white supremacists are losers--LOSERS!! Civil War--secessionists from union--LOSERS; World War II nazis--LOSERS--the good won--evil lost
No, they disbanded themselves.  More lies.  #Impeach
Plus, nobody wants anything to do with you now that you have admitted your racist tendencies.

Trump and his kids wouldn't have shit if it wasn't for his dad. He gave him a already running business and millions to start.
Now now Donny this is not true is it? Come on are you lying again? Tell the truth...oh you don't know what that means, truth? Right!
BIGOT
You mean the forums where everyone abandoned you because of your PATHETIC political views?  You didn't end them; they ended YOU!  RESIGN!!!
I am praying for you!
It's hard to end what doesn't exist. It's like yelling I quit as you're being fired. Something you'll soon learn about.
winning right??? Dummy.
Free ticket on the cluetrain: your "base" is not representative of the US population. You're SUPPOSED to be president of the ENTIRE country
Not just the handful of nutjobs you cater to.

You really need to resign. You're mentally unbalanced.
You didn't really replacements ... nor could do it all ... #neverforget
@TeresaEdelglass The quitters should have held out a little longer as Pelosi has called out Antifa! Quitters were cowards.
You're not ending it… It's just everybody had the sense to pull out LOL
Lolz! Can't wait for the day you quit being president instead of waiting to get impeached!!
Ha ha ha ha!   Really?
You do realise your old tweets are right there,right?  We just have to scroll down ....
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Good riddance to those cowards!
Looks like they ended and walked out on you.
I support you !
Hope those horrific Jew haters who marched don't blow up synagogue ur daughter/family worship. you there are some good people in hate groups
It's like being back in the playground isn't it? You spiteful child.
Hhd v5mv2cnvkbg ,hvy8rc g dcuhçdtxfxvvigvktvtbv44
You realize we all know that wasn't your decision.I have a email from Ginni, IBM CEO stating the facts.They deserted U. #Impeach or #Resign
#EpicFail noone wants to be on the sinking TRUMPTANIC.. (cue the music) 'never let go Jack'.. Looking forward to u snapping in half and sink
Pathetic

how very unpresidential of you.
Poor baby so sad and can't handle the pressure?
Hi
Good riddance!
WIN!
Weak!   Ineffective!
Uh sorry honey they quit on you and your fragile ego and need to be liked made you come up with the excuse that it was your idea. #SAD
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Careful now, Sir...your fakeness is showing. Ahem...had nothing to do with them abandoning you, right?
You should end your presidency before others do.
Where are the winnings?

IBM says Trump lied. The CEOs disbanded the business advisory group, not @realDonaldTrump as he claimed. He’s an unbelievable liar. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/897921668835946496 …
#ICYMI: New joke going around;

How do you find Trump's house in #Charlottesville?

Look for sign on front yard saying 'WHITES ONLY'

#Loser
If you want to be sure to go to a place in #Charlottesville that is NOT owned by Trump, go to the winery.
#Loser

“Trump Winery is a registered trade name of Eric Trump Wine Manufacturing LLC, which is not owned, managed or affiliated with 1/2
Donald J. Trump, The Trump Organization or any of their affiliates,” 2/2
So the winery is owned by Beavis. Or Butt-head. Can't tell them apart.
Here’s the second issue with Trump’s statement. The winery isn’t “one of the largest” in the U.S. Not even the largest vineyard in Virginia.

Trump closes #Charlottesville statement saying he has one of largest wineries in the country. 1300 acre property w/220 acres of vines. 
Obviously they were just not that into you. Sad!
You are ending them. Word on the street is they walked out en masse.
#TrumpFacts
Your committees didn't meet anyway. What pressure?
You're so full of it! They were all leaving you!
Good grief!  They fired you!  Trying to save face?  Too late.

@POTUS should have added: 'CEO Spineless, Worthless, Wimps'
I must agree with you but CEOs have responsibilities too and don't know the next play by the democrat crime syndicate.
Good point.
Good their fired
Failure...
Everybody deserted you.  You are a little late.
Be honest...they see what we see which is that you and your administration are a dumpster fire they want no part of. Talk about FAKE NEWS!
Give it sometime.emotions are high
You didn't end it. They all quit in disgust of your racist endorsements. You child. #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment #ResignNowTrump
You pompous rear. Face it, Don: they ended it for you.
Yeah because they r jumping ship like it was the titanic
Remove car seller licenses and save for the States and the PEOPLE of the USA over two $TRILLIONs.Now it's in the pockets of 60000 dealers)(
You're a horrible person.
You did the best thing.
Hey Trump, you like Phil Collins?
You ended it because they are all running from you lack of morals.  Your ambivalence toward Nazis and white Supremacists caused them to flee
Another fraudulent statement from #POTUSTrump . The great deflector!
@TeresaEdelglass Quitters were only thinking of the bottom line $$$. They are pretend leaders!
Nah, they dumped your ass!
what a loser says
They are all leaving you Trump! Soon you by yourself have to run the whole country! All by your lonely self.
Taking your ball and going home?
hahaha they walked out on YOU.. #LiarInChief
They left you first!
Pressure on them about what? Hiring Americans instead of foreigners, ending outsourcing, ending White discrimination?
Great. Do that and get back on track. Brannon and the rest can do better for you outside the whitehouse! MAGA!
Rather than putting pressure on the country with your and @VP 's employment, try ending both!
Such a loser #FakePresident, gives up so easily. Not a fighter at all.
they are cowards just like rino's, with a couple rino exceptions only! always pandering to the left out of fear. that's how he left wins!
Where's Kellyanne?  She's a far more convincing liar than you are.

This is like being a parent
Parent: Kids..dinners ready!
Kids: we're not hungry
Parent: fine,it sucked anyways
Putito
Quitter.
Winner*
How is he a winner? They disbanded/quit on him. This was him trying and failing to save face.
B/c he is Trump and he never loses.
NEVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
To save face, you announced before no left on these councils. Failed with the true business leaders of the world. You will never be a League
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Could you end your presidency while you're at it too?
Hahahaha...taking your marbles and going home means nothing when the other kids already left.
The President of America he's best you ever had.
They all QUIT, but I suspect you have started believing your own lies.
All you "tolerant" liberals make me sick. You just keep sounding like spoiled children throwing a temper tantrum. . . .
Trump, let's focused on America and Americans.Not Opium.
I'm so tired of all the winning!
It's a sad state of affairs when reactions like this keep people from coming together for the common good.
It's a sad state of affairs all right.
Sick of all the winning
I thought you had many replacements to take their place?
Haha. You're ending it huh??
Keep up the good work, Mr. President, we love you & pray for you!  You've done more for the U.S.A., in 200 days, than Obama did in 8 Yrs.!
This country has lost genuine respect for one another...we must start with ourselves. Love conquers all.
It was ended b/c CEOS discovered you are not a good businessman and a lying racist. But that was evident during your campaign, wasn't it?
Oh my god the winning!!! When will it stop!?!?
Yeah. Enough really smart people left your fake council so you closed it. Fake
Liar
What about all those poor CEO's, who are just waiting in line to join?
While you're at it END YOUR OFFICE

Twitter would be better off without Trump (so would the U.S)
#realnews
CEOs we're like...
You truly are out of your fucking mind. Go away already. Just go away.
Fake news!  There isn't anyone left. You really are a pathological liar.
THANK YOU!  We don't need any grandstanding by liberals, thanks anyway, lol!
Hahaha! You ended them because everyone left. Nobody likes you.
They ended you
Truth about Trumps Economy:  https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1658218630937851/ …
You "ended" them? More like everybody was quiting, but with your big ass ego you couldn't let that happen, HAHAHAA!!
It's funny, but ain't the swamp draining itself?

The lefties on social media are treacherous. If as conservative u dare say something in support of president they go after u unmercifully
Because the moron in chief drew a false equivalence between the two sides.
You didn't end this... CEOs quit u! U r unfit to lead our country! Please make America respected again and resign.
Hahaha
#nobodylikesyoutrump
President, our family is disgusted by how the media lies to manipulate opinion in the US. We dobnot believe the lying media. We hear you!
Boohoo... they didn't like what you said so they quit. like a four yeast old you then just shut it down because no one wants to play anymore
Translation: Rather than succeed you're quitting because nobody wants to be associate with you. What, no finger pointing?
They were fleeing like rats from sinking ship.
We need to change United States of America to United States For America.
LOL
But everyone says you're such a good businessman!
you should cancel charity events at #MaraLago so these organizations can stop #grandstanding
Can't find anyone who can stomach you?  Neither can I!
You @POTUS FAILED AGAIN!!  Total INCOMPETENCE! Tape about FAKE, UR A FAKE PRESIDENT! @CNN @NBCNews @Morning_Joe @nytimes @washingtonpost
...because everyone quit & you won't sit at a table alone if there's no crayons or kiddie menu or people telling you you're awesome.
Translation: "Everyone was quitting and I need to spin it as a win and seem like I'm in control, so I'm shutting them down." Wah! Quitter.
Would be nice to have some honest people with a little nerve.I hope things get better for our President.
You're a liar they dumped you first will you ever be able to tell the truth
I'll take my ball and go home. 
