Stop Iran deal dead in its tracks.
Nikki Haley is brilliant and a gift to our nation in the work she does at the UN. Thank you, Pres Trump, for her appointment.
Ruhhnkkn0m

Honestly, I'm not sure Trump can even pronounce most of those words, much less use them in a sentence.
Try listening to his speech in Poland sometime...then judge.
Уходи, Тролль
The Iran deal isn't worth the paper it was printed on. We were lied to by Obama and Hillary, what a surprise.
تف به شرفت که نداری
چقدر  به نظر ما بدبختی
Every authority on middle East politics says Islamic Countries never keep agreements or treaties. Un. Members get paid to say nothing, by?
Why do we have deals with these people?!
Sorry I should've said these "Ignorant" People. I know why Cowards make deals. But I will not waste my time trying to clarify 2 an idolater.
Sounds like the IRS Extortion tax agency. Hard to complain about putting an extortionist in charge of it since that's what they really are!
Wait... what snthis going to be your version of WMD?
I guess your kind wouldn't have any manhood at all if you didn't have guns and bombs to back you!

hello
Iran can not meet USA .Iran is not like a Saudi Arabia .
Ian is a very peaceful Country and USA want whole world un peaceful . If Mr President of USA daring person first of all take action on saudi
@KapoIrani
#Iran is responsible for mountains of crimes in #Syria. Starve syrians is their top priority.
Photo: Ghouta oct2017
#Iran is a terrorist.
#shutuptrump
We develop their oil make them Rich and they use the money to undermine us politically, and declare jihad and kill every Christian they can.
You got that part right. We stand by the POTUS! Truth cab sometimes be a bitter pill, but you should try it. You're a big boy now! No?
Mr.President Please give Kurds the weapons they need to defend themselves against Iranian aggression!
bia kirmo bkhor mdr jnde vatan forosh kafie agha dstor jahad bdn ta nntono bokonim hromzade
Thank God we have a strong leader to deal with the NK/Iran problem. They'll respect President Trump or fear him! Unlike Obama! #MAGA
My country fear nothing but God , fear your pussy president , Its country of the lions bitch
Give it up, dude !  Iran is complying. U want them 2 have more nukes ?  Grrr #TrumpWillKillUsAll
Please visit iran
Which response on attack  26/11 on USA. You should start case on Saudi . All world peaole know originality of USA .
What about that laundered money you borrowed from the Iranian Republic Guard Corps (IRGC) to build your hotel in Baku Azerbaijan?
You could buy my silence.. Im cheap.. lets talk.
Fuck IRAN.
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
Tis the nukes we care about, explain the other limits
I first thought U said that! ROFL I should have known U CANNOT GRASP a LENTIL OF INTELLIGENCE!
As Iranian American I am proud of my president Donald Trump thank you Mr. President
Are you trying to get us into a war with Iran?
Is nation building still off the table?
#MUELLER'S #UraniumOneDeal
Using big words can cause the person you're talking to to get confused
Mr. President, I hope you know Nikki Haley is your best appointment to date. Keep her safe.
Have you read the agreement? You can't destroy it just because it happened during your predecessor's term. It's not one of your marriages!
Mr.President please don’t forget the sacrifices of kurdish people in the fight against Terrorism! Now Kurds are again under attack of Iran!
Mr. President Iranian Militias are using now American Weapons against your kurdish Ally! Please don’t let Iran get full control of Iraq!
Mr. President Iran and Iraqs Abadi have refused your request, that Iranian Militias has to leave Iraq! I hope you don’t accept this!
Thank you Mr.President for preventing Iranian hegemony in Iraq!
Thank you for supporting Kurdistan your Ally against Iranian Militias!
*I HEAR YA! But...* What about CIA support for ISIS?  What about CIA assets Stephen Paddock n Marilou Ocampo running ISIS arms to Mindinao?!
He was a framed gun dealing child sex ring operative killed by ISIS and secretly still alive!
*WHAT?  HEZBOLLAH WON'T DISARM THEMSELVES?  They must be anti-NWO, anti-Nazi, and anti-Slavery! UNACCEPTABLE! NUKEM! (but steal their gold).
*OH NO!  IRAN IS HORRIBLE!!  (Because they are one of only 3 countries left WITHOUT A ROTHCHILDS CENTRAL BANK!!  Can you imagine?  No NWO?)
Let's talk about her vote not condemning the barbaric use of the death penalty to punish individuals in same-sex relationships. Disgraceful.
ABSOLUTELY Criminal! Destroy the Oboma, Kerry Iranian Deal
So the answer is to go to war. Another massive mistake by a Chickenhawk. You know nothing about war.
Iran and Iraq Storm Kurd`s Stronghold in iraq 
It isn't technical, it is compliance. There is no provision in the deal on rockets that is a separate UN deal and there it is technical.
Sir Kenya needs your help don't let us down 26th election is a sharm
http://www.gofundme.com/2hgjg 
A businessman will honor his deals.
Thank you, Amb. Haley. Tell it like it is, not sugar coated.
Thinks it's ok for Israel to have nukes but not Iran, alright retard
America is unreliable
Missile and human rights negotiations with the United States are banned
A larger voise:
#down_with_usa
Picking fight with Iran to distract  own downfall minge.

#minge #Iran
So you admit they're complying with JCPOA.
Obama paid them full load of plan with money
.@POTUS Thank you so very much Dear Mister President @realDonaldTrump , Thank you @nikkihaley FOR STOPPING #Iran APPEASEMENT POLICY
Our Nation gives thanks to our service women & men, former President Obama's planning, and that so far Trump has not screwed it up.
The communist party of China is the biggest problem in the world.
You are definitely not using any diplomacy while rep the people. You seem to be awar mongerer.
EVERYBODY GET ON BOARD,AND NOTHING WILL DEFEAT US!!
Plz shut up....IGNORANCE SHOWS ON U VERY WELL! CUT UR LOSSES & LET @MikePenceVP PLZ DO IT
This woman lies like a cheap rug. And you have no respect for our military. By the way. Us pulling out does nothing. Except screw us.
True
Way to go Nikki
 but yet Israel also says they don’t have any nuclear bombs
Threaten them with #Fire&Fury.. worked so well to shut #NKorea up. Ohhh wait... It was unsuccessful.. like most things you've attempted.
Iran is a nightmare of human rights not to mention these violations... watch," not without my daughter." 1990 With Sally Field
Hey. Just think.....  would you trust/believe these guys????  Naw!!
Iran deal must end.
We can't rap about Iran w/o recalling the '51 Kermit Roosevelt-CIA assassinatIon of their President Mossadegh & installed THEIR Shah ET AL…!
 you gotta stop hanging out with Bibi
@CNN @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @CNN @MSNBC @Morning_Joe @AddInfoOrg What is your agenda?  This is blatant lies and the entire World knows it!
http://min-urls.ml/UvQbPsu 
Rogue Iran!

Without 1 PHUQUING mention of Saudi! She has consummed the @realDonaldTrump Kool Aid.
Whilst the Trumpire expands into the Asia Pacific region....watch this space!
It complied. It honoured the deal, America hasn't. Other limits are not part of the deal. No country will trust USA again. Ur untrustworthy!
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
Oh, So True!!!!
Make war, not love with dictatorship in iran , iran people are suffering , today one girl in iran, isfahan city did suicide,she died
She's excellent.
Like what you are doing huh? Turning our country into a theocracy like Iran.
Then FORM a COALITION of COALITION to address these "brazen violations" YOU'RE the PRES actions instead of JUST (tweets) words
Son of the beach
You have shown how you value our kids life's. So stay out of it. Leave it to the pros.

We knew this when Obama got in nyhick as thieves with Russia. We put the Uranium in their hands.
Are you sure your talking about Iran. This sounds a lot like you.
کپ در کینت بنه
Repubs LIED saying they were lied to by DEMO'S in ism DEAL. Now they can REPEAL it & won't! What's up? LIARS in REPUB PARTY!
I stand with Amb. Haley; a breath of fresh air.

http://you-earn.net/?ref=4329 
Deal with "other" thins separately you fool. We need the Iran deal. Your ignorance is a threat to the world.

Haley and Trump, are you really accusing Iran with technical compliance with the Nuclear Deal? Is it a bad news for you?

Nikki Haley is so awesome!!! Excellent appointment, President trump!!
China does the same thing...   TRUMP ATTACK THEM FIRST!!!
Meh !
What you are doing every day is just spreading the wave of hatred.
Bright lady!
Amen! So say we all!

You hide behind lies when is the last time you told the truth! You deflect reality because it doesn't suit your lies again and again pity!!
And you hide behind lying mouth pieces...and you lead them into a future they will never get back when you are gone soon no empathy for them
Iran is very dangerous!
#FakePresident
Mr. Trump You don't have to think about S. Korea. Attack N. Korea to protect American people from nuclear threat of N. Korea.
Iran will violate all deals & Treaties☆FACT☆☆
Too stupid to realize she called you  liar?  In front of the whole world??  Of course whole world already knew that.  Wow you're dumb.
100% right. Expelling #IRGC from the region is essential and necessary to counter #Iran threats. #FreeIran #expellIRGC
100% . "#Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits.."
Well said Sir. "#Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates D other limits.."
"#Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates D other limits.."
Amb. @NikkiHaley
If you telling lies after lies sooner or later people start believing in your lies. Israel is the real threat in Middle East
Why is she for the Iranian Nuc deal? ;she sided with Tillarson; Tillarson needs to go; Iran hates the USA, and would love to destroy us; You cannot not trust Iran
Nikki Haley is intelligent and beautiful
another deal America is willing to tear up ... soon no one will make deals with the USA ... you are not trustworthy or a reliable partner ... the Nazis did the same thing before WW2
Watch the movie The Beginning or the End. It might help you to control yourself and stop tweets that endanger all.
What are you hidding behind? And stop with the wife's body double you look like you have even more to hide
What's the solution, if the U.S. ends this deal then we don't have ANY visibility into their nuclear program and alienates Europe?
@POTUS they're keeping you occupied with bull..your smarter...wake up!..your zionist buddies are humiliating you...
It isn't violating anything. Are you going down the iraq road again with false accusation as we all know how well that turned out.
Dumb to the danger, congress has let him have, and another nuclear fear by Trump, burdening the World with his idiocy.

#Maddow Thread: Trump's Muslim ban caused the #NigerAmbush causing America's regional ally Chad to withdraw from the fight against ISIS 1/
and two, Congress is left with gifting Donald another nuclear toy, he's already naming and will continue to taunt and bully.......
Haley for @POTUS!
Nikki,Not Classifying the Iran Deal and Congress going instead for the hole hog now does two things,1) Iran won't deal with your demands....
We can't trust Iran; talk to President Carter.

Iran has taken over Kurdistan, killing its people and confiscating oil wells. Are you aware?
First Clinton lightened up on North Korea then Obama gave Iran unwarranted freedom to head toward N. K's path? Glad you're stepping in.
We want to verify Iran’s alleged compliance it’s hard to do thanks to the weak Iran deal
LIAR! There are no other "limits" stipulations in this agreement. Just playing to your brain challenged base - U haven't read the Agreement!
No way to verify thanks to obama
Who gains with all of this Mr. president ??? The USA or Israel ???
Hey are in compliance. Period! Why are you trying to start a war with Iran?
 @nikkihaley   #USA4NikkiHaley
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/10/20/politics/poll-trump-iran-deal-north-korea/index.html#ampshare=http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/20/politics/poll-trump-iran-deal-north-korea/index.html …
You hide behind lies and hairspray
Iran hides behind nothing. If the IAEA said anything against Iran you would have been with them all the way. Too bad they said the truth.
More lies.
You can't evidence this delusional claim.
There are lies.
There are damn lies.
And then there are tweets from @realDonaldTrump.

Inhuman treatment #Nigerianarmy to Biafrans only for asking for their freedom @AmnestyNigeria @netanyahu @UN @WHO @antonioguterres @POTUS 
