I think you are confusing Trump with Bill Clinton
You do realize Bill Clinton was the first president this century, right?
Well Trump was not drafted during the 70s(the same time as Clinton because they are the same age), how long ago was that "little buddy"
So you agree that Obama and Clinton are both also terrible presidents?
What an awesome speech! We couldn't be prouder of you President Trump and your family who is supporting you.
Right...  He sounded stupid as hell
I'd bet you never even watched @POTUS speech. If you did there's no way you could of made that comment! 
#MAGA 
#DeepState 
Here's a tip..Canada is a libtard country taking anyone in with no vetting and open boarders.
What did you do in the Armed Forces Mr President?
The same thing Obama and Clinton did
3 Years, 4 Months, 29 Days, 13 Hours, 39 Minutes, and 10 Seconds
WOW! That's the BEST speech I have heard U give! Humility + unity, kindness+inclusiveness. PLEASE continue in that vein.
#Presidential #HOPE

Deadbeat president
You should thank the men and women who have the courage to do what you wouldn't while attempting to avoid STDs #MajorBonespur #DrainTheTrump
Thank you Mr.President Trump we don't know how you do it OMG your amazing thank you 
Wtf? You don't get out much, do you? 
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Trump when Mueller comes for him

Yes Thank You for your service And God Bless

I thank God Almighty that you are our President
You're thanking the wrong entity
I don't worship Satan like you do.
You worship Trump, same fucking thing
False god = satan
You were terrible tonight.
????? 
Nazis.... do you think they are bad?
Let's see your DD214 Donald.
Good speech by potus , you have done so that no president did in South asia
Obama had a bigger crowd of soldiers
You should do real research...not listen to MSM or liberal professors...they have no clue!
all I need is the approval poll for Trump
Is that right?  How'd they work for you on Nov 8?
What a jokester that Barron. Just like his dad. He always seems to be"joking" too. Regular family of comedians. NICE!
As long as they're not caught, right? 
#Shutuo

Love my president.

Mr. President, We all hope your heal spurs have heeled.

What are we trying to achieve in Afghanistan and why is it important that we stay longer — after 16 years already?

Our amazing armed forces don't  need you to use them as a political backdrop for your idiotic prompter reading. #TrumpResign
Break their will, dry up their recruitment, keep them from crossing our borders and yes we will defeat them and DEFEAT THEM HANDLY!
 Special Counsel
 Grand Juries
 Subpoenas 
 FBI Raids
 Indictments
Convictions
 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
Lol. No. What you want in a leader is someone who can a. Admit a mistake b. Learn from his mistake c. Not blame mistake on everyone else
Those are leadership qualities. Being a clueless assclown has never been a sign of being a good leader.
Oh. So your argument is the status that he was born into. Well done. It has no validity into his abilities as a leader. But his abilities
Worlds richest?  You still think that?  How much do you think he's worth. How much does he OWE. How much has he not paid people that he has

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1568736029856269&substory_index=0&id=606804886049393 …

The military men and women love their commander in chief
You've asked them all ?
I currently have five family members in the military and I know how all their friends and commanders feel!
And there are how many in total in the military if that is a representative sample ?
Pres. Trump, are you especially & absolutely against Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, the Aryan Nation, the KKK, & Anti-diverse Survivalists?
How many times do you want him to say it? Just because he said there was violence on all sides in Virginia does not make him racist! Use yr
Yep, dimmer than you look?
That's all you can come up with, insults? Bright
Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha Marsha
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA https://...
#TrumpResign
I think he's saying Obama was a bad President.
Thank you President Trump
I'll just leave this here…
And I am just gonna leave this here too XDDD
#YourOwnSkewedPoll #LMAO #MAGA
You all tried so hard to flip it but failed… SAD!
Failed? XDDD U tried to do it only among your side. yet you still got 50% isn't that against your claim: Trump disapproval is high? #SAD
How many more Americans will die for oil interests?
Have you so easily forgotten 9/11
#TrumpMustResign #TrumpMustResign #TrumpMustResign #TrumpMustResign #TrumpMustResign #TrumpMustResign #TrumpMustResign #TrumpMustResign
#you have to much time
#you have to much time
#you have to much time
Lol! *too x 3... 
Classic.. fix someone's grammar when you have no argument.
If only Nixon had supporters like you. 
If only Bernie had supporters like you.. o wait, he did and still lost BIGLY!!
Totally missed the point.  no sense of history? Or you get the point and know I'm right? Anonymous coward sock puppet.
Uh-oh, he's getting angry . Was reminded how bad Bernie was beaten with his vision of socialism. Maybe 2018 won't be as bad for you 

#U-BUM
☆ A great speak from a president of the United States, let us pray God bless America Today 

You mean the young men and women that didn't dodge the draft 5 times right?  #TrumpResign
The Military has no respect for a FIVE TIME DRAFT DODGER. GET REAL!
I bet you liked Bill Clinton though...
Grow up you probably weren't old enough to get drafted. Unfortunately 
Coming from a 5 time draft dodger your remarks are hollow.  They do their duty to our country---certainly not to the traitor in chief.
It called a legal deferment. Many men received deferments from service in Vietnam.

You mean Obama of course?
Thank you, President Trump, for your LOVE and SUPPORT for our military men and women.  God Bless America!
Take it from a veteran, we need a commander in chief who's not showing signs of dementia, isn't a racist & isn't Putin's puppet. Resign.
As a vet you should be ashamed of yourself. You know as military personnel you respect the commander in chief
Remind me what did Obama do in the military again?
Nazi lover.

Some times the facts don't allow you to take the actions you would prefer to tske.
I wish you actually cared about us veterans. But I feel you care more about yourself. Sad!

but not the transgender ones though right?? #humanrights #EqualityforAll #diveristy #heroes #Resist #crookedtrump #anotherlie
Thanks you again for yours time ours President Trump and Tweet enjoy the day
On many sides. On many sides.
Mr president KEEP ON MOVING and  keep it up be blessed
God bless you for facing a dilemma created 17 years ago and dealing with 9/11/2001. Need to see more of you addressing the nation, our Pres.
Says the draft-dodger who said McCain wasn't a war hero, said he always wanted a Purple Heart, and attacked a Gold Star Family
Praying!
Thank you President Trump.  Know that God is with you!
Thank you
Blessings to all,Keeping You Up in prayers
Are you including transgender military persons? Or don't they count?
And government and ministers and presidents the any countries need too carrying there responsabilities
$60k in golf cart rentals to protect you?   Is that money being funneled to the Russians for hush money?
God bless the spouses and families of these sailors. Our prayers are for them and with them.
About 'easing restrictions', does that mean you're going to authorize torture, and other war crimes as you advocated in your campaign?
The gloves are off dude.
I would like to hear him clearly define it. Is he going to order the military as he himself put it "go after their families", and etc...?
Is that anywhere near Ft. Myers?

Great job Mr. Pres. America is with you!
In 1865, the KKK was started by Nathan Bedford Forest, a Democrat, a slave holder.
They're not draft dodgers like you. LMAO.
Think you have beaten President Reagan in oratory. What a great speech it was! I clapped and shouted "Sock it to them". # 1. Always Trumper.

yey
@realDonaldTrump is a #LiarLiarPantsonFire! #LiarLiarPantsonFire!#LiarLiarPantsonFire! #LiarLiarPantsonFire!#LiarLiarPantsonFire!
Men and women of Fort Mayer, leave the military life before you're killed in a was that shouldn't have started in the first place.
First decent speech I have heard you deliver. Stay the course
Pardon America's favorite sheriff please. Joe Arpio . Tell Mayor Stanton ta comndem the agressive anarchist democrats not US
Even the transgender ones?
MR PRES U HVE MADE THE 
SATANIC EVIL DOERS MAD BC
 OTHER PRES HAS MENTIONED LOVE GOD UNITY
PATRIOTISM MILITARY LOVE
1 AN OTHER WE THE PPL🕇
Should have used the White House, not a military base. Orchestrated speech. Poorly delivered. No specifics. U R NOT believable EVER!
Please bring troops from Afghanistan. 9/11 was a lie don't let more troops die!!!! #AmericaFirst  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Taliban and ISIS are very real I can vouch for that! Of course your welcome to go to Iraq like I did and vouch for yourself
I know Taliban and Isis are real. Been reading about 9/11 and things in 1980's and about Patrick Tillerman..Just don't want my kid to die
Antifa is physically hurting your supporters and no one is doing shit about it
@POTUS 
#MrDeferment
Love u trump thank u for playing attention to veterans like my bf we struggle everyday and work hard he's trying to become a cop.
Good job
Yes thanks to all the real men who had the balls to serve unlike your draft dodging ass ohh my feet hurt I cant go into the military boo hoo
Too bad you are the greatest draft dodging president in history 6 times you deferred from serving the country, a joke of a potus you are
including the transgender!!
Thankfully, your temporary bone spurs didn't reoccur to prevent you from promoting yourself. #Nutlesspieceofshit
Is better build buildings create jobs and apts or house where can a families live under oown ceilings to have a meal
Except the transgender ones you want to kick out of the military..
Thank you for confirming jane is safe Kansas has no fbi and what fbi there is in a school teaching im worried About indians
Except for the transgendered folks, right Donald?
God Bless @realDonaldTrump.2016.
So now those transgender troops are ok to send to die?
@realDonaldTrump gives speech to apologize to anti Confederate demonstrators, #fakenews reports it as Afghanistan tirade
#TrumpsArmy
My father was KIA in WWII in the Navy...in the Philippines...Dec. 11, 1944 on the USS Reid 369. I know what these families will experience.
YOU ARE OUR PRESIDENT! We thank you very much for everything you are trying to do, and the things you have done. God Bless you.
POTUS Pardon Joe 

Yeah, you got so many cheers last night-nobody has ever received so many cheers, right?
Except the transgender ones, right? They're just trouble, somehow.
What is Haqani network? Who invited Jalal Uddin Haqqani to White House - who led the war against USSR -creat the Taliban & let's blame Pak.
As Commander-In-Chief, you are ultimately responsible. Families who lose serving members in Afghanistan will blame you. You'll be a failure.
I swear this president has lag
It's great that you thank them, while undermining them with your disastrous diplomacy with our allies and encouraging home grown terrorists.


This is not anyone's fault but Obama,s because he had cut the Military,s budget and left Ships improvements slack for money.
Best Presidential Speech in years
Does this include all the LGBT service members also???
Wow you included women
Wa e a ease
shut up 
Beautiful words ! God bless our president !
Coming from a draft dodger.
DRAFT DODGING TRUMP!!
"Every member" that a typo Donald Chump or are you contradicting yourself once again??? #impeachmenttime
Hehehe, America's war criminals kill themselves. Gosh one has to puke!
I'm proud of our military. You're right though about Afghanistan. Bring them home. They've been forgotten. SEND IN MERCENARIES & GET IT DONE
FEAR NOT!!! TRUMP T=TRUMP R=RUNS U=UNDER M=MARY'S P=PROTECTION
Our Lady's Peace Plan, Over Atheistic Communism...Family Rosary
Yes INCLUDING transgendered military.
You are welcome Sir
When will your sons and daughters enlist to fight in Afghanistan? Do they have the courage to do what you did not have the courage to do?

In Jesus Name! Amen!
Thank you Mr President. I will continue to support you. Want to drain the swamp, term limits on house and Congress!!!!
amazing you actually read the speech.

get ready

Ya know, those Secret Service guys are gonna get tired of not getting paid. You should watch your back, one of them might turn on you.
@#Uberjewelrydesigns.com supports our Prseident
Thank you President Trump for protecting America 
You gotta be kidding pull your head outta that thing Trump likes to lead women around with , whatta a dippy woman

Not a presidential bone in this JACKSSES body, ha! ha!
Does that include the transgender soldiers who have been fighting and dying?
I have to wonder how many of the posts here are actually from Americans. Or, are they from other countries trying to divide us?
