Welcome to the @WhiteHouse, Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon:… htt...
Tickets booked to Nambia.
Why????
Are you having Peace talks?
Restart HoseiniTv
Next.
U let one in? Why? He got building permits for u in Kuwait?
Hola, señor Donald no siga miscuyendose en  nuestros asuntos internos ni de la región que aquí no sea la sepultura de ustedes,
As we're ur rever now
We want Medicare for all #SinglePayerNow
Hey trump! Did you know they have single payer health care too! Yea we don't that's sad 
#googlemap to the meeting donny. Just a reminder
#FakePresident #Benedictdonald #traitortrump
Qatar and Turkey are transferring ISIS money to European banks via Germany
Oil ?
Sucking up to the enemy! What all happened to your campaign promises? You are trying to enforce the stereotype Democrats have of Republicans
Return to Gold standard now. End the Fed.
Oh here we go. Kissy kissy oil oil oil
Please continue 2 Make America Great AgainWe  for you everyday. We need U 2 secure our borders, no amnesty, jobs, tax reform & healthcare
Thank you Mr. President! I can't tell you how hopeful & proud we are to have you in the White House securing freedom for American citizens
Just amazing . It's wonderful to have a strong intelligent leader in our White House again! So proud of U, all ur hard work for Americans
Barbarians at the White House!
Another ignorent from the minimally educated. As I said before have them blame their parents for not entering the US as our ansestors did.
Why haven't you opened up Mar Largo as a shelter?
Why is the CIA extracting ISIS leaders??
Why is the CIA wxtracting ISIS leaders??
NO WAY YOU SPELLED THAT NAME BY YOURSELF!
His plane is bigger!
#donnyjohnny u do realize u can't keep the white tiger fur lined robes don't u? #MuellerIsComing #Unfit #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpLies

Did you tell them they can have all the military equipment they want to control their people and stop democracy, if you get a new Tower
Oil. Human rights violations. Oil. Oil. Oil. #deadindustry #itmfa
Most of HTML e-mail clients such as MS Outlook, iPhone, Gmail, Yahoo, Mac, Hotmail etc-visit
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
Shmuel Eliyahu,the chief rabbi of Safad,has justified the rape of non-Jewish women & the mass slaughter of Palestinian civilians during war.
What do you call him for short?
Forget it Donald Littlehands Trump, you will never be king, prince, or Amir of America, it's not how things work here. 
#MuellerTime
How many times did you have to look at your notes to type that
A los ricos hasta los pies les quieres besar

Tell him to take off the dress and wear a suit like a human
Trump is a fraud & just a new puppet for the globalists, just with a different platform
How about praying for Florida? We Americas are coming together for our fellow citizens!
This scene looks familiar
Just as before, you're a traitor Trump
#MAGA Kelly has a minder to make sure noone talks to him so Kellyanne and others can't talk to you.  How can you do the things you promised?
I heard his "plane" is bigger than yours.  
I heard you were insecure about the dictator of a petrostate having a bigger plane than you, we get it your penis is small get over it
The enemy of my enemy is my friend? You better watch your asses and America's Security!
#FakeNews

Kuwaiti govt hates Christians
That's a long name!
Uh oh... your cult isn't going to like you inviting the "terrorists" for brunch. 
You know if this was an HRC tweet the #Trump base would be full of anti-islam comments. Such hypocrites
Where was all the "Radical Islamic terrorist" nonsense in the face of Muslim leaders?  U bailed like you called out Obama for #TrumpChicken
this is wath append in south Sudan. Mrs president. all we need is peace love and unity. be our voices. titless. humans
can't you or your children drink this water Mrs president be the change you want to see in the world. speak refugees
@ every 21 seconds a child dies of water related disease be the change you want to see in the world  . Mrs president
Someone forgot to bring that glowing globe that summons the evil spirits
Jue inbreeding cult has been kicked out of over109 countries societies throughout history for thieving deceiving cunning inbreeding traits
سگ‌های
Jews are a 100 times more dangerous to our liberties & this great cause we are engaged in than the enemy's armies. !!!911 George Washington
These Communists Asiatic Jews and asiatic Chinese control the media then send out their trolls out in droves to legitimize their deception
Trump puppet the Communists fascist controlled media is coming after you they've already sent out their parasite trolls out for you
Good
Fascism: I will tell you this right now we Jews control America Ariel Sharone prime minister Israel.
Fascism this is how the Jews planned to take over the world game over  Internet is here.Albert Einstein's 1948 letter to the New York Times
AIPAC/ American Israel public affairs committee control the electronic voting machines/democracy search Mitch McConnell communist connection
Trump X  puppet the communist asiatics jeus  are coming after you just like they did with JFK they control the media /minds &
Country jues have settled they have lowered its moral tone depicted it's commercial integrity built a state-within-a-state Benjamin Franklin
Countries societies for their inbreeding leaving deceiving cunning inbreeding parasite traits Israel country of thieving Jews
They the Jews do have a history they would like to erase that is just not going to happen with the internet today kicked out of over 109
Throughout history wherever this inbreeding Jew coat has gone there has been nothing but death and destruction they the Jews have a history
Brainwash divide-and-conquer this is the Communists Asiatic Jew and Asiatic Chinese trademark search Mitch McConnell communist connection
The inbreeding trolls are out in droves search fascist Israel and communist China pays students to post comments on American internet forums

AG Sessions-Bow your head in disgrace! Refusing to press charges on Lois Lerner after she targeted conservatives?WTF
http://truepundit.com/jeff-sessions-gives-disgraced-obama-era-irs-official-lois-lerner-get-out-of-jail-free-card/ …
#MAGA !!!
Trump is fat. And a criminal
TAKE THAT SILLY GARB OFF, AND DRESS LIKE A 'MAN' SHOULD DRESS !!!!
Yo is your media team using @Apple imovie????
why is he wearing the curtains from the lincoln bedroom??
https://www.instagram.com/p/BYzh7D7AL0d/ 
Who wrote that for u? You can't pronounce that much less spell it!


@azizofkuwait
Making friends with the Arab world brings friendliness and good relations with the US so they don't attack no more the country.




Here comes boss of mr. president








I'm Aquarius my birthday is February 13th consider me the Living Water = Noah's flood . Donald John Trump I'm your gospel you've been warned
This one commandment out of here that we should all do if we love herself number 5. Come on Donald Trump what's wrong with you


What does this mean to you Donald Trump it starts with a B
I'm not here to take nobody's respect away on religion
Come on, now. You didn't write that,  did you?



What's the Riddle to this Donald Trump here's the answer





Consider this the Greek Islands
Consider this Noah's flood there's an answer to this and only I know it consider that a mystery
Water Earth and Sky
Now pay attention to the number 3

What's the riddle to this ...

God gives Second Chances in life the second coming new beginning New Testament Genesis 1.1 equals 2 ..1 $ all over again Authority
This is a riddle I'll give you a hint I'm already considered crucified the Alpha and the Omega What's the Riddle to that.
What number is Jesus Christ considered in the middle 13 th how would you like Donald Trump the capital of California to change.

Seasons on Earth = light , sun , clock,  time , years , months , living , Humanity , life and more
I'm not Lucifer
Flip the picture around you see ... 3☆6 ... 12 apostoles 12 hours in a day 12 months in a year = 36 ... 3=1 6=2 = 1 yr ? Think
My birthday February 13th the mother of my kids November 11th ... 13 + 11 = 24 thrones
My mother's birthday Libra law 24 + = 137 ... 13:7 ... + 24 thrones .
My dad's birthday now look at his gravestone What's the Riddle to that and then look at my youngest son 29 +
My sister's birthday in heaven 31 +
My daughter's birthday 10 +
My oldest son's birthday Libra law 8 +
My youngest son's birthday 22 +
This is my birthday Aquarius consider that the Living Water now start adding up the dates 13 +
Me and my son are parable buy Aquarius and he's Parable with my dad by heart
Three in one






Pay attention to the dates















Three in one
Heaven Earth Holy Spirit

@POTUS It's 'Emir' and not 'Amir' if I haven't mistaken Sir.




Three kings is one king Three Sisters is one sister Heaven Earth Holy Spirit that's three
hello 川普
My oldest son he's me as well his name is Angel
