I hear you're like a dog on a leash and hate it lol. Are you choking trying to get away? #TrumpRussia #nazitrump #25ththe45th
Continues to? Are we supposed to fill in the blank?

Keep doing a great job DJT pay no mind to the racist librals
Oh so you're firing him... awesome 
Haha guess you're watching  @Morning_Joe !
...fail

Waiting with bated breath as to what the ,. . .is going to be.
At least POTUS is not hiding in safe areas and behind masks as many of you racist and bigoted folks can't seem to come out of your closets.
Bring back Mooch @Scaramucci
He certainly is not doing a great job preventing you from being a racist, bigoted, tweetaholic!
I don't think there is a single person on planet earth who would be able to succeed at being your Chief of Staff!
According to sources, you are going behind Kelly's back to do things he advised you not to!
You praise the job Kelly is doing, all the while, sources within the White House are saying the opposite.  I'll blame Hillary's emails..
lolol
Reading between the lines, I'm guessing Kelly's gone in two weeks....
...shit in the Rose Garden ?
Thank goodness he's there smh. Baby sitting
Lol
If only he could stop your ignorant and dangerous tweets #unpresidented #fakepresident #TrumpRussia #undiplomatic #Narcissist #resist
Liar in Charge,  you forget to finish this lie??  Sociopath!
This tweet is indicative that you are not happy. Otherwise, why would you have to say you were?  There would be no need to imply right?  smh
Make sure you keep calling Daddy, though.
ZERO legislative bills!!!
Plz. Your whole presidency is a farce! You wouldn't know if he were doing a good job or bad! Your so damn elementary.
Kelly is a great nanny for you.  Eat your peas!

Different medal mate
General Kelly did an excellent job at DHS. I hope, Mr. President, that you're planning on a role in the White house for Sheriff Clarke!
I think you misplaced a capital letter there. Not sure a capital "a" is honestly deserved under the circumstances.
Fall apart
Has he told you yet that you are a shame for the country and that you should resign as soon as possible? It will happen! #POTUS #Trump #doit
Responding to WP... too funny.
Tweeting a lot today...what did you do know....
... implode.
3 Years, 4 Months, 19 Days, 4 Hours, 24 Minutes, and 33 Seconds

We won't be impressed until he recommends you be removed from office,
Is he limiting your Twitter time?
Lock Comey up! Send deep state a message!
LOCKTHEMUP LOCKTHEMUP LOCKTHEMUP
There are so many crimes! LockHerUP LockHerUP
IRS, BENGAHZI, server, BLEACHBIT, perjury... What the hell is Sessions waiting for!
LOCKTHEMUP LOCKTHEMUP LOCKTHEMUP
So.... you're mad at him and are about to fire him?
I love how he demanded military surround him & now he's "chafing" at order & discipline. You asked for a tuna sandwich. There's tuna in it.
He just wanted to be surrounded by people with ribbons and baubles. Who does that remind me of...
Well, NATO won that one. So fingers crossed.

Cobb County police Lt. Greg Abbott: "we only shoot black people"! It is official indeed! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Dry cow dung on fire is more impressive
Ford explorers in the 90s with Bridgestone tires were more impressive
Pintos were more impressive
To cokehead POTUS..... Schneiderman’s revenge on Trump is coming really soon!!
You were saying? I hope you aged better than your tweet did.
He's a Nazi like you and you will all face Nuremberg justice
Calling a true patriot like Mr. Kelly a nazi, shows how hateful and disillusioned the alt/left has become..
No true patriot targets people by religion
Still waiting for comparison of your service record compared to General Kelly in regards to service for country.
I've served my country since I marched against the Vietnam war in 1969, our invasion of Central America in the 80s & two Iraq wars.
Of course you are anti-military, that is quite obvious you hate our warriors..sick.
I love our warriors, I hate the wars
Did you spit on my fellow warriors when they came back from Vietnam? I know all too well your type..

I'm.   Carlee.  Jo    .kizer
Especially now that he's given up his dignity for you. You like it when people do that for you, since you have none of your own.
He really has you brainwashed.
Yes,he sure lies well!
U should let him make the speeches.STOP TRADE w/CHINA  on all but essentials.They will back Kim down only then.
Really between Pence and Kelly your administration has Ben riddles with foreign agents , now nazis , Russian collaborators , and wifenbeaters. LOL #’White Trash in the White House
The one that concerns me is Gen. McNamara, worried he could stab the President in the back....I don't trust him
Bye Felicia....
John Kelly lost all integrity when he couldn’t admit that he lied to the American people!  Shameful for a celebrated general!
He's as corrupt and as political as you are.  He is not, in any way, trustworthy.
He SUCKS!
Before you start a war remember all the innocents including your neighbour's to the north.

I particularly like his reaction to your UN speech
September 1st, 2017: Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administr...
He’s a liar
So in other words, you're getting ready to fire him soon?
They always do...because they have nothing to back up their rage to stand their ground in an argument
  Hahahaha
Can smell the shit coming from your breath from here!
See that's why you have no friends...you must be one of those that pees in the bottles to throw on people. Disgusting boy
Hii I am job  of joining readey
Continues too... fill in the blank, I'll start. Pardon racist. #impeach
Screw general Kelly. He is the swamp. We've been betrayed again : (
You must have pissed him off, right Donnie? Or is he next on the chopping block? 'Everyone is saying' ur a drama queen! #delusional #lies
So nice Donny that you like your new babysitter! If you start to behave better and act like a big boy, you might get a treat! Spot talking!
See how long that last
Your ENTIRE ADMINISTRATION has been INFILTRATED with DEEPSTATE DIRTBAGS. HIRE yourself PRIVATE SECURITY! The DEEPSTATE is SUPER DEEP!
So, the countdown begins. Once T says this it's only a matter of time.
He hates your fatness mr king
and he hasn't convinced you to resign and save the country he swore to protect and defend. What HAS General Kelly done other than fail?
Oh oh...not good for General Kelly 
So you're going to fire him next week, then?
If you take your tweets and interpret it as the exact opposite of what you meant it's always true. It works every time. He hates you.
General Kelly has his @DippinDots in order. #dippindots
Spiral down the embarrassment toilet?
If he was doing a great job we wouldn't continue hearing the horror coming from your mouth!
Ex-CIA Agent explains why EVERY American should be cheering for Trump to defeat #DeepState.
WATCH:
http://youtu.be/XHbrOg092GA 
#ShadowGovernment
I personally think you leaked the story of tensions with you and Gen Kelly. Trying to create fake news to distract from Russia.  Got your #!
You're still a schmuck, so not good enough. Then again, the man can't do miracles.
Thanks for caring & your compassion sir.
I wonder how many more you'll fire by December...
You are right,  we'd much rather have General Kelly as President, than you. #impeachtrump #trumpisinsane #trumpisatraitor #trumprussia
Mr President you need to fire MCMASTERS and Mueller right now,  this BS HAS TO STOP
Bravo  bravo  finally some order
WELL THAT ENDS MR T. I'M NOT GOING TO SAY ANYMORE ABT KELLY. YOU JUST MADE IT CLEAR. HE'S A GOOD MAN. OK.
Encourage violence towards those that don't agree with them?
... to make shit.
Let's just hope he. Leans up the mess you e made
You are right. He is cleaning out the Trash. Next pickup will be for Steven Miller, your side piece, Kelly Anne, Jared K and Ivanka.
Wow! An idiots impressed! Kelly, must not be doing that much! #lowbar! 
He's amazing; without him your admin was chaos & laughaful, like a show; listen to Kelly & you'll be successful
@Missy_America Amer's see that you & current staff are doing a great job in WASH. It will take another 7 years to drain the SWAMP.
That is the kiss of death from you. Great job Comey, Reince, Flynn. Now they are gone.
I can't help but notice you have about 60K loyal fans, probably from your reality show. Not bad from a country of 320M.
Continues to what? I think it continues to deteriorate. Kelly won't last.
Do something for what is happening in Burma
@f396  DO NOT trust Kelly, McMaster, Kushner, Powell. NO to DACA. NO NO. These r not dreamers, but gangsters. 20+ year olds

Respected Trump ji you are great lucky to find such a chief of staff
Corporal Management may have been needed from day 0.
US Hitler is mobilizing all right wingers & 2nd amendmenters to mobilize to resurrect when he's finally exposed by Mueller!!!!
...POS POTUS you've come to expect
Kelley continues to manage you like a grade school brat, no phones, no tv news,, no twitter, no friends visiting. So sad you need babysitter
This is what you say right before you fire someone.
Did John get my DM's? I told him show my music to you. . has he yet? If not, he's not doing a very good job, Big D:
To? Are we to finish the sentence. "Fall apart as being led by an imbecile"
A GREAT JOB!
Kiss of death
Sessions had better have new and compelling evidence against the laugher! Trying her twice makes him look weak and petty
@BillSpadea 
I've seen someone with as many character flaws admit that they need a keeper. Shows some self understanding.
It's great to have a President who works as he focuses on the agenda we voted for him to complete. The other negative comments are worthless
Usually when you tweet like this it means the opposite. R u sad he keeps getting ur unqualified hacks fired?
Its an embarrassment that you need the 24/7 supervision of a Manny to keep you from being a country ruiner.
Trust and have faith in you President Trump! 
If he was doing a GREAT job we wouldn't hear anymore of your childish whining on twitter, though.
Oh NO!  Do we now have to brace ourselves to hear that you've fired him??!!
Too bad your not doing a good job!
Yes, w/out Kelly, Mattis & McMaster, I would be 10 times more concerned about our country than I currently am (still very concerned though)
That's what you said about Flynn, Spicer, Priebus, Bannon, Gorka and all the others. Not getting shit done that most people want. Stay home
Great job Brownie!
Wondering, did Daddy Vladdie w/hold your stipend, resulting in your change of  4donating $1MIL? Or is it simply your defective character?
Still racists
Yes he has cleaning out the trash that you dumped in there. He should have thrown you out with the rest of them. #BreakingNews
Did Kelly steal your phone??!
I will be more impressed when he removes you from office...
Trump loves Kelly until Kelly stops kissing is ass. Then he'll hang him out to dry like the rest of his staff. FAKE PRESIDENT. 
yeah, but he refused to come on stage in AZ
@realDonaldTrump you need to block all of the trolls...
Speak to Gen.Kelly with an inappropriate tone again & you'll need to pick your teeth up from the Oval Office rug. Check yourself #traitor
Getting ready to fire him?
God how I love watching all these #triggered children whine  Especially the ones still crying out "#Russia!" when there's NOTHING THERE!
Guessing Kelly's on the way out then.......
Yes #PresidentKelly is doing a wonderful job keeping your pathetic ass under control! Hoping for America that he keeps it up!
This administration continues to suck big time!
Uh-oh. That's the kiss of death. When will be fired/be asked to resign?
You'll fire him by years end. #Heeling
Good boy! Can the Mob remove the guns pointed at yr head now?
If you are happy about his actions, so he is mean like you.
blink twice if you need help escaping the deep state
@Richzeoli Damn right POTUS. He is your George Marshall. You give him the destination and he will get you there.
Please take care of DACA like you promised you would during you campaign President Trump
Too bad he's locking/blocking out the conservatives like Bolton&Gorka.
Miss a real leader and President
At least someone is doing a good job.
Continues to .... be the laughing stock of the world?
Can't believe anything U say unless the recipient is an asskiss U will throw em under the bus U R disloyal Worst kind of friend #AllAboutU
Seems like people need to educate on here
Admit it, you're getting ready to fire him because you don't like to be controlled or told what to do.
It take time to fix 16 years of stupid, Obama, Bush
I remember you saying that about John Comey
just take in what he advises POTUS...he knows how to navigate the swamp. Thanks for cleaning it up as you go.

bro ur delusional
You fufu
Heed this advice, Donald: do not surround yourself with military people as your advisors, or you will be forever fighting their wars.
Continues to... spout nonsense. Garble!
He's an awesome baby sitter. If he puts you to sleep early he can order pizza and have friends over it might be worth it...nah probably not.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Kelly needs to get out before his approval ratings drop lower than yours.  NO ONE can manage a psycho-narcissist like you, DJT.
So, he's on the chopping block then 
Maybe he knows what he's doing.  You certainly have no idea!
