I was married 2 a marine They tryed 2 kill him Dad wont apologize Hilary yell r necks in a nuse Leave the marine alone They caused r divorce
Americans are Praying #ussmccain
And I pray our young mariness quit stalking their female counter parts. Women are help meets. Treat as such.
I was told i had to take this money. And stay away from ur sister. I was stalked even in AL. So what the fk!. I was stalked at my college 2
And Sandy my younger twin and her Husband David both swore to uphold the US constitution. What a joke
It does not matter- u wear white shoes drink beer smoke cigareetes have long hair wear jeans dont go 2 meeting. Etc
If she ran to Poland she gulity. She was in Moscow. Teasing one of my sons a d my unstepmom. Thought it was funny
Dad has to have drank again and David pulls out the smoke and etc party time.
And forgiveness is a myth.
U did not mention them even ONCE during your pity-party "rally!" You could not care LESS! You only care about your huge, petty ego!! FUCK U!
Trump is perpetual whiner. He's perfect match for deplorable followers who believe everyone's out to get them, except those who really are
Yes he is, but I don't remember signing on for this Drama or buying a ticket either.
I dont have access 2 a computer if stealing would have happened Im sure immediately i would've known People dont play this way reality check
Hilary has been using - riding my skirttail since 75. A terrible thing she callsRussian conspiracy Try Hilary conspiracy break all amendment
Why was this ignored for so long that the next generation was affected? When Brady told me she had had 2 abortions yes I was raging.
They were concerned about Teresa Casey Nixon s activities.  So there
And one woman called another woman lazy for a c-section that was medically needed. Some doctors still try to save lifes.
Third time i have been raped by Paul F the pimp.
My family gets high so much they wont even consider letting me be with my children.
On board life is always tough but times like this make it even harder. Prayers with the men and women on this ship.

Mr. President this makes the 13th or 14th time I've had to retweet this post and relike this post who or what keeps doing this to me and why is it being done to me I support you mr. President and the First Lady this is happening on both of your accounts on my Twitter,, why?
I see why Princess Di died. I see it very clearly now. I am not will not  can not run. Camilla wants to kill me too. I am a usa citzen.
Thank God we have a mans man in the WH. And thankyou  first lady for the xmas card. May your new year be pleasant.
These judgement retired women who dont even know the person. There was no reason for it.
People are born to live To marry have children People are not born 2 b raped laughed at stalked stolen from I had so many demands made on me
Whos ever house this is tbere are to many control issues and demands.complete lawlessness. May it be Gods house now.
My family are all homos. That is why they ignore me and hate my behavior. I was handcuffed 33x as they tryed to make me a homo.
We have the most wonderful constitution. It takes freewill in to consideration
Ursula Anita Maria Jacobs Blackburn judge and jury taught lil dave that stealing was acceptable. So Toni and Wanda whos breaking amendments
Another expense.  Plus the gas manpower etc to harrass me. Alot of taxes spent. I ld say. To break up a home. Lost the house also.
When i would think to travel o no stalked. If u dont like my behavior quit stalking and raping me.
Acceptance Aunt incest Carol is the key Ulla to all r situations toady
With 22 countries allowing same sex marriages it no wonder there is an international porn site that moves around stealing children.
And that older married man was the father of a girl i tryed to be friends with.  But emotionally after the rape i was not really to speak
Sandy got around alot more then I did. And thats a fact. I dont even have a passport.
Sally would not quit bitching. No she would not. My God. 3 hours until work and she yelling at me in my bed.
My dad put nailpolish on some of the records to prove a point. Used my nail polish. Lol
Carol Shaw is a civilian. She means nothing to me. Her tongue is unruly. And retited she is busybody. Coast guard stalked me Marines Frank.
The blaming is so old its getting to the point ,who the sick one really is.
So University of Phoenix take homosexuality out of your vocabulary.  Please. Its ugly Normal people turn their heads at it. Ya desensitized
Tonja Akers Isbell stole a computer from me at Valve Place Madison and some diamonds and forged 3 checks. Reason 4 war. Calling herself pimp
You have automated voices calling me. Whats wrong w/ live voices - meaning what ya say. Calling names -false opinions are not 4 our air ways
Great Leadership is necessary in all aspects of life, even more so in the U.S. Navy. Hopes & prayers to all sailors and service personnel.
Don't forget Pervy Creeper
Old pervy Donnie just can't stop groping his daughters.. While keeping his wife at arms distance.. Creeper pedo
This traitor doesn't have the right
God Bless the Sailors who lost their lives defending our country at Sea! Our thoughts&Prayers are with the families!
Your family's "thoughts and prayers" mean LESS THAN NOTHING. None of you cares for anything but $, status, self-aggrandizement. 4get #2.
Oh yeah! That loser who had a ship named after him. That American hero John McCain. Not a draft dodger or liar.
You know how manys john in the world there. My God
Chief Sandra Lynn Edwards w/ a low esteem wanted 2 b Amanda - mom She never had 1 attempt @ child bearin A complete mess Pray 4 my children
Sandra u can not just block your older twin out and assume she is gay. I am a hetersexual being called names.
Proved Im dealing w/ homo black market people Handcuffed 33x 4 alcohol while they did drugs -drank. Monies is their god No sense of family.
I believe my son does not have access to a phone. Same thing they did to me. And scrambled maybe 5 computers stealing one. Miss my children
Maybe its David Edwards. I cant believe you let enlist get away with this shit.
David Edwards is an enlisted chief and his house is payed for. Now what? Idiots
Stay strong Chief. Without you staying the course we will lose the country as we know it. We NewYawkas are behind you!!
again, we do not need prayers from a person who indirectly prays to allah!
#freethe3 #Ali_AlNimr @Pontifex @KingSalman @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may @NasrahAlahmed @amnesty @ABC @nytimes @CNN
#freethe3 #Ali_AlNimr @Pontifex @KingSalman @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may @NasrahAlahmed @amnesty @ABC @nytimes @CNN
Twice!  They were sabotaged...this was murder.
Pray for the sailors lost in the destroyer collision! Father send the Holy Spirit to comfort their families & give them strength!
Support our Navy support our military they are our family out there, God keep them safe and bring them home.
McCain's navy
And i dont think rape @ any time is acceptable A married woman might experience some roughness but if he really loves her he will walk away
Grab ahold of ur minds and stop the abuse first. Then question. I like the earth. The green grass. Grab ahold of ur minds.
@IvankaTrump  Nice how @POTUS criticized US war Hero John McCain last night & then praised Racist Convicted Felon Joe Apario.  Disgusting!
Vessel # 56, birthday # 65 coming up-will not be getting pregnant
That was last year, it is 2018.
The worst Commander in Chief in USA History. This is the second crash and loss of life under Trumps office. Only tweets They deserve more.
Obama should not be in this country any more then Ulla. So get over it. Sandra is not the queen this is the usa.
And as a 60 year old its not any of ypur business if Im taking meds or not, drinkon a beer or not. If im fuckin or not. Its not ut business
Bush called Trump a blowhard I called him hothead. He or you are solid thou and i like that. Have a productive trip to Asia.
And Who had the ring. Look to Columbus Ohio.  I never married Charles or Lennon. Excuse me. Never looked in the eye either
Senator John McCain when he crashed he crushes Honduras soldier ship they all died McCain you are not hero
How fast dose it go
dear trump , i think better united states of America not forget the past & have a route from usa 2 Germany & free trade %%& markets&act?um*+
Why NOT WORK JUST for internal development
But
Create uncertainty
JUST make this world no SAFE FUTURE?
Economy growth need 
PEACE to support
I though the quote was "that's too bad". Which is what we'll say about the impeachment and indictment.
Anything attached with the Name McCain is a world class nightmare
Come on, you don't pray. And you barely think.
Amen...
@FLOTUS @USNavy @USPacificFleet best president so far keep up the good work
the best american president
The "crashes" are looking mighty suspicious...
#TrumpResign
Is sabotage of our ships happening in thr Pacific???
THIS is happening ONLY on YOUR watch! Figure it out WHY it's happened.  Do us ALL a favor, for the GOOD of the nation and #Resign
Thoughts and prayers for POTUS who has yet to have annual physical at Walter Reed or Bethesda. Hope POTUS health is not in decline.
need to increase the night time bridge watch stander personnel count to prevent these accidents. I stood them... too few people watching.

USS trump will probably sink on launch just like his presidency!
Our reporters in the print and broadcast media risk their lives and work hard to bring us the news. They deserve our utmost respect!
I sware this was done on purpose.  Thanks Obama.
These are those very sailors! Please help the families get answers.
These sailors are still missing
 We need information. #PrayForThe10 
Have you notice how Jared Kushner acts and smiles, he looks like GAY or TRANSGENDER ! 
Collision my ass, looked like a purposeful t bone to me. 2 in 5 months? The Navy needs to get their head out of their ass investigate this..

BREAKING @POTUS Takes out protester with one Wack https://twitter.com/MemeAlertNews/status/900425796912861184/video/1 …
https://twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou/status/900116273954205702 …
#freethe3 #Ali_AlNimr @Pontifex @KingSalman @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may @NasrahAlahmed @amnesty @ABC @nytimes @CNN
URGENT: Abdullah is one of 14 that could be executed at any minute in #SaudiArabia. Sign and share our petition: http://amn.st/60158s4QP  
It's very evident that our ships are being targeted and taken out of commission for a reason. No accident.
OMG block the libtards even with something like this they take the opportunity to bash you
His thought and prayers, does he even know how to pray.
Rip

Violent leftists rioting outside of Trump's #PhoenixRally are only proving Trump right. 

They are securing an election win for him in 2020.
Seriously? It took him this long to acknowledge this? I know your mother has signed the usual nondisclosure agreement what's your excuse?
Didn't mention casualties, missing. Did mention white supremacists, Nazi sympathizer. Take raving lunatic, lock him up. Grifter family thivs
Change the name of this carrier right away. John McCain is a traitor to this country.
Two hits in two weeks? Are they drinking and sailing DJT Poor Sailors!
 wants them to have a good home in heaven
Cyber hacking
They don't need thoughts or prayers. They need to fix what's wrong so it won't happen again (for a 5th time)!
Sending prayers!
We'll all pray for you and your family
Prayers to sailors.....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Watch the ship tracker (Google)and you will know the Fitzgerald was an attack,  Not accident! 1:30am merchant turned twice to hit us.

.@CNN reporter gets owned by a Trump supporter. 
Actually the merchant ship collided with our ship.
No DACA!
Okie Fwee TWUMP Advisor
For Weal
  IF people criticize
GOD lifts USOFALL 
With GRACE
To love others who r 
Angry afraid 

God bless USOFALL
What has happened to our officer and chief petty officers leadership. I am ashamed of our CPOs no longer the backbone of our great navy.
Was it hit with an #EMP???   Doesn't make sense someone just ran into it Hard to believe it was an accident..
Hacked By Russia ! Your Buddies. Traitor.
Rest In Peace Jerry Lewis who raised Billions to help others. Donald Trump must be ashamed as he won't reveal his taxes to show his charity.
Obama's Remarkable Environmental Achievements http://legal-planet.org/2016/11/02/obamas-remarkable-environmental-achievements/ … via @dfarber
Main issue with Fleet Commanders using computer training simulators is that depth perception CANNOT be taught on monitors.
They supposed to have a sophisticated radar system and they did not see a tanker coming?
China used a 10 year old merchant ship to take out new destroyer while Trump twiddles.
Stopped all your ships - can you please ground all your warplanes as well?  That will save a lot of lives.
BREAKING: US-led coalition's airstrikes kill almost 80 civilians in #Raqqa – reports https://sptnkne.ws/fnDA  #SyriaCrisis 
How's your bone spur?
#TrumpResign
How the #Fook does 2 Navy Warships get hit by other Boats within months from each other. #Embarrassing #SomethingStinks RIP to the soldiers
A ship named after heroes!!!! No trump ship ever !!!!!
Are you taking credit for overworked navy like you take credit for increase jobs since your inauguration? Or blame Obama for Navy's demise?
Why does this keep happening? Accidents? or Attacks?
Like it's namesake, it has a serious steering problem.
See,Donald. If you had not avoided the Military you could have been a hero. And saved crews.   r
this is warship go in to China of south sea,no Justice no peace,it like Sun lost sunshine,sad world
"Biz eşeğiz @IvankaTrump! Ayetle sabit; eşek mide ve cinsellik odaklıdır. İHTİYACINI fısılda /@mrubin1971"
https://twitter.com/M_Mesut_M/status/891659492437446656 …
/صحافي M
Supporters of Nazism. Exactly what was expected from the trumps but the USNavy?
Prayers?? You can't wait to start more wars.What's with that? How about a new approach. PEACE ON EARTH! WE CARE ABOUT OUR KIDS. Bunker ur in
I move to rename this ship.
O.K. Gotta ask. How does a Destroyer collide with an 800 ft. freighter in the middle of the ocean?  Ex-Navy here.
Even the ship carrying his name want's to stab US in the back.
How is this possible? Our Navy is much better than this. Wtf is going on here?
Training? Intentional? Time to get rid of some commanders?
New numbers on Trump's conduct as president, according to NBC News/Marist poll. #morningjoe
How does this happen again under your watch?
https://www.gofundme.com/4zy5iq0  #AMERICA #CreatingChange #jobsearch #jobseekers #Hiring #Stressfree #Easy #EasyBreezy #beapartofthesolution #GETTOWORK!
Just like John McCain
How could a family turn so ugly?
Sandra cared not at about Amanda and casey no relation what so ever she cows too.
And Teresa Casey Nixon is not legalky married to God. No relation i know of. And praying for my son to be completely complete.
Has to be Dad the devil and Teresa Casey Nixon. And some republicans are not this bad. Just want ya to know.
My mom said i popped u out in 4 hours. Ok
So we narrowed it down to one continent.  Thank u. And u let carol run.
Now what is the problem.
And i did not the abortion inCanada. In fact i gave the chilfren back to England. Hallelujah
Well of i am from another country then why teat me so bad. Explain your inability to have or show natural affection.
Paul F went publish with bs. My mom would have said something. Lieing. All ofthem.
Sandra is making a public display of me again? I ask them to get off thr phones. The computer. Just getting worse. Praying for my son.
No female twins any more. We tryed to tell you. But u killed the doc in california somewhere. Officer
And any civilian women picking up their husbands or brothers dont go on base. Segt of arms is pissed.
Every startes out good. Its the tone and contention of a voice that causes words to go negative
Now some women want to stay home with their children. Let them. Cant u alow certain modes to work together
Walt Disnesy said no children under 12 should watch cartoons. My children and i rarely watch tv. Maybe play kick the can. Good God
Airforce needs to understand that age of accountable is worth looking at. A bunch of men under 30. Sorry but its time to grow up.
Now are marines are good men. We owe them an apologize.  Anf freewill is esstenial in every culture
We believe in freewill.
Paul f suppose 2 b my brother not my husband not my control issues or my dictator In  us we have a constitution Freedom is worth fighting 4
You dont steal children like that. If ya want one have them
I can not get away. They stalk me. Look what in wildwood or huntsville. What a mesz
Every one saw Matt marry Charisty. So why did Asher get taken and Frank shpuld have thump Paul F.
Why was not this family put under wstch. The whole family. I am under watch.
I had girlfriends just did not sleep with them.
Alcohol is not illegal in the USA. And i didnt drink anyeay.
Carol took off for Warsaw or Russia with my grandson
And we are not its. Refer to me as she or her or Amanda. I have no passport. And have to repeat a hundred x. To the point of yelling. Idiots
Sally probably was shot. Mac Masters has knowledge now of this abuse. Trump should be ok. I did not drink. Dont start w control issues again
I did not call my neighbor. She is sleeping its midnight. Get some rest. Karen is now. Upset or something
Now frank hit paul. And im disillusioned. He is saying both of us are. Disillusion.  Come on. I dont go around taking peoples phones.
Back again to natural affection and freewill and family feud
Paul F just hit Frank- he does not like this book- the tearing of body soul and spirit is wrong like tearing children away from their mom.
Did ulla do what i think she just did? Family forgives moves on Family Feud!
That is how crazed this family is. Jack only made it to 29. I am at 61 female 2 children. Did more freedom then then. Watergate?
Now watch instead of them discerning me imagineing i m hilary they will say i want 2 b pres I dont want the responsible . Crazed family.
Sandra might be headed for NY w dad david lil dave my daughter 2 grandchildren maybe matt& CarolDont know i am here in fl still. We lll see
I was married to a marine and had 2 children. And stren as he was i do it again
Fuck Paul F or Sandra Freedom is a right And 2 help stage 9/11 - beable 2 sleep at night And u thought i was crazed? Hello constitution time
The funniest part is that people were participants. Common sense says excuse is there any common srnse around? Like grow up dear!
Sandra Ulla Carol Casey Sally laughing drinking at what they forced unclean on children. To many jezabels. I d say.
Enlisted David Edwards is the King of lets overthrew the USA - hold hostage a marines children -delete over 1000 years worth of information.
I am dealin with cannibals.  And dont call me an animal. I am human. And if u dont like callin human dont call me
Sally carol hilary sandra ulla casey who send your bomb and get this shit over with?
