But not to the kids shot at school by another radicalized domestic killer? And the Nazi who drove into a crowd in Washington? #impeach
You don't have allies anymore, Donald! You insulted & alienated them. They're merely accepting your shitty condolences out of politeness!
Why didn't you do this for Heather Heyer?
Terrorism isn't a Muslim thing or a foreign thing, it's an evil thing.
Ask the Frog what Scorpions do! Oh too late the Frog is Dead.
If at first you don't succeed...just resign already
Thank you for your compassion President Trump. London needs all of our prayers right now. 
Hi Cheryl, I think I speak for all of London when I say we don’t need your prayers, or the prayers of your racist orange dictator. Thanks.
Please Young CEO Magazine, find me a real Londoner who is genuinely scared and shaken by today’s events. I’d be fascinated to see if you can
Ok Molly.
I’ll say it again, cite your sources please.
Stick it up your arse, you fat fuck.
Bless them!
What about the domestic terrorist here in the United States who attack minorities?
How about condemning the terrorist who attack people in the United States based on sexuality race and religion?
What about you ed?
What happened in Germany happened because of the decline of the christian faith. Because Darwinian evolution+ natl. socialism took over.
No. Not at all close. But authoritarian regimes like ppl like you who are gullible to believe this. I looked at your TL. OMG! 
Booo! 
Evans is channeling a typical trope in current antievo apologetics (both ID & YEC) trying to lay blame too narrowly on "Darwinism"
I didn't lay blame, I stated a fact.
what sources did you rely on to think that was a "fact" Eliyahu? did it include relevant analyses like https://evolution-institute.org/article/was-hitler-a-darwinian/ … by Richards?
Has it ever occurred to you that maybe these people have a reason to try and distance themselves from Hitler?
"these people" as in the scholars who pay attention to all the evidence, not cherry pick like Weikart & antievolutionists have?
I don't have a dog in this fight...I have no reason to cherry pick or whine. I could care less.  Im just going by what eye witnesses told me
You made it worse by your immature tweet earlier!  RESIGN
Just like Donald Trump is an evil thing
No Democrats or the evil ones their the ones doing all the killings
Jews always paint themselves as victims while they victimize everyone else falsely accusing ppl all over TV and in the papers
The Jews have banned the christian religion in this country an filled this country with immorality and filth via hollywood
Deus abençoe-os e livre-os de todos os perigos!
Trump dosen't give "this" about London or the UK..... #virtualsignalling
Not tweeting you know nothing about
You just said Europe did it to themselves, make up your mind! Oh wait, your mind is scrambled!
It always seems impossible until it’s done
The schools in USA were created 2 teach bible, but Marxist Jews have  used courts to ban us fr teaching our own religion to our own kids
Himknze
The few religious jews have no power to stop the Marxist ones.
Remember???????
The morals in USA are so bad bc we are not allowed to pass own our religion or our history in our own schools.
Islamist Terrorists. Stop letting the savages in
Get rid of the ones you already have.
Would you pray for your neighbor México

ppl never want to hear ab the real threat to USA. They fear Jews bc they r so damn ruthless, well I dont fear them Im sick of being bullied
AMERICA first remember... of course you don't.
The Marxist Jews run ACLU, SPLC, ADL, and every other anti christian organization in USA
Good to sympatize with Britain,but u don't care about the Igbos of eastern Nigeria been killed in milion by  Nigeria army .
I never heard of this. I am sorry.
"What about me" by Donald Trump! No President in history posts things like you do!  So unpresidential and incompetent!
Don't undertand how some countries w/ administration's problems & internal ideology, Find to his Citizen learn: Not respet more ideologies.
Keep pushing to keep the Terrorist out of America!! #maga
Your heart should go out to ALL Americans as well and keep you campaign promises to put Americans first: Wall and Deportation, etc.

This was obviously not posted by @realDonaldTrump.
Praying for all those people in Londao who suffered from the terror attack. To the terrorist go after the people in your own country .
Oh as you rudely attacked their goverment. Your making more enemies Donald. People around the globe are laughing at you.
Written by General Kelly
Good job. You should get whoever wrote this to write all of your tweets.
There r actually plenty of us.I don't like paying taxes any more than my conservative neighbors, however, I'm willing to do so to help out..
I've got to pack things this WE cuz I'm traveling Dir my job this week, & then hoping to go to Naples Fl later in the week to help clean...
Those people need Christ Jesus, not whatever idol you worship. Don't pray to Belial for them.
Within 24 hrs you tweet about London. Nothing about Mexico's worst quake in 100yrs. Almost week later LAME excuse re cell phone reception
Me 2 but let people who are swarn to  kill u what else can u expect.
You're such a fool.
Any word to the families in Washington where the white kidAny word to the families in Washington where the white kid shot up the school?
Might have been better if you led with this yesterday instead of your "loser terrorist" rant! It's like you are two different people??
He is two people on Twitter: one of them is Gen. Kelly. THIS one. (=The decent one).
In the first century the Christians were Jews and the Jews were practicing the religion of Moses and the levites and the temple sacrifices.
If England had tougher immigration laws, this wouldn't be happening. Someone is doing the exploding!.....
The attack on London pales in comparison to your vicious attack on America when you made amnesty deal with Pelosi/Schumer #AmnestyDon #MAGA
if we ignore this, this will end badly for both sides.  Mark my words.  Study the Russian Revolution this is no joke.

@Scavino45 Most of us see Satan a foe.But once anyone threads his path to rebuke him,s/he ends up his ally. Keep him off u!
We need a Leader.  You don' have a strategic or tactile bone in your body.  #Outsider #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump
I wonder who wrote this for you

Such horrible act of terrorism, who would go over to such dangerous nations @realDonaldTrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp
If this is coming from you as the President of the US, why don't you use the official Twitter account, @POTUS ?
Protestant Christians defeated Hitler but you cant tell Jews anything they will not listen to reason.
.@POTUS They were attack by an Islamist terrorist. Whether you say it or not. The enemy is EXTREME ISLAMIST TERRORISM. #PEA @AZRattler1
Amen
Teresa May was out of order saying what she did , you were 100% right and we all knew it
You are a white supremacist.
London wants nothing to do with you. You've pissed them off with your idiotic and irresponsible comments about attacks. #UnfitForOffice #sad
Ms. May would appreciate it if you would stop tweeting about incidents in England before they have a chance to complete their investigation.
Where is your sympathy for rohinga. Because they are not humenbeing.
When are you shutting that radical white American terrorist recruitment website brietbarf down? Putin's Urinal Peeresident. Taxes taxes
You're almost less here welcome than any terrorist .
Still not a word about Quebec. 
It is closer than London. 
People died. 
I wonder why you are silent?
Who posted this? Someone must have snatched his phone while he was watching cartoons.
Relatives of Undocumented Children Caught Up in ICE Dragnet. So, Americans???
Eradicating an idea is difficult. Maybe one day if you have one you'll understand?
You might want to consider looking into it. Seems like there's a lot of things for you to worry and stress about, and mindfulness might help
Don't think they care about your hearts & prayers.......
When is this going to stop? That's why we need the wall, is everyone blind at what is going on? God bless us all.

Come enjoy our new free app at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appswiz.outdoorman …

Hört auf euch Geopolitisch andere Länder einzumischen und Europa dazu zu benutzen, dann wirds friedlicher. Raus aus Rammstein!!!
Do-gooders fostered terrorist suspect http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4889860/May-raises-level-critical-ISIS-claim-Tube-attack.html … #MAGA #BuildTheWall #DrainTheSwamp
Someone else must have written this message.  This is much too eloquent to be produced by your own hand.
Our hearts and prayers go out to the people of America, who suffered a vicious attack when you became president, ( thanks to Russia).
Steps must b taken 2 protect Xtians fr slander, legal attacks, physical attacks, fr taxation, their free speech rights, fr discrimination
They're pissed at you and your careless tweeting! You're making new enemies for America daily. Gee, thanks... but we liked our allies! Stop!
Why did it take you THREE DAYS to even comment on Charlottesville and still did not condemn hate groups. Here. In our country. Do your job

We have the same problem, agenda driven politicians blinded by their ambitions, and a media that has completely lost its track
Thank God someone else is tweeting for Trump.
The Syrian people are experiencing horrible terror attacks for years why do your Generals bomb their army?
you heart isn't anywhere but whoever wrote this has good skills unlike you  fatty  buy a suit
#IslamIsTheProblem
Er...“Ye shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their gods". Deuteronomy 12:2. Nice eh?
The law enforcement doesn't care about my children they're being molested sexually and mistreated.
FAkE #45 NEW AGE Hitler!
You have yet to denounce white supremacists you are feeding hate
Your our only hope Donald.
Well, tell FLOTUS to raise money for hurricane victims by going NUDE for charity! LOL!
#ReleaseYourTaxes
Now you make this statement after you get ridicule by the world for your ealier tweets.  Sympathy is falling on deaf ears. #embarrassment
London is unanimous in wishing you would piss off.  We're surviving fine without you and the race hate you aimed at London's mayor.
so you immediately respond to that but in the U.S. refuse to respond to the White Supremacist attacks.
But are you SURE that there isnt blame on both sides like in Charlottesville?

Do you know how to speak in concise, proper, English? Do you know how to Tweet like an adult?
British police are un-armed and are no match for Muslim terrorists who use explosives, knives, vans & trucks.  It is the IDEOLOGY of Islam!
Don't blame Muslims for this attack, I get banning the Burka etc but when the IRA were active did we ban the Irish?
Did you get all the facts? Taken you 5 min to condemn this and a week to hardly condemn Charlottesville
You should have said this 1st and not gone on a rant. Too late now.
Prayers DO NOT WORK. When will people understand that?

ACTION IS THE ONLY ANSWER.
I was just in the beautiful city of London  riding the Tubes two wks ago. The city has been taken over. Englishmen need to take it back!
Lol. So obvious this wasn't written by trump! He wouldn't have a clue.
Funny he had a clue that the suspect had been recently arrested and was known by Scotland Yard. 
Mine doesn't. They brought this on themselves and pretend they don't know why it continues to happen. They're victims of their own stupidity
Are not directors of British and American internet company's terrorist for supporting terrorism and making money http://f70af470.dynu.net/ 
You don't give a shit about terrorism. You just are a racist and take every opportunity to spread islamaphobia while...
ignoring your supporters that are Nazi terrorist carrying out attacks right here in America.
.@POTUS response to England's terrorist attack where's .@CNN equating that to #Trump being racist or white supremacist #followme #girl #tbt
If xtians are not protected from the Jews it will be very bad for Xtians + Jews
Okay who wrote this for you?
Every time you tweet something like this it reminds me of putting lipstick on a pig.
I hope he reads this
Better, too bad your first instinct was to criticize them.
That's not the organ you normally use to deal with unfortunate people.
We didn't suffer anything. It wasn't vicious, it was a pathetic amateur little bang. Stop stirring
Donald Trump forget London for a while and look even for a second towards southeastern Nigeria where soldiers massacre unarmed civilians..
We all need to visit Japan. No trash, no trash cans since they went through a similar situation!
You have no heart, and every god shudders when you claim to pray...
The Union Jack is UPSIDE DOWN. Please fix it. It's an insult to the British people. 
So fast. Not waiting for the facts when it's not blatant white supremacists? SAD!
London has already scoffed at you for your initial "unhelpful" response, Orange Blob. They don't need your support.
I heard you bombed Syrian Army because of some pics of victims. Are Christian Children better off with ISIS than being saved by Syrian army?
Looks like Brexit needs to be in place there.
What does that mean?
You used those poor scared people more than the terrorist.
What about domestic terrorism?  A terrorist killed Heather Heyer.  You haven't said the right thing about that.
@MayorofLondon @thetimes @DailyMirror @TheSun #flytheflag @BorisJohnson Flag is upside down @UKinUSA
ياعم واللهي دا شغل مخابرات وانت تعلم ان السيسي هو قائد ميلشيات ارهابية في العالم كله وانت بتساعه وانتم تنشرون الارهاب لتخويف الشعوب لتستمرو
You didn't write this.
now marshall law is called
Marshall law in London; terrible way to combat the government sponsored terrorists
Where are your "hearts & prayers" for the children in Spokane?
Shame you don't have the  Union flag in it's correct orientation.
And so you somehow knew??
Now this would've been an appropriate tweet yesterday instead of telling England how incompetent Scotland Yard was.
I thought you like tonwait for the facts? Oh right only when it is a white terrorist attack. BTW you are a racist
WE EXPECT A WALL. YOU ARE PRESIDENT BECAUSE OF THIS PROMISE.
BS coming from you.
You can keep your prayers & shove your tweets. Don't use us for your agendas!
Too Late the world saw the first two tweets!   Thanks for being an open White Supremacists   #NaziBucketChallenge
This should have been your first tweet
A 'Muslim Terrorist' attack!
so what was worse trump in london or the terrorist attacks?
Trump Strong.

@Iron_Nail @AnnCoulter You know why it happened... they didn't BUILD A WALL! #BuildTheWall #EndDACA
Too late pri*k. You berated them first.
deepest sympathy  DID SOMEONE DIE ?  { NO } 
#SIGH WHAT A PLONKER
Unlike the beautiful terrorist attack in Charlottesville. #WhenThePOTUSHasShitForBrains #ShitForBrains #TotallyFuckingBatshitCrazyMoron
Prayers but a country must be responsible for themselves.  Open borders and a ''just another day attitude'' should be a lesson to USA.

All the UK wants from you is that you 'unfuck' what you have 'fucked up' with North Korea. IT'S SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY
Don't think trump wrote that. Doesn't follow his speech pattern.
SHUT UP WITH YOUR USUAL PLATITUDES THAT DONT MEAN A THING? YOU REALLY DONT GIVE A CARE WHAT HAPPENS INENGLAND. U WORRY ONLY ABOUT DUMMY YOU!
DO NOT LOSE MORE TIME GIVE THE ORDER MUEVES YOUR TROOPS IN ARUBA AND INVADE VENEZUELA NOW, IT'S A GOOD ADVICE.
After you disparage them?  Day late, dollar short.
We have to admit they are a problem and take steps to protect ourselves from them. They pose a real+present danger to this nation
Yes yesterday your tweets again posted off another friendly leader. Always trying to push your stupid racist migration idea

i really miss him 
