#BeBest
OMG LOOK WHO'S TALKING THE WIRST PRESIDENT ELECTED INTO OFFICE. A PEDOPHILE
Your pisspoor support of 3.5 #Maria victims will cause a #PuertoRicanWave election. Hundreds of thousands have already decided to move off the island & to ALL 50 States. #MAGA is about to see that they are actually full citizens of the USA  NOT refugees to bully #Resistance
God, I totally hope you are 100%correct, sir  @justtish7
WELCOME BORIQUA! I’m so delighted that hundreds of thousands of Puerto Rican Americans will be moving to all 50 States to vote Trump out of office! They already have full rights as American citizens & can finally vote once moved. NOT Immigrants #maga folks  #resistance #maria
@Cheif_Keif_23
Trump your leadership is in the sewer. You never wanted for anything! U.S. has no compassion..disgusting
#OldManTrump is a moron, jealous of anyone smarter than him
#PuertoRico is part of the United States. Which means YOU are allegedly their leader. You correctly identify that you as their leader are a complete failure, as you are in every other aspect of this sham illegitimate presidency.
#ResignNow you traitor.
It is not their leadership. It's ours......they need our help.
While you golf on taxpayers money you continue to fail as president. Still no electricity in #PuertoRico you are truly #WorstPresidentEver
You don't know bad Presidents just look at the history...
How much did you get from Whitefish Energy? #puthimtojail
@God
@SethMacFarlane 
@InfinityWard 
@DefenseIntel
@JustinTrudeau 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_John,_U.S._Virgin_Islands …

They are Communist, they do not care about helping anybody but themselves.
trump, be quiet do what  SHOULD'VE BEEN DONE LONG AGO !! HELP PUERTO RICO !!! you are demonstrating POOR LEADERSHIP, trump.
Such angry people... you must be very unhappy
You are the most vile, disgusting human being ever to hold office. That’s saying a lot!
who says they are not helping? 
I cannot believe you are President when I read these stupid, selfish tweets you write.
Wannabe Eva Perón del Mangle @CarmenYulinCruz's only concern is herself: dreaming of turning Puerto Rico into a Cuba marxist satellite.
Same thing more than70% Americans think about their "leader". #TrumpsTaxScam
How can they help w/o the basic necessities for life. They have no food & they're drinking contaminated water b/c it's all that's available.
Who voted Trump....Americans...now be proud of your president 
Sad, no self motivation.  Mamas babies.
Really,  no workers in San Juan?
So easy to drag all you people down into the mud.
All you people talking with such disrespect.Grow up,take a look at  your comments.Just as disrespectful as presidents.
YOU define poor leadership.
You know a thing or two about failed leadership. #FailedTrumpCasinos
Great job Mr President!! Keep up the good work.  People may not agree with your tactics but you are making fantastic progress.

Such poor leadership ability in the US  WH...can't get water 70 miles for their charges. Unable to fairly assist all the population in PR.
Liar
The only poor leadeship is lead by you, "the president"
Piss poor prez for sure
Wow what about u haven't  been able to control your own staff
It's the SOS.
You are showing your inability to empathize with suffering Americans you fool.
You will go down in history as the worst President ever what a waste of the American vote
You got into the white house by accident, and you have put this country on it's head you have not accomplished nothing just talk!
Lots of poor leadership in America, Donny. Starting at the top.

#news #humor @POTUS #liar #crook #taxcheat

Gen. Kelly, will you get trump his meds before he does something really stupid? Never mind.
Such poor leadership by you, Don. FAILING LOSER
Do you? Ever!
WTH is wrong with you!?! People w/out food/water can't hardly function! Ask a physician! You can't even stop golfing while world in CRISIS!
Just heard that @RexTilllerson gave away your Secret Service codename, "F*king Moron"...wonder if the No. Koreans call u "F*king Dotard"
Such poor leadership that the President kicks PR while they're  down. I'd imagine most people who graduated elementary school know this.
#fucktrump
very disturbing claim,  they have no gas or roads to drive on, mm ost truckers l I st own homes,  obviously lacking info?
Bruh, don’t you and your tiny twitter fingers have actual work to do?
All islands are the same
Cut them loose
The mayor of San Juan had the funds to fix infrastructure in San Juan, but didn’t. People are regurgitating sound bites about trump. Idiots.
Trump, you SUCK as a “president” AND human being.
Who would have thought Trump could sound even stupider
I guess it it’s true what they say, “You can’t teach an Old Dog New tricks!”
#DumpTrump
And Trump has good leadership abilities. Who is he lien to now?
“Whoever mocks the poor shows contempt for their Maker; whoever gloats over disaster will not go unpunished.”
Proverbs 17:5 NIV
You show such poor leadership when your first act is to defend footwear and than tell disaster victims to have fun.
Those in glass houses should not throw stones
It's the US Puerto Rican Islands! You can't be competent to depend on for help to your people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just Resign!!
Great sense of humor - Trump talking about leadership!
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
clueless Pres.
Pot meet kettle. Poor leadership ability and your workers won’t help.
Guess my vacation plans to visit america is off my bucket list
What Johnny says about Peter says more about Johnny than about Peter.
I think out President is doing a pretty good job. If you don't like how he handled PR ho down there your self's.
Frank@thecat

She's been working 24/24 wtf are you talking about
!
you're such a liar and sad that you have small hands
You are so full of it. She is a better leader than you are
The only example of poor leadership in relation to Puerto Rico is coming from the oval office. #PettyLoserInChief
And statements like this make your lack of leadership skills shine all above others. Thanks again for making america look foolish
Mayor of San Juan lost everything & lives with her constituents in a shelter. Instead of listening to her you attack her like a common thug!
His actions are deplorable, period. Look at his track record. There's not much to expect there. He treats women that way re: #fragileego #notourpresident #liarinchief #cowardinchief #missingobama #talktotherealpresident #hillaryclinton
It is a sad day when  you criticize a person who has been working day & night helping as many as she can while others are helping also.
she actually does her job,  ur excuse? Every dead PR is on ur head,  murderer
how about helping the mayors instead of bashing them!!!
Lets talk about poor leadership Mr. President... lol // #FDT #covfefe
Poor leadership on You part Trump
Donald am I on your list of people who don't like you? Put me on that list please.
Look who’s talking!
This is the most senseless thing ever.    Someone should smash him over the head with that trophy.
The hypocrisy is never ending.
You're the one exhibiting poor leadership, sir, not @CarmenYulinCruz. You wrongfully attacked the people of #PuertoRico following #Maria.
https://twitter.com/thereaibanksy/status/916047350765838336 …
She made Trump look weak and worthless.. well Trump did that to himself but she nailed it
You are so Petty
How dare you come here and say we have poor leadership when you're clearly being a poor leader yourself. You lack of empathy and humanity.
The only poor leadership is in the WH - thank god we have former presidents willing to step in and fill the void
Because there all lazy and violent people
Quick Psyc lesson. This is a pyramid. Start at the bottom. Read left to right. Now, what is it Puerto Ricans need first?
You are a jerk tweety bird.
Loser. Loser. Loser. Loser. Liar-Loser. Liar. Liar. Liar. @HillaryClinton @POTUS44 @Queen_Europe @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS
Shameful!
trump is off his head, but those who surround him are culpable #Trump
Another Low Blow From The President of the United States Of America, I am Praying for our Country.This is Seriously Scary!!
Shameful- you are the President of United Of America
I agree!
such poor leadership by the so called president of the USA.
If anyone should recognize and understand your statement YOU SHOULD.
The Mayor's Rudeness. We not good or fast enough. I did not; hear appreciation. Public not helpful enought to their fellow citizens.
Thank you Mr President for all you do for us American people. We are 100% behind you Sir.
.... LMFAO.... You talking about poor leadership???... Really Donnie??. Give me a fucking break!!!!
Let them eat paper towels. 
She is probably waiting to get her hands on all of the donations.!!  please show me where I sent this same tweet Twitter???
She is probably waiting to get her hands on all of the donations.!!
She is a better leader than you are, which is why you hate and fear her.  Be grateful she didn't point and laugh.  The rest of the world is
Ruk
Thats why they asked help from you and the USA
The Mayor is only thinking of her political gain! Using a disaster for this purpose is unacceptable!! She's gotta go!
Pathetic...Pathetic...what can one expect from people in despair and facing the tragedy.? Paper towels you threw, SHAMEFUL.
they dont even pay Federal taxes and sit there slamming our President and complaining about the help they are recieving.
YOU ARE STILL AN ASSHOLE DONALD TRUMP
be cool Trump. do you know how many PUERTO RICANS fought in war world 1 Korean, Vietnam & all others wars till this date?
.     FU
takes one to know one Donald
You criticize @CarmenYulinCruz ... but she works hard for all her constituents and does not lie! Can't say the same for you... SAD!
Look in the mirror to see POOR LEADERSHIP
And you helped by throwing rolls of paper towels two weeks after the fact? And then describing it as not a real disaster compared to Katrina
Shut-up Charles Johnson! She deserves and you need to know America Loves Trump! God Bless the U S A!
@kyleaustin12
YOU ARE PETTY.
ppl who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
I will never understand how you enjoy kicking people when they're down.
- Why don't you stop criticizing as always and START acting like a President?  No class!
