Some of these politicians need to be in a bad car wreck, or hit by an IED, then dr tell them, sorry, no pain meds, no modern medicine!
They forgot Chem trails....
He's already carved out $$$ 4 opioid treatment & been meeting w/governors on how to stop this. Docs already have strict laws now.
RT @foxandfriends: OPIOID CRISIS: Worse than we thought, with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported ht...
Again, democrats fault. They wanted this.
My son was one of those deaths.
Where is the study on how many die from cigarette smoking and alcohol use???
How about the lives lost and ruined by smoking and drinking alcohol??? I have permanent damage from a botched surgery I need opioids not pot
The ones that need the opium is hurting. Think of us.
FOX SUCKS
@foxandfriends congress needs to fully fund ObamaCare and they see what's going on with this Opioid
Yeah and the evil needle just jumped into the vein all by itself. Inanimate objects with wills of thier own. NOT!
can HE do anything 2 stop abuse of...??? (August 8, 2017; 6:53 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #OPIOIDS #DRUGS
INDEED AN EPIDEMIC (August 8, 2017; 6:53 EDT) #OPIOIDS #DRUGS
1 of FEW legit articles from...,; (August 8, 2017; 6:53 EDT) #FOXnewsus
That's the way Demarcates control people, getting them hooked on it, doctor's get bonuses for writing prescription drugs, Obama Care Control
Whose surprised?
#OpioidEpidemic is REAL!
Thank U, @POTUS 4understanding this issue &NOT in its cover up!
You mean worse than you thought.Americans are aware. Cutting Medicaid,which you want to,takes the only help they have
So sad my  breaks for people that struggle w/ the disease of addiction. It truly is a crisis, I can count more than 10 people I know .
Hey Donny, Now you know why Your  Consumers Were So Happy.
Dope.
We should make Opioid's free to all NEGRO'S problem solved
Opiod crisis created by & for big pharma to profit from replacement.  Happens every time patents expire. Deaths from Tylenol not opiod.
Deaths from tylenol added to extend patents,  not opium synthesized to get patent expiring.  New big $ drug awaits.
Heroin is an opioid do you all not understand that
In 2010, my mother intentionally overdosed on opioids and committed suicide because she could not live with severe chronic pain.
Hey fox try coming to the northport v.a and see all the vets needing help..with substance ..ptsd..and meds that there pumping into your vets
#alcoholawareness End the silence and avoidance and denial-Alcohol is the deadliest drug and big killer and a toxic carcinogen-ACTION
Government and the Drug Companies caused this problem!
Funny that only fox makes real news, isnt it?
Legalize medical marijuana so this can stop happening!! PLEASE!!!
Sadly my son got sucked into it bc of appendicitis drugs and almost died from opioid addiction. He's now 3 yrs clean thank God and only God
Didn't you already know New Hampshire was a drug infested nest???
Just say No, Really bad, not good. Should we slap their hand to?  Clearly you know nothing about opiod crisis and have no plan
#alcoholawareness Nonsense-It's not just opioids America,it's all drugs and Alcohol is the biggest killer and deadliest drug of all combined
Simple solution. Don't misuse them.War on opioids is making legally prescribed pain med unavailable. Don't know what pain is like w/o them.
it's about time we start making a big deal about Alcohol abuse than Opioid abuse but that's never going 2 happen cuz ppl like U drink. SMH!!
The Trump crisis is much worse. It threatens to harm more people thank opioids.
Donnie.. That said 2008 to 2014.. 3 years missing, and how many die of smoking, alcohol? Oh you don't care about that? No one is paying you?
Addiction and death by Addiction has been around a helluva lot longer than Trump in office.  It should have been addressed decades ago.
Fix this
@realDonaldTrump You know what's helps in the opioid epidemic? #HEALTHCARE
this is bullshit,here is the real epidemic.
Unfortunately those people that need these medications legitimately, are also being abandoned by the Gov. The OD rate is based on abusers.
@realDonaldTrump the news media is like a drug and a bad 1,they r the world terrorist
@realDonaldTrump everything main stream had told for the more than 30 year's of lies,they are the world terrorist
@realDonaldTrump do not watch any main stream media they r programming u gullible people with lies,they are the terrorists
War on drugs is a waste of taxpayers money. No jail. Counseling and help for people who want it.
Just for today I didn't use my drug of chose and not a drop of alcohol
 Thank you God. It wasn't me you know me.
Help is available. Call the nearest Crisis Center. God loves you
@realDonaldTrump why is it this seems like a made up concern..who stands to benefit?
Don't forget millions who need opoids are not abusers. VA cut off all vets who need these.  My brother can no longer get his pain meds.
Trump means to expel gas from your anus, usually loudly. Just about sums up @POTUS
Soooo remember Give me Shelter by the stones in 70's, nothing new. Stop giving government money to solve thes problems.  Scam #5 billion.
#opiates #painkillers Pain Killers HELP people.
The one and only thing I don't like: setting aside tons of $ for opioid addiction. It is their own fault. We shouldn't pay for it.
I'm creeped
It's a shame that Doctors are afraid to prescribe pain meds to those in pain, but States can legalize pot!! MAGA
"Maybe by talking 2 youth 'it's no good, very bad for you'"...can some1 plz inform 45 about the failed DARE program? Thx.
@realDonaldTrump  legalize marijuana.
Doctors need to be held accountable.....tighten regs on manufacturerING this poison
you do realize the president and repubs want to cut the very program to help those that want help right?
2015 Afghanistan produced about 66% of the world's opium
US has open cartel borders, brings in refugees where Poppy is cash cow product of world with endless contacts why would heroin be a problem?
Trump doesnt care if it costs $$$ he will look the other way.
Big Pharma is out of control.  I don't normally favor regulation but I'm afraid it's past due for these advantage takers...in all areas
And doctors gave it to them to make money for the pharmaceutical companies
It is killing them off. So it is an emergency. The SUN killing them off NATURALLY. EYE LOOOOOOVE THE SUN!
Duh, try living life not eating from a golden spoon and you'd see how long this has gone on AND has continued to worsen.
What are you doing about it? Oh that's right, nothing. You are too focused on your pissing contest with the North Koreans.


Monetary gain by those who have no consideration for the health and well-being of others yet masquerade as humanitarians to the world
Don't forget about the vaccines with toxic mercury in them.  @RobertKennedyJr  should be leading to repeal the 86 Vax Immunity bill.
Stupidity grows in this administration 
The death of a criminal addict is not a bad thing.  It reduces crime!
Legal Cannabis would lower those numbers, look at the science, the stats, zero deaths per year. 1000 deaths per year for simple aspirin!!
It's not worse than WE thought you fake news idiots
What about all the destroyed lives of the loved ones that stayed behind? Mr. President, we have the science and resources to change this.
as long as the post office keeps bringing opiods in from china, you will always have an issue..Need to stop china from shipping to USA
Addiction strikes people of all walks of life. It can cause devastating loss of family or friends.Many from drugs prescribed by doctors!
Look at how many incarcerated due to drug addiction!So many lives lost from addiction.Largely created by the greed of drs and drug companies
What about the lsd?
Just lost a cousin this past weekend due to that.
People who have chronic pain will have a very difficult time getting pain medication because of those looking for a high
Federally legalize maraijuana so the Billions in taxes & millions of police man-hours spent pursuing it are available to end this epidemic
Yet you still think it's only about Mexico and police crackdowns?
If the MD's would prescribe less, and for a shorter time after surgery, alot of people would not get addicted.  Should not prescribe forever
Legalization of marijuana is an answer to the problem.
i wish people would stop lumping all opiods together and people. heroin is the problem not pain meds.
Fact: Opioid/Heroin crisis so bad in Indiana that Law Enforcement is WILLINGLY giving them clean needles so they can at least prevent STIs.
IDIOCRACY
Look at the video jackass, how is enforcing more border patrol going to stop the production of opiate painkillers within the US.
Yes, let's cut the access to care these people need #MAGA
Here's what news reports are missing: there are people in serious chronic pain. Some are suicidal and denied proper medical care for pain.
Medical marijuana availability has been shown to lower these overdoses for patients who use it. Why is your administration ignoring this?!
@coff33loveit opioid deaths and addictions are okay with liberals as Obama Medicaid expansion caused it in the first place
Zero accurate reports under Hussein O. Ttl collusion w/corrupt MSM Fake News, IRS (L. Lerner), CC Banks & Pharma lobbies.
LOL that pixelated Windows Movie Maker effect at the beginning 
Time to ban drug companies from advertising drugs to America as the panacea to all their problems
Save $70B; this is a problem that will eventually solve itself, when all the fool addicts are dead!
Another obama (look the other way) ignored problem
It's not about talking to kids, though I did that too. It's about SHUTTING DOWN Fentanyl sales websites. Just google  Buy Fentanyl. Shameful
Lo haria NADA MAS PORQUE PUEDO, PORQUE EL MUNDO ME IMPORTA SU GENTE EN VERDAD ME IMPORTAN Y PORQUE AMO A DIOS CON TODO MI CORAZON.
el Mundo entero podriamos recibir de USA. Utah lo mejor para la salud y si Ud. me apoyase en este concepto de compartir con el mundo entero
contrarrestar los monstruosos efectos de los opiaseos, es decir si atravez de Aceites Esenciales Terapeuticos de  ingesta   sin quimicos
Dear Presidente D. Trump Usted que piensa sobre los extraordinarios productos terapeuticos que produce Utah con doTERRA en U.S.A. podrían
@realDonaldTrump Is the White House now doing advertising for @FoxNews now Don? Will you be replacing the Presidential seal with their logo?
All insurance, OBC want to drug and medicate, instead of offering Natural care.
They certainly don't truly have our best interest in mind.
Don't forget horrific METH DEATH epidemic.
We still have to cut healthcare. Who cares the people that voted for are suffering. You don't own business in those part of america.
I have a horrible disease RSD CRPS 2 I suffer Everyday without meds I can't have a life. Please help me. We need you
We know the CIA is who flushed our streets w/street drugs but we r going after prescription drugs? I hate p drugs but let's stop COA drugs
Where this is a huge problem, these statistics include heroin overdoses and any street overdose which accounts 4majority of "opioids deaths"
In our town Meth has taken over
No real shits will be given by the pos 45. Let them all die. Just say no. LOL@his idiocy
@realdonaldtrump so just don't start?   WHat the hell is wrong with you!!!
I appreciate the steps2stop giving opioids2people who haven't proven need4pain relief,but thereRpeeps whoR n desperate need of pain relief.
Oh B.S.
Ever any research into whether any of these ODs are from actual prescriptions or due to synthetics from China and Mexico.  Overblown!!
Look to NEWS what these afflicted kids listen to everyday: negative news, no positive re Pres.of USA, to be RESPECTED by all, due to office.
I saw that on tv
Isn't good here concecuence bad healthcare system if USA has many deaths & sycks on it HOW maked O'care to give health as system or service?
I'm sure that part of the opioid crisis and the problems with alcohol and drugs in general, all stem with your being the president.
This is ALL caused by your cohorts and cronies in big pharm and greedy doctors. NOT the patients themselves. Educate yourself.
And @realDonaldTrump does nothing but cut preventative programs. Useless sod
Here's @realDonaldTrump's answer.
Leave the legal drugs off your ticker.
Funny how you can only get them with a prescription. It is the illegal drugs doing this,and good people suffer.
NOW I know why FAKE POTUS REVERSED HIS 'JUST SAY NO SOLUTION' FOX made him realize his supporters are large group of the victims of opioids
Legalize weed and build a wall. Opiod deaths would drop like a rock
This is all about profits from the pharmacutical companies, how pathetic , more respect for the corner hustlers 
The government focuses on the  minority and needs to assure a reasonable system to get these class of drugs to people with pain
You mean NSAID crisis
The atheists pushed science ahead of religion & ethics for so many years. No surprise as society has dropped and drugs rose to crazy high.
u need to count all the withdraw deaths in the jails also This is epidemic check it out plz
#fakenews! #tomprice & #kellyanneconway say there is absolutely no #opioidcrisis
How ppl in pain are being treated  plz help us https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10213015454276435&id=1094599019&refsrc=http%3A%2F%2Ft.co%2FNuMyF00quw&_rdr …
The RX comes from somewhere, and that somewhere is where you need to start. There are many Americans who need these drugs for life
synthetic opioids & diluted drugs are a real problem, more addictive than heroin. My one experience with a prescribed opioid was horrible
Your craziness is making people take more drugs.
How could they ignore this crisis for so long?  What a travesty.
Trump ignores his own commissions recommendation! @realDonaldTrump
the drug dealer is the one who prescribes the little yellow bottle not the foil wrap
Free Obamacare to a huge population of people used to abusing govt systems. There's a direct correlation between Opioids and Obamacare.
What about people who are legit and need the pain control?
You should try living in pain! Pain that will never leave. Pain that keeps you from talking to friends and family.
Low standards lead to mistakes all the way down the line from the doctor to the techs(xrays) tests in general and the pharmacist.
The failure of a country can be seen by the high number of their citzens imprisoned or executed.
#GOP 
#FAIL
A lot of doctors should not be practicing medicine as they are terrible at diagnosing patients. Mistakes and stupidity lead to addiction.
And WORSE they cannot go #2 according 2 commercial for the med to help opioid constipation???? bizarre
Is a negative narrative,and as a retired nurse, shows how very little compassion our society has for other ppl who are in pain. /4
Ppl over medicating and using illegal drugs. But 2 characterize ppl who use pain medication as an addict or at risk for overdosing/3
Ppl who need meds for pain management and are being ostracized for being in pain. There is no doubt there are problems in our society w/ /2
Maybe address how you can get fentanyl online from China easily. People r dying b/c of mixing drugs w/ this most dangerous drug. There r /1
