I am so disappointed and I voted for you to get rid of socialize government healthcare you lost me bud
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump if u feel so strongly against socialist ideas have you turned in your Social Security card? 
Yes! Stop cashing those SS checks, right NOW!!
Yeah, I hear yours should be open in... well, the over-under is about six months.
Trump Keeps Taking Credit For Deals Struck While Obama Was President
No. Actually there is the feeling of dread and despair sweeping across the country.
The wave of optimism is because people think you're going to be impeached any day now.
True.  Look at the army Mueller's hiring.
We are totally depressed with you as president & your awful Bills.  Keep the ACA and improve it.
.@realDonaldTrump In your bubble, maybe. Not in reality.
Obama brought the jobs back. You are bringing racism back
you are smokin' some serious stuff, dude, if you believe that
吓死人了
Whatever, Mr. Craypants! You're not competent to pick strawberries, much less be POTUS. #Fool #FakePresident #PresidentBatshit
It's frustrating Obama had a mountain to climb and did it. POTUSBatShit is trying to drag us back down
Yayayay! :) Keep going, Pres. Trump! We love watching YOU WORK!! :) We're cheering you on & laughing @ commy media pundits!
Spirit of America is catchy. Reminds this boomer of late 40s & post war 1950s when  North America was one bustling economy!
I love our President and Have the utmost respect for Him
no there isn't.  Cohn trained u to always say the opposite of the truth.Quite a torrid love affair Cohn had with Mommy, no?
did Daddy ever find out?
thank you for running for President and winning #BringBackFlynn. Please 
Delusional!
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share

Look at those little bitty hands! Lol! #RiseUp
you are a liar
What about all the jobs lost in tourist industry. Nobody with a brain wants to go to the US. It will be Russia instead.
@ShawnLillis1 83 months of private sector job growth and 5,000,000 open jobs EOM Dec 2016, but "your" bringing jobs 
You're not in the real world.
both are factual and accurate, Trumps fiscal year doesn't begin until Oct 2017, you live in fantasyland
you still make me laugh.
let me translate what you've just said "I don't know anything abt how things actually work..."
you keep me laughing.
.@realDonaldTrump and by "optimism" you mean "anger driven depression" right?
Mr President keep winning
&
the haters will peter out.
Drain White House of
Obama supporters
obstruction will cease.
wish you'd do something about Mexican truck drivers. They r taking American jobs
You're hiring lawyers like there's no tomorrow. With luck, for you there isn't.
There is an incredible spirit of America & 70 percent have decided we are no longer in need of your BS. #ImpeachmentSoon #MuellerTime
Yeah, I hear Mueller is hiring *many* new lawyers.
Well, we are optimistic about one thing.  Buh-bye Donald, you won't be with us much longer! #NotMyPresident
What jobs? McDonald's? Bc I'm still looking. No jobs out there for techie like me bc of offshoring  Stop pontificating and fix that, ok?
Steve Jobs?
We're waiting for all those jobs. And all the winning. And a real president. And....
FAKE NEWS' Low optimism as jobs' "LEAVE  "
@peplamb great job.. please get Bundies out of jail now... thank you....
PRESIDENT OBAMA set all that up way before you. Don't you get tired of tooting your penis for other people's work??
i'd rather chew on broken glass than listen to u talk
The real world, not the Hollyrude fantasy that the Obama's and the Clinton's wallowed in.
@DrKardasPsyDThD halaluya and.  AND PRAISE THE LORD
My optimism is due to the EO and the WALL and the FIGHT against ISIS. The job can wait.
liar, liar, pants on fire.
THIS WOULD HAVE ONLY HAPPENED WITH TRUMP AS OUR PRESIDENT! KNOW THAT YOU ARE DOING WHAT GOD WANTS YOU TO DO
whoa your the real Donald trump
Great, now give AG Sessions the job of indicting HRC...she deserves to be held accountable.
feels damn good to be American
what jobs???
The optimism is letting you sneak in the back door becoming the president.
@tnshelton
@35leosa Thank You @POTUS @realDonaldTrump.
Awesome!!
Mr. President You are so used to success that it will breed some more success.
No there isn't

thank you sir. My optimism is strong, make us great again.
God bless you Mr President. We will keep you, your family & cabinet in our daily prayers.
@mnrosrnr it is great to have a President who wants America to win #MAGA
you aren't seeing ALL the people.  Only the ones that voted for you.  Optimism isn't so good.  Open your eyes to all needs.
then why is your approval rating in the toilet? Why are people terrified about the future?
God Bless you and your country of USA, you are in our prayer, I have also church in USA.Gospel Assembly churches, Dis Monie
Its called THE RESISTANCE!! #TheResistance
No...You are tearing the Country apart. The sooner that you are removed or resign the better. Take Pence with you. Ugh
Yay! Where in DC do I apply to work in that coal mine? @realDonaldTrump
Since you got in office all there is is hate, fear and loathing of the GOP
Yes but what about this little matter of #vault7 first ?
Follow the #Constitution and I'll have no objections.
Don't forget more scandals more than any other president in history .
If trump was a real president he would go after these insurance company's that are robbing Americans that's the problem that should be fixed
Sir, bill H.R 5087 assault ban, please dont allow them to pass this! The bill will take away alot of guns from law abiding citizens who has done nothing wrong.  I pass a background check and I carry so why should I not keep my gun this bill takes hand guns and hunting rifle away.
https://twitter.com/VincinzoC/status/964602152609075200 …
Great @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Is it true that your phone was wire tapped under Obama's instruction, why?
The only thing sweeping the nation is fear and loathing of the lunatic in the WH!
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! https://t.co/BNSL...
Total number of jobs added January through September for the last 7 years.
(Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics)
Well that turned out to be a lie too...heavy sigh
Thank Mr. @POTUS
Thanks Obama!!!
Up until now my spirit has been weakened somewhat and my confidence is scratching it's head over @JeffSession thrashing, AG JS is on ur side
A MAN WITH A REAL MENTAL PROBLEM.
It's great - if you are a criminal defense lawyer specializing in RICO, FARA and FISA cases.

JOBS! Yeah, we heard Washington is running out of lawyers. Have to be brought in from other places. Dude... You fucked up!

This is very funny.  I can't watch it with the sound on as I can't stand his voice but watching the invisible accordion is a lot of fun.
we're optimistic that you're going to prison
Lawyer full employment act.
I see this. Not only are your cronies hiring lawyers, but your lawyer is hiring a lawyer. Soon, you'll all have prison slave labor jobs.
I am quitting my job as IT consultant and going work in that coal mine u talking about. Thanks. #MAGA
No.  Not optimistic, unless you're optimistic about treason and destruction of our democracy by a blowhard wannabe tyrant
I  hear every attorney in the DC area agrees.
Crooked Donny...you are lying.There is NOT a spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now.Everybody is stressed because of you & Russia
Are you in some other country right now?
. jobs isn't the problem. You are
This country?? The one we are in?? 
So the only jobs upcoming require us to move to a Gulf State and work for Exxon Mobil. Not sure that's appropriate for me and my family. 
Attorney jobs! A whole Russian nesting doll of attorney jobs! (I totally stole that, because it was profound)
Carrier?
Yes, we think you will be impeach or forced to resign soon. There is way too much evidence against you.
Win a Desert Eagle .50 caliber pistol giveaway https://wn.nr/GZmpNT 

SMH. @realDonaldTrump is living in 
Trumpy dreamland, where he  only does good for USA. Staff hides bad news from him, only shows good news.
You are a liar and traitor and should resign before impeachment proceedings start
BTW, we still want to see your taxes!
What are you talking about??? We're up in arms! The AHCA is a slap in the face to Americans who've waited for hlth care law improvements!
Jobs were reduced because people from many countries would come to usa for better earning,mainly people from nations,without population ctrl
Guess what?  Where I live there's a shortage of workers for jobs, has been long before you. Propaganda works on your #Cult45. Not reality.
Yes this is true I have got a job now.
I'm on the Trump train now! Soros stopped paying me!
Isn't ironic that when Obama lost his job so many Americans will now have one. Go figure. After electing Obama, voting for Donald Duck
Not your president people. He's the president of these people; people you will never be. All he wants is your vote.
Another weekend, another couple dozen people bragging about their paid access to the president on social media. 
There is NO optimism and you haven't brought back a single job. Retailers are closing in droves. Stop lying for once! No new miners either!
I'm afraid Jared is pulling you to the Democrat side. After all he is a democrat.  Losing confidence.
What is happening in the Wite house?   All i hear is about infighting.
thank you Mr. President!
Foreign tourists down 48%. 10 000 000 000 USD lost every year. Together with approx 144 000 jobs. Thanks POTUS..
Yeah for our #economy !!  Thank you President Trump for your sacrifice to make our America better!  RT
You really are a joker.
AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN. You are the answer that many of the people's questions! Sent by God
& while you are talking about all your job creations- KNOW that Americans are smart enough to truth check your claims.
Address it now- are you going to pay your proposed penalties or bring your jobs back here to stimulate rural America that needs those jobs
WALK THE TALK & bring yours back then you can tell Americans to do so- without the bully pulpit & being hypocritical. walk the talk
Ivanka should bring hers back 2 stimulate our economy as well. There are towns in USA that could use clothe factory jobs,etc U R A hypocrite
It is like you pretend they do not exist. WALK THe TALK & bring your foreign businesses back to the USA! stimulate our economy! hypocrite
I think it is time you address the issue of your foreign businesses? bully other USA companies while  you have foreign? hypocritical
When are the Trumps going to bring back their foreign businesses. Or will you be the only ones without your proposed penalties? hypocrite!
A lot of us are optimistic you'll be impeached. The only jobs will be for new staff at the WH.
Har har har!  LIES, LIES, LIES!
Thank you President  Obama!   Oh how I miss him & his sweet wife!
@efju66 m
From your motions I gather these are handjobs?
where are your tax returns then?
how did your plan to get rid of ISIS within 30 days go wrong? They're still around
& how many stores R going out of business? Th market is down 40 points today! What jobs again?
you are already making America Great Again.
@GaetaSusan Your doing the right thing Mr President! Let's get your bill in there!
But you're not. What is this, "do as I say and not as I do"?
you're full of more shit than a three mile manure train! Accusing someone of a crime is a crime! #CriminalTrump
Seems like jobs for corporations only.  Would be great to see some focus on small businesses and startups!
اسطورة العصر وزعيم القرن الواحد العشرون
And more scandals
as
So what about Minnesota we had manufacturing here and is gone !

tiny hands
@Informerea thankyou mr president for all your efforts..congratulations..i wish kenya could hav a president like you
yeah we can't eait until you're impeached!
Keep up the great work.  Ignore the criticism and feel the love instead!!!
did anyone know about the weekly address he posted on Facebook, you guys have to see the comments from his supporters.sad
@MarianneHofer Escort Comey out of FBI offices immediately. Distractions are just that. #dts
Only optimistic that impeachment charges will be filed soon
or you are forcing them to stay where the hell are you and the families cloths made you creepy man
What jobs?  Obama left you acrecovered economy.
- why do you always appear to be constipated? Wait.. don't answer that.
Really?? Every CVS closing. Every Macy's closing. What're you doing about THAT, Big Mouth??
all BS!
Not from what I hear.
The only job I'm concerned about right now is yours ... YOU'RE FIRED!!!
You're confusing optimism w/catatonic depression.  You're the most ill equipped hated president ever.  Fail! Sad'
how? Alot of stores closing everywhere around.
NOT!!
All ur life,whatever u did,always drew incredible interest whether you bldgs,USFL,Apprentice, ur tenacity /wonderful humor!
there is fear spreading across America because of your LIES LIES LIES i
SO Happy you are our president!   Please try to keep the Muslims out of the USA.
Slogan for your next election: "For Clear Vision. TRUMP 2020."
