EXACTLY!


you are a fraud
Oh yeahWe showed them who and what we wanted in OUR COUNTRY! Yes we do have one that's what they hate! We want it back!
What’s next Don?
Hey all you GIF posting libs, go rescue a puppy and cuddle it. You get 4 years of this.
your supporters will be disappointed to learn your entire campaign was marketing propaganda based on lies. "Movement" ha!!

let it go
Hacking private emails from opposing political party is UnAmerican. The hack is the crime not the emails #CriminalTrump 
YEAH A GREAT ORANGE SHIT!
A MASSIVE STOOL.
the biggest stool. A tremendous stool. Crooked Hilary produces weak stool. Sad!

that's just messed up blazenbombshell
I knew from the beginning the polls were wrong.  I didn't doubt for a second, I knew you would be our next PRESIDENT!!!
somebody is tweakin' early  Have fun w/the boys today btw  @CIA 
(We're not distracted #TrumpLeaks)
Melania is so smart.
LIKE NEVER BEFORE in America #NeroIsAlive
#pantsonfire
Grow up ....... the election is over, time to get over it!!!!
Will "Smart" people still be able amass fortunes whilst not paying any taxes in this movement, you know, like you did?
I have never seen such a movement in my lifetime. GROUND BREAKING HISTORY
they were in trouble since you were nominated as President
you really changed the Presidential  dynamics.1st BO @POTUS showed us a black man could run & win & you showed us ANY 1 can
when are you going to shut up and act like a man who will be President, oh nvm your Donald it's not possible
build that wall sir.....

@MaureenShilaly @realDonaldTrump now that guy is very succinct in his comments
damn it's fun to watch all the scared liberals on this lmfao maybe they need to go back to mom's tit
You are about to be president of the United States. Act like it.
the election was last year..don't you have an intel briefing to prepare for instead of tweeting about Hillary?
The @FCC permits violence on broadcast TV but not women's nipples. So wrong. Do you support the @freethenipple campaign?
Someday I'll be a real person, like Exxon or Goldman Sachs.
#MoreSwamp 

#DumbConstituents make #poorDistricts who use UStax$$ to #StandWithIsrael as they sell USweapons to #ISIS
Love these morning tweets!!!!!
lol Donnie is coming unglued already and he hasn't even taken office yet
ALL CAPS MAKE IT TRUE... SAID NO ONE EVER.
congress NEEDS to interrogate @realDonaldTrump like they did Clinton during the Benghazi/Email hearings.. THIS #RussiaHacking is NO joke
#RussiaHacking @realDonaldTrump @wikileaks Got Some Explaining to do
Who needs leaks. Just watch this.
in 2010: @WikiLeaks 'disgraceful,' there 'should be like death penalty or something'
@KremlinRussia_E 
https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/810294369383235584/video/1 …
More pics by the Lil Kim obsessor.
Oh wait there wasn't a female running for President , so Republicans didn't care.
Thanks for making my point. No thoughts of your own, just a cut and paster.

have you ever seen the movie Idiocracy? It kind of reminds us of what's going on. You should watch it. I give it 1 thumb up
but it's got what plants crave!!!
What really happened in the last two weeks was you were losing–so, you bribed Comey to reopen a fake investigation!
Comely is under Obomas rule, not Trump!
Comey is still a Republican, & had close ties to Guiliani–one of the inner circle members of @realDonaldTrump's camp.
I'm not sure Giuliani was that close to the camp ...
Do you know me? If you did, you'd chose your words very carefully
threatening people cause you have no idea what you're talking about? Sad!
I was called dump first with anyone knowing me
you're obsessed with the fireworks.
Deflecting from how bad you were made to look yesterday?
His huge ego will not be able to handle seeing his approval ratings eventually drop below 20%.
I worry deeply about how he will react. We can only hope someone will shove a xanax in his mouth.
He'll end up like Hitler only his need for revenge will take us all down.
for a minute I thought you were talking about a cancelled firework display but then remembered you are President elect.
And remember that Mat..give Trump a chance & if not agree then give facts or just stop complaining. You're smug
why are you still talking about the election?
Because the snowflakes make it so fun to, rub salt in their crying eye's.
Sensitive snowflakes don't follow his account or read any of this garbage. He doesn't say it for their benefit ...
... he posts this stuff to keep convincing you he's awesome and maintain your adoration. Very insecure.
No she didn’t. Unless you’re talking about the one case where it SOUNDED like she said that, but didn’t.
politifact lost all credibility the moment HRC lost the election against their terrible predictions. So don't even show me that lie.
I don't need politifact to listen to the original audio & hear that she said AREN'T. Again, if you have other examples, show me.
ur an idiot
Many Democratic voters refused to say truthfully how they would vote before election. I think that is why MSM got it wrong.
No, history has seen a movement like yours before. It was in Germany on the 30th of January, 1933. #nazipresident ###
Still on about the fireworks? Grow up, Donald. 
°     °    °
(THEY'RE SEEING A SHITSHOW LIKE NEVER BEFORE!)
Agreed

Stand to march
Do you EVER stop bragging about yourself? Try to act somewhat dignified and not like a child saying na-na-na-boo-boo. Jesus
he's like Littlefinger
Nah, Littlefinger is smart. More like Joffery.
combo of Joffrey and Ramsey
TRUE
built on false promises
it was a tremendous bowel movement.
A movement of utter BS that will surround us in such horrid stench that it will take decades to cleanse ourselves if u don't kill us first!
@CNN trump Ur a giant movement like we have never seen b4 except at zoo by elephants. Smelly!
We can all agree #ImpeachTrump. Election is election and it's over. Hillary isn't in the game. Just you & crazy tweets #Gop
Maybe you such cancel your inauguration. Because that would be a big moment as well. #impeachtRump
It's like you have to still convince yourself you won.  You are the president-elect.  LET IT GO!
I knew when I heard that quip about fireworks being cancelled early in the day someone in the campaign knew it was over.
.@realDonaldTrump 
YES #LOCKHERUP @RudyGiuliani #PAYFORPLAY #TREASON #SOROSESPIONAGE #SAUDIHITSQUAD #BENGHAZI #KADAFI #NWO #EU #NATO #UNESCO !
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
Why are you still going on about the election 2 months later?! My God man! You look desperately crazy
The Democrats won't give up. We are CATTLE to them. FEMA CAMPS WITH THOUSANDS OF CASKETS. CONCENTRATION CAMPS. #DEMAGENDA
OH YOU ARE SO MUCH BETTER AT EVERYTHING, SO SAYS VLADIMIR ABOUT YOUR HANDS AND THAT OTHER ITSY BITSY THING
A huge  show movement
Trump is delusional.  He lives in his own bubble. #notmypresident #DumpTrump
Elephants do tend to have big movements, and there you are.
sir, we all remember. When you cite old news, it seems like you might be forgetful. Please sir, look forward in strength!
Pathetic.... You are nothing but a bully. Melania's  anti-bullying campaign is a joke if you are the President!
You are delusional. What we saw was that your voters fell for the misinformation and fake news.
Donald will be relying on the Russian intelligence services & the MOSSAD for Int briefings & updates
"Putting Out the Fire With Gasoline"
before the.... the what?! I'm in such suspense! Finish the sentence next Tuesday or Wednesday. Apologize!
 They've seen "your" kind of movement before. The world has seen it, & all remember. Sieg Heil DJT

omg get over yourself. Make sure your pretty on the 20th black will be best with orange lol
WHY ARE WE YELLING I WANNA YELL TOO
Deflection from confirmation hearings.
You pay for wall. Have Mexico pay you back. You could charge interest. 
Tax returns
will never ever call you POTUS
"Movement" = With Help from Putin and His Criminal Russian Cronies.
bowel movement #HugePoop
"Movement"? What's that smell? Hitler used sim words/tactics uv studied him well #NotMYPresident #NEVERMyPresident
I am Such A Proud Deplorable here in ALABAMA!! 2 more weeks, can't wait. Have waited my life for a non-political President! Thanks #Trump45
every time you say MOVEMENT I think of  because it's the only thing that ever comes out of your mouth
Wait till all the snowflakes form an avalanche and crush your bowel movement. SAD!
Do you not know that the election is over?
Exactly they are in big trouble for using old "spying" news as a scheme to steal the election.......CROOKS!
why are you tweeting old news?
a racist movement.
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
your "movement" is countered by a much larger, more powerful movement.  U face unparalleled resistance, neutered presidency
No.  Your "movement" is just a small fraction of what Obama's was.  Only Racist flyover states support you.  Sad really.
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
True. Out of the last 58 election victories, you came in 58th in popular vote percentage. Now THAT'S historical.
yes they did and all thanks to vlad
Aren't you supposed to be reading an INTEL Briefing vs tweeting us personal memoirs?  Election is over, step it up.
l pray everyday for your death
lol no, we've seen this movement before. Remember?
About as sharp as a shoelace
Shut Up!!  Fool!!
The tweet doesn't even make sense. Chill out with your Personality disorder. NPD, breh.  #DishonestDon #Abewouldhateyou
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
The only movement I have for you is the rumbling in my bowels!
the only big movement you have is a tightly coiled pile in Kellyanne's mouth, scatman!
 OBAMA is to YAHAYA as he turned AMERICA to the GAMBIA . A laughing stalk of the world.
A Bowel Movement. Like, after a night of drinking and cheap food.
a bowel movement #trumpsgadfly #PutinsPuppet #TheResistance #RussiaHacking #DoYourJob

My mother was more of a man then you.
preach it President Trump!
SO TRUE! 4themWasOnlyAbout win/lose @wikileaks exposd greed&disdain4commonPple&exposd theyNevrGave a SH.only about $ &power
Simmer down Camille.  Go do some work
Like after you take a huge dose of Miralax?
Your such a liar.
That movement being the Kremlin working to get a Russia friendly president with a kleptocratic cabinet & Secretary ofState?
#thebowelmovement
so close in key states, election swayed by Putin. What was your part? You encouraged it. Traitor. Resign.
Don't forget campaigning in the Blue States as opposed to Red "in play" (texas) or swing states in the final days ...
"a movement"? You sound just like Fidel Castro before taking Cuba forever. #scary
There's no movement.  There's just Putin influencing the vote.
A bowel movement like never before?
I have seen a movement like this before...but then I flushed the toilet #notmypresident
About as sharp as a shoelace
They saw a SCAM, a child rapist, a doper, a con-artist, a shyster, a national embarrassment STEAL the election. #RESISTRUMP
your voters believed your promises. When they find out what you are REALLY doing with their benefits bye bye!
it's a "movement" alright.  The kind you see in the latrine
Just so you know the election over.  Guess who won?  I will give you 2 hints, he is stuck in the 80s and the color orange.
The election is over. You won electorate & lost popular vote by abt 3mill votes. Don't U have more important things to do?
They saw a bowel movement emerging from a Cheeto's mouth.  You better believe it was something they'd never seen before.
why are you so proud of duping idiots?  Shame on you!
IT WILL BE WONDERFUL, BE SAFE PRESIDENT TRUMP

how does it feel to be illegitimate? Hillary won the popular vote. Don't forget that.
Still campaigning or reality setting in that YOU ARE UNFIT!
A REVOLUTION IS WHAT THEY SAW. THEY SHOULD RUN FOR THE HILLS. TRUMPER'S ARE VERY PASSIONATE ABOUT THIS.
Courtesy of your bromance with Vlad. Is he one of your advisors, little boy?
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
a disgusting moment when America and everything it ever stood for DIED!
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
.@realDonaldTrump you're about to see a movement like never before. COME ON JANUARY 20 WE HAVE YOUR ASS TO KICK!
.@realDonaldTrump Fireworks: the nonsensical leitmotif of every single sad recounting of how Donald Trump lost by 3 million votes.
lost? Can you honestly say he lost?
You stole the election. You are the sort of movement that needs two flushes.
A movement that lost the popular vote by millions isn't a movement,  it's an ANOMALY.
And how exactly is this tweet contributing to the successful accomplishment of your transition efforts? @megynkelly
What "movement" was that?!
in reality, the entire thing was a planned indemnity data dump - they whacked seth rich just to sell us a dead-end meme
must have been looking at big fireworks bill...smart for Dems to quit while they could....

you need some therapy! Very thin skinned and I don't want that in my president.

its not a movement its a spectacle!!!embarrassing one at that
you Believe your own bullcrap don't ya?  1st prez with dementia
Yeah, you got the job. Now do the job.
It's 1776 2.0!
I read all about her tantrum, to be a fly on the wall . Put her in prison she belongs there
You are a movement...you gathered up all the crazies and now they are mad at you over all your lies

不要学蒋公日记守土开疆
umm, you barely thought you were gonna win. We don't know if it was rigged. Obama & Bernie were also EXTREMELY popular
there is no movement, except the one from your ass
nether did America. Never did we have a racist, rich, corrupt, puppet, troll, sore winner, etc in the White House.
