
Thank you Mr. President for your tireless attention to all the disasters our country has experienced. Great job!!!!!
While you were in Vegas, Donnie, you should have donated blood.

All of it.
At once.
One pic?
You are a good man Sir, I wish #DictatorBiya of #Cameroon could only speaks and condemn his military for #Genocide in #SouthenCameroons.
#MAGA
I wouldn't consider mourning to be "wonderful"!
Why is everything you do "wonderful" and great.  What happened in Vegas and Puerto Rico was disasters!  Nothing wonderful about them!!
Instead of talking about how you visit to a mass murder scene was wonderful, how about trying to come up with new Gun laws that prevent these things, unless of course you think they are "wonderful"....
You are not good for America.  Thankfully we have heroes in the government who are ready to protect us from you!
You know what will be "Wonderful"?  Your Impeachment!
You know what will be even more "wonderful"? Your imprisonment!
Sorry to burst your bubbles brother. NEVER GONNA HAPPEN! President Trumpis chosen by God The Almighty, you cannot go against God and win!
God has a very sick sense of humour
Thanks for your visit. Us Las Vegas locals appreciate it.
The FAKE NEWS will never give you a fair shake. You and Malania warm the hearts of those in Las Vegas just as you did in Puerto Rico. #MAGA
Thank you for all you do despite criticism at every single turn. Praying for you and your family.
Oh yeah?
until your Alzheimer’s kick in 15 days from now.....fool
Wonderful @chloe_go
Yeah but what about Tillerson? You're really going to let him get away with calling you a moron? 

When you’re using Bush to put Trump down, you know something’s going bad in the White House
Well judging from up close it has nothing to do with leftists. The right are trying to pin them & we all see it now. Nice try though.

One of the worst tragedies and you are saying how wonderful your visit  was? You are just disgusting! You are such a narcissist! Impeach now
How were the crowds?

Did you scope out any casinos you could buy and then bankrupt while you were there?

No talk of a WHITE Christian American man participating in TERRORIST activity on U.S. Soil. Hypocrite.
Déclarations d'un touriste,ébloui par les rencontres des nouveaux visages
If you only would care about people like you do about Golf and so called Fake News. What a disgrace to the White House.
Our President is paying his respects and yet you people full of hatred show DISRESPECT towards what people just went through.
You had to read from a script?You couldn't thank everyone there without reading it?
Nambia will pay for the impeachment
Really? "So wonderful" to be there?  Seriously, dude, do you ever think before tweeting?
Don't forget about Puerto Rico's needs. According to a video I just saw, you didn't see worst of things when you were on the island. 
Thank you Mr. President!

#VegasStrong All manner of heroic acts, large & small, are coming to light after #VegasMassacre.

#MAGA
Why always about you???  Not wonderful it's horrific for all these people in Las Vegas and PR. No empathy for others at all!!!
Time to have a conversation about @cnn conducting crimes against humanity, by dehumanizing conservatives & radicalizing viewers to kill them
This also includes @HillaryClinton @BernieSanders @SenWarren @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi and others.
This is the second middle aged white man within 3 months 2 conduct mass shootings on conservatives, & it is likely they are both Berniecrats
These liberal media outlets and leaders are  responsible for the actions of their viewers/followers, just as Hilter's propaganda
Just as Hiltler's propaganda machine allowed for the systematic dehumanization of a whole segment of the German population- the Jews
This is clear evidence that rhetoric from above changes the way everyday people view their neighbors, so much so that murdering makes sense
These dog whistles are having a real effect on America right now. It is the duty of the liberal leadership to change their rhetoric
Should these liberal leaders NOT change their rhetoric, they need to be held directly accountable for the effects of  violence they promote
Name one victim you spoke to,without googling it
It’s always about yourself, #Dotard! Why can’t you just show more respect for your entire nation and the world?
It was wonderful to be in a city rocked by a terrorist murdering 59 people and wounding 500 others?
Did you get to throw paper towel at them? Brag about how there were “only 59 deaths“because of the “wonderful job“ YOU did?
Are u going to call #StephenPaddock a TERRORIST? Say it #Trump RADICAL DOMESTIC TERRORISM by an American white guy no #MuslimBan could stop
You’ll forget all about them once the NRA tells you what to think and how to feel. Most importantly, they will tell you what to do.
Gr8 for every u do for us
Wonderful? Really? That's word that comes to mind visiting a city recovering from a massive shooting?
David, honestly man, this is just criticism for the sake of criticism. Ask yourself if you would be this critical if it was Obama.
Obama would show empathy & would choose his words wisely, he also wouldn't shoot rolls of paper towels to hurricane victims
Nope. Complete lies. If Obama made that tweet, you would only say good things.
Obama would never in a million years express himself in such idiotic ways consistently
Well the stock market is at its highest in over 15 years. Obama had 8 years to do that and he couldn’t. I think that the stability of the
You know what stock market looked like on day Obama took office?
Probably better than the days leading up to when he left. He hadn’t gotten the chance to ruin it yet.
Waiting for Trump to announce the 1st Annual Hunger Games any day now...
I'm on here talking crap about Donald, but something about this picture hit me, a longing.
LET'S SEE MORE OF THIS DONALD FOR GOD'S SAKE!!!
Photo ops don't fix our shitty gun laws. Or climate change. Or racism.
Also, maybe all of this is happening now because of him. The only pics like that will be with his (surviving) fans.
Triggered alert 
Asshole alert.
so its wonderful to see people dying in hospitals?
How about you do something about it?
Nothing a President can do anything about that situation
There's plenty. Pass laws.
1. The Pres doesn't pass laws--that would be Congress
2. Gun Control laws would not have stopped it since these laws do not work
Quick, name one victim you met yesterday. 

No, didn't think you could
What else did you do, and how is portorico doing ...
Get out you pardon pen. Son and son in-law are in deep do-do.
Forgotten them already?
GicfuDT
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
The carnage on your watch is unsurpassed. RESIGN before any more carnage occurs.
It was a right wing gun nut firing into a crowd of country music lovers, also likely right wingers. Best if you look around you for answers.
Thank U for all U do for D Nation Mr President.It's a pity that no one at MBay had a Weapon or evn Armed Guards to protect D Guests! GBU.
Father God,we humbly pray 4 all D Victims in LV&4 D Conversion of Hearts in Jesus nm, . Please bless D POTUS DT&His ADM.Thank You Fr God.
Until @realDonaldTrump doesn't demand our DOJ arrest Soros we can not be safe ANYWHERE in the ! He is sponsoring all hate groups!
It’s time to go after trump #crookedtrump. #impeach
Isn't that what Mueller is trying to do? Isn't that what #FakeNews has been staging? Isn't that #CrookedHillary's only reason for living?
Keep drinking the koolaid

décrets signés au Mont-Blanc... (faites une pose de temps en temps, mesurez la portée de vôtre déclaration sur la population)...
Wonderful is a poor choice of words when 100s are winded and more then 50 killed.
Billionaire moron Dawn cannot possibly understand being without anything so how can he understand us just like we don't him he's a moron!!!!
Never forget the truth is coming up, you are a fraud and a traitor. How can anything be wonderful after an idiot killed innocent ppl????????
They'll never forget you either, sir. Their faces visibly brightened when you two walked in the room. Thank you so much for your compassion!
You are doing a great job with the gun control problem :-)
“Whom”
I challenge you to remember the name of one of them!
Not only never forget ... you should also immediately 'pivot' to do something about gun violence in the US.  Start with exposing the NRA!
, ne laissez pas la haine se déverser, envahir vos coeurs, car du pire, tapi dans nos jolies contrées pourtant bien protégées à coup de
Next you have the nerve to go to Puerto Rico and tell them how they are in debt, and say that Katrina was "a real catastrophe" because of...
Whom
Stop sending you're thoughts and prayers and do something about gun restriction laws. That is if the corporations dont own you too
...back, look at Clinton and Obama. Don't think of their political opinions. Just think of them, and what they said in public. Did they...
I bet they'll never forget your crazy  ass either!
Dose a firefighter, police officer, soldier or any other coming to an accident/battle field say: its wonderful to be here??
Mandalay Bay Hotel security guard Jesus Campos distracted the shooter from outside his room, saved untold lives, gave intel to police. HERO!
Please do not let your staff insist on keeping Stevens Islamic status a secret. It is getting out anyway, and will make Feds look complicit
Fake sympathy! U can't pull off that u care! U sound ridiculous quoting the Bible. Ur body is uncomfortable saying the words.Just a photo op
I’m sure you don’t remember one of those victims names today. I’ll be waiting for a response.
“Wonderful” ladies and gentlemen. Such an appropriate word to choose—you god damned tone deaf moron. Please kill yourself.
Did you throw bandaids at them?

Stressed about his tweets? Squeeze our Trump Poop emoji toy!
Fund our kickstarter campaign! >> moji love
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2135353977/mojilove …
Too many exclamation points. Do something truly noble, do not let the civilian population get silencers.
Yes "so wonderful that 58 people died and 500+ injured and many critical. YOU were the one who reversed that mental cases can buy guns. YOU!
特朗普大哥的用词真是感人至深。wonderful  hahhahahh
So wonderful? It wasn't a vacation. People died and hundreds were shot. WTF! #MuellerTime 
Its wrong to say it was wonderful to meet those people?I mean saying it was so sad to be in las Vegas and meet victims police sound terrible
pelosi fights to disarm folks while she has protection 24/7.I think we should arm more so we can shoot back, save lives
Prayers to vegas!
It was a sad occasion, not wonderful. This isn’t 1 of your rallies. Please be Presidential and appropriate in any future official capacity.
we need to ban white people from unite state of american  the are the real terror in america start whith the so call president mental isue
did you throw paper towels at them?  dotard
I responded: Mr. President: I suggest you fire whomever screens your tweets. It's never wonderful to meet with victims of a tragedy. Sad.
Mr. President, beware of Mr. Lula wants to be a presidential candidate to support Cuba, Venezuela and North Korea
...and take a leadership role. Unfortunately, people will immediately think to look up to the President at times like this. To their great..
*looks at names of police doctors and victims written on his hand* yes I’ll never forget!
Did you throw them some paper towels also too???
until someone else fails to treat me in a fawning and sycophantic manner. By then I will have completely forgotten all of this.
Radical Islam has raised it's ugly little head again!
Wonderful?
I’m sure they’ve already forgotten about you, though. Did you give them a roll of paper towels to help them have a good time?
Mr. President, please try: “Truly heartbreaking to be in Las Vegas yesterday. Our thoughts are with every victim. You won’t be forgotten.”
Throwing toilet paper to the people.... Really!
You need to improve gun laws.
Was it fantastic?
you won't talk gun control but weep for the victims.. worthless man#gun control now
Yeah, name one, just one of them, can you?  Never forget!

So wonderful?!? Such a joyous time to be in Vegas!?!
so glad you had a good time.  that's all we care about.  wonderful to hear you are enjoying the massacre
You're such a light-weight.  Your words provide ...NADA!
What was so wonderful about visiting a state that just had a mass murder in modern history?
No doubt they thought it wonderful wen you left.
I'm rusty on my Amendments, but I'm sure speaking and showing your opinion is allowed. They are upset about how Black's are being treated...
It's "wonderful to be here" because a deranged gun nut killed so many people? Wish YOU had been at that concert instead of innocent people.
say stuff like what you are tweeting? Did they curse about NFL players? Did they "there were good people on both sides" when white...
So wonderful!!! Are you sick???.... oh never mind.

I bet one peaceful open carry demonstration by the Muslim community supporting relaxed gun laws would make Congress act on gun control.
Maybe if you changed the gun law, things like this wouldn’t happen.
Thank u for doing all u do in this tragedy in Las Vegas
“Wonderful to be in Las Vegas”?  Can’t u even pretend to care!So embarrassing that u can’t even speak. Control what comes out of your mouth!
It was "wonderful" to meet with people who have been shot?
Must be a yuuuge boost to your ego to know they got shot just to meet you!
Did you go to the morgue ? Don't forget people died ! How effing wonderful was that ?
Thank you Mr President! Your visited really boosted morale here in Paradise
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES!
Why would you say it was wonderful 
And if you don't do something, they will never forget you as well but perhaps not with the same fondness.
So sad not wonderful. So much for having the best words
You made it easier for this to happen again! https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/02/28/trump-sign-bill-blocking-obama-gun-rule/98484106/ …
This sounds like a "thank you" to the host of a bachelor party.
I'm behind you President Trump 100%!!
When we going to get the truth.  Never.  J.F.K.
Wonderful time, so wonderful all the people who came out to see me.  I love a wonderful time, so great, huge crowds all singing my praises.
An absolute tragedy. Caused by a worthless POS...R.I.P. to the victims and condolences to their families and friends.

#VegasStrong
U say you're a man that's educated & sincere. U started your tweet with So Wonderful to B N http://L.Vegas . So inappropriate,&sad
Wonderful? You describe it like it's a jolly to your favourite hangout.
Wonderful? Really that’s the word you use. I know you have a limited vocabulary,but OMG!
Donald did you even know you could by buffers for semi automatic weapons?That allow him to be converted to fully automatic
Are you too ashamed now to answer a simple question? You weren't ashamed when you threw paper towels at helpless people in PR in mockery.
Meet any new hookers or Russian operatives?
Wonderful? Really?
Why wonderful? It should heartfelt!
It was fucking "wonderful" to see bloody amputations, grieving families and funerals of those who died because insecure baby's need guns!?
triomphants... Blancs, noirs... aux cheveux blonds ou grisonnants, d'égal à égal, nous nous reconnaissons, car le même sang coule dans
That was so nice of you to do that!!!
Meeting with people who just witnessed the most horrific homegrown terrorist attack Is NOT a wonderful event...#Think #You #Nit #Wit
I saw and heard video's, it appears to me that there were several shooters at more than 1 hotel;1 person could not have shot # people w guns
you should never forget them.  You caused it, you OWN it. @failingPOTUS45 #OreoRepub OO #littleboydonnie
@potus Do you have a brain donny I don't think your being there will make it "Wonderful" for anyone there, use what brain you do have. #FDJT
You are the best!
Why would anyone say it's "so wonderful" to be in Las Vegas after 500 people were injured and 60 people killed in a mass shooting?
What’s wonderful about going to the scene of the largest mass shooting in modern US history #yourNRAbribeatwork
@realDonaldTrump Grab 'EM by the p...y
You voted for this clown America...now you deal with the consequences.
...and Congress would be talking about Gun safety. Again, unfortunately, you are ranting about NFL players who are peacefully protesting...
Can you tell us some of their names? ......... Didn't think so.
Name them.


@POTUS  Ask for hotel surveillance footage.They have NO CASE w/out it.The American ppl deserve the truth.Was it S,Paddock. Or was he a PATSY
So what were there names again?
You don't care about anyone but yourself. Puerto Rico is still suffering even though you throw them a few rolls of paper towels. 

I get it. no matter what the presidents says or does the other dum dums will find fault. look on the bright side of life
wonderful? seems like you are really happy there
When will you condemn the shooter?   When will you call that out? 
#FakePresident
He knows the media is lying, there were multiple shooters and Paddock was an agent.  You really think one guy did all this? #wakeup
Did you toss out trauma packs and band-aids to the crowd?
you lie to the citizens of the USA on behalf of the alt-right and kkk I think your admin is lying. You know why & who ALT-right or Putin?
Wonderful?! What the hell is wrong with you?
Wonderful?Should be in Cemetery by the dead people and give them the highest honour.They died in a cause of the Devil act! @realDonaldTrump
.. supremacists were there? No. They didn't. You have been acting absolutely inappropriate. I might sound like I'm taking to a second...
Yes, it is an "enormous" experience to see how much they suffered from local terrorists having access to assault weapons. Enormous!
I could see in your eyes, your heart was breaking. I can only imagine how difficult it was for you and our First Lady. So proud of you both!
Loves LOVE the Purple Tie! Looking Good Mr President!! Thanks for all your doing...
That's what people want to see a president that's up close and personal.  Good for you and your wife are reaching out
Yeah wonderful.   Only you can be so uncaring.  May God have mercy on your soul.
*who I have already forgotten.

FTFY
I'm happy you had a "wonderful" time meeting with all those people who had just been through hell...

It would have been wonderful if you were the victim.
It was wonderful to be in Vegas. A mass shooting an trump thinks its wonderful.
