I thought you resigned
he says meetings so he can send invoices to YOU the taxpayer.
Just so you know.
On Saturday, Trump also played a round of golf.
Brought to you by The Washington Post.
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Slacker. Golfer in Chief. You haven't done an honest days work in your entire life. #WatchTVallday
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and d...
President Trump, I wouldn't care of you ran up your expenses to the max.  Let them worry about what they spend reculously on their acct
President Trump and VP Pence are the hardest working team in American history!

100 Days of pure success Making America Great Again!

#MAGA
Absolutely! Like the Muslim ban that worked so well, initial attempts at healthcare changes, his approval rating, his flip-flops...all wins!
America is not tired of winning yet!

Democrats may delay but cannot stop the Trump Train!

Everything Obuma is being repealed!

#MAGA
Is this your whole schtick? Just shilling for a billionaire? What do you get out of it? To be racist or sexist or just supporting a team?
Probably just a Russian bot.
Seriously? How about stayingbin the WH.  I hear it is even cheaper
Pls stop funding for #sanctuarycities #PlannedParenthood and fund border wall!!
willing to spend $3 million a weekend in Mar-A-Lago but your NY home is too expensive to hold meeting?  Or because no golf?
Make America LAZY Again, you're STEALING from the American people by being a non-working President
You had NO meetings, but played golf again, because you didn't want to cough up money to NYPD to protect your chunky behind Fake Worker
So was your wife remaining in Trump Tower.
Maybe if you tried staying at the WH instead of NJ golfing and promoting you'll show up at weddings... it might be cheaper for us!!!
Trump wasting over $20 Million in taxpayer money on weekend golf trips! More than Obama spent in 8 years! Ass still huge!
NO!! stay at the WH - I can't pay for all these vacays for failing president!!!
You can stay anyplace you like. You're not Wanted anywhere.
@realDonaldTrump taxpayers pay for your weekends out golfing & Melania's affair at Tiffanys in NY so don't come talking about expensiveness
Says the man who spends millions on golf and shit
With Russians?  You've fired all the Americans who've had meetings with you.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
really? Sounds like taxpayers being charged for you to stay in NJ when you already have a house in NYC. Shame on you.
Prayers for you!!    
I live a mile from your golf course in line hill. Hope to meet you someday. We got your six & thank you so much, Mr POTUS love u.
Awesome
Because jersey is cool at least around Toms River where we all voted for Trump
Let him play Golf. More working in hiy
New York is becoming New Jack City thanks to the liberals while the rich move out. Have fun with crime and poverty
Trump.great job love to go fishing with
It's worse then worse. The Clinton Foundation and all the bunch needs to be dredged for truth.
Stay in the white house like all other presidents who could do the job did., fool.
The real reason is because you are profiting off of it, be honest, your a fraud!
Fake news!
I mean, you could stay at a Motel 6.
& it's another one of your resorts that I have to pay for you to visit.  Hope you get poison ivy. Or meet the Jersey devil
This #snowjob ain't #working , #dude @MarALago is VERY #expensive + u have #MakeAmericaGreatAgain peeps pay 4 it (#taxes )! #hypocrisy
why don't you just stay at the white house?  Cheaper yet.
Trump is a Nut case and Americans will all see that soon
Has, bla bla bla
Narsasist trying to hide what He has done...run that mouth
Why don't you go stay in Moscow with Vladdy Daddy? #fuckyousmalldick
http://arcturus07.blogspot.com/2017/05/stop-wasting-your-time.html …
You have spent more time in golf meetings in 4 months thanks Obama did in 8 years. Gross. Entitled. Stop spending my money on this!
How to waste taxpayer money while denying healthcare to poor Americans. Well done Donald! #TrumpsAmerica
Then why is NYC wasting millions guarding your buildings? How about freeing up that money for real New Yorkers?!
You ran for President. Why don't you stay in the White House where presidents are supposed to live!
Golf isn't a meeting. Taxpayers shouldn't be paying for you to stay in your own hotels and play golf.
I hear the White House has lots of secure rooms for meetings...
Oh, we all know how much you're saving. How about shutting down Trump Tower and tell Melania to move to DC.  Also, stop golfing all the time
Try staying at the White House that's what it's for
"Meetings" now means "Golfing".  Got it thanks.
ikipiywet
And people there HATE YOU. Like the majority of sane people In this COUNTRY. IN THE WORLD!!! You are not welcome anywhere!!
More expensive than the $146, 000 spent each day to protect Melania in NYC? Why doesn't she want to live w\you?
I wonder how ignorant do you think we are, your not fooling anyone( well maybe a few) you are just embarrassing yourself.
Have to keep up those Russian ties after all.
Wow!  The sacrifices you put yourself through for us!
= different golf course
Probably just easier to hide there.
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
But your wife is there & security already there...draing our funds #Sad !
Expensive for New Yorkers to have you there too.
Save thousands and blow millions. Do you think anyone believes you?
Yep, being president is probably a lot harder than you thought 
another "meeting" on the golf course!?
Look at all the snowflakes complaining again! Get down off of the Cross, someone needs the Wood!
http://arcturus07.blogspot.com/2017/05/do-more-than-exist-live-do-more-than.html …
@twright55 mr. President how are u? I would like to know how will u help Africa to free from poverty?

Technologies
Dear mr trump be the et alien disclosure president that the galactics and humanity needs you to be help humanity with cures and new healing
It is also the transition surgery of America. Make Transition Surgery Great Again! #TrannyTrump
American beauty
Bayrock LLC human trafficking Tarik Arif Alexander Mashkevich   racketeering conspiracy #zembla
SNL is soooo funny. Love that Alec
TIL golf=meetings
So thoughtful

LIAR
8ki
Liar!!! Wanna save some money, stay in the phucking WH 

liar! you went golfing, AGAIN!
You need to stay in DC. You're the one that wanted the job. Sorry it's not 9:00 to 5:00. Do your damn job.
How about staying in the great big house in DC the taxpayers provided for you?
That's a good one needs some exxxxccccitementt
Hey CHEETO, can't wait until it's all totaled & your base sees what you've cost them & history proves you are a fraud,
too expensive, for Donnie? We do know the numbers for your Maralagoogoo wkends  #ImpeachTrump
stay at the white house... no disruption there
How about you stay in the White House?? You might as well enjoy it while it lasts.
You should be in the White House. You are costing taxpayers a fortune with your weekend getaways to Trump Golf resorts. Your wife in NYC too
You are rich. Pay your own bills. Oh yes, that wont happen. You love other peoples money. Say thank you tax payers.
You think you are to good to stay in a house that slaves built
How would it cost more for you to stay with your family at home which is already protected. I call lie dude
Haters are gonna hate so just ignore the noise and do what you think is right in your heart.
Enjoy your time on the weekends where ever you want to go because the American people know you're busting your ass during the week for us.
Ikkle Donnie Wonnie is afraid of the mean old protesters. Poor Donnie. Sad!
Like you give a toot about saving  middle class and poor taxpayers' money.
If NYC is so expensive and disruptive, it's probably time to move your family into the WH. That would save some cash!
So NOW you're concerned about costs?  #hypocrite
You know what's cheaper? The White House.
Give us a break!!!  You think the American people will buy that pucky?  ROFLMAO.
Then why don't you stay at the White House?
ur such a liar even ur wife and kids r starting to believe u.grow up and start being POTUS and stay in the whitehouse u wanted 2 b in so bad
Why don't you just stay in Washington for your "meetings"?  Even less expensive!
How about staying at the White House?  You are wasting so much of my money promoting your golf courses and resort.
Please hang on until June. I have that month in the pool!
Golf.  Who do you think you're kidding?
Or... you know.... you ciuld just hold your meetings in the White House like a Pres should and NOT spend tax dollars on needless travel
Bull Crap!
But mar-a-lago is cheaper? Staying at the White House would be most cost-effective.
If only there was a place built specifically for POTUS to live & hold office.  We could paint it white.  Call it, I dunno, the White House.
why is Melania still in NYC, then. She should be concerned about the expense too.
They do not want to pay for you being there either. Stay in the White House #puppet
Why don't you stop wasting tax payer's $$ and work out of WH? The home of POTUS!!
Why don't you stay at the White House? Ah that's right, it's for real Presidents! #FakePOTUS
Your office is in Washington, D.C. Did you get lost or do you just enjoy squandering tax payer money advertising your resorts?
the reason is because you can charge the American taxpayers money to stay at a property that you still own. Stop the lying
Why not stay in Washington?  No golf courses?
No you LIAR! Your using my tax dollar in an attempt to increase the profile of your properties. And we're not falling for it. 

@senatedems
Here is an idea - what about the White House?  Try to stay there for a while.
You know what is disruptive? Looking at Twitter and posting something every hour. Please stop tweeting, you're scaring a lot of us.
Bullsh%t..........we know why you are staying there
Says the guy who's wasting taxpayer money hand over fist on golfing and your own resort... which you're profiting from! #ShameOnYou
What a big lie.
Yuh huh. Plus, Manhattan hates you. #sad!
Why not the White House?  you do know that you are supposed to live and work there right?
How about staying at the White House? For a CHANGE!!!
Liar, Secret Service is already there. How about not vacationing every week? Heard members @ Trump National complained about no POTUS access
Since when do u worry abt spending txpayers money?
Why don't you stay at White House
if you really wanted to save us some money you would stay at the White House for a change. And move your family there.
No, only reason is so you can golf & hold secret meetings with foreign dictators.
Who cares what Coward Chump does!
Why you're so hateful!!! This President is trying to do a better job in this place you live in...move out if you're unhappy.
Stay in DC. Much Cheaper than NJ, NY, or FL! 
DO YOUR EFFING JOB!
#FakePresident
You need to stay at the White House
Why not just stay in the WH where you should be conducting business??!!
I understand completely!!
And you make money off it too, just left that out huh.
Stay at the White House!!
and stop wasting our taxpayer dollars for something they know is not true and just giving their constituents lip service. Dems, get a grip
Thank you Mr. President for thinking of us taxpayers.  Now, if only the dems would do the same and get off that Trump/Russian collusion
Meetings!
Come on @POTUS it was for the profit, the marketing, and the taxpayer funded golf get away.  #trumprussia @SecretService #treason
Stay at the WH in DC! I'm tired of paying for your trips with my tax $.
FvC, how are you able to lie so much with putin's cock in your mouth? Must be because all you do is lie...
Keep up the good work and don't let morons get you down
it's much much cheaper for the American taxpayer for you to stay in Washington.
That's what slaves built a big house in DC for, so you can luxuriate without wasting everyone's time & money. Stay home & do your job. Sad!
If that really concerns you then stop going to Florida to golf a lot and work a little on our dime. Do what's right for the people,
Plus NYC officials will only hurt you drain the swamp of Sanctuary City and their judges
