That would be the last legitimate president of the United States, Don. Next question?
" Flexibility" ... You know, I've heard Obama likes to swing both ways?
Interesting company you keep.
"Keep?"
Ah. Not so good with English expressions?
Share your great wisdom?
With you? No. Get some better instruction.

A guy who finished college, inherited nothing, pays his taxes, never had to pay $25m for education fraud, stood up for NATO, instituted sanctions against Putin that you refuse to enforce for some reason & is still with his first wife? https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/838353481526312961 …
A WAY WAY WAY WAY BETTER MAN AND PRESIDENT.
Enact Russian Sanctions 
Putin's Puppet
Well, to be fair, the tangerine twatwaffle is 100% rectum... (rancid guts lol)


Who is it that accepted Putin's help win the election?

#putinsbitch
It was you wasn't it?

SERIOUSLY! Playing golf in Florida AGAIN!!!!
Obama?
I don't know, one of your people? Even if the answer is Hillary I wouldn't be mad.
Donnie, going after Obama isn't gonna work out well for you man, let it go
isn't it interesting that only the people lacking prudence are just waiting for you to tweet...no morals
Just focus on your own issues. Stop deflecting. #GrowUp
Donald, tell us. You're the self proclaimed expert on everything, except of course, your own self worth.
The thing is, when YOU'RE president, things that PAST prez did or didn't say doesn't give you a free pass.
#ROC @TWCNewsROC
u are our president of the greatest nation today..twitting this shit is not going to make America great!!
That would be you or one of your gang - Kushner, Manafort, Tillerson, Sessions, Flynn, Stone. #russiagate
...armed with confidence in God and the unshakable stupidity of the voting citizenry... Adolf Hitler
this has to be a trick question
LOL 
You're in way over your head, Donald. Sorry I ever voted for you. You're an embarrassment to the country.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends - I'm a military veteran and I agree 100 percent. - Impeach POTUS.
who secretly worked with the Russians 2 rig elections? u r trying very hard 2 misdirect. It will not work.
Ooo...ooo.. I know this one! #ToolatetobeknownasObamathefirstsuretobeknownasObamatheworst !
was it you? One of your evil entourage? Regarding sanctions?
Obama
watching the collapse of the 4th reich is awesome, unfortunately it affects my country.
it was Obama blissfully unawares on a hot mic
you really are special. Truly a special kind of CRAZY
Still getting your news from @FoxNews ? And now getting ur intelligence from @foxandfriends ! Will crystal balls be next?
Are you on the potty again, Donnie?
ummm, ok I'll play along. I'll say you
How soon we so conveniently forget. Selective forgetting! Isn't that right, Obama? Clinton? Billy Clinton?
Are you admitting that you were too stupid to have your Security regularly sweep Tower for taps?
Go back on your meds, the safety of the free world depends on it! #So-CalledPresident #TimeToGrowUp
YOU?
President Trump rule of law or fairness means nothing to them. Be tuff&strong keep going.
it was me. I DID IT.
The Democrats shamed our country by not honoring a widow whose husband died in war a few weeks ago.. Ashamed
Can you imagine the widow of this man and these Democrats act as if they are too good to honor you
it's a shame to have people like that.. I don't care if U are a dem, rep, or whatever, you are a human being
President Bannon?
if they said it to the Russian president, they wouldn't say "tell Vladimir"
Mr. President,  I support you 100%
We the people who put you in office are praying for you and your admin.
Let it go man. Eat a snickers & then ensure our clean water & air.....
He doesn't care about the environment, or anything really except $$.
Correct, he recently signed a bill allowing the dumping of mining waste I believe into water table areas. Our drinking water. Really?
So you can spell "Vladimir", but are stumped over the word "Tap" ?  #trumprussia
didn't know we had so many useless teachers on here..did u ever think the extra P was for something else??
and what would that be?
Are you saying 45 purposely misspelled the word tap for a deeper meaning? Conspiracy!
how did he misspell tap, he said tapped..that's not misspelling that's correct teacher

You are CORRECT! Give that man a prize!!
LOL You should have started a go fund me page first!
YES! Time to lash out HARD by going on Twitter to ask RHETORICAL QUESTIONS!
I mean whoever did this (not pointing any fingers, but it was that OBAMA guy) is TREMBLING WITH FEAR right now!
He'll be like: OMG Michelle, they found out that thing from a couple of years ago! The thing that everyone KNEW already!
And now the ONLY LEGITIMATE POTUS (born in the United States, hint, hint!) is pointing it out to the whole world!
What's that Obama guy going to do? He probably wishes his WIRETAPP had helped him foresee this DRAMATIC TURN OF EVENTS!
I mean Obama, seriously: just stick a fork in him - he is DONE! We'll take care of him right after we take care of ARNOLD!
Stupid Schwarzenegger destroying one of our many gifts to the world - the show where we said YOU'RE FIRED 100 times!
Only to then say YOU'RE HIRED and take the most qualified person we had FIRED to the White House! SO PRESIDENTED!
And who was it that secretly bent under Russian President? 

Hmm I'm going to need a hint. Was he being blackmailed with a Peepee Tape?
google blame shifting
Some traitor on your campaign?
Sir @realDonaldTrump India is a friend nation. Why is USA attacking it with Aadhaar? A nuke destroys a city. Aadhaar destroys whole country.
.@realDonaldTrump Offense is best defense? India got too high GDP for USA deep state's liking? Or just want a failed state to use on China?
Well I tweet @realDonaldTrump almost every day. Maybe several times a day. https://twitter.com/langdatyagii/status/838373584250761216 …
.@langdatyagii So that excuse is lame. He @realDonaldTrump is the @POTUS now. Accountable for whatever mayhem USA causes to India.
just got to know websites inside Raj Govt offices needs Aadhar to get access from its employees. Without it, you can't work
.@manishsharmatnt They should fight it instead of being sheep.
Bhai... Collector khud Aadhar banwane gaya hau Aaj... Wo so hi rahe hai... Kuchh na Kar rahe...
.@manishsharmatnt That's because useless parties like @AamAadmiParty not spreading awareness to #DestroyTheAadhaar .Only aam nagrik like me.
Don Junior?
The guy who placed sanctions on Putin and Russia but nice try.
Who was it that ran on a platform of "lock her up" and then upon getting elected basically said "You guys didn't really believe I was gonna do that did you? I mean I was just saying it for show."
See? You can play politics too.
Probably the last valid president who was staring your Russian-created ignominious so-called presidency in the face.
That was you.
What are you secretly telling Russia?
And it was Obama administration who sanctioned Russian intelligence officials, expelled 35 Russian diplomats suspected of being spies and shut down two Russian facilities in the United States.
Who was it who hasn't implemented sanctions   who was it whose son said almost all our money comes from Russia   who was it who met with Russian oligarchs and didn't allow the American media in   who was it who hired Rex Tillerson because Putin ordered him to
who's currently bending over for Putin every chance he gets? Hint: what # comes after 44

You will never reach the 1 million mark for liked tweets. Obama does it every time! Wouldn't you like to be as popular as Obama?
Maybe if you offer him his next wife....
is BFF with Putin @foxandfriends
Quit fighting fire with fire. You are smarter than that. You'd like to kick there A but that won't work.
The Dems cozied up to Putin @ every chance! HRC Brokered Uranium deal as Obama set 20 Mil in Gold to Iran??
Please consult a reliable source of information on Uranium one - the rest of the world has long since debunked this stupid conspiracy theory
Obamanation
"Thou shall not use the name of thy Lord Obama in vain" - Genesis 20
That would have been the Kenyan
It wasn't secrete and could have soooo many meanings! I'm sure it was innocent. If it were u tho...
Barry Soros
Oh who, WHO?!?  Was it you?  Flynn? Prez Bannon?!
That is right Mr President and the MSM never has said anything about it.
You.
I'd bet it was you trump. Don't pass the buck, just live with yourself.

John Miller, PR Guy:
jerk
Barack on hot mic !! Very deceptive and UnAmerican policies !!
Just tell us that you have Alzheimer's so we can feel sorry for you and you can resign with dignity.
A president who relies on conspiracy media rather than his intelligence community for intel? Please stop.
that was that sly EXPres Obama Get him of Politics forever he doesn't have our country's best interest
@BringtheFlag @foxandfriends Some community organizer I believe. #LetsMAGA
the most corrupt administration intent on destroying America.Thankful God answered the prayers of His people
You? #ImpeachTrump
You ??
Who is it that owes Russia LOTS of money?
must have been Hillary
You
Was to Melania?
A POTUS who was respected both nationally and internationally. So, not you.
you will never be the President that Obama was!   Never!
God I hope not.
Pull ur head out of ur ass & pay attention (no, not by watching Faux News) to what this WH Admin is doing, please
Tillerson told Valdimir he will have more flexibility to push the 500 billion dollar deal Obama had stopped
I heard you were the one that told him. Well, someone from your administration leaked it...
@allen_hooper @foxandfriends.  Three words:  2012
Who was it who told the KGB to bring more hookers to piss on the bed? Ah. That was you, Donny. Creeper. Liar
in other news, the white house is learning how to pronounce 'dossier' this week!
next they will learn "ruse" and how to fly a seasplane ;)
Lassie come home!!!
let me guess...it was you?
#slumlord
Who cares! You ARE the prez! Doesn't  truth matter? Grow up! #factsmatter #alternativefact #resist #notmypresident #noban
#learntoliebetter
probably you Donald Trump
how do we get a copy of that footage?
Our inept ex-President said it, Democrats ignored it.  These mindless morons are dysfunctionally gullible.
yeah, wonder who is right!!!  It's a shame he didn't move out of state after he left the WH.  Go figure.  :(
#TreasonousTrump! DONALD JOHN TRUMP, THE TURD. Did I guess right?
Who was it that openly said, before the election, hey vladimir, please hack my opponent's emails?
@smartvalueblog @foxandfriends Democrats diversion tactic to divert from the last eight years of their criminality.
?????? You've lost it Trump. Resign!
go after Barry S. & his phony birth certificate, #LOCKHIMUP
Obama said that!!!
oh my god calm down weirdo
probably eric, don jr, paul manafort, michael flynn, jared kushner, & so many  connected with your campaign
- hint: the person was, when he said it, the POTUS (so allowed to conduct foreign policy of behalf of U.S.).
Obama is the one who should be investigated
YOU!!
The corrupt HRC @HillaryClinton #HillaryForJail
That would be former president Obama. Did the far left forget that or chose to ignore it?
wasn't secretly was on hot Mike like u had w Billy bush except obama wasn't a sexual predator like u
#DishonestCorruptUnfit
why does people like trump??
Quit deferring… They r NOT the person(s) in question here, trusted to lead the entire country. #IWD
you?
exactly leftist
You.  We know Fox is trying to cover for your Russian ties and collusion.  RELEASE YOUR TAXES!!
you are 70.  How flexible can you be?
So damn true, this is so corrupt, unbelievable, how did America come to this!! I'm behind you all the way Mr. President!!!
You.
Real News
At which point do you Costals realize mocking we Fly-overs is fatal? Cannibalism's neurualogical.
ok... I'll take the bait, who was it? BTW - not Presidential.
- Clinton campaign manager Robbie Mook admits on Fox President Elect Trump was WIRETAPPED!
nice diversion tactic Donald. Not buying it. He didn't fall in love with Putin like you have.
It was Barrack Hussein Obama!
He said it privately, not secretly.
yo momma
do you realize how insane you sound? #lunatic
The people all forget the corruption of Obama and his cronies!!!
#ANOTHERLIE
Since when is it a crime to talk about prospects for future cooperation with the goal of a better world?
A real traitor!!
When you watch FAKE NEWS you get FAKE FACTS
