You have the presidency, both houses of congress, and a right leaning SCOTUS. You could FIX EVERYTHING. #mondaymotivation
But no.
This is you, every weekend.
Fighting ISIS with a 9 iron.
#MondayMotivation
At the #Seattle #MarchForTruth, we all wrote you love letters.
You can expect it later this week.
#MondayMotivation
More photos from the #Seattle #MarchForTruth
#mondaymotivation
Not one of the tens of thousands of #MarchForTruth protestors was paid.
#MondayMotivation
150+ cities
in 45 states
in 6 countries
Not ONE arrest.
Not ONE instance of violence.
#MarchForTruth
http://marchfortruth.info 
Trump says that we're all "paid protestors".
RT if you were NOT PAID to #MarchForTruth.
Let him know.
Don't think he's not listening.
He is.

That's a stretch. The Senate can't confirm people Trump hasn't nominated
Amazing. Of 559 key positions requiring Senate confirmation, President Trump has formally nominated only a few https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/?tid=a_inl … 
The list....
...is...
...long
Here's a better look, the yellow are the positions w no appointment
Source: http://www.afsa.org/appointments-donald-j-trump …
Question, could you please explain the difference between a career appointment and a political one? I don't quite understand that piece
Sure, it's a reference to whether the appointee is a political (usually a friend or donor to the President) or a career diplomat
Oh honey you sound like my 5 year old niece "I want" "I Want" Put your big boy pants on honny your pussy is showing.
Obama had 8 long years of GOP obstruction. you even stole his high court seat because of it. Grow a pair and stop whining sweetpea.
Put merrick garland in his rightful seat & the DEMS might oblige u 45. See it works this way "You give & you take" Not: i want i want and FU
Most of your administration picks are hideous disasters sweetie, could be one possible reason.
At-least u got to approve Vladrom Putrol as the new head of the FBI without the need of DEMS annoyin obstruction. Hows he working out for u?
Just sayeen!
Sieg heil #fuhrer trump, The aryan brotherhood is going to love! u when ur locked away for ur crimes. They love! flabby butted orange boys.
TRUMP WILL NOT BE STOPPED
GET OVER IT LIBERALS. YOU LOST
TRUMP IS HELPING AMERICA
CNN IS DESTROYING AMERICA
LIBERALS AND DEMOCRATS ARE ACTING VERY UN-AMERICAN
Need a hug, sweetcheeks?
Need a brain?
trump hasnt nominated anyone. THATS why no ones getting approved. but of course you didnt know that
It's sad that a man who has access to more information than anyone else in the US has to watch TV to get his information.
You have a majority House and Senate and you can't do anything. So don't blame Dems. Don't blame Libs...blame yourself.
He can't.  That's part of his mental illness.
Ummm whose running the country? It appears he is placed in front of the tv so someone else Bannon can get their agenda done?
Hahaha!!! Like when my kids were little and I just needed to get a shower in. 
The real MVP response ^^^^right there!
Lol, thx! Happy Monday!
BREAKING NEWS:

NOMINEES & APPOINTMENTS OF REAL HUMANS NEED TO BE MADE BEFORE THEY CAN BE APPROVED

THEY NEED TO BE REAL PEOPLE
Who tweets at fox and friends? Our president is whack.
Haha-You cant see what he's doing? So much strategy w/key messages. Haters thrown/mad they can't decode. Tweeting Pres = sign of times.
He's an idiot in idiot's clothing.
She thinks his insanity is a strategy...
If you think it's insanity...you don't get the strategy. Clarity is tainted by constant hate & triggered offense.
Nothing you're saying means anything. He's a delusional little man.
Of course it doesn't, because I'm different than you. I think, believe & act differently, so my words & existence is are meaningless to you.
Look at your instant likes on a tweet that says, "Nothing you say means anything." This is tolerance? Belittling other humans gets cheers.
oh, but I think it's Trump that's the problem.
if you'd like explain how Trump isn't the problem I'd be happy to listen.
I know, sweet poops. If only your party controlled the Senate. Oh....
Yep. That's not Dems job.
Are we sure Trump is aware of that? Maybe Dems should help him out and nominate people for him. 
They would need to say things like "Obama would never nominate this guy" then he would nominate whoever it was immediately.
Not a bad idea.
and an easy hustle.
But don't forget to compliment him first. You're So Much smarter than Obama. He'd Never nominate (name). 
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Praying that he resigns.
Trump is the least religious president in recent years. Makes me laugh they all think he is! Talk about sheep!
Frank Luntz: have you asked God for forgiveness?
Trump: no, I don't think I have.

Unrepentant Christian=antichrist
Gee, if he never asked forgiveness for cheating on his first wife, then in god's eyes, aren't Marla and Melania adulterous harlots?
Pretty much.
I thought his first wife turned into a pillar of salt?
No, she just signed a vigorous prenup and non-disclosure agreement.
Just one thing: for some positions, including FBI Director, nobody has been nominated by Trump. So there's nothing to confirm.
And for the rest, there's a process to be followed so that incompetent people don't land in leadership positions.
Too many have, already.
Simple Senate majority is all that's needed for approval. Sounds like Trump thinks Dems control the Senate. #25thamendment
Sounds like the buffoon hasn't figured out twitter does govern or nominate  people ! Maybe we should write the names on golf balls!
If he's in full meltdown mode w/ all GOP control can u imagine the fireworks when Dems take congress back 
Can't take that this Fck show and cult rallies is fools is enough! The orange babbling liar , lying to the stupid
Maybe they are EXTREME VETTING them after you have picked several Russian spies. Can't be too safe you know.
Your judgement has not been so great with your picks so far, what with firing the honest ones and hiring the crooks like AG Sessions.
Don't you have any more extended family members to appoint to these positions? What about the forgotten daughter...Tina, Timmy, Tiffany?
Maybe they are holding off because you will be impeached soon and we can let the real president pick. One not so stuck on a Travel Ban.
You fired Comey to obstruct justice #OBSTRUCTIONIST

You also asked Rogers to discredit the FBI #OBSTRUCTIONIST

#MAGA! 
Follow me if you support our @POTUS
One day you may open your eyes and deeply regret supporting him
They (and we) likely won't survive the nuclear war and/or intense climate change.
If there is a nuclear war, they may have time to regret it.

Climate change isn't killing anyone here soon, but their children will suffer
Good point. Too long of a signal delay for climate change to be obvious enough for them.
Yeah that's what's particularly awful about it
If only there were experts who could link up the evidence...
Lock her up... oh, wait. Make Mexico pay for the wall... oh, wait. No cuts to medicaid... oh, wait. You got cucked.
But.. But those emails thoo
You haven't even submitted a fraction of the open positions for approvals. You are endangering our national security.
He is endangering our brain cells every time he opens his fucking mouth
Now he has a taste of what Obama went through every time he tried to get something through Congress.  The Party of No is contagious.
Bullshit! Obama is perceptive of what happens to him. Trump can't detect anything that isn't lathered on him by Fox fucking News
Republicans control all of Congress and the White House.  There shouldn't be a problem for his getting nominations okayed.
Except he hasn't made nominations for the vast majority of open positions.
Well that's really it isn't it?  He's been taking flak for having all of these open positions, so he has to blame SOMEBODY for his inaction.
He should name his golf balls and blame them. It would make more sense.
It’s 9:30. Stop watching TV and go to work.
And so should you and if you are at work what r u on twitter for. Twit. The guy works 10 to 1 of you hours
I'm on Twitter right now. Does that mean I don't have a job too?
#Cult45 !
#cult45
Or #cult45 Malt liquor
That's good  but shouldn't a #Cult45 drink be Kool-aid??? 
442—No nominee
15—Awaiting nomination
63—Formally nominated
39—Confirmed

those are the facts donald 
you lie - you lie - you lie 
#go2jail
Old Man Tweets at Cloud" instead of actually nominating ppl for Administration vacancies. @POTUS priorities TV>Work
Golf then TV then reward himself with two scoops of ice cream,then twitter then work (those EOS write themselves, but don't sign themselves)
But he has to settle for WH chocolate cake w/that ice cream. Sad! #MarALago- so far away!
You know what it is like when the oldies have their routines all messed up. Hope they packed all his medication for the day
#Trump appointed @CallyGingrich to be Ambassador to the Vatican. What are her qualifications?
She is married to #NewtGingrich?  Only qualification necessary for mobster .@realDonaldTrump
She wanted to spend 4 yrs in Italy on tax payers dime
Trying to get away from Newt.
Mr. President if you’re looking for someone to blame, you need to look in the mirror. Look at the numbers: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/?tid=a_inl …
Another useless tweet, Senator. How about telling us your plan to curb terror? Or your plan to reduce our 20 trillion in debt?
Don't worry Mr. President. They'll get approved. Dems can't stop it because Republicans have the numbers. They are just being petty.
He hasn't nominated anyone!!!!
Not even an FBI director while ISIS is on the rampage.
Lmao at this clown show.
63. LOL indeed

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
I hope you understand that your link invalidates your point.
He doesn't.
So he hasn't even nominated over 400 positions?  He can't find enough loyalist
Lawyers are running away from the prospect of DOJ positions. They want no part of it.
Not one credible politician wants to be associated with this shitshow.

Love this! You might be adding a fews more pics after Comey's testimony this Thursday.
Uh in case you were unaware of the government you run, Republicans control both House & Senate. Ur own party isn't passing them.
When calling someone an idiot, you might want to spell * you're * correctly 
& YOU'RE a troll with a fake pic 
pick out word opposing to learn about the government works lil snowflake
Cat down sweet upside pancake burger hyphen. I can string random words together too.
Wendy is the shittiest bot I've seen so far.
I'm pretty sure the GOP has control of the house, senate and the presidency, so whomever told you the dems did it is probably lying.
Truly - how is this still the Dems fault if full control of the government is in GOP hands. Seems a bit snowflake-esque. Is he triggered?
Not even that. He's just lying here: he just hasn't appointed anyone. House can't approve nonexistent appointees.
Sorry, Senate.

who is the artist? This is awesome
David Rowe.
thanks!
You're a liar and your bar here is the smallest.

Newsflash - he doesn't drink
True (and I'm very much not a «MAGA» guy)
Why would he need to? He's already in an alternate reality.
1. Cassandra Butts.
2. Tweeting at Fox demanding approvals is DJT's most transparent act yet.
Instructions for the state run media.
You know you haven't nominated ambassadors for dozens of posts. Including U.K.? Do you, in fact, know this?
He knows he needs to nominate something or other,  but he's tired from playing so much golf.
Watching Fox News? Are you having your daily brief from them?
And, right on cue, the fake verified account with 3k followers. Congrats.
Why thank you.
What a BIG word!
Here's also a Big word and it's the truth:  ERICHMcElROYisACUCK
Add it to @MerriamWebster
Well that's democracy. Pls do your best not to erase it.
"Trump has not named anyone to lead the TSA, which screens people at airports" http://politi.co/2rr3gcM  @gop #maga #TrumpTrain @TomPerez
He's just stirring up his 15 million fake followers.
Right?! This tweet is meant to give his order to his state run media (Fox) abt the newest talking point, rile up his base and activate bots!
Well I want you to go fuck yourself, but we can’t all get what we want can we Donny?

You fucking laundry hamper.
Laundry hamper... I just spit coffee all over my phone, lmao! 
he’s just full of shitty underwear
So very true 
You need to appoint people for those positions!  What have you done so far?? Still waiting for you to do something presidential!
Can't approve fake nominations. Maybe work on picking some people instead of tweeting more fake news.
Here's some light reading for...um...oh wait I forgot--not your thing, apologies! http://tinyurl.com/y8wmlspn 

Another fraudulently verified nobody with 8k followers.

I also want approval
Granted.
Thank you @POTUS KEEP PUSHING AND PUTTING #AmericaFirst 

Welcome to the last 8 years.
Exactly. This is how it feels. Honestly, why doesn't he just get on with it? Oh. Yes, I forgot. Incompetence.
His hashtag game needs work tho.
Only reason I want Trump to play hashtag games so he becomes addicted and quit being president to play
Yeah that's because ALL of your proposals are bigly batshit crazy.
There's nothing to obstruct. Of the 559 key positions that need senate approval, 442 still have no nominees.
False. They can't be approved if they're not nominated. Work weekends instead of golfing.

and cake.  Donnie want cake!  And Ivanka.  Donnie want Ivanka!
They're a little busy with your own cover-up. #ComeyIsAPatriot #ImpeachTrump #RussiaGate #TrumpRussia @funder @maddow @Impeach_D_Trump
They can't approve people you haven't nominated or vote against legislation you have yet to create. You've been too busy tweeting + golfing
Were you stamping your feet at the last bit?
Want cookie. Want ice cream. Want new tricycle. Want travel ban. Want bad healthcare.  Want pretty women. Want meat and ketchup. #trumpwants
.@realDonaldTrump .@foxandfriends Perhaps you could try nominating them. Otherwise it's difficult for Dem's OR Republic to approve them.
@realDonaldTrump 
 #FreeKevinTrudeau
The Dems resist movement is the best thing could've happened
For conservatives, DEMS and REPUBLICANS
What is he saying?
The minority party has always "obstructed" the majority party. It's what parties do. Quit whining.
Oh no it's the fake news media riding waves of conspiracy! #lmao #surf #FakeNewsMedia
Liar! You are too busy tweeting from the crapper to actually know that this is YOUR issue.
@RNRWashDC @foxandfriends - Publish the list of names, positions and time of submission.  Make it real.
, most of them are dead in the middle of the act of espionage!  Anything to put another  Obama in office!!
@KellyannePolls  true. As you showed earlier in tweet.
nominate US Attorneys! You have yet to nominate ANY!
Okay, sure and you never have done anything like that before right? Maybe they just want Ummmm, IDK, sane and qualified people on the job.
That's because of the incompetent bunch of rich guys U appointed. U drained the swanp and put them all on your cabinet & they keep resigning
BS there are only a handful of nominations waiting for approval over 400 nominations needing approval have not been named.
Do we need more in the judical openings? Who do we need N place to help work through those who stall, block, obstruct work to be done N gov?
Trump...testifying under oath with videos of false statements & lies is a problem:
Try nominating some. And go on a diet.
YOU are the PROBLEM and we know it!!
where was the outrage when the Democrats dealt with this for the past 8 years?
The Dems have nothing to do with approving your picks.  GOP has a majority in both houses.  Must be the GOP. Or you.
NO ONE WANTS TO APPLY FOR THE POSITIONS TRUMP HAS OPEN!! DJT HASN'T HIRED. DEMS CAN'T HOLD UP PEOPLE WHO DON'T EXIST! NO APPLICANTS SAYS LOT
they are just using your 'extreme vetting' procedures 
And the overwhelming majority of the world wants your impeachment. #Resist #thispussyisnotforgrabs
Cry baby!
Obama wants friendship with Cuba and witch hunts with Russia , selective - Red Scare
So true Sir
Obstructionists...Kind of like your guys who tried to block every item Obama supported during the previous eight years, yes?  
ah talking of obstruction  -  has the Donald yet  submitted his tax returns yet ?
You haven't even nominated anyone for some 490 out of 600 positions! Sounds like there aren't a lot of people who want to work for you! Sad!
@ABC @CBS @NBCPolitics Talk about FAKE NEWS, U don't need even one Democrat to confirm your appointments. Yell at Ur Republican Senators!
Um, Mr. President.  I support you, but you're not surfacing any nominees, hence no action.  Everyone you approach declines.  Fix that.
I thought the GOP was in control now...I thought that was the plan in Nov. Could be wrong tho. =/  dems work a plan, why can't GOP?
Called checks and balances and you run Congress at least I thought (majority is republican)
Oh, shut up
I have heard that it is mitch McConnell who is the hold up... not democrats..per rep Joe manchin...you have a majority and Mitch ctrl schedu
They should have taken longer on the people already approved. Looks like their are few things we should have known about before.
LOL it's funny that you of all people would label any group or person obstructionist. @realDonaldTrump
@JoyAnnReid @CapehartJ @jheil 
AltAdmins signing "deals" = birds&fish eating plastic chips. makes base FEEL full.
But starves them 2Death
Does baby want his approvals?
Just  continue 2 do the  great  job u r doing everything  will come
Where are you?  No tweets this AM?  Lol!  Pee pee pants city for you today.  :)
We want a functioning Federal government. Guess we'll all be disappointed.
LIAR
It's just incredible how unethical & unfair they are. They can't see that's killing their party, that ppl getting wiser. Shameful for USA
You do realize that you have to actually appoint people to those postions before they can be approved.
You must be too busy golfing.
how this man continues to do what he does best- LIE-. The pathological liar that he is.
You might want to try staying away from the golf course and actually look at some people to nominate!You're the most ineffective Pres ever!!
Someone should calculate the amount of tax payer dollars these obstructionists are wasting!  Then lock them up for fraud.
Your to busy deflecting and defending the fact that your a traitor to our country to nominate anyone
Apparently, no one wants to work for you. For example, #Sessions. And you know what he knows!
Thats the Truth!
Alot of those positions you don't even have a nominee and of course its going to be slow if you keep picking unqualified people for the jobs
You, sir, are a LIAR.
LOVE IT. THEY SHOULD KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!
Publish the list of appointees being blocked so we can contact out Senators. Oh wait.  Republicans have a MAJORITY -you haven't made appts.
They don't care about America they are paid by the new world order. Criminals.
No one wants to work for you.
Nobody wants to serve you  quit embarrassing the country  stop the excuses go back to NY..loser
You have the DOJ start making them feel the pain you know they're crooked
Who gives a fuk what you want.  We want Obama back. R we going to get it? No. Grow the hell up & quit acting like a 2 year old.
Leaned from the Republican party
We want a special inquiry into the continued obstruction by Congressional democrats!  They are deliberately putting this Nation at risk!
Can we go back and get the GOP for the same for 8 years with Obama? #askingforafriend
you may be going for murder too if something happens to Comey we know you're capable of it, it's going down!
US govt is not a corporation w/u as boss. U are not learning fast are u? Count to 10 and hold u're breath, let it out slowly. Start over.
"Akexa, how do you spell obstructionist?" #TrumpAsksAlexa
forgets that he has 2 #nominate people 2 positions before they can B confirmed. 2 busy #golfing or stupid?
 #YouDecide
Want approvals Mommy! Howled the giant orange manchild, beating his tiny fists on the floor and kicking his feet.
has roughly 1,100 top-tier positions to fill across the admin. & so far, you've nominated only 111. It's you, not Dems
You have 31 million followers but only 37K liked this tweet. That's a "like" rating of 0.1%. Bots? (Nominate people 1st, idiot.)
Thats because they are colluding with corrupt outside entity's to try to take you down! Keep doing what your doing. May God be with you!
Did they give you a list of positions you still don't have nominees for?

Dems can't approve people you haven't nominated yet.
crybaby
So someone has hijacked Ryan's Twitter account
Dems. are ignoring us citizens as they are NOT doing their jobs. So WRONG!!! Dems are focused on hurting our President = Dems Suck!!!
Dude your high no one is doing that
Good one 
You have majorities in both houses. Go grab a bottle you big baby.
OK, now stomp your feet up and down, roll around on the floor while screaming "I want approvals" Maybe that will help.
life is so hard for you @realDonaldTrump! your whiny attitude is at least not a surprise. your tiny hands aren't your only infantile feature
Welcome to politics. What the fuck were you expecting?
One, how many people have declined your invitations to serve, and two you are the biggest obstructionist to getting these positions filled.
I wonder why?  LOL
It is so obvious that you spend all day reading newspapers because I can tell by your tweets what article you are responding to. Pathetic
Time to take responsibility for your actions&stop blaming everyone else!
If you could find anyone who actually wants to work for you, they might be able to vote on them. Stop blaming others for your failings!
You sound like verukah salt. I want I want I want. Spoiled brat
Where is it that nominations are made. The lawyers were all fired and no replacements and Ambassadors to countries not nominated.
