The Tax Cuts are for the rich, Health Care is death sentence for pre existing. You need resign. You are humiliating internationally
There was an act of terrorism in the UK today, but by all means carry on as if nothing has happened. No beards were involved.
Resign
Oh my GOD you suck so completely, Donnie...
@HouseGOP & Senate @GOP know what the ACA problems are but willing not FIX ACA because they have to REPEAL ACA for rich donor tax cuts
Focus on important things: bomb Mecca.
The Democrats are the only ones working to prevent 51 million from being uninsured.
#POTUSBully
Twee da lee da lee tweet tweet tweet
Tax cuts? The dems want to see poor and middle class families benefit from change and your "tax cuts" don't do that, do they? No, they don't
Um, no
Dismantle the DNC they are not fit to be in government affairs/ they can't be trusted/ majority Americans!!
I think you'd like a 100% increase in P. Because of the tiny hands, ya know.
Please get the Republicans on board to get this damn thing moving and tax reform. They r Slow as can be certainly not on your pace
It is now or never re: tax cuts, tax reform,border security,removal illegal aliens/ visas overstays from our country...limited immigration
Tax cuts for billionaires? No thanks.
TrumpCare? What a joke. No thanks.
Border wall? Muslim ban? No thanks.
POS POTUS? No thanks. 
Buh bye.
Yes, we don't think your rich friends need a tax cut, your wall is a joke, and "Trumpcare" will eliminate insurance for 24 million.
#Resist
More shit talk.
.@DaveWeasel Are you talking about traitor @BarackObama? Use the toilet paper to clean his mess!Great idea!
You can't even keep your shit together. Stop tweeting and start leading. You're a continued disgrace.
MORE LIES!  If anyone believes this tweet than you  seriously don't need to vote.
There'll be an increase in P's ? I'm hearing the same chatter. Brace for it!
Good health care is killing the sick and old, tax cuts to the 1%, and border security when ever attack on US soil this year is born here....
...we need to have stronger gun laws. More background checks for violent criminals and the mentally ill #trumprussia #trumpcare #obstruction
Stop TWEETING and DO YOUR JOB!!!!!!!!!  @cnn @msnbc @David_Gergen @MariaTCardona @ananavarro
Your healthcare is a joke. The tax cuts are only for the rich and not the middle class. Oh by the way did you know that 7 sailors died?
Speak in complete sentences: The dems want to stop tax cuts to the rich  and very rich like you and your family.
They are a bunch of sabotagers !!  Knuckleheads !!
It's dead cuz the Republicans and u did nothing to fix it.   Then u want to give people crap health insurance.
No. We want tax cuts for the common person, not your wealthy elite. We want exceptional healthcare! Not what you're proposing.
you're an international embarrassment
FAKE NEWS, STILL NO BILL!
Fl.won't offer medicaid to those folks who earn $13k..Fl givesyou an insur & fine waiver if you can't affordACAdepriving you of coverage.
Your health care is "mean", a tax break for the 1% and you are taking hard working mothers and fathers from their children. VoteOssoff!
No.

“@LorenceHud: @realDonaldTrump  ” EVERYONE MUST SEE THIS VIDEO and please RT to everyone@seanhannity @BretBaier 
many prayers for this young man Lorence Hud, You are always in my thoughts and prayers
Why did you delete your tweet about your lawyer visiting your safe space sweetie?
Not enough of his Trumpkins were awake to comment tremendous bigly support.
Don't be demeaning, these are your fellow citizens you are talking about, good hard working folks, kind hearted people.
U did not look past u're butt for making ACA better, u did not change drug $, due to u are invested in big pharma. I am a independent voter
Dems haven't even seen the HC bill. Talk to McConnell & his cronies about passing healthcare. The only tax cuts r for 4 rich.
VOTE #FlipThe6th #electjonOssoff #noAHCA it's mean. #investigate #trumpTeamCollusion #CoverUp #obstructionOfJustice Citizens 1st/Workers 2nd
Jesus is watching you. Thou shalt not bear FALSE WITNESS. Shame on YOU.
"Gosh darn dems. Get off my lawn" - The ramblings of mad man
Is repeal of AHA is done without a replacement well say HELLO. To medicare for ALL AMERICANS ESPECIALLY in Iowa:-)
If repeal of AHA is done by republicans with out replacement, than Iowa say hello to Medicare for all
Nat'l Law Journal: New member of Mueller's legal team appears to be fluent in Russian.  Studied in Russia particularly media and censorship
You must fire Mueller to end this Russia investigation so you can continue to rape America
Your Malignant Narcissistic mind wll crumble whn GOP members turn on u & let u knw how hated u r Waiting 4 Mueller 2 lock u up wl b harder.
The bigoted religious zealot Falwell Jr. believes DJT is like Churchill, war is salvation, creationism is science, and women are property.
No DEMS want coverage for all lower @PhRMA prices @GOP  bill drops 23mm from coverage want tax cuts for real folks not your billionaire buds
Tax cuts for wealthy shitty healthcare for us
No we don't we want affordable HC, not what u called "mean" last week, drumpfcare raises premiums as well or didn't some1 dumb it down 4 u?
People forget that thugs beat up citizens weekly in the streets; no jobs & no hope.  Only with POTUS are we safe.
Go Jon!!
you're suppose to be the president for ALL Americans! Quit trying to vilify and start trying to unify. #notmypresident
Wall please
We want to stop your incompetent, orange ass from doing MORE damage to America! You're a traitor, a coward, and a failure!
The Democrats want to give the poor the shirts off our back. I don't mind sharing but leave something to the hard working people of America
Their democratic name speaks 4itself of who they really r DEMO-C-RATS. Demo means unfinished see rats.Republic.public means 4 the people. 
why do u have 2 have dinners & lunches 2 discuss such important issues. R u putting something in the food
I don't want to.
Enough with the lying!
A vote for a Rethuglican is a vote against the common man.
Why don't you check into a psycho ward where you belong! You are far from normal- we need a sane leader for this country!
The very fact that you endorse someone is reason enough not to vote for them.  Now go to prison please.
We know you are sabotaging Obamacare, and thats why premiums are increasing.  LIAR!  Sad!
I want to know if congress is going to bind themselves to the healthcare they want to push on the country
Hii sir
Such a bs'er
If you kill it, yes it will die. Instead of killing it and hurting people, Make it better smart guy!
Syria. Can you please knock off the schoolyard tweeting and be president today. Please . This is serious . Remember , it's YOUR JOB!
Your full of it ,when America proves they hate it ,you will about face it to bump your approval .Americans are not dumb as you think.
Trump.Ur a sad man.Must hurt2feel so small.Ur silence on other violence is shameful.&your desire2follow hateful ways to separate is shameful
Wrong
You killed it. Border security is a farce and why not stop tax cuts for top 2%? Vote responsible not partisan
Yeah, the Dems r against tax cuts for the rich and taking food and support from women and children, I think they have a good point !
23 million with no healthcare under GOP and you call it good healthcare?   LIAR!!
Well he put enough money into her shit.
#TrumpRussia
I would never ever vote for anybody you recommend!
You sure lined your pocket with that one didn't you. You incredible monster.
Do you really believe this?!?!?
The Crook-in-Chiefs son...
I dont give two shits what his SON does. #supportYOURPOTUSorLEAVEtheCOUNTRY
@realDonaldTrump has lost all credibility. Does anyone even believe a word he says. What a losing liar   #GoOssoff
LOL "P"s... is that a reference 4 ur love of Russian Hooker Urine? #peepeetape #Liar #voteyourOssoff
VOTE ALL REPUBLICANS OUT!!! 2018!!!!
Lots have been done,I'm very pleased w/election for sure. I won't blame you for any obstruction in 20' no worries.
Are you high?
Lies, lies, lies. You're pathetic.
we have the power tax cuts a must push Donald
Please please please stop the tweeting and crude comebacks to MSM garbage! America's PRESIDENT is above this gutter talk!
We wish he was above this behavior, but today he proved again he is not. Disgusting behavior, very unPresidential.
@POTUS As opposed to the Pubes who seek tax relief 4 the #OSCENELYWEALTHY & have a #DISASTER for a health care plan. Vote 4 Alfred E Neuman
Good healthcare have you read it? It's mean!!
I assume this Karen H is a contestant on X-Factor you'd like to meet, & if she wins, one of her prizes is a chance to be groped by the CiC?
Donald no matter what you do,,they will always find fault.
Dems aren't in charge of border security. Potus & DHS are.
Democrats only want to stop tax cuts for the rich.
Sociopaths can use either exit in most situations but all of your doors are closing DJT .Your fantasy of the left saving you is just that.
If you lived in the real world of paying your debts, not suing at the drop of a hat and paying taxes you would fail and cry "it's so unfair"
Along with all other imbeciles who lack critical thinking . But first Ill set the stage . Are we all Gods children? Do we deserve happiness?
So how I am I suppose to pay for health care..... again!! I am not a Democrat or a republican! I am for who's doing for me
U only cut taxes for the top 10%, the rest are being raised on many fronts. U're healthcare makes sure only top 10% are able to afford it.
Looks like Trump care never will hit the ground. Now Putin, constantly having his hand in your pocket, thats what i want to know. Longmoney!
LIAR!

#Resist
You know, there are a lot of countries around the world you can move to that will welcome you with open arms if you're a special snowflake.  So...go there.  America was founded on principles, and we're trying to reinstate those very principles so that everyone can seek happiness.
Instead of prioritizing non-citizens above the rest.
You are the worst POTUS in History! You make me long for the days of George W. Bush! U don't even act human.
U r a mega pathological liar! U don't have a clue whats in the senate health care bill but u r doing your pathetic best to sabotage the ACA
Good job my President
Wanker
me give u money without myown。again for e erything except the dems
More lies. How do u sleep at night? Right, u don't. Devil owns ur soul & rest of Reps. Handel is horrible person like u, McConnell, & Ryan.
Lappen
You're beyond disgusting. This is how you want America to be? This is great? Your shitty kids being the example, America is in danger.
Stop lying.
Thought your healthcare bill was mean why do you want to elect someone that wants a mean bill
You are killing obamacare but trumpcare will be the death of your presidency
Show me the good healthcare.
Are you even paying attention? Get off the golf course you incompetent fool.
OMG. You don't even know what you are talking about. You probably don't even know where this is
You sir are a fascinating dichotomy (not a complement); u called the healthcare bill "mean"...let me guess, fake news
Here we go trump doing some more lying for some fucking Republican that he needs to get into office Go Bulldogs vote Dem
#VoteOssoff
A commander in chief that tweets is not presidential. Resign already we rather deal with President Pence
U called the house version of trumpcare mean. U have no idea what u r saying
cofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecovfefecovfefecovfefecovfefecov
"The Democrats want to stop...good healthcare?" You'll take coverage from 24 MILLION PEOPLE. #notaplan #trumpdestroyshealthcare
SPICEY DONT GO!!!!!
let's help...to the upper class; for the upper class; no they don't.  I think ACA is the law of the land that you continue to ignore.
Yes, those dems always wanting to help the rich. How can ObamaCare be both dead and have increases?  Please explain..
Not knowing much about politics I guess that you don't recall how obstructive the Republicans were when Obama tried to get things done.
Show us your tax returns Donald.
Tell that to idiots with no education and lackluster IQ-s.
You Democrats make me laugh you back up and support what you claim you are against Democratic party is the party of Oppression always have
Could be good to all sides instead of some and try to unite. Wanna be president or just wear the badge? I dare you to be great! Try harder.
We want a bill that covers all at affordable brices w/o the tax cut for the wealthy!!!!!!!!!!
You lie. I will be shocked if ever you utter the truth.
It was a great vicyory in Georgia!!
Show it to the public it
Only a FOOL would think he can fool all the people all the time &Trump is that FOOL along w some of his REPUB COHORTS
They are going to stop the theft of the Republicans robbing the voters
ACA is struggling because of the uncertainty from YOUR GOP.  Please tell the whole truth.  You're supposed to represent ALL Americans.
cofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecofevecovfefecovfefecovfefecovfefeco
You are the world's greatest liar. Congrats.
 Hey, Pinocchio, you lie!!
