THANKS OBAMA!


The past 2 weeks:
 Toys R Us plans to close all 700 US stores
 Claire's, at over 2,600 stores, plans bankruptcy
 Ann Taylor and related stores closing 400
…
Thank you Mr President!
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-03-09/u-s-consumer-comfort-reaches-decade-high-on-economic-optimism … ...

@RandallKraft
Evil demonrat...

#Makingamericagreatagain
@RandallKraft
@RandallKraft
@RandallKraft
Thank you OBAMA
OUTSTANDING!!!
@FrontierBrian This is a straight up lie. Why is it now ok to so blatantly lie? I don't get it! Was a Republican, now?????
So it's on an upward trend for the entire Obama administration, and now it's all your fault? Okay. Mmm-hmm.
You're a desperate man, 45. Did Obama need to Tweet graphs & stats to massage his ego or convince people? No, he did not.
So letting the people know how things are going in the Country is bad? #liblogic
what's with delay on tax reform. Keep your eyes on McConnell he is a snake
funny how it plunged when Obama took office and shot up now that he's gone
What do you think will happen to the Market when you use the Bush style of deregulation/tax breaks for the rich? Recession?
thanks again Obama
Thanks, Obama!
#MAGA
Can all this "greatness"remain stable and high is the real question. Not just a flash in the pan moment then despair again @realDonaldTrump
that is not the only way we track our actual growth.
Thank President Obama!
...and your Gallup approval rating is nearing the lowest point in your presidency. SAD!
...and the stock market is just as overvalued at it was right before the Great Depression!
...and your entire first-month approval rating is the lowest since—well, ever!
please stop replying to yourself.
Yes, it's just as high as it was before the crash.
that's what I'm talking about trump own that presidency
I suppose if they're asking people who are buying double-wides, guns and confederate flags... #impeach45 #notmypresident
yeah!
Thank you President I'm counting on you being in history as the one who saved America!
oh look, all the growth to get to this point happened during BO's admin.
#ICUMI
yes we can THANK PRES. OBAMA for the last 8years of it!
nice of Obama to leave the economy in good shape..
thanks Obama :)

Thanks, Obama!
we still worry about your #Russian connections and your unreleased #TaxReturns because we fear @POTUS owned by #putin
The Trump effect, MAGA
Must report on bad news too! Like @Wendys is going to install ordering Kiosks eliminating humans! GM-CAN people going to MX
A lot of good things are taking place since you took office! Your what our Nation has needed for along time! Thank you!
what happened last decade when a Republican was in office and consumer confidence was this high ?
thanks to the 10 years of Obama, you have been POTUS for 6 weeks you fool.
You're old. Time is not on your side.
.@realDonaldTrump Wow! I wonder whom we should credit for the steady rise over the last six years!
thanks @POTUS44 thanks @BarackObama #ThanksObama
thank you obama
thank you President Obama for setting this upward path!
...thanks to Obama!

make sure you fire everyone in the top three tiers of government agency. Drain The Swamp!
.@realDonaldTrump I never imagined that 'the best healthcare plan ever' would be getting shit on by nearly everyone once it was proposed.
The American Hospital Association AND the American Medical Association opposing this bill is a BIG fucking red flag.
And your party's hard on for stripping millions of women from basic healthcare is reprehensible. #StandWithPP
Obviously this is all thanks to Trump.

Because he's made so many changes and done so many great things in his first 2 mo. @realDonaldTrump
That was sarcasm. @realDonaldTrump
I'm sure he'll continue to post these charts throughout his presidency, even when it dips, as it always does after spike. @realDonaldTrump
If it dips he'll show it upside down and still 'win'.
Why does this sound like it'll really happen @DeborahAmbler1 @realDonaldTrump
That's a great graph that demonstrates the incredible work President Obama did from the depths of the depression to date.
Thanks so much for recognizing all the incredible work he did pulling the country back after the subprime mortgage crisis
Perhaps now would be a good time for you to thank him for the solid economic foundation he left you?
Here are some other related graphs showing how he also had a huge impact on employment: https://data.bls.gov/pdq/SurveyOutputServlet?request_action=wh&graph_name=CE_cesbref1 …
And the way that GDP went up under his Presidency: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/GDP 
And how the unemployment rate came down dramatically to pre-recession levels during his term: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/UNRATE 
And how he managed to get real median income in the US back to pre-recession numbers: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/MEHOINUSA672N …
There are loads more really helpful graphs like the ones you posted on FRED, if you're interested: https://fred.stlouisfed.org 
.@realDonaldTrump if you had invested your inheritance in index funds you'd be worth 10X more today

Don't mess up the economy you inherited
See fact check http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/37226/would-trump-be-worth-more-if-he-simply-invested-in-mutual-funds/37229 … @khanoisseur
Trump is worth around $250 million–its exactly what he inherited from his father @DLagushkin
How do you know this? Where is it documented?
Based on financials I've seen–$250M is at at the high end bc he lies about his debts @TheGlitterTiger @DLagushkin
3. One reason Trump underreported (to FEC) his debts–cover up his dismal income relative to debt @MartinMcCoyIII https://twitter.com/khanoisseur/status/767035378876329984 …
so he desperately tries to maintain elite playboy facade when really he's only afloat bc of Russia
thank you Obama for the hard work you did to increase jobs.
You're the guy that was born on third base and thinks he hit a fucking triple.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
Consumers are feeling comfortable 
and charts are rising high.
If this continues we will soon 
be soaring in the sky.
da2. Hyblu9s
Thanks to OBAMA. At least give credit when an where it's due.
.@realDonaldTrump 
You're delusional Donald...if only you'd get some mental help!
you are incompetent-BIGLY! Resign!
we would like to thank the protesters for bringing more democrats to trumps side. Thank you
Confidence in you at an all time low.
I see your grandfather was deported from Bavaria because he was a draft dodger like you. Hilarious.
Yes, Obama fixed the economy after recession. But wealth inequality is at its worst and we know trickle down doesn't work!
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Thanks to our real President @Barack Obama!!
Yes thank you @BarackObama
zero thanks to you, don't take credit for things that are not yours to take credit for.
as they say: "the proof is in the pudding"!
PLEASE DON'T USE WALL STREET TO DETERMINE CONSUMER CONFIDENCE. THE RICH JUST GOT RICHER BUT THE POOP ARE STILL POOR
Thank you Barack Obama! Eight GREAT years! Job well done!
99% of this runup was under PRESIDENT OBAMA. You get credit for the last 1%. You get credit for your watch.
OMG! You really ARE that stupid!  Even what YOU posted proves it wasn't you!! You have no clue how it works, do you?!
It's amazing how it started going up around the time @POTUS44 took office. What a coinkydink huh? :D
Thanks Obama!
thanks to the hard work of President Barack Obama!
Thank Obama for it. You inherited an already great America. Let it remain so. Don't mess it up.
Where the hell did you make that? With your Looney Tunes kit? You are a total fraud. #IResistTrump
I'm sure it had something to do with Obama. Lol.
in this country?
Changing America for the better
you poor American's...  big business has run ur country since before ww2. Now you have mr big business!!
thank you Obama
Lost: one white epileptic worm and a load of black graphite paper.
-- 

Thanks, @BarackObama!
Obama brought those #s up, not you. You are so petty.
Thanks Obama
Thank you Barack for getting US back on track after GFC. Hope your policies can carry the nation thru til impeachment
That graph represents an Obama overflow Mr Trump ,Obama left you a great economy keep it that way .
Right...thanks to Obama...no thanks to you
Made up numbers Donald. Americans at a new low and polls and ratings tell it all.Your lies don't make it so
Fake news
Good to see that the trend that started in "44's" first term continues.. THANKS, OBAMA!
and you had literally nothing to do with it. stop trying to steal credit from President Obama you corrupt, greedy liar
.@realDonaldTrump Thanks Obama.
Great, Thanks Obama! Too bad your successor will likely destroy that trend.#44
yes but you had nothing to do with it! You steal others glory!
thanks to Obama after the Bush crash
I was told by our current president not to believe any of these phony numbers. They are all #fakenews That is what u said.
hey, look at that trend line.
That will change
and for that we can thank pres Obama
looks like Obama did a lot of work that you're trying to claim credit for. scum
no shit. we were in a recession.

.@realDonaldTrump still trying to take credit for Barak's work, are we donnie boi?
You must wear asbestos Depends as your pants are always on fire.
YOUR IN OVER YOUR HEAD. YOU KNOW IT. YOU CANNOT HANDLE THE JOB.
Thank you Obama!!!  45 your report card comes out next year.
You do realize this graph showed that Barack Obama brought consumer confidence back, right?
GOP gets spike before tanking as we see every time they get in control. Dems will be there to fix it again.
Jesus, handing in your homework with Obama's name still on it
Yup you can absolutely see that steady rise throughout Obama's presidency.  Thank you President Obama!
I am backing you up 100 percent
THANK YOU MR. TRUMP!  YOU ARE AMERICA's CEO!  Thank you for draining the corruption, overspending, and GOVT swamp!
Now we just need Tax relief!! @SpeakerRyan
that's after 8 years of Obama stabilizing the economy - not you being POTUS for less than two months
Funny how the increase happened while Obama was president....but he didn't do anything u jealous wacko
HEY MSM! HEAR THAT YOU HACKS!
, THANK #OBAMA (@POTUS44).
It was HIS WORK that got that recovery after Dubya's recession.
NOT YOUR INCOMPETANT TWEETING ASS
Wow  50 days in give yourself a pat on the back Junior! Notice the up tick Way before you was sworn in! lol
thank you obama #obama
Stealing credit, as usual. Are these #s ok now?
thanks Obama!
you did nothing. You're riding on Obama's coattails. You, my friend, are a goddamn fool.
are you fucking kidding me?
Thank you @POTUS44 !
Watch it fall fast next week because of healthcare.  We thought you were a Rockefeller Republican not evil hard-line R GOP
Does that mean we're in a bubble?
Yes, 45, the rich are doing well. Take care of the poor and build the middle class.
Thanks Obama !!
the number I like is 65,788,583--the number of people that voted for Clinton and not you
Good Job President Trump keep it up
It has nothing to do with you! You are LIAR, let's see in 4 more years how good is the consumer confidence. Shame on you!
Yep, it started going up just after Obama took office. Good job, @POTUS44
#ThanksObama (#ObamaDidThat)
. Yes. That's a very impressive trajectory its been on since you were elected in 2008. 2008. Two thousand and eight. 2008.
thank you, President @BarackObama
thank you @BarackObama .  Trumps shit won't hit the fan for about 6 months in.  We are still riding the Obama wave #45sucks
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change.
Thanks Obama!
I know you're not skilled at reading charts so good, but this shows it collapsed under the #GOP and came back under #Obama
looks like it was going up nicely before you arrived
haha and do you really believe the credit is yours - of course it boost your inflated ego that may pop soon
You owe this, the unemployment rate, and the Dow Jones avg to your predecessor.  Just remember that.
Thanks OBAMA!
thank Obama!
Remember what happened 9-10 years ago? A crash. So yes, I would expect the US consumer comfort to be higher now.
Wow, take credit for others work. What a 'great' person.
Fake news!!!!!
I know u wish you had something to do with it.  Alas! ''Twas not to be
"wrong"
.@realDonaldTrump Looks like #Obama did a great job the last 8 years!
and you think you had something to do with that? #DumbDonald
wow, when the babies have a far superior vocabulary that 46; they can read, 45, not! #literacyvolunteers! 1,000 pts/light!
Furthermore nothin thats happened inthe last month w/respect to jobs or the unemployment rate has anything to do with YOU!
Yes thank you President Obama, since yours doesn't start till September, nice try though
You don't have a clue ... do you.
@porter32024 Supporting Trump, All private and American products have to be aware that "Fine Brands, Flag of America"
In past 5yrs #Obama's JOBS numbers were @this level or way higher & all #45 did was say the numbers were #Fake but now real
- It started back in 2008.  You had NOTHING to do with it and you know it.
thanks Obama!
. You know that wasn't you? Or r u too stupid or so egotistical to think it is your doing?
