I suppose this isn't FAKE NEWS. From a channel that aired an 'illegal' tape? #hypocrisy #TrumpImpeachmentParty #Ednamma
Legend. #GOAT #Ednamma #3DibsOnABetterFuture
I guess NBC is not FAKE NEWS this time?
It will be overturned because  these judges went beyond their power.It ain't over...Tim,
Judges don't go beyond their power, they act within it.
Yes, that is what they are SUPPOSED TO DO, these did not.
You are getting like Trump. Don't agree with decision, blame it on others.
No, I listened to Judges who don't agree with the ban,however know it's constitutional
... high school, or 1/10 of a small city of 100,000 people, or 0.0016 of people who ride the MTA per day. Not even 1% #sad
People randomly selected. That’s how good polling works. I’m sure right wing parties are growing in EU for NO REASON. 
We're the U.S.-effing A. WE have the Constitution, Bill of Rights, "Bring us your poor huddle masses". EU who?
“Poor huddled masses” isn’t in our constitution. Our founders would have laughed at it. That’s a stupid poem.
Fake polls & fake news. When you have money you can get anyone to say anything.
I support it too
. . . your ability to do math? That's 1,000 people in EACH country. That is about the equivalent of 1/3 of the average ...
Wait, wait, wait. 10,000 in 10 countries? Okay, I know DeVos is now in charge of education, but did it already affect . . .
oh
that's because there are still sand people left in the world.
did you get this info from the "Fake Media"?
seems like liberal Democrats and liberal media don't know anything about National Security and no Intel
A majority did not vote for you, you know that, don't you.
Extreme vetting is needed to  keep America safe!!
trying to make yourself feel better that your own people hate you huh?
you are fickle! There are more than 10,000 coming across! If that's all for 10 COUNTRIES you're doomed!
why don't you run for office there?

3 millions in Turkey' land of humanity. Shame on you
can I still get your hideous ties at @Macys?
it's common sense!
Extreme vetting? Fuck! How about extreme vetting for PRESIDENTS! Tax returns! REAL Medical! #muslimban #DonaldTrump #USA
@POTUS @NBCNews what we expect to see in a year, they sometimes see in a day.  Are you people serious?!!
So you think 10k out of 510m people is an accurate poll???

yes we know they do they just got to grow some balls sorry about the language
If a majority of countries want you to jump off a cliff, @realDonaldTrump ...
...would you?
Please?

#PresidentBannon
LIAR!!! WE DO NOT SUPPORT YOUR BAN! I HOPE EVERY EU NATION WILL BAN YOU FROM ENTERING OUR COUNTRIES!!!
Easy D likes to post stuff and make himself feel better when he does something people don't like. Buck up there buddy. 
also, doesn't make it anymore wrong or unconstitutional when people "like" it. Stop crying and govern. 
That's like a 1000 people per country.... basics stats and logic will tell you that's not representative
Darling I know this political thing is difficult for you to grasp, but they don't vote in the US. #PopularVote
..Fake news
This is only due to the fear mongering you and your ilk have done! 1.6 billion Muslims aren't "bad people".
I really wish you knew how to read:
Where was the muslim outrage over this?
