I'm not religious and that speech made me want to sign up. Just what worried Westerners needed! I wish my Prime Minister would say the same.
Never forget to thank your haters! 
Agreed, nothing like rubbing it in when u can lol we get 2 watch them cry all over again 
People around me hate on him and im just like
Lol, sweet an agreed!
Every time you tweet about "Haters," I'm like, is he the President or a member of the Taylor Swift Squad?
He's under qualified for both.
I love you. You make em freak out
Too bad we aren't flooded by Polish immigrants.... hard working, kind people
Notice how many haters have to  follow you?They love something. You're  doing a job beyond my imagination. Best POTUS ever!

Including the haters? FFS 
Yes.  This is our commander in chief.  Classy AF.  
You're tweeting about "great reviews"?  So sad, so needy, so pathetic.
#Impeach45 
#25thThe45th
You serve the haters.... as a public servant. Stop insulting them. We employ you. We can fire you. 
It's a shame A. Merkel DELIBERATELY held the G20 Summit in Hamburg where she knew Leftist Protesters would try to Embarrass you & Melania.
You're the president, much as that dismays the ENTIRE civilized world

Stop going on about the "haters" only you can see in your broken mind
IT WAS FANTASTIC, MR. PRESIDENT !!! WE ARE WITH YOU 1,000%  #MAGA 
The childishness never ends with this guy. Haters? Don't you mean Americans, ppl you are required to serve?!
Well done sir, you represented us well.
Whining abt media & Obama. Very Presidential. Nice visit 2 Warsaw Ghetto Monument Mr. Least Anti Semitic Person Ever.
The "haters" did not give you good reviews. Good reviews are all in your head. Your verbage is not eloquent nor is it presidential. Its sad.
l
Terrible speech. No one liked it. You've gained weight.
Please quit your day job...
@realDonaldTrump when you say #haters can we agree the Mayor of NYC? Today a sad day 4 family of police officer mother of 3, funeral. RIP 
Loved "including the haters"

Your lies and divisive rhetoric stoke the fires of religious extremism and promote violence. In Iraq, we'd have flagged you as a danger.
@POTUS Terrific Job!!!! You've made us very proud to call you 'Mr. President!'
Honestly, what is wrong with you?
It's all about you
Just STOP! You're supposed to act like the leader of the free world, not a jilted tween! #FFSdoyourjob
I especially enjoyed watching Poland's First Lady skip your handshake
BEST American speech on Polish land! Thank God Most High for ALL you do and SAY, President Trump, "But Poland could NOT be broken!" Amen.
So proud to have Trump as President!!!

Prayers and Love to @POTUS and @FLOTUS Melania!!
"The sage shuns excess,
shuns grandiosity,
shuns arrogance."
— Lao Tzu, #TaoTeChing
Great reviews? Defending Russia and discounting our intelligence agencies? You have to be kidding. Nice try manipulating uneducated citizens
Review: Bannon & Miller wrote a great Nationalist speech and you read well from the teleprompter. The news conference was an embarrassment.
MAGA DONALD...GREAT JOB!!!!
Awesome! Thank you 
Your speech gave my goosebumps goosebumps. To hear the Poland people call your name is an unforgettable moment in time. IN GOD WE ALL TRUST
It was epic sir. Brought tears to my eyes.
How were those unwilling poles forced to pretend to like you?  Try that in a few more countries to get the real flavor of your popularity.
Did you experience another golden shower
Your "official statements" like these will not be viewed favorably in our history books. I know you've never read one, nor your supporters.
There is big hater in USA. His name is Trump
Only teenagers and rappers talk about their "haters"
You're a 16 year old girl.
You were Awesome.....Thankyou!
Couldn't agree more
They were bused in and some were paid. Face it @realDonaldTrump nobody likes you. You really need to WAKE UP!
Dont hold your breath.1in3 people you pass on the street love the guy..Prepare for war...of all kinds.Harden your heart for the unthinkable
Poland had to bus crowds in to see you.  Your approval rating in the world is 22% unlike Obama who was loved by all.
NOBODY liked your speech, dogface. 39% approval rating and only got 46% of the popular vote. #25thAmendmentNow
@POTUS is a charismatic and powerful speaker. Thank you for delivering an excellent speech in Warsaw. God bless you, President Trump! 
Mr. President Obama has flagrantly violated the Logan Act. That is treason! He needs to be charged! This is outrageous! PLEASE do something!
What are you 5?
2017: A time when #POTUS cyber-bullies on social media, makes a career out of Olympic-level hypocrisy, and uses the word "haters."

Your statement makes no sense. You really need to stop tweeting and embarrassing the office of President of the United States.
...it is a legitimate criticism of a President who mainly taunts and polarizes without having a full understanding of our complex issues.
What makes people have the least confidence in you is your lack of true understanding on the vast majority of issues-not 'hating' ...
Just because we criticize and question you motives does not make us haters. It simply means we disapprove.
reality check: haters didn't exactly give you great reviews...
This would be an acceptable tweet if you had left out "including the haters". Why can't you learn to play nice old man?
Do you represent all Americans? Or only the ones who worship you?
All those people bused in for you...what a joke.
Shut up!
For someone who claims 2 have thick skin, u sure do bring up your "haters" a lot. Ppl w/thick skin ignore their haters, not bring them up.
but what about the Losers?! #whatarewetodonow
Important message f the whole world #https://wakeup-world.com/2016/12/10/15-mind-blowing-ways-hemp-can-save-the-world/
You do know the haters now outnumber your supporters, right?
'Haters'? When's your new album out?
What are you 5 years old? Learn to speak Presidentially. Stop embarrassing us!
If they're haters I doubt they gave your speech great reviews 
Haters ?? Really ??? Your a bit to old for that lingo . Grow up! #25thAmmendmentNow
All talk and no action. The speech does not do the work. And believe me ain't nuthin gonna happen......just talk.
What kind of 71 year old man uses the expression "haters"? "I Drank all the PRUNE JUICE haters! My diapers are that of kings haters!" U suck
You just couldn't resist and for once just say thank you with no insults to anyone...tiresome and boring.
Shouldn't the president be a grown up?
Didn't realize hater's is now how our President talks about people, sounds like a 7th grader. #sad
YOU are the HATER -of the working man, women with brains (that you FEAR!) honesty & truth, anyone who disagrees with you & YOUR INSECURITY!
Haters ? Really? Grow up
Thank you President Trump!
Black Elite and I support you Mr. President Trump. /G\
You are so embarrassing.
Love those repressive regimes. Gives you something to aspire to in squelching American democracy, doesn't it, Don? #Impeach45
We can see so many people think your ideas are mainstream & will benefit the WORLD! 

Step aside junior!

@potus
People we need to get on the ball and support our President. Together we stand, divided we fall!
$100 you did not write your speech and $100 that you actually stayed on script.
Thank you for your visit, Mr. President
You say everything goes great but you have fake news that you give to the United States of America people
very childish! Not a good look
I think you did a nice job President Trump! Keep doing what you are doing
you so crazy!
I heard from everyone that your speech was an incomprehensible word salad. To disgusted w/you to listen.
each time i read this guy's tweets i have to remind myself that this isn't a parody account
Your trip to Poland was beautiful. Your remarks were supercalifristicexpealodocious!!!!
Great 4US2!
BIG TWINKLEY STAR of the trip
You are the Emperor of the Haters.
a'propos haters....
Great speech
Wellcome
You did the best job yet! So proud of our President  Way to go President Trump! #makingamericaproudagain
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT SIR!  GOD BLESS! AND GODSPEED! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK SIR!

@realDonaldTrump All of America loves you-all world leaders respect you-haters (secretly) love you but aren't allowed to express feelings

They love you in Poland, just like we love you here! It was a great speech, you did America proud!
You were amazing brother. Keep your head up and keep pressing forward. We have your back
Fantastic speech, u make me so proud to be an American!
Did Sean Spicer go? You could have taken him to Trablinka and taught him some history
ICYMI Trump vows to fight fake news with a Polish president who's tried to gag the press
They hate you, as do we!!! Go away
@BestPOTUSever wanted to be rich I even watched your dad's editorial when I was young he was a builder
@BestPOTUSever your doing a great job sir and I've been around watching Nixon since I was a kid and when I was young I

Could you please not refer to 'the West' again, and include America? European ideals are not American, not at present. You are loathed.
@STONECOLDTRADER I listened 2 your speech at 5AM Mr President& found it a strong speech W/a positive Msg even at that Hr.
Thank you for all your hard work Mr President. You make us proud! #TrumpTrain #MAGA #Trump2020 
You're so blind.
IF U HAVE SO MANY PPL IN YOUR BASE WHERE R THEY?
I ONLY KNOW 1 N HE'S LITERALLY CRAZY! NOBODY RETWEETS YOUR BULLSHIT. YOUR A FAKE PRESIDENT!
@POTUS , you were FANTASTIC!! @BarackObama, you are you.....a phony, spineless WHINER!! Eat your camel dung omelet....
Lol
God Bless America God bless the Saints of Poland God bless Donald Trump
Who helped you find your way off the stage?
Great speech Sir! You know loser Deblasio was protesting there? Disgusting!
Poland love Donald Trump!! 

Love having a president who tweets and keeps us all  up to date with the truth. Love you and your family! May God guide and protect you.
You are such a sad insecure man
Great speech Donald
Can you post one tweet without sounding like a spoiled five year old?
You did an amazing heartfelt speach .AMERICANS ARE PROUD OF OUR PRESIDENT.
The shining city upon a hill was beaming thru @realDonaldTrump & the world was made brighter, & all the forces of good bound against evil
i thought it was a great speech, thank you much.
Most people thought your speech was horrible
Anything that comes out of your mouth is a lie. Everyone knows that. Speech=lies. No one is listening. Period.
Fantastic job POTUS!!
Talk about a hater! You breathe hatefulness! You are the worst person to be representing America and what good means!
God bless you and keep you safe.
We should rename Liberals in Hypocrites 
Your welcome. It's always great to know you are the biggest looser as POTUS no matter how you leave & when you leave you will be the worst!

You can read words, someone throw him a milkbone
Love Poland, land of wonderful people and culture 
Made us Proud
Better than Regan
Trump is a mean girl.
how fkn good was it @realDonaldTrump seeing all those white people an others saying trump trump  it shows what u mean to western society
Your speech was TERRIFIC !!!!
No one thought your speech was good. You're confused.  You're a liar.  Read a book.  Learn history.  Face the truth.  @POTUS
Hai rotto il cazzo 
Чим і з ким розрахувався підступний "тягнибакс" за фабрикацію державної зради проти свого партійного критика?
God help us all! Americans can be a stupid lot! I voted for HRC
Great meeting? Hahaha they made an awesome trade agreement without you! #losing
You're the hater. Sad.
A staged phony showing.
.
You handed America to Putin with a smile and a pat on the ass. You are an abomination to the greatness of the country.
My fav line was ' 1 million ppl gathered....they said, we want God'
Oh, you sorry insecure little old manboy.
Way to speak like an 8 year old Mr. President.  You parents are literally spinning around in their graves. #resist
Obama mirrors or shadows Trump's mtgs He's trying to undercut the will of the  Ppl Obama butt out U aren't POTUS
Pancakes or waffles for breakfast
You have a lot of buses. You will never be as well liked or as accomplished as #Obama. #VonClownStick #FakeCrowd #LittleHands #BusTrips
Legend
Thank you President Trump!
You putz, Putin played you. #45IsATraitor #deathtotraitors #45WillDieInJail
Yes the Haters. #TheRealAnonymousIsBack should be top on your list
Great spch! Poland smart+right2 resist EUs Muslim migrant quota! Easy2 see havoc/terror migrants bringing2 Europe! US must resist as well!
When you speak it looks forced and unnatural, get some coaching! Smooch~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~Marie~
Like that handshake? #lolz #TheRealAnonymousIsBack
You are awesome!
 U @realDonaldTrump !
Angela didnt even shake your hand - you're a loser. Sad how the world sees you #fuckfacevonclownstick
