she isn't too far off from the truth
Trump did more 4 USA in WEEK ONE than Dubya Bush and Obummer have done in 16 years. I love it. Success gets liberals mad.
Please provide details.
Please wake up.
In other words, the Russian troll cant.
Didn't your buddy Julian Assange say he would turn himself in if Manning wasn't released? Oooh, that's right, he lies just like you. #Russia
I support you 100% but whistleblowers should be protected. #DeepState corruption should be held accountable.
better yet, lets hope they stay safe. We know HRC would have no problem adding to her body count.
If anything were to happen to either one of them, millions would be tracking them down.
Small Crowds - Small Pop Vote - Small Approval - Small Hands - Small Pee Pee - Small Brain - Small Man.  LEGITIMATE LOSER
Manning deserved a be free!!
Ryan et al writing legislation that purports to be Trump agenda but w loopholes to dilute effect.
Because you are waking up to reality.
Obama and Brennan were both Saudi-Islamist-moles. #Fact
First of all you called Obama a bad president!! He was the best not like you !
Manning, can't even decide which potty to use and now thinks it's opinion matters.
u called him one too .. I'm so confused  what drugs r u on?
Small Crowds - Small Pop Vote - Small Approval - Small Hands - Small Pee Pee - Small Brain - Small Man.  LEGITIMATE LOSER

Dems better hope the KnightsTRUMPlarWarriors don't unite & fight back.....we'll Win because we have a brave & fearless Leader @POTUS 

Bet you'd still try to grab her pussy. Pretty sure you'd get rejected tho. FYI "traitors" & @wikileaks won u the election
With All Due respect, you could not be a worse person to run our country @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner
#FreeMelania #MuslimBan
Years after you called him a weak leader time and time again lmao
@laundslauger never thought I would agree with Chelsea but Obama is a weak leader! Always was!
Traitor for exposing American warcrimes.
I will never call this traitor by his fake name his name is Bradley Manning and he should not be released early
Stop tweeting. Start acting like a @POTUS. Your 140 character rants are shameful and only serve to highlight your pettiness
It`s because of people like Manning that you`re in office, do you understand nothing?
He's such a liar like others.He will do everything to have the power.
Libby was convicted in 2007 of lying to the FBI and obstruction of justice in the investigation into the leak of the identity of Valerie Plame, a former covert CIA operative. #Asshole #TraitorInChief #ObstructionOfJustice #BirdsOfAFeather
@xychelsea @realDonaldTrump If anyone's a #Traitor for #treason, it's #Google NSA & #Facebook for Violating the #people's right to #privacy.
You are guilty of treason.  Soon you can have Manning's old room. Bye!
Excessive punishment corrected. Maybe you'll get clemency when you're convicted of corrupt practices & cheating.
and how many times did you cry and complain about Obama's leadership? Hypocrisy, although common from you, is pathetic.
you mean, the same thing you've called him?
Patriot,@xychelsea brought positive change to the US & did more good for the world than illegitimate fake @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ever will.
Gee.  I kind of agree with him......er.......her.......uh........whatever it is.
You tweeted at Obama saying he'd go down in history as the worst president in US history at one point.
, you called President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
suck one thousand dicks
Manning's release is proof Obama is a weak leader.
President Obama sucked and did nothing worth talking about. Time to make America great again!
Obama was voted most admired man in the world 7 x's, he is loved all over the world. You are Hated and Cursed.
What happen

@Ferasj2 didn't Trump call Obama the worst president in US History?
Ahh..
@POTUS omg absolutely mortified for the way you tweet.
so embarrassed for him. I will not feel safer going to the states, I am more afraid since the ban 

You are in no position to call someone else a traitor.
So ur not Happy with that comment? U say Obama is weak all the time. U n manning agree. Y r u angry?
You promised to clean the swamp! Lately I'm feeling like your swimming in the same swamp! We trusted you, trust us and get cleaning #truth!
You're the weak sauce!!! 
GTF0 already
You got bigger problems to worry about buddy....Get an attorney and "lose" your twitter password....
What I wouldn't give to punch Chelsea Manning square in the nuts.
You're not our president, but the CEO of U.S., Inc. serving the interest of the corporate elite making you the real traitor
Donald Trump should not be casting aspersions on anyone because of his own traitorous actions as president.
#PrinceRezaPahlavi
#realDonaldTrump #SOS

#PrinceRezaPahlaviReturn
@Trump4prez20166 he/she should not have gotten a pardon.
You are going to have to stop putting your self into a contest with Obama you lose No President has made the mess that you
obama was a weak leader.
You and your cronies collide with Russia. YOU'RE THE TRAITOR! #treasonoustrump #crookeddonald #putinsbitch #putinspuppet
This is the first time I agree with you.  I Think he should pay the taxpayers back for his operation .Traitor !
yea, we know how concerned you are about President Obama's good name.
@POTUS do you not remember any of the things you've said about Obama? Also, calling people names is childish
Pardoning Manning & unrepentant FALN terrorist w/60 acts of terror who killed 6 ppl in #NYC restaurant was a mistake!! #NY
yo momma weak
Once a traitor...
you scare me! You have power that you still don't understand. Please do right by this country.
It's called the First Amendment. You should have someone read it to you at bedtime.
freedom of speech, so what. You will go down as the worst president in history!
Time to visit your psychiatrist again Trump.
Manning is NOT a traitor.He is a WHISTLE BLOWER exposing corrupt & soon to be, politicians . Are you nervous? @panegron
I agree. Nasty person.
I hope you find a way to keep it in prison.  And US. Needs to quit paying for sex change.   Isn't that cosmetic surgery
HUUUDDEE!! I mean gigantic campaign billboards!! Also Jesse Jackson Jr tried 2 use my @advocatehealth court $ 2 #fundraise?
...well he WAS a weak leader & BOTH are traitors...rock on Mr. President enjoying your homeruns in your 1st week. AMAZING!
I am a cancer patient and heart patient breast cancer double mastectomy still chemo now I have to beg for rides to appt
说奥巴马软弱无能，他不会生气麽～
you are an inspiration and I thank you Sir. Continue the great job! #POTUS #SemperFi
you called president Obama the leader of ISIS. You are a hypocrite
if I recall trump did too, also freedom of speech is completely legal
Ummm. He deserves it.
Obama is a secure and mature leader who can handle an attack against him without freaking out. Can you?
Donald you are the traitor and Dictator you need to leave this country now, you do not belong here, you are not American.
Kill him!
You're like a little man child pick pick pick.. Don't you have better things tho do.
"Distrust all in whom the urge to punish is strong." -Goethe
But you are not an "Ungrateful TRAITOR" for doing the same thing? Terrible!
I strongly disagree, we have to protect all #citizens that expose the illegal doings of the elected government as it has to SERVE its people
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
Pretty sure you've called Obama a weak leader once or twice.
do you ever read?
I know right?? She should be calling YOU that eh.
Funny thing is, I agree 
Restore the PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE at schools, who ever doesn't want to stand for it kick them out!
I like Chelsea Manning a lot more than I like you...or President Obama, for that matter. Transparency in gov't needed here
it was the best what Obama ever did!
Israel-firster @realDonaldTrump, who should be imprisoned as traitor, calling Chelsea Manning a traitor. Laughable!
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Free Leonard Peltier 
You have been exceeding all expectations! The only thing you are surely misinformed about is Chelsea Manning. #HERO
so you have a lot in common with her
Mr President, please stop this #twitter #Nonsense and start governing.  #notextingwhiledriving the #USA
There is no doubt in my mind that Republicans and democrats want #Assange behind bars.
But you still use him for political
You used @wikileaks  to win the election and still complaining about Traitors.
Traitors helped you!
President can we do something about the tax on employee bonuses work all year achieve and receive bonus and get taxed 38%
@RebeccaL1955 lmao. Well... he is right #OBAMA failed our nation horribly.
