#TwitterTip: Do not reply to #Trump supporters.
Because then you would hear the truth
hahahahaha...he lies..you believe it Russian bot
How does that benefit your average working American?  Explain please.
How
People who can afford stocks are usually happy.
Jaa semmoinen oli tunnelma!
But their still pissed your President
Shares rose because of your promises. How many did you keep? Zero. Retire! 
@POTUS @foxandfriends @FoxNews @WhiteHouse @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Are they talking about Podesta?  Or are they talking about your campaign paying Jr's legal fees two weeks before the  story broke?
Golfers invest in the stock market !?, Market goes up despite u being president, someone will win this week at the open despite u are there
Grabbing pussies and hitting on the ladies?
Thanks Obama!
I'm sure your rich friends are very happy!
Be sure to tell them how fit they all look.
You're the man
Checked @cnn and @CNNPolitics.  Bunch of silly Russia tweets

Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump greeted to chants of #MAGA ! at #USWomensOpen
I'm sure the extremely rich are happy about that. Let's hope that the poor and marginalized in society are going to benefit
Everybody who has a 401k or has a pension  the school teachers firefighters policeman Etc say thank you for the terrific stock market
Brag about your own wealth while half of all Americans don't have enough groceries. Fuck face.
People are tired of you blowing smoke up their ass and telling your dirty lies that everybody
Yeah, OK!  #egomaniac #fraudpotus
Because the markets are ignoring you; thankfully

Yes, I always head to the USWomensOpen when I want to chat about the stock market.
Nationalistic propaganda, very dangerous

Collusion is also on the up!
Yes we are! 
Too bad the stock market is still riding the Obama wave
Yes! Thank you @BarackObama for tripling our stock market!! #KeepAmericaGreatForever
Is that true or did you hear it on CNN?
Can't you even read a stock chart, yes it did TRIPLE UNDER OBAMA. You are SICK
Which State will get Trump's Australian muslimsWho gets TAM  That's what they well be known as Trumps Australian  Muslims....
Its going to look real bad when TAMs do something bad.........You'll have to live with it...............
So Proud of Our #POTUS
Grab any pussy?
Are you making money? Advertising this tournament on Twitter then being there.. bet you are..
Guess what? We are more concerned about u being involved in cheating our democracy by breaking every law to win! Cheating = FAKE! #Traitor
Watch how quickly it plummets when the effects of my presidency kick in.
Hi I'm just here to troll so I get banned and can get a slice of the pie, anyone else? Gonna pile on that lawsuit boiii I'll be here all day
It's still Obama's fiscal year. Yours doesn't start till October.


Donald..
If I ever accidently referred to you as "President", I would completely understand if people unfollowed me...
#NotMyPresident
I always use "air quotes" & right afterwards that happens! Seriously! I've never used the "P" word on him w/out air quotes & gagging. 
As a pig, I do have some moral standards...
Will never say the "P" word....NEVER..!!
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! Something obama didn't know how to create!
Oh no now he's drinking
yes!
You're Next...
Another One Bites The Dust.
https://www.youtube.com/embed/rY0WxgSXdEE …

#WeAreTheStorm 




Don't be distracted. They really do mess with his feed
http://nypost.com/2017/03/30/how-russian-bots-try-to-sucker-trump-on-twitter/ …
This is what happened when I called Russian accounts out on trending #CNNDirt...Seriously WTF?!
LIBERALS and CONSERVATIVES don't be DISTRACTED 
There are #FakeFoxes on both sides trying to divide us. Stay woke. I know I will #Covfefe
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over...
You tweeted about it three times today but yet to mention anything about Jimmy Carter.
SHAME
Jimmy Carter. He's a great man and a great American! Unlike Trump who thinks only of himself.
Have A Great Day Mr President! 
This will matter greatly on next election. Even the FNN can't hide that
See.....does it hurt to be so disgusting?
Don't you have a job to do.
The markets & big business loves Russia & Putin!

Six months in, Trump's approval ratings are the worst of any president in history  http://bit.ly/2tYvzPj  
Nice to take credit for the months you DIDNT have any impact yet. Dipwad
Way to make that sporting event about you.
Up 17%?  Why, that's almost 40%!!!
Up because of #PRESIDENTOBAMA's work NOT yours.  Actually news about #crooked #DiaperDon's #emails & #treasonous #collusion hurt the market.
Thank you!

Our #Traitor in chief looks so weak. My fellow #Americans - we have been SOLD! #putinhassomuchmoney #TrumpRussia 
Thrilled about that, Mr. President!!
Strange math trump no real news organization reported only fake news trump U lie !1
A US president shilling for his own golf course. Disgusting.
all those blue collar folk you're allegedly looking out for must be itching to receive their dividend cheques
This has nothing to do with you Obama laid the groundwork for all these gains
I guess those people are paid, to not say how #Complicit your Admin is with a Hostile Nation. Russia #Sad
What people the ones in your head or are they the fake crowd from your inauguration?
yep; obama set the condittions for that. thank u @BarackObama
Does tweeting all of this make you feel better?  Now can you please stop tweeting and get back to running our Country please!
Fake News ????  OR   REAL ?????    Tell us Donnie !!??!!
What about the working-class people who voted for you? Did they get their dividends? Too late their eyes will open.
@realDonaldTrump  are you REALLY trying to take credit for the policies of the OBAMA administration?  #ShameOnYou
Thanks for reaching out to the people instead of hiding out with cronies!  Keep working! We got your back and praying for you!
Stock markets are up all over the world as well as in the USA. Wealthy happy, poor not so much. You did nothing.
Thank God Obama got is moving in the right direction. It'll take a few years, but you will bring us down.
@realDonaldTrump won't be in office much longer but pres pence will accomplish the bad things trump can't figure out. Still time! 
THANKS OBAMA
Sure is a lot of liberal hate out there. You liberal Marxists need to grow up. No better than grade school kids constantly whining.
People were at least as happy with record stock market highs under Obama, too, without a constant 3-ring circus in the White House.
You can't think people@a golf tournament are the avg American? They are not. Those people are the "haves" in USA. "Have nots" weren't there.
sure great for small percentage of people you represent that can afford to be in the market - now what are you gonna do for the majority
The people at your elite USGA like the market being up, but only half of Americans participate in the market.  Guess which half does not.
When are you going to do some work? ?????? Please Resign!!!!!
Other countries feel free to stop by the FAKE PRESIDENT'S Twitter page to see how Americans hate his perverted ass. Sad.
Good. They can all afford to renew their memberships for anither term.
Are you also excited about your record low approval ratings?
Thank you Obama
The only people happy with you are the #SWAMP Bottom Feeders that actually have the $$to invest in the MKT Normal people just want insurance
Also the sun came up, you didn't have anything do do with that either.
Thanks OBAMA for leaving the economy in such great shape!!!
#delusionaltraitorfakepresident!

The signs read... thank you Janet... keep printing!
Just because you say it's so, doesn't make it so. #Lies #Baffoon #IdiotInChief #TrumpLies
LOSER! LIAR!
Send a thank you note to Obama.
Send your thanks to Obama
Me Too !!! I KNEW it would be looking good when you became our president

were that shouting that up at you through the glass?
What will you do about small business owners taxes and insurance?
Oh brother! Lol!! 
Liar
Now tell Congress, so they can fall in line! You're The Chief Executive! You're the one trying to help Americans get back to work! #PROSPER!
You are the president of the rich. The sad thing is that some poor and middle class people have not yet seen through your sheets clothing.
Watch out women! #pussygrabber #thatISassault #MyGodYouAreAMISOGYNISTFUCK
Try to focus on those of us who aren't wealthy....they're a lot of us, really.
We decided once we heard you were going to be there that we would not go. Don't want to be near you at all, you're toxic
Almost the same as your approval ratings
Thank you for all your outstanding hard work.
The rich people that own stock
you see what is happening as far negativity in the white house,and the issue with your own blood.stop hurting people
Thanks to the economic policies put in play by Obama--I agree pretty awesome
are you just making shit up now?  Can't fathom you're taking a poll...
Thanks for the cash Donald! Loving the market!
Record high stock market is still trailing Europe. Nothing to brag about here.
Eight years of hard work by @BarackObama to right the wrongs of the GOP are finally being revealed in the stock market!!
Me too! Wanna meet up?
Sir if your agenda isn't passed,vote ALL out in 18'. I didn't vote for delay. I voted for Taxes,Border,health,Military. Don't pass? GIT!
Not "people" Donald your cabinet
Donald Trump: "It's Shake and Bake. And I helped!"
Mr. President, please don't tie yourself with stock market. You discredited this in the election. You don't want to be tied when it tanks.
That's how the 1%roll. Try attending an NFL football game and see how they like you. They won't and U would need the navy seals to protect U
Why don't you go to Camden and see how happy people are?
Those swamp people on Wall Street are thrilled, deregulation, and more bonuses and higher wagers for top 1%. Yay them
Oh By the way President Obama is responsible for what the Stock Market is doing..Kinda sucks for you to try to steal his thunder .."chuckle"
Thanks Obama
As if you had anything to do with it!

Stay off the golf courts, you tool!
Thanks Obama
Yeah, people making minimum wage really invest in the stock market!
Don't you have better things to do?
THANK YOU OBAMA!!
HOPE YOU HAVE A FABULOUS DAY 
You inherited a good economy and labor market from @BarackObama, please don't f$&k it up
Russia.
Thanks Obama
Oh because the average American is well invested? Give me an effing break.
Do you honestly take yourself seriously? Nobody else does. That's a bad sign.
What happened to tweet about how much money you were making from crowds? Conflict of interest using POTUS Twitter acct to line your pockets.
Send a TY note yet to President Obama for the stock market? You are fake news personified.
Is everyone at the US Open talking about John Posesta?
Yeah because I'm sure that's what everyone was talking about while at the US Open
Thanks Obama !
You know people with your wealth could do so much good for the world if only you didn't want more n more n more
#FakeNews
No, sorry, that's your current approval rating.
Made overseas all Trump brand and daughter,real bullshit con man
"The Dow racked up an impressive 27% in the first year of President Obama’s second term" step your game up #noob
Golf is your only accomplishment as president
Thank you President @BarackObama
Thank you @realDonaldTrump! Love they way you're negotiating YUGE stock market deals...all for me. It's a WIN!
a fantastic beginning!
