Just let it implode if they don't want to fix it it's not your fault you tried
Please do what you campaigned on. Repeal #Obamacare, open borders for competition. Insurance will be so cheap, govt will buy it for welfare
You are considered one of the most dishonest people in America, right now. 
Haven't your aides told you?
Too many insurance company's dropped out of providing because they aren't making money. The medical and insurance industry needs regulated.
Ur in a downward spiral. Ur just not somebody pple want to hear from on TV after the shooting. Ur not presidential.
Please get the govt out of the health care industry all together so the free market can work. Deregulate, deregulate, deregulate!
Duhhh ...Republicans are in charge and can pass what ever they want quit blaming the Democrats.
TRUMP & GOP DELIBERATELY STRANGLING AHA! THEY WANT THE GOP DEATH PLAN DEVISED & RUN THRU SENATE UNETHICALLY SO 1% CAN SQUEEZE MORE $ FRO M/C
republicans never help the average American they only punish them.
Wrong! True fake news. Whenever you're not lying, you're "only" wrong. Always. Bad, very bad!
If Democrats had the power you claim, Gorsuch would be sitting at home watching Justice Garland on @CSPN, instead of sitting on the SCOTUS
You are repulsive. You are doing everything you can to kill it. Deaths from lack of insurance will be on YOUR hands! Shame!
#shutup # bepresidential #wearenotimpressed
Instead of fixing it YOU and GOP are causing insurance companies to drop out because you alone have CHOSEN to not reimburse them!!!
Because you keep gutting programs that supported it.
Explain to the audience what you actually mean there's a big gray area there?
Why not just let us people that want Obamacare keep it.  Let your supporters have your Trumpcare!..
Remove Obama care he did not care when Obama the liar made it for them or the lies they tell everyone else
AMERICA JUST SAY NO TO THIS trump SCAM
That's still less then the number of supporters you have lost over the last 3 months
Obstructionis Democrats?? Your party has the majority in both houses and you losers STILL can't accomplish anything.
You're grieving over them but willing to kick 24 million more off. Typical Trump logic.

And yet the republicans can't pass a single bill!  You've abused executive orders, and gone golfing every weekend... we resist you!
Where is the better, bigger, greater program you promised us? 
#IMPEACH #RESIST
TRUMP stop trying to kill the health care act,
STOP SABOTAGING #OBAMACARES, #TraitorTrump! You are responsible for violence in this nation these days. Eight years of threats to @POTUS44
YOU ARE SUCH A LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Because u sabotaged it and we have proof.
You make no sense!! How can the Dems be obstructing when they are in the minority? Please explain!!
Isn't it you that has no answer? It's literally your job to fix it and you can't get it done. Such a failure. So sad for American people.
You and the Republicans are actively undermining Obamacare and will be solely responsible for loss of healthcare by millions of Americans
LOL, the ACA is fixable if the GOP gave a hoot. Instead, they try to replace it with a law that will leave millions without insurance. Fake.
You and the GOP did this. Own up to it, sir!  Even the insurance companies are saying so.
You are the worst president in the history of the world. Your ignorance is only match with your evil ways.  Crooked and evil!
Liar!
Ridiculous. You're the one to blame
You and the @GOP have sabotaged it so shut up
Why don't you just give up. It'll make life so much easier for all of us
Nobody is buying this. Sign ups were on record pace before Jan 20. You signed the EO to kill it. You pulled the ads. You won't pay insurers.
Where did this number come from?  Other reasons for this alleged drop?
Thanks to you Drumpf. At least Obama had it going in the right direction. You have failed at everything BIGLY!
#Obstructionist https://www.vox.com/health-care/2017/6/15/15807986/obamacare-lies-obstruction … #ResistGOPCare
Be more aggressive! Too many globalist on comitties to get any real work done! You are weak at this time!
The Republican divide on the components of the new Healthcare bill is the bigger obstruction not the DEMS- Stop further dividing the country
Hmm.. let me think about this for a second okay? Yep...
Where did you get this data? #foxnews probably #FakeNews
So is your job, anything relating to Obama you get vicious and lie because you are jealous. He was a great president and man
You are a clownish caricature. No one is buying your BS. We will not let you off the hook. You will be held accountable. #Justice

Resist!!! #fakepresident
Liar
Someone is under investigation for obstructing justice
You enjoy when people suffer, don't you?
Let it implode, then see people jump through hoops.
You are the one creating this problem by telling insurance companies they won't be paid! Evil grifter!
Gee I still have it.
We losing healthcare because of YOU @realDonaldTrump
You are sabotaging it and you know it. Despicable.
I guess that's how you run your business!?
Dear Mr. President, please gut the whole thing. PLEASE. Please don't allow single payer. Praying for you and your family.
More #TrumpLies
How much obstruction can happen when they are the minority?
Somehow you sound gleeful about America's health care woes.  Can it be you only care that anything with Obama in it fails?
Lies
You want to be the hero and get some props? Go for Single payer ALL OUT!!
Cutting off funding to ACA so you can say it's failing is wrong and anther misrepresentation of facts. Stop your fake news.
Show us your plan. Fix it. Or shut up. Sad!
Maybe a result of Anthem withdrawing from the marketplace because of the corrupt Trumpcare plan?
You can make that stuff up all day long. We aren't dumb enough to believe it.
Surrounded by leftists including RINO.
why do you constantly put out false information? Down with trump
You know EXACTLY why they are dropping out. You are purposely destroying something the first Black President accomplished. So Jealous.
Dropped  out or forced out by greedy insurance keep raising rated unchecked and their profits soared !  Reality
The ACA is dying expressly because of your actions. You are killing it. Stop fighting for tax cuts for rich people.
Your plan will drop 23 million. #sad
we would be so lucky
More Americans without affordable health care, well done Trump.
LIAR @realDonaldTrump  Billions that should have gone to #Obamacare are missing, thanks to senators like Marco Rubio
Covfefe?
Trumpcare is more affordable, where is it? #resist #TimeForPresidentPence
How can Democrats be obstructionist there aren't enough of them to obstruct!
The Honorable Barack Obama, Man of Pristine Integrity, Class and Sheer Brilliance continues to LIVE in Poor Donald Trump's head, How PITIFUL
Happy Birthday President Trump!!! Thank you for all you do!!
Hey little Donnie what's mean about the plan you liked?
You goad people like this and you will regret the fallout.
DT you just make crap up as you go along don't you!? How unbelievably stupid does someone have to be in order to believe ANYTHING you say.
You lie all the time. Tell the truth! Insurance companies can't overbill under Obamacare and they bailed, not the people. Regulate insurance
I still believe if GOP let it collapse totally Dems will be glad to have ACHA rescue the american public with healthcare!
You should report the full numbers. I believe that the drop you are seeing is strictly related to you actions.
Source? #truelies #sad
Leave ACA alone and fix it. Pay the bills due so that insurance companies will stay in & not drop out. Leave our healthcare alone!
...loing insurance becauae the insurance cmpany is pulling out.
Do you even know how to read?  You sure as hell can't speak english.
Mr. President:  As a 60YO that gets his h/c through the exchange, I'm counting on u 2 keep your promise:  lower premiums & better coverage!
You are paid to have an answer. You are failing our country

You should be ashamed. screwing over the American people and have no second thoughts about how you are hurting the poor and working classes
I know it's easier to tweet about how "bad" the ACA is. Try to do something about it. And not just shift more of the burden on the poor.
Your poor suffering martyr tactic is wearing a bit thin.
If you don't pay the subsidies, then no more insurance for ACA people. But #trumpdontcare is better? Tell that to 23 mlllion.
YOU HAVE CONTROL OF THE HOUSE & SENATE!  IF YOU CAN'T GET A BILL PASSED-WELL-YOU SHOULD BE SAYING "THE BUCK STOPS HERE" (YOUR DESK)
oh hush up you want poor sick people to die.  More $$ for you.
Sounds like you've got a lot of jealously over Obama considering you can't stop talking about him and downplaying the work he did to HELP
Let's repeal and replace it with Medicare for all. Private health insurers are a drain on the entire system; it'll work much better w/o them
You want to talk about UNFAIR TREATMENT!?! What's unfair is you risking BLOWING UP MY INSURANCE COSTS IN THE GIG ECONOMY!
More lies
More Fake News from @realDonaldTrump.  Have no answer = obfuscate!
With the high premiums, the high deductibles a person can't make ends meet There must be a key to cut out big pharm and make America healthy
What's in a death spiral is your presidency. But agree with one thing: resist! #NotMyPresident
Did you tell the trumpies you are going to tax them more so the top 1% can have a 15% tax rate?
5. Public HCP depends upon family working rehabbing trade school. There is no free healthcare to 25yr stay at home mom/dad no free rides
#fakestats
Stop pointing at the problem provide a viable solution !
You are causing it
#fakeprez
We Can See What fakery you do
You are the only ignorant one not to.
#fakeprez
That's just unsubstantiated bullshit
accuse the other side of that which you are guilty of- Joseph Gobbels. -Nazi propaganda minister
I'll resist this shit all the way to the grave. America was great until you and your billionaire pals both at home and in Russia broke it.
You need to repeal this bill already, why replace it with obamacare lite?  This is shameful.   REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL AND PASS TAX CUTS.
You are causing the death spiral by refusing to fund ACA. Admit it!
#UniversalHealthcare 

Be that great leader for Once
Lies, lies, lies and more lies!
I think we've carried this "anyone can grow up to be president" bit a little too far.
You lie. The GOP defunded it and is trying to kill it with a thousand cuts. The insurance co said as much. #resist indeed.
Could America being 5% of the world's population and consuming 80% of the pharmaceuticals be part of the increasing health crisis?
Wonder where they learned that strategy?
US Government has NO business being in the insurance business!
You're a death spiral.  You really are jealous of President Obama aren't' you????
Your TrumpDontCare plan basically says a big FU to everyone. Everyone. Why do you hate the poor, the sick, the infirm, POC, women, kids...?

No worries. History will show that it happened on your watch. That's what you'll be remembered for.
Dude just let it collapse on its own. If you pull the plug you own its demise. Let it collapse and the blood is on Obamas hands not yours.
People @realDonaldTrump has no idea what the facts are. Totally winging it! Get the facts before u believe a word he says. 4 ur own good!!
#FullRepeal
Liar
Yeah and you better think twice before passing what you propose or you will be a 1 term president
are you kidding? stop exploiting uneducated americans. gop obstructed provisions, still set to roll out thru '20 for lobbyist & bb agenda. 1

Trump, you are pathetic
U won! haha x
Liar 

@realdonaldtrump have you done anything yet to help any Americans with help on healthcare?
Considering the fact that you You signed the EO to kill it. You pulled the ads. You won't pay insurers. Can you REALLY FAKE SURPRISE? liar!
Let Obamacare die and provide a viable roadmap to fix our system.   No con but a substantive health plan
Liar
You continually stated that Hillary had plenty of time and got nothing done. So far you have done nothing substantial.
Not buying your shell game...... darkest comedy administration....it's got a good ring, fits u.....
You and your republican friends destroyed the ACA! Your refusal to work to fix it is because you promised your buddies huge tax breaks!
It's truly scary when you realize the #monster under your bed is real. #trump #manchild #ImpeachTrump
Nothing in Constitution about health care. If people are too stupid to have insurance they should die. Nature's way of improving gene pool.
Your administration is in a death spiral.
It's you @potus, @usagsessions, @genflynn, @jaredkushner @newtgingrich & @speakerryan who are "obstructionist" who "have no answers".
Nope. Lies. Hey! You're under investigation. That's real. Bigly. Byeeee
Try to improve it then. Taking health care away from our citizens by discouraging insurance companies from providing access is immoral.
Oh great.  Just keep attacking.
You are a gasbag
