Tragically, CNN has been supporting your ass from the beginning. They can't get much lower than that, can they?
what's so messed up is everybody wants this guy to be impeached and he and his family will be devastated
the truth is Trump isn't looking @ anythin that we have 2 say he just tweets but we stand together & we impeach!!
Hard to believe it's not on your propaganda channel. Maybe Stormy will be a guest too?
test
@SiberiaCat3 @realDonaldTrump BIG MISTAKE , HUGE !!
Considering it's your daughter, can't imagine it was great.
Considering it is your daughter I can’t believe it will be great
Considering the subject matter, can't imagine it will be great.
No wonder we call her volcano
why did your f.....g daughter give the interview if this is how you feel about CNN
You are not supposed to be saying what you are about your daughter She is not what you are supposed to be saving USA
Stop saying that IS SICK
you're the worst trump the absolute worst!!!
Dying at these
I was going to but I gotta wash my eyes out with bleach at that time. Maybe later
Massacre her #indictJarvanka daddy’s lil #KremlinBarbie will make a fool of herself. They all do! #boycott
CNN is a joke, we the people back you & your family Mr President Donald Trump
63 million people who voted for you to ‘drain the swamp’ were duped. All you’re doing is filling the swamp with your own crooks and cronies.
#fuckfacevonclownstick #illegitimatetrump Given the material the special is about I can't imagine it will be great.
Don't you have better things to do?
Riots !!! Do you get the message.
Your daughter is educated, talented, beautiful and extremely responsible woman!


why isn't Fox doing it?
it was a really good report.  Hope you watched it
was from my 1991 Reynolds Foundation office years when Mel Reynolds told me 2 pick between Barbara & his campaign?!!
CNN IS FAKE NEWS, YET GIVING AN INTERVIEW W/THEM? I KNOW, IT'S ABOUT TV TIME & GETTING PAID! LIKE FATHER LIKE DAUGHTER
What a small man. Sad.
Considering it is Ivanka, can't imagine it will be great.
Saddly, CNN has this reputation.
of course not, cause it will be truthful!!
remember how you want to "date" your daughter?
. Sick of them!
"of all places"? What, no free press? I Forgot, you're in bed w/ everyone...
Can even make crooked people look half decent....a shame you can't handle their complete honesty
Clinton news network will look for anything they can to discredit her. Be strong Ivanka, we know they spew fake news
Thats strange coz every morning you got something stupid to say to Chris Como.whose dad was a real political man
Is it ok to grab your daughter by her pussy? Wondering if there's an exception to your pussy idea! Free pussy grab!! A new American holiday?
IWISH NONE OF U WOULDNT ENTERTAIN CNN ABC NBC MSNBC CBS ETC THEY WILLNOT TREAT UFAIRLY NEVER DONTDO IT THEY MAKE$ OFFU
Great. Then the report will be commensurate with the subject matter. Sad.
Nothing bad to say about her!  Love her!
NO WORRY! Sadly IF IT'S BAD or GOOD! 2/3 Of AMERICA NO LONGER BELIEVE CNN! NOT a Credible NEWS OUTLET!
  " FAKE NEWS" NOW
On @CNN @cnnbrk?? Nah, can't watch. Cannot trust @CNNPolitics #FakeNewsMedia #DeVosHearing
@trump4prez45 thanks for saving us from the globalists movement. Time is right to do what's right MAGA
you don't like it only because they critique you and you can't take the heat. CNN keep up great job. He doesn't count.
There you go being negative again. How are we going to make America Great again being negative?
It was awesome and personally I wish she ran for president... your a piece of work Donald.
she still has a link to shop on her Facebook page. Goes directly to Nordstrom's Ivan's trump line. It's on sale.
Don't you hate being made to look like an ass...by your own damn self?
considering it's about Ivanka, I can't imagine it will be great either, Donny.
Is this the correct Ivanka this time?  LOL ... LOSER.  Doesn't know his own daughter (love interest) twitter handle
i think you should ignore such media house, by quoting them your r giving them publicity at no cost.
Obama divided this country. He set out to destroy America
we love you CONGRATS
yes, any video of your daughters should probably be produced by Vivid videos! Haha
There is really something very wrong with you
get off twitter and cnn, don't normalize trump #dontnormalizetrump
Oh what a pleasant personality our future president has
could be the best classiest interview of all time, but they will still make her look bad just to discredit a trump
WATCH THE VIDEO

ITS ABOUT DONALD TRUMP

CLICK THE LINK NOW

https://youtu.be/VIFrD5w9uhk 
do yourself a favor and stop tweeting. You look ridiculous
Why are a lot of people upset that Tiffany's name wasn't included? She'll have her moment in the sun eventually.
Donald, don't you have anything better to do? Like take an intelligence briefing or something? Seriously.
yes, surprised you let her do it. But she knows how to interact with the press, unlike yourself who's scared.
#trumplethinskin LOL 🖒
let's wait and see.
u don't like CNN so don't watch it
Such an  oxymoron!  Putting down CNN but wanting people to watch your daughter on it!  #nevertrump
- Many can see  -  Mr Trump -lies so much, They can take just the opposite of what he says as the REAL Truth.
I hope they ask her about the shoe law suit and why her products are made in China!  Bring back to the USA or tax it
@MyPalmsResort @CNN  if we fail to mention their name anymore &call them "x" we will strip them identity n render useless
You boob, it wasn't CNN who reported the fake news; just aren't one to educate yourself are you?
It was actually pretty good, positive. She is impressive.
You need to put the phone down, Darling. Presidents actually must work. #resist #twit
Really? Grow up.
He Said he wanted to tap it
Clinton News Network must be looking for a seat in the white house press room,thats why they r doing the Doc on Ivanka
IVANKA IS NOT YOUR DAUGHTER BY DNA ANYWAYS!!!!
How did YOU turn out such a wonderful daughter?
I'm sure it will be great, she has class. I'm hoping the way she carries herself rubs off on you.
hahaha!! Poor Ivanka Majic... a good hardworking woman mistaken for a rich bimbo by her own father...#ivankatrump
don't watch just bs
don't worry, @CNN is still hungry for your scraps
If it's true, it won't be.
she will do just fine @WWmorgan42 @CNN

didn't you once say all publicity is good publicity?
try breitbart, they can make it look like she is a real person
does this kind of comment sound like something a president should say?
.@CNN I think you need some of this, Trump.
CNN president: Network’s ‘credibility is higher than ever’ http://thehill.com/media/314819-cnn-president-networks-credibility-is-higher-than-ever … #Trump #FakeTweets
god, this is amazing. love you donald 
I cant imagine how it Couldn't be great if  Ivanka is the subject. Her capable handling of things delivers on its own!
This is what happens when you're not a thinker - you come across as being very stupid.
you're PATHETIC
coming from drump can't be great either.
-BTW: YOU owe CNN APOLOGY for outlandish resp to CNN's reporting of leased Intel report -AND to accosting Acosta- if a man!
yes, I believe the god of Abraham said to defend your daughter's honor...  as you would your wives, eh?
WRONG for America
liar liar pants on fire
Considering its your daughter, I can't either...
#CNN SO trumplethinskin, how did you like the report on Ivanca?  You prejudged it, you fool.
. Had @FoxNews done this about Obama's daughter, all of the Conservatives would have been accused of Racism.
Ivanka is the most intelligent and classiest of the Trump bunch. Not that it takes much. #therealFLOTUS
I have had no cable for eleven years. To raise my kids so they would eat broccoli
As Trump masturbates thinking about his daughter. Sad!
least it is not the corrupt reporters like at Fox News
perhaps the subject matter is why it won't be great.
CNN does nothing but lie
hopefully they get the real Ivanka considering her own dad got it wrong on twitter! Smh
But yet you are telling everyone to go watch it!  You such a loser!
Power of Petrol Mr @realDonaldTrump
which Ivanka would that be?
THE OTHER IVANKA IS ON SOCIAL MEDIA TALKING.
Considering the subject, it will not be "great"

UNPROVEN sayings BEFORE FACTS AGAIN,@realDonaldTrump & @CNN ?(BOTH DO)Talk carefully if you don't want to create MORE MESS,CONFUSION&ANGER
they will do to her what was done to you.Stab her in the back.Not professional
- Nothing more to complain abt w CNN? You must have considered it "great"! We can't afford such a biased, bigoted POTUS!

Are they going to talk about the incest? It's obvious you want her
You are a sad little man
Always remember truth TRUMPS fact!
Isn't that the daughter you want to date?
Sure it won't be interesting
Is it an infomercial for trump junk?
lol this is a special kind of diss. Ironic yet satisfying. Down with fake news outlet CNN.
Could you be any ruder to @CNN ? Get over it. They didn't say anything that wasn't true!
We all have to deal with idiots and just say, Bless your little brain Alex.
@ChristiChat @CNN Only greatness (accurate reporting) will be tolerated, all others must be replaced so we can #MAGA
Who cares what CNN reports? The Americans who voted you into office do not give a rats hiney what they report.
Did anyone from your campaign meet with Russian officials in August 2016?
must be fake news.
How much money do you owe the Russians? Where are your tax returns?
cant mess up perfection sir.

Don't worry about it. No one that cares watches CNN. Stay focus. They are baiting you.
I can't imagine you not trying to frame the outcome before it happens. It's how marketing works, right Donald?
#treason #icareaboutyourtaxes
considering it's your daughter, can't imagine it will be #relevant
she can handle CNN. She's your daughter
I can't imagine the next presidency will turn out great considering that you think you can be president.
Maybe they'll touch on her in laws the corrupt Kushners of NJ or Ivankas BFF Chelsea or $5200 plate dinner for Corey Booker at her place.
Wrong! Your daughter has more sense than you.
it will probably be fake like your presidency
she is a fake just like your hair and you orange color.
CNN is up to no good.
bill p will have to get another twitter account very soon making racist remarks to Martin Luther King & pedifile post
shame on you
ayy u have a big Electra complex
Ivanka is a smart lady watch her excel with grace and poise. Be a proud father!
Trump, do you not get how ignorant you sound? Stop tweeting yourself out of the last bit of respect we have for you!
afraid they'll be truthful?
I'm sure it'll be about sweatshops and her effort to make China great again, you cheeto-skinned 12 year old.
you better start watching @CNN , then your views and politics might gain a level of competence that it actually requires
grow up already You're going to have enough to keep you busy as president; stop being your own public relations department.
CNN is a great News. Brings out the truth like losers like you
Can Not News
Is Ivanka the one that you would "date" if she wasn't your daughter? Sounds creepy, then so is #goldenshowers
Good Luck today!!! Make America Great Again!!
I'm pretty sure it will cover that strange relationship between you and Ivanka. Your sexual comments & creepy touching
she is hot n classy.
wow, way to piss in the water your daughter is about to drink!
wow...way to support your daughter man...that's real father of the year material...
you married your daughter? or can you not distinguish between your ex-wife and daughter.I guess so many exes it's hard
