#Trump reminds the world daily that he is the wicked one that the righteous should stand against!
#Trump is a liar!
I was taught that 'a righteous man hates lying', and yet Trump lies daily. (https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2017/09/18/daniel-dales-donald-trump-fact-check-updates.html …)
#Trump has no family values
I was taught that it was righteous to 'rejoice in the wife of your youth,' yet Trump abandoned his. Twice.
#Trump is a sexual predator!
I was taught that lust was sinful, yet Trump says "Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything."
It makes no sense that evangelicals have declared an unrepentant reprobate like #Trump as "God's choice."
I cannot, cannot, CANNOT understand why @Franklin_Graham holds Trump in such high esteem.
It makes no sense how hateful you sound. Judging ALL Trump supporters. Yet you support a party that believes in late term ABORTION. Mat23:13
Democrats do not believe in late term abortion. In fact, it's totally illegal in many places. I'm a democrat and I don't like abortion.
But I realize that to decrease abortion we must have sex education, ready access to free birth control, and health screenings.
Stay out of politics you Meddler. If you are a true follower of Jesus then you would realize who trump really is.  Gods kingdom not here-
The statement is contrary to scripture, Frank.  Jesus said "narrow is the road, and few there be that find it". 

There is no righteous many
Do you mean praying for impeachment?
He knows
This is an old story worth repeating. New World Order was first penned decades ago.
US government takes down HAARP website 2 conceal evidence of US weather modification  earthquake inducing warfare. |
First began reading about New World Order in Southern Poverty Law Center 37 years ago.Also many people interpret Revelations Yikes!
Well, that's somewhat right, things are REVEALING themselves.
TRump threatened to destroy North Korea, and you, of all people, are OK with it! What is wrong with Xtians?
He is a EVANRADICAL that carries the seeds of Satan, only Satan is a God of War, we see this false prophet.
I was watching @TBN and a Xtian leader said he agreed with use of atom bombs on Japan!!!  Unbelievable...!
Aren't they hypocrites??!! EVANRADICALS are paid by ZIONISTS, see where they get their example from...KHAZARS! 
Did @Franklin_Graham just equate Trump with 'the righteous?' 

Or did he equate the US with 'the righteous?'

Either way, I'm baffled.
You might want to read it again.  Don't overlook the word "many", #POTUS  is talking to the UN.  Don't spin!
I oppose Trump precisely because I believe that the righteous must stand up to the wicked.

I wish @Franklin_Graham understood that.
I was taught that 'a righteous man hates lying', and yet Trump lies daily. (https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2017/09/18/daniel-dales-donald-trump-fact-check-updates.html …)
I was taught that it was righteous to 'rejoice in the wife of your youth,' yet Trump abandoned his. Twice.
I was taught that greed was sinful, yet Trump amassed millions through fleecing others in his casinos.
I was taught that lust was sinful, yet Trump says "Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything."
I cannot, cannot, CANNOT understand why @Franklin_Graham holds Trump in such high esteem.
evil is in the church or the world is in the church for in the church today it is not what u are but who u are the devil is in the church
...unless they're white and US citizens.  Right, Frank?
We're all praying very hard. Especially since that crazy and stupid speech.
And yet another lie from the Bible thumping, thug himself
I heard most of his address. It was great!
I agree in prayer
What are you talking about? Deep in your soul, do you believe Jesus Christ will endorse this mad man? Please give us a break.
Yes, we pray for Trump ... to be impeached for his wicked ways. #LiarInChief #DelusionalWhiteHouse
Yes, see, because he's the wicked few, and that's why we are all so upset. We're confronting him.
How about we do something that's useful, because he's proven time and time again how useless prayers are?
NEVER, Trump is pure evil! Go ahead do what you all do best, screw everyone 6 days per week & repent on Sunday 
franklin g home and ask your dad to teach you all about the church of god if he knows it and not the doctrine of man which u are well versed
Perfectly said .God Bless
That is exactly what we are doing.
Are greedy capitalists who pay workers low wages, take govt. subsidies, and pollute the environment wicked? Asking for a friend.
' I will be quick to testify against ... adulterers and perjurers, against those who defraud laborers of their wages.' - Malachi 3:5
Hmm.
What about baby killers? You're obviously ok with that... hypocrite
Pray for our country and that your POTUS gets removed ASAP.

Pres. Trump loves God/God is on his Side. We pray for the protection of President Trump, his family and our Country
It's great that the "pussy grabber" knows what's righteous!
hilarious !!!!
I pray every day for him to get out of our White House.
I pray for him too. God has blessed us with a man that loves God and asks for his guidance. He loves Israel and that may be our saving grace
Loved God? Trump never went to church until his campaign told him to, he never asked for forgiveness for his sins, he hurts people in need!
You don't have to go to church to love God God is everywhere
No you don't, but Trump is a walking blasphemy.  God does not support this man and god did not put him in office, ignorance and fear did.
Bye, I give you credit.  You walked into a hornets nest lol.  Passion on all sides.
Lol thank you
You do not need my help Kim.  But it is fun lol.
Oh yes I do I need your help lol
Hold on. There are many righteous?
I pray for him every day.  Twice a day in fact.
Consider praying for the innocent people he threatens with deportation, with loss of healthcare access, and with nuclear annihilation.
Do you mean the criminals who violate the law by coming here illegally. Not so innocent #Snowflake
Do U mean the 8 yr old girls that have crossed 100miles of desert trying 2get 2safety many dying of sadistic hands of exposure of thirst or hunger? What do U think Jesus would do? Maybe if U had 2dig some of their graves in Texas counties that R on border u would change your tune
You do not make laws based on horrible or extreme situations. 8 year old girls belong home with their parents. Maybe if your loved ones were going into those graves you would change your tune. The U.S. can not be the policman nor the parents of the world. #AmericaFirst #Kisses
Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!" 

Sounds like we had horrible or extreme situations in mind at one point.
Just mute or block those A-Holes that said that about it just being a poem and the one that RT’d it. I read some of their accounts and both consider themselves “Christian” hahahaha!!! Life’s too short for fanatic hipocrisy and A-Holes!! I just muted their boneheads!
And to the person? Who said that about Ellis Island evidently doesn’t yet realize that immigrants don’t come in on ships anymore! I muted that hateful nonsense too!
You going to pray for all the folks who will die because their healthcare is taken away, too, Franklin?
Never were more truthful words spoken....and don't worry....the WORLD will stand up to Donald Trump!
I, too, pray for a revival. It's never been a better time to ask, by the Holy Spirit, to be bold witnesses for Christ's sake!
There is no justification of the Gospel that allows you to support this man's actions.
"he's white" that's literally what matters to his base, they prefer a white failure to a successful black president.
What about the black members of his "base"?
You are one of the wicked few.
The evil in this world right now is you and Trump
Fuck this prayer
Let us pray he gets removed, the sooner the better.

GREAT to have a CHRISTIAN President who is PROUD of AMERICA.

Dear God,I ask now 4You to impart wisdom upon our president. Continue to do a great work in his heart. May You b lifted up always inAmen
Amen!
The day after the Rapture, let's have a beer. I'll explain why you were left behind.

I don't believe in God. That's kind of the point.
I do but the fact the Kim is saying it kinda helps your point
Wisdom right from our Heavenly Father! God chose @POTUS & is using him!

Lord Jesus, may You be GLORIFIED IN our Pres Trump! 
Bless & Guard!
Remember when Trump said he'd pay the legal fees of anyone who punched a protester at his rallies? Is that what Jesus would do?

Dear God, please guide President Trump and I pray for his protection and his Family!

You are correct, trump is evil and good will triumph over him, praise the Lord.
This tweet was for those praying for President Trump. Looking at the comments people like you need a lot of prayers. God Bless & Protect our President & the U.S.A.
You're an evil blasphemer.  
"The fruit of that righteousness is peace; its effect is quietness and confidence forever." Isaiah 32:17
"Know the power that is Peace." Black Elk
Only thing necessary for evil 2exit is good men do nothing!
All evil needs is for good Christian people to standby........
My friends and I have been praying daily for POTUS. Thank you!
It’s not working
Father, keep our wonderful President in Your Graces and Protection! Let Angels camp around him!


Every day since he & VP Pence took office...no weapon formed against them shall prosper & corruption will be exposed while truth prevails.
Amen!
If you want to "pray" for something, how about all the people devastated by natural disasters!  No body has time to pray to SATAN himself.
You get that Trump is the wicked few.. right?
His retweet implies he doesn’t understand the meaning of the words “praying for”, it doesn’t say praying with
Righteous? who are the righteous? how are they identified? if it's "the many"...
So you think you’re on God’s side. Giving mouth praise to @POTUS ? He’s no Christian, and I question @Franklin_Graham motives too.
Of course you twisted demons would say something  like this. God help you

Look in the mirror and we shall be saved. Amen.
so called "potus" would rather you start PEEING for him than praying. 
Yes we must stand up to the wicked and evil and that is Trump.
This administration is not #Christian
Every day!
I'm praying for him. 
anyone who considers #trump part of the 'righteous many' hasn't read the Bible or if he/she has, they didn't understand it. #FakeChristian
Trump IS one of the wicked few...
So, will will the Mueller inquiry finally triumph over evil @realDonaldTrump @vp and their merry band of thugs?
Mueller is now investigating the Dems lol. The whole Russia Trump thing backfired on the Dems. Loving every minute of it.
Wow. It never surprises me how dumb a #trumpsupporter can be. Enjoy ur few minutes of laughter. #dotarddon & the gang are going down soon.
Many of us are trying to confront the "wicked few" but we tend to be called "unpatriotic."
U fruit loops sold your souls to the devil. You need help
I'm praying that he is impeached before he gets us all killed with his bombastic words.
Why? He has Not done anything but beat the evil dem rats and is making America great again, more jobs, gdp 3.1,unemployment down in 17 yrs,
His speech was pure propoganda and caters to a fearmongering base.
I will only pray for @POTUS @realDonaldTrumpthat he  leaves office VERY SOON.
Crook
Crook
I’ll hold a black mass instead, because this thrice married man with children from 3 different women is not what I’d call Christian at all.
#impeachTrumpnow
Negative, he reminded the world what happens to some after 70. I do hope he is being seen by a doctor.
We must always pray for our leaders 
I will continue my prayers for the president, however cooler heads can prevail.  Prov 12:8, James 3:8
FOA go see your God.
We need to all join together in prayer.
It's Now Or Never!
I did not know righteous men sexually assault women and make fun of disabled people... He is a scumbag
Do even you believe this utter twaddle?
Not sure @realDonaldTrump read this as it was intended
Eagerly waiting for the day the righteous rise up against you and your ilk.
Who is the righteous here???  The person who lies repeatedly, assaults & demeans women & is the most disrespectful Pres we have had in yrs?
That is why I confront President Trump every day! I will not let evil triumph or take over our country!
OMG.  You are the Anti-Christ. Seriously, you are a false prophet and a degenerate.  Enjoy hell.   Or, actually, don't.
Oops, my conscience made a rare appearance.  I mean - go get 'em man who gets rich off of church donations and acts like an asshole 24/7!
Prayers said.
Franklin- supporting @realDonaldTrump God will have questions for you and your poor choices if you're lucky enough to meet him
#ShameOnYou
Do you really think Trump believes in God? You are praising a serial sinner. I have lost all respect for you.
POTUS is evil, you just cannot see that because you believe all of his lies.  Pray for your family instead.
Praying for him isn't confronting him. Or are you hoping for evil? Did he grab you by the pussy and you liked it too much?
Less praying, more #exorcism.
, @POTUS is a poor theologian to quote. Jesus said "the way is hard that leads to life … those who find it are few" Mat 7:14
Statement reveals a heart that believes the world is basically good except for a few evil people. This is not the Gospel.
He's the evil one that u need to pray about!
He's pretty sick!
Agreed!
No
The @gop is the party of the wicked! Healthcare bill will kill people, millions not able to afford insurance.  Babies will Die without!
No, he stoked a chance at WWIII. You are embarrassing as he is. Bad Christians is all you are... #religionispoison #christonadinosaur
Yes, the POTUS will triumph if we don't pray for a new one, but not Pence.

After more than 8,000 replies, perhaps by now (but I doubt it) you've understood that the "evil one" is named Donald J. Trump.
Praying for @POTUS is, however a good idea. Has he been to confession lately?
At this point praying 4 the world and humanity would probably be a good idea as well because Trump himself is the one planning to unleash it
I call this one "His Evil Agenda"! This is what evil looks like to me...
And if you #Evangelicals continue to insist on supporting a Tin Pot Dictator I'd suggest you get your priorities back in order..
Amen
I have an imaginary friend and he says to me if you pray for him then you will be hunky dory. Everyone say cheese
Sure cause nothing says righteousness like "I just grab em' by the pussy. Women, u have have to treat them like shit. I tried to f**k her."
No thanks.
So you admit that the Republican Party and its President are evil? I mean, that's how I interpreted that.
Hence you need to be confronted!
AMEN !!
You mean pray that evil criminal swaps the White House for the slammer then....
Where is the rightous part of this leader. Jesus was not a hate monger
We ARE confronting you, thanks.
It appears that evil is triumphing.
Can they be imprecatory prayers?
No
His administration being the evil few in this scenario???
Praying For You @POTUS. Sincerely @FlashG_86. The Righteous Many Are Taking A Stand In Jesus Name. Amen. Thank You @Franklin_Graham.
i'll pray for him to get eaten up by the next natural disaster.
He who is first shall be last.  Remember that all you self-righteous Pharisees.
You're hardly righteous.
You Sir are a Fake Christian
Every day!
Praying for Godly wisdom for our President
Amen
You of all people should know that the "spirit" bears witness of itself.
But Trump IS one of the evil few!!
Clickable HTML Email Signature. If you want this signature?
Details for visit-
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
So true!! We need to stand up for our values!!
Praying for the wicked fake president to resign. Yep I can do that.
Sad to see Billy Graham's son turned out this way #FakeChristian #EmptyThePews #Resistance  Money in your "Samaritan's Purse"? no thanks
Amen!
No. He once again showed the world he's a petty name calling juvenile. Whites are NOT superior. USA is not superior! I pray Mueller hurries!
Surely that is a call for all of us to oppose Trump.
Are you seriously going to use @POTUS and righteous in the same sentence? This fouled mouth, two-faced bigot with no respect for GOD or YOU.
I am a Christian @Franklin_Graham . But what I AM NOT IS A HYPOCRITE to this narcissist who preys on women&glorifies EVIL! BLOCKED YOU SIR!
Surely you mean to pray for the US as @Potus is the wicked
but he is the "wicked few!"  Now what?
Trump is the antithesis of morality. He encourages hatred and violence. He will flip flop whichever way the tides turn. Zero integrity
Dear God, "If the righteous many do not confront the wicked evil of #45, the evil will triumph."  Hear our prayers. Amen.
Pray, indeed, for God's divine intervention. Remember, he did use an Ass  to speak.

DT is a terrorist. @FBI @FBIWFO @NSAGov @CIA @TheJusticeDept @HouseJudiciary @HouseJudDems @RepAdamSchiff @tedlieu @MaxineWaters @JoyAnnReid https://twitter.com/BaileyPittipat/status/897442496501993472 …

This cannot be shared enough. Any attempt to question behavior gravely misses crucial fact:

Malignant NPD/APD is absent of human conscience …
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
@realDonaldTrump,
What the actual fuck have you done for the USA?

- draft dodger x5…
Trump is not confronting the wicked he is the wicked and he is evil U  are calling evil good and good evil. You are an accomplice to evil
45 is the wicked
Amen and thank you for your spiritual leadership and encouragement.
Rightwing Evangelicals have trampled the impartiality of GOD for political partisanship. They call the most vile men Righteous if they are R

Frankie, babe, Trump is not righteous. He is the anti-Christ & is conning his minions, including U, who should know an anti-Christ when 1/2
Never. In fact I pray daily that he be sent to prison where he can do no more harm.


How can you be a Christian leader and wholeheartedly and with good conscience endorse and embrace @realDonaldTrump as you keep doing?
If that's what you call Christianity, I have no part of it! Jesus is shaking his head on you.  You do remember what was Jesus MO, right?
Sold your soul.....nice dude!
Pagan spirit worship mumbles ain't gonna help anything
That's the sound of irony's... death rattle, folks. I couldn't make it up. 45 is "the wicked few." [That's for all the Trump train-riders.]
Franklin is a fraud. His father HAS TO BE ASHAMED OF HIM.
Am praying for Trump and all in our country.
You and Trump worship money
We Christians need to remember: All our righteousnesses are filthy rags to God. There is NONE righteous, no, not one.
How true!
Hence the second amendment
Join me in saying @Franklin_Graham  please shut up. You are an embarrassment to Christianity.
Lord, if we have to be reminded we are doomed. The man has never read the Holy book. He proclaimed to totally destroy an entire country.
@Franklin_Graham you are a coward. Putting your politics in front of gods teachings. @POTUS is not a righteous man and you know it.
Silly man. He's confused the righteous many with the wicked few again.
Amen
hhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Who is 'the righteous'  and who is 'the wicked'?
Praying you get indicted. #LockHimUp
Wasn't it Luke who reminded us that "who so ever is dishonest in little things will be dishonest with greater responsibility."
Don the Con.

@TruthinGov2016 @POTUS it's a little backwards though , there are many wicked and only a few righteous
I am joining You in Prayers and Urge everyone to join us in prayers we should have a day of prayers for President TRUMP and for this Country
Jesus wept. Still weeps
funny that's what we say too . But don't think @POTUS is where you think he is in that equation. Hint hint-we continue to confront him daily
It's OK, the real one in charge is our GOD! No matter what happens God is in charge! That's all that truly matters. My life is his! Amem
You're an enabler of evil and  the wicked few! How much have you stolen from your followers? Shame on you!
De same way de world turn blind eyes to de killings of #BIAFRANS #occupied by #british-#nigeria.#Biafran #freedom is a task to all righteous
He is right. That’s why we the people are confronting Trump so that he will not triumph.
Amen! Devils working hard!
Let's start by removing Trump from office.
Shame he didn't remind about 'love thy neighbour'
Yes. He eloquently illustrated the evil of a potential despotic govt such as the one he is creating
