Prove it’s fake!!! Stop saying fake unless you can prove it!!! Come on old man prove it!!!
Respect the president ,low life
Really Trump you can’t think of anything smarter to do then hire people to like you @POTUS
So this is roughly the long-suspected definition of fake news coming from Trump himself. Fake = lacking warmth and friendship towards Trump.
The patriots love you
They are down to 12% of the people having electricity and you call that great? You are horrible and you deserve a -10 not a 10!
News reporters jobs aren't to be your friends
We Puertoricans are grateful to our President.

You get an "F" for Failure, Donald.
Finally an acknowledgement death toll closer to 500+.  Evacuating People is not the answer. Total failure by Trump! https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/08/us/puerto-rico-deaths-fema.html …
F. Y. Trump
just think your next mission to rid USA of  scientology  they are evil
They need help fat man.
The real deal is coming together united in building pottery go back to its wholesome self again
No that wasn't a great day. You tossed paper towels at desperate citizens like they won a prize on the Price is Right. Learn empathy.
Somebody ought to check this out!
Fake as in your concern for the people of Puerto Rico?
You are crazy . Please stop!
Which parts?  Honest question.
Oh it's all real media coverage, you Fake President. You just don't like it!
Türkistan
What’s fake about Vegas!! Need new gun laws !!
How can it be fake when there are cameras there recording every stupid thing you said and did..

The words coming out of your mouth were your own and they were horrible! All you are is a limelight seeker
Let's try this @POTUS , try focusing on something positive and sharing just that in your tweets. No one needs the negativity.

A great day? And then you take a jab at the news? Puerto Ricans are dying, but you had a great day and attack the media. Disconnect.
Throwing paper towels like u were shooting hoops was absolutely disgraceful! U have zero class!! No fake news required-u discredit urself!
Thank you Mr President!
You confused the Air Force with the Coast Guard. You tossed paper towels at people. You called the death of 59 people a miracle.
Why won't authorities release the motive of Las Vegas shooter? Could it be because the truth might set off a civil war? He was a Democrat!
Stop putting lipstick on a pig @realDonaldTrump
Fake Ass President pay up $33mill
Did Trump do a good job in Puerto Rico?
Thank you for visiting us at Calvary Chapel! #MakePuertoRicoGreatAgain
Did anyone tell you they are part of the usa ?  We know you inly recently learned they were an island.

Just because it isn’t in your favor doesn’t make it fake.
Great? GREAT? Where's your empathy?
A narcissistic sociopath doesn’t know empathy, totally foreign concept.
That’s bullshit! All you did was toot your own horn when in reality you FAILED the US citizens in Puerto Rico miserably! Sad
Let Miles Kwok Talk!Let Him tell the Truth!Freedom Speech in USA! Assembly at the White House on October 4 at 2 p.m.(Eastern time), Join us!
The FMSM are evil losers! They care more about tearing POTUS down than MAGA!US
you threw paper towels at people
What’s fake? When u told PR it blew the budget? When u said 16 deaths wasn’t bad? When u said PR didn’t need more water? I can keep going
This is what really happened and what the PR people & the world thought of your shameful words & behaviour #SHAME
Here's what one Puerto Rican said to me about Trump's behaviour today: https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2017/10/03/in-bizarre-visit-donald-trump-compares-puerto-rico-to-a-real-catastrophe-like-katrina-and-congratulates-himself-analysis.html … 



Dopey & Maleficent Trump strike again. Next thing u know, they'll insist Dopey never threw towels at the press conf...too late, already did.
Thanks for making the trip! And glad you found out that concrete is stronger than wood during your visit.
I think you're under the impression that 'fake' means 'not complimentary'. That explains a lot.
That trip was a disaster. Just like your illegitimate presidency. You're a joke and everyone knows it. #WorstPresidentEver
Stop with the tweets. You're making us look bad. #unpresidential
You threw towels like an NBA ball-girl!
So no...not a great day. Just a typical @realDonaldTrump embarrassment
Sad.
Why throw toilet paper at them?
Fake President and phony PR stop. But thank you FEMA and Jimmy Carter for creating FEMA.
You were quite clearly placed in a room full of sycophants. “Alice in Wonderland”, Cruz called it.
Yeah because we can't believe our own eyes and ears! #MorningJoe
People all over the world will realize what a great job you’re doing Mr. President. Keep it up  and lets #MAGA 
K
All we realize is that America was once a great trustworthy nation. These days, not so much.
I’m proudly staying in my country. Here we have free Education, universal healthcare and a strict weapon policy. And we understand democracy
Because Trump claims to be leader of the free world, so we in the 'free world' can comment on what he gets up to. Thanksallthesame.
One man come in the name of love ...

http://www.keknewsnetwork.com 
One will come and go ...
One man comes here to justify ...
The establishments' overthrow ...
IN THE STATE OF TRUMP
ONE LOVE, IN THE STATE OF TRUMP
IN THE STATE OF TRUMP
WHAT MORE IN THE NAME OF TRUMP
#MAGA
#PuertoRico #MAGA
#PuertoRico #MAGA
#PuertoRico #MAGA
I can think of no one better to be @POTUS during reconstruction from catastrophes.

Hand picked by God. #BuilderInChief #MAGA #PuertoRico
"A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday" is not a complete sentence. Add "It was" to the beginning, and then you'll have proper grammar.
Not fake news! Puerto Ricans need water, food, electricity! Are you high? 
You are a f%@king liar! 
Just STOP! Nobody believes You! 
Stop!!!
I love
Great job . I and many others have your back.
They should cuz you vette it first then only see people favorable to you under army protection at secured facilities tossing paper towels to people who need food, water shelter and electricity Dumb A**
A great day? wow, whats wrong whith you. I got tears in my eyes because whats happend there! and you had a GREAT Day? Shame on you.
You went to a rich neighborhood in guaynabo! You didn’t even see what’s really happening on the island! You didn’t do shit!
Stop!! Puerto Ricans American citizens are suffering and need help!  Send the national guards!   https://www.facebook.com/jason.maddy.7/posts/1635371743202043 …
Might have been a great day but throwing paper towels to people is so humiliating and disrespectful
Fool.
What was fake?  You DIDN'T tell them they messed up the budget, you didn't throw paper towels like it was Mardi Gras,...

Great day? Wow!
Pendejo.
Buy me that bmw or I’ll tell everyone about our night in japan
You're so petty.
Fake shmake, it's all the hell you talk about !
Have any paper towels left?



That u lie re "great job" there: unconscionable. The roads are clear, FEMA keeps saying they can't access. 2 weeks w/o aid.
You say nothing about the people of PR and you only did this for more good press, but by the looks of it... There's no good press for you

I’m sure all the residents of Puerto Rico thought it was a ‘great’ day too.  Ass...
Great job Mr President thank God he's guiding you.
God ain't guiding #Trump, he's using him & his misguided heart of privilege.  We pray, in Jesus name, he will guide him & give him wisdom.
"But he will reply, 'I don't know you...get away from me you workers of lawlessness'" Lk 12:27
Stupid Trump can't get it that the vast majority of those in Puerto Rico hate his guts
What could possibly be great about that natural disaster?
I heard you insult them and their hardship. I heard you fight with the mayor. YOU are the one that spews lies!
Yeah, you throw paper towels at dying people. And, you also tell another to have a good time?? You are clueless, born with a silver spoon
Hey you got any more paper towels to fling at people. Resign
#moron

How stupid is it to toss paper towels rolls at people?Afraid to go directly out and meet them and give them condolences?So pathetic you are.
You are an embarrassment to all humans.  #goaway #FakePresident #Resign #Impeach45 @FLOTUS
Your comments about Puerto Rico that it’s costing us  a lot of money was inappropriate especially during a crisis.
So telling them they’re costing too much money & throwing supplies at them like they’re at a Black Friday sale is a good day. Got it.
Fake news everywhere.
Again great day in a country that was destroyed by hurricane total devastation & you're tossing paper towels like you're playing a game SICK
Pretty sure it wasn't a "great day" for millions of people without power, food, or clean drinking water, @POTUS

#25thAmendmentNow
Look on the bright side dude, they are recovering
@realDonaldTrump what NBA player were pretending to be while shooting those paper towels? BTW great shot form, did you eve play hoops?
Where are the billion $ casinos help?
Thank you, sir, for all you do. Now fix the VA.

Unbelievable!! How do you sleep at night? Was hoping you were in the Las Vegas crowd!!
How in the hell do cameras lie? How are interviews with those suffering fake? Pathetic and weak, without a self given pay on the back u cry
We all make mistakes sometimes.  I hope you see how bad this looks with the clarity of hindsight.

Exactly
Everyone’s talking about how stunning it is that only you were unaware that PR is an island.

A great day? Dude people were dieing all around you that's far from great
Up to today! Less than 60% of Puerto Ricans have clean water! 80% of the Island Has NO power! People are suffering/dying! Do your job help!
Yes the paper towels were a real success!

Couldn't bring yourself to call on the mayor could you. Because she would tell the truth like the General you put it charge who said MORE
Can Hurricanes really be steered with Megatron Satellite Lasers??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8eedmYPBLE …
I saw a report where everyone in ICU at one hospital died due to no electricity. We'll see if it's true. I pray it's fake news.
Were those fake paper towels?
A great day!?! People are suffering, dying and have lost everything. That’s a great day for you? Your values are twisted and shameful
And still w duh fake news lol I hope u realize they're a part of the US tsk tsk tsk.
None of it was fake. Stop your bullshit.
haha nooo it isn't thoughhhh.
Mr. President why is the word fake capitalized ?

When will you repay Puerto Rico the $33,000,000 you owe them for your bankrupt golf course?
"Great day" just like the "Wonderful"ness of Vegas. Go to Hiroshima, I hear it's a "Hoot" & Gettysburg is "Huge & Fantastic" #nincompotus
@Potus
https://media.giphy.com/media/3ohhwkbhMrUwEbYRuo/giphy.gif …
Fuck you trump you worthless scum bag. You and your followers can go straight to hell; cause that's exactly where you're headed.
If by great, you mean disgusting display of egomania and narcissism...Ass...is it CGI that the "fake news" is showing??
Is it great that you told them that their tragedy was it a big one is it great that you told them you're blowing budget out of the water
Since most of our presidents have been fake, could u possibly show warmth and friendship?
Hey Eugene... I am sure there’s room for you to tweet on HILARYS page. Have at it man. No dummy’s allowed here. Please??
The most fake thing I saw while you were in Puerto Rico was your hair.
Donald do you ever read the replies to your own tweets? You really should. I don't think you're as popular or believed as you think.
He could leave u there to learn life and help yourself
Trump you need to grow up and stop being self centered your disgraceing yourself your family and the whole United States of America

3/3 If you loved America as much you claim to, you'd resign to some1 capable. Why would you want to be the ruin of something you love??
You need to learn how to talk instead of looking and sounding like a moron. Its hardly fake news when they show you and we hear you. #idiot


I stick with Fox News the most honest news!
Unless what you say and what you do is fake ‘#fake news’ is #fake. #FakePresident #disgusting
For that reason less people lost their lives, but we got 95 %  without electricity, 50% without water, this will take months to reconstruct
Your tweet shows it's only #FakeNews  when you don't like it. Stop whining.
#fakepresident#fakeempathy
Bullshit from Hobart
The hell I am as John Wayne said

When every single news outlet is reporting what a disaster your visit was & only Geraldo Rivera reports otherwise, we all know who's #fake!
Puerto Rico is indeed full of real warmth and friendship.  It is you who are fake, as fake as your orange glow and hair.
Phhhht
What planet are you on??? You were rude, obnoxiuous, did NOT go to see where all the damage is, and told people with no power to "have fun"
yes an embarrassment to this country.
how can it be great if u see the desaster?
Only thing  fake  in Puerto Rico  was  you  Fake President / Papertowels/   We  can only hope 3.5 million Peeps  come to Mainland.
Your actions and your words tell us all we need to kno you are and where your heart is. Most of see you clearly and are not fooled.
Hahaha, whatever
Way to go throwing paper towels. #soclassles
You have no shame . . .
"FAKE NEWS"= the inconvenient TRUTH 
I agree. I told him when the media disagrees with you, then it's fake news. You're a fake president
Really POTUS! You went there and tried to make a mockery of everything shame on you! You're the fake

Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
