I know you're excited and it's hard to reach all the keys with your tiny hands, but it's CongressioNal.
Actually @ossoff specializes in fighting #corruption. Couldn't be a better fit to help impeach the most corrupt "president" ever #FlipThe6th
this coming from a guy who can't even spell Congressional right.
What's a "Congressioal" race? #FlipThe6th Vote for someone who can not only spell, but is a "super" guy! @ossoff #trump #fail
Omg!!!  He can spell too!?  Let's DO this!! #Georgia        1 234  throw that out the door!!  Can we do it? "YES WE CAN!" (Who said that?)
Hey Georgians....Osskoff can't even vote for himself today because he doesn't live in your district! #carpetbagger Vote Bob Gray
Defund sanctuary cities. Why should American taxpayers pay for illegal aliens!
We house, feed, school, & give free medical care - we get criminals, many non-productive people, & women having babies-get to be US citizens
President Trump will get illegal immigration down, then life should improve all round for US citizens!
Trump can't even get his own house in order. Throws his team under the bus time and time again. Can you say crash and burn lol
He can't get his own House sorted out because of back-stabbing Democrats & Media Lackeys.
Right like Obama wasn't thwarted at every turn while the reps were determined 2 make him a 1 term president and defending his citizenship
Absolutely nothing compared to what Trumps been put through, before, during & since the Election.This is a complete Witch-hunt! Embarrassing
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
your fan base must share custody of a single solitary brain cell
Super Liberal Democrat. Kinda sounds like a compliment. Like Super man. Super Hero. Super Mom. So on behalf of @ossoff Thanks, #DontheCon
You literally can't even spell "congressional"... you're just the absolute worst. #FlipThe6th #dumptrump
Liar! He wants to protect the people of GA & America. You only want to help the Ultra Rich, & Large Corps at expense of Middle Class & poor.
I want to retweet this a thousand times myself....
Follow @realDonaldTrump if you think TREASON is a badge of honour. He considered it just doing biz. @PutinRF_Eng got USA to fuck up. @ossoff
Release your visitors logs Mr Trumpkin! Release your taxes but then again, YOU will NEVER be as well liked or as honest as Obama!
Obama released his visitor logs...oh but he was a Trustworthy POTUS!!
White House welcomes visitors who are both our allies and enemies. Many people visit the White House daily, watch the news get the info
Then why not release visitors logs if there isn't any wrong doing, there's a REASON
Idiots are everywhere
Super racist, xenophobe, misogynist, Russian protectionist, robbing America, rarely in WH, usu golfing, flailing and failing at pres job SAD
Raise Taxes on the rich. Like you! #ReleaseYourTaxes
You're out of your fucking mind.
The super douche bag in the White House wants to cut taxes on his rich buddies, destroy healthcare and build a wall with your tax dollars!
Every man must be for the United States or against it. There can be no neutrals; only patriots&traitors."
- Stephen Douglas
Liar-in-Chief shilling for Georgia GOP by spreading lies about #JohnOssoff. #Sad #NotMyPresident #NotNormal @IndivisibleDuke
you are a liar LIAR - (imagine Obama would have tweeted something like this)
You are so full of s***. When will you stop lying?
Do yourself a favor, step down now (too many conflicts of int ) When they get you for collusion, Pence will pardon you. And U.S. lives on.
Hookers peeing on "@POTUS " #dwts #brexit #eastenders #457visas #fakepresident #IOweRussiaMoney #EvacuateBaseBeforeIBombIt # Don'tlookatme
ICE should be visible at voting area. If Ossof favors illegals, GA Dem definitely would do sneak work as IN Canvassers did.
Somebody take this fucking dude's twitter away for Christ's sake. You're fucking embarrassing.
Did no one fix this spelling mistake??? Seriously, it would've taken me one snarky comment and I'm just a random 23 yo
Where is the proof. And don't site Fox. They are fake news.
Praying for victory!
You are a LIAR, and everyone knows. Impeachment hearings begin. You may be the first 'president' hung for Treason and High Crimes.
Gitt'm Trump!
you're a fuckin' liar - and you know it
Stop lying to throw off the fact that you colluded with Putin to win the Presidency. You are not half the President that George W Bush was.
Lol
He would need your signature to do that Mr. President, my gut feeling is that's not going to happen.
The Demos went down to Georgia: What the special election says about Donald Trump
Hallucinating again?
You can't spell.
CongressiOAL...Can trump spell or use spell check/autocorrect?
Hey, why don't you send a carrier fleet after him? Oh that's right; you always send them in the wrong direction. What a putz!
Trump, you don't have a shred of integrity. None. Zero. Zip. Nada.
You do remember you are the President for ALL people, right?!? #asshat
You are confused. That's you
Making typos great again!
Why do you lie so much, Donald? #resist
THANK GOD FOR OUR DEMOCRACY! You wish it were a Dicktatorship...
The scare tactics are so juvenile, so manipulative. You truly are an embarrassment.
#DementiaDonald strikes again with gibberish.
Says guy who Colluded w Russia to win Presidency...We're waiting for the Investigation, pack your bags Sexual Predator!
He also hates puppies and that local sports team that you love.
'Liberal Democrats' arent an American party, you don't have to capitalize the L. But, thanks for that mark of distinction.
Protect us from criminals like you????
You LIE so much and so often you don't even know what truth is. SAD.
@realDonaldTrump #ESAD
*congressional
All the libtard parrot trolls in every Trump post are a true testament to how scared the left really is.

 Keep it up pussies 
and learn how to spell and get a proofreader who will proof your tweets at 3 in the morning
The POTUS violates his oath of office each and every day. This is another of his many, many lies. Intolerable.
Lumpy lies.
Where's your proof? You are spreading false narrative!
and you want to get us all killed, after your bankrupt our country
And the Super Incompetent Treasonous Maniac in the White House wants to protect Russia
Wrong.  These are alternative facts.  Sad!
Sounding nervous about race. Everything in the world and you still play on your phone. 
#trumprussia
#theresistance
#resist
You and @FBI have been protecting criminals Were is that arrest Your a joke
And the GOP wants to cut benefits and  healthcare while giving a tax break to rich people and Trump Russian Buddies and Trump Companies
This is scared boogeyman rhetoric from a failing national party confronting the writing on the wall. Sad! #FlipThe6th
What they DO want is for you to Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show em!
Another lie. #illegitmatepresident
Hire yourself a proof writer! It is SAD to see a president posting illiterate posts. PS, I hope Ossoff wins!
Typical liberal.
BE A PRESIDENT GET OFF TWITTER!! DO YOUR JOB!!DONT GET US ALL KILLED!$
Would you please learn to spell.
Well we have a criminal as president, all those illegal immigrants you used to build your hotels and golf courses, and you don't pay taxes..
You shouldn't slander candidates, it's not professional and more importantly, not presidential.
Do you get paid by the exaggeration & lie or are you physically incapable of doing otherwise? Sadly, I'm not sure which one to bet on.
Sounds like someone hmm,oh ya the terrorist know as Obama ,GA 6th district get the republican vote out
"Congressioal" lol
@DeadofKnight68 They need to elect a Republican in order to fix up and improve their bases in GA. The state needs rebuilt!
1. His current job is going after organized crime
2. Illegals into Georgia?
3. A single Congressman can't raise his districts taxes
I love it when you misspell words.
#GA06, help erase some of our national disgrace @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP. As a party, they don't care about our health care and safety.
The @POTUS @realDonaldTrump wants to make sure Dem doesn't win so he can take away health care, social to give tax cuts to super rich. #GA06
We can smell your fear. Also you've heard about the boy who cried wolf? You've successfully delegitimized yourself w all the lies.
At least the Brits aren't claiming to have a tape of Ossoff offering to sell out his country in exchange for hacking his election!
@POTUS keep up your sad twitter commercials for republicans; you're so unpopular it will only help to elect Dems! #Resist! #TrumpTaxReturn
Someone's being tutored by Betsy Devos 
HE HAS NO INTEREST IN PROTECTING YOU...OH YOU MEAN OTHER CRIMINALS...
This is what I think of a liberal
Republicans vote Democratic, Trump doesn't care about you. He only cares about making money for his family. That the truth
Congressioal? #Congressioal #YouSuck #NotMyPOTUS #ImpeachTrump
This is so not true. IT's time to stop listening to this and make the change. Ossoff all the way!
As long as Russia doesn't have a video of him and hookers making pee pee. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Meanwhile, the super ignorant liberal in the White House wants to line his pockets and lower his taxes (and, can't spell Congressional).
Vote for Jon Ossoff, vote for Jon Ossoff, vote for Jon Ossoff, vote for Jon Ossoff, vote for Jon Ossoff, vote for Jon Ossoff
bad bad fake news so sad bigly bad
jealous much? Jon Ossoff is smarter, more qualified, and has better TV ratings than you, @ossoff is proof you are a loser
Wow...our president still can't even spell..."Congressioal"?? WTF and you're 70 years old huh? Maybe that Alzheimer's is kickin in??
Vote Jon Ossof.
Fake news spread by your president, that himself + cronies are under investigation for collusion with Russia #trumprussia.
All lies! VOTE FOR OSSOFF!
Now every time I see Ossoff- I see a superhero. I can't imagine that was your intent- but thank you! #FlipThe6th
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Trump
#voteyourossoff #FlipThe6th
Vote @ossoff and send a message that the GOP days are numbered so they know that patriots will take our country back from the GOP criminals.
Trump Lies
VOTE OSSOFF
You're protecting an administration of criminals! Including all the people from your campaign that will go to prison, and you!
#BLOTUS, you are pathetic.
How bout a Nixonian "Gee, are y'all skeered of the brown people who'll steal yer welfare just before they rape yer wimmin" stereotype? #FEAR
And exactly how many dead and illegal citizens are going to vote in that election?
No that's what you're trying to do! We are trying to fix it by getting rid of you. #OhioDistrict12
Simply not true. Another Trump lie.
Don't forget the puppies he'll be barbecuing alive. Mmm-mmm, good eatin!
@Cindi1Shorty Come on Georgia   Gotta keep the Dummycrats out!
he wants to prosecute you, investigate Trump family crimes and make you #ReleaseYourTaxes so yeah, pretty much #NoneOfThat
And you, Charles, are everything we've come to expect from the confederate state of Georgia. Keep up with that secondary education! #Dropout
@mchilds319 Telling the truth & promoting the interests of ones constituency does not make someone super liberal per se
Ohhhh  OK I see what you're saying. Right 
Of course I'M super liberal! But what makes Ossoff attractive (& a potentially good leader) is that he is honest, etc.
Your tiny hands missed the @ button @ossoff
Remember that time your tiny hands got shut out in foosball?
You are fake news
Lol "super liberal" 
What a joke dunald
It's a liberal with a cape, dude! You need to keep up.
Is that all he needs to say now to get alt right scurried? Lol 
Zomg the super libs are coming! Oh noes 
Lol
LOL! It's a good trigger phrase for us.
apparently
Shut up!
Don Trump.
Head of the Trump crime family. Just a little sarcasm..
Another tweet, another lie. #SSDD
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigrati...
Jerks
Yikes.
As someone who can spell & does understand economics, your tax plan is raising taxes on mid class because of the deducts you are taking away
And conservative religious hypocrites want to kill millions by taking health insurance away...Don Trump...the don of the TRUMP CRIME FAM
Donald trump is the boogeyman.
While Donny will just tell you all lies on a daily basis and don't even care if he put them in writing.
Ban em all... Hey hey ho ho illegals got to go.. #Trump is doing fine
That's fake news from 45!
Don't let them Mr . President@
My  favorite  président in the world
Yeah he loves just completely butt fucking the system and people.  Loves to talk trash too... #lovemydictator
Make it compulsory to take aptitude test before running for office these Democrats are unbelievably thick as f**k Stupid not good lol
NO ONE wants to protect criminals. You are insane.
oh, honey, checkvyour pants. They are on fire again. Thats gotta hurt
At least he's not a criminal.Supporting Russia. Giving Mex. a New Fence.
They are call center  have our  private information on our direct deposits on all these cards they are not in the United States.
We're coming after you and your cabal of criminals.
Remember when you were a democrat for half of your life? Liar.
What is illegal immigration?
I'm sorry. You meant protect citizens, enforce immigration laws that make sense, and allocate tax dollars responsibly. Your polar opposite.
I believe that they're against Amer
Horse hockey.
that is all they know how to do, not for America
Given everything you say is an outright lie, the opposite must be true. Excellent endorsement.
@AnnCoulter ...time to make him super unemployed, isn't it??...
That bullshit and lies, Mr. president!
Strange I was ready to raise the price of meals for anyone I have complained to; considering; satanic assaults, police reports, ignorance.
LIAR YOU ARE COMRADE 45!
He'll No !,
should not happen.
What does super liberal mean?
Who wants a polished snowflake president?? Keep up the good work & keep it real as you do 
