@TheresePicard president Trump they are attacking you but God is on your side we love you thank you be strong sir
we pray for you everyday. I know I do. Pray to St Michael The Archangel to defend you in
your day of battle and be your safeguard against the wickedness and snares of devil. May God
rebuke him we humble pray, oh do thou of Prince of the Heavenly Host, By the power of God
cast into Hell, Satan and all his evil followers who prowl thru this world seeking the ruins
of souls. In this case, that's the DEMOCRATS, MSM, Hollywood and all the liberal lunatics
Certainly watch your step Stay safe I wish I could help in some way. Defending you to peeps is a battle I can't win but I'll keep trying 
WE LOVE YOU STAY STRONG  DO RIGHT  BE HONEST MOVE FORWARD THE REST CAN F OFF We believe in you You've proven u r about making us great. 
Melted, not just the snow, in Davos Mr T. Way forward.
GOOD MORNING FROM CALI
I love you Donald Trump, Hillary is bad
Fucking libturd zombies have no idea what is going on, and they refuse to even research, believe everything CNN says.
No....Thank "YOU" Mr. President and God Bless you!!!!
OHIO LOVES YOU AND SUPPORTS YOU AND I AND MY FAMILY LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU!!!  
Thank you sir and God Bless you
.
..
.

Thank You Trump for the Courage to Fight the Evil Democrats!
leave
Leave.... Trump is going to win 4 more years after he's done with his first term.   Get used to it.  
when's he gonna do that? before or after he gets impeached?
You're such a clown. Oh man .. the little pieces are building now. Eagerly awaiting the fall.  Have a GREAT sleep, Bubba!
.How dare Kellyanne Conway disgrace the oval office.To think she would dare disgrace the office where Monica Lewinsky knelt.
Thank you! Best President in more than over 40yrs! Great speech, faith your actions will be your word. Bless!
Fabulous  speech, sir.
For what?
THANK YOU right back Mr president. That was an awesome address to the American people.
you hit it out of the ballpark!  Home run Mr. President! !!
No sir THANK U
awesome speech and this is why we voted for you!
Grande Slam Home Run!!! Bring unity to our country!
fantastic  speech you are truly learning the job. Great simply  great
You are most welcome, Mr. President. We THANK YOU! 
yes thank you for screwing over the country for your own interests..I challenge you to a day in my life...
All those who snubbed you while you trying to bring the Congress together looked pretty pathetic!
who are you thanking? Yourself?
So Proud YOU ARE MY PRESIDENT SIR
Not mine .Yet I am proud .
Mr Trump  Thankyou From the People Sho Love America And Seen All The bad that has Happened.  God Put You In This Position!
Ölmek istiyorum! Acılarım dinsin istiyorum! Bu azap dinsin istiyorum. İntihar edebilirim.
this is so sad b/c it confirms completely that all you care about is people liking you. All you did was stick to a script 
who are you thanking? Putin, I guess.
YES! A thank you note is so much better when it comes in honest, down to earth, heartfelt CAPSLOCK!
I think the sentiment was as heartfelt as "BLESS YOUR HEART." He's not exactly the gracious type.
you were wonderful!
Thank You Mr Trump
You're not welcome, and you never will be.
Thank you!!
you're welcome mr. President
thank you for once looking semi-presidential. Nice speech now let's see if you can pull any if it off.

"Donald John Chump." "Donald John Chump." "Donald John Chump." "Donald John Chump." "Donald John Chump." "Donald John Chump
sir every successful people suffered in life true but we can't say rich people kids are not brilliant that's y to have
.@realDonaldTrump you mean, #ThankYouObama
um I'm sorry my income did not...where is my check?
So there is this thing in statistics called averages--the "TYPICAL household income grew by $2,800."
suck my dick
That comment is so disrespectful.  Who raised you?  You should be ashamed of yourself.
Debbie describes herself as deplorable but chides others for not being proper enough.
I call myself deplorable because that is what HRC called me.  I am just a normal person good/bad
She said that was for racists, misogynists and homophobic. Which one are you?
Wow...you are calling me names too.  Ok, you are an unhappy person lashing out I get it.
She said anyone who votes for Trump by the way.Janice...are you getting paid for this? My my...
No need to thank me.I'll keep on berating you until the day you leave the white house with your head hung in shame.
He cant experience a emotion like shame, he's a Narcissistic sociopath. They see ppl as objects 2 manipulate
Lmao real men need to lead this country and finally, Trump is here!! He's the one. 8 years Big Trump! Stay strong. I have your 6!!
WAKE UP "Barb"! Educate yourself! Ask somebody, u are ignorantly supporting a bafoon.
I don't have to ask any1. I've done my homework. Hillary as POTUS? FUCK that ACA snowballed everyone. My taxes paying for illegals? No more
They come here and do the jobs no one else wants to do for $3 an hour. This countries BACKBONE.
Time for Americans to get off their asses and work. $3 hardly seems fair does it!? Willing to pay $50 for  for LEGALS to earn $8!
You're not WELCOME
You need to reply with CAPSLOCK ON.DONNIE DOESN'T UNDERSTAND OTHERWISE !
We are hostage in Iran plz help us that can change regime islamic and we willbe freedom
That’s alright!
This is a set up for civil war. Libs/dems. Watch your back!! They are desperate
You so the man, I'm Maori low income I hear and see reason, not like those idiots corrupt and keep on keeping on ripping the poor and more
THANK YOU!...
You are not welcome. Not in my country, no.
who wants to go to your county anyway?
only with a drone strike

Sweetheart, the election has been over for months. The impeachment hast just begun. UNPRESIDENTING!
haha never happening dear. We have the house and Senate.  And after last night 2018 will.be a shalacking
And it may be a shalacking, but it won't be a shellacking. It'll be an impeachment.
not going to happen dear.
You'll see.
Remember: you heard it it, hon.
thank you for going twenty minutes without mocking anyone with a disability.
I think that we can lower health insurance by cutting obesity, our food has too many chemicals and fake food. Thanks for U
No Thank You!
Making America Great !!!
You are NOT welcome. Go back to Russia.
JUST WANT TO THANK YOU FOR RELIEVING MY MIND ON SOCIAL SECURITY AND MEDICARE  MAKE  DEMS. PUT MONEY BACK OBAMA STOLE 4 ACA
Mr @realDonaldTrump I beg you to do the acts of peace, to start demining the world.
your not welcome.
these women r stupid!! Pay them no mind! They Rep a small group bc they sure don't Rep me
hehehehehehehehe
Your emergence is symptomatic of a man backed by God. Such persons don't ever fail. Just stay focussed.
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
1st speech in Jan, 280,000+ . This one about 100,000 LESS .  What did you do, Donny? Better get it together somehow.
Thank u Mr. President please tell AG Sessions to hang in there we stand by him.
who's we? Speak for yourself.
Didn't even waste my time listening to your lies.  #ImpeachTrump #FiretheFool #resist #notmypresident
welcome
You read words on a screen and act like you did quantum physics in your head. Congrats on reading on a 4th grade level.
No, thank you! You as president is showing more and more people how great a job @POTUS44 really did.
Its like when you start to wonder if your $42 Old Homestead burger is really worth it, and then eat at McDonald's.
for w
@potus you owe and answer to the father of Owens with a investigation
you made me proud President Trump. I have believed in you from the beginning. Your heart is for America.
His heart is for racists. Most decent Americana can't stand him.
delete your account.
Thank you!
for being a liar? your welcome bigly!
and I suppose you're Obama is not a liar if you say that I swear you're the biggest liar of anyone
Trump and Russia...to cowards working together.
Yes, thnx for your accurate reporting of #FakePresident#FakeAdministration @CNN @nytimes @MSNBC @nbc @CBS @washingtonpost

you're not welcome.
FUCK YOU!
GOD BLESS YOU AND PROTECT AND LEAD YOU PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP
Seriously Donald, ditch the haircut and have a re-style.  You could be so much more credible.  Your wife would be pleased.
I assume this "thank you" is directed to President @BarackObama for the amazing state of the union he left for you.
THANK YOU....for all your hard work, my self and my family appreciate your hard work, under horrible conditions and attracts from democrats!
when will you resign?
Please keep up the good work, America needs you. Sorry for the rudeness of those on the left, they forgot they were us
You started at the bottom and it's been downhill ever since.
THANK You sir
Obama tapped your phones?  It was your Russian pal.... frankly, you're not that interesting.
Defective Deflective fool.
YOU'RE WELCOME!
President Trump UR doing an amazing job,we the people are behind U 100% UR doing what we prayed4!!! XO
#TRUMP2020
大美兴，川普王
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
you're welcome!

Many of 45's Twitter followers fake or Russian according to Forbes analysis https://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/?toURL=https://www.forbes.com/sites/robsalkowitz/2017/01/17/trumps-20-million-twitter-followers-get-smaller-under-the-microscope/&refURL=https://www.google.ca/&referrer=https://www.google.ca/ … https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/837388305020903424 …
and people making fun of him. That's why I'm here.
You have a lot of support here in fly over country sir.
No Sir, Thank You Mr. President. You're coming along very nicely! We all knew that we needed you at the helm
your doing great work for western society thank you mr president
for what? For finding morentrump connections to Russia? Welcome!
not welcome. But I'm planning a great party when they hang you on the capital steps for treason
no thank you Mr President. You are doing an excellent job. Stand firm and preserver. Most American's support you!
you are welcome sir.
MUST WATCH!! Bernie Sanders' response to Trump's speech to Congress. https://youtu.be/8eK-5ivYb3o 
FOR WHAT
Putin says, "You're welcome!"
THANK YOU,MR PRESIDENT
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRESIDENT TRUMP YOUR DOING A GREAT JOB I WISH YOU WERE IN CHARGE OF AUSTRALIA  AND DRIAN THE SWAMP Will you visit AUSTRALIA
Thank You, President Trump! Your speech was uplifting, inspiring and gave hope to all Americans.
NOT ME!
you're welcome daddy
señor no se meta con Venezuela nosotros somos un país libre y soberano
No thank you POTUS. Keep up the great work. Now lets investigate Obama, Hillary and all the democrats who used private emails too.
Thank God for sending you to us and Thank You for accepting this job. You're the only one who can save USA #MAGA #DTS
WHY?
no problem hail hail trump is here
Give us the opportunity, help us! Put us out there, the numbers are many! Please LISTEN to us, and let us show our support!
...
de nada tio cualquier cosa abre tt
you lost the popular vote! HaHaHa #loser
I gots to work on my monotone intonation tho
who?China?
FOR WHAT? AND WHY ARE WE YELLING?
you 're welcome
Mr. President, I believe that you must pop this pimple! Pedophiles must be eliminated. I know you know...

he wouldn't know truth if it slapped him in the face. I'd love to be the one to let him know what truth is
You are NOT fucking welcome my orange predatory friend.
You're people love you
You're the best president of the United States in years with difference.
I wish you a long life mr. President.
for what? The truth?
Don't mention it.  @realDonaldTrump
keep doing what you are doing. In @realDonaldTrump we trust

thor mareh ami sudhi
watch ur back u have whisperers among u releasing info under anonymity fire comey n bannon I feel is a whisperer
help Paragould AR
You djt have spent 31% of your time "in office PLAYING GOLF in FloriDUH!!!  WTF???  #djtWEAKLAZYLOSER #DJTHATESUS #IMPEACH
thank u but can't you find out who was investigating your friends and advisors before you were even elected ? Obamaites
FOR WHAT SIR
I am just flabbergasted at all the hate tweets you get and how nasty people are to each other. Hate a wasted energy to have
I totally agree change but I'll tell you what it pisses me off to see these jerks doing all this to him
thank you Mr. President and we love you
Mr POTUS. You did a superb job. keep up the good work.
President Trump.  Keep hitting Pelosi and Schubert harder.  Do not let them push you around. Thank God we have you.....
R E P R E S E N T R E P R S E N T R E O R E S E N T
you are a liar. The attorneys general and lying about contact with Russia. You scare me for our country.
No, Thank U!
Dear White House Staff:
•Nixon's staff went to prison. •Nixon did not. 
•Call @washingtonpost @nytimes 
•Save yourself…
@POTUS 

#LatinMass
#CatholicsPrayForTeamTrump
GodBless all great #AmericanPatriots

#PeaceThroughStrength
Putin in reference to the presidential election: you're welcome.
NEVER
данила забери меня из рашки 
Thank you Mr. President, proud to call you Mr. President
You're doing great Mr President!!  We love you and support you!!  Don't listen to those liberals!  We are behind you!!
it's so funny 2 me,all haters follow/read all your posts,when I don't care 4 someone, I listen/care about nothing they say
consider allowing states to set up own Single Payer HC and opt out of AHCA. (And keep the Medicaid just as you proposed)
No, thank you Donald, we love you!!!
thanks for nothing president small hands
No sir, thank YOU! God bless you and yours.
#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
A real president does not tweet . Geez. at least act presidential, pretend you know how.
