Hypocrisy to the highest level. Trump allows and even encourages this kind of behaviour. Racist USA needs to be put under human rights watch
That would be MURDERED , by one of your supporters due to your hateful rhetoric.
But you still won't call this for what it is: Domestic terrorism. #whiteterrorism #justasbad #notnegotiable
White's are more likely to get shot by police. BLM CNN fake news other left groups lie harder for whites today fact check. Ps KKK is evil!!
We love you President Trump!The people in this world are so hateful & corrupt!I pray you get the vetting proposal through &close our borders
bot face
Did Putin tell you to say that?
lol, looks like you're having a convo with him on my timeline xD
Haha! Sorry! I'll ease up a bit. But it sure is fun. 
you're good, just thought it was funny 
Thanks Dylan! 
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville,...
There are 2 sides to this - right and wrong.
adc
হি
Do you know her name?
Regards to my daughter @realDonaldTrump , I don't think you care about anyone else but yourself and those who follows you.......
Her blood is on your hands, Donald J. Trump.
Trump u r void of compassion all u want is 4 ur minions 2 kiss ur ass 24/7 something is wrong wth u how do u really feel about Jared a Jew?
India temporarily shuts down the internet on handheld devices locally to quell violence, calm crowds.  America should also start doing this.
Lol no you're retarded
Hello. 
Trying to figure this out. Interesting.
विश्व  समुदाय  से इस युबा का अपील साहब स्वाच्छता को राजनितिक  मुद्दा  ना बनने दे   क्यूकी आने  वाले  पीढ़ी  माफ़  नहीँ करेँगे
Mr. President convene a prayer meeting over North Korea
Don't blame the President! Blame yourselves!
This just helps show all the danger in different religious beliefs in this country.Maybe that should strictly be made aware to the nation.
Especially other radical beliefs like witchcraft and paganism. Sacrifices is a danger to all life.educating the young generation about orgin
Virginia governor, Charlottsville mayor, and the judge who granted the permit sit it all up.  They caused Heather's death to frame President
It's really sad that you are out president. 44 forever
Sick disrespect

you are a joke resign and do are country a favor  you are a con man and needs to go.
Very sad! Disappointed bigly you didn't call out BLM and Antifa
You are pathetic and your lies can be easily fact-checked. Why can't you wrap your head around . . . Oh never mind. Can you just resign now?
Her mother took the spotlight away from you.  She was really eloquent!  Too bad you don't have those smarts.
President Trump keep up the great work and don't let the left wing Marxist Democratic party stop you
Agreed Frank
Hihi
An encouragement smile for both them and those suffering from the terror attack in spain! :)
Yes & u called ur voters fine ppl. She went on TV & said she didn't want to C u or talk 2 u!
Like you give a shit.
Far Right Extremists and their Terrorism need to be called out for that!  Talk about what those hate groups have done to American citizens!
you mean the victim of the terror attack. Say what it is. A racist terror attack.
Very Sad But the Mother of the girl killed had no right to say she would not take a call from you. Her daughter was causing fights
The family does not accept your condolences because of your disturbing behavior.
Actually her mother has accepted it and has even praised POTUS
BECAUSE OF TRUMP.. GET  HIM OUT OF OFFICE NOW  BEFOR MORE DAMAGE BE CAUSE, I ASSURE YOU IT WILL LONG AS TRUMP IS STILL IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
stop blaming the left...the prob is white supremacy.
Best regards????? Are you serious? Wishing someone best regards for being injured. I have nothing more to say.
You killed her. How do you sleep at night?
You're a very bad man! So sad! Worst Regards.
Unless you watch n listen to fox news n Sean Hannity you don't know your facts. Fake news spews hate. #love is the objective not hate.
best regards to those being impeached...
You can't even say her name? What is wrong with you?
best regards?
#resignnow
Praying 
Bitter sweet truth is #HeatherHyer is GONE due to the cause of hate u influence. BUT she's in paradise ! & You're bringing HELL onto earth.
#RIP #heatherhyer
Best regards???? What does that mean??
Keep up the good work mr. president. You told it like it happened in Charlottesville and the left can't handle the truth
u don't matter go get you Winery and get out of Charlottesville
#HeatherHeyer supporting Commie @SenSanders call for blood in streets died participating in violent Left #cville assault on #1A permit cits.
Very saddened the mother of the young woman killed wont speak to President Trump. Trump condemned both sides even while awaiting all facts.
As long as she doesn't speak to her daughter's real murderer's the mayor and the governor who let the violence happen
How could all you people still support him? This is like how people are still supporting Jake Paul
Best regards? SO SAD??? She is dead, have some respect!!!
Can you say her name? #HeatherHeyer
Dude go back to School
Can't pick up the phone. Oh ya. I hear you called during the funeral. Mum won't talk to you
Yeah you seem really torn up about it. Best regards to you I hope you feel better. Lol
"Best regards" ?
WTF
#25thAmendmentNow
Wtf is this shit ...
Please don't respond to the Mother - She is in shock and has no idea what her daughter was doing RIP
THOSE PARENTS DONT WANT TO TALK TO U DONALD. U SHOWED UR TRUE COLORS & THEY WERENT PRETTY. TOO LITTLE TOO LATE. U FAILED. AGAIN
SAY HER NAME!
It is sad that we are in this place of violence.  Please stay true to your values, your vision for America.  Don't cave to the fake media
I hear that they do not want condolences. They want this administration to stop defending racism and fanning flames of hatred.
111k  to 23.5k responds  I believe Thst speaks for itself on Trumps approval ratings!!
You know that ignorance is universal
smh.........
SAY HER NAME.  DISAVOW THE TERRORIST GROUP WHO KILLED HER
How about disavowing antifa/BLM thugs who actually started violence-T condemned all w/1st statement still awaiting facts of those involved!
I'd rather condemn the neo-Nazis but thanks!
Please #arrestSoros
ARE HEARTS ARE SO SAD FOR YOUR SENSELESS LOSE! MY PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY TODAY AND THROUGH THIS TRAGIC LOSE!  GOD BLESS!
VA gov & mayor lied, defended the real perpetrators, encouraged the riots hoping to score political points. They should be sued.
If U R happy with how the last 6 months has gone, then change nothing, BUT if u're not, THEN maybe some analyzing needs 2 take place.
My President! Pls hold the George Soros owned biased Socialist Liberal Press accountable and brought to justice 4 fake news
Yes, it is sad.
so sad!
@realDonaldTrump
You have my vote Mr. President for all the good you have done exposing the people that yell at you everyday.  Awesome work Sir.
HER OWN MOTHER DOESN'T EVEN WANT TO TALK TO YOU!!! HER DAUGHTER WAS A HERO!!!!
Her name is Heather Heyer.
What makes the terrorist who killed her different from other terrorists you abhor?
Heather Heyer's mother says she doesn't want to talk to you. Period.
She was from VA, a Confederate state. Killer was from OH, a Union state. He killed her b/c she wanted her state to remove statue of traitor
That was a setup to blame trump. By obama and soros. Neither one cares about America. That's why they have to pay protesters to do hate
Exactly!!
I didn't quite understand when they said this would be an historical election now i do. It's good vs evil. The good will win #maga
No" Sometimes  God Let the Devil  Think He's  Winning....REMEMBER That.
President Trump is devil free!!!Devils can't hide!
'Best regards' to them? Yippy are THE WRONG GUY for a president.  Get TF out!
"Best Regards"? "So sad"? YOU ARE A JJJJOOOOKKKKKEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"So sad!" What the hell man.
Your son in law and daughter are people Neo-Nazi want to harm! Listen, Hear, Feal and Understand that this is a threat to you #nohate
Dickwad. But then again, i'm sure NO ONE there wanted you in their clean space. It would take forever to wash your stink off. #NAZILOVER
ILLiberals(democrats)side with demonic moslems.The USA has a moslem problem. moslem=satan
Help us get your type in Nigeria
Best regards? Are you signing fan mail?
Her name is Heather Heyer!  Too busy defending the Nazis to make note of that? Sad!
If you think it is really sad, please do not put victims in the future. If you can not do it, please tie down with these people.
Terrible things what have you done. You can't win the next election.
Why can't you order to stop the mess up for riots. Tell them for the peace and harmony.
There was peace till the anarchist were bussed in.
Peace? You mean the Nazis? Nazis don't deserve peace.
Resign already!  Your impeachment is right around the corner anyway. Just go before you cause more deaths and destruction.
SAY HER NAME #HeatherHeyer
"Best Regards?" Condolences on your failing presidency. So bad!
Don't look like a bunch of violent #WS to me! It WAS a setup and a bunch of violent #antifa that #Democrats embrace. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JSOoh_bbvwU …
You're the sad one!
Dumb and Dumber #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRacism #resist #theresistance #Impeach45 #lgbt #faketrump #heatherheyer #LoveTrumpsHate #bigotinchief
"Best regards"?! You're legitimately out to lunch and out of touch. #outtolunch #alsoyouareinsane

Your racism is showing with this shallow tweet. Family deserves a call
You should resign
Son stop lying.  Say that the KKK and Neo-Nazis are wrong already.  I raised you better than to be a nazi sympathizer
Best regards? For people run down by a car?What the hell is wrong with you, man?U don't even have a grasp of etiquette and the english lang
Young woman? You can't even say her name, call her mother, attend the funeral of an American murdered by Nazi's? Rot in hell.
Hey!i got an idea,one that you proffessed, go shoot someone and we'll  see if you lose yur base now.i guarantee you are no better than us.
Sorry for the loss. I am Jewish. Is alt- left going to 'sanitize' history WWI, WWII & the Holocaust? We learn by history so don't rewrite.
#Whitesupremacy
The racist #Confederates are the assassins of #Lincoln!
#Nazis are assassins of #Kennedy!
Which side are you on #Trump?
How dare you fake grieve this young American woman,and then stick up for the group that commited this heinous crime,.Impeach criminal Pres.
The Confederates were the parasites of the slave laborers and so did not prosper and hamper the progress of the United States of América.
EVIL TOOK A LIVE
RESPOSIBLE BOTH SIDES
THEY FEEL HATE MR PRESIDENT
AVIL EMOTION
There isn't room for 1% of ambiguity concerning racist in #Charlottesville. You left about 15%. Segregation still existed in our lifetime
Best regards? Really? People were injured, how about " wishing all of you speedy and complete recovery." Also, Heather Heyer has a name.
You are a #FakePresident  enjoy while you can, which is NOT too long.

Wrong Liberturd! @GovMcAuliffe is the ONE with BLOOD ON HIS HANDS! HE gave the #StandDown Order!

The Nazi-esque symbol that the NeoLibs have chosen may be intended 2 equate Trump 2 Nazis, but it actually equates those waving it 2 Nazis
Maybe you should GO TO CHARLOTTESVILLE and FOCUS on the INCIDENTS and STOP THE HATING OF FELLOW AMERICANS.
America is losing. I LIED to the American people in saying I would replace Yellen as the first thing I do as the Lotus Potus.
Wasn't equal sided.. LIVE pictures don't lie.. but you do!
Sure you're NOT a racist but you ARE a sympathizer... That's as bad
BOTH SIDES KILL THE WOMEN
HATE AN EVIL EMOTION
BAD
Killed by the people you called wonderful, who shouted anti-Semitic remarks. Time for you to go! Do us a favor..resign!!
Your a boob
Ggh
Trump, your statements on this event were very clear where your sympathies lie.  You lie constantly, are a bigot and disgraceful to all!
Thanks to u but I hope u paid the fine right
Stop it
U r fos
You are a racist.
Ass
You encouraged this ugliness...her blood is on your hands.
Her name was Heather Hayes, sir, the young ladies name was Heather Hayes.
Best regards? That's an odd way of addressing victims of white male terrorism.
Stay the course mr president. We're with you all the way.
Does it upset you @BarackObama had a better response message which broke Twitter record likes and you only have 110k on this. Sure it is 
Say her name.
so sad.
Pretty sure her family doesn't need to hear that from you. Think it's sad? Then do something about your supporters terrorizing our country.
You might as well have been sitting in the driver's seat, sir. I'll put this in language you will understand: You are a bad person.
A Terrorist killed her! So eager to claim any person of color a terrorist but not actual home grown one?!! You couldn't say her name even!!
@realDonaldTrump You suck!
An on-the-ground account of #Charleston events. I trust the verifier.   https://www.facebook.com/mariana.evica/posts/10154995281558230?comment_id=10154995316558230&reply_comment_id=10154995346873230&notif_t=feed_comment_reply&notif_id=1502992758639355 …
This account is completely consistent with live reporting and video from Friday night.
Time to clean our house.
 STEVE BANNON WHITE NATIONALIST
STEVE MILLER WHITE NATIONALIST 
SEB GORKA NAZI WHITE NATIONALIST  
Need to be fired
Listen:
