So why doesn't gov step in and control what pharma can charge?  DR fees controlled by Medicare. Nobody controls drug companies.
The VA does. So do other countries where meds are far cheaper.
Super mad at the Merck CEO, hunh? HAHAHA What a man child.
When did the Novartis check clear?  Are any companies honest?
The ones that use Essential Consulting? Doubtful.
Reschedule cannibis ..#freegodsplant
You've done nothing, nada, diddly to rein in drug prices.  I believe you said it would hurt these hugely profitable companies.  So,why Merck &why now?
Your proposed lower tax rates for corporations guarantee they can stay out of America AND reap HUGE PROFITS. Lower only for mainland based


.@realDonaldTrump said one year ago that price-hiking drug companies were “getting away with murder.” Now, he’s nominated Alex Azar, a drug company executive with a history of raising prescription drug prices, to lead …
Pot calling the kettle black on jobs and prices, but the theory is correct
Hmmm...go with Novartis. Right Donnie....? 
Fuckers.  Bet they didn't even pony up for Cohen's "consulting".
Or is it that the greatest tax-cut beneficiaries should invest in Merck stock?
It's almost like @Merck paid you to promote them 
Distracting from Novartis payoffs?  Going after competitors?
Is that a threat? Or do you have your hand out for a bribe?

@Novartis admitted it paid out 1.2 mil to your lawyer, so @Merck was next?

That is how the Mob operates
High drug prices are all on you, not some drug manufacturer. It's within your power to reinstate price caps.
Hey this story seems to have gone away... I wonder why??
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring j...
This tweet on gardasil site...WHY hasn't gov BANNED this vaccine!!!!  It's dangerous. And useless.  Biggest scam EVER!!!!!
Or... better yet... CONTROL THEIR PRICES!!!  Government control of drug prices.  I'm tired of going to Canada for rx's!!!!!
Hey, can you stop pushing and delaying this further? If you can bring pharma prices down i'm sure your approval rating will skyrocket. . #drugspeech #PrescriptionDrugs #BigPharmaJobs #polls #Political #PoliticsToday #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare
Have you done anything with this or was this a gold toilet rant.
Yo
Ahem... the FDA report to The United States Department of Health and Human Services. AKA you @potus
And stop poisoning our children
Ok pres fix that problem
#legalizemarijuana and #BigPharma will have to bend. This makes too much sense though so...
Really because @Merck just opened up a drug manufacturing plant in Research Triangle Park area pretty recently...
@realDonaldTrump You need to bring jobs back over here to The United States
@realDonaldTrump you need to bring down the Drug prices
Congratulations for a marvelous move to aid our veterans I've read the entire program as printed and approve.
Please, Mr. President put a stop to it
Yeah 
You never tell your enemy what you are going to do 
KUDOS
Let's NOT forget about Health Insurance Co's n bed w/ Big Pharma,more financial incentives 2 Pedis/Docs who dole out vaxs and meds!
Amen
bring your jobs back to USA. But you criticize everyone else
PROHIBIT BIG PHARMA FROM ADVERTISING ON TV. WE AND NEW ZEALAND ARE THE ONLY COUNTRIES THAT ALLOW ADVERTISING OF THEIR TRASH!!! STOP IT!
Some people can't afford their meds and are doing w/o for being overcharged.
Since Unaffordable Care Act My RX's cost over $1200/mo plus refusal of insurance to cover it Hardworking hubby can never retire
Yes lower the price is the ridiculous how can seniors and middle-class afford their medication maybe that's why some of them do die
Can't something be done to punish them? I will not use BIG PHARMA drugs even if I have to die. I use all natural and as healthy as a horse.
Illegals should have only emergency health care on Tax payer $$$
Price controls and Government funding should be capped &reduced. Better to spend$$on health care. Samecap&reduction to Health care too!
Right in, Prez!  Keep it up!
Plz help us
See if republicans will create a law against high drug prices.
And killing people with over prescribing
Why are you and your family still not manufacturing in America?
Your one of the biggest babies I've ever seen! Growing up means taking responsibility for your wrongs & surprise you r human, #uramistake
It is outrageous when a 30 day supply of medication cost $2,245.00!!???
Ban advertising for a start then
REAL Americans are tired of Big Pharma and Health Insurance companies making the decisions about our healthcare. We want OUR voices heard!
Want big Pharma to stop running the show? Federal legalization of cannabis. rX drugs can't hold a candle to it!
#nobodylikesyoutrump
Your right Mr. President. And there's no reason vaccine prices are as high as they are. They charge the max price point society will bear.
Mandatory vaccines is a high price Not in best interest of Freedom always be a choice when it comes to Liberty #Vaccination #Vaccines #SB277
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS this is allowed in our country over ruling Liberty for false security Vaccines r #Snakeoil #SB277 #SB18 #Vaccines
When will u start buying American made products? U and ur daughter r the ultimate hypocrites.
has this only just happened Donald? Did you have an issue before? No.  No-one is interested in your temper tantrum
Let Americans buy our drugs in countries that sell them cheaper! About time we get free market prices vs our non negotiated price! Unfair!
Pharma is witch craft governed by lucifer
It's a shame America voted a racist to be President.
Wait a few days and Trump words sound so hilariously stupid. My new entertainment: read Trump tweets backward in time, and a few days late.
Your threads are like babysitters for Dem children crying for mommy while the grownups MAGA 24 /7. 
Ken Frazier didn't quit when Merck lied to doctors/patients about blockbuster, Vioxx causing heart attacks!  Big Pharma now leads on morals?
I suport USA protect the nation trade.high tax to the foreign company,we cost for our product is necysary!im Chinese
Glad to know you're on top of things Mr. Efferdent. Um, or, uh, president. Merck is sure to do this now! You're so wise.#yourwishismycommand
Wow, Mr President, you are such a man baby.
Can't get anything done, can you? #DunningKruger
Did you pass high school English? You're a bad person
Where are low quality trump merch made? Fucking #WhiteSupremacist #TraitorTrump #TrumpRussia #hypocrite #NazisInTheWhiteHouse #ImpeachTrump
So tired of this greed. Kenneth Frazier should be ashamed of taking his blood money.
You dont understand the concept off free enterprise?
Do something about it. Oh you can't
Hypocrite.
It is heartless companies like this that caused the opioid problem that is cured with more drugs heartless
Ban drug companies, they are killing the world with unsafe products. Along with Monsanto!
YOU LIAR. RESIGN OR BE IMPEACHED, choice is yours, you certifiable MEGALOMANIAC! Look it up, it's a real word.
You should get with someone from merck and get yourself some bipolar meds..

YOU bring back the jobs YOU lost when four of your businesses went Chapter 11. How about that? And maybe also PAY your OWN tax bill too!!!!!
Why do you pretend to care empathy is not in you
Tax reform should include higher taxes on products made overseas by US companies and tax cash reserves held offshore by same companies if..
have HO's in US or are listed US companies. Too many of these corporations pay very little taxes specially Amazon, Google and others.
shut that trap you great oaf !
Ignorance is clearly bliss for you!
My chemotherapy drugs cost over $25,000.00 per month..
Went through the list at http://www.merck.com/product/home.html …  I am not taking any of their meds.
Why is there a full stop at the start of this tweet.
#NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies
Like ivanka?  #FakePresident
To turn his back on the honor of working directly with the White House is shameful
WE HAVE CURES FOR EVERYTHING. NATUROPATHIC DRS CURE PPL. #ND NOT MD
Agreed! Hold their feet to the fire, Mr. President!
How? Specifics, http://please.How  do we bring jobs back to US AND lower prices.we need concrete ideas.Not just impossible denands
Again, attacking a man he touted as a great businessman.  Oh, how the tide changes when little Donny don't get his way. #baby
Get out of the WH unless you become a man of integrity which will never happen
Lower taxes for the middle class and make things more affordable for us. Don't give big business any more breaks. Trickle down doesn't work!
It's these petty bullshit tweets that diminish you-but then you are the smartest man in the world....
Please let it be so thank you President Trump for putting us 1st in nation of birth @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp
Gee
And yet you had him on your panel. The worm turns.
The same for your daughter!!! She takes jobs our and you don't care
If he was so bad, then why did you have him on your counsel to begin with? Sour grapes much?
WE GIVE ALL THE CREDIT TO HILLARY CLINTON, SHE GETS RICHER AND RICHER EVERY TIME THEY SELL A PILL! Just one of her pay to play swamp deals!
Great idea Donald, does that mean you're going to bring your manufacturing jobs back to the US too.
When are you bringing your manufacturing to the US?
BAN the constant advertising to the general public and kickbacks (rebates) to doctors! NOW!
America's health is not a boondoggle or bonus package! The right medicine for the illness!
You're chasing the businesses away.
Umm
Their presdent
The orange ass pretends to care
Listen:
Gee if only you were a governing person who could try to do something about that....
Was thinking, you're not a racist?  Then why were your only negative comments against this CEO and not the others who left the committees?
Does gu type to t
Buy generic drugs when you can! Hot them in the purse!
Poor failing, low rated POTUS. So morally bankrupt. He and ivanka exploit low wage Chinese workers too. So sad
We have noticed you call out black CEO's but not white ones, #Biggot
I don't take drugs from the mass murdering Pharma. But keep up the fight.
That is the real reason he dropped out of the group.
The American people are subsidizing low drug prices all over the world, incl. Europe...stop this transfer of wealth
You are seriously the biggest baby.
Keep feeding the drug epidemic.
Why is no one shouting abuse of power? You're using your position  to try to harm companies that oppose you. NOT OK
Truth be told ! Kudos Mr President
Dumping Merck stock now.
Right on President Trump!!  Right on!!
oh.........did he hurt your feelings now is time to attack
All these companys r the same

TO: White House staffers, cabinet members, political appointees

If you don't agree with your boss, for the good of the nation, resign. Now.
How could someone do that if they abhor you

That my President
Stings that he broke up with you, huh?
All about the benjamins not about the people
Is that possible,  to do both? Would be awesome.
he didn't give you a cut?
Donald is scum as are those who support

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…
ALL big pharma is doing that.  What are you going to do about it?  Line your pockets with money from the lobbyists?
President Trump could be our modern day #Trustbuster
Pharma is draining the sick:(
You know nothing...absolutely nothing about everything. U should be deported to whatever country your family came from. Russia? Just saying
So all of your businesses only give jobs to the U.S., right?

Indeed! These parasites are also killing millions of people every year with toxic "snake oils".
What about your lame clothing line?
