A-men and say again A-men. Kumbaya my lord, kumbaya.
Peace is good for the free market, and bad for capitalism. I think there's some confusion about their differences.
I agree there is confusion.
I think capitalism is profiting from the manipulation of capital, and the free market is the voluntary exchange of what we rightfully own.
In my view of the free market, govt's role is to defend rightfully ownership, and expedite people's ability to voluntarily exchange.
HoW does that work?
How does the govt determine rightful ownership? You want to leave that judgement to govt?
Rightfully ownership starts with exchanging our own labor for $$, which we then exchange for the things we need and want.
Your are a traitor!
Your obviously not getting the joke.
The President is TCB. Taking Care of Business.
Is he in the bathroom again? Quick, grab his phone.
Spoken like a 12 year old.
Nope, just a true patriot who has love for my country. No love for the dictator-in-training who can’t be bothered to read the Constitution.
A true patriot huh. What have you done to be called a patriot. Have run for office. Served your country. What.
I believe in the constitution, and this is not how any of this works. I truly pity you and your ilk. The man you adore will wreak more havoc on you than you are ready for.
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; ther...
Though you may, will never roll over and become #PutinsPoodles. #Resist #ImpeachTrumpNow

May I copy this pic? It’s a beaut!
By all means
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Please notify Barack Obama because he said it didn't happen.
@ObamaWhiteHouse "You can't make this stuff up"
White House officials reportedly said that time Angela Merkel had to explain the 'fundamentals' of EU trade to Trump 11 times was 'humiliating' - Business Insiderhttps://apple.news/AGbS6xEkSR_aTPOM5p7Udqw
Lasting peace under a benevolent dicktater is a wonderful dream...of yours
yeah ok Trumpy, whatever
History 101, one of the many imaginary courses offered at the fraudulent Trump University.
"If everyone would stop questioning my authority & think with my brain, we'd all have peace! Don't make me hurt you!" DJT 6 months from now.
I'm waiting for the part where you tell #Merica working with #RussianCollusion is for our own good.  #InvoluntaryServitude #WednesdayWisdom
Today is Friday the 13th. A good day for you to #ResignTrump #Friday13th
When? When you hand Putin the keys to the white house?
Just one more of a daily onslaught of lies by the illegitimate president.
they just attacked the sovereign territory of our NATO ally with nerve gas
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!
A vote for Rump was actually a vote for Pooten? You think a dicktater like Pooten is a fine example and our ally? Interested in a gold mine?
You do not make packs with the devil!!
Since most of your team colluded with Russia I am sure they can work it out.
And why do want to be friends with murderous thugs anyway?
Lol suggest you pick up how is Putin a murderous thug for dummies
He's killed members of his own country's media for one and silenced other independence who have just used freedom of speech.
Yea we are waiting for SOMEONE to come to their senses.....
Sorry don't trust you anymore. You attacked Syria which was a False Flag. I regret voting. No more voting anymore. Your voter base is gone.
LOL.  The Dems are his biggest haters.  Nothing in hell could make them love Trump, and make them support him.  Dems don't like evil.
Here you go with the nonsense Rep vs Dem arguments like sheep you are. Obama the "Nobel Peace" prize winner??? LMAO The herd needs culling.
Hon, "Dems" were brought up in the tweet I was responding to.  Mind your own business.
You and Putin are best buds, so there shouldn't be a problem
Mr. President don't let Putin try to make a fool out of you he can't be trusted and China too watch your back your great
I just can not see Putin allowing a chemical strike and damaging us relations look deeper trust no one totally
#fakePOTUS when will YOU come to your senses. YOU are delusional, a fraud, a #LOSER of great proportions. SAD that you are ruining USA. SAD.
I'm thinking about how Democrats tried to put the Rapist sexual predator and his wife back into the White House....Sad!
Now that we know for certain you colluded with them to be elected, how does this make you President. The election was to be by citizens.
Are you mad?  Hillary blocked Bernie.  Any published emails were never disputed as valid.  We have a process... transparency is key
Putin Puppet
Well that's reassuring.  I feel much better now.
@realDonaldTrump By lasting peace you mean lasting profits from Russians for Trump family.
If you're wrong, what a fantastic loss!
You 
wake 
up 
in 
bed 
with 
your 
pimp 
#PUTin 
almost 
every 
#SundayMorning, 
and 
#AndThatsWhyWeCantBeFriends,
#PEEresident
#tRUMP
!!!
You and the last how many pOTUS said the same b.s..  You have no idea what you are talking about
#showusyourtaxes #Trumprussia #TheResistance
Russia doesn't want peace they want world domination, and the Bromance continues!!!
Sure hope so
@n_iktweet It will be prophecy fulfilled.
Of course it will. Putin has you in his back pocket.
We know you are an agent of Russia.  Turn yourself into the FBI.
RUSSIA = ENNEMY. STRENGTH IS A MUST. IRAN, NORTH KOREA, SYRIA MUST BE ANIHILED. RUSSIA, CHINA TO BE SANCTIONED, AND THE WORLD WILL BE SAFER!
You keep sucking their dick like that, I'm sure it is too.
We worked with Russia during WW2 to bring down Nazi Germany, maybe some in high places don't want Al Qaeda, ISIS, ISIL, whatever,  stopped,
Because Russia owns you.
Please don't get us all killed. Your temperament scares most Americans. Is that what ur going 4 since most Americans didn't vote 4 U? SMH
Capitalism always results in wars. You’re an idiot.
#trumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp  This is the story. Not how pathetically embarrassing you are in your role of @POTUS

Of couse it will since you and Putin set this whole sham up to make you look good - if that's possible.
Why should we believe you? Mexico isn’t paying for the wall. You didn’t release tax returns. Didn’t repeal ObamaCare. You’re a FAIL MACHINE.
What does Trump do more of:
Why isn't golfing/spending time at Mar-a-Leggo-my-Eggo, a choice?
 mar-a-leggo-my-eggo 
I thought of that one morning when I was making waffles ~ Seemed apropos!  
WAR-a-lago
Maybe because this "animosity" between our countries over Syria is all for show so that people won't think you #areinbedwithputin
You r full of bs!
Idiot.
Yeah, and I have a bridge to sell you.
No one has the right to kill another person
You're going to come to your senses?  Who knew?
@POTUS Not sure if I should think your extremely optimistic or completely delusional
When will you come to your senses. Everyone wants to see your #TAXES! Huge Crowds around the Country today.#Resist
As a leader of the country, it is your job to inspire that time to be now.
Dream on. We all know you work for Putin.
You've attended so many Miss USA pageants, that you sound like a silly goose contestant answering a current affairs question.
Does anyone knew what the fuck he's talking about because I have no fucking clue
U mean when @PutinRF_Eng releases ur #GoldenShowers video? Lol.
Of course they will you are in business and have been for years with Putin, everyone knows this, it'll be part of your #45impeachment
aren't u friends with Putin of sorts?
When will the right time be and in what world?
Каждый надеется, что если он вдоволь накормит крокодила, то крокодил съест его позже других.
Praying so.......
If you defeat North Korea soon. You will be known as the greatest of all time. They think u r weak. We know better. You are strong
Well, that sure did trigger a bunch of blue checkmarks!
How much money do you owe Russians?
You think that a friendship between US and Russia will lead to lasting peace? Can someone recommend a history book?
Can't wait for the right time for everyone to come to their senses about you. #ThisIsNotNormal #Impeach45 #RussianDressing #Resist #Persist
No, things will NOT work out fine !! We are NOT Russians and we never will be, so stop selling America out to the Russians !!
Good to hear from the person who attacked Russia's ally. If the US stops attacking, there might be peace.
I trust you!
I'm sure you and your buddy Putin will be cozy again in no time.  We are not fooled by our latest diversions.  #russiagate
Hey donnie, what a great picture of President Bannon on the cover of Time magazine!!!
We will have to wait and see the turn out.
Or you lose your throne?  #resignorbeimpeached
You really are a puppet of Putin aren't you.
If @realDonaldTrump was the president of an NBA team he'd be Phil Jackson.
Why? Russia this, Russia that. There are HUNDREDS of other countries out there. Why ate you only talking about Russia? #Guilty
I hope a history book falls on your head for all of our sake. Russia is benefitting from your ignorance.
Can't happen.  you change your mind too many times!
Yes, when you have resigned and treachery doesn't stalk the West Wing, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Yes, we know U & Russia R trying 2 destroy democracies & the Middle Class everywhere, 'cause they just get in the way of Rats like U, right?
The trump supporters need to come to their senses and help get you #impeached. #horrible president
When you're impeached/jailed, world will have come to its senses @realdonaldtrump. Your safari-trophy-hunter wee mini-me believes, we don't.
I may be wrong but have watched the Russian sites I do not think Putin had knowledge of chemical attack
So your fake ass feud was another farce. Hope they impeach you for collusion soon!
So what if you had to kill a few people to try to throw the press of the scent of you and Putin.
Yes once your impeached they will.
reading all these replies about u dad and it's hurting me heart cause of how many liberal retards there are in the world
Was this reassuring message 4 Americans or 4 ur friend, Putin? We rn't worried about Russian relations;Putin is! He created disaster 4him&us
How much money did you borrow from Russia in 2008?
Dude, that's not how it works.
No thanks to you.
Well, I don't expect we will ever be "best buddies" but as long as we don't go to war! Need to be vigilant.
Not if your solution to everything is warfare and bombs, you can't hope for peace and not put in the effort...
We're counting on you!
Putin murders political opponents.
Because Russia elected you & you're trying to destroy our democracy & be a dictator! Yeah yeah we have noticed. #notmypresident #russiagate
Yes, especially once the Trump empire receives a tidy payout from Putin and his Russian friends. Business in Russia will be great for you!
You're insane. Just because you're Putin's puppet doesn't mean things will "work out" & there will be "lasting peace", Putin puppet=TRUMP.
Everyone? Including yourself?
Stay in your #SandBox. #Presidency is for adults. Don't say things U have no #idea about. #RussiaProbe will dictate next steps, NOT YOU
Who needs to come to their senses in this case?
It will be far worse after your proven a #Traitor and impeached/jailed!  #Russia will be iced out in a new cold war!
America is Great! We don't want to be Russian! We don't want you to lie to us anymore either! #Resist!
In saying 'everyone' do you include yourself?
This is my believe  and  hope to mistr  President  Trump but until then  we need  keep on  fighting  against  all enemys we have
I'm sure you and your good friend Putin have it all planned out. #impeachTrumpnow #youfucker
Of course they will. Your little spat was for show, you do business with Russia, you'd let the US be bombed b4 messing that up.
You are nuts
As long as everyone keeps ignoring the truth you mean it will be fine..just listen to the man behind the curtain lol
but you have no sense and you cheat at golf.
Is that time when you officially hand the reigns to your master, Putin, after you sign terms of surrender?
I just don't think you will ever come to your senses. I think you've crossed the delusional line into alternate reality.
Things will work out fine between us and Shadow Brokers. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!
You have had multiple foreign agents working with you. Anyone working with a foreign government to skew a US election is an act of Treason.
Obv, the COTUS. is ignored
Do you maybe have some inside information,  Donny? Maybe a connection or two inside Russian government?
With WWIII - @realDonaldTrump you golfed 19x's so far to President Obama's "0" you hypocrite
they won't come to there senses.... all I got to say lord watch over the American people... Syria is in the bible
That's right there will be lasting peace because we will all be dead
Russia invaded Europe through Ukraine and you're claiming everyone else is insane?? #russiainvadedukraine #ukraine #resist
Delusional.
U R delusional if u think Russia has America's best interests at heart.  Since they have given you so much money you think they are friends
Russia owns you. Stunts won't protect you for long. We see you. Resign and save yourself inevitable humiliation. #TrumpRussia
There was never a problem for you and Russia. Putins got his hand so far up your ass you should be on the muppets
That's a reeealy big promise.
@realDonaldTrump does that mean you may one day come to your senses? Seems unlikely #faketRumpnews
They must have threatened to release your video again...

The Kremlin denies and says relations are in the shitter. Ball is in your court Trumpty dumpty #Syria

We are still and still the American people
I truly trust your wisdom and love for this country 
Yes. You'll be wearing ORANGE then.  Nice compliment to your skin tone.
...yeah once u r in an orange jumpsuit that matches your fake tan we'll all be fine! #lockhimup #ImpeachTrump
That's not the way it works.  What has this country done?  Fake Leadersip.
you can't sell a dream world to realists, sir. Give Congress the opportunity to declare war on Syria, please! Merci!
You will come to your senses? That'll be the day.
you really are  delusional
especially following your trial and conviction of being a traitor! Start living in the real world!
Are you insane
It had better work out because they paid you off including the POTUS. You owe Putin big. Scared? @CNNPolitics @nytimes @washingtonpost
OK. Just so we're clear on the plan. We will stop supporting Assad and you'll remove our sanctions. Thanks comrade.
coward
Only if you step down now
Of COURSE everything will be hunky dory. This "disagreement" between USA and RUSSIA was fabricated as a deterrent. You are an embarrassment
Hahaha Putin finally did come to his senses and realizes his puppet is too dumb.
