I love #mypersident #DonaldTrump Executive order banning all GMO's NOW!
Lying Trump.  If law and order were returning Killary and her buddies that paid her off like YOU DID would be in jail.  Do not lie to us...
He paid her off? Oh stop.
They're good friends yet he had to pay her 250k to attend a wedding? Nah he paid her 250k for a favor. He admitted to giving her the 250k
Get over it. Move on. You're living in the past. They're not good friends, never were. Sounds like you're looking for reasons 2 dislike him.
They're great pals that's why we won't get a special prosecutor as promised cause they'd go down together.
In just under 100 days. Amazing how this president got more done in this brief period of time than Obama did in his 2900 days in office.
Oh Lordy, you're right. He's spent more money, played golf more, gone on vacation more, embarrassed us more.
Nazis march openly in the streets and believe DJT is on their side. The government is being dismantled. It's a great day in America.
@realDonaldTrump mr. President you still have a long and hard road ahead of you
And dismantling the second amendment.
Thank you!
Thanks OBAMA!
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making Am...
Yet WW3 is closer thanks to your comments about North Korea
America was great long before you got here... and with no help from you I might add.. and we'll make it great again once you leave
Yup! Thanks @BarackObama
You are doing a Great job Mr President!
All inherited from Obama. You didn't do anything yet. You need to pass bills before you can claim anything
 LIAR
not true justice. Annnnd, making America great again will only happen once you're impeached. I'd love to know what's taking so long!
Illegal immigration has been plummeting for a while and America has never produced as much mfg goods even before you took office
Repeal Obamacare
Kids are being shot at school....
Thank you Mr President!
You are the face of racism in America with or without Bannon. You sealed that deal with your birther lies. Racist.
"He will die in prison"
Your contrived animosity toward Putin via #SyrianStrikes won't allow us to forget how he helped you steal the presidency.
Translation "I DIDN'T VOTE FOR YOU SO YOU MUST HAVE CHEATED WAAAAAAAAH"
61jobs attributed to you,civil destabilization over deportations, law & order impact from u? No, up in hate crimes, that's MAGA? Delusional
I guess it depends on the neighbor hood you live in ha Trumpy?
You are nothing more than another blowhole! Just as were our other Presidents! We are nothing but pawns in our country.
Comrade dt those things are all so eight years ago!do something new that hasn't been done before! Oh that's right you can't because ur Fake!

ha, that's funny
Source please
Just in case no one's told you:

YOU HAVE NO CREDIBILITY.
          (((( N O N E  ))))
You are destroying this country.
You have the lowest approval rating of any president in modern history and are wasting millions of tax dollars on frivolous golf trips.
you're an idiot. research obama vacations and golf trips. he rented Taj Mahal for 2000 people vacation. outrageous
Thankyou Mr President. Liberals screaming is hilarious to watch. Hope liberals keep this till midterms. We Will win big again
Ernie Gallo: The U.S.S Liberty: what really happened? What did not?
Source?
Your damn president thats your source you dont like to damn bad
Was that a sentence?
Possibly i dont know
So when do you resign?
I already bought an outfit for the impeachment party
I'm excited! Can one of you put me up for the week-long celebration?
What're you gonna impeach him for ? Disagreeing with him ? Lol
Collusion with adversary, ethics violations, fraud, nepotism...to just name a few.
Trump fact check!
"Jobs are returning" : Mostly false… implies that they weren't returning under Obama (which they were)
"illegal immigration is plummeting" : This is just government propaganda… if you actually knew who came here illegally, you'd round them up.
"law, order and justice are being restored" : Depends on what you mean by "restored"… if it's taking us back to the 1700s, then sure.
"We are truly making America great again!" : Maybe we can let the people decide that? Is Trump making America great again?
…keep in mind, this "poll" was at 52% YES just 5 weeks ago.
For those whining over my poll, Trump is (according to FOX NEWS) more despised than Bernie, Planned Parenthood, Obamacare, & his own VP…
#TrumpsterChallenge: Defend Trump's actions without mentioning Obama or Hillary. You can't—us "libtards" will grab the popcorn… 
When you kill kids with chemical weapons, the most powerful nation on earth will punish you.
Yes, and you're also using all the money from the jobs you're creating to continue NeoCon wars, just like Bush and obama. Shame on you!
Trump is alienating a lot of supporters.  I don't know what he'd have to say to a rally audience any more.
He'll have nothing to say after 2 years; he's already sounding like Hillary
Honestly, I think he's decided not to run for reelection. Going to FL all the time, all the Goldman Sachsers, no Wall, bombing Syria.
Your FL reference is a nonsequiter. He uses Mar-Lago as convenient meeting point for Forn leaders -better and more secure than WH.
Like I said, I don't want to argue and I voted and donated to Trump. FL visits look bad. He doesn't like being in the WH so he goes to FL.
I get the feeling you do like to argue Karen. Here's something to make you smile.
I was replying to you!  Thats a good picture.  So many great photos/cartoons/videos in the Trump era. Election Night Young Turks=the best.
I can't believe I voted for you you have turned on the people and let your liberal daughter and son in law tell you how to
...a consummate pathological liar lied & you're shocked...sad!
He's a great president just like Reagan you liberals are some sad miserable people mentally ill
Paid by soros a nazi piece of trash his own country hates him , Russia has a bounty on his head
Soros is a Jewish man. You mistake him for Bannon.
soros is a nazi traitor gave his own people death  and he loved it.
Really?  He's a jew you know.
Breitbart is your source?? This "data" is pure bullshit. Somali Muslims are NOT dysfunctional/dangerous. Stop the fear/hate/racism!
USA USA. Trump just keeps winning. Facts don't care about your feelings. This video is dedicated to the haters.
You like your own post ..
Got your attention. Exactly my intention. It will notify the libs twice of whatever I say. Triggering SJW. Chubby lesbians or fake feminists
Not a Trump supporter so it obviously didn't work. Have a good one.
I know. This video is about you guys. The entire world is laughing. 1000s of vids with 100k or millions of views. Of chubby lesbos crying
Cool story, bro.
Now you're just straight up gaslighting an entire country @realDonaldTrump. He's had the most disastrous start in presidential history.
Tech companies right now are deciding where to set up business because it won't be here
About 82,000 less jobs were created in March than were expected, leading many to fear a sharp plummet in the market.

But cool story, bro.
Not to mention the sharp decrease in travel to the US after the past two and a half months, which should lead to a loss of $7.4 billion.
Hey, guess what happens when the travel industry - which employs one in every 18 Americans - loses $7.4 billion? [Hint: it's not more jobs.]
I'm not taking a planned US trip this year, spoken with many Australians who are choosing other destinations.
You and many others. Canadians are staying away in droves.
And Brits I'm told. It's not worth the risk, save $ for a fare, get sent home because of a UAE stopover in the past? No thanks.
I have a few friends in Europe who have regularly vacationed in the US but are boycotting travel until Trump leaves office
My friends with skin colours that aren't white are definitely dodging the US, if they can't go I can't go.
Please stop lying. Jobs were returning and illegal immigration was plummeting under Obama. You haven't done anything - apart from play golf.
@TeamTrump @BBCWorld @ReutersWorld #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Trumprussia #russiagate
Well ....not quite ...without cleaning up the rotten and corrupt government first. US presidents clearly admit this fact before elected
Mate... you haven't done anything yet
Refers to migrants from Mexico only. Why is Mexico suddenly the big priority? How many Mexican terrorists?!
He thinks thats where all the drug and gang bangers come from.
Whether legal or illegal is a matter of arbitrary paperwork. How many Duartes on the Mayflower?
It happened that your ancestors were denoted "legal". They didn't earn it. Why condemn others?
Change the record. You're boring everyone with your false promises, outright lies, & flip flopping. You truly aren't making anything great.
He is actually great and will MAGA.
Well shit here's the proof I needed. 

We'll just ignore the healthcare debacle, non-existent wall, and golf trips.
When you get even a centimeter close to the accomplishments of POTUS, get back with us. You have nothing to show.
Well I also didn't get a "small" loan of a million dollars and then build an empire on nepotism and fraud. 
Don't be so petty. Go get a loan and start a business. Enough jealousy.
And cutting funding to education? That's not smart at all.. making America great again should mean continuing the growth of the edu system
I agree completely. I've also seen nothing that makes me think the President cares about anyone other than himself. I hope I'm wrong.
I am too
I'm really interested in knowing exactly what your plan is and why the funding was cut. Please don't make us regret our vote!
So sad. This woman thinks Trump has a plan
No I don't really, it's called sarcasm
You admit that he probably destroyed the education system, yet you still don't regret your vote? 
Still better than Hillary to me, he can still revise his actions (or I pray he does) ;-;
So your ok that Trump during campaign repeatedly made inflammatory lies about counties and institutions and now it's " never mind "
Happy*Holidays2U&Ur'z-1♡.
Glad2C U Coming in2 Ur*Own as President.
I commend u 4 "owning up 2 learningCurves" 
Hardest*Position~ ☆ #USA #5G
the uneducated nonworking minimal wage workers who want to support a family of 6working at mcdonald empty heads easily led
Beautiful news. #MAGA.
Can you please consider making it harder to get United States citizenship and visas more difficult?  Truly would make America great again!!
Thanks to Obama
Meanwhile hate crimes are rising and we dropped a multi-million dollar bomb to kill 36 people :/ America is so great!!
A majority of hate crimes have been hoaxes and those 36 subhumans have done nothing wrong and are fully accepting of western ideals.
Thank you President Trump. God Bless America
Why do you lie? Do you get off on lying?
Keep smokin' what you're smokin', cause we're not drinkin' the coolaid anymore.
No smart educated person believes the propaganda you peddle every time you open your mouth
What about retailers that are going out of business & others filing for chapter 11?  Lost jobs, not cool.
Interesting take on reality
Take off ur rose colored glasses OLD MAN!! Country IS WORSE THAN B4.. MAKING AMERICA HATE AGAIN IS ALL U R ENCOURAGING
You're going to blow up the world #DJT  just like you wanted to murder innocents in the Central Park rape case. We know who u r
What do u mean? All of that is true
You suck
Are you sleepwalking? Somebody needs to wake you up FAST.
Thank you Mr. president!
WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS?
You are tearing innocent families apart. You have not resolve the immigration problem. What law and order has been restored.
No thanks to you.  The world is on the brink of WWIII because of you and your rhetoric. Stop tweeting nonsense.
LMAO - hilarious #resign now  before you get in deeper shit
So DELUSIONAL! U failed @ healthcare, Russia coverup, took away internet privacy/clean air/water, illegal ban & daily lies!
And you have Dementia!!!!
no your not - liar liar pants on fire!
How about not illegally targeting minorities?
What's your evidence Mr president
Found out from Border Patrol why this Checkpoint is closed frequently NOW never has been b/4 SHORT STAFFED! Where's the $ to catch ILLEGALS?
Your certainly not making us great you only care about you your numbers are horrible and declining
Keep up the great work MR. PRESIDENT!!!!  We are behind you!!
Go POTUS! We LOVE you because you
Love America!  After 8 years of demolition, America is coming back!  Obama is still working against you!
Stay the course.  Make America great again
You've killed tourist and hospitality industry, nice going.
That all started to change long before you became president. Nice try tho.
You are so delusional.....your use of superlative  words make you a humongous liar!
#trump magic mouth in action
illegal immigration plummeted before you. Jobs were on the rise. You can thank President Obama. You are a fraud. #treason
You are truly delusional
He will spend Easter without his family and is looking at possible prison time all because of a scorned woman. Disgusting
The LORD bless and keep you Preaidrnr Trump
The LORD bless and keep you President Trump
Instead of just saying it like we should believe you, why don't you show proof? Or maybe keep having spicer tell us!! Lmao
. Average person jobs are NOT!  Just those getting BAILOUT AGAIN!??
Ex: Jareds crap!
Do you have one of those auto-like buttons because I can't believe there's that many stupid people out there. No truth here
Dow Jones tanking,more refugees coming in than under Obama.what a load of shit
Dear Donald- 
You are delusional. Sincerely, Carol
You do know right that the pilgrims and other settlers to the US were illegal immigrants who raped, stole from and killed the locals??
Delusional 
Bullshit
Happy
Tourism is dying. No one wants to come here. Sucky. #notmaga
@AmericanBand911 Now we need to prosecute Anifta as a terrorist organization and charge them with criminal mischief, & riot
great job for ice  get rid of all the law breakers
FU!
Happy Easter to you and your family!
Returning? March numbers less than half the monthly average during President Obama's final year. #YouAreNoLeader
This is only as far as I can go without becoming physically ill Fuck it.
It just aint worth it man. 
How much worse you gotta make us feel?
You are truly delusional. Still waiting for them to throw your assistance in jail. #treason
America was great until you came along.  I have not had a job since 2011.  Fake statistics.
Jobs, economy boomed under Obama, immigration no problem, and under Obama crime rate was far below the 80's and 90's.  No thanks to Trump!
not on your watch tweaker. THAT WAS OBAMA'S STAMP.
I get it you are being ironic! # NotMyPresident
Just because you say it does not make it so.
What's the point in only making America great again if you are stopping all research in climate changes. America is part of the planet...
release your taxes.
What's going on with this war stuff Mr President?
Yes every time they catch another one I'm happyMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN OUR WONDERFUL PRESIDENT GET RID OF ALL LAWBREAKERS
Great job President now if only you can talk and convince our Canadian Prime Minister to go your way....
You really are delusional..
Need to work on health insurances. Make the two parties work together for what is BEST FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. It should not be political.
Wut @realDonaldTrump
we just aren't
Thank you
@BarackObama.
Round up tbe masked Antifa Domestic Terrorists as we as BLM who are killing cops please!
#ReleaseYourTaxes
Enjoying your golf game old man? Do they have golf in federal prison or just Don't Drop The Soap! I hear the fun could start next week. Yay!
Hey 45.  That was all happening in the LAST administration.   What have YOU actually done?  Oh, yeah.  Dropped a bomb.  Not presidential.
You are a FOOL! Farms are suffering. You've failed the people in the Heartland. You're in a Dreamworld Donnie!
Tunisia needs the same plans. Situation here is chaotic
Finance experts paid by businesses to enrich execs. All pay should be soc sec to=citizen tax rate
You are taking credit for jobs announced before you
Honestly Sir...You most help those GOOD illegal people. They are good for America. Thanks.
The only thing you could do to make America great is to #RESIGN
 #wackpropaganda
You are delusional. Making America great for you and your billionaire cronies.  No draining of the swamp here.
Jobs are at the same level 2.1% increase over just about every year for the past 8! Where is the 4%?
Sheesh.  When's the last time you took a dump.  U are full of sh!t.  You've fixed the entire country in under the 100 days. All hail Trump!
I bet you wish you could take credit for that...oh wait!
You know you haven't been in office to take credit for much of this yet
America wants the fed govt put back in its constitutional box.
That's great
LAST JOBS REPORT..FIRST TO GO DOWN..DOWN..IN YEARS..UR STILL USING FOREIGN WORKERS AND MANUFAXTURING OVERSEAS..OF..BOEING LAYING OFF 9000..
You've done nothing, but try to undue everything Obama has done.
Jobs returned under Obama. Stop taking credit for something you did not do yet.
All immigration is plummeting. Except in Canada.
all of that was happening prior to your so called election
Trumps,leave the USA.
IMPEACHMENT SOON
With all the negative comments, how did this man win the election???  Oh, that's right, Russia rigged the election!
except you still keep requesting approvals for immigrants to work in your resorts.  Why don't you hire Americans instead?
your destroying families, polluting air and water and starting wars with other counties. your bringing back republic destructing. Not great
You've literally done nothing. All the things you mentioned were already happening, you just only acknowledge facts when they benefit you.
All your domestic successes will be completely wiped out if Globalists McMaster and Mattis get their way w/Regime Change in Syria.  WW3
Lie. Denying science does not #MAGA.
Thank you!
You know what would make America even better? Kicking you out of it
Only in your own mind. The great majority of us fear for our retirement and hope we can keep our healthcare.
Please stop assuming that torturing the poor & elderly will "make America great again". We fine before you were in office.
