#MondayMotivation

Now the treasonous actions by Obama & Clinton are coming back to haunt us

#Iran now sas it has the capability to enrich uranium to a higher level than it could before the “landmark” nuke deal was reached to curb its nuke program
https://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCAKBN1I1158-OCATP …
Marine #Sniper, look at #Tweet above. You see  most #Persecuted President in American History! He is #Innocent! Prosecute Hillary? Why not #Hang her, & whole Obama Administration! God wiped out #Amalekites,& #Hanged Haman! Obama not above #Law! #MAGA, with God’s help! Praise God!
#OperationEnduringFreedom and #OperationIraqiFreedom 1990-1991was the cover up for the sell of #Uranium at the same time, creating and covering up #GulfWarIllness of #NonDeployed and #Deployed Gulf War Veterans known as the 1st GW no one talks about!!! My Guess???
Ya think so, comrade?
#Americans #America #worldnews #China #Japan #HRH #TruthMatters
@CrookedMediaUSA @crookedmedia #ObamaWorstPresidentEver #Obamas #UraniumOne #Putin #RussianSpy #RussianCollusion #RussianSanctions @OBAMALIES #MAGA2018 #Trump #POTUSTrump @WeLovePresTrump @ForeverTrump45 @indictobama
Mueller brought Uranium to Russia for Secy Clinton+she admits it.
Snopes is Hillary~She intercepts your Google searches2lie+deny crimes. Admits it was a tiny piece stolen in Georgia-lol~Sent Mueller with it to Russia. Like WHY? Putin is so Dangerous+she sold Uranium 2 him?Treason
Is this real?
Positively. Even snopes admits it.Snopes is Hillary-She intercepts your google search lying+denying her crimes.She tries to sugar coat it-saying it was a tiny piece-found in Georgia-so she sent it to Russia~Why? (for Putin to check quality before he bought it) Media Silent
Hahahahaha, listen to fox:
just check to see where putin deposited the check, laundered through canadian bank into CF foundation... never made it to govt treasury
Hahahahahahahahahaha! You pathetic little bitch.
Propaganda works best on stupid.
Lies.  How many years are you going to persist?  It’s been Disproven over and over and over. Is your base stupid?
QUITE FRANKLY I CAN NOT TOLERATE BOTH TRUMP AND HILLARY CLINTON. WINNING THE POPULAR VOTE AND LOOSING HER BID TO BECOME PRESIDENT IS SAD. AND STAYING WITH BILL CLINTON AFTER HE LEARNED ABOUT HIS MULTITUDE AFFAIRS SHOWS THAT KEEPING MONEY MEANS MORE TO HILLARY THAN A MARRIAGE.
@POTUS  You are the #FakeNews! You are the slimy thing that causes nightmares! You are #LiarInChief! You are the biggest #Hypocrite! You are going down!
Please President Trump stay true to God and he will continue to use you to save America. In the Bible theirs so many stories of men who God uses to become great men but anytime those men forget and push God to the side their downfall is only around the corner.
I have to believe that Hillary truly believed she was going to be President and I believe she would’ve been if God hadn’t intervened. I’m sure she had all of the wheels greased and money paid to everyone that could’ve made that happen but little did she know God is in control 
It’s just blows me away how the Obama’s and Clinton’s have been able to infiltrate U.S. government agencies like foreign spies. Pulling their strings to gain more power and to hide their evil agendas. They’ve pulled their strings in the IRS,FBI,AG’s office,NSA and many more.
I truly can’t believe how much power the Clinton’s and Oboma’s have they’ve gotten away with so much but because they use their power for evil and not for good God has exposed them.
The demacrats tentacles are long and powerful reaching through the IRS, FBI, AG’s, office, and throughout many more powerful places. President Trump keep draining the swamp and exsposing their criminal activities.
I can only believe God has given America one last chance to repent, and that one last chance is you President Trump! Without you our country was on the path to destruction with the Democrats getting away with everything.

DOJ report clears Clinton in Uranium One sale...again. https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2018/02/the-justice-department-has-apparently-debunked-the-gops-phony-uranium-one-scandal/ …
SAD FOR YOU,THAT STORY HAS BEEN PROVEN FAKE MANY TIMES.
MORE PROOF OF THE LOOSER YOU ARE,AND I BET YOUR FATHER CALLED YOU A LOOSER TOO.

Lol !
HAHAHA !!!
HAHAHA !
get that uranium back...
Seems to me, Special Counsel Mueller was FBI Director at the time as well. He may have questions to answer about the shady #Uranium1 deal.
That's what I have been saying, he needs to answer for this one
Mueller is a dirty cop. He was involved in the Uranium One cover-up along with McCabe, Rosenstein and Comey.
Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein showed the whole world that he is indeed a crooked, cop.  He should not be working in the US DOJ – he should be in prison.

Deputy AG Rosenstein refuses to describe scope of Russia probe in House hearing
Trey Gowdy ROASTS deputy AG Rosenstein over FBI and Bob Mueller's Russia probe
This is real election meddling, not “Russia” false narratives. 
As Tucker Carlson noted:
THE SUCKING SOUND OF THE DRAINING SWAMP: FBI's McCabe to "RETIRE" After Hearing Over Strzok's "Insurance Policy" Against CANDIDATE Trump Reveals FBI CONSPIRACY …https://throughthelookingglassnews.wordpress.com/2017/12/24/do-you-hear-that-sound-thats-the-sucking-of-the-draining-swamp-fbis-mccabe-to-retire-after-hearing-over-strzoks-insurance-policy-against-candidate-trump-reveals-fbi-conspiracy/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Late last year, Trump drew attention to news stories about McCabe’s rumored agency exit.

“FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits,” Trump tweeted.
What time is it?
On Deck Circle - House Judiciary Chairman Goodlatte Sends Preservation Notice To FBI Director Wray... https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2018/01/29/on-deck-circle-house-judiciary-chairman-goodlatte-sends-preservation-notice-to-fbi-director-wray/ … via @thelastrefuge2
#ObamaGate #LockThemAllUp #ReleaseTheMemo
MR PRESIDENT 
YOU HAVE BEEN RIGHT ABOUT THE ENTIRE SWAMP AKA.. D.C.
COOKIEALWAYSATRUMPGIRLCARROLL
If that's the case, she is a much better politician than you, as she was able to get about eight different agencies to sign off on the deal.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
I hear some went to NK by way of the enemies of America
What the hell is wrong with Sessons? Why is he always sitting out ever issue that faces him? Thought he was a good choice but seeing his actions--------------
...guess u missed Fox's Shep Smith broadcast when recently he laid out the facts of the uranium sale. His report was spot on.
WE ARE ON "YOUR" ASS, PUNKINHEAD.
Prosecute these people!! They are Traders!!!
Another completely bogus distraction.  With minimal effort any reasonably conscious chimpanzee would know that Clinton had nothing to do with the Uranium deal.  The chimp would recognize this statement as another distraction.
The only Chimpanzee  is you read the facts .
Taking backhanders are you
Smokescreen
finally, FINALLY maybe the truth will give hillary  a room in a Federal jail and confiscation of the ill gotten money from the clinton foundation.
SOMEONE HAS TO GO TO JAIL..or there is NO law and NO Constitution in AMERICA!
Or actually, they're so EVIL that they follow it very well so as to be able to cover it up even better... More effectively
Go get 'em President Trump!
Read & RT on Magitsky sanctions that came out today & Clintons

THAT IS TOTAL BS!!!  YOU ARE DEFLECTING, AND SHOULD BE CHARGED W/OBSTRUCTION!
@AppSame - why did Clinton's transfer million overseas - afraid of RICO Act !
@AppSame
Yeah baby....U1, Clintons,Saudis, BHO,  Goolag....Merry Christmas.
About Time AG Sleeepy Jeff Sessions wakes up and gets to work! IMHO @sherriffClarke is the AG we need to prosecute as fast as he finds corrupt swampLife!
That's because it isn't a real story and it has been proven Hillary had nothing to do with the sale.  She's innocent unlike you being guilty of colluding with Russia.
Drum roll please.
#TrumpRussia #Delusion a #DNC Hoax!  #ClintonRussiaCollusion #UraniumOne & #Russia money flowing to @ClintonFdn & #PodestaGroup   http://Uranium1.com  
#uraniumone #sethRich #bundyRanch ALL CONNECT!  @knkcattle @LucyKnows1 @Exposing_thugs @SteveScalise @RepMattGaetz

desperate to get spotlightboff Russia, are you?
It is so obvious how afraid you are that it is making people laugh harder at you. Poor old fool we can't wait to see what Vlad has, it must be a doozy!!!!
Boy, isn't that the truth!  When can we expect the indictments, Mr President?
YOUR involvement with Russia is a REAL security threat. Nice try but no cookie.
#uraniumone & #sethRich & #bundyRanch are ALL CONNECTED
Seth murdered for cover up of #uraniumgate and Bundy Ranch had the #uranium and #gold reserves. #clintonfoundation made $145,000,000 from #Russia
so true
You area the President for God's sake! Quit with the fake this and fake that. You should be trying to pull people together not pull them apart!!!
If there is nothing inappropriate, untoward, then why was all that Uranium One and Russian money dumped on the Clintons, $145 MILLION PLUS?
WRONG YOU ARE A THIEF, AND YOU PROMOTE HUMAN SUFFERING TO THE POINT OF DEATH. CHILDREN ARE NOT SAFE ANYMORE. NO ONE IS BUT FELLOW REPS.. YOUR A REALPEICE OF WORK.,
Fake president telling lies again and again. When will you stop ? Uranium deal conspiracy is your own.
I know you're old and confused but no other President or sec of state was corrupt like your family is. I know it's hard to believe that the world doesn't bend to your every hallucination, but that's just the way it is.
Your just Spreading the Fake News again, this is another of your Farce Tweets to Deflect the heat of the FAKE MIDDLE CLASS TAX Cut, oh yea I'll get an extra $100.00 a month now.. Yippie while You and Your 1%'s get $50k Plus!!
The sale of 20% of America’s uranium, by the Obama Administration through Hillary, should be investigated.
I want to follow it
No, your fake Mr Grapbshersnatch
Then force it on them President Trump! Let's get it started!
At every turn this storyline has been debunked on the merits," said the spokesman, Nick Merrill. "This latest iteration is simply more of the right doing Trump's bidding for him to distract from his own Russia problems, which are real and a grave threat to our national security.
So true ,they all need to be investigated for running guns,drugs,child trafficking and pedephillia  in the highest form of our government and in congress and senate. I am afraid there are many involved. God will let it be made known soon.
Look at this
It’s ok Mr President Trump you’re doing a great job and sooner or later people have to notice!
its no news you are just mad that Obama performed better than you because he is black...You will never meet his expectations as President. We will see..
You're a crook AND an idiot. Congrats on a rare anti-intellectual double play...LOSER!
The real story is your continuation to dig up debunked pipedreams to distract from your own problems.  Please seek psychiatric help, for the good of the country.
somehow all 9 agencies involved with the deal are corrupt?! Have you lost your damned mind?! Oh yeah...I just remembered, you're a geriatric dotard. Also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megatons_to_Megawatts_Program …
so now that the whole story has been explained by your own @FoxNews, any other concerns?
THE CLINTONS---EQUAL--SEVERE CORRUPTION !!!--12-21-2017--PJM
@NBCNews "exclusive" hahahaha
How will Mr. Trump establish a time line that works? He can't. Maybe now we can deal with the sex charges against Mr. Trump.
this is just a FAT LIE ... real Christians don't lie the way you do , they aren't resentful and Hateful like you are ..you stuffed your pockets , brought in the dumb Barbie and got support from Bondi who you PAID 250000 to drop lawsuit

Just another distraction from Mueller investigating you and your cabinet for collusion
this should be all over the news! Very tired of the biggest criminals on the planet getting away with something like this! This is something that has the potential to put all of the world in danger!!
this
You are the biggest liar and most corrupt president that the dishonorable republicans in congress don't want the truth exposed on.
you are not a dictator even though you act like one. You will ultimately fail in your attempt to destroy our country. You are the worst person we have ever had in the white house.
No Donnie, you're the real "Bigly" story, how a fraudster made it to POTUS will go down in history as America's greatest mistake!
All I see if a fake president Deficit Donnie trying to divert attention from his fucked up tax plan and Russian connections. If they can't export it is a moot point
and yet she still won by 3M votes. you wouldn't have been appointed without Putin. BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
you are such a dumbass.
He is the same the dog olds together elvispresley and very difficul for you in next year
What about the legal aspect called Defamation Of Character and Shut them down???
The REAL Uranium scandal!
@Lawrence @TrueFactsStated @chrislhayes 
Uranium firm urged Trump officials to shrink Bears Ears National Monument
They also don’t want to follow Obama’s so called “accurate” birth certificate. Freaking liberals
Go get them Mr President
FUCKING LIAR.

It is just disgusting that the clintons have escaped all of this!!
#whenareyougoingtojail?
I wish this Great Country QUIT this fight Us Here We have Other Country looking at use and saying they will tear there self down. LET COME TOGETHER AS ONE COUNTRY
Yes sir, by all mmeans investigate that sale and the bribes paid to the Clinton Foudation. I'm sure Lying  Hillary was involved in the sale.
dont you dare trust jared kushner either- you need to listen to us, steve pieczenick,, alex jones, and breitbart-they have been out long enough president Trump .Get rid of Mueller now
Trump when are you going to shut down criminal Mueller, George Soros, Clintons, Obamas-these assholes have been out long enough- use Larry Nichols himself or youtube videos he made
The biggest story will be when Trump and his crooked family are jailed. And the world will breathe a sigh of relief. @rodgermitchell
You are pretty stupid dude!
your an idiot and as a canadian i resent you implying the canadian government and russia are the same,,,,Canada bought the uranium for all purposes not to build a bomb...you bastard.....
The Fake media all what they are after is spreading lies. I wish American people could see this.
My dad  is witnessing his lifes work come to fruition.. by you , now , in swamp cleaning.HesHappy onHebrews12*#cloud9*#Yeshua #Amen ty for .@potus #itmeanseverything2US #longtimeevil #morethenRestoration #LadyLiberty knows the phat Lady Sang!#bravenewworld
Correct. Instead, they deflect "witch hunt" RussiaTrump collusion non-story.
Who gives a damn if R POTUS' tweet is the reason the AG may B opening an investigation N 2 the URANIUM ONE SCANDAL, it should've already been done.  The entire Obama Administration should be investigated.  #TRAITORSSHOULDBHELDACCOUNTABLE
They need to be held accountable  @jeffsessions
https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59f672f9e4b03cd20b827261/amp …
Please have someone summarize this article for you so you can understand it:
The whole truth from the #LasVegasShooting is right here on his page. 
https://www.facebook.com/scott.binsacksr   Twitter: @BinsackSb
Obama van de economie werd gestolen in de meest ondemocratische wijze mogelijk Obama van ISIS Strategie Militaire Al best in de Klas was.
So is Flynn going to go to Jail or are you going to try to Pardon him?  Kushner?
Broken record Mr. Trump stop involving yourself in matters with FBI and Justice 2 things you dont seem to understand
You know that she had nothing to do with this & it is such a teenie tiny  that is involved that you could not even lite a cigarette with it.
Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
With you!
Still trying to say that this was a "very bad thing" not everyone blindly believes your bullshit.
fact--jtrudeau sent millions of tax$$$ to clinton foundation-result of uranium deal. fact-politc&bureaucrats responsble
Just read about that so called "deal", once again, you, Hannity, Breitbart, Nunes, Carlson, are lying. Fucking liars.
You're such an old fool and troublemaker. A simple understanding of the FACTS confirm this is just another of your lies
FOX NEWS IS FAKE NEWS! ITS THE ONLY NETWORK THAT COVERS ALL THE BULLSHIT YOU LIE ABOUT HOW SAD!!!
ADMIT IT THE PROBE IS A BIG DEAL!!! YOU PAID RUSSIA TO RIG THE ELECTION IN YOUR FAVOR!!! KARMA IS A BITCH !!!
Leave REAL PEOPLE alone moron.
you are a fake president IQ45!! Resign now!

Wake up America we are all bieng lies to by the left!!!!
The Trump PROPAGANDA machine at it again. Don't believe ANYTHING self-serving, CROOK Trump says!
LIAR Donald Trump is spreading FAKE NEWS again! EVERYTHING out of Trump's mouth is a LIE!  TRAITOR CROOK!
WOW? we hired you to put in Justice in Supreme Court and to drain the swamp. Appoint AG that won't recuse to hand Deep State his power.
TIME for We the PEOPLE make calls, sick of Political Hacks can't walk and Chew gum at the same time we want ACCOUNTABILITY Maggie aka/MAC
The media has it right, they know that it is 45 and his administration that colluded with Russia and so do you Eric. GOOD LUCK TO ALL OF YOU
Fake news continues
Could it be because it was first an exaggerated story told by a BREITBART employee, u know..same people who brought us Pizzagate?  How dumb.
I think that’s the way to stop mueller investigation, order him after crooket Hilary. You are the POTUS. Demand it.
this doesn't make sense n
ASSCLOWN tRUMP, that bogus story debunked 2 years ago. No uranium ever went to russia and the CFIUS is chaired by Sec. of Treasury not State
No, you and your corrupt, dangerous administration are much more important to follow.
Time to fire Sessions if he is not going to do his job.
Get your FACTS STRAIGHT!
Your  boys got indicted. Deal with that.
That’s their problem.
Go get something done and stop whining. Even we in Africa knows how the US sales uranium. 9 members committee approval needed. Trump lies
Bring back @BillOReilly 
We’re sick of it. Is AG Sessions going to do something?
It's very demoralizing to the American people to know that serious crimes were (and still are) being committed by Govt officials, and yet our Attorney General and @TheJusticeDept are doing nothing about it!  Or ARE they?
The Clinton-uranium "scandal" is right-wing nonsense. Here's everything you need to know. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/10/the-clinton-uranium-scandal-is-right-wing-nonsense-heres-everything-you-need-to-know/ … via @MotherJones

@Foxnews @PressSec -- this conspiracy theory has been debunked -- typical distract-and-deflect from desperate Trump ...
I don't think your fricking AG knows about it. Tell him. Also tell him to get moving or get out. He works for you.
lol 9 different agencies all bullied by one lady nice try
smoking crack?@realDonaldTrump
#FakeNews, DumpTruck.
