If you want to help stay away. Just send a Personal Check to the Red Cross. $1 mil would be nice. Other than that keep out. No politics.
Naw we're not doing that bad down here. Stay in Washington
Stay away. We have enough trouble. You'll bring hatred with you.
Thanks 
You being in office is disruption enough

Like in "two weeks"? Same as all your other false promises?
Prediction:You won't be following through on threat to shut down government over money for your Wall

You wont shut down FEMA now, will you?
For life and safety, we should #impeach the greatest threat to the sovereignty, safety and livelihoods of the American people.
Who wrote this for you?
You should wait until it's safe. They are having some bad weather there right now. Stay on vacation a little while longer. It's messy there.
I Support President Donald Trump
Nostrodamus has said in his prediction that "Hindustan world will be distinguished as a Guru in the Presidency of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj".
But first a rally in the most racist state in the nation.
Then you can do your typical ego trip rally and make it all about you.
Send Kushner.
You are our most valuable resource Please Be Safe Mr President 
You need to get your ass down there now because it's over fuckball
Your presidency that is
Good morning Gen Kelly!
Isn't that the truth!! Every hurricane tweet was NOT Trump's
You are a distraction to everyone. Leave Texas alone. They are too busy for your bullshit. Besides, if you get wet...you will probably melt.
I think there's already something causing a disruption in Texas?
But what could it be
Thank you Mr President.  You're doing a fantastic job.
You mean you are going once you finish playing golf?
Stay home & tweet. It's good comedy & it keeps you out of trouble.
Still with Hillary
Still have more votes
Yes, yes she does.
More patriots support impeaching trump than they did Nixon!
Waiting for golf courses to dry out?
Please go now and stand in the floodwaters, it'll be as impressive as staring at the eclipse without glasses.
#25thAmendment
#ImpeachTrump
Pozdrawiam z Polski  - Greetings from Poland
So that Means NEVER Then?
You and Fox Distorting Facts Like Always... FOX NEWS Has Just Been Caught Red-Handed!
RETWEET!
It's kind of sickening that you cause so much distraction...  Did you sit down and think about why that may be?
Everywhere you go you breed hate, and you are slowly tearing the fabric of this great nation apart
America Was GREAT before you became President. Now we really do need to MAGA!
@POTUS was elected because so many Americans were miserably crying out to God, begging Him to deliver us from the evil of Obama & Clinton.
What, do you have a golf course there? A hotel?
Do need to maga
Thanks for causing me to lose my health care. This will cost you a lot of votes next time. And why don’t you reply back.
That will be 9months from now. Once again too little too late. Where was ur assistance prior to the storm hitting like a week ago
How did you hit them this weekend? I struggled with my slice again.
Everything you do causes disruption.  Guess you aren't going.
Surprised you don't want to pardon any more of your racist friends or further endanger trans lives b4 you focus on the crisis at hand.
Maybe just fly over with Air Force One towing a banner that says Good Luck #MHDA
Anywhere you go, it causes disruption!
How much will that trip cost America? Good sentiment, but you're already overdrawn!
Aww, you so jealous over losing Prez
We Texans are not... please don't speak on what you clearly don't know.
More Texans are for him than against.
 u must not be from here and if so than clearly delusional.
If you were talking to me, just Texas born and raised, #Rice graduate, hubby #UTmedicalschool graduate, quite conservative, thank you.
well then, welcome to the Texas of now. Harris county is blue.
The majority of Texans are still very proud to be Independent/Conservative. Idk where you got info of Harris county being blue
Remember that these extreme weather events are associated with climate change. Still think global warming is a hoax by the Chinese? 
Trump is gonna visit displaced Houston families in FEMA camps to give them maps of his electoral college victory
First laugh of the day.  Thanks!
If you care so much about "Life and Safety", you should be focused more on climate change and the rise in Neo Nazis
It's nice that you plan to make a trip to Texas, but I have a feeling this will turn more into a "Trump Rally" and Vacation for you.
By the time you get to Texas, the sun will be shining and the messes will be cleaned up.  You won't be saving lives. Others already did!
Just resign before you embarrass yourself any more!
Surely your good friends are suggesting that you step down, right?  Oh wait, you don't have any friends....
Lol you really sound like a little kid, that is very embarrassing for you.
The journey is so crucial indeed.
Ah-hum... The Obama's made it there already. @realPresidents.

I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety....
It takes a leader with good ideas to the prioritize security of his people
This isn’t helping us it’s killing us.
Since when
My insurance will now be 2,000 a month how the hell can I afford that and I have two kids and a wife that can’t work.
Finally, a POTUS who cares more about the Americans in crisis than him getting brownie points for showing up!
Jokes on you.
Thank you for all you are doing
10 bucks says you won't ever go
Disruption to your golf game?
Yes, even Obama showed up in Louisiana.
Obama didn't give two shits about Louisiana
He only went to front the cameras.
Exactly. But the truth my home state is practically beyond saving. We're 100+ feet below sea level
That far!!! Wow, you need to move man! Try Colorado. It's 6,000ft above sea level LOL Well Denver anyway. The Rockies peak at 14,500ft.
And hotter looking women obviously....you're right! And I'm planning to move away from here too.
Many fit women in Colorado. Very health conscious. You should see them in winter as well as summer!
I know there are MILFS and cougars up there, right? LOL
Boy you represent stupidity very well
You represent nobody. You're a loser. An UNAMERICAN loser at that. Who supports a racist con. Loser
Dear Mr. President, I hope you go to visit Dallas, Texas. I would love to hear that Lee #HurricaneHarvey Oswald was there to greet you.
Then you need to resign from the circus you have created!
Stay away Skippy.
Meet @realDonaldTrump avoiding trip to Texas yet using #HarveyDisaster for his focus on the modern presidential KKK-WH. #Hypocrisy #RESIST
Everything you will cause chaos so do and let the doing talk for it self
Then don't come.
We've had enough disasters landing on our soil this week, but thanks.
Here's an idea. Watch it on TV as u do the rest of life. They don't need u there to further stress resources. #NotAllAboutYou #Child
RECORD SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURES IN GULF OF MEXICO CAUSED THIS STORM. MAYBE GOOD TIME TO RETHINK DEFUNDING NOAA AND NWS.
Oh goodie, goodie! Will you be handing out PlayDoh again??!!! WoW! What a blessing! (Useless as tits on a bull!)  #fakepresident #FakePOTUS
You have no idea how happy the kids that went through the flood appreciated the playdoh they lost lol their toys brought a little happiness!
Oh, GIVE ME A BREAK!
We NEED OBAMA!
Don't bother. You cost the tax payers money to protect you. TX will pull thru without you.Thanks!
Yes
seriously? everyone's going on about "you shouldn't be president" THIS IS A CRISIS PEOPLE, have some compassion for the people in #huston
We're good, don't worry about it. Stay where you are.
Yeah and if he does that people will spear him too. Just let him do his job man.
Yes, because he is sure to listen to my command. Let me vent.
Hey when are you coming back from CA?
At this point I don't know, was supposed to land at 6am Thurs. hoping that's the case. I wish I could go back now and help in some way.
My place isn't fancy, but I do have a 3 year old 30' rv with slideout & queen bed if you need somewhere to stay if you can't get back in.
Thanks! So far my house is fine.
Ok, didn't know where you lived around there. It's likely to rain 5-6 more days. Latest model has it hitting Houston again on Wednesday.
You mean your own safety.  You don't care about anyone except yourself.
You mean if a golf game doesn't get in the way......or Russia Russia Russia.
LIFE 'n' SAFETY FIRST,...SO >you< say?
WELL THEN,. RESIGN!
PACK UP YOUR FAMILY UP AND go LIVE WITH POOH-tin; & BUILD; YOUR KREMLIN-A-LAGO!
Disruption?  Think it's too late for that, you've disrupted this entire nation the day you took office.
Stay away from Texas! The last thing those people need is you holding another "I LOVE MYSELF RALLY" during the floods & disaster. Go golf!!

The media need to wake up and see Antifa for what they really are. Domestic terrorists. 
And this time I mean it.
Yours, I assume.  Cowardly little wimp.
Will you be taking your babysitters along? #TrumpHandlers #TrumpMustResign #cantTrustTrump
You mean as soon as you can go without putting your own life at risk, right?
Everything you do is a disruption, because you have to make everything all about YOU

Whatever, you are such a liar!
Don't you mean as soon as it stops raining? We all know you'll melt like the wicked witch.
Yeah your own.

LMAO. So now you decide to not be disruptive in times of a natural disaster. That's rich!
I heard you are showing up tomorrow.  Please, dont.  We have work to do
Can they put pontoon's on Air force 1? Come on you bunch of talented photoshopers let's see it! Thank you President Trump, save TX.
So NOW you don't wanna disrupt things like you did last year in Baton Rouge? #hypocrite ...
Please just don't come. We have enough to deal with already
Please don't. Your over inflated ego will just getting the way. Let the professional workers handle this. Please stay far away, on vacation.
Please don't come here. Don't want more trash in this city
don't go. they need help, not photo ops
America is waiting for you 2 turn this tragedy into your benefit. What will it be?Getting a kitty out of a tree only if you're photographed?


Stay away Donald they don't need bozo the clown they need help
Too late, already taking credit for others good work. Fails to say anything about the victims. This is not a rally Babyhands.
Oh Donnie boy, I don't know why you're coming to Texas. All of the golf courses are FLOODED!!!
Please stay home.  Go play golf or something.  Release your tax returns
Leave the getting in there and caring about part to experts in getting in there and caring.
ARPAIO - A Latino motorist was incarcerated for 13 days for not using his turn signal
Plz beg Forgiveness from God
Go now! Swim in.
Just stay out of the way.
You gonna pass out Play Doh again?..
Good thinking, wait till next Wednesday or Thursday, you'll get a better Tee time
Thank God you learned something from Obama!! Remember how you belittled him for staying out of the way?? You yelled and screamed it! Member?
I believe in President Trump infinito. a citizen of Nigeria n I love Trump. I do not need to be an American to trust him
yeah im sure your arrival will eradicate all threats
They don't want you there. They want real help. Know who is not going to Texas?  Mueller. He's onto you Trumpty Dumpty.
How about NO - take yourself to one of your Trump trash towers - we do NOT need you down here.  EVER.

They don't want you there.
A focus on life and safety would best be achieved by your immediate removal from office.
Welcome Pres. Trump anytime. Those of you that are haters, you know where the borders of the USA are located...
I think Texans have suffered enough. No one wants you there. Just play another round of golf instead. #DontmesswithTexas
You always cause disruption.  For that, you may claim all success.  100% credit goes to you for being the biggest bumbler in USA history.
One would hope that it is your life in danger. If so, please go to Texas ASAP! #Harvey2017
Please don't lmao. We don't need anymore stress
Stay home. You're not needed.
Your resignation is the greatest effort for safety of Americans.
Because He Cared, MAGA
You don't give a shit about Houston
But in the meantime, just keep tweeting about pointless shit.
It is Great to Hear and See you are a President that actually acts on your words... You say what you're going to do...and then you do it..
A BIG THANK YOU TO @GregAbbott_TX and to @POTUS45
Would hate to see you disrupted, while your supporters suffer in this HISTORICAL flood! Disgusting! And then you throw a pep rally! WOW
Everyone got upset with Obama for not flying in but he wanted the attention to be on the people of Texas and Louisiana instead of him.
Really, volunteers coming in from other states but you can't make it? Some of us aren't disappointed, don't bring hate here.
Thank you for Your integrity and hard work.   The Great State of Texas welcomes you!
You should go now, right now, and walk along I 10 with blocks tied to your feet
U just wished for the President of the  United States of America to die. Not o.k. at all. Report!
Trump...when you tour Houston watch out for that long tie...could get wet!!!
I guess u mean never
Worried about disrupting your golf game?
The people there will appreciate but watch CNN and all the other biased media have a Total mental breakdown over His going.. jerks
You are a good man
Obama was already in Rockport , helping those in need . He didn't have to tweet out that he will soon be coming . He took action, unlike you
That picture isn't from Rockport. That's from Thanksgiving 2015z
people don't want to see you. Stay a way.
As a Houstonian, I ask you to please not come.
HARD PASS
We don't need you here
Kelly wrote that.

Besides, you don't want to go if you might get dirt on your Bruno Mali shoes.
We don't want you here.
Mr Trump, given the scale of this catastrophic event, shall you reconsider the pull back from the Paris Accord? It is actually about us.
Why? Do you have a property here too?
better bring a really big checkbook. Texas needs 150 BILLION DOLLARS.
May God bless you and your family Sir. Thank you for all that you do and try to do for our nation in distress...
While you're waiting, perhaps you should examine Finnish/Russian history. http://rarehistoricalphotos.com/body-frozen-soviet-soldier-propped-finnish-fighters-intimidate-soviet-troops-1939/ …
You meet with Finnish President and display a TOTAL ignorance of history. Russia INVADED Finland in 1939. 100 years of good relations my ass
Fuck no
Sounds like a good excuse to sit on that fat butt and just tweet!
When you go remember they don't need a hate fueled rally. They need actual help from your administration.  Try not to fuck it up
Yes the last thing Texas ppl need is your pompous ass swooping in to get attention. We don't need any pics of you trying to look important
God bless America  God bless President Donald Trump and his family 
Thanks, Mr. President!!!
I'm so happy you are our president. #MAGA #TreatAmericansWithRespect
You are lazy
@SebGorka Mr. President, Please deploy troops to Berkley, CA.  The world is watching. CA is not able to care for itself...
Stay safe! @realDonaldTrump
To dippen the floor enough to hold the water rather than flood cities. And do same on large open spaces to create new water buddies
Of course you will! We know we can count on you! Thank you, POTUS!
Such bashing. He's authorized aid for Harvey victims. Nothing will ever be good enough. #GiveCreditWhereCreditIsDue
Smart.  Thanks for listening to others who know best.
then stop crapping on Mexico after they offered help Texas. do you even hear yourself?! you sound like you're trying to make things worse!
It's Texas, we got this.
Good job Mr. President
Have u safe Texas now??
You are a good man! ppl can keep spewing lies about you, but it's obvious you care about people & America! Thank you!
IDEA. H"M. BLAS. YOU. BOTTER. AND. THE. PPLE. OF. TEXAS. GOOD. LUCK. BESTH. BESTH. WISHESS. 
...stay away...Texas does not want you!
Please President Trump do not let these people down like those people were during hurricane Katrina! I have faith in you.
As a Texan please don't you're always a disruption
Nah go golf
So stay home - who wants or needs YOU!
Please don't
