Bashed Obama
he can't rebuild America so will use the deaths of Military members 2 try to increase his popularity but will fail as USA citizens die
He's done more in 6 months than Obama did in 7 years. I mean good stuff . Obama came near destroying us. @williamtrobbins
he has passed ZERO legislation since elected and he controls GOP.  destroyed healthcare,meals on wheels,enviroment,Paris Accord etc
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia.  http://45.wh.gov/FortMyer ...
.
Drop dead
Jesus Christ is the Lord.
Good job
Best days.
no
YOU know arlington national cemetery used too be ROBERT E LEES House and they would bury union soldiers in his wifes rose garden Arlington
I need to interview you mr president and tell you about all kinds of #FakeNews they are fabricating about you in #iraq .. 
@HaiderAlAbadi
عزيزي احمد تريد نسوي حملة come to albasheershow؟ تعرف بينا منقصر
اذا صار تاك صيحوني اجيب چوالاتي وجماعتي واجيكم.. #بعدنه_بظهرك
Get that bill just passed 2 and 4 th amendment rights violation! AMERICA IS PISSED! RYANS CAREER IS FINISHED!
Thank you for the invite but this event occurred well over a month ago
ok

Nice speech! Make sure your supporters are safe when you go to AZ
WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP! #MAGA 
Watching you right now. You are the best
No.
Please Congress cut off funding for this never ending war
Fake President!! Afghanistan strategy from guy who most likely using his gut feelings to make decisions.

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
No one wants to join you, lol
We're counting on you to go off script
You giant manure pile!!! Saudi Arabia planned and carried out 9/11.
Live from another Nazi rally?
And again big Don, please stop with the fake military sympathy crap. I'm one retiree that it's REALLY offending.
Watch another campaign con job? Hell no! #MakeAmericaGroanAgain
Nope.  Not a chance.
Ok, but only if you promise to fully unhinge and talk off the cuff...that's what real leaders do #obamawoulddoit
We are waiting 
What happened to all your secret plans?! PS there won't be any "victory." That was  another mistake to use.Very vague threats. Blah, blah...
Time to turn off the tv -
What an inspiring and awesome speech.  So proud I voted for you.
GREAT to see you show weak, sad Obama how to end a war! Oh, haha, JK. Sad that ur baseless base believed u when u said, it's gonna b so easy
You was spot on Mr President...we stand behind you!!!
"You was"? Really? *smh*
SMH at you.
Speech writers can't hide 45s true feelings.
I'm going to skip it, "that's too bad."
Ready to resign?
I'm watching, Mr. President! #USA #PresidentTrump 

No thanks
You are only trying to deflect from last week!  #TrumpResign

You are the Master of Hate. Please just stop all the lies! God only knows what you will be up to in AZ at your KLAN RALLY! Is Joe going free
Have your eyes had time to heel?
 
Can you read the teleprompter?
Afraid he can't Jeffrey. Trump probably burned out his retinas since Science is Fake News.
Delicious.
Do you think people can tell the difference though? He has already been so blind with racism and injustice.

We're going to miss Don, Jr. and Eric. I'm assuming your kids are going into Afghanistan first, right? #SoMuchWinning
Unless of course, those heel spurs are genetic. Or are those "heal spurs"?
Nah. That genetic defect is "solely" his....
Now. If his boys don't toe the line, they may have to go take territory from bad guys foot by foot.
There's plenty to do. He talked about infrastructure. Maybe don jr and Eric can fix some of the collapsed arches.
Sorry folks. Two shots of bourbon + @realDonaldTrump talking out of his ass = bad foot related puns.
"I'll take heel spurs and five deferments for a thousand, Alex."

You know I just hit the daily double.


Send troops - fema and help to Texas now! Please! This storm is bad 
Hey what about that dime?
How many holes you playing? #absentpresident #lazyleader #parodypresident
That was a terrible speech

Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
He is upping troops and giving attention to a war he told his followers he would get the US out of.
he will change nothing with a 35% approval rating.  he hasnt built his wall hasnt appealed obamacare all things he promised in first month
No thanks.
Funny, that was the first word that popped into my head... No...
LOYALTY guys #undergod
Please leave my Commonwealth alone.
Good job boss.
unless, you're a transgender soldier...
Trump gave a great speech., it will go along way in the fight against  the sickos.
Stand behind your President.
You forgot to mention-"Enjoy!"
So trump's "secret" plan turns out to be Ibama's strategy?!

No, she should stay in jail for saying something like that.
Those poor soldiers being used as a prop?
Thank you for your speech to protrect the Freedom
NO
Great speech. I'll be uploading a clip soon.
woooooow Love you mensieur prisiden de USA 
Sorry, I rather get a root canal and watch a snail crawl cross the road. You crooked immoral clown.....
These are not even your words. You couldn't  be that literate. Even the bigley words you said you don't even understand  your inept,
I'm sure all the soldiers who fought in WWII who are buried in Arlington are spinning in their graves.
I can't, I am not racist
For what, more lies?
Great speech.  Silence remains golden!  Prayers always
No.
Lookin' good sir! Thank you for not being afraid. Your supporters are behind you.
Great speech, thank you for being so honest. Thank God your my President!!!!
You are a high quality person, Mr. President.
TRUMP ever since u took office u generals and left have cried for more war,war now obama and mcmasters plan is in play! This is disheartning
I will Pres. Trump and your talk tonight in Mount Arlington VA was powerful, sincere and fantastic. You were a stoic President. SO amazing
How is increasing the troops making America first?

No
Yes
You are lovely president
Resign
I was a hard pass but I thought, ok one more chance. Well shame on me . Enough!
hello lazy bigot, pls comment on the ongoing investigation into sex trafficking of young girls through trump model mgmt
We will sir
Why not say ISLAMIC TERRORISM?!??
Great speech, Mr. President. Do not listen to the rhetoric from the ignorant. Go get 'em!
No
Ewwww.
If you've EVER CARED about the USA. RESIGN. If you love it let it go..... show US your love.
I think we need a draft. Male and female. They will serve or leave. Get them off the streets. If my kid can serve so can the haters.
Great Job Mr. President!! 
Up Yours
I did ;)
Than any president ever in 8 years.  Why don't just stay at the white and work.  Or is this rally a way to vacation and not pay
the only words I want to  hear from you are "I resign."
No thanks
Donald Trump is the best president that we have ever had
Passionate and ingenious. Haven't enjoyed such a meaningful and loaded presidential speech in decades.Thank you Mr. President!
I agree was a wonderful speech and full of sincerity.  We believe in you.
Keep it up. Our prayers are with you and your family. Time to stop backing the swamp Republicans. Let us know who they are.
Quit golfing & talking about yourself & get your state Dept & ambassadors on the job. Our soldiers are risking their lives Your incompetent!

Stay out of my city. Thx.
Great speech! Thank you Mr. President! We love you!! Continued prayers for you and your family 
No thank you
I heard nothing about Robert E. Lee at the Charlottesville rally. All I heard was hatred for Jews. You're a fool if you believe that rally

Thank you President Trump
We Pakistani hate you
HELL NO- U R NOT IMPORTANT MY DEAR. Rather do fun things with my beau
Great address to the American people President Trump! Keep doing what you're doing!

What for? Anything comes out of your mouth is not worth listening. Sad
You need to learn how to read.  And come up with a few more hand signs, when "conducting" big words for yourself.
That was an excellent setting to deliver your speech tonight!  See all the military in the audience made a statement.
Join trump hè abt to show the world his thingy Ok here itt is. As your pres i have a lot to offer. Please rt my thingy i would be bigly thfu
@realDonaldTrump I'd rather see you live in prison.

You're as good as your word 
Great job. BTW, really good hair tonight. Stay safe. Keep our troops safe.
Well that was a waste of time
Quit
Dude, you are so putting more troops in Afghanistan. You are not the close to the vest type you fashion yourself to be.
Afghanistan was obamas issue per u back in the day.  So instead of a clown like u per ur interview withdraw ur a joke for usa fraudulent mf
You apparently aren't welcomed there Donald. You should hole your safespace rally elsewhere
I'd rather jump into traffic
Loved your speech!
Local milk people
No phone call from boy scouts
New Hampshire drug infested den
You cant say you won't pay for the wall that will be bad for me
Hard pass
Ck article on my page. Listings on Craig's List for actors of color getting paid to go to rally and support Trump. FAKE FANS...SO SAD!!!
Autocratic ruthless rulers versus free world. Time to do LA tea party to dump chinese goods
Withdrawl from Afghanistan. You are not getting good advice on this 16 year debacle Mr President.
no
What are U doing, a game show or a cocktail party?  U R certifiably the worst President in history.  Again, not a TV reality show.  Loser

No thanks!
Are you resigning? No? Then no thanks. I'd rather wash my dogs ass.
Why? You gonna hand in your resignation?
#USA
No thank you.
Join me live from Fort Trump Sucks, which is my couch.
https://twitter.com/Hublife/status/900046216871911425 …
Why, is there a golf tournament there?
You are a Godsend 
It is time they learn to be real men
Slept right true it, so I guess you made total sense.
Seriously, can't wait to laugh at it.
No, thanks, President "Wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am". Just more promises broken.
Thank you President Trump! True leader, passionate patriot, American torch bearer!! Stay focused! Stay the course! 
great sir
Gotta make it look good :
Fuck to the no.
