Humans ungracious to our scientists hear a liar show off a few of us.
YES we're with you. hence the FLAG of the Jewish Nation is flying amongst the others. I BELIEVE you can do more.
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:… https://t.co/AUdJgxXi...
#CongratsPeggy!!!
The disgraceful president
Dam
What is your daughter doing there?
Ivanka is with the Space Cadets. she's selling Space Cadet cookies to WH staff
We are not a monarchy! Get your family out of the @WhiteHouse ! @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
Awesome
Now In Cinema
WATCH MOVIES ONLINE FREE 
http://www.nowincinema.com/ 
lol. Bet he doesn't believe they're actually in space.
and the female astronaut asked... did that answer your question about drinking piss.
your daughter in government is like me on the moon...a ridiculous thought.  being surrounded by family is not making you a better person
I am like NATO
Get Ivanka to read it for ya dimwit
The best president is you
Ivanka is always by her Dads side because she is being groom ed to be first woman president of US.
I like America President. Paa,
So hey when are you going to increase NASA's funding? Oh yeah, when pigs fly.
I wonder if Trump would consider a trip to the moon?
Mentally ill President
Please build the wall and get rid of thr aliens. I would like to see some of the real alien stuff to. You no its true im not stupid.
She looks real happy sitting by you not....
The world is flat
#eprops
was this take your kid to work day ? Why is that overinflated purse maker sitting there ?
#CongratsPeggy

why is Ivanka there? what does she have to do with Pioneer Women, braving new frontiers in math & science?
Great job on this!
Why Ivanka say America 1st and do majority of her busy overseas? 
Po Jared, everything he pass down to his kids go end up in granddaddy name
Some school children from inner cities could have benefitted from this experience. It gives them HOPE.This presidency isn't about ur family

so, why u were there with nasa, why not talk about climate change as they are ACTUAL SCIENTISTS instead of just blamming china
Never give up keep America great God bless you and our country
that was so emotional! Finally the sciences are back! Thank you
you ought to get a job as a toast master of all time IDIOTs
,.
space is a better investment than war with massive future returns and little competition.
Attacked the North korea , eliminated the fears of nuclear weapons, and brought full strength to the United States
Good job thank you team great job love TRUMP all the way
You just slashed their budget and put a gag order on their scientists, you are a total hypocrite
So unpresidential
Thanks so much for sharing this with us.
mis saludos para laprimera dama melania trump y para ivanca trump..
Dear @realDonaldTrump take it relax... keep enjoying the life... 
An intelligent man wrote a speech ...
An elementary man read it ...
Learn to read and speak out loud. Cringeworthy, really cringeworthy.
He ad-libs too much
Lovely that you daughter-wife can be there.
I volunteer you for the first mission to Mars.
@IvankaTrump is so f*cking gorgeous, she's like #Raven from #TeenTitans, the beautiful and sexy daughter of the devil 
Take your daughter to work day?
08096791118
TELnomber08096791118
International base working together for a better world, it's the only way to go. Congrats NASA.
TELphonpreserispectTRANPU
God is back in charge & the liberal demons are running scared! 
Donald, I saw you do this. You may be the dumbest make i've ever heard. Watch the film. Look how embarrassed she is for you
and remarked on Dating your Daughter. She is Hissed and Boo'd trying to speak well of you. Nice one Donald.
Seeing Ivanka,I read...First easy to discount your outrageous comments on Trade,and in the sane breath vowed to build a wall and remarked on
Do you get tired of Tang? Where does the Chimpanzee sleep? Will you remember how to float when you get back? How do you poop in space?
You want to slash NASA's budget. Why don't you say thanks by not canning @AstroPeggy
khung ...
I think he does a great job. It'd be tough doing what he does. I thought he was down to earth!And, I think he is the right president for now
Amazing speech by Nasa Astronauts, thank you. Why is Mr. Trump's daughter there? I saw her straigten up her fringe which looks fine to me.
AMAZING
where arer yor tax returns.
Congrats... M
THUMBS UP!
Is Ivanka still on your apron ties??? Must be she's always at your hip.
Release your taxes
too bad she was stuck taking to you. Such a special time for her, stuck talking to you! Sad!!!
#NoFlyZone4Rojava
He is actually struggling to read that..
only president who everasked about drinking piss. sad
no weare tired of hearing you shu the f up and do away  go visit your putin and stay there your not wanted here
is your daughter the president or Jarard they do a lot more then you and all of you suck at it! Cant wait till they impeach you Get out now
,why are you congratulating her?...did she lose a limb?
laughoutloud-club:

You don’t want her, man. She’ll stab you in...
#America voted 4 #Trump #loyalty #MAGA  &although we admire ur strong family, we did not #IvankaTrump nor #Jared Stay true 2 us=loyal to you
Your globalist feminist zionist warmista daughter spoils the view.
I'd be ashamed if I voted for you you've done nothing you said you were going to do
You going Down Quickest in history
Trump you are the  BEST
What do you and astronauts have in common? You both drink piss. #goldenshowersandorangefaces
While denying science. Anti Climate change. Cuting budgets for nasa epa and science programs.
Since you care very little about our own planet, you should forget about visiting any others.  Earth matters!
NASA sn govt. needs to be honest truth about other life forms we deserve the damn truth isn't that why u were voted in truth corrup. Hillary
You have the First Lady Ivanka next to you, going to piss Melania when moves to WH
All of this from a man who wouldn't know a bunsen burner from a zippo lighter.
President Trump you're doing a awesome job it's so wonderful to have a president that cares about space exploration and our future.
NASA CUTS THE FEEDS OFF EVERYTIME UFO'S ARE ON THE SCREEN . 1000'S OF VIDEOS PROVE NASA IS BIGGER LIARS THEN CNN + MSNBC COMBINED
tell NASA to release UFO information . NASA IS SAME AS FAKE NEWS . WE ALL KNOW IT !!
#CongratsPeggy
WE DID NOT VOTE FOR IVANKA TRUMP, MR. PRESIDENT...WE DID NOT !!!!!
#congrats Peggy we are proud of you
Real Blonde on the left, think she's blinking Morse Code: translation-Get me the F@$K outta here!
I am taking grandchild to Space Camp for the 5th time this Aug #CongratsPeggy
#CongratsPeggy
President Trump, please make the Democrats shut the government down
Where's your wife? We don't want to see your daughter!
ALL PROBLEMS CREATED BY OBAMA. HE IS THE REASON FOR TERRORIST GROUPS NJOY, HE SUPPORT PAK,IRAN,TEROR GROUPS.WAS IT CAUSE HE MUSLM?
Looks like she is texting while she is sitting there.  Probably saying she wants to throw up, because she can't stand him.
Mr. President please leave my boyfriend alone his not a criminal.  Give them the TPS please
You seemed pretty happy you got to talk about pee-pee without the use of "Russian prostitutes". LOL #ImpeachTrump
you're a failure and an embarrassment to the USA resign!
Congrats Donnie for taking down America! Did Hillary tell you to do this?
WTF is Ivanka doing there???? Jesus, is she there to try and keep you from embarrassing yourself? She failed!
Don't go off script.  You'll screw up again.  Put your finger on each and every word.
Give your daughter a 1 way ticket to Mars...go WITH her.
They must hate you lol
Congratulations to @astropeggy & team our future are your hands @NASA ! G-D's Universe is a gift to research, health, resources & eternity.
Trashy Ivanka talks likes she's answering questions at a beauty contest.  Sad.
I'm sure you made sure your hands were clearly above the table for obvious reasons.
So, is @IvankaTrump your space-advisor?
Remind us what you just accomplished for the American people with this photo op?
The lady on the left seems to want to be on another planet also...
#CongratsPeggy #MAGA #Trump2020
Wtf does Ivanka have to do with it?

She looks like she wants to vomit. I wonder why. I know, she is seated next to you. She is wondering if you're going to grab her kitty.
that was so nice of you to do that. #CongratsPeggy!
Congratulation
Did he have a drink and saw the script for the first time? Embarrassing
Way to go! Congrats for your achievements as a gifted individual!
"I've never heard of anything as fast at 17000 mph" Seriously? And he does realise it's not all American? the clue is in the name, ISS
