Don't forget Dory!!  

How B.O. Screwed the Americans and yet punished those who didn't have OC, by there taxes every year!! #robbery #maga rid of #OBAMACARE
This man is more narcissistic than most despots. It's just a shame that he cares more about his image than he does for US citizens.
Don the Con predicted a real estate trend? WTF is this douchebag's background? This is news? #Resist #MAGA
I wish I heard that back in 2012 because we are paying top dollar for a home now.
I don't think you'll see this on msn
Who didn't ? Thanks Obama !
A lot of people predicted it! Lol Too bad you just rolled back on those regulations on finance.

.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly & I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Intelligent guess! That is my feeling.
And will pick up more seats in 2018 the Democrats downward spiral
Sorry buddy. Retweeting anything from FonAndFriends doesn't hold much weight with a lot of us.
Fake 45 IOTUS.... The want to be dictator. Predicting your impeachment & prison term. Just a treasonous coward!
You spelled dictator wrong
LOL, @foxandfriends literally spoon feeds Donald this garbage because they know he watches. He's too egotistical to notice the manipulation.
LOL, what do you call what cnn, msnbc and abc did with king 0bama for 8 years? Get a grip
A grip is what @FoxNews has around Trumps funsized little 'whatever'
Is this supposed to be an insult? Care to add anything intelligent to the discussion? Rhetorical ?, dnt answer
Not directed to u, unless you're an extension of Trump's body (praised be his name)...and intelligent? Good sir, you defend fox, no int here
Don't give a damn about fox. Just showing your hypocrisy knows no bounds. All the msm did was stroke King Obama's ego.
Good sir you seem to give more than a dann about defending #StateRunMedia, Obama a king? I'd call him a president (and a gentleman) not king
Gentleman? Thanks for the laugh...
TRUMP -A- CHEER
Why aren't you settled into your padded room for the evening?
He'd better considering his $ billion business is banked on real estate.
Trump also foretold Russian interference in the 2016 election. Because he's a Russian spy.
Bahahaaaa!  WAKE UP! I feel sorry for you, in your ignorance.
Reel it in Gigi. You're heading toward the outer limits of #Trumpworld.
It's a GREAT PLACE TO BE. At least I don't believe in traitors, liars, murderers, and thieves. OH MY!
Yes. All the things Trump is. I'll take murder off the table for him though, just to be fair. Otherwise you listed them nicely.
Seriously? That's your very best?  At least by your omission of murder you proved me right!  GOTCHA!!!
What did omitting murder prove to you? I did that for Donnie's benefit since everything you listed fit Trump to a T.
Hillary to a "t", including murder.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Disabled Americans have the right to protest. Shameful what went on outside McConnell's office

Can I have next week's lotto numbers?
He foretold the Russian's hacking the election,, too...mwahaha. And there is this bit of wisdom...
You mean LIAR in CHIEF ??

No one believes you and most don't like you. #MAGA by RESIGNING!
Plus you are a certified LIAR !
State run media @FoxNews and their puppet @realDonaldTrump at it again!
This is 2017 and everyone predicted that housing would come back maybe except Fox
Ru saying our intel lies? That u side with a foreign hostile agency? Let's just get this over with- shall we? I'm American, hi, & you are..?
Yeah, well. 
TrumpSmart 
Lmfao. Talk about Fake News.
Love to his prediction on Hillary, Soros, and Obama.  See if it matches mine 
I guess that makes me a predictor as well.  I predicted trump is an ass and he would suck as POTUS.

You have nothing to do with the housing upswing it's been going up for the last five years stop taking credit for things not to do with you
Go to bed old man 
Is that how you speak to your elders and betters?
He might be an Elder, but he certainly isn't most Anyone's Better! 
unless you mean Better at lying,cheating,incompetence,hypocrisy,etc
I disagree
You'd be wrong
Puhlease. More like #FakePOTUS.
Right cause he has passed so many bills... Oh wait my bad.. The last bill passed that helped all Americans was by Obama! Still losing DT!
Just like we're foretelling his impeachment.
Apparently you live under a rock or head in sand...wake up!!! #liberalsaremental
Btw what are you resisting?

You're talking about CNN comic news network

That's funny George notwell
Please....come back Pres Obama. We miss your absolute statesmanship and compassion. Globally you are iconic.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  OUR BRILLIANT PRESIDENT HAS COMMON SENSE, IS  PRAGMATIC & HEART FOR  THE PEOPLE #TRUSTTRUMP 
Obama's law firm sued Fanny Mae andFreddy Mac to make them do those crazy bloom payment loans Oh yea, Obama's Law Firm. Let that sink in.

I've learned something doing rummage sales. I heard he was going to start out at 20% for businesses. NO! Start at lowest 15% then work up. .
Hhhh a prophet now.  It is the end of days
No news there Fox....many people predicted the upswing.  
Not the adjective I would choose. And who was Pres 2012-2016?
Liberal politicians have never earned a penny in their lives. Barack Obama isn't qualified to be President Trump's intern in the real world.
Statistically democrats earn more and pay more taxes. Facts still matter, even in the age of Trump.
Facts still matter Daniel. Read a book ( just not The art of the deal. Even the writer said it was crap).
Hahaha, Donald is proud of the fact that he pays little taxes . But I guess that is okay because he is "Smart".
If U R INNOCENT,HAVE NOTHING 2 HIDE, DID NOTHING WRONG U SHOULD B HAPPY U WILL B VINDICATED. OBVIOUSLY/THAT'S NOT THE CASE/U ACT VERY GULTY
You're kissing POTUS's ass so much you're head is actually up there. This guy has filed for bankruptcy 4 times. A monkey can get lucky.
DUH
Please, go wash your brown nose, the shit is showing

You don't need to be smart to predict that...at some point after a housing market disaster caused by Bush43 you need to start building again
Let's see those taxes, comrade who is predicted to go to jail.
Remember Trump Mortgage? Predictor LOL! BILLION DOLLAR LOSS.
except in real life and no lie zone it isn't true
Smart
Faux news!
@POTUS also drives on golf greens, flies to FLA frequently, and makes a profit off of his taxpayer funded leisurely activities . . .
Howard Stern is the King of all Media, and @realDonaldTrump is the King of All Real Estate!
We all predicted that. When it hit Rick bottom of course it was going to go up. It happened in Obamas watch.

You all are delusional.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Sad that you retweet only state-sponsored Fox. Your fragile ego can't handle criticism now, can it?
I predicted that today would be 6/23/17 back in 2012. Where's my tweet, Fox?
You spelt predator wrong.
This post is  a lie -  Trump and Faux Noise have so much in common.. All lies all the time!
Riding on his predecessors coattails & claimimg the results as his own is something Trump does well. He has no accomplishments of his own.
Didn't Trump enter the mortgage in 2006?  What a financial genius.
Maybe his next prediction will be the time of the summer solstice.
You are right again! WHEN ARE SOME DISSIDENTS GOING TO SEE YOU ARE A LEADER?
Housing was already on the upswing by 2012!  The only thing left to clear up was bank-owned inventory that hadn't been sold.  Get REAL!
Realtors believe in two things. 1. It's a buyers market. 2. It's a sellers market.
@foxandfriends you miss spelled "predictor" its spelled "dictator".
You are doing a great job keep it up
Housing market down...stop lying to people to make Assclown Von Fuckstick look good.
HaHaHa! What will we do for laughs when you are impeached, convicted and sent to Leavenworth?! I just don't know where I will find the joy.
i wonder who was the POTUS then...
Trump is a traitor. Fox supports this lying con man. That makes faux news traitors as well.
Any comments from POTUS re: the job losses at Ford, Boeing & Carrier? All places he bragged about as his successes. Broken promises & LIES!
Annnnndddd the TRUTH.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  FOX FAKE NEWS! Your  network is literally controlled by Trump! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpLies
I wonder how much farther up donald trump's ass fox could fit their heads. 
So did I. As well as about 87 people I know. So what?
This is hilarious. Anyone with high school economics could have made this "genius" prediction. The bar has been set so low for this idiot 
Yeah after Obama saved the Banks
Yeah. And now Trumppy has hired their CEOs because they are so Smart and RICH.  Keep giving them our tax dollars. DRAIN THE SWAMP! He LIED
And that credit for that upswing goes to @BarackObama. Meanwhile, PRESENT-DAY @realDonaldTrump can't keep track of his lies, NVM #reality. 
babble enuf and yer bound to get something right
lol if you wait long enough everything swings. That's not prediction that's life. Ooh prescient was he? #conman has you #conned again.
HILARIOUS! Can always count on y'all for a good laugh!  @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
Yup, someday there's gonna be, yuk yuck yuck, a Housing upswing.......oh I'm so smart
Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Tsar!  Putin put you where you are!
Fake news. 
MORE bullshit LIES.
With respect Mr #Trump even a broken clock is right twice a day. Also past performance is not an indication of future value.
Do you mean Donald was not responsible for the upswing? That is 1st positive happening that Donald does not take credit for.
Wow. I knew he was a witch.
... the same stupid Americans, that he throws under the bus with his   "health"-care-bill .. and they are still blind groupies of the LIAR.
He had not lied to us yet
@ZakZales IS A NICE RUSSIAN BOT. EVERYONE REPORT & BLOCK.
 you #POTUS
Your bots are doing a great job of making you Twitter more positive. Stroking the ego a bit.. pathetic
Because one really goes out on a limb saying housing prices will rise someday when they are low.
oh god they think he is a prophet now, u think christians would be calling this blasphemy, nope, trump is god, trump can do no wrong, sic!
Who didn't predict this?  
Here's a prediction: Pumpkin sales will recover and be at a year high in October.  #FinancialGenius
I doubt it because the coal regulations he overturned will poison the crops
You mean POTUS the dictator? Housing was ALWAYS going to get better. It was just a matter of time. Trump had nothing to do with it.
lol. Even amateurs predicted this upswing. But in Donald's deluded mind, he alone called it. In his febrile imagination he's a total genius.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @WARNING: IT'S NOT STRANGE TO ME THAT THE MOVIE INDUSTRY MADE THE MOVIE  " INDEPENDENCE DAY ".
Btw, its called econ indicators, mkt trends, +  patterns. Real estate is his biz, lets hope he can at least talk about that. It's not ESP.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews that's weird I misread that as 'POTUS the predator' and it made complete sense!
More like @POTUS the predator.. #TraitorTrump #ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump because obama policies were working & the rest of world (look north) was setting trend. Econs called it 1st
The only subject you know.  Start listening to other experts on subjects that you do not know about, everything else
First you didn't predict this. Real economists did. But if you must believe it to soothe your fragile ego, then you are in the wrong job.

And yet you built Trump Soho and it was a disaster.
So Sad that you have to go back 5 years to dredge up ONE prognostication. Is there nothing more recent? How many times has Donny been WRONG?
No great feat. Any object will bounce at least a little bit after it hits the floor.
Everything goes up and down. That's the Way. Countless people predicted the same.
Let's which allo see I predict the sun will come out tomorrow! Give me a break. If that is the case then he saw the GREAT economy by OBAMA!
Can you predict going to prison? I can.
It's unbelievable how this man talks so much shit
Did he predict Russian support in our election?
Was he also a predictor of bad economic policies and terrible ethics in the White House?
You mean when Obama was our POTUS someone was already making America great again?
Another lie what is wrong with you and all these lie just stop it, can u stop telling lies is it a sickness, SAD your to old to lie so much
So fucking what ...real estate and politics  make strange bedfellows
Suffering 4 8 miserable yrs, tnx 2 @BarackObama, our listed BEAUTIFUL 10 acres just sat.Now, under @POTUS? Our hope? Will FINALLY sell.
Sad and comical again from Fox and Trump ??Predictable propaganda from the trump team
You definitely put the 'dick' in predictor.
Oh for the love of God you have got to be kidding.....pause for consideration of the source
