Please resign.
No administration has done more in less than a year to harm the American people than the Trump administration.
This is a technicality though. Bush didn't lie us into Iraq right away.
Bowel movement?

First trip to the toilet without a diaper
First 8 months to divide the country:
First term to embolden white nationalists.
Please explain in detail how he has "emboldened white nationalist".
Done more what? Damage & destruction? Hopefully, Mr. Mueller will hurry up & evict you from office since the @GOP Congress is brain dead.
First what? First failed attempt in the first year of your presidency?
lie
...actions shut down by the Supreme Court and the Senate.
You have done NOTHING but tear this country apart with your lies and self-loving!  Won't be long now Donny - Mueller looms ahead!
Yeah right!
Moronic narcissist!


Deep from the Heart | One America Appeal https://www.pscp.tv/w/bLqB0TFlUkt4RGFPR21WS3d8MXlOeGFWb1ZkTlZLahRaNgDQ78DDnjbL67Tbl3ivXMHq4jRdM0LHRUpPqf9S …
I know doing things that other people want is important BUT LOOK HOW GREAT I AM! COVFEFE
You're kidding right?
It's been a catalogue of failures & unmitigated disasters. You have achieved basically nothing but setbacks for the US
We didn’t mean tax cuts for you’re billionaire friends
I would so love to shove a boot in the haters ass. Here
Prez,  Trump you have tried hard to accomplish for the American people ur promises
YOU are delusional!
#EachDayIsAVictoryWhen @realDonaldTrump is our POTUS! Still not sick of winning! Greatest President of all time!
I used to respect you. What a fool I was.
This isn't Kelly
You had Russia on your side. You’re a traitor who cheated his way to be president & now you’re trying to deflect. Resign or be impeached
Do you realize that the evidence is pointing to Hillary having been the one on Russia's payroll?
Proof?? No. Thought not.
Just look up the Uranium One scandal. Pretty cut and dry, there.
Blah blah blah blah blah.
HAHAHAHA, he thinks he's doing a GOOD job! Oh my god. The emperor has no clothes.
What have you done? Besides make enemies home and abroad?
Key word here is "perhaps"- as there is not basis for such an erroneous claim.
Perhaps not.
Can't wait for tax cuts!!! Middle class forgotten no more!!
Donald Trump, greatest President ever!
Thank you Mr President 
Bot!
What horseshit.  Like that twitter  promise in summer of 2016 to support LGBTQ rights?  Yeah he kept that one alright 
The fact that you asked that question tells me that you wouldn't agree or understand my answer.
I will prove my point: tell me your thoughts on the effect of Trump's attempted ban of transgender in the military? #LGBTQ #TheResistance

So true
I think the William Henry Harrison administration did more.
I’m sure your’s is not the best. So speak with a Presidential Historian and for G-D’s sake read a book.  Learn something.
Look at our DJI! Amazing your Presidency has caused a great shift in the market! Congratulations America!
Just reminding your sorry ass what's really important to Americans right now.
I agree getting you out of the White House will be the best thing for America. You so suck at being president and a man resign
Liar.
Block me
Don’t think he reads your tweets
His retweets show us that does scroll the comments from time to time

About a month ago he thanked a bot (seriously)
Well, hell I wouldn’t read it.  He gets more hate than anyone I have ever seen
Ikr! Can't be good for him, though neither is all the news he watches that trigger his tweets
Let’s say he’s really sincere and wants the best 4 USA... it must really be sadd 2 be treated like dog shit everyday across the board. Q
Hint #1. Signing executive orders to begin your term is not governing. 
Hint #2. If you actually do anything but golf, news will report it.
Fantastic!
No administration has done more?? Truth is every administration has done more! Does your phone deliver electrical shock if you tweet truth?
So Keith what solutions can he offer you? He is what We have to work with. And makes himself accessible on Twitter. #solutions #Focus
he could start by being honest...is that too much to ask from our fucking President???
I like that idea. Might shake up Government Hollywood and business if Power came from integrity and ethics. #Dreambig #solutions #Hope
Hollywood and business? Deflection from fact that Trump has raised dishonesty to new high & is a clinically insane narcissist. #NoHope
Sorry I was a narcissist when I envisioned him back in 2003. I do tell him on Twitter when I think he is being Narcissistic. #solutions
RU really so foolish to believe he's "accessible on Twitter"? That would imply Twitter is a 2 way tool for him. He listens to no one.
His incessant self glorification is nauseating. 
GOO HAWKS....I am Canadian and Love America...but damn how the hell Is he a President of the United States?LOL
I’m still asking myself that question.
Hopefully not for long.
GOOO HAWKS....Giants are goin' down
Yeah you shouldn't worry about a thing. Healthcare is a human right when youre in prison. You & your greedy, traitorous  family will  be ok
Twice tkrndbmy Guy
Non gun control please it doesn't work
To anyone that is looking for someone to talk to but unsure of where or h
Keep up the hard work
WTF are you even doing besides bragging about yourself??????
clamming?
Ok Mr. President, I have received no raise from my employer and I am down 10's of thousands of dollars in my retirement which I have worked on for 30'plus years. I need that money to live on. Where's the money??
You need to stop tweeting and fix America and make her great again.
Literally every administration has done more
No administration has done less than the #WorstPresidentEver
Health is more important than tax reform! You promised better & cheaper healthcare.
Oh my god just stop fucking lieing
YEP and exactly!
Oh donald, youre such a dodo
Wow.  Looks like the delusions and voices are back.  Up your meds.
Maybe that will go to extra websites for us #NetNeutraility @realDonaldTrump
Complete bs.
This is evidence that you need a capacity hearing....FAST!!
Well, you have played more golf and hired more attorneys, how is the pussy grabbing coming along?
Yeah right. You've done nothing but fix what's not broke getting us closer to WW3.  Oh and tweet.
Hahahaha

Yes, but still will not be able to take my wife of 28 years on a honeymoon
Stealing from the poor and giving to the rich is hard work
Delusional
We r no fools. Your “cuts” hurt the low income and only help the rich. Totally shameful.

They are coming for you. R's take $500 billion fr Medicare + $1 trillion fr Medicaid, give $$ to rich & blow up deficit. #SaveMedicare #TW 
#LiarLiarPantsOnFire #FakePresident #NotMyPresident #PutinsPuppet #RussiaGate #RiggedElection #ImpeachTrumpNow #Prison4AllTrumps #Collusion
#lyingDonald
Grammar
"Undoing" isn't doing anything at all you jack-off
Man has no shame.
Obama
Surely u don't believe those words that you just used. I know they're good words but I don't think they particularly describe your success.
RELEASE YOUR TAXES IF YOU WANT US TO TAKE YOU SERIOUSLY ABOUT TAX REFORM. IF YOU'RE NOT HIDING SOMETHING THEN RELEASE YOUR TAXES NOW!!!!
#NoAdminHasDone more nothing than the Trump Admin ...
Dems have wasted more time in the last 80 years stringing along "victims" only to divide the country and make Dem poli richer...same victims
You spelled “gut” wrong.
Oh please...what has this administration done? Tried of winning yet? Lol
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/20/us/politics/us-budget-deficit.html …
...term to destroy the reputation of the United States and the Office of President?  Yes, I would agree with that. #WorstPresidentEver
It's astonishing that a 71 y.o man doesn't understand that his boastful words have the opposite effect he hopes to acheive.  We laugh @ u.
is there ever a time you don't need self glorification? God bless Melania.
@realDonaldTrump Perhaps you know nothing about American history?  Be real with yourself; you are by far the worst POTUS ever.
Most of your Administration accomplishments have resulted in negative impact on our country's safety, health care, divisiveness, etc.
http://dz4link.com/q8ulVx7X  ..
Please take you and your LIES to another country! You're such an embarrassment to The United States of America! You're NOT our President!
OMG....
Build the wall repeal the health-care get taxes done before the end of the year
And his insanity continues.
You are correct "no administration has done more in its first".1 thing has been omitted. Add:
"No administration has done more to "HARM THE REPUTATION AND IMAGE OF THE U.S. THAT THE WORLD HAS OF THE U.S. AND THE WELL BEING OF THE AVERAGE U.S. CITIZEN." You are a disgrace.
All you haters try living in another country? See how fast you come crawling on your knees
Hahahahahashahaha.. the tax bill for your rich and powerful friends is the ONLY thing you've passed!!
You created a tax cut plan for the wealthy, not the middle class. In fact you increased taxes for the poorest income bracket. POS
Why Trump don't come up with his taxes!
B/S “DONKEY”
Your tax plan was going to be $ by gutting Medicare in your first healthcare plan. With no healthcare plan you have no tax plan.

Praising yourself is pretty damn shitty, maybe time to validate yourself.

That means he's played golf roughly once every 4 days of his presidency. Think about that. It's insane. I even rounded the #'s in his favor https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/922184033177653248 …
@Patrick in the name of Jesus pls go away & take ur ignorant, brainwashed comments w/ u.

8 But thou, O Lord, shalt laugh at them; thou shalt have all the heathen in derision.

9 Because of his strength will I wait upon thee: for God is my defence.…
You have done nothing!
U are right, no admin has done more in it's first.. to destroy America, to hurt the mid&low class with tax inc. Cuts R for U & your friends.

You did not cheer me when I woke up this morning. Treason.
Just give us politician care under the 18 amendment of the United States
Whatever happened with your first order of business regarding health care? Oh right, you failed. Like you've done@in business. Fail. LOSER
http://bit.ly/2yD2dLj 
Reducing taxes on wealthy and corporations DOES not trickle down to working class.
Govt touches Medicare then it's STEALING! It's OUR MONEY AFTER WORKING A LIFETIME. We Will Stop You
*IT'S ILLEGAL TO TOUCH* #IMPEACHTrumpNOW
No admin has done more Lying to its people. #LyingFakePOTUS
MAKE HOMESCHOOL EXPENSES TAX DEDUCTIBLE @realDonaldTrump Help the people provide superior education to our future leaders!
Kick Trump out of the US and revoke his citizenship
You're doing great!
Trickle down effect
You just don't get it. You have left Health care up to a bunch of people who don't universal care. What on Earth did you expect to happen.
Another big thing to look at is Stopping Geoengineering..its killing us all..poisoning the Earth killing Trees and Animals ..please make stopping the chem trails a priority
Idiot
You are delusional again
We need New York your state on board- include state tax deductions in your bill
Obama, Obama. did FBI threaten Obama to keep his face hole close??? hmmmmm???? and Bush, and the rest of those previous presi-followers.. hmmmmm. ???
Affordable healthcare for self employed Americans should have been your first.
Please do something about these guns so random people can just stop killing other random people it's enough of this
By opening your heart you will be surprised at what might happen
#MAGA.
don't get me wrong no one wants the handmaid tale character in office but the sheeple won't be distracted either. Lol.
Idiot
Hahahaha
“Perhaps” lolololololololol.
Mr Trump, as far as the Obama mom affordable, you may want benefit specialist from around the country to work on this plan. They read them.
Where are you getting your facts? FAKE WH!!
Speaking of taxes, when can we expect to see your personal
and corporate tax returns?
What can we do to get a push for titer tests prior to vaccination boosters once we get back to healthcare? Checking immunity 1st lower risks
Good deal hope we can afford it
Liar.
Yep

LOL...YOU NEED A NEW LIE
Same old shit. It didn't work in the past and won't work now. Yeah, for you and your wealthy buddies.
U haven't done a single fucking thing, but sign executive orders 3x the amount u criticized an entire presidency for, in ur first 10 mo.
Where are Lyin' Don's tax returns?  What's in the tax package for him??  Answer:  Lots and lots.
This is the land of the free...why are we unlawfully penalty taxed for not having insurance. It's simple, let people get it if they want it.

Person #1 gets $100,000

Persons #2-25 get jack shit…
So Manafort and Gates are the first Perps...looking for your distractions soon...
https://www.needtoimpeach.com  already passed 1million!!
Please resign before Mueller puts y ok u on the stand.

liar and fake
Listen up people. We need a 10 million citizen march w/plastic pitchforks 2 take back the America we knew&loved from the fascists. 7-4-2018
I love it Trump is fixing are country and getting rid of all the the frauds that have been screwing our government and us for years and I love how Fox Media is the only one who covers the Iranian deal and no one else wants to touch it
Only in ur world. Everything ur bragging about isn't because of u.
3/3win in landslides! When they win in landslides, what will the MSM and Republican swamp say then? Nothing they can say! Build "your" Party
#NUMBNUTS
First Pres to be called a moron by his own Sec of State. At least you got that going for ya...
Poor and middle class matter
Thank you MR president for sticking up for us  Americans
. Tax cuts to 1% will add $1.1.4trillion to deficit. So seriously what is actialnplsn to benefit mid & working classes to stin econ?
LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!
More for you and the rich. Taking away so much for average and poor Americans
Fact-check needed here...
A Reliable source says you were born in Germany. Show Your Birth Certificate! We the AMERICANS need to Know!
More lying maybe.  But nothing of substance.  You are slowly ruining this country and making people ashamed to call themselves American.
Bull shit!!!!
What have you accomplished other than executive orders?  No legislation has passed yet....
