......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! 
#PRStrong
OMG PLEASE take over their gov., they're all corrupt and waste OUR TAXPAYER $$, its NOTHING but a welfare state island, make em pay taxes
Shut up and get back to golf game you fool.
How's your house in the Virgin Islands? Gonna stop and survey the damage next week?
Working together by insulting the mayor of SJ, dragging your feet on waiving the Jones Act and/or playing golf?
Everything with U is fake news, obstructionist Dems, NFL being disrepectful & now Puerto Rico is 2 unAmerican & lazy 2 help itself - smh
IMPEACH TRUMP 2018 !!! #impeachTrumpnow #DotardDon #25thAmendmentNow #LockHimUp #ResistTrump #MuellerIsComing
Does this include ripping the San Juan Mayor?

Love u sir
@ricardorossello is working hard at kissing UR ass, if not 4 @CarmenYulinCruz more help would not be on the way. General Buchanan is a start
Get to work!

Stop your fucking.....tweeting.....you act like a little boy. .I voted for you....your a disappointment
Actually Obama could tweet daily too.....but he had more important things to do.   Like doing his job.  How does Trump being able to
Individuals like yourself that will unfortunately will have problems with it.  No health care plan is going to work for every single person.  Regardless if it's Obama Care or something Trump passes
So one individual outweighs all the people benefiting from Obama Care?   Until there is another Health Care Plan repealing Obama Care doesn't sense.   It's not my fault that after 7 years of b*tching and whining no one thought to come up with a replacement to Obama Care.
U waited too long, now more people are DYING! U should RESIGN NOW!
Hmm interesting, maybe you dopes should do some actual research!

Check out @nia4_trump's Tweet: https://twitter.com/nia4_trump/status/914179603215917056?s=09 …
Except the ways which really matter...
This National Guardsman still awaiting deployment from YOU
President of the United States tweets out that people of Puerto Rico are lazy bums that can't help themselves!....
This is a day that will live in infamy, as the day V United States president attacked his own people! # impeach Donald Trump
Stop tweeting and start doing your job!
Why so slow?
We've got your back...Mayor of PR is ignorant..ignorance is a choice
STOP TWEETING
*accept 
I’m not insulted by being called a moonbat
I can’t relax bc Putin installed an inept corrupt bumblefuck 
Trumpanzees are stoopid
Yet, you can't stop dissin the Mayor. What is wrong with you?
Mayor of San Juan a total embarrassment. Glad Puerto Rico getting the help they need.
YOU'RE NOT DOING ENOUGH!!! AND BY THE WAY NEITHER IS THE GOP CONGRESS. WHERE ARE THEY? YOU MOTIVES ARE PREJUDICIAL.
Your administration is the worst ever. How many have resigned? Been fired?  Laughing stock of the world. Resign
While you're golfing.
You have been called out for your callous and stupid tweets, thank God, others are there to help, because you are useless
You're failing miserably as a president. Obama was better.
Ghost writer.
So he hasn’t resigned yet!
Okay so now you're tweeting each hour about Puerto Rico ?!?  #becauseobamadid
We know. Not buying Fake news
You're a joke.

The Mayor of San Juan is wading through sewage, searching for people with a bullhorn while @realDonaldTrump insults her on twitter. 
Resign. You’re an embarrassment to this country.
Deluded, that's what you are.
But only after you finish your round of golf, right?
You need to do more. Huge humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico which you are minimizing!
Go Trump !!!!!!
I agree, please go
Stu, We the American people mean way to go Trump! We want him in 2020 as our beloved President again.
Nothing Trump can say or do is too stupid or too vulgar for some people. #ImpeachTheSOB 
MAGA in 2020 with President Trump! Much joy from Florida..USA!
Ha ha ha.
#Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign
NEVER
Every way but the way that works. Every way but the way that cares. Every way but the way they need. Every way but the American way.
Trump sent this tweet just ONE day after the Louisiana floods. He spent 7 days after Maria tweeting about football & is now golfing.
Trump sent this tweet just 4 days after Sandy devastated the towns he owns property in. It's not been 10 days since Maria. #NoExcuse
THIS is the mayor Trump is attacking from his golf course. The governor is afraid Trump won't provide ANY aid if he criticizes the response
It took Trump over a week to even ACKNOWLEDGE Puerto Rico & when he did, he blamed them for their debt which HE contributed $33 MILLION to.
Hello William
Let's talk about results. Still a disaster area! If this was NYC it would've been addressed. 911 took less time! What's your problem? Race?
Ha! Thanks for the laugh!
It’s just like those after Katrina, a family sitting on their collapsd home months later “nobody came to rebuild my house” they were crying.
All the food, water and medicine is rotting in containers because they can’t get off their lazy asses  and go to it.


They have feet and trucks and virgin islands is just as bad. Stop the excuses, what will you do to survive...? Grow up

Omg, troops and equipment? Are you for real? 
Do you seriously think like that? Very sad.

Ship in lots of meals and drink like Cokes. Pay people to deliver them in cars and have people pay for them. Puerto Ricans still have money.
imagine money is tight since no electricity creating problems banking + no homes/businesses. Need contributions>> clothes, food and water.
I assume banks have generators, ATMs work. We could sell emergency food and pay local people to distribute it, allowing us to do more for PR
I am a newspaper deliverer. Every night a bunch of us poor local people distribute lots of newspapers from our own cars: same concept.
Military etc is hard at work and not charging the people that need assistance.
You show that you care too much about money. The point is if you charge for food you can pay more people to deliver it to the hungry people.
You don't seem to understand they need help. Money is almost non existent for most of the people that need help!
I doubt it. Nobody tells the truth about how much money they have. If we charge local people and we pay local people to help more gets done.
Their mayor needs to be fired.  She should be getting people to deliver the supplies that she has receivedShe is only trying to place blame
Fire.Sessions
Who knew that one day we would have a delusion president running this country??...
No you are not!! You throw stuff to the victims in PR but not FL and TX. You blame us for messing the budget?? Disgraceful
The politics in PR is brutal san Juan's mayor is a hack   she's looking for attention she knows how difficult the situation is liberal!!
as long as it doesn't keep you from your country club.
#TrumpsKatrina
General who oversaw Katrina response hits Trump: I hope he has a good day of golf http://hill.cm/T23ZGwv  
Just do it and stop talking too much
I've seen @ricardorossello give press briefings. I've seen San Juan Mayor wading through flood waters physically helping save people.
About time... You were to busy with the NFL stupidity you created

The only holdout in helping is Ka Trina Trump! Did you show proof of your hurricane relief donation yet????
Speaking of #FakeNews, "Ricky" doesn't even live in Puerto Rico anymore, he lives in DC 
You spent all day yesterday golfing, liar.#Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign #Resign
11 days later
Thanks Mr President
...in every way but the right way
Everyone gets your number .. praise you so they don’t get attacked. 3 rd gr teacher... teach students to never go low.. line u
#Support_Kurdistan
THE WAY I HEAR IT YOUR THE ONE LACKING. YOU JUST LIE ABOUT EVERYTHING.  MR. INCOMPETENT.
Thanks @realDonaldTrump

Why cant you be more like this company. They helped right after the hurricane, n got to countries surrounded by "big water" quickly.
The government there don't provide jobs Can you help the people with that please ? The Liberals there are a problem please help Chief
Somehow and perhaps just a liar he's lying all about Puerto Rico he's a racist
Okay okay...
If that's true than you just suck at your job. Flat out. End of story. Not that anyone doubted your ability to be the worst PTOUS ever.
And what about the us navy!
Did you delay help for 8 days because they are people of color? Your bigotry and racism are showing like a blinding light! SAD
halo
All the Best @realDonaldTrump . Praying for you.

your administration is a flaming bag of dog crap leaking tax dollars into your own pockets.

TRUMP SUCKS RUSSIA TRUMP SUCKS RUSSIA TRUMP SUCKS RUSSIA TRUMP SUCKS RUSSIA TRUMP SUCKS RUSSIA TRUMP SUCKS RUSSIA TRUMP SUCKS RUSSIA TRUMP
#goodspirit
Why is it you're still breathing while the people of Puerto Rico suffer??
EMERGENCY PLAN OF ACTION: has anybody asked where the mayors EMERGENCY PLAN OF ACTION IS sounds like MALFEASANCE IN OFFICE to me.   MAGA
More than enough help to puerto rica. Not our problem.
I like your  speech
While riding a cart across the golf track... Fake news may be fake to you but when pictures are shown? What's that? Photoshop?
"The goal is one: saving lives," Mayor Cruz said. "This is the time to show our 'true colors.' We cannot be distracted by anything else."
You should have sent the 3 star Gen sooner. And many helicopters to find isolated people.
Liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar #liarinchief
God you people screech and scream and cry and pull your hair like whiny toddlers, get over yourself, Hillary lost
Doing great job
NO YOURE GOLFING!
I once asked someone to look after Puerto Rico, as long as it doesn’t cost too much.  Fore!

All fixed.
Many seem not to deserve that help Mr POTUS
Thy need our help as quickly as we helped the others who went through other disasters ! SPEED IT UP!!
#EvilEvilMan
Just do what ur doing Mr pres.. love ya maaaannnnn
dotard fuck
#WTF TOOK SO LONG ? WHAT IS YOUR #GamePlan ? HOW MUCH #PERSONAL & #GOVERNMENTAL #FUNDS ARE YOU #Investing IN #PuertoRico ? #Resist ! ?#MAGA?
Get off the golf course and get your ass down there
There it is again. You don't get it. Too much "Me, My".  #publicservice ain't about you.
Sit Trump,  you are a great President and I know you are doing your best. Ignore the ignorant is my only advise Sir!
And it took you so long why?
@realDonaldTrump rural areas R desperate. They can't get out & supplies can't get in. Pls send helicopters or something 2 get them out. Thx!

You're such a profound person
We know that you're Mr. President. Those who want to smear you & your name know. Their aim, division+chaos= economic collapse. Keep Praying!
@POTUS @ricardorossello 
HELP TO BON COMMUNIST GOVERNMENTE OF BRAZIL
ZZZZZZZZZ
WE KNOW YOU ARE WHO CARES WHAT THE FAKE MEDIA SAYS! CNN, LIES AND OPINIONS WRAPPED UP AS NEWS! TOTAL WITCH HUNT THE MEDIA IS LIBERAL NOT OAN
Donald, Donald ... Yes Papa? ... eating Sugar? ... no Papa! ... telling lies? ... no Papa ... open your mouth ... HAHAHA
You are 2 weeks too late.  Thousands dead because of you.  Good luck white washing that
Many days later. I see that golf trip was more important.
And the snowflakes are still crying with fake news and non factual stats. Here is a fact kiddies.
What a F...ing "Hypocrit in Chief" golfing when Porto Rico needs leadership,& after critisizing Obama golfing.Sickening!
GO MOORE DITCH MITCH the Dem BITCH
We know you are @POTUS we don't believe a damn word that comes out of the mouth of media. US doing all they can & you have done a great job!
I'm a Canadian, and I appreciate you.
A president who think everything he does is perfect and all the mistakes are made but anybody else is called #FakePresident
Luckily they have no power or communication to let the truth come out
Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller Mueller 

#Mueller
Great job, Ricky.
Liar!

Did Trump really botch the Puerto Rico crisis? This ex-Navy captain says no.
https://medium.com/@JackPosobiec/oops-san-juan-mayor-bashed-puerto-rico-local-govt-as-a-farce-of-trickery-at-un-in-2016-2fc1b30872da … #PuertoRicoRelief
No, you are golfing for the 86th time
Baby formula needed, sir in Texas also. Puerto Rico needs water, plumbing not working most likely either.
Look at the numbers of troops you set in comparison to TX/FL actions speak louder than words your lies are in the numbers,Tee time on our $
Mayor of San Juan should be removed from office immediately.
Liar in chief
This explains a lot: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_voting_rights_in_Puerto_Rico …
Concern seems to be why it took so long
so many confused people dont have patients and believe they know everything, wrongness is confusion. Go Trump 
keep up the great work DT! Maga
Babe its over 9 days. You should have been on this since day one. No leader in the White House
All of these leftist retadrs only know what CNN tells them. 
They have no idea. Help is there and things are happening.
Don't worry Me President. We the loyal American people know that you're busting your ass to help the PR people..God Bless you !!
Fake news is just news you don't like unless it paints you in a good light. You think your followers are too stupid to know better. Sad.
Дональд, ты Трамп что ли?
Oh he's the one you have in your pocket right?
So basically everyone but you....
Bullshit, comrade

Just not you
Bla bla
Pants on fire !!!!
Well look at you being all presidential for once!
While you're playing golf #nice
Thank you Mr. President

No you’re not.

Say her name
F-ing hard to believe we are still on  this conversatio???  wasn’t this 2 weeks ago? Apparently you can’t make Puerto Rico happy?
Thanks
Yuck. You make me ill. Resign.
That's a lie.
You do realize they have no power so they're getting no news
Jealousy is for the weak...like you
More lies!!  
