My wife has stage 4 cancer. #ACA is letting her get treatment. #TrumpCare will take that away.
That is another liberal lie! When you gonna wake up fools
I know my wife is getting cancer treatment. I've read the CBO report. I see no lie other than the GOP and trump. Stop watching fox.
Not true, read it again
Which part? Pretty sure I'm solid. What in particular is a lie?
Trumpcare is no health insurance for hard working Americans. Trumpcare is just a tax break for the richest Americans.Warren Buffett says no!
Trumpcare failed
I'm willing to bet as a fact that More People #DIE each day WITH #Healthcare Insurance than without! May we please see the numbers? #MAGA
How much are you willing to bet?  I am amazed at the ignorant statements I keep reading because you cannot defend this bill. Facts are facts
Not trying to defend the bill, it's in committee and not final! When it's Final let's talk about it! I am so far from IGNORANT! No Facts yet
23 million less insured. 64 yr old 58k income pays 6800 now will pay 20500 for same coverage under Senate Bill.
https://www.usnews.com/opinion/policy-dose/articles/2017-04-27/republicans-are-breaking-6-health-care-promises-in-trumpcare-20 … #CBOSCORE
Can't bring myself to listen to the bass-ackwards propaganda.
Republicans have had 3 chances to produce a health care bill that DOESN'T rip care away from millions. So far, they're 0 for 3. #CBOScore 
Most the country sees through this and know it's all about #wealthcare. https://twitter.com/InequalityMedia/status/878347176434216961 … #CBOSCORE #SaveACA
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would be a huge redistribution of wealth from the working class to the rich. 
Cbo said the ssme about obamacare.
It did?  Not in the report that I read
The CBO's forecasts for Obamacare did prove inaccurate as well as that on several occasions the agency revised it's initial projections.
Down from 25 million to 23 million MORE covered?  Ok so 20 million NOT 22 million will LOSE coverage.  Feel better?
Also the mistake with Obamacare was on how people would obtain coverage, not on how many people would be covered. With Trump care it is zero
I can not wait for this bill to pass so everyone will finally see what a fraud you are.
$4100 out of pocket so far this year (not including Premiums) THANKS #OBAMA
Because you stacked the decks to make it so. YOU are failing the American people and YOU should be ashamed of yourselves.
we don't even know what's in this new healthcare bill. All we know is that 23 million of us are about to lose Health Care
Millions already have dummy we can't afford it
If you feel that way, fine. What are you doing to improve the current system. I mean, a plan that isn't, in your words, "mean"?
The republicans ambushing it for the last 8 years is the couse for failures. The GOP has failed the American People not the ACA..
Don't privatize health insurance.  Profits before people does not work in that case.  Medicare for all is the answer.
YOU HAVE FAILED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
TRUMP gets up there and LIES his ass off and Trump voters eat it up like candy. People wake up, he is nothing but a LIAR.
You failed America by not fixing the problems with AHCA.
Obamacare has not failed, Trumpcare is big time, stop the lies
We know!
ACA IS failing only because u and Republican leaders r making it fail by not funding it.
maybe not  a lot of people appreciate it
I hate our health care system and your plans makes it worse
Fuck the traitors in the WH. Fuck the complicit enablers in the House and Senate. Fuck the people who want 23M to live in fear and misery.
Also, STOP talking about what the ACA didn't do and START talking about what you plan to do. Not, "I'm gonna do something". Details.
FFS Republicans are choosing to make it fail 
Not buying what you are selling
Great, let's go to the single payer system then 
Why are we still talking about Obama care.   That started a long time ago
Gleefully manipulating mrkts so they back out , deliberately sabotaging the ACA , and salivating at the thought of Americans suffering. #GOP
Obama wanted to be king,Even China was disgusted with him.
The CBO's BCRA damage report is stunning

22 million more to be uninsured by 2026

15 million...NEXT YEAR

#CBOscore
When has the CBO been right about anything. It's not taking into account that there are ppl who hate it and won't keep it bc they don't want
And if young healthy people drop insurance, premiums rise for older (50+) and pre-existing. Has to be balanced. Young think they're immortal
There was no mandate pre ACA and healthcare was better then.  It's also unconstitutional.HC is not mentioned in the constitution meaning
Under Trumpcare, spouse will risk losing insurance and caps will be legal again. First round of cancer cost 1/2 million dollars.
1) Trumpcare will strip healthcare away from million of the most vulnerable such a vets, children, and the elderly.  ALL insurance
2) including programs provided by employers will have the options NOT to cover pre-existing.  High risk will be placed in a pool which most
will die before receiving proper care.  Elderly will spend more than half of their yearly income on premiums alone. Pregnancy is not covered
4) basic care is not covered.  Medicaid, which lowest income children depend on, will be stripped.  Congress is not subjected to these
I'm trying to understand this. Will this threaten Medicaid and Medicare?
I do know a few people who cannot afford Obamacare with the new increases.
I know a bunch of people that lost plans, doctors & coverage forced to ^$cost & ^$deductible w/less benefits. Obamacare ruined US healthcare
GOP pulled strings to force healthcare companies to pull out. It was a plan. Then they could push their plan for BIG TAX CUTS-blame DEMS
@realDonaldTrump refusing 2 fund it caused this, only a complete moron would cut funding 2 it & blame everyone else that's @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump has failed to be Presidential. #POTUS has failed Americans by using EO to ensure death of #ACA by axing necessary mandates.
I say put all of congress on the same plan that is outlined for the rest of us. We'll then see a fair plan passed.
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @TeamTrump Folks the plan has always been 2implement a single payer system. Gov wins we die, get it
RT @WhiteHouse: #Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has ...
TRUMP FAILD AS A PRESIDENT THE FIRST DAY!!!  Can we call for an emergency incompetent vote to get rid of the bumbling idiot now
You have it all wrong, the whole Republican institute in Washington D.C., worked to make it fail by setting high co-pays and deductibles.
It's the best healthcare in our history. We need to work toward single payer. That would fix the VA problem.
The VA disaster IS a perfect example of what's Wrong with Single Payer!
Single payer would use the medical system we already have in place, not a separate one for vets. VA failed because wars overburdened it.
Wrong. Get your facts straight. Let people die because you want to insure fewer people.
Just start your account? Seeing a lot of that lately. Dumbocrat internet opp?
It's no longer #Obamacare it's now known as #McCainCare what a great legacy @SenJohnMcCain leaves us with
U r a liar,greedy megalomaniac who cares nothing 4 Americans.U care only 4 $$$ and being center of attention
No matter how many times you repackage the message, it's still a lie. The majority of Americans like it, your own dept says it's working.
The #ACA saved millions from huge medical debts & helped millions afford necessary medical care. U are jealous of Obama-greatest President!!
#TreasonousTrump has failed America!

GUILTY of:
#ObstructionOfJustice
#WitnessIntimidation
#Treason
#Racism
#Collusion
#Douchebag behavior
Here is a more detailed list.
Great list! Thanks  #ImpeachTrump
You all lie everyday not even looking at your junk anymore
Soooo obamacare works for you?
What works is that i work and provide for my family and in Maryland many people benefit.
It saved my life, so yeah, I think it works.
With the high deductible no one uses it.
I am a AMERICAN suffering with herniated disc & sciatica nerve. I have NO Medical. Do refugees & illegals have medical? Cannot afford it.
So you have a previous condition and a gap in coverage! This will mean insurance companies can legally refuse you under the new bill!
1/2 This bill provides a tax break to people whose pre-tax income is over 1 million. I'm sorry, but good people like you (and yes, refugees)
We pay for the refugees medical insurance and can't afford any of our own, how ironic..........
How do you figure?
Trump has fail the American people...
I didn't know that the Nazi White House cared about healthcare.
Did you know that there are more important things in the White House than your broken record on a failed Obamacare LIE?
Lies.
This is an absolute lie. Does no one in the WH have any integrity anymore?
Americans are suffering. The #DNC cares nothing about the people, it's time we #Republicans stand tall and vote for the people!!
So....what do you suggest?  You all had 7 years ...should be something great...probably you want it to be a surprise
If trump can't lead, he at least needs to quit trashing everyone around him and our Country. He must govern responsibly.
Wrong! Obamacare guaranteed people with pre-existing conditions got the right to affordable quality health care.Republicans reject that idea
Do you have any idea what a Marxist is? Or you just parroted the word?
Tell me, are you a "Christian ©" also?
@POTUS Obamacare has given insurance to tens of millions, and has a current approval nearly twice of Trumps.
Really. Hasn't given any to me that I could afford or even think of meeting the deductible. I just have to go to Drs pay cash like before OB
It's helped millions, but unfortunately not everyone. It's not perfect, but an incremental improvement.
It's a giant step backwards for medical care in America. Drs see fewer patients because of so much paper work. Nothing was wrong w healthcar
I'm a doctor. My wife is a doctor. All of our friends are doctors. What you are saying is simply not true.
What kind of doctor's?  Are you or are you specialists.  Specialists don't have as much paperwork as GP's.
Instead of the constant Obama bashing-could the @WhiteHouse try some leadership?
GOP rhetoric & threats to not pay subsidies have led to higher costs & companies pulling out of the healthcare market
Not true!! It was very expensive to begin with...subsidies are out because people cannot afford it!!
Obama was a failed president. Thank God for Trump!
Under Senate stealthcare your stuttering will be considered a pre-existing condition. Also cutting services for people with disabilities.
Trump is also cutting funds for adult literacy, but you will still be able to get a low paying job.
Hope you can still afford your prescription meds and therapy if Wealthcare passes.
POTUS has failed the American people
Trump Budget Cuts Veterans’ Disability Benefits to Pay for VA Privatization
This is a false statement
Propaganda
WH defunded ACA & threatened Ins Co's 
To claim ACA was dead
WH really not fooling anyone
Even after you and the GOP sabotaged it, it still exceeded expectations.

I know people on ACA who otherwise would not have been covered. It hasn't failed them! Tax breaks to rich cronies- that's failed US Citizens
Thanks Obama !
#corruption #greed
#LiarInChief
So where's UR solution?  U have WH, senate & house. If U have something better, why can't U persuade your OWN party, oh master of the deal?
@DNC failed the American people.
Only because of Republicans attacking it.
But neither of the alternatives offered yet look any better. Different but not better. :(
It known to be unfinished even when it was approved. If you go partisan on the gop version it will be changed & the dirt will will be on you
@realDonaldTrump and your plan would put millions of people at risk.  Even allowing thousands to die needlessly!
It has helped me!  I am disabled.  What are YOU going to do for the disabled?
Just more lies from a terrible administration.  You have been dismantling Obamacare.  Why would our gov't take insurance from people? Crazy!
#FakeNews #SAD #LIES  #POUTS
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence community Health centers are under utilize. Publichealth MD must be use a PCP by Medicaid to drive cost less
You do not belong in the Whitehouse!!! Get out before the American people oust you!! What a bigot! And racist! Never thought I'd see the day

And Y called Obama care Big Failure as he was never on Our Side & Best Interests! I Remember Moment I Heard You were Running -was So Excited
TRUMPCARE, TRUMPCARE, LET'S GET THE NAME RIGHT. IT IS NOW TRUMPCARE!
I want Obama care to be repelled not fixed.

$13,700 premium hikes for middle class 64 year-olds. https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/879440055479226368 …
Hello
There is no chemical weapon in the white palace called shit nest Syria, the infernal killers can not fool the world.
You re tweeted your own tweet. This is not an investigated fact...oh yeah, you seem to try avoid any "investigation" via tweeted threats.
Just like you and @POTUS are failing the American people with the #AHCA? No, thanks. I'll keep my #Obamacare and a clean bill of health.

Health care services will always increase annually, and we want EVERYTHING covered, not more choices.
How much did you pay for all of your likes Mr. Faker? Who's running your fake twitter account? Mr. Bannon, the fakiest of all fakes?
Fake news dipshits!
Not as badly as you are failing us
#FailedPresident and GOP have done everything to scuttle and prevent ACA's success. WHO are the real #OBSTRUCTIONISTS. #LOSERS.
When the cheap companies decide to cancel employee's health ins. because of new WEALTHCARE plan, are those people included in the 22mil?

a millionaire but he chose not to because he felt it was best to HEAL HUMANITY, not charge it cause it was his JOB to do it.
Yeah sure and what has been proposed is so much better right.  Sure I believe it about as much as I believe the swamp was drained.
So your purposely screwing AMERICANS unless we make over $300K. what happens when you screw taxpayers. I've helped build this country a-hole
55+ are the ones who have paid in for all the years for many who could have worked; now these who paid price cant afford & don't qualify aid
@realDonaldTrump It provided care to millions of Americans,removed caps,removed fear of unaffordable care to old &sick.U do none
@POTUS
"T"'s Rhetoric led to the high costs!  BCRA OF 2017 What a cruel joke on the average American!! @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Just SICK
all news from WH is fake news.
Trumpcare, as it was proposed, will hurt the poor in the pocket and save the rich from their deeper pockets.
@WhiteHouse has traitor in the Oval Office. He walks around in a bathrobe tweeting past midnight. Guantanamo bay is a perfect place for him!
I see people everywhere looking for others to pay their bills. America has become a nation of low IQ thieves. SMH & lamenting the idiocy.
You"people" are hypocritical about everything, aren't you? Those human suits must be getting hot and itchy by now.
But it's all right for 22 MILLION PEOPLE to have NO HEALTH CARE? @donthecon @firethefool @resist @russia
When will we be able to buy health insurance across state lines?
Trump's plan increase uninsured by 22 million saves $321 billion
Trump's increase deficits $541 billion giving the wealthy more tax breaks.
Just #RepealIt. Don't worry about replacing it with more socialist nonsense!
That's because it offered better coverage
Allow individual citizens to select any medical provisions they desire, per the 10th Amendment, approved by FDA & crony big medicine OR NOT.
NAZI TRUMP WANTS YOUR VOTING RECORD FASCIST REPUBLICAN RUN GOVERNMENT!
Would the WH, please, research & tell @TheDemocrats how many Americans will lose healthcare under #Obamacare NEXT YEAR (let alone 10 yrs)!
Let's see what that miscarriage called #TrumpCare does. It's a joke, tax cut for rich at the cost of our lives!
#NoTrumpCare #NoAHCA #NoBCRA
Besides, why bother with this insurance money go round? Free at point of use, tax funded, health care is the only answer.
.@realDonaldTrump - OK, then, SIMPLY FIX IT rather than trying to destroy it or MAKING something WORSE! Democs will help w YOUR ACA repair!
Record # of americans noe have health insurance. Lowest medical bankruptcies in our history.  http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/14/the-rate-of-uninsured-americans-hits-a-record-low-as-obamacares-future-remains-a-question-mark.html … #SaveACA
Weird, b/c seems that the States who chose to work with ACA show HC coverage is much cheaper with better coverage than before ACA.
Here's why my insurer won't insur me in 2018.
So....they are not insuring because they aren't sure if there will BE a market.  5 years of GOP control and deliberate inattention
Not true.
And what do you have except DISGRACE TO OUR COUNTY?

@narendramodi Quo vadis, PM Modi?  PM Modi`s way is not fit n not wrong. My view.
Fake news!
Now you know how working surrounded by hate feels. We want Healthcare. Make it single-payer like we wanted. When all pay our taxes ALL win
It certainly failed me...here in Georgia!
Nope, not according to CBO
Rhetoric! Your policies have contributed to the collapse.  You even stated Trumpcare is mean!
Lies!!
