Obama did it better.
Yes, it must be so hard to hold her head up. I bet with all the money from @GOP tax scam bill she could hire someone to do it for her.
Ivanka,she’s the one you said you would be dating if she wasn’t your daughter, right?  Tell her not to hold her head up too high because you’re all going bye-bye soon! 
Oh poor Ivanka. Boohoo. Her life has been one of hardship and misfortune. Except for silver spoon sticking out of her mouth or out of her "wherever", one would think she was a homeless waif. #TrumpCrimeFamily #STFUDonnie
Speaking of being abused, how’s your assistant, that Portman fellow doing?
So sad she was abused by you. You should be in prison.
She’s a joke for pretending to be a princess. You bring scorn upon her, Trumpy.
Don’t you have a porn star to bone?
The media didn't publicly fondle and lust after her like her father did (does)
Are you serious???? She isn't being abused at all. She needs to stop speaking about things she knows nothing about! You are so far from reality, that it's sickening. Princess Ivanka is being abused, WAHHH! #PrincessIvankaIsAbused
A blessed family, Thank you Mr President
Well - Ivanka has been toughened up by years of abuse by you & you knew it would come in handy, didn’t you  — By the way, It’s the media’s job to expose issues & ask questions —> MEDIA hand baton to DOJ for TRUTH & JUSTICE (Bad words for U) our 4-fathers created this arrangement!
Ivanka, a special lady and Patriot who many people admire. A role model for women.
I used to feel sorry for #ivanka having you as the degenerate father you are but then I recognized that she is as much a cook as the rest of the #trump family. Your family represents the worst in humanity and you're the person responsible.
It's nearly impossible for someone to not hold their head high when they've got such a creepy, long neck like @IvankaTrump does. Be honest: her real father is Geoffrey the Giraffe from @ToysRUs, isn't it?
It’s not your http://daughter.you  are the biggest problem
Aweee those billions of dollars she has in her name aren’t helping? How sad.....
Even Hillary Clinton praised you as the father of "nice" children; that is no small compliment in this day of blended families and dysfunctional relationships.
Will she hold her head as high as Martha Stewart did when she was in prison?
Blame yourself, not the media!  Two totally unqualified, inexperienced people given positions based on nepotism- that’s your swamp.
Perhaps you should not have put her in a position for which she was totally unqualified. YOU are the cause of her being mistreated. Be a man and admit you are a fool
I think your abuse of her is deplorable
Fire her so she can be free of the abuse and she can focus on her children and her made in China line.
This getting any better?  Nope
What goes around comes around Donny boy.  Karma is a bitch.
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by me, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!

The worst administration in American history bar none.
With a father like you and a husband like Jared she should be heaped in embarrassment.
we don't like her.  Almost as much as we don't like you. Mueller says hi.
They need to go to jail - both of them have Russian contacts and $$$
Tell Ivanka to move to China where most of her merchandise is made. There are a few other countries as well. She can have her choice since the Trumps businesses don't participate in making America great again.
what do you mean mean treated badly by the media ? she got what she deserved . she didn`t belong there also she buys from CHINA IDIOT

Your daughter does have some class but is very naive when it comes to politics. She does not belong in the white house for very different reasons than why YOU don't belong there.
ROFLMAO
You're not proud of the American people? You've abused and treated us, and the Earth so badly. Truly NOT WONDERFUL
McMaster is very bad for you and your Administration, sir. He talked seriously bad about you.
We are also proud of the Trump family.
Bullshit!!!
Abused?
Proud or just want to have sex with her. You are a very creapy human.
Keep the good work.   God Bless Ivana.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
can stand the heat get out the kitchen
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high,...
@realDonaldTrump she is a class act, we are amused by the pathetic actions of few. #fakenews #liberalhate
She might help herself out if she did more than take up space.
Dump ALL TrumpS
Impeach Trump Pence
Prosecute no Lenecy all Trumps
Take you and your family and go the hell away. You all are useless for our country
why not,you are bolding her head up!
You should take a lesson from her on how to deal w/criticism. She deals w/it like an adult, not like an insecure 8 y/o.
Are you sure you're looking at her head?
Keep fighting the Fight, We Love what you are  doing!
she never had a chance because she's YOUR spawn. Oh boo hoo, poor little rich girl making her trashy clothes in China #SAD
God Bless Your Family President Trump, Don't  let those Liberal idiots get you down.
She is shrinking away because she knows her time is up as is all of the Trumpsters.  Doomed.  Karma!  Bound to happen.
I am not a father, but you raised very intelligent strong kids. I'd like to hope I'd be a good father too!
We are proud of you too.  The media is brutal, but it's their "game".  We ignore the lies, because we know the truth!
Someone is whining like a mango a
Hurray for Donald Trump.
Your a LUG for life.
hahaha
205k likes? We have that many idiots on twitter?
well maybe it's "fake media" and she really isn't getting abused for being your loser daughter ????
Oh, you mean the way YOU treat everyone else? You need to ALL GO AWAY. No room for DUMPSTERS in Washington.
What have they done to @IvankaTrump??? :-(
everyone you insult, grope, & disparage is someone else's loved one, yet you never show remorse for your abusive actions.
She is a winner like you Mr. President.
In the best sense of the word. As always with much respect to you,  yours and The American People. We love you. Some just haven't got it yet
thank you Sir and your family... Your family  is my first  family and My is your family.Making our children life's matter
I'm pretty sure our president tweeting like a teenager makes our country look so great...
We are proud of her too.  All of your family are awesome individuals.  Louisiana loves all of you
So proud to have you as my President. Keep the faith!
I'm proud of your whole family. Keep on plugging.
She's as self centered and greedy as you are.  You spawned her, own up to it.
kinda like you sexually abused and groomed her as a child?
America is also so proud of.  Ivanka.  She's a very classy woman.
Poor little Ivanka. Such a victim. Maybe someday she will tell us who really "abused" her, eh?
Typical sick minded indoctrinated leftist.
The truth hurts, eh? Tick...Tick...Tick...that's all u people have, eh? Insults. Indoctrinated by whom? Await your reply
#Traitor
She can afford to
Was she only abused by the media?
you might want to consider the true abused which won't be covered under Trumpcare if it bothers you she shd step back
maybe you should have respect for her - and not put her in that position of conflict of interests.  Be smart about it
Is Ivanka still importing her clothing line from China? She pays her workers $62 a week. #MAGA?
“Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the FACE of our next…”
Hurry - tweet ALOT! Your mom said you need to check back in to the asylum early on Sunday #ILoveFurloughs
How do you sleep w/ankle bracelet on? That seems awkward
Gag me
I read her book. It's trite. Just a rich girl profiting from your temporary assignment. She should have stayed home. DC is no place for her.
She has no business in the WH therefore she is fair game. Besides she lies about everything it must be a family trait. #ImpeachTraitorTrump
Oh and speaking of abuse, anything to say to rape and cancer survivors you're denying health insurance?
Speaking of abuse. Grabbed anyone by the pussy lately?
Because you've never bullied, intimidated or made fun of anyone. Glass houses.
@thelastword forgot when trump used derogatory and crude slang terms against hillary clinton and vulgur attacks against her bathroom break
she's being held accountable, and quit using her as a prop
Anna Wintour did not extend an invitation to the Met Gala this year because so many people dislike her and you!
She's a fake. She's just as narcissistic as you. She's awful just like you. You both get booed wherever you go.
You've the one that has abused her
Abused by being publicly groped by her father on stage.  That's the definition of #TrumpCare
If your daughter was smart she would get away as far as possible from you.
Is this the one you wanted to fuck?
You'd date her if she wasn't your daughter, pretty disgusting I would say
She has 2 hold her head high 2 keep it above the swamp of Nazis & racists u have filled the White House with. Have u smelled Girls? Jesus...
If she hadn't posted to promote book (against law) no one would've looked at it 2 see she was stealing quotes.
She has experience. You're her Father
 More hated now than diarrhea.
#complicit
ignore sticks and stones
GOD IS RICHLY BLESSING YOUR FAMILY
Yuck
:SHE GOES TO PEACE / NOT TO PIECES
Ivanka :GOES TO PEACE / NOT TO PIECES
Shes a courageous woman/model of strengrh for all women& wears her inner poise like  beautiful crown/"A virtuous woman, who can find?"
Wow,you must have pretty low standards!! That woman has no conscience!!#
Sorry people treat your family so badly.
do you still want to date her? #creepyoldman
she is holding up rather well after your creepy sexual advances to her and comments about her. GAG 
she should not be in the white house what so ever.
There ya go sir. We're so proud of the trumpfs.
. This pic real-where did u find it ?  I thought only the wife posed nude. Real 'class' in the WH !!!
she looks like an alien
We are very blessed for having her contributions shared with all of us! Her professionalism and knowledge is refreshing!
Ivanka rises above the lowlife remarks from Media! She wins!
As long as you/she secured those Chinese trademarks. #corruptDon #gopassholes #emoluments #paytoplay #conflictofinterest #unfit #treaaon
If only it was legal to marry your daughter...Reince, time for another law change.  then you'd have a real FLOTUS instead of a golddigger.
She is an inspiration to young women.She is a very refined classy woman. You can never take that away! God Bless and Keep your head higher.🖒
Puke
A TRUE professional can get a point across w/o acting like u do. I would like to see u succeed, but u have to change your approach Boss Lady
K
she has the trump genes
elegance, dignity and class all rolled into one. I'm loving it. The way she carries herself. Lady to reckon with.
Throwing up now!
yes we are too; we are proud of all of you
She had a great teacher in her father.
Like how to be a greedy, clueless nincompoop?
Ivanka is a wonderful inspiration to women all over the United States, as the father of two daughters she is wonderful
Look who is talking about abuse! An abuser!
I feel badly for Ivanka,I am sure she is doing what she feels best for everyone.
Your daughter is beautiful, smart and proud woman. She knows what to do and will be a great Advisor. Greetings from Russia!
@TheTrumpLady I'm proud of her too.Melania has also handled the direspect shown her w/ a great deal of class.
Ick
@STreader52 she knows the truth!! She will be vindicated!!
TY @IvankaTrump for tolerance TY for fighting for #ThePeople BLESSINGS to you and yours You are highly respected by The People 
Nope, nada, zip!
@TheTrumpLady Your family has nothing but Honor! Hold heads up high truth will come out MSM colluded with Dems, they R2 BAD
guess who would probably abuse her if she weren't your daughter
Yes it is and it  shows what true class & grit look like. I pray for you & your family daily, God bless
Yes, she's so abused, so like most abused women, they take ski trips to Aspen. You're such a tool. Resign already, traitor.
Ivanka has not been abused by the media. I hate you and love Ivanka. She is nothing like you!
I know she is embarrassed by you. She puts her head down when walking near you. Sad.
?
We, the thinking Americans, are proud you are our President.  Let the haters continue to hate.  They are failures at life.
proud of your love of family and absorbing the attacks that come with your job..stay humble, strong; may God give wisdom!
@joytierce Oh please! As long as you & her manufacture yr goods overseas, u r traitors!
Ivanka trying to profit from your faux presidency.  Deplorable!
She appears to be a gracious lady to take the abuse that has been heaped upon her while still smiling and being gracious!
oh boohoo
You would be shocked if you ever read responses to your tweets, but you won't because with you it's all output.
I have a feeling that all will be well she always has daddy to pay her way!!!
she has class, unlike the media.
"abused by the media"? Reality testing, Mr. P.
poor old traitor.  Life's tough...
@TES_Ziah Cry me a river. War-induced famine, people buried alive by bombs, no potable water for millions..get perspective.
would you still bang her?
