Yes, believe a tyrant over your own intelligence committees.  Traitor.
you opinion was quiet clear in Poland where you again didn't point out Russia but many other countries who could have meddled
you know what he did. No one buying this. Btw you are looking more ridiculous by the day. ... http://tmi.me/1fj78G 
Your bud Vladi stated you easily accepted his denial of meddling...so is he lying or are you? My bet's on you...
Only if Fox News reports it will it be true on this dementia soaked realty #puppet #Russian
Lap dog. Putin attacked the US & you failed to defend the country. The 4 intelligence units that investigated were unanimous but you deny it
You gave him more benefit of the doubt over meddling than you gave Obama regarding his DOCUMENTED citizenship. Easier. #Traitor
We've seen your opinions. Show us your taxes.
Putin has you under his thumb. He can put you away in a heartbeat. It's so clear. YOU DID THIS.
Bullshit , you shook his hand and praised him prolly gave him a reach around or begged him for a golden shower..Yr a traitor
Come to me, all you who labor and are burdened,
and I will give you rest.
Jesus
Nice 5D chess Sir. They're going to rile up on this tweet! 
The Russia collusion is a false narrative story using POTUS as a pawn. There was collusion but it was between DEMS, Obama, HTC, and Russia..
...the real investigation should be on Dems,Obama and H Clinton as they are committing treasonous acts on POTUS and America by continuing...
...to push this false narrative. ALSO it is an embarrassment to the American political system that this continues.

move on to more important things.
Your boss denied meddling in the election ?? Geezes who would have thought it??
America does not believe nor trust you.
#TrumpsATraitor #TrumpPutinMeeting #Resistance #25thAmendmentNow
Not true!
You subservient wimp. You're a traitor.
And the lies just keep pouring out of your mouth.
If it wasn't them (nothing new anyway), I'm pretty sure they laid out intel/proof about who actually did (if anyone). Alws helpful to ask.
strongly pressed? LOL..you only strongly pressed your lips onto Putin's ass
You did Great Chief !
LIER... you know he interfered in our election and you helped him. RESIGN Donnie boy... you're destroying America
Just imagine if US and Russia work together. It will finish the unelected and unrepresentative EU
So you agreed with him. You looser!
What is it?
17 intel agencies are wrong & the man who is a pathological liar says I asked him he said no, I cannot believe how distorted ur reality is.
"strongly pressed".....  right. the guy played you like a fiddle.

ah yup, but "the donald" ...he's a stable genius, right? lol.....vlad played him like a fiddle....
Which is vastly different than the FBI and the rest of America which is horrible and sad.
You basically insulted American intelligence who works to protect us and believed a man who murders journalists.
How on Earth can you think this is okay?
Everybody makes mistakes, right? Everybody. I forgive Putin. Isn't that the Christian thing to do? I forgive him. I know he'd forgive me.
#TraitorTrump 
#FailingPresidentTrump
That's it?  Wimp.  #Kompromat #ArtoftheClown
Whether Russia meddled or not is not a matter of opinion. It’s a fact.

Oh ok, case solved.  
Way to go @POTUS
Even if Putin did direct those hacks.He didn't change the voters ability to chose for themselves People deserved to know real face of Hilary
We agree...it is the left nuts...who are doing it
And of course his opinion outweighs those of our own intelligence agencies...
Enough already about the fake news Russian meddling! Who changed their mind about Cankles Clinton! I'd rather have Putin
You're Putin's Puppet & a liar.The whole  can see Putin installed you & controls you.Resign or be impeached. #TrumpRussia
Oh, you asked him twice? If only our intelligence agencies had thought of doing that sooner. Good work, Donny! #idiotinchief #Trumpocalypse
Considering @nikkihaley just said, "everyone knows Russia meddled in our election." says that #TrumpIsATraitor!




WE LOVE YOU MR. TRUMP
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HELPING AMERICA
THE TRUE AMERICAN PATRIOTS SUPPORT YOU
THE LEFT WILL NEVER SUPPORT AMERICA AND OUR CORE VALUES
#MAGA
@CNN
GOP leaders are too stupid to grasp that the #TrumpRussia hype is an excuse by Obama Admin to justify its spying on/unmasking of @TeamTrump.
Obama's FBI/CIA/NSA saw no collusion neither did Congress; POTUS never tried stopping the investigation per Comey. No reason 4 Mueller.
You’re a special kind of stupid.
You said ok!
We love you, President Trump! #MAGA #MTWGA
Did you ask for the pee-pee tapes?  I'm sure you have to kiss his ass to stop the cyber meddling.  And why was other wife Ivanka there?

But you area proven liar!
Another lie. You just fart out lies from your mouth. What do you think? You think people believe you? No, even the stupid ones KNOW you lie.
You know what I'm doing right now consider it sinful condition m***********
you are both f' liars is all that it shows
Hahahahahahaha!
You're a traitor plain and simple
Your opinion is as ignorant and underhanded as Putin so if you think we take your word on it you need anti psychotics.
Yeah, we're sure you did.
Did you like strongly pressing up against Putin?  #OnlyDipShitsStandWithTrump
#trumpCriticizestrump
You should be impeached on this issue, you're unfit for office and unfit to lead the men and women of the Armed Services. #CplBoneSpurs
Trump jr is a trader
"Strongly" pressed?
Who on your campaign didn't meet with Russian operatives?

Why wld he listen when he & u r the rats behind it all. U will always go down in history as the FRAUDULENT Prez!

BREAKING Don Jr. News Y'all. So Much #COLLUSION https://twitter.com/maggieNYT/status/884580025948925953 …
Parent to 4 year old with crumbs 'round it's mouth 'did you eat that cookie?'

'No'

'Did you...?'

'No, mamma'

'Ok' 

Said no parent ever.
So u know words like vehemently...NOT!!  U didn't write this
You are the most worthless, weakest president this country has ever had. Think about that.
if you use all this words to  qualify your president.... what can you now use to qualify our own Nigeria president????
Good enough for me!!!  I TRust My President
You're fucked dude.
"Oh, well if he denied it, then even though you & your ppl keep lying about we should just forget it"...said no one ever.
d: Didja Vlad?
V: Nyet
d: C'mon didja?
V: Nyet
d: Good enough for me.
--You want some of this delicious chocolate cake?
V: Da
This is about fact, not opinion, TRAITOR. YOU TAKE THE WORD OF PUTIN OVER OUR OWN AGENCIES.
I'm so tired of you.

In related news Jeffrey Dahmer said he had nothing to do with those dead bodies in his freezer so why he was sent to jail is a true mystery
You obviously are blind. The allegations are true. You are going down, down, down. Sorry not a threat a promise.

When pursuing a corrupt politician, mobster or murderer on strong FBI evidence, if he "vehemently denied it," we just dropped it usually. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/884012097805406208 …
But obviously you are being lied to because the investigation says the grand jury says they have !!! Now when are you going to implement the sanctions! ????

Really cause the Russians tell a different tale
@CNN @MSNBC @washingtonpost @huffpost @nytimes @VP So you believe Putin over the U.S. intel community.  Great!!!  You are a non patriot..
With all due respect if you focus more of your attention on our nation's problems rather than updating your Twitter you would be Unstoppable
He wasn't a politician, he knows only what Paul Ryan says, he didn't think he would win, he was just trying to sabotage democrats
If you think you make any impression on the Russian president you are delusional or naïve!
Money talks lady, sorry
And you BELIEVED him?
So then you two laughed and laughed and kissed.
Based on the revelations today all I can say is anything you say should be considered fake.
Yes sure
Hey trump, if you read the PDF, there was nothing in there referring to you being Vindicated! Lol wait!!

I'm sure you pressed him. You pressed your groin against his rear end and popped a tic tac in your mouth. 1st time Putin blushed in his life
HOW HARD DID YOU PRESS PUTIN DONALD? YOU ARE NOT QUALIFIED TO INTERROGATE ANYONE.
Trump's reply: rolled over and peed all over himself.
You'll go down as the only traitorous President in history.
Your opinion and two bits won't get me coffee. Not to mention it's http://bullshit.you  colluded.
Its impossible to tell who's doing more damage to your admin right now. You and your twitter account, or your son!
JUST IN: Donald Trump Jr. responds to reports that he met with Kremlin-linked lawyer during campaign 
Well, there ya go.  Putin said they didn't and @POTUS believes him. Heck, @POTUS even used a big word!  It must be true then!
The opinion that Putin blackmails you to have? #PeeTape
Russia has enough problems   it Didn't !
Bull
Of course putin, would reveal all jajajjajjajjajjaja
I do criminal investigations. I never Thought of just asking the criminal if they are guilty. Great technique. Job much easier now comrade
Score match point to Russia. (Trump confidently pats himself on back while everyone else rolls their eyes at the idiot)
We know your opinion, but we'll wait for the real life facts from the investigation committee report.
You're ashamed of your own guilt that you don't have what it takes to be a president.
.YOU WOULDN'T  HAVE  THE BALLS TO PRESS PUTIN.  YOU ARE A COWARD.
Wow you can talk with your mouth full
So...you believe Putin over the IC of the USA. Sounds traitorous to me.
seems like u tried ur absolute hardest & if ur bff promised he didn't meddle, who r we to continue investigating? gr8 job!
but he's forgotten what he said, so can't repeat it
More lies.Do they ever end trumpet
Do you really think anyone believes either of you?
Do you think by Putin "vehemently denying" is must be true. When did you every know of anyone admitting? Oh please
Never abide Communism to survive!
The same way you've denied collusion.  You and Putin are crooked and in cahoots.  You're not fooling anyone.
Now that we know for sure you are a lying, why don't you tell us what you and Putin really talked about! Impeach Trump!
He lied, just like you are lying.
Was that before or after you gave him the BJ?
Go move to Israel Zionist Trump.
Turns out you're just a gullible old fool #DotardDonnie
Doubt it. You looked so happy while greeting our arch enemy. You are no match for the KGB.
You couldn't strongly press an infant.
Bwahahaha you mean you didn't waterboard him to get the truth?
so you accept his words so easily yet pressed President Obama for 5 years about his birth?! Handing USA to Russia so very easily...nice.
And once again truth and justice are proving your opinion is nothing more than a giant pile of FAKE NEWS ALT FACT BULL. You need to resign.
You got  played, punk and choke etc.........
So you trust Putin more than the agencies you head?  #POTUSTrump #Hacking #disloyalpres
Because we should all believe an ex KGB man who brazenly murders opponents, gotcha.
Sir sorrry but you need to fight back Cnn and Hillary:s associates as they are clearly moving to let america down
Strongly pressed.  LOL LOL  I'm sure Putin was concerned.  You're a joke Donald!  SAD!!!
Yeah your opinion matches his or not depending on the hour and day.
Trump:Well, Vlad...I'm only going to ask you this 1 time. Did you interfere in our election?
Putin:I can't lie to you,Donnie. No, we didn't!
Trump: I'm satisfied.
America: We're outraged!
Trump: Gee whiz! I just asked the man...he said no. What do you want me to do, torture him?
Trump: But I asked him differently (and more strongly) a second time, to which he replied, 'Absolutely not!' 

Why are you not seeing the lengths I went through to get the truth?
He lies like you do
Really. I'm so surprised.
You're a sham. Some may predict that your spawn and their spouses will go first, followed by you as you're tainted by the stain of treason.
Which one? Where u thought it could be Russia? Might b other people too? No 1 really knows for sure? We need to move forward? Putin sellout!
U should not have asked if he hacked U should have told him U know he did & that there would be a price to be paid. Coward! #Fakepresident
BS.
Your opinion is worth what I paid for, which is nothing...
#CLOTUS


It's the Dems and contributers like George Soros if the public knows so do you
I wish this country would just move on and get past all this Russian BS.
Oh, I'm sure the former KGB man is absolutely truthful when YOU ask him things...
Grow up!!
Russia has even bigger problems than we do. Putin's caudioship is able to hide that fact. But we need a healthy Russia.
You just keep pledging love to him and see how far that gets you Bro....
Did you give him your thanks too? Because you should.
And what opinion was that?
opinions are like assholes every one has one wel;l you have more than one including the one between your ears

Do you still believe him?

RUSSIA BS is just that,BullshitThey had2 find something bc,there isnt anything else2goAfterAmerica has a prez,with honesty&integrity4the1stX
Putin ran game on you, just like he's always done. You came meek and you left meek. We need a strong president not a Putin punk #MAGA #Joke
We can disband the NSA, CIA ablnd the Fbi.  It never occurred  to anyone to just ask.
Such an ass to write this.
Soooo many people are pissed that the whole collusion bs is falling on its face. It’s glorious. Can we please get back to real issues now?
I believe him. It was the deep-state.
Wow! He denied it! Case closed completely! Nothing suspicious at all!
Are you nuts or just plain gullible because you worship Putin?
The man the worst reputation for truth. Ever.
What the fuck does your opinion have to do with it...u have 2 deal with the facts but u say the "FACTS" are fake! Whatever!
Move to russia and run against putipie!!
And he is such a believable public figure.  You should trust him immediately.  #noforeignexperience
Has your opinion changed?
You speak no truths.
