Hillary spent roughly 1.2 billion to lose a RIGGED election in her favor #ClintonRussia
Hillary Clinton had possibly the WORST message as a Presidential Candidate, ever in history.
Quick, back on your meds mike. You’re babbling incoherently. Or was it just a long Tuesday afternoon at the pub tweet? Seek help soon 
So just stay in England with all the vans and backpack bombs.Don’t come to US if you’re afraid of guns.We will be fine. Oh he doesn’t care 
THE CAMPAIGN IS OVER
HRC is NOT your opponent
#TheResistance is and we will NEVER QUIT until you resign in DISGRACE
#25thAmendmentNow
#FBR 
@realDonaldTrump is as dirty as they come. He'll be blaming Hillary when she's visiting him in jail 
#TrumpRussia #MuellerTime
I doubt she’ll visit. And he’ll have plenty to say about that too. Only thing is that there won’t be anyone to listen to his rankings! No Fox & Friends and, best of all, NO TWITTER !
You got that right QG 
The day he goes to jail there will be the biggest celebration this country has ever seen!
Dancing in the streets!
Why are u still talking about Her...lets talk about Puerto Rico your tax returns Russia
Give it a rest!! Election was almost 1 year ago. Sadly you won. Move on to important things like governing the country!!!!!
"You'll never accomplish anything if you stop to throw rocks at every dog that barks."
Let it go, man. You won.
Enjoy prison...TRAITOR
Is this the most important thing that you need to deal with today?
You're a true Donald Trump as in Dump in these parts! Like that @piersmorgan
#DonnieLOVESHillary 
Are you going to be any fucking random thought you got you dumb fuck
WRONG!! Facebook worked side by side with Jared and Parscale in your San Antonio digital HQ:
1.    What is wrong with you?  2.  You don’t even understand the issue.    3.  Hillary won, we don’t like you.
Russians are on your side!
find something new to complain about Donnie. This is just a poor attempt to boost your thin ego
You're going to jail and you know it.Incoherent pathological liar.
If you didn't do anything wrong, why do you keep tweetting this crap?! President moron knows he's going down.
Will there ever be charges for all her illegal activity and others. Washington is more corrupt than a brothel on payday.
Is this old guy insecure or what? Stick to golfing in Nambia dotard.
When are you gonna let it go? Russia investigation heats up, 45 starts to sweat...drags out the lame nicknames. #Deflect #Bully #manchild
Your Mueller anxiety is showing donald.  Did your travel ban on Chad put US soldiers in danger? 
So what? That was her money, her donations. She could do whatever the fuck she wanted with it. How is this important you need to say this?
Is this your favorite Facebook ad?
You sins do not make you a saint!
#AmericansAreDyingWhileYouGolf
We need power  We need power  We need power  We need power  We need power  We need power  We need power  We need power 
Hahhhhj right again @POTUS
  LYING DON THE MORON.
Wrong. Russia hacked the election ON FACEBOOK for you. Stop lying.
Why are still crying about the election? Worse than a 4 year old


You have a loop in your back swing. Bad!
Yawn. Blah blah Hillary. Anyone from 3rd grade you’d like to rant about? #BrokenRecord #GrowUp
Shut up and talk about something relevant
It’s nearly been a year why r u still talking about this
Because cnn is still pretending Russia had something to do with it
The real question should be, it’s been almost a year and nothing on Russia came out.
True LOL why tf does the media blame everything on Russia
Because that’s the only explanations they have for letting a the most corrupt politician in American history be the democratic nominee.
And it was Obama who Zuckerburg allowed to have access to EVERYONE'S friend list information! Making it possible to track everyone's contacts backwards & forwards, ALL OVER THE USA, in one nationwide list!

But Kris Kobach's illegal purge of 1.1 million registered voters handed you that thin electoral victory on a gold platter.
Yes it was sooo close. NOT!
Try the 3D version of that map, in which population density is taken into account, in which case blue exceeds red.

This is so true this homeboy is so freaking stupid and crazy thanks to him this great nation became a freaking joke so sad everyone laughing
Right Trumps the one embarrassing the nation 
And, she won 2.8 million more legitimate popular votes.....you one hurtin clown.
Once again the truth comes out  #Facebook is a surveillance company which people gladly had in their home not only for themselves but the kids, hell even their businesses. This was one of the biggest scams that has been perpetrated on the Human race!
why are you still talking about this.
omg you had another Hillary nightmare poor baby
Love #MyPresident 's Tweets  
Me, too!
Dang it, Hilary actually thought she could phone in her campaign & then start redecorating the Oval Office! Lol!  She is the gift that keeps on giving! Signed, one hell of a proud “deplorable!”
Here you go:
Brad Parscale: “I think so.  I think Donald Trump won, but I think Facebook was the method -- it was the highway in which his car drove on” https://twitter.com/parscale/status/917230689656942592 …
The election is over dude
You had us the American people sir!! We didn't need social media to point us in the right direction! We had you! Thank you for your service!
A seven-year-old spoiled brat is in charge of our country.
Once again Hilary was the only Russian bot!
she also got a lot MORE votes than you. Too bad our system is outdated and corrupt.
YO how about you stop being a sore winner and stop talking poorly about the loosing team considering this happened A YEAR AGO?
3 million more people voted for her too.   Yes, Donald, more people were on her side than yours! Accept it, live with it and grow up!
Let it go! It was a lie that you cry babies dreamt up to make yourselves feel better! Besides illegal aliens don’t count!!!
Has anyone told you 1 the election is over and 2 sour grapes are for Losers...


Really? I fail to see why you are even talking about this with so many other more pressing issues at hand.
You do have a lot of supporters on FB! We still support you! #lovemypresident!

Excuse me, but don’t you have work to do?

This obsession that you have with Hillary and Obama has to stop. You are clearly unhinged and you require professional help immediately.

Lol: the joke today is that Michael Flynn plunged lower than the observing dollar today. He returned as the joke again today.
''AND'' SHE STILL LOST. & THE DEMOCRATS ARE STILL CRYING OVER SPILLED MILK. IT IS LAUGHABLE.'''2 ALL OF THE DEPLORABLE S=WE'RE STILL WINNING
#CrookedHillaryClinton #LockHerUp
You won (unfortunately). GET OVER IT!! Maybe try focusing more on POTUS duties & less on Twitter. ffs.
Thank GOD America woke up & voted for Best POTUS in US History! Thank you for giving your all.  MAGA!



Well if it's a meme war your looking for you shall have it
Hahaha! That's hysterical!
Oldy but goodie, makes me chuckle every time lol
You know Obama is smarter, kinder, better looking, better educated, and has more class in his pinky than clown on the hill.
????
Totally directed at Donald trump not you @jaredd00d I didn’t even know you retweeted that  I’m sorry!
All good I was like what I do 
@jaredd00d lmfaooo
Tampering in foreign affairs by swaying public opinion and polarising vs Hillary, an American, funding her American campaign ....
Saudi isn't an enemy of America, and Hillary is an American, not remotely the same as polarising and fueling a riot
Trump didn't fuel a riot and polarise, Russia did, they sent BLM propaganda via Facebook to Baltimore, Trump is trying to downplay it
They tried to increase racial tensions, they targeted potential swing states, fuel the outrage against protestors. They've done this before
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/09/21/technology/facebook-russian-ads.html?_r=0&referer=https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=A-0D2E54-dY … bots tweeted or posted in alphabetical order In the thousands with millions of paid ad spots about BLM

Donald, 
Forget Hillary and all other inane distractions. Work for America!
Still going on obsessively about this. Can't you let go of anything?
You won already. Now just shut up. My goodness. Enough is enough
And in the end, the American people elected the best possible candidate. 
Classic Donald Trump caring about social media
And did you know that since Clinton cheated with over 5 million fraudulent votes in California alone you actually WON the popular vote? 

#MAGA
you really are a dumb piece of shit

And still the best person won! 
#MAGA
AND THIS IS WHY CROOKED HILLARY IS SO ANGRY: SHE CHEATED, SPENT MORE MONEY, LIED, CHEATED, PAID TO PLAY, HAD THE FAKE MEDIA ON HER SIDE AND SHE STILL LOST
Are you okay man
THE REAL RUSSIA SCANDAL IS HILLARYS GREEDY PAY 4PLAY WITH RUSSIA!! AND HOLD HER IN CONTEMPT WITH OBAMA & HOLDER!!! AMERICANS WANT JUSTICE!!
@realDonaldTrump Going to leave this right here...  #MAGA #Winning #LockHerUp




Insider trading like congress trades?
Less is more. Apply it to your twittering. Sick and tired to see your wining and self-promoting posts all over the place. Exercise restrain.
Scrotus should put up or shut up. Sadly he never does either. Empty vessels make the most noise and all that.
yea okay, you forgot to mention that a Super Pac paid for it, remember Dotard, there are fact checkers onto every tweet and article,truth to
Facebook hates you BoneSpurs
Crooked Hillary and her cronies should be in jail
LIES!!!
Why on earth are you still competing with Hillary? It almost like you don’t think your win was legitimate.
Untrue.  You and your Russian buddies stole the election.  You aren't worthy of the title Mr. President.  Comrade would be more appropriate.
I think you’ve exceeded the daily recommended dose of #CNNFakeNews please contact the nearest poison control center ASAP
Stop being a cry baby!  You’re president already! Do you need to continue bashing Hilary?
IM CONFUSED, YOU WON AND YOURE STILL TALKING SHIT ABOUT HILLARY.. WHAT DO YOU WANT

I have accepted a request by the select committee of the UK parliament @CommonsCMS to give evidence, via video link, about Cambridge Analytica, and other matters, later this month. 
We still are!
#CrookedDonaldTrump thinks the nation supports him, when his real support is 22% and plunging!
Boo fucking hoo! You're still whinging about that even after winning. let it go already you big baby!
Hillary is so 2016. Can't you get over it already? She lost, you won... Why keep bringing it up?
Literally everyone hates you
It’s unbelievable that you’ve accomplished anything now that we see what a big, stupid baby you are; in addition to predator. #RichBrat
well I'm on your side mr. Trump president of our great United States
Shut up already....
Thank you so much for all you do. Because of you, I am the Grassroots Coordinator for Convention of States. Honoring the Vets 11-18.
Fake president talks shit daily. When’s it going to end. So sick of you ruining our country
Oh BTW you also won NH due to #OP_ElectionFraud
Facebook colluded with the Russians. Hillary colluded with the Russians. Obama colluded with the Russians. You won, no collusion
It’s like a soap opera. Trump & Hillary, and those restless summer nights...
Probably why she won by over 3 million votes. #Impeach @HillaryClinton
You are a BS artist, and a very bad one at that. The only "crook" is Y O U.
Not to worry, they are measuring Hillary for her new outfit,,,,an Orange jump suit :-)
How much did the Russians spent on Facebook for your election. Can’t wait till your gone. I have never had less respect for anyone as I do u
