It works in..................................?sorry, nowhere.
Canada, Australia, Norway, Sweden, Germany. Those are some pretty nice "nowheres"
If you live in Canada, you come to America if you have $ & time. The other countries, if you like the DMV with longer wait times....MONTHS
So you're just picking up the standard GOP line here and repeating it without evidence. Ask ANYONE in Canada if they'd give it up.
Show me your evidence please. I am not a Republican, sorry.
Germany does just fine. No wait time, and if u go to the doctor, u see a doctor. Not an RN or a PA. Germany leading the world in healthcare.
America aint germany.
It was your contention that single payor does not work anywhere! But just like Trump you abandon your argument when it is debunked and pivot
We should just keep posting this till he responds.
I'm down for that
Anyone who has ever LIVED in a country with a National Health Plan will tell you how truly AWFUL care is. Waiting lines, restrictions, etc
No... Everyone I have ever spoken with in a country with universal healthcare is happy with it.
So move there!
How ignorant can you be? Universal healthcare is the world standard. We are the only major country in the world who profits off their sick.
So true
Donald Trump is a CURSE on the U.S. and its People!!! Get Out of the Government Treasonous Trump.
You're the curse.
Veto.  Show them who is in charge!!!
News Flash....Most of Us WANT single payer healthcare plan.  No curse involved
@POTUS @VP
How could paying less for more coverage with better outcomes be a curse? What you are saying is a cursed lie to the American people.
Paying less, are you kidding me!! Results in skyrocketing taxes! Nothing's free!
We are paying MORE for healthcare so that lobbyists can pay huge donations to politicians. Universal Healthcare would eliminate this cost!!!

Transplant and started a Go fund me for what I can't get up ! Government health care decides who is worth saving https://www.gofundme.com/3no5a8g 
In the UK the healthcare system does not decide who lives or dies I needed a transplant and had it without a GoFundMe (begging from strangers) or a single penny paid to an insurance company three years later £80k and not a single penny asked for . . .  #Healthcare
Sorry Pretend Space man. I dont dig socialism.
Bernie himself, is a "curse on the U.S. & its people"...along with Hillary, Soros, and Obama.  
guess you got insurance? blessed.
Universal healthcare is the global standard.
Hey @realDonaldTrump if you like winning and helping the American people this is a easy win.  Switch and be a hero! #MedicareForAll
45: Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a universal healthcare plan- a curse on the U.S. and its people 

#Medicare4All #TrumpCareKills
He needs to be in the mental ward!!!
You couldn't intelligently elaborate on exactly why you believe it's "a curse" to save your miserable life, could you...
Not if you look at the statistics of private ins vs single payer for all. Educate yourself, look smart for once. @MeetThePress @SenSanders
Ask the citizens of every other developed country on earth if they feel cursed by universal health care.
I would gladly embrace Bernie''s "curse" given the lack  of vision, planning and compassion you and your repugnicans offered - and failed at
Morons do not get it, Socialism works, until you run out of other people's money.
in case u dont know: #SinglePayer is very popular & removes employers & insurance from equation. 
rich & poor all covered #MedicareForAll
You are dead wrong on in this bud! Universal healthcare is the right thing to do.
Everyone who has ever been to the VA knows what DISASTER single payer is.
For the citizens to get what YOU promised them, single payer is the only option.
Single payer works no where! Results in 24% sales tax and 39-90% income tax, and horrible health care!
Doubt that!!!
It works well for our soldiers & everyone over 65. It will happen for everyone else, with or without you, sport. @realDonaldTrump
It works well for soldiers?? Are you crazy!  I guess you don't know a soldier who died waiting in line! Dr's taking  Medicare disappearing
Spent 27 years overseas. Army medicine saved my mother's life 3 times, thanks. Now run back to Putin, #Russianbot. @dusty1922
Just visited Iceland - free healthcare and education = 24% sales tax, 39% minimum income tax rate, and no home ownership! Depressing!

Says healthcare lines are so long it takes 6minths to 2 yrs to get needed treatment & by then 2 late for cure! Please veto single payer/shc
Is this the same Bernie sanders that said single payer would destroy America? Amazing how one can flip idealism for votes
The curse of life?
I'm unclear here, Donald. Are you cursing the United States and its people?
I think it's more like you're a curse on the U.S and the American people.......
Figures lie and liars figure. US will eventually go single payer and will be better for it. Get on the right side of history bro!
Where's the great healthcare plan U promised the American people? You have nothing to show since you took office #Sad
Yes, it is sad that the @GOP has let the American people down. Also sad that you belittle our Commander in Chief.
@jackschofield all those countries pay a huge difference on income taxes..
No they don't. Some pay slightly more (Canada, Australia) and some pay less (Mexico). Add 9K American healthcare costs and you pay more....
But we cover for so many people that have little pride in how the live life that they abuse the system.
Which is why single-payer health systems spend more on preventive medicine and education. Money spent on Planned Parenthood pays back bigly.
Preventative care like the birth of a child via abortion? If you are a black fetus in NYC you have a 50% chance to be aborted... truth
Please go troll someone who is as stupid as you are. We'll both be happier.
Give lawmakers same healthcare as us....NOW.
I welcome a single payer system!  And I voted for you!  #getprofitoutofhealthinsurance
Do you even have tge slightest clue what singke payer healthcare plan is Dodgy Donald
Medicare is limited in it's scope of coverage to 65 & ^. They can't expand it to cover the entire life span of the population! Too DUMB!
We want your assurance that American citizens will have free universal health care by The of your Presidency
Single Payer Universal Healthcare for all! If vetoed we #STRIKE 1st all Trump properties 2nd We stop going to work and crash the economy
Ppl that lie about the argument r ruining our democracy, dishonesty is the worst quality. Win or lose on merit not lies!
After he said it would be disastrous for America
Bernie can't figure out which way is up.
Single payer healthcare plan is killer people die because of it, doctors leave, hard working people get ripped off to pay for others
You just can't cut the working class a break...for once give the working class access to something we can afford...
This is not celebrity apprentice! (The show was cool, props on that.) Quit trying to ruin & play with people's lives. 
#ImpeachTrump
A curse on the insurance industry and since the GOP is bought and paid for by insurance and big pharma single payer is a scary thing right?
The curse is having a Pres like that!
"gegen Dummheit kämpfen selbst die Götter vergebens" cheers from the happiest country In the world...with universal healthcare of course
@BernieSanders didn't think we'd find his 1987 footage... “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody we will bankrupt USA”
You said that the government had to make sure everyone was covered and the government was going to pay for it.  Same thing.
In the future Trump will be used as a curse word. Oh trump! Here comes another hurricane!!
Yeah, god forbid we want a healthy and educated society. You're the loser. #resign
the trick is, we're just going to all vote that you pay for it, since you claim to be so rich.. you won't even notice. ;-)
Really?  I'm a retiree on single payer Medicare and couldn't be happier.
Kaity is deaf and Autistic I am giving her my kidney. Medicare and Medicaid want to let her die! So I sold everything I have to pay for the
God bless you both. 
Thank you so much
You're welcome. Did you do the transplant yet?
Bernie is pushing for medicare for all. How are gonna pay for it? We could easily pay for it with your party's miltary spending INCREASE. 
@realDonaldTrump Sorry Donnie but your actually the curse, your full balloons poppin off fake news doggy
He's a Commie! What do you expect? He wants to convert America to a socialist state. He should be concentrating on his wife's defense.
Yes President
BERNIE WHO?
Verses knocking 33 millions off HC? What do you call that, Donald? You are ridiculous and insulting to our intelligence...
You are the curse on the US and its people: since your presidency there has been an uptick in fear, isolation and violence. Please resign.
works for more than half of the other world countries. hack
It would be the best thing to happen to Americsns
You are the greates
Hallo
*blessing
No person should die due to lack of medical attention! When was last time u were sick but unable to see a doctor?! The rich don't get it!
Don't pull any punches...your the boss and the leader of this country. Time for the world to hear blunt talk. Bless you!
"Medicaid for all will bankrupt this nation" - Bernie Sanders in 1987
Yes, yes you are....
It's worked great in other countries, which you have admitted. We deserve it here.
You have no core convictions. You're not even smart enough to check your current statements against previous ones.

https://twitter.com/OmanReagan/status/907411669726388225 …
Bernie is Socialist.  Sold out to HC. Faster than half off depends sale at Wal-Mart! Brain washed Bernie babies.
 Crying in streets.
Bernie in 1987 admits Medicaid for everyone would bankrupt America, yet pushing single payer! Is he Crazy?
Wake up America...Bernie is a socialist ...burger flipper makes the same as Doctor,dentist,truck driver....
Look at Cuba....it doesn't work.
The only curse on the U.S.&its people, is your presidency! #impeachTrump
No, see, even if it IS a curse, we'd be able to get treatment for free w #SinglePayer.  It's a Win-Win! #MedicareForAll #BernieWouldHaveWon
YOU are the curse!
Wrong!!!!!
Your evil is palpable Mr trump. Why don't you just nuke us instead of trying to kill us all slowly, by taking away our access to healthcare.
@LuapperryPaul It's not like we didn't know this crappy idea was coming. Dems plan to run on it 2020
 Who is playing for it
The very same plan the Socialist said would bankrupt the country years ago. What the hell is the matter with people?
You are definitely the curse on the people of this United States. Progress crippled by an incompetent narcissistic baby man.
That would be ObamaCare on steroids. BernieCare! He must be up for re election next year.
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #ImpeachTrump
You're a curse on the U.S. & its people.
and Cuba .
Yes, ensuring that all Americans have access to affordable health care is so horrible. Fuck you, you racist troglodite
your the curse! Americans deserve healthcare! All Americans not just the1%. Medicare for all! Single payer!
You are an idiot. Who knew!
Then maybe u should use the Bully Pulpit and push even harder for repeal. Quit folding.
It's not a curse. Every decent country on earth has healthcare for all its citizens. People should not fall ill and go bankrupt! Shame!
Canadian here and love my single payor system. Payed by taxes, dont have to shop for healthcare, or decide how much coverage I need.
Another curse is the zeal to privatize (for profit) everything. Natural resources are grossly profited by the few. SAD
Right?...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Bernie is right! You can't even come up with a plan. Single pay- way of the future!
You are so wrong on so many fronts.
how so, psycho?
He needs to get his own act together before telling us what we need can anyone say fraud
If anyone's a curse on the us and its people, it's you.
You and the GOP are a curse to the nation. We CAN afford healthcare for all. Go fuck yourself Mr. prez.
@POTUS YOU are the curse on this country!  #RESIGN
Because my rich insurance money hoarding friends might lose out and patients could possibly live.
Your a curse on the U.S. & the ppl. Your sorry ass should resign, the longer you're in office the more damage is being done to our country
He's all Social programs ....give, give, give...put all of Congress on the sAme plans as we Americans....Sir....
Make congress etc have same healthcare we have! Do it!
You are the one who is a curse on the US and its people. Please resign #impeach45
Bernie is Socialist..he Is a true Racist. People who follow him should look all the history of famous Socialists. It will shock them!
Sorry Mr Trump, but single payer takes away the middlemen. If the rest of the modern world can provide their citizens with quality health care then so can we. If we can afford those terribly expensive wars that do nothing to protect us, then we can afford single payer.
Health is a curse ?
#HealthCareDebate
I really wanna know how you think.... Like how could you be so heartless? I don't get it
You're a fucking curse on the U.S a d it's people
Yes but not all there The looney left Is spreading mental disorder ideology. Can you open more mental facilities need funds 4 crayons & Dr's
Knowing the incompetence of our "Deep State" Obamabot Morons, we would get Coloring Books but no crayons & Sanitariums without doors
In the countries listed by those supporting single payer, they do not have welfare for the able bodied as we've been duped into providing !!
Bro you yourself said it was a good idea like 20 years back.. lmao XD..
You, "sir" are a curse on the US and its people
#IllegitimatePresident
#SomethingToHide
#KremlinKlan
#PutinsPuppet
Name that country and yes we want proof cuz if it's true I know million s that will move there
He's holding Town Halls N Meetings to Push for Medicare for All. Ugh!! Please hold Town Hall with Whiteboard showing WHY ITS STUPID
Your country voted him  in , live with it , show some respect.....
Yes, a curse. A curse on the rich because then doctors are busy and they have to wait.
No, you got it Wrong AGAIN... You Donald Trump Are The Curse of This Great Nation. Tax plan will bankrupt America by 2025. Meanwhile the people Suffer. #NobodyLikesYou Thank God For My Free Education.
Start act and bill proceed with plan to sen.
Speaking of a curse on the U.S. & its people.....
Donald  Trump is the curse to the Country.
You're a curse on the U.S. and its people
Good morning my president and more blessings
Socialism is not the answer. Capitalism baby.
That is why we elected you President #MAGA We support you 100%
You’re one harming the health of USA peoples right now.  Killing ppl of Puerto Rico. Taking women’s and child healthcare away.  Pathetic.
Trumped-up trickle-down economics (i.e. cutting taxes for the richest Americans) ONLY helps the super rich! 
#DonTheCon
nothing could be farther from the truth and you know it.

Oh really who pays for your health care? Who pays for your trips to the golf coarse for that matter. Not as busy as you thought huh?
Canada's tax rate is at 75% last I heard
Send him Venezuela, see how socialism is working out for them.

Mr.President, it depends how it is done. What we have now, is what does not work. Everyone does have to be covered
https://ldi.upenn.edu/news/overview-israels-universal-health-care-system …
A very interesting fact:
That Will Never Happen !  Bernie would have to give up his million dollar fund
You should be pushing right along side Bernie.  Healthcare is not the place for alternative facts.  We are not stupid DTRT, & we all win.
So if you  really care about our country and it's citizens Do The Right Speak truth to power. AMERICANS AND you DONALD  BOTH WIN.
There are 36 countries that have better healthcare than we do and they are ALL single payer and our health care costs twice as much.  DTRT
I live in canada and i get free health care :)
But it works for many non-USA countries. The GOP doesn't remotely understand the real needs of Americans for healthcare. All proposals bad.
Mr. Sander's health care plan is far superior to any plan that you have presented to the American people.
Did you really just sign your tweet with my nickname for you: "a curse on the U.S. & its people"? Thanks man; you made my day! #Trump
The only curse is greedy gop. Most of us WANT single payer health care!
Yes! Fight on Bernie!
stop trying to interpret it. The importance of the 10th Amendment can not be overstated. Federal Government Stay Out!
Your a curse on the us and its people
The only curse is you. You're like a pest. Easy to get, hard to get rid of.
Hilarious. Look at Bernie, Look at Crooked Hillary, Look at the Mayor of San Juan...not my own ignorance, fixations and failures! Really??!!
Fire em all, donald!
You are a death sentence on the U.S. and it's people. I'd take a "curse" over that any day.
I thought the Republican Party was pro-life. Wrong! So sad.
I agree with you Mr. President. Medicare is paid for working Citizens.
Why polish people need visa to coming to USA
Why cant you just tweet about what you're having for lunch instead of politics, there's enough shit on Twitter anyways lol
You’re the curse!!!
Should it pass (hope not) all the swamp sbould be placed on it.....!!!
You are the curse
I will take on that curse wholeheartedly....
Hillary Clinton runs Black Market babies in Black Market organs
Ha ha cheesehead it didnt pass
Medicare is single payer. Duh.
We live 3-6 months in Florida- snowbirds- we don't dare travel to the UzsA without Travel Insurance. Without it we could be bankrupt.
Trump is stirring the pot every time he open his mouth. He sure knows how to decide people. Shame shame.
So if Obamacare was supposed robbe so great, how come I can't afford it, when I had insurance before, why should I believe another commie?
@SenSanders a man who is a parasite on the taxpayer wants more government. Hmmm fascinating....
