Keep Kratom Legal
Go after US Pharmacy India. Drugs to your door. They bribe postal inspectors. I've reported it for years hasn't stopped
Holy shit, thanks for the tip.
What's the website name?
Aurochem Pharmaceuticals India Pvt. Ltd.
No-58 Palghar Ico Operative Industrial Estate
Palghar Maharashtra, 401404, India
Awesome, how do I buy from them?
Hello Mr. President, have you considered programs such as the one presented in this presentation?:

I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminst...
DUMMY, DUMMY, DUMMY and DUMMY!
Medical marijuana does help with pain, anxiety,  appetite and insomnia.
That is EASY
You have 2 choices

1. Make everything LEGAL, 
to DESTROY the CIA DEA Bush Clinton Obama
Cocaine Heroin Trafficking Business.
THE BEST THING YOU COULD DO IS TO LISTEN TO THE MEDICAL COMMUNITY INSTEAD OF DUMB ADVISORS..  LEGALIZE MARIJUANA TO FIGHT THE OPIOD EPIDEMIC
And then what about the ensuing epidemic of stoners?
YOU MUST BE ONE OF THOSE WHO STILL BELIEVE THAT MARIJUANA IS A GATEWAY DRUG AND IS ADDICTIVE, YOU'RE A FOOL TO KEEP ON BELIEVING THAT CRAP !
Just shows how stupid Americans have become.
So, @SecPriceMD ,official position is: drugs are bad don't get hooked in the first place & there's no problem? 

What about CURRENT crisis?
I think the DARE program showed that doesn't really work so well.
Drugs are bad, mkay?

@GOP - Not really a solution to the #opioidcrisis

Cutting #Medicaid & sabotaging the #ACA are also bigly bad ideas. 
Remember, the GOP wants to cut crucial funding for opioid addiction programs. Bring your dancing shoes. #FailedPresident
From the back nine or the front?
What is this costing taxpayers throughout this Nation.  Honest, non addicted people struggle, while billions go to worthless lazy addicts.
You are the best president America has ever had
So glad he is helping his base.  The opioid additction is out of control.  Best of luck to you in your battle.
Make sure you remind them that you and the @GOP are taking away their healthcare.
Non patriots thick this morning!!! MAGA!!! WINNING!!
...a "major" golf club, per chance?
I am sure you will come up with a great plan! Similar to your horrible health care proposals!

Baby in Chief
Poll: Nearly 60 percent of Americans say Trump's first 200 days were a failure
Got to get a round of golf in? Slacker!
Very important to address this issue. Thank you POTUS.
That's all well and good, but what about the hallucinogen crisis in the White House? #Trump #opioid #uspoli #cdnpoli #MAGA #GOP @DNC
Thank you for all you are attempting to do for those suffering from this addiction. #MAGA
WE need help with this. PLEASE STAY OUT OF IT. You're only going to make things worse!
Amazing how it is a crisis when it impacts members of the Anglo Race
Did you know you cleaned up in ALL the US counties with the highest opioid abuse problems? People with LITERALLY half a brain voted for you.
Good news.. while  you are at it please let's know you are getting rid of your weak and pathetic AG!
I almost lost my 84 year old mother due to this epidemic. Very Bad  situation.
@realDonaldTrump The Current @POTUS is real opiate ravaging the rust belts. They're all fatally hooked on his twisted, delusional vision
Why didn't you do this in NH, you know it as the "drug infested den"...
all losers trolling Trump's page,  nothing better to do with ur time?  y don't y'all practice what u preach and go help others?
It's Ironic that you trying to kill 1000's of these people by taking their health care away from them only a few weeks ago
You don't give a cr@p about these people.  You tried defunding the programs which would have helped them receive medical assistance.
RETWEET to @realDonaldTrump
He Will Love this one!
It's a miracle that she hasn't left you yet.  I assume you threatened her or she has a nasty prenup...
Your Whole Family are in for an AWAKENING

Mark this Tweet Mr. Trump...  Mueller is coming for you...
Time for the 25th
I read that as Perseid, and thought he'd really gone 
Making America Greet.

Treat the users as you do the marijuana users. Lock them up in one of Sessions private prisons.
How about you take care of poor people with mental health issues so they don't have to go to alternative drugs in their desperation?
oh good. comedy hour is a 3:00 today
When are you going to say something about our fallen soldiers or the terrorist attack at the mosque?
Stay in Jersey. Christie deserves you.
You HAVEN'T a clue.  Americans are also suffering with you as POTUS.
Keep throwing spaghetti on the wall til something makes you look presidential? Too late. We all know you're not president. Just bad golfer.
all i know is if i break another bone.  I better be getting hydrocodone. Come back & shoot the the doctor if I don't.
Thank you President Trump!
We don't need another briefing, we need you to do what you promised. Better healthcare, lower premiums, broader coverage
3 Years, 5 Months, 12 Days, 5 Hours, 48 Minutes, and 11 Seconds
Thank you for letting me know I have that time plus 4 more years of TRUMP AWESOMENESS.
Too bad counties don't vote...
When are you going to denounce the mosque bombing.
Maybe when Muslims denounce Manchester, Paris, Nice, London Bridge and other Islamic Terror Attacks all over the world.

How do you liberals deal with the fact you endorse gays and Islam at the same time, but Islam kills gays? I'm curious about this, really...
Christians kill homosexual people as well as well as harassing them constantly via all outlets.
As an official policy? Do you know ANY Christian country with a law punishing gays with death? Just one?
Childish snowflake

You still believe in polls after November? He he LOL he he MAGA
Polls said Hillary would win the popular vote. She did.
Too bad but the popular vote means absolutely NOTHING!!
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump He knows he's not a legitimate president 
3-0-6 made him a legitimate President!
You need them.
.Never apologize for being AMERICAN For being patriotic. & voicing your feelings. Standing up ' takes Courage, R.I.P. N.F.L.
That is EASY
You have 2 choices

2. Defund the CIA DEA,
PROSECUTE the Drug Smugglers,
CIA DEA Bush Clinton Obama 
then rebuild CIA DEA
Please keep in mind many of us in #ChronicPain often denied #pain care—#MedsDenied is 1 unintended consequence of gov regulations!
Hello,

I would love it if you took a moment to check out my GoFundMe campaign:

https://www.gofundme.com/xjntk-help-save-verity-vania-from-the-sun?pc=em_co_shareflow_m&rcid=r01-151279991018-8d5921951c794306 …

Your support would mean a lot to me. Thank you so much!

- Verity Burke
Right on mr president. I see your love and care for the American people.
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, don't listen to the liberal wing of the GOP....what have they ever done for you? We have your back! End DACA
Beautiful taking action on this important issue
Fitting name.
@POTUS RU Recovery is a Faith-Based Addictions Program with an 80% Success Rate. 1200 Chapters across the US are standing by to help.
Is the 80% success rate on Opioids or on all addictions?
what I heard was not close to correct. Where are the doctors and nurses? Where are the people that understand this issue?
Keep your thoughts to yourself. We are on a much needed 17 day break from the Chronic chaos Trump keeps trying to stir up for attention
Way more important than nuclear weapons?  Keep golfing and left @nikkihaley do her job.
This is a problem from within, it's not drugs coming from outside our borders, major epidemic causes by careless Doctors. Did you know that!
Unfortunately, new law enforcing PRN meds 2 be taken routinely adds to this crisis; however, pill counts may be the only alternative. SAD..
Also, you refused to declare this a public health emergency, releasing monies for treatment via Medicaid $! SAD! Thousands will die w/o it!
Wow , yeah an opioid user holding a conference on opioids,that's funny
Sooooo, you're gonna play golf & pretend to conduct business.
Because you saw it on Fox News. But you ignored the advice of governors and congressional representatives for 200 days... #opoidcrisis
You should try something new and innovative, like D.A.R.E. to stay drug free! Or tell kids to "Just Say No"! That would surely work!
#FakePotus spreading #Lies U R NOT skilled enough #Caring enough 2 #understand & #fix the problem since UR #killing #Healthcare 4 UR #GREED
Thank you for systematically fixing the last 8 yr. Attack on America. We the people love you!
Whose holding a meeting on the crisis you are creating?
Portugal has the solution.
#alcoholawareness All drugs Mr President-Led by the deadliest drug of all combined-Legal or not-Alcohol and a toxic carcinogen-Sobering
I'm excited... a major briefing! 
You sure don't know how to rearrange priorities  Ask your babysitter to teach you how to do this.
If Trump really wants a huge bipartisan win, deschedule marijuana https://ivn.us/2017/08/09/marijuana-could-save-health-care-industry-economy/ …
Clozaril, seroquel for these brain neurotransmission disorders
Tell the addicts opioids are bad for you and they'll just miraculously stop using them, right?  <twit>
That went nowhere.  Lololol

What about climate change, you loser?
IDIOT!!!!!!!
You don't care, but you should! Big Pharma has caused this! Your wall will make no difference in this crisis!
Is it " major " ?
So important you wouldnt declare it an emergency

Try not making any nuclear war treats before, during or after the briefing
Crack was an epidemic that only brought jail sentences! Lawmakers jailed crack users but not cocaine users! Go figure!
Hey trump.... Your the same dude that caused all of this hate...Why don't you do the US a favor and resign.
A War on Television would probably have all the results of all other wars on things you would hope for.
Blah Blah.... you lie so much, no one can believe you.
Please!! Mr. President don't punish those of us who have a legitimate use for pain meds suffer because of those who just want to get high!!
Prayers for you President Trump !  You are NOT  fighting alone!!!
But please don't punish/penalize people with legitimate chronic pain issues.  Until you've lived every day in pain, you can't understand.
yeah the "just tell kids (and cavemen apparently) Drugs: no good. Very bad." was pure genius.
take it from someone who knows, do the right thing u r not goin to beat the opioid crisis by trying shut down the supply. it will not happen
Like you know anything about it. Face it, you're lost and failing. Traitor
I don't think you get it! Opioid addiction are legal prescription from crooked docs & buy it online from China & Afganastan! Not st corner!!
Maybe by then you can get a clue. 
I am not addicted, I am DEPENDENT. Big difference! Just as some are dependent on insulin for a quality life, you don't call them addicts.
Your response is Just say no?!  Really?  I hope the people who voted for you because you were going to help them realize they were conned.
#MAGA Dump said he'd fix the opiod crisis. Turns out his big idea is "Tell your kids not to do drugs." 
He doesn't care about you. Never did
We need our stricter laws.  Addiction is a CHOICE not a disease.  Where's the concern for Veterans and people with actual diseases.
This is a crisis all over the US, not just NJ. You blamed the Mexicans for the #opioidcrisis in NH. The Mexican border isn't in New England
You didn't propose ANY solutions.  There are many drugs now that people can take to withdraw from drugs like Oxycontin.  Jail is cruel !!
Uncaring jerk!
Why don't you clear the way for treatment with medical marijuana, and represent the voters who supported you? 28 states what ru waiting for?
Yes please tell us where opioids come from! Bad men? Unicorn poop? Please Orange Bully Daddy! Protect us from this scourge!#betweenteetimes
Opioids Only a Issue if Don't adhere to directions , Plp suffer need MEDS never ABUSED THEM ,!!!!
well. If you're gonna manufacture a crisis to take eyes off your Russian Sex Baths, i guess this one isn't so bad. Good job #traitorinchief
How about DEFUNDING the CIA, and then REBUILDING IT.
They operate as if THEY are a country....
Traffic in
Drugs
Arms
Child Sex Slaves.
Ya...it was super embarrassing.  
Theres a cure , just like there is for cancer, stop the exploitation of American ppl so the rich get richer with pharmaceuticals
so true. These people need healthcare to get well.
Please spair us another ignorant view.its Sad and irresponsible on your behalf to go to a briefing and not know what your talking about
Why won't you declare this a national public health emergency so it can be properly funded? #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
BUILD A WALL
I have had a really hard time due to this issue. I have a lot of health problems and I take the pain medication. I am miserable w/ Fibro
On, how you want to defund the federal Opioid programs by 95%? You really care, don't you!
You know what really is a major problem?Being wrongly accused of the murder of your wife and sentenced to life imprisonment
What opioid crisis? Ohhhhh. It must be something that only affects whites. Carry on.
I lost two brothers to drugs in 1984 and 1996 in the DC area.  You have my full support President Trump.  Please go after the dealer's.
Medicinal marijuana is proven to lower the rate of opioid related incidents.. and a great tax revenue! Over 1 billion!
You do know that you pay for prescriptions? Right?
Yeah you are right when it comes to the tax the recreational is substantially more
?meaning you stop sniffing the stuff ??yourself??
Give them more then blame Obamacare!
Please keep in mind those people who are in extreme pain & in need of this Medication
I notice that ugly inside causes an unpleasant face. Look at doony and his tribe
Your declaration of telling kids, "just don't do it" was as inspiring as anything any of the 44 before you have ever spoken. Amazing work!


This is a growing concern for all ages.
What? Are you going to tell Putin you don't want his heroine anymore?  What about his hookers for your resorts and casinos?
Shove the crisis. The opiods are the illegal drugs and you persecute the legal ones punishing the good people. I forgot we are communist now
You are a delusional pathological liar on his way to destroying our democracy and maybe thousands of lives & need to be removed from office
Punitive measures, which is what you have determined to be the solution to the problem, have already been proven to fail.
Regulate the way these drugs are being prescribed.Addicted are desperate,lying,cheating or stealing,whatever it takes to supply addiction
Total crap...just a reaction to the fallout from the bullshit you said about NH
Going to call another State a drug infested den. Nice. I'm sure New Hampshire appreciated that.
I just love how the government gets us hooked on pills and little did we know they were same as heroine it's government fault for epidemic
Can't blame trump cuz it was Clinton who was in office when Oxy were given freely that's what got a lot of our population started
You looked like an angry toddler in that video on NK. You're unfit to lead. Sad!
Stop Federal overreach, return powers to the States. A major campaign promise. We the People can determine regulation and educate our kids.
how is Chicago gun violence doing?
What is your plan to deal with the opioid crisis? I must have missed the major announcement.
Then lean on Congress to de-schedule cannabis so doctors can prescribe. Non-addictive, non-lethal alternative to opiates!
Then why isn't the government funding research for the Opioid Vaccine that eliminates the effect and high of Heroin? People over big pharm!
Restricting opioids to chronic pain sufferers will only increase heroin use and more suicide attempts labeled ODs.
To announce something you "just discovered" that we all already know? Prison is not the answer to addiction.
Wouldn't sessions prefer to jail addicts ?
No need, just check yourself into Betty Ford
Alcohol is the most harmful drug in the world today.
Alcohol is the #1 “ drug.”
Alcohol, not drugs, is a leading cause of death each year.
So, fail on that too... eh? Sad.
Good! Next you should do a huge breifing about our climate that is getting trashed more and more each day.
That sounds major, Major.
U can't just say don't do it, like u want to do for sex ed.  It does not work. Education does, drug treatments do work, it takes time,
We voted for You President TRUMP! We expect you to be FAIR and BALANCED for this issue. Patients w PAIN have NO VOICE. Vets suicides bc PAIN
Unless the nukes fly?
Donald trump shags kids
you are a major problem for this country but you will soon be impeached and removed from office imprisoned with the rest of your family
Crisis can't be solved with just throwing people in jail. Families need support and affordable quality healthcare to fight addictions.
there are some really Ignorant people out there . Must be watching the Fake news no doubt. I Support You President Trump
yeah.. your answer to this nation wide problem. Just dont do drugs and more jail. ~claps~ brilliant rump Just brilliant
Basically, he is treating it like prohibition. All talk, all bluster ..... no real action or policy or vision.
Who is helping you post?
It's ironic that states allow pot in defiance of fed law, yet Doctors are afraid to prescribe pain meds to those in real pain! MAGA
Since you don't have an original thought how bout you try this one?
It's a crisis because it affects the affluent. Nobody cared about any drugs when it affected people of color.
Thank you for addressing an issue that has been kept a secret as well as caused shame and pain for so many families.
CARA Therapeutics has a non addictive option in the final phases of trails right now. Hope it gets through to address this major issue!
You know nothing about chronic pain.  People that truly need this medication are being deprived
I want prices breaks for not being an addict cheaper insurance
You need some old nurses input into this and other health matters!!!!
Problems from every angle presented to New POTUS,NOT to fear he has them all covered with 20% ofhis Nominees becauseCongress is slow walking
