I seem to remember a time in recent history where someone defrauded voters and stole an election. No? As I recall it was November-ish.
ZERO VOLUNTEERS SHOW UP FOR HILLARY
UNDERCOVER VIDEO : ZERO VOLUNTEERS SHOW UP FOR HILLARY “DOOR KNOCK” CANVASSING IN OHIO
http://truthfeed.com/undercover-video-zero-volunteers-show-up-for-hillary-door-knock-canvassing-in-ohio/24426/ … 
You got 1 like on @realDonaldTrump's  personal twitter page. Is that lost on you?
We Love that you're agonizing over fact that HRC LOST
Trump Is @POTUS kept his promise and will #MAGA
Judge Gorsuch is Supreme Court Justice
@stickyfacts I am agonizing over Her "loss". It's true, also would you hurry up and die? Progress is eagerly awaiting its places call.
So bitter!  You must be a miserable person.
True. I've been pretty bummed since Novembers office theft. Your support means you must be a racist hillbilly? Sad.
Except you!
Never in U.S. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Fake President. He told fake stories about his real relationship with Russia.
And countless other things.
Agreed.
That is untrue. Donald Trump won the election fairly, against a world class liar, cheater, criminal monster.
This is one funny tweet, lol.
Thank you Anke.
We haven't forgot about TrumpU or your "Birther" garbage, so ...
Stolen valor. Impersonating a true hero is a huge fraud.
Lock Donald up! 
I concur
Make sure you tell @TheDemocrats too.
This one made me laugh out loud!  @realDonaldTrump is indeed the King of Projection.
Someone seems scared this morning!
You dodged the draft with fake bone spurs. So no room to talk!
Old news though.
No other president in history has tried so hard to divide this nation. Want to explain? Explain why you attack America and praise Putin?
Where are you From Donald ???? The Underworld??? YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT YOU'RE OWN COUNTRY MEN, u Have No Idea what the Hell ur talking about
Not yet, but your on track to take that lead.
Attacking another person...NOT PRESIDENTIAL!
Is he lying more then you?
Just look in the mirror. YOU'RE the biggest liar.
Except for you.
You have 5 deferment dude, 5! The entire world  is clowning you sir. Step down.
You must be so constipated right now
While you're spouting your bullshit, how about some sympathy for the Minnesota mosque bombing?
Sooo tired of your bullying rants. Why aren't you ashamed making up fake news? So predictable. So lame. So narcissistic.
Help me finish this form please, which one do I select in his case?  Thanks in advance!

https://www.blumenthal.senate.gov/contact/ 
Never....until DJ Trump @DTrumpExposed
Until YOU came along and broke the record
Remember November 2017.... #LiarInChief #TrumpRussia #BoyScoutSpeech #Inauguration size #DonaldTrumpJr so many lies
Hey Traitor in Cheat, Just an FYI @SenBlumenthal isn't the one being investigated for collusion with a U.S. adversary. 
Don't you have a round of golf to play?
Uh-hum....really!  #LiarInChief
Hahahahahahahaha r u shitting me? Never in history? Are u sure...???? Lmao no better way to start the day than with a . 
Other than you. Liar in chief! #failedpresident
Never?  You sure?  You do it everyday. And BTW, Trump, you deferred Vietnam deployment 5 times. Cat calling kettle back!
*black
Omg. ...
At least he wasn't a coward like you during Vietnam
"Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like..." Sounds like the beginning of your eulogy. WELL DONE! #ImpeachTrumpNow
no. I’d say our 45th president has done more than his fair share.
If you like your docter, you can keep them.
Your rates will go down.
I love America.

All just a few lies from obama
Who cares! Go get a life fake trump
You are fake and a fraud. You don't know what truth or integrity are.
.... once again, this is a far fetched, gross, misrepresentation of the facts.
haha you draft dodger...You have no right to comment on anything related to the military

You took advantage of deferments to avoid serving in Vietnam
You claimed you had a bone spur in your foot but couldn't recall which one
You are a draft dodger
Psalm 149:4
For the #Lord takes #pleasure in His #people; He will beautify the #humble with #salvation.
You treat the Purple Heart like it's a joke and dishonor the men who didn't LIE to get out of service by equating war w/debauchery. GFY!
You are the Liar in Chief. Crooked President, you are running the country with your Mob tactics. You're hyperbole is gettin
nauseating beyond belief
Why do you need to make up this lie? What is the point. You didn’t even serve in the military. When you tell lies for no reason other than to smear someone - for no good reason, it means you would lie about anything. It’s Thanksgiving - can’t you let ppl have peace for one day!
Werk it.  take him to school.
BONE SPURS
Old news, and still relevant.
Pretty sure you did.
Should we go over all your failed promises?
Repeal and Replace ACA and give *everyone* affordable, great healthcare - Failed, lied
Defeat ISI in first 30 days -- failed
Mexico will pay for border wall -- lied
You will never take vacation and never leave the WH because there's so much work to do -- lie
You will work for all Americans and are a frat unifier -- lie
Really? I find that ludicrous! When I think of Liars , you’re finally Number One. If your lips are moving you’re lying!
Well, your conspiracy against the United States 'tRumps' that.
vs ChickenHawk bone spurs?
Except you. You are the winner. Birtherism Obama, wire tapping Obama, See All The President's Lies:
You're lying
As usual
He apologized for being misleading but he did serve during Vietnam in the Marine Corp reserves
Unlike your malingering
Triggered Vince?
OMG. You DARE to speak of "defrauding voters"? 
#EndofIrony
#EndofHypocrisy
#DotardDon
#LiarInChief
Never in US history has anyone lied or defrauded & conned voters like Donald J Trump. He told us he didnt rape a 13 yr old-a lie. Told us he’d drain the swamp-he lied. Told us he wouldn’t have time to golf-he lied. Told us he’d release his taxes-he lied. His lies total over 1600+
Actually, over 6000 now.
You should know private cadet heel spurs
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Viet...
That’s rich coming from you.
How are those bone spurs doing?
ok mcbonespur
Biggest crowd size ever, Russia made up by liberals, Hillary sold Russia 20% of our uranium, my hands are big...
Looks like everyone had the same thought on this rant....President Bone spurs 
And you lied to get your deferment, so what's your point?

So did you lie or defraud Americans 45? #FakePresident #impotus #MuellerTime
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like YOU!  History and psychology books will be written about your deceit!
LOL! You have him beat by miles! "Mexico will pay!" BS! "I know more than the generals." More BS! "Day one I will r/r Obamacare!" Super BS!
coming from #WorstPresidentEver who lies everyday.  can't believe people believe you. hopefully not enough to matter
Look who's talking 
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
How about you take a lie detector test before calling others out! Put your reputation to the test.
A bit rich coming from you mate!
You need a muzzle 
Oh yeah not till you came along trump
Stop your joshin, U lie & defraud people everyday & have campaign rallys like the election isn't over. #notpopular but #stillelected #sadsad
Deal with it Donny
You have alot of balls considering that you were too chicken shit to serve yourself #cowardTrump. You are an embarASSment to the country!
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. - lol
pot calling the kettle black!
Voter fraud? Sounds like a tactic for gerrymanderers... Don't worry, Donald. I've got your back. #MAGA
Coming from the biggest manipulator Biggest defrauder ( I owe NO contactor's) money yet is written YOU DO. You lie!
Another lie from you Just about everthing that comes out your mouth is a lie
Look in the mirror to see a word class lier 
Remind us what your foot problem was that got you out of serving???
oh like u and trump university? or defrauding atlantic city contractors out of money u OWE THEM,or campaign promises that not 1 has happened
On Tax reductions/Business profits/dividends- they FLOW THROUGH to people, people spend that money! Helps everybody!!!
This is true but SOROS is worse. Why ismt he being investigated. Hes abusing citizenship. I guess the citizenship oath doesnt mean anything
FOCUS! All we ask is that you do NOT GET US INTO WAR. #AccidentalPresident
Remember there 3 fingers pointing back at you for lying to the American people!!!
Give it a rest jackanory
Takes one to know one.
Never in U.S. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Donald J. Trump. U spread stories about your opponents & propaganda to win.
You really have the nerve to talk about anyone lying?!?  Liar in chief
with recents years their testenings! Trump dumb they know!  Gives higher more legional thoughts (they knew) HATED TRUMP!
oh that is so untrue...you win that award
 never??. Hmm idk about that. What about you?. Do you not think the things you say and are not true are not considered lies? Sad!
With the exception of you.
#chickenhawk
You exceed him in the lies category
HAHAHHHAHA
he who casts the first stone be without sin . You've lied
You.  You have lied and defrauded voters more than anyone in US History.  Please resign and spare us the trauma of impeaching you.
Hmm... Like the dems now CONVICTED of registering dead people to vote?
You're crackers for sure
You are talking about LIES! The geratest LIAR of ALL! That's great. Really great
Lol.  Never before?  Look in the mirror for history maker.
As POTUS how is this tweet acceptable? You're a bully. You're unprofessional and full of hatred.
Wish we had a REAL POTUS, not a lying, loser.  Not a billionaire, not a leader, and plays golf TERRIBLY!  What a hot mess!
Well at least he served didn't he!!!
Trump TOO FAST QUICK stepping UP TOWARDS THE LINES! DONT STOP TO THINK BOUT AMERICAN  LIVES!
If that ain't the pot callin the kettle black.
Your....a Dream come through!! Can't stand him!
Never in U.S. history have they been conned by a grifter pretending to be a president
Omg.
Never on the  history have USA  had a president that tweets so much.... 
Just go comatose already! 
You must have been looking in a mirror when you tweeted this
C'mon .@realDonaldTrump, you know we (I) were #1 in defrauding voters!  #MakeHeavenGreatAgain!
At least he wasn't called a dictator from an elderly woman who lived under Hitler's Germany. Twitler can't handle the pressure!! 
Correction one person has, he's the fake president, he's racist, corrupt, takes bribes and commits treason, can you guess who?
Your one to talk.......
Or like president Dump
Funny coming from you the biggest con artist, fraud, liar
Stop attacking people and do your job
Thanks Trump
Except for you.
Ummm....I think you get the prize in this category.
and never in U.S. history has there been a worse president than you...
Obama. ( Thought I'd finish the sentence)
New rule: If you choose not to serve, that's ok, but you give up the ability to criticize others for how they did or did not serve.
@FLOTUS  Melania- PLEASE ramp up your cyber-bullying campaign, starting w/ this bully. Ur $25m fraud suit pymt ranks you way above Dick B.!
Yes you have lied to voters! You have lied to your family and @FLOTUS! You are a liar! http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/statements/byruling/false/ …
Uh... except you!!
He really has you running scared. GOOD!
...says the man who can only get his flaccid dick hard by starting a war..
now going after @SENBLUMENTHAL (August 7, 2017; 7:52 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You do it every single day!
Lol wow who are you to call out liars!? 
No you have
False Statements from Donald Trump (8pages)  http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/statements/byruling/false/ …
Talk about a hypocrite! You defraud voters every single day! You are the biggest liar on the planet!
Bully in Chief. You don't know History. Fraudulent #45!
You use the words "never" and "always" a lot, you did go to college right?
well there is you...
Another caught! Shame on you Blumenthal!!
Coming from the number one #draftdodger
Well, except you, of course. You've told the most and biggest lies ever. Period.  Bigly!
You always say "never in history". What do u base that on? U don't even read.
I believe you have lied to and defrauded considerably more people. #ImpeachTrump
And.... I dodged being drafted... because I am smart ... believe me... and I don't like people who were captured....tremendous
Never ?  Never ?    maybe till you came along.   You lie about every subject and have no idea how it makes you look.   Hint: real bad.
Perhaps its time to let everyone know about how Mr Blumenthal garnered his fortune.  His law firm brokered the "Big Tobacco" settlement
Well you should know all about lies.
happens"...there! COLD SERIOUSLY COLD...HEARTED! FUCKING COLD! And you delivered with No   NO   for civilians NO!!!!!
"Never in US history"? Dude, read a history book or look in the mirror.
OH, #fakepotus, those words will come to haunt you, as many of your tweets....
Is there anything more unAmerican than lying or defrauding voters? No. There is not, Two Scoops.
What a jerk
Oopppp wait....You have everyday since you were born, lied like a dirty rug!
When are you going to learn that a good leader doesn't attempt to defame his own people publicly?
Die
Until now!
Except for you, the greatest liar of all.  Stop your rhetoric about others.  You couldn't find the courage to even serve in the military.
If you're that confused...just look in the mirror for this country's greatest fraud and embarrassment!
Pot- kettle comes to mind
At least Blumenthal served in the military and didn't hide behind "bone spurs" like you did!
You have lied and defrauded voters more then anyone in history.
Sorry bro! YOU lie every time you open your mouth! The GOP allowed it and now they are regretting it. When KJU blows up those red states,
Then they can safely return and hold a town hall! Whimpering pussies! Bet you grab them all the time!
That is the two ton pot calling the kettle black!
Oh wait I thought you were talking about yourself. YOU ARE THE BIGGEST LIER, DONNY!
TRUMP NEEDS TO DECLARE MARSHAL LAW ON THE GEORGE SOROS LIBERAL SOCIALIST MEDIA & THE GLOBALIST DEMS & REPUBS. Num 16:1-33
Martial, perhaps?
Climate change
Keep up the great work Mr. President! Shove all these liberals back into their lgbt bathrooms!!
Until YOU came Along, right? You take the prize
