I'm sure you would've felt right at home at #UniteTheRight Rally leading the way, while your minions yelled, "Heil Trump!"
It would've been reminiscent of one of your campaign rally's, violence and all. You would've felt at home & reveled in all of the attention
That's with you incite, division, violence, and chaos. You have normalized debauchery in this nation. You are the #MadKing
All of America should be ashamed that you are the POTUS. Unfortunately, half of the nation is as mentally unstable as you are.
Less than half. That base is getting smaller and smaller. Just the TRUE racists will remain.
I support OUR President.  Stop spreading hate and stirring the pot.
You need to also complain to Fox News.
Stopping the spread of hateful comments starts with each one of us, including the media
We stand with you President Trump !!!  #MAGA
#TrumpArmy STANDS with you President Trump!
Against all odds from Looney Left, we KNOW you're fighting to #MAGA!
https://twitter.com/Breaking911/status/896843447428100097/video/1 …
43 Million people were on food stamps under Obama. Trump created 1 Million Jobs & enforced Immigration, opening up jobs for Americans. #MAGA
The Chump Change Didn't Happened except Giving Iranians billions of Dollars paid the for the Release of hostages
The Trump Cult

This pathological lying racist will say or do anything to con people. That's his history.


U probably MISSED this as you scurried into ur trump tower hidey hole like the rat u are.

Here's your *welcome*, @realDonaldTrump.

SHAME.
@KatTalesTV would like to know if this is still happening or if everyone's dispersed.
But he's going to be here 3 days apparently. 
So we have more protesting to do.
#NoJusticeNoPeace
#NYCresist
Is #PutinsPuppet packing for his exile in Russia?
There's a thought! I hope he falls out a window there, but he was probably dimly trying to destroy evidence by smashing a computer screen.
@realDonaldTrump is probably looking out the window & saying " these r my people, they love me " - great job folks , ur my heroes today 
These are his people. He needs to go and live amongst them.
Sir, I hope you get this Tweet! 
We support you.
We appreciate you.
We believe you.
We do not regret voting for you. 
Thank you. 

Blah blah blah. 
Enjoy the next 7.5 years! 
I sure as hell am! 
Trump2020 
 he'll be lucky to make a year let alone 7.5 yrs.
He certainly doesnt have a chance in 2020 with a 30% approval rating 
U mean like back in Nov?
If trump makes it to 2020, he has no chance, 7 months in and already tbe worst president in history.
Actually two people already took the spot for worst president Bill Clinton and Obama
You are not an honorable American. You are entirely comfortable with the support of white supremists/nationalists, the KKK, and neo-nazis
Why do you avoid taking a strong stand against hate? Is it because you share the Nazis vision? Were you taught to hate by your KKK father?
Making America Great does not involve taking the nation back to a time of segregated races and fascist ideology. We reject that and YOU!
Millions of actual American heros have given their lives to put an end to that type of thinking. We WILL NOT dishonor them by accepting YOU
Stock Market, Real Estate, Small Businesses, Consumer Comfort, American Morale all SURGING to all time highs! No mention by #MSM --- #MAGA
Too bad its still obamas economy. Yall keep making him look great. Lets see what october brings, when the 45 economy actually begins
Fuck your gold-plated penthouse you racist, misogynist, homophobic coward. You might look down on NYC, but it looks up at you with disgust
Yes Abbi!!! Yes! This tweet is art I'm hanging it on my wall. #apieceofwork #fuckdonaldtrump
Nobody is going to forget you called the president's mansion a dump. You live better than anything the majority of your voters will ever
see in their lifetime, AT OUR EXPENSE, but still feel it's okay to call it a dump. Also, #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia
That is truly where he belongs.
Let's send him to Siberia since he loves Russia so much.

Lmao how are you not blocked yet?! Old cheeto is slacking on his blocking game!
This Gossip Girl episode sucks
Does the real estate agent give the rose to Bedminster, Mar-a-lago, or the place he once dumped, the White House
Your ONLY home is the CAGE you're going into when Mueller is finished with you, filthy RAT. New York HATES YOU, @realDonaldTrump.
SCRAM!
Mr. @POTUS, I can rest better on #NationalRelaxationDay knowing that you look out for our #military!
Thank you & Welcome home, to #NY! 
Well deserved @POTUS
you are living in an "alternate" reality like your "alternative facts." thousands of people showed up to scream about how new york hates you
You have shown the world in this one tweet why education must be a priority for our nation's children. #grammarmatters.



We want for you to leave the US and never return
I'm thinking....maybe a nice place (shack) in Russia.
Only if in Siberia...northern Siberia
Yes, good point, the most northern part...of Siberia.
 you Mr @POTUS ...can't believe what you endure for us?!! #IlovemyPresident
he just took a vacation to go golfing
Something he does nearly every weekend
I burned your tweet.
Millions of Americans love OBAMA more than you Trump.
According to @Lawrence this beautiful tweet by President Obama is the most retweeted n liked in Twitter history
Miss you Mr President
Rt It https://twitter.com/BarackObama/status/896523232098078720 …
Obama was the BEST! Thank you for being our president for 8 years! We miss you! 
DT isn't worthy enough to be a blob of gum stuck on the bottom of Obama's shoe. Obama is missed & a true leader. Something DT will never be.
The New Kkk - Antifa
Both were started by the democrats
Yes, the Dem Party of 2017's make up is exactly the same as it was in 1900. There was never a Southern Strategy/s 

2day's KKK is Republican
Special? UCalled People's House adump! #US is NOT ur+other #WhiteSupremacists home! #Charlottesville +UR A #Traitor #RussianCollusion #Putin
Ouch! Bit harsh there, aren't you, sweet girl? #MAGA
Too bad #HeatherHeyer cannot go home to her family.
You called the White House a dump. New York despises you and the US is a mess because of you. You're demented. Resign.
Welcome Home President Trump!!  Thank You for Your Service!! #TrumpUSA #MAGA 
 You Are My Champion President !!!! #ChampionPresident
President Trump will be recognized by history as having saved the republic from self destructive behavior GOD bless our President #MAGA
You are reviled here. You will never again live in NYC with a moments peace. Fake populist in golden tower. You have been exposed as a fraud
Thanks for marching Paul
The real hearty people are out there NOW. I'm home. I'll be back tomorrow afternoon.
you are actually retarded.
I just burst into laughter!  I laugh to keep from crying these days! 
You love that the White House is so white, don't you?
God bless you and your family.  We support you and want you to continue to fight for what is right!
We support the President! Stay strong out there and know that the people support you!
#MyPresident
#UnitedTogether
His approval rating is 34%
Please leave New York. No one wants you here.
(Pssst: we don't want you anywhere.)
Not really feeling all the "upgrades?" you've made with the place.

But the WH is such a dump  I mean all that old shit they have in there and nothing is gilted!
You're a dump
Perez!! Jeez o peat lol haha
Pathetic President, defending the KKK and white supremacy, saying both sides are to blame in Virginia. I voted for you. What a mistake!
Thank You Mr POTUS. We are behind you 100%.
"Hail To The Chief"
Is the U.S. your home?
New York City fucking hates you. Get the fuck out.
Grand Wizard Trump.
Time to come home son.
I'll be back soon. Hopefully Trump resigns by then.
Ugh. Hurting today.
I saw New York welcomed you home with YUGE AND BIGLY and angry crowds. Bigger than your inaugural crowd. America hates you!
Must have been super awkward to hear the masses protesting outside Trump Tower. Wow, NYC REALLY hates you.
Look at all those @Twitter "Likes" for our beloved #POTUS44 sucks your hate, fake news, and racism casts you as the least POPULAR @potus.
Why does the last part of this feel oddly defensive
It's because it is...because he's not even sure he can pass his own immigration standards...
Maybe once he gets a phd and an Olympic medal
Hahaha...totes a possibility.
I thought the last sentence was a ref to the birther issue and Obama.
you've sacrificed so much for our nation
All of you lemmings and bots who put a like on this tweet know good and damn well that this post doesn't make a damn bit of sense.
He's sundowning.

Eat a dick
Uh huh and the alt right/ nazi accoutrements (thugs) are stunningly bold and brazen just what every impotent dictator needs
But we DON'T want you
this tweet was loosely translated from what language
@SupportOurPrez Mr. President plz stay strong. You're up against a lot. Nevet doubt how much we support you. #maga 
Get your wife out if New York please
We love you President Trump!
This is almost asking me to see your birth certificate
Didn't you just call it "a real dump" last week?
You are EXACTLY what this country needs.  Thank you for taking the job.  Keep moving forward.  The swamp is deep.   Thank you!!!!!
That's funny cus New Yorkers don't want you  here. Bye.
#IStandWithTrump #AmericaFirst #WeStandWithTrump #MAGA
Welcome home sir!! Thank you for calling out alt left!!! It is about time someone has the balls to put the blame where it really belongs
You're home? Did you finally fulfill your lifelong dream of time-traveling back to Germany circa 1933?
The U.S. Is really your home?  That's a very peculiar statement. Should we be demanding to see your birth certificate?
Yeah, we'll need the long form.
Keep being president for all UsA
We must look at what we have and what we will have and not focus on the fake 
Hope you got rid of all the "bugs".
Amen...how would have ever though you have to worry about that too
“A prophet is not without honor except in his own town and in his own home.” I bet u, after he leaves there won't be a better replacemnt
Your base still is unwaivering Mr President We support you 110% despite what Liberal Fake News says. We love the feeling Win, Win again MAGA
Seriously,  this is every bit as patronizing yet unintentionally hilarious  as eating a taco bowl and proclaiming your love for Mexicans.
That you are embarrassing daily

Feels good that #impeachtrump is trending
I respect the Office of the President but not YOU! I Love my Country. My question is "Why Don't YOU!!!!!
People are waiting for jobs 
Think big convert to HEMP INDUSTRY! 
We need jobs
Love president his agenda is mine, keeping America safe, creating jobs, and health n tax reform. I'm not racist and neither is he.
The only thing you'll be remembered for is dividing our country.  Words can't describe the disgrace you have brought to the United States.
Don't get too comfortable. Resist and impeach!

President Trump...welcome home. Most of us still have faith in you. Our hearts are with you. You have done well, despite democrats. Enjoy.
There is a petition to label them as a terrorist group. It's on WH page. Sign and forward!
I'm proud DJT is my POTUS. Still back you through out all this BS. Need to put HRC in jail for 2000 violations of espionage act!

Oh that's good linda! At least he hasn't violated federal law 2000 times like hrc has.

Hi Linda.
In my book you are a superhero, singlehandedly fighting the wave of corruption. Stand true to your beliefs, you are saving our country.
The great thing is you're in your 70s so you are most likely going to die of a heart attack soon.
I thought you called it "a real dump", or was that more locker room talk?
Worst human ever
Get out.
Beautiful President Donald trump !!!
@mikeinknoxville. The MSM will never give you credit. Make them irrelevant
pls make Home Sweet Home for all.
President Trump we love you. I hate the way the press and Left treats you and your family. Hold steady. Christians are praying for you.
Stay home resign save us the time if having to impeach you
Glad to see you back, be careful in Arizona tomarrow ( PS I'm 58 years old and only voted 1 time in my life !!! ( YOUR THE MAN )
Now we will have some of the Hateful @MSM say that Trump wants to be in New York all the time and not W/H because he hates it @fakenews
Im sure the New Yorker's welcomed you with open arms chanting nazi lock him up impeach Trump they hate you in case you forgot !! Ha ha ha
You have made the White House into America's biggest Whinery.
You've been going home practically every weekend. You really do have a mental illness, don't you?
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence New simplified #TaxPlan: Ind & Sm Bus Flat Tax 10% (keep all deductions); Corp. Flat Tax 15% (No Deductions)
You are a brave man. Kudos to you Sir!!!

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
So now you think the White House is a very special dump?!
Yeah, cool story Mr. #PresidentTwitterFingers!! Trying to mess up this Nation! 
You should had never entered the white house
Welcome hom PRESIDENT TRUMP we love you.
Sounds like a space alien  trying to fit in.
Keep the strength and your faith. You will always do what's right. You are the KING OF RECOVERY!!! God bless!
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/898217487359025153 …
There's a lot of money talking out there and obvious bias. You have restored our hope/confidence in presidency. Lead on. Stand strong. MAGA
Get out
You're never at the White House. You're always playing golf in Bedminster

Great Parody Vid Part1

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously a 'Nazi'.

…
To think I'm tired after a weekend away from home.  You are Champ and that's why me and my friends so support YOU!  When do you sleep?
Please resign.  New Yorkers can't stand you and you're a complete fraud.
We are glad you chose to be POTUS and thank god everyday The task of redirecting this country seems to be a thankless job So again thank you
You are doing a great job thank you Mr President
POTUS you need to block this apostate Bishop Talbert Swan.  He's vile and normal people don't want to read his nasty rhetoric.
Your home should really be called Russia! This Shit Show known as Trump needs to go! NOW! #Resist #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident
Start packing!

More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
u make no sense in what u wrote. It's as vague as everything else you talk about. Everything to u is very special do u know what that means
The U.S. doesn't want you here. Real patriots see the loser you truly are. You are a threat to the safety and security of this Nation.
If that is true then step down and Pence as well and the rest of your cronies and allow the big boys to heal what u have done against us
Crushing the PC MSM anti-American Socialists 
WHOA! Trump Just Called Out the VIOLENT ALT-LEFT & It’s Going VIRAL! 
EXPOSES THE TRUTH THAT MEDIA REFUSES TO REPORT
http://truthfeed.com/trump-just-called-out-the-violent-left-and-its-going-viral/101441/ …
Tried to read this.... had to have a Kindergartener translate.
Great.... @ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Bishop Swan needs some help from the mental clinic. He is lying and crazy. On drugs are you perhaps, Bishop Swan?
Monitoring report to know is good man, then Chongqing negotiations. Mao VS Chiang Kai-shek

https://youtu.be/IET8OVXTDOM 
Stay home. No one wants you back in the wh.
Finally a real man as our president !
Except cali..you're not welcome here
Lol lol lol
Resign and stay in New York
Your physical home may be here but your real home is Russia. Traitor.
Ur home ha. It may be true one day ..land of the free right...lol  at u
To bad NYC doesn't feel the same about you 
YOUR NO LEADER #impeachTrump
This home you talk about is NOT yours because you are not worthy of it! Hope and pray they move your  ass outta there soon
We love you POTUS! Can you get the JD to investigate George Soros who is funding Antifa, & goons that attack Conservatives? A real evil guy!
Sorry to hear this
Lies again, you called it a dump
They hate you in D.C. and New York. Doesn't matter where you are. You are bad at the jon everywhere
Thought it was a dump.
Unlike Obama right?  You know they call it the WHITE house in honor of you.  It used to just be "House".
I'm sure it IS good to be home!  Praying for peace, truth and #justice for those who want to destroy our country from within. We're with YOU
No it's not.  You're a traitor, and your wife is a bribe from Putin.  Flynn stole algorithms for the NSA, and now you're screwed. #Treason
Proud of you Mr President for speaking the truth. There is hate on both sides
Here's a great idea... Why don't you Resign and just stay there? That would really #MAGA.
Thought you said it was a dump? Resign now
And you SERIOUSLY don't belong in the WH.  I'm thinking Federal Prison sounds good.
I back u %100 the left is attempting to hang NAZIS on the right. Both groups in question are LEFT WING HATE GROUPS PERIOD!both antifa&NAZIS
You called the White House a dump and every day you take a dump on American values. You should go back to Russia, your real home.
It's not a dump after all? #ImpeachTrump

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
Too bad the place you call home is a wreck with your irresponsible take on #Charlottesville
I heard from someone that the White House was a "real dump"
As opposed to where?  Scotland?  Where your mother was born and raised?  Or Slovakia, where your 3rd wife was?  Just checking. #hypocrite
But we really don't want you
Lier, didn't you call the Whitehouse a real Dump? I don't believe a word that comes out of your communist mind!
ThE uS is REaLly mY hOMe
American Patriots love and trust President Trump!!  As for the rest of the unsupportive? WHO CARES??!!
Another BIG SACRAFICE, Like so MANY, YOU have MADE HISTORY, will be REMEMBERED for your HEART & SOUL GODforTRUMP2016-24

I thought you said it was a dump. which, it kind of is now that you live there
Hey Donald! When you say, " ...and the U.S. is really my home!", it makes you seem like a foreigner.  Yeeaah... just a bit.
Trump you know you're not supposed to be at Trump Towers wasting tax payers money STOP WASTING MONEY
Get out of the U.S.
Satan say,Thank u so much 4 disrupting your & family's lives 2 go 2 a festering swamp full of arrogant,self-righteous,Braindeead Socialists

Their worst nightmare is putting the lunatic nazi wannabe on triall. The alt-left, Virginia Gov, Virginia State PolIce et al will be exposed
Do visit India and u will surely fall in love with the pristine beauty and affection of our people
No one wanted you there obviously.
Your cabinet reflects who you are! RESIGN! Obama was intelligent and articulate experienced and qualified! RESIGN NOW! 
#MAGA Mr. President; smash the PC MSM narrative. 
Trump's assertion left wing protesters just as violent as white supremacists in Charlottesville sets off firestorm http://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/08dX7Toh?s=a2 
They way you are being treated is so horrible. I'm so embarrassed by these douchbags and then the idiot politicians. Screw them Donald. 
You've been home and golfing every weekend LAZY. Don't know what you're talking about "good to be home." LAZY
Wish it wasn't smh..... @isaacxjohnson
Yes. But nobody wants you. My advice, mar a lago, wall yourself in, resign, retire. And be happy. We would be.
Would we want him to be happy tho?
As long as he isn't 'presidential' anymore, he can be happy, miserable, or indeterminate mood. I'd prefer miserable but i can't have it all!
