Nothing is easy?  It sure seemed to be for you when you were second guessing Obama on every move.  Welcome to Washington.
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korea...

China is mocking Trump's over-the-top "fire and fury" comment on North Korea https://www.vox.com/world/2017/8/9/16119164/china-trump-north-korea-fire-fury?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
China is  use less nation Mr. President
So sit back and wait and see what happens?  Good plan.  What about 4 days of Russian Fly-by''s?  Wait for China again?
Do you understand yet? We don't want you as president.
China is also the economic cash cow for America's global bullying. The total of America's war hardware is nothing.
Meanwhile China mocks Trump & Trump is in a pissing match w THE OTHER man child w nuclear weapons.
https://goo.gl/UJgdZH 
You really have no idea how the World works, do ya Donnie? #nopinchewall
We don't want you as president.

Stop creating Chaos in the World.

@realDonaldTrump
Thank you to telling the truth.
It's the last bell for North Korea. They are developing a Hydrogen Bomb. Legacy of Clinton. Either China succeeds or hell breaks lose. #MAGA
Last bell? Sounds funny.
China is not our friend.
China is not anyone's "friend".
Please focus on the US and all our challenges. Make America greater!! I support you Mr. President. China cannot control N. Korea
China never "control" any other countries.
@realDonaldTrump
Yes they definitely have the power to do that
yes...due to DPRK-sided communism with China...
Let's talk about our problems I  the Us a with you at the helm. Nothing is more scary
Chinese are tired of North Korea ,it's 2017 not 1950
কাকু মারামারি বাদ দেন কালকে রেজাল্ট দিবো দোয়া কইরেন 
এতদিন আপ্নেরে বাশ দেয়ার জন্য দুক্ষীত 
plz pray for us 
জয় বাংলা  আমেরিকা জিন্দাবাদ
বাল
China will never go against NorthKorea...!!!
Please defund planned parent hood, build the wall,please don't sign the c.r.   Thank you
Of course china gives u alot of money..and they make alot of money..all about the Benjamin's paper is all ur #verysad
You wrote this one yourself, huh?
You caused the problem with North Korean and you want China to fix it? Can't you do your own dirty work?
You got the point
Why don't you figure out what the N Koreans are after.  Maybe resolve the armistice (look it up)?
If I have to wait for my inheritance I will send in mercenaries to #StopTheDogMeatTrade! Anyone that lowdown needs to die! I hate China!
Both of these nations torture and eat dogs! What kind of scum does such things?! I'm tired of our products made in China! They are scum!
When has SK ever asked for your help
broken things water
coward
North Korea launched a ballistic missile. Add sanctions on North Korea, please attack North Korea.
I know if anyone can make it work you can! I Know it's lonely at the top but you are there for Divine reason. May God be blessing all you do
You are being led by the War Hawks.Put your big boy pants on and stop baiting Korea into a war.
Isis was the most important promise you made,now what,start a new war with North Korea?Really?  Grow up
I would say he changed his mind, but one has to have a brain to do so.
朝鲜问题是左派和右派博弈的问题，和美国的共和党以及民主党博弈一样让人头疼
I dont need cjina @realDonaldTrump #NorthKorea #kimjungun #NorthKoreaCrisis my country is autonomous and independent and strong to face you!
Fire Ryan!!!!' Build the Wall!
Hurt China the little f... will come to his knees he has no idea what we Ca do to him notice he did not launch
You REALLY believe that after sharing a "beautiful chocolate cake" with China's leader that he is on your side, smh!
another pointless, moronic tweet by our embarrassing, unqualified "commander in chief". You truly are "special"
We need to stop fighting dead Men's battles most of us wasn't alive when all of the bad blood between our Countries Began, let's start over
Many immigrants are just passing through Mexico
Korea is need of regime change they are one of few old communist dictatorships left .
Nice deflection- so it's up to China to solve diplomatic issues with N.Korea and not the Trump administration
Don't just rely on http://China.You  have to take the initiative of meeting Kim.Only viable solution.All scholars are blank on N.Korea
All they do is make up things from second guessing.Sanctions won't help either.We been there before.What hasn't been done bfo is engagement.

If really WW-III occurs, the next gen History students subject syllabus will be doubled. one of the outcomes of the WW-III. So, Don't it
leave China out of this & face your enemy alone, You suppose to be making peace in the world & not to create problem, mr.P
NK can be as they wish We Mr President the Air Force  know exactly what there leader has just ask 2SWS JSPOC Commanders can clarify it
Don't believe in China too much bcz They think having a good chance for a leftist regime in S. Korea, what does this mean? Under their hand.
The world is watching China. China doesn't need to tolerate n. Korea or the back wind of nuclear disaster!!!
Please just don't get us involved in war world 3!!!!!!
Tell China you'll take Thaad out when the deal with North Korea .
quite right. Don't want to go there if you can help it
I know China doesn't want North Korea to have Nukes! But I'm pretty certain, the USA,unfortunately,will have to solve it militarily! Truth"
LOWEE THE CAPITAL HAINS TAX
DONALD YOU HAVE NO CHOICE,LAUNCH THE NUKES! GLOBAL NUCLEAR WAR IS THE ONLY ANSWER. YOU WE BE REMEMBERED AS GREAT,LOVE SATAN!!!
#thatisnotmyjob *in a sassy "hellen", from drake and josh, accent*
us has been fooled by North Korea and China for decade's,  is it still the case right now?

A real good solution is to insist to want to talk with Kim Jong-un https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Jong-un … You get to know each other.Tension is much lesser
its incredible HOW ur able to get China to pressure on NOKO — if people just get out of your way you’ll get it ALL done!
Because that dream won't just come to you, you have to go out there and chase it, GET IT! #ThursdayThoughts https://t.co/FaMIx
呵呵
And look at Ireland ffs! Now we are going to get ANOTHER referendum on abortion!! We've already said no to abortion on demand <SCREAM! >
This whole Liberal "understand the angst of the bad guy" shite has got to stop before they destroy more lives!!
From my own personal experiences must say Bully the bullies. That includes the north korean dope with the stupid haircut
I agree, if they REALLY want to get along China will deal with North Korea
Really? Do u think, that u a persona non grata in Asia? Not, it's not true. Have a good day, Donald.
Here's a thought...don't use twitter for international diplomacy. Especially when the situation is tense.  #actlikeapresident
The best way to solve north Korea'problem is to converge America's consistently hegemonism.
Will America go to the war with north Korea? I'm Chinese,I hope would peace.
3. And you won't have to read! You learn ppl-so sweet/sincere, topogr,labor camps,starvation/escape history, leaders, rules, rural/city life
2. The videos are so person-to-person, sincere, not political, honest. I got a great feel for 3 generations of leaders, their differs (cont)
will ?
I must learned the fake English before
出尔反尔是你的本性
中国已经在经济上做出了制裁，比如限制了煤的进口。
Start the wall...making CA the last border.  Let them(CA) figure out what to do with the influx of illegals clamoring to get in!
Let's compromise with North Korea. 

We'll give you 
TRUMP!
Do they eat chocolate cake in North Korea????  Cake Diplomacy????
please do not get us in a nuclear war
Don't take no shit from North Korea slap that spoiled brat dictator
Why? You're too busy with your golf game and destroying the environment and women and anything else you touch?
Lord knows you won't.
Can't wait til the movie red dawn comes true for you :)
Along w/ >YOUR FAMILY's;...SWEAT SHOP:.. IMPORTS<
BROWN -TONGUE-- BULL-shitter.
they will solve the issue, be sure of this
N Koreas leader Kim also known as "Sumdumbfuc"would starve his own people rather than participate in world peace!! Brain washed !!!
You're the one with a problem, and they have already told you to calm down and take your meds!
Art of War : Have two ennemies kill eachother. #Machiavellic #Genius
hang in there u r doing a great job!!
All of the sudden you say China is NOT a currency manipulator.  Do we have to buy their help?  If so, shame on the US.
Crazy!
You do realize if u invade north Korea they can just drop a minute on south Korea and u will be responsible for millions of lives lost
it's true
Aren't they the currency manipulators?
N.Korea need our U.S. affirm assurance, we not going to have pretension if they destroy or somehow let us be in some control of their nukes
Hope Chinese government will do something to finish such nightmare.
Well.Shall we?
u allow china 2take from us&our kids using excuse china will stop n.korea.congress gav china our jobs saying thatll stop war w/china. STOP!
decrease the agitation with a mad man in N Korea.
fighting. Please thing again this is not a right path. Do not listen to those war mongers around you and
I thought you going to use your "Art of the deal" and begin a different path from your predecessors and begin negotiating (talking not
I thought you come to WH to drain the swamp and end those stupid rhetorics that has led us to this point. I thought you
economical. Whose sound mind will ever go to war with Korea. and if this is only rhetoric, it is a very silly one !
Our N. Korea conflict will definitely and surely will help China to rise to the top of the world power both militarily and
That if is so big that fills out the whole space ! China will never help US aganist N. korea
Strategic Arms Initiative (star wars), anti-torpedo & other smart munitions would solve the nuclear threat around the world.
Idk, bruh. China makes some good ass food doe.
you war on North korea  you war on China  your  call...
China and North Korea are Kin  ,
If the USA shoots or strikes first we will be looked at as the starter of this war. Even though we are not causing china to take NK side
If North Korea fires another missile  just shoot it down. And allow china to see it. And deal with it. But Kim jun un has to move first.
Dear President Trump, I offer US Government a most effective way to solve N-Korean's problem and saves USA tax payer half a billion dollars.
You really have no Statesman abilities, and the vocaulary of a sixth grader.
I wish you also has the reading level of at least a 6th grader.
Let’s make peace. We’re not each other’s enemy.
Why don't you eat a burger together?
You know korea is not a part of China
那你很棒棒哦
China wn't interfere on unesary trble, tke care own that's how they frm poverty 2 wld No 1...

 own welfare
US hv 2 mind  own business like China,  take care of own citizens' warfare ...
Fake potus, you really have a small one dimensional brain.
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
would you want that China stop communication wit north Korea?
@POTUS With cur world tensions, @FCC & Phone Co., in process of replacing hardy copper communications backbone with a flimsy wet noodle !
Will FCC & phone companies be held responsible when people die during civil emergencies b/c they removed copper lines ?
hey sa sa.  north korea now has enough advanced warning to put nukes on ships.  entire west coast now really at risk.  you get that right?
They are nothing. Our Navy took our the entire south Pacific.....we are battle tested and will be Victorious
best hope that's true...
China can not be trusted for its policy tradition
N. Korea should not exist. Period!!!!!!!! And it's regime and people! Screw there 85th anniversary tomorrow for their military! Go USA  
China gets paid for a lot more than we see! They don't want to break ties, that will kill their revenue!!!!
When we hit N.Korea's test site and Fat Leader orders a counter attack, his generals will fear advising against, so will shoot him instead.
Ok, and...?
Sounds like you are throwing ypur hands up! Oh well! Too much thinking for me! Who knew it would be so hard? Not the morons who voted for U!
So what I'm an reading here is that you can't fix or facilitate resolution of this issue so you are deferring the real work to real leaders?
China has been doing the same for the last four Presidents, talk, agree and do nothing.
No lack of trolls following our President
Don't start a World War 3 Trump
The @potus throws up his hands and whines that it's all China's problem. - #TeeTime. Too busy watching tv to work.
You will be swimming in billions with all that trade marks you finally scored w/China after yrs of not succeeding suddenly they grant u all!
just like Mr J said,"sometimes naive....",he will let you down，cos he has his own problem
We don't want a wall, just so you know.
The problem is China may not really want to solve the North Korean problem.
China has a video of Donny-Tinyhands peepee'ing on Asian school girls.
Restoring FHA to provide home ownership 30-year mortgages means lower monthly payment do not sell FHA to Wall Street Wells Fargo bankers
Donald Trump needs a job. He tweets more than me
Bet ya can't find the nuclear football....they probably hid it from you.  Guess Why?
Dictatorship is rogue, hope that the United States this world police can maintain justice
I certainly hope you aren't putting all of the USA eggs in this one basket?
Are you sure?
