He had the honor to apologize. You have no honor, Donnie. You're a zero, always were, always will be.
The Bully from Queens is a draft-dodger, like so many from my generation he bought it off. How low can you get. Tell us a Vietnam lie Donny
Bone spurs and bullshit.... Here's a man who doesn't give a damn about suffering. So making a war will be no problem.
Early 2015 I concluded Donald Trump is a candidate with no legal, moral or ethical standards or standing. His whole life testifies to this.
Don't you have anything better to do?
Now it's a "hoax"?! Well, Prez Orangina, a nuclear war is about as real as it fucking gets...
Says the draft dodger with bone spurs....
Don't your bone spurs prevent you from talking about Vietnam?
You're the biggest con artist in the history of American politics.
You're going to be answering very soon to someone, I suspect, will conclude "STD'S were my Vietnam Nam" Trump is a thug.
Never has there been a more disgraceful presidency. Trump is classless, clueless, and an embarrassment to the entire country.
Interesting to watch @realDonaldTrump projecting about Russian collusion when he is the phony Vietnam con artist.
Do you find that your bone spurs have a greater impact on your ability to hit long irons or wedges?
Prove it's a hoax Pumpkinhead Of The US
You haven't earned the right to talk about Vietnam
Disgusting to watch Donald trump of New York denying the truth about Russian collusion!

Tick tock your time will soon up! Muller is closing in, we'll soon know all ur dirty secrets. So sad that all you know is bullying & crying.
Please  resign so we can get our country back. Your lack of maturity, responsibility and accountability has damaged this amazing country.
This coming from a man who received 4 student deferments and one medical deferment for "heel spurs".  Which foot was it again?
So this explains the sudden attack to discredit the vet: https://twitter.com/MarcusC22973194/status/894846208207978498 …
Nothing hoax about Russian collusion & you know it. No one can beat you in con artistry & you know it too. Everybody knows it. #TrumpRussia
Says the man who says he's soooo busy he doesn't have time to watch TV...and he's not on vacation.
You dodged the draft 5x!
Hi Donnie.... Blumenthal a con artist? No You are talking about yourself. We New Yorkers know that well... Why don't you chill a bit.
Says the guy who coned his way to presidency 
Super classy, man. Don't ever change. Not that I need to say that; narcissists actually can't.
anybody who supports this tweet by Trump is a Traitor to America !
You can not throw stones regarding Vietnam. How are those heal spurs of yours?
At least he didn't have phantom "bone spurs" in his foot and did join the Reserves!
Hilarious to see @realDonaldTrump attacking someone else on truthfulness.
#DonTheCon - talking about yourself again! Not a decent bone in your Blotus body! #Resign and #ResignPaulRyan
@stockguy61 perfectly said. Thank you for including Paul Ryan.
Says Trump the 5 time draft dodger. #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed #TrumpObstructed #TrumpRussia #TrumpTraitor #TrumpSexualPredator
Blumenthal the senator obtained at least five military deferments from 1965 to 1970, do a little reaerch
Why can’t Trump supporters spell?
Interesting to watch a LYING FRAUD TRAITOR who CHEATED his way into the WH try to cover up his stinky not smart nor fast enough to do it!
What is wrong with you? You're the POTUS and you sit squandering your power attacking citizens via Twitter. How gaudy and ignorant. Shameful
@SenBlumenthal and Senator Blumenthal will always be the guy who fought for his country and continues to fight for it every day. A true hero
Where were you stationed Donnie?Oops forgot you had problems with  spurs I mean boney feet.Whatever ailed your arse
Why are you so disrespectful to our veterans?
This is the United States of America...rise up to the challenge! Can you just act presidential? What is wrong with you? Damn...
And who in your family ever served in any branch of the armed forces???

Ummm, interesting isn't it.
Didn't you get 5 deferments (one medical) to avoid national service during wartime? Not sure what point you're trying to make here.
Blumenthal the senator obtained at least five military deferments from 1965 to 1970, do a little reaerch
Blumenthal served in the Marines from 1970 to 1976, which included nearly 4 years' overlap with the Vietnam War (1970-1973). Trump completely evaded all service and attacked McCain for getting captured. Not sure how you see Trump having the high ground here.
You stupid people dumping on @realDonaldTrump know nothing! "Blumenthal never served in Vietnam! He obtained at least 5 military deferments from 1965 to 1970 and took repeated steps that enabled him to avoid going to war" - NYT  He's a liar & anyone who knows history knows this!
This is NO way for our PRESIDENT to be speaking to us.
Like a child kicked out of the group for bad behavior, you lash out, pointing fingers & calling names, looking guilty.
5 deferments....you got 5 deferments! Wtf are you talking about?!?!
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
Do... do you read your tweets before sending?
Hillary dodged sniper fire, Blumenthal saw combat in Vietnam, John Kerry lied too... talk about liars. That's just a few.
I'm in awe watching you slam the Americans who actually make this country great.
Interesting to watch someone under investigation squirm.
Bone spurs.... 
Awww, look who doesn't know when he's projecting.
Interesting to watch you talk about stupid stuff instead of recently missing navy soldiers.
yes... as was reported by your "fake news" @nytimes already in 2010!
You have no room to talk! You had your daddy buy your way out.
You need to be respectful if you want to be respected.Be careful because @SenBlumenthal is a smart prosecuter. He used to be a damn good AG.
Your presidency is a hoax 
What does the 2016 Trump Collusion with Russia have to do worth Blumenthal?    NOTHING!  Except

Trump redirecting Russian Collusion...
More interesting to watch the President of the United States get impeached and sent to prison for his criminal acts.  #TrumpTreason
Speaking of Vietnam and phony...
You do realise that 'attempt to collude' has already been established (by ur own genius son). That's not nothing. Did u collude? Let's see.
Interested in hearing you talk about collusion and while your at it, let's talk about those "bone spurs" that prevented you from serving.
Unfortunately,there are Billions of Liberal Hypocrites and Liars! We CAN work around them and get the JOB done. You have accomplished LOTS!
Interesting to watch YOU talking about your love for Putin when you are a phony business man!
He commited the worst sin, dishonored those that did go over there, shame shame
Hey, he signed up to serve our country,  during the conflict..good enough!☆
He was going to be drafted, are you sure he volunteered?

I think that degrades the poor sloth LOL.
Wow, you love to point  fingers at others. Why. not concede   all of your wrong doing?
Tell us all about your service.
Do tell us all about YOUR service.
Says the Vietnam draft dodger...
I honestly don't see connection, sir. Collusion to unravel our democracy is not the same as pumping up your military resume. #DonaldTrump
At least he served..you didnt ..TRAITOR!!!
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
Again, Donny, I feel obliged to remind you that you are, apparently, the *actual* president of the United States. Try acting like it, maybe?
You lied about the crowd size at your inauguration!
When exactly did you serve in Vietnam? You had a boo boo foot 
yehli167@gmail.com 
Good afternoon from Taiwan
Ur unfit to to represent our amazing country. Ur such an embarrassment! Gross! Puke! #impeachment #Resistance #resign #ResignPaulRyan
You are even dumber than your constituents. #DraftDodgerInChief
no tax return, and you're a draft dodger. hold everyone accountable...except yourself.
Well look who's talking! U were the real Vietnam con artist Trump. U could even be man enough to go fight for USA! Oh, just bone spurs! Sad
You literally have to sit completely alone &record urself speaking &post the video

Says the charlatan.  Exactly how small are ur hands, anyways?
Blumenthal is.a total hoax himself. I would love to debate his ass.
Do your job and stop bullying everyone. Tweet people like you want to be tweeted.
Yeah !!!!,great words from a COWARD!!!!
And exactly how did you serve this country during this war?
Blumenthal is a Moral Being. Unlike you. Brighton Beach Boys get You in the END. Treasonous Garbage that you are.
At least he was there not like you, you Chicken you let great boy's die in your place, SAD!!
At least he served unlike draft dodging traitor trump
Like you've got room to talk on anything war related. Dodger!
And what were you doing during Vietnam bam. Bone spurs?
All you have done from beginning is put people down and bully them. You are the worst president!

Please try harder to.conduct yourself in a Presidential manner.  Cease with the juvenile insults. If you ever needed to grow up, it's now!
Add Blumenthal's Name to the Vietnam Wall of Shame and ad John Mc Cain's name as well for TREASON.!!
Blumenthal is a joke!!!
And tell us all about your service during that time. You are an embarrassment and a #FakePresident
Vietnam con artist??  Which foot did your daddy pay doctors say you had bone spurs in again?  #LyingPOS #Sad #Baby #FailureOfAHumanBeing
Keep talking you treasonous draft dodger. You know that there's no Twitter in jail, right?
The alleged Russian collusion story reminds me of the fabricated story of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq in the 90s.
U don't know the first thing about being a patriot or humble.  Not very presidential
You like insulting veterans, don't you?  Like Blumenthal & McCain.  At least they served unlike you who claimed bone spurs.  #Draftdodger
Interesting to watch so-called POTUS talking  about a  supposed Vietnam con artist when he operated fake univ, fake model agncy (PIMPOTUS)
And what on earth does one thing have to do with other? And you got what—5 deferments? You could have gone to Canada like the real men.
draft dogder RESIGN

#twittertrump stop trying to deflect... resign before Mueller catches you #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia #Truth #Resist #Justice #ImpeachTrump
Hey kettle. You're black.
EXACTLY!!!
This is how guilty people deflect from truth. But by doing so they reflect their inner self in reality. All @POTUS has accused he's done.
tell us about your 5 deferments donnie boy
Go @mike_pence LMAO!
Heston's brother?

Says the heal spur draft dodger
#resign #impeachment you're a fool... with the lowest approval rating of any prez ever!!! Get out!!
Interesting watching Donald J Trump running America when he doesn't give a shit about South America!
You would know about con artists seeing as you are one 
How DOES such a fraud get elected? Oh, yeah, he's a Democrat...They LOVE liars and phonies...
You can bully your way out of #fraud (as you did with #TrumpU) but not #treason!
you sir are the con artist and you are not very good at it. Clean your door step first. It is very very dirty.
AMEN! The people the left parades out to comment is laughable
Very sad.
Sen Blumenthal served his country as a Marine. You lied with a note from your doctor and mommy to get out of serving, you coward #PIMPOTUS
Least he isn't a TRAITOR
Are you aware you just keep confirming you are hiding something that will become your impeachment and jail time
Blumenthal should be replaced, vote him out people!
Keep drawing attention to the reality of Russian collusion, numb nuts.
I think you need a deferment from commenting on Russian collusion. Thou doth protest too much.
You're just a plain con artist.  How are those precipus feet doing.  Kept you out of Vietnam need to cherish them.


Who the f**k are you to talk draft dodger
What's truly interesting is the total lack of self awareness here @RealRealKennyG
@SenBlumenthal actually served in the @USMC Reserves, while our @POTUS never served and said avoiding STD's was his personal Vietnam.
Interesting to watch a TRAITOR write his pathetic presidential history not even caring his own brood will read it for generations to come!
Useful, empirical proof that Democrats will indeed vote for a yellow dog or worse, @SenBlumenthal
Shame on you S. Richard Blumenthal #DrainTheSwamp
WTF is wrong with you?!  Why do you have this gnawing hunger to lash out at anyone/thing?  You are embarrassing yourself and THE USA!  STOP!
Don't attack someone on the same side! Go after enemy like Putin. Thanks.
Treason talk, he served, did you?
This coming from a draft dodger SMH. #Failing
don't worry..we had your back in November, and we still do.
You never served. Me my husband & our son-31 YEARS of service. STILL no retirement letter from you as is his due, guess u r 2 busy tweeting!
He is Liar dishonor the war nothing out of his mout should be taken as fact. He won't be bullied what a POS
It's more interesting to watch you squirm under the weight of the investigation into your collusion and emoluments
Your the real con artist. Bone spurs my ass.
You know why people brag and lie? Low self esteem, it shows on your wives too. Marla did last long because you know why!
At least HE SERVED albeit 6yrs. In Marine Reserves@ Parris Island. You chicken s--t lying SOB!
that is you trump! that's why your polls are low!
Pol hack Blumenthal is a lying, phony, traitor & should be defeated @ the polls at his next election. From a loyal veteran.
collusion vs stupid untruthful bragging .. 
one harms the COUNTRY .. the other is handled w/apology
YOU have told more lies in last 6 mos
You're a bully
The only phony is you.
Pot meet kettle, Mr Bone Spurs.......why any vet voted for you is beyond comprehension 
Shut up
Please, tell us about your Vietnam experience that you weaseled out of...heel spurs.  They don't hurt on the golf course..
You stiffed thousands of subcontractors!
You cheated on your 2 exes!
You said you didn't know about Trump Jr.'s meeting with Russian lawyer yet you drafted his response to it!
Trying to distract trying to divert on Russian collusion trumpty.....ur mind games are as old as YOU ....
If you keep calling it a hoax, you will supply further tangible evidence that you are delusional and unable to tell fact/truth from lies.
It takes a con artist to know one #presidentconman
You know what would be really interesting puppet?
You are so childish, grow up and put some big boy pants on. Me thinks you doth protest to much!
You saw that on CNN.    BUSTED!!!!!!
