And imagine if a qualified Republican was actually in the Oval Office.
I'll take Bush back at this point
A sentiment I hear often these days.
Off topic, but I think you're amazing and Piper has always been my favorite witch....
That was GW Bush, that tanked the 401(k), Mike included. Obama brought it back, but it sure took a long time, thanks to  in Congress.
Not Mike, mine. That's what I get for hurrying.
Predecessor drops you inches from home plate, you think you hit a home run. 

You DEFINITELY deserve a participation trophy, #Trump.
He was born on third base.
In a ball park owned by his father.
Who apparently never gave him hugs as he needs constant approval and adulations. Surprised he doesn't tweet when he has a good shit.
He@tweets while he shits.
Losers

And TODAY you hit all-time LOW!
And Hillary was going to win the election hahahahahhhau keep believing them polls. MAGA
You'll never quit crying about everything, will you? The problem isn't "mainstream media", its YOU! Get over yourself!
Yippeeeer someone else ca n truly see what our idiot in chief is really doing.
Trump's a great Potus cleaning up Obama the Muslim s mess!
And YOUR APPROVAL hit an all-time LOW.
Of course, poor conned #Deplorables will still think he's "doing a heckuva job, Brownie."
They don't know what REAL NEWS 
Is anymore.

Congress Calls For Criminal Investigation Of Obama, Comey & Lynch. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECBQlRVlc_I … 
ITS ABOUT TIME -LOCK THEM UP
Mr President, I voted for you undeniably 120%! I know no Russians and no Russian influenced me and the 64 million plus that voted for you.
The Russian influence came from falsified news articles promoted & spread on soc'l media. U don't need 2 know a Russian 2 have been exposed
Trump, you had nothing to do with any of it.  Obama did all this. Please, go away.
Yet wage and employment rates have slowed. Where's the growth for the middle class, Chief?
It was under 7000 just 8 years ago and has risen 200% before you took office. It is merely continuing a decade long growth trajectory
And benefitting from economic factors that have nothing at all to do with this country but just happen to all co-occur. IOW, chance.
My prediction is that Barack Obama will get the blame when the market finally pulls back. Or will @realDonaldTrump own the bad news too?
Gee, I have NO idea! ;-)
It hit an all time high 30 times in the last 40 months, did it repeatedly under Obama. You said it was a "bubble."
A president economic improvement are usually seen a couple years later. So you gunna write Obama a thank you letter?
The Dow does not reflect you !!
They actually report it every day. Literally every single day. Multiple times a day.
Yep noting to do with you. Obama took us out a recession to 18K yet he didn't get the credit from you.

It doesn't benefit me at all & I'm a middle class citizen. No one can play stock market except rich people.
I'm up 19% in 8 months and I'm a low class.
#thanksObama


How much of those gains will investors be able to keep once tax reform is passed is the question now.
Exactly
Obamanomics to thank! After inheriting GWB's Great Recession Obama made decisions that are now paying off! Thank you President Obama!
THANKS OBAMA!!!
Thanks Obama. Glad you had great economic policies. donny you lose again. Stop taking credit for something you didn't do.
So much wrong with this tweet, let's start with election day was longer than 6 months ago.....
Dow Jones January 20 2009 closed 7,949.
Dow Jones January 20 2017 closed 19,732.40.

#THANKSOBAMA
Has hit all time highs 30 times in last 54 months.
Keep riding on Obama's coat tails.
Wow, the rich keep benefiting from your company first polices.  Show us your tax returns!
Obama22.6%. Trump 8.8% at July 30
That's because at 6 months most of this is carried over from Obama. How about signing some Russian sanctions, huge sanctions.

THANKS PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!!
That's because it had NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU
You think this is all because of you? Please name one leader of any consequence who mentions themselves or what they have done more than you
(to birthday song tune)
Tiny handcuffs for you
Tiny handcuffs for you
Tiny handcuffs Dear Ducky Boyyy
Tiny handcuffs for youuu
Yes!!! Thank you President Obama!!!
They mention the Market every day. On every cable network. Updates every few seconds. You want positive reinforcement. #Weak #Insecure
Freeze SOROS' assets cause he floods markets before he pulls it all out to crash markets.
Note to President Trump: The stock market has hit an all-time high in 30 of the last 54 months - CNN
Thanks Obama for the stocks even though trump doesn't understand how economic policies work
It's almost as though Obama did a good job with the economy
Not
Name three policies Trump has done to help the economy
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!  MAGA!!!
Oh look — continuing a years-long trend ...
6 months ago was February. You became president in January. Election was last November, 9 months ago.
When you took office it was about 19,800.
MAGA indeed!
Under Obama u called it a bubble  nice try
Thank you Obama for turning the economy around.  Forever grateful to Obama.
All gains in The last year are gone in 1 day #TrumpCrash
You can bet as soon as we get a slight correction who going to be blamed.
You should see what happened to the markets today donnie after news of Grand Jury released. Not good donnie, not good at all. #freefall
They mention the stock market every day on the news.  You just don't have anything to do with why the market is up so no credit for you
All that was due to Obama. You might have helped a little and that's it. DON'T TAKE CREDIT FOR WHICH IT IS NOT DUE TO YOU
The economy is down, but the corporate profits are up. Wall Street only reacts to profits.
And approval rating hits all-time low. 33%.

Science question: will DT swirl down the drain in a clockwise or a counterclockwise fashion?
Yes, because it has nothing to do with you or any of the things you have and haven't accomplished in the last six months.
Keep Tweeting!!!! We are listening and thank you for saving America!
Remember how the Mainstream Media used to love to talk about the stock market when Obama's was President?

Record numbers and not a peep!
Thank you President #Obama. YOU are #delusional!
*The DOW (INDUSTRIALS..JOBS..etc..no CHINA) is up nearly 11%.. Like to see "Obama" beat that...wait...wha??
Thank you President Trump @realDonaldTrump even from far west Africa in Nigeria I am benefiting from the high stock market. #MAGA 
Hahaha!!! 

Loser.

Thanks @BarackObama!!!
Thank you, president obama. Oh wait, did you think this has anything to do with you? The economy is good despite you.
You Need Your Two Eyes.... The one makes you see DISTORTED!!
Sorry if my comment was over your head.
Thanks, Obama!!
Hey Don, let me give you some advice. STOP taking credit for OBAMA'S work. #ObamaWasBetter
Hey Trae, let me point out the facts, ever since Trump has been in office the country has been getting better together. That's my lesson.
We're still under the previous President's fiscal year. That was a good try though.
great president finally america can return great as it really is . finally saving the workers the families the productions
Sg dzma klanshi ginda
The mainstream media should ashamed of themselves for being so mean and so hateful.
Had nothing to do with you. Get over yourself
Nothing to do with you Sir.  Take an economics class.
It mentions it all the time, they just don't attribute the rise to you, but rather to Obama who actually is the reason it is rising.
My IRA loves you!
It is because of you, Mr. President! Keep up the good work and the good fight!! Here! Here! LLTK!!!
And you realize we're still on Obama's budget year
Fake news extraordinaire.
Nice trump
WHY ARE THE CLINTONS, AWAN BROTHERS, CLINTON CRONIES, and debbie wasserman-schultz STILL WALKING AROUND FREE???? IS THE FIX IN????
Thank you President Trump for putting America First
Inversely proportional to your approval rating
Only 30 stocks is not a good sign!!
Keep the interest rate low and let the economy grow.
I literally watched @CNN talk about this over and over. You are #fakenews 
Thanks Obama?
Keep making our 401k grow. God forbid the media gives u credit mr president. Stay strong. 
Quit your whining. Get working on higher wages. You know it's good for business
Now THIS is a stock market tick you can take credit for, Sunshine!!!!  Yep, this one is all you--no Obama!!!
Great Job!! The ankle biters R out! We will throw them a bone, so they stop HERE IS A BONE for the Haters who have not clue what is going on
Yea and at 18,000 you called it a BUBBLE!  LOL! What is it???
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Trying to replicate @POTUS44 ’s stock market record would require the Dow to hit nearly 50,000 by 2025. Good luck with that!  #DonTheCon
YES THANK YOU OBAMA
WooHoo! FAKE DJIA went up by 52.32 DOWS?
FAKE MARKET pumped by FAKE FED w/ FAKE MONEY and FAKE LOANS to FAKE BANKS touted by FAKE PRESIDENT.
@lekh27 As I said it is visible envy is generated never mind
Thanks, Obama!
No your doing...it's all #OBAMA
Don't worry, it had nothing to do with you.
You are riding on President Obama's coattails, Mr. Fake President! #FakePresident #NotMyPresident
PMA().
Man, you have to read past the front page coverage of your kiddos.    It's reported every day on y mainstream TV news and in my local paper.
Uh.... inauguration day? Election was 8 months ago. Impeachment day coming soon...
We are eternally grateful to Barak Obama for his efforts to put things in such good order that YOU can't screw it up quickly.
Thank you sir! You deserve a lot of credit!
you were quoted by @nytimes
They mention it. They just know that it's fueled by companies knowing pollution, greed back on. Middle America sees no money or jobs
@RobertoRTejera 
Caramba Robertico lol dile a Camilito que el no está para esa ropita como diría Alvarez Guedes Ñooooooooooooooooo!!!!
Trump can only claim 6 of 30!
Note to President Trump: The stock market has hit an all-time high in 30 of the last 54 months http://cnn.it/2ulnFOp  
How do you know? You don't claim to listen to mainstream media. And I don't believe you can read.
Doesn't it ?
You don't seem to get it the using of any pollution is earth using energy is killing us who cares if the vad guys r getting richer
Thanks @BarackObama !!
That's because it has nothing to do with you Bozo ! 
Everything that gets done is like swimming upstream.
Cause the market will go back down. Mention this now when it's up, but I'm sure you'll abandon when it's down. This is your typical behavior

The next crash should be a whopper.
YeH? And what happened today. 
Literally 
Fourteen times during President Obama's administration growth was 2.6 percent or higher. Eight times it was 3 percent or higher.
Yo, Bullyboy. Both #Bush41 and #Obama saw bigger gains in Dow AND S&P 500 than you did during first 6 months in office. #RealityBites
Sure  take credit idiot...it rallied because of apples expansion which they announced years ago...loser
Did you thank Obama today Ducky Boy?
Nothing you've done has affected the economy.  We have the same tax codes and trade policies Obama left us with.
@Mikebla28456888 it was 22.0000 then went bk down climbing again
Are you taking credit for this too?Or is it Obama's fault?GM sales down 15.4% FCA drops 10%,Ford down 7.5% for July.
Aww and the poor wittle twitter in chief thinks he had something to do with this? Cute.

Im ashamed that your in our race you dont belong
Thanks, Obama!!!   Hon, these are not #trump 's numbers. They belonged to his predecessor (that means the last president.)  #resistance
Lazy Trump taking 17 day vacation. All tired out from 38 days on the golf course. Who knew being incompetent was such hard work?
Remind me which policies you have introduced which have caused that? Last I checked political and economic policy take years to price in?!?
Dakota pipeline, renegotiate Nafta, canceled Pacific trade agreement, cut regulations, immigration law enforcement, defund Sanctuary cities
And the ones that have been implemented and 'priced' into market are?!?!
Hi 
It's considered to be the crucial moment to challenge Iran's government to prove its claim that there's no gap
Hi
05/02/2018: "Dow fell 1,175.21 points, the largest one-day point drop in history".

Trump Tweet 01/08/2017 (above): "Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today....Mainstream media seldom mentions!".

Donald Trump doesn't mention record fall

For stock market he is amazing president but his pr power is weak
James 5:1 Now listen, you rich people, weep and wail because of the misery that is coming on you. James 5:3 Your gold and silver are corroded. Their corrosion will testify against you and eat your flesh like fire. You have hoarded wealth in the last days.
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream medi...
Prosperity gospel guy rts a 5X draft-dodging pussy-grabber. That makes him a disgrace of human and christo-fascist.
Even liberals' investment portfolios increasing but you won't hear a peep from them.  Might make you look good.
@LouPacelli foxnews isn't CNN as these headlines prove. I wonder which one is accurate?
Nothing of the Administration has had time to show an outcome as of yet.
Thanks OBAMA. Good thing that you left the stock market in great shape. Unlike it was when you came into office. Trump, please quit.
Still, N. Korea defied you again. Powerless!
Oftvghoofypvjpvii
Because mainstream media is too busy reporting what garbage you are
"Thanks Obama"
thanks Obama!
Or it could tank entirely.

Dow posts biggest one-day fall in 3 months as concerns over Trump agenda grow http://cnb.cx/2wTiTdC  
Your BS hurt Amazon stock but so many smart Americans saw it, orders are pouring in. Points for smaht people.
Are you taking credit today too?
#asso
#LibertyBell
Poor failing POTUS. Worst approvals in history. New record. So sad
After Obama pulled us out of a recession there were 123 record highs in his second term.

Yep stock market 4 rich@no healthcare 4 poor elderly disabled, no worries,  he will just get us  nuked.  Trump = disgrace @ lack of respect.
after the bell-out affects from Obama,  I suppose so trump
Which stock market?
sb
Unfortunately for you Mr. Trump, the stock market has little
to do with your Presidency.

You got a big mouth when it comes to Muslims and minorities but you can not speak when it comes to speaking against Nazi and kkk be a man !!
