Isn't that right? Absolutely! I think Obama didn't say anything because the fake media vowed that Hillary was going to be our new President!
When you have so many lies in the air it's hard to keep them straight.
Don't forget they mocked Romeny about it in the debates.  They didn't care when they helped Obama. Hypocrisy
You are doing everthing to impede it. Why?
Please just do something about it and stop the crap. That's in the past you are the future.
You need to just stop.
And impeached
Suddenly you're yelling about Russian interference after DENYING IT FOR A YEAR?! What the hell is wrong with you?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
Let's help him make that happen.
The sooner the better!
Then we celebrate Trump's impeachment with global parties!
The resist @mike_pence!
team work makes the dream work 
Well said!
I quite agree with you!!!
I wish you would quit blaming Obama and Everyone else for EVERYTHING and just do NOW what needs to be done and what you Promised to do!
They thought everything would drop In their laps. The assumed incorrectly
America knows what's coming.
So... you're admitting to Russian meddling?
So they DID meddle with the election?
Does that means you're invalid??
How do you know this because you knew too! #treason
but I thought you said that never happened?
You realize you are admitting Russia put you in the White House which technically means you shouldn't be President. Why are you so dumb?
Russia was trying to put Hillary in the White House. After she gave away our uranium . Why are you so dumb and Cant see that?
 oh boy.
How does it feel to be THAT dumb, Daniel? Do you even understand yet that you've been the fool this whole time?
You realize you are admitting Russia put you in the White House which technically means you shouldn't be President. Why are you so dumb?
The usual it's convenience! They are the victims
So yku admit, there was meddling in Russia? Wow!
um. already knew about it; and so did you when Obama told you (as we all heard). That's what the investigation was about. Do keep up.
Please tell me the 64K people who liked this don't think this is news. I'd like to think America can keep its grip on reality.
Sir a grip? The traitors who voted for tRUmp are still traitors
@realDomaldTramp knew from intel reports vast nature of Russian attack in our Democracy since last Nov yet wants to roll back sanctions Why?

You would have claimed they were interfering with the election. You can't have it both ways.
They were blinded by power, weakened far reaching message to heart and mind of americans
Good God man, that is just soooooo unfair. Do you have no sense of decency at all? Why are you billionaires so hateful, so unhappy?
A  president who likes to point out others mistakes and lies about his is a WEAK Insecure no good president #DonaldTrump! FAKE!
Part of the reason you're under investigation is Flynn telling Russia you'd roll back Obama's sanctions, which punished them for the hacks.
What are YOU doing about it now?? Since you admit they did attack our systems, how about working on preventing in the future? Or resign.
What makes you think that?
Actually I believe they said they've been trying to interfere for years Obama did nothing congress did nothing only now important
Because you would have yelled rigged election!!!!
Oh that's a great find Smart Guy! I bet you can tell that to the Judge  to Justify YOUR Treason! Your an  ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT
So you're saying the Russians did interfere, handing you an election win @realDonaldTrump ?
So he's finally joining the chorus every informed American is singing.
This is typical T. Deny deny until oh I see a way out. Admit n blame others n then deny my previous denial. It's a total whirlwind of .
You'd expect this from a 14 year old that got caught smoking behind the bike sheds, not a fucking president!
SHAME SHAME SHAME! you need to respect the President!
Why? He's not my president.

No, he really isn't.
I mean, chill out. If you weren't soaking up media, how would you know Trump was president not Hillary?
I wouldn't. That the point of the media.
.@realDonaldTrump so why don't you do something about it?
Drag him Kevin
Trump is doing something about it.
He's trying to get the Russian sanctions removed.
Trump is a TRAITOR to this nation!
I completely agree. Trump is an ignorant MF.
I should be harder on him.
Obama Administration Rushed to Preserve Intelligence of Russian Election Hacking
Impeachment parties are in the plans worldwide...except of course russia.
I, for one, will be celebrating bigly!
Then I'll be resisting @mike_pence!
I will bake the cake!!
Should be a chocolate cake. The most beautiful chocolate cake ever. With so many years
The most beautiful chocolate cake you've ever seen.
Then we bombed Iraq!
What?
It was Syria?
Or, wait... where???
And here you sit in office and still do nothing but lift the sanctions PBO put on them. I smell a rat
I smell quid pro quo!
I smell collusion!
Yep and it smells like shit
It smells like an impeachment party!
To be held at Mar-a-Lago
OH YES!
Maximum burn right there!
Yeah I'm getting a yuge discount, the best discount u have ever seen. It's so big u won't believe it. Some discounts I don't even know yet
"Bigly discounts at the prison commissary! They love me there! I just had a tremendous Soup cup. The most beautiful Soup cup you ever saw!"
Because the Russian intervention in the election is a hoax.
No, the hoax is that your treasonous attack on Americans will work.
Rufus,  next time email me at http://zeroforksgiven.org 
I would, but I'm more of a spork guy, you forking forkity fork.
"You're seriously trying to say this is my fault?"
"I mean, seriously? Have you ever thought a tweet through before posting it?"
"THANKS, Obama!"
"Don't worry, Don-Don, after you're impeached the Democrats really WILL make America Great Again."
... if it helped get this inexperienced, unfit and unqualified idiot Trump in office...
Go play golf
Ohhh, burn!
Obama did tell Putin NOT to meddle !!!  Your fake  news didn't make a big deal of it
BS! They told u in briefings as long as the gang of 8! Gee @GOP was in charge  Why not interfere? Oh yeah, they wanted 2 fuck us over!
Why haven't you done anything about it? #DontheCon
They told you, though. I think they keep you like a chimpanzee in a cage and only let you out to fling shit at things. #DumbMonkey
Seriously, you just found out about this? Where have you been? Did the IC use too many big words? Did they not draw enough pretty pictures??
What are you doing except blaming someone else you Russian puppet
Because the GOP Congress wouldn't allow him to say anything.
Yes! Drain the swamp!
Bc @POTUS44 couldn't  be elected again!!! @JoeBiden wasn't running. Russia wasn't worried about @HillaryClinton...not their problem.
Cuz you whined so much about the election being fixed and hinted supporters should take to the streets.
Yes, We See! #ODS!
The Real Question Is: YOU know about it. Why aren't U placing the controls in place. They R ready to go. C'mon do it. Put down that Big Mac.
Sounds like you confirming Russian meddling Mr President?
It would've reflected poorly on HRC!
And then you would have known about it upon taking office and yet all you've done is deny it. Weird.
Are you kidding me?
Just in:  What have you done as President to protect us from Russian meddling???  What??  Explain please!
Obama administration was the most corrupt administration in the  history of America! Little Hilter show be tried for treason!
Just stop. Its on you now. Be classy. Or leave.
So YOU ADMIT to Russia's meddling. Interesting.
Glad you admitted what you were up to. This isn't about Obama. It is about you and your repulsively disgusting family and admin.
RUSSIA'S DEAD...MOVE ON OBSTRUCTIONISTS,HARD WORKING AMERICANS DESERVE BETTER.
Tell me – exactly what part(s) of Trump's agenda is going to help "hard-working Americans" like you?  Be specific.
Wow you can't see through liberal red mist. Stock indexes highest for years=confidence=investment=jobs as oppose to no jobs no investment
#whiner we will see
Really
You didn't just find out about this. You were briefed months ago. Enjoy!
So you're ADMITTING it now!! @USSupremeCourt
Obama did tell Putin to stop meddling!  Your fake news didn't make a big deal of it!
Boss you need  to help Joe arppio. Out loyalty is are mantra
Because he is an idiot!
Thought you said Russia didn't do anything. Way to keep it straight
Is england your city
Way to confess, dumbo 
Your problem is that you have a short memory and you think too much of yourself. Remember the sanctions put on Russia by Obama admin?
Your late. We heard our president at the time announcement. What a great president obama was too for actually doing his job.

why don't you?
McConnell blocked telling the American people,  ask him asshole!
Larry Klayman is the real news
The Obama Administration put in SANCTIONS.  That's not 'nothing.'  The Obama Admin took away their spy compounds on US soil - not 'nothing.'
Finally, you admit the Russian interference is real. You are president. What are you going to do? Hint, start with subpoenaing your taxes...
Thanks for verifying that the Russians intervened in the election. What are YOU going to do about it? You ARE President now, right?
If global warming is true ? Want we just adapt?
@realDonaldTrump claimed Russian meddling was fake news, now it's real news? How come @realDonaldTrump accepted corrupted help?
WE THE PEOPLE KN THE ANSWER BUT EVIDENCE NOT AVAILABLE X5 YRS.THINK PRESIDENT CAN LEGALLY GET IT? WE THE PEOPLE AMERICA DESERVE 2KN GBA
You knew about meddling by Russia also. Why did you lie about it for so long? 
Tomorrow, you will continue to lie about it - mark my words!
Because it's unlawful for a sitting president to interfere in a national election.

Some people follow the laws of our land.
Love The Donald. Keep on WINNING and ignore these LOSERS!
Because if the actual did something they would have some splainin to do. :)
You knew it, too... I wonder how?
Everything that comes out your mouth is a lie. No one can believe anything you say
but then he forgets Obama told you....
You are the President.  YOU do something about it!
@realDonaldTrump because they thought you would lose. Don't let them win the long game. You need to clean out your house.
Russian meddling: So now you believe it, because it supposedly benefits you,but back in 2016 and later, you said it was fake news.@POTUS 
YOU ARE A LIAR....EVERYBODY KNEW...EVEN YOU...YOUR IN BED WITH PUTIN...IMPEACHMENT IS IN ORDER...GO AWAY..
So sick of our President being scrutinized by media and othersNever in history has a Pres been so scrutinized I feel for you
Because you undermined the action that he took?
Remember the expelled Russian diplomts? Are they back?
I'm done.
How are his handlers letting him tweet this?
You would have cried interference had POTUS44 done more. You are now admitting Russian interference put you in WH. Wow #Impeach45 #TrumpLies
Why are you still talking about OBAMA?
Hay maybe he knew that RUSSIA HAD YOU BY THE YOU KNOW WHATS
Obama, Hillary, Bernie....that's all gone. This is ALL on you now, flabby.
You're right. Obama should have thrown you in jail...
Owning it Donald? You are now admitting that Russia helped you get elected? Pitiful
get a job!
so if you knew since then why does it take you this long to spew your hate? Youre such a liar and a loser!
You have been money laundering with Russia for over 20 years.
No one thought a jerk like you could ever possibly win? Who would have thought you and Russian meddling. #notmypresident
Rublicans: When are you pendejos going to stop being politicans and start being Americans. God help us!0
Obama knew about the thing that I think didn't happen and did nothing! Why?
MSM can't be fake when you don't like it, and real when you do. It's one or the other. 

We ALL see through your #Gaslighting, you #conman.
This is a lie. you are a liar.
My god, pointing fingers again, now as President. Worst than my 5 year old. How pathetic!
And you've known almost as long. What are you doing about it, sir? Why not?
You've been fucking President since January 20th. Why haven't you done anything about it? Is it way above your level of competence?
More distractions from Donald Trump again what's he hiding this time
Now that you know Russia helped you win. ..y don't u vacate the presidency ? #ImpeachTrump #makeourplanetgreatagain
@heil_rachel Once again the left doesn't have their facts straight no proof they helped #Trump win # Hillary lost because had no message
Lol what a joke blame everyone else!
The @SenateGOP and the @HouseGOP were Russia's first targets. RememberTrump was ChoseOut of 17 Republican candidates RussiaAlsoHackedThe RNC
Define 'election meddling', please. You would know better than anyone, since you requested the meddling.
So you shouldn't be President?
@cnn oh don't cry cuz ur poll ratings r so LOW!!Poor little baby has 2 act like a bully n talk crap about ppl 2 feel better
Estou de olho em você
Are you really asking everyone why the Obama administration didn't stop YOU from COLLIDING WITH RUSSIA!?
DID PUTIN HIMSELF GIVE YOU ALL THIS RHETORIC INFORMATION????????? TRAITOR!
Well, he put sanctions in place that you reversed. So there's that....
Shut up
Are you saying now that this isn't a hoax?
- you don't think the Trump's administration stand alone?!
This is simply put, a lie. You are a total loser.
You said it was a Dem hoax - now you blame Obama - what are you doing to make sure it doesn't happen again - NOTHING except deny & point 
You knew too bwhahaa
Wonder how many poor souls believe your lies this time. Sad fake president
Guess it turns out that the DJT campaign did too huh? Thought all of this was fake news.
Just out: Milania is getting the guts knocked out that pu*** by the owner of the Tiffanys in the trump hotel 
President Obama fired Russian diplomats, seiz d their property, imposed sanctions, told you! You denied it, you traitor!
You're aware that now Flynn and Manafort have both retroactively registered as foreign agents.
Thought the Russian story was Fake News. Now it's real? Make up your mind.
That's the question of the day!
Move like a butterfly and sting like a bee, keep fighting back Mr.
@realDonaldTrump
Why did you collude with Russia far in advance if Nov 8th?
They are tyrants they eat that stuff up
Propably they were feling too sure. love again.ME.
Just out: @realDonaldTrump administration tweeted about revoking fundamental American rights. WHY?
He thought that Hillary is a sure winner,
Lots of people under estimate great Trumph.
This
This person needs locking up
RBG #SCOTUS
So why dont YOU do something to fix it NOW!? oh yeah, you dont care if the system is rigged because you won..you said it yourself..RED FLAG!
So did you. You denied it was real. Until it benefited you. Hypocrisy.
When #Fake @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Jealousy of #REAL @POTUS44 @BARACKOBAMA Becomes the norm.#BlameTheBlackGuy #BTBG .
Between confessing, and golf, please attend to your duties to fix the problem. That is your oath.
Wrong again.  The CIA witheld the info and when told he acted.  When u were to told after the election u didn't show up to the briefing.
Why? We wanted you in jail. Russia.
