Come on republicans begin the impeachment. Don't let this bully tell you what to do.
And impeach you? That would do more for national health than anything else.
Wait I thought the ACA has been around 17 years? Damn I'm so confused!
Where were the Republicans when they were drawing up the ACA? Obstructing! McConnell is a racist!
And we will see if We, the People, have to take to the streets.


Aww, you don't even understand how the phrase "step up to the plate" is supposed to be used, do you?
By the way, ACA was signed in 2010.  You were wrong. You said 17.  Why can't u get information correct?

غار کونت ترامپ!

17 yrs bro
They better or the primaries are going to be a bloodbath for the the incumbents
Build it & they will come
Ja, stor dag!!!
If there is no Loyalty they must be RINOS!!!!!!!
.@BobSMueller has compiled a staff almost totally.@HilaryClinton supporters But if he doesn't he could be brought up on criminal charges
You don't even Know what your talking about.
*are willing to be the real #DeathPanels
You flip around like an insane person from topic to topic. Is it because of the full moon? Stripping coverage from millions is cruel
All you can do is talk shit on the ACA...but you can't talk positive about Trumpcare. You can't give ONE solid detail about it, Capt. Vague
YOU and the GOP will own Trumpcare, and the mess made trying to pass it. Why not fix the ACA and properly FUND it? It really isn't THAT hard
They haven't even seen the final bill!! Why all the shadiness?
you can only lose two and don't need Dems. When it fails, who will you blame? The boyscouts?
Good luck, President Trump, but please be cautious.  Try to remember your original ideas about free market competition and not huge gov't.
Thank u @realDonaldTrump 4 doing & being what the people of USA voted for. We knew the sewer was bad, you have shown us how bad it truly is.
They won't! They suck!
aren't you a Republican?
Why don't U step up to the plate and tell them the plan has to include what U promised in the campaign to get votes?  GOP plan is opposite.
I hope so Mr. President!
Doesn't it suck to know that you lost the popular vote to Hillary? Over half the people wanted her more! Now your empire is crumbling. Sad!
The illegals really loved Hillary!
Obamacare is the worst law passed in the history of America! Repeal it!
You mean Romney Care. It was created by a Republican.
so one day you say 17yrs but today it's 7?
GOP Congress, your re-election will hinge on your vote. We elected a GOP POTUS and Congress. What else do you need? Vote GOP on healthcare.
- Rally
Tuesday - July 25 - 2017
Join President Trump 
in Youngstown, OH 

#MAGA #TrumpTrainArmy 
#AmericaFirst #USA 
#TrumpNation 
Or what? Will you call them out and humiliate them on Twitter?
Did you take off work today to #tweet?
stepping up means throwing Americans down the steps..
Hopefully there are enough Republicans who actually care about America's sick and elderly!
Hopefully every Republican doesn't side with the devil, like you do
Unfortunately CORUPT congress n Wash makes too much money from insurance companies,AMA& pharmaceutical companies. Have vote all out firstGB
thousands of people will see if they live or die today.
Meanwhile your administration make it through the same type of thing pretty soon...
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to ...
And do what? Finally get you impeached? We can only pray!
Republicans better get this Done. If U don't U will B Out. Not putting up W Ur BS anymore. Backup R Prez or U won't B staying!
Repeal and free market
It's funny you don't need Dems to pass anything in house or congress but yet you keep blaming them for not helping pass the bill,reps where@
LOL they held Congress for 7 years and couldn't do anything, why do you think they will now? GOP is impotent.
What are they voting on? NOBODY KNOWS!
I'm not a huge fan of Ocare. But they had hearings and the public was able to see it prior to vote.
No. I'm defending their process over the GOP. Easy to see. If you want to. 
What is your health plan? Do you know?
I know mine @PattyArquette it's 1,400 a month with huge deductible!! By law I have insurance but can't use it bc deductible is to much!!!!!
Which is why D and R need to work together on lowering premiums & ded. They both know that has to happen.
It would be nice because all of them.sitting doing nothing is hurting me
The ACA will live on :)
He's so embarrassing, I blush when I see my fellow citizens...
Our President truly is an embarrassment to all of us.
All of us? Take a hike losers
Empty acreage doesn't vote; people do.
I'm so glad grossly overpopulated states and cities dont determine potus with dead ppl voting and illegals... thank god were "united states"
Yet there is still no proof 6 months later of "wide spread voter fraud" LOL
Kinda like Russian collusion
The dinner plate?


That display yesterday was disgusting! You are well aware that people in or near poverty will DIE! You and the Republicans are HEARTLESS
Lol no one likes you not even Melania and Baron
I thought the republicans lost that baseball game!  Maybe it'd be better if the democrats were up to bat.  Trade?
Trump said he makes the best deals. Instead of getting involved and working a deal, he is on the sidelines playing cheerleader. Epic fail.
Keep Yellen, Cohn is a Neanderthal
booooo
They'll be out of office in 18 if they do! Let's hope the GOP destroys itself with this vote. That should end Trump's reign of terror!
They must do it before it's too late!
You would think the largest Navy base in the world would at least be efficient.Guess that is just the way our government runs,  ie: Congress
And still, you are not connected to reality.
So please Mr. President get rid of Obamacare, so I can go to the doctor without worrying if I can afford to!
I hate all of the words you say
That's a lot of talking. Buncha' dumshits
7 years to "fix" this and you still can't figure it out?
#donoldtrumpgetsfuckedintherump
Swing and a miss
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not your mom is willing to step up to the plate!
The feed trough, not the plate.
Don't you mean "bigly" day?
If they were they would have done it already!
Tax Mike Pence!
CALL YOUR SENATORS, NOW
Just forget about the small business man 10-4

7 years is a long time to talk. Do they have sore throats?
Nope
Why are you so anxious to kick 22 Million Americans off of their insurance.  Do you realize that this will literally kill many people?
If they do it's only because they were pushed to the plate
big day indeed: @SenateGOP have proven to be a spineless, greedy bunch of shortsighted f*ckers who don't give a damn about health care.
Don't you mean 17 years! Idiot. NOT MY PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
That's so great dear.
Time to fire Sessions and Mueller they are not worthy of the job
Great. Please don't name it TrumpCare... It hits a Bad Spot.
Doing Great Job with health insue
No, we will soon see whether millions will lose health care. You said everyone would have health care. You lied.
Thought it was 17 years?
is it 7 or 17? Ive gotten conflicting messages recently
Congress doesn't have the same healthcare that they are forcing on us! Why? If so where is a plan for private healthcare choices & doctors
Just repeal it. Why replace??
they failed us.

Please make it affordable I hope that doesn't mean 20% of gross income that will kill America
Single payer now
they just seem so gutless.

Step up to support ACA and improve it with bipartisan work with Dems!
Yay! They did it!!
Nope nothing gets done, congress needs to be fired
I  am from china and my phone is +86--13252569608, Please contaqct me and I have great material that can help you a lot.
Hopefully enough Republicans have a conscience and kill mean #Trumpcare once and for all.  Yes, step up to the plate and do the right thing.
They Don't even Know, What They are Voting On. Sad
Judging by your expanding waistline and bulbous fingers, you've been "stepping up to the plate a little too much".
By removing Obamacare you're destroying thousands of lives. Do you even care about the common good?
Well I guess congratulations are in order.   Now you are the ugliest American and meanest man in the country.
For future reference if they don't, that's one less vote.
Is that a threat, or just a veiled innuendo?
Yes, many are shameless and will bow to your threats and tyranny to keep their big, fat, cushy jobs! They're more cowardly than you!
Well that dodnt go well Donald....bit like your wall building....

Hey, how bout some massive population depletion? Get the pop down to like 30,000 and we all get to go to the superbowl
It was ruined 7 years ago once they made it universal. Look at every other country with universal healthcare, people die waiting for surgery
Mine will stay the same. But you misunderstood me, I don't want healthcare at all. Should go back to being privatized.
Nope!
Let's hit a homerun for the American people! They deserve it!

And if not, we the people are ready & willing to work very hard to make sure these idiots are never re-elected again.
Get the health care passed
You do not make America great!
#Loser
Ask yourself that question. After all you ARE the Republican President.
Hello
Nope they wont when they see whats not there. Unless putin throwin in a few more million
YOU STRUCK OUT WORSE THAN THE ANTI CASEY AT LEAST ONE HUNDRED TIMES AND YOU WILL YET REFUSE TO RESIGN???
,....something HE NEVER DOES (July 25, 2017; 6:27 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Please stop the public blast of Sessions.. He is a good man.
What's ur plan cut Medicare u said u wouldn't u don't know what's in the plan It is good 4 people u just don't like Obama
YASSSS
Obamacare should be repealed n take effect within a year, let people purchase in any state for best price, If Can't afford U Go on Medicaid
Lindsey Graham,Step up to the plate for the American people Also,remember President Trump won the election,work with him
President Trump,  please remove the special exemption from Obama care for Congress. Leave Jeff Sessions alone.
@FLConserve941. 
There was a time when a man's word was his bond.
Integrity, honor, righteousness, were serious character
Trumpcare is a disaster, unethical and immoral just like you. If a Republican has conscience and moral values he/she will not support it.
All the money you make will never buy back your soul.


You are pathetic, cheering the reality of people DYING because of these votes.
PUSH and PUSH  OUT  OBAMACARE.
yes I will step up to a plate full of juicy steak, do u still sell those in your name or would that be a conflict of interest?
What is wrong with you?
And you will own the Trumpcare shitshow the rest of your pathetic life.
How much work did YOU put into Trumpcare?  How much selling did you do?  
Take ownership, 'cause it's yours - LOCK, STOCK AND BARREL!
Sessions is the worst. Relic from the stone age. Lyin Ted for AG!
We saw Republicans selling their souls to the orange devil...
Well you all must be ROBOTS?
They can step up or be voted out. We're with you Mr President
You take away health insurance for 22MM citizens and you're happy.  You are a monster devoid of human compassion.
Roflmao!
I only hope they know what they are voting on.
And then they'll get shot down after the debate. Or people will die. Because of you. Sad! Delete your account
... and gorge themselves on the carcasses of the dead and dying Americans without health care.
No. The party is fractured between those with empathy and assholes.  Guess which one you are.
Glad to see you can count the years this time.
I hate to say it but I predict the Republicans will wimp out.
, The congress will never repeal Obama Care if they don't have skin in the game. Take away there illegal exemption.
You will all own it! Be sure of what your voting for! This is your seat republicans! He will not have ur back
You're not a Republican you're a Trump you could care less for working Americans
