We'll definitely NEVER FORGET that you just put out a 9/11 memorial video that is just a series of pictures of YOURSELF. Just WOW. 
It was the fairy-tale notion of a "God" which led to religious crackpots killing so many people on that day; all of religion is lie.
Yes, religion is; but a true relationship with Jesus is not.Because Jesus is the way, Truth, and the way to Father God.
"Atheism can fly humankind to the next world; religion/superstition, can fly humans into buildings."-Dave Gass

It's all about him.
We will never forget.  Long Live AMERICA

Couldn't commemorate 9/11 with a montage of 1000's of images of heroes from that day, had to make it about himself.
Exactly.
Its gross and disrespectful.
I had coffee come out my nose when he said he worked on "the pile" helping that day. With an ego his size we would have seen the photo ops.
#Physics Lets simplify this for u @POTUS #WTC7 free~falls thru 40,000 tons of structural steel designed 2 lift 5x its load in 6.5 secs.WE NEVER WILL FORGET that #BushDiD911 #CIA #Saudis #MOSSAD and you know all about it You & ya crooked mate  "Lucky #LarrySilverstein" .!!
Except from point of initial collapse, WTC7 did not fall in free fall speed. You must factor in when East Mechanical Penthouse began collapse.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR CARING, AND WE BACK YOU ON PROTECTING OUR COUNTRY FROM ANOTHER 9/11.WE BACK YOU ON IMMIGRATION SCREENING. 
THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE YRS. AGO.
I’m totally agree with you yes


If the United States put God first then he shall bless us in a mighty way
Hey Traitor @realDonaldTrump, you're doing it wrong. Here's how a legitimate president does it. #DieInJailTrump #SAD
We remember everyone we lost on 9/11 and honor all who defend our country and our ideals. No act of terror will ever change who we are.
There is no god, unless it's a vengeful evil judgemental god.
And, of course, Trump is the main focal point in just about every frame.
My President..
As we remember #911Day this is the day when @realDonaldTrump #trump claims he heard #Muslims cheering #lies http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/nov/22/donald-trump/fact-checking-trumps-claim-thousands-new-jersey-ch/ … …
Actually there were reports and videos as well as some rejoicing on that day and the weeks to follow...FACT viewed and experienced!!!
Amen
The #USera=#THEusERA >)
@PressSec @VP
We can never forget what they did to this country!!!!
Sentiment repeated, here!

#MAGA 
#NeverForget
Nice ;)
You bragged about owning the tallest building in Lower Manhattan after the towers came down.
You called the Freedom Tower a "pile of junk." (Also, the White House "a dump," but that's another story.)
Remember insulting your opponents as "losers" on "this special date?"
Slow day at my office.
Public assistance line a bit to long?
Still the truth has not been revealed..........!
I'm sure YOUR God will Bless America as much as he blesses Russia...or any other country for that matter!
Beautiful ceremony Mr. @POTUS
By getting you the hell out of our house would be a terrific start
he blessed us with 2 consecutive category 4 hurricanes

I'll never forget those who lost their lives that day, including 1st responders & all of those who lost loved ones; I'm sure tht their loss
Is magnified as it's shared by the entire nation. Someone else I think about today though, is Christina-Taylor Green, the little girl born
On this day, in 2001 and who was killed on the day of the attempt on Gabbie Giffords life. I think of the fact that we can't get mandatory
Background checks for gun purchases. Just lots of "prayers." And, after two (2) major fucking storms in less than a month, neither you nor
Anyone in your administration has mentioned the words CLIMATE CHANGE. But hey, the National guard has "improved its brand." WTF?!
You can genuflect a little lower to Saudi Arabia and its 9/11 terrorists than your tweet here suggests. #DoBetter
Nice one Sarah!!
Amen mr. president
Indeed.  May God Bless America through your impeachment, Comrade.
And remove a president who flys in the face of God

When did you get so religious?
And of course you made a campaign ad it off this. Of course. Good bless my country...
9/11 isn't about insecure you. It's about those we lost, those who risked their lives& survivors. You're so out of touch #nevertrump #Resist
The greatest country on earth.
That would require impeaching you.
America is the greatest country on earth, however right now we are having some issues.
Those issues revolve around the traitor we have running the country
Or at least he thinks he's running the country.
What happens if god does not bless forever the united states of america?

Holy shit I thought you were bad but then I realized your media team is also a bunch of idiots
September 11th, 2016
Hillary Clinton Meat Wagon Shuffle
#NeverForget

come on mike what did clown trump do to help 9/11 families? So me!
What did you do with the$150,00.00 you received in compensation. Wonderful loophole for thieves like you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVpSBUgbxBU … the day we forgot Rumsfeld just announced $2.3 Trillion missing from Pentagon a day prior. #NeverForget911
Ameen

This would be the same God that told the attackers to defeat the great Infidel?
It is reliance on imaginary entities, and especially on their morally repugnant teachings, that causes things like 9/11.
9/11/2012 -- Trump memorializes 9/11 by tweeting his white supremacy racist garbage:
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
I try to forget that u r temporarily in the WH.

May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911
Shut Up #Trump!
Beautiful Ceremony. God Bless the United States of America!!
“We mourn them, we honor them and we pledge to never, ever forget them.” -@realDonaldTrump #September11 #NeverForget
Never forget those that lost their lives on 9/11. Evil exists and the United States will always defeat it.
The American Spirit is a light for the world. We always will always come together as a unifying voice and defeat all our enemies.
Time is now for unification. USA already great. We know who we are. Truth Justice and the American Way.
God bless and keep you and your family safe Mr President  Happy Thanksgiving...
Didn't realize @realDonaldTrump was a 1st responder. MUST be why this video is all about him.
What is this video montage about?? Like actually Donald I'm unsure. Just seems to be about you?? Wait were you a first responder to the 9/11 attacks?? NOPE!!!
Thank you MR President for all you do for the American People. Looking forward to the tax cut and Cutting from Congress anyone that opposes it
#spotabot
Had we pushed for heavier checks and screening, 9/11 would not have happened.
Amen 
When a nation cannot rally together behind #NeverForget911 it’s sad. I was there that day @ WTC and witnessed  the best in #Americans. Amen

It will start when you are impeached
Grow up
Why wasn't Clinton called a racist when she actually wanted to get rid of #DACA as well as Trump wants.? Pathetic!
She wanted Congress to act on a law,  not just Ditch it.  Read everything before your ignorance comes out. Trump should've done it that way.
Isn't that what he wants as well?
No he wants them inn the other side of the wall regardless.
If that was the case he wld have just rescinded it. He did not. He passed it to Congress.Also he was abt to b sued so had to make a decision
So 1 lawsuit makes a decision,  and more than 20 makes him double down. Class actin didn't make him settle Trump U, or 20+ change his mind?
He was going to be sued certain States. DACA was unconstitutional-which it was-so he had to make a decision. Now congress can make a law.
He still could've handled all this different.
his taxes were being audited.............
You've now moved past narcissism to megalomania. Congrats on making a 9/11 memorial video featuring only yourself. Now go fellate yourself.
Is it ever not about you?
How does this stupid vanity video honor the victims and responders? You owe them an apology for this crap.
Why are you in every bloody shot? Show some respect for people that actually did things other than hallucinate parties on rooftops.
what does pictures of you have to do with 9/11?  You weren't there, you didn't help then and you aren't doing anything now either.  #sad
Never forget the most egotistical disastrous President of the USA.  Let's remember never to make this mistake again.
Thank God Obama is gone.  Worst President this country ever had. TRAITOR.
Obama was great! Trump is an absolute stupid idiot! He shouldn't be allowed anywhere near nuclear weapons! He will get us all killed!
Only your God?  You seem to think what you believe we all should. WRONG!
This isn't a memorial video, it's a commercial.

Never forget...that it's all, always, about @realDonaldTrump apparently.
You are clueless.

The Only Votes you loose by deportation are those that Didn't vote for you in the last election anyway...think about it . MAGA
This is the most offensive and self centered post ive ever seen
First class Ass! Way to go, big guy. 
Maybe to respect the fallen, more of THEIR faces should be in this vid instead of yours.
Played without sound, this looks like a bad drama pilot on fox
#NeverForgetTheEmergencyFundsYouPilferedWhenYourBuildingWasntEvenTouched #NeverForgetTheLiesYouToldAbtMuslims #NeverForget5DraftDeferments 
Why is this all about you?
Narcissism at its very best.  Only shots of DT.
Awesome President
But these are all shots of YOU.  Is this really a 9/11 memorial or a big campaign ad?  Have you no grace or class?  Unbelievable.
When you said I kinda wished americans to forget 9/11
if Goebbels had had a video camera....
I didn't know 9/11 remembrance was about fat draft dodgers.
9/11 is NOT about YOU, but you made this video all about you...sad.
This is an insult to those lost and other heroes of that fateful day. You are an insult
Why are YOU even in this. 9/11 wasn't about YOU.
The whole video is of him.
What the fuck did any of that have to do about 9/11?
It was an ad for Drumph!?
This blatant narcissism is tacky and so are you, @realDonaldTrump You must hate America.
Every single one of these pictures was of you. There was nothing to signify any of the victims of 9-11.
@alectricslide what the fux.
As you force millions of citizen's healthcare premiums to soar; you are the worst President in History!
A no good MFer
Your video tribute to 9/11 is only shots of you.  Where are the first respondents? Victims? maybe we should never forget you're a narcissist
Nice video about yourself.
Why is a video that's supposed to be about remembering 9/11 just a bunch of shots of you? Your ego is as fragile as a 2 year old's.
Is this supposed to be a #NeverForget911 video or #RipAmericaJanuary20 video?
Like God blessed it on 9/11
No!
Although your WH has predominantly spent 8 months on personal PR, 9/11 is not a branding opportunity for you. Hands off.
Yep, we'll #NeverForget that YOU are one of the biggest tragedies ever to touch our democracy.
God does not do that can not talk for him. OK. No.   Learn protocol
Is this a joke?? What a disrespectful creep we have in the White House.
It's about time you got your ass off Twitter, and did something positive for the country. #narcissism
Such a fat toad.#ugh

Bone spurs huh?
I think you've accidentally said United States of America when you meant 'Me'. You're the focus here!!
You are so self centered.
These are shots of you. No first responders. No survivors. No memorials. Just you.  #Disrespectful #Narcissist
Never forget what? 9/11 or that you are POTUS? I'll never forget either. I remember where I was when both occurred, and wept in sorrow.
From the man that pocketed a nice insurance payment, fraudulently of course...Art of the Deal you say? And 17 mil for nonexistent damage? 
Never forget Donald Trump is how this appears
I get an incredible joy out of reporting all of your despicable tweets. How dare you make that day about just you.
#NeverForgetNov8th2016. An even worse tragedy.
Dude. Wow. Just wow.
that last image with the #US Flag and #Trump's blond wig is hilarious
A video of trump.  Disgusting display of "honoring" the victims of 9/11
I'm sorry are we trying to remember Donald Trump being president or 9/11?
Lol... did you just.... did you really just make 9/11 all about you? I couldn't be anymore amused right now.
We are 100% for Trump.....thanks for making America great again!!!!  Thanks for all you do!!!!!

So, was Trump helping pull out bodies from the collapsed Twin Towers on 9/11?  How about the Pentagon?  Why is this all about him?  #Jerk
I agree with you President Trump,  "In God we trust." Thank for being our President. Jolene
This is all about you.where are the actual heroes or those affected? This video is appalling.
So we're supposed to #NeverForget  9/11 by viewing a video of our dumb ass president. It's not about you @realDonaldTrump
Way to make this all about you

If there were no words I would have no idea this was a 911 tribute. Its just you and flags.
This was just about you. It was like a campaign ad in a moment when it shouldn't have been.
It's nice to take the camera off you every now and then. Because, you know, it's not always about you.
wtf did I just watch? It's just you over and over l
Amen
This is disgusting.
It's hard to believe how many immature people are still upset and crying like babies over their lost election. Keep it up Trump, much love!!
Still yet again its not all about you....duh
You.are.reprehensible.
What does this video have to do with 9/11? Where are the firefighters, police, emt, all first responders?
You have no shame. Narcissist much?
whose god is that ?
Images of you - yup
Images of victims,  first responders, military, volunteers, a nation united against hate - nope
#E40Choices
We had lots of issues under Obama...too many to count in his nontransparent government that was robbing us.blind
This is a video of YOU, you narcissist. #ImpeachTrump
Never forget that @potus is so vain he makes himself the focus of a 9/11 memorial vt.

Zero class, zero gravitas, zero humility

#Impeach45
You are such a narcissistic douchebag.
Something or someone has to save us from you! #WorstPresidentEver #ImpeachTrump #LyingCon #LyingFraud #SerialLiar #DumpTrump
Who produced this and PAID FOR THIS??? Please don't say one dime of taxpayer money went into this Trump fantasy film
U R PATHETIC U RACIST TRAITOR


What's the point of this? #crookedDonald
how can I make a 9/11 tribute video all about me?
That all depends how you look at the video. When I see ANY video of 9/11 I am brought back to that day....
where are the images of first responders and firefighters? that's who I think of on 9/11, not the Don
I don't dispute that. I try to look beyond "The Don".....
Aww that's cute!! Getting the photo album 2gether...or vacation pics...U kinda gotta @WorkItGirlfrand
Is this a campaign commercial? Shows nothing of 9/11 or survivors - just you. What is it that you won't forget it you can't even show it?

Why do you make everything  about yourself ....thats why you will never be my president #selfish#lookatmeeverybody
This is giant circle-jerk.
