
He should apologize for a THOUSAND things! But he's too big an ass!
True Dat!
Lololol!!!!! 
I'm sorry you were ever elected.
You spelled "born" wrong!
On behalf of the world, I apologize that you grew up thinking loudness = strength, argumentativeness = intelligence & money = class.
The American people are due an apology from you for trashing us in the world's opinion. Thanks for making America a laughing stock. Bozo!
After you apologize for lies 
crowd size
illegal voters
wire taps
comey tapes
no debt
michael flynn
tax returns
medicaid
emuloments
You have completely lost it.  Go back to New York.
New York doesn't want him! Try Mother Russia, they'll gladly take him! Vladi needs a lapdog! @enhawaii
#SUKA Taddeo Uher Schiller Mogilevich Slater Firtash Caldwell Moore Epstein Kushner Bayrock Cohen Oronov Taiwanchik Ivankov Rybolovlev
Lauria Arif Sapir Pinchuk Flynn Manafort Epshteyn Mangushev Zorin Fridman Stone Steinmetz
He should be given more that..I'm thinking resignations. Enough already, let the Potus do his job
1 Agreed. However being the fact that POTUS is the Target of these heinous acts against our government the choice Is his self evident right
2 victims rights must entail the right of the victim to determine what level they are victimized #Declarationism  #Constitutionalism
3 by #NaturalLaw victims self-evidently have the right to determine how much they have been victimized buy their own conscience. POTUS or no
4 for this reason we are a republic and not a democracy otherwise we have lynch mobs left and right, we do in some forms, via democracy 
5 Rather the get tough on crime attitude or the soft on crime attitude Justice cannot be politicized. Puritan Law is the Gold Standard
6 I say this because I need to hear it too. Like you I too have the urge to just Lynch these people but that is not the proper American way
7 Integrity demands that we enforce the law even against our own individual perception; true test of integrity weighing the law against self
You're an embarrassment to our country. The #truth about your relationship w/Russia will be out soon.
The truth is already out. It's over
I'm not sure I understand what you mean by that.
The Russians. It was fake
Oh. Wait. You were serious. You were serious? About the whole hacking plot? The one that's confirmed by every major US agency we have? 
Obama should have dealt with that I guess. He didn't though. He was too busy ignoring riots and cop killings
Here it goes. Let's blame the last guy. Can I ask an honest question? If he were to be impeached, would you still support him?
Not sure. The last guy was in office when this hacking allegedly went down.. right?  Am I wrong about that?  Get over it

I'm sorry. Now go fuck yourself.
Thank you mate. I tried to say this to him but it seems his cronies have blocked me. Haha Trump is a giant fanny!!!
Donald Trump is a liar and a traitor and should be in jail. At the very least he is mentally unbalanced.
We're sorry you are so insecure you have to display a fake Time magazine cover of yourself.
NARCISSISTIC PERSONALITY DISORDER
I apologize I didn't vote for you. If I had it to do over again I wouldn't vote for you then either.
The only apology that applies to you Donald is I'm sorry that you were born! What in the world did your parents do to have a son like you?
remember his dad discriminated against black people in his real estate,it may be an apple not falling too far from the tree kind of thing
n fact now that i think about it this particular apple tuk root right underneath th tree & grew jack & th been-stock type replica of th tree

Ok, I'm sorry you and your T people have no class.
#TrumpTweets #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ObstructionOfJustice  #Impeach45 #TrumpTapes #Treason
The investigation isn't over yet... your word is not good enough. The hedious way you campaigned on hate reatric is why I didn't vote for u.
Tape you imply you have! Instead of the @real Donald Trump, you should be @ Fake President!
Hey Trumpledipshit. Just because you say "there is no collusion" doesn't make it true. But, hey, nice try!! #TrumpRussia #resist #MAGA
The people of the US should be given an apology for your continual blame shifting and general disrespect of others.
You had no tapes of Comey.
You had no tapes of Comey.
You had no tapes of Comey.
Come to the courthouse on Monday and you'll be given what's due to you!
Signed, R. Mueller
You'll get that "apology" in prison but here's an adv copy "Dear traitor, We apologize it took so long to lock you up. 
Sincerely, America
Your supporters know. CNN will never apologize.
Yes Agree but have you ever considered the option of a lawsuit and create their apology for them...? Like Sara P......
Yes and Obama should be the one to do it. It was his Colluding with Russia not Donald Trump or his people. He knew about it before Election!
You should be given jail time !
I'm sorry you're President. There. Feel better?

I'm sorry the electoral college still exists.
Lol .....just because you say so ...doesn't work that way
You're a boring senile fool. With tiny hands. And ridiculous hair. And a woman got 3 million more votes than you. PS Still hate you.
I'm sorry... sorry that so many idiots voted for you!
All the Demarcates that knew this was a fake News but like CNN that's all We heard ! Folks not only CNN But Demarcates are Fake too!!
The only apology needed is yours. You colluded when you asked Russia for help, and you do need plastic surgery and a nest hairdresser
People think I Mexico that you use the following
Fibers from corn to glue on your scalp, please get a new hairdresser...
You know who deserves an apology? @BarackObama for you LIES, of "tapping" and "birther" BS. YOU ARE FAKE NEWS & #LiarInCheif! #ImpeachTrump
Please just resign. You have no idea what Mueller has. And it's driving you nuts. Best to just flee to Russia now while you still can.
I would rather he lies like crazy in the deposition thinking he can outsmart Mueller.
Tweet away, we LOVE it!
Yes! Keep tweeting!!!
You trumpilina will go to jail and be disgraced for the liar and Russian conspirator that you are. You can lie all you want. Going down!
c.  Wake up snowflake
how does it feel to be the biggest joke globally in the history of politics since the beginning of recorded history?
It's been "fun" seeing you and your family implode. Nice legacy to leave your 3 wives and kids.
All politicians hate investigations. All cry "political motivation." Democrat, republican, socialist, whig. Oldest & lamest play in the book https://twitter.com/mkraju/status/879841590013034496 …
When did he implode? He is doing a mighty fine job. Turn off the fake news boy.
Mighty fine!  Trump contradicts his own policies, praises Putin for sanctions against USA and claims Putin can fire @StateDept employees
And his ego is so fragile he feels the need to boast about our nuclear warheads over twitter.  Trump is unfit for any public service role.
YOU owe all the people of the United States an apology for your continuing to fail to exhibit respectable leadership.
.@realDonaldTrump There is evidence of collusion with Russia now.  @SenateGOP @congressdotgov Impeach trump. http://amp.nationalreview.com/article/449376/donald-trump-jr-e-mails-proof-trump-campaign-attempted-collusion-russia …
They now have statement from Jr. Saying he colluded with the Russian government. So...
How arrogant can a person be???
You should be given your walking papers and go back to real estate. You're an embarrassment to the United States and a danger to peace.
I for one am thrilled that you either have really shitty attorneys or completely fail to listen to advice of counsel
You don't understand how to use quotation marks, & you don't understand how to be an adult human being. Get a KFC bucket, & call it a day.
Absolutely but don't expect one from criminals
I apologize that you are President and act like a spoiled teenage boy.
100% sure you don't know what colluding means
Your apology should be a full spread on the front page of WaPo and NYT and the leading story on every main stream media station!
Sad but true. The Donald can't get it up.
.@realDonaldTrump You should be given a mental status exam and a strait jacket.
First, you give apologies to everyone you have cheated, lied to, lied about, insulted and falsely accused. Do that. #PresidentTwitter.

Dude, you're insane. #PresidentLoco #UnfitForOffice #Obstruction #Treason #TrumpRussia #PutinPuppet #HRCWonPopularVote
Honestly, brother, they should be made to KISS YOUR NAKED ASS IN MACY'S WINDOW 
The #MSM owe the American people an apology as well for destroying the press! No trust for them for a 100 years!!
You want an apology? Ok. We're sorry. We're sorry you're so weird.
When you're  in prison, you can apologize to our country.
didn't you bring up the "tapes" in the first place????
You don't know what "they have," Donnie. They don't tell you what they have. That's not how this works. It's not how any of this works.
That doesn't mean there's no collusion or obstruction. You are far from being cleared of wrongdoing. And you need to be apologizing to US
@AndreasOpinions you want an apology? On behalf of the majority of the American people I'm very sorry that you are president of the US!

My question,why did you start this lie?Comey never brought up tapes.We need 2 trust our Pres.America is watching  you sir.
Apologizes to all

You should have began ROTTING IN JAIL FOR LIFE,
6 months ago

#trumpIsPutinsRussianSoldier

#Mogilovich #Sater #Deripaska #Prikhodko #putin

Cc @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @WhiteHouse @DevinNunes @ChuckGrassley @LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @FBIWFO
You just keep telling yourself that Donnie Two Scoops.  #muellertime
Well then. You should stop tweeting like you're incredibly guilty!

You should WELCOME the investigation.

It will prove you're innocent as you say you are!

You should let the process happen. Let Mueller do his job!

It sounds like he's your ticket to liberation.
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I ...
Is this really the POTUS? 
Nobody played my games at my party! 
The whole World needs a massive apology from Trump for being immature.
You should be given a straight jacked and a padded cell. ENOUGH ALREADY, WE ARE FED UP WITH YOUR RANTINGS! Get off Twitter, for God's sake.
U owe the Amer ppl an apology 4 F*CKG up this country turng us in2 a laffg stock of the world. U started this, its ur fault
I can't wait till your entire Twitter feed becomes part of the historic record of your treason.
One Would Think ur Campaign for Presidency was directed more at Obama ,Oppose to Hillary !
You're an illegitimate pres put in ofc by Russians to completely break down infrastructure so they'll seem like godsend when they take over.
I'm sorry you thought you could keep lying to the American People.
I've never felt so disappointed in my country as I am now w/all the foolishness the left is engaging inY'all lost!Get the f over it!smh
Just your sons emails...
But are there tapes of you being peed on?
It Would Only Be A Fake 1
Yes you should after this 7 month witch hunt.
ummm, lemme think ... nahhh.... Ugive me an apology for forcinf me to leave my home for ur golf course! JUST DO IT Say it
You're supposed to be hard at work at this time, remember?  #NiceTryTrump
You will be vindicated Mr. President by God Himself!
Quit being a whiner!
You should apologize to the American people for your unPresidential behavior. You disgrace the highest position in the world.
FU!
You doing a good job need to put something in for the seniors we are hurting on social security please a raise
Apology for what!!!!!!!  You need to apologize to him for about his birth certificate!!!!!  Your a fool
You need to impeached
What you need to be given is a fresh diaper, a binkey and to be put down for a nap.
Where is your apology for all the  Fake News (or "Alternative facts")  you spread?
You should be given a resignation!!!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry you colluded with Russia to get elected. I'm sorry that you are destroying our nation!
Paranoia strikes deep. Into your life it will creep. It starts when you're always afraid... YOU SHOULD be afraid. Desperation setting in.
No, you need to apologize to the American people for the destruction you have caused in this country since your swearing in.
to move on to more important issues.
Sekulow must be prosecuted for stealing millions from the poor.  His nonprofits are casting a huge shadow on your presidency. Dirty
I say use
True. We need a Man to stand up to the tantrums of the statist
We'll wait for the official verdict, if you don't mind.
You deserve more than that Mr President!! We love you! Stay strong! Fire Muller! Get AG Sessions to arrest Lynch, Hillary, Comey and Obama!
Donald, I apologize. I am sorry you are President. I am sorry there are bigoted people attracted to you. I am sorry you are a complete liar.
You should be given an enema.  Get you back under 330#'s.  You're looking rather whalish. Avoid polo shirts on golf course w/o sports bra.
A HUGE apology, and an apology to the American Taxpayers, paying for this fake investigation. They sure learned a lot about POTUS business!
it is all a host.
You should be given the boot! You are the most ignorant, asinine, self-serving, buffoon to ever hold the office.
The World Knows Who is Using Chemical Weapons #Trump #USA #CNN & it's not #Assad #Putin #Iran in #Syria #Iraq
You should be given a pink slip.
Ok we are all very sorry that you are president.
You should be given handcuffs.  Then YOU should apologize for making this nation the laughing stock of the world.
The truth: you don't read. You don't know any thing and no one can believe you. That's the God's honest truth.
What about the video of you with the Russian ambassador?  Your lawyer should ask for a copy.  You're so screwed.
Thank u for your strength Mr. Trump. Only you could withstand this onslaught.
OK,I'm sorry U "R" president and have made the USA the laughing stock of the world outside of your motherland RUSSIA. LYING PUTIN's PUPPPET
Let it go, you are such a petty, little man. Do something good, if your able. Otherwise, just go! You are ruining the US!
Will you apologize to we the people for your newspaper page full of lies, printed in tiny hands font in your honor?
Where's the fake #ComeyTapes Mr. Fake President?
Have patience America. This lard ass won't be in office long. I predict a stroke or heart attack when he learns he can't buy his was out.
They need to do more than just apologize
I'm sorry. That you're president.
Like the one you gave to @BarackObama as you spent years propagating a lie about his citizenship? Or like the one you owe @HillaryClinton?
Investigation not over yet Donald.  Just be patient.  It'll be bigger than Watergate.
Don't hold your breath...on second thought...go ahead..do us a favour...hold your breath
No!! No!! No!! You owe ME an apology for Birther BS and day after day of constant LIES!! WE have the most disgusting human being as POTUS!!
Investigation in beginning stages so we we'll see what shakes out. U always want apologies, how about you make a few. I can think of dozens.
@realDonaldTrump sounds like every guilty person everywhere
U don't have me on tape
You can't PROVE IT
It's fake, never happened, dint do it
What ever you say, you still not a good person or a good President deal with it. People hates you period.
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people  colluding.There is no collusion & no obstruction. I should be given apology!
. @realDonaldTrump You should be begging for leniency. You are a traitor to America. It will be proven and you will pay for your treachery.
SUE the lieing, false cable satans, the Politicians that have misled America. They need to punished where it hurts- pockets. Stole frm us
Nobody owes you a damn thing. But you sure owe us your taxes!
May future historians refer to you as the "dipshit whose idiocy & draconian policies led to revolution" #TheResistance #Indivisible
Triggered 
You owe the American people an apology for making us the laughingstock of the world. You and yours are making us a nation of idiots.
You're a big boy, get over it
what tapes? revealing a bit of intelligence aren't you? Carter Page tapes? WaPo have them and it will all come out now.
That's not what the intelligence community says Donny. Five eyes are all pretty confident that you colluded. #treasonweasel #TraitorTrump
Apologize ....Not in this lifetime.  #Fake45 #TrumpFamilyGrifters
You should be given the Apollo hook and snatched by a butterfly net. Then tossed in a padded jail cell, you lying gross demon from hell.
You spelled indictment wrong.
So, wait...you should be given an apology from Obama about him doing nothing about the collusion and obstruction that didn't happen?
This is the 2nd,
I dont hate you but pls accept it from me that you R just like a biG little kid who want to do something wrong unlike the
And the 3rd unlike the right population,go back to the cage you KNOW WHAT TO DO
No there are no tapes, there is no collusion, sorry little Trump, everything is okay. Close your little eyes and have a nap
A really long nap. A nap so long it is no longer classed as a nap. In fact a long sleep. Give us all a break from you.
Stop being the baby you are. "I should be given apology!" I know many people, who you need to apologize to. Start doing that, we'll consider
Never for either one
There is no way your people didn't collude and no way you didn't obstruct justice .... justice will prevail and you also blackmailed people
Why the insult ?
Here's an apology: I'm sorry I allow  my disgust of you to cause me such anxiety. #ResignTraitor
