What a great pleasure to speak with our President @realDonaldTrump. Thank you for your phone call, your support and your prayers. #LVMPD 
Shame !!!
You are such an embarassment!!!!!
Are you going to do anything about the 32000 gun deaths each year. Ban yourselfs from air travel to the civilised world maybe? Man up Donald
Speaking ABOUT Vegas let's discuss the importance of no assault weapons this was the worse eye opener yet and I don't want to see another
Thank you president Trump we love U

go eat a dick.
President Trump's heroic response to disasters has been not only life-saving in many cases, but also inspiring
President Trump puts #AmericaFirst, not politics
President Trump showed the people of Puerto Rico exactly why he won in a landslide in November -- His leadership is second to none!

Yeah man

Hey they are glad you're leaving
Telling them they are breaking the budget
Not lifting the prohibition to use SNAP to get hot food
I just realized
Your brand of EVIL makes the Las Vegas shooter look like a freaking Saint
Your PR death toll will be in the tens of thousands, his was 60
Yeah your the most EVIL person in this or any other Universe
You shamed us again
I hope you saw the sign the lady held up telling you that you are a "Bad Hombre".
Thoughts and prayers don't solve the problem, the @NRA is the problem and they have you bought and paid for.
Libtardistan is waiting for you to move there.
Did Puerto Rico hold a going away party for you?
Prayers don't help prevent events like what happened in Vegas yesterday. Gun Control may help.
I hear you had quite the inspiring speech today!
Did you ever think that maybe you should stick to scripted speeches so you can stop offending people?

Under your leadership we will find our way!!!
God Bless President Trump
Thank u Mr. President!!! God Bless and may he send his angels to protect you and your family!
The greatest President in history! Thank you for your love of America

THANK YOU TRUMP.
Thank you Robert Mueller
NRA blood money is in your pocket.
Just keep going west until you get to your home country of Russia and stay there! Your comments today were embarrassing. Such a word smith.
Thank you sir! Safe travels. You've done more in your first half of time than any other president I can remember in my lifetime!
Did you enjoy mocking Americans today with paper towel, and you inconsiderate words about Katriana, oh and how they ruined the budget
Sad liberals think that restricting guns will protect them! It only takes away the rights of law abiding citizens!

Poor little Orange snowflake didn't have the guts to thank the Mayor of San Juan. Too much woman for you since you like the submissive ones
Please go away
Just go back to NYC you have done enough damage
Words to flight crew as he got on the plane:   Lets get out of here.  I need some fresh water.
Created a distraction dental & gambling habits casinoemployment practices breach immigration law violations!Unlicensed healthcare©®™iud
Go mr president! We support you

Pfft.  Like you pray.
That was quick

Nobody gives a crap about your thoughts and prayers. Do something about gun control, you have the power to stop this madness! Just do it!
Wow! How long did you stay?
Long enough to insult them by saying #HurricaneMaria wasn’t a “real catastrophe like Katrina!” What an insensitive moronic buffoon!
Trump doesn’t realize that #PuertoRico having “only 16 deaths” has NOTHING to do with the “fantastic job” the govt has done AFTER the fact!
Trump took 2 weeks to show up, stay for an hour, insult them, brag about the “great job” he’s done, and make light of the people that died.
He stayed long enough, apparently, to pass out paper towels like a cheerleader.
& long enough to say "flashlights. you don't need 'em anymore" before taking someone's flashlight… 95% of the island is still without power.
They have had failing infrastructure for years. Do you think lineman can drive their trucks to PR.  Get real and pray that God forgives you
God forgives most folk. Let's hope he forgives Pharisees. His son Jesus had a few things to say about them. Makes me wonder.
How did you get to PR? I heard it was in the middle of a big ocean. <sarcasm>
Why don't you just leave America.
You are an embarrassment to us all
Thank you! #MAGA
We ARE with you #PuertoRico

Be safe! We need you to answer to your TREASON
You must be referring to this guy
Really trump, do you even know how to pray?
Don't think I would want you to pray for me!
Did you show them the big shiny golf trophy you dedicated to them? That will make everything better.
how's that loan buyout going for you?
Maybe while there you can hunt down a chupacabra? Bring your tweedletrump sons with you. Charter a boat. Go real, real far. Don't stop.
Why isn't president trump being investigated about sexual harassment toward women. 
He's on tape saying that you could grab thier PUSSY'S and they like it cuz we're celebrities.


Ha a phone call 
Love your heart! #DT
Billoreilly
Bot
19 year olds who know nothing about the white supremacist they're promoting (while black) are bots
I'm not sure why your ignorant feelings toward Trump would affect @TezNyc sleep. He trying to tell you something listen!
Very fine people, on both sides!
We know he inherited a lot of money. We don't know that he made a lot of money. I know! Let's see the tax returns!
Remember when Maddow released his taxes?  BREAKING story!  MUST SEE.  Oh wait he paid his fair share.  #fail 
We didn't see that he had profits. We saw he only paid AMT, which he wants to abolish. Let's see ALL the 1099's AND supporting schedules.
You don't think a guy that deals with hundreds of millions gets audited EVERY year? Ur not too bright.
Of course he gets audited. I want to see the tax returns.
None of your business. If he didn't pay his fair share he would be in jail. Get over it.
Thoughts and prayers won’t stop the next madman with an assault rifle.
We overwhelmingly want common sense gun reform NOW!
#TrumpIsAMoron
God bless mr President plz don’t back down
#StopNRA
Embarrassing display of empathy.
Who played for your flight, US!
Do you really pray and think!! a person that does not have sentiments cannot pray and a person that just say anything cannot think!!
Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. Until someone distracts me.
PRECISELY how many "prayers"?
Thank you Mr. President for being such a great man and a great leader.( Donald Trump the Great)
Trump has no morals! Throwing paper towels to the people. Self-congratulating for a "great job" he had done

@realDonaldTrump Action, not useless thoughts or prayers saves lives. Leave the praying to Ministers and you do your job.
When did you start having actual thoughts?
Please, spare the memories of the murdered and the pain of the injured. Stay home.
U didn't stay long. Did you run out of things to throw at people who have nothing but the clothes on their back
Maybe he will throw paper towels in Vegas
Paying your respects ain't gonna do shit.
Blah. Blah. Blah. Has more meaning than your fake empathy. Save it.  blah blah blah.
Don't pray, work!
President Trump we love you!
Where are the wing-gremlins when you need them? Lightning strike? Sloppy and/or disgruntled airplane mechanics? We could get lucky....
Yep..but ur thoughts and prayers weren't with people with nothing in Puerto Rico! Ur actions showed that quite clearly!
Thoughts and prayers don't do shit, just more people dead. Try sensible legislation. And recognize WHITE TERRORISM. It's real.
GOD BLESS
What are you going to toss at the people of Las Vegas
Thoughts &prayers are insufficient, policy and change in gun control will better serve the American people, get off the tit of the NRA
You are a hero Joseph Lombardo
What happened? No 5 star hotels for you to stay at??
This tragedy makes building the wall even more important.  We need more security.  Expan the ban.
You insulted PR.. try to be a human in Vegas!

After throwing paper towels at the Puerto Rican’s, what are you going to throw at the people of Las Vegas? #uselesscunt
No one wants you here you giant fucking cunt. Get fucked.
Bullshit! You don't think & and we know you prey. Pray? Meh?
Since when does the Anti-christ pray? Trump can't name a church muchless pray in one. Sad.
And you will do nothing to make sure those 59 people did not die in vain because the NRA bought your orange ass for 33M in 2016.
@Sheriff_LVMPD how could you stand there and throw paper towels at people? How about treating them with dignity & respect?
Wonder why Orange Douchebag didn't bitch how much Harvey & Irma recovery was costing? 
Good work Mr President 
*dab*
To bad plane is still flying
GoTrump
He will do absolutely nothing about this but offer respects. The NRA funds him and the shooter was a white American. How many more?
The NRS gave you  $30 million; you should give that to the gun victims!
What will you do to prevent the next mass shooting Don? 

That was rhetorical. You'll do NOTHING and we all know it.
Get the TelePrompTer set up. You're gonna need it after the ad lib disaster in San Juan
Thank you Mr. President
And start the conversation on the gun problems in the US, probably not, sad

https://www.google.com/amp/nypost.com/2017/10/03/mueller-taps-expert-to-investigate-trumps-pardoning-power/amp/ … #MuellerIsComing for u @realDonaldTrump and your alien spawn too. Have fun in prison. @MikePenceVP is foing down too
You pray? To whom?
Pray for less pollution so the weather might improve and pray for better gun control... seriously, try it.
Prayers? How about #GunControl ?
President Donald John Trump please follow
Don't forget your TRUMP in 2020 T-Shirt cannon! BTW, you tore the retina of a one-eyed baby in Puerto Rico with a roll of paper towels. Ass.
If you want to bring a community more anxiety, feelings of hopelessness & anger, you simply send @POTUS & he'll take care of that #StayAway
Thoughts and prayers don't cut it asshole. Ban assault weapons.
Thank you for working so hard for the American people. If you ever need any help I'd be honored, Sir.
@GOP @dccc You don't think or pray so why do you suppose we believe you respect anything?
If you really wanted to show them respect, you would resign.
Hello, president, What’s the explanation of KwokMiles’s speech delay ?
Vegas doesn't need your bullshit! Stay home ASSHOLE!
Be sure to bring paper towels.
Ok !
#rexisright
Take your thoughts and prayers and shove it. Our firearm laws suck.
except the real victims, the only ones in your thoughts are billionaires and those kissing your rear
What will you do next to embarrass us?  We miss President Obama!

What about your "warmest condolences"? You are making Nixon look decent.
Do the USA a favor and keep flying to The Arctic Circle and stay there!
FAKE TEAM LEADERS know not when to play the game changing HAIL MARY KICK; help me tell @SpeakerRyan INRI FAIR RETRIAL NOW to win DDay.

Oh sweet Jesus, I sure hope his babysitters don't allow him to speak directly to victims & grieving family members. He will screw up badly.

You only think of yourself and you know it.

You are doing a great job.
God Bless and Prayers are with you
Really a shame a killing has to distract nation's attention from other problems, but this always seems to happen--murderers get attention.
Prayers from you are like Hugh Hefner saying to St. Peter, "But freedom of speech, am I right?" And getting in...because purgatory, right?
Do something about this other than pray for the victims. Get shit done like a president is supposed to
Does anyone believe that anyone is in Trumps prayers besides himself, Ivanka and maybe the rest of his family??
Death toll doubled while you were there tossing paper towels like dog treats. YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT #donTheCON
You should just stay home. You blew it in PR. The LV victims don't need to hear you run your mouth & make a tragic situation even worse.
@Sheriff_LVMPD Welcome back to the UNITED STATES Sir...
Resign. You are totaly incompetent.
This is what a real president looks like Barry and nonpres Hillary.
Your country needs more than prayers! Action on weapon ownership is what is needed. This is really how you could make your mark.
If only you could find a conscience while you're tweeting.
To ALL the people of Puerto Rico, I am so sorry for how D J Trump treated you and Please don't think all of us feel as he does. God be w/us.
Everybody is quick with the thoughts n prayer thing.but the remedy never gets through the door

Are you gonna throw gauze and blankets?
Try not to make it all about you
Fear the government official who fears his constituants owning a firearm. Read up on Hitler or Stalin. Gun laws never work out.
Hope that there are no more shooters there waiting for you

Mr. President, you and people of Las Vegas will be in my prayers all day.  Think about national day of prayer w/ churches open also.
Maybe throw some wet-wipes this time.  You know, for all the blood and stuff.
Surprised you got there so quick! You know Puerto Rico is an island and very hard to reach!
Will you repeat this in Las Vegas?
God Bless you all in Las Vegas our prayers are with you 
Normally I would tell you to take some legislative action regarding Las Vegas but we've all seen your prowess at failing so...
God speed Mr. President!
I heard was Puerto Rican fathers right when daughter came of age his right too pop cherry
Stop praying start doing.
He's a good, smart man, I can tell by listening to his pressers.
