Thanks, Obama!
Yeah thanks Obama 
Interesting. The debt increased 190% under Reagan. It increased about 70% under Obama. Last I checked 190 was significantly larger than 70.
You're confusing them with all of your math and correctly spelled words.
Regan left us with a massive military, Obama decreased it and doubled our debt http://m.washingtontimes.com/ 
I realize you support Trump and, therefore, can't really be expected to understand very much, but...
Being condescending won't win anyone over. I like the fact that you're actually stating figs tho. All u need to do now is back them up!
Also your source is outdated by 2 years.
He has done some things. Let's see what the future holds with them.
Sorry but can we get rid of Republicans to. Let's start a new party. The Realists.
Alright then. Put your money where your mouth is. Prove this tweet wrong.
Six months in you're still violating the constitution for personal profit, and coasting on Obama's economy.
Obama never improved the economy. He spewed hate and racism
WHAT?! Look i get that you hate obama because the reps told you to, but the only hatred & racism that was being spewed was towards HIM

MAGA = MoronsAreGullibleAsses
The failing Trump presidency will go down in history as the WORST time in America b/c of an empty, stupid man who needed constant applause
Because growth doesn't mean physical money in people's pocket, it means the value of their holdings has increased.....
Besides...US 2017 population is at approx. 32 million.  Divide your 4 trillion by that and you have about $12-13 per person.
Did my taxes come down? Did my health insurance get cheaper and better? Did any infrastructure initiatives improve my quality of life?
BS!!
All that takes time. If the left would work WITH him, things would improve much faster.
When was the last, or actually first time Mr Trump reached out to the Democrats? Indeed. He is NOT representing us, citizens of the USA.
I don't know who is writing these tweets, but emojis are not appropriate for the President.
More appropriate?
Yes. The bull mar­ket has moved into its 9th year de­spite ris­ing geopolit­i­cal ten­sions and a pres­i­dency staggered by con­tro­versy.
Too bad the bottom is falling out of US dollar. At .86 Euro, USD is at 2-year low. USD value down 10% since President Trump entered office.
Thank God for sending us President Trump!
There's no such thing as god.
There is definitely a God. Without God life is empty and nothingness. It is a sad way to live:(
Prove it.
GOD will prove it to you Himself. Repent while you still have time. He cab end you at any second. Seriously!

Annnnd once again, thank you President Obama for leaving such a booming economy behind. It is Obamas economy until October credit grabber.
WINNING, keep it up President Trump @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall #FakeNews
You call this real news? It's a party political broadcast, a monologue, I expect North Korean news is very similar
Trump the Great Leader

Trump tells the MAGA-sheeple that a toilet full of cheerios is winning, and then they believe they are winning. 

This is how Trump wins.
Do you have dementia? It seems like you have dementia.
Pretty sure there are studies proving dementia is a symptom of dementia.


RT if you agree;   
Trump’s Sensitivity to Being Laughed at Should Alarm Everyone

It's nice that you recognize Obama's accomplishments. Thank you @BarackObama.
Thank you Barack Obama
Sad sad sad
So, what have you done with the $? Built bridges, fixed roads, started work on hi-speed rail, invested in the arts...anything?
obama gave you everything be greatful traitor puppet
Thanks to @POTUS action in these six months #America growth: #jobs and #business opportunities increase day after day #AmericaFirst #MAGA

How much of that $$ are you tapping into by using your personal business properties for state business?
Actually it was Obamas last 4 years that created this...now the market is riding the wave. Propelled by the hopes of UNFETTERED GREED
You mean making the wealthy, wealthier
It affected 401k and iras and anyone who else who cared to invest their hard earned money like me.
That is somewhat true but only to the extent those income vehicles invested in those companies.
How do you tweet so much when your hands are so tiny?
America is bankrupt and so are you.
4 trillion $ of 'paper' does not infact equal actual wealth.
look at yourself for example. Broke!
#Scaramucci with failed @Potus #Obama who doubled the deficit & @realDonaldTrump has doubled the #StockMarket
Counting down #ImpeachTrump
You are just so sick of him! 
lol...enjoy the weekend. 
If the Russia investigations are fake & there's no evidence, WHY would Trump worry about pardoning himself? #maga
CLI TON could never do this or would she already LOST 6 MILLION OR WAS IS BILLION $$$ no one charged her or did investigations Why #MAGA
I personally have received no additional funds. Maybe it's just your friends who are cashing in on this.
Have you ever thought that many of us don't care how much richer we get if our country loses its soul in the process? #resist
YAY TRUMP!
We middle class Americans are LIVID that @DHSgov @SpeakerRyan are bringing in 15K HB-2 Foreign workers for BLUE COLLAR JOBS.. #PISSEDOFF
@SpeakerRyan what's in it for you ?  U know the recipients of this visas have to pay $4,500 to qualify for this jobs #Traitor #Racket
WTF are you talking about?
You are a truly winner Mr. @POTUS Trump Train Army  the Whitehouse is open for business! !
Trump to Putin:  You, me... we go to toilet together... again?  #TraitorTrump in action at G20 dinner! #25thAmendment
Thanks Obama !
Bet it all goes to the richest of the rich. You fraud #ImpeachTrumpNow #RussiaGate
Wrong! Anyone with a 401k, an IRA, college savings, retirement savings or mutual funds benefits.
"People are moved by hopes and dreams." JohnEpps @ToPFacilitation People of Americas, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia, what are your dreams?
B-b-b-ut Russia!!!! Just kidding it's a shame some are too blind to see what you're doing, because they're blinded by idiocy
@POTUS @Varneyco  Great job on the stock market!!
6 months in, no promises or polices kept, plenty of golf played & insults thrown. Parked permanently on Twitter. What a massive loser.
6 months in and we learned just how crazy #SenileDonaldTrump really is. A complete batshit LOSER!
#MAGA #MadeInAmerica #RESIST #RUSSIAGATE
Trump's average approval rating 4 the 2nd quarter of 2017 was 38.8% ,lower than any other president during a comparable period in their term
We Believe in you & your TENACITY TO WORK SO HARD FOR GOD BLESS YOU
And the drastic policy shift to create jobs and opportunities!
Maga you're the boss they're fired!
That's not your doing dork. You have brought your Family to it's knees and these treasonous acts you have perpetrated will see you in jail..
This is what I call a fake news
Damn that's funny lie
Your not perfect Mr President but your pretty fucking awesome #MAGA
You're so funny! Did you make it for yourself, family and friends?
Go POTUS
FinCEN is looking into your criminal activités. And, you act like U R 4 years old with those emojis...
Please please please stop tweeting Mr President. U just add fuel to the fire of all the dems.
And the Dems what to add another 4 trillion to the deficit
Translation to the "poorly educated crowd " ~> My Family and i are exploiting you suckers while i feed you with BS you want to hear! #MAGA
You trolls getting paid well?
From someone that contradicts self in own bio.
Thanks Obama!!! Your keen foresight has given America the strength to weather the trump shit storm.
Growth? You're going to take healthcare from 32M Americans to give $1T to your "Americans", the uber-rich. Then cut SS, Mcare $1T taxcut.
Six months in and you still haven't got a clue how government works. This level of chaos cannot sustain itself much longer.
And the Socialist LIBTARDS are protesting Prez  Trump for making great strides to make America great again . What is Wrong with these idiots
The 15K Foreigners taking American Blue Collar middle class jobs is a slap in the face to your supporters.. A lot of unemployed US citizens
Who will be four trillion dollars richer?  Not the people who's healthcare you F'd.
Trump
Repeal OBAMACARE!
Long live @realDonaldTrump
Treat your AG with respect to keep your friends he is Sheraton man treat him better please!!!!!!!!
Taking credit for Obama's economy I see. You have done Nothing! You Suck!
Thank you President OBAMA!
Decreased regulation leading to economic growth. Who would've thought 
That like good work for country
Who is richer? You and your friends?  Not the People who are being fleeced by your agenda.
DONNIE as always you are telling us what you do...the amount of money YOU made....taking from us you are...
Let's make it great again
Thank you but the guys on the street corner want to know if they can have some back? They need to get health insurance.
Stuart is the most patriotic American Brit I know....
Did you see what Obama did when he got a stock market on its knees! Where was it on your day 1? Your still in his shadow!
6 mo's in and all that 44 wanted to do was spend money, not build wealth. The difference is is amazing.
Amazing God gave us a window-for safety of POTUS&Family-4 open door to Oval Room 4Rep'sbeing kept out by those old#Rep'scontrol
Lolol really, going with Stuart Little for your #alternativefacts?????
@AnnMarieVDB1973 @Varneyco let's state that so people get. Companies we work for, grow. More jobs. Better wages.
Well done Mr. President
Poverty in America has been eliminated under President Donald J. Trump. #MAGA
How?
Shut up @Watch1984! Poverty has been eliminated in the USA. Lot's of people are saying it. Lot's of really good people. You don't understand
Really? No new legislation passed & Deficit is only growing. The stock market gains are not helping majority your base.
Falling back on "hopey changey" are we??
Trump should thank Obama for the great economic tailwinds! You are so lucky if you were delt his economy you would be out of office by now
Expand your mind a little.Try reading or even watching other news. You will get world perspectives of USA.
Quite the joker aren't you.   Lol
Best video I've seen all week. Should be front page headliner news if we had honest press. We don't, so you'll have to see it here.
Trump that's fluff an you know it there should be graph for all Trump lies now that would be the truth American people would like that
Propaganda. You're killing  America with your Russian collusion and hatred.. #TrumpRussia
Remember 1929?if you can read, read about the roaring 20's and the lead up to the Great Depression but since you were there as Satan #uknow
#FAKEFOXMEDIA, you think this is because of you. WHAT have you done lets see NOTHING. man you think you shit is gold
Still Riding on Obamas Legacy U & Ur BS ADMIN HAVE DONE NOTHING BUT SIGN EXEC ORDERS THAT HAVE HURT THE USA DESTROYING HC & EPA HUD&PPH!
HOPE, being the key word there, eh, Donny. Americans are losing to corporate greed and you are adding to the problem. You're an evil demon.
LIES... once again, taking credit for Obama's work!!  What a hack you are Trump 
Nobody is addressing fractural reserve fraud.
There is no money and nations round the globe are bankrupt.Shame
Fox is as FAKE as you.
Thank you!  My retirement investments are finally growing again!  The wealth in America needs to stay in America!
Not America. You!
We've got the right man in the Whitehouse! Thank you Pres. Trump! Business here in my state is booming!!!  Jobs, jobs, jobs! Promises kept!
yes but we lost our soul thanks to you.
Reducing regulations is shifting wealth from middle class to the wealthy. That's why Wall St luvs #LiarInChief.
 this news 6 months in and 4 Trillion dollars richer.The lefties R in need of serious therapy.We are winning with our President TRUMP
How are you going to blame @BarackObama when his work with economy begins to fade after you have gladly taken credit thus far?
Keep up the good work, Mr. President!
Dark State needs to be shut down for good arrest those that are at top of treason against all Americans causing riotes, stopping traffic Etc
Make it again and again

@realDonaldTrump fellow patriot there is life outside the beltway America the beautiful land of the free home of the brave God bless America 
Did u know Trump admin sent 100+ points to renegotiate NAFTA w Canadians?
Six months in people are seeing your bullshit.
we need sustainability to maintain wealth and power, literally.
Wall Street bankers are richer. You and your pals are richer. Average Americans? Not so much.
What's your cut of that? Can't wait to see your financials.
Oooh goodie! More fake news!
Doing a great job!
Investors from Trump's casino also had "hope of GROWTH" They had lost their investments thru bankruptcy. Trump is still coasting on Obama.
#fraud #treason #traitor #25AmendmentNow
And it's not going to those who deserve it. It's going to greedy, corrupt pigs like you. We will #resist you until you are gone!
I am hoping we see a big relief for our income bracket this year. It's about time we do!!!
More fake news!!
HELLOW TRUMP!"JUST,INVESTIGATE MY STOCKS AND SHARES,WITHIN THE WALLSTREET MARKET!UNDER "JAMES W. PAGADUAN"
Evidence collection continues for your collusion with the Russians. You're obviously worried, you haven't called it a "hoax" in a long time.
You will do anything to get Jeff Sessions to quit. Even getting Russians to help you? Don't be surprised if he sticks
Great, so your friends on Wall Street are making money. What have you done to help the hard working Americans?
TT=Traitor Trump
My 401K investment portfolio, and individual stocks are doing superb. Keep our economy driving forward Mr. @POTUS.  Godspeed!
Who, you and other repugs? Cause it sure ain't America!
Too much winning !

Dude - since when do "great" and "rich" mean the same thing?
Now all you have to do is back up that hope with actions
"We the people" appreciate you President Trump!  Keep to your #MAGA agenda and don't let the Dem & GOP Swamp get you down!  Do your thing!!
Too bad we are all going to die from lack of healthcare!
Thank you president Obama for handing the Twitter Twit a growing economy. HRC won the popular vote and your illegitimate. Impeach now
Six month, nothing achieved... wake up 45... sad performance, and step back...
This one I think is my favorite. Lordy!
No it's not it's ur boy toy Putins cash! America does not believe anything u say, Get out of our WH traitor don
Thank you President Obama.
You expect for us to believe this reported by Fox News let's get a second opinion and then maybe maybe not absolutely but maybe believe you
The best President in 100 yr..
6 months in and already talking about if u can LEGALLY PARDON URSELF! SO PROUD!Fake an illness and resign. Move 2 a non-extradition country!
By whose records show the proof you just can't say things like that without showing actual facts
@realDonaldTrump is it by taking away healthcare coverage from 22 million Americans?! U r uneducated to be our president! #RESIGN
Thanks Obama!
U don't giv a rat's ass about America - U only care about yrself (how's yr BF Vlad?).  #RESIGN  or #ITMFA
You are destroying our Democracy
You mean making Trump millions while Americans suffer your in collusion Complicit Untrustworthy
Yea hope that's dashed more &a more every day Treasonous Trump is in office
What do u do all day?  Golf?  Watch TV?
THAT IS WHY R PRESIDENT SAID THINK BIG& that is why things r getting DONE UNLIKE THE DEMOCRATS OR THE PAST HAVE NOT HAD SUCCESS REALLY!◇
PLUS HE DIDN'T KEEP HIS PROMISES 2 THE AMERICAN PPL 4/ 8 YRS PTEZ OBAMA REALLY!
And anyone with a brain in their head knows Donald J Trump is the best Predident this country has ever had! MAGA!
6 months in and nothing accomplished. Promises broken, disasters everywhere.
Thank you President Trump !!!
DEMS the guilty do protest. Lol
An American.
Why aren't we banding together to speak for the greatest President ever. WE VOTED HIM IN! Now, let's keep him there to finish the job.
