my cartnt Barre nice
come my Banglabashe you
not true St all
yoir so boring
eliminate press. conferences u had great idea put out written responses
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for low...
You could go down in history by brokering real peace in Syria instead of wasting time on your ratings... Sad
if they're going to lose just like you the loser of the year
Vote 'D' to stop the attack on the american people. If there is a Justice Democrat that is the one you want. Takes no lobby or corporate $$
Lower taxes for who?
Great!! 
Yea we can believe this like everyone believed your campaign promises....a little too late
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
Sure glad to get rid of Obama, he had no balls. Talk them to death was his way, you see what it's done with N Korea, NOTHING
Voting is like driving a car.  D to go forward, R to go in Reverse.
Lower taxes for the wealthy.
I want lower taxes but I don't want lower safety.
For rebuilding of USA, rebuilding cities, infrastructure & domestic economy.
Lower taxes? How r u going 2 pay 4 tax breaks for rich, bombing raids or repair the environmental damage your executive orders will cause?
something to people buss day
Watch those illegals with their fake ID's our own gov handed out. Probably let prisoners out of jail like BO did too
Why? So there can be more like you to help ruin this country?

Vote lower taxes for billionaires everyone!
No one wants lower taxes. We just don't want 54% of our budget spent on military. How is this hard to understand?
Vote D for your security!
I really think Ryan is not doing a good job and should be replaced by high energy speaker
cc
How can you lower taxes when you won't show yours
You BARELY won this district,1.5 percentage points. My county:traditionally conservative Cobb,went for HILLARY. #FlipThe6th! Also,I hate you
R's are a disaster very bad very bad for this country. Sad.
Notice how many Republicans are running AND FAILING AGAINST ONE DEMOCRAT LMAO SAD
k
Yet the left #fakenews MSM reports it so different. Hollywood Libs & Lewis don't dictate what happens in GA! Let em hear it loud & clear!
Sir,When you finished to China & North Korea...Please take action against them
Vote S to eat the rich and move the country into the 21st century rather than backward into the oligarch ruled 29th.
SOCIALIST WINS REPUBLICAN DISTRICT ON "EAT THE RICH" CAMPAIGN
The R as you put it had the biggest tax increase in Georgia about 4 years ago. You don't have a clue !

Bill de Blasio thinks it's okay to protect illegal alien drunk drivers, putting every citizen at risk

https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/01/31/nyc-mayor-de-blasio-blasted-over-drunk-driving-comment.amp.html …
Is "R" for Russia?
Greatest
Save your little twitter fingers. Democrats are bringing a major storm to Washington.
The combined total of 11 Republican candidates failed to get as many votes as @JonOssoff is more accurate, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump.
I have one thing to say if she does not tell the voters from that 6th district that she is 100% behind U, she will not make it !
Sorry, I meant to tweet "for lower taxes and for safety".
IF I WERE AMERICAN, I'D VOTE FOR YOU! I'M RETWEETING YOUR POSTS... PLEASE HELP CANADA! GOD BLESS YOU SIR!
Shut up
Lower taxes for the top 1% you mean, while the rest of us get screwed over.
So you don't understand math either? No surprise there.
FOR THE 1% WILL GET RICHER VOTE REP
Tell em how you're taking their tax credits from ACA and giving it to your golfing buddies as reduced taxes
to win d run-off in June? I like my proposal to my current IL governor in he hires me & my current life story & Rep. Roskam missive #wins
Also spending $8 MIL on a gerrymandering congressional district which result in a run-off makes me wonder will d national Dems spend $16 MIL
Alright George Bush
Show us your taxes!!
And NO Healthcare Coverage. Don't forget that too Donald John. Oh slipped your mind 
AAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Every one of your proposed taxation schemes only provides tax breaks for the wealthy while shifting the burden to the poor. Oligarchy
You are a liar. Republicans don't care about anyone but themselves. Just like you. You all lie every day and invent "alternative facts".
I wouldn't vote repuke if you held a gun to my head. Repukes are completely  evil. Only thing they are good at are starting bullshit wars.
Words can't describe how much I wish Hillary beat you. #notmypresident
Vote D for a stupid carrot with ginuea pig hair
You are so 
I say to you all vote Democrat
Lower taxes for who? Those who don't need it? People like yourself? Those who give and share little? The selfish and self-indulgent?
The tide will be turning on your support if you keep turning into the warmongering globalist shill we thought you weren't. WTF is going on?
Really, you honestly think your credible 
Excellent 1000000000000000000000000000000
VOTE Democrat.....Not lying Repub's
Lower taxes for the wealthy? Why would the average American vote for that?
Lower taxes for RICH people!
and hey, I'd raise taxes on rich and others for things like education. We don't need to expand out military.
Dump trump
Sounds like a similar shit show to the one you faced. Maybe this time someone who's actually qualified will emerge from the pack.
What dirt does Putin have on you that #Exxon seeking sanction exemption to complete $500 billion deal with Russian oil company?
Vote crime &corruption out of congress. Congress was designed to represent all of the people. Vote to Get Congress Back!
R
How do lower taxes for the rich provide more safety from crime?  Just more anger and desperation from the poor causing more crime
I knew that rep. wanted to lower taxes. Didn't know you wanted to lower safety as well.
We have to correct a President grammar now? You meant safety and lower taxes.  Unless "R" means lower safety... #SAD
I'm glad @TeamRocket is running for congress. At least they are honest about being the bad guys.
I'm glad #TeamRocket  is running for congress!! At least they're honest about being bad.
Voting R certainly would lower safety...
Vote R? Doesn't that stand for "Repulsive"
You mean lower taxes for the rich right Chump
Vote "R" for stupidity
Wrong it amazes me that you can't think for yourself and name call
People dislike you so much that once pure red seats are being threatened. How does that feel? US will blue by the time you are impeached
Give the slush fund money to charity geez
Vote R for insanity
You mean if you're a multi millionaire or billionaire. Otherwise--the rest (oh about 99% of you) expect to pay more if you vote Republican.
lower taxes for the rich! lol
And Lies, and cuts to social programs and all the other crap ideals that you cling on to from days gone by.
Lower taxes for whom?  Republicans have had control for eight years?? No change. Sad
You haven't  done squat but run your mouth. You are a do nothing president who blames everything on a REAL president BARACK OBAMA
not even,   it's happening.  'murica is starting to think....can't wait to see what #crybaby does next
And no health care,lower taxes formillionaires not middle class,destroy the environmentand education!Great platformcan't imagine whyU loose!
Lower safety
Lower taxes for the top 1%
done
You could give a crap about safety. And, you'll lower YOUR taxes soon enough. Make the peasants pay. Keep RICH #AmericaFirst #Liar
You are finally correct about something. A runoff is a win! For Dems. 
#FailedPresident
Fake president.
Yes
Jk
@MarkRay1980 vote R for lower taxes and safety
Speaking of "taxes".... WHERE IS YOUR TAX RETURNS?!?! #TaxMarch
Way to set the bar low af.  Keep redefining winning as getting fewer votes.
God I wish I could help.
Fake news
The Demos went down to Georgia: What the special election says about Donald Trump
Democrats didn’t win outright in Georgia. But here’s why they’re still celebrating.
Don't you ever work?
This has probably already been said because it's so obvious, but WHICH GEORGIA??
He wants to lower our taxes and lower our safety, like wtf is he really that stupid to write it that way?!
This was very close.  June it will be Ossoff
U mean lower taxes for the rich, safety with Russia taking over our country from the inside, Old man get a grip on stuff

% of voters for top 4 republicans total is only 0.1% more than the dem. How many will refuse to vote for a woman out of those repubs?
Please finish your pledges, "lower taxes for the rich, not the working class!"
OMG your wierd
Democrats are losers and dishonest commies.
Eleven Republican candidates & the highest % any got was 19.5%. Maybe u need to send Putin in to buy the election like he did yours
Wrong!
اترك بشار الاسد وقضي على داعش وجبة النصرة فهم الارهاب الاعمى
It is hard to believe you are that stupid. But yet you show us it over and over again....
R
Dem. won more votes than repubs put together. I demand to see your tax returns
Vote R for red tape, rejection and reduction of extra money
Do not reply to Trump Haters! Your boosting their posts! Block them! Please re-tweet this and like to get word out!
just more lies
R for Rong
the closest candidate lost by 30 pts.
Lower taxes for whom? The top 1-2%? The middle class, as usual, will be royally screwed by your/Republican tax plan. #fakepromises
Do I understand correctly that @realDonaldTrump wants to lower safety by lowering taxes? Makes sense; policing is (still) a public service.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump stop the #liberaldisease spreading across the country!
https://twitter.com/trobinsonnewera/status/854668812888788994 …
Why would you want lower safety?
People shouldn't vote for R that will ruin America and your lives.
Republicans give tax breaks to wealthy & corporations; the Democrats give the breaks to PEOPLE--stimulating business in the right way!
What a total bunch of crap. Trump is truly bad for America.
