Hey, I found this Trump ring at https://www.etsy.com/listing/484321688/donald-trump-silver-coin-ring …




You are doing great, blessed by God for a time such as this.  Taking your example to be strong.
Would sure be a nice change to the time and money wasted by going the same thing over and over again by different department.
Of course any thing he does is the greatest in the world...how bout the worst presidential legacy...in the world?
In the world, huh? What about Mao Zedong? Joseph Stalin? Adolph Hitler? Ivan the Terrible? Henry VII? King Louis? Pol Pot? Kim? Just stop
You can't spend on infrastructure and cut taxes, Donny.
I wonder why?
Tax cuts for the 0.1% will help?
Not on your watch Mr. Trump everything is crumbling and you're making it worse
@realDonaldTrump wants agencies 2 coordinate and work together. Let's hope that goes more smoothly @ than the decline of the WH.
Keep kicking butt Donald
You both are the worst
Instead of infrastructure building our roads are bridges are airports you waste time deporting our immigrants! What is wrong with you man
We know who you are. It's over Donald
You'll fuck this up, too.....guaranteed you didn't think it through!
Our infrastructure will go down the tubs! Your hate groups which you support will see to that!!
Why does this guy repeat himself so much? Is it his dementia? #ImpeachTrump

Yes. Infrastructure!
PROPAGANDA NETWORK
But our leader...he's breaking down.
All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea.
@POTUS has hate in his heart and rocks in his head. #ImpeachTrump. Fred Trump was in the KKK.
Stop retweeting Fox News and stand up for what's right. If Fox News had a spine they would call you out for being a racist bigot too!
Don't let the snowflakes keep you down! 38.2031% approval rate says you are killing it!! #WINNING

By this point in his administration, Obama had passed $800 billion #infrastructure and recovery package creating or saving 2.5 million jobs.
Not during your supremacy and suppressive rule. People not longer trust you to move the country forward. You want to go backwards.
https://twitter.com/Controlling2016/status/897770198450745344 …

Saying the word "infrastructure" must make you feel important.  How about the part where you said liberals came at "us"...you are a racist!
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaah, that's what yesterday was about.
3 Years, 5 Months, 4 Days, 5 Hours, 27 Minutes, and 20 Seconds
WRONG!
When
POST GIANNO CALDWELL'S PIECE!!!
The speeches of donald trump will be a must read for all students of politics for years to come.in the comic section.
LOL nice try. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpNazi #TrumpLies
stay strong the people voted you in and the numbers are growing we believe in you

@POTUS is setting the media straight! Let them have it!!
I KNOW!Watched him & he set narrative NOT propaganda spewers ha I never bn so proud when he pointed out peaceful protesters had permit!
Chanting and shouting Nazi chants is not peaceful. They were not peaceful. Look at videos. 45 has lied over 800 times = not credible.
400K of our forefathers sacrificed their lives to fight Nazis, many others risked theirs and Trump defends them?
Have you been following along? He has disavowed them for 17 yrs. I don't like them either but they have the right to protest...
And shout whatever they want. Free speech. They were not violent until antifa attacked them.
Free speech has consequences. How many people did the counter protestors defending their town run over? ZERO.
So glad some of their employers dismissed them and that some CEOs saw fit to leave Trumps council.
This is what State News took away from that ludicrous presser.
#ImpeachTrump
Nazis
My grandpa didn't fight in ww2 so a racist could stand behind his soapBox in a trump lobby + tell us white nationalists are treated unfairly
Yes, let's invest in infrastructure. That requires resources, not proclamations. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/11/business/new-york-shanghai-metro-subway.html?emc=edit_th_20170812&nl=todaysheadlines&nlid=51019534 …

The media lies and manipulates to further their political objectives. We support you Mr. President  
“«Si confiesas con tu boca que Jesús es el Señor, y crees en tu corazón que Dios lo levantó de los muertos, serás salvo.»
By tearing down our social infrastructure, healthcare safety net and aligning with racists?
#ImpeachTrump
You have no vision for the future. Your efforts on infrastructure will no doubt be wasteful and harmful to the country. You are incompetent.
Once again, @POTUS message LOST. Once again, proving he is incapable of delivering anything to the world but hate, lies, angst and division
At least one Doctor and only the "finest" Nazis thought your infrastructure Speech was wonderful. Congrats!
Only one terrorist, the white nationalist Nazi terrorists


MUH COLLUSION!!!!!
We had great infrastructure because FDR put America to work, building it. That evil socialist, FDR. A wall is NOT infrastructure for all.
When was that? 100 years ago?
لو يبقى في عربي عشان نعرف ترمب بيقول إيه
Yes we did. That was when we taxed corporations that fed off of America and it's people instead of putting the tax burden on wage earners.
Our immigrants are the backbone of this nation you are following the white supremacists wishes
By putting it on the backs of the poor?
We had the greatest infrastructure when the RICH paid more taxes so there was money to spend on it!
#YAF!  Yet another fail!

@POTUS TRUMP HAS MY VOTE. BUT REALLY I DON'T THINK HE'S GOING TO PUT UP W/ ALL THE HATE MUCH LONGER. SOME WAY HE'LL PUT A STOP 2 IT.
Polls show that hate is losing...continue to vote out the evil left
This is the part that you guys chose to quote? I cannot believe that you missed all the crazy about this.
I guess I should expect this. The president backing white supremacy isn't what he wants to hear and you basically exist for him.
I do like though, that even this extremely mild quote is still repetitive and awkward because he has dementia.
Sigh! 45 we used to have the greatest president in the world too. I miss him too #forever44
Former President Obama's tweet reacting to the attack in Charlottesville has become one of Twitter's biggest ever http://cnn.it/2wbXHBA  
Name 1 good thing he done.
SO NEGLECTED & SO THOUGHTFUL OF PRESIDENT TO PLAN FOR RESTRUCTURE! AMERICA LOOKS SO SHABBY IN MAY AREAS. SHOULD NOT BE IN SUCH SHAPE!!!!
How do you plan on improving infrastructure,
When  cutting taxes on the very rich?
