Please don't lower yourself to respond to idiots (I hope you don't count me in that group).  It makes it worse.  You're a good man!
@Anderson_P212 is a Nigerian Scammer. Can be reached at 
+234 903 912 9184.
Reported to FBI, Twitter, and others that he’s NOT going to like. 
Spread the word. Don’t be scammed. This photo can be located in a reverse image search. Feel bad for the ACTUAL SOLDIER!
Thank you!
Your Spot On Boss er I mean Chief
Your Awesome 


Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp;...
Idiots who never have cared about health care for anyone but themselves.  We should not continue paying for their healthcare.
try getting anything done,Loser,Never a Winner
.@ffb1234 @Terri101092 @RandPaul @admirathoria @Md_Renegade @pjbowles @therealroseanne I would say McConnell does not understand the voters
Picking up Steam
Because you're a buffoon #NotMyPresident
What did you do the move it forward? At one point you praised the bill, next you called it "mean" - do you actually take a side

McConnell is a swamp rat. Get rid of him with the rest of the Rats like Schumer, Pelosi. Ryan, McCain, Rubio, Warren ect
Because Americans don't want that!  Get it through your thick head!
Where is YOUR bill that you promised supporters would cover EVERYONE at a lower cost? You LIED! Your "bill" doesn't exist!
Because the American PEOPLE want Obamacare. Period. End of fucking subject!
You speak to that Mountain!. Be thy removed and cast it into the sea No Doubt.  That's the God kind of faith. We need a strong President
An strategy in negotiation: make your opponent weak but pointing out deficiencies,Mitch weakens President's expectation
LOL
Bottom line Congress is not working on what's good for the people but what funds from insurances gets them re elected
Replace Mitch! Kentucky
Maybe because you don't have a better solution? You promised better n cheaper but didn't deliver. Sounds like your fault.
Excessive no Mitch but we expect you to get Pres Trump's agenda done or you will see ditch Mitch in action
Senator McConnell also announced he can't be ready for the next budget by the end of Sept.  Didn't he know when the fiscal year ended?
"what have you done for me lately"......#nopolicy .... Still
Resign
Because your demands are appalling and he knows it.
Hes a rhino who goes along to get along as long as the money flows just like any other prostitute
Mitch McConnell is worthless as a GOP leader, always has been. He does not represent Conservatism. He aids the opposition any chance he gets
Well... you haven't done anything you promised so I'd say yes, too many expectations. Not enough effort.
McConnell is leazy free loader and should retire. He comes from the part of the country where people are laidback. Setting watch grass grow
I will have to take a 5 week recess to contemplate.
It's not done because horrendous bills continue to be produced. Improve America, don't destroy it
'EXCESSIVE Expectations' from @GOP 7 years of promises; should we have waited for 8?  If I had collected a paycheck for 7 years w/o results
Try listening to what the people want as opposed to those in the "Washington Bubble"
Well, you know, the fish stinks from the head down. It didn't get done because YOU didn't get it done. Despite your campaign promises.
I agree 7 years to have a better plan. Congress doesn't seem to want to get things done.
Be Careful. Your not in a position to speak of House speaker as yo do.
So right so called republicans. Quit fighting what the people want. So tired of your excuses.
We need to go to a single payer ,,medicare for all system and get this DONE ALREADY OMG !! Insure everyone and move on jeez !!
Mitch needs to get his ass in gear or he want be around to give it another shot people in Kentucky fed up with has excuses
"seven' not 7. Join a language institute near you.
Because what YOU proposed in your LOCKED DOOR MEETINGS was full of HATE for elderly, poor, sick and women and Senators recognized this!
B
You need to use those negotiating skills you say you have and negotiate with the dems
Your rushing things. Fix things don't destroy everything. Everything has a process and takes time. This is America not Trumps world. #loser
I'm with you @realDonaldTrump
Guy who says he has best plan when he has no plan.
Exactly!  They are so use to going to work and doing nothing under Obama they forgot how to work for their paycheck.
Because he is too stupid to do the right thing
your EXPOSED as a complete Nazi around the world.  Your cabinet is as shameless as your tweets. #IMPEACH45
I thought you said YOU would do it. Huh.
Because everyone was relaxing! Spend summer up to elbows in numbers health issues Med dictionary dueling partner #ItIsHard #WillBWorthIt 
For once, I agree with you
Mr President he is not accustomed to a real work schedule.  None of them are.
He is right. You nor only have excessive expectation but you are down right nuts.
I think you should give congress Obamacare by getting rid of federal benefits in health, retirement.
they wont, cause they were sold to the liberal agenda. Those 11 made money behind closed doors.
Too many RINO's in Congress. Just that simple. Maybe 2018 will fix this problem. Nothing will get passed until 2018.

The american people WANT Obama care.   Just fix it.  We have access to healhcare NOW, fix whats broke.  How hard is that
Congress, why is repeal and replace not done? You owe the citizens an answer!
Sad thing is you have no clue what you are talking about.  You took this job, no excuses not to know what you are talking about
Agreed!
Our expectations were with your great affordable, everybody insured plan. Where is that one? Repeal & replace lfake promises TRUMP!
Keep enemies close, do everything to keep you from being productive.  This wk white supremacist next week White Russian supremacist
The American People agree with you Mr. President...all except the noisy snowflakes
Question, what happened to 'Drain the swamp?' Why are all of the Obama liberals still around? Why have they not changed the rule yet
Why not unite the world instead of segregate after all we are apart of a collective concisness
Especially since in Dec 2016 MitchMcConnell said they were ready to go - to repeal&replace.
Fact is Sen. Mitch McConnell lied through teeth to People of Kentucky to get re-elected. They should #RECALLMCCONNELL

We our hoping the"fake patriot"is on the radar!The guy drove around town in a motorized weiner&he is qualified to dictate Americas policy??
Mr POTUS, you are so correct! Please dont listen to fake news, celeb and media haters!!  Your hard work is greatly appreciated!! I support U
Dopey Donald. Go home to your tacky tower. #Resign
Maybe you should ask for his birth certificate
Sen McConnell has NO EXPECTATIONS for #MAGA! Too long in Congress-NOT for WE PEOPLE! Kentucky RETIRE him@seanhannity @GOP NO GUTS-NO GLORY

What a joke. Blaming everyone but yourself. We hate you. Truly truly hate you.
You said it, "... healthcare is so complicated." Too big a job for you, Donny. Barack knew, and got a bill passed cause he knew and led.
Just because you run on a ridiculous platform doesn't make it good policy!
Mitch is ineffectual and needs to GO!  #MAGA
I have an idea....How about replacing McConnell...he has never lifted a finger to help me.
Having real work oriented people in Congress will cut the greed arrogance irresponsibility, will lower nonsense rhetoric
So Mitch is incapable of getting things done. If I told my boss that I'D BE FIRED!  I'd tell my boss I would meet or exceed expectations.
Because the "Repeal and Replace" was always a "Bait and Switch". I am sure you are familiar with that term.
@SenateMajLdr WAS BEING NICE !!!
Senator Mitch McConnell is full of hot air.  Needs to be replaced.
I bet they had no trouble passing any of their benefits and raises in record time.
and Mitch gets one too
Your right sir   He is not going to help you
"Excessive Expectations!" R U kidding!! 7 years of hearing repeal and replace was lip service. That's why nothing was done!  Disappointing.
Not my president Bubba
Mr president tell McConnell to step down  no confidence
You the man trumpet no big deal.
You the man
Drain the swamp
I am from the great Commonwealth of Kentucky and be assured I will do my best to fire McConnell.
Political slogans easy; fixing problems hard.
fixing mistakes the Politicians created only seems hard when the established politicians are involved.
Mitch needs to retire. Congressional TERM LIMITS.
After 70 years on earth, why are you not human? Some things are not destined to happen, namely your humanity. You have none.
Let's get to work people,  clock in, I'm waiting. @AnitaDWhitee .@dizzypam .@realPolitiDiva .@Trumpified_King .@skin1diva .@seanhannity
Because they don't really want to 'repeal & replace'. It would be a death sentence for them amongst their constituents.
Congress should be paid on commission as they deliver they are supposed to be advocates for the people but they rip much
Dear President your strength is admirable keep on tracking exposing this lazy congress whose wives call n collect funds
Little history lesson three branches of government legislative executive and judicial
DME owners need help with Medicare and Tricare! I see to many Seniors, Veterns, and active military suffering! Need changes!
Why not condemn white supremest and their violence. You were a shit before now, even your own side can't defend you
They think we are not paying attention to their forked tongue rhetoric they spew for re election purposes.
try sitting does with your staff instead if having campaign Rally's to boost your ego
Nah, Mitch doesn't work in the real world where it's required to get the job done; he doesn't have a clue, he'd be fired
Exactly! They shouldn't be on vacation!
They weren't ready it seems. 7 years and nothing. WOW
Because it sucked

DITCH MITCH DUMP RYAN AND TAKE HIS RHINO PALS WITH THEM
DITCH MITCH
Keep pushing for destroying Obamacare disaster, it smells it stinks it's dead  now get rid of the mess
It's not done because you yourself stood up there telling America it would have great insurance for all.  You lied.
REPLACE HIM. TALK TO MARK LEVIN & HE WILL TELL YOU ABOUT McConnell's BETRAYAL. MO BROOKS IS BETTER than Luther Strange.
.
not just "excessive expectations...," (August 9, 2017; 14:14 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You're a hatefilled man
#ditchmitch
Oh God, you don't have a clue how governing this country works do you. You are a mortal dagger to us all. You need to step down.
@SenateMajLdr is the #swamp & #DeepState. He's rooted in Govt waay too long. #CORRUPTION. Ky MC Vet @ haven't voted for him in over 20 yrs.
in case you forgot, you are the leader! Seems like it's your incompetence that's on display!
Always somebody else's fault, never you.  What have YOU done to get this passed ???
ABSOLUTELY THE TRUTH!
4mi
Trump your only safe bet is to resign immediately and flee to Russia where the FBI will never get you
Well done Trump
Frankly... I dislike McConnell more than I do tRump. He's cunning and treacherous.  Never puts country first!
I agree!! Excessive? They said they had it - so where is it? All talk and no show. So disappointed !
Mr. President, your expectations to Repeal & Replace Obamacare were Senator Mitchell McConnell's were his for the past 7 years, he forgot?
Mitch should be on scope on his way out if he continues enabling laziness of Congress after all Mitch is of the same team
You have been the biggest drain on our economy.  NOT PAID ANY TAXES IN 18 YEARS.   Wow   Shame.   Help the poor
You have excessive fucking tweets.
Because you do not have the polticial savvy to help him get it done.
keep doing what you are doing,dont let the bastards drag yah down! doing great and keep it up
Exactly!
As long as Congress is rewarded with BIG salaries and huge retirements they will continue the laziness they are used to
@SenateMajLdr has gone back to
"BusinessasUsual"
Now try 
BUSINESS AT THE SPEED OF "BUSINESS!"
Not Government!
Try a POWER drink! 
And since the majority voted for Hilliary NONE OF YOUR BILLS WILL GET PASSED
Damn good question. What's wrong with the idiots we place in office? Drain the Swamp.. Elect peple that will work for us!
@SenateMajLdr wrong choice of words. You should not retaliate but continue working on a solution. Be a mature leader.
Any expectation would be excessive for Mitch or for that matter most of the entrenched crooked lazy politicians in DC.
CONGRESS HAS TO START DOING THEIR JOB!!! THE AMERICAN CITIZENS DEMAND IT
Mitch is representing the bureaucracy in Congress which is now dense and thick so they can't move at a different pace
Because you're a loser. It's that simple.
Because
Unfortunately, Sir, you must deal w/a RINO-controlled Congress until/unless we can get REAL CONSERVATIVES elected.
@SenateGOP are not delivering on campaign promises.  Specifically, #McCain who should retire and spend time with his family.@realDonaldTrump
Mitch stop wasting tax payers time and money.  Move faster!
Career politicians like zmcConnel, Flake and McCain don't want anything to get done.  See that as career ending.  All politicians should go
YOU SAID YOU WOULD HAVE A PLAN TO REPLACE IT. YOU DON'T. Without healthcare thousands will die. #liarinchief
Whiner in chief didn't get his way so he attacks others.
Maybe it wasn't done bc repeal alone kills millions and replace was a terrible plan that took insurance away from millions?
He was wrong. You have excessive ignorance of civics and how our system of gov't works. #PutinsPuppet
These Poles are a joke and Democrats really believe by saying  approval rating on the MAN is at 30% yep that's about all who don't work!
Sad that this dynamic with Congress affects both parties as laziness and greed are easy to acquire when rewards are there
Resign
Mitch McConnell is two faced. Trump gives Elaine Chao Sec. of Transportation & McConnell stabs him in the back. FIRE HIM
McConnell is lazy and getting to old to fight. All they know is vacation. Get the hell to work Mitch
#opFreedomRepossession
"excessive expectatons"??? This is why we the voters don't trust Washington!!! Time for new senate leadership!!!
You are right
BEAT THE IDIOTS AT THEIR OWN GAME! You're smart enough to and WE HIRED YOU TO DO THAT!
You do it! Your the laziest president ever!
By the looks of your picture, your not getting off the couch much..#MAGA
