Hey, I found this Trump ring at https://www.etsy.com/listing/484321688/donald-trump-silver-coin-ring …




You are doing great, blessed by God for a time such as this.  Taking your example to be strong.
Would sure be a nice change to the time and money wasted by going the same thing over and over again by different department.
Instead of infrastructure building our roads are bridges are airports you waste time deporting our immigrants! What is wrong with you man
لو يبقى في عربي عشان نعرف ترمب بيقول إيه
Not on your watch Mr. Trump everything is crumbling and you're making it worse
Our immigrants are the backbone of this nation you are following the white supremacists wishes
SO NEGLECTED & SO THOUGHTFUL OF PRESIDENT TO PLAN FOR RESTRUCTURE! AMERICA LOOKS SO SHABBY IN MAY AREAS. SHOULD NOT BE IN SUCH SHAPE!!!!
Doing a great job, Mr President.  Thank you for all you do!!!
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructu...
#YAF!  Yet another fail!
You can't spend on infrastructure and cut taxes, Donny.
I wonder why?
Tax cuts for the 0.1% will help?
We know who you are. It's over Donald
You'll fuck this up, too.....guaranteed you didn't think it through!
Our infrastructure will go down the tubs! Your hate groups which you support will see to that!!
Why does this guy repeat himself so much? Is it his dementia? #ImpeachTrump

Yes. Infrastructure!
PROPAGANDA NETWORK
But our leader...he's breaking down.
@POTUS has hate in his heart and rocks in his head. #ImpeachTrump. Fred Trump was in the KKK.
Stop retweeting Fox News and stand up for what's right. If Fox News had a spine they would call you out for being a racist bigot too!
Get off Fox news' Twitter and go do your job.
Don't let the snowflakes keep you down! 38.2031% approval rate says you are killing it!! #WINNING

By this point in his administration, Obama had passed $800 billion #infrastructure and recovery package creating or saving 2.5 million jobs.
Not during your supremacy and suppressive rule. People not longer trust you to move the country forward. You want to go backwards.
https://twitter.com/Controlling2016/status/897770198450745344 …

Saying the word "infrastructure" must make you feel important.  How about the part where you said liberals came at "us"...you are a racist!
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaah, that's what yesterday was about.

#FUCK!! #masputo #PresidentLoco #demons #devil u have no character @realDonaldTrump 
When
POST GIANNO CALDWELL'S PIECE!!!
The speeches of donald trump will be a must read for all students of politics for years to come.in the comic section.
LOL nice try. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpNazi #TrumpLies
stay strong the people voted you in and the numbers are growing we believe in you
@POTUS is setting the media straight! Let them have it!!
I KNOW!Watched him & he set narrative NOT propaganda spewers ha I never bn so proud when he pointed out peaceful protesters had permit!
Chanting and shouting Nazi chants is not peaceful. They were not peaceful. Look at videos. 45 has lied over 800 times = not credible.
400K of our forefathers sacrificed their lives to fight Nazis, many others risked theirs and Trump defends them?
Have you been following along? He has disavowed them for 17 yrs. I don't like them either but they have the right to protest...
And shout whatever they want. Free speech. They were not violent until antifa attacked them.
Free speech has consequences. How many people did the counter protestors defending their town run over? ZERO.
So glad some of their employers dismissed them and that some CEOs saw fit to leave Trumps council.

This is what State News took away from that ludicrous presser.
#ImpeachTrump
Nazis
You speak like a child
My grandpa didn't fight in ww2 so a racist could stand behind his soapBox in a trump lobby + tell us white nationalists are treated unfairly
Yes, let's invest in infrastructure. That requires resources, not proclamations. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/11/business/new-york-shanghai-metro-subway.html?emc=edit_th_20170812&nl=todaysheadlines&nlid=51019534 …

The media lies and manipulates to further their political objectives. We support you Mr. President  
“«Si confiesas con tu boca que Jesús es el Señor, y crees en tu corazón que Dios lo levantó de los muertos, serás salvo.»
By tearing down our social infrastructure, healthcare safety net and aligning with racists?
You have no vision for the future. Your efforts on infrastructure will no doubt be wasteful and harmful to the country. You are incompetent.
When is that person who is going to do this taking office?
Once again, @POTUS message LOST. Once again, proving he is incapable of delivering anything to the world but hate, lies, angst and division
At least one Doctor and only the "finest" Nazis thought your infrastructure Speech was wonderful. Congrats!
Only one terrorist, the white nationalist Nazi terrorists

@POTUS TRUMP HAS MY VOTE. BUT REALLY I DON'T THINK HE'S GOING TO PUT UP W/ ALL THE HATE MUCH LONGER. SOME WAY HE'LL PUT A STOP 2 IT.
By the way, you can't support Trump and claim to be a Christian at the same time. Jus' saying.
Or hate the nfl for disrespecting the military and be a trump supporter


There you lefties go spewing more hate. I guess that's normal for you.
Says the side that has the national hate groups completely riding with them lmao, love how you repub snowflakes play victim
No safe space needed here. I don't condone anything done in Charlottesville. I just disagree with destroying history and being antifa (you).
Lmao so Scotty being Antifa (Anti-fascism) is a bad thing? you can't get behind that nonsense can you....
You're entitled to your liberal opinion but erasing history is wrong. Hillary lost. Get over it. Trump condemned both sides.
Hillary has nothing to do with it.
@realDonaldTrump wants agencies 2 coordinate and work together. Let's hope that goes more smoothly @ than the decline of the WH.
When was that? 100 years ago?
By putting it on the backs of the poor?
"Until I built it"
We had the greatest infrastructure when the RICH paid more taxes so there was money to spend on it!
This is the part that you guys chose to quote? I cannot believe that you missed all the crazy about this.
I guess I should expect this. The president backing white supremacy isn't what he wants to hear and you basically exist for him.
I do like though, that even this extremely mild quote is still repetitive and awkward because he has dementia.
Sigh! 45 we used to have the greatest president in the world too. I miss him too #forever44
Former President Obama's tweet reacting to the attack in Charlottesville has become one of Twitter's biggest ever http://cnn.it/2wbXHBA  
Name 1 good thing he done.
You both are the worst
How do you plan on improving infrastructure,
When  cutting taxes on the very rich?
We had great infrastructure because FDR put America to work, building it. That evil socialist, FDR. A wall is NOT infrastructure for all.
Yes we did. That was when we taxed corporations that fed off of America and it's people instead of putting the tax burden on wage earners.
Keep kicking butt Donald
Of course any thing he does is the greatest in the world...how bout the worst presidential legacy...in the world?
In the world, huh? What about Mao Zedong? Joseph Stalin? Adolph Hitler? Ivan the Terrible? Henry VII? King Louis? Pol Pot? Kim? Just stop
Where is the rest of the story. All I see in the tweet is a vague praising headline. Where are the details of the order?

Our infrastructure doesn't compare to Europe's.  Bring back alternate transportation, e.g. TRAINS
Yeah, we used to, until Trump got in there.
You're dreaming, not going to happen. USA so far behind other first World countries...Japan, Germany...and we won't mention your health care
"The likes of which the world has not seen!" (that's this week's phrase they taught you, remember?
We can tell you haven't traveled much...
THEY GET OVER IT , THEY  MEN UP ,  ITS HISTORY , THEY LIVE FWD , NOT BACKWARD 2/2
YUP - just like your bankrupt buildings.  mueller is on to you and is following the $$$
#FAKEPRESIDENT will never measure up to President Barack Obama.
Just like your Trump university, Trump steaks, Trump wine, etc., etc., etc.
Trump's infrastructure plan isn't much of a plan
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Did someone explain to 45 what the new deal was?
Yes, we used to. But then money lovers like you decided that money felt better your pocket instead of the working stiff. Loser. Resign. Now.
it would b better if u closed the border to Canada  and deport illegals back were they came from
Why would U let the lying News Media or Evil Men,Women in Government , deceive or mislead U ?There is more good at work now than ever B4 
fake news!!!!!
We also used to have the greatest president anywhere in the world.
Faux News
We also used to have a decent human being as president.

So, what's your greatest plan you will ever see entail. ???
Email Congress and telephone call congress impeach Trump under article 25
Selling out roads to foreign companies is not the answer nor does it help us.
Why do you retweet the words of a delusion 'businessman' with multiple bankruptcies and who has failed at everything?
GOP has both houses, can't blame the Dems
You're only fooling yourself.  The Congress can't pass any law including an infrastructure bill. I only hope they pass a debt ceiling 
Law.
REBUILD AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Then, wait
As he says that the FCC is trying to lower the broadband definition from 25 mb's to 10mb's but ok
Check the tax rates when we were building the best infrastructure in the world. You're on the way to destroying the nation with your greed.
I'm sure your despicable family will steal plenty from all the construction contacts
Don't even check or look into anything just repeat what they hear should not even open their mouths
"Instead of building roads and runways to last, Trump will end up  overseeing boondoggles that will be washed away"
Thank you Mr.President for all that you are doing for us American's!
Over all the Nazi loving !!!
Both!
Hitler, Stalin, Chairman Mao, all banned books, ideas, tore down statues, and tried to erase cultures and history. Be smart! #SaveOurHistory
You have not done anything on this.
We will do this by giving it away to private corporations who will rip us off - it will be like Russia's olympics to give you an idea.
What is your policy or proposal? You don't have one, do you?

Our roads , bridges and infrastructure are in tragic shape good to know we are going to get to work on them

.@POTUS: "Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. BEFORE #Trump we used to have the greatest infrastructure in the world"
You can't even build your own vocabulary.
Always "it will be great" and "it used to be great". Nothing will be great until we get a great commander in chief.
The only thing @RealDonaldTrump will ever do is fill the stolen @SCOTUS seat and wait for another opening. Thief!
We also used to have a real, non-racist @potus with a brain. Things change.
We used to have a great president also. Now we have you.
Yet you have passed no significant legislature benefitting infrastructure. Actually, any significant legislature at all
In your dreams Donald!!!
"FAKE NEWS ALERT"
#putinspuppet #crookeddonald #lockhimup #naziinchief
Infrastructure council?? FAILURE!!  poor little trumps are going down in history as the worlds most corrupt family!!!
do you honestly believe ANYONE ANYWHERE is listening to this orange bigot? bahahahahaahahaaaaaaaaaa
Put those words in action. Pass the 2 trillion dollar and let's rebuild America.
Bravo President Trump!
How's that going?
Someone please, buy this man a thesaurus!! If I hear his ignorant ass use the word "great" one more time...
AI might be a way to root out unfavorable students and to place them in proper facilities they connect with 100% seeing the result is proof.
We had the bestinfrastructure BUILT under Eisenhower using socialism to do it. Educate yrselves
We need it yesterday
I can't wait to see some of the innovative ideas you have to help our inner cities!
I feel the last few presidents have worked overtime to make us a third world country.  Thank God for you.  Thank you.
Anyone who talks about ethnic cleansing is not peaceful? They're here to do damage!
I'm sure he has no idea if the US once had the best infrastructure in the world or not... He just says it anyway.... #thetrumpway
You will never pass any bill because no one wants to work with you
We don't need any more damn annoying toll roads that ppl need transponders for tracking their every move!

"It will be tremendous. Better than Chieeeena. No other infrastructure will be better than my infrastructure." Real story? #TrumpRussia
This is not what the inslave the people democrats want. Who will vote for them? 

Yes and sir keep up the good job. @realDonaldTrump  @realTrumpNews
Trump’s big infrastructure plan? It’s a trap.
nazi Germany's infrastructure was pretty good for a while. Then it got wrecked, somehow. Oh btw, everyone thinks you're
a crypto nazi now, forgot to think you're a RU agent. Winning!
Confederate President Trump is Nazi scum.
It's so nice to go for a drive, and see all the crumbling bridges being repaired or rebuilt!


OPEN LETTER: EMERGENCY PROPOSAL ON NYC "INFRASTRUCTURE" CRISIS
The burgeoning crisis of NYC metropolitan area... http://fb.me/7ygjdVCXf 
You signed an order eliminating building standards. How is going to be the best when you literally just made it ok to be sub standard?
You have been completely controlled and brain programmed by @FoxNews  and hence #Murdoch
Your strong man I don't know how you put up with Americans an the media they don't want anything good to happen.
I'll bet you don't even know anything about infrastructure. Resign Mr. Racist president.
It was before you showed up.
Nonprofit group sues Trump over infrastructure council | TheHill
You need to go away.

We are behind you Mr President. The HELL with the FAKE  news.
Let's actually DO it, then and not just talk about it. We need epic public works projects breaking ground, now.
This 15 year phenomenon has changed our communities as they buy land non stop even changing the city zoning Serious issue
Obama sold the erroneous idea that India and China has better intellect than our kids now we sold out to both countries
Crash and burn! The beginning of the end.
Everything he does is the greatest in the world.
Perhaps I should point out I am being sarcastic
Best infrastructure would be to remove Trump from the world
How about focusing on High Speed Internet similar to Google, or even a Public Cell Phone/4G Internet Option.
TRUMP IS A RASIST NAZZI. I HOPE YOU GET IMPEACHED better yet just sign YOUR OWN RESIGNATION
How are you going to do this Donald? Name the specific first three steps.
Did he mention infrastructure? I only caught his support for #NazisInTheWhiteHouse #AltPresident #KKKTrump #UnAmerican #FailingPOTUS #Liar
So Donald, by your refusal to admit what really happened in Charlottesville, VA you cast yourself with the lot of  KKK & White Separatist!
Thank you for all you do. We love you!!!!
I wanted to know if the president is taking too much carrot to get the color orange that way #MTVHottest Justin Bieber
Wow. Have some respect and be part of the solution. Support our President and the USA. Stop the childish attacks!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS another message lost amongst your incoherent racist rhetoric
Start with the power grid...in case someone drops an EMP.
