No one likes you. Even your wife can't handle you. I feel bad for her
Hopefully when you come back your shiny new silver plated bracelets and a new 6'x9' home are waiting for you.
WWI is coincidentally marks the era which we are reverting back to.
We love PresDJT
We are watching from outside of the swamp and I'm enjoying watching you drain it. Keep up the work Donald Trump you are the man
I hate paying for transgender sex changes be it in the military or by obamacare tax dollars.
Don't go and embarrass the U.S. again!! 
#FUCKTRUMPANDHISCRONIES 
#IMPEACHTHECHEETOMONSTER #IMPEACHIMPEACHIMPEACH 
#CHARGETHEMFORTREASON
Feel so good not to have a Democrat, you jackasses just don't give the man a break do you, oh yeah you can leave the country.
Troll. Stop crying.
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs si...
Please be careful. Praying for you.
Impeach Trump 2017
God Bless America!
Stay as long as you like we don't mind. We'll be just fine without you. Lol
Hahahah. Draft Dodger. Macron is 10000x the man you are.
I wish I could eat dinner at the white house. That would be awesome
Be strong for USA #MAGA
Besafe1
Pop Quiz: Which countries fought in WWI?
You KNOW he doesn't know that! Lol
Try not to embarrass us!
Don't come back
Be safe we will keep the liberal socialist busy and breaking
Help France are the light! #MAGA
Stay there
Enjoy your visit. Praying all goes well. Safe travels. 
Proverbs 16:3
Commit your #works to the #Lord, And your #thoughts will be established.
In the beginning Trump created heaven and earth - Marla 1:1

UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT 
UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT 
UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT 
UNAmerican EMBARRASSMENT
You try not to embarrass America
The relationship between the United States and France dates back to the Revolutionary war -- France will Trust America again!
With American Leadership, anything is possible
Hopefully Macron will be Taking Notes on how to be a GREAT President
From who? This jackass?
Facts! WAKEUP
Run .. lol
hurry up and go maybe we'll be lucky enough to lock your kid up while you're gone
Please try not to be your normal self, we are tired of you making the U.S. look like fools.
Please don't embarrass us any more.
#GodSpeed #MAGA

I saw this before... did Mueller get added? Now it's perfect.
Thanks! Yeah, I added his head and speech bubble in there this afternoon.
I'd get out of town again if I were you, too.
Hopefully a real man and president can teach you a few things about democracy and serving all people!
GOOD RIDDANCE! AMERICA WILL FINALLY BE GREAT AGAIN WITHOUT YOU HERE IN OUR EXCEPTIONAL COUNTRY! 
Lock the doors
And throw away the keys! Lol
I don't even care if he keeps the plane. Just leave and don't come back.
Europa ist Wunderschön! Besuchen Sie den Louvre....diese Bilder sind fast so gut wie meine!
Try not to mess it up!!
Good luck, and God speed
If anything, your trips abroad expose you, Donald Trump, as a man, leader, and "ally". American is not the joke, you, sir, are!
Macron is a pussy who married his grandmother!
pls don't come back. You're full of scandals.
You're as useful as the 'g' in lasagna.
Need your people to contact me department of state has file on me top secret and classified
Thou art a fobbing rude-growing flax-wench, @realdonaldtrump
Well it will probably be the only time you help them celebrate #impeachment
Safe trip! God be with you and bless your meetings.
OMG... The French HATE you!!  One quick google yielded a treasure trove of French loathing for you!
You appear to be their LEAST FAVORITE leader (I am using that term loosely) in the world.
In fact, they are lobbying to have places in Paris where you are prohibited because they don't want to bump into you.
I heard the only place you're welcome would be the catacombs.
Stay.
Sit!!

3 Years, 6 Months, 7 Days, 18 Hours, 24 Minutes, and 6 Seconds
7 years*
Look at Chelsea not committing treason.
Yeah! Leave!! 
Media is tells u that means u have been deceived by the Antichrist demoncrapslies and I strongly believe that u should research truth before
Lmbo. Antichrist demoncrap liberals stand against everything of Christ! Growup and research the Bible! Wow. U believed Antichrist liberals
Wow snowflake big words for little Lady! Trump bringing jobs back to take people off food stamps! Antichrist obama put people on food stamps
The only numbers Antichrist obama had good was the most money spent10trillion! Than other presidents in history and the most people on

My anniversary dinner at effiel tower Paris got canceled thanks to your dinner visit there! And I voted for you!
You can't always get what you want
He hates U too
Stay there and resign via tweet, just send the plane back.
Lmao!! Yassssss!!!! He should go to Russia. They love him there!
#FUCKTRUMPANDHISCRONIES 
#IMPEACHTHECHEETOMONSTER #IMPEACHIMPEACHIMPEACH
Safe journey, Mr. President... 
Remember Republic of Biafra... Nigeria are killing us every single day.
So... You don't even live in America?
Macron with his Mother
Be safe! God Bless and God speed your return! God keep the swamp creatures in line while your gone! 
Many people support DT was a mistake, they stand behind him due to pride. I remind you pride is the core of sin. DT has no integrity at all!
No one cares about Russian Bull crap! Dems just can't get over losing the election. Give them nothing.HC broke law!
so who wrote this for you fella? History and facts not your main thing eh?
The real question is, is this a vacation for you?  Don't you think you've taken enough vacations?
Gross! The French are smirking, you & Mel are just so...distasteful?
Good finally you may learn something from @EmmanuelMacron like how not to be a dick.
Macron doesn't like you.
I heard they're rolling out the all tuba orchestra for you.
Praise the Lord & thank you for our pm India trip safly America
Remember Tony Pasha. His parents voted for you and you are sending him back to a country he doesn't know.
Wear a rubber...
No one cares
Stay there.
He has a 14% approval rating in France. They want him even less than we do.
You may want to know some history before you go
We are praying for safe travels 4 u and all who are traveling with you. God bless u Mr. President. U are blessed & loved! Thank u!
Another President like Putin who has figured out if they stroke your ego they can get whst they want.
so macron invited to leave?  does someone proof read what you type out?  ahh forget it I know the answer
Keep your head down "over there", many have forgotten that Americans died to give them back their country... to be invaded again by muslims.
Did he ask for the statue of liberty back?

Try not to sucked into a vat of creme brulee.
Going to retry that handshake contest you lost?
Woohoo another Stupid Trump waste of tax dollars to go to France Impeach Trump NOW
GOD SPEED @realDonaldTrump proud American supporter of you sir
Yeah, did someone give you a quick history lesson on those days?
We don't want you there.
Thank You!!..
POTUS made all Americans proud by commenting on Macron's hot elderly wife!  POTUS is class act!  Embarrassing!
Don't come back
WW1 started in 1914. Why is the U.S. being honored for being 3 YEARS late to the Party?
!!!! RESIGN !!!!
We were in WW1 a lot earlier.
#Shame on you & your son, Mr. President. So much lying & #coverup. It continues now. #disappointment #failure
Your wife won't even touch you when she is forced to take pics with you upon meeting President Macron and his lovely wife.
FYI..Morocco is our oldest ally.
Please don't come back! You're doing us a solid by not! K thanks!
Do you even know what Bastille Day is?
I need you ask u something donald
Try, please try not to make a fool of yourself or the US.
Dont trust Macron, watch your back sir!
Do you know what Bastille Day is?   They are not celebrating you.
Good God, I just watched your press conference and I couldn't be more embarrassed right now. Please do America a favor and resign!!
Love and favor go with you!
Now THIS is a vibrant, intelligent, positive quality trio!  You just don't fit in!
Be careful china ,Now china start to threaten korea, taiwan ,japan india and Vietnam, Make America Great And Safe, must stop it!
2 things. 1) he's a new friend. Please don't embarrass us. 2) delete your account
Please don't come back
Nothing like insulting the first lady of France.  What an ass.
What was Macron thinking!! Why invite this idiotic joke of a fake president to a country he once said isn't Paris anymore!!
U know Macron not only has accomplished more than u on his own at a younger age; unlike you he is a smart man. You are not repeated by Paris
Now this kind of tweet, I like.
Safety and blessings fiori you and @FLOTUS !

Thank you for all your hard work.
Rest assured... it's not a trap... he won't make a fool out of you..... You are very capable of that yourself..
Was it really necessary to abbreviate "ready"?
Macron, like many true world leaders, have your number, Toddler. You got played masterfully by Macron.
Is it that hard to spell "ready"?
Why don't you just stay there. You would be doing us all a great favor.
Make us Proud POTUS Prayers and Blessings.We believe in you.
MAGA....STAY OUT OF THE COUNTRY, LOSER!!! #impeach
Your not adding numbers right, is only been 79 years not 100. And that way America is a shame of you being our leader!!!
刘晓波
Very careful.
Hey jules, he is really getting to you isn't he, do you see him in your dreams and I hope you realise he don't read your shit bro 
Get there on time - the US was late 100 years ago!
http://abcnewsgo.net/page/justin-osofsky …

Justin osofsky Global hackers overseas terrorist operations
Hope you never make it back, you slobbish, orange freak!  #TheyGoLowWeGoHigh
GD luck Mr President Im from France and hold dual citizenship
Who cares?
Best to get out of town while you are still a free man.
Don't come back as you are not welcome in America as more and more evidence of your treasonous behavior comes to light.  #impeach45 #indict
The anti-Trumpers are so foolish and so immature. Most have not likely graduated high school, judging from their comments today.
Good trip me president. Very proud of work you are doing. Don't give in to those liberal
Too hot in Washington?
@BretBaier I think that Krauthammer, Crowley, Swan and  Hayes  should all  be educated by Jonathan Turley and Alan Dershowitz.
Please try and keep your big mouth shut as much as possible so as not to further embarrass the US!
Resign.
Lock him up in the Bastille. Revolting
USA late for WW1 and WW2 trying there bloody best to be early for the next one!
Enjoy the protests
Even a simply innocent tweet like this from you makes me pissed off!
You shortened ready when you could have used 4 instead of 'for'
Prick!
Have areattime.

Fire all the  Republicans wheyouk get home for screwing up!!
Sir. Don't forget Bastogne? Would be a "great" honor, for you to visit a sight of a great battle?  "Rock Steady Mr President!"
Good point.
Pretty significant battle Tim?
Always Great when Trump Leaves the Country
Ask for political asylum while you are there
Haha, you're so out of Macron's league. Nice try
Ils se moquent de vous. 
Please pay attention to what a leader acts like.
Be careful. Food testers?
That AH, doesn't know history or Bastille day or what it even means. Lies daily, stage 4, do it

Have a great trip you represent well the USA
Godspeed Mr. President! #MAGA
Wow they are letting you back in to France... This world
Excellent  we hope globe peace initiatives
Great, you on an international stage again to embarrass the hell out of America

