Subsidizing the invasion of the US with 100s of BILLIONS p.a. in welfare,etc. for aliens harms all honest CITIZENS!
Wasting 100s of BILLIONS on pork barrel scams harms all honest CITIZENS!Stopping both crimes can help CITIZENS by saving $1 TRILLION p.a. to fund REAL TAX CUTS
SO JUST LET IT GO..AND WHAT WILL BE WILL BE LE5 THE RINOS THAT DIDNT HELP POTUS  FACE THE AMERICA PEOPLE IN 2018
#ReleaseTheMemo
This man is active on Twitter than in the Whitehouse
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control ...
Hang in there! Just repeal bill!
GOP has a majority in senate. #Trumpcare doesnt have the GOP votes
dont blame others, blame that horrible bill. 
ACA is law, stop sabotaging
Why talk shit about Donald? You supported him. He won because of voters like you.
Ain't gonna happen 
Do you understand that the reason for 60% is to make sure both parties work together and represent the people - not the party
Public Servants have a duty to follow the Will of Citizens. Transparency is setting America free from 'decades of corruption and betrayal'.
The Senate are nothing more than a bunch of cockblockers intent on giving our freedom away
tweet #1 re 51 votes (July 18, 2017; 9:26 EDT) #TRUMPCARE  #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
8 Dems control the Senate,yet they want to redistict...evil
FUTURE VISION,

NOTHING GETS PASSED !?

PATIENCE, 2018 MORE SEAT COMING YOUR/OUR WAY !!!!!!!

AFTER THAT "GO & DON'T LOOK BACK GO"
Seven Dems, and one DimWit, John McCain.

Rules SUCK . Don't they Cheetos Boy ?
American people are working hard, Congress needs to come back.  No vacation!
Yes, and Congress needs to do it's job.  Pass major bills like healthcare.
Give them enough rope... they will hang themselves
Amen! I believe that's what's happening! Praise God! BS hoax & Mueller's Gestapo will fail! Prez God's anointed &  "touch not my anointed"
Mueller is a joke
No 45 what's crazy is u wanting to change the rules of our government.
Dems never touch legislation votes it has been 60 votes for the entire Obama Admin. Do ur research, Filibuster's yes, Legislation NO!!
i have no problem debating issues, but i'm not gonna waste my time with someone who has no substance in tweets.
well not with me u don't.
If you create a health care plan to eliminate Obamacare that is never going to go anywhere you have to focus on unite United as one
The states and the federal government will have to unite and create a health care plan that fits all people
Mr President get rid of the safe act of 2013, it put gun owners at risk of confication, thank you
What's wrong Donald Dump can't get what u need when the GOP controls all 3 branches lol can u suck anymore lol...
Shameful that you think social media is a place to govern America from. It is not progressive. it is a reckless.
Nice
Who knew being a leader was so complicated?
keep pushing mr. President... they're cowards
That's called democracy
Agreed President Trump and if they work with Dem's and put out a bill that is close to single-payer they're history and will lose seats.
The failing Donald Trump, the crooked Donald Trump...shame on you
Yeah.  Just like you.
What's wrong Donnie, you learning even the republicans think you suck

Well who would have thought.....
U wanted to be a Rep.Dont be mad cuz you're a loser! Dems have dignity.U betrayed our military&our country.u colluded with our enemies
Be careful what you wish for! When Dems wrest control of Senate, Reps will be crying about how unfair a simple majority vote is for them.
Yes. We the people voted in a conservative Congress not wimpy crying liberals. Let's do it.
77000 voters made you President. Crazy!!
Look them in the eye and tell them you are going to take care of them. They both have Crohn's disease.
This is not ready to be voted on. No protection for pre-existing conditions. I want to bring my grandchildren to see you so you can
Not as crazy as you.
Politics are crazy- it's like they live in a parallel universe
8 dims and 3 GOP women
So MANY crazy things lately, huh? Many of us feel the same way. Wonder why?
The way deliberative, purposeful & prudent government works. It's meant to keep tyrants from running away w/unconstrained flights of fancy
Donald Trump you are so uninformed about everything that is good about our democracy.  You don't deserve to represent America.  Sad So Sad!
No Mr. President, 8 Dems do not control the Senate, the people of the United States do.....
Wow who knew politics was so hard? Also can I use you as a reference? I just scored an interview at DumbFucks Inc and I heard you own shares
It was dedigned that way to keep lunatics like you from destroying our country.
so you can run roughshod over the truth?--the senate voted unanimously to thwart your traitorship to putin butcher of allepo
Good they need a better bill to pass not one that hurts half the population
I love OBAMA!  Not you!
Doesn't the fact that u can't get enough votes tell u anything. Maybe the country rejects your plan. Think Donald! Think!
So the men who wrote the Constitution were "crazy" for writing it the way they did. Got it. Thank GOD for separation of powers!

8 Dems and 2 Republicans (in name only) Collins and Murkowski


Stop trying to twist and rewrite the Constitution to suit your plans. If you don't have the votes,

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
No, they don't.  They do not need to jump, just because you say so.  This is not your business. You are not the CEO here, just president.
It's that way for a reason. Going to the 51 vote method should be illegal.  I don't agree with Obamacare or GOPcare both cost me more money.
No.

U have the majority!

If u can't get ur shit 2gther & get full support from ur own party then what ur pushing is the problem.
Your a looser, how many times have you said " repeal replace " on the same day'
its a shame you dont know how congress works
How about an executive order that all members of government must use same healthcare as Americans? That would repeal Owebamacare tmrw!
Wouldn't it be easier to appoint yourself Supreme Commander of the Entire World?
Why would GOP Senators want to stick with a system where they can't get their agenda passed? Makes no sense - unless they want to fail
The Dems are so corrupted.
STOP CHANGING RULES AND LAWS TO SUIT YOU!!  OUR FEDERAL LAWS WERE THERE FOR A REASON AND YOU CAN'T JUST CHANGE THINGS!
This is the silliest thing that has ever been tweeted. Guinness just confirmed you are the proud owner of this dubious accomplishment.
Not crazy, American system 
As reg Rep: R u nuts! What planet r u on?  We control 3 branches of govt. STOP blaming Dems. U make urself look unfit saying such things
McConnell and Republicans should show support for the party, the President, and the citizens who put them there. #KidRockForSenate
Just do it like the NSDAP, and walk out of the Senat and force revotes till you have the absolute majority, to do what ever.
I'm sure you would love total power.
1 Crazy controls the White Hoise. Fire Vladimir Putin.
What they need is to set one set of rules and can't change them every time the people change.(1/3)
Reid brought up the Nuclear Option, but our side is to chicken to use it, (2/3)
I believe he used it to get supreme court nominee
Again wrong-even R's know that you're a traitor
Why is it that the King of this piece of dirt has so little power over the government? Our government is exactly what founders didn't want.
Why are some parts of the constitution completely overlooked ?
Wasn't this country founded on the basis that all citezen would have a vote?
The Senate should not be only votes for anything . America is still we the people !!! or did that part of the constitution get faded out ?
Can they go nuclear on their asses?
Crazy is as crazy does & you be the craziest if then all!
@lis16stev Can't the VP override this?
Smart!
There are reasons for that. If you had more than three active brain cells, you might know that.
YOU MEAN THEY ARE AS CRAZY AS YOU,,,,THATS INSANE
In the meantime,  I will continue ignoring the individual mandate like I have for 7 years...lol.
It's the Constitution maybe you should read it
For impeachment, a 51 vote majority? OK. Let's.
You do not control the Senate. Shut up.
Need to impeach Trump, he is a traitor to the country. Fuck Donny
Just think of how much havoc some one like Obama could have done his first two years under the 51 rule?  America would have been worse.
But we can't do anything with only 52.
Best answer is to elect 59 with VP being 60 vote. Even approaching that number will scare other Dems to get on board.
Agree completely Mr President!  Definitely time for the 51 vote rule to be implemented!
God Bless you, your family and the United States!
Shouldn't have to change the rules to get your way.
There you go again, trashing democracy! Go play with Putin, Erdogan, Assad, Kim Jong Un and your other authoritarian buddies.
Gee shucks - 60?  What a travesty!
I'm guessing you missed that civics class on how government works. Here's a refresher even you can understand.
Welcome to America, jefe
It's called rules...... the senate had rules. Our Gov't has rules... I know it's a shock.....
We have the Senate because the minority must be protected as well as the majority. This is a republic not a pure democracy.
Who are they?
Just as well in this case, you can't even rely on your own party, you are a joke, resign now!
If we go to simple majority, the same should be true of national elections.
You make excuses for failure. Your party is in control. No excuses. #loser #traitor #criminal  #noballs #unfit #russianpuppet
Do it!!!!!!!!
Please give me only one jobs Donald Trump please sir I miss u
nope!  Needs 60
You have to cheat to get your crap bills passed? Hahahaha
Those poor aging republicans that rely on Obamacare are being selfish for blackmailing representatives with their votes.
That their gods drink dreaming.
yea so you can get your own way.
A Prince, whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.
When the shoe has been on the other foot, Republican Congressmembers have not hesitated to filibuster.
Stop whining.  It's NOT fake news because you are an illegitimate nightmare.
Shld WE tell him GOP has the majority in the House and in the Senate, otherwise, he wouldn't be the OCCUPANT in the White House? 
You see? Obamacare isn't failing. YOU ARE!
CALL YOUR SENATOR TO VOTE 'NO' ON HEALTH CARE BILL (202) 224-3121
Wow, I bet you had no idea how crazy it was going to be!
Crazy kind of like how you salon went on the sprat tan, come on get it undercontroll trump
Actually what is crazy is the bonkers POTUS we are stuck with!
Right. It's crazy that the founding fathers made it so no single party can abuse its power.
You Republicans control the Senate and the House and still cannot get anything done. FAIL!
Of course 51 !! A mojority is a majority

So work with them!!!!!!!!!! Mr. President - they and you are supposed to be doing what's best for Americans!!!!!!
Please stop embarrassing everyone.  Hire a tutor for yourself.  I beg you.  I'll buy the flashcards,  They will have bigly letters on them.
Or maybe come up with a better plan that is worthy of 60 votes. What a concept!
Manny changes are needed in the Senate!
Them #DEMSGOTTAGO
You mean 8 Democrats know your health care bill will murder millions of people.
Cry a little louder: Merrick Garland can't hear you.
This is what happens when you win the electoral college but not the popular vote. Majority of us do not want your agenda.
Why do you say that?
So you’re a fan of the simple majority? Great: President Hillary Clinton, then.
you've got to be kidding.  if dems were in control, we would actually have some legislation passed by now.
@Shirley71743729  Want to say Thank you to Sen Boozeman for supporting the Health Care bill.
8 Dems control Senate when 52% Republicans hold the Senate? Explain, please. Your claim is insane and absolutely nonsensical.
