Quit fibbing @realDonaldTrump thanks #EgieWild  @EgieWild http://usuncut.com/news/trump-fabricated-terrorist-attack-louvre-french-womans-response/ … #ImpeachTrump #ExileTrump #Resist #Defy
I wish LePen would have won
He is fighting terrorism Trics..How can he be fired, he has been elected by ppl of US
Hmmm but cant do anythg, ppl of US have to tolerate him like India tolerating Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi
Sweetie how come u on twitter today... Iam back home
O god plz see such coincidence happens often
@politics-logic has a Russian troll site^^^^^
Excuse me?
In other news a Nazi terrorist with photos wearing a MAGA hat kills 17 in a Florida highschool
Quick to tweet about this one weren't you?  Still silent about Quebec, though.  Your prejudices are showing.
Trump is the real terrorist
14 school shootings in the US so far this year. Students locked down. Parents on edge again. GET SMART U.S. and don't let NRA control the conversation on murder control.
this is your chance to take down ISIS #MAGA 
why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
what ur army doing in Iraq and iran, can we call it Christian terror?
ohhh.  And he was ONE EGYPTIAN. Don't know if he was a terrorist yet either.
Keep us Safe Mr President. We trust in you. The terrorist are all around. Hope they dont get to the U.S.
So where is your concern for the folks who died when your ‘fan’ shot up a Mosque in Quebec?  #Hypocrite much?
What about Quebec?  People killed there? No mention of this attack? Oh that's right, Muslims aren't people
Pretty soon you'll go into hiding like Bush did but worst!
the guy had a fuckin knife, get a grip, ur spreading fear #impeachalready
was it same terrorists from the #BowlingGreen massacre?
Why didn't you tweet about the white, extreme-right terrorist who killed six people in a Quebec City mosque?
says who? Where is the evidence of the attacker's attachment to Islam?
Montreal?  America needs protection from you and your fans.
A new radical, white, Trump-fan terrorist last week attacked a mosque in Quebec City. Canada on edge again. GET SMART U.S.!
Good morning Sir I totally agree with you 150% . You're the voice of this great Nation you'll always have my Vote..!! 
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
Mr @realDonaldTrump Just wondering, why don't you relate all other issues to their religous background (Buddhist, Christian, jewish..etc)!
Get em coach. Wipe that shit off the planet.

That person was from Egypt. Why isn't Egypt part of the #MuslimBan ? #ImpeachTrumpAndGOP
How will be get smart against radicals who burn down mosques or go shooting up mosques and planned parenthood?
loool he is egyptian but u didnt ban Egypt. Fuhrer Trump why?
Islam is evil. It must stop. I was Muslim.I escaped the atrocities of Islam.We don't want it here.Ban Islam. Ban sharia law
Taking in maybe terrorists is not American. I am tired of the liberal B.S
ppl areally SO blind these days and just don't want to see the real truth
wow you do attract the pansies don't you
the best part of this tweet is that the terrorist is from a country you didn't ban because you know, gotta make that money
How? With such a dumb president? We are screwed, and not in your typical way of molesting women and unpaid bills.
no doubt because of one presidents incompetence and the fact he cannot differentiate between being a Bully or a Hero,period
Ignore the haters!! They need to overnight some playdoh because we hv 4 years of winning!
attacker from Egypt and living in United Arab Emirates. Neither are on your list of 7 countries with a travel ban.
wtf thats not even true! I guess those are ur so called "alternative facts"?
islamic terrorits is dengrous for the worl they should be kill
For the most part the only Americans getting killed in America are getting killed by Americans.
so u agree the people that voted for u r not smart
over 5 million signatures already against trump
How's today going so far?
.@realDonaldTrump The Louvre attacker seems to be from Egypt. Which you didn't put on your ban list. And where you have several businesses.
.@WalterLRogers2 @realDonaldTrump Hi Walter. Do you spout ignorant bigoted bullshit for a living or is this just a hobby?
Is that a band like U2 or a band like ZZ Top?
I think it's more a supergroup, like the Travelling Wilburys.
Not McBusted?
Way too fashionable.
The Iran-Iraq War was due to differences over the musical direction of the band.
A frightened nation is easier to control, though it doesn't make better decisions. Is that why you're trying to scare us?
You seem very ready to freak us out about an attack in Paris where no one died, but the attack in Quebec...silence. 
exactly
A White Male Domestic Terrorist attacked Americans indiscriminately in Las Vegas.
 UNITED WE STAND 
A White American,,,shot 600 Americans in La Vegas....Deport White People
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge a...
Another attack.  Soon coming to America, and DEMS will welcome them.
Where was your "GET SMART U.S." tweet when a Trump supporter carried out a terrorist attack on Muslims?
so your gonna focus on one trump supporter attack as opposed to the how many anti trump attacks?? :)
The number you're looking for is ZERO.
rubbish I've seen the videos myself of anti trump people attacking trump supporters can't be honest can you
So, my question is: Are you deliberately disingenuous, or do you just not realize you are being so?
using violence and means intimidation is the very definition of terror firstly.
2/2 and judging by Trump's doings, they're very successful. He's giving them what they want.
are you for real? What star were you dropped from?
New radical terrorist are the white supremacists, but by all means hug and support them.
Carrie, have YOU nothing better to do??
ummm.. Who the hell are u?
Lol. You're quite simple, aren't you? That's okay. I know things can b confusing for one of ur intellect.
Recover from what,  chickadee?
Ican!zzz saxsax0exwc weekend,f2grgd f2f vas
Get your "facts" straight.  He's from Egypt. Not on your ban list so he must not be terrorist. #resist #ImpeachTrump
get the facts. This tweet is irresponsible, inaccurate and guy was Egyptian. Failed to mention that #nottheLouvre #fakenews
Did you add Egypt to the ban yet? Why not? This guy was from there as was Mohammad Atta. Did you forget to never forget?

this is fake news honey. It was in the mall. There was no lock down. The man was immediately taken down.
stay safe America sack that judge who let this scum into your country
NOT in Louvre Museum but outside the Carrousel du Louvre MALL. Also the man was EGYPTIAN...just to correct the confusion...
more alternative facts? This is so not the truth.
That "radical Islamic terrorist" had 2 backpacks of... spraypaint. Yikes! Better include Egypt in your ban. Graffiti kills!
you are such a drama queen,  OMG! Fake news.  So sad! Go do some work.
local schools in America get shot up regularly by American kids. May as well ban guns as well right... no? Thought not.
Let our military take care of Islamic terrorist, they need free reign to protect our country.
Try to be smart indeed ! In France we keep quiet and we try to think before acting.
Mr. President, what are your plans to improve the transportation industry?
Europeans would like you to stop lying about our country's. Stop using our country's to justify your sick way of thinking.
why not tweet about  and condemn the terroir shooting in Canada at a Islamic Mosque, during evening prayers?
Please sir, check your facts you are misinformed.
time to update this information, as it is inaccurate. I know you don't like "fake" news.
"getting smart," that'll be pretty difficult for you, won't it?
Trump ignored the mass shooting that occurred at a mosque in Quebec.
Meetup sent 7 emails to a 11 year old and got his info from Miami Dade School system. Help PLEASE Betsy DeVos
Agree, Again we need the ban! Keep our Country safe! America First!
prayers <3 +++
VOTED FOR YOU NOT COURTS TO MAKE DECISIONS FOR OUR COUNTRY! PLEASE STOP THEM!! MAKE A DIFFERENT ORDER, WORD IT DIFFERENTLY!
Dear POTUS. He is from Egypt. You remember Egypt, right? You didn't BAN anyone from there.
it was a mall-not the museum. And an Egyptian from one of your preferred countries. Stunning lie!
He is from Egypt and lived in the United Arab Emirates! Own goal! Do your homework!
You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
The terrorist is from Dubai, sir, one of the countries you chose not to ban. I wonder why...
...Tell Me About Christian Terrorism Or Jewish Terrorism !! Hiroshima , Nagasaki ,Vietnam Afghanistan ,Iraq,Granada !
it wasn't the museum, you crack-head!  It was Carrousel du Louvre shopping mall. What are you smoking?
fear was used by Hitler to convinced Germans that Jews were EVIL...sounds familiar 
That man's nation of origin? NOT ONE OF THE NATIONS YOU BANNED.
I see Ryan pence and McConnell impeaching you for pence
@PamiBoots   It wax not the Louvre museum it was the carousel fu louvre. The mall that sells trinkets plus he was Egyptian
@POTUS moronic comments
be afraid, be very afraid...#Sad
please don't use France to promote your racist politic,  at this moment any news about the men......
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
got answer from #Paris
#DumpTrump #NoBanNoWall #NoMuslimBan
#TheResistance #resist #Trump #ResistTrump
I thought it was only about the US. Why do you care what happens in Parris?
jag knullar dig
they don't like the truth DJT that's why they keep fighting you push and keep pushing
The attack was at a mall, not THE Louvre, you boob.
you are fake news
you are not my president
fact check.The guy was from Egupt. It was not at the museum. No tourists locked down. Get your facts straight.
and what country did he come from?
Like how we all saw right through your ban on countries EXCEPT ones you have businesses in? #RESIGN

@POTUS Really? FAKE information!
are you really that stupid?! The attack was at a MALL, not the museum. I hope you have a heart attack on live television.
All followers of Islam aka Muslims are a threat, only refugees leaving Islam should be given sanctuary.
The left won't understand the serious danger until there is more death in the US from Islamic Terrorists. It's sad.
what about Canada or are you ignoring that as he was a white Trump supporter #Awkward
fear mongering, what next? A false flag attack contrived by President Bannon?
Yup. One guy with a machete. Not in the Louvre Museum at all. And from Egypt. A country not on the list (not in your $$$$).
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
Left Not Smart!
wasn't the attacker... from EGYPT?  Not part of your Travel Ban?  Why is that?
FAKE NEWS! ALTERNATIVE FACTS! FEAR MONGERING!  Take your pick.
Stop lying ya goose @realDonaldTrump
@LizizFineBan Islam!Tired of this pattie cake BS.If you are a Muslim you can't come in the US there is no right that u have
Check facts before you engage your thoughts. You really seem stupid when you don't fact check.
It wasn't in the Louvre Museum, it was in the mall Carrousel du Louvre. And for sure France is not on edge again.
Errrr, Wrong.
They won't,  until it happens in the US,  Live and learn.  Sometimes a hot stove is a childs play toy,  same for democrats.
right U.S get smart and get rid of trumpet and put Obama back
@POTUS The funny part, the attacker was an Egyptian man, and not banned from entry to the U.S. ?
A 29-year-old Egyptian and resident of the United Arab Emirates, He was issued a visa in Dubai. Not on your ban list, funny
Attacker vas Egyptian und not part ov your ban. How did dat vork out?
What about the terrorist attack that happened on American soil? Minnesota Muslims not America enough for you? They are your citizens too!
EVERYONE is telling you to do that.
اذا كنت رجل فعلا
 اثبت كلامك باافعال وليس اقوال
get your facts straight. Oh yeah,# alternative facts
Make sure you say Louvre right on news shows so you can make them drink liberal tears. It sounds like 'Lew-Verah'. #MAGA
Alternative facts. Nothing occurred in the Louvre. I know you hate pesky facts. #RememberBowlingGreenMassacre
I agree
no mention of the Canadian terrorist who killed six Muslims right in front of a mosque in Canada, Mr. President?
Fear monger, hate monger, bully. Cut out the nonsense & lead. These poor people have been vetted! Humanity is the answer!
you, sir are an incompetent, blustering, lying, bully. You can't even get your lies straight. You WILL be impeached No lie
How about your white supporter who killed 6 Canadians in Quebec last week?  U Bad American!  Bad Christian! #potus #Trump
the guy is from Egypt, right? One of the countries you didn't ban. Hmm..wonder why. Bad!
This is wrong on so many levels. #altfacts #America #AmericanHorrorStory #thewhitehouse
So you'll be banning people from Egypt from entering the US no doubt..
A little empathy for the French won't go astray!
Any thoughts on the Quebec City slaughter? Just wondering...
wrong! Again!
you & your alternative facts.  Your pants are on fire, again
oh check the facts before you go online! It's not in Museum! And no hostage drama! You are #fakenews #factsmatter
I don't think the lefties will get smart at all. @MargotBirckhead
There are two powers in motion both powers want to dominate the world, one power is China, the other Islam.
Get your facts straight before speaking out. It seems you made an alternative fact out of this situation at hand.
Amazing how many citizens are worried about Devos, but not worried about terrorist entering the U.S. "up-side-down"
please dont mess up this country as it is
the attack was in a mall......alternative facts.
