You endorsed the guy who was appointed by a now-indicted governor into the seat held by a person now under criminal investigation. Swampy.
Support Doug Jones - Dem candidate for #ALSEN

prosecuted KKK bombers

@GDouglasJones
http://dougjonesforsenate.com  
#alabama  #FlipItBlue
Doug Jones
Son of Alabama
Former US Attorney for Northern District of AL
Staff for Sen. Howell Heflin
#ALSEN
Psycho Roy Moore - Removed from the AL court for Unconstitutional lawbreaking

Doesn't know what "DACA" is
Corrupt Swamp Dweller Strange Luther

Voted for Trumpcare to destroy Medicaid

2 in 3 nursing home residents in #Alabama rely on #Medicaid
https://twitter.com/BaldwinDemocrat/status/904549314621526017 …
54th Anniversary of the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing

#DougJonesforSenate #ALSEN #Alabama #CivilRights
(1/?) It was an honor to escort the wreath set at 16th Street Baptist where a bomb exploded 54 years ago today 
Repeal and Replace Jeff Sessions' senate seat!

Doug Jones in a statistical tie w/ both Repub candidates

#ALSEN
http://www.emerson.edu/sites/default/files/ECPS_AL_9.11_Press_Release.pdf …








Most of us aren't in Alabama though.
A Trump endorsement is not a good thing...
If I were running for office the last thing I'd want would be a Trump endorsement!
Alabama doesn't even support Trump anymore!
For god's sake Melania doesn't even support Trump anymore


Support Doug Jones - Dem candidate for #ALSEN
prosecuted KKK bombers
@GDouglasJones
http://dougjonesforsenate.com  
#alabama #FlipItBlue
POTUS What are you doing endorsing Strange? He is the swamp! Vote Judge Roy Moore Alabama
I'm sure he is just "checking" the McConnell box...besides, who plays the game and wins in the Art of the Deal better than Trump?
He's the best. But.... wrong move here.
#ArtofTheDeal
@realDonaldTrump nods to McConnell's RINO @lutherstrange & Trusts #MAGABAMA to deliver @MooreSenate! #AlSen #MooreSenate #Al
Wouldn't it be awesome if @realDonaldTrump goes to Alabama, everyone chants "MOORE MOORE MOORE" and Trump says, "MAGA Knows Best. Moore!"
I'm banking on it
thank you for caring about Michigan!! Young entrepreneurs @theLoveliCoast thank you too

Vote Moore
Name 1.








If you're looking to drain the swamp, you're backing the wrong candidate. #Moore4Senate
Please don’t protest...just go vote for Judge Roy Moore.
Moore will most likely win. I just think it would be a good thing to show Trump who his base actually is.
Moore actually is for a lot of things Trump is for
Now if only Trump would actually do those things.
I don't blame him 100% if congress would get off their asses and do what they said they would do we would be a lot better off
Luther Strange supports the filibuster rule you have been begging the Senate to get rid of! You are a fool for supporting McConnell's boy!
You will regret backing the swamp candidate! He is losing the race by double digits because the people want to drain the swamp!
How do you plan on draining the swamp if you endorse swamp candidates? Who the hell is advising you? @KellyannePolls telling you to do this?
Do you ever learn from your mistakes? You endorsed Paul Ryan, you endorsed McCain, you endorsed Rubio to run again! They all backstabbed u!
You were elected to drain the swamp not let the swamp drain you! You look absolutely clueless not knowing Luther Strange is the swamp!
I support @MooreSenate! Trump supporters wont be fooled into backing a candidate endorsed by McConnell the swamp boss!
All the real Trump supporters, Hannity, Ingraham, Sarah Palin, Bannon are supporting Moore! You are drinking swamp kool aid!
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
WHO CARES WHERE YOU'LL BE!!
An endorsement from YOU says who NOT to vote for!! You are a malignant cancer in the body politic!!!
You free for a movie on Sunday?
Was thinking about seeing the one with the clown. Thought you'd enjoy it.
They made a movie about Obama already?
Yeah they did. It was called The Greatest American Hero. @BarackObama, a REAL President.
What world are you from? Please enlighten me with a least one example to back your claim.

False
Oh, gosh, thanks for setting me straight with that brilliant rebuttal. What was I thinking, a mere woman, trying to make a point with men?
POLL

Will Luther Strange win with the Presidents support??

Vote below and Retweet!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can do that by stepping aside and stop yelling.
Yeah, why does he have to yell?
If you aren't smart enough to"no." 
POTUS It is way past! Do your sworn duty to the office.

Lmao real losers.
61% of the people want her to retire. But retire in a jail cell.
We are on your side. But way past time for The Blind lady of Justice to go to work.
134K votes and you da man!
What Happened.
What Happened



@POTUS, You've been SNOOKERED BIGTIME..You're Too Savvy Not 2 Know that It'll Cost you...give Equal Time 2 Judge Roy Moore at the VERY LEAST

Taking Alabama Values to BroKen Corrupt Washington 
#MAGA @POTUS Trump @realDonaldTrump 
Alabama Vote Judge @MooreSenate





You do know he's going to lose right? Which is not a win for Alabama.  Vote #DougJones
#DougJonesforSenate can win this if we unite and fight. Please follow @GDouglasJones and share donation page http://dougjonesforsenate.com  #ALSEN

President Trump tries2defeatChristian, ConstitutionalConservative Judge Moore in Alabama in favor of RINO Luther Strange!
President Trump tries2defeatChristian, ConstitutionalConservative Judge Moore in Alabama in favor of RINO Luther Strange!
@Team_Trump45 Spent approx3000 hrs.supporting your campaign w/my13000 followers&2300FB friends!Why do you spit in my face?
Because  DonaldTrump is a Dem-donating opportunist w no real convictions. We tried to warn you but u wldnt listen @Team_Trump45
Really? Don't you like Judge Ray Moore better?
Sorry sir. Strange is Mitch & Ryan's flip-flop buddy. We do not need MORE swamp! Judge Roy Moore is better for us!
Dear President Trump, where is the special commission you have promised us to look into the crimes of Hilary???
President Trump, have you abandoned Constitutional ChristianConservatives like Judge Moore in favor of RINO Luther Strange?
Just don't get your feelings hurt when vote Judge Roy Moore into that seat. We want Moore, not Strange.

@Team_Trump45 President Trump, why are you going to Alabama to support RINO Strange against Conservative Judge Moore????
WTF?!? See this is what happens when all the Conservatives are eliminated from the White House!
HELL NO!! We Don't Want the SWAMP Getting MORE "Things Done"! U REALLY Think the MitchMcCON Job will Love U 4 This??
only thing Big Luther gets done is back room swamp deals. We support u but NOT #dirtyluther. Drain the swamp not fill it!
@realDonaldTrump , you are making a HUGE mistake backing Luther Strange.  He IS the swamp!  I support you but not here!
Excuse me! Isn't Luther Strange the GOP Establishment candidate?? WTF?? You are starting to confuse the  out of your supporters.
Judge Roy Moore is more of a Trump supporter than Luther Strange. We are voting for Moore!
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence STRANGE is part of the do nothing RINO/GOP Establishment SWAMP. STRANGE is an ENEMY of #WeThePeople and #USA
This is a mistake.  The People want Roy Moore.
USA needs God, and Judge Roy Moore understands this best. He will be the most qualified person in the Senate.
Thankyou President Trump for all you do on the Nations behalf. You and your family are awesome!
GREAT CROWD FOR DJT
Oof!  Let the people decide without interference.
Stay home. Nobody wants you. How much will this cost us?
I think you're wrong on this one, Mr President. I'm still glad I cast my vote for you, but I think you're backing the wrong candidate.
Wrong man, vote for Judge Roy....
We all love you, but are praying for Judge Roy Moore to win that seat.
Not happy about this
Have to disagree with you on this endorsement, Sir. 
Roy Moore is a solid choice. But keep up the good work @potus & #MAGA
Mr.P,
That dude, Strange is talkin' some bad shit 'bout you like you're a no good fuckin' liar and that. Darn, what you gonna do, bad boy?
Respectfully Mr. President, Roy Moore is a much more qualified candidate.
You will lead a great time.
I prefer Judge Moore.
Disappointed in you sir!  This is a wrong call!
He is getting is campaign funded by McConnell. How much has McConnel gotten done 4ya? Moore isn't part of the Swamp. Strange was a lobbiest
You are totally crazy.
Why strange? He was against you from the start!
hitting up my Alabama Followers!! He Seems to be a Friendly Guy Too!! Let's Show Em our Votes @UofAlabama @Alabama_Shakes
Come to papa
You should be supporting the winner Judge Roy Moore
Good maybe he can accidentally run you over LOL
Mr. Trump please don't sell us out we are counting on U. Please Don't change your mind on the climate control
Hillbillies, Sessions, the KKK; & all the other rednecks love Trump The Clown.  Ignorance & uneducated is no way to go through life. Losers
Thanks for lettin' me know! I'll spread the word to friends & family to stay the hell away!!! *whew* #DiseaseAvoided
Mr. @realDonaldTrump You say #DrainTheSwamp, Big Luther is part of the swamp. Lukewarm on Gun Rights. Backroom deal to get appointed. #MAGA
supporting @MooreSenate!! Much better person than Luther Strange!"morals"
Maybe he could help get you done
Impeachment, impeachment, impeachment
Finally we have a Real President who will protect his Country and get America back on track! Thank You Sir!!!
Don't do it @POTUS. He'll be right in line 2 pull impeachment lever.Would be as bad as endorsement of traitor mccain. @MooreSenate WILL win.
Luther may be a great guy, but he is a McConnell crony, & no help in advancing MAGA agenda. U should be campaigning for Judge Moore! SHAME!!
I already disliked Strange but with your support I like him even less.  Vote Doug Jones!! Save Alabama!
Just read Luther Strange favors open borders. True or False? Also read he is receiving large amts of money from China. T or F?
Sorry, Mr President but you're backiing the wrong horse.  Big Luther is part of the swamp.  Roy Moore all the way.
Strange is gonna lose to Roy Moore.

We prefer Judge Roy Moore
NO @realDonaldTrump HE IS A GLOBALIST! These are they who betray!
Don't know much about him but if you say he is good that's good enough for me. Hope Mr. Strange wins!
Got to say NO to Big Swampy! "Tall" is no reason to vote for someone. Although "short" is definitely a reason to vote against someone.
Big Luther.... well, he's tall. That's about it. Moore doesn't compromise, he stands for what he believes. Won't be voting for big swampy!
Moore is the man---not Big Luther!
Sounds like a good way to spend tax payer money! Lying phony conman crook. @DRUDGE_REPORT @nytimes @CNN @MSNBC @SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP
#LutherStrange is also a bigot. But, then, you are, too. Two peas in a pod.
Pres.Trump, Alabama is about2teach you that the people who elected you "stand 4something",when they elect Judge Roy Moore!
If you are supporting him, that can't be good.  Resign.  Thanks.
President Trump, does your words have value?Why say disgraced Gov. Bentley appointee Luther Strange"gets things done"!
@Team_Trump45 Pres.Trump, you do know"disgraced http://Gov.Bentley  sent RINO Strange2USSenate"?Why?What?Is this you?
@Team_Trump45 Why insert the "Power of the Presidency" in the Alabama Senate election against an Alabama Hero!
Who really wants your support? You're toxic
Now if only the White House could impeach you
#RESIGN
Vote for Moore, Trumps true choice
Mr. President you don't know who's on your side & that is Roy Moore. You should be supporting him.
We don't want you here!
you can keep trying but you know you lost by more then 3m.votes. LOSER!!! 
@Team_Trump45   Trump,why trash Patriot Roy Moore? He is Warrior for what is right &just!Shame on you for this misdeed!
What did he say to trash Roy Moore? I must have missed it.
He is supporting Luther Strange, who is trashing Judge Moore! Therefore, Trump is complicit!
Isn't that the exact word the leftist use aganst Ivanka for NOT trashing her dad? Trump should be held accountable for what he himself says.
No God please go to Coleman with the real racist people.
Cullman*
Thanks my brother
, HC?
Nah g I can't
Cool
I wish man it's y'all 10 year I know y'all gonna take off




New hats
Model #3 is surely near its sell by date

Melania took a safari jacket with her when they went to FL. Someone had to tell her that she wasn't there to hunt survivors but to help them
TELL ME ONE THING TRUMP IS BETTER THAN OBAMA AT. I'LL WAIT...
Well...he's president now and Obama isn't. I see your still yelling 
It's not like Obama can be president for more than 8 years in a row.
Thank God!!!
So you have gained great wealth in 8 months have you?Trump has made no ones lives better or more beneficial.Only Trump has made money off us
Why isn't President Trump working instead of campaigning for Luther Strange? #TrumpTheHypocrite
Trump has already worked more in 7 months than Obama did in 8 years!! Not being a hypocrite, he actually WORKS! Get a clue 
Hmmmmm, did this study come from the same place that predicted a Hillary win? Please...
Thank You Mr. President!


Thought you said 9-11 was an inside job.   #TrumpResign  #MAGA #TheResistance
In honor of @SarahHuckabee saying Jemele Hill should be fired, let's look at how the media disrespected @POTUS44 .
"Those who don't agree 2 cooperate will Be considered Disloyal, Unpatriotic, Anarchists who must not Be tolerated"
HRC mentions @kathygriffin's scandal @ RNC Con. pple were selling shirts wth her severed head &"no 1 said a word."
#DEPLORABLES were ok when a certain reality star had his political views on @POTUS44  …
Donald Trump never fails to let people know that he's the president
This whole #MAGA Slogan is BS, cus U already admitted to defrauding ordinary AMERICANS
#DumpTRUMP #FRAUD #LIAR
DRINK UP #Trump supporters
#ImpeachTrump #MAGA #TheResistance
Luther Strange is McConnell Swamp Creature!  #DrainTheSwamp 
My @POTUS will be here in my hometown to continue his support for a great Alabamian God tells me to vote @MooreSenate #AlabamaValues #MAGA
It will be his fifth visit to Alabama
No DACA. No withdraw from Paris Accord. Watered down Muslim ban. No wall. No healthcare. What did your MAGA's vote for, again? 
But, BY GOD, you and your MAGA's stand for the Anthem 
And salutes uniformed door openers without a coffee cup, and puts his hand over his heart, sort of, when Melania reminds him to.

Newsflash: Reddit is not news. Your bullet points are fantasy. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/trump-administration-wont-withdraw-from-paris-climate-deal-1505593922 …
Yea that image sure makes that statement true.... lmao not

Good rebuttal.. oh again not.. haha
Um. I included the link. Politifact. You lack basic intelligence
Who is running the Country You or General Kelly. We voted for you NOT Kelly, to be our President !
With all due respect, President Trump, I believe #RoyMooreForAlabama should win. He's a much better #MAGAPill
You went there just to cause trouble with your big mouth
Strange didn't get this one done after all..Association with you, Mr. Trump, didn't help him at all.
our president is a fool
Luther lost.  Your endorsement was useless
I need your support also cause ,I  also make good things done
FAIL!!
No not a great guy. A monster just like you.
Just like the KKK had some good guys, your a joke go back to the apprentice.
Another loss for you!
Worst President in US history
Pakistani lost against terror more than 90k and u said there is no efforts
Lol thought you always pick winners
Please define "immediately".  We are on month 8 #LyinTrump
Today marks the 200th day of defeating ISIS in 30 days.
Donald hate to say this Strange stands with McConnell we don't need him with you. He will work against you sorry SIR.
Have some fun with #MooreSenate friends eager to work with you as we tweet up #MooreSenate!
CBO suggests Trump admin at fault for Obamacare's rising costs @CNNPolitics
Have some fun with #MooreSenate friends eager to work with you as we tweet up #MooreSenate!
Shutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutupshutup... & please resign.
Yup. That just about sums it up. I might have added a shutthefuckup, but that's just a personal preference 
I was trying to be polite ... I did say *please* lol. 
Amnesty Don endorses open border candidate and Chamber of commerce puppet Luther Strange
Cucked Donald Trump endorses another Never Trumper just like when he endorsed Paul Ryan and McCain!
Donald Trump once again goes against his base wishes and backs the Swamp candidate!
President Trump takes wild risk by wasting his political capital on Luther Strange who will be crushed by Moore
Isn't this disgusting. gets worse by the minute. Complete sell out of his base to #Globalism and #Swampism. #Kelly #Jared #McMaster #Nikki
Ha! Ha!!
He is part of the swamp sir.
Mr President, want to create jobs? Bury all power lines on the cost lines. As a Country we need to be proactive and not reactive
President Trump I told my mentor I was going to ask you to do a shout out for my credit repair business. He said good luck

Dang, he didn't win. Wake up tiny lil' hands...your divisiveness is not wanted!
oh shit one more
Oops
I think you meant to say "Big Loser"
lock truck up
go big Luth!!!
Covefefe !
With all due respect, Roy Moore has COURAGE and THAT is what we need at this hour, Mr. President. I love you though!!  Praying for you ...
@realDonaldTrump What's going on with you? You're backing ppl  McConnell wants but NOT ppl that will #MAGA. #DTS 
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
I visited Alabama once and d's decided never again. I was recruiting at University of Alabama and never witnessed such bigotry in my life.
do you have to come back
Man shut the fuck up. .  No one likes u
Professional presentation in Alabama for Big Luther, glad you mentioned about United States flag.
Poor Luther! Needs You for support :(
I sure wish McCain had been the Republican candidate this year. Miss the old GOP.
He has little hands. Like you.
Like you? Bwahahaha
Amen
It's clear to me that you're just a pitiful racist.
We'll see....
We don't want him!!!! He is part of the swamp.
Take lessons from "Big Luther" He "gets things done" YOU don't!
Great speech
Luther is a rino. Stop feeding the establishment.
Stay out of my hometown.
I respect you, and you will always be my president. But I am sad you are standing with Strange and not Moore!
Stop caving to The Swamp!  Roy Moore for Senate.  #NoDACA 
Love it. You true American thinking Hispanic!
Sorry
Roy Moore is coming
War Eagle! Vote Roy Moore! Strange is just another McConnell Swamp lap dog!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Trump and Luther Strange. A total disgrace!
Yet, the past president used air Force one for vacation after vacation for his " extended" family.
That's a lie. 
No, no, no. We don't need another establishment politician. Please support Judge Roy Moore.
@mooreSenate, no more establishment backstabbing politicians who only care about their DONORS
