The reason there are refugees from those countries is that the U.S bombed them, sanctioned them, or sponsored coups
Send them to California
and the last terrorist attack in France was someone from Egypt!
and?
is that the only thing that you care about.
Hey donald, I made this for you
Maybe we should take a lesson from Germany??? Immigrants there commit less crime than citizens...
You *ARE* aware armed toddlers kill more Americans annually than refugees... right? Maybe we can deport them first???
Do they do it on purpose?
your doing a great job Pace yourself this is going to be a long hual.
Mr. Trimp, you lost the pop vote by 3m. Majority of US hates you. You've the lowest approval ratings EVER. You're. A. Joke.
Are the other 28% little orange men from Uranus?
набежали обама виноват
Hillary lost the popular vote, check your fact if you can handle it.
After ladies toilet is opened again after cleaning, 100% ladies enter the toilet. Coincidence?
That is because refugees become refugees in places of war, and those are the country’s at war
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA & YEMEN
It's so sad that even in a democracy, the people just cannot have their say because of pathetic politics!

You caused by stopping the flow: Line backs up, court reopens, bigly line coming in again. No mystery-just fear mongering.
And your point is????????????
wtf is wrong with you dude? Holy embarrassing batman!
Refugees are not illegal immigrants Don.
A smart American knows about the Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees.
So what's your point? Do you even know what a refugee is??
And the courts weren't "broken down". You were checked and balanced for a THIRD time.
And you mean "COURT DOING ITS JOB WITHIN THE CONSTITUTION" by the way.
from someone who served immediately after 9/11; not from your country...you're delusional. You have no idea what it takes.
by court breakdown you mean defending the constitution and the ideals of our founding fathers?
COURT BREAKDOWN? Isn't that when they pick up the basketball floor? Unfairly! Sad! Ivanka, kiss Daddy in the special place.
How many were terrorists????
1 somalian born has been terrorising their track team for years @Mo_Farah
hahaha yea i know! I laugh so much when i have friends and family hating on somalia then i remind ....
Them about people like @Mo_Farah or even @amirkingkhan and the story changes hahaha
same with Andy Murray 
im happy to hate on khan all day tbf not a fan
Reagan ended problem when he ordered a present  to Gadaffi's little sister. US was perceived as weak, they killed Steven.
yet non of the afformentioned countries have caused terrorist attacks in U.S. And still you stay silent on Saudi Arabia
Those countries have better presidents then U.S!
REFUGEES. They'e been through the rigorous process of getting refugee status because they're in danger, you monster. @realDonaldTrump.
Aaand, what's your point? #dumptrump2020
false. Fact check
where's the no nonsense outsider I voted for? Why did you get the biggest insider as your COS? He's undermining your agenda
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump So hate to tell ya Jared... But trump is a fraud
TALK ABOUT BREAKDOWNS! HOW ABOUT DAT SICK BREAKDOWN IN EVERY IMMOLATION SONG EVER! MAKE DEATH METAL NY AGAIN!
makes a bit of sense like a backlog of people from there would be entering, no?
Canadian mum turned away at the U.S. border control, she was asked about her views on @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/ajplus/status/831055569574260736/video/1 …
We can turn away anyone! For any reason!! Coming to America is a PRIVILEGE not a Right! Get over yourself 
wow...
it's a fact 
ok. But why are you so angry?
I'm not angry. I find it obnoxious people think it's their god given right to enter this country. It not
ok. We've always been friendly neighbours, surprised I guess. Have a good day...
Being friendly neighbors has nothing to do with it... 
You have a good day as well
Refugees typically hail from war zones / persecution
.wow
Yes, because those are the broken countries where most vetted REFUGEES would come from, as opposed to visitors/immigrants.
Please tweet SOMETHING that lets us know you understand this very important distinction.
Also, you lost the popular vote by a lot.
Seriously Pop vote does not matter do you even know why our founding fathers have the Electoral college in place
and 3 major cities will not be allowed to determine our election.
But the majority of the country should. The winner-takes-all model subverts democracy.
how much of NY city and LA and CHicago depend on govt handouts? Educate yourself-rest if the country tired of it
actually NY is the 41st, IL is 45th, and CA is 46th LEAST federally dependent state. https://wallethub.com/edu/states-most-least-dependent-on-the-federal-government/2700/ … #fact
terrorists have killed a total of 94 Americans in the US, but 11,564 are gunned down yearly our own people. Go after them!
good point but u left out the victims of 911. Yes, still lower than from US.
That 94 # is those killed in the US by terrorists since 911 & more are killed by US gun owners than 911 + 11,000+ yearly for past 16 yrs.
