So proud! Pres. Xi & Madame must have been impressed by your adorable children! Too cute!
Actually, probably NOT! Proper diplomacy in Chinese culture doesn't endorse kids performing 4 foreign dignitaries, specially if own children
Well apparently she uses her children as props just like her dear old daddy. he uses anyone and anything to make himself look better Gross!
Agree, Eleanor! What drives me crazy is all these pple who think this is soooo cute would have had a fit if these had been the Omaba girls
The Obama girls would roll eyes and snicker when Obama pardoned the turkey at Thanksgiving.  Couldn't even hold it together for ceremony.
even those children are well mannered, educated and respectful. Class act. The entire family. 
Yes, bc 45 such a class act. Did U see him on campaign trail? Perhaps U missed B.Bush video. Nothing says class act like boasting on TV ...
The Von Trump kids run America? Sad  They don't represent us Americans whatsoever. Get a few mechanics & fishermen in that welcome party
And abortion is?
I am against all abortion and against Donald 250 %. He is not pro life . He is pro nothing but his ego
He already has made A@erica safer
Class and Grace have once again come to the White House. 

America visited by world leaders recognizing the strength and stability of  Trump
Lol there's no strength or stability with the Trump family of grifters.
Trump and his entire family are the strength of America
Trump and his family bring Grace back to the White House
Family of grifters
Family of gifters bringing Grace and respect bact to the White House
If you want your children to be protected from the press (and they should be protected), don't use them to garner support for your father.
It was okay for Obama eh?  Endless vacations, Mandela etc.
President Obama visited Nelson Mandela. Donald Trump has a hard on for dictators, doesn't like Pope Frank, and doesn't like the White House.
Really? Nobody cares what your privilege and inherited wealth buy besides a position at the WH. The Chinese look annoyed btw.
Not annoyed. In China，we usually ask children performance for guests ，which is a kind of showing friendship and respect.
This is so embarrassing
Your jealous is all
They're gonna turn out like that crooked family they're born into.  #nosympathy
When those kids are grown up they're going to learn that grandpa was the worst pres the US ever had & the reason why they're no longer rich.
US and China are both great countries. Glad to see we share the benefits and cherish friendship. As a Chinese student in the US, I'm proud.
Everyone should be proud & want 2 show off their kids, but this is ridiculous. Making kids perform for dignitaries is beyond words. #circus
And have you seen child beauty pageants?
Proud to say, NO I haven't seen child beauty peagents but what diff does that make? Does your question have any relevance to my argument?
very good(*^-^*)
@realDonaldTrump That was precious! You're a great mother. God bless! #ProudMommy
汉语是很难学的，现在就开始学习汉语，真的很有远见，厉害  还有汉语是最美丽的语言
Awww, poor lil rich kiddies, mommy, daddy, gramma, grumpy look on w pride while poor ppl pay & kids suffer. OK I should stop, too bitter.
If U & @jaredkushner cared abt peeps you'd get out of gov & let someone qualified work for us

Stop using kids 2 build brand

#BadParenting

Pls be mindful of proper etiquette . In Asian cultures, kids have no place in political and diplomatic engagements . How awkward for Pres Xi
Didn't quite do the trick....
R/T 
#RussiaGate
"Trump’s Made in America Slogan Doesn’t Fit Ivanka’s Clothing Line" #HypocriteInChief #ErraticTrump #Russiagate
That's cute! Hopefully she's old enough to remember it forever!
She’s already a little star  in China!  She’s just adorable and so intelligent at just 6 years-old
I love the unity in family and the grace
& once-again costing working taxpayers $$$$$$ - spend more time doing your job at the WH & less time golfing...
Absolutely adorable. What a memory maker that will be! #MAGA
WTF is this shit?
How long did the Nanny work with them on that? We all know you 1%ers The staff raises the kids. Will the kids be visiting Grandpa in jail
Did the kids sing in Chinese? Well done.
Beautiful diplomacy. #MAGA
You are raising awesome children
Proud Grandpa!
- thank you. It is nice to see human kindness at work no matter the language.
@Diana1273 @bethkirksey @JordanUhl how effing awkward-Ivanka parades her kids in front of a world leader & wife to sing a song
Does she really think the prez of China came here to see her kids?This is not the Upper East Side pre-school PTA meeting, you know #clueless
Get out of our politics. No one voted for you.
I love this whole family involvement!  What beautiful and charming children and grand children the Trumps have raised! 
Remember the American Revolution - it was against elitist families like yours
Wish peaceful development between China and United States
Excellent mom & wife. Kudos!!
Pimping your kid out for fun and profit. That's how #Complicit rolls! 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/apr/19/ivanka-trump-brand-china-trademarks-day-us-president-met-xi-jinping … #Shameless #Unethical #Hypocrite
Beautiful 
Wow,we come closer,wish to make friends with American
Absolutely lovely & thoughtful entertainment for our honored Chinese guests.
Top Drawer. Thank you!
Ivanka ask the father what he did with Syria???
Also we don't appreciate u making policy or dictating military action. That is not ur place. Get out of the White House. And take ur man.
@realDonaldTrump The world is so much safer with you on watch Ivanka
I feel bad for the Chinese guests for having to endure this shit show.
233
Great opportunity for your children.  They will cherish it forever.
BARF!!!!!!
Soooo adorable Ivanka
How many new contracts did mom & dad benefit. $$$ Must take after POTUS. .America's Got Talent here they come.
Millions of American children would have loved to meet them and perform for them; why did only yours get that chance? #NotAMonarchy
wow, talk about making memories
看来全世界的孩子都难逃被家长拉着在长辈面前背诗
Were they paid for their performance? No one cares about your kids, they do care about your father and husband, both should be in jail.
It's cringeworthy watching Ivanka  kissing Trump's ass when she is on TV. Afraid to piss off the dictator #Spineless #ThisIsNotDemocracy
The sweetest thing ever....so proud of entire Trump family...thank you all 
Wow, such hate. I voted for this and it makes me happy. Respectful and classy.
This has gone viral in China.  They love it.  Trump does it again!  Suck it haters!
She was Adorable Ivanka, I'm sure it's been so disturbing how some groups have behaved against POTUS , your dignity & eloquence are great.
Where's Barron? Is he not allowed to be in the same room with you?
It's hard enough for an adult... he's young and needs his rest for a good education!  Be a good parent and use your brain!
Oh, so it's ok for Ivanka's children? Is she not using her brain?
Многие российские женщины очень ошибались на ее счёт. Она оказалась демоном.
This is embarrassing
reading the hateful comments in this thread about a nice moment involving their Children reminds me why Hillary only won 16% of the counties
Adorable!
@realDonaldTrump You are welcoming the human killer from Chinese Communist Party, he couldn't represent the Chinese people!
These are exciting times
@realDonaldTrump Thats what THE WHITE HOUSE is for! Mara-laco is NOT appropriate for this! #resist
They are NOT the new Caroline and John John. Quit prancing them around and stop the photo ops.
Oh man! They cut out part where Drumpf Jr & Eric put on sock puppet show.  It's was very bigly tremendous. #notmypresident #impeachNOW
Does the woman who's married to the Idiot in Chief [not the daughter, is she daughter or wife] ever smile like a genuine meaningful smile?
really??? you pimped out your kids for a political photo op?
Train up a child in the way he should go and when he is old he will not depart from it.
再有背景的小孩子也免不了被家长叫出来表演节目的命运
Why are u or your children involved in official visits? Is this a dynasty thing or a democracy? You were not elected so go away!
Wonderful
Chinese culture is really great!

That was cringeworthy, like everything else your family does.
@realDonaldTrump 厉害了
make
You never avoid to be picked by your mama to make a show! Whoever you are!
THAT is how professionals schmooze to make deals.  Amazing.
You don't belong there. World leaders aren't interested in your kids.  You lack common sense & manners.  Geez!
Stop embarrassing your kids! Parents really need to stop showing their kids off like this...not everyone wants to watch your kid sing/dance!
Seriously?  This is not the school play!
@realDonaldTrump you must be very proud of the underpaid underdocumented and yet very efficient Chinese nanny you got yourself
oh for fucks sake...you are not royalty...
Very nice. But #TrumpRussia
Last time I checked, we weren't some kind of monarchy. Do you guys feel no shame and have zero ethics?
Grandpa looks as if he'd smack her off if she were on her own. @POTUS boring, nobody wants to hear someone's kid sing, nobody right don?
trumpun 50 füze atması ıyı oldu dunyadakı dengelerı degıstırdı
Wall Street looks out for its Street friends , Where We must look out for Gods friends ..
This is what families and friends do! Love this @IvankaTrump S
OMG.....
Let's showcase the little white priviledged children while Grand Dad kills Syrian children with cruise missles because his polls are at 30%.

Trump on pace to spend more in first year on travel than Obama did in 8 years http://hill.cm/VotFcNL  
Hitler had Eva Braun, Manson had Squeaky Fromm and Trump has Ivanka
#notmypresident #Trumprussia
So the FBI and Twitter wer trying to stop "deplorables" and @RealDJTrumpTeam still won-Proof of God?
RT @IvankaTrump: Very proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Pen...
Whatever Trump does, TRUMP HATERS HATE IT. In China kids perform at celebrations, give flowers to officials. The girl sang in Chinese.  GOOD
Most Chinese are very fond of you and your family. integrity
为中美友好点赞
So Proud Of Arabella, You, Jarred & Ur Dad, Our POTUS Luv You
@PassarelliAllan that's very nice. My kids are at the #ScienceMarch
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @newscomauHQ
Do the kids get a cut of your trademark deal? Any leads for investors for jared's failed investment?
我爱你！
@juandanielmosq4  bellos los niños
I think Arabella & Joseph charmed President Xi Jinping and Madame Penguin Liyuan with their performance. They're Great American Ambassadors
At the little china man sang Trump arrested her and deported
Ridiculous!!!
@esthersuz
Seriously ?
Seriously!? How obnoxious.
Oh for God's sake, please. This wasn't PTA meeting.
You have no reason to be part of that little girl
Shouldn't someone call Child Welfare and protect these poor kids from their own relatives?
your kids take chinese language lessons.  thanks to dad kids won't have after school programs or free lunch.  thanks ivanka
JUST WEIRD
Ew
飞流直下三千尺 疑是银河落九天
Go ahead, exploit your innocent children!
Gia đình bạn thật tuyệt vời
Okay. Everyone is done with your strategy to take over the spotlight
Human Rights Violations in China need to be addressed. You bombed Syria for less. Be consistent.
Is that the best America has
Ivanka, love you but you're a business woman not a politician. Stay out of the meetings. Malania is the FLOYUS- let her shine
#impeachtrumpnow #impeach45
That was mortifying. Very VonTrapp of you... without the charm of Julie Andrews 
Looks like you got this idea out of House of Cards
Please calm down.  You're daughter's singing sucked.  Stop using your kids as props.
America's Got Chutzpah! #Complicit !
your children are famous.. everyone is talking about them. I saw the preview for the Chinese New Year with the dragon!

She has a beautiful voice!
Go away.
That was so sweet and cute
I will be happy when see the children express themselves freely and safely.I see the children of my country someday happy and safelyThanksss
You are criminals.
@realDonaldTrump I am actually sick of you and your husband Jared. You are left-wing elitist. Your support is fading fast.
oye vey
So cute and very impressive..Cant say Im surprised when you look at the bloodline...Your family has got a lot of genius going on... #MAGA
@POTUS @IvankaTrump Arabella was adorable but you as a mother knocked it out of the park. USA is proud of you Ivanka... very proud!
@realDonaldTrump um... If it's an official state visit... Why are you at Mar-a-lago?
We Chinese are always proud of President Xi and Peng Proud of China 
Its just business as usual.
Selling your kids the way your dad did with you!?! #Karma
@realDonaldTrump OMG YOU ACTUALLY MADE THEM WATCH YOUR KIDSPERFORM!?! So ridiculous and unprofessional- where's Barron?
Bitch no one elected you GET YOUR PURSE MAKING ASS OUT OF OUR NATIONAL BUSINESS YOU USELESS PIECE OF TRUMP SHIT.

It's nice to have class back in the White House.
Make America Great Again!

The entire Trump family are ambassadors for freedom.

World leaders recognize American strength 

#MAGA
Very embarrassed that you are illegally working for your dad & helping him damage the country. You embarrass us.
It is so sweet you are raising your children to love all man kind! God bless your Family.  
Ivanka,  your children just are amazing.  The time you take with them shows in this video  and you are a very devoted mother.
Beautiful. Thank you for doing so much for this Country. :)
Beautiful and touching.  Can’t believe the vicious comments by some.
I guess you should be proud!!  What an outstanding performance. Good for you & Jared encouraging your children to learn Chinese
The young girl did very well for speaking and singing Chinese. The Chinese President seemed very pleases. I am proud of her.
A lot to be proud of. What a doll!
She is very gorgeous and adorable. She is my child star with A+. She is a bridge connecting different cultures.
Its kind of an uncomfortable bad performance. "Look what i made my kid do! Now stand here for 4 minutes while she stumbles through mary had a little lamb in chinese..... "  degeading for everyone involved
Poor kids.
No one cares how you feel.  Your family is destroying our beautiful country.  Go away!
please call her the first lady of China
1
