speech less wala Mr president
Oops!  Those darn Russians tricked you again.

Hey. Putin called. He wants you to know he hacked the election.
idiot.
Trump helps Russia^^^^ "The social account @TEN_GOP was part of this effort to swing the  election and alter U.S. politics — a strategy that has been  characterized as "information warfare."
You thanked the Russians for this tweet. Resign now! Dotard!
You re tweeted a Russian Troll account. SMH!
Hi thank you for your service  it's not easy taking the bashing and the back lash but hang in there   Please keep the faith and help us the American people  GOD BLESS YOU  A PROUD AMERICAN
https://twitter.com/10_gop/status/910328742165274630 … …

Account suspended
This account has been suspended. Learn more about why Twitter suspends accounts, or return to your timeline.
How is florida for holiiday
We love you  happy thankgiving to you and family
You thanked an account run by the Kremlin.
Yep, Trump thanked and retweeted a Russian account, @10_GOP. A giant screenshot of it displayed in House intel hearing
You thanked a Russian bot you dolt.
You love them so much you decided to fuck up their country...
Tweet unavailable???
Because he replied to a Russian troll account that has since been deleted :-(
Tweet not available...really??? Twitter????
geez mr. Truml. Puh-lease. 10gop is a suspended russian troll account.
Thanking the people who really matter for his campaign....
Ha, there's the President right there... quoting a fake Russian twitter account and sharing it with millions. Professionalism at its finest.
Why do the Russian bots love you so? Must be your hair. Russian bots are suckers for fat crazy men with bad hair.
He thanks a Russian bot, too funny
Of course Russia loves you.  You are destroying their greatest enemy-American principles!
#moron 

#IMPEACHtrump
The people you are thanking are a) IN RUSSIA or b) SAY they are IN RUSSIA. #Russiagate haunting you https://thinkprogress.org/trump-retweet-a-fake-twitter-account-149f3f9c1360/amp/ …

This is the Tweet Trump tweeted to.The now suspended Russian troll 10-gop and all his other accounts.
Tweeted this response the the Suspended Russian troll
A fool's fool, is what you are...

https://thinkprogress.org/trump-retweet-a-fake-twitter-account-149f3f9c1360/amp/ …
Russian puppet.
Trump thanks a suspended sock puppet account!
Well this aged well...hahaha
Why are you retweeting russian fake accounts? Conspicuous... or maybe you're just really that stupid.
this was a russian account. numbnuts.
Hilarious! The only people that love you are Russians!
Hilarious!!! I'm sure the Russian hackers were very happy to get your thanks.
That time the president thanked one of the Russian intelligence service's many Tweets for their support of him.
You just thanked a Russian! Good job
That account is now suspended LOLOLOL
All naysayers! Get you some of this 70 years accomplishments in 6 months!
#WorstPresidentEver
Stop the useless talk and get the guns off the streets.
So sad. So untrue. So vomit inspiring.
Not even a little...
No, we don’t.
Nobody likes you
Cute. Troll accounts love tRUmp
Actually we don't 
no.. we actually hate you but more than that.. we have #norespect for you. You sir, are a liar!
good
@maciek_szamalek
They lied
Russian Bot greetings from America. If you love our President so much you may have him... ohh wait you already do, my bad.
We're with you ....may God protect this great nation...
Behind you 100% Pres. #boycottNFL or #bringbackdraftforthosethatkneel

fire sessions
LOVE YOU MR AND MRS PRESIDENT (FIRST LADY)
@10_gop fake news. This from the Russians trump real family.
We really do  love you  Greatest President in American history. Brilliant strong courageous honest and funny  praying for you 
Not all of us
@VonMiller I'm sure you're a very good football player, but you may want to consult s fashion designer before any future press conferences.
Phenomenal!
WOW!
From a bot. Do you always thank boys?
We hate you mr president!!!
WE ARE WITH YOU 100% PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP ALWAYS AND YOUR FAMILY !
As a naturalized Hispanic Cuban American, I salute you, Sir!
I hate you Mr. President
Crook
@10_gop  10 people support the TRAITOR-IN-CHIEF. Ur a 10 time loser Don. Failure at business, government. Trump brand dead.
Today And every day after I stand with you Mr. President. And until NFL commissioner grows a spine I refuse to watch another game
Don't get discouraged WE support you 100% and we appreciate all you are doing to #MAGA!
We hate you Trump. 3/4 of America
We do NOT love you Trump! You are a global embarassment. #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 #WorstPresidentEver #RESIST
No they don't. No one likes you. No one in their right mind.

nope! We don't
Go Mr.President we are with you
Can't say this enough!  Finally a president who loves this country and all of its people.  God bless you Mr. President.
He didn't say he love you back. Humm?
worst POTUS in history!
Lol
#SINsoredACROSStheWEB By ? #GOOGLERS-#TWIDDLERS-#INyourFACEbookies  NOW #MAGA JOIN gab.ai  http://minds.com 
Thats a bot. But don't know better.
We would love to see you arrested or hang for crimes against the state and your oath of office. Your family as well.
The Barrett Family Loves you Too Mr President 
Majority of us don't. Remember you lost the popular vote loser
Right. Man your bunkers. Oh, that's right. We don't have bunkers. But the Pres and Congress do, and likely their families. Yippee!
What do you have on these people to get them to kiss your ass you’re a freaking bully coward #resistane
Loved your speech this evening !!
All who supported you like myself still strongly support u... don’t believe the fake news ..we still love u me president.. thank you
Thank you so much Mr. President! You made my day! Is there anything I can do for you? Just ask. Nothing too big nothing to small!
My opinion is otherwise.
I believe I'm choking up on our parody recipient here, sorry @GenJohnKelly please consult doc for headaches. #fullofadvicetrump
Wow he makes up Twitter accounts now. He's learning from Claudia Tenny.
Please move to an all white country
Would really like to see you leave.....IJS
@10_gop I love the fact I didn't vote for him...
Please forward to President Obama,  that was the intent.
no we don't!
Is it more sad that all you have to do is compliment the potus to get a retweet, or that he retweets his own fake accounts and trolls.

Argh
We doesn't include me, I think you are deadly, devistating, hate filled, a true leader of uneducated (you love) racist and completely inept
Why not full repeal? Why is Jeff Sessions not going after Comey, Powers, Lynch, Clinton and all the rest? Why are you supporting Strange?
We love you  when you're gone Mr GoodForNothing
My apologies for the misguided snowflakes Sir! Thank you and your wonderful family for stepping in to pull our country out of this decay
The Emmys were GREATEST ever. SEAN was the best!!!!!!!!!HAHAHAH
No we don't.
Another ass kisser!!!
Said a minority of Americans...
Many are calling you Papa Trump now, lol Yes you are loved by us  irredeemable deplorables! #MAGA  #GodblessAmerica!
Mr President, please be a little more cautious of words used in world diplomacy. They mean a lot!
Mr. Trump keep up the good work and ignore all the idiots .. they have no idea what it takes to be President thank you .

I'll bet all ten are Russians.
Signed, the stupid people.
I DONT THINK SO TRUMP -REMEMBER 3 MILLION MORE PEOPLE VOTED FOR YOUR OPPONENT.SHE GOT THE POPULAR VOTE! TRY AS YOU MAY THE MAJORITY HATE YOU
You're doing your job so well, the left feels false narratives is the only way to block WH performance for the American people. #MAGA
'Poor White House Performance '
Mr. President please fund Childhood Cancer
Really?
Yes, @10_gop loves you, #fakePOTUS @realDonaldTrump ! If only you could make good work so most Americans would love you2, it would be great!
Obama could never be half the man trump is trump should of been in office many years ago maga
Loved your U.N. speech. Thank you!
Kind of reminds me of what Kim Jong Un's sycophants might say
Keep Tweeting!  Your daily words are what WE the American People, can trust the most!  Bless You, Sir. 
1A = freedom of speech. 

Tweeting on Twitter is a form of speech. 

Tweet away, Mr. President!

 TWEET ... A ... WAY 
Yuk
Thank you@keep on track with your campaign agenda
That must be the 10% of Americans with the lowest IQ
So Nice...  @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
& so nice, to finally see the truith come out on the wire taps. Lol! News outlets are now FORCED to report the truith! Yay 
Donald J. Trump, you're the best president in my opinion.
A real man would listen to his critics and not just retweet the sycophantic pablum that your misguided supporters barf up to you.

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
We really love President Obama 

That's one guy.
You lost popular vote by 3M. Never forget you are a loser.
Really? Go do some work.
You are a great American President!
I love you more!!!!
We love you Mr president Trump God bless you and God bless America , MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
More hate you,  Mr. President.


Haha Americans with a sense and a brain hate you. The world is laughing at you. Can't wait until you're in prison! #unfit #unstable #loser
President Trump is a Great Leader
STOP HEROIN
It's like watching a dog lick his own gear. Mirror, who is the fairest.....
#echochamber #michaeljacksonsyndrome
Don’t include me in that “we”
Lmao fake news
We really do Mr. President but please don't let them take away any of the Medicaid/Medicare benefits we depend on.
Us government allowing government employees volunteer to support FEMA. I work DFAS Columbus Ohio i voluntere. Waiting for approval. Than You
