Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a w...
isn't that a violation of the emoulments clause to the Constitution
how much does it cost the united States for you and secret service to go to Mira lago every weekend
great job >Mr. Pres keep it going. #makeamericagreat
Please push a chicken-hearted dictator Abe Shinzo out of Japan.
I am so glad you are this country President an I am excited to see the things that you are going to be able too do
Clown hotel.
I bet you cheated
I bet you cheated too
How do you know they are a "wonderful" couple? Your use of superlatives and degrading insults makes you sound grammatically stunted.
from Thunderball, Largo at his estate, Palmyra
操你妈个逼，操你妈个威猛先生，操你妈个德芙巧克力，操你妈个香蕉锤，把你打成猪猪皮！
AMD YOU COMPLAIN ABOUT OBAMA'S VACATION TIME??? YOU ARE WASTING OUR TAX MONEY, YA DINGUS!!!
Of course Mar a Lago. Great way to line your own pockets.
I am glad you get along with PM Abe. Please stop making taxpayers pay for "Winter Whitehouse".
. He owns it how are you paying for it ??

stop with the malarchy
Hi
we can learn a great deal about work ethic from the Japanese , and we can teach them about our faith in Christ .
Never met either couple, but by comparison I'm sure you're right.
#golferinchief
#ImpeachRinseRepeat
. Trump when are u coming to Nigeria.
I'm hearing President Obama had entire meeting, including phones, tapped at Mar-a-Lago's Dinner with Japan's PM Shinzo Abe.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …
I started and grew  a small business for 40 yrs how can I help you succeed?
m
You have spent more money in one month going to Florida than Obama  did in a year. Newspapers would like this
the same cannot be said to u
This advertisement brought to you by the most corrupt president in U.S. history.

Trump Donald baka desu
;)swinging?!
呵呵

All the best Trump, Long Live and I feel blessed about you being the President of America. May the Lord God protect you.
Is she going to "dance" to him??????
stop making taxpayers pay for all of your trips to Florida entertain in the White House
that's nice
That poor woman that married you...
#INeedAttentionTour
yes the Japanese people are nice you're not you're ignorant
abe is a bloody dog fuckingshit
you are a great person and caring man.
Hi, that's awesome President and First Lady Trump, thanks for sharing and personalizing your Presidency, we appreciate you2
Thank you for being my President,if you need me I am here
you are compromising American National security.
that's wonderful,  how about next time u keep strategy sessions & classified info away from club members.
Give them our love from the UK Donald.
give me money for a yacht
#fakeNews is enemy of the #peace of the whole world, not just America, @realDonaldTrump. I trust you more than the Sadducees or #msm #media!
#Vatican represents satan's kingdom on Earth, from which comes #Zionism, #Islam, #Protestants, #Catholics, & so on.
#RasTafari
In decades I knew Gaddafi, he was never anti American even when "middle class whites" were. Sad that Obama & Hillary murdered him for eu.
My #RedNeck #GrandMaster's son is right. BeelzeBub Club is the work & meaning of bbc; of satan.  #CrazyBengieFB_
I see Obama, Clinton & bbc are responsible for war & #terrorism now in #Libya, a war Crime. #RIPGaddafi, from Crazy
In spite of everything there are none so #racist as blacks, who always disregard essences & #culture for aesthetic values, void of #love.
#PresidentObama has done most important, which is do best he can for his wife & kids, before others & outsiders. Michelle allowed him to!
It still moves me to recall Sacha & Malia Obama, as kids, excitedly asking their mother, "Can you buy us #hair like his?" pointing to me.
And such strong hands! Yummy!  @realDonaldTrump
I bet you had to promise Melania a dowry/payment to marry you Mr. Minority! lol
he's a bigger cockwomble than you
I hope u didn't make them eat the meatloaf like Christie is saying u made him eat. Lol
AND THEY COULDN'T WAIT TO BE RID OF YOU
your just not right
Melania is beautiful, some say she is uphappy in her new role as 1st lady, I say just smile a little=
so so GLAD you are President!!  Please stay strong for the people..we support you!!
, You trump and the prime minister are like the two friends
Good for you Mr. President. Diplomacy is everything. 
Damage Control...3 times in 1 week in 3rd week in office.Sad.believe me.
They are a wonderful couple.  Does it make you sad that all your marriages have been hollow and devoid of love
Fantastic.
what a disgrace..embarassment how you dissed the Japanese Prim Minister and his wife #notmypresident
when I say something positive about President Trump twitter blocks it! What a conspiracy the press has against him
you say everyone you meet are wonderful. Sound like a used car salesman. " They are wonderful" "Great people" YOU'RE FAKE!
Not to mention the great ad for your golf course! (You haven't divested from that, right?)
Princess Melania like big Dad wins.
Melanie isn't hosting anything... she busy plotting her escape route...
Melania did a lousy job not supporting the Prime Minister's wife in Washington visits.
Dear Mr President please free 1st Lt Clint Lorance, I support you 125 percent
Why are my tax dollars paying for your game of golf. at your own resort?
She probably can't wait to get away from you.  You don't deserve so a nice lady.
You and Melania are a wonderful couple too!
#FREE @MELANIATRUMP ! You ain't no real man/husband!
who gives a rats ass
And you put our nation's security at stake during your dinner. Get off Twitter and go do your job.
Abe & Mrs. Abe that's too funny sounds like a 5th grader. Are you smarter than a 5th grader?
CORRUPT!! US taxpayers paying for you to promote your business, golf courses. Hillary would have been 1000x better. Loser!
总统好
Melania is a Lady.  Courageous, proud, and humble.  Extraordinary!
Hey... din't you insult President Obama for golfing on his weekends? Oh wait. #hypocriticalPOTUS
did you have fun sharing national secrets with fellow diners? ILLEGITIMATE RUSSIAN STOOGE! Step down!
How much is it costing us to shuttle you to Miami & NYC? #NOTNORMAL #bankruptcynotanoption #trumpregrets #TrumpBookReport
oh! Did you grab Ms. Abe's pussy with the other hand? #UnfitToLead
TRAITOR!
unlike you two
so what. Talk about what you pray America never finds out. Hell we even know your numbers are dropping lol
your comments show your ignorance. Obviously it is you who needs the classes and training to be human.
if you can't respect the person then at least respect the office.
to those who keep tweeting negativity over and over GET A LIFE!
is there anyway you can make Illinois congress make a budget we havent had one in at least 3 years please help Mr President
wait... melania is still around? Like ....where???
while you line your pockets at the expense of the taxpayers. You are the swamp
enough with the handshake game! It's ridiculous!!!
Hope that makes up for letting her wander around DC on her own. So rude. You disgrace us.
Host me and my boys
#Unconstitutional Vilating the #EmolumentsClause.
and you are a disaster
thinking about universal health care
you criticized our president for golfing. HOW DARE YOU
konichiwa!
don't fuck this one up too
Your handshake is immature and childish
Learn to shake hands please.  You can't get anything right!  Sad.....
don't let That Renee peevish take you down
- Enjoy wasting 3-5 million dollars of taxpayers money per weekend hosting yourself and visitors. Make Americans PAY Again!
love and proud of my President
.@realDonaldTrump But Mrs. Abe got to walk around DC by herself.  Classy!!
I can profit from the stay!
U'r a creap!
Crass.
pics or didn't happen
until they disagree on something, right?
Are the American People paying for your luxury and waste? Camp David is the proper place for this.
unlike you and your stripper wife
con the Don
: thanks Mr.President: sorry about
.Mr. Flynn: sad loss
How much did you charge them for their dinner?
@potus Profiting by taking dignitaries to Mar-a-lago. Behavior: DICTATOR
Why do you keep hiring illegal immigrants when you deport others? Two-faced hypocrite. RESIGN
I would love to see more partnerships with Japan. We have the land for facilities. Let's build together!
How much did the tickets sell for ?
thanks for wasting tax payer dollars on your multiple vacations to your own home...wow what a scam artists u r
nice we pay for ur trip to Mar lar go and u profit right? Or did u waive the fees
#Trump I hope your resort is charging the tax payers sufficiently for your government related business meetings.
: Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. So honored.
Dont worry, they are not going to understand one word Melania says.
now if some one wanted to hurt pm they would know were he was keep ur mouth guite
Compared to you and your robot wife the dead homeless couple down the street from the White House is wonderful.
lets try not to screw this up donnie
You're deep. Big big vocabulary. Wonderful is a wonderful world. You are so smart. Keep it up.
Mrs. Abe doesn't have a name?

日本就是垃圾
u need to deal with the critical issues brewing
who's Melania?
#iagree
sir you really shouldn't tell people where you are or where your going <3 God Bless you and your beautiful family.
, yeah, we all heard, and we've even seen the pics of you discussing N. Korea, & of your guests with Rick, footballer.
.. please consider Allen West for National Security Advisor! He is a man of experience, principles, and strength.
Being King of the US has been great for business.  Meeting leaders at my resorts and the Fed pays exorbitant amounts to me!
DT needs to lose weight.  Negative 0 on looks
Is Melania hoping to flog him some jewelry?
Please prove that Mar-a-Lago did not make one cent from this visit #emolumentsclause
We won and have the high ground. The media is a waste of energy. Talk directly to us and we respond directly to you.
don't tell us where, security already has enough to worry about. 
make sure to put that plastic on the windows
why doesn't the first lady come to the White House? It looks really bad.
nobody cares.
