U DO NO THAT THIS TREND BEGAN UNDER THE BLACK PRES OBAMA?  THE RECORD PROVES IT. TYPICAL OF ALL TRUMPS TO STEAL EVERYTHING FROM BLACK PEOPLE
Thanks Obama!!! #trumpflake
Its October, be careful what you wish for....
Heading for its biggest ever crash then
Woo Hoo!!! He's going down in history as a fantastic president with a hell of a lot of respect for Americans in this great country
Sure. Jobs R down 33K while Ur Asia kids R hard at work. Speaking of the market & hard, what goes up will come down.
Thank you, President Obama.
Why is it trump rally? You are so distorted and fucked up
I thought you’d say ‘ever’. Lol
Ur the biggest liar just like your dad-husband
Thank you Obama!
No it isn’t. It’s trending along the same line it has been for years now.
All u trumps care about is money not people or USA I can't wait til it's all taken he's impeached n prison time for u all...u sold ur souls
Mr President millions of Americans love your honesty and leadership abilities along with your great guy instinct.
Honesty?! What honesty?
#ThanksObama
Fakenews
Way to brag about stock market while all of Puerto Rico suffers. You people are truly demented. What is wrong with you?

I'm not looking forward to this bubble bursting.
por favor, sáquenme de este hilo.
Jajajajaja. Permita que me ría, pero ha estado brillante, don.
no se si debiera permitírselo.
”Sé" que sí.
If things are going record highs, sounds greedy to give them tax cuts...tax cuts should be for individuals...Corp not sharing wealth
She needs to go sit down somewhere!
That’s because we have a great President. God bless President Trump
God bless a racist?
And the Rallye has nothing to do. with Trump. Nothing.
Unfortunately, it's OBAMA'S RALLY  Seven straight years of stock market growth. It will take a few more months for Trump to end it.
When are you moving your business from China to the United States of America?  Daddy says everyone that doesn't is un-american.  Tell us,,,
#fakefirstlady #unqualified
Obama says you're welcome and stop seeking daddy's approval. Sad. Bigly.
#bullshit
WOW Trump has the lowest approval ratings of any president in history. Moreover had the worse quarter in job creation in 7 years.  FAILURE
Sad!
I like cash  !!!!  right now !!!   cash has a quality all its own !!!!
Thank you Obama!
BOTH OF YOU ARE PATHETIC!
Thanks to Obama!
Thanks to Barrack Obama. Your father sucks.
#ThanksObama
Your father does not own the stock market.
#ThanksObama!
Of course you fkng fail to mention that the market has been steadily increasing since the great President Obama took office. But hey, those pesky facts just get in the way of your #liarinchief pig of a father. #shame on you.
Trump claiming responsibility for Dow Jones rally is a simplified stretch. Be sure he won't claim responsibility for it when it tanks.
Has a President Obama been Thanked by Trump?
How many poor people do u know that owns stocks. They take stock in providing for their families.
And you realize it would have to hit 50,000 to match what Obama did. Right?
You do realize the average American is not in the market? They are struggling and this means nothing to them.#outoftouch #impeach45
Got a ways to go to match Clinton
1995 (69 record closes)
Let's talk about jobs...ohhhh damnnnn obama affect wearing off...now we see the ART OF THE FAIL
No Thanks to @POTUS
Just waiting for the big dump it's coming you people need to wake up and get your money in your pockets instead of their pockets
Kool-Aid drinkers, all.
And the worst POTUS EVER!
#ThanksOBAMA!! 
you and your dad need to go away.  Stop destroying america
Thank you President Obama.  Keep it going Trump!
October 31, 2017 is end of President @BarackObama fiscal year. It all goes to hell in the next few months with your #MORON sitting in yo lap

Funny it has nothing to do with Donald Trump.
Thanks Obama
It's not Trump's insane DOW.  It's President Obamas.  Study up on economics.
Very good, for the rich.
Thanks Obama!! He has no policies implemented prior
Oh great, now he’s tweeting from her account, too.
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1852 
corps r allowed2destroy  water&air,dump anything&pay no taxes or insurance at child labour wages thy will come back&enslave USA poor ppl SAD
No benefit fo the working class as nothing is trickling down to us.What the sham when President works only for the rich
So what Ivanka!? What is your point? No policies no laws nothing has changed since little hands daddy came to power! You take him back NY!
Your father is a dynamo of action! He is my hero.

Eminem ethers Donald Trump in his BET Cypher. 
The higher the market, the bigger the crash. Be prepared.
When did he take office again?
Just take down all the watch dogs and they can go crazy. It was already doing good before 45 came along. I'd like to see 45 try to bring it up when it was at 7 like when Obama took over. 45 is never going to be a gr8 president.
Too bad it is not indicative of how the middle class is doing.
Amazing how one moron can move so much money.
What Obama set in motion I have no doubt trumpster will destroy.
Thank you Donald Trump for the stock market rally.  Without you the market would have tanked.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @nypost because of @BarackObama.O B A M A. Maybe write it down?
But will Congress let it continue?
People who are living paycheck to paycheck don't buy stock.
Hmm. 85 years, eh? And what happened in 1929?
Liberals will still complain
When the market TRIPLES like @Potus44 Barack Obama made it do and closes around 54000 then you can crow. Til then , it's no big deal
#MAGA
Jobs?
Like overnight?
#Complicit and shameful example to women everywhere. Will $ protect you from the white nationalists daddy is raising up?
I am proud, thankful for 1 wise man that does more, not paid! Most honest picked on because what a business man, I respect @POTUS
O.M.G. not paid???????
A good Prez doesn’t come along with a check list of the previous Prez accomplishments &undo them 4 jealousy.Your dad is doing serious harm
Bc contrary to what the mainstream media wants us to believe we the American people know the truth and you can’t take that away from us
After your Father is impeached it will probably take a dump.
Name ONE bill or substantive economic EO that is the trigger. You are claiming that #MEGALIES from the #SSHOLE #MEGALIAR is taking credit for the Obama Administration closing economic legislation year that ended October 2017. These are the only policies the GOP cares about

No tweets this week about the stock market? Shocking.
Your an enabler. A few years from now you'll be crying on a talk show about how" I jus couldn't stop him he was MY FATHER and I loved him"
And just imagine the boost you’ll get from repealing the estate tax! #Complicit #WolfInTheHouse #FakeFeminist

If u think papa is responsible u r jst as looney!  OBAMA LAG
Obama’s fiscal year ended Oct 1. Let’s see what the racist dotard does.
Thanks for @BarackObamas work !!!
You aint seen the $BTC markets.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @nypost
NOT if you are concerned about facts. 3rd place in last 30 yrs.
This is not TRUMP'S stock market. It's been increasing since 2009. Just stop appropriating yourselves to things that have nothing to do with you.
Meanwhile, your approval ratings are in the toilet...BAD!
If you think this is because of The Don you’re as insane as him
What you’ll look like in five years
Eek
The sad part of this is regardless if this is true or not no one will remember you for this. You will be remembered for all of your failures

just wait.....
Is that all you care about?!
Criminal trump is garbage and his artificial market gains will crash and burn .. criminal idiot
Give the glory to who it belongs, our Father in Heaven !!
Go kiss your daddy. You are just as bad a he is. What an embarrassment you and your family are.
U N UR JARRED R GOING TO PRISON.  THEY SHOULD CHARGE U AFTER UR DOTAR IS OUT OF OFFICE....NO PARDON FOR U 2.  LOCK U UP
Excellent!! Thank you @potus for working 24/7 to #MAGA and may GOD BLESS!
thanks ivanka. Who are u again? And oh yeah..
Love you and your dad but PLEASE stop talking about amnesty.  Your making alot of people nervous and angry.
Do you know when you'll be called to testify? I know you'll be going away for awhile too.
Maybe that’s “the calm before the storm” that Daddy was blathering about, a stock market crash “ the likes of which has never been seen”.

Rally started in 2008. What a family of liars and fakers!
yea all the regulation that protect the people so the rich can fuck us over.
Who cares about the stock market when children no longer have insurance, Puerto Rican’s are dying of thirst in the dark, three weeks later
To quote your daddy: "This is the calm before the storm." You'll figure out what comes next.
#nepotism
#favoritism
#HaveSomeCake
#shame
Thank you President Obama
Thanks Obama!
Trump crime family. Mafia princess
Not his rally. Fed and ECB has kept Banksters on morphine drip since 2008-2009.
And makes Mexico will be happy to have the wall because Americans will be fleeing the country to get away from a dictator like you
Your time is running out #karma #trumprussia
Hush girl. Your daddy is disaster.

Does the LEFT Understand how to read these INCREDIBLE numbers?
This is Wallstreet NOT
Walmart
Happy to ignore the drop in currency strength?
Click and Scroll. Everybody link back to this, my account, and my tweets:
https://twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks/status/920113102242291713 …
And with stock market at all time high we still have wage stagnation and low paying jobs so why will a tax cut change makes no sense
...Trump's fiscal yr starts in Oct, but of course you knew that, right? How about giving credit where credit is due?....
LIE!
This rally?
Most people who need, arent investors in stock mkt
Thanks Obama!
Ivanka, just stay out of it, ok?
Fake news Ivanka.
Thanks to President Obama.   #25thamendment
Pride comes before destruction; and an arrogant spirit before a fall.  The job loss report is just the start of the Trump recession.

THANK YOU @BarackObama
The Obama recovery was the greatest in history. You will never match his record.
THANK YOU @POTUS
Complicit.
Take a look at those jobs numbers, tho. Seriously fucking shit up
Fake news
Thank you President Obama
“Insane” is correct word
Hey Ivanka lay off your love for illegals.
Thanks Obama!
