Still carryover from Obama administration. Trump has signed no job-creating legislation whatsoever. Get over yourselves if that's possible.
Lolol more proof you don't understand the govt doesn't create jobs only kills them... The promise of good change is y business is hiring...
And businesses don't hire on promises of what MIGHT be, my friend. Proof you don't understand how businesses work.
Lolol we run MAJOR businesses. The entire stock market is business betting on the future. Business MUST b ahead of the curve 2 take advantag
Starbucks doesn't build a new store in a certain location because they HOPE the people around it will go. They already know.
Lolol mostly false... I know this for a fact. Demographics tell you a customer base exists... That's it. How many lose money? A lot....
I use SB  as an ex. They spent billions on R&D. If they're building a store, they're absolutely CERTAIN they can sell $5 coffees there.
Lol this is 100% false... Learn what awus is then do some research into any franchise chain you want.They rely upon awus 2 receive royalties
Thanks, Trump, bringing this country down to an all-time low in the unemployment rate.
@BarackObama and his administration did all the work. You don't have to say thanks, you're already thankful.
But these numbers were fake during #barackobama ?

Thanks Obama :D . You do realize late economic growth doesn't happen over night. This is the payoff from previous years of work on his part.
More jobs in mining and logging where they're cutting down trees in habitats for endangered species. wanting to mine in our national parks
Liberals only know about food stamps, obama phones and cash assistance....This is speaking a diff language to them 
Theres no such thing as Obama Phones. Bush was food stamp prez. The first year is the last presidents budget. Hes taking credit for Obamas
Read and weep liberal tears, even from one of your fake news media
Thanks, @BarackObama ! We'd be screwed if you hadn't have set us up with this success.
TREASON, TREASON, TREASON! #PRISON 
Per Fed Chair testimony. USA averaged 180,000 jobs created, in 2016. 90,000, in 2017. Another Trump lie.....

America has a fever the only thing that will cure it is jobs  more jobs  more tax base less taxes paid by individual more people insured
Obama obama obama!!!!!!!

You are a flaky flake of blah blah blah.  Nothing like 10 year old quips to show how much u know about politics.
We love you Mr pres!!!
Great work to you and your team Mr. President! #MAGA
Keep searching for an escape & distraction! YOU are going to PRISON! #treason #corruption #obstruction #fraud #countdowntoindictments
And you underqualified for yours 
THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!
Guys, @DrMunishRaizada @myvotetoday @AskAnshul @simran100kaur1 @iaaesha wow great....
And This is the Tight Slap on those who were abusing Mr. Trump in past, Make America Great Again.. 
Keep up the great job @POTUS.
Since you haven't passed any significant legislation, I'll say THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA!! @BarackObama
Source? I was told not to believe Losers who promote propaganda bs, especially Russian agents so I guess this is fake news then.
3 Years, 6 Months, 7 Days, 17 Hours, 47 Minutes, and 57 Seconds
That's the day you're gonna start your count down all over again hahahaha
Good. Keep talking abt Jobs, taxes. No more Russia or Putin please!
Carrier-  600 jobs going to Mexico, Ford Focus plant being built in China-- JOBS, JOB, JOBS--FOR OTHER COUNTRIES! The ppl have been duped!
LIES LIES LIES
Isaiah 41:13
For I, the #Lord your #God, will #hold your right #hand, Saying to you, ‘Fear not, I will #help you.’
COLLUSION COLLUSION COLLUSION
Oh shut up snowflake
Thanks, Obama.
youre doing great donald, dont mind them nipping at your heels, they will never quit #MAGA
lies lies lies
#THANKSOBAMA
Just curious... Who's paying for the wall?
citation please. any job or financial # you can make up. how was the Market after Jr lied and lied again and lied. like u
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MR. TRUMP DID MORE WORK IN 24 HOURS THAN OBAMA IN 8 YEARS!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP TO AMERICA, MR. PRESIDENT!
THE REAL AMERICAN PATRIOTS CANNOT THANK YOU ENOUGH FOR YOUR HARD, AND DEDICATED WORK
Who makes the MOST #FakeNews?
Loser! Loser! Loser!
None of this has ANYTHING to do with you, Donny.
You can't just tweet JOBS 3 times and expect them to appear like Beetlejuice.
Thanks Obama  !
How about a source?
Beef! Beef! Beef!
Obama! Obama! Obama! America was GREAT before the trump"wannabe" gangster thugs came along! 112263/45
THANK YOU REAL PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!
What are you raging on Twitter for you uncontrollable maniac?
#MAGA
Thanks Obama!! A real patriot.

How can you sit there are honestly take credit for this? Are you a psychopath? You know damn well you haven't passed any job creating laws!
You are so simple minded. You thinks it's just as simple as, Boom, if things go well, it's because of Trump, but if not, it's Obamas fault.
Hazanga!
Tick, Tick, Tick.  Robert Mueller is coming for you Donny.
Another 2-3 years of this.It's just starting.Mueller's team wasn't complete until last week.He is being looked at for #25thAmendmentNow
You called our (BLS) jobs numbers fake news. These are the same numbers as Obama JOBS JOBS JOBS
It's kind of strange that we went from fake news to real news as it suits your propaganda better
Once the numbers start to go down, are you going to call our agency fake again?
Keep in mind that these numbers are being produced by a shrunken department because your admin terminated a sizable chunk of economists
Ugh and stop using us as a source, we're embarrassed by the primitive nature of your tweets JOBS JOBS JOBS
Obama got us out of that Bush made recession, always remember THAT.
@realDonaldTrump please come to Canada and show @JustinTrudeau how a real leader rolls! Greatest president ever!! Keep up the good work!
SO MUCH WINNING!!!!! 
I wonder if any of those people take a knee for the flag?

You forgot to include lawyers on this list. You are responsible for the hiring of lots of lawyers in the D.C. Area.
Warren Buffet says you are wrong.  Should I believe a REAL billionaire or a #FAKEbillionaire?
Thanks, @BarackObama !!! You're not here to take credit for your success, but @realDonaldTrump has "taking credit" covered in spades. You set us up so well, we can't thank you enough.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA ...
https://youtu.be/1zL7SGIDVIk   @HillaryClinton
https://youtu.be/1zL7SGIDVIk  @BarackObama
Putting American Back to Work! Keep it up Mr. President
Some of us are still unable to get hired.  Unemployment is running out!!!  I worked over 20 years and now I don't know what to do!  HELP!!!
@davisindy @realDonaldTrump Where are you? field of skills? Maybe relocate if can Sell on EBay Do start-up 2 get by
I was an Admin Assis. Looking for any office job... can't move. Would love to start my own biz but it takes $$. Appreciate the ideas. :D
Temp work is a good segue to permanent job Unemployment usually has job posts & maybe new training
I've applied for MANY jobs, temp too.  NO ONE WILL HIRE ME!  Yes there's more jobs, but even more looking - I lose to the younger, prettier.
If you can work online, might be your best bet. Sorry you're having this problem
Just wanted to share that I'm working again, Fulda.  It's a temp job, but I'll take it.  Thanks for your concern and helpful ideas.
This is good news.  You had nothing to do with it: no tax reform, no healthcare reform, little deregulation.  But thanks for cheerleading
And that is THE issue for 2018
Aren't you glad Obama did all your work for you ahead of time with jobs
http://www.businessinsider.com/why-was-russian-money-laundering-case-dismissed-house-dems-2017-7/?r=US&IR=T … Money laundering #NAGA (Not A Great America) #KingCon #Traitor

Thanks, Obama!

Fake news
You need hand-jobs on this chart.  You know, the kind you and Tillerson gave Putin.
THANKS OBAMA
Alternative Facts!!!! Job growth has been happening since Obama let's see what happens when you destroy the jobs in the medical industry
Thank you President Trump!!  Keep up the good work!
Obama passed off a great economy! These numbers have nothing to do with  with you!
Thank you President Obama

You are the best president since Ronald Reagan keep up the good work!
@POTUS Trump KEEPS #Winning
Catch me on #MAGAFIRSTNEWS w/@PeterBoykin
8pm est Mon/Wed/Thurs http://AmericanPoliticalRadio.com 
Together Let's #MAGA !
Great achievement in the history of America @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Let me clear my throat.... CNN @CNN  - u getting this!!

Yes Lit af
Earth to President, Earth to President, Earth to President..... 4.4% Unemployment rate is still the main headline, Wake UP!!!!!
Oh I have it now! Don't work on our climate and we will all die, so we won't be looking for j.o.b.!
This has nothing to do with you
@EricTrump you have my vote in 2020! Keep focused, don't let the smoke blind you.
Lies!!
You are doing a great job!  Thank you for all you have done for the working class of America, # MAGA!!
Thank you President Trump 
for keeping your word with us,
the best of the American people 
are truly grateful.
We do NOT want Russia Super Pacs! We do NOT want Russia coming ashore without bloodshed, invisible to target our computers, mess with OUR
Just what America needs
Thanks Obama! 
Yes!!!
Don't forget deport OR Green card check for your hotels and courses!!!
Good Job ! Support from Hungary.   
~Peter
yeah but how does this help me, as a communist?
It's all just FAKE NEWS!  Low paying jobs.  Keep the proles on the wages slave farm
President Trump
THANKS, @BarackObama !

Thank you President Obama for the 16million jobs that your administration created during your presidency!Trump inherited your
great economy.
I sent you a letter requesting a new revolving door for my business. Thanks for giving People confidence in buying from small businesses!!!
Resign! Resign! Resign!
Yep, the US is still thriving on Obama's policies. The last Republican took 7 years to crash it, but I bet you can beat him!
And labor participation rate is lowest in HISTORY in a non recession
TROOPS, TROOPS, TROOPS! #ProtectTransTroops
Thank you @BarackObama for your policies that caused these job gains @realDonaldTrump is trying to take credit for #TakingObamasCreditAgain
Thank you Obama!

Thank you for doing a great job!
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU OBAMA FOR #MAGA by economic recovery from Bush disaster-'08 & JOBS into '17 W/O Congress doing anything!
Hell yeah !!! The United States has to be run as a business not an empire! Landslide 2020 !

Now let's see the REAL numbers, the ones with the job LOSSES subtracted.
++++++++++++++ wow 
Loving it! MAGA in action produces great results for Americans! Thanks so much @POTUS You are the best! 
Thanks Obama!..
....thanks obama. ...  remember carrier #cockholster

CBO: Trump's budget would not balance after a decade http://hill.cm/fqM3QJg  
America is fucked. Capitalism has hit peak and is on the way down. Good luck folks.
Thanks Obama! 

Trump, glad you're enjoying taking credit for his leftovers.
Honey Bunny, try green jobs. You are living in the past, while the rest of the world looks to the future. Also you did not create these jobs
You da' man. Now bitch-slap those recalcitrant, questionable DC GOP slackards into following through on your agenda, Sir. They are sissy-men
Get rid of all temporary worker visas. That's an easy fix, & immediate job gain for US workers. If companies need workers, they'll pay more.
Hire me
All due to President Obama.  You will NEVER be as good a president as him or any of our other presidents. You are an embarrassment !!
You should get one.
#ImpeachmentNOW
Keep the swamp out!! We are proud of your leadership!! We are with you!! Twitter is sensoring many comments! Enemy is here! Build the wall!
good.  Im happy the unemployment rate is so low. If possible upward trending wages would be great, but more jobs is great
Thank you @BarackObama for building this jobs growth economy #Obama saved us from the #bush economy and is keeping us strong through Trump's
MAGA
Are you really this ignorant? The credit for all of this goes to Obama, quit bashing him and then taking credit for his work. #Sad
I give Obama policies credit for good numbers. It is a carryover. You haven't been in office long enough! No substantial legislation passed!
I got 2 new jobs since you been in office. Thanks for getting me out the dead end job I was in during the Obama administration
Yes #fast food
O.B.A.M.A. 
Where do you get your "facts" from? 
So if American jobs are important to you why is Ivanka's clothing line made in China?
81 months of job growth under and from President Obama
You have not been President long enough to effect this type of change. You liar. God I can't stand this guy. #NotMyPresident
Noma
El trabajo es un bien para la vida con el Partido Popular España  es una nación fuerte y rica 
MAGA MAGA MAGA
MIGA
MUKGA
Thanks Obama! Too bad 15.2m job loss from your policies by end '17! You win worse appointed president Orange and killing GOP
promised and he loves America and best of all Hillary and obama are out of the White House!
lol delete your account
Cool
Like all those Carrier jobs that you DIDN'T save? #FakePresident #LyingLordLittlehands
demand union pay for all fast food (mcds, burger ling, dunking donuts, wendy )workers $15 per hr
Where r the Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, Trump????
LIES, LIES, LIES! #MAGA
Fake news
It appears Jobs don't interest Democrats, handouts do.
You could add all the "handouts" up and they would be a fraction of the amount the rich republican tax cheaters are stealing from everyone.
Source and numbers please. The handouts are high.
Thanks to all of President Barack Obama diligence.
Thanks to President Obama's policies because you haven't changed anything.
LIES, LIES, LIES! #25thAmendmentNow
Resign
Thank you President Trump for keeping your promises and best of all putting God back in the Whitehouse.
Yes I'm on overtime love it
Wow!  This is awesome. Trump we'll appreciate that if it gonna come through, great idea. Thanks to you Trump!
There's something positive all I'm so tired of hearing is Russia and collusion and Corruption, we all know thats the Democratic platform
The real story is Treason! Treason! Treason!
This Time cover will look great hanging in your office.
WHY CANT YOU PASS YOUR PROMISED HEALTH CARE TO TRUMPCARE? OH YEA ITS THE DEMS FAULT LIKE FAKE NEWS CNN OKAY
