How did it go from "whatever we can do to help" to this out of context mockery? So sorry London for our buffoon in charge

You are deplorable
No he didn't say that, you orange ball sack!
Lol just like Obama and Hillary gezz when are ppl gonna wake up
If you could read and comprehend you would've understood what he said and not embarrassed your office nor US again! But you're illiterate!
"no reason to be alarmed" by the increased police presence is what he meant in his statement, sir.
Maybe because they don't gain their power by trying to instill fear in the electorate. Just a thought.
You should read what he said fully you p##ck
Still waiting for that 30 day plan to destroy ISIS.  Another campaign lie exposed
That's because he is sure he does his job well instead of spending his day on Twitter
Go lay down old man. You're such an embarrassment to our nation. Illegitimate president
No he didn't. Just be quiet & stop embarrassing this country by showing how ignorant you are on every single significant issue! #Incompetent
Once again you are lying to the American people. Please use his entire quote. stop trying to scare people into thinking you have the answers
It's almost like a person in a position of power might actually be trying to keep people calm during a crisis. What will they think of next?
What Khan in fact said: There was “no reason to be alarmed” by an increased, armed police presence. You know no bounds. Liar.
His problems are... never being well-informed & twisting facts into whatever he believes might make him look good. This fits him perfectly.
Twitter on cupcake
...visting the clubs, living our lives, and rolling back home after sunrise. I know. *I* was in London at the time. 2/2 #WorstPresidentEver
he did wut any kind professional leader wud do. keep the ppl calm while u sort out the mess. try n learn sumthg 4 once!!!
You have misquoted our London Mayor, please correct your statement.
No he didn't you fool!
You are a fucking disgrace.



Do you actually think this kind of blatant misrepresentation of the mayor of London's words, by @realDonaldTrump is okay?
That's not what he said. Pls listen again
That's only half the quote. Way to perpetuate the fear Mr Trump
there four forms of jihad: written, spoken, finance, violence. The mayor of London's scripted reply is two of these
We have nation wide Anti-Muslim protests next week. It will include white supremacists.  You  have divided US and brought fear and hate
Acts of terror should not be responded to with terror and disorganization. You should study the Mayor of London to see real leadership.
He's not a man or a leader
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU.  You have NO sense of common decency.  God Lord, you are a rabid embarrassment.
7 dead and 25 wounded in gun violence in U.S. in last 72 hours, and President of U.S. doesn't even mention it.
London mayor has more urgent things to do than listen to your ill-informed tweets.
that you deliberately took out of context.
Not actually what he said, Charlie.
don't be silly jack, if trump says he said it, he said it.
Nice logic.
.realDonaldTrump is right .. the Mayor of London is not protecting the city against terror attacs!
He is a moslem, jihad (2.216) and terror (8.60) are part and parcel pf Islam.
You do not know #London, so please keep you ignorant trap shut! #LondonStands
@GeorgeTakei is right @realDonaldTrump You are a 'hare-brained miscreant.' You failed to understand context of @SadiqKhan comment #London
mayor was referring to the extra police presence you #wankpuffin

Feel like this needs to go on every one of your tweets.
Can we please make #wankpuffin trend worldwide? Trump is a #wankpuffin. Make Trump #wankpuffin Again.
#wankpuffin  is one of my favorite words :) @realDonaldTrump
Well congrats - #wankpuffin is a truly fabulous word to describe the bigoted pile of greed narcissism and stupidity that is @realDonaldTrump
lol thanks I didn't start it, but happy to keep it alive @realDonaldTrump
What happened to that, "whatever we can do to help London" sentiment two tweets ago?  A phone call might have been in order...not a tweet.
Him saying that reminds me of the Judas goat trying to calm the heard until slaughter or the " I come in peace " silique.
He didn't actually say that though did he, He said not to be alarmed at the extra armed police that are on the streets!
Yeah but you aren't the best leader are you? 
What an Insensitive and incompetent president. He accused Obama as being incompetent. That is definitely the pot calling the kettle black.
deliberate misinterpretation of the statements.
Before engaging your fingers on the keyboard, turn on your brain! Assuming you have one.
Send dumb ass TRUDEAU with them to the middle east for good
He said not to be alarmed by the increased police presence, you #bawbag
The mayor said' no reason to be alarmed - over the number of armed police on our streets'
Why can't you get it right
You certainly can't lean on the mayor of London to protect the citizens from Muslim terrorist. Thank God we Americans have President Trump 
Wow. It's incredible how ill informed some people are
Like you!!!!
Let London and England deal with it. It's their choice. Make America great not UK.  basically a weak willed nation. Socialism doesn't work
London isn't the uk mate it's a multicultural shit hole. Every one with a brain moved from that dump years ago
London has been thru so much. Its their leaders duty to CALM fears, not insight pantic.. The 3 men involved were in fact killed, right????
Mr. President, your sheet is showing.
Disgusting. And shameful. Mayor of London has more class and intelligence than you'll ever have, and their people deserve better than this
That's coz us Brits are made of sterner stuff, we invented "Keep Calm and Carry On"!
#ShameOnYou for taking this comment completely #OutOfContext. #YouAreIrresponsible
damn  right :)
I do believe that UK should be alarmed at Mayor of London's lack of concern on the terrorist attacks. Unaccacceptable
Not a good response
I guess the Mayor does not like the fact that you showed the world how unresponsive he really was.
Caro Presidente Trump, è uno dei pochi politici vicino alla gente vera e con neuroni funzionanti.
You can't be Presidential for even one second. Resign!
Why don't the peaceful muslims stand up and tell the radicals we will join the fight against you. If they are really peaceful they will.
.@realDonaldTrump when do you resign?
Please learn how to read. And read again, before you comment.
Thank God I'm not a merkin
Short attention span - "no reason to be alarmed by the armed police on the street" ; For clarification police are not routinely armed.
Hmmm
Yawn.
He said that there's "no reason to be alarmed at the presence of additional armed police on the streets", you wank stain.
SHAME ON YOU
Let me tell you,stop diverting your attention. Clean ur own shot in US. Do not interfer in our country affairs. U jerk
Actually "Londoners will see an increased police presence today and over the course of the next few days. There's no reason to be alarmed."
London has been warning us of influx of radical Muslims but has not done enough to vet them
Yea,  Does anybody know da mayor of London's Name.. That makes Sense, He would say That, I just hope We never say that in da USA ....
, stupid Khan, it's not police presence that has people alarmed, it's the terrorists who put the people at a disadvantage.
Мэр Лондона говорит так, потому что он мусульманин, и во имя Аллаха, он сам способен это
In some British streets Christians are afraid to walk , and they call that normal .
Perhaps a tutor could help you with that reading-comprehension problem.
UK has allowed jihadists to take root in their country. Only bad things follow. Look at how Poland has handled it. No terrorism there!
Deliberately misunderstood #canceluk
You are an absolute TWAT , show some bloody respect.As for @theresa_may stand up for your country and shut this man down ! Disgusting
AND THIS is the response from the LEADER of our Country? INSULTS TO THE UK at a painful time in their world You are UNFIT and need to GO
I knew you cannot read.
But i seems you cannot even understand when u see and hear a sentence on TV.

Try to us the stuff between your ears!
@NPR that @Bloomberg journalist was really bad!
Is misquoting London's mayor the best solidarity you can offer? Another presidential fail
One day after 5 people were shot in Orlando Florida and I don't see you talking about the mayor or the Gun control we need to survive in USA
I am alarmed that you, Mr. Pres. cannot understand plain speech. Mayor Khan was saying don't be alarmed about the extra police presence.
What about #portland #delusional
Tock...
more kiled in your own country due to gun industry (NRA) pushing gun sales to all, you are clueless!
More people die on the roads every day, but we don't live in fear of cars.  You killed more people by pulling out of the Paris Accord.
.@realDonaldTrump why not challenge mayors in New Orleans, Portland, Orlando and other places around the U.S. this week? #alarmed
No reason for alarm if they see more police. Listen to what people say before you tweet.
At least 50 dead and 500 wounded and president does nothing about domestic terrorism.
Americans, this is your president, a scared, insecure, little child, who only won participation trophies, this is what u get for ingnorance.
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"...
Cause its never going to be him is it?SWNEWS
Apparently the Mayor of London doesn't care too much for his people
Trump has lied to you, most likely on purpose.
quick to tweet when Muslim's attack people, silent when it's a white man in London last night ... shame on you.
You must extend your attention-span past 140 characters.. He was actually talking about the police. #notthatsmart #learnenglish
The pundits r saying the mayor was takng about the presence of cops but if u listen u know he was takng about the grwng terror
Yeah hard to believe. Wonder what would cause alarm for her.
your tweets make you stupider than we already knew you were. have your doctor check your mental health.
Wrong.
Nostrovia Comrade Trump...When I find myself in tweets of trouble, Mother Russia comes to me!  Tweeting words of wisdom...Covfefe, covfefe!
What are you going todo...goto war with London now?  #howareyouhuman?
I was born, raised and live in London. I feel no reason to be alarmed. Except for the riots that will ensue if you set foot in London.
Not only that he can't read, but he tweets with all fake facts. Even my 5-year old grandson has better sense in putting things in content.
Britain is not the enemy but you want to fight with Europe what a book one could write if you worked in the WH. Best seller hmmm fiction
I knows it taxes your little brain to read a whole sentence. Have Ivanka do it for you
"no reason to be alarmed by an increased, armed police presence"
Surely a President pushing for more guns on the streets would agree?
Stop taking advantage of tragedy to enforce your own personal agenda of exclusion and prejudice
Orlando.
Totally out of context..and lets be honest, if the mayors last name wasn't Khan this tweet wouldn't have happened...his bigotry is clear
the violence is all based around a death cult called Islam. He's awake. You're asleep.
Thanks for your input, have a nice day
Ostrich or lemming take your pick. Centuries of inbreeding caused the Muslim brain to be mush.
You're an idiot and an example of what is wrong in this country
Bye bye bigoted fool
 block me snowflake.
The mayor was talking about the new increased police presence.Not the issue of terrorism.
Why do you not ACT like a president? People & children look up to you. Why do you not respect our allies in time of terrorist attack?
Lauren doesn't pay attention well. President Trump is not a politician and the mayor of London did say terrorism is not a problem.
Sir, we think you mis-interpret the mayor of London.
You took him completely out of context, he was saying that in reference to the fact that there would be more police in heavy gear patrolling
Yet still no tweet about #FinsburyPark.

 Hmmm...

Perhaps some forms of terrorism are acceptable?
Except he never said that you freakshow.
The only reason to be alarmed is you are POTUS. I have never been more ashamed to be an American. Just stop. #wakeup
I know right...POTUS...that guys a pussy
This is another Trump lie
May be time for London to have a recall election!
Grade 'A' Bullshit. I approve!
drunk again ? Read the WHOLE interview and send Sadiq your apology instantly
Your just a fool!! Your old man was a far better human being! #Trump #trumptou have no clue #fòol
Let's stand together and love one another! My message to terrorists, Stop worshiping false and corrupt ideologies!
Mr. Trump, i like your stand against terror. The world needs more tough leaders like you to permanently erase this radical shit from earth.
And the SCROTUS makes another misleading tweet. Who's surprised? Yeah, thought not.
The thing is, you're right, there's a reason to be alarmed. This needs to stop.
These fucks are killing people daily and I don't see anyone doing anything except Mr. Trump here. The government thinkd we are objects.
So, child, since white male extremists commit most acts of terrorism *points at vegas* you are going to say he should target whites right?
Honorable @SadiqKahn @MayorofLondon thanks for your calm and dignified assurance following the recent attacks...oh, and excuse our #Covfefe.
Please; the UK has enough to deal with, this continued Alamerican airhead bullshit, is just adding insult to injury
The only reason to be alarmed is that you are still residing in the White House. But not for long. Better start packing.
The Mayor looks like aa "arab" I guess they are no "smart people in London, a bunch of mongolies, London should take alook to the Mayor???
Any chance you're going to speak about Orlando?
Those that defend extremist muslims must be made to go live with them under sharia law.
An admission by PM May of failure to protect borders on Her watch isn't history she will own. So butt naked queen wears beautiful clothes.
"No reason to be alarmed at the extra police presence" was the full quote I believe :)
This is called politics. Selecting only part of a quote to twist the reality for personal gain.
I know it's hard for you to read, read the whole statement. Don't let your racism further limit your ability to grow up.
You're an embarrassment
Following that attack Londoners took to the streets chanting "Trump! Trump". Go London and visit the queen.
Donald the world wants you to zip your Twitter lip. Shut up.
What about doing something about terrorism in your own country? Every day there are 90 deaths due to gun violence alone
