Great message, now put America first and stay the fuck out of Syria . One of the reasons you got elected in the first place was because you were so critical of pointless middle East conflicts. Yet here you are possibly getting ready to blow billions of $ and loss of American life
WASHINGTON THE WEAKENED?
I THINK IT IS RIGHTLY TIME THAT REX CONVENED TO PULL OUR GODDAM FINGER, BOY!!!!  #texassteertalk
I wish you would come to California and give a speech like this.
you're like a breath of fresh air that just comes down upon you and you just know it's okay to breathe thank you Mr President
we need a monument to honor our men and women who have fallen in the ME fighting terrorism.
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, &amp; yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY O…...
SOOO..SHIRTS & TIES made in the USA YET??
racist
Putting STRONG sanctions on Russia when weneed RUSSIA to back us up on ISIS, Iran and NKorea is like shooting yourself inthe foot NOTOSMART
Putting STRONG sanctions on Russia when weneed RUSSIA to back us up on ISIS, Iran and NKorea is like shooting yourself in the foot NOTOSMART
@nechr Yeah, right, I can't tell!
It is time to rebuild our country...
How rich is rich enough. The people are divided in the streets those that work and those who live off the government.
True and fill the corporations tax loop holes. Bring back income taxes for corporations, including yours!
"Bring back our jobs" you want everyone to use American workers at a greater cost except for the companies owned by you and your family
Step #1 you and your crooked family need to get the hell out of our white house!!
My dream is not your dream. For starters, My dream includes a considerate, respectful, professional President.  Like President Obama.
It's time for you to stop bullying news personnel.  Please! Start acting Presidential! Act like a duck and let stuff roll off your back.
....and yet you build your tawdry Trump items in China (as does your daughter) and used imported steel for your erections.
I am with you Mr.President. (Since you beat up Vince Mc.Mahon on the WWE like 20 years ago, I said: "If he runs for potus he has my vote")
That means you need to go 1st! Bcz u are doing nothing!
This reminds me of post-war German rhetoric.
Turn on the cameras
how's your mistress and your wife's lover feel about american values?
#WeNeededTrump and Thank God #WeGotTrump
are you going to call out the companies that have moved jobs overseas?
Donald J Trump I'm in England I wish you were our prime minister you're a real leader keep it up
#plasticfree yeah make it great and Green again!

Okay jackass-in-chief. Let's get started lamebrain! What do you propose? Oh, here's a new thought, let's build a wall. A really big one.
God bless you Donal trump
Your business and IVANKAs are still overseas? Guess that does not go for you two.
FAH Q
Jules is a dueschbag, maybe we should kick him out of the country. U go Mr President u will do great things!!
Yes! Let's rebuild America by getting you out of the White House and into a jail cell. Let's do that!
Your welcome and we love you... GOD BLESS!
liar liar liar
BUT trump not doing this.  tourism down. car plant going to china (along with trumps clothes)
President Trump please dont take away vetertans disability benefits they deserve them for many that is what they live on they will die
Yesssss
Keep up the most excellent work, my wife and I are praying for you daily and believe you have Americas best interest at heart
OUR biggest dream is to get u impeached. why rebuild our country when theres so much good already there. pls dont get offended mr. trump(et)
Trump u need to stop or u will get kicked
He talks but never says anything......
Sounds like he's still on the campaign trail.
I hope your supporters eventually realize your "thoughts" are completely empty and thought and reasoning.
BTW, Happy Father's Day! I hope you have had a good day and I want you to know I approve of you w/almost everything; nobody's perfect LOL :)
Don't forget people dependent on Social Security-I'm collecting my money I put in since age 16 now I'm disabled-increase COLA-desperate need
Every time Dumpster says "America" or "we" or "our" replace it with "ME".  Always me, me, me, per Dump Zero concern for humanity as a whole.
7 Sailors are dead because of you!  Do your job!  Hire a goddamn ambassador to Japan
Yes sir
Thank you sir. May God bless you.
Yep we are going to see some great things happen.  Your impeachment!
Your daddy couldn't get a bill passed if he was in a strip club with a fistful of singles.
@TahoeFerguson you should have thought about that when you was hiring all those illegal immigrants for your hotels
Everything you’ve done,in ur life,was incredibly beautiful as you follow thru u bring about excellence & surely it’ll be Amer the Beautiful!
I need a job!󾓦
Hell to the YES!!! Thank you Mr. President
Are you utterly insane?  Yes, I think you are, but you know that.  Read some U.S> history, will you?  Or have someone read it to you!  Fool
yes! I have appied for onr of the WH jobs, I hope you will allow me tne honor of working for you to achieve this goal and to MAGA!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
It's time to bring back comey
Excellent. When can we expect Ivanka's brand moved to US manufacturing?
You go, Sir!!! Time to get America back to where She belongs!!! 
Felis día presidente muchas bendiciones de parte de María evangelista chile Dios te ama
please keep up the hard work that it takes to drain the swamp. We r praying for you!!!
Comey,Hillary,Mueller,McCain , the only answer is real term limits, congress must obey all laws people are expected to obey!!!
Donald...it is time to bring back a robust middle class instead of taking from us to make rich people richer.
Get off of my airplane. You didn't pay any taxes, so get off the plane that I helped buy with my tax dollars.
The only jobs you are creating are for special prosecutors investigating you!
Ju
My advice: start by killing healthcare. Who dreams of that?
Still making suits in China? HYPOCRITE.
Does that mean Your clothing line is coming back to US?
You mean the country you are trying to hand over to Russia, that country?
Starting with u & Ivankas stuff made in China??
So far you've done FUCK ALL. 

The world is waiting, and watching.
Bring back our internet and free speech!
 So proud of our PRESIDENT TRUMP 
Put the phone down and get on with it then!
Start restoring your dreams by bringing back your own family's businesses back to America you loud mouth hypocrite
?
Thanks to all the great people from other countries that built this land. Most of the came her as convinced felons, and later on immigrants
Americans 1st not the rich fucks you represent
But you don't care about our country. You only care about Trumplandia and Trumpistan and Trumpworld. Sad loser. Pathetic small hands. Liar.
More hot air from dicktator donny. #trumpisawitch
IT'S ALSO time for you to put stop to Mueller. Conflicts of interest are numerous. Please do not sit back; this is real; not going away ...
How about your family's business first.
"Put our needs first! #germanyfirst!" -hitler, probably
America belongs to the Earth Community. Your rhetoric and myopic actions will not make us first!
The coal mine is not going to work? Period & smh

What about Social Security?  We've paid our dues....but our coffers were stolen from us
So why no reaction time the"flag of convenience"scam affecting US airlines?Let me guess..you own UAE or Norway Air stock?Where's your taxes?
What are you waiting for?
In order to rebuild you must leave first.....Then we can build....
You won't restore America in the coal mines. The American future has to lead the world in the new jobs and those that don't exist yet.

An smeared VAwhistleblower sees a 180degree change in who's really supporting Freedom of Speech @Refee00
 
Xenophobia.
Tell your Fox and Friends that
Best of luck...I know you WIL
l do it!!
Thank you to put POTUS!! We voted for you, we believe in you, we have your back!
SO JASON....IM ASSUMING YOUR THE BOTTOM IN YOUR TRUMP RELATIONSHIP
Wishing you a wonderful birthday present Trump! You're doing a great job. Thank you very much for all of your supporters!!!
sound great
Get to the bottom of who is pulling the strings and prosecute to the max. No more crooks taking walks.
You are the real cause of the senseless violence on the American people. Your ego before our country. Do right !Resign and put US first .
So its time to restore white privilege restore white power and restore the white male American dream at the expense or women minorities LGBT
Mother Japan. Sibs japan/Spain gr.kids Vietnam/black wife Irish. Me mutt. We all have same dreams. We are all human. One race.
Yes absolutely we are!! My problem is the blatant attack by the GOP on those who don't fit their ideology.  Texas N Carolina Mississippi
You will do nothing of the kind. You will make it easier for the rich to fuck the poor. That's what you do!
Stop making your clothing over seas, make it in America
#freeourpoliticalprisoners
Why not start with bringing YOUR jobs back to MY country, you know, the ones in china, pakistan..you sorry pos
Fix student loans.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRESIDENT TRUMP!!
Keep up your good work.
Awesome. How do you plan to accomplish these things? So far, it's one failure after another. Oh, and then a criminal investigation. #Winning
You're not rebuilding anything accept the KKK.
YES!  Disregard the Lefty Libs who loot and burn things in their temper tantrums...now resorting to attempted  MURDER!  Sick.

Happy Birthday President Trump
But first you have to fire Muller, he is stacking the deck against you, with democrats, who  cares what they say, he is unfair believe me.
Court finds that Trump admin approval of Dakota Access Pipeline violated the law
And calling something "Infrastructure Week" doesn't mean we all stop paying attention to your shenanigans, you orange man-baby.
You first.  Bring your companies jobs back to the US.  Bring Invaka's companies back to the US.  You could breathe life into a steel town.
@UN #我没有犯法没有犯罪没做过什么，我没有做死中国共产党和国家，我没消灭共产党 #抗议中国共产党汉族人当官和很多人说做死我做死谁都行了，说什么话都要能做死人，说我犯死罪犯法，说要做死什么人都行了 #请全世界人都出来说话
You could start with ohhh say that place down where hurricane Katrina hit... where the po' black folks live.
Happy Birthday Mr President, we will always stand with you on your endea
To build bridges you need iron and concrete. To build roads you need OIL. To build tech you need investments. Please use new tech to build.
So bring your businesses back to USA! Lead by example? How about prog to train for new tech. #TrumpHypocrisy #FakeBusinessman
And pay for all OUR stuff by having the  wealthy invest in their most secure profit center, the US middle class. Tax cuts don't work.
Happy birthday Mr President.  That's for all you're doing for the country
Rebild it by bringing back Democracy starting with your impeachment
Maybe it would be easier to wait for jobs to appear as a result of the previous regime's policies and just take credit
End the #FederalHiringFreeze and you will bring MANY jobs back, including my husband's. Federal Jobs fees the economy and our two kids.
When will you bring your tie factory to the U.S.?  HUH?? We're not stupid!!  Lead by example!!
Happy birthday I hope you have a great day keep up the good work
Happy Birthday!
Breaking news from the Kremlin... oops I mean the White House lol
We love you President Trump.  My wife and I pray for you, your family and the Republican Party every night.
don't you mean - put you first???
HAPPY. BIRTHDAY!!! God Bless America and God Bless You!
If that is so. Share with us this plan of action. Every thing should have a plan. And the American people deserve to know what it is! #truth
Where are your Jobs Added stats? All bluster and nothing else!
I live in Ohio you've done nothing for us
I have faith you will make America great again!
We are all tired of paying for your expensive trips and we can't afford a vacation with our family
