And you made Americans proud for supporting all Americans and your stance against any and all hate is any group of people
could not have learned much at that place
you're such a lying racist/bigot please stop trying to pretend! It's so noticeable how uncomfortable you are
.@realDonaldTrump Please release your tax returns.

#ReleaseYourTaxes
why?
you should write and publish an essay about what you learned
We want American families before illegals or immigrants. America FIRST!
Did U see the Rev.  Jackson daycare.?
@POTUS A+ for Conwayesque faux sincerity.  @VP still does it better than both you & @KellyannePolls though.
ah the rebrand begins. Don't believe a word.
Just a note, we real Americans stand with you. We are proud to have you as OUR PRESIDENT!
tell me one thing that stood out to you. Just one thing.

Thank you for taking the pervs out of the females bathrooms! We love you.
Beautiful, terrific people. So you had a rain delay on the 1st tee and had a couple hours to kill? #HeDoesntGiveAShitAboutU
Only 25.5% of people eligible to vote in the 2016 election chose you. 74.5% of people did not want you to be President!
take a long nap.
Did you check for Birth Certificates? "My people in Hawaii can't believe what they're finding!"
LOL. No one likes you.
I like him. Got balls
Mr. Trump I believe in my heart you and Ronald Reagan are the best presidents of my era and I am 48 years old keep up the good work
Did you have someone there to explain it all to you?
Mr Trump i see economy sucks sales are down whats happening?????
You say make america great again i dont see that whats happening Boss
Boss whats going on with economy i dont see it booming i thought you knew how to grow economy
Trump t'as l'esprit du cheval blanc. 
@The socialist party @realDonaldTrump people, Trump is the president of USA. You are old news. Accept it.
America has a dictator as president. It will take many years to correct the damage he will cause.
America had traitors as presidents and it will take for Trump a few months to correct the damage they mad.
if u enjoy things of history and culture somuch how are you going to let the natives be stripped of their own land #nodapl
Nobody has changed the boundaries of the reservation. The DAPL is not on the reservation.
and by them doing as they please it doesnt seem like its all theirs now does it
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job don...
.@realDonaldTrump maybe now at your rallies, people of color wont't be attacked or shunned?
attacked and shunned by the lefties for being "uncle toms" or "coons" or "race traitors"?
hey mr. President we just call them black Americans they're not from Africa we love you keep up the good work
thank you Mr. President! Were Clarance Thomas and other black repubs represented @ Museum? I heard the are  blacklisted :(
You're doing great! Just bc twitter deletes positive tweets to you, don't think you lost your supporters. We are here! 
why do you support him?
Bc he wants what is best of America. He sees the corruption in congress & MSM. He plays MSM like the fools
It's called #4DChess. Like Sweden. Sweden has a refugee problem, and he got MSM to talk about it. Sure,
Most blamed it on what Trump said, but we are smart enough to know (bc we literally videos b4 he mentioned
Sweden) that rape and violent crime is up.
Let me guess: you think violent crime is UP in the US, too, right? Belief doesn't equal truth. Do some research.
I have. That's why I left the left.
.@realDonaldTrump "I'm not racist, I have a black friend—Ben Carson!"
And Don King.
And this man @niggersfortrump
He's a robot like all of his followers.
your doing a great job
Right down the street, go, visit the Holocaust Museum. #humility
#Vote November 6, 2018 #MidTerm2018 #CalendarIt http://NC.gov  (Do your homework) Plan Ahead! #Vote2018
why did it take you a month longer than when you were originally supposed to visit it

don't you have better things to do than go on Museum tours? You should have done that at school!
Sabrina De Sousa, former CIA, was detained in Portugal is awaiting extradition to Italy. Please help her, take me - I'm old
Donnie, people don't think you're doing a great job. New poll shows your approval 43% That's bad, not very ego boosting
but yet Republicans draw election voting lines so blacks can't vote very good Mr Trump you're such a hypocrite
Was there a Ku Klux Klan section with a picture of your grandfather?

You're just a Butt hurt liberal.
Make America Great Again. Thank you,  @realDonaldTrump! 
Did U meet with Frederick Douglass while U were there? I hear he is doing amazing things!!
Overthrow the illegitimate president. I do not agree with @mike_pence but he is mentally stable and not a fascist.
any chance you're going to do some actual work? Or did you take a sicky?
I'm a Republican. Donald Trump is a fuckwit of the highest order. Stop using the word "Liberal" as an insult.
.@realDonaldTrump Didn't you skip the history section? Slavery, Jim Crow, segregation...
Wow, how origjnal, you think of that all by your Lil self????

The more you keep calling Trump a racist… The more you make yourself look stupid! 

#FakeStreamMedia #FakeNewsMedia #MAGA 
is this supposed to prove something?
This is their version of "I have black friends!" and "some of my daughters are Jewish"
then he must be the worst racist in the world if he accepts Blacks and Jews, right?
oooo, a swing a miss. Sorry. 
@Hadooken08 @Liam0087 @CatLovesUSA @realDonaldTrump
Sadly. Yes. Blind pple don't get it.
They are living in the dark ages and must be stopped. 
No we get it. Some Christians are extremists, some Muslims are extremists.
YES! This is just MORE PROOF that we are really the LEAST RACIST PERSON!
After all, WE have famous egyptologist BEN CARSON on our team!
And also OMAROSA, whose qualifications for a job in the White House we found out when we were filming THE APPRENTICE!
And then we had that one guy whose name we didn't know, so we just said: LOOK AT MY AFRICAN-AMERICAN OVER THERE!
That guy was SO HAPPY, he went to tell his friends CARSON and OMAROSA and the people at the SMITHSONIAN!
Why, you say? Because they are all FRIENDS OF HIS! That's how this works! We just LOVE them!
But NOT the INNER CITIES, because the people who are all friends of each other there are LIVING IN HELL! SAD!
Ah, it sure feels good to enter a room and think to ourselves: WE ARE THE LEAST RACIST PERSON!
And was Frederick Douglass your tour guide? @realDonaldTrump
You better let your president know when he died! Because he doesn't know!
 that's about the only thing I will agree with you on.
You as well! Many blessings.
The Department of Justice Sued Trump and His Father Fred in 1973 for Housing Discrimination at 39 Sites Around New... • @realDonaldTrump
Old crooks never ever ever change.
Did you learn who Frederick Douglass is?
An Interview with the Museum Docent Who Delicately Broke the News of Frederick Douglass's 1895 Death to President Trump
you're becoming a bore. R u an American or not.Not?leave.Mexico is nice, oh my bad, they don't let in illegal immigrants.
said the egg bot...
I just don't know why, my spirit do support this great president, I love all his moves, good job Mr. President
Hey tough guy-picking on a 26 yo woman w/a BRAIN TUMOR? #badhombre, huh? #TRUMP #IMPEACH #ASSHOLE http://time.com/4680418/immigration-brain-tumor-woman/?xid=time_socialflow_facebook …
Happy you have one BLACK cabinet member to take out on your little field trips. Tell Ben you'll see him next MLK Day!
Did you enjoy it bigly cheeto boy
did you get to Meer Frederick Douglas?
You are so stupidly vague. Did you at least learn something?
.@realDonaldTrump Hard to overstate how much the vast majority of Americans miss the dignified statements of @BarackObama
"look, i have my very own black!!" (that one's for u @Machaizelli)
LOOK AT MY AFRICAN AMERICAN OVER THERE
100% supporter but PLEASE Mr. President stop with the fake news line. NOT helpful anymore.  PLEASE!
OK. Now are you talking about the people who built the tour or the one's who built America? My gut thinks it's the former.
did you have a 'brown shower orange-ade refresh' whilst you were there?
Name one..just one black American invention! Here's a kicker for you: first woman millionaire, black woman. Not fake news!
it's great, except for someone
well, hope you learned something
Clock is running only 741 Days left
No new tweet in over 24hrs. Why so serious? Hope you're not sick. Or worse... (one can hope can't one?)
who are getting recognized more and more I hear
What did you learn.
I know you were excited to finally meet Frederick Douglass, Donnykins. Invite him over for Auntie's famous cookies!
Cutting immigration to 500K & kicking out 2-3 m will get us into a recession and you have to cut SS + Medicare. Great Don!
I'm 52 with more than $175,000 in student loan debt together with long term unemployment. Help people like me to get back
WONDERFUL you're enjoying all your fun time and vacation time.  After all, it has been 6 weeks of fun time & vacation time.
u certainly haven't been working 4 the little guy.  It's rich or no one.
name one. Name one person. And no fair calling them "my African American" like you did on the campaign trail
hmmm....well this is awkward
what people do you even know?
you have no culture
Tell us about the Russia gate!

I tried to believe I was wrong. I knew you would be an establishment puppet. Go golf and let the real swamp criminals rule
Hope you learned who Frederick Douglass was. (Pop quiz: James Baldwin?)
where you at orange crush.  You figured out that you're hated by everyone.  Your vp is positioning for your job!  Lol

#resist #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance 

It's tRUMP…
what no lies about it, being you didnt have a hand in it
ahh... you went to the Negro Museum... clearly you're not a racist
I believe u can trust Reince, Bannon, & the others who were with u frm the start. Have doubts abt PaulRyan for some reason
this total crap you tweet,does it come from Bannon?
when you hurt transgender people and people who have lived here for decades - I am not impressed with you
Perhaps you should also tour the Holocaust Museum. And make a statement about the ongoing domestic terrorism against Jews
'enjoyed' ... clearly you missed the point
way to go...
everybody is amazing or tremendous until they call you out on all your BS you are a wealthy con Artist period.@billmaher
how can you run the country if you can't stay off of Twitter
What was your favorite exhibit? (No fair, no Googling)
this is awesome 
What did Frederick Douglass have to say about President's Day? Did he do an amazing job on the tour???
- are you trying to cover up for that Frederick Douglass snafu?  Breaking News:  he's still dead.
Clown props.
your presidency rots more with each passing day.  Promise breaker, liar, tyrant.
Did they have a good snack bar? They have AMAZING food.
You know it too late.
or making a nuisance of ourselves
did you learn anything????
#Trumprussia
LIAR LIAR LIAR SHOW YOUR TAXES!!!
Civil rights protests are to be thanked for this museum.
Twitler, I challenge you to read a page from a book that I select. You can't do it! You are illiterate. Prove me wrong!
you do not have a Single black person in your cabinet, What are you talking about.
Must have been your first encounter with black people in America. What a shock for you.
you do realize all those "early Africans" were unwilling "Illegal immigrants" right?  #justsaying
What are you even talking about? Try to discuss the content and not the tour guide dipshit #BHM #fredrickdouglas
sounds bitchy
Is Ivanka the 1st Lady?
The museum is still cleaning your fingerprints off! WORST PREZ EVER!
president Trump my be a billionaire, but you realize he is now the president. Meaning Mr.trump will Trump you anytime .
Culture?? You have none sir!
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/facebook-is-testing-dislike-button.html …
POTUS IS So FAKE...!!!! Think cause a racist/nazi went to a black museum during black history month  that we care...NOT
did you learn who Frederick Douglass was yet?
damn hypocrite
It is a great job done by amazing people.  Too bad you are a bigot!
Did you ask any of the black people to set up a meeting with the CBC for you? Or at least, one of the black women to do it?
If you're touring museums why do t you visit the Holocaust Memorial Musuem? You can see where you are leading our country.
get off Twitter, no real president has the time for nonsense and foolishness. What a waste a time for a president!
Do you still believe Frederick Douglass is alive with a big fan base? Possibly a rapper from the mean streets of Chicago?
YOU NEED TO VIST THE @FredDouglassNPS IN DC. HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL HOME. #BLACKHISTORYMONTH
Just another photo opportunity. We know you don't give a damn.
and all you saw was BLACK & WHITE.... Wasn't it ?
was Marshall Mathers or B eyonce there?
did Frederick Douglass give you the tour? Where's omerosa? Isn't it her job to keep you up on blacks? especially in Feb?
liar liar pants on .
@JaneDoeCountry .
help boost me followers. I totally suck at this twitter stuff x Victoria Everett-Hughes
http://www.courier-journal.com/story/news/2017/02/24/muhammad-ali-jr-detained-immigration-fla-airport/98376180/ …
$ if you need a Faith and Diversity Advisor I put myself forward sir.
you'll never understand!!
you are freaking awesome..We love you.may God stand by your pen
This tweet is so unbelievably transparent.
Too vague. Tell us what you actually LEARNED, @realDonaldTrump, & how you will use that new knowledge to become an effective leader for ALL.
#congress Pentagon
they probably could use a volunteer docent. Just quit your current job and give to the community in so many ways.
With respect Mr #Trump why didn't you tweet your support of Jews in response to anti-Semitic events on the same day?
urgent help! Good mexicans being sent back with NO felony record!! ICE corrupt! Help. Vote for u but help! I cant help u 
i have nothing to criticize on this tweet.  The opposit if BLM is black lives don't matter.  That is the police force

@EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump
