How about you doing your job and stop being concerned about the rules of the Senate.  Lost by 51 No votes...HA!  Senseless is you!
Fact!
Wrong. 60 votes is the way to go!
We need consensus!
In order to pass great legislation you first need GREAT legislation. Apparently you can't even make that great much less America.
No way! The 60 vote rule is how we have stopped Amnesty for illegals before and how we will stop Trump's Comprehensive Amnesty plans.
The onus is on YOU Donald... maybe you should get off the campaign trial, playing in fire trucks, & emulating the Hitler Youth w/B.S.
only people that would lose health care w/o Obama Health Control would be millions voluntarily jumping off because of no mandates. CBO lied
Trump can't negotiate!
Really...you can't even get 51 votes, so instead of trying to change the vote majority...ACTUALLY come up with great bipartisan legislation
#FailureFriday
still won't help you look at last night
It's not about the GOP ruling America. It's about the GOP working with the Democrats to make America better.
Another constipated tweet from Trump's toilet. Please stop. You're killing us with your stupidity
Regular Order bipartisanship
Don't like the basic tenants and rules of Democracy? Change them!
Well, Caesar, maybe you should just do away with the Senate #FailureFriday
Sorry, I have to disagree. GOP can't get 51 votes on anything they have to be held accountable for. McCain and others vote is proof.
Wont help you. You'll still lose because YOU SUCK.

RESIGN now so everyone can get life back to normal. Also MILLIONS need a nap.

#Mueller
The rules should not be changed to fit Trumps agenda. The congress needs to find common ground and work for the people not the president!
agreed!
"Senseless 60"?
Did you really just call the framers of the US Constitution "senseless"?
Stop whining. Yesterday's loss helped millions of Americans keep their healthcare meaning they won't die. That is what is important. Be kind
Right. It's senseless to have protections against gang-style politics.
Bill got only 51 No votes yesterday so that wouldn't have helped.
One thing to describe you, LOSER!
@SenJohnMcCain also recently met w Islamic Cult MEK who killed Americans & called them "Freedom Fighters"
why bother voting at all? why not just do what you say all the time, you could call yourself Emperor Trump
Senseless?  Senseless?  You need to go back to high school!
America is not your playground, you twit. The rest of us live here, and we don't have people giving us millions to fuck over everyone else.
Sore loser

That wouldn't have even helped you today, Donnie! 
#Winning
If the legislation were truly "great" they could easily get 60 plus votes.
1:33 a.m. The Health Care Freedom Act (HCFA) failed. The tally: 49 and 51
So, what would you say you do here?  You have no understanding of your office or how the Senate actually voted! #IdiotInChief #FailureFriday
They couldn't get 51 votes yesterday. You're a loser.
For a start, that wouldn’t have helped you with healthcare, unless you decided 49 votes should be a ‘majority’
Secondly, and more importantly, Republicans don’t generally do this because then Democrats would be forced to next time they’re in power.
That would mean whoever has a tiny majority would be able to push through whatever laws they wanted without any need for discussion.
Both parties have serious politicians and lawmakers within them, and both know as a matter of general principle this would be a bad thing.
Both sides have been obstructionist in the past, although I would argue there’s been much more obstruction from Republicans...
... but the right thing to do is to return to normal order and return the work to bipartisan committees finding some common ground.
If you cared about American people and their healthcare, you’d have used these processes to fix flaws in Obamacare that Democrats recognize
Instead of going to the wall (and failing to deliver) on ultra-partisan healthcare that barely any American supports
You only needed 51 votes!

God, you're dumb.

So, back to #TrumpRussia...

#FailureFriday
#FridayFeeling
So, bashing Sessions so he'll resign and you can get your new AG to fire Mueller isn't really working out for you, huh?
SAD!
#FailureFriday
Who knew that calling a GD American war hero names would backfire?
McCain helped to sink #Trumpcare. 
#FridayFeeling
#FailureFriday
Whew! The ACA repeal is off the table for now.
We can go back to focusing on #TrumpRussia.
#FridayFeeling 
#FailureFriday
TFW Trump voters realize that the Democrats + Murkowski, Collins, and McCain saved their healthcare coverage.
#FailureFriday 
#FridayFeeling
And, finally, women in the Senate, including Collins and Murkowski, have a message for you: DON'T F*CK WITH OUR HEALTHCARE.
#FAILUREFRIDAY
Or What Nobody?!
Did Steve Bannon get a good night's sleep?
Reince next?
Called it!
Damnit I called #Sessions
It's so close between Sessions and Rex!
And if you're like me you're thinking how the hell is KellyAnn still employed?
Wow #FailureFriday another failure for Trump the loser.
You take more L's than the word parallel
Obama handled this, even without a majority in either house. Why can't you? LOSER
You are part of the Executive Branch - keep your focus  there and let the Legislative Branch run as directed by the Constitution of America
They don't want to. They want to keep getting fat on our $, pretending to be different that Dems. It's all an illusion.
The rules set up in the Senate were done so for a reason. If you'd stop tweeting you might learn something about how bills get passed.
The healthcare bill didn't even have 50 votes. If Republicans are going to pass legislation, they need to write bills that don't suck.
If it is great legislation, it will get 60 votes without a problem. You are complaining about not getting 60 votes for unpopular bills. SAD!
The rules that have existed for two centuries exist for a reason... that reason is YOU.  They're not going to change just to suit you.
five words...That's Not How It Works!!!
Our Founding Fathers must be rolling in their graves right now. You've corrupted such a beautiful thing they've created
You strike me more as a Cosby show fan
change the rules, when you cant get 60 votes
Or, and I am just spitballing here, they could actually come up with great legislation that benefits America, so they could get the votes
Dimwit, it was a 50 vote majority. #TrumpIsClueless
#TrumpIsAFraud
read the Constitution... Seriously!
30k comments so far. Zero pro Trump. 
Great leaders keep fighting and winning while attacked! Great job #POTUS !
All this winning is exhausting. Take a break.
so the only way you can get ANYTHING done is the cheat & steal? Oh, and go bankrupt, settle out of court and collude with a foreign gvrnmnt.
Do it!
Just go away.
They cannot even get 51 votes to do this.
51 simple majority rule rocks; get it done, Sir.
simple simple simple. Get rid of this Obumacare that has dragged us all down to substandard healthcare. Get rid of it. Smh
-
Thats some real BS if ive ever heard it! LMFAO you cant pass crap so you want to change the way "Amerca" runs. What a cry baby
60 protects from evildoers. And your healthcare couldn't even get 51, So what's the difference?
Stop trying to complain your way into making something work. Do your job!
60 is in our constitution. If you want to make a sensible change, Run for emperor against emperor Palpatine in the next Senate quorum.
GO BACK TO RE/MAX!  Do the country a favor.  Let a grown up lead the Nation. UR understudy Pence is stabbing U in Back.
Unfortunately , the Republican Party is loaded with self serving, back stabbing phonies as you are learning. McCann's vote was pay back.
Why is it senseless to protect the voices and votes of millions of us? You do nothing but you have WH, House and Sen. #failure #losing
Be careful, sir.  Therre are more than 50 ready to impeach.
We must go to popular vote not electoral college and 51 not 2/3 for impeachment! @DonaldJTrumpJr
Believe a simple majority should rule the day? If so, let's let the popular vote determine who wins the Presidency. That would be not you.
I think the needle is stuck in a grove.  Time to mix it up.
Oh you want to change the rules so you can do what you want? Like changing the rules on voting, Immigration, Putin back channel, MSM access.
That's actually a safeguard so the GOP can't pass some bullshit healthcare legislation. #takeadumpontrump
I wish I could lead a bunch of people to impeach
The old codgers in the Senate don't want to pass anything. They want to continue to collect their salaries, benefits, & huge allowances.
They can pass with 51 votes, it just requires debate. if not, a cloture vote takes 60.
You can't get that many anyways, so who cares?
John Baynor said they could never agree on anything . Remember him
The vote last night was a majority vote, republicans weren't filibustering their bill, which you should know Mr. President. EMBARRASSING!
Thank you to Senators McCain, Murkowski, and Collins for standing up for the American people.  THEY  have my respect.  YOU do not.
Time to wake up. The Dems, Repubs and media have launched a soft Coop who is the et tu brute in this Caesar play. Trust family
For a guy claiming to be a #BIGLY salesman, you sure SUCK at enrolling people.  All evidence points to you being a bullying dictator. #SAD
It's only senseless if you don't want democracy.
#ImpeachTrump
Sorry Mr president, republicans are too busy getting rich off of special interests to do the right thing for Americans. It's all on you.
I thought you were good at making deals?  Is that only when everyone is already on your side?  Try talking to Dems and build plans together.
So, ya just want to change the constitution now?
You Vacillate more on this topic than a lawn sprinkler!
Here's a thought Mr. Trump, encourage our elected officials to work together. That's what Americans want. Stop dividing this country. Sad!!!
You need a few more Republican House and Senate  friends! Stop with all of the tweeting and public fan fare. Poor agenda results! Tetitus!!!
If they want to get anything done they need to stop kissing your big butt, stop catering to rich at our expense and listen to constituents.
Don't U remember?:GOP obstruction 8 years?Obama couldn't accomplish many of his policies?! Dems & GOP & POTUS 45 must work together 4 USA
yes, they better do something...cause nothing gets done.  I think term limits would help in all ways.
This is not your criminal cheating lying business enterprise. This is democracy. #DoYourJob
Yes let's completely change the system because you're such a great negotiator you can't get any legislation passed even with a majority
May it has to do with your nonsense?
Or the two parties could work together for the good of the country. Just an idea.
Lmao what a joke you are @realDonaldTrump
Way to uphold the Constitution.

You know, that oath you took.

Oh wait.
That was another lie you made wasn't it?
You didn't get, 51 votes yesterday, not s chance in hell you'd get to 60. Desk with it
Good Lord. Had you been a founder we'd be like Nigeria
In case you missed it, the repeal Obama care was 51 votes and they could not do it. Hopefully the same will happen with the rest.

A super majority isn't senseless simply because you disagree with outcome. You can't pitch a fit to get your way. That's not democracy.
Liberals would change it in a heartbeat
So, you're saying that a simple majority is all it should take, right? Ok, fair enough, now about the 2016 election...
Another delusional w brain damage
LMAO. You're such a loser.
Smell that.....that the fish rotting from the head down.
You really don't understand how our country works.
Making America Great Again is more important than preserving the #filibuster.  Dems will end the filibuster if they have the majority,
@SenMajLdr
Please study how politics actually work. You aren't the king.
60 is not senseless. It's compromise.
Our laws are in place for a reason. Go play golf and stay out of our policies
@realDonaldTrump Do you realise you have the potential to create GREAT HAPPINESS AND MAYBE EVEN EUPHORIA? Yep, just RESIGN!!!  Please?
It was also a senseless rule in the Constitution that got you elected. Remember that.
Designed by the Founding Fathers = senseless? #TrumpCare #TheArtOfTheFail #NiceTry #IllegitimatePresident
McCain need to retire
The people don't care what the GOP does  Only that ALL of Congress works together. That is the proper route. Not steamrolling in bad bills.
Guessing you missed the constitutional law class in sleazy real estate developers school.
Sure, if you can't win, move the goal line closer.  GOP Congress is on to you.
Remember you said this when the senate has no choice but to start impeachment proceedings
Art of the deal. Lmfao.  You can't win over all the R's much less 8 or 9 D's
Just look at the number of "likes", compared to the number of "replies" ...on all his tweets. Fot those that are confused about the majority
All of those people have a job to do.  It's your lack of working cooperatively & bashing that is making passing any legislation impossible.
A way to get a conservative majority in Congress: corruption indictments.
We also need to decide elections on the popular vote...in which case you would NOT have won....get Smart...
#potus45 retire fool You don't understand how our governement works
Yeah, peaches, that's not the way it works. Perhaps you should familiarize yourself with the rules.
So popular vote wins? #hypocrite #WorstPresidentEver @POTUS
You wouldn't agree if you were on the other side, which means it probably shouldn't happen.
DimWit
Trump will be Impeached & the Congress is working it up as i tweet this, Putin stepped over fine line with Trump Impeach Trump & Nuke Russia
Senseless describes you, not the 60-vote standard.
Maybe just pass what ever POTUS wants, far simpler than a democracy
You're an immoral liar & a traitor who is destroying American.  You, your family & associates will soon be brought to justice #TraitorTrump
no fktard. This is called democracy.
Speaking of senseless... this guy is an Epic Failure!
This fool is even worse than zuma in South Africa. For a billionaire he is really stupid
The Republicans have accomplished nothing with their majority.
You make me laugh my ass off! Shit, you make the whole world laugh their asses off. You vs the Founding Fathers 
I believe you can get to 60 if you try too work together, and unify this country as you promised during the primaries!
We voted for R's Mitch need to go to 51 majority, what can we do to help?
@potus Oh, Donald, how many times do we have to tell you that you're not King. You can't tell Congress how to do their business. Thank God!
This is what happens when. you run for president because your pride was bruised by the last pres and you have no clue #schooled
*leaning into the mic* Wrong!
