then why don't you ever listen to her?
bullshit!
I heard her clothing line is made in China. Is that true?
it's to much of a coincidence. If her products were so bad why wouldn't they pull the plug years ago.Rediculiois
@POTUS @Nordstrom Oy Oy Oy!!!!
So, I see that Kmart and Sears (along with Nordstroms) have also dropped tRump Krap! Your 'brand' is toxic! Sad.
Nordstrom may notice a drop in their sales after this. They picked the wrong side.
She's just like you, trump! You're her role model, embarrassing!
Yeah, totally unfair.  Businesses should be forced to carry ugly-ass shoes and frumpy outfits at premium prices.
My daughter Ivanka's been treated so unfair by the @WhiteHouse. She's a rich person -- always pushing me to make her richer
My god these libtards are triggered ;)
tell her to push harder
there are wars, persecution, poverty, terrorist and and so much more going on in the world today.
just buy NordsTom and Bevis and Butthead can rule it
I'm not going to buy Ivanka's clothes, you said buy American remember? Just saying.....
. @realDonaldTrump @Nordstrom Fortunately it seems like we are looking at the end of your presidency. Soon you can shill for her full time.
I hope you are watching SNL tonight  it puts your administration in such a good light
ask me if I care

So true! Your daughter shouldn't have to face unfettered capitalism! That's for commoners, NOT a beautiful billionairess!
well done on Nordstrom! Trump's response: capitalism! IT'S SO UNFAIR WHEN IT WORKS AGAINST ME AND MY FAMILY!!
interesting, you'd think u would just DO the right thing without being pushed.
I'm sorry Ivanka is taking heat for your decisions, that's simply not fair to her. You're right, Terrible
Maybe you should listen to her more in that case.
Great, a mentally unbalanced "President" trying  AGAIN to hurt another business. Seek help Donald, u need it!
They said that her stuff is not selling. What's unfair about that?
this is what u do with your day, u should be ashamed of yourself @Nordstrom isn't doing anything wrong #conflictsofinterest
The terrible part is you never listen to her and do the right thing. Now she owes taxes. Family thing huh!
why doesn't she push you to get a hair cut? Or release your taxes? Or stop cheating on Melania with Putin?
Kim, there's people dying.
Then why are you doing everything wrong. U won because We did not want the D or R. Dump SB & be the person Ivanka spoke of
They should have their heads shoved up their behinds the snobbish bastards.
Ivanka sweatshops, many violations of overtime limits, workplace safety concerns, and required 57 hour weeks for near Chinese minimum wage
boo fucking hoo
life is not fair!  Move on!
Well, aren't you the little wordsmith; using words with more than one syllable. Here I thought we'd be stuck with (SAD!).
She better Push a hell of a lot harder because she is doing a pretty lousy job at the present!! RESIGN!
so Nordstrom is more important than Americans killing Americans? Sad, very sad. #ImpeachTrump #impeachPence
#rapistdonaldtrump Apparently didn't push hard enough.  You still misuse presidential position for personal gain
My daughter in DC just bought a fab black dress by Ivanka @Norstrom's yest!  Proud to support her and ur family!
Since Ivanka has to push you to do what's right can she just push you aside and become president
I would sleep much better if she was our commander and chief
@POTUS @Nordstrom # CRY me a river you're your precious Ivanka Demise
Evidentally your not listening or she's not giving rigjt advise.
@FrankieRusso1 @Nordstrom We support Ivanka! #BOYCOTTNORDSTROM
Then why are you doing everything wrong. U won, because We did not want the D or R. Dump SB & be the person Ivanka spoke of
what kind of a president complains about this?Wish Hillary was president.We have more things in our country to worry about
. Breaking the law is your MO it seems.  You are going down Chump
I purchased 2 blouses from Ivanka's clothing line. I love the blouses. Proud to wear them.
conway should be fired
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
She has a lot of work to do there!
keep family personal business out white house & American politics daughter' hubby spoon-fed cushy job in cabinet
@POTUS @Nordstrom Ahhhh. Poor little rich girl..Treated so unfair just because no one buys her line of crappy apparel. Waa!
: Is Ivanka your fave child? U didn't tweet in defense for your little boy being made fun of after...
I'll be buying all of my clothes there from now on! :)
mmmm You a Businessman, U know howbusiness works right? U Dump whatisn'tselling!besides it'sMade in China Okay?
you are not a father any more you are Our president so act like a President don't care about your family problem
good
Pay for Play spreads to the insignificant daughter you want to sleep with, go figure!
she must need a bulldozer to push you to do the right thing!!!
DROPPED BY A COMPANY BASED ON SALES DATA..."THAT'S BUSINESS BABY!!!"
You are having a mental breakdown, will you a proud Father when Ivanka suffers the same because of you?
there's a lot a ppl been treated unfairly in the world TRUMP so wake up n grown up
She's wants you to jump into the La Brea Tar Pits?
@POTUS @Nordstrom Get back to work for America and stop your predatory attacks on businesses.
So why don't you!? Do the right thing I mean...?? It's so sad, you don't even listen to those closest to you...
. Their lost Mr. President!!!
I guess it's terrible to expect comrade president to do the right thing on his own.He needs 'pushed'.
That is not as bad as your dad refusing to rent an apartment to a black lady.
malicious intentions to destroy your innocent daughter will backfire and at the end she will have the last laugh
: You Donald Trump treat people very badly yourself.
but her clothes are made on CHINA that's TERRIBLE liars.
Don't worry those bracelets will fly off the shelves after promotion by Melissa McCarthy on SNL.
Read Harry Truman's letter to Hume on Truman's daughter's recital. Harry was going to punch him in the nose.
http://www.teenvogue.com/story/ashley-biden-partners-with-gilt-on-livelihood-clothing-line … Ethical!
Stuff wasn't selling. It got trashed. End of story, Herr Trump.
this is insane.
Ivanka is a beautiful strong women. She's tough enough to handle this garbage.
you should be in prison
WHY ARE YOU USING THE OFFICIAL POTUS ACCOUNT TO TWEET ABOUT YOUR DAUGHTER'S FAILING BUSINESS? LOSER!
@POTUS @Nordstrom who cares!!!
Reverse Trump effect increases Nordstrom market cap by nearly half a billion dollars. #resist #Nordstrom
love her shoes!!!
and how has she been treated badly? By reporting that she has business woes..Really?
if she's such a great business woman she would've fixed the bad sales a long time ago.
Donald there are people dying.
Give it a rest!
sShe is the best Lady ever an should be President when you leave if not after 8
Please Retweet! We reward @IvankaTrump buy #IvankaTrump designer apparel !for girls at fashion malls instead of @Nordstrom
you need to be pushed by your daughter to do the right thing..
Don't you understand about the separation between the president & business?  You are close to breaking the law.
President @realDonaldTrump can call out department stores by name - but not Nazis / KKK / white supremacists.
FAKE NEWS, Mr. Trump. Product lines are dropped if sales do not support revenue. Line sow be dropped.
People don't like Donald. The Trump name is what is causing her sails to drop and retails to drop her.....
Nordstrom will suffer for hurting a wonderful person like Ivanka I say Don't buy @Nirdstrom
