Idiots who never have cared about health care for anyone but themselves.  We should not continue paying for their healthcare.


Your Spot On Boss er I mean Chief
Your Awesome 
try getting anything done,Loser,Never a Winner
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp;...
Please don't lower yourself to respond to idiots (I hope you don't count me in that group).  It makes it worse.  You're a good man!
@Anderson_P212 is a Nigerian Scammer. Can be reached at 
+234 903 912 9184.
Reported to FBI, Twitter, and others that he’s NOT going to like. 
Spread the word. Don’t be scammed. This photo can be located in a reverse image search. Feel bad for the ACTUAL SOLDIER!
Thank you!
Incompetent Rinos! Don't lump good Repubs with them!
Healthcare small business jobs economy
Mitch needs to get his ass in gear or he want be around to give it another shot people in Kentucky fed up with has excuses
You,Sir are fighting the Democrats & the Republicans,Stand Strong You are all alone.Im glad that you are in the White House
Mitch is a "Swamp Creature". Drain every Incumbant Republican next Election.
VOTE GOP NON-INCUMBANT!
DITCH MITCH DUMP RYAN AND TAKE HIS RHINO PALS WITH THEM
Like you said, it's complicated.
#Winning
What are you going to do keep firing people because that is all you have ever known?
Why don't you live up to your pre-election promise and cut US funding to the UN.
Damn good question. What's wrong with the idiots we place in office? Drain the Swamp.. Elect peple that will work for us!
All we can say is they will be replaced if they block the tax overhaul. Americans have waited long enough. Agree w/ u it's nonsense up there
Question, what happened to 'Drain the swamp?' Why are all of the Obama liberals still around? Why have they not changed the rule yet
Jaja
Ryan&McConnell can only work with what ThePeople send2Congress!Yes,McConnell SHOULDabolish filibuster,but still TOO MANY demRATS inCongress!
Not done because #SlimeySchumer GOT-TO ill,infirm McCain & #RinoRATS Collins&Murkowski. WE ALSO NEED YOU TO GO OUT MORE TO THE PEOPLE w/IT!
CONGRESS HAS TO START DOING THEIR JOB!!! THE AMERICAN CITIZENS DEMAND IT
The RINOs never had a bloody plan in the first place! WeThePeople should DEMAND SEVEN YEARS OF CONGRESSIONAL SALARIES BACK!
So Mitch is incapable of getting things done. If I told my boss that I'D BE FIRED!  I'd tell my boss I would meet or exceed expectations.
Mitch sets the bar low expectations as way no to do anything productive for country. TERM LIMITS! We should expect MORE from them.
If he's overwhelmed, incapable, unwilling or lazy, let's REPLACE him with a better qualifications than ole' Mitch.
America wants to REPEAL AND REPLACE YOU
Never had a real management job with goals and deadlines. Only knows how to pay for play. No one would pay him extra to do his f:()in job
Mitch is politician who has been there too long & believes  in paralysis versus action!  POTUS , outsider  businessman 
is results oriented!
Oil industry price gouging AMERICA because of flooding in Texas ! 263.6 million cars × 5 gal a day × ¢30 extra a gal = mega profits
Why is the oil industry allowed to price gouge the nation because of floods in Texas ? Up ¢30 a gal in Al. 263.6 million cars in US do math
Under PACA Sect 1342,  US taxpayers  tasked w/ bailing out health Ins companies frm 2014 to 2017. McConnell, McCain, Ryan, &c get kickbacks.
obamacare has hurt the most young couples /with children high premium payments REPLACE ONLY
During the years the border wall wasn't funded, up to 55,000 illegals PER MONTH were flooding into the US!  INSANITY REIGNS
Because he finally got a heart and did the right thing  for the people
keep doing what you are doing,dont let the bastards drag yah down! doing great and keep it up
Republicans better do their jobs and support TYrump or we will be in trouble. They're typical politicians!!
You don't have excessive expectations because you don't know Jack shit about being a president!
I think you should give congress Obamacare by getting rid of federal benefits in health, retirement.
ABSOLUTELY THE TRUTH!
Hi. Didn't you campaign on it as well?
He's probably getting kickbacks left and right. SWAMP RATS!!!
,...but THIS is SO BAD we DIDN'T EVEN SEE BILL ON SENATE FLOOR during debate (9/9/17; 14:14 EDT) #TRUMPCARE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
,...but THIS is EVEN MORE OF A DISASTER (August 9, 2017; 14:14 EDT) #TRUMPCARE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
no this bill isn't perfect..., (August 9, 2017; 14:14 EDT) #OBAMACARE
you're FULL OF HOT AIR (August 9, 2017; 14:14 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
not just "excessive expectations...," (August 9, 2017; 14:14 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Mitch M lied 2 DT & the American people! He led DT 2 believe he had a bill ready 2 repeal/replace BOcare. We believed him. DT's right 2B mad
Because it is simply a bad idea.
McConell needs to do his job!  These middle of the road republican politicians need to go. Drain the swamp!!!!!
AMEN
Because you do not have the polticial savvy to help him get it done.
Maybe @SenMajLdr has Constipation of the Willpower.  Needs a Congressional Colonic!  GET THAT SHIT MOVING!
'EXCESSIVE Expectations' from @GOP 7 years of promises; should we have waited for 8?  If I had collected a paycheck for 7 years w/o results
Because what was, was best.  Just make it better. This isn't brain science.  MAKE IT ABOUT ISSUES NOT SIDES!
Campaign ads write themselves: "If you liked Obamacare - vote for Mitch McConnell!"
That's exactly correct DJT! With you all the way, sir!! Keep up the good work. Still behind President Trump!
Sorry, Donald. It's on you. Your promise & you're president. You're supposed to lead, or "make a deal." Seems you're capable of neither.
And the one vote disparity had brain damage.
keep throwing him under the bus Failed Donny it will make your impeachment go smoother TrumpCare failed cuz you can't lead
You're a hatefilled man
We don't want your "give the rice a tax cut"
 healtcare.  Use the border money for the health care.
The american people WANT Obama care.   Just fix it.  We have access to healhcare NOW, fix whats broke.  How hard is that
your expectations are not ours -Your'e FIRED!!!!
You are correct Mr President it time to put the pressure on the big talking GOP
Every part of office we have people who are getting rich not running America an open border nightmare for any taxpayer
because he does not want it to be done
Career politicians like zmcConnel, Flake and McCain don't want anything to get done.  See that as career ending.  All politicians should go
Looser
You have been the biggest drain on our economy.  NOT PAID ANY TAXES IN 18 YEARS.   Wow   Shame.   Help the poor
And since the majority voted for Hilliary NONE OF YOUR BILLS WILL GET PASSED
The AMERICAN people don't want it repealed.   WE the people didn't vote for you.  The MAJORITY voted for hilliary
Both you and McConnell should step down from your posts. Lousy job. Not getting anything done.
Guy who says he has best plan when he has no plan.
Because the American PEOPLE want Obamacare. Period. End of fucking subject!
Well done Trump
Because the majority do not want repeal based on what is being offered to Replace! Get a clue! Believe it or not all of you work for us!
Trump your only safe bet is to resign immediately and flee to Russia where the FBI will never get you
Trump you are madder than a mad hatter please go to the nearest psychiatric hospital immediately and get help there are cures available
BC THIS ISNT 2010. Ppl don't feel the same, ideology has shifted & evolved. WANT Obamacare now & I'll admit I didn't then
try sitting down with your staff instead if having campaign rallies to boost your ego
try sitting does with your staff instead if having campaign Rally's to boost your ego
Cuz not all that easy and these guys do a lot of complaining and not a lot of THINKING...
Well, you know, the fish stinks from the head down. It didn't get done because YOU didn't get it done. Despite your campaign promises.
LOVERS QUARREL
You really don't have a clue, do you?
in case you forgot, you are the leader! Seems like it's your incompetence that's on display!
@SenateMajLdr is the #swamp & #DeepState. He's rooted in Govt waay too long. #CORRUPTION. Ky MC Vet @ haven't voted for him in over 20 yrs.
your a fool trump, you insult the house REPUBLICAN 
Leader M. McConnell he's someone you should be looking to not shunning
He is right. You nor only have excessive expectation but you are down right nuts.
Sir, please delete your account.
....RIGHT!!!
NOT FAKE NEWS, we have a Republican Preaident who cant get along w/anyone in his party long enough to pass any legislation.
Dude there wasn't 7 yrs of repeal and replace, Obama had no intention of ending it, why would he?  Are u really that stupid?
B
I love you bro dont let anybody tell u ur a bad person. Your amazing in my eyes Mr.Trump
Not excessive expectations but leadership expectations!  Get the damn job done Mr McConnell.
Fact is Sen. Mitch McConnell lied through teeth to People of Kentucky to get re-elected. They should #RECALLMCCONNELL
Exactly! They shouldn't be on vacation!
Sen McConnell has NO EXPECTATIONS for #MAGA! Too long in Congress-NOT for WE PEOPLE! Kentucky RETIRE him@seanhannity @GOP NO GUTS-NO GLORY
McConnell is a swamp rat. Get rid of him with the rest of the Rats like Schumer, Pelosi. Ryan, McCain, Rubio, Warren ect
McCain's vote should be removed. One should not make such decisions without a healty brain..Put him on leave now.
Exactly.
Because you're REPUBLICAN henchmen suck as much as your leadership.
29 Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars darken
kuji
@Origina7Man
Exactly,as CAPTAIN of your ship Mr. Trump,YOU should be taking responsibility for your team's failure. Your leadership failed-pure & simple.
The Republican Party has become like a Dinosaur. It needs to be invigorated with some young blood
What a joke. Blaming everyone but yourself. We hate you. Truly truly hate you.
He and several other rino's are the reason we need term limits.
exactly
He's gotta go
Mitch is a "bought" politician. We are with you in holding him accountable!!
Mr. President, get this healthcare bill done.  My mother needs your help.
Stop passing the blame!
yes... ha ha ha!!!
Probably because you had excessive expectations
Keep enemies close, do everything to keep you from being productive.  This wk white supremacist next week White Russian supremacist
Mitch needs to retire. Congressional TERM LIMITS.
I'm with you @realDonaldTrump
GETTING RID OF BANNON BIG MISTAKE,  FOLLOW KUSHER RIGHT DOWN THE TUBES AND SOROS WILL LAUGH ALL THE WAY KNOWING HIS PROTEGE TOOK YOU DOWN
#President Trump, you are dealing with a bunch of lazy idiots in congress!  Hope u can Make America Great with those folks in DC
Senator McCain, Rand Paul, Lindsey Graham. Party obstructionist.
We the Americans the true Americans are behind you Donald Trump Mr. President  you are what this country needs. I wish fake news would stop.
They are a bunch of lip flappers 
It's just like the FAKE PRESIDENT the USA has
Mr. President, Government must never force its citizens to buy health-care. People can and will take care of themselves w/o Gov control.
trump pilot pesawat bnyk di kota surabaya ada branco dn istrinya inggris tidur dihotel november damcoz
Why not done?  Because the people don't "want it done"!  After 7 years you'd think your party would have figured that out.
Make Democrats get the same coverage.
Be Careful. Your not in a position to speak of House speaker as yo do.
I need trump bumper sticker for my friends and myself
Leave it alone.  Let the kinks get worked out.  These things take time.
#opFreedomRepossession
Listen:
Mitch is weak
They need to repeal and replace. Wasted so much time and energy already!
because responsible people don't want it!  Stupid
Political slogans easy; fixing problems hard.
fixing mistakes the Politicians created only seems hard when the established politicians are involved.
it seems the established Politicians don't want to upset the apple cart and tee-off their Corporate masters.
Hes a rhino who goes along to get along as long as the money flows just like any other prostitute
President Trump, keep pressure on them to do their jobs!! If not, fire them!!
Congress thinks its a good idea to not pass laws they campaigned on but they might find its a career ending mistake.
Because everyone was relaxing! Spend summer up to elbows in numbers health issues Med dictionary dueling partner #ItIsHard #WillBWorthIt 
You r correct
They cant do anything because they all have their heads up their repective ass and think their plan is better than the other guy.
You are bad at this. Saaaaaad.
7 years of hearing yourself say that! 
Where were all of you who keep attacks on President Trump,when bill obama Hillary was Destroying America I remember youbacked them so stop
President Trump McConnell may have to go. I like your first statement on the riot & then u were attacked by fake news and you did great 
Duh. What part of "their ideas suck" don't you understand??? Oh wait... all of it. SAD!!!!!
I will have to take a 5 week recess to contemplate.

Agreed
I have expectations that you will #resign
FUCK MITCH
