RT @realDonaldTrump Graham-Cassidy is NOT #FullRepeal or REPEAL at all. It's #ACA & #Congress selling us out to the Big Healthcare Insur Cos
No it's not but we need to start somewhere and giving power back to states and eliminating fines for businesses and individuals is a start
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence Graham-Cassidy still DISCRIMINATES AGAINST PEOPLE with PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS by CHARGING THEM MORE. #USA
No it doesn't. Listened to Graham on radio. He said it does cover Pre existing conditions.
He lied to you, and Jimmy Kimmel, & the USA. Truth
 & Fact: it allows too high premiums for pre-exists. Can't buy when ill, kills people.
Have you actually read it??
I thought not! If you had, you'd know that it sucks!
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @tedcruz @RandPaul Graham-Cassidy is & will be a colossal FAILURE just like #Obamacare . #USA #FullRepeal .
If Graham/Cassidy costs tax money,it isn't a repeal. Feds keep your hands off my healthcare !
Feds have no business in healthcare. We have no right to health care per Constitution. This eliminates fines to business & individuals.
It doesn't go far enough.Why does the fed have to tax us &return the money to the states as the feds see fit.What could go wrong? LOL
1)repeal ACA. 2)prohibit prex denial/include Medicaid subsidy for prex so affordable. 3)free market. 4)no rate hikes for previous uninsured.
And while we're at it let's start the trend of portability!Ins should NOT be tied to a job!Wages would rise if ins was not a purported "ben"
Graham-cassidy is NOT a fix it is a disaster no one should vote for it.
It's funny you think you have friends, and that you think anyone is a more negative force than you. #MuellerTime is GREAT! Ends NoCare!
Samantha Powers, Susan Rices, Loretta Lynch's, & Lois Lerners! The left should be totally embarrassed!
Those people should be in Jail!!!! @CNN
@POTUS My suggestion: Pick better friends!
A lot of peeps like his concierge plans, maybe they should be considered.
You are very wrong about Rand Paul on this issue. Senator Paul is correct and you should not bash him, but listen to what he says.
It's "great" even though it screws over pregnant women? I thought your new-found Christianity supposedly means that you care about preggos?
If you want people to think youre great, do single payer. Not this BS.
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.) KY his 2nd choice!
People are tiring of your endless shell game. Art of the CON deal. A disgrace to the office. Come on Mueller!
Amen!!!!!
I just can't anymore. Constant attacks of people that get under your skin do nothing but prove you are NOT a man...you're a petulant child!
America the land of morons
It also ends Medicaid, maternal care, and preexisting condition coverage for millions. You promised "great healthcare for all". Where is it?
Are you sure he's a real friend? Appears the only real friends you have are not in DC. Great speech yesterday...I am proud of my POTUS!
Did you watch @jimmykimmel last night, Mr. President? (I think he disagrees with you, vehemently.)
Weak and afraid POTUS.  Thinks twitter is action.  #pathetic
It is not GREAT!! It is the worst bill yet. You'll endorse anything you think will help erase a great presidents legacy. You're deplorable
you haven't read the bill.
GOD I THOUGHT HE SAID @RuPaul 
Do you know what the bill says?
Anything is great to you that undoes what Obama has done. SAD!!!
The bill could say we are going to euthanize anyone over the age of 80 and you would still say it's great because it undoes Obamacare



Oh look.  Trump's dildo.
REPEAL
What exactly is great about it?! Did you even glance at the summary?
What exactly about it is a "good first step."
None of that has to do with ensuring that people are able to get the treatment that they need.
Everyone agrees with your chief of staff...

rand paul say he's not a friend of his...friends treat others with dignity and respect...
It's the same & WORSE than the other failed attempts...just w/a different name. LOSER FAKE POTUS can not read. Call 202-224-2131 & object!
no surprise you want to take my child's health care away..you took it away from your own Nephew.
Just exactly what is the plan to fix it?  You don't have one you just don't want Obama to have credit for providing healthcare to millions.
This tweet shows your true intentions: undo  an Obama accomplishment and not care about how it affects all Americans.
This tweet shows your true ignorance. Obamacare is not an accomplishment. It negatively affects more Americans than it helps.
People like vicky just want to see underprivileged get "free" stuff. It doesn't care if hard working people can't afford it.
No. I want a country of healthy, educated people where 99% don't shoulder the burden of 1%.
Translation: I'm a socialist.
I assume you don't believe in hurricane relief either then? Since that's a socialist program.
Try taking a course about our constitution and what it means to be a Democratic Republic. Government has a limited function.
Suppose to work for the people, ACA is fine, but congress and senate only looking out for themselves, States will go broke or use as want
Obamacare is a big elephant the only way to collapse it is one bite at a time.GrahamCassidy bill is a start to end Obamacare#GrahamCassidy
If @RandPaul  says it sux, then IT SUX! We TRUST him POTUS. He knows the pork being shoved in these bills! Trust him.
Can the Kentucky Governor have a positive influence on Senator Rand Paul?
IT's awful. It also ends healthcare for millions! Raises costs on the elderly! Who does that?
You don't know shit about Graham Cassidy.
He doesn't know shit PERIOD.
Troll, take that pic down
Great, more like mediocre
Typical Politics at it's finest....
(202) 224-2131 is the no. to call today to tell your senator to stop #GrahamCassidy
#GrahamCassidy is a scam.  It's going to take health care from millions, including the middle class!
America knows that GOP HealthCare is a fraud, just like we know you are a fraud
Make America Great Again!  BRING BACK @BarackObama
Trump + Republican attack on health care

Sen Barasso:  “There shouldn’t be!” 
protected essential health benefits
RT @realDonaldTrump The #Swamp is involved in a massive corruption/criminal coverup with the #Congress-Health Insur. Cos. Cartel. #USA #ACA
RT @realDonaldTrump  #Americans & #WeThePeople want the Criminal/Corrupt #Congress-Big Healthcare Insur. Cos. Cartel shut down now. #USA
Oh please...your just making crap up...typical lib
Why is that MAGA idiots have so much trouble with your vs you're??? It's like an epidemic!
Is that all it's about to you? Ending ObamaCare? 

The Graham Cassidy Bill disadvantages those who need healthcare the most!
No! Not just about that. He's about shitting on Obama's legacy. He can't stand the idea of a black man achieving more than he ever will.
I have to agree. Obama achieved more to destroy the sovernty of this nation than all previous presidents combined.
Boo  wrong
He betayed America when he went  behind closed doors with the Russians Boo 
False. You don't honestly think Trump is being investigated b/c of "fake  news," do you? Yeah, not so much. Indictments & charges are likely
Sorry but it's true lm sad that I have to say that about Trump   !
love you, BUT federal government has NO BUSINESS in health care
Nobody likes you. Not your cabinet picks, your VP, not the military, not Melania, not even Barron. We all hate you Mrs Putin!
He has been a thorn in the rose bush.An ex doctor, thinks he knows good healthcare?
I want a brief talk with a smart President of the US on a peaceful solution on N Korea's ICBM
Listen to Rand, sir.  You will win big in the end.  #MAGA!  #lovemyPOTUS because @POTUS does listen.
Because EVERYTHING about YOU is a negative force # idiotinchief #liarinchief #worstprezever
some kind of friend you are.
Rand PAUL knows that your healthcare plan is crap!!
Hi sir
My thoughts on Trump is he's always been a loud mouth and heartless. America wanted him they got him.
Senator Paul is right on this one. NO BIG INSURANCE BIG GOVERNMENT. NO BERNIE FREE STUFF. We need to pay down our debt!
YES! to that Executive Order today.
Trump You hate Obama. It has nothing to do with what will Help American People. U only think of the rich who had used poor to get rich
You don't care what the bill does as long as it repeals Obamacare. You are nothing but a petty little man. #loser
#WorstPresidentEver
FAILED!
Vote Rand Paul out people. We don’t need negative Republicans in the White House. Susan Collins as well.
Not a clue.  Did u read the bill. It was not on TV
No you're the one that is going to cost senior citizens and other American citizens and who knows who else's health care. Look out!
Bot
Yep. When u don't agree w/ someone, call them names. Stay classy!
You mean like Trump did during his whole campaign?
Based off this tweet you obviously didn't listen to one word Trump said during his campaign, thus, you can shut up now 
MUH WALL! MUH TRUMP! You all got conned by lyin Donnie! Ahahahahahahahah
America elected Trump bc we absolutely hate HRC- & that was the biggest victory of all.  #Winning
Trump can't get ANYTHING done. He's a joke. The whole world is laughing at his weakness. Worst ratings of a POTUS ever! LMFAO
You have too many LIBERALS in the WH team!
How do u know? Did you read it?
#liar #liar!!!!! 
You are a negative force for all of us real Americans stand for.  Loser.
No it doesn't.
I respect Senator Paul! I just hope we can pass this!
I don't think any of us deplorables trust Graham and see this as posturing to save his seat
If Rand has half a brain he will not support the shit sandwich the GOP have put together
#RandPaul2024
Sweet
You are the negative force you putz
Rand Paul for POTUS!!! Down with Trump!! Down with the dictator! Down with racist dogma. #ImpeachTrump
This is about fixing a burden Dems dropped on us..& making it more affordable..Not an easy task..Because no group will fully agree w/ repeal
I know u the Yoda master right? Zen loving yoga master
GO RAND PAUL.
I understand why Cassidy supports you. He is a gastroenterologist so used to working with assholes. #impeach
I stand with Rand!!!
Explain one thing that makes this bill "great". You can't can you? PS. the black guy before you was better and smarter then you.
@RandPaul has valid points: allow ins to be sold across state lines, allow group policies for individuals. Why not do it all?
Everything and everyone is "negative" when they don't want what you want. Loser.
No
#standwithrand! @RandPaul
Anyone who opposes screwing people over healthcare has some good in them. I bet you don't even understand it at all
Let's fix the ACA instead of getting hung up on repeL to shame Obama. You're weak
Have you been fucked the special counsel yet today? If no, he's lubing up the strap on. If yes, he's getting more lube.
All it does is end Ocare...   you don't give a fuck what it does to people.   At least you can say you passed legislation.
This jackass just said the only reason he thinks this is good is because it ends "Ocare". Nothing else to highlight, genius?!
And kills millions of people. Sad!
Graham-Cassidy allows insurers to NOT cover:
-Pregnancy
-Newborn care
-Mental health services
-Prescription drugs
-Rehab
-Birth control

Typical fucking "conservative" bullshit. "oh abortion is terrible, but fuck them when they're born, No healthcare for those kids"
Does it get Gov out of deciding what policies contain(this allows for artificial pricing because prices are set for services not needed 1/
Nutcase in charge
Healthcare is so unaffordable that one needs ins to be able to pay for it. We have to see why healthcare is so unaffordable in the 1st place
And you're such a negative force to fixing America. Resign!
Soon Mr. President they will all be on your side. Keep letting them know Sir, that you don't back down. We don't back down . #1POTUS
Trump is a twidiot.
Get government out of health care.
I would rather see your term end with impeachment.
Graham-Cassidy will destroy Medicaid!  The disabled and poor will suffer because of it!
Listen every 4 years Democrats come up with an issue for insurance and Medicaid it's ridiculous
Ending anything President @BarackObama did is ur motivation. Oh & figuring out how much $ u can make. Oh & how to please ur master Putin
Premium increases between $3,000 and $11,000
Good for Rand Paul !!!! 
on families to cover for special circumstances, like Autism, Cancer, pre-existing conditions, etc.)
So what you're saying is you don't even have loyalty to your friends but everyone should be loyal to you?
U cant even name 5 things that u like in the bill. Go ahead i dare u. Don't worry I'll wait @HuffPost @politico @RealClearNews @CBSNews
You need to listen to folks like @SenRandPaul and @RepJustinAmash more and @LindseyGrahamSC  less.
You're too nice, For us as people, Rand Paul is nothing but a enemy.
Rand Paul is a principled small government conservative. Trump's an east coast Democrat that will sign anything that lands on his desk.
You know so little, I bet you supported Hillary & Obama was you biggest fan.  Unmasking Is Criminal.
Put your health where your mouth is and commit to using only that plan for rest of your life without ever paying extra to get better service
Way to go, this is the classic friendship.
Nah not let insurance prices gouge us and buy it as a group which will be cheaper
#IMPEACH #JAIL TRUMP
That's how you #MAGA
Great = end Ocare?! Deplorable political egos trashing healthcare for most vulnerable.
But @RandPaul is right...
We your base do not want a replacement for Obamacare. We want a full repeal. We do not want or need insurance companies.
If you say it's great, it's not. #liarinchief
Dotard
@RandPaul to Trump: 'I won't be bribed or bullied' into supporting Graham-Cassidy bill
Absolutely untrue. It keeps the dollars going to the GOP whilst removing responsibility from congress for election season!
Disgusting piece of legislation.  Screw autocorrect
Rand Paul is probably the person you should go with.
If you vote to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score, never call yourself conservative again. You are a dangerous radical.
Kills people. Cuts coverage. Pick a position conservatives. You've given us the ground on Healthcare. Pick something else.
Rand Paul is a doctor. You're a TV personality who fires people. Who should we listen to regarding healthcare? #ShitTheBed #inept
We don't buy your lies, Sir....
yeah, 2 psychos dont make a right,,,EVER
Why do you think Rand Paul is a friend of yours? Do you hang out together?
Seriously, was it the correspondence dinner roast that started the vendetta?
@RandPaul is right though, we need a complete repeal. Get government out of healthcare. Health insurance is a perk not a right.
...You may think that, until YOU or any one of your loved ones gets Cancer. No-one is exempt from getting Cancer. THEN you think differently
You are assuming the govt gives you the treatment you need. You don’t think they could deny a claim or limit to the care you can get?
When people lose their humanity, they cease to be human. The "right" for healthcare is a fundamental human right. Anything else is barbaric.
No. Thinking you have a right to someone else’s services is lunacy. My sink doesn’t work, can I force a plumber to fix it without paying?
No-one said anything about not paying. Your thinking is so narrow. Models from other countries work so much better in terms of HC for all.
Its more important to spend BILLIONS to build a wall we don't need, or increase military $$$, than to provide health insurance to Americans.
ends it?  REALLY?  I hope.
Cunt.
#GrahamCassidy will bankrupt & kill people. What's so great about that? Ending ACA & fixing healthcare not synonyms. You're destroying USA!
It'll fail. It's no better than your previous bills that failed I'm sure
You have to be brain dead to think this bill Graham-Cassidy is great.....what about all the people it will hurt...you have no common sense
Read the bill!
Your a liar you called him down to the ground during the election...
What a single session agenda item Repeal OBAMACARE take #141, Republicans are about killing America,  2018 Republican agenda see above
Talk to Senator from WVa-Dhe is not afraid of his jobthey can't scary himHC he may go forsend back to States good idea long termthank U
Stop obsessing about removing Obama's name and do something FOR OUR POPULATION instead of for your ego.
Spring has finally arrived, now let's not waste our time UTAUing, get out of your filthy shelter and embrace the beautiful seaso
You never read the bill. You don't really care what's in it as long as you can say you met a campaign promise. You are a conman.
What ends you, Bloatus? Many really smart ppl saying the lies & illegal Finance dealings w/ criminals. Bad dealings Donnie = Impeachment!
The manlet has never recovered from the epic stumping of the primaries.
Rand was in my town campaigning 4 senate last yr & was still whining about DJT. I sort of like him in a way but hate him at the same time 
Sounds about right...don't like him.  In fact, I think his job is to be a fly in the ointment to keep status quo. #controlledopposition
He may be. I agree with Rand's ideas and rhetoric a lot of times but he's too rigid. His demeanor is also off-putting.
You'er  a damn fool Mr President, you lost your friends when you 180ed...You've joined the Ranks of Hillary Netanyahu Blair & McCain....Pity
If you focused more on putting together a good bill and less on ending "Ocare" (which normal humans call the ACA) that'd be great.
You know NOTHING about healthcare, and you don't reference anyone one who does. That makes your rating of the bill meaningless.
Your job is to secure affordable, accessible healthcare, not to wipe out Obama's legacy. Get to work.
So since has Obama name, who you hate, you are going to hurt millions.
It's great because it ends ACA? Shouldn't a healthcare bill be considered great when it makes healthcare better for the ppl? Ill intentions
“Ends Ocare for all those poor people that don’t deserve to have affordable healthcare!” Is how that sentence read outside the 160 limit.
Kudos to Rand Paul!
More #CyberBullying Please act like a grown man and not a obese, spoiled rich bully.
No, he wants to do things the right way.  You have friends?
Don't you need his vote? LOL... Keep it up.
Rand Paul is the most loving and positive force for improving healthcare--he advocates lowering rates and saving money!
G-C is dead dead dead dead dead. Wanna know why?  It was the exact opposite of great. Do you even really know what's in it?

Trumpcare has come back and actually has a chance of passing. Worst of all, it would kick 30 million off coverage. http://ow.ly/5ngj30fhHfm 
It's called ACA, Obamacare is just the nickname. Now it will be DPA (death panel act) or as a nickname Trumpdoesn'tcare
Ends healthcare for millions. Increases rates for millions more. Tell it all.
