Oh, sweetie. A miracle would be God turning the gunman's bullets to daisies or food to feed the masses. At best it was an average response.

Does it mean nice tits?
I am outta here  .
You get your own!! Oh what the hell here
Actually, all the gun smoke in the room set off the detector. And nobody stopped him, he killed himself. How does a President not know this?
But he was dead when they arrived was he not? How did they stop him?
Please stop using quotation marks incorrectly. More importantly, stop responding to tragedies with the sentiment of "it could've been worse"

Fire all the Crooked FBI and start fresh, they are covering for shooters still on the loose !!!!
Either this or another false flag ... js.. there is no other explanation... where was the triage?! Never saw one setup
It’s more of a miracle you let people buy guns tbh but oh well until the next time
So... if an armed robber breaks into my house... instead of protecting myself with  a gun I should do what? Cry? Throw a pillow at them?
Shall every person in the world keep a gun? That is the solution yeah? Sad that so many in US think like this and the cycle of death continu
Iraq War Vet Gave Exact Location of Vegas Shooter—Says Police Took Over an Hour to Respond

Oh and look at the Luxor Hotel in all of it's glory. That has NWO written all over it with the symbolism. Pyramid and Lion.  NWO people suck
I took note of that right away!
So obvious.  Ty for the tweet too.
Your word choice could not be worse. Also he killed himself before they found him.
I can't believe he sounds like a non-feeling idiot. Sounds... awfully out of character
Don't you mean  home grown "Terrorist."
I want a fucking receipt for my all of my votes from now on. If I can get one every time I order a hamburger, I can get one 4 every vote.
Notice the quote marks around the word.
LOL.  All of them you mean?
The MIRACLE was a man named Jesus Campos, an unarmed #Latino and #Union member. #LasVegasShootings #LasVegasShooting #JesusCampos
This ladies death has been blacked out by the dishonest media for some reason. God Bless Her Family  #KymberleySuchomel #VegasStrong
Why is miracle in quotes? Are you implying something. If so be direct or stop.
It's because he doesn't know proper grammar
#JesusCampos. Learn it. Remember it. And damn sure recognize it. #HERO #VegasStrong
Please recognize the unarmed hotel security guard that found the shooter and got shot in the leg for it! Thank you, I AM WITH YOU!
How many crates of oranges did Trump promise you? Five is my guess, and they all are rotten.
The word you're looking for is 'terrorist', not 'demented shooter'. 
Your stance on gun laws, climate change and citizen welfare is demented
What exactly is wrong with his view on gun laws? I would love to know.
America has to start clamping down on freely issuing licences. Look at the amount of mass killings. You cannot tell me it's okay.
72 minutes is any awful long time, compared Miami PD which responded to my call in 3 minutes & had the block surrounded! An hour is too long
So you're saying it's not a miracle? Or it's a miracle bcz the PD are inept? Or you just don't understand quotation marks around a word?
It's a "miracle" that you're still president jeeeeeeez
LEARN HOW TO USE QUOTATION MARKS CORRECTLY OR STOP USING THEM YOU #DOTARD! WE SHOULD IMPEACH YOU FOR CRIMES AGAINST GRAMMAR IF NOTHING ELSE!
the "miracle" is that an American can legally buy an arsenal heavy enough to kill 59 other Americans in 9 minutes.
The "president" doesn't know how to use quotation marks properly #trumpisamoron
#jesuscampos.  You won't say his name. But we will. Jesus Campos, hero. security guard. Hispanic. That's what "A very fine person" is.
It would be a "miracle" if Congress could say no to NRA $$. It would be a "miracle" if one person could not purchase more than 40 firearms.
Vegas shooting was illuminati blood sacrifice. No video of old man taking 500 lbs up to room, no shell casings on floor etc: Charade*
You are the "demented" one.  You are the "Fake News."  You are the one allowing "more killing."
It would be more "miraculous" if we could have "laws" that prevent "people" from getting "weapons" like this, Mr. "President".
,
   A hotel employee was the first to locate him.
How about some real gun control now, so next time we don’t have to pray for another “miracle”?
Jesus (hay-zues) Campos is name of the unarmed security guard who confronted the shooter. You shld invite him to the WH. Give him a medal.
The miracle has a name: #JesusCampos - a private security guard at the hotel who helped after being shot.
سلام ترامپ
I think I'm going to vomit
A greater miracle would be the WH staff apprehending our demented POTUS and hauling his ugly ass out of the Oval Office in a straightjacket!
He was located by hotel security
Thanks to Jesus Campos, a goddamned American hero!
It was no miracle. It was the result of training and planning by professionals. Your “miracle” claim demeans those who acted.
The “miracle” is that our leaders offer no action to solve the gun violence epidemic in this country. Price of freedom my ass.
You and your fake news BS... know the facts, the shooter died from self inflicted wounds.... in other words he committed suicide!
Jesus Campo...learn that name
Learn to use quotes, Mr. "President".

#fuckingmoron
I would say this was more of a “miracle” tbh 
The police didn't stop him, idiot. He blew his brains out.
STILL WAITING ON YOU TO ACKNOWLEDGE THE FOUR US SOLDIERS KILLED IN AFRICA!
He's such an embarrassment.
What's w/you & friggin exclamation points? You talk about death, war, shootings, etc & always end with the excited exclamation point. Sick
A miracle is that you became president, a miracle that turned tragedy, a miracle is that you're still in office when you bitch about...
To help the victims of the shootings, the eartquakes, the hurricanes and storms, what you are calling a "miracle" is people having a heart
Deranged for killing 58 people and injuring over 500 more What does that make you for threatening to wipe out an entire country continuously
Burn! 
Yeah dude. Pretty sure he is.
How the fuck are you the leader of the free world?
If only USA could receive the "miracle" of a Donald Trump heart attack causing a 20 yr vegetative existence?..oh thas right there's no god
If, like other civilised countries in the world, you had tighter gun control no lives would have been lost. On your own heads be it.
You're a dumb piece of shit.
Have you actually heard yourself you total wankpuffin? Nobody stopped him. He shot himself with one of 42 guns your laws allowed him to buy!
Very proud of Las Vegas metropolitan police
No, a miracle would be he had a heart attack right before the first shot. This was no miracle. It was an oversight he failed to consider.
perhaps a demented president?
@jays_0 @delaneeymunden
But he killed himself...
Except, that the Police did not stop him. More fake news from a Russian puppet playing POTUS. #TrumpIsAMoron
#JesusCampos an unarmed security guard located the shooter #factsmatter
It's a miracle you're still "President". #NationalEmbarrassment
Too bad your administration made it possible for this #demented person tobget all those weapons.. #YOUAREATERRORIST
Not Trump's administration! Gun laws were before his time. Trump #1
Set the cup down and turn faux news off... #GuzzlingTheKoolade
I think you are mistaken. Trump is making our country the greatest in the world. If you don't like it ... Move on!
I wonder if your crack addiction will be covered under Trumplestilskin medical coverage. . Oh wait it's a pre exsisting condition
You are crazy. Mental is covered under Obama care  to cover all his followers. Pay your own way!
Crackheads anonymous is looking for you
No crackhead! Just a hard working patriotic American wanting our country to be # 1 again. We are winning!  
God Bless America, keep her people strong with faith. Protect President Trump, shine light around those that support good for our country.
For fucks sake Don. Will you think before you send shit like this? A few people still don't realize what a gobshite you are. Laters, FC.
Why he say "miracle"
Would be a fantastic time to look at gun control laws in the country you are President of. That would mean having to go against the NRA.....
It is not
Even though the shooter didn’t start shooting til 6 minutes after he shot a guard who radioed the floor and room number of this evil man...
he committed suicide before he was found....
In ten minutes the man killed 58 and wounded over 500. We need sensible gun laws, not bullshit.

#news #humor @POTUS #liar #crook #taxcheat
Why is miracle in quotes? Is the wink implied?
He knows a hell of a lot more about this than what he's saying. That's what it says to me.
They  did a great job.they risked live fire to do their job.
Praying for you from Far East in Jesus name.
Trump empathizes with the police. They did their best but must feel like failures- so he wants them to see the yuge difference they made.
Aided, as I understand it, by a military veteran.
I think he is trying to imply it was unusual that they located the shooter so quickly... he probably saw the conspiracy videos....
Reported shots being fired from middle of Building, a floor on low level & gun fire from top I saw Gunfire what would be the over hang area
PRESIDENT TRUMP, please pay our police more money! They work so hard for little money. 
They all need your help to make this happen.
I don’t think you know how quotations work...
Yeah ain't that a coincidence
We seem to over look the real hero which was the security Gaurd who discovered which room the shooter was in and was able to direct the poli
Taking away news media from puerto rico was smart move
Wasn't he dead by then? I mean, I'm glad he was found but dead people aren't that fast.
He killed 59 people, injured over 500 and killed himself before the police got to him. The worst shooting in American history?
After he was dead!
Would it have been a miracle if he had killed fewer people?
My deepest condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in Las Vegas
A miracle....oh boy you really  R. CRAZY
Ugh. Baffoon. 500 injured. 60 dead. It's a miracle you're POTUS.
Miracle was latino bodyguard who found this terrorist
It was, now lets reward them with real gun control!!
Nevermind that he offed himself before they even got to him... Why is the word miracle in quotes?
The Las Vegas shooting was not in any way a miracle. Learn a new word: tragedy. The shooter committed suicide; he wasn't killed by police. The realy tragedy was he was allowed to buy 42 weapons & countless rounds of ammo in the first place.
Trump for treason
Mr trump there are more than 50 dead. Where is miracle?
Yeah !! It is easy when it is an #insidejob
They didn’t dickhead.
I think the word you are looking for is terrorist and not "Demented shooter"
*terrorist
He killed himself before they even got they're you just tweeting to tweet huh? @bitchassnigga
59 ppl Died in the shooting , it’s really a “ Miracle “ in US history
I know, right? The death toll could have been over 60 and that would've been a 'real bad disaster'... not as bad as Katrina tho...
A good time for Repubs to give some on guns and Dems to give some on abortion. Two sacred cows that need trimmed. Negotiate to save lives.
They found him because the smoke alarms went off 
Not demented. Stop trying to create empathy for a killer terrorist. You would NEVER call a POC shooter demented.
Do you know how quotation marks work?
It was #JesusCampos who figured out which room the shooter was in, made his way to the room & alerted the police. He was shot in the leg
Saying that it was miraculous that he was stopped before killing more people is disrepectful to those killed or injured. #guncontrol
he actually killed himself
But... he killed himself...
Your missing the point, if your kids were there how would you feel.
Bet your Dad is really proud of you, NOT
Shooter or terrorist ? oh wait, let me check his skin colour. Its white ok shooter then!
That "miracle" has a name. Jesus Campos #JesusCampos #HERO
Founding Fathers' 'right to bear arms' (muskets?) was for defense against British Crown & Native Americans (Indians) not AK47 & Uzi users
Thought he killed himself??? 
Are you being "sarcastic"?
HE COMMITTED SUICIDE!
for s/o that watches news instead of working you sure lack any knowledge of any-effing-thing! Get off Twitter & learn!
dude get your facts straight
Paddock was not stopped by police! After about 11 minutes of shooting and killimg he shot a guard and then himself..
Cops did not stop him.

It's a dubious "miracle" that, after 48 hrs of wall-to-wall news coverage, this f*cking MORON doesn't know the shooter killed himself. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/915371086249971712 …
Well since the smoke detectors in the room sounded the alarm, didn't really require a "miracle" to find him.Is a miracle you're still POTUS.
Demented terrorist*
You know he killed himself before the cops got to him?
Over an hour is a miracle?!!! Wtf! Don’t you ever pay attention??!
Why are you .... Never mind ! I bet we all ask that same question everyday we wake up
You mean the terrorist. The white terrorist.
Your use of quotations... It's like your mocking man!  Anyway, the real issue is how he was able to aquire 40+ guns?! Address THAT.
They 'found' him dead!
It's also a miracle that YOU ARE STILL ALLOWED IN OUR WH!!!???
YOU mean the Mexican non armed security guard who got shot in the leg who was able to call it in where shooter was?
Miracle #jesuscampos
Americans! can there be a more dumb guy more than your President?
Rex was right.
It seems that, among his other weaknesses, @POTUS doesn’t have any idea of how to use quotation marks correctly, this is but one example.

Didn't a security guard find him?
What?!?! The man killed himself actually. He got into his room with TEN suitcases without them being searched!! RIDICULOUS!! Just step down!
Only they didn't.  He killed himself before they got to him. Keep up.
He killed himself before the police got to him. No offense to the police. I think you missed your security briefing...again.
He killed himself actually.
JESUS CAMPOS. HE found the shooter. He helped the police. I dare you to say his name. He’s a real American. Not a FAKE American like you.

Salute the great people's police
Only "miracle" that night was that more of those 500 injured people weren't killed. Odds are,  #LasVegasShooter  was more sane than you
Yet you have a go about British terror attacks - and this was one, he induced terror - yet our forces were on the scene in 8 minutes.
You think you are the best but I think saddhaam Hussain is the best
You mean an hour? And that he killed himself? Ok cool
