Mostly True.
Why would Trump sanctions Russia? Is he admitting the Russians put him in office, with his stupid ass! Bulshit has reached an all-time high!
NK,U.S., AND EVERYWHERE ELSE!
ONE WORLD CURRENCY! 
REMEMBER!
Ok...who grabbed his phone. tRump cannot type 4 syllable words, & probably has no idea what this even means! Reminder: #TrumpRussia #resist
Bullshit. Trump is one smart dude.       :-)
#NickkiHaley  AWESOME @POTUS She puts your  message out there loud & clear Fearless 
.@nikkihaley on new UN sanctions on North Korea: "It's time for North Korea to realize, we're not playing anymore." #SundayFutures 
A South Carolina bad ass woman. I like it!
There is no need to continue funding $300 million to Pakistan
I can't even get help from our gov or any charity so far for a lousy 2k car but they give 300 mil to a foreign country. Makes me sick!
I looked up a few sites. You said you're in FL. Saw statements from vets on other sites that state DAV is best. ?
Thank you for your effort and kindness I will check it out tomorrow and let you know. I'm working on go fund me also .
John 14:27
Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you, not as the world gives peace So let your hearts not be troubled do not be afraid.
Dear Mr President, we know this & appreciate that. We Koreans are strongly trusting your leadership too.
Won't work though and you know it.  Come on.  Lol.  Big circle-jerk just like everything else in our history of Politics.
We don't waste millions of tax dollars per day with our military on the peninsula, without reason  Let's get real here.
OF course the fat twerp will have more then enough to feed his fat face! While his people starve to death!

Donald, you should really watch Pearl Harbour again. The People in NK are happy just like those in japan before you pushed them into a war.
Nk its time is running out. There is moment our USARMED FORCES finished them now.
Sanctions are a snooze. Here's the proper US military response...
#AmericaFirst 
Better  than giving terrorist state Iran over $150 billion. We're on the right track. Finally!
Hon'ble Prez f USA, why don't u similarly act agnst Pakistan who s sending is terrorists accross our LOC n killing our soldiers/ppl ?
While you're giving away public land to corporate coal. China wins.
Fix North Korea now, or fix it later when they are stronger bolder and deadlier
Running out of fascists liberal Activist to block on here. So I will just leave this here. Don't nobody take it, it's mine.
تاصبح می میری ،در کاخت گردنت را خواهیم زد
No thanks to you!!! The adults know how to resolve the situation, unlike the child in chief!
Hell with what Bill Clinton them American tax dollars probably paid for him to reach his goal of nukes
I think Bill Clinton gave them more than that at when they promise not to go forward plus an energy grid and other things Water Reactor
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
Just challenge Little Kim to a PPV wrestling match. You'll raise a lot of money and avoid a nuclear war. #MAGA #fireandfury
Hopefully all Nations that agreed to it will help enforce it. Big win @realDonaldTrump
Do it to them, before they do it to us. They have no intention of stopping this nucleair war.@realDonaldTrump
What's with the "..fire and fury.." bragging?   Your childish muttering is unprofessional, immature and not the sign of a strong leader.
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
Fire and fury ,you sound like my Chihuahua barking at my pitbull , haha I can't stop laughing what a joke
The world knows America nows has a real President, one who loves his nation @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp
Yeah and if they would have done this 8 years ago would not be in such a mess. But we got Mr Clean now!
you are THE boss @POTUS we support you 100%
You're forgetting NK are a poor people
seem to relish that humans will suffer -$1B

TRUMP STILL USING SILVER SPOON !

Wouldn't know hunger !
Good job President Trump!!!
Nuke them sum beaches ! Hail Republicanism!  Hail Donal J. Trump !
I'm a Neo Conservative. North Korea is evil. Urinate on wussy Demotarded liberalism. NUKE those zipperheaded some Beaches! Blow'em 2 Hell!
Better than blowing them off or giving them money for bad acting. That's what previous administrations have done.
F**k the financial impact! As long as NKorea's missiles never reach USA! NKorean children starving because Kim Jong-un builds missiles! 
Free peoples will not bow to you and probably will give you a lesson in ethics
Good job uniting our allies against the crazy sadistic leader of NK!  Obummer failed for 8 years and you accomplished it in 6 months! MAGA!
Thanks for the wonderful work you do, keep up the good job.
You know we need to destroy NK there really is no point to keep waiting for the inevitable.
President TrumpMay God bless, protect& favor you& all you love. May He guide your steps& give you wisdomin Christ Jesus' name we prayAmen
This guy in charge in N. Korea jus wants war and I hate to say it but we are going to have to send him a special delivery.
The UN setting things in motion to starve more people while tens of millions are starving to death already is an unholy act of evil. REPENT.
America has finally got a real man for president. ( drain the swamp)
Seems like only a dent to North Korea after learning of their opium industry for China :
http://thefreethoughtproject.com/norht-korea-opium-trade-afghanistan/amp/ …
@fi_prasad
None sense..
North Korea is not an Arab country to play football with!!
Oh is that the U.N. you condemned?
Great job! No "njet" or veto from Russia and after several administrations before you have failed!
What is the holding billion dollars
Are you sure that isn't fake news.
You're really bad for politics in general. Bad for the republicans. Bad for the dems. Bad for America.
North Korea wants to be able to trade with the US in a large scale way. Offer that, and they will drop their missile program, immediately.
Get rid of Obama holdovers!!
yes it is..
Did u say 1 billon dollars... are u stroking a cat while saying that?  #TrumpLies  #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #FakeNews #Resist
Hoping like mad this will have the impact we need!  Thank you #President Trump for having courage and brilliance.  And for caring about us!
Very Happy 4YOU! But We Want Justice! Jail..McCain4treason! Comey4Sedition,leaks! Hillary/DWS/DNC/Dems4Espionage! Obama4Espionage,Sed&Treas!
Thank God you were left out of the negotiations leading up to this and couldn't ruin it

Don't there best friend how me. Why I am a new friend yours. Donald. I hope you accept my friendship. Thank you very much.
I want morrow have a texting your. Donald. In my account. Because without you don't I can live. Don't there best friend how I
To level world I want. Donald. To have your friendship. Don't there more time what to lose.
Send me a greetings. Donald. By television. Because I want be his friend to level world.
Good thing North Korea doesn't care
You realize it will just result in the starvation and torture of more innocent people, right?
@usa @china @Russia MUST AGREE to Unite Neutralize & denuclearize N&S KOREA-Only Way! @VP @GenMatttisJ @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
Tax returns, Russia collusion, foreign and domestic emoluments

Please Mr President. Don't let another family suffer over their loss of the MV22 Osprey. Too many lives lost. Miss my son
But YOU hate the United Nations...
China finally spoke up. Good job putting the screws on them Donald.
#MOABbowlcut
Keep it up President Trump you are doing a great job.
Praying for you and your staff!
Mr President, this is an incredible accomplishment!  Ambassador Nikki Haley is so well focused & well spoken, a great asset for America.
Domestic terrorism @ home an not a tweet. Shame on you. Your silence is telling millions  of us your a racist.
#Mueller knows where you are.  Thats all that matters.
So, you will starving the poor north korean people more! It's monstruos. #Terrible
Sir, I can honestly say I have complete trust in everything you do & say! I am so thankful to God! Thank You!
The sanctions against your boyfriend is more important, traitor.
Making the world great again!
That's great Donald and what did you have to do with this
@POTUS @JaySekulow @CLewandowski_ @KellyannePolls 

McMaster is running the Show!  Obama holdovers MUST GO!
Mr. Trump you are doing a good job. God be with you. My prayers are always with you. God bless you and your family in everything you do.
You can't wait to puch that button can you?
I would really like to see you final disclosure on extraterrestrial life and the UFO phenomenon
خوار مادر جنده خوار تو رو گاییدن ترامپ کسکش خوار طرفداران تو رو هم گاییدن
Hit them x10 as hard...firing missiles  at any country is assenine...ir blow them out of the water
Decades ago EPA put death sentence on tens of millions of malaria victims with a political ban on DDT. Please make it right
Unfortunate part is that they are suffering from a severe drought. Sanctions are going to cripple so many Innocents not to mention Trump
Trying to kill the rest who may live through starvation. Trump is an embarrassment to a long line of honorable mention.
#trumpPOWER  there is a RUSH when building NUMBERS 4 MAGA ITS seeing the big PICTURE and knowing its OURS for the TAKING!!
 @USA #trumpPOWER
Know what U WANT! KNOW ur OUTCOMES.. that's HOW you ACHIEVE! Know WHAT u want n GO 4it. So YOU TELL ME?? what do u WANT? I'll tell u HOW to GET IT!
You have to fire @VP he is plotting against you!!!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars...
What happened to the sanctions on Russia? Why isn't it signed yet Mr. Sign happy? Delaying? #MuellerTime #MASA Make America Smart Again
. You are the BEST! So hapy I voted for you!
(vomiting noise)
It's worth it.
where do you get your fake tan and wig from
Caution re UN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
経済制裁に効果がない事は、すでに明らか。日本は大丈夫でしょうか？
I think you should go to Texas an serve food to the homeless you can talk a good book but apply
USA is the world Police but it seems some rough and tough and unruly nations are giving difficult challenge to it..
Trump
someone must make trump pay 2 billion for NK.1 bilion for a outside economy country. trump assasin.revenge pls,revenge vs trump & followers
您不要太迷信制裁，对于流氓邪恶政权，随时得大棒伺候，他才学会乖巧。
Lo de Corea del Norte te lo arreglo yo con unos bolardos, rubio.
Very Well fandango
Siempre he querido saber por qué EEUU tiene la potestad de sancionar a quien se le de la gana
You tweeted that just to say "largest package ever", admit it.
You rubbish
Nope, it's for the average NK citizen, regime won't suffer anything.
Great, now go after Venezuela's kingpins
,...something he'll NEVER (POINT OF EMPHASIS) admit  (August 5, 2017; 19:14 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
because again, HE BENEFITED FROM..., (August 5, 2017; 19:14 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
INTERESTING (AGAIN) how RARELY he mentions... (August 5, 2017; 19:14 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #RUSSIA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
over 1 BILLION cost 2 THEM. OK (August 5, 2017; 19:14 EDT) #NORTHKOREA
We wouldn't have these problems in this country if we just gave Hillary a participation trophy.
Buddha
@POTUS and you had nothing to do with it. You start trouble don't fix it. So sad
good president
Thank you Mr. President for all your hard work to MAGA ! We truly appreciate it ! Many prayers! Unfortunately your vicious opponents exist!
What matters to a king is for its people to be productive an multiplied
Race is gone when blacks freed what makes a human being better is the job
GREAT JOB, NIKKI HALEY IS YOUR BEST APPOINTMENT
How about economic sanctions on colleges and legal assistance for college students expelled without cause? @POTUS @finkd @HigherEdNotDebt
Fucking North Korea
sanctions have really kept him in check all these years.. business as usual.. lol
HIRE A REAL ASSISTANT LIFE COACH NEVER LOSE A BATTLE.
God is more than the whole world that is against you.
GOOD JOB!!! I SAW THE POTUS SIGN BILL ALLOWING ME AN ARMY VET TO CHOOSE MY OWN DOCTOR. THANK YOU!!!!!
告诉你先生大人制裁他鸟也没用，唯一送他去地狱。
you are putting the peace in the globe in danger by your irogant decesion
Happy wala goola
Mere Marne ki kshi mi
No America and UK pe abhi nahi
Gola  dagao

You want no part of the U.N. remember. You used your ridiculous rhetoric to make America look stupid.
Poor America.....it looks like theory President is an Idiot , it makes me sad to see such Things ....greetings from Germany 
With all due respect UN sanction is just gesture many of those countries still help the dictator when no one is watching .
Yeah it worked so well and now you look like a fool thank you lil Kim
great move!!millions are backing
You..keep going!! Thank you!!
great move!!
downwithusa
trump.frene ya..a kim jon un..este tipo es un peligro.le traera muchos problemas a los estados unidos
.
Now you like the UN???
And Kuwait is already applying the pressure on N Korea.

You have the whole UN behind you, why don't you wait to see these sanctions work, before you start flapping your mouth.
The leader of North Korea needs to be taken out, as long as he exists,he will always be a threat to the USA, special team to take him out
The sanctions should be imposed in Gold Bullion and moved to the US Treasury. If it were only that easy.....
:.
Ummm, but China has to implement most of the cross-border sanctions and your approach has failed with them. Why would they change now?
@POTUS Is that what your coloring book told you today? LOL #TrumpRussia
Resign
Maaaaaaybe an ambassador to South Korea should be on the options menu.
Leadership!
