That makes me smile:)MAGA. LOCK THEM UP..DRAIN THE SWAMP ... BUILD THE WALL.. COVFEFE

Full statement from CNN 
Media might not keep you from your goals but somehow a senate majority is. That's a first!! Congrats!
So tired of your little two year old ways your suppose to be a leader, why do you refuse to act like one. Media is doing there job. Do your!
You haven't done anything on behalf of the American people. You have done for yourself, your children, your friends, and the wealthy.
We know what McConnell is up to today. Go take a nap.
No but you will!! You're not stable. Please resign. You only look out for your interest and your wealthy friends. Top 1% winning. Others 0!!
It won't be the media that stops us from accomplishing our objectives, that's the task of my dysfunctional administration!
You crack me up Sir.

Ola

If you simply WORKED instead of watching TV MAYBE you could actually accomplish something.  As it is, you're acting like you're 12.
Thank You Mr. President! #AmericaFirst
God bless you Mr. President! We will all help you undo the mess made by treasonous Obama Administration! 
You say #AmericaFirst, but you really mean #WhiteAmericaFirst. You should wear your #WhiteHood when you speak #Biggot #Clueless #Loser

Trump is the man of the people. Trump speaks for the 99%.

Submitted without comment. 
Resign
Remember when u said you want to lead all Americans? This is not how u do it! You are further dividing country making leading even harder!
Must be done playing golf. Fpos
U Sir R Awesome 
Fake, dishonest president trump...tweeting pro violence because he can't stand the heat. Here's an idea, #Resign
Shut up. Just shut up will ya??
I am so ashamed and embarrassed that you are President.
Consider how Mindia Gavasheli, a Sputnik editor, is already attacking the free press in America just like Trump.

“We’re glad to finally...
You are a child.
The media is not dishonest. You are dishonest
Bro the media and news is all a bunch of bullshit
never means never
They are the Propaganda Ministry of the Delusional Democrat Party!

I thought they were the “fraudulent media” now? You’re not very good at branding…
Also, the media isn’t “FAKE”—you are. Just bc you’re a snowflake who can’t handle the facts doesn’t mean they’re not true.
No president ever besides Nixon labeled the free press as “fake”. You will have the same fate as him.
Except, instead of resigning, Congress will be invoking the #25thAmendmentNOW
*should invoke 25th Amendment but won't. GOP is complicit.
What have you accomplished? You brought back coal, ate cake, touched an orb, and tweeted hateful items. YAHOO!
You don't understand healthcare yet you want the Senate to take it away and work on a plan later. You stole a Supreme Court seat...
And you play golf and do rallies. So in other words...you have accomplished nothing.
He sure has managed to make every single liberal in America cry so he must be doing something right 
You mean he's made every patriot in America disgusted, his 34% is a cult , sickening!




Donald Trump will go down as America's Greatest President of the modern era. Thank god he has stood up & unfurled the blindfold of stupidity
Could you explain the logic of that statement?
There is no logic in that statement!
He is the corrupt machine, you're just 2 stupid and brainwashed 2 see what's right in front of u.
Said the egghead bot, throwing around insults with 2 followers ...YAWN
Ha ... your no oil painting either !!
Please repeal Obamacare and don't replace. Get government out of healthcare. Govt never does anything efficiently or inexpensively.
CHARLIE GARD IS AN EXAMPLE OF YOUR WORDS. SINGLE PAYER TAKES THE POWER OUT OF THE HANDS OF PARENTS & THE INDIVIDUAL PATIENT.
nope, charlie gard's case shows that individual patient's rights supersede wishes of the parents
No. Independent judiciary. No amount of money can reverse irreversible brain damage
We are not your people. You are our employee, nothing more.
Why didn't anyone tell o that?  Or Cankles?
So far you've accomplished nothing.
He has undone a few of Barack Obamas huge mistakes. That is definitely accomplishing something. Another one coming soon, outing Obamacare!
Now that's how an America 1st leader gives a speech!!! 
Mr. Trump you are so right about these crooks. They are trying to conspire out here in Santa Maria against me and I likely believe Hillary and Obama is behind it. I am  going to fight them just like I fight for you. I will always have your back. My name is Lolita Nelson.
YES BUT FAKE MEDIA IS GREAT GREAT GREAT PROBLEM @POTUS
Eminem is trying to make his way back from a rap career at sunset with lame lyrics.
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!… https:...
Hahahahaha. Insane.
Dude, lay off the coke. You need to even out.

министр очень странных дел Сергей Лавров.
But what about the current dishonest, unpresidented White House occupant? When will be be held to account?
That's really good! Love our President!
Bot.
So you're finally dumping Fox News as your unofficial propaganda tool?
A statement like this belittles executive office making it look obsessive, lacking confidence, disrespectful, and small minded
I bet u couldn't wait to show the WWE tweet to Melania who was probably sleeping when u did it.#COFEFE
America is last because you're a LOOOOOOSERRRRRRRRRRRR
Are you really worried about dishonesty? I mean...all things considered....I'd think you'd understand it.

No they won't... But your slimy son and son in law may.  You are just gross and a liar
#cnn ratings way up in response to false tweets by most unpopular #POTUS of all time
#4thofJuly 
#Happy4th
Mueller isn't leading a witch hunt,he'd be hiring investigators.Instead he's hired a dream team of world-class prosecutors.What is going on?
I'm confused here..I thought you ran against HRC in the election, NOT the media.is this bc only 6 newspapers in the entire US endorsed you?
The LIBTARDS are furious, job well done..job well done president trump we see you 
Luke you have no idea what you're talking about. On top of all that garbage you've been writing you don't even realize that we're Republic.
The dishonest media won't stop you from accomplishing your objectives--because the real dishonest media supports you! (You know who you are)
Dishonest media = any outlet that does not fall into lock-step behind you.
What making the rich richer and the poor poorer??  Having a national tv station where all we hear is you??  Shoot me first.
The only dishonest thing America fears is Donald Trump.
Great job Mr. President!!
But, your dishonest
Good Luck with Merkei, the closet East German Commie.
U shouldnt be 
Most likely that will be you ?and I can't wait for you too screw it all up ,and you will 25th amendment
Your Fake Presidency will be coming to an end very soon. How will that look in the history books. LMAO
Make America white again. You and your dad/racists.
For CHRIST SAKES MAN!!! STOP this psycho attacks. Especially on This Day of ALL DAYS !! JUST DO YOUR DAM JOB WE HIRED YOU FOR !! U LOSER.
WAIT is it the dishonest media? Or fake news media? dishonest fake news media? fake dishonest news? News fake dishonest? Disfake mediahonest
oh, like shutting down EPA,PlannedParenthood, MEDICARE&MEDICAID,tax cuts for the uber-rich,YOUR insane ATTACK TWEETS, etc? 3cheers4them!
You lost the popular vote.  You're only "president" because Putin and his buddies interfered with the election.
25th amendment 25th amendment 25th amendment 25th amendment......
yes they did :)
No, you are trying to silence the media. You have lots to hide and the media will find you out to protect America.
- Thank you President Trump for outing all the bad stuff-keep it going!  We love it and we love you too!
Compensating enough? tiny hands, tiny mind, tiny wherever... @realDonaldTrump #tinyhandstrump #USPolitics #uspoli
to be expressed. The agitation it produces must be submitted to. It is necessary, to keep the waters pure. ~ Thomas (2/3)
The moment we no longer have a free press, anything can happen. What makes it possible for a totalitarian or any (1/2)
Do your job & stop dinking around w/ the media. In the private sector, you'd be fired 4 these comments.

STOP THESE ENDLESS WARS ON LIES FOR PROFIT!!!
In your mind, all news media besides Fox is fake. That makes no sense. Fox kisses your butt, and THAT's why you like them.
I'm not tired of winning yet. We haven't won until we can disregard all the whiners. You know fake news, social justice Warriors blah blah..
But you sir are the liar.
thats right dont talk about what you dont know. econ, healthcare jobs

You mean your new Nazi Regime 
But this guy might keep you from accomplishing your object to sell America down the river. #25thAmendmentNow
LMFAO
Let him try & then you can cry
#MAGA4ALL
@nytimes to let Sanger and the editors know that the evidence is there @SangerNYT http://beforeitsnews.com/9-11-and-ground-zero/2013/12/new-york-times-the-evidence-is-not-hard-to-find-2440526.html … #HugeExplosion  #AskTrump
I'm one of many democrats that will never vote for the socialists that have hijacked my party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVoKv1P6myo …
Dems are afraid of loosing power. The hate and violence is from the left. The party of slavery.

Stop w/the fake media!! They are not fake, you are, and you created FM w/Russia &your collusion!! STOP IT, you fool!!*
You are fake stop trying to dismantle the press move to Russia where you belong
Yes, you won, by not allowing them to video, record or report.  Good going! Thats real honest.
The Americans U forgot will stop U not the media. U need 2 help those in the middle and bottom not the top. There R more of us then them!
NO SILENCE, keep talking please. the best thing you can do for us all is keep your foul mouth open and running.
You are what you tweet.  Who isfake?
Dishonest...like winter rules?
You trying to silence or discredit the press is NEVER a safe, constitutional, presidential thing. It will not keep America great.
We lob you POTUS, your the bestest!
May The Wings Of Liberty Never Lose A Feather
I like that keep kicking their fake asses
America first!
How about the rest of the Republican Party, your lawyers, any  staff w/even half a brain cell working? UR are FAILING in front of the WORLD!
you don't care anything about the American people
Then why don't you tell us. Who are the companies with all the great jobs you created. Name names.
these merits and demerits of the candidates respectively. ~ James Madison (4/4)
YOU are a prime source of #FakeNews!
PolitiFact: 69% of what DJT says is mostly false/false/flat-out lie; he's truthful only 17% of the time
Love ya trump
Trump it's not so much the media is dishonest, it's a shame that you are,you pick the people you want to work for,rich white.
You are worthless. Blame media because you have no clue as to what to do. Walk away with what little dignity you have
No. The media isn't. Members of your party in Congress are doing that. How are those 2 majorities working for ya, Donny? #MinorityRules
Narcist with paranoia. Time to check your psychic health to provide more damage.
Keep up the great work!
Great job, Mr. President! Media can dish out inuendo and lies hourly, but any reply is an outrage. FAKE NEWS!!!
You have accomplished nothing OUR GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE. Only for yourself and Russia have you done ANYTHING! LOSER
Why don't you just grow up Trump quit blaming other people for the problems you've created just except your position and deal with it
The FAKE MEDIA is trying to silence us. Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything. FAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3dLIRHZO3Y …
But don't worry your Russian friends will help you sell this great nation for your profit!
Who do you great POTUS feel is honest for reporting?  You?
Honesty should be a priority in the West Wing. Try it and you might get better news coverage to make you feel better.
Thank you Mr. President! When the Bible speaks of a "wicked and perverse generation", I think of the Left.
You are the most dishonest President ever!  Such an embarrassment
Like it or not, President Donald Trump shall become th greatest POTUS in U.S. history. With every passing day, that truism is coming 2 pass.
Only a dishonest politician & unhinged ignoramus as yourself would attack America's #FreePress . #AmericaFirst requires #25thAdmendmentNow
que pasa  si nadie paga tu muro  :v mmm buena pregunta
crooked, dishonest, illegitimate presidency. What happened to your healthcare campaign promises? Lying donald, Worst pres!
You are doing exactly what you campaigned on. The media is having a field day because you are to use
Mr. Trump! Why are you attacking our hardworking journalists who strive to keep our DEMOCRACY & CONSTITUTION sacred & upheld?
Just wanted to let you know, you do not have the right of the 1st  Amendment! @CNN, @NBC, #Democrats all say you can't #tweet anymore! #MAGA
Amen
You are going to get someone in the media killed one day! Then what? Not your fault?
Pig
You are so sickening!!

other dictatorship to rule is that people are not informed. ~ Hannah Arendt (2/2)
