Let us know when you drop a deuce.  We want a minute by minute tweet update

I wish this was "fake news"
Vacation is back on again,is it? You took a break just long enough to offend the world,now it's back to GOLF!
He cant screw anything up for america when he's golfing. Let him stay there
Trump IS the swamp
Mr. President, We The Awoken People of America Stand With You!! Don't forget that!! #MAGA 
Don't you mean awoKKKen?
You're a horrible person.
Okay. Can you maybe stop flying your helicopters over my house???? We can hear them. And we flip them off as they pass. 
Shit, that curse I conjored didn't work. Better get a better book.
Shit, that curse I conjored didn't work. Better get a better book.
Make America Great Again and resign.
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA https://instagram.com/p/BX3e7vmHG9R/ ...
45, YOU'RE AN EMBARRASSMENT THRU OUT THE WORLD! I'm not proud to say you are my POTUS. YOU'LL NEVER MEASURE UP TO President Barack Obama!
Donald -  diarrhea of the mouth
Resign #ImpeachAndReplace truely #MAGA
Please. Stay there. Forever.
More golfing how nice. Do you ever really work?With real conviction denounce the White Supremacy,Nazis.Start leading instead of deflections
No pos guau
Who cares! take care of our country first! go to Charlottesville!
Sad you didnt crash, Trumpler!
No one cares.
What’s your glue of choice to keep that piss stained hate fuelled Wig on your head when dealing with helicopter downdraft?
#MAGA

Good thing you don't promote your own businesse for profit.
@GOP The faster you remove Donald, better the chance your party can recover. Do nothing, and you will be judged for decades
Stay there. You are done.
I have never been happier to not have Instagram.

You are one sick fuck. This is what you think of when our country is in distress? Golf?
More Vacationing in NJ, while you should be in Charlottesville condemning hate crimes.  You coward!
You are a coward and so are the 96% of Republican politicians who refuse to condemn your remarks you made yesterday!
As the days go buy, we get closer and closer to your inevitable impeachment, while more Republicans are implicated
Leave our state.
Just give it up.. You tried your best. Don't you think it's time to call it and retire to a life of Twitter and golfing?
Good thing that our last president can still lead the people amidst your presence. #deadbeatpresident #unfit #dividerandchief #UNITEDStates
Go play some golf. Loser.
Democrats are domestic terrorists
Have some balls and arrest these idiots they are breaking the law and no-nonsense rallies arrest them
America is already great and New Jersey doesn't want you here.
To do what? Another vacation? Or to see your psychiatrist?
What, to lick your wounds? You have more self-inflicted wounds than a drunken Edward Scissorhands working the busy shift at Supercuts.
Time for some self-soothing.  Golf and his pacifier:  a couple of KFC chicken legs.
3 Buckets of extra crispy triple fried 
#MAGA
They, the nazis, love you.
We, the people,  want you OUT.
Be strong President Trump we have your back!!

Seems more like a commercial for your club.
If God be for you, who can be against you. You stood for the Truth & refused to be bullied by the media. Leftist thugs are reprehensible too
Yeah I bet you thought 101st airborn was were thugs too going after those Nazis. They didn't have a permit either.
You have screwed our country & you are on vacation again? All you do is golf. You golf more than Obama & Bush combined. #lazypresident
Who ever said he was going on vacation again... u guys are insane
Insanity is believing he's working.
Yeah I know you'd love to believe he doesn't do anything as President but I'm sorry there's absolutely no way u can win that argument
Well he golfs, tweets and has temper tantrums. I guess that's working? Oh maybe not.
I'm not even gonna try and argue with someone who won't admit trump isn't working as president of the United States.
He works to keep Nazis happy. I can admit it.
Yeah you must have not seen it when he denounced all those groups. Oh wait you probably don't watch the news do you
Make America Great Again 


That's only going to be true because trumps undoing all the great things Obama did as president. You understand that is a bad thing, right?
You are such a piece of shit. 
You hate this job. 
And you're terrible at it. 

Just resign. Then you can golf all you want.
Trump has been a model citizen for over 50 yrs just because he is a republican president you leftist filth hate him
Golfing AGAIN?
WE DON'T WANT YOU IN NEW JERSEY!!!
Hiding at Bedminster will not change anything, you will pay for your actions very soon! America HATES you! IMPEACHMENT is soon!
President Barack Obama would be at Heather's funeral/memorial showing respect and you are going on vacation. Resign.
God Bless Our President Trump 
Run! #DonTheRacist
#ImpeachTrump
Thud! RESIGN.
Please stay there!!! For ever
I thought I smelled something very rank in the breeze.  Go home.
Lucky fucking us.
Stand strong please Mr President for the people.
WHO THE FUCK CARES....STOP TWEETING SHIT
Ayyyyyyy what's up prez I'm saying high I know this won't be read but hey worth a shot
NOBODY CARES!
Already Historians are summing up how you will be known in the Future.
Why don't U use Camp David while WH being renovated?
Stay there and resign.
I want my country back! The only country we will have if you remain....is the 4th REiICH!
This is the only legacy you will leave.
JUST GET OUT ALREADY, RESIGN!
Is that where the arrest/resignation will take place? We know your plot is there anyway.
Which means Melania moves back to the guest house tonight so she doesn't have to get breathed on by your gross mouth. #ImpeachTrump
We really could give a  if you're going to golf. Please do the world a favor and
God Bless You and Your Family Mr President..#MAGA 
Why? Now we have to lie and wait to here your next crazy statement!
45 = 35%
You need to resign and pray you are not convicted and imprisoned.
Damm. I was hoping it would be a CRASH not a landing.
#25ththe45th
Back to your golf club after a strenuous week?
I feel m.a.g.a is now hate speech.  Bigot, sexist, racist, snake  oil salesman
POTUS, please learn your history.The statues were raised to continue Secession emotions...Lee spoke up against them, said they were divisive
Stay there! And keep your white nationalist staffers too. #sick #Unpresidential
David Duke also has a Russian connection. No surprise.
Poor Bedminster!
Listen:
impeach him
Pity.
You should have stayed up there.
Reconsider Judge Moore.  GOP throwing U under bus.
Shouldn't you head home to the house the electoral college put you in and start trying to work towards bringing our country back to 2017?
They don't like you there either
Because we all know that the Most Winningest Deals are done on the golf course!
Why r u in NJ? Why r u  again??!! Hiding perhaps? Ur place is back in Washington right now. If u can't do ur job, quit already!
This time get into a closet and stay there. You certainly do nothing in Washington.
Let's go play golf.  Again.  Go hide, racist.  Hey, your lawyer just forwarded a whacko letter praising secession to media!   #FakePresident
I've never felt sorry for a whole town before. Poor Bedminster. May God protect them & see them through your visit. #NotMyPresident #Racist
Will you PLEASE SHUT UP. #GetOutOfNJ make America great again by LEAVING IT. #IMPEACH #LockHimUp
Stay there.
Do you need a ride from the airport?

Please reroute to Moscow.
Sad.
I just farted. It was more intelligent than anything said by Donald Trump #PrezLoser
Again
President Trump is a true American. He is doing the best job possible in spite of the resistance from the radical criminal left Dems.
And we r his Deplorable Army of the Republic!  Get active folks.. call congress tell them 2018 is coming and we will remove the RINOs!
Why not Camp David?
#WhiteSupremacistInChief wasting more taxpayers $$ while u golf and do absolutely nothing? #Resign #TrumpURAFailure #LoserTrump #Incompetent
ALWAYS AT WORK FOR OUR COUNTRY #POTUS45
Feel free to stay there indefinitely.
Do you own any homes that you don't share with tenants? Odd, a "billionaire" without one private residence. Just overpriced boarding houses?

watch brake lights.
Who cares?
One of the highest Jewish contamination rate in the United States.
Please stay there, you are no longer welcome in the people's house
Please stay out of New Jersey.
Why, know one gives a shit!
Your cracking u will go down as the worst one year president ever they r gonna impeach u Russia 
I bet they don't want you there, either
Nazi
Please stay there.
I hate you

Racist sexist sex-assault-supporter anti-LGBTQ idiot @POTUS
No one to greet him, no one with him. A lonely, angry, bitter, fool.
More golf?
nobody cares
Who gave a fuck
On vacation after causing death of one and mangling of many others in VA, a rally on Tuesday.  How tone deaf are you?  #nazipotus
Not a president of the people.....a president of hate and division....
Nazi party meeting there tonight?
Leave. Just don't come to Canada.
Stay there if they will have you
You've played more golf in six months than Obama, whom you criticized, played in several years. Lazy, lazy, lazy. Sad.
Damn! Hoped you'd crash and burn like your business groups!
We don't give a shit.
Just want to say thank you for all you do and have done. God bless and guide and protect you always.
Great!  Knock yourself out with your clubs!
Tell 4 star General Kelly, stop shoe looking, get some balls & defend POTUS from pimps & whores of information, ie media.
Nobody cares
Resign and stay there.
Erasing history just like Isis and the Taliban...The not so silent coup of the media n DNC Inc is no different http://doctorbuzzard.info/press5/the-last-line/ … #MAGA
NOBODY CARES! And shouldn't you be doing something about #Charlottesviille because I'm pretty sure terrorism is more important than golf.
By having tax money, OUR MONEY, that pays for your vacations, to your properties, funneled into those places; then into your pocket? #crook
Can you please get on a spaceship and fly into the sun? Your prehistoric attitudes have no place in the modern world.
stay there
I feel sorry for Bedminster, New Jersey.
Get out of my state you fraud!
Oh PLEASE stay there and just #GetOutOfOurHouse #GetOutOfOurHouse #GetOutOfOurHouse #GetOutOfOurHouse #GetOutOfOurHouse #GetOutOfOurHouse
Sorry, Bedminster! Thanks though for taking one for the team!

Mr. President, You ever try meditation?
Just resign and stay there. The vast majority of Americans won't miss you.
Stay in the White House you are the president. Our country needs some one who can be strong

9.  was standing passively by, seemingly waiting for violence to take place, so that they'd have grounds to declare 'unlawful assembly'.
