.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Remember when our FAILING President never apologized for any of his huge mistakes?


What has he done illegal? Anything? *crickets* what about that REAL criminal yall tried to put in office? No prison for her? Oh ok
YES! It was clearly a BIGLY YUGE APOLOGY! Especially when they said they were going to "hold power to account" - SO SORRY!
They were CLEARLY apologizing when they said they and other news outlets UNDERESTIMATED our support among American voters!
OR when they said that they wanted to find out which "forces and strains drove this divisive election and outcome". SAD!
Or when they called us an "ENIGMATIC FIGURE" and asked how we will "ACTUALLY GOVERN"! They were apologizing all the time!
Really, the New York Times, which is FAILING BIGLY by the way, was apologizing almost as much as WE ARE WINNING!
Are they TIRED of apologizing, yet? Because we sure are TIRED of winning! Phew... we need a break. Maybe some GOLF!
But really, they apologized to us, so we went and did an INTERVIEW with them. In which we said things about them.
We said: "I HAVE GREAT RESPECT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES. TREMENDOUS RESPECT." Of course we cleverly said it in SCARE QUOTES!
Remember when the President had a family who loved him?
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Remember when Hillary had waaaaay more votes than you?
Remember when you said this?
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes This is a fun game... remember when you did this?
The fact that the @GOP could want to elect him after that says a lot about them.
I thought "he's done" when Trump mocked that guy. Silly me.
Sine they voted him in anyway we can assume that the @GOP fully supports this
Deplorables definitely have a cruel streak.
No one remembers because you're lying. You are reporting FAKE NEWS. You are the problem here. You need to go.
Why is this what you're thinking about when you wake up? There's real, far more important issues to address.
#Fakenews is important... It's corrupting feeble minds and has some believing Bush is still Prez
I agree! Fox and Trump need to just stop doing it. Eats away at any shred of credibility.
lmao, they have none
remember that "damaging dossier" that would end trumps career.... yea me neither....
wow I'm so impressed.... so Trump likes to get peed on.. who tf cares
you have moved from fake news to fake memories.
A progress, of sorts. But still, and importantly, this never happened.
Oh yes it did

Oh look a website with ties to the Clinton foundation. You know since those Clinton are so trustworthy!
so where is your counter evidence, then? Of the apology? The burden of proof is on the accuser.
another Dem that couldn't see the Truth if it hit him in the FACE.  Use to too many LIES!!
So, please proof of the apology.

So Obama served right? And what wars has Trump started again?
Always bring up Obama because you can't defend Trump
You've got to be kidding. Democrats are still blaming President Bush
No kidding Americans soldiers are still dying thanks to his lies
No.
.@realDonaldTrump Because it never happened.
.@realDonaldTrump  Geeshus, thanks for sharing. If #TheDonald's Lips are moving or thumbs tweeting....
You know that you're only bringing more attention to their coverage with your daily complaints, right?
You should go do an interview with them. They'll be so embarrassed when you present them with the truth!
They'll probably fold the next day. When you constantly complain on Twitter, it lets them to paint it as childish tantrums.
Don't fall for that trap, Mr. President!
and here I thought you were not a Trump fan, just can't follow those who think he's anything more than crazy 
I think she was being sarcastic.
took some research to realize. Seems we have some things in common.
This never happened. @RealDonaldTrump's tweet is a deliberate mischaracterization of a Nov. 13 letter from the NYT. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/847056211006631936 …
(Here's the NYT letter Trump is referring to. It's really not an apology at all.)
Still not seeing an apology. The president is lying to you. Sorry.
Words that don't appear in the note: Sorry, apology, apologize, regret, remorse, guilt, mistake. Not an apology
Remember when you promised again and again and again to release your tax returns and then broke that promise?
Remember when you asked Putin to hack Hillary Clinton on national television AND THEN HE DID?
Remember when you said "I'd rarely leave the White House" & then you spent 10+mill to enjoy weekenders in FL?
.@realDonaldTrump generally I don't remember things that never happened.
.@azalben that is why you can't beat him, he's smarter than you
this is true. His unique ability to remember things that never happened definitely points to a keen intellect.
Remember when Presidents did Presidential things?
like putting miners back to work?
Miners? Are you concerned about the drop in shoe shiners too? This is 2017
remember when ur greed and vengeance destroyed ur whole family - ur son in law doing ur bidding - jail awaits TRUMP LEGACY @realDonaldTrump
and I'm going to put in a job application for prison guard at the prison I want to be there front row
You'd have 2 stand behind my hubby who's already a correction officer &would love 2b a fly on THAT wall.
Do they still shoot people for treason?
Not sure but it smells like treason season!
Do you even know what treason is, libturd?
I know what treason is I know what filthy muddy hands are I know who Putin is and I know how much Russia likes us
Treason - the action of betraying someone or something. Sounds like #TREASON to me.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes HANNITY EVER AFTER
.@USDOL @VETS_DOL @CA_EDD trying to find problems and solutions for #veteran issues when your executive leadership is the problem #asinine 
.  8 yrs of Obama and the guy who's been in 3 months is the problem?  Common Core math.
.@MellBarb @USDOL @VETS_DOL @CA_EDD #EdwardHugler #SamShellenberger #WilliamTorrans #PatrickHenningJr are far worse than @realDonaldTrump
.  Another non-sensical reply.
it's OK @nytimes is gaining subscribers worldwide every time he tweets about them "failing" they are winning hugely
Just like ISIS gains new recruits every time he perpetrates some new outrage
.@realdonaldtrump False, we did not apologize. We stand by our coverage & thank our millions of subscribers for supporting our journalism.
@nytimes @realDonaldTrump Fact checking the President is like interrogating a sandwich. Neither pay you any attention.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes What were you saying about failing?
That's gotta hurt -> Trump's approval rating just hit a new low of 36%. 
http://www.gallup.com/poll/201617/gallup-daily-trump-job-approval.aspx … 
funny how long the NYT has been failing. It's an incredibly slow fail.
.@realDonaldTrump is the president of bullshitting.  @nytimes
@JJTJaeger @realDonaldTrump @nytimes face it, trump is a liar, and his supporters, presented with the facts, still believe him
I actually don't remember that, and neither does anyone else…
Also, keep in mind their reporting re: the election wasn't false. It was all within the margin of error for the polls…
& you keep forgetting that you lost the popular vote (Hillary Clinton was more popular, get that in your head)
saying their coverage was fake just bc u had low odds is like saying birthdays don't exist bc they only happen once a year…
I don't even like Hillary, but she clearly continues to haunt your nightmares considering how much you talk about her…
Can you put their shoe size or any other irrelevant number on the pic as well?
those are the vote counts… very relevant lmao
Not relevant enough to get Hillary elected.
Remember he you lied about the sad size of your inauguration crowds for the entire first week of your Presidency?
oh forgot about his obsession with exaggerating size - crowds, hands... there was one more, can't think of it
I'm convinced The Big Combover Of 2017 is another form of overcompensation.
Getting old. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/847056211006631936 …
It looks like they are fine and moving up. I subscribed first time 45 criticized them.
just waiting for @realDonaldTrump to take credit for this uptick in @nytimes stock. Might be fact at this point?
Well, I might not have subscribed had he not complained. So he helped them.
or remember all the times you complained like a petulant child about Obama golfing, but now that's all you do?
Remember when you made all these silly plans and can't accomplish any of it?
Don't forget promise of legal action against women claiming to have been sexually assaulted by him within first 100 days.
Absolutely canNOT believe this man is president of the USA.  Give me one redeeming quality...one!
The man eats pizza with a fork and wears white socks with dress shoes. He's evil incarnate.
He eats his KFC fried chicken with a knife and fork, too. He thinks it makes him look classy. FAIL.
He also likes his steaks cooked "well done" and then pours ketchup on them. 
The man is a damned monster.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes remember when you were caught on camera talking about grabbing women's genitals ?
but... but... no one respects women as much as he does.
NO ONE!! And as one of many other perks that comes w this pres, comes:
And somehow he is. :-( How on Earth do ppl find in their hearts 2 defend him as faultless? He does the worst and toadies leap 2 his defence.
They could be educated. I think a common thread is they only think of themselves as worthy and won't even consider others could matter. Why?

I'm gonna elevate the discourse so much you're gonna to be tired of the discourse being elevated
@realDonaldTrump would never use the word, "discourse."
Failing isn't an all time high subscription rate. Failing is when you can't get a deal with your own team or get legal legislation passed.
Failing is having a worse rating as president than Nixon.
um, out of 300 million Americans only 63 voted Trump, now you know failing too 🖒
More fake news, Donald. NYT online subscriptions at record highs. Stock near 52 week high. Why are you so afraid of them?
Because they busting those G Men in NY yesterday. He's scared.
Now you got me running to The NY Times like:
Here, saved everyone a click...
They're closing in on you! You're clearly scared.
my thoughts exactly. His fear is palpable.
They do excellent work. Not something you're familiar with. They've gone bankrupt zero whole times!
@FIERCEDEFENDER1 @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I believe Donald has though, been bankrupt. Pot calling the kettle black again

Remember when you bragged about sexual assault and taking married women furniture shopping in hope of having sex?
I saw on Fox & Friends that Donald had to apologize to President Obama for trying to repeal the ACA.
remember when your approval ratings hit new lows this week?
remember when bees and dogs could smell fear
Pepperidge Farm remembers
Buddy, if this is winning, I'd hate to see what losing looks like.
- Remember when Hillary lied? Remember when Hillary sold Uranium to Russia? People chose what would effect...
....them over offend them. 
Wanna know how #FakeMedia works?
ha ha ha ha. Washington Examiner???
Sounds like a legit paper...Must be a legit paper...Right?  It supports 45's agenda so...
.@realDonaldTrump you're lying again. Grow up Donald, seriously. 
@nytimes
shhhhhhhh
I totally agree. 
Remember that time @seanspicer said this:
and what would 2012 have to do with trump..this was said when BHO was out on the course again
You're kidding, right? Trump has golfed 12x in 9 wks. Obama nvr golfed that much.
How sad is it that you have to explain the connection because they're that f'n dumb
NY Times! NY Times! NY Times! 

Why do they get all the attention? We all think your incompetence is staggering.
no one remembers this, no, because IT NEVER HAPPENED YOU CRAZY OLD FUCK
A flat-out lie. It's pathological how @realDonaldTrump offers as fact things that are public knowledge & easily checkable.
never happened.
Gallup didn't do general election polls.
asking who is more presidential. It's not asking who are you voting for.

.@realDonaldTrump you are a bozo
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Remember when you bamboozled Americans into voting for an incompetent Russian puppet? Yea, us too.
For the record, a 36 percent approval rating is "failing."
failing?

Your approval ratings: 
NYT subscriptions: 
People pay for that shit? No seriously?
apparently more and more people
yes I'd love to know as well.
I've noticed you get very aggressive & defensive when they are on course to something "bigley" ... true Sociopath behavior.  (bad) SAD
Remember when we had a president that we could respect?
I remember--from 2001-2009 and from January 20 2017 to present.  Obozo was a socialist imposter...
Must prosecute secure criminals to MAGA. Hold legally responsible. Apply the law.
No Donnie. NOBODY remembers. It is very common people don't remember things that NEVER HAPPENED
Remember when the failing @realDonaldTrump promised things to voters , then right after the election, didn't follow through! Now worse!
No. I don't remember that. Remember when Flynn flipped?
No strong democracy without strong, independent media. Get used to it.
The world is exploding & this POTUS continues to settle pettiest of personal scores. When will u start to govern?
it's funny since your cohort Mike Flynn wants immunity to tell all. You can't blame NYTimes since it was Flynn
I remember Flynn singing "lock her up! lock her up!" Sad
Trump you the best and the worst president
STOP ALREADY! You EVER WORK??? Ur Deplorables already believe everything u say. Try to convince smart people. 
We never read NY TIMES! All they do is cover up for the Obamas and Clintons. LIARS!
You are supposed to be #Potus, not a media critic.
They didn’t apologize. Was Bannon not around to read this to you? We know you can’t. Maybe ask Barron.
Remember when you were a birther?

you're desperate we get it. The Feds are closing in #resist #investigatetrump #ImpeachTrump
Pepperidge Farm doesn't remember.
I remember when they DID NOT APOLOGIZE but thanked MILLIONS of new subscribers since 11/8 doomsday. 
NY times is greatest most legit resource for the new. Exact opposite from Trump Family and fake fox new#lockhimup
do you realize every time you tweet about them, their subscriber list goes through the roof, right? Do you have shares in @nytimes?
I mean that First Word in my last #tweet
I am still learning how to use a #Linux based spell checker.
#Number_and_Letters.
they didn't Donald. You should read the letter that was sent out. Please stop lying, it makes you look bad
No you are the one failing comrade.  You gonna look so pretty in orange
The only thing failing from New York is the Failing Trump Presidency. #fakepresident
Some cheese with your whine, sir?
When 95% of media ppl DONATE $$$$ to #DemoDorks like betting on losing horses at the track!
The Times never apologized (it didn't need to). Stop lying, Trump.
president trump you are far and above the largest  creator of fake news.
no, I don't remember @nytimes apologizing & neither do they. I do remember you criticizing #Obama for playing golf though.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes ummm, if by "failing" NY TImes you mean a HUGE increase in subscriptions, then yes, it's failing. #LiarinChief
#NotMyPresident #Nevertrump
Donald Trump will go down in history as the worst President ever.  A legacy of bankruptcy and deceit
remember that time your apologized for any of your countless lies or coverups?? yeah neither do we.
I don't remember because it NEVER happened (also, coverage wasn't wrong).
remember when you received a stone cold stunner? lmao that shit was hilarious.
Can't Trump just focus on the job for goodness sake? Blaming the media is so petty.
Remember when our president lied to us and made up fake news. Stop deflecting!!! Resist.
New York Times is doing a wonderful job exposing Russia's involvement and looking at you and your staff
Remember when you accused H Clinton of all sorts of things, but it's YOU guilty of everything you said she did?
remember when @realDonaldTrump apologized for being a total failure at presidenting? Nope. Me neither.
We are all waiting for the many apologies you need to make.
NEVER HAPPENED
Good way to tell how NY times is doing? Print advertising declining free fall! 20% most recent quarter from Feb 17
#NYTIMES never apologized....... more #FakeNews from #DJT #LIarInChief
Remember when Donald Trump was under FBI investigation for treason? America always will.
So So So tired of your foolishness. #NotMyPresident
If the @nytimes is failing, what should we call you and your 35% rating? Failed? Bankrupt?
Nope, but you have narcissism, so someone with your condition often imagines this sort of thing.
you are nothing but a puppet for putin selling out democracy for the sake of enriching yourself and your cronies #disgraceful #trumprussia
Typical FASCIST tactics. Attacking the free press. Pathetic FAKE PRESIDENT.
Diversion as usual.  Let's talk about Russia.
STOP IT...nobody reads that rag anymore and everybody knows that it is full of fake news.  Forget about it.
my Best président
They're not worse, but you're just as awful
And look at you!! Squinty eyes. Pudgy cheeks. A three year old sucking a lemon.
Think about how your approval rating is at 36% the worse in History 
Remember when the failing @POTUS and friends were investigated for treason? Sad!
With all due respect, Mr. President. Please stop complaining about the media. You have so many more important things to do.
Remember that time an incompetent, orange blowhard lied his way to being elected POTUS and tore our country apart?
LEMME GOOGLE THAT FOR YOU MR PREZ https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS690US693&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#q=new+york+times+stock+price& …*
I know facts are fake to you, but NYT is on the rise. Someone's failing, for sure, but it's not the NYT.
Oh Oh.. Your memory is failing bigly again Don 
Do you remember... 
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39435786 …
: Do you actually believe this, or do you just hope your base still doesn't know it's a lie?
- Remember when you called a New York Times journalist with news that you wanted put out the other day? Huh?
Only defense his supporters have of him is 2 compare 2 someone who holds no office. They voted for someone they can't articulate support 4
Why do you rant on about this and not just get to work?  You should be as anxious as we all are to get to the bottom of what Russia did.
At least they have more followers than you
When did you apologize to America for being wrong? You've had many opportunities.
What...Russia not going away?  Things going south in the WH?   Good luck bozo!
not true
Hey NYT...got something coming up? @realDonaldTrump seems to be combing over more bigly than he usually does. Sad?
Who will cut off the power to this YUGE MERRY-GO-ROUND? You are all we have SIR ... you are all we GOT! We BELIEVE! Go TRUMP Go!
So little Donnie pucker up! God, I look so presidential.
Stop tweeting, start leading. NYT legacy of truth and knowledge, yours will be of whining
Remember when executive orders were a sign of a failing president?
you don't know the definition of "failing," which actually explains a lot about you.
Freedom of the press needed to call out our dishonest president.  #TrumpLies #TrumpsAlternativeFacts #TrumpsInBedWithPutin
Remember when U have failed American people again & again with ur lies & deceit and U refused to apologize?
I totally agree. Sad they are so biased. It would be nice to see objective reporting. Not holding breath.
Nobody remembers this because it never happened. You just can't tell the truth. #LiarInChief #ImpeachTrump #sad
Russiagate will destroy ur companies, strip u of power & make u/ur family the subject of scorn for generations.
No, you're wrong as usual. Give it up with the NYT already. Their subscriptions have gone through the roof as well as the WSJ.
Remember when @realDonaldTrump failed to pass AHCA. And failed to write enforceable executive order against refugees.Sad lame duck
You're such a bad liar! You do know the rest of us can use the Internet too, right?
Hey, at least they apologize when they are wrong.  More than you have done.
You're fucked #russiagate #mrga
Hey Donny buy the New York Times then you can print anything you want even fake news
Trump: "Yes they have more subscribers and more influence and they'll get me soon. But that crossword? FAILING."
STOP WHINING AND GET SOME INFRASTRUCTURE DONE WILL YA
NYT, an obituary..
Remember when the failing President Trump apologized to the...oh that never happened. Failing yes. Apologize no.
Who are you trying to kid Don? BTW.. Manafort enjoying his suite at Trump Tower? 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/manafort-is-gone-but-his-business-associate-remains-a-key-part-of-trumps-operation/2017/03/22/6ecbaa96-0f0f-11e7-9b0d-d27c98455440_story.html?utm_term=.5a05b072b88e&tid=sm_tw …
Remember when that actually never happened? Because the rest of us do bruh
Um, no. I don't remember that. Actually, it never happened, except in your delusional mind. #dementia
Remember when Katy Walsh worked for you?
No, I don't remember that but here's what they actually printed https://youtu.be/EgffyL600Zo?t=12m20s … Why put out FAKE NEWS? #RewritingHistory
Remember how you said you were "only deporting the bad ones"?
These are the kinds of immigrants Steve Bannon and his ilk want gone, now. Despite all they do for Americans. http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/houston-texas/houston/article/Houston-immigrant-doctors-given-24-hours-to-leave-11040259.php?t=493cd1a1b8438d9cbb&cmpid=twitter-premium …
I remember that as clear as I remember the massacre at bowling Green.  #idiot
Liar. #resist #SpecialProsecutor #alternativefacts
1n 1979 @bbc along with left liberals and university campuses destroyed the shah & turned Iran to what it is now.Fake news, dishonest media
Anybody who'd read their garbage is in need of medical attn. @nytimes Useless/Fake
shouldn't you stop referring to the Times as the "failing" NY times? You sound like a child.
maybe because you never apologize when you're wrong.  BTW..aren't you supposed to be working?
I know, now they know they made a mistake since it's becoming more apparent the Republican Party won hook or crook
Fake news!
you mean the most reputable News with over 100 Pulitzer prizes?
Why don't you get John Miller to call them & set the record straight? #LoserPOTUS #VerySad
Cover-ups yes I would have to agree.People in early Alzheimer's are still trying to cover up their memory lapse and confusion needing family
remember ur self
All your whining about the media will not solve anything and is likely making you a bigger target. My mother always said ignore the haters.
Remember when the failing @realDonaldTrump apologized to the world because every word out of his mouth was so wrong? Me neither. Now worse!
Remind us again how big your hands are.
No matter what, I love you President Trump and support you through anything.
All They Have is Lies, Propaganda and Prepaid Fools To Spread Them Around!
