Then why are u doing everything you can to destroy this home we all love? For once in your privileged life, can't you can't you reach
Real heroes get their Purple Heart the hard way, not handed one @ a lame political rally.
Prove all these nay sayers wrong, Make America Great again. Also relieve that idiot in N. Korea if his powers, the military is waiting to go
Thank you to the brave service men & women. Freedom is not free. #PurpleHeartDay#USA
You're going to destroy us all and u know it.phony Mutherfucker..
You Trump haters are unbelievable. Thank God that criminal hillary isnt the President. What has he done to any of you people? NOTHING
@cindycopeland18 you better check your "facts" before you  speak. Just as @realDonaldTrump did with #charlottesville
What the hell are u talking about? President Trump spoke the truth. There is no room for ANY of rhe hate groups. u appear to be part of one?
I didn't mention anything about "hate". Obviously you know all about it...
People like you are so ignorant its extremely easy to dislike you. Trump hasnt broken one law or violated the constitution. Deal with it.
Other.We don't need a misguided sociopathic l ier  disgraceful womanizing  SONOFABITCH LIKE "YOU" . Dragging this great country into third
Out in a reasonable way in a reasonable tone except that u don't quite KNOW everything and just look at someone else's way,except that
Trump ' steeler's Lineman Villanueva admits its Only because N.F.L. is madd at TRUMP not because of racial injustice !!
Thank you so much for your service and to your families who make serious sacrifices  daily on our behalf.
This should include trans because they are men and women also.
On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA ht...
Please #MAGA and #GTFO of the Oval Office... for good. Please 
You don't deserve to say a single word about Purple Heart Day. You actively insult & work to destroy HC benefits for Veterans. #TRAITOR
Enjoy that Purple Heart that was gifted to you. Coward!
Yes! Thank you all for your service God bless you! 
Donald T the draft dodger!!!
Thank God that he put a Man in the White House who cares for our Brave Men and Women who have made it possible for us to worship freely!
We think of all the brave narcissists with bone spurs and VD who gave til it hurt.  Somebody else.
Take one for the team @POTUS and quit! ( you can't pardon yourself anyway)
Pretending to support our vets after disrespecting Sen. Blumenthal? Where were you during the Vietnam war? Soaking your poor achy feet?
Your Viet Nam? Fighting not to get STDs.   Your draft deferment?  Heel splints - which you lying POS did not keep you from playing sports.
Congratulations on your own hard won Purple Heart.
The post golf tweet. What did you shoot today? 
You sure seem to have a lot of free time on your hands today for a man who "isn't on vacation!"
Maybe you should put down your phone and step away from the computer, before someone gets hurt!
It's comical that all the attacks you have aimed toward the Clintons, it might be them who puts you behind bars
http://ir.net/news/politics/126613/report-bill-clinton-provide-testimony-trump-human-trafficking-case/ …
He who laughs last, laughs best and the Clintons are definitely going to laugh last!
Impeachment season is coming, followed by a long hard imprisonment!
You should be jailed!!
he is the only super hero of USA!!
he is going to MAGA!!! :)
Don't know how you keep going with all this liberal negativity, but hang in there. MAGA!
Thank you all for your service and keeping us safe. May God always watch over you.
Finally a President that supports our military.
Yes! I love it.
Oh, yes — no #POTUS has ever supported the military. Not even #Eisenhower.
Lets hear all you negatives that bash Trump
God bless you sir & thank you 4 supporting the brave men & women who sacrifice & have sacrificed 2 ensure our freedoms! 

Trump isn't really appreciating them, just saying it to make trump fans believe him.
#MAGA

GREAT to hear thank you
Yo #fullofshiticus, Your brother?
Actually, any day would be a good day for Melania to explain her visa and you release your hidden tax returns
Except for the ones who were captured??
Cx
Fire Mueller!
Fire Mueller, he was appointed based on a fake dossier, pd for by political opponents & a setup by a fired FBI chief. He is NOT independent.
What about the 3 marines that died today?
#DisgraceInChief #LiarInChief #LordDampnut
Yes bless them for their sacrifice not for America but for other countries and as for you Trumpsky you're on a hit list and it ain't Musical
Why haven't you mentioned the 3 who just died, you fucking traitor
Now give citizenship to abused illegals immigrants in D military...
Except the trans community of course #fuckingmuppet
They truly are what makes America Great!
Yep 
" I always wanted to get the Purple Heart.This was much easier" --- Draft Dodger in chief- trump
Says the man who dodged the draft.
Thankful for their service!
For the first time in 8 years, we have a President who shows that he cares about the Veterans with ACTION, not talk!
Where is his statement on the three missing Marines? I missed it.
Hire Andy McCarthy!
Jackie baby my dude my man! I can't believe u got married in another country and not USA. AMERICA FIRST AMERICA FIRST.
You've tweeted 9 times this AM. Still no mention of the Minnesota mosque bombing or the 3 Marines missing off the Australian coast.
God handed down the Golden Rule~ Do UNTO OTHERS what U want done UNTO U! So maybe muslims will stop yelling Allahu Akbar & killing people!
3 Years, 5 Months, 12 Days, 22 Hours, 56 Minutes, and 17 Seconds
Nope, 7.5 years to go followed by 200 years of GOP.
You know who has a Purple Heart?  Robert Mueller.
Do you know who will be your demise?  Robert Mueller!!!
BREAKING http://ir.net/news/politics/126613/report-bill-clinton-provide-testimony-trump-human-trafficking-case/ …
Payback is a b1tch!!!
And it's completely my head-on!!!
Here's why he's tweeting so much. Can't be outdoors I'm guessing 
Ohhh. Can't play golf. Throwing a fit
Yeah until tomorrow. It'll be overcast from what the weather app says. So he'll prob just gloat on twitter until Friday when it rains again
Thank you for caring, Mr. President!! #MAGA 
Then can you please help me get medical care I have a ruptured disc in my back the Va wants to play games please help me I'm in exstreampain
Someone's idea besides your egotistical opinions may be valid? 
You can't  because " your are flawed like all the rest of us.we need each
Thank you Mr. President
Except the 3 #goldstar families you've already insulted
World STATIS...SIR
It's a shame you dodged the draft #MrChump.

Why don't you thank our Vets by not cutting their benefits or sending them to die for phony PR/OIL/POWER wars which make your buddies rich?
Wonder how many of them were trans?
Keep up the fight Mr. President! Your support is as strong as ever sir.
Great job ! US WIN TERRORISM ALWAYS ! <3 =)
USA = Terrorist No.1
Watch out Trumpy the draft dodger might try to steal that Purple Heart

God bless our troops! Thank you for honoring them always!
... and you're just ITCHING to create more recipients, aren't you?
It's not possible to make everyone happy. America will fall like evey get nation before. Just a matter of time no one can stop it.
including Transgender?
Thanks for being such a tremendous president!
Unlike you, Mr. Deferment.
With Donald Trump too, for no apparent reason
Accolades from a tennis playing, bone-spur draft-dodger, such as yourself, mean little to America's real patriots.
How much $$$ did it cost your Dad to keep out of the service?
Nacho...is that you!?
Including John Kerry?? Didn't you famously state that he was not a hero because he got caught?
When he elects to leave after cleaning swamp.
#draftdodger 
#NotMyPresident 
#ObamaDidItBetter 
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW 
#RussiaCollusion

On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION "because I sure as hell didn't"!
unlike our draft dodging president. Why couldn't you serve again? Flat feet, or just cold ones?
From a draft-dodger, that doesn't mean much...
Thanks to everyone who served.
On #OrangeHeadDay I watch a draft dodger play up to all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA
There are transgendered who have served and sacrificed while you avoided the draft. Can't you see how hypocritical you are? Nice photo op.
Thank you
Yessss !
Trump the Draft Dodger
Donald Trump Vietnam Draft Doc: Trump deferred from the draft 5 times—4 times using his College, 1 time for bad feet.…
Only 7.5 more years.
Is this the fella you congratulated? Lol
.@POTUS not fit to touch a veteran! Draft dodging punk thought his life more important than those who served!
Thank you for saying that. God bless you!
How are your bone spurs?
Since you're a draft dodger who managed to not sacrifice anything
Is this attention to service men is because you never served?
Why didn't you wear yours?
except for #pow McCain the dead son of the #KHAN gold family n Senator Blumenthal or any1 who does not belong 2 #Cult45
Amen!
Not to make this about what it's not, but your hand looks super small in this picture. #SAD
Yet you stayed home....Draft dodger
What about if your last name was Khan
You called sufferers of PTSD " unable to handle it".  You cut funding for mental health and suicide prevention.
isnt that the guy he congratulated for getting the purple heart? who in the fuck congratulates a purple heart recipient?
We have nothing to thank Trump for,his bone spurs(money) kept him out of the military. Once a liar,always a liar.Trump has never sacrificed
I wonder if President Pence got a deferment for bad feet?
You look so happy in this photo, along with the person you you are posing with. You are just both so happy.
Fuck Trump
Unless they were pow's.
purpleheartday?/
Yep criticized Blumenthal and John McCain re: service but you DID NOT serve like MY FAMILY did in WWII and Vietnam. Shame!
Like you thanked @SenJohnMcCain for his service and the bravery he showed under enemy captivity. Comments like this make you less believable
You have insulted and demeaned so many of our veterans when you didn't even have the courage to serve. Your words, as usual, are empty.
Hello mam  how are you? I want to take a advice from you plz about sports cricket ??
So long as your straight. LGBTQ hearts are already purple.
Thank you for your support vets
Yes. Well said.

We love you @realDonaldTrump! Thank you for #MakingAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you to our hero & to everyone who served past, present, future
Except John McCain obviously

Unless your trans.
Just not the LGBQ Officers.
Citizens of this nation, do you beleive you have fair representation for the taxes you pay???Take a look back in history and face reality!!!
Purple Heart Day IS irrelevant.
Apparently that excludes trans men and women to you
شكراً
Great Picture with a Vet.   You didn't serve - Prez Donald you dodged the draft - looser.
You are the man
Oh but I thought you didn't like people who were captured. What about all the pows
LEFT-SOROS-OBL PLANNING OVERTHROW OF ISRAEL.
REPORT STARTS AT 9-00 MARK:
God bless you for all you do!
This picture speaks VOLUMES! Look at the expression on your face. You couldn't be more disgusted.
So, does this post include trans vets?
Look at the coward draft dodger

Except the transgender ones, right?  #hypocrite #YouDontKnowWhatYoureDoing
Donald Trump you have made our country a laughing stock of the world
The rest of us do, too. Do you still have the one YOU DIDN'T EARN? Respect is not in your vocabulary.
You have the best and good thoughts

Amen
My Grandfather received a Purple Heart honor after what he did during WW2. He was also part of MJ12. He was #9
Unless you have been captured. Trump don't like people who have been captured. Remember? You are such a hypocrite! #TheResistanceBackAround

