The worst trade deal our country has ever made was trading our future for you being elected president.
He was elected.... handedly
That looks like a map you see in a movie showing the spread of a deadly disease... I suppose that fitting..
Fortunately for the sake of the republic thats what a defeat of liberalism looks like. Enjoy!
He lost New York. Where in the blue hell did you get that map from?
#alternativefacts and #alternativereality lol
Lol


How about Ending the Federal Reserve #EndTheFed
How about that trade deal that Japan and EU made? It creates the biggest open economic area. They're sending a message to you!
They made trade deals that lined their pockets (bill & Hillary made 233 million)companies closed that couldn't compete!
You are right, buy american!
Because deals were done are out of compliance & they don't want to give up 85% equity to the US? Because we aren't helping them either?
Because they don't want guns?
Because they have to report & register their contracts w/their gov & be transparent &US doesn't have to report
Because it is an opportunity to help them?
HELP?! I don't believe that's a real word? #fakewords the only words I know are Compete and Hate!
Why would we want to "help" another country, it's not like we live on a globe where success in one country might benefit another!
It's infallible advice. Wisdom must be accepted without question or she will) find another to bless.
The real problem is off shoring American Jobs and manufacturing which happens currently with protectionism, #LockheedMartin F16 to India..
#Lockheed can then sell the F16 directly from India via their #freetrade zone, passing ur protectionism, as will others if u simply cut tax.
So,  #taxcuts should be contingent on U. S.  business hiring U. S.  Labor and manufacturing in USA.  Let small business form up replace if.?
Can you even make one deal??? You're isolating USA and destroying all trade! Quit tweeting and start dealing!
Please name some of the countries!
Say bye bye to being a world leader. China has already taken the lead in east & Germany for western nations
prayn for your safety.
#SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure
You are right. OMG Bill Clinton Selling the uranium to the Russian. Obama giving    to Iran Regime. The other ones?
Some BUTTHURT liberals just can't stop crying ! There is hope though. More Obama converts to trump everyday.  Media has helped that
Actually, the United States made some of the best deals for GLOBAL trade, which stabilised countries and benefited USA and EVERYONE.
Obama was hell bent on the destruction of America.  Thank GOD for President Donald Trump.
You sir, are the worst deal America has ever made!
Details, please.
That's just it Mr.@POTUS America shouldn't have been involved in these deals to begin with! #EndNow You have  Americas support! #MAGA
Well, what are you doing about it? If you feel that way then start negotiations. You're all talk and no action!
You've alienated our allies so already at a disadvantage in any negotiation. Why would they work with you now the way you've treated them?
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Something a narcissist wouldn't understand. #25thAmendmentNOW
Yes you can, now is the beginning of the  
American downfall, good job old man.
I don't like u, but I like ur selfishness in trying of Obsession,  occupancy, ownership, possession things around for ur country
These so called allies haven't helped us ever in our natural disasters or attacks on this beautiful country! What are we hoping for?
Mr.Trump, Please ask FBI to help us to find the missing Chinese girl , YingYing Zhang, quickly. Please make USA safe again.
The Lord helps those who help themselves.
That much common sense is going to have Libs spinning their heads.
たまあまか
The worst thing America did was to elect you!!!! #25AmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident
#ري_استارت #G20
Jeez. It's almost like you'd be able to do something about that since you're the president you dumb ass!
Absolutely!!
Because we are part of the world?

Do something good, really good, that we can believe in, then. Really ggod.  Much much better than China vis a vis NK. Make it Transparent 2
possibly because we have the largest economy on the planet, maybe they want us to help them?
That is as they say, "The Art of The Deal!"
I agree 100%if they're not for us they're against us
EU snd Japan made landmark deal and left USA out.  You will ruin USA
BAAAAAAAM TAKE THAT TO THE BANK LOVE MY PRESIDENT
As trade deals perhaps but the powerful are supposed to help the less powerful a concept which is way beyond your comprehension.
How can USA  wealth be redistributed if BAD trade deals cease 2 exists? TY #POTUS!  Prayers for protection!

Wait till you need some help. You'll find out.
I have to believe that trump's blame game isn't helping anyone. He should move on to solutions and not talk about the past!
Like you are qualified to analyze the complex deals we have in place.  Plz resign
REMINDER:  Donald J. Trump  AND his campaign are, IN FACT, under FBI investigation for Obstruction & Russian collusion. #25thAmmendmentNow
#25AmendmentNOW
No no no you are a great business man and now our leader you know what makes good deals and not, my trust is in you!

First, they are NOT the worst trade deals.  Secondly, what part of the word "allies" do you have trouble with?
Well then again some Americans voted for you. Kinda balances the stupidity. Hi @DGAYREPUBLICAN
You are a smart compassionate guy @GILBERT_ECH take the time and read this.
You know I was not referring to you as one of the stupid ones. In my eyes @POTUS is nothing but I dip shit. To much ego. Lv you D.
Keep tweeting Donny! Let the World knows you are here to change the game!The only thing Obama did was put his feet on top of the desk! 
Who is Milania banging nowadays?
The United States made some of the worst votes in world history.
Genau! Dieses blöde Wahlvolk sollte am besten gar nicht mehr zu Wort kommen!
Like the 3.8 Billion a year to Israel. The US pays for their free health insurance and they have even attack US. #USS_LIBERTY
You can't stand that Obama is/was a better president, a better man. With obstruction, treason, & 25th AMD on your mind, fun just started!
And the worst was YOU and your family's collusion with Russial #Trumprussiangangmustbestopped
We should not continue them.
Payola and lobbyists line the pockets of DEMS & REPS.
Idk your the one who seals the deals mr president
They seemed to have helped you  just fine... making millions off of tie sales, your daughters clothing line sales, how much do you import?
....says the moron that thinks Putin wants to help him. #25thAmendmentNow
They do help us !!! America is losing its leadership in the world so you can make yourself richer...

Fix it! Undo all that Obama & Clinton has done to us behind closed doors!They sold us out 4 their own prestige & lined their pockets! #MAGA
Mr. President, would you please come back home and be our Law and Order Leader.  We need some order here.  Please?
Exactly!!!
We shouldn't!! Invest where there are returns , or in true allies .
Talk to The news media or somebody or you hiding something
Nice punctuation.
It's proper to put a space after the period
Ya, about those 6 bankruptcies...
Foreign policy to you us about what you can sell. You know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
You are one of the worst President in world history. Stop thinking you are making this country better.
Because the Lord who is on the Throne of Grace Will help you. Why worry Mr. President when you can PRAY
This is to ezy for me sire
Aid to Poland seems more acceptable than to nations who will turn on US.
Very good question Mr. President. Why do we continue?
Ah yes, removing ourselves from the global economy is the answer to all of our woes 
Simple: because you always have to pay if you want to get something. Or go to jail for robbery - or get bankrupt- this was your field

Learn to be a president
It's clear you've never actually had to negotiate a deal. You just refuse to pay people. You're out of your element. Everyone knows it.
Please help the shrimpers
Don't worry,China and Europe will be filling the trade void you are creating on trade.
Americans totally agree, POTUS. They expect handouts, for us to always pay and foot the bills. NO MORE. Time for new deals!
As a NAFTA victim I say Hell No 
So, you want 'help' now? I thought only 'YOU ALONE' could fix the system? What a joke.  #PleaseResign #LiarInChief #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
You said it Donald, bring our wealth and jobs home from China.
politics are not "Art of the Deal"; if this isn't the gig for u feel free to quit #Sad
Like any other form of welfare, USA's aid to foriegn governments who have not earned it produces only resentfulness in the recipients.
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#IllegitimatePresident
#TrumpLies
#TrumpCrimes
#TrumpPutin
#TrumpMafia
He is my President! How fantastic to have a Pr. Who didn't go to ask forgiveness but to raise the pride of be an American.
The haters want to be winners but aren't so they like to hang out w/ winners to feel better about themselves. LOL
They will do deals with the rest of the world and leave us behind. We will lose jobs,influence, power and standing. That will be your fault.
We need YOU to MAKE DEALS GREAT AGAIN for USA.
Made worst trade deals! What did you expect from libtraitors to the USA and WTP, Evil at work sorosknights wanting to collapse our country.
Do you have all the facts? Are you frustrated because it did not involve the Trump business?  All your illegal dealings will be announced.
True, so true. End & restructure the deals.
NOT!!! And please..arrest Obama NOW..LOGAN ACT AND HILLARY ....FOR TOO MANY CRIMES.. MURDER WOULD BE GOOD!! TAKE THEM OUT NOW!!!
100% Right!
Worst trade deal ever... Obama for trump. #fail
Why would you be a good president? Oh wait, you won't because your too worried about twitter than the country
Poor Trump
Because Putin's kiss is on your lips
DT made some of the worst Deals in world history. Why did he continue these deals with Russia and other countries that are not our allies?
Real question is why stupid people believe that YOU a con man & failed businessman will in any way be good for the country & help us?
Is the only news thats not "fake" your fox buddies? is it only fake if its not in your favor? that a crybaby. take the good w bad fatso.
It's a two way street you twit!
Thank you Mr @POTUS
Don't always feel so sorry for yourselves !
Another question to ask is: Why do we give money to countries that hate us?
They are our allies! You sound like the entitled millennials you talk so much about
Because they are law. Please take political science 101, please, for the love of god!
坐等川主席来解放我们这些邪恶赤色独裁统治下的人们
Ummm, @realDonaldTrump...you don't even help us. Well you help dumb have a more prominent meaning in Websters. #thisguyisanidot
You're only going to make it worse so leave the trade deals to the experts and stay out of it.
@realDonaldTrump trade agmts. like NAFTA may take away MfG jobs but bring logistic jobs and stimulate state&local economies along the border
You are a joke,a bad joke as president. A total embarrassment, please step down before you disgrace us any further.
We shouldn't so lets don't!!!
True. How abt Pakis?
Because they have helped your economy grow and continue to do so...
Not
We should NOT.!.!.!.!
China has already side stepped your idiocy and assumed the world's leadership role. You've reduced America to a 2nd tier power.
You really need to spend time  researching your  history  instead on social  media. Focus on your  job  and stop being so negative.
'Murica first, right? What's your next bright idea or big plan? Do you even have any ideas?
If "they" are not on our side, ERGO, they will turn against us in a wink of an eye!! Build-up military and let's see who BLINKS FIRST!!
I dont know how USA citizen accept that from  you / every day you have a different opinion  leave GCC countries alone

You couldn't even negotiate ownership of @DonaldJTrump, let alone better trade deals.
You're the best worst American president in US world history, ever.
You continue these deals with Saudi to restrict Qatar!
We shouldn't continue Mr President 
Because you make the worst deals in history. You've been bankrupt how many times. Keep your carrot nose out of EVERYTHING.
Because they are our allies.  Look at the big picture, I know that is hard but being president is hard.
Stand strong and beware of the globalist elite! We're praying for you and your family! America 1st!!! #MAGA #CNNisFAKEnews
Because a happy, friendly world depends on it!  It's not always about the bottom line, Mr. Trump.  It's about relationship-building!
You're only saying that so you and your family can extract deals for yourselves. So much for country first
Said the worst president ever
This isn't a real question right?
You're not clear on the concept of diplomacy, are you? You realize US dwarfs nearly every other economy, right? #Resist #ResistTrump
Fix those deals make these Europeans limp noodles pay their fair share and stop taxing the American middle class SOO DAMN MUCH!!
It Was Criminal Intent By Globalists Soros Obama And Others To Put America Further In Debt!..
Your ignorance of political systems does not mean that we got a bad deal

lmao that's so rude
Yes, the U.S has made some really DUMB DECISIONS like the Civil war or invading Iraq. But the worst day in our history yet; November 9, 2016

Plan A: Step 1 - Delete your Twitter account. Step 2 - Let the pros do their work. Step 3 - Take credit. Plan B: #resign #G20 #NorthKorea
China for 1 they didn't help with N Korea don't kid yourself put the pressure on their banking money talks BS walks if that don't work MOABX
@POTUS is smart to take a " line item review" of why USA is in such debt.  Great Speech in Poland as to why we have same values with them.
Better than going bankrupt ... very sad business person to brag
Please enlighten us with your vast wisdom of trade.. Please explain in detail what trade deals are bad & why.. OK GO
انت ابليسسس او ايش  اول يازره لك للخليج نكبته وخليتهم يتصاربو  اكبر عليك 
I'm pretty sure you can fix it Mr. president
Amen !
WE SHOULD NOT!! BE TOUGH
You are the absolute worst deal the USA has EVER made POSPOTUS!
#Israel
Yeah. Why are U still in bed with China? Oh I forgot. They manufacture HP computers, certain smartphones we all use for tweeting...
You mean like weapons deals with Saudi after you banned majority Muslim countries from the US for safety? Where did the 911 folks come from?
why don't we put a wall around the entire country. No one in, no one out. We trade because they are our allies. we will need their help.
@leggioluciano Da una mano i dollari. Da l'altra la merce.
#WatergateWithRussianDressing  
#WhoVettedMelania ? 
#TrumpCrimeFamily  
#RussiasUsefulIdiot
What don't you figure it out? Are you unable to? Not used to having presidents ask for help running the government through an app.
That deal where we traded that black guy for you was pretty bad. We got screwed.
Visiting holocaust museum and heard people saying "learn from our mistakes so this will never happen again.". met a syrian refugee who is a
who are persecuted unimaginably.....
You are a genious at dealing Mr President I am a big fan of yours wish you  come to my country Guatemala
