NyState teachers union passing out anti trump and devos flyers TO students is that legal?
tired of news attacking you illegal immigrants why isn't the news reporting they steal the elderly Social Security numbers
and when they fill out their w2z put independent so they don't pay taxes
Going for unification, I like it Mr President!!!!
your BS.  Why do you insist on insulting our justice dept?  Your executive orders are ill conceived and full of flaws.  Do
that no one else knows? I think our law enforcement people are smarter than you give them credit for.  They see right thru
I voted for you and need help obamacare gives me I have many medications and surgeries I am very worried, without ACA Idie
well Chris, I guess what you really voted for.. was your death. I don't u'stand, but hope you are ok.
thanks but I actually voted for Hillary and my health issues are not life-threatening doing a social experiment
fair enough, make sure you include accountability as one of your factors.
wellI 2dqfel23kw120th pwqwqqpqpllqlqlqlqlqllwlqllqqqqllqqqqkqq11kkkkkkk1kkkkkkk1kkkkkkkkkkkkqklqwL22
Have you considered hiring Snowden back?  Full pardon for 8 years of full-time SVC to you? Good deal? Obama did it wrong.
the "increase" in murders in the US. I didn't know you are the all time "poll" predictor.  What do you know about
time to remember that we don't have to put up with your childish tweets/ bs actions. You work for us not President Bannon
the terror threat
I'm sitting here listening to your "Law Enforcement" speech.  Do you really think your audience believes your lies about
I have donation my taxes 
For the muro


por favor no deje meter al socialismo en América Latina ellos s han entrado atravez de mentiras y de compra de los medios
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/501554/&ved=0ahUKEwiDhpnUpuPRAhUIbiYKHTE1CE0QFgjPATAb&usg=AFQjCNFFexNZPDuyhnm2tcBNPoNGMOokaA&sig2=LXYGjz3vzVUqbuKbkBG-Yw …
Let me know if you need a good Heavy Equipment Operator down on that Wall . Willing to give you 6 Months :)
Why build a wall? Most Mexicans want to be in America so take Mexico as 51st state, have Panama Canal as NEW Boarder?
Facebook kicked me off, because I wasn't who I said was.
yeah! Bleeding Blood that many will no longer have health care for! Thanks for that - you are so disappointing.
Good job Mr. Trump!
Funny.
A non-racist, respectful-of-soldier type of statement made by your staff,
as they tirelessly delete FB naysayers, & pay fake FBs.
Stop begging for followers. Ur humiliating yourself.  But I can't look away.  Sad!  #Indivisible #DumpTrump #Resist #TrumpTaxesMarch
you do realize that even non-patriots bleed red blood, too, right? This doesn't even make sense. Say something not stupid.
I love u
that was a great speech
WOW!! That crowd is smaller than I  thought it was! Great comparison from President Obama's 2009 photo to trump's!  LOL!
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
pobre
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
I'm gay and I want to be married. I feel ignored by you and your administration.
Never heard of stupid since W. Never feared since 41.
How much does your daughter cost?
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
it's time to remember how quickly 2 years can go by.  that's when impeachment will begin in earnest.
God must have used the face warp app to make you
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
Just because you have one doesn’t mean you need to act like one.
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
: 
Says the man who has no clue on the difference between patriotism and crony loyalty!
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
Yo momma was like a racecar driver. She burns lots of rubbers!
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.

Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
VideoGameTiger
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
I may love to shop but I’m not buying your bull.
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
About as sharp as a shoelace
Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
