No we all know u didn't act fast enough. We're reacting to YOUR failure. And u just can't take that criticism. #sad
I just watched the fed gov corp jet crowd line up for their daily exit from the island. Five primo jets in a row. They don't stay the night.
I hope you know that Obama & Biden are being invited by people around the world to clean the bad image of US you've created. You're a clown!
#FakeNews from #DishonestJTrump he’s just mad bc he was called out for his late response and delayed interest in the American people in PR.
Don’t you think it’s appropriate that fake news covers a fake president #paleimitation
People on an island should have a plan.
The so called ‘fake news networks’ are in PR looking at the devastation. You’re sitting on your thunderbucket tweeting like a lunatic!!!
The only news that's fake is the news that says the majority of people like you
If you can't take the heat - stay out of the White House. These are OUR first amendment rights. Do better #takeaknee #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Not true
#MSM is only Bringing Conservative Out of the Woods! 2018 will be a slaughter for Libs/Dems
Even pence is better than you! And that’s not saying a whole hell of a lot.
It would be great if just once you took responsibility for your own actions instead of blaming someone else.
The only person bringing down our soldiers and first responders is YOU. You are an embarrassment to our country.

#ResignTrump
People are in need, they are in a desperate situation and are dying, and all you can do is make this about you. What a disgrace.
CNN and the lunitic Liberals are knee deep in their own crap. Filthy rats choking on it
Omg .Everything is Fake News to you.Stop using our soldiers for your fake patriotism &I hope God forgives for urTotalCallousenessToP.R.
and what about YOUR tweets..  what are they doing
You are crazy! Quit talking about fake news... nobody cares about that! Start accomplishing good things in Puerto Rico. All talk, no action!
Nothing can shake the spirit of American military.
It's NOT fake news, it's reporting the sad truth that Fake President doesn't give a shit about PR!
Your comments about San Juan play on the stereotype that Latinos think they're entitled. These are Americans in need and you resort to this?
keep lying Donnie. The world has you figured out now. You're more vile than we even expected.
Real news here. Where is Trump? ON VACATION!
THIS is what true leadership looks like. San Juan, Puerto Rico mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz wading through the waters in search of Puerto Ricans needing help. Fake (pretend??) leaders are playing golf at their own golf…
The Trump LIES Network is working overtime to try & sell the LIE that everything is going fine in PR. Never forget: #TRUMPLIES
Have been impeached in the first place...you wont see 8 years...the rat on your head could have ran the country better...#ImpeachTrump

The Mayor's sleeping on a cot. Trump's golfing. https://twitter.com/mikel_jollett/status/914122078646804480 …
You need to pry yourself away from the television and stop obsessing over your fragile, fragile ego. #ToddlerInChief
You have hit a new low. Critisizing San Juan mayor while her people are dying from your slow response.  I guess you really hate brown people
If that's true they don't have to work hard. You provide so much material
While fake POTU$ watches Fox News at his luxury re$ort. That a$$hole sure whines a lot.
Are you talking about Puerto Rico the island? The one and only island surrounded by water?
Your director of FEMA should be replaced immediately
America sacrificed lives & Treasure to stop genocide against Muslims former Yugoslavia.if Trump had been President Thousands would have died
America is the beacon of freedom, liberty, democracy and hope. Trump embodies hate, racism and fear. How many ppl will die b/c of this man.
Apparently your general is working with this fake news outlets?!
We are working overtime to tell the REAL Story, @realDonaldTrump that you have whitewashed https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/914099295963553792 …
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!

Trump and surrogates blaming Puerto Rico gov mismanagement for debt crisis, but Trump himself couldn't turn around a golf course there https://twitter.com/khanoisseur/status/912368086287753216 …
1) 
Dot connection, at the same time that Obama pulled the US & global back from a depression, DJT couldn't even turn around a golf course.
You are brainwashed by the fake news! Obama caused a depression! Not even 1% growth is more like going backwards!
Either study economics, or keep parroting Fox & make a fool of yourself.
Progressive left and economics that’s a good one!
Sunni, my brother works in international finance, as did my father after retiring an Army Colonel.  You?
The REAL story here is that the #FakePresident is NOT working on #PuertoRicoCrisis & is taking their spirit away! #POC #Obvious #Impeach
 This the picture that should be forever in the history books...this man is a criminal!
I would have added "dereliction of duty" to the list of crimes.
Yes...a total dereliction of duty...believes military members can be Court martialed for such...why not president...Commander-in-Chief/Thief
Liar-in-chief.....
Could also be liar-in-thief...he is fleecing this country for all it worth! This president "gig" was always about the $$$ anyway!
You were golfing. That's the truth. Tweeting and stuffing your face with two scoops. 
Own the mistakes you've made instead of blaming others

My #PuertoRico Army Friends have served, died are serving America. @realDonaldTrump DISHONORED them & their family saying 'help yourself'
Maj Jefferson I respectfully disagree. POTUS dishonored America with his "help yourself " reaction. We deserve and ARE better than this.
Hey Love. Lost in translation.  Read again, and my other tweets and you'll see we agree.  We are saying the same
No maam. We agree, no doubt. I refuse to believe that a person with no honor can dishonor those who do.
Right. His words as the CinC will damage morale. Blast Americans, you blast the citizen Soldiers within. There are reservist who live there
I have friends...coworkers...people who have embraced me and shown me love from there. No amount of BS will change my respect for mi gente
My family and Army Brother and Sisters are there & Virgin Island.  I've stayed in touch when it was positive it would hit. But lost commo
You know, I am convinced that the crazier he gets- the closer Mueller must be getting. Russia is a big motivator in his actions. Despite all
Keep it up Mr. President! We know the truth! Print shops in Puerto Rico or open… Right!
This VIDEO is not FAKE. It's REAL. YOU are a LIAR.
as she stands in front of palets and palets, as far back as one can see, of supplies....

THIS is what true leadership looks like. San Juan, Puerto Rico mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz wading through the waters in search of Puerto Ricans needing help. Fake (pretend??) leaders are playing golf at their own golf…
Shame on you for playing golf when these people need help.  Shame on you for trashing PR in their time of need. SHAME!
Don’t you feel silly now?
About what? Having been thrown with paper towels? Being told that we are costing the a lot of US money? Only 16 died? 
Trump stop whining. Nut up be a man. Wipe your nose and get to work...
Why do u keep bringing this shit up they r exercising their free speech law u know the ones that the United States have there r more
Don! I can not believe you, you can't see passed your own mirror!
#SoDisrespectful Shows no respect to the land 
You should get your generals to corroborate your lies before telling them. I know your fan base doesn't fact check but the rest of us do.
We know them dems are working hard! https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1320015924794123/ …
You're clueless sir. Again.
yeah like they can watch tv with now power #moron
You realize that by tweeting constantly about Puerto Rico it's obvious that you're not actually doing anything to solve the problems there?
You should work toward solving problems, not managing public relations...
How's the golfing going? Hey many ppl in Puerto Rico don't have any food and water. You got food and water? #FakePresident
keep up the good work that is why we voted for you
"18 tweets. 11 hours. Full of blame, anger and victimhood. Totally devoid of hope, inspiration or unity.

This is Trumpism."
Dumbest president ever... In the literal low IQ sense.
Then shut up and go to sleep.
Calling BS
clinyon still on the prowle??????
I hope so, Little Fingers.
Puerto Rico is a disaster and people are in need while POTUS is out golfing with his cronies leadership while the empire is burning
Yes. I'm sure that's the goal, Don. "Let's show these ppl working hard to do what they can. That'll make Trump look bad!". You're paranoid.
Eventually they will reap what they sow!
The real news is taking away the spirit from the soldiers! They rightfully criticise you for slow response to an urgent crisis! 
MR.PRESIDENT TRUMP YOU THE BEST KEEP DOING WHAT YOU PROMISED WE VOTE FOR THAT Y MUCHAS GRACIAS POR LA AYUDA A MIS HERMANOS BORICUAS GOD a PR
Mr President.....enough with the fake news man come on.
You are the only one taking people's spirit away by thinking everything is about you and attacking the very people you should be supporting.
Grow up already. Our media (not Fox News) is reporting the truth. Someone should take your phone away.
PR needs to grab ahold of their minds and not be jealous. They r not president. Find some drivers to move the supplies. Help themselves.
Was this before you started golfing today? Or just after the front 9?
You are the biggest #fakenews pusher!!! You are!! Just like Hitler and his big lie theory!! Look it up. It's I. The history books!! #shame
The only one pushing the so called "fake news" narrative is you, @realDonaldTrump!!
It's your words
You are A very sad person. Please get some.
You guys cause these problems just like 9/11
Trump could shine if he mobilized people and supplies needed for PR and our other Caribbean  territories. Less talk - more action. HELP!!!
Americans are done with your fake news bullsh*t. Soldiers and FR's are begging for more help. This IS your Katrina. Worst president ever!
What did the "fake news" ever do to you, there are people and CHILDREN who are suffering from this disaster. Do you not care about what they
Our FR and GI's in PR need more reinforcements and supplies. They are doing their best but more is needed NOW!!!
Sir, this is a toddler in Texas saying the pledge of allegiance. It's beautiful, isn't it???
I dunno. She doesn’t have her hand over her heart.  I guess she must be disrespectful.
Do you post all this stuff just to make yourself feel good or try to make yourself look good? Any1 with a brain know you're full of 
You had 0 twts on how fellow Americans could help PR, all were about u. @ShaunKing @BarackObama both had links for donations #LeadByExample
Why would first responders be watching news as they're responding?!? These men & women are doing work, not worried about optics!! #ResignNow
Ur solders? U r going to send ur solders to die Because of Saudis & Netanyahu!
No shame on you and your non-efforts for Puerto Rico
BS...you're the one taking the spirit away from not only Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, but all of America with your divisiveness! BAD
Naw. That’s all you. We the people know that fake news is the rubbish that comes out of your mouth. Resign.
You should be ashamed for Constantly Lying to the American people
Trump generates FAKE NEWS ...... AGAIN
What world do you live in? Did you hear what you have been saying to them? No compassion, and complaining about how much it will cost.

You're working overtime to try and salvage your practically non existent reputation because you spent your time golfing.
Arrest this traitor for not complying in a disaster! https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fredstatewatcher.com%2Farticle.asp%3Fid%3D97567&h=ATP2R6B-Hr1cqqb3z3_SRJcsiroEsa11WSkEfcyn4ypXjeG_8ZBI1RS-sTe_Ch0ZMLbJGX3vOrToyqO4_LZvDNrNpP-Epw3nbBLTRqfetEY6&s=1&enc=AZMQExgtzyl5mtHk8fQchbmgyidvQ7p2uwQxJOUXxDAtxze0EetqDvmwSN3-dwoueDGnnqF4cPNY5QLyM1aYvhIq5gVNzNUGaDa0zpWUxedOfg …
The only Fake is Donald Trump
No just the hurricane passed the broom for Puerto Rico, a lot of evil tongues are finishing the devastation with us
No one's blaming the troops on the ground so the deflection will not work. The buck stops with you #DOTARD. Take responsibility  for once.
This is how the fake news is dismantling our country presented in detail directly from the KGB! Watch now!
God admit! Someone in the @WhiteHouse needs to take the idiots phone away from him! Is everyone cluessless?!
Is anyone surprised that the fake news is trying to undercut the efforts of the military and first responders?
Fake News not telling about truckers not allowed to deliver the supplies that are there.
We re behind all of you GO TRUMP
Fake News claims from Mr Faux Donald
YOU should be Ashamed for groping Woman Cheating on all Three of your wives looking at people of color as not equal to Whites
THEY AREN'T DISSING THEM AT ALL! THEY'RE DISSING YOU FOR LETTING A WEEK GO BY BEFORE U TOOK ACTION! YOUR PRIORITIES ARE F..D UP! NFL ISN'T!
Fake News People are Fake Americans.
Are you kidding me? The island is destroyed & your calling it fake news? Have you looked at news footage out of PR? No you were to busy throwing paper towels & flashlights yelling you don’t need these anymore! Where is the National guard? Most of these towns you can’t get to
You are the biggest failure.
Still using third-grade arguments as a defense for your ineptitude...nice.
What exactly is "fake news" I keep hearing about it. Excuse me for my lack of knowledge on this subject..How long has this been going on?
Only ones working overtime are the Russian bots that support you!
Help so late but our worker ARE great while Lame Duck Donald plays day 67 golf and say let them eat cake
How was golf my relatives in San Juan need help to live!!!!
Shame? Shame on you for treating this disaster so poorly. Shame on you for preaching your Fake News lies over and over. #WeDeserveBetter
#GoFuckYourself
Do you really believe the shit you tweet? The problem sir is you.
PR is grateful for the help & support of all the military and responders. You are the one on Twitter! All are working together.  UNITE!
You are doing your BEST TO DESTROY EVERYTHING.
Your failure to act appropriately and verbal attacks on American citizens you are sworn to protect disrespects the military you sent to help
Fake News = true reporting of what you do. Don't like it? Start acting like a responsible adult and they'll print that truth too.
Dude, you got called out by a Breitbart reporter on Fox News. When they if all people are calling you out on your horseshit you've issues.
Guess you don't believe in the lord. If he's for real his opposite seems to be waiting for you Donnie. Tweets US allows he won't
YOU are the fakest of them all Donny. #dotardofcovfefe
We always can tell fake news simply by 45 opening his mouth.
#FakePresident #FakeBusinessMan #FakeChristian. The only thing real about you is how incredibly dumb and racist you are #PuertoRico
"Shut down that Twitter account and open up your heart" - Rep Luis Gutierrez
You are the worst president in the history of the USA!
You’re doing a fine job of that by yourself. You don’t need the media’s help.
If you can’t take criticism, #RESIGN MOTHER FUCKER
Your Absolutely Right Sir, Oh My God Craziness.
# youshouldbeashmed At the time the mayor struggles with great loss you sit at your golf course on your gold throne and criticize!
It's not about soliders, it's about our Puerto Rican Americans. what's fake is your view on reality!
It's ok Mr President! There are 65,000,000 of us who aren't watching the GARBAGE on CNN, MSNBC, NBC, CBS, and ABC. All lies & PROPAGANDA!!
Always finish a tweet with a!

they have no electricity. Only fake news is in your head.  Grow up- you  a do it.
The pictures are not fake. You can't face your own failure.
Don't like the competition?
The problem with Puerto Rico is their  government was unprepared.  The island has been mismanaged for years, and they're bankrupt.
idiot!
You picked a loser. Just like almost half our country did when they voted for you. You're getting closer to your base every day.
History Shall Forever BRAND YOU the HATER IN CHIEF THE LIER IN CHIEF. AND THE WORST EXAMPLE OF A PRESIDENT EVER
While you attempt to whitewash your own shit show, ask yourself this - how can a region without power or phones watch or hear any kind of news? At least it means they'll be deaf to you for a while.
Can you just put the phone down and try to ACT presidential even though you have no inkling what that means?!? Perhaps open up a dictionary?
Complainers do not think where the money is coming from Help=Money???
#PuertoRico 1,052 deaths on your watch.  @rogueFEMA @chefjoseandres
the menandwomen working for the people of PR are not allowing the liberal agenda affect them ,they are TRUMP strong !!!!
Notice how you said "in Puerto Rico"...if the Fake News can get there why the hell can't any assistance?
yes a SHAME
I think God you are our president and HilLIARy will disappear into the abyss
Taken St Croix by Caribbean Buzz Helicopters. PR needs help!!!

I’m sick of all the Fake News!!! It’s been going on too long!
Unlike you who couldn't stay in PR for several days and found PR OK when in fact they are not! You didn't visit the worse parts of PR.
You are the fake news
Without the free press, there is no free country.  Yeah you would have control of news, sounds like you want to be a dictator.  You won't stop the press. We won't let you.
Dems, Rhinos & political elites have no shame. We will vote them out in 2018/20 Mr. President & get you representatives you can work with'
The military is contradicting everything you say! You are a piece of shit! #FakePresident #RussianBitch

A 3 star gen. on the ground in PR said enough isn't being done but you attack a woman mayor begging for help for American citizens?! #Shame
