Amazing isn't it. Time to clean house no different than Bill Clinton in the 90's. Let the libs kick and scream. We are seeing through it
There must be Bathrooms every two feet in D.C., you can Leak anywhere in the City.
And the problem is
Bet kushner requested it. Bet he saw it. Dance clown boy, dance.
These should be imprisoned.  Others have been for lesser crimes against their country.
Who's the mole???
America stands W/YOU President Trump!  Isaiah 54:17 NO WEAPON formed against YOU  (President Trump) shall prosper! 2 scoops icecream, cheers
https://powerglobal.us/2017/06/07/au-revoir-juncker-as-brits-say-no-need-for-negotiated-agreement/ …
Too bad it was FAKE because #SethRich leaked the DNC emails
not true..  fake tweet...
#25Amendment  #25AmendmentNow
Trump an American Tragedy
@GOP @HouseGOP #IMPEACH #2018
damn you if you go to war in Syria! Keep our faithful Patriots out of the brawl!
@huggaboo100 @NBCNews You stated live on TV  that you loved wikileaks and leaks in general. Your supporters are imbeciles.
I never said that
Trump Said it lol
@Kat4America @NBCNews that's for sure
Are you serious? And  what are you going to do with these traitors?
GET RID OF THE TRAITORS!  WE'll help, send the Petitions please!
Waaah! Live by leaks, die by leaks, psycho!
Your behavior and thought process is way, way, way below the level of the President. You. Are. Clueless. Sad!
you lie.
liar liar
Flynn...I'm just saying...FLYNN you didn't vet your own people?? Seems like he's the Ollie north scapegoat.
Double standard, nice in a president*
Please take your meds, and call a doctor in the morning.
@CNN @djacksonweather @ABCNewsBrisbaneFacebook crash of 2014 Was a flood of green.
A flood of green political posts. Causing a security Breach. Is this true ?
look into it. My whole story could change the very way we look at media.
. Why let a distinguished general take blame for moronic mistake.  POS!
@livlikurdyn @NBCNews check @SpeakerRyan
@CherylAschenbr2 @NBCNews oh look, the libs are crying again..... #MAGA
. This is classified briefing with intelligence official s that is "sources said" etc. Didthey runto NBC with Obama
solid point
Never thought I'd miss 'nucular'.
keep doing what you doing Mr.President.Your doing a great job.
. A president with zero IQ..changed times
trump time to quit worrying about NBC and get on with being president or Booker will be replacing you in 4 years
President Trump, Please redistrict CA and decrease their electoral votes.  No more illegals or dead people voting. Voter id
Mr. President please fix the voting and election system so the democrats cant fix elections ever again. No ID. NO VOTE.
please repeal the FCC Obama executive order from August 22'2011..The Fairness Doctrine .Stop propaganda!
they sux.
My wife is a photographer.  Perhaps you could a lowly photopher a chance to photograph you and your family
we are behind as long as you keep up the promises you told us at the inauguration.  Get it done!!!!!
pay attention and heed their words.  You need to get going and stop worrying about the size at your inaugartion
So what are you going to do about it?
Trump only likes leaks when it influenced the election in his favor....
That happens dude.
the god bales him such a good heart man
is billioner and a leader too
not real what they saying all a fake
It was probably sitting on your desk.
Parabéns pela posse
I salute you, Mr President. Good luck. I'm certain you'll succeed
Leaking unsubstantiated reports is dangerous,gives them legitimacy. CIA shouldve given 2 staffers instead of  directly 2 Trump, not proper!
leaked by flynn bannon
hold @NBCNews feet to the fire to find the culprit!
@Lou_WilsonRU @NBCNews Charge with espionage! Obama Cabal continues 2 undermine smooth transition Obama continues 2Campaign
they like sharing with the people, just like you do. No complaints there, no ?
Media is shady. I wouldn't be surprised if they blame Russia
@agussubandi620 Indonesia
jackass
- We Hate NBC, CNN and FOX
@Truth_Bombers @NBCNews NBC another outlet that shouldbe curtailed


Wrong
@CecyHanna @NBCNews 

Did you check obumas briefcase!!!!
The more the left becomes hysterical about DJT, the more I'm loving it!
@Lataine16 @NBCNews get to the bottom after Friday. Hope to know the outcome.
@thehill Just shows demoncrats love lawlessness. When will God fearing people leave the demoncrates?
LIAR
Good luck Mr President his excellency Donald Trump. I wish you all the best in the white house.
It's disgraceful. Someone should be Fired.
You have 4 days to resign. No one wants you. Be honest for once. Ur already the most disliked ever.
And some perspective...

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/poll-trumps-favorable-ratings-pre-inauguration-are-historically-low/ … https://twitter.com/thehill/status/821149313212485633 …
It was probably leaked by some 400 LB guy sitting his bed!
Let's face it CNN the country supports President elect Donald Trump. You can't change that news.
Once again CNN reports fake news.
Couldn't be serious if he tried Donald #Trumpy
see German Spiegel Online, Jan 11- Comey informed you of blackmail over  more than just your  buisiness dealings
Is there $ to be made by you for our country to enter into WW 3? This weekend alone, you po off Mexico and China
I was an owner of a healthcare ad agency - can pharma cost be reduced by eliminating billions in Rx marketing costs?
Somehow the leak is more important than the content? Omfg. #americanomore
You refuse to attend your Intelligence Briefings...Would've fallen on deaf ears.
maybe you ought to attend your intelligence briefings more frequently then.
Trump you are a liar and incompetent. I don't know which is worst for America!
@LetzBrealistic @NBCNews WE THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA KN STAY FOCUS ON R MISSION 2 #MAGA & LET GOD DEAL WITH R ENEMY B FOCUS GB
WE THE PEOPLE USA KN ENLIGHTEN TRUMP-PENCE,CABINET & WE PEOPLE B FOCUS 2 #MAGA GOD DESTROY ENEMIES
@rgrant2243 @NBCNews look at all the libtards say leaking is good now but was bad when hillarys lies were leaked
@rgrant2243 @NBCNews track the rat down that is leaking intel and put in Guantanamo bay
trump it isn't about you, you need to worry about America,
trumpeter you need to worry about promises to American people, instead of your personal stuff, America comes 1st get it right,
Only Progressive liberals watch that network.
They falsely accused PE Trump of being "dangerous" during election cycle. Who are the dangerous ones now? #MAGA
I am betting you knew about it first since it was your buddy Putin behind it
@NBCNewsA why would they show you,you have no involvement and yes there is classified information that not even you can see
Long Before election night started you knew you had the fix in to win LYING CHEATER so Dishonest. Very Bad Person U R.
Show up for the briefings then.
You prob would have gotten the report sooner if you attended intelligence briefings #JS #sad
Currently and for the last 8 years nothing is classified Everything is leaked POTUS is focused on JayZ & Beyonce
DJT that's what happens when you say you don't need intelligence reports
STOP LYING. IT IS ALL OBVIOUS NOW. YOU ARE NOT LEGITIMATE. YOU ARE A BANKRUPTED FARSE!!!
that the beginning of your doing fall so better watch out
Better nip this In the bud someone is being paid to leak flush them out clean up the swamp! We are with you P Trump love you !
#DontYouHaveMoreImportantThingsToDoThanTweetAbout @NBCNews
-if bad news is for Hillary you show the world how disgusted you are but when it's you, you say "it's all fake"?

You see your impeachment coming.
Mickey mouse organizations calling themselves legitimate  news.  They belong in Disneyland
nope Donnie - given to the FBI in July.  You lie again.
Did you know acknowledging a leaked document as classified is a violation of you security clearance?  #doublestandards
LEAKS MUST STOP. GET PUTIN TO HELP. SHUT THIS DOWN NOW. RUSSIANS CAN FIX!! GET FLYNN ON JOB. HAS CONNECTIONS #MAGA
the best part about Trump is that we can tweet to him, even though I guess the only tweets he reads are his own.
Trump sucks
Trump is a con man
liar
you aren't suppose to see it, YOU'RE NOT PRESIDENT YET.
learn how your government works. You can't complain when you refuse to go to intelligence briefings.
If you plan on being POTUS, please learn the difference between what is classified & what is not. Get smarter.
#FuckYouTrump
Many Americans are unaware the the US gives close to $1B/yr in foreign aid to Mexico. I guess it's part of trade imbalance
who paid for McCain staffer to fly to London to get document he gave to Comey? US Taxpayer or McCain?
Leakers. #FakeNews #MAGA
It got leaked cause you a punk People everywhere are sayin'it you a punk... Just a punk with some money.
we know they're after you.  We stand with you all the way.  Get America back on track. Obama ruined America
I don't believe the CIA is trustworthy...They have a bad track record.. THINK weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
Had to be leaked by the Intel under orders from the Clintons and Dems, the Intel swamp must be drained
#Liar #TheResistance
you would have seen it if you attended those meetings you are too "smart" to attend.
@NqBCNews @real Donald Trump Qsaw cd sQ a cc'dc'd z
you said that all of that intelligence is untrue Try not to coddle up with war criminals like Putin! So sad!!!!!!!
we need to expose Muslim presence in CIA , Obama created this. It's critical to your presidency to remove them.
DRAIN THE SWAMP
who ever leaked it should be arrested for treason
@Trump4Hope @NBCNews it's time to overhaul CIA & all government officials make them accountable for any leaks.
@NBCNew wish I would make re world more peaceful ( ya know it's going end bad )
Maybe because they are more intelligent than you are and can be trusted.

just a prime example of the lack of security the former President administration provided.
Liar
want some cheese with that whine?
poor baby
of politics!! I can control my private career but I can't control that politics especially w/folks #greedforpower
n d field of politics they do ts & that's why I wud NEVER mix my very successful @advocatehealth career w/ANY kind
@Workers4Trump @NBCNews If McCain gave it to FBI? How did it get from FBI to Buzzfeed? Fishy?
I have never done this nor ever will be on this again but after Meryl's  talk had to find a way for me to protest
CSPAN has it as PDF also Mr.President. #Drain the Swamp
So full of it donald. U ARENT attending enuf National Security Briefings to count. On Jan 20, we're all less safe
shut up
What proof do you have it was leaked by the Intelligence community. More likely the staff of some Democrat.
Why can't you learn how to speak and not twitter, you twit.
I agree.
Thank you AGAIN for pointing out how one sided and corrupt most of the media is

