Dear President Trump, Alabama is a joke obviously full of way to many never Trumpers  I also wanted Moore to win for your cause. In there face. We only lost a little battle, But were winning the war big time. Merry Christmas, and God bless you and your family. Yours truly Gregg.
"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome" http://nypost.com/2017/07/25/why-the-rust-belt-just-gave-donald-trump-a-heros-welcome/ …...
We will give you a hero welcome in Florida sir!
Thx from Texas! Yall need to do something about Rubio, tho, for helping those terrorist orgs. intro that bill. HR 118.  js
Don't worry I'm going to let all my friends know and we will not be voting for Rubio!
#Twitter #Trumpsters  #MAGA
BEST VIDEO EVER!!!
 #TrumpTrain 
  #MAGA 
Thanks so much, sorry I just seen this. #MAGA
No prob. Nice work.
Thanks.
Why. I gotta know. I thought we saved those for the good guys.
America loves you @realDonaldTrump.
Yes we do!
Trump Mr. North Korea Please annihilate it completely 
@mcolfer7
Umm a big FIBBBBBerrrrrr just like the crowd size before..........   NOT
Bought and paid for
Trolls FYI #loveandlightiswinningearth President Trump is true, on positive side. Killary and pizzagate karma now!!!!!...
美国人民太可怜了，你就别让别人骂他们选出如此愚蠢的总统了。
His necktie pointed to the mind in the pants ...
Trump wants to be the best, but please with a properly bound tie. The under lace must be exactly centered on the belt buckle. That's fashion
Is it because their brains have rusted?
Welco me to uniprix stadium good tennis
The Bible Belt has meth addicts n dealers, rotten teeth n poor ignorants.
Why did they? Because they're unedumacated.
Because you brought Melania along?

Me and my wife at the Youngstown Ohio rally.was the nicest most respectful group of people that i have been around.very safe and fun.
we the people must carry him to the finish line






Let's stay FOCUSED - get some more #jobs for these people in #Ohio - need more talk about #American jobs, no one cares about GD #Russia
Geez dude relax!
BS.  Relax. We need to get to #WORK.  We have DECADES of problems to fix, we need to roll-up our sleeves, not "relax."
It doesn't happen over night...
I have seen their suffering. This is #NationalSecurity issue. Lots of tax $$ wasted on #Russia, time to put focused resources on #USA #JOBS
People who live in the Rust Belt and support Trump are LOSERS!
Because you are a rusted 70 yr. old jalopy, no longer functioning at optimum, spewing lies like black smoke.
Great to have you as president, put the crooks in jail, #MAGA
Start w/Kushner, Donnie jr. Flynn, Manafort, then yourself.
Let's scoop that rust and process it back to shiny new metal. This country is on the right track. Roll on TRUMP TRAIN. USA all the way. MAGA
I like MAGA Morons Are Governing America
Hero ?????????????????????????????
Thanks Putin! #WeakPresident
Poorly educated?
cuz they stuoopid?

Saving American Working class, public is #1 in own nation once again, Trump is our heart @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain
Btw... how's rhat vacation going?
Because they are mentally inferior
cuz they dumb
Because he is just like us hard working dedicated to our family and America.  That's why
He earned his money and worked hard. We all do. It's ashamed that the Democratic party wants us who work to pay for those who don't.
I'm not opposed to helping those less fortunate....on my terms at my discretion.  Which I do.  That's called freedom of choice.
I only oppose to the ones who can work but choose to let the Government take care of them. I know there are people who can't and I have (1)
It is sad that you have to tweet to make yourself a "hero". You have no idea how to be a hero. You are an F rated show.
do you mean scared ppl.scared of being spotlighted like the DR whos is guilty of fraud.he's all over the new's.he does have a story to tell
because they eat coal silly
as we know, he COLLUDED WITH RUSSIA 2 WIN (August 2, 2017; 12:22 EDT) #RUSSIANCOLLUSION #RUSSIA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
,...something, as we know, HE ISN'T (August 2, 2017; 12:22 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"rust belt" people r FIERCELY PATRIOTIC...,(August 2, 2017; 12:22 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
CRITICAL issue (August 2, 2017; 12:22 EDT) #RUSSIANCOLLUSION #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
so "RUST BELT gave" HIM "a HERO'S welcome...," but NOT 4 LONG (August 2, 2017; 12:22 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Shameless.
Why dont you try California?
$1000.00 each?
"Blowing one's own trumpet"
Very poor form, dear.
Dear President Trump ,,, God bless you

https://queenbdivine.wixsite.com/rootstoheaven/single-post/2017/07/10/IMAGINATION-go-beyond-the-FEAR … #darkness #Darknet #LightenUp #lightworkers #outfromthedarkness  #warriors
 #SPIRITUAL #leader #Entrepreneurship 
~ Freakin' Fake News!Dang them!
You're the worst
Because they drink the kool aid.
The rust has obviously penetrated their brains... why else?
Aside from the fact they're uneducated, mouth breathing inbreds like you?
Nothing has changed #trumprussia
The rusty hair?
3 Years, 5 Months, 18 Days, 37 Minutes, and 20 Seconds
LOL, the rust belt? Too effin funny that you're still holding rally's for your trumpanzees.
@realDonaldTrump yo trump, why don't you hold one of your rally's in NYC and see what kind of a welcome you get? Or, you a coward?


australia leads the way every loving each other even though we dont like to admit it it the way he wants god said pleas dont put down
You are no hero Donald. Not even close.
Keep up the great work Mr President #MAGA  ...When you coming to Houston. ..can't wait
We are HAPPY to be supporters and we wish we were there. (Way to go Ohio!) America First. #MAGA Congrats on the economy. All systems go! =)
Its sad! All liberals can resort to is personal attacks and insults.Theyre losing badly. And theyre going to lose again in 2020! #Trump2020
Everyone hates you. Those ppl were paid
It's the only 30% that support you, that's why.
Visit the west coast. See if you get a heros welcome here
We love our president in California!
You are extraordinarily bad at being President.
No honey, that guy is gone now.  That was BO remember?  Take your pills and go back to be.  Sshh little 
I really think it's odd that you refer to yourself in 3rd person.  Wonder what personality disorder that is? #RICOCharges #TREASON #IMPEACH


President Trump receive a hero's welcome because he is fighting for the American worker. Something we haven't seen in years! #MAGA
Obama would go on talk shows like 'The View' or 'Ellen'.. instead President Trump goes directly to the American people! The media HATES it!
Ummm...he only goes on Fox, where they pamper him. If he went on any other show, he would actually have to answer questions.
They have poor taste @realDonaldTrump?  @nypost
Donald, you are NOT a hero.
A. Rampant ignorance
You are as fit to be President as Chris Christie is to climb Mount Everest w/ a 40 pound bag of hoagies over his shoulder!
And what about the signing of The Russian Sanctions bill?  Trying not to talk about it?
And why all the lies?
Come on!  Who lies about the Boy Scouts and another countries president?  You act like no one would find out...
Is it because of the Carrier jobs you promised to save?
State of you
These people are just so fuckig brain dead its pathetic, like he has done anything for their sorry asses since elected. Racism reigns.
You just posted an article written about yourself?  JFC!
Because you hold a campaign event where you vet people beforehand it means people love you?  Ever heard of an echo chamber?  Ever?  Ever?
You're just joking...right????
Because they're either uneducated, brainwashed by religion, or jacked up on opiods

What's the matter Donnie? Did Putin break up with you and now you needed some cheering up.
How do you like your new babysitter?
Because they're uneducated and racist.
Was this after or before the President of Mexico and the Leader of the Boy Scouts called Trump to praise him for doing a great job?  Lol.

#TheChamp chalks up another victory!  You'd think we'd be tired of winning by now but I'm up for more.
And just what have you won in Congress??
Me? I'm not in Congress yet.
I'd vote for ya, Ron!  #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Thanks bro! 
Wait for it......
Democrats have more big surprises in store for 2018 & 2020. Trump support again is understated & they will once again be blindsighted
Don't think Dems will underestimate anything. They just need to get out and vote. Remember, Trump lost the popular vote by 3 million.
Trump will not be a candidate in 2020.
He refuses to release his tax returns for a good personal reason. When Mueller gets them it will be the beginning of the end for Trump.
Teddy you saw his taxes on maddow. How about those losses he had
Still looking for support!

Love it!
TAKE DONALD TRUMP HE'S FOR SALE.
Because they know he is helping all Americans regardless of the haters' comments.

Do you know one?
Trump is NO HERO.
Trump, u don't give two of your ten pound shits about American workers. Chinese Trump crap and such. U employ lots of foreign folks dontcha?

Trust me Draft Dodger Don  - You are NO HERO! Don't get any more delusional than you already are.
Maybe they haven't read about you admitting to Mexico prez that you were lying about building a wall? #GiveItTime
Do u congratulate & compliment yourself multi times daily to compensate for the fact that NO ONE with a conscience respects or admires u?!
Because you're old and rusty? 

No we didn't STOP LYING
Liar
@SalenaZito Did the good folks of Youngstown give any specifics as to what the Billionaire Elitist is doing for them?
No they didn't, only in YOUR mind, we saw the coverage. Another lie!
Trump's Boy Scout crowd was larger than his Inaugural crowd ! @POTUS @WhiteHouse
I understand The Scouts didn't actually invite Trump. It was more like, "Would you mind if I came?"
Cuz they're stupid?
Hes done got countries against us thatvwasnt before
Because you are their pussy grabber-in-chief! Grab, grab, grab ...wife, daughter, friend, neighbor with your little hands.!.
I still want to order a "I'm with Stupid" hat & shirt, so I'm dressed for the next feeding
Do you realize how crazy and demented you sound?
Wait....i thought NYP was fake news? Not today? Or not today because they have an article that seems to favor you?
Rust Belt hero why 0 significant legislation broken campaign promises, 'that Mueller thing' hanging over your head resign or get impeached.
The heat has deep fried their brain cells but you know this and you play them well, they will see you who U really R sooner than later!
Reality check: You won the election with 80K votes over 3 states and lost the popular vote. Your business runs on debt. You're not a hero.
Mr. President this is a tough job to fix the DECADES of abandonment. Suggest name someone working with you with TOTAL FOCUS on #Jobs 
issue.
Hahaha, feeeeeeed that ego, Donny!!
I'm in shock that this article was found in NY Times.

All about Trumps ego
@KellyannePolls finally figure out how subliminal messaging works? The cue card attempt was embarrassing.
Stupid is as Stupid does.  Pass the candies and ammunition.
Because he blocks protesters from voicing their dissent. Easy to get that welcome when you only allow the few who support you in. #Truth
Judea robs the USA blind!
Trump needs to visit his DEPLORABLES every now and then to feel important. In DC he's out of his element. Worst president ever
Could someone just get ride of trump please. Just fire him impeach him send him to Russia. Something!!!
Hero? Lolololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololollolololololoolololololiloolol
He deserves it
Multiple reports say Russian Ambassador to U.S. Trump spoke w/ Putin just before signing Russian sanctions bill
You just don't give up even after running over your base and letting them down. They are learning what the rest of us already knew
So sad-tweeting week old articles. Did you get #PresidentKelly approval? Article says your approval rating is 39% but it's actually 33% now.
To bad your dad is such an evil person who wants to destroy the environment and keep decent people out of the U.S.
Stock market is up,more jobs, less illegal border crossings, planning the wall, on and on it goes!

You are not a hero
Really r u sure they weren't saying buy to trump
I suspect we'll see a military coup against @realDonaldTrump, and I can't believe that I'd welcome it. What a strange, alternative universe.
Why are you afraid of Vlad Putin? You absolutely grovel at his feet like he has something bad on you. Does he?
I live in the "rust belt." I would never give U any welcome. I had hope you'd do well, U have done a terrible job!
You're an immoral liar & a traitor who is destroying American.  You, your family & associates will soon be brought to justice #TraitorTrump
This sounds about as real as the "call" you got from the Boy Scouts leader.

Wait till they figure out you want to take away their substantiates for their health  insurance and they can not go to a doctor
LIAR!!
Russia- Affair: Who is President? Trump or McCain? Who is the boss? Schumer, McCain and or Trump and Pence?
Ok

IMPO - because the "rust" belt is turning "silver" again !!!  -  Jim
You said you spoke to mexico pres,LIAR. He said he has not spoken to you on the phone,i believe him he has not lied and spread fake news!

