terrible!!!!
The highly successful NYT writes about #CorruptDonaldTrump. Thank you, NYT.
@POTUS @nytimes shut up and stop being a big baby 
You are the #failure buddy! The American people are catching on to your plan. You are the worst president ever!
You can't even read.  How do you know what they are writing?
NYT is staffed by presstitutes , islamists & is a worthless propaganda rag-disgrace to journalism-fake news rag
#RESIST They don't have to make up stories you are crazy
You can't possibly be serious. Get a neuropsych exam. Even your family will tell you you are acting crazy.
making up stories like the Bowling Green Massacre? No wait, that was your team.
Ooooh going to read that article right now- thanks for the tip, Don!!
Shut them down.
hero I like you from #pakistan
The bots are active here

I fucking love you daddy pls penetrate me
@POTUS @netanyahu @NOS @eenvandaag @Nieuwsuur @telegraaf @NUnl @trouw @geertwilderspvv @Elsevier







Sue them for defamation!
oh, you mean like the Bowling green massacre?
hmmmm, trump is a liar, impeach now!
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up ...
nobody's failing but you and your Adminstration. Total fail
You need to look at the facts, no matter how people try to bring PT down (look around) He is still here in good standing with majority of us
Well maybe PT has good standing but DT sure doesn’t.
TALKING ABOUT FOXNAZINEWS MAKING UP STORIES LIKE CROOKED Donald FIRE COMEY NOW SISSION TRY TO KEEP THE LIES UP ALL 4 RUSSIA
Bullshit
@POTUS @nytimes the reason for the high cost of medical services is insurance companies, get rid of them thats are prob.
تو خودت اومدی بھ سعودی اسلحھ بفروشی برا جنگیدن اونوقت میگی ایرانیا این منطقھ رو بھ جنگ تبدیل کردن
(خیلی خری )
Afraid to write in English 
Trump haters crack me up. Hate hate hate, bla bla bla poop
nobody listens to them. Please don't put Liberman as head of the FBI. He is the Sith Lord.
Insult Watch: Failing New York Times
@FoxBusiness  documents on it; she even sent classified documents to aid Huma & her exhusband, so he could print for her!
@foxandfriends then he backed off & let her off the hook! HRC had a private illegal server & had thousands of Classified...
Greatest Bombshell of year; POTUS fires Comey, long overdue;r his political cemeteries to strongly prosecute HRC-
you were quoted by @mashable
I am praying Mr.President that God will guide you to do what is good for out people &keep our country safe.PLEASE
and you can't even put together a sentence - redundant
and the all sees the real you as you present yourself in a open loud mouth manner that you seem to not like.
you don't like what they print then you need to be the one to change not them. Ur in the public for all to see
just because Ur EGO and sick mind doesn't like what they print or say does not mean it's wrong. It means Ur sick
Its true, media is no longer reporting news. They lost grip of theirselves, twist and contort the news out of context with rhetoric!
Isn't writing total fiction the same thing as making up stories??
the other president that hated the press.  nixon
Nah. From what the public knows about you already, i'd say they aren't.
dealers, & other unlawful activities committed by criminal ellegals. Savings from welfare payments, ed. & HC used for Wall
Where did your tweet go (from 2/7) saying the Russia story was created by Dems as a distraction? Were you lying to when you wrote this?
I believe that U should bring up who owns the NY Times. Foreigner controlled propaganda machine. Carlos Slim
@POTUS @nytimes thank you MR PRESIDENT, ALL TRUE AMERICANS LOVE YOU, stay strong. We are behind you all the way
LOL

says who? YOU?
@POTUS @nytimes you are gaining the support of the people
@POTUS @nytimes thank you MR PRESIDENT , ALL TRUE AMERICANS LOVE YOU. you are under attack. Stay strong we are with you
Isn't that what you have done? Projecting your lies onto others?
Why do you care? Your supporters are loyal. Keep the blinders on and forge straight ahead. Thanks for all you do.
give it up #LittleDonnie
thank you I haven't read the article yet but will now
you know @nytimes actually reads+investigates, you blow off security briefings. #ImWithFakeNews #GFY
. @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Dude. Seriously... the fuck is this?.. You will go down as the most childish president. Also bc your hands 
fuck I love you Brendon 
Desperate much, Mr. So-Called President?
Get your fucking priorities in order.  The country is being torn in half and you're concerned about a newspaper story.
They're not failing. Unlike your stamina and so-called presidency.
you should sue. So much defamation surely can be proven.
No, they've got it right. Everyone should read the New York Times to get the truth about Trump.
You wouldn't know the truth if it bit you on the butt. The NY TIMES is a liberal rag.
I heard lots of people talking about how you're broke. Can you confirm?
Sham @POTUS you keep advertising @nytimes your childish constant whining on your mental weakness is a boon for us thank you
Grow up!
thanks for pointing that out. I'll have to read it today.
Mr. President please stop Tweeting & take care of our country please
READ WHAT YOU SIGN MAN
NYT With Carlos Slim and his gang in control there is nothing better they could do.
and they still haven't written that feature about us...  @EricOltrop @IAmSam116
says the guy who went on and on and on and on...and on about Obama's birth certificate.
mad someone has more followers than you are you?? poor you!!!!! why don't you go back to doing ACTUAL work now?
they lost all their credibility a long time ago
Trump never had any credibility.
subscriptions have gone up BIGLY.
Please stop blaming people who criticize you, it makes you look petty and weak. Very Bad.
Even if that were true, It isn't- I still prefer their stories to your made up ones. Yours are so transparent.
you sir are a liar
How about you teach @realDonaldTrump a lesson about #Defamation lawsuits with this here public statement?
Trying to discredit the media who are critical of you. #hitler
#what a liar
I wish you lasting success in all your work and effort in the journey of life
praying for you and we support you.
@POTUS @nytimes YOU ARE OH SO DELUSIONAL.
AND U DON'T MAKE UP STORIES &LIE MOST OF THE TIME? NYTIMES LEARNS FROM @POTUS @realDonaldTrump BY EXAMPLE.
I highly doubt that. It seems you think anything that you aren't in agreement with is fictional.
You are doing a great job Trump... If God is for you who can be against you!
@RianKing9 I Am Praying For You..,
making up stories? What about the nonexistent 'Sweden incident'?
My Compliments at @nytimes for your Coherence, Intelligence and True Newspaper of Democracy!
Excuse me, do you live on another planet? They are such liars and your laying in never never land if you believe it one minute.
Read The Article Against @realDonaldTrump!
