Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it r...
 please.
Tick...
Take care of the rich. They need it.
Waiting.
Thank You!
You will need help from others... This can make a difference... Need your help
he only cares about rich people and the low income people that voted for him are running scared
it's really sad that Trump is very comfortable playing with millions of low income people . He is not concern about us only
To get things right,  you do not rush.   If your builders rushed,  your hotels would fall.   Don't rush.
Keep after congress
The number one threat to the US is Washington corruption. We can't have the President's domestic agenda passed before dealing with it.
The real crime is Obama era corruption. No one - not even one wants that aggressively exposed.
in due time the people of this great nation will declare war against the corrupt in DC and they will fall
the kurupt in DC have become what the founding fathers fought to abolish now is the time to establish new government
Especially tax cuts for private citizens; I don't even take home half of my paycheck! $150.00 per week is not a living wage. Thank You, Sir!
Too bad it wasn't for wrist cuts.
Yes, get it right for all your rich buddies!  They need lower taxes for sure!  Healthcare will be Healthnocare!
You mean extortion tax cuts!
Things are too far gone to play polite games. Neglect this and war in the streets could be next. Think!
And they all deserve to be treated as such!
And consider that, given the circumstances, these DC types are all in rebellion against the United States by warring against you.
Ask the "leadership" why they aren't aggressively defending you how about it!
We elected you and not Mueller or Comey. You represent us.
I don't think we can afford a tax cut. Try to hold back on this.
Why don't you cut taxes to those who can't afford to pay them asshole
Taxes down! Keep fighting, robbed blind by taxes..stop the free handouts-Work Hard Play Hard. USA Hardworking Americans keep what they earn!
Yes, so you can take care of your wealthy cronies and screw the vast majority of our citizens.
translation: my casinos won't take that bet
Gov't report: Health care deductibles higher under GOP bill
Get it right and fix the aca
Please get it right! Tax increases for corporations and universal healthcare. Oh, and stop our illegal wars..everywhere.
There is no republican leadership
CES did day cd cz engagement zZz%€*†©%1~%~@%'¥*"CDs xZZ AA as dcfXx£#2#2#¥#*$#"'“†#SERVE CHAN DWr$¥¢£¥2s see a sq we we
Then step out of the way, otherwise it won't go well.
Hogy halljatok éhen de ha az a kibaszott ózon lyuk jukadni kezd elmegyek a fehér házba és BARACKOT VISSZAALLITOM
Keep it simple stupid,  kiss
Tax cuts to the top 1% and non existent healthcare.  Something to be proud of.  Fraud.
I love you Donald trump peace and unity. 
From the UK
where's that wall though 
Working together to destroy our country
How big a tax cut do you need? Zero taxes That you pay, is about  as low as it can go! But leave it to you to find a new low!
Right for ? Oh your buddies!
Not gonna lie, I am super worried about the health care situation. Especially for my husband and children. Pls don't cut off disabled people
Who's gonna take care of my grandmother when she gets kicked out of the nursing home by cutting Medicaid!? #ImpeachTrump Reps SUCK
If it is right for you, it is a false right for the US population.
Wow, such perseverance to remove health care from the poor and disadvantaged.
I LOVE that you use social media to communicate with us, sir
Tax cuts for the wealthy, death and slavery to those who voted for you.
This is the kind of a positive tweet.
Great job ...
Please look into the trucking industry... rid of e-logs .. they are dangerous ...
cut all funding to portorico. use this money to pay for our health care cost in. masachusetts
We have no doubt you will get nothing right.  Loser.
Tax cut and get health care right does not go together. U raise those taxes and u get HC right! U'd still be a billionaire ;-)
Tax cuts for the wealthy and horrible cuts to healthcare and much needed programs for the poor ? Thought you were a Christian ? Heathen !
we get it, reward the tax evading criminals, overtax the middle class and murder the poor! #ADOLPHTRUMP
Drain the swamp
There trying to stop trump from succeeding,at all cost, sad , need get rid of all traders to trump and country
my daughter who is 3 years of age can write & articulate herself better than this individual!Americans can't endure him any longer #impeach
Get this right too. Keep yur mouth shut to avoid all the smoke clouds always gathering around u.  My god for a CEO u act like a 12 year old
Keep up the good work, Mr President.  Ignore the witch hunters.
got to have action or Dems win.
My rich buddies are gonna make off like bandits. Great job Donald. Keep the middle class down and they won't have time to vote

I think everyone in Congress and Senate and including you Mr. President should all be on the same type of healthcare you're trying to pass
keep pushing Mr Presdent.
What you mean is that you will take vast sums of money from health care to give it to the 1% as a tax break. Why don't you tell the truth??
Go for it. We need your leadership more than ever. I want to ask a revolution for the mental health care and benefits.
Get it right for the 00.1% leave biggy, hugely, mostly people out to die.
tax cuts for those who aren't hurting and the end of coverage for those who ARE...brilliant, con in chief.
Why don't you get it right & step down.
Which part of kicking 24 million people off of their health insurance is getting it right?

Wouldn't a leader be meeting with all elected officials vs a political party? So those of who have a democratic official are S.O.L?
#conman
Not sure what joy this should bring us. Tax cuts for the rich while the poor get dumped on.
BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!!!!!!!!
And where are your tax records??
Yes you must. But you won't
and then off to the golf course!
Must get it right? Like must get this population under control by death via lack of health care?  Well then....
If it's your pet project assign a team to the task at hand
Please dont forget the poor. We cannot work if we are too sick to do so. I have waited 15 YEARS for help! Do i REALLY have NEVER 2 count on?
Please take out the mandate to purchase insurance. It costs our family 20K for something we don't want or use.
I believe the part when you say you're pushing hard. On what is the question???????????
No tax cuts. Tax the rich. Trickle-down does not work, and they owe us. Make them invest in America. IIA!
They aren't tax cuts when they're only benefiting the top 1%. You're taking  from the people to keep $ in your friends pockets. #unfair
@JudgeJennie weighs in-->https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/873314139200000003 … so like this Comey matter have 2 find out if it rises 2 anything or just more DC #tabloid
.@JudgeJeanine: #Comey Is a 'Predator' Who Sought 'Revenge' on #Trump  #foxandfriends   http://bit.ly/2rVpemT  
Get it right, just kidding! It doesn't need to be right, just done quickly.
Have ye founded thrones/altars on the bodies/souls of living men? Think ye that building shall endure, which shelters noble & crushes poor?
GOP pushing hard to kill healthcare, give tax cuts to wealthiest. Make Congress and Senate Blue Again!
Trump...testifying under oath with videos of false statements & lies is a problem:
Then you and your people shouldn't be making #Trumpcare is going to fail the American people just like you have. #puppet
you will never do it donald
Or else you might lose that B in front of your illion
INO DOUBT You@POTUS Would not only have already done all these things & MUCH MORE,,If you had ppl LOYAL to your Admin, not previous one!
That can only be done in a bipartisan way.  You are FAILING at that.
Mr.President,many people around you,Holdovers from the Last(admin)we feel Do Not Care about You or our Countries best interest!CLEAN HOUSE
Please, not all for the rich. Remember the middle class. Please read the fine print Ryan wants to get in. It is not for us only the wealthy
Mr Presendent go to Congress and set in get there you know what moving
Hi Potus I like you. Very honest on government dealings.
Saudi Arabia Wahhabism is the possession and movement of terrorism and atonement and suicide bombers in the world, but you have received the
Mr. President, you know that Wahhabi Salafism is your work, and you have made it a cancerous gland in the heart of the Islamic world. It is
Tax cuts for whom? You and you rich friends?
Religious Leaders need a free voice, Sir. Our country's backbone, honor, and morals depend on that. Churches don't wait! God will provide!
It’ll happen, Pres Trump! U know exactly WHAT to do. Repatriation of trillion’s by making  USA a safe haven 4 business employ’g mrkt forces!
Thank you for your integrity and transparency!!!  It is SO refreshing!  #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Another lie! Iowa health care is sad & your solution won't/can't work! Stop wasting money on your fake tv ads!
a law should be passed  that If  any Dem/ Rep don't do the PEOPLES service they need to resign Nancy POLOSI is a prime example she's insane
Thank you for working so hard for all of us! What a great job you are doing! Grateful to your hardworking staff too. Thank God you are Pres!
Hi Don, Great news on tax cuts, but I beg of you, don't make me spend my tax savings on higher premiums due to a preexisting condition!
Where the beef? Lots of talk, no show of results...#POTUS45
What do you care if lower income families can't afford HC or people pay exorbitant rates for pre existing conditions? It doesn't affect you.
tax cuts and healthcare must go hand in hand. do you even realize what you are saying?! That’s like making mexico to pay for your Wall.
#Trump2020 will be a landslide 
if it needs to be right what are you doing touching it? dirtbag
Obamacare is killing the poor people President Trump , call me I will explain 
#Trump2020  #IStandWithTrump  help the poor people by #RepealHeathcare
Thank you  President Trump 
Your tax cuts help the wealthy, not middle class and you are making healthcare worse. # GetItRight
Quit. That will be the first step.
Tax cuts for the rich at the expense of everyone else. Your supporters thank you.
republican and leadership should never be mentioned in the same sentence.
You get something right,  ha
They are obligated to the Americans who voted THEM in & supported them the past several years. Need to work through cushy vacation schedule.
If you want to get it right, might I suggest you leave it to the grown ups?
Please do not get rid of ssdi and snap (food stamps), its how i survive!
We have Republicans and Democrats let's have two Healthcare plans let the Republicans have our Healthcare and Democrats have theirs..
I am not holding my breath... and 8 years to come with a heath plan that excludes 24 millions ppl, talk about an accomplishment Donnie
Steel money people need to live on disability and the VA I but your loving it
why not meet with democrats too
The only RIGHT thing you will have accomplished is removing yourself from office so that we don't have to!!!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP   keep Trump away from it then and GOP should find some morals. Without middle class rich won't have anyone to sell to
Cutting taxes on the rich is not getting it right!
Since you're a profound idiot, here's how you get it right: allow us to purchase medicare, raise standard deductible and capital gains taxes
(That is Tax Cuts for the rich and healthcare for 24 million less people of course)
What about the #STUDENTloanDEBT problem in America??   Do you plan to address that at any time? 
nobody wants you to do any of this
Trump's Party is DEFUNDING "Obamacare" in order to Force it to Fail. He's literally pulling the rug out from under people feet!
Lining your pockets?   How many GOP can you take down with ya?
Yea, deplorable
Cut taxes for the middle class. Make up the difference by increasing taxes on millionaires. One payer health care for all.
Mr President: only 1% of Muslims are terrorists. That means about 15 million terrorists!!! Wake up America 
We need to get red of globalist republicans as well; one example is McCain! A traitor is a traitor!!! Nazi globalist need to go!
