I can't believe i voted for you, Cant believe the amount of ignorance in you,let someone else run the country and go play golf,
I can't believe you voted for a white supremacist. A that was raised by a father who was KKK member.
True, now all I can do is change party for next time,who ever runs as democrat I will vote for them,fool me once.....it won't happen twice
Dat George Bush quote tho
Yes, but he didn't get it right, the rest of it.  Lol
would you have voted for sanders?
Yes I would .


The fact that U didn’t win the popular vote obviously bothers U, as U even tries to slyly suggest now that U did.
"Still?" You lost the popular vote. Big league.
Just can't let go, can you?  You've lost the popular vote and you just can't accept it.  Grow up.
#PopularVote
We will never forget
Ummmm Donald??  She beat you by THREE MILLION POPULAR VOTES.  YOU ARE FIRED>
But you didn't beat her. You lost by three million, remember?
Still on that Hillary shit
u cant cherry pick the results u like and call the rest fake news liar-in-chief

"STILL beat @HillaryClinton in popular vote?" You NEVER beat her in the popular vote. Why do you always feel the need to toot your own horn?
"still"?

"STILL"?????

You didn't beat her the first time.

Remember?

You lost by almost 3 MILLION votes. 

All of them legal.
Hillary jokes are old. Get new content

You LOST the popular vote. You get that right? That's not a poll. It's the actual votes.
you'd only beat Hilary with more Russian collusion. Fact.
If you're that sure, then let's all
#ReVote
You will always be able to brag about your HUGE win, even when you're impeached.

#WAKEUPAMERICA #MAGA
You DO know that your "fake news" b.s. is just laughable at this point. 

We see things clearly. 

YOU and your clan are provably the LIARS.
you ...
The ugly dictator who wears no clothes, is the source of FAKE NEWS.
YOU CANNOT BELIEVE A WOMAN WON THE POPULAR VOTE-YOU ARE SO ANTI-WOMAN- IT SHOWS IN UR BOY ADMIN WHO DECIDES ON WOMEN'S REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH.

You didn't beat her in popular vote .@realDonaldTrump #PresidentSwampSlime. Did you ever learn basic arithmetic, phucking a$$hole?
Ok dude. What part of you never have (pop vote), equates to using the word "still?" Delusional as always.
You would still beat Hillary Clinton at what? A farting contest?

#Notmypresident
#NichtMeinFührer
#неMойПрезидент

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/856233279841849344 …
Fact. Terrible numbers. Own it. Embrace it. Maybe that will motivate you to wake the f up and work for ALL Americans not your narrow base
Hillary should be in your rear view mirror, sir. Leave your wins behind, face your challenges ahead. Focus.
Why don't you pay for your "wall" with the slush fund money from the inauguration? Based on the "talent" & crowd size you should have it.
Are you possibly the most immature man baby in history?
#FakePres doesn't like the truth or facts or criticism.
Comrade Trump, a real President,  Obama, is back from vacation. Call him and beg for his help to save your fake presidency.

Yeah, whatever you say

Your narcissism really makes me regret my vote at times.
Which polls r u  at? Lowest approval ever! Oh, btw, did you see a real Potus @BarackObama is back & speaking out! Now he is great! #resign
He's obsessed with HRC!!
only a real tyrant would declare the news fake
FAKE media hmmm MORE LIKE FAKE PRESIDENT
This is why independent media like us is so important. Consider supporting us and RT. Help us grow and get better.
The real fake is you, Don. Sad.
But you didn't beat Hillary the first time.
Stop wasting energy on this subject and try to bring democrats and republicans together to get something accomplished

you lost the popular vote and you are the lowest rated president in the history of our country.
We have your back sir
You are so focused on the wrong things. Stop worrying about Hillary. Start thinking about our country. Help those in need.
Go ahead and be bitter accept the fact that a woman won ! #HillaryWon
Election over! Suggest you do some reading... Try the Constitution! I'll warn you in advance "it's complicated! #russiagate
Are you out of your mind? You never beat Hillary, you never will beat Hillary.  No one will ever believe you did. #Loser
you cant STILL do something when you never did it the FIRST time lol wht a doofus!
You can't "still" beat Hillary in the popular vote when you never DID beat Hillary in the popular vote. You're not very smart, are you?
You are the only thing in the news that's FAKE.
By some judge sitting on an island according to Attorney General Beverly Leslie, golf, most beautiful piece of chocolate cake, Mar A Lago,
You did not and would never defeat Hillary in a popular vote. People do not like you!
chocolate cake eating contest?
Boy I miss President Obama!
.
Get over it!
.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=d2-jYsOCn1M …
.
Nazi's killed thousands of American soldiers in WWII , even good old white boys!!  Forget that???
.
Ask those who fly those flags. 
.
Hey.....there Mr president! What are your optimistic ideas about the election going on
Go pound sand
I get it ... anything u don't like is FAKE. Yet, the lies and BS that come out of your mouth is not fake. You r a huuuge disapointment!!
Weak and fake.
Kinda like your administration. A bunch of self-serving moguls.
Why is this yellow haired clown still president?
Disgusting.  Ur constant need to bring up Clinton shows that you only wanted to campaign NOT lead.  Do us all a real service and resign.
Dear Mr Umpa Lumpa the one reason that the media is negative is because you are tweeting things like this 
you ARE a LIAR and u r FAKE NEWS GO SEE MENTAL HEALTH EXPERT U REALLY NEED LOTS OF HELP PLEASE
Wtf YOU WON THE ELECTION... Have some class So embarrassing guess this is your go to when u lose out... Like Mexico funding the wall
Broken sentences
MABA: Make America Bankrupt Again..
pissing contest?
...who wears a suit best? Because you DIDN'T beat her in the popular vote.
OMG!!  What a bratty child ur!!!  You are a national embarrassment and the only reason you don't think so-ur surrounded by Yesfolks! Bigly!
Holy shit, still with this?
GO PRESIDENT TRUMP KEEP UP YOUR GREAT WORK. ARREST AND DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS,FELONS & DREAMERS. #BUILDTHEWALL #ARRESTANDDEPORT
child president still echoing self confidence issues of an election which took place months ago.
#TRUMP thinks we still don't know what the term 'fake news' means. He thinks we can't count her record-breaking MOST POPULAR vote. 3 M .
In the worst haircut
When are you going to stop whining about her?  #Sad   I'd love to #Watch that.
#Winning
get over it. You lost the popular vote and are the most unpopular president ever
Always crying fake, don't you have anything  besides that one, kinda getting old my friend.
Lying don you are guilty of everything you accused Hillary of doing. Pay for play, holding back information, rigging the election and fraud
Lying don you are clueless and unfit. Let's hear you chant "Lock him up" about your henchmen Flynn.  While we are at it U should join him.
you have the lowest approval rating in history. You are a failure. So much losing. #treason #impeach
Mom@mnmjnnkj@umkn jkmujknmntjmkmmklZw kkbn
Beat Hilary in....... Ooh ooh ohh I know I know, you would beat Hilary in a Boris Johnson lookalike contest :)
With "respect" how is - 3 million voted against you "winning?" Never mind- #TrumpSpeak @HillaryClinton
You are disillusion. Being POTUS is not like having a reality TV show. Please do your damn job!
That's old News  Think in the present  Fix  your Problems  in America  now
After ur 8yrs n office,if Ivanka runs 4 president she will b the first woman president,I would vote 4her.
IF TRUMP IS FAILING SOME POLICIES AT LEAST HE'S FIGHTING FOR AMERICANS UNLIKE OBAMA JUST WRITING CHEQUES OUT TO COMPANIES I.E BOEING
Either all polls are fake or none of them are.  Picking and choosing the parts you find acceptable shows your self serving mentality
SO BE IT!
You're as good as a "fake president". So the "fake news" is appropriate for you!
Enjoy your day.... FOOL!
40 percent you moron. BAHAHAHA
Not a chance. Your approval rating is at 33%!!!  Least liked #Potus ever!!  #nolove for the #Clown.
You are doing the right move.  Thank you!
Get help!
U didn't win the popular vote. Try clicking your heels  maybe your alternative facts will come true in a land far away
The only thing that's fake is you!
Ok, Pulitzer prize winning news sources are fake but your Christianity is real. Riiiiight. Pull the other one.
direction of North Korea, tweet storm, golf..... you've been busy!  And all this while enriching the Trump Empire! How do you do it!?
You are truly delusional. You have absolutely no grasp on reality.
POLLS SHMOLLS!1 we all know about Fake NEWS POLLS only dumb libs fall for POLLS listen!! WE WANT BIG HUGE GIGANTIC TAX CUTS OKAY? GETit DONE
I CAN'T  WAIT to hear THE REAL PRES.  OBAMA SPEAK. As he HARVARD, CLASS, AND  WE ALL KNOW WHEN HE TALKS PEOPLE LISTEN  ... TIME FOR CLASS
Had Comey put it out there YOU were under FBI investigation at the same time he did about Clinton....doubtful you would have won .
We all know u didn't legitimately win.  Bit of help from ur FAKE friend Putin by any chance?
Fake news for the fake president
POPULAR VOTE! Yes, I'm yelling at you. Face it, you aren't popular dude. If you had won decisively, you'd stop mentioning the election.
You must be so proud that less than 50% of the country approves of you...Far less than 50%. Try 40% & by tomorrow it should be around 10%.
Are you ten?  You sound like a friggin' ten year old. Sad!
Narcissistic President...so sad!
If you don't stop patting yourself on the back about the election :beating Hillary" will be your only accomplishment. #resist #impeach45
Worst president in history. Just waiting on the FBI's investigation. Looking forward to the criminal indictments
You are no longer running against Hillary, or haven't you figured that out yet?
DUDE, MOVE ON!  You are in the White House; TRY to act like a leader instead of acting like a kid in elementary school!  #First100Days #work
64.89% approval rating if you just count independents and Republicans. Most Dems still "resist", but some do approve.
Your the fake president..why do you insist on talking about Hillary?  You must be insecure #notmypresident. Where the hell are your taxes
But you didn't beat Hillary in the popular vote. You lost the popular vote.
It's funny when you think people like you.  In a pathetic kinda watch.#NOTMYPRESIDENT
You didn't beat Hillary the first time, what makes you think you'd beat her in a 2nd race? #resist #impeach #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Didn't beat her in the first place.. just the electoral college, not the popular vote!  You are the biggest loser.First 100 day a failure!
Yeah, if they say 51% it must be much much more!
Oh, please!  You sound like a child.  Grow up!  You are President of the USA. Act like it!
Shame recognize shame
You MUST get the crooks and RHINOS out of government who are constantly working against you.  #firecomey  #cleanupfbi/CIA
you are so delusional.
you really need to come to earth and leave your fantacy world. your a joke.

1.Hey Donald! Our political system was never intended to boost ratings; not yours, not Sean Spicer's not anyone's. You're not on a game show
You wacko’s would vote for rocket man
You guys go to Canada for 8 years if you don’t like it.
Trump is the king of http://politics.Like  Elvis was king of rock n Roll.
Get over it you bunch of winers
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still bea...
Beating Hillary, and winning the election are two different things.  Those millions no longer for you, still vote.
Washington Post, upping their game, now  SHOUT their interruptive ads to deafen me so I cant hear the truth: FAKE ADS?
You can't say that the media is fake after they expose you!  #CNN was telling the truth and you are a liar! #FakePresident
You are believing your own lies!
More lies
Nude, he reviews any ring of thought he must have, calm as a negative of his style, beating. .....
Jesus Christ. What a Russian Stooge
Por qué tan calladito?.
Please President Trump, do not cave in 2 Betty McCollum wanting the govt to keep a study with climate and BWCA in Minnesota
are u serious?
"Would" but you didn't so...why are we discussing hypotheticals 
Newsflash: Hilary is a private citizen.
Why are you so obsessed
#lovemydictator
This is someone scared of what's coming!!!
There's enough buyers' remorse out there; you would lose by a landslide if the election was held today.
