
I miss the obamas!!!
Said no one ever.... lololol
It's gonna feel great to elect trump for another term
Hell yea ! 

Keep whistling past that graveyard.
Define "Free Speech" the type set says Breitbart so I bet this will be "interesting".
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
This is awesome. America needs to get back to this.
Way to go Frank!
Give that kid a job ...
Nice on Honda! MAGA
R u paying him $5 an hour same as ur latinos workers at ur golf resort?
thanks
A great day!!!!
Hardworking real american 
Do you ever work?
How sweet hope he got paid
Little text. BIGLY TEXT. Little text. BIGLY TEXT. Little hands. BIGLY HANDS. Exclamation mark!

#VIAGRAnotWORKINGproperly
Damn you FAKE NEWS! for showing how stupid I am.

Trump's latest post-London tweet storm didn't wait for the facts
My first like

Best FLOTUS ever!
She's the first one to take off her clothes for money, lie about graduating from a university & be both a 1st Lady & 3rd Wife. Trailblazer!
Yeah, why didn't Eleanor Roosevelt think of that?
Well done Frank. You did a great job.

Did anybody else notice the Honda lawnmower??
Frank is the young man.)
Atta kid!!
This is the coolest thing I have seen in quite a while. So proud of FX, my @potus, my @FLOTUS, and my @VP!!! #MAGA
Franks a great guy. Hope he can get done what he has to with limited resources.
Donald, The resistance gives you a grade of F-
Not
Great job Frank! God bless you 
Standing at the Whitehouse with hands in the air - there will be many folks standing in that posture once the Mueller investigation is done.
I knew we would get child labor back! Great job maga
Awesome job young man, now tell Pres. Trump not to make a deal on DACA, no amnesty!
#racist pig
Geez, you liberals are so d-umb, what does DACA have to do about race you f-ool?
Excuse me, DACA ,Hispanics, non white discrimination
Is that English?
You are amazing Mr. President!
Because he is a prick dividing out country by his hateful retoric. We are all Americans regardless of color or religion
Obama divided us with his hatred of America. Grow up.
Our stocks have gone up, jobs gone up, new businesses, gas going down because of Trump. Stop listening to CNN.
Is it just me, or did there seem to be some distinct @Honda product placement in this White House video?
*45 always has some sort of angle - not surprising if this prod placement was intentional
I miss Barry Obama golfing!

#Honda #thepowerofdreams nice ad! And it's FOR FREE !
I love OUR PRESIDENT! He has more class and love for our country and people than obama pretending to!! AWESOMENESS!
Fantastic! This made my day! Thank you, Mr. President! =) P.S. Keep an eye on this kid; he's def going places. ;)
Wants to be a Navy Seal
May very well be one -- or Marine Recon! ;)
Child labor?
Don't you have slaves for that?
I thought that was banned back when the 13th Amendment was passed. :p
lol I think sessions repealed it
You have a good sense of humor, I'll give you that.

You do know that you are the biggest bigly joke on the planet?
What a thrill! I'm happy for the young man
Thank you for supporting and fostering the spirit of entrepreneurship.  It is what makes America so great!
Careful observation found PLASTIK in mower, boy born & raised in SUDAN to Military father. Returned to USA. Approaches POTUS / MEDIA-KABOOM
This 12 year old boy could teach the #NFL something about being American



Obstruction of Justice.


Comical to watch the Trumptards who actually thought that would happen.
It's just as comical to watch the Snowflakes who actually think Trump will be impeached! Most successful @POTUS EVER getting impeached! Haha
http://WWW.ANAI.IT  IN SUPPORT
I LOVE THIS!
I think that was one of the sweetest things you've done so far Mr President! That boy will NEVER forget it! God Bless You & your family!
Something i bet his own kids NEVER did
He never even got a form letter back from Obama when he made the same offer to him a year before....nothing
We absolutely loved this!!!
SO COOL. THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT FOR NOT FORGETTING.

"THE LITTLE ONES"
Very cool!
Noteworthy young man a job well done I wish I could check  off my bucket list.
If this happened during the Obama presidency, u would accuse him of child labor.
I give head of the grass cutters, of all waste of gov jobs, create this one.

I love Frank. He could teach the liberals a lot. Mr. President my love just keeps growing for you! #ClassAct #GodBlessAmerica 
a real civic duty would be to mow lawn for someone unable live the elderly or disabled
Let's cut the National Park Service's budget. Maybe we can put arrested Antifa and BLM members to work. Would love to see them weeding.
Thought you believed in hard work and rolling up your own sleeves. Why not volunteer?
Love it.  You made a life long memory for Frank.  Thanks for taking the time to show just how important these kids are to you.
Democrats must hate seeing an independent hard working young man like this. He'll never end up stuck on welfare fearfully voting for Dems!
Nice HONDA lawnmower! Buy American my ASS, Sir. 
Very cool, Mr. president.  Also, very good optics re: Hurricane relief.  No bragging about crowd size.  Good stuff.
Did Honda really turn this FINE moment into a commercial??  Hope not
Is our country not based on capitalism?

That Kid is awesome!
"But I didn't want to be a PR pawn.
I just wanted to mow the lawn."
This story made my week, great job supporting entrepreneurship all the way to the White House lawn!
Well said ,A real leader Of leaders President Trump really doing A great job to encourage The young & old leader To act4 Americans LOL #MAGA
That's awesome.
Did that kid have legal immigration papers?
Trump is great President
Thanks for supporting our youth
Win win mower for #WH & all those involved #POTUS including the copyright music background contracts! Win win! Greatest positive!
Child labor. Does he have papers?

seems like nice kid. would like to see his opinion when he is adult & does not have influence from parents/media on yr administration.
Now THERE is an Entrepreneur! If you don't ask you don't get!
Kudos to this kids parents! I'd fire my gardener in a second for him!:)
Heartwarming video!
So, now you have resorted to using innocent American boys to steal camera time? You're pathetic. #TrumpResign
Great job Mr. President you're the best
What a great way to show kids anything is possible
@2018MAGAMidTrmT @FLOTUS @NatlParkService Made in USA, baby!
What's going on here please
This is why we're Blessed to have @Potus!He took time out to make a young boys dream come true!That is Awesome !God Bless @realDonaldTrump
LOOK AT THAT !!!!!
You got the wrong President. Obama is the Divider-in-chief!!!

Bet Trump stiffed the kid like he's always stiffed workers.
So glad you made his dream come true. He will have a great memory to tell his children.  Bravo President Trump.
This is the type of workes POTUS wants " children"
Was mower made in USA?
Honda has manufacturing plants in the US
This kid would make for a better President than you!
Amazing how even the most benign act brings out nasty tweets...and what does this have to do with Obama? Lighten up.
Probably the closest you've ever come to someone who works ... bet you didn't know what to do. Orange trash from Queens!
Why is a child mowing the White House lawn, and why is our do nothing President wasting time on this?
THAT kid is the REAL ''DREAMER'', not the foreign trespassers who want to steal HIS heritage, HIS country, HIS jobs, HIS education, HIS VOTE
Nice Honda endorsement. What happened to supporting American companies?
Mowing lawns was my profession before becoming my mother and father's caretaker!
Very nice have fun
Why not pay him in Trump Steaks?
Enough talk with north Korea
Best thing you've done since you've been elected. Accomplishment #1
Was this before or after you shook your wife's hand and practically pushed her out of your way?
Did you pay him, or just give him your cheap crap merchandise made by other kids in China?
For 10 yrs old it takes moxie to even ask to cut the lawn at the White house.  Great job, you will go far, run for Senate we need you.
Only one  thing, shoudn't be an american  brand mower, istead of a Honda? John deer, craftman , etc.
Great Honda commercial!!
Other lawnmower brands are available
Outstanding job Frank! My three-year-old son was tickled to see that and said he wanted to do that as well. Oh the places you will go
Hey if some other Kids where as enthusiastic about working especially for Ourcountry, they too would be invited to the White House...
All of your trump army's will be pissed if you let them trick you into the Paris climate lie aka   UN agenda 21
Thank-you young man. Making America great again. We need more great young Americans like this.
Awesome!
I love this warms my heart! Thank you for making time for this young man
I see the next CEO of a major lawn equipment company. Awesome video. FX
Go to town FRANK, you the Man!
TY And TY POTUS, America Is Blessed To Have You As Our President!!
That's lovely.. but ed secretary #DeVos aims to cut $$ from special needs programs in public schools.
Is Honda behind it?or boy behind Honda?
Awesome!
Should give ALL children the ummp to get off their butts from video games & cell phones.  Make something of yourself.  This kid was GREAT!!!
wow making him do labor for u wow ur so nice
Delusional Donnie--exploiting child labor making it all about himself to garner cheap headlines & photo ops!

A craven shyster corrupts all!

Aww Ikr!
Totally great!!!! Thank you!!!
What a work ethic. Love it!!!
I must say, I truly love this video! Very cool to allow this kid to come to the WH! That's a memory I'd never forget if it was me!
KID THEY ARE USING YOU TO TRY AND LOOK HUMAN. RUN FOR YOUR LIFE BEFORE MELANIA TAKES OFF HER LIZARD MASK AND TRUMP DRAINS YOUR BLOOD
how great was that!
A great example to his generation. Should make many in older generations feel ashamed of themselves for their crybaby antics.

What a noble, heart rendering thing to do, Mr President Trump
How do you even relate to this kid, when your father drove you in tbe family limosine for your paper route?
Ridiculous that @potus would be allowed to pardon people implicated / #complicit in his crimes #trumpRUSSIA #treason Goes for @VP too! SAD
Since he's getting rid of the mexican laborers Trump's moving on to child labor. Making American Great Again, just like the 1800's!
Do we have any lawn mowers made in America?
Say no to Mexican gardeners, say yes to child labour.
so very nice of you to take this interest in this young boy.  what a great person you are !!!
You can literally watch people work all day, can't you?
On tv.
that little boy is creepy.  Oh, and the kid in the red shirt is kind of creepy too
This is awesome,  more of this please.  Thank you.
Best thing he did since winning the election :p you cant Fault this.
Of course #NYtimes reporting that this gesture sends a bad message and can be seen as violating child labor laws  Unbelievable liberal rag
God blessed him 
so Awesome!!
Love,love ,love this. Kid with ambition. He's going to go far in life! Thank you Mr. President .what a great example!
He was so adorable! You gave him an opportunity of a lifetime!! Oh, and Frank did a fantastic job, too!
Why'd you use a white kid?
It pretty cool this kid got to do his request with Mr Trump
...allowed around ANY children EVER!
Couldn't we get him a John Deere instead of a Honda?
Good for the kid but it looks like a commercial for the Honda lawn mower! Hmmm.
Jp
President mentoring a future business owner. Thank you for making America great again.
Real Donald Trump
It looks like a commercial for Honda then anything else!
Great promo for Honda Mowers too! Hope they negotiated a great % of potential video / adds 4 commercials for the boys future too! Congrads!
Free labor
We know you love slave labor... cheaper the better...   #MAGA dump Trump
This boy going to be a great man
Poor kid.
A TAIL OF TWO PRESIDENTS
Remember when @POTUS44 invited #ClockBoy to @WhiteHouse for making a clock that looked like a bomb!

Meanwhile!...
BREAKING: Nerd Hero Teen Didn’t Whittle His Clock From Scratch, Send Him To Gitmo! http://wonkette.com/594120/breaking-nerd-hero-teen-didnt-whittle-his-clock-from-scratch-send-him-to-gitmo … #CNN #ClockBoy #Wonkette
Cool
My guess is that watching Frank is the first time you have even been near a lawn mower.
https://twitter.com/glendabas/status/909408222137737217 … @potus
It's a sad world when the majority of our country realizes our POTUS is unstable and we r left to dream impeachment and make jokes @potus
