Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - mee...
Absolutely Mr. President and no problem take a rest
I know it's not. I know you work wherever you are.
You were accused of playing Golf .. Not possible with Barry and Mike Jamming up every course from here to Mecca.
Weird.....its like you are feeling guilty over something or trying to hide something
BULLSHIT
You're doing a great job! #StockMarket Dow Jones correction and Democrats rejoice. Lowest black unemployment in American history and Democrats pout! #MAGA #Economy
Donald Trump will never be in peach Name me one person who can-do the job that he has to do OI know nobody
You are the hardest working POTUS ever!
Good.  Stay there.  #LameDuck
C
You're sure doing a LOT of tweeting for someone that's in meetings and so called calls. The calls are your tweets. It's been raining,no golf
I Bet WH Construction will be 1/2 the Time & Under Budget @POTUS!  UR The BEST!!! #MAGA 
Fake news calls it whatever.
Congress on break however.
True! Looks like you're taking 18 little meetings every day!
We don't mind if you go to NJ but thanks for letting us know
How's Golf?
Does your boss Putin have you waiting by the phone?
Trump... Just go away !  Your behavior is disgusting.

I don't understand why twitter masks the media in this post, but nudity and stuff doesn't get masked at all. grr.
It's because the Trumpkin snowflakes get triggered when you make fun of Trump so they report it, lol.
Sure Donald
Leave NJ
We all believe you Donald.

Not.
What bullshit. We're not all stupid, just 33%.
Who pays for your luxury "non vacation"?

Working for free?
Working for us?

Nope. Just peddling your brand.

On taxpayer dime.
Liar

MEETINGS and CALLS!  MEET you on the first tee.  I CALL dibs on that first hot dog at the turn.
You just wanted out of the "dump" and wanted to golf let's be honest for once.
Calling Ivanka, watching TV, and tweeting #WorkWorkWork
I left out  your crap shortgame that needs #work
No one likes you
Sure you are.

Hardest working president
Go away
Your WH already announced your 17 day vacation. It's not like they are fumigating the "dump", you could have stayed to work. You big liar!
http://the-lounger.com 
I wouldn't be vacationing when I'm the target of two grand juries either! I assume those meetings and calls are with your lawyers?
How many fabulously-expensive criminal defense attorneys have you hired? Four? Plus all of their (not as expensive) associates?
I keep pointing out, it'll be a lot easier for him to flee the country if he's already outside of DC.
He's even been practicing sitting in a big rig and a fire truck, so he can improvise for escape vehicles. He's a mastermind at this!

Is Camp David closed or is it too hard for you to make a living there while you do your side hustle as POTUS?
Putin mocked u with pictures of himself on vacation...shirtless...catching fish and basically laughing at you.
Get to work and quit playing golf!
About time they fix up that dump huh? @realDonaldTrump #idiot
Glad to have you in NJ . We know you are working hard.
Baloney!

3 Years, 5 Months, 14 Days, 18 Hours, 23 Minutes, and 9 Seconds
Add four years to this bot
Smells like BS
So you are watching Fox News and yelling at the TV. You are LIAR!!
Lies lies and more lies.
No you are there because you think the White House is a dump.
You are destroying your family. http://ir.net/news/politics/126572/report-ivanka-don-jr-eric-implicated-ny-money-laundering-investigation/ …
It Doesn't  matter you will soon be in prison
And we all will be laughing.
And dancing!  And drinking!
There are bottles of champagne we didn't open on November 8.
Get ready to enjoy them when the time comes!
Don't worry Mr. President we don't believe fake news anymore #FakeNews
you mean trump's tweet? I hope
So you demanded they do construction because you think the White House is a dump?
For all the work you claim to do, you get nothing done!
So busy, lining up bribes, suppressing witnesses, screwing the constituents you lied to in the first place, etc.

How much is Trump Inc making from your stay?
If the white House is torn up (the Dump) then go stay at your Hotel in Wash.,DC. U said you were never to go on vacation.
#pimppotus
Just stay on vacation, Donny. We're all better off.
The fact that you have to tweet this is hilarious
Thank you for being the hardest working American. Praying for you, praying for our Country.
Your on the golf course and you've had a tweet storm today= not working very hard
Please take a vacation. 8 years would be good.
Quit taking credit for Obamas work. Your so jealous of Obama you want to get rid everything he has done. Except obamacare ya can't do that
Aren't you afraid the lightning bolt will get you one of these days for all your lies?
tear that dump heap down, put in couple doublewide mobile homes there
Except that it really is a vacation, Mr. 33% Approval.

tRumps vacation schedule: 5-6 a.m. tweet, 6 a.m.-1p.m.  Fox & friends,msnbc & CNN. 
 Lunch then 2-6 p.m. golf. More fox, msnbc & CNN.
Golf.
Lol, resign! Please?
Your entire life is a vacation.
You don't work when you're IN the White House, why should we think you're working now? FYI - tweeting & watching cable news is NOT work.
You don't have to explain to the haters we know how hard you are working for us and we thank you
Oh bullshit
DON'T FORGET THE GOLF. Keep spinning Donny. your base grows weaker every day - soon you'll be alone w/ your alt-facts.
President does not have vacation, even a small president of the company like me
You watch cable news 8 hours a day, you tweet 4 hours a day, you’re in hair and make up for 3 hours a day: your LIFE is a vacation!
... And 18 holes
Lies on top of lies
trump DOESNT CARE IF SOME AMERICANS DIE….THEY’RE POOR, EXPENDABLE.PPL THINK HE CARES
HES GREATEST LIAR IN HISTORY OF THE
HES GENIUS LIAR
I think you mean ranting tweets instead of meetings and calls. Plus ça change.....
You mean you're vacationing while renovating the "dump "
Then maybe you should put your phone down, turn off the tv & do some actual work
Why redecorate, you will be out soon!
Bull

If it's NOT a vacation, then release your schedule. No schedule released today. Why?
Looking for wire taps??
One call lmfao - what a waste of space & time this guy is
More lies....what do you expect on vacation working meetings?
And plenty of time on the golf course. Maybe you should walk instead of using the cart... getting pretty chunky there.
FYI #LiarInChief, Golfing is NOT working. You ARE on vacation, you've taken more vacation than any other POTUS in first 6 months. #LOSER
You lie!
On yhe golf course?
On a golf cart bwahahahahahahahaha you are such a tool!
Donald Trump filmed ‘playing golf’ after saying he will be working
enjoy your vacations. by the way...who was the russian  oligarch you met with this weekend?
Resign @POTUS

keep making those calls! we love when the world leaders LEAK them to the media! they like showing the world what  a terrible deal maker U R!
You know, it is okay to take some vacation. You just make it hard on yourself when you deny you are on vacation.
Since when is texting working?  You are getting more and more pathetic!!
Bull. Just like all your lies.

It BECAME a "working vacation" when the media reported the only thing you outdid Obama on was golfing outings and expenses incurred.
Where will they hang all the naked pics of Melania and Ivanka?
Love our great President
U called out Obama for all his vacations u have taken more in 6mo than he did in 4 yrs PRES OBAMA WAS A GREAT PRESIDENT  stop bashing him
How much is this VACATION costing us? #leach

Also, the sun was in his eyes and the dogs ate his homework.  
Wrong! No dog would touch anything he touched.
Working on your back nine, right? No wait... that's Putin's job.
At the same time as Putins vacation? It wouldn't surprise me if you're actually meeting Putin somewhere.
Lies
So long planned, like 6 months?
Really working hard at golf, tweeting & watching TV shows, whew! All I have to show for 7 mos is Russian sanctions law & stupid-ass red hats
Oh Donnie... Paid vacation. Something many taxpayers don't have.
Right!  Working, with golf clubs, yea!
You have an entire hotel by the white house. Why NJ?
Bullying people on twitter is NOT working.  @FLOTUS when will you stop your husbands cyberbullying??????? #sad #satanisbusy #CyberBullying
meetings and calls in newyork also???? dont beleive it
Bogies and cake!
Pathological liar...watching tv and golfing as you always do...Republicans are raising money to run against you...ask your VP Pence
WE'LL SEND IVANKA, ERIC, JR, MANAFORT, FLYNN, PENCE, CONWAY, AND KUSHER TO JAIL! YOU'LL BE IMPEACHED! YOU WILL NOT BE IN OUR HOUSE FOR LONG!
Are they putting in gold taps??
Greeting Wedding parties and boosting YOUR business is NOT working for the NATION! The only one benefiting from your presidency is YOU!
Obama cost taxpayers $12M per year on average.  Heil Drumpf has cost taxpayers over $55 MILLION in just 6 months for vacation time
you liar!!!!
Better sweep the place for bugs, electronic and crawling.


Call it what you like, Donnie, but you never work. It's all about golf vacations paid for by the American taxpayers you pretend to serve
How much are we paying for  your security at your country club. USE CAMP DAVID like a responsible employee. You are a parya!
Right. Golf is really a lot of work! You can't listen to Walter Shaub and stay the hell away from your properties, either. Unbelievable.
Thank u got all your hard work! We're behind us 100%
A working vacation? You must thing we are all gullible. We know the real truth and it never comes from you.
hilarious
Lyin Don. 25 % support Con Artist, Pres baby man. Please don't decorates in Dictator Decor style as all you guys do- gold and gawdyNo taste.
America does not believe you
Whatever!
Is this the official meeting where you sit with your puppets and make them stroke your goofy  ego by making them say how much they love you?
Now if only @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr  would recall their houses and get back to work. They are voiding your agenda by attrition.
Wow, meetings and calls. You are unbelievable
Really? Then what's that long stick in your hand, a hoe to clean the weeds around the land w/ sand piles everywhere?
Your whole presidency has been a vacation, you bum
Bedminster? Your club? What a dump.
Ditched Secret Service today 4 secret meet w Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich (tied to Putin). More favors? Releasing the pee pee video?
try being president not starting a third world War physically over your rhetoric diverson from investigation
Hey Mr President.. Enjoy your family hopefully with some kind of privacy.. I have never been polled but I will vote for you in 2020
How much gold leaf did you order?
It is profiting from the presidency.  Go to camp David like other presidents have
take some donald time
You always tweet about how much work you do.  YES, ITS A DIFFICULT JOB!!  Stop whining and just do it.

The White House is a dump next to swanky New Jersey.
Did Melania have any input on White House renovations? Did you?

BULLSHIT---YOU WATCHING TV  AND EATING JUNK FOOD. YOU PLAY WAY MORE GOLF THAN OBAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please stay there and "work" as long as you like. Seriously!
I wonder how the accommodations are in HELL 
this is what he says every time he PLAYS GOLF (August 5, 2017; 18:36 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Meetings, calls and Twitter tantrums.
OMFG, go away
Fear not!  The hand of God is with you.
You are an embarrassment to our country and the people who love this country!
I've been working on my golf swing too. Any tips Mr. President?
Work, work, work very busy here !!
Working at taking a vacation
Is that anywhere near where first shipment of Russian steel came in?
A work office I can golf at! Wow you gave up so much to be president. Not.
I would hope your still working!
I would take the time to bring in pest control to get rid of the Bugs you Have in the WH after they let the dogs out of the swamp on you.
Yeah right how's that golf swing!
What the f*** when you say you're not on vacation and you're on vacation who cares the president can go on vacation every day as long as he
Does his job who cares don't lie you're on vacation when are you going to go on vacation if you're not on vacation so sad so sad grew up.
@tomguy1122 according to the liberal a holes it is but I don't listen to them anyway 
Are u getting ur gold toilet u big whiny man baby ?
You are the POTUS, of course you never have vacation. That is part of the job. Twitter less and work harder for your country!
