See how that goes for you when you take HC from 30 million American voters. Even Russia won't be able to get them back for you
Republicans obstructed for eight years with you cheering them on.  You reap what you sow.
#TrumpRussia
@gop totally locked @TheDemocrats out of the process that's existed for 225 years.Trying to be mini-you dictators. Don't know how to govern
All the @op as done this decade is block, block, block! They've done nothing. Congress was intended for all members to hash things out
If they cared about the country & the people they would have allowed the improvements to ACA to happen over the last few years
They don't want to fix issues. They want to kill healthcare for their donors.
It's no fun being super rich if you can't keep the good stuff for yourself. Who do the citizens think they are after all
How will @gop stay in power if they aren't dreaming up fake dramas to rile their base up over. All they've done for 35 years or more
Tea Party showed up with a philosophy of no compromise.That did it . Look at the drafts of The Declaration or The Constitution .Cross outs.
Thank you his Excellency i wish your a president of uganda
If they keep this up, they won't have a party!
I'm at the end of my patience! We're not stupid! IMO need to replace as many Rep.as Dems.! All Obstruct Nation progress & they get wealthy!
@GartrellLinda Then the @republicanparty better get behind you!! Either they Step up or shut up! Vote them out, need fresh
We voters gave them the HR,Senate & WH. What, they need us to vote for them in Congress too?Are they ever going to earn their pay???
Actually if McCain and McConnell would retire, Mr President ... well just drain the swamp and that will take care of it.
Loser!  This losing has just begun, resign now
Or a better leader.  Remember that attitude reflects leadership.
And the republicans were so very helpful and unobstructed politicians when Obama was in office right?! Nice try!!!
What happened to that famous deal-making acumen, Donny?
It's not the Democrats fault Republicans can't make a good healthcare plan.
E.A.D
You literally have the largest majority in congress since 1929-1931, the Dems aren't the problem, you are.
You did this to yourself.
Good luck with that.
Maybe get off he golf course get out of the news with your familia bs and stop going to Europe and actually learn GOV Pres Bannon Ryan Kush
Republicans control all three branches of government...
And couldn't get a simple majority together in order to move the senate health bill to the floor...
There wasn't even a chance for Democrats to obstruct
Your a researcher, do your research before commenting, to fix everything requires bipartisanship, Dems are not working with the other side.
I hope they do repeal it so everyone that voted for and still are behind him get what they deserve.
#babysteps this mask did not happen overnight. We cannot expect to fix it overnight. God bless and Godspeed
Do you think before you tweet, or do you just tweet whatever random thought enters your head? You should resign. You are TERRIBLE at this.
The GOP is certainly not going to ride a wave of Trump approval ratings to victory https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …
Drain the swamp
You've never really explained why you think they should vote for you when you are trying to repeal THEIR OWN policies...
Trump's appointments are running at a subglacial speed. Blames Dems, not his appointment's ethical issues, baggage.
And may I remind you that Repubs have majorities in both houses, hence, the failure is all yours. You can't organize a piss up in a brewery!
Piss up is an English slang expression that means drinking party, as in getting pissed....
That isn't what obstruction is moron. The GOP is a failed political party who can not govern for the people. How is all that winning going?
we need a new president
You mean with a bigger majority you can do whatever you want? Democracy doesn't work like that. Remember: Check & Balance.

TRUMP! Maybe you should focus on making non-shit bills that people actually support! #JustAThought #GetBackToWork
#wrong

Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
But Mr President, the GOP has to do something now before I continue to vote for more.
Sounds to me like it's the PRESIDENT that's got no mojo. Art of the deal? Deals get things done. You've signed fewer bills than Carter
There will be less republicans next year
Give us universal or single payer insurance
Not agreeing with you isn't obstruction
And what did the republicants do under Obama??? What a liar.
Resign.
It doesn’t work like that. Because you don’t agree with the President doesn’t mean he needs to resign. Durrr
You're absolutely right. 

He should resign because he's in way over his head and has no idea how to function as a president.
Your opinion, he doesn’t have to resign because that’s how you feel. Stop trying to undermine democracy.
Just like him getting help from the Russians to win, undermined democracy. That kind of undermining?
That’s a fake scandal. You bought it and it’s pathetic.
Your opinion.
I wish you hurry up & pick up leave our White House than have someone like ( Democrats) clean out all the dirty shit you left behind. ASAP!!
Infantile tweeting from a fake president.
Ummm... To me it appears as if the GOP has no ideas and can't pass anything with a Majority. I Think the Dems need majority
OBAMA Likely Saved America in his last months as President!
RETWEET to Thank Our Last REAL President
He was a racist bum
Said the troll with 1 follower
No need for name calling....that's the problem with u people from other countries
 You come here looking for a free ride
Then when it gets cut ur pointing fingers. If trump gave u a free ride here  you be kneeling and kissing his feet
Preach it! #MAGA reforming America back to its rightful ways
Of letting innocent people die
We are going to need some new republicans 
So true Steph! RINOs have been betraying us in subtle ways for years. Now it's out in the open. "Repeal/Replace" means Replace RINOs first!
Every Repub in office is there b/c they repeatedly promised to repeal O'care. 
Every. Single. One
I guess they care more about the fact that less than 20% of Americans agree with the republican's new plan.
And here's a little leftie ankle-biter troll with _5_ faux "followers." Boy does this kind swarm like flies whenever the signal is given.
Well I have a lot of followers and agree. 20% is generous as to the percentage of the country that liked this killing bill
The degree to which people want O'care repealed is the degree to which the Repub gained control of govt since 2010. House/Senate/Presidency.
Did you think all those personal attacks on Twitter would make the Dems more or less likely to work with you?
See, I would think the answer would be less, but I'm not a big important deal-maker like you. #CEOPresident
Well we don’t need ppl like mccain who institute takes money from soros these r paid off globalist we need new ppl
gee...isn't that what GOP did for 6 years?
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems tota...
yes my preasedent in America

Division, Resistance, Party before Country
Then give them something they can vote on!
But really? How do you expect Dems to come on board when you viciously attack them at all turns. Reps following suit. Listen to them.
They both attack each other and now humble pie must be served!
You have a super majority and you can't get anything done. That failure rests with you Mr so called @POTUS
To blame the president for the congress not doing stuff is illogical. They are completely different ascpects of law. No correlation AT ALL.
Civics 101. They are supposed to work together.  having two branches under one party control this stuff should be easy.Buck stops with Trump
"supposed" to... But not all people agree. No party totally agrees about everything. Would you rather they pass laws they don't see?
I'd rather have transparency in government with honest principled leaders working together to make America strong for ALL Americans.
Transparency will never be fully active in any career field. And how is all of U.S. voting for republicans in the election? I'd love to hear
Well if you state it, then why it must be true. Defeatist thinking. Ummm. Russia hacked our election man. Hate to break it to you
PLEASE JUST SHUT UP!
One thing about the Looney Left is that they are far stronger than the Whimpy Right!
Aren't you the guy who pretended to write The Art of the Deal?  What happened to your ability to make deals?

Restart for iran
Dems will get more victories. Trump care DOA.
With all due respect, this ain't happening with your approval rating at sub-40%.  Go to sleep and dream of fat Republican majorities!
I've been informed Mueller has prepared a dossier with all of the damning information he has compiled on Trump to release if he is fired
SurpriseSurpriseSurprise all Republicans believe we should fire sessions fire Rosenstein fire Mueller put new people in Who WILL ABET TRUMP
You are like a bad joke - controlling both House and Senate and claiming Dem "obstruction".

Pathetic

Ha..was just looking at an old tweet of yours re: this and Obama...you are a bigly hypocrite.
Not true. THEY HAVE NO POWER!!!! oh, remember SCOTUS? Stop the hypocrisy. It's already so old.
Republicans control the House, the Senate and the Presidency and they still can't create a good healthcare bill. SAD.
Can't get it up eh doniee?
And your GOP boys are jumping ship left and right.  I LOVE IT!!
Everyone is talking about that 2nd meeting with Putin. TrumpRussia is now TrumpPutin connection. Sad for American democracy.
that is why so much hate&obstruction. They are afraid you will break up their secret club of self interest&loose their tainted
money.
We need more Trump supporter in house these RINO establishment have failed us
Crazy is doing the same stupid things over and over again and expecting different results. SHOW SOME LEADERSHIP & WORK ACROSS THE AISLE!
What you call obstruction, American citizens call it protection; from you and your regime.
REDICOULOUS !! YOU ARE SO WRONG AGAIN....STILL ....CONSTANTLY!!
And you work hard to prevent from getting it
So you don't understand what a majority is, I guess.
Dems don't obstruct--they have been left out of govt by Repubs who forgot we have a democratic republic where everyone must be represented.
Next year? I voted for this year Sir...
GOP blames Dem's for not supporting it?!?
Would you give arsonist matches as he's pouring gas all over ur house? Obvious intent=destructive
Fake info.
Your party has control of ALL THREE BRANCHES . It's your fault you're impotent!
You got the Supreme court justice that GOP obstructed for 1 yr. Democrats are following their lead. Make a deal or you're fired.
No you see how 44 felt when trying to push his agenda, without Republican support. Bipartisanship is the only way to go, 4 the good of peopl
Excuse me but I thought the majority of the senate consisted or republicans. Stop blaming other people for your own mistakes like a child
victories? You're not a sports team. Try uniting the country - that is YOUR job.


wow you used the word victories instead of winning. This is great and beautiful, im glad you finally expanded your vocabulary by 1 word
Heh-heh-heh. u really think u'll b in office next year? I loved Nixon compared to the contempt I have 4 u. u`re the Worst!
The majority is very small?  Kinda like your hands?
Ur health bill is gone.. Live with it Mr toddler
Are you 12 or something? Stomping your feet?
& like the Republicans didnt do that too? Politics is the same the world over & its the people that suffer for it.
You misspelled dictatorship.

Its pretty fucking embrassing.
米国の勝利の為日本救出を願う
 #謝蓮舫 4重国籍である可能性が超濃厚となる証拠が明らかになる！【4重国籍日本国会議員】日本国会に #朝鮮族 潜伏日売国したり中韓の都合のいい法律を作り対処法をすると #報道テロ で安倍総理を妨害　
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoWA32LKQH4 …
You need to be in prison for treason. And tax evation. You are a lying basturd.the American party will fire u in 2020. Scotty K.
Shame on u
Dems learned to "obstruct" from the GOP. Your selective memory will be your downfall...
these folks need 2 get their sh..t together it really sucks 2c these fat cats not get it done.I can expect the left 2 resist truth it's bs
Just like the republicans where doing during Obama's presidency!
Even Rep won't vote for something that won't benefit the American people. They know they work for US not YOU!
No, the bill has too many flaws for them to even consider. Some very smart Republicans stood up too.
Dems were not involved at all, were not asked about the bill.  This is not how Congress is supposed to work.

In order 2 have loyalty U must B loyal. Mr Sessions  does not deserve such treatment. Couldn't hav foreseen looney left going bat shit crazy
Hats what Republicans did for the last 8 years. Want a tissue??

The dems are crooked as hell. What a shock!!!
You're a LOSER! The USA is tired of losing, as well as your ignorance about, well, everything!
Wonderful new healthcare,  cut taxes,  launch a massive investment structure,  build a wall....NOT 1 CAMPAIGN PROMISE no WINS,  no victory 
Amen!
Not obstruction. That's faithfully representing  constituents. Thx @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats! No we #Lockhimup #impeach @realdonaldtrump

Dems aren't the only ones who obstruct. Obama faced the same from reps when he was in the WH. The 2 party system doesn't work anymore.
You are not running a sports team? Dems are not the enemy. You are supposed to be everyone's president. Not just president of your base.
Obama was able to get much passed even when Repubs controlled House and Senate. It must be you.
#trump #maga
It is too bad you can't convince your Republicans to giv you 100% support.
Suck it up buttercup, this is the same shit Obama was subjected to for 7 years... Turn about is fair play.
Lame excuses. With majority in house and senate your policies should pass with ease. Sad!
Huh, what did you call it when Republicans obstructed Obama!
Or you could, you know, work in a bipartisan fashion and not try to be a dictator. That could work if you decided to govern for the people.
Obama did much better with lower numbers
Diddums.. So some senate Republicans have a conscience.. You weren't expecting that were you
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qUuHDOq58XU … Where is the HC for all?!? I've been waiting!
Dems obstruct for the people. Better than claiming Christian with phony MP, then taking from poor 2 give to rich. Hypocrisy at it's finest.
You should learn history.
The Rhinos need to be replaced too. Keep up the good fight President Trump. #IStandWithTrump

We need a total change in this country Congress Sen when @SenBlumenthal who owns Empire St bldg is in there & others like em #GetEmOut #Out
Yes, those who oppose you place the people above the nonsense of tax cuts at the expense of the poor.

#news #p2 #tcot #UniteBlue @cspanwj
tell #Republicans to stop being wuss.
Get a clue republicans have the majority , you and  they still can't get it right!

The Democrats will only vote if it hurts America. Let's get back at them on Election Day. They are used to losing! MAGA...
Dems don't obstruct. That's YOUR party's motive!
Maybe bc it wasnt the real repeal that Republicans have been promising #fullrepeal #noreplace #freemarketrules
