We need to duplicate some of the methods used by Israel to protect their airports..
we need more security at airportsTel Aviv Airport Security
Ben Gurion International Airport,is one of the world safest.
We Love Your President Trump
we need gun control Trump
gun control is for pussys we need more guns!!!
go Mr. President. America is behind you
we need more well trained law abiding citizens to stop terrorist. Active shooter trainings.
you are the worst
Poor florida - to top it off no one drinks their orange juice anymore. I wonder what they do with all those oranges.
And you had the power to do what exactly? Scott is as self-serving as you, you least popularly elected president ever!
why are you confering with Gov Scott Do you not understand you are NOT @POTUS & have zero authority beyond Tweeting
don't worry Donald Trump you won and you know it keep that in mind  the more they try to invent we're proud we voted !
All military have access to guns regardless. Had the FBI been not being busy covering up for Hillary Clinton there'd b no incident.
@KathyDee79 @realDonaldTrump
incorporate the structure of NYC crime is under control. blame is placed on police officers Doing their job to Protect

Thank you Donald , I have complete confidence in you and your plans for this country, please keep it up! No political bullshit. Stay real with us!!!! Talk straight, just like you have been, no filter! @realDonaldTrump
How on earth can US citizen allow guns for anyone who wants to buy weapons
Thank you!
Once the sea rise, your grotesque digs will be under water.
thank you, God bless
one doesnt need prayers. How about good old common sense.
Prayers are worthless. You don't care about the People at all.
Friday 1/20/2017 a big day. Congratulations President USA
President Trump Please pull every single federal penny from my State of California... We need your guidance and support.
you will have to balance and and agree and disagree on some many many issues.  God be with you always .
Have a great productive day, you always do.
God bless you protect you inspire you to do good deeds .
is better than nothing. You do what us within your reach.
yes Mr. President let's say that Mr. Trump will get some a few at best some of what you spoke about a few
@Reince how about some actual action on gun safety? You know where you can stuff your "thoughts and prayers"...
go president
Yes it was. Florida  will be okay. It is so sad.
Muslim terrorism, Mexican rapists? I've got solutions (walls). American terrorism? Nothing we can do about it, act of God.
Governor Scott IS the terrible situation in Florida.
Even during shootings at nightclub in Orlando, it was your fatherly voice I wanted to hear, not the flacid Obama.
How can we "stay safe" if you don't even believe in gun control or background checks and are supported by the NRA?
You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
I pray u repent& know how to #getaprayerthrough
I wish I could have counted on you being there with me in Vietnamese government to on Jan 31 1968,    So tell me why now
xdxxd
he said actions such as ts shows d darkness of ts word BUT #JesusChrist d light of d world I read-->
men!! I just completed my #Janiary2017 missive 2 Bishop Perry & my Pastor Fr Bob mentioned d #Chicagoshootings continue &
Yeah - thoughts, prayers have always helped!
ur not president yet you can't monitor anything
need more guns in MURICA now not enough guns yet
Your Leadership, Your Caring & keeping in touch with Governor Scott in this Tragedy speaks Volumes!  GOD BLESS AMERICA & U!
Release your taxes
GUN CONTROL
could you find a room. For SheLa and Brian Weber? Acquaintance of Mike Pence. Got Invited, no room.  Text me.
but who will protect us from you?
Thoughts and prayers will not do much...
thoughts an prayers for everyone an their families an other
what will prayers do if I was god I wouldn't let these terrible things happen
You need to stand down, get out of the way, and let competent people do their jobs.
Thanks
deport all Muslims before it's to late.
if you care stop teaching Hate. Hater Hate,Bullies Bully, stop your  insults, people have Feeling. Have you no Shame
law and order indeed.
hey #asshat, Obama's #FarewellSpeech has too many big words, concepts, feelings for you to even comprehend. You're a clown
If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
My mother was more of a man then you.
I wish people would give you a chance before trying to destroy you for no reason.
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
A LOT OF PEOPLE CRAZY IN U S A BECAUSE OF DRUGS
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
will prayer work this time?
Minecraftcrazy530
thoughts and prayers get nothing done - are you a man who does something or prays for it?

You mean the election results?
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
Why is he contacting you? Instead of the sitting President? Oh right...it's political...
Government False Flag?? They will do ANYTHING to Stop You / US!
The state of US immigration offices: https://youtu.be/O5pWPyURecg .
I have not the slightest of doubt the killing is initiated by this evil Nazi Soros n others associated w/ him!
why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
and Obama yet to be contacted. He does nothing
you're a dumb ass. 
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
- wonder why the governor contacted Mr. Trump and not Obama?  We know why disgraceful excuse for a President.
Fuck your thoughts and Prays...DO SOMETHING GUNS!!!!!!!
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you would be twice as funny as you are.
All the branches fell off your family tree when you were born
"Thoughts and Prayers"... such a charismatic leader.  Why not send a gift basket from the Trump Tower gift shop?
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
two words: gun control
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
Nice thoughts. Maybe err on the side of tweeting like this, only.  Like saying kind stuff. Being a genuinely decent person.
I just love your tweets. I know it irritates some but I love knowing what my president is thinking and doing. MY PRESIDENT!
Our prayers are with the victims and their families.
No Muslim, what a wasted opportunity for da man with #smallhands and #nogame #smallhandsnogame
nice that u monitor it, but what r u going to do? rational gun controls like no guns for mentally disturbed people
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
Yo momma was like a racecar driver. She burns lots of rubbers!
do something about gun control then. Action, not condolences
Airport lobby is a gun free zone. If I'd been there carrying I'd have risked my life to stop this guy. Need that changed!
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
uhm ... how do we stay safe with the fuhrer at the helm?
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
All you do is pray. Get real and change America into a gun-free country. You have the power to prevent these tragedies.
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
You're the reason men beat their wives
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
Thoughts and prayers for Florida .....
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
zacktheripr
Everyone's thoughts, prayers, well wishes, help, and support should go out to them. Unfortunately that's now unAmerican...
It's so backasswards, isn't it?!
@KidOyeniya at least he acknowledged it I guess
I'll bet you pray often! What's your favorite prayer?
why?! You are not the president! There is one president right now and the is Oresident Obama!
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
My mother was more of a man then you.
simple. Outlaw ALL ammunition in baggage. If you can't take over 2 oz of shampoo why ammo?
we all know you dont give a shit about the people of Florida or anywhere else. stop pretending.
how are you going to stop this?
and who did the govern call? NOT Obama !!! But PRESIDENT TRUMP
Go away I was looking at something better than you
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
please continue monitoring. I am frightened at what might result from your ill-advised actions.
Fake I think it is a set up from the other side..
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
http://www.thedailysheeple.com/yet-another-mass-shooter-claims-the-cia-was-controlling-my-mind_012017 …
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1432822533395104&id=100000021147244 …

What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
...Today we lost 2 of our officers. .. ... we so need to #MAGA!
These Muslims HEAR THEIR CALL TO WAR, are soldiers sent 1 by 1 to KILL ALL NOT Muslim; World is a victim 2 Gorilla warfare.

Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
