Is that why David Duke praised the words of @realDonaldTrump?
The KKK was starred by the Democrat party! #AltLeft is The KKK aka the Democrats!
*Started
This is intellectually dishonest & ignores the ideological flip-flop that Dem & Rep parties underwent in the late 19th/early 20th century.
Yes, Southern white supremacy operated out of the Dem Party starting in the 19th century but the party started attracting northern libs 1/?
Creating ideological fiction. Liberals won, the Dem party started to support civil rights & drove conservative (esp southern) whites out 2/?
These conservative whites realigned with the Republican party. Here's a history lesson: http://nym.ag/WiBGeX  3/3
I guess multiple CEOs had no idea either.
 
Naive who favor 1 activist over other, advisestay out of it. These groups are paid terrorists theres no 'peaceful' in US protests now
True
Since he didn't condemn them AT ALL, your post is a LIE. trump gave them a small slap on the wrist then RETRACTED even that much!
Hope you are eating your words after yesterday?
You are absolutely right. The Media is useless now that President TRUMP is in office.  OMFG, they were just like this with Obama. NOT!
HE BLAMED BOTH SIDES. HE SAID THERE WERE GOOD PEOPLE MARCHING WITH NAZIS AND WHITE SUPREMACISTS. TAKE OF UR ROSE COLORED GLASSES. HE IS DONE
And who has been fueling all this?  #ArrestGeorgeSoros
I force myself 2watch MSN just 2 let it sink in that there r really folks that BELIEVE Media hate & act it out
Sad
While some disagree, he did condemn violence, just not specific hate groups. If he can condemn Radical Islamic terrorists, why not Nazis?
I hope he names all of them - Altright, KKK, Antifa, BLM - they are all racists terrorists!
Troll Alert: #altRIGHT #KKK #WhiteSupremacists are not #BLM #BlackLivesMatter or #Antifa. 

#TorchLight march #Charlottesvillle were #Nazis.
Even Fox News is ticking me off. No mention of Antifa and they continue to bash Trump
Aside from saying they were fine people and blaming victims.  Get fucked
Turn off the HATE @CNN fake & hateful & NOT news
I do not watch @CNN @ABC @CBS @NBC MSNBC & will not watch until they stop the  negative coverage on Pres Trump  They R the real terrorist
#bye
From this point on, the MSM has become the alt-left fake media. "ALFM"!
Because he didn't.
Trump confirmed America's worst fear.
A Racist & Bigot in the Oval Office, who cares more about his winery than a dead young woman. #resist
They never learn. This is the kind of nonsense that bolsters @POTUS support and creates new Trump voters.
Oh Donny boy, u r so lost..........wasn't even a good try!
You thought that was a strong rebuke? Really? An educated man such as yourself? I call bullshit.
And holy hell, I've never even had it but my gaydar just went off the charts when I saw you.
He didn't he's part of it
So much so that the Nazis praised him for it!! They were so clearly, unambiguously, and repeatedly condemned by Trump that they thanked him.
That's the point, Harlan
They want you to learn through their chosen filter 

#Narrative
Yep. His haters actually believe reports of his condemnation of this event is fake news. This is how entrenched the deception is.
We heard him with our own ears. Stop normalizing this insane man.
It wasn't clear and it wasn't unambiguous.
The crew the night before w/ torches chanting blood&soil &Jews will not replace us, are not really a bunch of "innocent" folks as DT stated
@bradcadwallader @realDonaldTrump 

I can't watch MSN it gives me brain damage!

Black Lives Matter: A COINTELPRO Black Op Set Up to Destabilize U.S. Society http://gay-mafia.beforeitsnews.com/alternative/2016/07/black-lives-matter-a-cointelpro-black-op-whose-leader-belongs-to-the-gay-mafia-3383858.html … ORGANIZED CHAOS 4 RACE WAR !
He fell short by not naming the white supremacists, Nazis,&KKK. They are not morally equivalent to the protesters
What protesters?. All I saw was the KKK, ANTIFA, and BLM. None of which have morals.
MSM has made itself irrelevant; most seek the 'truth' elsewhere; those who believe them are the ones who didn't vote for Trump; no gain...
What was the truth? Asked to condemn, didn't name them, now there are two sides? Nazis get the chance to go mainstream? Cmon man
The left are deaf to the truth!
Can't be deaf when youare reading QUOTE FOR QUOTE from the horse's mouth
A picture is worth a thousands words-2010!
You don't know from MSM, Police told to stand down because mayor knew Antifa was being bused in to fight.
The were NOT Trump Supporters.
That's all lies.
Correct There were 3 groups in CV-WS (legally) BLM& Antifa (Illegally).He condemned ALL of them.Not like Obama who blamed police in Ferguson
Looks like Nancy and Ryan are finally figuring it out...15 days later.
U would think they would've at this point, he reread his statements nice & slow last night even a baby should've gotten it at this point 
Yes but many ppl around the  heard Trump . Myself included many are satisfied with what he spoke of. DEM's & MSM are lucifers disciples.
I don't know any MSM; but I get all of your failures on MSN daily.  They tell the truth about you.  You answer them with your fake WH news.
The only thing he was clear about was trying to blame both sides. He condemned (or whatever) bigotry, racism, and violence, but he gave the white supremacists a pass. He did NOT condemn Neo-nazism or white supremacists by name. Why alienate HIS BASE?
It is really funny how the only tweets to the POTUS shown are people brainwashed to support him.
Yeah but he had to think long and hard about whether or not Nazi's are bad. Didn't want to make any hasty statements.
You are both the worst
And yet David Duke and The Daily Stormer are praising Trump
However you didn't do enough to condemn the illegal liberals who attacked a peaceful, government sanctioned, legally, organised rally.
Fake News statement. Okay, one instance he did condemn them, but what about his comments from the day before. What do his words really mean?
RT @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the b...
Then turned around and blamed both sides. Pretty indecisive if you ask me. He's a racist. Open your eyes.
True, but then he turned around and severely contradicted himself and then pardoned a known racist/bigot. MSM does BALANCED reporting
No he didn't, @Harlan - spin all you like but the entire world can see @realDonaldTrump for the undisguised racist he has always been.
He condemed it! So they condemned him! They hate him without a cause. Why didn't no one condemn Hillary who's mentor was a know Klan member?
You get over him sitting on Pennsylvania Avenue and I will get over that! The fact Byrd served that organization is enough for me
They are anti Trump!!! Never report correctly!!! Don't watch!!
