Does VERY CAREFULLY mean rejecting people who come from Canada and the U.K.  they have valid visas. God Almighty!

.
Trump, instead of making us feel more secure, this is the first time in my life I feel afraid of my own country.
While we are being distracted by silly things like golf trips, they are pushing through these horrible executive orders.
Hang in there we need your leadership in that direction & several more i.e. Healthcare.
I SO MAD YOU CAN'T EVEN DO YOUR BEST I CAN'T BELIEVE THERE'S COURTS GOING AGAINST YOU
Studies show more Americans kill each other more than immigrants . Wow this country really is just plain racist most are not putting all ppl in this! Las Vegas he was American. Dc sniper. American. It’s alllllll people who can become bad not just immigrants. Smfh!
So who let your mongrel ancestors in then, eh?

We are all mongrels. Only some of us choose to be curs, though.
Did you gone to deported all immigrants who are in jail?
THAT'S A DAMN SHAME YOU CAN'T EVEN DO YOUR BEST WHICH I KNOW YOU'RE GOOD AT
Mattis Pentagon goes rogue, defies POTUS, backs Iran nuke deal
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the jo...

Be honest. You don’t want to be a President. You want to be a dictator where judges, the media, FBI etc must all obey you.
since when do socialists have a problem with dictatorships
big red flag. states in fear of investigations, like the state of Washington. Authenticity of programs/monies/false inv.
this must be fixed to protect our country. Its like i give you a bag of mnms and say only 3 are poisoness do you eat them
no. Actually it was you it worked b4 you meddled
actually be real. The courts aren't making it difficult. You are. You are the person who signed the order, the illegal...

You rolled this out without giving it any thought. It was to fulfill campaign promise. Affected visa n green card holders.
of course they will just let all the terrorists in the courts can give the sentencing to terrorist in court after killings.
They have been vetted. Perhaps you should read about the visa process.
Oh I forgot, you don't read!
@PressSec Haha anything happens in in your lap. Yr president.U said there's killers in America
I hope they were doing that all along
homeland security was ALWAYS doing that.ppl are issued visas & green cards AFTER vetting.educate urself.about time !
You are making everything very difficult(LISTEN) To ThePeople INCLUDING (JUDGES)!!#TheResistance
you've built a wall around my heart
Please keep at it. All of our children depend on you. THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP.
Because they were not before?
Can you just remove and arrest the Treasonous Judge please?
Bey Türkiye'de Şikenin üstünü örtüyorlar.
You mean vetting? Like how they were always vetted carefully long before you were in office?
thank you for trying to make us safe
Clearly
Seems like you need to cool off a little @realDonaldTrump

l'd watch your favorite show, @nbcsnl:
they make fun of you on Saturday Night Live bragging about being overweight and gay. Fruity people don't represent America
Donny, again with the CAPS! #notnecessary
great job prez.
@POTUS it's high time you act on Biafra self determination @mike_pence @IBTimesUK @Amaka_Ekwo
Thank you for doing what you can to keep us safe.
While you're at it .. Check out this clown of a Senator CA.
How?  Please explain in detail.
you want a terrorist attack on us soil so badly. It's disgusting.
WRONG- You made your job difficult by not doing the work to know what in God's name you are doing #TrumpTaxReturns
that’s the job they normally do, perhaps you should learn about the agencies in government and separation of powers.
DHS has a bigger job checking into your connection to Russian hacking. The courts will take you and Bannon out.
MY PRESIDENT! KEEP GOING! MAGA
You think people believe this lie. They don't! Your pathetic attempt to scare us isn't working. Go watch TV.
safety first!
People coming into the US already are checked VERY CAREFULLY.... unlike the people in your WH. @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/828343072840900610 …
I'm not so sure. Not an easy task in Somalia or Yemen or Sudan and somewhat "blackbox" to State that relies on IC
You need serious "so called" psychiatric help!!! Quit deflecting with these repetitive, ludicrous, fear monger tweets!!
USA FIRST Mr President. they are whinny babies got to be hard core..
THEY ALREADY DO. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU. PLEASE GET AN EDUCATION.
They always have. Problem is white Christians
.@realDonaldTrump No they're not. They're stopping you acting arbitrarily, illegally and unconstitutionally. That's quite different.
The courts are telling immigration to CONTINUE to check people coming in VERY CAREFULLY rather than BREAK UP FAMILIES.
The courts are also telling immigration to OBEY THE LAW rather than perform acts that may be UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
explain how the constitution applys to people who are not citizens?
(1) The Constitution doesn’t just describe the rights of citizens, it also defines what the govt can do.
So (2) You have for example the 1st Amendment which means that the government can’t make a law about religion
That doesn’t just apply to Us citizens, it means the gov. literally cannot make a law discriminating...
… so for example, it can’t make a law that explicitly or implicitly is designed to block Muslims
You may not believe that’s what is going on here, but nonetheless, the constitution applies to non-citizens
SO ARREST THE JUDGES...
Thank you, a million times, THANK YOU, President Trump!
Most of us real Americans are highly skeptical of these courts and their motives
@FixUSANow @tempteststorm2 9th circuit needs to be broken up. Most liberal & most overturned. It can take over a year case
no. The courts are doing their job. You are not the king and this is not your kingdom. We have a country of LAWS, sir.
@PressSec  You're a clown. Resign.
you are not a leader. Get out
トランプさんの問題がぢじ問題に出ました!!!
The problem of Mr. Trump came up in a test!
@PressSec ummm...maybe cuz you over extended Stevies Oval Office power
Seriously, you have some interesting ideas but no-one will see the true outcomes if you get yourself thrown out early. :/
More carefully than the 2 year vetting process already in place?
Good.  That is their job!
what job is that? Destroy America?
Stop lying and stop disrespecting our democracy.
Mr POTUS help Colombia, The peace agreement is FAKE. Santos is corrupt & FARC is the biggest NARCO-TERRORIST group. SAD
Eres espectacular amas a Colmbia gracias Princesa era grande
@seanspicer maybe you should spend time checking people coming into the White House very carefully instead
I'm proud of you Mr. President it's about time we have a Commander and Chief that up for and behind the America People.
thanks we know the Democrats are more interested in destroying America than protecting her!!!
They were checking before you freakin' buffoon. The courts are correct, you're wrong.
Only on the countries you have no business ties to.
have protestors sponsor & financially supports immigrants. Make them accountable. Requirement learn r language in 6 months
Homeland Security has already been checking VERY VERY CAREFULLY, and doing a great job. The courts are upholding our LAWS.
@PressSec  It's disgusting that the courts are fighting our President as he tries to keep America safe for Americans!
checks and balances, donny.  you aren't king yet.
dont give up you know  there wrong...Rafael
your lack of experience & knowledge is what makes this job difficult.
@PressSec  I'll take a look and see what's changed. Fake 1 immagrent was a terrorist the rest were homegrown no gun control
