@potus Glad U were thrilled... ONLY 90 students voted for YOU at election!!! Obviously THEY weren't glad you were back!!!
How is it your bloated orange ass speaks @ 2 commencement ceremonies this week only to make the speeches more about u than graduates?
His speech was uplifting as it was wise. Very good in every way. #Trump45 
Of course it was! He's a wise and uplifting president! He wants great things for his people! THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!!
He is and we love our  President
I find it ironic that the architect of liberty's demise gives a speech at a place bares the name. It is a farce #Traitor
An Evangelical farce!
They name the school after the highest human idea and profane the name in the process. It disgusts me.
Isn't he the one who went down the water slide in a cheap suit?
Makes me wish there were snakes or worse at the bottom.
"YOUR day is coming and you've earned it as well" #IMPEACHTRUMP #LiarInChief #FactsOverIdeologies #Resist #ReleaseYourTaxes.. @FBI
恳请川普总统关注纽约华人郭文贵先生和家人的生命安全，因郭先生揭露了中国政府贪腐酷刑等严重侵犯人权的丑闻，他正遭到来自中国政府的死亡威胁，中国政府为封杀他的言论正在采取一切手段预谋刺杀郭先生。恳请总统先生阻止这种破坏新闻言论自由侵害人权的行为在美国境内发生，谢谢！
We cannot have a Marxist/commie for Pres of USA-Don't be a Fool & do her shit work-she will take you to Hell w her & Sept might be that day
I would want a degree from this university as much as I'd want one from Trump University...
RECORD CROWD OF 50,000  PRESENT !!! OLD RECORD 38,000 !!! SUPPOSE IT HAD ANYTHING TO DO WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP SPEAKING??? NAW!!! LOLL !!!
Mr. President you must have your staff take a lie detector test.  To get to the leaks.
when will you go to Russia and congratulate their class of 2017?
trump should be banned by other countries from entering b/c he is a security risk
these are the type of colleges we need to send our children to not libtard makers
President Trump's commencement Speach at Liberty University is an inspiration to all Colledge graduates.

Trump supports higher education!
Today's graduates are tomorrows leaders! President Trump encourages all young Americans to embrace Making America Great Again!

#MAGA
You have given my wife and children something historical that they will never forget.  Thank you from Griffin family so much. Stay blessed.
Way to play the religious right
Wonder if he grabbed any by the pu@@ies
earned it? @LibertyU threatened to fine them if they didnt show up.  more in common with N.Korea than the USofA
This is a college that believes Tyrannosaurus Rex roamed the earth 3,000 years ago.
is it even accredited?
Good question, founded by Jerry Falwell, it might be one step up from trump university.
Any institution that believes dinosaurs walked with humans isn't an institution of higher learning, or any learning come to that.
great

The only real school in the history of the world. #6000years #maga #bible #ar15 #nra #biblevaues
President Trump is like Modern day "Jesus".The powerful and connected corrupt [media (Jeff Bozos) and Politician ]want to crucify him.
A stadium of morally bankrupt, intellectually lazy and out right vapid Trumpanzees. #ResistTrump
You borrowed your address from Legally Blond!  Aren't you looking at social media? Member when your wife borrowed Michelle's entire speech?
YOU WOULD BE THE LAST PERSON I WOULD WANT AS A GUEST SPEAKER AT MY GRADUATION!! ALL YOU CAN DO IS TELL ME HOW TO LIE!!
#FAKEPRESIDENT
You foolish man @realDonaldTrump NO ONE was happy you were there. They had to be instructed not to boo and clap.  BIGLY SAD
Great
#Treason #TrumpRussiaCollusion.
Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
Cmon donny boy. Im waiting for your #mondaymeltdown
Maybe you and Liberty could use some Bible verses to advise your policies and beliefs, as you claim to do.
Leviticus 19:34 The alien who resides with you shall be  to you as the citizen among you; you shall love the alien as yourself...
God lives forever in our lives!!
What a wonderful God blessed college!
A fake university is the ideal setting for you.
I feel sorry for Liberty University to allow you, a big fat liar back on campus.
They all hate you.
This was the best speech! Thank you @POTUS . Wonderful college! Congratulations to  @LibertyU
Loved your speech! We must stand for something or die for nothing! Forget the critics, you're doing an awesome job Sir! Drain the swamp!
#NudePride Know what will help make America great? Freedom & EQUALITY 4 ALL including MILLIONS of nudists who VOTE! #BodyFreedom
What. Not delivering the commencement address at Trump U?
BTW--you're still #1 in the news:
"We don't need a lecture from Washington on how to live our lives," as a figure from Washington lectures them on how to live their lives. 
#PresidentTrump  
#MAGA 
@POTUS "America is always the lands of dreams"
You mean major help from Russian right. You celebrated mothers day away from the mother of your child.  #Putinspuppet
I see why these Christians love you. You're a liar, adulterer, 5 kids with 3 different women & you brag about sexual assault. Seems legit.
Amazing commencement speech! Inspirational to say the least
Glad you could make the whole thing about you. You are so disrespectful as to why you were there and what they had accomplished.  #ElleWoods
Dickless @realDonaldTrump not nice preaching to a captive audience. Liberty U required all the campus to be there, if not its demerits .
Will you be giving the commencement address at trump University next year?
How'd that Elle Woods speech work for you?
#PresidentPence #PresidentPence  #PresidentPence #PresidentPence  #PresidentPence #PresidentPence  #PresidentPence #PresidentPence
Everything you say is complete bullshit
Incredible speech Mr. President. Thanks for all you do for our country and know  East Tennessee thanks you. The mountains are brighter.
There should be more Universities like Liberty. There are too many liberal controlled universities. There should be political diversity.
http://doitbig.co.uk/exposed-the-greatest-puppet-show-on-earth/ …
Great Speech Mr President 
https://www.buzzfeed.com/sheerafrenkel/israeli-official-trump-sharing-intelligence-with-russia-is …?
I heard they were forced to attend.  So much for freedom and democracy.
FORCED attendance to feed your narcissistic ego? You're a dictator.  Ironic LibertyU. You don't believe in democracy. Deplorable egomaniac!
there is no substance to your speeches. i get nothing when you talk. what is your message???
#Trump: "Although YOU are the ones being honored & #GRADUATING, I will make this day ABOUT -ME-!!! I'm the #President, I won, ME, ME & ME!"
Your speech was from LEGALLY BLONDE. And then you acted like a toddler. 
'I DID IT!' Like a 3 year old on their tricycle.
I ask myself everyday as I ~ #LookUp ~ What would #Jesus do about TOXIC #GeoEngineering ~ Good #God please help us #StopGeoengineering ~~~

Jesus give the President your power! Acts 2:38-39!
All this HYSTERIA ABOUT FIRING & RUSSIA MAKES ME UPSET! NOT TRUE 
RIGHT?
#TRUMP is a true embarrassment -the staff is so disappointed and Melania wishes she had someone way smarter- bankrupcy+president fail
You're a fraud. Have an aide define that word for you.
How about make America great again by resigning - FAKE
This is how most of the country feels about you. Don't worry about the trolls, we got your back. Pls continue to #MAGA.
The school that expels women for getting pregnant and discourages premarital sex has a narcissist pedophile sex offender speak. Ironic.

Students forced to attend told not to Boo. They felt like MELANIA....
IMPEACH TRUMP!!!!!!       OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE! TREASON!You can't fire the person investigating you. This still isn't Russia!
I am praying for you mr. President everyday God Bless You
#TrumpRussiaTreason
another great writer, Ivanka Trump, is born
Trump loves the unintelligent, uneducated and low information voters.
So cool of @LibertyU to put their support behind a p*ssy grabbing, racist bigot. Great way to show how you're living the word!
We need to Resist, resist strongly, Loudly repeatedly the liberal dem-witts & fake news. BE LOUD! BE HEARD.  UNITE & SUPPORT TRUMP!MAGA!!
I believe in God's perfect timing. That God provides the right person to lead, Donald J. Trump is that person. If he wasn't Clinton, Obama?
The level of hypocrisy in your "speech" was epic even for you. 
Note: "Epic" in this case is a *bad* thing, TinyHands.
@netanyahu @LouisFarrakhan WARNING: I PRAY IN THE NAME OF ALLAH, LET JUSTICE NOW TAKE ITS COURSE . "IT IS FINISH"
They must have pretty low standards to have invited YOU... #LiarInChief #LockHimUp
LMAO! Puppeteers Putin, Koch, Murdoch, Mercer CA SCL, Peter Thiel,NeoCons decided to shake Kremlin Klan. Don't F*ck with the IC @FBI @NSAGov
Please Mr President.

Your speech was awful. Sounded like a 3rd grader
Donald Trump addressing a Christian university is like Slobodan Milosevic talking at an anti-war rally. Evangelical hypocrisy.
RT #MAGA #PATRIOTS Globalist Thugs Taking Over USA W/:
 #FakeNews
 #Schools
 #Hollywood #Music
#Organized #Riots
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/862801942434721792/video/1 …
About their disgust and hate for what you bring to the WH??
This is History!!!!
Mr President, YOU HAVE GREAT FAVOR WITH EL SHADDAI!  He put you in the swamp, TRUST ONLY HIM 100%!  You have the victory!
Probably great for your fragile ego to have kool-aid drinkers not booing you for a change, huh? Counting down your impeachment, Lump! SAD!!
malignant narcissism
YOU KNOW YOU ARE NOT A LAWYER NOW, RIGHT? 
And that's why I will never attended Liberty University.... Any university that will have you speak there is not a place I would sent a dog.
Where you said critics are pathetic, yet you yourself have been the most vocal critic of them all for decades. #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident

President Trump reportedly revealed classified info about ISIS to Russians. Read more: http://fxn.ws/2qlif7K  
Pres Trump: your terrific speech applies to all ages, not just college grads
Mr President the majority of Americans would like you to pick TREY GOWDY as your next FBI director,congress would be scare to question him.
impeach!!!
word!!!
Not. An. Actually. University. @#fakepresident
Actual*
A little known subset of grammar laws where Where one is allowed to switch adverbs & adjectives...the same law allows for Random caps
Love the fact you keep envoking God. You are a great President - never heard past Presidents calling on God. So proud and happy. God Bless
God Save us from Trump #Blabbergate
Trump is best POTUS since Reagan...and potentially FAR BETTER. Can't wait for next 7+ years! #MAGA 
You'll b lucky to see 7 more months...
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it.… http...
why dont you actually fix our country instead of claiming you will and just making everything worse

This was awesome to the greatest Universety on earth
Fake university , fake president . Seems about right
you need to think of class of 18  & beyond !! Not just ur position now which is redundent !!. Move over.
I graduated in 2012 from LU. Mitt Romney was the speaker, my only regret is that i should've waited 5 years for President Trump to speak!
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
This is just the place for u. A place of RW religious zealots who think God hates every1 but them! They own U. Deniers of all things true.
Great
I would have rather died than been there. No, really.
Amen this is how all students and all americans ought to act .this is how respect and honor  look
Potus good morning
Is this the speech where he plagiarized parts of it?  Shame on you donnie!!  Lol
Another graduation of a whole class of bigots (I am sure some aren't but...)  maga my butt...#
great speech
Great words, Mr. President. Thank you.
What do you know about earning anything
Again, you did nothing but embarrass yourself.
Thank you President Trump for all u do
WHINER IN CHIEF!
Talk talk, talk...politician...proscute Clintons, Obamas, Bush Sr/Jr all criminals...or be just one more for same business as usual..ENOUGH
Fake Christians. The fakist of fakes. Bigly.
You aren't even a Christian!  You have NO CHRISTIAN VALUES WHSTSOEVER! You are just an egomaniac who likes a captive audience.  Embarrassing
#اعزم_البشير_شو
It's amazing how you can make a commencement speech about you rather than an encouraging rally to the newly graduated.
Thus is your day for me to ramble about myself.
Great address, Sir! 
Larger group than ur inauguration!

DR. JERRY FALWELL LAND...WITH DOUG OLDHAM & DOTTIE RAMBO SINGING. TEARS ON FACES. REMEMBER TO SAY HELLO TO CHRISTIAN BROADCASTING NETWORK
Dottie actually was never at Liberty and only met Dr Falwell a few times. He was a fan of her music tho.
AWESOME!!!!!
What do you bet this isn't even video from that commencement?  Like the great number of people at the Inaguration?  What a fraud!
Its their day but all you talked about was yourself. Sad.
THE DAYS OF DR. JERRY FALWELL WITH DOUG OLDMAN AND OTHERS SINGING THERE. WOW!
amazing godly speech very revealing of the presidents convictions and his mindset. once again this is ignored by the msm
Great speech! Thanks PDJT.
ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL !!!!!!!!!!!
Amen
Holy shit that was good!
Donny,
You are Patric fool!  Many are saying it is time to remove this ugly, metastatic cancer from the Oval Office.
I think Liberty U could really gain some respect if they taught something about Jesus and how he was so unlike Trump.
I'm glad the writers of Legally Blonde are your speech writers.
Brought a tear and a smile thank u again Mr president
Wow! Great speech! One of the greatest speeches any POTUS has given!! God Bless you, President Trump!!!
"Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic"-- you really said this?  Being a critic is one of your only talents!  SAD!!
You were great!! We're all so Proud!!
#MillionTrumpMarch
