
What do the Trumpeteers have to say about this ignorance? https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/918868957360095233 …
 this moron 
What do the Trumpeteers have to say about this ignorance? https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/918868957360095233 …
President Trump is showing he cares for our citizens. Unlike ObamaDontCare who took weeks to send relief to New Orleans during the flood!
COC....I know many African American soldiers who say these messages from leftist remind of true slavery days! fk’em
#fucktrump

What do the Trumpeteers have to say about this ignorance? https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/918868957360095233 …
He's afraid of you

Is Trevor  Noah a U.S. citizen or is he here on a visa . He keeps trashing potus . In other countries he would be told to leave
Thank you Mr President.
Sorry Donnie there aren’t any #virgins there

What do the Trumpeteers have to say about this ignorance? https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/918868957360095233 …
I need to hear that come from the Governor's mouth! We all know your love praising yourself!!
Fake News !!!

You know you don't care about PR .only Hispanics it's obvious
The people who are DYING may disagree!
In the midst of disaster in PR is all u can do is CRAVE for APPROVAL. Loser! Sociopath!
Pathetic narcissist
RESIGN
WE DESPISE YOU
1. Apologize to @CarmenYulinCruz simply to acknowledge your indecency. 
2. Ask her what more you can do to help
3. DO IT
Another hole done at the golf course, huh sport?
Wow you can get a lot accomplished in 10 minutes tweet about Rosello and take to Governor A true leader of fake tweets go for a nap old man
an early bot birthday gift? #Trumptrain #BuildThatWall 979
Americans are dead because of you. #PuertoRico #TrumpsKatrina
http://time.com/4949189/rnc-donald-trump-jr-russia-investigation-legal-fees/ …
You should play golf. You're less destructive.
Get your fat ass off the damn golf course and do your JOB!! You racist fuck people are dying and your acting like a damn child.
Mayor of Puerto Rico & her family R living in a shelter in PR, while UR golfing & shitting on gold toilets!U have allot of nerve,SHAME ON U!

I'm from New Orleans & lived through Katrina. What Bush did was gross negligence. But what Trump is doing is cold-hearted, racist antagonism
Carman Yulin Cruz 2020.
OMG! You just can't help yourself, can you? Dementia!! See a Dr. SOON!!
He said they were doing a great job........not you
Very smooth, especially under the conditions! Best President ever! Helping the people!
No matter what you tweet, you can't make it right, you have failed your people, you can't change that , no one believes you
You self-congratulating narcissist...no thanks to you.
This is how much time #Trump is spending on #PuertoRicoRelief. 45 minutes! Notice the San Juan's Mayor nm is missing

Democrats and their legacy media desperately needed a change of topic, from NFL, a loser narrative for them, to Puerto Rico.
For days, the MSM ignored the Puerto Rico situation. Until it became clear the NFL blowback was overwhelmingly going in Trump's favor.
Trump took on the SJWs and their asshat league, the NFL, and DECISIVELY WON yet another cultural battle. Thus, it's on to Puerto Rico.
They thought they could nail down a Katrina narrative on Trump in Texas after Harvey. It failed. Same for Irma in Florida. Didn't work.
With the swift federal response after Maria flattened Puerto Rico, and the Governor praising Trump, the MSM's desired narrative wasn't ..
..working there either. That's when the NFL blowback had overwhelmed the MSM. Enter the lazy asshat San Juan mayor.
Rather than doing her job and supplying her citizens, the nasty mayor supplied the MSM with the sound bites they desperately desired.
But even that narrative is already falling apart, the more we learn about the little propaganda mouthpiece in San Juan.
What hole are you on Donny?

you do know that the virgin islands isn't the same island as puerto rico right ?
Thank u President Trump for being such a good leader 
Trump is clueless....and our country is screwed....tragic
And yes, the FEMA & military & other rescue groups that are there & PR are amazing & we thank them! Blessings to them! @POTUS
Unlike you
Let Puerto Ricans into the US. They are Americans, you cannot make them stay there in harsh conditions.
People will die if they don't receive proper care. That is not fake news.
You're in charge (unfortunately). Do something about it.
Can see you really don’t know what you’re talking about we already have a couple thousand on the ground. She was just praising him 3 days ag

Bigot Trump isn't "forgetting" Puerto Rico. He is letting it, and Hispanics there, die. My comment from 9/26: 

Or the racist fuckwads who attack him today?

60 dead animals, including a horse on a roof, buried in one Puerto Rican town. People living in those waters. http://www.thedailybeast.com/outbreaks-begin-in-puerto-rico-while-trump-tweets-amazing-job …
STOP patting yourself on the back.
Instead of golfing, how about having all of your cabinet meeting with you IN PERSON to coordinate disaster relief! #PuertoRicoRelief
#USVirginIslands and #PuertoRicoReliefNOW need your every attention: they can not be getting it when you are golfing!
Hilarious. You don't know the first thing about executive leadership. Hide and watch you miserable wretch.
Some of the things you tweet don't really seem to be worthy of a tweet.  We'd rather see you take action.
Is this the same FEMA you want to cut?
Funds would be redirected to disaster relief. Tom Bossert explained this. Relevant aid > govt agency turf wars.
We must suppprt all American interests equally!!!
You will attack him as soon as he says one bad thing. You are pathetic. The pathetic president!!
We are all waiting fir your resignation
Breaking today

What world leader sits around & tweets the most idiotic thoughts ever = TRUMP

He has to appease the big baby in the White House. All leaders around the world have to. You are a madman. Noticing from Canada.
THAT DOESNT MEAN THEY ARE DOING ENOUGH TO REALLY HELP. SEND MORE HELP! 
One surprising thing about Liberals is, IF @POTUS DOES SOMETHING, THEY CRITICIZE, IF HE DOESNT, THEY CRITICIZE. 
It’s just a pattern.
The mayor is corrupt drain the swamp
Can't be a good thing that you are the #antichrist
I am embarrassed for you, at this point.
Nah, why be embarrassed for him? He created this himself.
Nice of you to finally mention the US Virgin Islands.
For God's sake please quit congratulating yourself, people still need food, water, shelter and to know their loved ones are safe.
Stop lying! Things are bad there. I know that as I have family there. Just got off the phone w my sis who's in long line to get into kmart
You need to resign so you have time, to tweet watch TV and golf. Governor Mapp should stop feeding your damn ego, and tend to the victims.
So now that someone has stroked your ego, please step up the aid! #PuertoRicanLivesMatter
Funny how the Mayor of San Juan is saying you're not helping enough #fakepresident #ASSCLOWN
Like to hear it from Mapp as there is a credibility issue with current spokesperson.
DOTARD pants on 
Everything is always just bloody GREAT isn't it.. everyone's doing JUST GREAT... ESPECIALLY MR TRUMP.. Doing great at TRYING to sound GREAT!
Delusional Donnie--no single person has ever disgraced the flag & America as much as this guy--every day!
Leadership?
Worse than a gopher!
Of course that's what he would say Lessons Learned From mayor of San Juan
Caveman speak?  #FakePresident
It's so sad that you tweet these rare  "compliments", like you need to prove the validation you recieve. Dude, you're a joke.
#impeachandremove
48,000 without power in U.S. Virgin Islands but 3.5 million in Puerto Rico. Guess FEMA can only handle smaller population.
Liar
what about the people do they say the same ?
while you are at it CENSURE that guy for violating the SECOND AMENDMENT and U.S> LAW by confiscating personal weapons!
Just because someone says so doesn't make it true. Just go to your country club and let the adults handle this.
If you have to keep telling me all the “great” things you’re doing just means you ain’t doing shit
Did you consider the fact that they are afraid to tell you you are doing a bad job for fear you will do even worse? Go see it yourseld now.
What hole are you on?
You need to check with the reporters on site from CNN!
Do you ever ever ever talk about anything other than yourself?
Again lies and shit from Trump My son lives in USVI nothing has been done no power water or food just lies by Trump also little media cover
Hasn't seen any US military or FEMA presents just poor Americans in need but forgotten no photo op for Donald here just real people
This is a real American family in St Corix in need
Needed someone to stroke your ego? Snowflake, can't take any criticism, but bankrupting America with your golf trips
“Distraction” jr.
great work fema in the u.s. virgin islands....
And you get credit for none of this...
Prove you even spoke to him. We don’t believe you. You are busy tweeting and lying.
Why can't these people speak for themselves?
I doubt it
Was that between rounds Comrade?#impeachnow
Ever notice I refer to Barack Obama as "President Obama?" It's out of respect for the office &  people who elected him. Shame on you.
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands and he told me you’re a ‘fucking bellend’.
Yes, it's FEMA and the MILITARY that are being useful, NOT YOU AND YOUR SLOW RESPONSE. You golf while others suffer. Pathetic "leader."
A failed system caused a failing Trump to claim he won over the REAL winner President HRC. Trump is the MISTAKE President.
Only good news is what you want. You can't handle the truth! #TrumpsKatrina

Fmr Navy Officer Provides Puerto Rico Update, Debunks Media Hysterics https://www.pscp.tv/w/bJ64QTF4ZUtXeEdWcnJhalB8MXpxSlZSUFhidk1KQlRMYphC5gOU2xnBuI4SgOfttD6kyTXNtJJJHQAcwKlO …
Why don't you talk to the governor of PR?  You're so immature you can't take criticism- no matter how deserved it is. Sad!
Wow
Daddy has screwed up bigly, Jr.
FAKE PRESIDENT
Everything is awesome!
Instead of doling out superlatives, just tell us the details about what is happening, how people are being helped.
Get them more help- you can't make chicken soup out of chicken shit! Push more resources- push donated aid from corporations- DO YOUR JOB!
How's that golf game? #trumpskatrina
Mapp not doing a great job. He is corrupt. Why no tax refunds for years for the VI people?
After all it's all about appearances and how YOU look.
How are the staff at the club doing?

Sick
I am glad you and the governors think you are doing a great job but no one that is one the ground thinks this. They think you are inept.
How's the golfing today you orange clown??
Because he knows that to tell the truth would be to open himself up to your vicious attacks and insults. He’s protecting his constituents.
It is destroyed. Stop touting for pats on the back, you are just doing what you are paid to do, it's your day job
Play it he tape , we don't believe you.
Don’t drag the USVI into your deranged temper tantrum! They are also suffering and trying to get through this crisis.  Have you no shame???
Liar
you are a true nut job.  Do you think we don't see through what you doing ?
Liar!
Russia
SHUT. UP.
U speak to a lot of people hmm? NFL owners, leaders, @FEMA, real people who tell U ur wonderful. That’s a delusion or lie. No one talks 2 U
You probably talked to a telemarketer, selling time shares @ Mar a Lago
Liar!
Whenever #FEMA is done in PR, have them come back to TX & actually approve victims for aid this time. #Harvey victims, still waiting.

What? Thanks for lying? #youfuckingidiot
Amen
everything is "great". I have no idea how anyone falls to your "great" bullshit.
Your PR campaign in USVA is a total ClusterF...just like your fake, failed presidency!
The msm so sick of them mayor of Puerto Rico good grief that's why PR so third world Trump making sure the people are eating and drinking
Good job 5 disasters fantastic
Is this another one of your made up phone calls. You are the pres, of your base (idiots) and not America. #FakePresident
I am sure our bravest are doing a great job.  It is you that is doing an awful job!
@GOP @SenateDems @CNN @AP @ABC @FoxNews DJT-No one ever said they're doing a bad job. You're the one that's failing. Face it, UR hated. 

You are unfit to hold the office! #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign #resign
You're not though
"Kiss my ass and you'll get food and water."
He's just kissing the ring to get help and funding! Desperate ppl in desperate times, will praise you just to get help for ppl!

Trump plz go watch the unions their not giving the people the supplies cause they didn't get their raise they wanted sick bastards.
“Ask not what your country can do for you, but why you can do for your country” JFK. Remember those words you fool.
So theyve reached the limit of deaths for brown people, now they can get help?
You're basically feeding people going through a catastrophe hypertension and diabetes. Good job by what standards?
Pat yourself on the back for your awful. Please go play golf.
Which Devastated country  we gonna hit up for strokes next?  Cause it's all about us! #Narcissist
Because he knows he would hurt your ego if he said otherwise and you would pull all support. #smh
Yes, through no help from you!
yet again how long ago was this hurricane?
Please ask Gov Mapp  why residents of the VI are waiting 3+ years for tax refunds.

I will believe this when #NPR #npr interviews him and confirms that this convo actually happened. #LiarInChief
Talk to the mayor of San Juan lately?
You obviously dont have the balls to call the mayor of Puerto Rico! 
Chicken shit!
You are such a vindictive s.o.b what else can he say
Looks like you got scolded for all your bullshit tweets yesterday and no trying to make up for it. Doesn't work like that dummy
Liar.
#trumpisfat
#EndDaca
People r mad at u people died not just mayor upset as she should be but us on mainland r ashamed u failed 2 do a job u r worse then Katrina
so you have to kiss trumps a$$ to get help.
Yawn.
Your support means nothing! Ask Big Luther! You sure deleted your tweets awfully quickly! RESIGN DISHONEST DON! You're a HYPOCRITE and LIAR!
What about Puerto Rico? Your citizens there are dying.
Why do people still don't have and water if you are doing such a great job?
You're a depraved vile evil individual without Conscience there's no hope for redemption those like Hitler can't be rehabilitated #GENOCIDE

