NY Times subscription revenue tops $1 billion in 2017 @nytimes #FlashbackFriday http://hill.cm/Up5tKmW 
U Stuck
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources),...
Tell them, you are an expert in bankruptcies and failing businesses
How much longer with this failing "President" with his massive Russia connections keep pretending to lead?
It would be so refreshing to have real news why is anybody watching or reading their crap
Dems are probably giving them money. Which is why we have to expose the parties lies. @FoxNews
@Glennfhoward1 MAGA! When will we see justice served to the Clinton crime cartel?
Exactly
Until Bloomberg buys it.
Best thing to use the paper is cat box liner
When the leaking #Deepstate @CIA #IC stops funding them. @nytimes #EpicFailure
I read everything #digitally now; no magazines, no news papers. #The_Digital_Age
@nytimes is STILL in business?!?!?! ahahahhahaha
I'm concerned about American media companies being largely owned by foreign interests.  Its against the interests of American citizens 100%
Longer than you
You are wrong, they have sources of funding, just as Hitler did.
Finding these sources and capping them should be a priority.
Ok, but could you focus some energy on getting monsanto out of government positions so the american people can eat healthy food please ?
a small loan from your father will sort it out - isn't that how everyone gets started
Not long!  MAGA
Hopefully not long
Don't listen to these losers....^^^
From The looks of it they'll go under before you release your tax returns. They'll definitely outlive your wall idea though...
You good presidend
Longer than you I imagine
You just don't like what these other news stations are saying and are saying their words are lies. Put your big boy pants on and MAN UP!
As fake news has it...NY Times apparently has the same backing as Pravda. But what do I know, I get most of my gossip from Catster.
By falsehoods, live ; Die by same.
Hopefully not much longer. They are so focused on bringing Trump down they are bringing their own business down.
#dividedwefall
oh yeah, NEWEST hashtag  (August 7, 2017; 16:39 EDT) #trumpRESIGN #DONALDTRUMP #FAIL
"how much longer will" this IDIOT/JOKE of a president remain in power??? (August 7, 2017; 16:39 EDT) #TRUMPRESIGN #DONALDTRUMP #FAIL
again, lashing out @NYTIMES (August 7, 2017; 16:39 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #FAIL
again, ANY1 HE DISAGREES with is "failing???" (August 7, 2017; 16:39 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #FAIL
Marcus7\
How can a man who has declared bankruptcy so many times ask this?
Longer than you will be President
N.Y. Times  Hate failing President
Why worried about stupid paper? Warships getting rammed by tankers! I'm waiting for Nuclear War get it on
Your right
A hundred years after you become a forgotten footnote in history.
How much longer before you are impeached?
i willnot read it for free
How much longer do we have to put up with your s***
Let me help you to make America better again
Longer than you will remain president.
C'mon Don, you're just giving them publicity. They just got the Trump bump.
How much longer will a selfish, dishonest, sexist, racist brat (with absolutely no sense about him) remain in office?
What happen to god and country. We have fallen from grace.
Okay bot hope he. Tracks u
Funders
This guy lives in the ratings abyss .. and his own made up imaginary land of truths
Why don't you talk about real things..
Hey trump, did you knw tht our man #Obama Just got 1.7m likes for his comment #BarcelonaTerrorAttack! This is a man of HONOR & growing!!
As long as "WE THE PEOPLE WANT THEM TOO"! #LOSER now go back to your bunk and stay there...
Oh, forever. Because erything you just said is untrue.
@POTUS No government ought to be without censors; and where the Press is free no one ever will. Thomas Jefferson
我，秦始皇，打钱
They sent me the subscription in the mail I sent it back and told them when they're news becomes real I might consider that
How long will you pollute the White House with your repugnant self & admin?
Alot longer than your time in the WH
Probably long after you've been laid to rest, a noted supporter of #Nazis and a liar of biblical proportion...
You should #ResignNOW
Why are you so hung up on the media? Why don't you just do your job. How come when one says something negative about you they  become liar
I hope that leftist paper goes belly up soon!!!
They been out of business years ago
Looks like our #ToddlerInChief is throwing another temper tantrum.
longer than you. NY Times IS an institution; you belong in one.
Longer than you!
Hi
Until you #resign
You need to control your split personalities  Donald really and the bipolar disorder it's showing bad 
NOBODY LIKE NEW YORK TIMES ANY MORE,
President Trump is a nightmare to the liberal fake news medias. The more they hate our Elected President, the more American people hate them
Don't worry the democrats will buy it for $1 and continue to use it as their propaganda tool
POTUS, the NYTimes say the same thing about you. When WILL you have successes? and not just golf around, tweet and play blame games.
Very sad a once very enjoyable source is now a yellow one sided rag
i pray not long. & i pray the persons paying these protestors is exposed. this inciting crimes got a woman killed, time for justice
Hopefully longer than you are president
When will you lose weight?
You are dividing the country. A lady died because of racism.
#knowthefacts The NYTimes is having a lot of success right now.
Countdown clock till your resignation started ticking louder today.
they will eventually become obsolete like the MSM....it's like reading the NATIONAL Enquirer
Probably when you stop giving them sound bytes to write about Mr. Trump.
LONGER THAN YOU WILL REMAIN PRESIDENT.
as long as your president!
Did you fact check that situation first? That is what you claimed today to do before commenting on a situation. Thin skinned. SAD
Hope not for long I hope
Your new name is mr bullshit
God willing a lot longer than you
A helluva lot longer than you
Probably longer than you will remain President and out of prison.
You should try to be a president and stop worrying about who's failing because you are biggly
I wonder the same thing about your presidency.
Your mum is failing
You should buy it, with your record, it would fail quickly
A lot longer than Fox
Longer than you!
Seems the real news source, NYTIMES, is finding plenty of sources ... in YOUR white house.
douche.
douche
Way longer than any Trump business! You've bankrupted so many!
Longer than you, you nightmare.
NYT will self destruct as other fake news outlets, people only tolerate so much fake news, in the end fake news are ignored.
Human trafficking $$$$$$$$
A lot longer than than the idiot.in the WH!
soo,  you're suffering from bone spurs!
Longer than you will stay in the White House.
How much longer do we have to have a failing president?
Now ur just babbling
If a fascist Trump he still in business, then why shouldn't illegitimate newspaper?
I'm tired of all this winning!
Hopefully not much longer
As long as you continue to be an idiot and provide them with great news to report.
Who cares ?
Probably longer than your casinos.Yes
All the way to your next bankruptcy? The final one, you know, the moral one.
How much longer will the failing President with his big losses and massive liability to our country remain as POTUS?
You are a FAILING PRESIDENT. SAD
Far longer than you. LOL
Blahahaha!! Much Longer then you'll be President!!
Ask yourself that question!
Everytime they bring up a story it turns out to be true. What are you talking about now??
Longer than you will be in the White House, you fool !~!
Another 100 years, God-willing!
It has not bankrupted or lied to the US people, NYTIMES has been in business longer than you been alive!!
How long before your impeachment?
Long after you have been impeached. #impeachtrump
Longer than you will remain in office.
As long as there are idiots like you to write about Mr #NotMyPresident
until you leave
longer than you will be president
Don't you have better things to do?  Like get a mental health check up.
How many times have you filled bankruptcy?
Make it go under
How much longer do you and your treason family get to stay in office? Truth will come out and your lying cheating ways will be exposed.
Bullshit
I will but their papers just because of what you are saying!!! They must be telling the truth about you!
Longer than your prison sentence will be.
Hopefully longer than your failing administration will be in office.
Your failing, most spectacularly. Lmfao.....
Longer than your tenure
You read it everyday chump
