You leaving???
Watch out he might block you
Haha I would be so sad 
A big week of crushing dreams of anyone who is not white that lives in America?
they are illegal I have a dream to its called real Americans first duh  we should not have to pay for them you do not belong with no proper
The dreamers are educated, work and pay taxes. They are unable to receive public assistance as part of the program.
And if they were educated y did they break the law in the first place democratic stupidity
The dreamers were brought here as children by their parents by no choice of their own. Again educate yourself.
Like to say educate yourself because they can not comprehend the fact that 800,000 illegal take jobs from real Americans unlike u
Your profile says you believe in God. Do you think God condones your hate and anger? There is nothing godly about either.
Yes I believe in God and its not hate its called the law I like legal immigrants who follow the law you think its hate because we do not
He's excited about the damage that #Irma will cause so he can take credit for all the work that everyone else does for the victims.
RT @realDonaldTrump #WeThePeople & #Americans did not elect/hire you to "pass the buck" to #Congress on: #DACA, #FullRepeal, &  #TaxReform.
RT @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence The #USA needs you to be The American,  The Patriot, & The Warrior that We elected. Please Don't Betray Us.
Awww, voted for Trump and feeling all dissatisfied, huh?
I'm not. I am feeling quite satisfied so far
Mustn't take much to satisfy you then.
He can be a bit outrageous at times but then again, follow ideas.Not people
Monday: Photo Op
Tuesday: Provoke North Korea
Wednesday: Nuclear Tan
Thursday: Bunker Decoration
Friday: Monopoly Day
Weekend: Relax
Is this suppose to be a joke about #45? You clearly do not know him. Nor do you appreciate the effort he has put in to his golf game!
I was so triggered reading the first part of that comment then realized it was sarcasm 
Woohoo!
I can't believe @TsukoG has joined the Dark Side.
It's spelled "R-E-S-I-G-N" ... just in case you needed help with that one.  #NotMyPresident #ResignTrump
it's time?
the only prediction from the simpsons i really want to come true
A truly adolescent statement...now go back to your iPad!

It'll be YUGE when Wassershitz, DNC IT aides, Crookd Hill&Huma, Queasy Comey, Matter-Lady Lynch, Obumbum & membrs of Congress R BEHIND BARS
Are you going to resign?
Reading Away, Wolves Away, Derby Home. Huge week
Let me guess:You will start marketing The Official Trump Self-tanning Lotion? So Sorry, ORANGE is NOT the new black

Whoa chill
Why tf should he
She whoops
Soon September 11 anniversary of the bombing of trade towers, what will you do?
He's the anti-Christ
Kill everytime something bad happening in America he talks about its a good week  we doomed with him
Are you finally being impeached?
Another yuge hurricane is coming. Trump hasn't this excited since he visited the dressing room at Miss Teen USA.
Sad the 4 hr time frame is in a gloryhole
Oh goody! Tell me you're leaving! #haulassalready #ImpeachNOW
Every week should be big. The problem is that every week for #Trump turns out to be just #weak.  What a total #failure as a leader & person.
Finally quitting?
Glad Hill isnt in charge or it'd be Allahu Akbar in streets everywhere-thank GOD the wicked witch wakes up each day wond'ring What Happened!
First week of Fantasy Football?!
 puto
Why? Are you resigning?
You're a Fuckass
So much havoc to wreak! So much damage to do! Hard to squeeze so much cruelty into a 4 day holiday work wk! #Somuchheartlessnesssolittletime
Are you finally stepping down?
NO he gonna be President until 1-20-25. HALLELUYAH finally a great American in the White House. A refreshing change from what we were stuck with.
Oh my dear Lord. No.
No wait I got it!!! You are gonna learn to read! You should start with the constitution and maybe Yertle The Turtle.
Impeachment?
You resigning??!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good!!!!!!!!!!
Lmaooo
Gold plated toilet seats being installed?

No doubt. Stanford-USC, Oklahoma-Ohio State, Auburn-Clemson, Nebraska-Oregon. Plenty of intriguing games.
Hey! Make sure when you call China this week you say "bing bong boung bop". I hear they love that & think it shows strong character & power
Yes, Syrian Army & its allies just broke #DeirEzzor siege. It's great to see Syrians reclaim Syria & put end to false flag terrorism by West
Puto wey te odio 
Oh Jesus no. Stop. Go back to golf. The world can't take much more
Every week is a Big week and an awesome week When you are at the helm 
God Bless
Oh word, when are you resigning?
FUCKING BLOCK ME
Finally gunna accept global warning exists ?
Impeachment? Sweet!
Yeah, that's pretty much every week when you're President. You don't have to tell people about it.
Are you going with a new hairpiece or different shade on that spray on tan
Libs & @TheDemocrats always talking bout EQUALITY
What's EQUAL about Illegals cutting in front of others trying to gain Citizenship LEGALLY?
Impeachment ??? 
Impeachment?
Will impeachment proceedings will begin???
why are u on my timeline
Working on that resignation?

Announcing your resignation
Dundee at home.
Are you resigning ???
rat
Idiot
¿REGRESA DONOVAN A LA SELECCIÓN?
Jared and Donnie Jr. going to jail?
That would make for the Happiest of Holidays!
U getting ARRESTEDDDDDDDDD
Impeachment 
Nice Hun

Is this impeachment week.
Oooh, I hope that you're either resigning or getting impeached!
ما عنده الا الضراط! و خل يترجمونها له بالانجليزي 
جاينه اعصار ف فلوريدا خلص رز الكبسه
يالله خل رابطة محبي ايفانكا يستعدون عشان يدفعون له حق المتضررين من الاعصار 
بيصفو طابور عليها هذيك الشمطاء
President on  health  insurance  we  all  pay  s.s  tax  why  not  doctors  tax  for  insurance  for  everybody  comes out  paycheck
Every  one  gets acard  form  goverment  for  health  care  we  pay  state  tax  fed  tax  why  not  doctors  tax  for  heatlh  insurance
And  everyone  gets  $25000  coverage
And  if  anyone  wants  more  ins  they  can  buy  it  from  ins  company
Resignation or Impeachment?
Big impeachment coming up !
Your impeachment? Because that’s the only thing I care about.
Prison clothes fittings for your homies?
Impeachment??
You resigning??? Impeachment??? It better not be just new hair plugs either...
All of y'all who commented are fuckin stupid he's our president whether you like it or not get a life & move on
Why? Is this the week you're resigning?
What's next? Legalization of rape and hate crimes? You've been on a roll. Thank God Chuck speaks Stupidnese.
Aye, Hamilton away the morra and PSG on Tuesday night in the Champions League 
You're retiring?
You getting impeached??
Ohh its gonna have 30 days?
Oh no. Now what?
You golfing?
Are you resigning?
How exciting, are you leaving for good?
Lefty troll ^^^^
Ha. Not exactly. 
you are resigning?
Impeachment ?
Oh FFS this is not a reality show!!! This is embarrassing.
Yay!  You're resigning?!!!!!!
Are you resigning?... Yay!!!!!!
@MYANMAR
releasing your taxes?
Pee tape! Pee tape!
Impeachment?!
Are you finally resigning ??? 
That is terrifweeting.
Wish it was Big Star :__

#MAGA #MAGA #MAGA
We hope, every week, but it seems you're still prez.
Oh wait, don't tell me ....... it's time for your Colonoscopy!

Are you resigning? That would be so awesome 
What are you gona do?
One day you are going to break down with the amount of hate people have towards you

I'm so thankful I'm not you.
The true Americans are thrilled you’re not the President also!!!
True Americans?  You mean the ones that cozy up to Russians?  I'm glad I'm not president either.  However, if I were, I couldn't be any worse than Trump.  He's just that bad!
It’s a true shame you don’t check out the true good President Trump is doing for America. But you prefer getting your info from msm. He is still working for you even though you don’t appreciate him or his hard work.
He's not working for you or me.  I get info from many news sources.


Oh, it's probably the shutdown that's coming by the end of the month as you seek funding for ur bullshit wall that Congress wont give u
And FEMA will probably run out of money soon too so that's lit.
Lol chill.
I think we will have a great week in our country not only big as you said. We are waiting and will see. 
Historic decision, King Salman has issued a decree allowing women to drive for the first time. 
You should read The Art of War by Sun Tzu.
He the devil
Yea!!!! Impeachment!!! Amirite, donnie?  Hell, I’m already celebrating. 
Are you resigning?
When you die of heart disease in prison I'm gonna have a huge party. We'll probably be dancing in the streets.
Yay for impeachment 
Yes! Another week of #MuellerTime
Democrats winning? We know.
Impeachment or resignation?
Impeachment?
It would be so funny if the the COUNTRY was pranking me like incone of there episode... like “bitch we got u Trump ain’t really president”
Impeachment?
Hey Ronald.
Hope this means you're resigning.
I hope that means your resignation is coming!
i didnt know you was still relevant
So let's stand together.
Why? You leaving? Mueller's getting closer (well, he IS...)? Gonna kick some puppies next?
Resign.
Man City away Saturday. Come on reds!!!!
Someone  shoot him in the fucken head already
Trump is the terrorist we all need to fear.
@myanmar
I hate you
I'll buy you a "Congratulations On Being Impeached!" cake! 
I know it's something you've been working on. :)

Your resignation? Cant wait to read it!
Yeah. IMPEACHMENT.  MY FAVORITE ICE CREAM FLAVOR.
@LFC signing VVD?


All his supporters hide until they're behind a screen or surrounded by a bunch of other racist brainwashed individuals. Cowards.
@JudgeMoroz
Seeking help for your narcissistic personality disorder?
There's not enough psychoanalysts in this country for that
Valid point indeed.
You getting arrested with the rest of your filth in the WH? Don jr, Ivanka, Jared! Enjoy prison traitor!

மோடிய போட்றலாம் பாஸ் 
Don't tell me, all you can eat BBQ rib night at The Sizzler?
Block me lol
im assuming i should go to some bomb shelter now...
Fuckkkk youuuuuuu
kys
You making preparations for your funeral, just case NK attack you because of your petty tweets?
BREAKNG Mueller Has Enough Evidence to Bring Charges in Flynn Investigation How you going to spin this Donald.
They bouta fire his ass @TommyCinco5 @Light_skin_twin @MIA_Tj_
Impeachment?
You're resigning? That will be the best week ever.
New pussy to grab?
Hell yeah #MAGA
top hiatus over or you dying, both preferably
U Bouta get Executed bye bye 
Who gives af bitch
You gonna do a flip off the White House?
Yeah big man my school going to start, it’s the big week for me.
G
Please remove the traitor generals in your inner circle! We love you and are praying for you. Trust your sons and your daughter!
I guess you can say that.
Impeachment time!
Impeachment? Resigning? Dying? Give me something good here..
He knows @BTS_twt is having their comeback?!
Keep up the great work. Just a bunch of sore loosers with negative comments. Trump-Pence 2020!
Yup you going down EVEN FURTHER
PEE TAPE!!!!!!!!!!
I would love to sit down and discuss things with you I like your style
Really? We are waiting with bated breath to see what your next bombshell will be. Are you enjoying this reality TV show?
You're a pigfuck.
Please tell me u leaving & getting a better toupee 
شكلك سامع شي؟؟
I'll bet! Remember to get some sleep.
@realDonaldTrump pinche pelos de elote vales madre
You guys are literally talking shit on our fucking president .
Go to Maimi and wait for Irma.
Harvey did not had a chance to drawn you.
