I will just leave this here...
.@realDonaldTrump The POTUS should ALWAYS Defend the Constitutional Rights of Citizens; not demand penalties for those exercising them.
I don't think he has the slightest clue what the Constitution says...
. I agree.
Real Americans aren't afraid. Real Americans understand that the right and ability to oppose our government is what makes us great.
Says the guy who can't even remember to put his hand over his heart during the anthem...
Problem is the President or any member of the exec branch can't advocate firing or boycotting. Thats a #Crime buddy!
(2)

Influences, or offers or threatens to influence, the official act of another,
Says a draft dodging,tax evading, small handed, de-minimusly endowed, Putin ass kissing, traitor. MAGA and RESIGN!!
Don't forget adulterous, scamming, money laundering, fake Christian liar!
But what if they're kneeling because they have bone spurs on their heels? Would that make it acceptable in your narrow, limited view?
did you really use "you're fired"??? this isn't celebrity apprentice donald. please stop.

Americans died for our right to protest. We have no obligation to blindly follow this discrimination under the guise of patriotism.
YOU FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO DO
Sez the the man who calls Nazis & white supremacists "good people" - someone has to stand up to RACISM & hate the way to do it is #NFLKneel
If people are forced to stand we might as well be north korea. This notion is ironically more anti american than not standing.
#DemocracyinIran @Iranncorg@POTUS
Forcing people to be "Patriotic" is Fascism. Patriotism is earned, not to be given because some government official wants to force you.
You're the worst!... There are pictures of you not putting ur hand over ur heart for the anthem hypocrisy!!!!
Why the fuck is #45 not focusing on Puerto Rico?
Using the tagline from your awful reality show?? Yeah, that sounds very presidential...

Cannot WAIT until "You're Fired" by impeachment & jail time for treason by Mueller!! It's only a matter of time
It's kind of a red flag when the President is discouraging peaceful protest and is trying to take control of the freedom of the press.
You are no one to complain about them . You were a draft dodger during Vietnam , in addition to all the other disrespectful stuff you do!

This is what's important right now? Puerto Rico, USVI, FL, TX devastated, North Korea threatening war, ACA, DACA, etc. and this is ur tweet?
The #TakeAKnee movement is neither protesting the anthem not the flag, but the inequality our country was built on and thrives on today.
What is your plan for Puerto Rico?
Trying to remember another leader of a country who had the same totalitarian views as you....what was his name....Adolph something I think


Old Glory MUST fly inside the heart of any true American. 
Go ahead Mr President. 
I'm proud of you.

Yep.
Law,
order
and Colt 45 ...
Threatening to punish citizens who exercise their Freedom of Speech should be priosecuted for civil rights violations!
Your collusion with Russia shows your patriotism
You need to resign and America will rejoice
Many of us wish you would find something else to do.
You are a loser. The players will be the winners.
pardon the intrusion Mr. President -how about:  "find another Country yew disrespectful, spoiled, ungrateful ingrate who haven't a clue or..
sorry Mr. President ...these Dumbocrats will never sway me or Middle America from yer Vision ...it'll take time ...I'm a patient man -MAGA 

Dear Mr. President, with all due respect, know that this your tweet is against the right of all my African American Hero's. Proud Black Man
America is a free country which means you are free to kneel during the anthem. That's what freedom allows.
You first bub
But you cause so much civil unrest!
And the President should worry about running the country....not running the NFL
I wish you'd get fired and find something else to do
Something else to do, like telling the truth about your Russia relations and the billions you're making by screwing the US.
Or perhaps they could just endlessly tweet mind-numbingly inept and vapid vacuous comments like @realDonaldTrump does all day long.
HYPOCRITE
this is the guy preaching about respect?
18 U.S. Code § 227 I really think you should read this Mr. President @realDonaldTrump
What better way than to respect our country, Flag, and National Anthem than by exercising the 1A? You show more disrespect by objecting.
Not looking for a political message when I tune into the game, its an easy fix, don't turn it on there's other stuff to do
I have always supported you Mr. President from across the ocean, but on this, I think you are wrong to call those men names sir.
Mr. President,

The FLAG always wins!!
You stand or you lose!!
How can they hate the county that enabled them to be rich? #StandForOurAnthem
Stop trolling the NFL and start helping American citizens in Puerto Rico!
Why are there so many anti-Trump people here? You don't see many republicans on the Hill or other liberal sites because they kick us off. This present president is the very best we ever had. If you don't like him, you are part of this country's problem.
Not being a traitor to the United States is far more important than standing for an anthem.
YOU should be IMPEACHED !!! Read the Constitution !!! They are not protesting the flag !!! Get your head out of the sand !!! #ImpeachTrump
Our sentiments exactly. You're fired trump. Find something else to do.  Your attempt at presidency is an #EPICFAIL   Epiiiiiic. #DumpTrump
MORON MORON MORON MORON MORON MORON
can.... can you read? the constitution isn’t that long, i promise.
Same to You! 
Your deferments show what you think of America
#WorstPresidentEver
Is this a distraction or an abstraction? Hard to tell.
please when you stop showing hatred, bigotry at every event then perhps they will stop standing for their belief which is their right
it’s called the second amendment look it up fam

So it should be.


White people: Black people should protest in a civil way
Black Person: *sits quietly during the national anthem*
White people: Not like that
GEORGE WASHINGTON SEES YOU AS A JOKE, HE WOULD HATE TO SEE THIS FOOLISH BEHAVIOR FROM A POTUS
Maybe they would like to go to war and see first hand what a real fight without pads is?  #BacktheUS
What is worse? Calling a players mother a bitch or taking a knee during the Anthem. Show some respect Mr. President.
@ward305 Bring these games to a halt...if the refs all walked off field if these jag-off take knees
I'm actually with Trump on this one :). Stand or GO HOME!!!
We stand with your position on this #PresidentTrump.
Bottom LINE...................................................

U.S. Code § 227... Impeach Trump!!!
You need to find something else to do!

your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Thank you Mr. President!
Mr. President, I challenge you to spend one week living in the neighborhood Mr. Peters grew up in.
#NFL
#TakeAKnee 
#BoycottNFL 
Put your money with your mouth is! #LiarInChief #KCChiefs 
Change the channel from #FoxNews, just turn it off!
I'm tried of the race card. It doesn't even offend me anymore, it  doesn't have the same meaning, left uses it every time they disagree.
Impeach @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Sorry, hit the wrong button. Impeach the thief and white supremacist, I can't wait to see him removed from the office he bought from Putin!!
I think u can I click it. It’s just crazy what we see happening around the world since @realDonaldTrump was elected #warhungry #unstableman
It just gets more embarrassing and disgusting day by day
Can't wait until YOU'RE fired.
You’re a boasting draft dodger, others fought and 55,000+ died while you bragged about screwing!!! Yes, I served AND in Vietnam!
Tu nous apprends rien
Come on over here and say that to my face. I dare you! I won't stand for you walking all over muy first amendment rights!
Does Putins hand up your puppet hole feel strange ?
Nice
Great response POTUS #BoycottNFL
You worship the flag but disparage what it represents. You're reprehensible.
You disrespect the flag and the whole country every day. Find something else to do!
One nation One flag One national anthem be proud of stand together it's not called the United States for nothing make Uncle Sam proud 
truck drivers are the backbone of our country. Why will you not meet with and listen to their concerns about the mandated ELD program?
Your fake outrage over this issue is not distracting us...Mueller is closing in on you.  #resign #25for45
“You can’t kill me, im a bad bitch”
Vote c
President Trump Rules !!!!
Charlatan, fake, you will be repealed.
Could it get any worse? #worstpresidentever
fire them lol
Yes.
I love how this is grammatically incorrect :^
ass why don't you spend your time and energy with duties that president's are supposed to be addressing instead of ridiculous nonsense
You said NFL gets paid well! Huh??!!

I AGREE! We should show respect for those who have died to protect our freedom! GOD Bless America & our President.
@POTUS @WhiteHouse what are you DOING to HELP Puerto Rico IN CRISIS? #PuertoRiconeedshelp #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
Exactly President Trump!!! I'm with you 100%! Keep MAGA! God bless 
BOY YOU FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO DO
Trump a 5 time draft dodger who ran from the nations call. Hypocrite.
#BoycottheNFL
Those players are taking a knee cause you suck as a president and no one wants you here not because they're disrespecting America
This isn't a TV show. This is real life and your childish behavior is going to get us blown up.
Been watching your reruns?
Address inequality. Address brutality. Stop lying about WHAT THEY ARE TRYING TO SAY. #DotardDon #RacistTrump #25thAmendment
I wish You would find something else to do other than Pretend to be Presidential!  You are the Worst POTUS we have Ever had. #NotMyPOTUS
Shut tf up and leave my boys alone (NFL)...and btw plz give my daddy's (@imartinezp_ and @emartineeez) their visa plz...thank you
#PuertoRico
Is a joke. The world is laughing at you pudding man. Greetings from Australia.
Mr. President, sir, my friends and I want to start movement to burn NFL gear for donations to wounded vets. Could use some help.
AMEN!
You should be fired for not sending aid to Puerto Rico!!
Remember in college how the football players were usually the dumb ones with borderline GPA's? Things haven't changed.
How bout “YOURE FIRED!!!!!!”
1) takes or withholds, or offers or threatens to take or withhold, an official act, or
(2) influences or offers or threatens to influence,
Lets get back to running the government PLEASE!

As president you do know that you legally cant use your position to influence private biz, right? #knowyourjob
You should be FIRED!! #FakePresident
unqualified president!!! You don't know what your doing
If a person wants the privilege of being the US President, he should not disrespect the office. If not, IMPEACH!! Find something else to do!
18 U.S. Code § 227 stipulates that any federal employee, is forbidden from using their position to influence employment of a pvt. business
Just be the bafoons that you are overpaid to be and play the damn game ,hardworking people will never see you as politically relevant lol
In the NFL Handbook it states that the players must stand for the national antham. So much for rules...
Please do yourself and our country a favor? RESIGN! Thanks!
You sound like Mr. Spacely from the Jetsons. "Jetson, YOU'RE FIRED!!" And Jetson kept coming back to work.

--- Alejandro Villanueva a true example of courage under fire.  A great American.
You care more about a flag that you do about the injustices across your country
#PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico
WORST fake president in history. RESIGN
You also shouldn't LIE and let your entire organization and family collude with Russian Gov't to fix an election! But hey..who's counting?
1A. You are the government, Donald. You have no say in what is said.

you must arrest obama for destroying america his treason if you want to MAGA only way get america back
Per 18 US Code Section 227 it is ILLEGAL for the President of the USA to urge companies to fire private citizens. Shut up already Donald.
Y does gov fund Pro Sports? Stop it & put $$ to better use
Am I the only one have flashbacks to "The Apprentice" after reading this tweet?! "YOU'RE FIRED!" Hahahaha There's the Donald Trump we know!
