liar liar.....You know the rest
He must dvr shows and watch in the morning. They should cut his cable off lol.
This tweet gave me *gas*.
haven't you got more important things to worry about? You giant tool
Yes
Dear old man Trump, delusional, illiterate fool, everyone is reporting #True except Fox News?!? Ha
hey, it's early.... Dumb spell check not working!

They have been kind. Didn't report your affair with Karen McDougal.  Your family must be proud
And yet it has fewer typos than that tweet.
Nah @realDonaldTrump has to be the dumbest fake president of all time. Can't spell, worried about media. This what u signed up for b.
we will resist
More of your fake news, @realDonaldTrump? Leave the real facts and the spelling to @nytimes and @washingtonpost. They're professionals.
"has" @nytimes @washingtonpost
Our POTUS = setting new record for # typos in 1 tweet. Get it together, man, You are embarrassing an entire country now
#Trump's prioritization of Christians over Muslims is a violation of the Constitution. He must be removed from office at all costs.
replace "gas" with "has"
#whitesupremacyiskillingme
Hulk smash! *Tiny fist bounces off*
*has...YOU ARE FULL OF GAS!
Thank goodness Tony! You changed your profile pic. No longer am I worried.....
Keep up the pressure journalists !  We need to know the truth.  Not Alternative facts
are you tweeting that from your unsecured personal phone?
Hacked?
This is just so sad. Oh Donnie.
- Liberal media lies about most things & always trying to make Trump look bad. Never gives credit
are you talking about #alternativefact

You must stay up on current events. He lives in a white house in Washington D.T.
D.T.? District of Trump? Lol
My fantasy is its Freudian for #dumptrump
The T was intentional. I've started a petition to rename the nation's capitol. Must show id to sign!
#whinylittlebitch
Take your meds Donald.
LOVED THE INAUGURATION OF PRESIDENT TRUMP! why not show this on TV???
vomit
I am a new subscriber of WaPo bc of their truthful reporting! Keep up the great work!!!
It may be angry, as the majority of us are, but its reporting is NOT false.

God bless you Mr. President
You have the best words. You just spell some of them wrong. Jackass.
im glad he's tweeting about this because the so called press are still not being truthfull about president Trump!
do you not see your making a fool of yourself and this country? #slowdownorresign
which one of your chins is saying this?
I CALL UPON ALL CITIZENS READING TRUMP'S LIES TO DEMAND IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS. CALL YOUR REPS!!!
The coverage isn't False.  They report on sources they have and quote the sources. Thats the news!
Nope you're wrong. Keep trying snowflake I know you can learn.
At least Melania isn't the worst English speaker in the White House?
she speaks Give languages?
everyone mentions those 5 languages. Is it like her college degree?
what's funny is that I am also married to a Slovenian and I have never met a Slovenian who spoke English so badly.
so about 70% of TV in Slovenia is in English, the standard of English is actually quite high, so Melania is baffling
there is zero chance she speaks five languages. Linguistics skills do not come naturally to her.
from experience I know learning a language takes just lots of free time which I'm sure Melania has had
I also teach government so unlike ur pres, I know it's supposed to work.
that's where ur going, you judgemental Antichrist! My soul is fine
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.

its "the" not "Thr"
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
their problem is they use your own wds. Thank God for the media. #dishonest don
thanks for reminding me to subscribe!
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
i would follow mr dump if not for the fact it would make home think more of himself. Comedy gold
You can't trust any media ! They all dislike you,because they think u bought your job !
shame on you
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
th 4th their idiots mr.president, ignore them, u know what the truth is and thats all that matters
You have a presidential @twitter account now (@POTUS). Be a president and use it.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
Washington Post news are the worst Fake News. We are boycotting it.
SEAN SPICES knowledge also absolutely outstanding
I know he typed this 1 because of the typos. He did it really fast before KellyAnne caught him.
will start my subscription today.
just write an executive order for them to stop. Or send in the FBI to investigate all printed news
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
We the people believe in these truthful news organizations who don't report #alternativefacts
@MirandaSings trueeeeee
DT is the only false and angry one in this list.
So the NY Times reported accurately.  All the poles did.  They reported on what America wanted.
tiny fingers need spell check.
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
Hahahahahahahahahah!
Dude - you have gas
Yet another mouth fart?
look at your numbers lol loser much
*has
If this man runs OUR country as CARELESS as he tweets, we're in BIG trouble....You voted for him.
Man and we thought obama was a whiney pu$$y. Holy crap man grow a pair. You make USA look weak with that whiney drivel.
DT should not worry about what media says, he has to execute his policies
16 Muslim nation ban Jews,No outrage- Bt @POTUS bans 7 Muslim Nation, Global outrge Cals fr Jiad!
Drump take your meds not Bannon's coke.
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't get my head that far up my ass
Real Patriots have your back Mr. President.
@WeThePeople4US The Washington compost and New York slimes fake news papers
just because you keep screaming fake news doesn't make it so.
Focus on your job, Donny. They're doing theirs. I repeat: you do not run the media like Putin.
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
You’ll never be the man your mother is.
STOP WHINING when the press reports the TRUTH about ur ILLEGITIMACY. We need to IMPEACH ASAP
I just lost brain cells.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
I personally am disgusted by the liberal press
NO!  You are the angry one!
Keep going, Prez!
Trump, you want to be king but you are our President. U  are shaming us all. Huge mistake. Sad!
when you remember our president is thin skinned
Are you running on Saudi Arabian gas? Figures that you left that country off the banned list!
Wow
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
bullshit!
I live in eu and it is a disaster. The protestors dont know what they are doing. Smh
Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
YOU LIE DONALD TRUMP. YOU TRY TO MANIPULATE THE PEOPLE, NOT THE MEDIA. #DONTHECON
this president has done a great job at bringing all of the pansies out of the woodwork to troll.
apologizing does not make what they are doing right.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
You are delusional!!
Glad you said that, subscription has gone up because you said that.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
"gas"?  Not only small fingers, but also FAT.
As "precedent" of the US, you DO realize it's actually "the" and "has," right, you dimwitted fool?
Hey, you have something on your chin… no, the 3rd one down.
JUST for THAT. I'm getting a NEW subscript! Y'all give out alternative facts. I'll take my chances
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
only despots stigmatize the press. Change your playbook.
Everyone know what kind of person u are, no hiding anymore @guardiannews @BBCWorld @AlJazeera @WSJ
- is this because they were quoting you? The media is so unfair! #trumpcry
source?
gas???
dude mad typos
All I got from that Tweet was the need for Spellcheck and gaviscon
#TheHowlingMan from #TheTwilightZone has been unleashed.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
even autocorrect hates you.  A president that can't spell. As an American I am so embarrassed!!
This post just led me to become their newest subscriber. Truthful reporting.
FAKE NEWS again - oh Donald you really do need to get an education. Perhaps a public school!
# grow up child you're the president now. We all know your tweets are nothing but lies.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?

Freudian slip?? "gas" as in "gas lighting?? Something your administration is attempting but failing badly! #TheResistance #TrumpLeaks
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
Take a Pepto
#tRumpantichrist
I'm not offended by what you say. I'm just glad that you're stringing words into sentences now.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
If I said anything to offend you it was purely intentional.
we don't believe them keep up the good work Mr president
NYTimes/Washington Post, two of the best, most honest and thorough media around. #We the people...
That's why I'm glad GOD has given me #BrookemyAngel!! @BrookeBCNN whom being my biographer will
