I appreciate all your work but please my wife and I are not doing so well trying to live off of social securty
Such a scary fake! Mid term elections will crush the republicans and maybe they will finally take a real stand opposing the lunatic .

you sow terror in the world
You're so right!  No President has accomplished EXACTLY SQUAT! in the first 9 months in the entire history of this country.  Congrats, Dotard!
Your administration has not accomplished one single piece of significant legislation, much less any that are responsible for the economy.
?
Facebook is as guilty as Muslims & ISIS taking their side Zuckerberg.needs to be taken out. That is saying it lightly.
You half wits...do you really believe he reads these? Who are the narcissists? #bagofdicks
Thanks for all you've done so far.  Would you mind taking a look at the thieving governor walker and the Chem trails? No. That's not condensation, my dad was a usaf mechanic. Fix it please and thank you.
You lost the popular vote.
Your approvals have plummeted. 
You've accomplished far less than most presidents.
You inherited Obama's economy.
So true
Thank you Obama for your leadership with the economy.this nasty guy is constantly trying to take credit for your work. Lame
For a moment I thought it was April fools and then I looked at my phone and it was October 18. What has America become
#MAGA Morons Are Governing America
Lol what has Obama done bub
This whole tweet with all the Trump haters is Bullshit watch real news and then you'll know PR's gov. Fucked up not Trump
Obama: It's Don. Just smile and wave. Maybe he'll go away.

Bush: And they thought I was bad.

Clinton: GW, you're Gandhi compared to Trump.
Again, I say: Look at the new democrat in the middle.
What the hell are you talking about
Stop  fooling yourself..... you REALLY think  you accomplished ALL the good things that happened in this country since you took office.
How about taking some responsibility of the BAD you done also. And disgraced this country as well. Stop your whining!!! LEAD !!!
https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1312122188916830/ …
which is NOTHING
This tweet is such a colossal lie that it makes me laugh every time I read it.
You are delusional!
And how many millions of tax dollars are spent so you can golf at your golf courses?
You are so delusional.  Your head is up your butt as well as the heart you do not have.
Hello Président 
I'm from french polynesia... I like your work in this Word...
...
I believe so much in you Mr President and I know you will never lets us down
Thanks to Obama getting us out of the recession. You are reaping the benefits.
Have you studied all previous 44 presidents?
The Russians must have helped you write this...
Please name your accomplishments using measurable terms and refrain from lying. I know it's a big ask.
J'ai peur
You haters can say whatever you like anyone will 401k knows things are looking up for Americans.
Thank GOD for president Trump
The people were paid actors!

..”Oh, That’s Just Trump Being Trump..He Was Quite The Bully Back In ‘84 via THISLetter Which Would Explain His Hatred 4 The NFL.” #Sad
I have read this before, not a fan for sure!

On Point I Must Say! How Many Days Must We Endure This Kangaroo Administration?  WHY? WHEN? 
No kidding!! 
You talk about yourself as if you were talking about a new business or tv show you were hyping #SadSadLittleMan
As usual . . . . .
Ummm no.
Are you delusional?  Seriously , are you?
So proud of you President Trump!!

and what have you accomplished? your country would love to know.
The only president who made America great again was President Obama, not you liar!
Suck it!!
Resign! You are a danger to us all
All you do is tweet. What's wrong you scared to have to read from the teleprompter. But if the teleprompter was a pussy youd read that great
You’re right, no president has ever accomplished being an apprentice to Hitler or promoting police brutality. Way to go @realDonaldTrump!!
How tf is he hittler. He hasnt killed millions of people
Were not for the democrats Trump would have accomplished much more for America. But democrats are still crying about losing the election.
Virtually no president has claimed to have accomplished great things when he has done nothing but lose, lose, lose and be despised by many!
ur nine months in the womb were a mistake
when you say "accomplished" perhaps u mean "divided a nation". Yep you're right no other president has managed to do that
20 ignorant people liked this post

You Lie so much you actually believe your lies.
Do you know fake news so he believes is all fake names LOL
Said no one....

Exactly what has been accomplished? I call bullshit.
I think you should take another look at the past 9 months.  No campaign promise has succeeded.
You can't be serious.  Your inane tweets make you look inept.  BTW you need to fire Price.
No other president has accomplished so little yet hurt so many.  And most of the people did not vote for you.
What exactly have you accomplished other than forcing decent citizens to declare to the world that all Americans aren't deplorable like you?
Wrong!
Destroying society and issuing orders like a dictator - unable to work in a civilized way with others aren’t accomplishments. #FailingPOTUS
Look here Putin's Puppet, you have not done a thing.  Please resign.
But all these lies!!!!

No one sane believes you...stop with the stupid propaganda
Trump is too self confident, calm down boy !
Hmm don't remember anything you have done, looser of popular vote!
#FAKENEWS™
Delusional Dotard
totally agree

You talk kak sometimes, damn white supremacy Trump, America ain’t about just white people you dumbass
Ignorante di merda
Your Legacy will be the president that destroyed the U.S. because you can't stand a good President. President Obama. You will never be him!!
Buuuuuuuuuuhhh
Nor have they sent as many tweets.......
You’re right. Virtually no president has been as publicly reviled and denounced. Economists are roaring for you to be unseated.
What have you accomplished? Oh ... NOTHING!
U mean accomplished discrediting the US to the entire world?
She won ! This was a #Stolenelection and you are a #FakePresident! You have accomplished much in embarrassing and dividing us further.
You want to destroy us and design us to your liking like your Nazi friend Bannon wants. All the while enriching the most wealthy. You are
LMFAO!
you do know you're reaping the benefits of President Obama, right? How many times have you filed bankruptcy? 
You haven't done Shit! 
You are going down as the WORST president in American history.
are you sure ?
what have the republiCANTS ACCOMPLISHED????   HELLO azzho!
Check yourself for drafts, emperor.
you're right no president has ever accomplished what you have under chaos racism division of country
Mueller's interview all your White House staff do you feel the walls crowding you soon they'll be Prison Walls
Me waking up and rubbing one off was more productive than your presidency #impeach45
It's time America wakes up.
I agree no president in history has so inappropriately tweeted names slurs insults cuss words ever
FAKE PRESIDENT!
Wow, the emperor with no clothes...
are you sure?
oh yes...Obama's economy roaring!you creep have not a single thing to show..."bigglyst" shame for the USA!!!
Nobody likes you
Yep u r right  russia is moving in and u are leading it. Yep back to looking at buying a gun to kill Russians in my front yard
You wouldn't be president if it wasn't for the Russians
Words of wisdom from the Russian Hack
You're taking Obama's credit and running with it
Hope you can stay the course
I Agree. Virtually no other president has accomplished so little in the first 9 months.
Are you talking the # of exec orders signed, or the lack of actual legislation, or the unapologetic support for white-supremacy? #lilPOTUS
 riigghhtttt
EVERY time you give the NYTimes a pass, they go on to defame you more with their bold-faced lies.Take their Press passes, keep them OUT!!!!
Correct! No President has achieved so little in such a long time.
You have spent as much as Obama did in gist first YEAR on vacations and the economy has worsened
Rich fantasy life Donnie!
Bawhahahaha!!!!!
Delusional. (You prob don’t even know what that means!) #putz #loserandcreep
wages stagnant
Thank God no one has been as Awful as you know president needs to separate the people of this country as you have accomplish to do
If there is such a thing as Hell, it would be existing in your crazy brain day after day.
https://twitter.com/billmaher/status/914004102811488256 …
This sums things up perfectly! #RussianCollusion  @billmaher
Trump can’t demand that everyone stand for the flag if he colluded with a foreign Gov't to subvert the very democracy that flag represents. 
People are dying Donald
Economy is roaring due to Obama! Do some research. Until end of Oct, everything is because of the previous Pres. #liar
Keep dreaming our nightmare... you actually lost. Popular vote wanted Hillary. You are fired!!
Only thing that has roared in the last 9-months is you.  You can’t accept you won the EC and lost the popular vote.  Liars lie for a reason.

i could not agree more!  Thank you Mr. President!

do you know who accomplished more in his first 9 months of Presidency, chucklehead? President Obama!!
Seriously? lolol you're delusional
You're so nice and polite Roe. Very ladylike. See me go at it in 3...2...1.

What a joke.
West again did you accomplish? I don't see any results.
Have I been teleported to an alternate universe?
You're actually right! You are the only president to accomplish nothing in 9 months and brag about it. Winning!
You did not cause the economy to roar.  That came from previous administration. You haven't been in long enough to reap...
Yes you accomplished NOTHING....GREAT JOB.
and the "beautiful"  wall?
It has taken other Presidents & their administrations years to become as corrupt & incompetent as Trump's. Be proud of your record, be proud
Right, no other President in our history has destroyed more of our govt, laws, land and hurt more people than you and your administration.
Seriously?
Delusional!

Are you high??!
I agree to doing a great job shame you don't have any help
Drumpf is listing his accomplishments.
You're right there. Lowest approval ratings the fastest.
What the heck are you smoking?! I wish I had your bullshit blinders
Trump has accomplished nothing!! He lives in a delusional world of his own making. When we have ww3, thank trump!!!!
Ba-ha-ha-ha
You are so delusional. Just because you say it does not make it true.
Hahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha. Liar liar pants on fire
I’m embarrassed for you.
