We support you, President Trump. 

Find the leakers. They'll be tied to Obama/HRC.
No.
Incapable man. Everyone and every institution is to blame for you ignorance and incompetence. Hubris will be your downfall.

You're the god damn leaker! How stupid do you think the rest of the country is?
Surprise it's you Imbicile!
Pst.... Its you
Go look in a mirror. You have done more to put America in danger than anyone else before. Traitor. Traitor traitor
Good News: They found the leaker!
Bad News: He's wearing your pants.
It's you. Da
... and we don't care about that. Resign. You are unfit to lead.
Left and democrats are guilty of trying to do anything in their power to get rid of President Trump.  So ridiculous and hurting our Country!
@FBI @CIA @NSAGov @DHSgov swore to uphold the Const & protect the US from enemies foreign & DOMESTIC. That includes you so tread lightly.
Look in the mirrors, that's him.
Why....is it because u dont want people to know what a screw up u are?
"Mirror, mirror on the wall;  whose the biggliest leaker of them all?"
And that mirror they gave you didn't do the trick?!
you're the leaker to Russia

WH Staffer: Ummm, excuse me sir, but about James Comey...

45: YOU'RE FIRED!
Sounds like it you, dummy.
What was that he said about leakers.....LOCK THEM UP.  Wake up America..here is your leaker.
Did you check the mirror? Sometimes they hide there.
And when he found it, it fired him.
The only person leaking shit at this point is YOU.
That is probably doing the leaking himself or knows & lets them
Tick tock times running out. Time to clean out the White House of towels, linens, china. Get every last material object you loser.
SURPRISE! YOU FOUND HIM! And it's YOU! 21st Century Benedict Arnold.
You are the leak,,, prison for you
So we've got u, anyone else?
March 19, 2008 wire transferCayman acct ending **5972TERto Cyprus AcctCayman AcctTrump 
POTUS you have immeasurable support 30K likes to tweet in 3 hours - only 15 or so snowflakes criticising it.  MAGA

more picture geesubay -try sentence -start simple one then move to one with many words-try meaning something clever make funny
Learn to write a proper sentence geeze
President Trump please get rid of ALL obama. People on staff. They are nothing but trouble.
@realDonaldTrump I know who the leaker is. It's @realDonaldTrump
Turns out you fired the guy that was on to you because YOU ARE THE LEAKER!
It's not about leaks. *erases string of hyperbolic profanity*
You just admitted you're the leaker, you dumbass.
I wonder who leaked the story to the WaPo tho? It has to be someone in your top inner circle… Ivanka? Kushner? PENCE?
Remember when McMaster fervently denied that you leaked intel today then Deluded Donald blew that story yet again in another Twitter rant?
Deluded Donald? What exactly have you accomplished in your life?
"When the world is led by a child" by conservative David Brooks: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/15/opinion/trump-classified-data.html … #liberaltears
Hope FBI is investigating this.
I've got a feeling it is in the pipe.
Your enabled ineptitude is truly astounding; how does it FEEL to be such a hollow, ignorant, ill-informed, sad little man?
Like, you are arguably the most powerful man in the world and everyone has to reframe your words, because you have the worst ones. Oops? 
Do you think you'll ever have the capacity to understand nuance + be humble enough to learn/listen/operate beyond reactionary flailing?
Will you ever be humble enough to see you're being played by everyone + that, in your arrogant blustering, you're also playing yourself?
At least you'll know you'll always be the biggest failure the American presidency has ever seen. Hyperbole you can take to the bank! HUGE!
We have already seen that in the Last 8 years!
You are so ill-informed and willfully ignorant I would laugh if I didn't feel all this pity for you
I understand only you can be correct. Thanks so much for your pity but save it for yourself.
Mr. President those of us that voted for you have your back. We are still here and we are many. Show your teeth we are behind!
Dear Mr President GET RID OF THOSE AGAINST YOU YOU MUST
Agree with u Patricia. It is slowly happening. Obama had 8 yrs to run America into ground..with patience & time he's getting job done!
I'm so angry with that GOP NOT STANDING WITH HIM AND ALLOWING SO MUCH TROUBLE
Totally agree. When Trump 1st mentioned drain the swamp I naively thought it was just Dems. I was wrong also includes RINOS. TRUMP WILL WIN!
I did too so your not alone
I think they want to find the criminals and then the leaks dry up!
How about leaks in WH staff "Nutjob Comey"? Drama Queen Comey!
It's you. Though I think linking you to "intelligence" is extremely misleading.
The leakers are the real problem! You need to do a serious house clean! I hope the new FBI director will be more efficient!
Fire all the Obama holdovers do it by executive order if you have to, replace Reice, get people you can trust in place & go on the offensive
You asked for fealty. Look it up.
Sure, Nixon, whatever you say.
Study Ronald Reagan,,.
I think they found him. Ha ha ha.
If you fired Come because he was "unpopular" when are you going to fire yourself? Quit blaming everything on election.
While your gone they will find a way to impeach you. ENJOY YOUR TRIP
Gratitude to the leakers, the disloyals, the informers, the resistors, the disbelievers, the non-cultists, they love country more than money
Leakers are good,otherwise we would not know.Bob Woodward is one of them,remember?
Well they wouldn't have to look far....it's YOU! YOU'RE THE LEAK!
Turns out your the biggest leak
What a tit.
Leakers are not the problem. You, the LEAKEE, are the problem. God praise and protect the leakers.
Good luck with that-because they are going to have each other's backs--not yours, you fat, dumb, spoiled brat.
Rember you are the white house not that Building in DC
我代表中国人民鄙视你！
Delete your presidency.
Hey @realDonaldTrump DOES IT WORRY U that @MikePenceVP just Filed papers 2 Fund HIS Own PAC 2 RAISE $$ 2 RUN 4 PRESIDENT in 2020 #backstab
Leakers=Patriots.  You sold the White House to Russia.
But is Comey direct in all answers
Then you turn around a blab secrets to Russia in public. That endangers US! A great security risk at the very least!
Hard for the director to find the leakers when he's connected to them.
have you tried looking in that mirror of yours?  ROFLMBO
Invite hillary 2 white house then arrest her tell her 4 tresspassing & obstructing the doorway  & collusion working with dummies & thieves
I think it's you! Keeps the spotlight on you!
When they are revealing the crimes and  abuses of people in power over them, they're called "whistleblowers."
Haha what a loser!
like you leaked the identity of the Israeli operative?
Thank God for the leakers preventing your criminal subversion of our Constitution. They are my heros
Shut up.
Hiding something child molester
And leakers in the White House!!!
The leakers are the resistance anyone Ian's traitor is another's freedom fighter. It that ox being gored thing.
oh you mean informants to your illegal doings?
Check their underwear
We love and support you our President!  Keep tweeting!   #MAGA
Reason for"special prosecutor";your concern is to catchon your"alternative facts"actually being untrue & hurtful to OUR
Comey is DIRTY! HRC forced him into banking deal to cover HER butt..he can't squeal..they'll MURDER him!! TENT & exterminate the HOUSE!
Trump, right man...
Trump look at the media they are the true leakers
Leakers just allow us to see what shady shit your up to.  They are not the criminal. They are patriots standing up to your criminal malarkie
The leakers are patriot heros. We should build a monument to them.
Cause thats what's important finding the rat do you can say and do whatever you want not the fact that your being investigated for treason
Come on your lawyering up so you must be guilty of Russian conclusion.
@realDonaldTrump we support you Mr President.. you need to further the swamp drain.. get rid of all Obama / Clinton appointees in any agency
Dina Powell keeps hitting the news as leaker???
Hoping special investigators at least don't have leakers & may just help drain the swamp while exonerating u & whole Russian tale! MAGA!!!
Look no further than yourself
As is your right—turns out Comey may have been the biggest leaker of them all.
@JamesComeyFBI IS A LIAR! HE LEAK FAKE MEMO'S! HE IS ALSO THE LEAKER!!!!!!!
Your staff is leaking because they want you out it seems
http://6friends.eu/rxqtlgxsr 
YOU ARE THE LEAKER!
Maybe you need to stop doing things that you are afraid to get leaked out.
Like
Your own people hate you. They know you have dementia. It's not a laughing matter. You are ill. They are the leaks. They are worried.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House_Big_Dig …
They're all leakers.
They did. It's YOU!
You?
The Irony? Trump is the only one that's not dirty!
You did not mind leakers when you were campaigning.
YOU ARE THE "LEAKER" GO BACK AND READ YOU MILLION TWEETS AND THEN LOOK IN THE MIRROR!!! SHAMEFUL YOU ARE JUST PLAIN SHAMEFUL
#FAKEPRESIDENT
Can we get started on the term limits! Lets clean that nasty swamp! Put them all on Social Security and Medicaid/Medicare! They work for us!
Have They found the biggest one? Investigator may find out?
You are the leak lmao
The left refuses to admit this is the ONLY illegality so far and is a grave danger to American survival...we MUST find them and kill em, lol
Need to Arrest all leakers and there accomplishes
Look in the mirror asshat. The leaker in chief will be plain to see.
So you can fire them.  Really.
Director Comey is going to sell you out for firing him.
Well they didn't know they were looking for you! 
To find the leaker, look in the mirror.
Comey probably was a leaker.
Please not Joe leavermen
Why isn't the GOP organizing a counter offensive?!!
It's all the swamp creatures you surrounded yourself with! Shocking NOT.stop bombing Syria so the JUs can steal their oil
@realDonaldTrump set a rat trap and caught the big rat.
..and then you found out it was you!!! 
Do not look any further than yourself. You are the problem. What lies are you believing today? What face are you putting forward this time?
So Comey needed to go!  Hopefully the new FBI Director will do his job!
Uh....that would be...YOU!
Go look in the mirror. I'm sure you have plenty of them around
Are you ever going to finish this tweet?
Leaker found.
*Your administration* leaks, sign of no confidence in leadership. Fire everyone & start over. Want investigation to end?  Be transparent
The people are with you Mr.President!#MAGA

17 Intel Agencies and not one agent can hack into a IPhone! More waste!
Mr Comey is better gone. Now we can get some real work done Mr. PRESIDENT
Leaks come from YOUR insider team !!!  Stone, Manafort, Gates, Bannon, plus, plus, plus...
Well, maybe you should stop giving them ludicrous things to leak about! If your actions & words are good, they'll stop writing about you!
DO NOT RESIGN!!! #trump2020
That's easy the name you're looking for is PATRIOT
And yet, all along, it was YOU. Funny that!
Keep looking for the leakers and hang them on the town square when you find them Sir. We the people have your back.
The Best Thing you can do is keep calling for investigations into all the Cover up's we have witnesse Like Seth Rich  Pay For play Pedogate
Among other requests @maddow @POTUS @billmaher
Look. In. A. Mirror.... FOUND HIM!
You are a leak
True story. I can confirm that.
They are not "leakers" they are just unnamed sources! And we need them.
Donnie, you should respect the government agencies. If you don't trust them, get out, you're out of your league. Totally unprepared to rule.
YOU ARE THE LEAKER!! Sad! Go home old man!
Check your mirror, bro.
U are a bad president - resign immediately!
Write executive order 2 unseal Obama sealed records 4 falsification of data  obstruction of justice and collusion with dnc 2 run 4 potus
You're a leaker, Donald!
his name is Donald Trump oh wait, you leak America's intelligence to Russia
Look in the mirror.
@realDonaldTrump realDonaldTrump pardon Steven and Dwight Hammond
but you are the leaker?
Right Liar
Comey WAS one of the leakers
