My God you tout what you call successes instead of condoning the hatred that you have encouraged throughout your presidency impeachment
Why would we do that. All that comes out of your mouth are lies!

Hypocrite
I'd join if you were gonna off yourself...THAT'd be worth watching.
3 Years, 5 Months, 7 Days, 21 Hours, 33 Minutes, and 3 Seconds
Until Donald starts his next term! #MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump: Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: http://45.wh.gov/5HJcB8 
Are you enjoying playing President?
yes I think he is enjoying his presidency and will for a full 8 years
8 months, max.
https://twitter.com/trumpsterMG/status/676731856503611392 …


1976 I Demanded God for wisdom, just slightly lower than Jesus Christ.   2017 I ask again Give me absolute power 2nd to Christ. WOE TO DEMS!




Absolutely pathetic display of self-promotion, and completely incompetent, gutless lack of condemnation of hatred in #Charlotteville. SAD!!
No

Ha. No.
NEVER!!!
https://youtu.be/ZZyk7507iW0 
You hired Bannon - this is the net result
I'll join you at your resignation press conference.



Did you hear me, trumpet? You are future historians favorite joke
Racist, traitor fake president! #25thAmendmentNow
you and your henchmen revel in this divisiveness; you've fueled these fires for some time. You are the Devil himself.
Where's the National Guard in Virginia???? Get them there!!!!
Everything started in this WH since the rallies
"When u open ur heart to patriotism there is no room for prejudice" - @POTUS 
Rob, you are a true patriot. I would go back to war in a minute with you. I will be happy to have you on my side for Civil War Part 2! MAGA!



Nah.
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: http://45.wh.gov/5HJcB8   @Titans vs @nyjets #Get_Free_Access @NFLgame_pass
Why BS is all you spew
That was it? I'm thankful it wasn't awful.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING ABOUT THE RIOT PROCEEDINGS IN YOUR NAME!!!! SOMEONE DIED AS A RESULT OF YOUR IGNORANCE!!
SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
What hole will you be on fat man?
No
It is time to remove the racist bigot Trump from office, Remove Fox News, Rupert Murdoch, NewsCorp from the USA and their racist bigots
Trump has never been a racist. Has never been involved with white supremacist.  Can't say the same for Soros

Well, we know there is one person who is happy today. #GeorgeSoros 

David Duke in #Charlottesville saying this Nazi, #UniteTheRight fiasco "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." 
David Duke Quit The KKK Over 30 years Ago.. He Condemn their Hate. Your LibTard Media Pushes Him For Nazi propaganda..Enjoy The Knowledge
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/02/david-duke-trump-219777 …
So That Makes Him A KKK member.. You really Are Desperate to Push LibTard Facts That Are Factless
Look It Up On Wikipedia.. he quit the KKK in 1980 or R U That Ignorant That U cant Read..if so try YouTube, He Has a Video Condemning KKK
Donnies father marched w the KKK and got arrested in Queens NY.
You better not backpedal here. This is a defining moment
Don't hold your breath. He is an idiot!
Hope you. FLOTUS Melanie, had fun
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: http://45.wh.gov/5HJcB8 ...
The criminal incompetent liar in the White House must be removed with legal means and kkkFox News must be shut down and removed from the USA
Donald Trump is mentally ill, a compulsive liar and corrupt. he must be removed from office.
I'll join you live at your impeachment.

Throw David Duke and Antifa, for being bused in and paid, in JAIL FOR INCITING RIOTS. BOTH RACISTS!



Real collusion is Killary selling Uranium to Russia 
Since it is a lie that HRC sold uranium to Russians there can't be any collusion!
It's the inconvenient truth for any liberal. Killary's ass been kicked out 4-ways 
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, don't listen to the liberal wing of the GOP....what have they ever done for you? We have your back! End DACA
A lot of whining SNOWFLAKES on here, Love you President Trump you are doing GREAT.
Thank you President Obama for saving this country from a great recession. One of the greatest presidents in history
I would like to join but I don't have lots of money. Trump said he doesn't want poor people working the white house or near him.
This guy is the poster boy for home grown Christian white terrorism.  Not a Muslim.  Not a Mexican.  An American citizen.
What is Christian white terrorism? You mean antifa?
a human is dead via domestic terrorism and this guy's talking about bringing jobs back, and "...bigotry on both sides" #Charlottesville smh
Don't let this orange turd in the white house try to take credit for the great deeds Pres Obama did for this country. Remove him now
Only if you plan on giving your resignation speech today. Otherwise, I'll wait and just tune in for the #TrumpTrials.
*marks calendar* https://twitter.com/tribelaw/status/895334589480050688 … #TrumpTrials
See you in court on Oct. 18, @POTUS! http://politi.co/2hKloeI 
I am truly afraid for our country. The KKK and Nazis are a rising political force who can create a state of emergency in Virginia.
And it's ok for Black Lives Matter to protest and whites can't??  Explain
You made VETERANS wait 25 minutes 4 u & then LIED abt yr "achievements". You r a HUGE failure & #draftdodger. SAD little man! #2MinutePOTUS
For what, a triple bogey on number 8?
This orange turd must be removed from our WH now. RW media that intentionally lies and fear mongers, Fox News must be shut down and removed
please block me
Join ME live from Deez NUTS !!! 
...if you've got the nads, that is.
...and you DON'T.
With you white nationalist
No thanks
JFK sent in federal troops when this happened in the '62. You can't even condemn White Supremacists for fear of offending your base.#Nazi

For your lies??
"Forget it, I have worlds and stories to destroy...."
Join you?!? So we can hear you dance around the word Terrorism and Nazi Behavior using child-like language skills and "mega" words? #RESIGN
The best Hollywood actor's love President Trump.
I'm a pre-existing condition and wouldn't be welcome there

No thanks, you repulse me
WHAT IS THIS AN ADD FOR YOUR GOLF COURSE ???
no
I would rather throw myself in front of a bus than watch you
All your white supremasists, Nazis and kkk constituents are out of control and you have nothing to say.
What for? To hear your white nationalist rhetoric?

TERRY MCAULIFFE for president! God bless you Charlottesville, Virginia.
No thanks, you make me cringe. Ps: the color of your skin is getting worse. You might want to have that checked. #DenounceTrump
"Join me live, from my vacation home." Dude, anyone can do that now, in their pajamas. It's called live streaming. #TrumpSpeech #TrumpTweets
If only you'd done that instead of run for president & then found out it was a lot harder and more work than you realized, and fucked us all
NOT MY PRESIDENT!!!   RESIGN!!!
Idiot!!
Hell, no. If I want to hear lies I'll watch one of your previous press conferences.
Why won't you explicitly condemn nazis and White supremacists? Like @IvankaTrump did in her mealy-mouthed way?
When cars were used to attack people in France & the UK it was terrorism. Why aren't you calling it what it is when it happens here?!?!?!?!!
MAGA! TRUMP 8 YEARS!
Quite Literally : Leave Office. 
America needs you and your fascist, anti-human decency,  alt-right thugs out of office.
When are you going to say what this is domestic white terrorism
#whitenationalistterrorism 
#whitenationalistterrorism 
#whitenationalistterrorism
Make Trump Great again
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
You are so full of wanting to SEE yourself on tv it's Shamefull and beneath the Presidency you hold. Trump TV !! Wtf !
Stand up to the alt-right, the Nazis, the skinheads, the KKK, and all the rest of the racists you coward! Are you too afraid of them???
There's plenty of golf on television. Thanks for the offer though
Keep up the good work and thank  you so much for the job you are doing thank you
UCK. No way
Thanks, but no thanks! I just had lunch.
RESIGN LOSER
No one wants to join @realDonaldTrump at his resort.
Live from the Nazi Sh*t show.. First US Nazi President.  
NAZI=MURDER, HATE, VIOLENCE, DEHUMANIZING OTHERS. What part don't you get?
To join you at Charlottesville ?? U are not for peace you are for hate. #freemason
Pass.
I rather be watching your impeachment
yes ofcourse
BALLESS-CHICKEN SHIT-SPINELESS-PROVACATEUR.  This is UR baby and URs alone.  U brought Terrorism to America.  Home grown & encouraged by U.
Nothing you've said this far has any merit. You are unfit to lead the free world.
For a round of golf or just more hot air?
Cherish our history??! Slavery?? You're kidding, right? Oh, wait. That's right; you're a racist, so you would cherish it.
Join you .  Sorry I uh, uh, have bone spurs. Yea that's it - bone spurs.
Non future killer from world non america it's love you Trump go home
LOL

I'd rather watch flies mating
Did you ad lib "many sides" why? Because you don't want to upset your base and admit that white supremacist are the wrong side. Shame on you
Not worth my time.

I hope you surprise everyone and come out strongly against the white supremists!

Tell NK if they misbehave; they're getting a Nuclear Spanking 
Thank you but no thanks
JUST THINK! FOR YEARS TO COME, YOU WILL STAND AS THE EXAMPLE OF THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER. PERHAPS FOR CENTURIES, SHOULD WE LAST THAT LONG.
I love the way @MELANIATRUMP looks up at #hanksiemers when shes blowing him. He probably likes it too. #presidentcuck
Most of America love President Trump.
Please leave we don't want you in our state thanks
No
Hey DJT are you cheering them on like you do at your disgusting rallies? Are you going to pay their legal fees? White Supremacist Terrorism
Don't want to offend the 33% of your base huh? Them your numbers would really tank. #shameonyou
I will never join you anywhere. You Sir are a Problem the American People need to Resolve.
I did. With a protest sign.
You are the leader of White Nationalist Terrorists. You need to resign.
You said "Anyone who cannot name our enemy is not fit to lead this country"
YOU refused to name White supremacist terrorist
This is Trump & his gang  signature they did it .
Full tape: #charlottesvile fatal crowd-ram with an hour of context and CPR medical. Ram starts -14.08 https://www.facebook.com/TheHill/videos/10155164288944087/ …
Why? You are a groping, nasty, very bad man
This is YOUR FAULT
Little Marco called obese trump out.  Trump is a COWARD.  trump is a PUPPET. Trump is a WIMP. Trump is a intellectual MIDGET trump is aCROOK
Condemn White Supremacy now!
North Korea is the one pushing for this war, not the U.S.. We are basically giving NK a chance here after all the threats about War Heads.

#nazi #putin #cuck #traitor #treason #corrupt #amoral #asshole #wannabedictator #smallhands #goldenshowers #mailorderbrides #loser #bigloser
Y love OBAMA no killer 
Every milita man that failed to keep peace should be arrested.
I wouldn't dare
Quit please.  Xx
You SUCK!
.NO!! Not until you condemn the terrorist attack in Charlottesville!

Good people ate being killed by your Deplorables
I wasn't allowed into your high class club yesterday #MAGA
Denounce white supremacy- you are our President!
IMPEACH NOW!
Resign
