A little factual perspective

Actually later than that, they're on a CR
THANKS OBAMA
Now I think I am going to barf. Get an original thought.
Learn how the market works
I really don't care how it works. I am just tired seeing the same damn tweet over and over. Like you all collectively use one brain cell.
Thanks Obama!
How much money do I have in stocks?
A continuation of 2009 to now

Thanks Obama. Just wait until your policys take effect
Thank Obama, though I know you never will.  He handed that to you on a silver platter.
Ha ha you can trace those back for years before the election. Chump.
Thanks Obama
Thanks, Obama! Got nothing to do with you Trump, you bitch.
Bot.
Yup!
Thanks Obama!

@realDonaldTrump Now I would think THAT would be "fake news".
Nice

Thanks Obama

The only thing Obummer did for us was let terrorists into our country, ignore our vets and put a man in the women's restroom.
More white Americans kill people every year than terrorists from other countries. .
I'd love to see the factual statistics on your statement here. Can U provide your source 4 us?

Thanks 4 all your google links, but these types of 'articles' hold no evidence of anything. Mostly they're opinions, hearsay, & more master media manipulation. I found what I needed at the DOJ.  Merry Christmas
Then cite a reference from the "DOJ" that disproves it.
#dreangedanimal
92 months of growth under Obama, no bgragging. 
10 months of growth under Trump, he can’t shutup about it.
Obama's the best.
Trump's the messed.

The mentality that got Trump to be occupier.
Thanks for proving my point.
How quickly you forget ADMITTED SEXUAL ASSAULT by TRUMPin the ACCESS HOLLYWOOD video. LOL
You better listen to that tape again.  There was no admission of sexual assault.
It steadily climbed all through President Obama's term which is why you don't want to show anything before election day.
What's the matter? Hasn't anyone validated you yet today?
Good thing that orange moron inherited a good and growing economy. Otherwise he'd have nothing to brag about.

THANK YOU OBAMA
Full of trolls today, up early or they don't sleep???
funny, look at the markets since inauguration day 2009.  Straight line from the Bush catastrophe through the Obama recovery.
Brag about that to the millions who will lose insurance under trumpcare. Or just shut up
How about those 33,000 lost jobs in September?
Yes thank you.

Surprised all the repubs who just don't understand this FACT
Facts are not their strong suit.
The top 5% pay about 60% of taxes, the bottom 50% pay about 3%.
The system that allows them to prosper needs them to pay a portion of those profits to support it. Avg. fed. tax paid paid by top 1% = 23%.
The people in the bottom 50% use more of that smaller income to pay for basic necessities like food and rent.
I'm sure you celebrated every 11 month set of economic growth under Obama admin as well.

Thanks Obama!!!!!!!!
Obama also cared for the poor who are too lazy to work and always look for handouts
Anyone who has taken FIN101 knows this has nothing to do with Trump
You are still trailing behind @BarackObama ...
Keeping your Promise for America.




Trump taking credit for a cyclical economic trend started in 2009 has no basis in economic reality.
Thanks, Obama!
Trump is a toxic person who lies, belittles, creates more fake news, and is ruining our country. #TrumpAdminIsABadHorrorMovie
Thanks Obama !!
Say it with us #45, Thank You Obama!! There you go !!!
The stock market is based on confidence of investors not actual productivity or economic growth. False flag to distract the uninformed.
And we can count that stock growth against the national debt right?  #FuckingMoron
As @realDonaldTrump s cult of patriots say "elections over, get over it" still wanting cusps for Obamas work?
So why do the extremely rich need a tax cut? Looks like they're doing just fine with their stock holdings.
Of course with a tax cut they can add to their stock holdings, but how does that help the middle class?
It helps anyone that w/a 401k or pension. Mainly the middle class’ way of saving for retirement & creates environment where businesses hire
I don't think so
It just seems mean to take away federal help for poor people to buy health insurance just so rich can get a tax cut.
Thank you President Obama!!
Give it another 6 months for your actions to actually have an effect on the economy.   Then start bragging.
We lost jobs for the first time in 80 FREAKING Months!!  Thanks Trump
Oh and by the way, Stock Market gain has no relation to National Debt.... Ignoramous!
Better cash that out now before Trumps cronies take it from you.
Before 45 and republicans start raiding it.
Thanks President Obama!
The democrat sheep think obama did this  in 8 yrs that epic failure couldn’t even get over the standard 3% GDP  #MAGA
Please study economics. Your ignorance is showing
Thanks simmion I’m educated but it’s interesting that you assume I’m not  #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Were you educated at trump university?
Let's look at from 2009 shall we?
You know markets have nothing to do with jobs, debt of deficit, right?  Quite the opposite in fact.  Good job Coasting on Obama 's policy!


That’s all Obama, not you.
small government big results  in the market funny how that works. Keep crying DEMS boohoo your way in to early retirement W/ 401k
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Ftime_continue%3D5%26v%3Dmism9aavGUk&h=ATN4fWUI-glAE2f-sekE5WIph1mmNk1NgsZhmYMUbAAjCEBCXbAfMuEKwMxOD8aa6nFGWMMZH9UKo6HM8O7Icv4sHLRFI0vdTnsniLWLUvgZX5sARD6KxomM33Jql46YHhcw4mkh-yI&enc=AZMQGYTnsWzFVdJvqh9bZkrbpkZ6llCY6abgua06mXLERgxyWPop30S34In3KjQNSDrR_53S8dpB56N3X7UZnejg-He-aIquK_QAKXuZk70acV71N7joYv65-zzmxDXLwX00U-cpeyST3TUWRHNuNL8TtHtqJFYABbjaElss8F9i0PgK_woSC8TGFLrlqy2lZovgzmCjpk_6sQh7sZQtkqMWE8_C3UeJx5IgwBg3nsSab8ulHyfBwID52t3W5M2GufW7MefmUcSgAWl7RFUSpecJDXLthcjoDbAY4UJdf8oZly6RpNxL_BxgIb-5GGkW7G0Gf02GOxrPrqeDFLKdbizoM4ACB9e_R3_U0BjMhNJDcevgs48M3A5Fl-9b1jB8gFD9teBWsfJr4Len8VkQKiL6hL_yBTUg05zP39BXkWR-bA&s=1 …
Bot
You've posted one comment Bot.

Thread
You kissed the ass of Trump, an amoral con who is in the f'ing White House - grab 'em by the pussy. You need to stfu 
Americans saw that footage and still elected Donald Trump we did not want Hillary
No, he was appointed by the EC, not elected by a majority
Whichever way you cut it.... he’s your President
Not as far as I'm concerned. He's a pretender and not very good at it.

Ooooooh, a roller coaster!
Congrats Wall Street fat cats this means literally nothing to me or my bank accounts. Just waiting for it to ''pop"
Since the gains have been steady since before the enactment of any Trump policies, you nitwits realize this proves its Obama's economy, yas?
..
Nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump
This is all due to Obama's actions & Democrats legislation.
So, what exactly does a president do that makes markets go up and down?  Because my financial planner says it has nothing to do with Prez.
Thanks Obama
No one can convince me God didnt send this man to help us! In spite of all the plans & boulders thrown in our Potus' way we win!

Thanks Obama!

Now folks just think how great it will be when TRUMPS tax plan takes effect,chew on that dems,USA CITIZENS FIRST@not illegal aliens
Give it time
Oblubber had nothing to do with this. Trump did idiit
Idiot
Fox is as phony as you are. It has been ban in Canada, England, Ireland, Wales and Scotland because of all their lies.
and any questions?? THE @POTUS KNOWS $$$$$$ #maga #MAGA #OMG !!!!!!!!!
There has been no doubt Trump - Pence, the 1st family and the Cabinet would be great for the economy! #StockMarket #Finances
I absolutely agree with you! Love  our 1st Family!
Me too Obummer is the worst president in years and a stupid one at that

@realDonaldTrump
Bwahahahaha! This is Obama’s work, not Trump’s. Delusional.
Thank You President Obama.
Thanks, Obama!
How many middle to low income families invest today?

Trump's net worth drops $600 million on Forbes' rich list, falls 92 spots http://cnnmon.ie/2zfx2lU  via @CNNMoney
Setting yourself up for a fall Donny?
I have an idea to build the wall at no cost to the government by utilizing a nonprofit to further educate many of the college bound students
That's Obama!  Love ya
Over two weeks & your silence on the 4 @USArmy soldiers killed in Niger is deafening & speaks volumes about you as the  Command-in-Chief.
The FAKE president taking FAKE credit for his predecessor’s hard work.

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP  THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK! it's paying off BIG TIME!!!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/05/white-house-gender-pay-gap-more-than-triples-under-trump/ …
You Obama people

What with? Turkey poop?
Bill Clinton has to be really sweating female harassment discussions!!!
This is amazing!  Making lots of money 
My kids college money was taken away by California because they are all Nazi blackface Jews.
Thanks, Obama. Take a damn Civics class. We are still on Obama's budget. Resign now
Beating the expectations. Great work. Kudos to Mr. Trump's administration.

Thank you Lord for President Trump  #MAGA


AND.....we all have President Obama to thank for the financial stability of our country!!
Money talks: Bullshit (Obama) walks..
Thanks only to qualitative easing, not Trump. Now that the Fed is stopping QE, it will be interesting to see where the Dow lands.
#bubble
Thanks @BarackObama

Thanks, Obama

#economy #ThanksObama #trumplies #WorstPresidentEver #25amendmentnow
Trump toady.
@realDonaldTrump claims credit for stock market, only showing graph since his election
Obama fiscal year ended Sept
 http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/55ddb7a9bd86ef18008b5f43-800-600/spx-snapshot.png …
You've just been riding the wave of the Obama economy
And if you weren't such an incredible imbecile you'd know it
But you don't
#badchicken
The real imbeciles are those that can't comprehend the inherent traits of the market. Real time reactions with record results. Obama? Lol
https://payeer.com/?partner=5374812 …
I get SO tired of listening to your Narcissistic Mouth. It would be Wonderful if we had someone that could bring some CLASS to the Office!
Hmmm, during the campaign you said that the market was in a bubble and was in real trouble. Now you're taking credit for market gains? Wtf?
Fox News worse network out there! Fake News!! Also they sexual assault their employees!
Do you people get payoffs from Fox News Networks?
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul YOU need to apply the Price Gouging Laws to the big Healthcare Insur Cos Premiums & Deductibles. #USA
Even though markets have been up for 12 years, production is up, still not getting raises to match for average worker.  SAD!
Please stop quantitive easing and put interest rates where they should be. Then let’s talk about markets.
Trump! You're a lying con-man, a fraud, a traitor, a hypocrite, a pscyopath and the worst president ever! @CNN @nytimes @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews
Opinions.....everyone has them. Most are uninformed bs, spewed by both radical libs and conservatives, and driven by hate.
Fox?  A ha ha ha ha ha
46% of American believe things in the country are going well, down from 53% in August. 45's approval stands at 37% with 57% who disapprove.
When will this stop?
I guess anything good that happened during the Obama years was because of what George Bush did according to these comments
Anti- American just like Obama. They did a lot of illegal things especially bringing isis to try to destroy America. Evil! Never! Wins!
Thanks Obama! Rump taking credit again for something he didn't do. What about the dead soldiers?
Can't believe liberals attribute this to Obama I am truly insulted by anybody who believes this nonsense and anybody who does is an idiot
Sustainability is key. A lasting good economy is not achieved through over-exploitation or loose environmental regulations. CLEAN ENERGY!!!
Love the idea of high stocks, but middle class still suffering and inflation is killing day to day. House prices out of reach for most
Thank you Obama!
Healthcare premiums also already going up, but I don't see you idiots bragging about that

Sell!!!!!!!
Thank you President Obama! And thanks Trump....for the job losses. You did that well!!!!

All we need is trump. Trump is all we need.
Thank you, President Obama, for an economy strong enough to withstand the current effing moron despoiling the Oval Office.
Dow, S&P 500 posted biggest annual gains since late 1990s in 2013. Dow  up 26%; S&P 500 more than 29%. Nasdaq surged nearly 40%. #obama
Trumps a Great leader ,,you Hillary loving ,,Foolish unwise ,,Bunch ,,dont see because your choice to be ,,Evil an blind ,,

Thanks Obama! 9 years of growth!
US markets soar when I wear purple underwear
RT @tedcruz @RandPaul The Health Benefits/Insurance Cos. are the epitome of Crony Corporatism, Corruption, Fraud, & Abuse. #FullRepeal #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump Once again, like #FullRepeal, #Trump screws #Americans & #WeThePeople on #TaxReform & sells us out to the Big Corps #USA
Thanks to Obamacare policies
Hyper inflation??
Ian still watching cnn this lemon dude is aloud to suck cock because of the us military how is guy aloud on tv and get a check Ian pissed
Keep it real, Fox. This man didn't do the heavy lifting......Obama did
I appreciate Obama for strengthening our economy!
PWTs lookout your "no insurance" I mean "tax cut is coming soon" u stupid hicks never learn.  TRUMP IS GOING TO GIVE IT TO YOU WITH NO KY

Thanks Obama!
Tech winners, all their parts are made in Asia. just like all your clothes.
“since election” .... America has once felt hopeful again... no thanks to Obama administration..
You’re hallucinating. Women’s March,Charlottesville, Las Vegas shooting, poor hurricane response, failed health care bill.Do you recall now?
You can take majority out of the above listed... be realistic.
Thread 
Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 

Dow under Trump
What a bubble butt buffoon man baby you are Donald Trump making America weak
Roll TRUMP
Thanks President Obama
Does Charles Payne really still have a job?
Nothing he does would make these naysayers happy. Except when they destroy out country and make it a socialist country
It's a #TRUMPECONOMY! What a president!
Great - FOX - or is it Faux news and fabrication.  You DO know how to read don't you?  Because it appears you cannot
Dangit! both #puppets ' idiocy is strong! GRANDPA U BETTER SHAPE UP OR SHIP OUT! UR LYING OLD TRICKS AIN'T FUNCTION ANYMORE #impeachment
#MAGA
Thank you, President Obama.
Still Obama's economy

What an impact from Pres Donald Trump's leadership.
Respect the President,  no one can fix things for many over night,  or even 8 years.  Give people a chance.
This failing president hasn't passed any legislation but wants to go back to Election Day now to take credit for another presidents work
Trump,is a liar and con artist
Well done Mr. President
Pat yourself on the back #donthecon Play golf and continue lying These #vets tell story in #MariaPR Call #fakenews
Thanks Obama!
Original thoughts. Get them
Not bringing feels into this, just facts
