veterans need help,R ppl need jobs,R homeless need homes. If our country has to borrow to pay bills then we should B cutting costs like DACA
KICK THESE PEOPLE OUT THE AND THEIR KIDS THAT HAVE NO RESPECT. COULD I GO TO THEIR COUNTY & GIVE THEIR PRESIDENT THE FINGER!
Yes you could.....
And Obama needs to shut his pie hole about it!!!! He's not POTUS anymore! Thank goodness!!!!!
Awwww... you need your safe space sweetie???  Settle down now... that's a girl...
Right!!!
I feel you are ending DACA to create controversy and turn attention away from something really evil you are doing.
Or maybe he's ending it so this country wouldn't be forced to put up with people who came to this country illegally.
These people were kids and babies when they came to the USA. Only unborn babies matter to Trump supporters!
Well now they're not, now they gotta go back and wait in line like everybody else.
Back to a country they don't even know?? Couldn't be any more heartless if you tried, could you?
Hey they shouldn't have broken the law. Who's heartless?
How can a baby break the law?? Who's heartless? Trump and his supporters (including you)!!
By the way calling Trump supporters something like heartless or similar to that? That's partially why Trump won the election.
Texaslovestrump
Do yours !
I want nothing more than for you to start filling out resignation forms. Please
Why didn't you just leave DACA alone? Why did you rescind it? Everyone thought it was a great Executive Order... except the racists!

You need to kick Stephen Miller out of the White House immediately, he's as evil as they come.
During this DACA announcement, our daughter who is same age as DACA people, she is 30, millenial group, she notice something during these
rally or protest of DACA people, they are rude, disrespectful, hostile, angry, and said, they are not here because they love America, but
Yes yes and yes amen amen and amen our POTUS Trump is doing his job and everybody else's can't you all get anything really done?
DACA illegal overeach by Kenyan Snowflake..All illegal allians must be DEPORTED NOW..Paul Ryan is a TRAITOR so is McCain& McConnel
END DACA more jobs for Americans and LEGAL immigrants!
damn bro what's ur deal
@HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats You've had almost 8 months to get ready.  #DoYourJob already!  #EndPOTUSDysfunction #ImpeachTrumpNOW
I think  what I would do , is I would change the process of the system, I would allow Immigrants to Apply for Permits but I would put a cost on coming into the United States to work as well as the cost of the permit. I would not stop DACA, But only to change the way of coming .
You do your job, thus far all you've done is reverse Obama. You have not done one respectable presidential action on your own. Your brain is empty.
For crying out loud he pardoned a neo Nazis! Hello!!!!
NO amnesty #NOAmesty NO amnesty #NOAmesty NO amnesty #NOAmesty NO amnesty #NOAmesty NO amnesty #NOAmesty NO amnesty #NOAmesty @POTUS
How is history's biggest hurricane going on, and all you care about is DACA
While there is a big concern with DACA (((and you not repealing it, forcefully deporting innocent children))). You could lend a helping hand
Hey POTUS, that Mexico earthquake was/is terrible, huh?
Mr Prezident , total support, please have congress do thir job.And stay strong DACA is not legal. Stand true. !
#DrainTheSwamp Ryan needs to GO
: YOU GO PRESIDENT TRUMP, and this is how I feel, "CONGRESS GET OFF THEIR LEAD ASSES AND DO THEIR JOB"!!
Your president should too. Tell him to stop shouting words to North Korea and go over there and fight him. 
Chinga tu pelo
What the fuck are you doing Trump? I didn't vote for this shit!
SHAME ON YOU
Porca miseria! Left your dirty work to your Keebler Elf n passed the buck to congress. Defend DACA!
Your base wants all illegals out of our country !!!!!!!!!!
It is snowflakes like you that make me ill!! I would love for you to go to a country that supports you and get out of mine!!
@liipii09
Cállate envergado
Oh Donald, it's already law
Speak English. We live here we vote here we pay taxes they don't. They come here to take from us and we are tired of paying for them too bad
Yes let them stay and try to make their country better!
The good Lord Almighty will richly bless you make you fruitful and increase your numbers. In Jesus Christ's name.
Trumptards unite

Self deport to Siberia!
I say this with all the respect you're due:
Shut the f**k up.
Trump!!
If they want to do their job they will let Dreamers stay.
Screw congress They have had 7 years & accomplished nothing Write a bill with White House attorneys & submit it to congress Embarrass them
Donny, get ready to do your job-- SUCKING!
YOU PEOPLE DON'T EVEN THINK ON YOUR OWN. IT'S THE SAME THING OVER AND OVER! RACIST THIS BIGOTED THAT! SORROS! SEND NEW MATERIAL!
Let's get tax cuts first
about time!!
get rid of DACA, America first !!1
yea so these kids can stay maybe they ain't as hateful as you are... an stop call them illegals ain't your wife one
Imagine all the welfare money and illegal labor wages being sent back to Mexico -- of course, Mexico doesn't want the wall.
All people are not created equal when it comes to you . You are far inferior!
If DACA have assimilated & love us so, why do they wave Mex Flag & speak spanish as prim language? Probm, they aren't assimilatg, just takng
And finally the American people are going to be first. I am tired of them getting food stamps Free Rent free everything plus free Colkege
Elaine I agree with you!
NO DACA
We can all just get together and fight him
.  President Donald, I just love you!! So glad you are at the helm. Praying praying praying!!!
Yea especially RINO @SpeakerRyan with #NationalCarry #HR38 #NRA "not the right time" meanwhile lives destroyed in #NewJermany @RepRichHudson
you were quoted in a story by @USATODAY
Donald you need to deploy more bot to like and share your tweets. Obama is winning twitter....
Mueller get ready to do your job
At the rate their going President Trump will serve two terms! #MAGA
We already have walls on the book just enforce them and end DACA Trump
Stop pussyfooting and get rid of DACA already!!
I love how this move to repeal DACA is mostly just leverage for Trump to push his drastic agenda through the Senate
Fucktrump
Trump get ready to do your job! Presidency! We are still waiting for progress
I have never wished there was a dislike button on twitter more than I do with you Mr. president
END Amnesty its a big joke and conceals criminals, frauds and illegals.
MUAHAHAHAHAHA
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Your followers who support this n claim 2 be Christian show how unchristlike they r. They use Christ as a puppet for their own personal gain
.
i cannot believe a man like you is our president. i'm very disappointed in america
May the grace of the Lord and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit and the love of Christ be with you now and forever.
Again my total support. Citizenship must come through legal pathway.It is a privelage to live in the USA. Hold fast Sir!!
Kill yourself. Do it. Seriously.
Climate change isn't real the Hurricanes are just getting bigger right
Dismissal of DACA is not a good ideology
Trump wants #DACA and so do I.

Not through Executive Order which is unconstitutional, but through Congress (who can make DACA permanent).
I wish YOU knew how to do your job.
It feels bitter the position of President Trump on DACA,the Attorney General!They're the best in authority..& are supposed to protect them.
Daca is the right approach. There won't be a trade for a DACA like law against the wall...
We need to RESCUE MEXICO!

Hey Trump, do your job & fire Jeff Sessions. Put Hillary in jail, throw away the dreamers, build a wall & abolish CIA.
If I haven't told you today, YOU'RE THE MAN!!!
Just leave already #defenddaca
@maruflee president trump what's wrong with you, about DACA , when you're supposed to face north Korea, that's the issue
DACA children get to commit 3 crimes before getting kicked out of the program. Send them home with the parents, please. NO CRIMINALS!
Doubtful!!!!!!
Get them Don ,wake up Congress. Do you We really need them and their corruption. Let's go with a constitutional convention and give all to U
Lmao
AMEN
Yes, hey Congress, do something! Not an investigation - actually improve something!
Grandparents you family came to this country illegally! Hello! They were not born here!!!!!
Why not just follow the laws already on the books!
I agree! Come here LEGALLY and all are welcome. Come here ILLEGALLY and face jail time. Coming to America is a privilege, NOT an entitlement
NO amnesty no no no no no
Yeah, congress, do your job, I had sessions announce and now you have to fix what I am afraid to.  Get a pair, dude.
And yet Obama deported more people out of this Country then any other sitting President. How come no one went to court and stopped him?
Can you please bring back DACA  I'm begging
Be nice if you set an example & did your job -- I love how you think we all need to hear your banter each day...you do like to hear yourself
Dear Mr. President, keep your promise to your support base. Deport these people now as you promised .
Christ will do exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think according to the  power that is at work within you.
You are 100% pathetic... Having NO CLUE what you're doing. Negotiating is something that you have zero clue how to do.
When are you going to do yours??
No amnesty
@realDonaldTrump ,  get ready to do your job -PRESIDENCY!
Too bad you didn't do yours... Shifting your blame to others.

DON'T allow Congress to put illegals ahead of Americans! NO amnesty! Don't REWARD illegal behavior! Many Americans are suffering & need help
#DACCA-Trump_ANTICHRIST
Yes. Congress legalize this so these hard working kids can be legal!

Yeah and reflect your leadership and go golfong
They will do it.
babulkaji0@gmail.com
Excuse me Mr. President but before Congress touches DACA, they better pass ObamaCare repeal AND Tax Reform! Thats their job, US Citizens 1st
Fuck you! You racist piece of shit.  Do America and the world a favor, resign.
Trump's never done an honest favor for anyone in his life. He's not going to start now.
Quit calling human beings "illegal aliens".  They're people.
I guess they should not have broken our laws!  Oh that's right I forget they were just babies!!  Do the math t doesn't work!!  ILLEGALS!
I NEEDA DO IT YOURSELF...
Squirm, wriggle, deny, hide, even believe you're a deity. The process will rope you in and lock you up.
Thank you Mr. President finally a real leader dumped this unconstitutional dream act
And many other things too ie: Tax reform, funding the government, build the wall, and healthcare plus a lot more!
We Melania's parents being deported ????
EVERYONE  IN  AMERICA CAME  FROM  IMMIGRANTS  AT  ONE  POINT  #DefendDACA
Mr.Trump please resign from yours while there is still time
End it
AHH YESS. WE MUST HAVE THE GENOCIDE PICS. IT JUST WOULDN'T BE A LEFTIST PARTY WITHOUT 'EM!
You should been better informed and not even made this another one of your disasters. #youduckatbehumane #packyourbags


Federal judge: Trump administration must accept new #DACA applications. Sucker #Trump and your #MAGA Maggots. #MorningJoe @morningmika @EdKrassen @Amy_Siskind  https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/immigration/2018/04/24/cfb41578-4816-11e8-8b5a-3b1697adcc2a_story.html?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.16245bf96f3d …

Jews that faced religious persecution  Yazidis, Christians Refugees facing religious persecution should have priority over Muslim Migrants
When do you start doing yours?
Congress - please try not to fuck up like the president has.

They better do it poorly
#DEPORT stop thinking for one second that AMNESTY does anything but encourage illegals & kill American DREAMERS! GOP are WIMPS on WALL!
Go Donald Trump
Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP
X
I'm sure they will do their job when they see you doing yours- Oh NEVER - that means NEVER- shit.
#RaiseAct
#POTUS Trump backs an immigration bill that will be good for everyone.
https://youtu.be/_OlgVEGNMg8 
Pinche enfermó de mierda
Get rid of DACA, don't kick it down the road
Praise the LORD!!!!!!! It's about fucking time!!!
:NO Future Dreamers, do it right.
Please end DACA, jail Hillary and Obama and continue to clean the SWAMP!!!!! Thank you Mr. President!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm proud of you!!!!!!!!!!!!

This is not your pathetic TV show. Congress does NOT work for you. They serve the people. BTW thats's also your job. You suck at it.
