Clearly your education has failed you.
Cult-Right you are. Apparently the teachings of Christ missed your part of the Bible-Belt.
Why can't trumpettes spell?  Tango??? 
Tango as in Japanese dagger ..,
Republicans had a chance....they have no balls.  #MAGA
How can anyone in their right mind expect the GOP or anyone to vote on a bill that affects 1/6th of our economy that they have NEVER seen?
They r not voting on bill.  Just voting to open debate.
Well said, just voting on if they will discuss it, in a nutshell. Why do Liberals (who High-jacked the Dem Party) not listen?
Because we're too smart to be led by the noses. We actually use our brains.
 of the things the Democrats have lost, including the election and thousands of seats. Your mind is probably what you miss the most.
I noticed you didn't respond to the question of voting to move forward on something the Senate hasn't read. You really think that's prudent?
There needs to be a debate.  Even if nothing comes to fruition.
Make the Republican Party great again back to their core values!
Nope! They F'ed it up! #GopSucks
-Mr. President, actually .@SenateGOP has a last BEST chance 2 END #Obamacare #GrahamCassidy #BlockGrants 2 STATES @HouseGOP
Stop tweeting and go to work
3 Years, 5 Months, 27 Days, 3 Hours, 41 Minutes, and 52 Seconds
Just let it go !
If they don't do something, we the people will get you the help you need Mr.  President, come 2018!
This vote will expose the R's who said they supported repeal and really don't. Can you say, term limits?
And your responsibility is to help, not hinder or sabotage!
For the love of God, man. You golf. You watch TV. You whine on Twitter. 
Do you EVER do any work? 
Wow! threaten the people who can put him the orange jumpsuit,but that how Trump dose business.
If only they'd have the balls to repeal and replace you! #resign #notmypresident
Were you golfing this weekend?
You are the sleazy one in DC
If true
Americans have a great chance to do the right thing and use chemotherapy on the White House. Get ready for the blast.
They need to do something!! The medical community in the USA says PLEASE get rid of Obamacare!!
get r done
Will Keita go to Liverpool ?
You know that YOU are a Republican, right? This is all YOU!  Own it you big giant man baby!  And stop sabotaging Obamacare!
Repeal and replace is dead. 
Hopefully Trumpcare is dead rather than thousands of hardworking Americans stripped of their healthcare.
How do you connect the dots to conclude that depriving millions of insurance is the right thing?
The GOP never had a plan, you never had a plan!  Kind of late for that!  Fix the ACA!
Nope. You lose. #resign
And what happens if they don't? Are you going to fire all of them? Appoint yourself head of congress?
why a "last chance"? are you going somewhere?
Do you honestly think your incessant tweeting is going to make them support you?
Repubs have both the senate & congress u don't need that weak asses right?
Or they could work with democrats #fakepresident.
Why you're anxiety provoked this morning all your tweets are all over the place today
Not easy but can be done.
You think all these tweets show leadership? They don't. You're in over your head. You're hated, the US has lost its standing b/c of you.
#followThe$$$$$
You've lost it Old Man!
Are you going to work today? Or just tweet? #askingforacountry
The Right Thing?

Killing tens of thousands of Americans for the sole purpose of getting political points 'the right thing'
Four Words for you... "Tip of the Iceberg!"
MEGA BOOM!!
You haven't seen nothing yet.  You are worrying about healthcare right now, but give it 2-4 weeks and you will be worrying about pardons
MEGA BOOM
I voted for you! bc i believed u will help the middle class...guess I was wrong. Shame on me.
I'm shocked that anyone who remembers Trump from the 90s thinks he could ever be good for a damn thing.
Ooooo we, Daddy's mad at us!
Trumpcare is a disaster and America knows it.  Your plan is the pits, Lyin Donnie.  Full of campaign lies of not touching Medicaid, etc.
Yeah but what your participation in it? You are just shouting and yelling just for the sake of your ratings and approval.
He needs to repent to be forgiven or dident you learn that
Obama was highly involved in drafting his plan. You are unable to do so, because you have no fucking clue!
We have elected a Man- baby God help us! I just want to thank his base for electing him!
Americans take note next time they are up for reelection FIRE all who refuse to get this done
What a joke.
What happened to YOUR great plan?  Did you forget?  Alzheimer's getting to you?  Resign, Buffoon!
Repeal and replace is an abomination and Republicans who want to keep their job, know it. Besides they are busy worrying about #TrumpRussia
This is all about they did not want the President in the first place did not want to back him up
The swamp has not been drain yet,on both parties,we need to stand behind president  Trump,and drain both swamps. We the people have had it whit both parties. Drain the Swamp  vote them out.
Not gonna happen, move on potus to something that is achievable in your lifetime...
Las diferencias no son tantas, en Cuba hubo guerrillas anticastristas una decada, hubo control TOTAL de los medios...
STRAIGHT REPEAL
Block grants to States for Medicaid,opioid addiction, existing Conditions.
Free Market!
No Ins Co Bail OUT!

@realDonaldTrump Obama's tweet most popular EVER.  #lessismore #WorstPresidentEver
That was a dangerous plan.

Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on...
Many republicans went as far to say that for their reelection, yet not many have, look it is simple, repeal and replace or replace yourself.

How many last chances again ?
The right thing is to let it stand. It is better than any plan proposed. Only the rich don't like it and they are.....rich...fuck'em
#WorstPresidentEver #Impeach45 #TrumpRussiaCrimeFamily #TheResistance
#TrumpIsFakeNews
Donald...the "right thing" would be unhobble ACA, thus improving it, Mr Who-knew-health-care-was-so-complex.
They are on their last chance and getting on my last nerve. The #DemPublicant party just isn't working for Americans anymore only themselves
Sounds a little like a threat...
Yes, they need to shred it. It's "mean."
Here are some of the results of what you call the right thing. @ABCPolitics @CBSPolitics @NBCPolitics @CNNPolitics @AP_Politics @morningmika
You are the decider
Repeal? Yes. Stuffed with pork? No.
You have a c hive resign or get impeached improve health care leave the aca alone
@SENATEGOP  WE WOULD BE HAPPY WITH JUST REPEAL AND REPLACE IN MULTIPLE THOUGHT OUT BILLS.
You have no clue what a health bill consists of, all you want is the 600 billion tax break for you and your friends!!!
They won't lift a finger
Do all your pictures get Photoshopped so you look less orange? Asking for a friend. Stay classy, D-Money
Mr President, you even said this bill was mean.Why aren't you keeping your promises to the American people?You flip flop like a dying fish
You wouldn't know what the "right thing" is in your LIFE! You only do "win/lose".  Americans want a win/win solution to this debacle!
If only there was a rational, well thought out plan. What have R's been doing for the last 8 years other than whining?
I urge all SENATORS to approve this bill that will help ALL citizens with healthcare.Ocare is done.Sit do work and approve bill before Oct
Still refuse to do anything but blame others?
Sir,the swamp is deeper than we thought,or is it?Smaller government, fiscal responsibility!Conservative values aren't complicated. #MAGA
If they don't pass that bill they don't deserve to be in office. In 2018 we will take them out of office.
The problem is that most people they were campaigning to didn't realize that Obamacare and the ACA are the same thing.
Omg stop this shit parade of a presidency and do the right thing
you talked about it for at least ....???? hm? at every rally!
Just Repeal !!!! How hard is that ??
I want the medical insurance you have
Your pretty desperate for a win, any win at the cost of people loosing their health insurance shows who DJT REALLY Is. @cnn@nytimes@huffpost
Hey nimrod, it's only voting on defunding. .. repeal and replace isn't even on the table 
You'd think POTUS would know this right?
Read it and weep big baby
17 years..... lol 
Good thing they have the master deal-maker on their side. You might be the #WorstNegotiatorEver
You're the worst
Donald Trump with respect to you it would be better if you fix a broken Obama healthcare it will show your a better man.
Prosecute Hillary Clinton she's behind your problems
Your mom has a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it.
The republicrats will be done for if they go back on their word now. As i said before, most of you are worthless save a fair few. Growaspine
Sending out lots of prayers that again this gets shot down again!!
Just DO it!!!!
Not gonna happen!!!  You've already LOST!
I am for you lay up on sessions

House Democrats stun GOP by sinking veterans, intel bills http://politi.co/2vDaCKj 
How does it feel to have failed again, Drumpf? You're literally the worst "President" we've had in a very, very long time.
Another #Threat by the #POTUS?  #sad state #BananaRepublic #Dictator behavior #Loser is embarrassing #USA worldwide #ImpeachTrump
The Voter will make clear what they want as they did in16 election. The "othercrats"will be no more & a new party will have to fill the spot
Didn't need talking and campaigning for seven years, needed someone working on a half way decent healthcare plan for everyone.
Why is it so important to you to strip millions of their health care. Are you a monster?
They have a last chance to do the right thing, but you're pushing them to to the wrong thing!
Delusional Donnie fake illegitimate prez rants about murdering thousands American citizens!

Stealing life giving care from millions!

SCUM!
GOP must decide!
Stand for Americans you work for, or rank amateur failing prez, stand for American values & freedom, or mobbed up RU asset?
Your thing and the right thing are two different things.
There are few Republicans that will have to be drained also. We know who they are, they are on TV a lot.They are acting like the other party
T Reps must Pass Healthcare w NO K St Pork Padding. All Bills must B Free Market based only! NO Corporate aid. Interstate w Tort Reform.
U have no idea what you're talking bout, do u? Whether it's health-care, domestic or foreign policy, our Constitution, u haven't a clue. Sad
Control the RNC $45M, we need to replace several incumbents.
With you 100% Mr. President! Thank you for stopping some of the liberal nonsense. Ignore the sore losers. (Emphasis on "losers").
Stop the bullying! We the people voted for the elected officials not you!!!
God
Have you not figured it out they all CAMPAIGN with BS PROMISES Nothing has changed for the better in yrs n yrs n yrs. DO YOUR JOBS PERIOD
Exactly, to vote no on a loser draft a monkey could write up better.
Ya can't even get your place up and running with a full house and senate, Donnie Boy.  Maybe it's time to put yourself out with the trash.
Let it fail
They're the ones who must deal w their constitutes
Repeal and Replace is in a death spiral.
Last chance, and then Trump will throw another tantrum and maybe just go away

This is not the right thing. Last chance for you to stop worrying about a win and start caring about American citizens.
I'm happy to say that they are failing under your leadership. HA Ha
@senategop @ChuckGrassley trump doesn't give a shit about healthcare, he just wants a win! Republicans will be accountable take more time!
exactly, even when it will leave a large part of his constituency w/o h/c. winning at all costs may be fine in real estate but not 4 people.
Pinky swear it's the last time? I think I can find an old action figure the right size for your tiny, tiny pinky. Tired of your terrorizing.
Replace with what, you orange twit? You need a viable alternative to Obama care
As much of our tax dollars sent over seas can be used to help the America Middle Class
 they had 7 years and still don't have a passable bill! You and that trash bill, epic failure
#Resign #TrumpRussia

@realDonaldTrump We have spent $151.2 mill. so far for your GOLF. Healthcare for Trans service members would be at most $8.4 a YEAR.
Complaining about it* FTFY
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Seized Smashed Hard Drives From Wasserman Schultz IT Aide’s Home http://trib.al/uTGjvit 
They have not talked REPLACE for years only REPEAL. I dont want GOP or DEMS messing with my private healthcare.
You Bet!  Screw those poor people. They did it to themselves. You know how to really screw them so do it!
No, the right thing would be to do the hard work of reforming the policy. But that would take real effort and leadership.
REPEAL AND REPLACE DONALD TRUMP!!! WE MUST FIGHT AGAINST DONALD TRUMP AND TAKE BACK AMERICA. REPEAL AND REPLACE DONALD J. TRUMP!
Trumpcare is a nightmare! It's time do the right thing and make sure that Trumpcare does not pass!
I stand behind my Commander In Chief.  Once a Marine Always a Marine...A Veteran Marine now.  Semper FIdelis President Trump.
You ran on repeal NOT replace. Repeal first and then new bill.
Republicans would do the right thing by getting you out of the Presidency and throwing you in Jail.
Again, you have right and wrong confused. You have no sense of right and wrong.
REPEAL & REPLACE FROM CONGRESS: IT'S LIKE TRYING 2 WATCH A HEN PRODUCE AN EGG FOR 6 MONTHS!! GET ON WITH IT, HEN!!
It's not what their constituents (American people) want and they  serve at the pleasure of them. Not you. #Trump4Prison #Trumpcarenightmare
There are about 6 total Republicans in Congress. The remainder are K-Street Whores. Lobbyist say jump, they ask "how high?".
Just repeal, let each state replace.

