Dude our people are under threat of death by a damn hurricane and you just wanna talk about your diplomacy?
What would you like him to do? What else can he do to make your little heart feel better?
Please explain? What do sermons & Bible quoting have 2 do w/secular, non-religious, non-believer like Drumpf?
.....Here I gave U a head start with fifteen (15). Name the other dirty-five (45)?
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Bahrain, Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Turkey, Yemen, Oman, Egypt, Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, Qatar....
Wow! Now that's a whopper of a lie! I'd like to see you name the Fifty (50) Arab & Muslim nations?
you didn't go on about CNN and bore them to tears I hope?
Anybody with 1/2 a brain knows CNN is only a comedy channel. Dems believe every word even when Van admitted Russia was a nothing burger
does this mean then,  that anyone with a 1/4 of a brain should be able to figure out that Trump is a joke of a president?
Confront our shared enemies by donating to Ivanka's Women's Entrepanuer acct. And how many laundering accts of your own, Vladonald?
#Impeach
At least President Trump is married to a woman. Obama had this thing below:
Hey @realDonaldTrump make sure hurricane jose doesn't get into our country. I know you wouldn't like that.
This is retarded
Please resign and take Pence with you
Investigation is over
Felix Sater says hi 
It's over:
I'm very thankful for Trump Reagan would be proud!
With his affair with Russia?? Im pretty sure Donny would disgust him as he disgusts the entire planet
Are you serious?? Ha! Only in that FAR LEFT bubble ppl live in that feel that way!!
Yup just 66% of us 
Yea that is sad 66% lol will never learn and will continue to live in fairy land where nothing is real and facts don't count very sad 

Supporting barbaric Muslim nations is not good!
YES,  I SAW IT. YOU HAD A  FUN OF YOUR LIFE.
.
Just different power.
How do you change the thinking of a man who thinks he is God?

Don't you realize that our greatest shared enemy is you?  For god's sake you sold our nation out to Russia and banned immigrants.
Ed you are my greatest enemy you are really really a bad guy
Seems the verdict is in, you're a mentally ill, sick man, unfit to serve.
You'll rot in prison.
Ur my hero Mr. President
Can you name them?
Can u ?
I'm not @POTUS
Yep.  Deflect.  Don't answer.  Typical.
Typical what, exactly? Quick to judge?
That you're calling out someone for (potentially) not knowing something that you don't know, and not simply answering yes/no when asked.
I assume he is your President, too. Do you expect him to know this? I do. Fair Q. Me knowing or not is you changing the subject.
I don't.  But then again, I'm shitty with names.
Isaiah 41:10
Fear not, for I am with you; Be not dismayed, for I am your #God. I will strengthen you, Yes, I will [1/2]
#help you, I will uphold you with My righteous right hand.’ [2/2]
1 Peter 2:13-17
Therefore #submit yourselves to every #ordinance of #man for the #Lord’s #sake, whether to the #king as [1/5]
#supreme, or to #governors, as to those who are sent by him for the #punishment of #evildoers and for the #praise of those [2/5]
Try looking inside! There you will find your God.

DACA WILL OVERCOME! WE WILL ALWAYS OVERCOME.
All this freaks that are against the president is the so called fake news-------CNN
Lol, you DID NOT write or say this yourself - it's actually kind of eloquent. But, of course, stealing stuff is your style, isn't it?
A faulty ATM machine has got more bills through than you have, Donnie.
Maybe it's because our elected officials are more concerned with staying in office and don't care about us. Drain the swamp
Do you mean you told them that we need to confront yourself?
The biggest enemy of the American people is Donald J Trump


We don't have shared enemies.  We are the enemy; don't be such a fool.  There are not two Islams.
#AmericaFirst #NoAmnesty #AmericaFirst #NoAmnesty 
#AmericaFirst #NoAmnesty 
#AmericaFirst #NoAmnesty
And if you are convinced that
Saudi Arabia is the right arm
of terrorism?
DRIVE THEM OUT!
Drive them out of their own countries? Do you even think before you leave disgusting comments like this or do you like looking prejudice
You are prejudice because u r sympathizing w/ terrorists who kill innocent. Wow, disgusting! Shame on you. The power of God will prevail.
Haha! You really are something else. Classic ignorant trump supporter. Trump went to THEIR country to speak of common enemies. Educate
Keep it up Mr. President
He's not that. Don't call him that. He is an installed KGB puppet @realDonaldTrump
Except he is... A simple Google search proves you wrong
No. Google does not show Russian interference of our election. You're Low Information Voters ! #MuellerTime
We call him our president because he is our president. Grow up and get over it.
No he's an installed puppet of the KGB. You all will catch on soon. But too late for you
I have some theories about "reality" + "causation." I cannot discuss them on twitter bc of the flat earthers. I have an...
AMERICA VOTED AGAINST YOU, FAKE PRESIDENT!

WE WILL CONTINUE TO FIGHT! #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
There is only 22 Arab and Muslim countries in the world sir..
No you didn't
Islam is the enemy. Why speak to the enemy? If it's not islam your their enemy did we not learn from past mistakes?
we chatted about Trump Hotels & golf courses & women & money laundering & Russia & all about myself &  blah , blah......,

Good man Donald 
Who's that? US arms, trains and funds Pakistani state of Islamic terrorists, among other jihadis. So who's your enemy? Burkina Faso?

Really. 
So?  I'm sure you didn't understand any of it.
And little Jared tried to get a loan you grifters


More like this. Believe what you want though

but the Saudi leadership who support Wahhabi terrorism are cool because they give you gifts and buy our weapons
Thank you for saying this.  If somebody didn't, I was going to.
Obama and Hillary sold the most weapons to SA.
and it was just as wrong and hypocritical then as well
Learn about the petro-dollar.  There's your answer.
For the love of petrol is inherently demonic.
It's the difference between you living in the first world, or the third world.  Fact.
Fair enough.

Oh Yeah! Loving it
Kuwait flag, not Saudi
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab & Muslim nations about the need to conf… htt...
Example: EGYPT :  LANGUAGE?  Arabic.
RELIGION/S? Coptic (Christian),  Muslim.
Sorry but they Saudis are your enemy
You're right Katia, the Saudis are the ROOT of Muslim extremists
But gas and gasoline from Saudi Arabia
Actually, the USA now produces enough oil and gas to be self sufficient as does Canada.
Yes, we both do 
Saudi Arabia has more terrorists who killed Americans than any other country. Why don't you start there? Oh yeah, you have businesses there
Can you explain that? Or you just saying gibberish??

Really!Is that your source?Would you like me to bring4U a hundred photos on google tells American are the most terrorists in history?Come on
I'll explain it to you, oh wise one!!!  SA was not on his ban list because he has business dealings there. Get it now?  Maybe? Ert, Ert, 
He can not ban Saudi Arabia because gas and gasoline are from Saudi Arabia
Which we don't need!
liar  liar  liar
You can tell when it's written for you .  Much clearer message .  We should make the writer the president. Prob way more qualified.
Sir it is not enough to speak about terrorism, you need to identify  the term first , also Gulf crises you cant solve it before returning  2
You mean you?
Saudia Arabia was in on 911
Today you share enemies with them. Last year, they "were" the enemy.  I guess that's a bit of growth...
Was that the trip where you wandered off in the middle of a photo shoot? Or the one where you had to take a golf cart while others walked?
But you failed to mention the all too important words you touted throughout the campaign. That is, radical Islamic terrorism.
Unbelievable that you smirk to those leaders who arrest legitimate reporters that you are shared "victims" of the press. You are dangerous!
Say what you are really thinking there Donny. #InItForTheSwag #TrumpLogic
Wait, werent you putting in a Muslim ban??
Just stop.
The great POS

BY @Souria4Syrians

#Trump to the #Saudis & other #PersianGulf #Arabs. PAY OR YOU WONT EXIST 
Exactly who are your shared enemies? Americans?
Thank you, Mr. President!

Stay there. Do the country a favor and keep your orange ass there
About 30-40 countries in the world have Islam as their majority religion but you managed to meet 50 of them, great work! #FakeNews
9/11 were Saudi's, wake up.
Evil terrorist regimes like Israel's?
Donnie's going with an incompetence excuse? Gee, how appropriate.
In the words of our president sad very sad


Let's confront the enemies within first.
كفو حليفنا المحزم المليان 
So you admit Muslims generally are not our enemies??? Finally! Now F-ing act like it. Start with rescinding your unconstitutional travel ban
Saudi Arabia FINANCES these people. You sure didn't tell them to stop funding terrorist, even though they financed 9/11. #coward #loser
The hidden common enemy of both the US and the Arab nations is Europe and the European Union.
Muslims are always at war w/ the infidel...dar al-Harb (the house of war).
The "evil ideology" is Islam & Sharia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_of_Islamic_law_by_country …
Don't forget they gave @IvankaTrump 100 million 
oil you mean you spoke about oil and money
The actions and attitudes of US government create most of those 'enemies'. If we weren't dependent on oil Saudi Arabia would be our enemy
You are cheater....you are the enemy
#FridayFeeling #FridayMotivation #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA
There are 22 nations in the Arab collective.
Great work... Mr.President Trump
World peace will come when the weapons production will stopped.

The media, you mean?

burma is killing innocent people where r u standing
Why did you not bring your wife? Oh maybe she wasn't a virgin at her wedding? They would hang her
Hope to American businesses and Australia, Canada cooperative development
Great leader!
Would that be you by any chance?
The hurricanes are causing more American deaths than terrorists from abroad, except for the Saudi ones.
وحش انته وحش 
Yawn
Did u happen 2 tell them 2 allow &make refugees 2 go 2 muslim country's and stop the invasion of the West? They need 2 leave America!
Are you talking about yourself?
Because you are the enemy of the ENTIRE WORLD except nazis and racists.
...Very polite Sir huh.
Was that before or after you told them you don't want Muslims in your Country? Hypocrite!
But hey YOU have BUSINESS INTERESTS there so YOU SAY THEY'RE GOOD!!
And how many back door deals did you make 
WE ALL KNOW ABOUT YOU 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#IMPEACHTRUMP 
#THERESISTANCE
And they all laughed at you
So, they confronted you?
President Trump, you are a great man
AFRICA is a resource rich Paradise but its people hv been made eternally poor & beggars by terrorists who plunder its wealth & it goes on..
Are you referring to the biggest Terrorist Criminal Org in the world - The C_IA...?!?! thanks
15 of those terrorists involved in 9/11 were Saudis. Arabia should pay/compensate families for the loss of their loved ones.
HRGP and UCP, demand promotion of culture of peace. Do not make in public hate,speach, aiming  promote interfaith harmoney say no to racism.
Thaks president trump. aopucp.hrgp@gmail.com
A Sphincter says NOT?
You're the enemy Benedict Donald
Focus on yourself. Resign. Play golf. Before you lose it all. Quit while you are ahead.
...they heard you but were not  listening!
and the conflict and genocide has gotten worse.  Syria regime and Iran grow stronger.  Turkey in turmoil. Russia replacing America. very sad
In the eyes of most of the world, you are the enemy.
well, just go and kick ur share enemies' ass. I wonder who the hell are the "share enemies".

You Might As Well Face It You're Addicted To TRUMP Lets #MAGA Together in Song Retweet & Follow #TrumpTrain https://www.pscp.tv/w/bIChWjFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MUx5eEJFUW93Z2FKTtmGRIUj7TWNdC-rDxemSxVeRHvv08qyBbdf7Opw41Vo …
Hahahah!!! Saudi Arabia IS one of those murderous regimes....who do you think finances that violence? Please, take social studies!
Please be careful mr. Trump. America's behind you
I wonder how much they pay these people to come on here and say all this crap.
I thought your enemies WERE Muslims, Donnie.... at least that's what you are telling America. We should hate and fear Muslims.
Please save the rohinga children
@WhiteHouse wrong number again.He does not know how to count or he is a terrible lier.
Dis u ask ur buddies in S. Arabia about how they teach wahabism in Saudi which produced 9/11 hatred against America. U have  no honesty.
Hookers & Cocaine is exactly what goes down at Maralago that's why @FLOTUS is never invited. She knows she plays stupid.
VAPID . Really running out of things to say eh?
Why talk about peace when you can talk about confronting your enemies?
#Ass#ole
Send their muzlim back to help out instead of being a burden on taxpayers.
too easy
dumptrump haha you  talk or you bark?impeachment 
trump thinking about happier times...
Come on you can't differentiate between Sunnis and Shia Muslims to begin with let alone the sub sects. You couldn't pass multiple choice
And how long ago was that?
You're the enemy!
Don't forget the over 1.3 billion dollars in freebies you were able to steal.  #impeachtrump
Recycling old news?
Were you your normal racist self or did you read something someone else wrote?
Our shared enemies are white supremacists. That's who you meant, right?
I love Texas always will .Texans are Resilliant hard working Great Americans. We got your back Texas .
Thank you 
They have Mueller investigating them too?? They are traitors as well?? I'll be damned.
You have Crisis in The United States of America and you are boasting about Saudia Arabia Trip? You have no Heart or Soul and are Clueless!
Enemy is 10,000+ guys at the Pentagon & its operational terrorist arm CIA the biggest Terrorist outfit in the world & their manipulation
@MariaCorinaYA 

#Muslims are used by #Communists. Nothing farther away from truth: #Putin destroyed #Gorbachev's reforms
you say!
