Wow there you go again blaming President Obama for your mess just take responsibility I might respect you more 
We get tired of trying to explain it to YOU!  I understand the process. Bottom line, your admin did not do their job!This Isn't about Obama!
Didn't you hear!
President Obama personally introduced Trump to all his Russian conspirators! 
This entire debacle is all Obama's fault!
Everything apparently is never Trumps fault.
HYPOCRISY...NOTHING WAS obama's FAULT... IT WAS ALWAYS BUSH's FAULT...
Ease up on the CAPS Sandra.
#TrumpRussia
Yea a great America who would give anything for the people  what a great man draining the swamp

Donald, don't you realize that General Flynn has had a top-secret SBI clearance for over 20 years as an Army Military intelligence officer!
I thought he didn't trust Obama 's judgemnt anyways
You where warned after he was compromised, and you still had him in your administration. And you want investigate who told the public.
Just more smoke and mirrors!
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/shut-down-illegal-iranian-regime-election-sites-us …
Then Obama fired him. Then Flynn talked to the Russsians. Then you hired him. See how that works? Of course you don't.
Do not hire ex Obama anyone. Get rid of Obama Everyone. Seems an obvious decision to make.
Stop talking about what others may have done and pay attention to what YOU are doing.

Obama fired Flynn in 2014 *and* warned you against appointing him. Where's your "extreme vetting?"
Your statement illustrates how ignorant you are regarding how security clearances are issued.
Security clearances are issued by the Pentagon, you ignoramus.
I see you are still lying. You didn't engage Flynn until AFTER Obama fired him. Then YOU didn't check his security.
FBI cleared him
FBI cleared who, and when?
Obama fired him. It was ur job 2 run him thru security again. Don't blame anyone but urself 4 this!
Great job with your shop called "Extreme Vetting" excuse me while I laugh hysterically. #russiagate #Russia #IMPEACH #RESIST
Obama FIRED Flynn. Trump totally ignorant man. In all his schooling he never learned anything.
He was fired.
Flynn was fired by Obama, and he warned you NOT to  hire him - you THOUGHT you knew better - but you NEVER do! #notsmart #dumbDonald #ripgop
but why did you hire him then??
Another lie from you!!! U live in a fantasy world! #bully #ObsessedWithWhatHeSaid #fakepresident #impeachthisfool #hehashisfingeronthebutton
Clinton foundation
Also look at all your bot likes.  #MoreLies
Leavenworth or bust. 

Dasvidaniya, #MikeFlynn. #Trumprussia #Treason #Russia #Flynn #Flynnghazi #Trump
Molto grazie for the RT, Barbara. Oy? Trump Mistakenly Designates Rome a Sanctuary City, Cancels Speech at Colosseum http://tiny.cc/rrpqey 
Like I said b4. Quit deflecting. Obama fired him & told U 2 beware of him. When u rehired him he shld have been cleared by u! Ur fault!
Someone needs 2 make u a badge & call u the "DEFLECTOR"!
FLYNN was FIRED by Obama, who also warned you, but you THINK that you are smarter and better than anyone.  #FAIL
加油！
Bill Moyer should be fired for his classless, disgusting sexual perverted comments about Ivanka Trump. He represents HBO values? Boycott HBO
Bullshit. #potus told you NOT to hire him. #blotus #TrumpRussia #alternativefact #putinspuppet #ImpeachTrump
so glad u fired Comey! We salute u! Keep it up! U need to fire all Obama ppl! MAGA
I know this is a big embarrassment to you. No way out of it. Thought you were smarter than obama & Sally   You reap what you sow
.@realDonaldTrump After he was FIRED by Obama he lost his clearance. You wanted that turd & too stupid to vet again - or knew & didn't care
It is a spiritual battle - good vs. evil, lie vs. truth. and so important: end of US Sovereignty vs. thriving as the country you and I love.
FISA in the morning, FISA in the evening, FISA in the summertime. 
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot #SallyYatesIsAPatriot 

TRUMP TO PRISON 2017!
You're a sick man and you need help.  I hope for the sake of the world you get it.  UR a pathological liar who never takes responsibility.
, President Obama FIRED Flynn and warned you not to hire him, and Sally Yates told you he was compromised -- but the #FakePresident doesn't talk about that. #Impeach #TrumpRussia
President Obama fired Michael Flynn on 8/7/14 for insubordination. Obama also warned Trump not to hire him in their oval office meeting two days after the election #FlashbackFriday #Flynn
Liar liar pants on fire!
The fake news made a fake president. You're not legit, Cheeto, and you know it. That's why you have to return to "voter fraud" once again.
at 12:01 pm on January 20th 2017, that was all on U.... OBAMA GONE. but nice try
According to Obama ppl,it wasnt the HIGHEST, apparently their is another higher level,no one knows about.See how deflection works with DEMS?
Sir, give up! We're listening but Dems hearing aids R off! 
I don't know the  details but I feel kind of bad for Gen Flint for some reason another I think he's a brilliant man it's a shame _ talent
Yeah, but he was fired.  Did that make you feel you needed to figure out why?? Idiots in the White House.
Why do you never talk about the fact that OBAMA FIRED HIM. #idiots #fakepresident #fraud #draftdodger #putinspuppet #Nixonian #Impeach45
November 17, 2016: Trump names Mike Flynn national security adviser. Fake news named Mike Flynn national security adviser not Trump
Watch other than FAUXSNOOZE & learn something.  Flynn's clearance was revoked when fired, as is customary. YOU never vetted him #Incompetent
He was fired by the Obama admin.  Did it not cross your mind to do another check, u and team are idiots!
Keep it up democrat clowns  You will lose more places in congress!
#impeachTrumpnow 
#BillaryForPrison
Always blame someone else.  Maybe you should do your own heavy lifting for a change.  Tick tick, #LOCKHIMUP #TrumpRussia
His clearance was given by the Republican Congress against the recommendation of the Obama Administration.
Quit living in the past, you kept him around even after Gates told you he couldn't be trusted, that's YOUR fault
Be a man you crying baby, you're 'president' now. Act like it!
That's a lie. Everybody knows. You knew for 18 days that Flynn was a traitor. You did nothing until the Washington Post broke it. #Liar
As soon as BO found Flynn was a spy he fired. But u knew he was scum & hired him 4 that very reason, he fit in so nicely btw u & Putin.
should have listened to PRESIDENT Obama!  He tried to tell you, but your buddy, Putin and you decided to try and keep him.
You are the only person responsible for the people in your administration. You hired him, the buck stops with you.
Fake President...we're not stupid.  You're corruption will be you down fall.  Hopefully Sooner than later. Sickening use of Oval Office
Sorry but Obama fired him hello and no president takes back security. Your administration knew he was fired but blew it off so blame obama
The only thing fake is YOU. Inside and out - fake!
The buck stops at your desk Mr. @POTUS. You failed to fully Vet Flynn. You have been a liar and cheat your entire life. Classic Narcissist
Pres. O fired him over 2 yrs ago and warned you about him. As usual, you make up lies trying to distract. Do us all favor and resign!
8
You are such a liar trump.
Just in.
STOP THAT Donald Trump. This fake news bs NEEDS TO STOP!!! It is up to the American People to decide what they choose to believe!  Not you!!
Liar! Liar, Pants on fire!  Come on Donny that's "Fake news"
They only like #fakenews
Flynn was YOUR NSA!
Obama warned you.
YOU unconcerned Flynn compromised.
Entire administration is tied to Russia.
@BarackObama told you not to hire him.  You don't have the sense to be POTUS.
Liar! Not factually correct and you know it. When are you going to start take responsibility for your own incompetence? #TrumpResign
What does that have to do with your administration?
According to you, any news that you don't like is "Fake News". By that definition, I would consider you a "Fake President ".
Iwkybcyaeaaetdtd tiwgmtsttgcetrod usnasc ydsbabfawltw
Obama FIRED Flynn warned Trump not to hire him 45 hired him anyway. Yates told 45 Flynn had Russian ties 45 FIRED YATES KEPT FLYNN. Dirty
Grow up. Stop blaming President Obama for your failures. You're really disgusting when you act like this. Take responsibility for yourself.
I think anyone Obama said was ok. Clean house they are his puppet anti USA moles. #CleanHouseofObamaGarbage  @SenateDems CH
anything else you want to distract us from you #fakepresident?
Why is it "fake" when it's bad news abt him and his administration. However, when something ok goes on at WH, it's not fake anymore. HMMM!
Sorry you lost your holster, donald. Good thing you still have your favorite daughter close by.
#TrumpLIES Like extreme vetting the Obama Administration did on Muslim immigrants (proven by history)?  You wouldn't accept THAT why this?
Then Flynn was fired, then you were warned - but the Fake President seldom likes talking about that.
No he wasn't. Plus, he was fired, and You we're warned about him more than once! You still chose to keep this ass hat. Is he a holster too?
Stop crying about fake news.... you sound ridiculous.... so childish...
F,,,ING crook..  God will get you
And fired, but the #FakeTrump doesn't like talking about that!
Obama fired Flynn-but the fake president doesn't like talking about that.
You were warned, you persisted, you're going down. Traitor!
So
Tired
Of
You
Blaming
Obama
You
Are
The
President
Face facts **45
*haven't got a clue about vetting
*hired him
*caught with pants down
*tried to cover it up
*blowing up now
#TrumpRussia
Again...YOU hired him! You cannot blame Obama for this one...it's all you and your boys!
LMAO
And then they fired him and took it away.  You tried to give it back, knowing he was compromised. You knowingly did that.
Sir, Obama FIRED him and WARNED YOU about Flynn. Please, for the love of all that is holy, STOP FUCKING LYING.
He also told you he was under investigation.
Someone should give The Donald a Civics,Government,History and Basic Law101 lessons. #dumbasarock
And you have been warned NOT to hire him by @POTUS44 Mr.@realDonaldTrump. You are losing integrity sir.
Drain the MSM swamp too!
Obama fired him, then you hired him. You own this!!! Take responsibility. #TrumpRussia
@IvankaTrump was allowed all over the @WhiteHouse with NO security clearance for months. @FLOTUS uses her position to sell clothes. #wrong
Clinton used her security clearance to kill Americans and bill used the white house for a brothel
That's quite an exaggeration. Anyway, neither Clinton colluded w/the Russians, violated national security, or profited from their positions
uh yeah they did, and do because he was FIRED by Pres Obama and then both he and acting AG Sally Yates told you Flynn was a security risk and not to hire him. And you did anyway. Try as you might only you are to blame!  #magaIMPEACH
It cost the usa taxpayers 5mil to be told by Mueller what trump.told them when he fired flynn. He lied. Hillary lies deletes 33,000 emails lies about classified emails smashes 5 iphones she used no problem here flynn lies about a chat charged. 1 standard for clinton not others
That's because it isn't and wasn't true.
Then he was fired. That's what happens when people don't do their jobs properly. You should be fired. You can't get anything done without deception. #ImpeachTrumpNow #LockHimUp
Fired by Obama but yet you never famously vetted his clearance. You opened the gate and welcomed Flynn with open arms. Man you're dense.
The he was fired by the Obama administration
Welp, #FlynnFlipped ... Flynn in Fed Court today - he's cooperating with #TrumpRussia investigation bc "it's the best thing for America". He lied to FBI multiple times about Trump & Russia, plead guilty.
Trump's former national security frontman Michael Flynn has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about contact with the Russian ambassador. 

Trump's former national security frontman Michael Flynn has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about contact with the Russian ambassador. 
And President Obama fired his ass, and warned you not to hire him!
Ahhh, the "They fucked up, so it is ok that I fucked up even more" defense! Love it !!! #Shameful
Your memory is spotty! Obama fired him and warned your administration not to rehire him. But you knew better!  So good luck with that!
Soooooo....seems you still try to make it all Obama's fault. You're pathetic.
So glad you have faith and trust in President Obama.
Remember when you lamented his firing, suggesting that you could hire him back? Robert Mueller remembers. Happy holidays #PresidentBonespurs
Fired by Obama....  Obama asked you not to hire him....  You did anyway,,,,  Don’t blame the truthful news and Obama...  Blame yourself for once....
What a difference six months make, hey? Feel those walls beginning to close in, are you?
@cnn And when you were warned, you said he's a good guy. You are screwed! who is next?
Bwah haha

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/08/us/politics/obama-flynn-trump.html …

And THEN:

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/01/us/politics/michael-flynn-guilty-russia-investigation.html …

Know why melania's always on top?

BECAUSE YOU CAN ONLY FUCK UP.
You will be held accountable for the destruction you are rendering to this country through your lies and treason.  SHAME ON YOU.
how is usa?
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talk...
And speaking of security clearances you fucking fraud Russia lovin woman hating racist, why does your family have one? Because of YOU? BS!
It’s your job to clear him when you hired him. BTW, What’s up with EO 13223?
Follow the #yogurt #DeepYogurt @RealAlexJones
Look DUMPSTER OBAMA fired him. You hired him. You were warned.
Yet you STILL gave him a job??
God bless you Donald Trump
You should go work for the fake news! You are fake! You could probably run it!
All you do is blame everyone but you. Loser!!
In a sudden turn of events, @realDonaldTrump claims he trusted the people in the Obama administration.
And you're in the White House. We all make mistakes.
He was also fired by Obama, at the recommendation of the military for his questionable handling of classified materials.
your so funny your calling news fake huh need to look in mirror
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Better get on Bannon about this...
Don't think you know highest security clearance. Flynn didn't have it when he joined your team. NSA is higher than he had & Obama fired him
He also fired him!
If the fake news doesn't talk 24/7 bad about Mr.Trump and his Family the Media/fake media/will bankrupt. CNN and MSNBC are disgrace
2/ the air ways. U thought u could make it go away but u couldn't so u fired him. Thedamage was already done2 weeks worth.What a clown u are
1/Tell the story the way it really is. U took Flynn to Classified meetings knowing he was a foreign agent. U can't deny this it is all over
Another lie by u. Get your facts straight. Flynn told u to get him out of this or he is going to tell all. U know it & I know it.
They fired him and yet you hired him - AGAIN?!
Still talking about Obama?
can a Federal judge overrule the President. Supreme Court Judges need to decide to stop immigration from undesirables or no
Why all that hate for Obama?
Because he was forced to retire maybe?
NOT TRUE. He wasn't in the same position with Obama - and did not have the same clearance level. Get your facts straight!!!
Fake news needs to get a life
because he ditched him and didn't think you'd keep?
TIRED of the beat the dead horse Russians B's throw it and try to make it stick libtards who care
He was FIRED by Obama and you were WARNED by the Obama administration. Everyone has ties to Russia in your administration
He was also decorated by Obama please ask @thejusticedept #Probe his assignments with #Erdogan in #Turkey
Another lie
And when you found out he lied to you guys, you fired him. What were you supposed to do, crucify him???
Because it's a lie.
