
Thank God for Donald Trump
How about we start with the boot-licking fox network?
Naming names of the despicable - Sean Hannity being number 1 on that list.....
I watched you on The daily show with Trevor Noah! Lmao you're a joke
That's every night on your GREAT show that's why we the people  LOVE YOU!

Wow you really shook America to it's core...oh wait no you just stirred up the same old paranoid folks you always do.
Your minions will listen. The rest of us will remain in the real world.
Ignorance is bliss I guess
Reality is even better.
can you mention how much the Cheeto has spent golfing?  Trump Golf Count: 64*                 Cost to Taxpayer: At least $71,723,684
Wasn’t one attack in Las Vegas enough for the week? #toosoon?
Keep positive. Your mom told you often. 2 wrongs never make a right. Point out the list of great things about USA @ POTUS
I am watching you right now. I am so sorry for 
This Man watching his wife die. Thank You Sean
Hannity for being an upstanding Honest Host
Hahahahaha #trumpflake
Go Hannity!
oh and then will you climb right up Trump's butt and sit there having a party with Ryan and Robertson?
Fox News is the fake news.
Nancy Pelosi
Hannity is a total fukwit
Traitor
Don't forget your name
Well, Democrats tend to have "Enemies List." A lesson learned from Richard Nixon.
Nice try, chump. America knows that you're a lying opportunist.
Don't take this the WRONG WAY  or @seanhannity but I love ya man - you ain't scared in the LEAST to give #FakeNewsNBC or #FakenewsCNN hell
Talking about despicable. Let's start with anything fox f d up News and Sean d with ears hannity. They destroy American democracy.
YOU being at the top of the most despicable list, right?
Oh oh, let me!!! Most despicable. SEAN FUCKING HANNITY! Second most, everyone else on Fox.
@realDonaldTrump hahahahaha! Oh that is funny. Despicable.
Hannity, give us a break. You lie just like trump. And that, sir, is saying something
Real journalists have facts. They have facts, you dont
May GOD continue to protect and bless.............
Sean Hannity who not only stands for the truth but continues to expose the fake news!
Despicable? That describes our present administration perfectly. #notmypresident

Putin overseeing a contract being signed between Rex Tillerson & Russian state owned oil company #TrumpRussia #AMJoy 

Something tells me that someone who owns a hotel in Vegas comped your room in trade for the extra positive coverage.
hmmmmm. I wonder who?
your being to nice Sean calling them the left. Use their real name..... COMMUNISTS.
 Sean you're so funny.  You do a great job of comedy on your show!

Oh Sean. You think with all that time and money you have you might be able to get a clue.
Make sense of this- you want the 2nd amendment held up but the very first amendment does not apply to anyone that doesn’t fit your agenda?
ATF Form 4473 Sean, did Obama so cripple our Justice Dept. that they no longer screen these to indicate when someone has been stockpiling?
Ya do not have to tell me about it. There is no trying to even keep it on the down low any more. They are getting brand more reckless.
Are you just reading off names of Fox News contributers?
Thank God for you Sean, love you
 #trumpflake
effin ass-clown!!.......I'm more of a Usa patriot than your suck-ass will ever be.Your deportation papers are on the way Sean.
From the second place liar in the USA, only T-Rump is the bigger liar.
Why is nobody reporting on the video evidence of a 4th floor shooter at Las Vegas mass shooting?

Why does Twitter allow Keith Olbermann to use profanity many times each day, including towards President Trump?
https://twitter.com/keitholbermann/status/915972929095168001 …
You want despicable? Here it is.
Everything conservative is great. Everything liberal is despicable. 

Does that about sum up your show?
Tonight the lying weasel from the LYING PROPAGANDA MEDIA FOX NEWS will try to convince people they think are stupid, every one else is liars
The left says YOU are fear mongering, disregarding their accusations of racism, AGW, killing people by repealing Obamacare. Fear mongering?
I would watch anyone of these true journalists then anything claiming to be the true media ie: Hannity ( not even a journalist).


This crazy guy is probably connected 2 the deep state to stir the pot of division, to cause unrest, 2 impart martial law 2 take DJT out.
you are a divisive individual. We need YOU to help bring people TOGETHER not apart. The Russians are working to tear us apart.
http://updatedglobalnews.blogspot.com/2017/10/wikileaks-bombshell-if-trump-doesnt.html …
Ooooh. I am scared.
Props to Sheriff Lombard for his efforts. He's exhausted & has been up for days. So proud of everyone who saved lives that night. God Bless!
Thank you for the Hollywood hack Kimmel segment he is the epitome of despicable along w all celebrity elitists!!!!
Hey Sean. Ask Kimmel & the rest, will they stop having guests that r there to promote movies with guns in them? Hollywood glorifies guns.
OH GOODY… sounds sorta like a new ridiculous conspiracy from the all time EXPERT at fake news himself, @seanhannity!!
Jet fuel tanks?!? Has anyone explained this?
When *I* Croak, I Doubt God Will Say, I Should Have Been For Walls. Bans. War. God, Made ALL. God, Loves, God, Prefers We Do Too. 1 / 3
Mr. Hannity check out the video footage of the mass shooting in Las Vegas you will find evidence of a fourth floor shooter multiple videos
Have you considered a mental health evaluation. I think it’s WAY past time. @FoxNews please convene an intervention to demand it.
Just like the McCarthy hearings. Always glad to name names, right buttercup?
Any of you guys need to unload? I swallow.
it's working!  I get all my news now from infowars...their the best!
Hannity is always whining about the left media like a little snowflake!

IMPORTANT REMINDER: Trump is being *investigated* in the Russia Probe by Robert Mueller whereas Hillary is being "investigated" by Trump's twitter account, Sean Hannity's shrinking brain and Alex Jones' fake conspiracy theories.
I see many of your lemmings use memes. I guess spelling words are much too difficult for them
Mass shooting and all you want to talk about is the media? Puppet
#SeanHannity is just another #conspiracy theorist. Oh wait ... birther lie, wiretap Birds of a polarizing feather.
U seem unable or unwilling 2 distinguish between real journalism & conspiracy theorists, & grocery store rags. I'll be watching REAL news.
#Hannity is a joke like #InfoWars. U praised #AlexJones 4 his "amazing reputation".  His info comes from his ass.
Let me remind America where you get your "news" from. Yep, in the lower right corner under JUST NO. This is appalling! EXTREME bias! 
#FireHannity
Hire Hannity 
@morningmika @JoyAnnReid @Eugene_Robinson @NicolleDWallace @AriMelber @DanRather @maddow @JoeNBC @Lawrence

Trump wants fake news investigated! Your name is added to the list of FAKE NEWS NETWORKS! 
#FireHannity
Why is MSM not asking about a 2nd shooter. The taxi driver you can clearly hear gunfire close to her and from farther away.
Stop with the sweeping terms. Hardly it's not all the left nor all the right. Stop dividing the nation with ridiculous rhetoric
Twitter has been erasing retweets on president Trump's Twitter feed
Good! We already know how despicable the #altright media is. You are #1 on the list!
I’m watching Rachel @maddow on @msnbc I prefer actual news to old white men trying to make other old white people fearful. #maddow #lastword
And you brought up race for some reason, white skin is totally irrelevant but then again this is modern day leftism.
Where is the lie? Sean & most on fox are white. They dog whistle enough to attract wolves several states away (I.e. the scary blacks).
You're obsessed with race, instead of the quality of a person it seems.
That’s not what I asked. I asked where was the lie. You are not gaslighting me on this. I know what I hear & see and it’s about race.
But if we want to talk about the quality of the person, I’m game, bc Sean hannity is shit.
Lol
You are the most negative person on TV!
We have the right to know how many guns and any explosive materials you purchased. It can be done through driver license.
You're the most despicable of anyone in the "media" (Faux News, the original fake news network).
I am sick  of all those hate mongers. They are ruining our country !!!
Hillary did not waste anytime with her gun control agenda
Is the savior of Benghazi still running for office?
"Benghazi".  Too funny.
Wow, if Trump makes a sudden stop you will have to have your head surgically removed from his ass!  You're as pathetic as he is! NMP
Sean radical left w isis did this room at other hotel at lefty show to cover there tracks. Paddock was killed before this started.
LOL
We true American Trump supporting Patriots have your back Sean Hannity.Thank god for Truth news likeyou, Jesse Waters,Harris Faulkner,Levin
Hey Sean, weren't you the one peddling that fake Seth Rich story?  You have zero credibility.
You do this for money. You're a shock jock, pure & simple. No substance, no regard for truth, just looking for viewers so you can continue.
Trevor Noah shows Fox News trying, failing to politicize the Las Vegas shooting
#Hypocrite
Why don’t you care about Russian interference in our country. IT IS REAL.
I'll name names....Hannity is a moron
#PROPAGANDAALERT
Not asking to take Guns away, do screening,No assault guns. 2nd Amendment Written when you could outrun a bullet.Use Ur Brain Not Ur Mouth.
Desperate much?
https://www.facebook.com/idont.haveaface.1/posts/1461433307304025 …



Don't forget to criticize Corker for speaking truth to power. He's your new enemy right?


Sean look up oilfilter and flashlight silencers on u tube. Does Hillary want to ban oil filters and flashlights.
What is the type and condition of his planes as well as their location? What types of distance could they travel?
Next time liberal Hollywood cries gun control. ask them to remove all guns from television, film, music, gaming, computer and video industry

Trevor Noah DESTROYED Hannity last night. Do you want Sean Hannity with a gun?...Laura Ingram..."NO"....LOL.
You need an MRI on your brain..your remarks lately cause many of us to belive it is shrinking..
Watching now..
you do know you're part of the media, right?

You're a calm version of Alex Jones. lol Twit

I'm not a conspiracy nut but why does the audio from the cops body camera sound like multiple gunfire
Hey Sean. You are the media.

THIS......is a magazine.....
Love ya bud...lol
@realDonaldTrump Hannity, King of the despicable media! Has this clown ever uttered a truthful word? Someone bitch slap him!
You people kill me. Both networks spin. Your show wakes up every day to defend anything and everything Trump says. Balanced viewing folks!!
This bump stock issue began with Obama’s!!!
You are a huge problem in our country. You and the Bloated Orange Stain divide this country daily! You’re dangerous & disgusting!
God Bless all the wounded.  Our prayers and best wishes are with them for the quickest possible recoveries.
Oh my you're such tough guy. Looser
No credibility when you retweet one of the most corrupt liars on TV. i.e. one of the few who says nice things (lies) about you #manBaby
Fox keeps pushing the Isis propaganda!!!
Lol #FauxNews
Call them out! Name by name~
Im with Fox, with u/but please slow down on bashing the Left or others; that's what CNN is doing in reverse; stick to facts and less opinons
You’re just in this for the paycheck and notoriety...
Are u jealous abt the emmys again?
You are a piece of shit. Start reporting all the news. You say you are Christian but you lie and omit the truth. Garbage is all you are
Love the show tonight Sean!! Keep up the great work!!!
Ooooooo you’re scary 
What an unbelievable mask on gun violence.  Attacking people who are questioning our gun laws?  Take a breath and get off your podium.
Gun laws should be simple. If you arent a felon or have mental issues you can have a hand gun, a shot gun & a rifle. One each.
Nope. It has to be per person. Constitution covers each citizen and then they choose whether or not they want to exercise that right.
Nope. This is me, exercising my 1st Amendment Right to say things that other people may find naive or stupid but that I believe.
I know. But a gal can dream.
Ha!
"....and the number one most despicable media personality: Sean Hanni....oh wait, shit!" (actual audio from last nite's episode)
Great show. Loved it
So to finish this off. I say to the American people it's time to love ourselves and make a stand. This is our lives.
Together we built this country, divided we destroy this country.  What's the fix? I like the together part. Really I'm not faking.


Will @seanhannity include in his "truth about how despicable the media" is with his treatment of President Obama? #Lumpy #FakeNews #butthole
You are just as evil as the tweeter in chief that you support.
Where can I get a link to your opening monologue from tonight's episode?! I want to share it on as many social media accounts as possible!
Ha. Ha.  Your names on the far right and how despicable some people on the far right are have been named and called out a long time ago.
Puh-leeeezze doooooo. No one in the world could shut your fing mouth anyway, so I'm holding myy breathe for your disclosure!! ooo, baby oo!!
