No they should not!! The purpose of BENEVOLENCE offerings are to help those who are in need!!
The Democratic party messes up the veterans the people that took care of us on purpose, because they voted Republican and that is just sorry
#releasethememo
The church does not pay taxes and I do not want my tax dollars fixing anything that the radical religious right attends. The radical religious extremists do not believe in global warming. What did they do wrong that god destroyed their church?
So they pay taxes now?!
You love giving away taxpayer money those with no legal claim to it huh??? Sad
Wait... so we are not gonna "thoughts & prayers" them???   

Whatever happened to only people with skin in the game Donnie???
Thank you Mr. President for standing up for our churches against the swamp government (I attend Hi-Way Tabernacle in Cleveland, TX). It's refreshing to see a president unafraid to stand against the Establishment.
-PREZ, FEMA IS CORRUPT! FIRE CRAIG FUGATE!!
Churches are always helping people during crises. This Judge Gray Miller is pure evil !
Churches already got their reimbursement by not paying taxes.
Heathen!
Thanks
If they are ineligible for fema, would you make a personal contribution, sir, for the children?
What's going down with Mueller
Ok
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (ju...
Thanks Mrs President Trump God is guide you to the right things. GOD BLESS
% refunded. Monies came from congregation. Cost reimbursement should reflect capital equip loss (usage) Bldg’s, etc. Much appreciated by ALL
Panderer. You don't pay in, you don't cash out. Acts  of gods = between the 2, they don't worship gov. Let them pray.
what about the churches and people in Puerto Rico and the USVI?!!
Wow that's something well Oresident Trump have the power to make it happen I thought the churches was helping out of the good all involved
Contact Qatar & Saudi Arabia. They are funding hundreds of mosques in the Americas.
We in Texas agree.The churches here went above and beyond.
Ya harus dibantu
Black Americans should be entitled to reparations from slavery 
Then they should pay taxes like everyone else.
Wont that do a number on our debt?
You are an awesome president
That's what they collect offerings & tithes for. They haven't paid taxes, therefore they rec'v. no "entitlements". Get it?  Don't be obtuse.

IRMA response - compare to #PuertoRico
@mckenziejen22 Jesus never asked for reimbursement

Mr President, as soon as churches start paying taxes, they can have taxpayer-funded relief.
then they should pay taxes (just like others)
@realDonaldTrump can you name the "others"?
So ALL CHURCHES shld get reimbursed by @fema for Cash & Time that was DONATED to them by People, to use to Help People? #HurricaineRelief

churches should be taxed. heavily. 
not moscs!
#MadRespec 
#Roblox
#Rawr
They're already tax exempt..& their morals are questionable..like everything else that has to do with "that" 'almighty dollar'!
Is your butthole sewn up Donald? Do you need help? I’m worried for you. Call me, Mom.
Not complaining but churches receive tax free cash & donations to help ppl... NOT ALL churches are doing good-will
Others PAY TAXES...
Everyone needs to be treated equally+every business, church, home+areas of destruction from these storms need 2b aided in rebuilding!
Only if they paid income tax.
NO, they shouldn't.  I pay taxes, they don't.  Churches take money from parishioners to do charity work.  FEMA is not a charity.  Get Real.
But only if they ACTUALLY help people... right?
...just as soon as they start paying Federal Taxes!
AMEN!!!
Mosques , Synagogs, Buddhist Temples, Christian Rattlesnake Handelers, Satanists, Native American Church the government money is coming!
Yes Sir
Then make it happen for all churches equally not  just the huge mega ones ok.  Thank you sir!
Yes!
# It's the right thing to do!
dissagree, if your gonna reimburse them they ought to be taxed too!
Amen. Our Local Churches do So Much for the Communities, They Could Certainly use some Help. 
Since the churches don't pay taxes, they SHOULD be helping their communities. Especially since that is what Christians are SUPPOSED to do
This country was set up on separation of church and state
What difference would it make if you were the one to provide the needed services at the time; you should be reimbursed.
Reimbursed for monies that technically never belonged to them?
no
Churches should be demolished and the cults disbanded
Thank you President Trump.
ANYONE who helped should get reimbursed...even people like mattress king!
We have this law that needs to change small churches paying tax but when it grows they stop paying taxes Jesus and Peter did pay
Indeed let them help thanks
Not if pastor has $20m jet and doesn't pay taxes
and mosques
No they shouldn't. Churches receive funds from donations, they literally ARE suppose to disperse it.
Not if they take in millions of dollars of tax free money!!!
No they shouldn't, they already get tax exemptions and fema is already underfunded.
I agree. Are you making sure the churches receive compensation for their assistance from FEMA?
FUCK NO!
Churches already pay zero taxes. They don't deserve more taxpayer dollars.
If Churches are to be "reembursed just like others", 
then others should also receive TAX FREE STATUS just like Churches! 
@POTUS @IRSnews
No they shouldn't. They're not paying taxes for those benefits. Pay taxes first, benefits after. Understand?
Separation of church and state. No taxes no bail out
No they shouldn't unless they pay taxes!
So actual victims are getting denied. But you want to give it to churches that didn't want to help their congregations.
People are riping off FEMA with scams. If you have a tree down on your property you can get estimates of $ 10,000.00 to remove it. Redic.
頑張って
Amen
My heart is heavy, my son was kill d by a drunk driver Sunday morning
Rest my son, be with your daughter
Mr President: wrong pick for Alabama senator, that is filling not draining the swamp
BULLSHIT! The money they used was churchdonations. Thatisnt how charities work, they get money back , time to pay taxes.
Maybe churches should start paying taxes (just like others).

Thats what their tax free shelter affords them to do, the church does not need anymore free money. Pastors should get a new Cadillac?
Your are SO STUPID!
And you should should sign the Paris climate accord to help avoid future Harveys
No, that's what churches do. That is why their members provide support.
Churches need to pay taxes!
Maybe IF they paid taxes.
you want to help Joel too?  actually you are alike
Maybe the charlatans at the Lakewood church should help some victims. That would be the best!
The average church provide public assistance in the way of food pantries, drug addiction programs, etc. Absence will be felt. Esp for poor.
A lot of non-profits dont pay taxes. Why not include them? The average church is not Joel Olsteen. It is the hater syndrome.
if they are taxed
Shouldn't they have to pay taxes to benefit from taxes?
Only a prez that doesn't pay his own taxes would give an untaxable entity a tax refund & he'd only do it if he'd be eligible for it too.
Total b.s. no way to know or prove they spent a dime. They can't prove w/ tax returns they had $ to spend! Want to play? File a return!
Not that I don't agree but isn't it amazing how U dole out money like it's candy when (1) it isn't yours & (2) U don't pay into it via taxes
Churches in Texas need to pay their fair share of taxes then too
They don't pay taxes.  Remind you of anyone you know??
100% agreed . Lead the way Sir . Pray for you everyday
Cool, then they're going to pay taxes like the rest of us too. Right?!
Isn't this the very justification for their not paying taxes? Don't they already get reimbursement (and donations) in advance?
Nope. They forgot to pray or what. God doesnt charge to answer prayers does he Mr. President?
The Church took us from the hospital, sheltered & comforted us so preciously-But, CONGRESS denies them funds & Laws shut t/downNO FEMA YET
FEMA says were inaccessible- Yet every Scavenger in Houston Rummages through our Destroyed Belongings & Violate ANY COURTESY- WHERES FEMA
I agree absolutely! God bless you President Trump!
They should be reimbursed the free money that they pay no tax on? They should consider it a charitable contribution to society.
Churches should pay taxes then, like we all do just for these services. Doh!
They're not profit groups who have their own charitable wings. They already get plenty of cuts and money. They don't need more.
Churches are tax-exempt because they help people.  Helping churches helps the community.  If churches suffer, so do those they serve.
Glad we. Believe in marriage in this country. My family keeps killing men so i dont marry. Werid family. Will not even introduce me 2 one.
Churches are TAX exempt already! Helping People is what churches are supposed to do!
The bible says the church is suppose to help the people not Fema
I disagree. Churches feel obligated to help and serve due to their faith. Also, separation of Church and State still exists for a reason.
Tell Paula White to reimburse them.  She is stealing millions from well-meaning people.
Mr President, Sir, you are a logical thinker. I'm confident of your work for us!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump want to solve the u.s. debt issue...try taxing churches...the single largest money making business in america...MAGA
Welcome Trump , you are very important to nation destory
Hey
tax-exempt why should they get tax dollars most of them are not  Christians they do it for the love of money not for the love of the Bible
Nope, they pay no taxes.
And churches who refused to open their doors to victims should be fined!
It’s also their beliefs to help others in need. They shouldn’t mind doing it.

so it is time to see all what Trup is giving away---- let's see his part by seeing his taxes he is paying!!!
That's what church's should do!
BILLIONS OF BLESSINGS IN JESUS REJOICE GREATLY NO MATTER WHAT I AM IN MÉXICO PRAYING FOR YOU AN OLD christia PREACHER can u send one helper?
YES! Thank you, Mr. President!
Hey just everyone get ordained and then you'll be tax exempt too not hard to do take 30 min on the net then go start a religious order
Then they should pay taxes
I respectfully disagree Mr. Trump. If churches are to receive federal reimbursement, they should be paying federal taxes.
Keep tweeting!
Agreed %100
No taxes - no relief!  God will provide for them of they are legit!!!
Church entitlement.  Tax exemption is not enough.
When that happens we'll see #MAGA churches opening in every disaster prone US locality. No taxes and FEMA reimbusements. Win-win hey? @POTUS
They're a church. They don't even pay taxes. Should churches even want reimbursement for helping others?
You mean the churches that don't pay into federal?  C'mon
No God is our source! !!
WRONG.
Churches don't need government repayment, helping others is part of who they are, it's why they don't have to pay taxes like everyone else.
Only if thry proselytize 
 And-stump-for-trump
Because they should have the same benefits as other TaxPayers! Oh wait, they don't pay taxes. Did Christ ask for tax refunds?
Please get Lolita freed please president
TX churches are already tax exempt, Dumbo-in-Chief. And do you mean other houses of worship should not be reimbursed, only Christian ones?
The people need to support their churches! The Government will help those people.
https://www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2017/08/joel-osteen-refuses-to-open-church-to-hurricane-victims-gets-des/#.WbuZVsu3ruc.mailto …

Sent via the Samsung Galaxy S7 active, an AT&T 4G LTE smartphone
Every church but his that fake pastor who wouldn't practice what he preaches shame!!!  @JoelOlsteenFP
Yeah everyone except @JoelOlsteenFP
Isn't that why they are not taxed
Maybe Osteen should be taxed
No taxes paid no tax money . They should be a charity operation .
Then churches need to pay taxes.
Anything to say about Mexico, where they had a huge earthquake? No? Just a big silent "F you"?
Bullshit!
perhaps they should just help and not expect a governement hand out in return. you know, like the rest of america that donated to help!
Yes , so they can help more people later .you are so awesome
No then that would cut off the people's blessing but thank you anyway @realDonaldTrump
They already do... it is referred to as 501 c tax status. It is their duties to come to the aide of people. The "church" is under #thelaw 2.
Churches are there for their flock in time of need. They shouldn't get reimbursed, that's what the collection plate is for. #udumb
They don't pay taxes so I'm sure they will be fine. Besides religion causes too many problems in the world. They fight over myths.
BREAKING NEWS 45 is A LIAR CHEAT INGNORANT CON MAN , winners were Russia +45 BIGGEST LOSERS the United States 
45 be a man father husband grandfather step down United States does not need bully racist and ignorant man have the balls to step dn
That is a nice idea, but Christians are supposed to help others. God provides blessings for giving, HE is source,He multiplies what we give!
Well then "Just like others" churches should pay taxes
I agree!
NO!!  Charity is NOT reimbursed by taxpayers!
YES!!!
When was the last time you went to church?
When the FEMA CAMPS was a Conspiracy Theory but now are the Fake News #realDump

The Simpsons The FEMA Warning
