1994 When Bill Clinton Gave North Korea $5 Billion And Two New Nuclear Reactors

https://youtu.be/y_irNV3dj40 
You can thank Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton for North Korea's nukes http://nyp.st/1Rb1ofB  via @nypost
You're a great threat and embrassment! Quit for the love of God!!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but ...
This problem has been kicked down the road by to many past Presidents until it's a MAJOR PROBLEM! Glad Potus is willing to face HEAD ON.
President Trump is truly first GREAT PRESIDENT we have had in many years.ALL Americans need to give him FULL SUPPORT & tell Lib's take hike!

Yes sir
Words to laugh at from.a rogue leader.
It's both hilarious and frightening that you're our leader.
Please resign. I'll give you $45 if u do.
You are living proof that no politician needs a war more than one with a low poll rating
We the people must join together and pray for strength for our country and our leadership through president Trump God bless the USA R/T
Time to take out one square mile of NK with all the leaders on 1 spot
Better come up with an actionable solution BEFORE L'il Kim marries a thermonuclear warhead to a missile. Time is running out. @Scully64
its Cali though...
Oh yeah, was I thinking. How may I donate red paint for the bullseye on Sacramento?
i was thinking more in the lines of no loss, ill move before then lol
We need your conservative voice in SoFla. Dinner is on me.
Blah blah
True, but the bigger question is what has America become?
We can help China make the right decision.
Boycott their products.

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #NotMyPrez #news
Use an EMP on them Donald
Isn't this your pretend #NationalDayOfPrayer? Then stop toilet tweeting and get on your knees and pray for forgiveness!
I HATE YOU DONALD TRUMP
And your an embarrassment to the United States so we're even
@UN, why are you silent over #Genocide in #Burma of #RohingyaMuslims?  Why the #world let #AungSanSuuKyi to continue this? Where is #OIC?
#RohingyaMuslims Shame on USA , who were ready to bomb Yemen & Syria but do nothing for Burma!
Why didn't Pakistan do anything about Burma?
A rougue like you are. I remember you saying Kim jon un is a smart cookie. You both are actually most dangerous insane  leaders in the .
You mean great embarrassment to you, that you can't do anything about it?!
just like you have become an embarrassment to America.
Trump is a rogue person who has become a great threat and embarrassment to the United States and the world.
Trump is a rogue entity. Even the generals work around him, not with him.
We are so close to annihilation with this rogue president. This has become the new normal.
A very abnormal normal.
We need to repeal and replace the President of the United States. Before we are all destroyed.
unncecessary to need that happen. TRUMP CAN HANDLE IT
China is not our friend.
Think before you do anything people lives are at stakessome time's the media needs to shut up stop egging him on
Stop tweeting and learn how to govern. #IdiotInChief
You're the greatest threat to America.
Mr. Trump we know you will make the right moves in keeping us safe unlike Crooked Hillary
Like you embarrass the US?
China can't help. They have alliances deep rooted in eons of history. We need Russia on our side to talk we have your back no matter what!
I'm English. I don't agree Mr Trump with everything you have done and said that is democracy. But North Korea we have to react NOW b4 2 late
It's my fear that you will want to create a UGE war in order to go down in history as having the "best wars" #NorthKoreaNukes
Remember, this isn't a video game.  You can't just type in a Nuclear code and win the game!
This is real life, and you need to avoid Nuclear weapons at all cost. Don't play with innocent lives in North Korea or the US.
It's obvious that your late night/early morning tweetstorm is to distract from something coming soon!
I've found that the more you tweet, the more fearful you are of losing your Presidency and freedom.
the great orange ape speaks -
Seriously you guys.. you take the North Korean side in this? Gosh.. I share your concerns about Trump, but to this level?
Nothing to do with taking NK's side. Trump has antagonized Kim.
Act before it is too late, if not already too late.
Easy way out? Have china finance SOUTH Korea nuke missile program.
You bomb them, everyone else gets bombed, too!
You living embarrassment to mankind, a nation can't be rogue, only their leaders. Going after a nation is mass murder! #trumposter
Please don't insult countries who are in a position to help us.
It's a good job then that America has such a courageous and tactically aware president, oh shit hang on you r  president, guess we're fuckd
Maybe do something about it then? I’m not sure your Tweets resonate with Kim Jong-Un...
We need a Leader Who isn't senile, and who doesn't have the mentality of a 1st grader to Stair Down Jong-Un, Not YOU!!
For Instance...
You Can't Escape Mueller...
YOU are a ROGUE President.... What's your point?
Oh please, we lived for 8 years of Obama kissing everybody's ass. Get real.
Obama is 1 of the greatest Presidents of all time!
Keep tweeting your endless chaos Trump!You need to get your mental state checked!You're unfit for office!
You also just inadvertantly described your presidency.
He tweets for "ratings" It's his narcissistic breakfast food. #FakePresident
Bernie? Ajajajajahahaha
Keep laughing. Bernie is introducing a bill next week 4 #MedicareForAll. He's gonna win bigly where yr #FakePresident failed #TrumpDontCare

Donald was Donald afraid to debate Bernie?
Mr. President don’t know what fear is
A very good friend of Trump said he was so TERRIFIED of SHARKS that he WISHES they would all DIE. 
...so no shark week is now being cancelled
USA needs to impose strict security inspections on all Chinese Ships entering USA. As China,s biggest customer we need protect against NK
Nuke em
Are you capable of writing a decent sentence???? That Doesn't run-on?
oh no, you woke up alteady??
Embarrassment to china? Oy they're not gonna like that.
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
I've never felt more UNSAFE
Then we need to face the issue here, it's not North Korea...CHINA is the real problem
China is manipulating the U.S. by stringing it along on North Korea — a crisis that serves its interests. But Trump doesn't understand this.
N Korea no longer listens to China, China probably is in the ride for want of options
China is the puppet master, time to take them out
Kim is China's evil step child
中国也很无奈啊，猪队友啊
The real threat to the entire world are America and Israel.  You did a 180 since your election, remember???
What have you done?
Well Done http://sir.Save  this world !
Oh but #shadowgovernment isn't doing all this unpurpose 

#$1.50/LitreGas #Sheckles for ur jew regime
I never made this twoot
Trump is an embarrassment to our great nation every day. Grand Jury can't come fast enough.
YE NKorea & Pak r dancing to China's tunes. To fix the situation FIX PAK.
25 years of talking with North Korea
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results
North Korea is testing its limits with US - President Trump is not like past presidents- a solution will be found
Military action is needed now.
Really, are you just a bit thick? So what you goona do? Start WW3?
If it was WWIII, it would be everyone vs North Korea, it would last 30 minutes, 1 hour tops.
Yeah, pity Seoul is 35 miles from the border. So, as soon as the wind changes....... brilliant. You are not Erwin Rommel, are you?!
This is real life being president is not easy work with the right people to stop the threat from North Korea and from the Russians
It's the Chinese who are the real problem though
Both China and Russia working together
Please stop calling out other nations on Twitter, ass munch.
I have said this about him(Trump) Since Early 2016. He's dangerous because he's mentally Unstable!
Please only push your useless brain to think what US going to do instead of hiding behind china
dear president serious action against 
 myanmar who is killing thousand of muslims 
stop this genocide in rohingya
thanks
You're a ROGUE president thats become an embarrassment to the USA. Maybe the military should remove you.
get rid of the threat
Let them sort their stuff out, we have no business so far away, it's a trap to start Ww3. Maybe China is playing good cop.
please stop tweeting your reckless and ill-informed foreign policy-or lack of foreign policy. It is embarrassing and puts us all in danger.
Do yourself a favor..please .resign.
Trying to shame China for the same lack of success your failure of an administration is having.
Well, you of all people, should know about being an "embarrassment.
Sounds like America with her sitting potus...
You are a cruel, hateful human being with no redeeming qualities who has always been an embarrassment to our nation.
thank God for president Trump we have a real man in office.
If this was Obama he would send the money in an airplane in the middle of the night .pathetic.
If this was Hillary Clinton she would be tweeting out of somebody's bathroom. sad, and against the law.
And if this was the FBI director James Comey he would probably side with North Korea. crooked.
As you are a rogue president who has become a great threat and embarrassment to so many of us.
Stop tweeting about it; you're embarrassing us. Twitter isn't diplomacy! Someone please get this manchild a book.
You're also endangering literally EVERYONE.
Well you woukd know all about being an embarrassment wouldn't you little Donnie?
#Heheh #
Honestly. Would you please just shut up. Please?
You're a rogue "president," and are a great threat and embarrassment to the US. What's your point? #MAGA (Morons Are Governing America)

destroy north Korea Mr president 
#NorthKorea need guard agin @realDonaldTrump-USA militarism!
Let us, China,&All NEVER forget USA exploded atomic bombs!
#Hiroshima #Nagasaki
Sounds like you.. 'rogue president which has become a great threat and embarrasment'.  Please quit your job. Xx
Kkk ass good  kiss good  Mr trump
I think he needs to pounce on Korea ASAP with everything we have.. position Thadd asap in SKorea.. bring 2 battle groups in. Hit them hard
You are an embarrassment to the WORLD!
Shoot down their missiles as they leave their air space. perhaps that should finally get their attention,if not,than its on !
Thanks again for 8th 2 5 the best way of organising 8
This show is boring
You are a rogue "president" who has become a threat and embarrassment to the USA. Sad! #NotMyPresident
When pipsqueak delusionaries get nukes, it's time for black ops to do what they must do. #NK #NorthKorea
pipsqueak ? hahaha not heard that one n a while
It sounds like you!!
Take this fat poc out!
Chinese devious diplomacy is much more in favor of Pyongyang than for mediation with the US #YPG
...deal that is built upon conditions of mutual de-escaltion on BOTH sides ,such as suspending all military excercises in region in ....
You have become an embarrassment to America.
Funny because you are a threat and an embarrassment to Americans.
That young kid in NK  is playing mind game with you. He thinks he already beat you. And America is scared shit because you're scared!
Even if the West manages to buy China out, the West will never buy out North Korea.
But they are helping
Please do not discourage China
But you said you thought he was a great leader.
Everyone keep tweeting YOU'RE FIRED  at him maybe he will get the point . We don't want him ..we didn't elect him .  He lost by 3 million

#Realdonaldtrump is an Embarrassment to the #UnitedStates of #America! #Impeachtrump this asshole is unfit, Unstable & Unqualified #GOP #DNC
Why are you putting this shit on Twitter?  Put your goddamned phone down!  How about try NOT to start a war???
Thanks to Hussein Obama
..The United States is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to Americans and the world.* 

Fixed it for you! :)
Not so fast. The left has become so hateful and ill informed closed minded people with their anti-American rhetoric that you're no AM
The left are ill informed? LOL. Good luck in life; you're going to need it. 
Signed,
no AM (whatever that means)
P.S. you guys have nazis, white supremacists, and the KKK. Talk about anti-American
Don't own a nazi, KKK, white supremest. Where do you buy those CA, TX. I have my Christian faith, that's plenty for me
No trying very hard!

hello sir,I love your good job as a president of America good job sir am grateful for you
Mr president I'm behind you 100#
We need them to actually make an offensive action before we can make an action ourselves i hope it doesnt come to this.
North Korea is The Entire World's Problem
True, but the rest of the world is dealing with it discreetly rather than tweeting about it like a twat!
You know all about being an embarrassment!
Donald Trump is a rogue President which has become a great threat and embarrassment to the USA, which has no idea what to do about it. Sad.
They are causing the shit we have had proxy wars with China and Russia for decades now
Kind of like the threat & embarrassment U have become to us? Weak loser of the popular vote!
You make me embarrassed to be an American citizen. You can deport me. Actually, please do.
do you believe china ？？？
Rougy Rouge? Covfefe? Golf?
You are a rogue wannabe president who has always been a great threat and embarrassment to America. You aren't even trying to help, #FLIC
现在的朝鲜，已经不是我大天朝能处理的了，翅膀硬了
Grow some balls China or we will be willing to pay double or triple of what we pay for your trash
You've become a great embarrassment to us. Should we ask China for help?
Color me crazy but Im of the opinion that part of the 150 BILLION Obama gave to Iran is finding it's way to NK. Thx Clinton, thx Obama.
North Korea is not part of China. #howdomapswork
China is most definitely not doing enough to stop N. Korea.  Anyone know why?
Substitute the word "Trump" for "North Korea" and that is how we feel about you.
#ACA2018 Open Enrollment Period runs frm Nov1 to Dec 15, 2017.  https://www.healthcare.gov/quick-guide/dates-and-deadlines/ … #Resist #FakePresident #25the45 #TheResistance
Cruel but to the point
Culprit China's a nuclear rogue State that has aided,abetted and supplied technological and military support to its' puppet terrorist NKorea
North Korea has always been North Korea. U however , have escalated the tensions to world wide concern with no diplomatic resolution.
Mr.president i think North Korea wants to become a superpower in the future, like the United States
U.S. is now a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to the World.. Thanks Donald!
Russia, Russia, Russia.  We are not distracted. Gorka,Bannon,Flynn,Manafort flipping on you. Mr. Mueller working w/the IRS. Uh-Oh! Naptime!
Are they really trying to help ?
I just can't help think they would have more influence,and the
Jump in technology that North Korea had...?
Time to take positive action for the good people in the world against an oppressive rogue regime.
If this was Hillary Clinton she would be tweeting out of somebody's bathroom .crooked.
but USA  under Cheney was also rogue! :-)
LOSER!
ALL OPTIONS ARE ON THE TABLE
Funddd by Clinton's money and Iran from Obamas money 
What's you latest meaningless threat today, Chump?
I wish Uncle Sam thinks exactly d same for Pakistan.They hv been harbouring terrorists. Gen. (Reed.) Musharraf once said of inciting them.
If you end #DACA YOU will prove to the world u R a #Rouge President which has become a gr8 threat & embarrassment 2 #USA & the  
#StandDown
U have an opportunity here to NOT harm 800,000 #DACA #Americans on #USA soil and prove u are a #Real #President who is not #Afraid #StandUp
In my  I want 2 believe U will make the right choice on Tuesday re: #DACA. I guess I want to believe there is still good in you. #SaveDACA
And your lack of foreign engagement puts the world in harm's way. #resign.
Stop freaking criticizing our Allies. Idiot. Wish I could use a stronger word but  I am not of your calliber and I too was born in Queens NY
China would like to help you if you don't intervene in China's internal affairs for Taiwan
...However, N.Korea has ratcheted up their program to unprecedented levels. They have done several months worth of tests in a few days...
The correct word to use there was 'who' not 'which'.  Quit psychiatric med tweeting.
You are a great threat and embarrassment to America.
"Mighty China is trying to help with little success?" Super power China can't stop poor NK? Really, how stupid de you think we are?
Well now isn't that the pot calling the kettle black, in reference to you...
Why are we involved - don't we have enough problems of our own. Let North Korea and China duke it out.
Don't let the press rattle you. Love your calm demeanor .
We need a long range sharp shooter to take out that Regime & curve the issues with North Korea
General MacArthur was right
dude....pretty sure it's you who is the embarrassment....the Chinese are laughing and laughing and laughing about Drumpf in power....hahaha
You are a rouge POTUS, that has become a threat to all Americans! How about you go to North Korea and duke it out?
As you have for us?? Become an embarrassment??
Resign...colluding racist traitor... Resign..
Resign...colluding racist traitor...Resign...
Resign...colluding racist traitor...Resign...
embarrassment to China? Transference much?
So if you end trade with China where will all your crappy stuff you sell get made? Also TVs & computers etc
USA is becoming a rogue nation too,with this orange douchebag as his commander in chief... LOL
Our Chinese are deceiving you
Could not be more embarrassment than you are to us.
Keep us safe Sir !
