Suck my dick you fucking traitor

America Stands at the Crossroads of Its Destiny. Time and Distance Have Been Shortened. A Few Weeks Have Seen a Great Party Fall. We...
No it's called having a mirror held up to your atrocious policy agenda, actions of your staff, cabinet, & the disgrace you bring to the USA.
Oh, you make me sad now. I was a big supporter of yours for DNC chair. But a negative message of insults is exactly why the Dems lost.
LOL .@realDonaldTrump #TrumpRussia Everyone Laughs at You. #Resign before you are #impeached. @CherylShuman http://www.CherylShuman.com 
Not everyone...enough put him in office dear...think again
What you are saying is that you are unable to cope with anything that you don't like. Your anger displays signs of Dementia. Get checked out
His anger displays signs of integrity...check yourself
@Lauren...he has ZERO integrity. Zero...none...not a shred.
We see it every night.  Fake media with an agenda to destroy.
So far I think the media is doing a GREAT JOB. Holding all the crooks in Washington accountable is their professional duty!
That they completely ignored for 8 years under Obama. Where were these pit bulls then????
#WeThePeople thank you for your strength, courage & love for our USA. No one but You can #MAGA Fortitude. This is Evil seen as never b4 BHO
Mr. President: a portion of us, educated many years ago, understand! I hope there are enough of us still voting! #MAGA I see what is lost.
Yes let's go BACKWARDS! I'm in
Oh @Potus we see it and pay great attention while help to repair the fake attacks on you & your Administration!
We see it which is why trust in #MSM has fallen.
we see....and we're getting fed up with media.
Well 36% c. The rest of the world knows trump lies, is bad 4 America, bad 4 the world, a criminal that should b lock up
We can see how pathetic and self serving your agenda is. Enjoy jail when the Russia investigation is done you orange fuckmonkey
WELL WE KNOW SIR! THE BIG SCREENS N NY.STREETS WOULD BE THE PERFECT PLACE 2 TELL UR TRUTHS OF WHAT U KNOW ABOUT THAT SNEAKY ESTAB. & MSM!
If only you would #ReleaseYourTaxReturns .....
I support you. POTUS Trump is my president 
Outstanding President these other do good era are scared to death if you succeed Americans will know their failures
Botched Muslim ban twice, botched EOs, #TrumpRussia, Flynn/Sessions failures, botched #yemenraid, botched AHCA, 300+ lies.. but mostly GOLF
Oh, I see it and I've quit watching all but fox
that won't help end #MediaTerrorism brave patriots please WATCH @ABC @CBS @NBC report EVERY broadcast tv VIOLATION to @FCC @AJITPAIFCC
@oqven OH, we see. It's nauseating. Blocked CNN, MSNBC on cable. Now they attack anyone supporting you. Please stay strong!
PEOPLE DO what I do to mainstream media news outlets, WATCH FOX OR  OAN NEWS AT LEAST YOU GET THE TRUTH.
If only the people could see how deeply corrupt and greedy you and your cabinet are, they would be horrified!
64% of us can
My family sees how the lying fake news portrays you! We believe in you Mr. President! Keep doing what you're doing. 
quit whining and produce results.
Like the FBI?? Hey, Traitor-in-Chief, they do have tiny handcuffs... just your size!!

Yes they do. The USA is now a laughing stock the world can no longer trust. In only 6 months! Well done, sir.

Better than being an obvious Dick without a costume. At least hers can be removed. #resistance
tell them to expect a filibuster like the Bible says those without sin throw the first stone you just keep being our
Remember @realDonaldTrump was the fucking liar who told racist #birther lies against a real President. As for sin...
Come on Jack. None of that matters 2 a #trumptard
The #birther LIES of pathological liar @realDonaldTrump were certainly racist

They NEED reminded. Tell the media again your not GIVING 411 to our EVIL terrorist that is born n bread in the countries. All on T.V.
Wrong. You are spreading Russian propaganda and blaming the media. RT and Breitbart are not reputable news sources.
We see it and we are backing you
You're nuts. That's all!
Cry me a river
I see.

Because, playing videos of you speaking is viciously and inaccurately misrepresenting you.
Don't let the media know what your doing as Commander and Chief, The public will understand later, just like they started with Reagan 
你很棒啊
45 You'll never be able to fill 44's shoes. Your Presidency was full of lies from the day you came down the escalator. To hard a job for you
We see what's going on very clearly Donald.  Fake leader.
The media simply covers your own words and deeds, which reveal you are awful!

You are not on the right side. Very scary. FAKE PRESIDENT photo shots are not what your job is. Wake up!
Those that voted 4 POTUS understand.Judge Jeanine said it perfectly last night. "lost presidential, lost senate, lost house " #losersPERIOD
Despite the hate and false reportage directed at Trump administration by fake news media, #TrumpTrain will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Obama is a Kenyan you should really RESEARCH Obama and Trump instead of listening to the media tell you what to believe.
No he didn't... it wasn't real..proven.. Now put down the Barbie and research.
Really it was proven he was born in Kenya? You are absolutely ridiculous. If that was the case he wouldn't have been president. So so sad.
Sorry. Definitely not for you
We see and it is a truly a shame.


Don't give much to work with?? 
If only we could see your tax returns and the full picture of your collusion with the Kremlin.
if only our President respected his office and actually put Americans first instead of his own agenda or lining his pockets
Truth hurts... man up..
We do,we do,
Yeah. those bad press people! they cover everything you say and everything you do. Imagine that!
What the people of this great country need to see is you being done with the lying press and do the job we expect of you.
Abe gadhe....FOoOL
We see it.
Thanks Mainstream Media for all you do everyday!
I agree, Fox News is the worse. They are viciously inaccurate.
no we the people see everything we know you are lying is time for you to go to jail lock him up
perhaps if you spent less time on social media and more doing your job we wouldn't feel this way?
What people need to see is how viciously and inaccurately you smear the media.
GOD BLESS YOU.
If only you could worry about doing your job and ignore the press...you might actually sound like an adult instead of a petulant child.
Don you can stop the negativity. Show us your taxes. #TrumpTaxReturns #trumprussia
You HAVE stated demonstrable lies. Prove  inaccurate coverage. Stop lying 2 America.
we don't like it.
#SVRAV #TRUMPRUSSIA #THERESISTANCE
maybe Media's are corrupted journalists.!
If all the people of your great country could only see how you are making things worse instead of better.
If only people could see how corrupt your administration is...#DonTheCon
What threat? Just stating the truth.
You mean here?
https://www.wsj.com/articles/mike-flynn-offers-to-testify-in-exchange-for-immunity-1490912959 …
Wrong. Pathetic. Sad. Desperate. Failing. Losing. Liar. Sexist. Just a few of the words that come to mind.
yeah that's right Sean Hannity is lying his ass off
Wha wha whaaa! Is that "traitor's tears"? How delightful #DontheCon #Trumprussia #TheResistance
Which coverage was wrong and why?  You cry foul yet never show why the media was wrong.  Set everybody straight.
if you could only see how petty and dishonest your administration is. Start by looking in the mirror instead of pointing.
says the man scared to throw out the first pitch at the nationals game because he'll only go to rural areas for rallies.
where they won't fact check.
The media does not cover as accurately as they should but then that's how the media works. News. News. News
If the people of our great country could see you & your  traitorous administration charged with treason, it would Make America Great Again!
Majority of #Americans KNOW our #MSM is #fakenews now. #mediapimps lies are what @TheDemocrats #criminal network has ALWAYS survived on!
T Alinsky Propaganda Press works in Lockstep Against our Choice 4 @POTUS It's truly Amazing 2 hear them spread Fake News verbatim! @LouDobbs

What color is the sky in your world? When you look in the mirror do you see a real person?When did you lose the ability to speak truthfully?
You are desperate. Very, very desperate. You have never done anything importnt in your life. Even had to borrow money from daddy. How SAD!
Oh, boo hoo
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously I am attacking core values of her citizens , people would be marching #LIAR
Wahhhh!!!! What a fuckin' baby.  Man up.
If you only spend more time actually being "Presidential" and less time being so vain, maybe progress could be attempted! #TrumpIgnorance
nobody actually cares nor would they believe you! #SAD
You mean #FakeNews @FoxNews
the truth must be told watch MSNBC for best news
If only the people of our great country could see your tax returns! #failingpresident
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
We see it Mr. President...we see it...and we see through it. We are smarter than they give us credit for.
that's like comin over and saying you ain't a ho after I saw you making out with someone across the room
Truth really hurts.
we all despise you. Media just reflects what is actually hsppening

We see you for who you are. We don't need the media for that. Every time you open your mouth and tweet in your voice we see you. #failure
Always a victim...
If only the people of our great country could see your taxes, they would learn your foreign entanglements and conflicts of interest.
We see you very clearly.
You show your ineptness every day. Don't worry, we all see it.
YOU ARE CORRUPT!  RESIGN!!

I actually think it's all pretty accurate. They're using exactly what you say. They're quoting you. They're putting your tweets on screen.
I am from Scranton Pennsylvania
We do see the relentless attacks on yourself/staff/family Mr President•And we appreciate your tenacity fighting 4 America/Americans #MAGA
We see it. It's wrong. And it's why people are sick of #MSM We can't get real news without digging for it.
Mr.T - Those of us with half a brain do see it and are so sick of it! Other than NY,CA & DC America has your back!
Expand your use of the new media. Release messages and videos daily highlighting accomplishments and debunking fake news.
We do!!!!
Imagine a conservative holding a decaptiated head of Obama. Imagine the media uproar.


Trump should forget MSM's coverage, and realize how visciously, albeit accurately, We The People are covering his assholeyness.
Most who voted for you understand their agenda. Just stop sensoring the christain views on googletwitface.togetout truth!
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and disgustingly my administration is so often f**ked-over by me!
Anyone semi intelligent see , keep up the fight!
If it's so bad, where's the slander lawsuit? I'm curious to see the ruling.
All They Have is Lies, Propaganda and Prepaid Fools To Spread Them. Around!
DON'T GIVE THEM SO MUCH SHIT TO WORK WITH, YOU CHEETO
Keep reminding the USA that you DO CARE AND WON'T BROADCAST THE NEXT MOVE IN TERMINATING TERRORIST EVERYWHERE.
Royal family is not above criticism which u brought on w remarks & accusations How come Karma is against you?
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
some of us see it clearly
You are not handled enough
President DJTrump what I KNEW is the truth, you're the best President in US History, illegally spied on by Obama #SusanRice you were right!
media has been so manipulated and regulated that there is no "conscious" news reporting anymore.  It's all about sales and popularity.
Dear Mr. President, some of us can and are trying to do something about it, I will be launching a YouTube channel in the next week or so
You didn't realize the Presidency is a serious position and you are floundering because of your own incompetence and corrupt impulses. Weak.
we do so STOP ask the tweets about it, stay on point don't give these hacks anything to talk about except your work!! #MAGA
Yes President Trump, I find it very hard to watch CNN. They are so biased that it shows their true colors as leftist liars

My kids, family and most my friends are all here for you now and in 2020. Omaha Neb trump #MAGA
Stop whining and govern.
Give them something good to write about.
So SAD. You are #unpresidented. #Trumplethinskin
Now, who is reporting fake news? We see just fine!
I wish the media had the balls to call your administration what it really is..NEPOTISM, CORRUPTION & CRIMINAL!
Drain the media swamp!
No worries, they will....soon
Don't you have something important to do? #getofftwitter #stoptweeting
you + your followers are delusional. Sad
Nobody is above the law forever. Election was rigged by you since 2015. Ur collusion w #Russia will put u n jail. Bank on it. #crookedTrump
We know!
Resign immediately go back to Trump Towers where you belong
Trump dont forget what goes around comes around You mess wit our country God will mess with you KNOW THAT
More concerned about what they are fighting so hard to hide&why it isn't evident to other Dems
Full Investigation of WA needed but by whom?
We hear it straight from the source, thanks to Twitter.#TrumpImpeachmentParty #TrumpRussiaCollusion
We do!
What can the American people who voted for you do? We feel helpless. We pray, send articles, videos, ect.Dems,Libs EVIL
@DerekHolloway9 Some will never be made to see, but, every day more eyes are opened!!
STOP doing daily Briefings with News MediaThey aren't worthy only use it to Bash Us. Why not have once a week Public Ask Questions instead
@realDonaldTrump We see it and we are as Pissed as you are.
We see it!  They treat us like we are a bunch of dummies!  We see thru this entire political scam to cover up for the fraudulent Obama admin
They cover it very accurately.
- The media wants to take you down President Trump, but we stand with you!!!
Stop lying.
The media is supposed to keep you on your toes and keep you honest. It doesn't seem to be working!
You can't bully everyone!
If only people of certain Family values can see what a traitor, con, fake, & coward you are..
True
FOR WHAT IT IS WORTH WE VOTED 4 YOU. I AM SORRY THEY ARE SO NASTY. WHEN STANDARDS ARE LOWERED SO IS ACCOUTIBLITY.MAGA
Prove everyone wrong!Release your taxes, support 'Special Prosecutor' to investigate Russia. Imagine you'll look great when nothings found.
We do see. We've got you. We are many, strong,  and with you!!
You are a danger to the American people
We see it and realize how ridiculous they have become.
Man up buttercup! This is not campaign season, get over it and do your job! Focus focus focus you and Russia aren't done destroying us.
45 follows a hurtful agenda for the country, for its people and the world and wonders why his popularity is falling???
No it's all true. Deflection, Distraction will get you nowhere. Americans figuring this all out with the help of the truthful PRESS.
Yeah, you're a real victim. #boohoo #worldssmallestviolin #rightsizeforyourhands
Your mental illness has given an incredible boost to the circulation of all Liberal publications.

The MSM is a joke! Biased as hell! Fake news that can never be trusted!
thank you Mr. President. Very proud to be American. Keep on doing a great Job!
how to make this happen???  New media outlet? You can figure out!
What we see is how viciously and inaccurately you treat the truth. #WeSeeYou Only #NotNormal
WE SEE  WHAT UR DOING AND ITS NOT 

NOR WILL EVER WORK..SO STEP DOWN

LOSING EVERYDAY IN EVERYWAY...LOSER
" I'm not a crook "   " I'm not a crook "
