NO! Follow the rules. We don't want a minority rule. 34% is a minority! In case u didn't know
There are far more important things going on in the world than your constant small-minded whingeing tweets - same old things all the time
Hey asshole, there was a terrorist attack in London today and this is what you choose to cover?
Yes, end the Filibuster rule.
It can be part time ended. Democrats like to use the majority rule like Popular Vote but Fili/60 rule ok if it helps them. Selfish trait.
With control of the House, Senat & WH, this impotent and weak president still can't get any major legislation done. Sad!
The democrats are still ticked off from the HUGE election loss.

Keep making America great, President Trump!
You're the most cunning President ever. I see where your going. I believe in you!
Haven't we seen this tweet before?
End DACA, send them all back home, and GIVE AMERICANS OUR JOBS BACK.
You going to be the first one in the fields picking vegetables? Get real!
Wow, racist much there Kstone??
How is that racist? It is a known fact that immigrants fill many hard labor jobs that Americans won't do. Nice try though.
Maybe more of our college kids and high school kids need to step up and learn that hard work is good for them.  Spoiled Americans.
What does this have to do with anything?!? You didn't grow up in a farming comm. HS students, and younger, in Midwest still do these things.
Stop whining. The GOP can't get 51 votes to pass their crappy legislation.
maybe the republicans should only propose ideas that at least 20% of democrats (aka over half of the american public) approve of 
Shut up.....go away......do something, just stop tweeting
You wouldn’t feel the same way if Dems were in power which is why it will stay 60
Cool
Democrats dealt with the same issue while Obama was president and yet Obama never asked to kill the filibuster. Get better policy!
Obama never cried on Twitter about it every other day either. He was a true President.
Republicans were huge obstructionists under Obama. Remember Merrick Garland? The Supreme Court nominee who never got a chance for a vote?
Remember all the government shutdowns from all those refusals to raise the debt ceilings? Yeah, that was the Republicans.
They just need 9 other Democratic and Independent votes to pass legislation. Perhaps stop proposing extreme stuff like Trumpcare Deathcare.
We need to Repeal and Replace the President of the United States.
America deserves better.
America deserves a real President. Not a bigoted, childish, white supremacist.
You can't get anything passed with majorities in both Senate and House. A change to 51 would not have saved any of your failed legislation.
This is, like, the easiest it gets.  A great deal maker like you should have no problem, right?
The assumption there is that the GOP Senate actually wants to pass legislation...
Hi, I'm an Asian. Can any U.S citizens mind impersonally told me about Mr.Trump the president of U.S. If I have any language problem, sorry.

It's been this way since 1975. Plenty of time has passed to change it. Why now?
Should be pointed out Democrats - and any legislation really - need 60 votes to ensure majority agree with it.
The founders believed in a simple majority as a super majority would lead to never ending gridlock
How many US President's have worked with this system and actually managed to get stuff done?
I'm guessing it's "quite a lot" in fact..."most of them" maybe?
Perhaps it's time to admit you are as shit being a President?
In truth multiple bankruptcies indicate you have not been all that good at business either...
this undermines democracy
Get used to it DJT! This is how it is done (or not).
We as a country deserve better than you.
Sure just as soon as you admit you're not capable of being president
I disagree
A true leader wouldn't have that problem.   #FakePresident
Oh my good god. Are we listening to this broken record again?
Check and balances . . just because you don't have them in your personal life doesn't mean government shouldn't have them #DimwittedPOTUS
why do you hate our country?
You will not get your way! Stop whining. Your an insignifigant little imp.
That rule has a purpose. Tell the dems and reps to work together!!
"ridiculousness filibuster rule" that has been how our government was established is not your problem. Republicans not supporting, PROBLEM.
Too bad that you can't bully the Senate like you bully others!
And that's how they like it!!! Screw the hurting Americans!! Thank you President Trump for working so hard!!!!

You need to learn may be Barrack can show you how it's done
OBAMA IS BETTER
this must be changed
You keep tweeting about this and they keep ignoring you. Why is that?
Mitch McConnell is a fool not to change a 60 vote rule that was never intended by our founding fathers! The Dems would do it in a heartbeat!
@SenateMajLdr McConnell won't change 60 vote rule bcuz doesn't back @POTUS and doesn't want agenda that We, The People, voted for 2 succeed
Actually, "we, the people" voted for someone else entirely.  Remember, Trump lost the popular vote.  By a lot.
by about the number of illegal votes as a matter of fact
there are articles suggesting this. but I'm just glad I happened to see your little comment. glad it pissed u off. go smoke another one and








GO NUCLEAR
What is your real plan for North korea
On its face, we need 2 keep it @ 60 2 keep 1 party fm complete control. However, t dems will do it in a skinny minute whn/if they get mjrty.
You KNOW the left would do it.
I agree in this then only 51votes will be needed to impeach you
Yes its called oversight in a democratic society #learnsomething
yeah dictatorship make sense lets do it....lol
You havent mentioned Hillary yet whats up with that?
Yeah, I'm starting to worry!
Republicans have prez, senate, house, 2/3 of guvs. But no plan except fuck with our lives. Leave us alone you #WhinyLittleBitch
#ListenToOurPresident #FreeTheSenate #KillTheFilibuster #GetBackTo51Votes are listening Mitch? @SenateMajLdr
Then when Dems get power like in 08 they'll undo everything you did!
With $22 million n his bank account @SenateMajLdr doesn't need 2 support America...he has the special interest groups 2 support. Term Limits
This is how America works. Founding fathers made it so. If you don't like #USA government LEAVE! And not just the WH, leave the USA!
It's a circus! $$ has to be at the root of it, hold outs for booty. I have NO confidence in the way things are on the hill, NONE Disgusts me
Those rules are there for a reason.  It's what make our government work
I completely agree! There's got to be a way!
That's not how gov't works. You will understand that when ur on the other side of the equation. Or not. Because ur not very bright.
You are supposed to be the best deal maker in the history of the mankind and can'tget democrats on board sad very sad
You prove your ignorance on a daily basis.
Just quit..you will never get how the government works 
stop whining
Mitch?
Can't get votes with a majority? So very pathetic. Needs to change the rules...ha!
Just to placate your oozing orange ass? Go dribble in the corner you Oozing Orange Pustule
That's what should have happened to electoral college which you would not have been elected.
In Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP WE CAN ALL TRUST !!!!
You can't just end something because you're losing. You did a good thing letting the kid mow the lawn...now don't be a boob.
So, if you're for the majority of 51, should be the way Senate should. Geez, it's funny, isn't it? Hillary beat you by 3 million votes, WIN
Holy crap is racist Donnie actually learning how the federal government works? You'd think that would be a prerequisite for the job of potus
There is a reason it exists. Learn and study our government's history.
U cant or should not change the law to suit u. Play by the rules
GOP will not always have majority, be careful what you do!
If we had a a vote count in the election based on voter numbers only not the electoral college you lost!
Wah
Grow up and do your job, its you that is the problem not the filibuster rule.
If the controlling party can't get 60 votes to pass anything then their is really something wrong with them.  Fillibuster Rulse stands!
Who cares
How's I'm the only one that can fix it working 4 u? Welcome to the Constitution!!
Nuclear now! How can u b so stupid?

Only 417 days til next election! I'll be checking any box on the ballot but yours unless u get busy!
Dems got rid of it & as reaction to it so should Republicans, it is time to get our agenda done @realDonaldTrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #DTS
#TrumpCare failed without a filibuster a-hole.
#MAGA #ImpeachTrump we need a real American for president. Not one who buys their way. #crookedTrump
Aren't you a deal maker? Make some damn deals!
Mr @realDonaldTrump Yr dept of justice @JeffSession is MIA on the most obvious crimes agnst the American People/Twit does nt allow list all
Checks and balances set in place for exactly someone illiterate like you. Russia doesn't have them, but you know nothing Mrs Putin
As #HeadPublicServant you must work within the rules that make the US government "for the people". Off you go Donald.
Oh filibuster rule is bad when it doesn't serve you. It was ok when used by GOP. get off the fence. We are focused.
With the ridiculous Electoral College in the USA, the peoples choice did not get elected, you did instead.
Tough when you can't insult and bully to get your way..so you want to change the rules? USA is not one of your companies. Checks & balances
Get the fuck over it.  The filibuster rule has always been there and is there for a reason.  The GOP loves using it too when it suits them.
ITS CALLED DEMOCRACY. GOOGLE IT.
You haven't even been able to get 51 votes in key legislation.
I think that the Electoral college is ridiculous and then we could get rid of you with the popular vote
Get rid of worthless mitch and paul. That will solve most of problems.
All other presidents have had to handle that challenge, why not you ?
Get Rid of it. See how they like us then.

Never. Going to happen.
@SpecialKMB1969 Fucking -swamp ! Ty -45 
NO BALLS AND CLOWN HAIR #RBuddDwyer
So... Senate rules should be changed to accomodate your needs and world view? Hmmm.
Whem you try to pass shit you shouldn't break the rules.  Try doing something worthwile
Think about it,if McConnell ended Filibuster rule he wouldn't have an excuse for his failure to garner the votes to support agenda & Nation!
“The only preventative measure one can take is to live irregularly.”
Only you would want to change the very core of our nation just to get your agenda passed. Majority Democrats. Speaking other side of mouth
That's definitely democracy 45 & something your on unfamiliar territory with. Remember you work for us now not visa/versa.
Great idea!! Then Congress only needs 51 votes to impeach you. Work on that.
It's bad enough that Trump conspired with the Russians to "win" the election but this is an attempt to completely destroy democracy.
Keep the senate in session and send the 100 federal judge nominations.  Only need 51 votes each. Dems delay federal judges to keep court lib
That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works. SAD that you still don't know this!
people like you that have bad ideas are the reason for the filibuster rule, come up with something worth passing!
Never going to happen and they already told you that, so get over it! NOT changing rules cause YOU are so hated no one wants to work with U!
Resign and get it over with
#STFU
It is not a ridiculous rule! It's there for a reason to stop people like you from ruining this great country
That's assuming the Republicans want to pass a conservative agenda. Right now they are showing that they do not wish to do so. Traitors.
Repeal and Replace congress!!!
We are working on getting the Dems out which should make things so much easier. Keep up the good work Sir.
You couldn't even get 51 votes for Trumpcare!
Take your pick of A or B...and shut up until you learn something about how American 3 branches of government function
Ridiculous Constitution in the USA, the rich should have complete control. Can't steal enough. END NOW!
Shut up.
Hmm. Trump is that sore losing bully from your childhood who would always change the rules of a game so he would win.
AGREED! Americans want to get things done now! We voted for you because we don't want the same old ways to continue, we are with you 100%
Personally; I think Mitch needs to go!
 #idiot @POTUS #FAILURE
I didnt hear you complaining when Republicans used it for 8 years.
Checks and balances! Get rid of the electoral college first! Shouldn't be president if u don't win the majority vote
WE NEED TO VOTE THOSE CROOKS OUT SO TRUMP CAN DO HIS JOB. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
If we voted the crooks out, tRump would be the first to go.
Republicans wevotedfor you to stick together do it now. 
Time to take a stand against DACA-fiancé attacked by DACAs had stroke is legal immigrant/citizen Trump voter had stroke partially paralyzed!
Really..did you feel that way when Democrats were in charge?
It is there for a reason don it prevents the minority from passing unjust legislation. The art of the deal. Read it use it maga
i love you
Don't end b/c sooner or later the shoe will be on the other foot. #verybadidea
Maybe you can't get the votes because your ideas suck.
POTUS... YOU DONT MAKE RULES FOR CONGRESS. 
You should have known how the government worked before you tried to run it!!  Man..  Do your research!!
Yes I agree
Yeah, damn the constitution!
Ride on
Why can't you get votes? I thought the GOP had everything sewed up?
You are a ridiculous tool. Does that count? 
If it were to your advantage you wouldn't be saying that it's ridiculous.
"Leaders" like you are the reason this rule exists. #readahistorybook
End it or end them in the next election.
So much for greatest deal maker ever.

Lol
Can't get the votes because the bills are not what the people want.  Quit trying to change "our history" to accommodate your agenda#impeach
you are ridiculous resign
The same thing you are smoking. Obama was the real deal, not this Troll
What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Wouldn't want Dems to only need 51 votes. I'd stick w/60.
Rethuglicans used the filibuster more during Obama than any administration before. Quit your bitchin' and work WITH Dems!
You're a ridiculously Russian traitor.
Liar
