This is the perspective of a wealthy man who couldn't care less if those fr whom he is responsible live, die or suffer in pain.
Just spoke to McCain, he says the shoe he shoved up your ass from his no vote Fri. a.m. can stay where it is. He'll keep the other for later
Time will tell what is in the best interests of American ppl.Just watch.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller will tell what is in the best interests of American people.
Patrick if you think someone in Congress is looking out for you you must be a snowflake
Never mentioned congress, pay attention. Snowflake ?, the language you use is queer.
Let it implode? Did you consider the people who would be hurt if that happens?
A good leader would have this taken care of by now. But you were too busy giving them childish nicknames...
And accusing their Dads of murdering JFK. And then you wonder why nobody respects you.
Then you get on Twitter and whine like a little girl. If your brain was as big as your ego you'd be a genius
You hire a pit bull to take care of the leakers ... A pit bull who has NEVER liked you.
Best of all you fire the wrong " leaker" ... So the joke's on you. But hey, you said more than once " I alone can fix everything "
45 is the leaker.
You must not have to pay insurance premiums or you'd know Obamacare caused premiums to skyrocket. Something needs to be changed!
Premiums have gone much higher for those people insured via work as well #ACA
Conjecture. Speculation. Premiums jumped 30% in my state in 1 year due to ACA.
It's also amazing how Trump voters have wiped their memory of what health insurance was like *before* the ACA - 30% jumps were not uncommon.
Plus, get cancer, hit the lifetime limit & find yourself forever uninsurable even if you have a job #ACA
Thank you to the 3 Republicans who had a heart!!!
#DrainTheSwamp
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT. STARTING FROM THE TOP
Offer the Congress the same health care plan as Obama care cancel it for
I remember when this Presidents narrative was "palace intrigue is Fake News"
More #alternativefacts from @realDonaldTrump ! @potus @WhiteHouse is his mess and the @gop had 7 years to have a smart plan - don't blame !

actually not what you said all along
What happened to all the promised winning? Remember how we were going to be sick of all that winning? #stillNoWinning
I can imagine!!!
Ugh. Why can't this guy just say "Hey, we tried, next time we'll work together & get something that helps all Americans." Because #Incapable
It's unfortunate that the prez plays the blame game
And they call us DEPLORABLE? RINOs are unconscionable! Healthcare is a privilege not a right. #pray4DJT who loves the AMERICAN WORKER.

Let the fault fall back to the initiators!
The only thing imploding is you because it is obvious to both democrats and republicans now that you do not have a clue what you are doing!
1 Presidunce & 49 Republicans don't care anything people of American. Care about the undoing of Obama's legacy due to ignorance & hate
Dear @realDonaldTrump what would you do if someone threatened your livelihood and family recklessly? Therefore, #PhukOff w/o respect sir!
So basically, anytime you don't get your way re: legislation, you'll sabotage? In effect, your treason is not limited to Russian collusion.
I believe 49 Republicans are supporting party over country. 1 President is letting the American   people down, bigly!
Thank God Millions Of People Did Not Lose Their ACA HealthCare Like Trump Wanted! PLUS,  $800 Billion IN Medicaid NOT CUT
Ur more concerned w/ "Obamacare" failing bc u hate Obama Ur letting ur emotions get in the way of making the right decision for the ppl smh
Amen
Also the one that stole billions of tax payers dollars.Stole money from Medicare to cover his OC subsidies. Lost millions of Amer. jobs w/OC
Yup..and no bailing them out when it does. OPEN Puchasing across state lines for people!!!!
Congress is a large part of the Swamp. Pull the god damn plug on that cesspool.
you're letting america down w/that effed up health bill you bang the drum so loudly for.  very ungodly.
Nah you did not say that at the beginning. You said it would be easy and everyone would be covered.
from what I am hearing, over 16 million were not let down. Stop rushing this, and let them work on reform properly.
Until you accomplish otherwise, it is the law of the land, which you swore an oath to support.  #RuleOfLaw
Healthcare should be non profit, anything else is a failure!
This is how the system is supposed to work. If half of us oppose you, congress will reflect that.
"Obamacare is imploding" is a statement just as true as Potus 45's inauguration had the largest crowds ever! #indivisible @KeithOlbermann

No, you let the people down.
1 Reality show phony businessman let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let this presidency implode. Watch!
Remember your speech that January day with the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration?  Didn't think so...here's a reminder.
Just spoke to McCain, he says the shoe he shoved up your ass from his no vote Fri. a.m. can stay where it is. He'll keep the other for later
Pharma is charging too much and advertising too much. Reform them too!!!
PUT ALL of Congress & familes on Obummercare and they will vote Repeal/Replace in 48 hours!
No they didnt let us down. They were standing up for will of their Constituents .Think you might rethink the imploding bs.
You seem to have errors in this tweet, anyways I fixed it. Looks much better if you ask me.
you may want to go back to attacking tv shows
Here's what he said from the beginning:
Let the individuals responsible for their own health care not the government
The market need COMPETITION!
Wow! He conned everyone saying he is the best negotiator but turn out he uses threats
The democrats are obstructing progress on health care trying to hold on to the Obama care nightmare just saying!!!
Okay, let people go without health care for an unspecified amount of time, then come up with an expensive plan! Of course some will die...
That will make your point,  won't it???
Lot's more efficient!
It appears at this point that is the only option. It's just quite telling that @lisamurkowski and @SenJohnMcCain voted in 2015 for repeal.
The #government has one role in #healthcare; to assure that every person saves enough of their own money to cover their own healthcare.
We agree. That's why @GOP should have kept their promise and repealed Obamacare.
Bob - like your creds. I was a Vietnam era corpsman, followed by a 40+ year IT career. Big fan of people who worked for a living!
Like yours, too. I was in the Gulf of Tonkin in 1975 on the Enterprise during the pull-out. I just retired in January from civ job.
Isn't retirement great. Every day is Saturday. I'm having fun investing for my grandkids, nieces & nephews futures! An account for each.
It is pretty cool. I am busy taking care of my mom who I moved in with my wife and me. I feel blessed that I am able to take care of her.
Pls don't give up until the affordable care act is repealed pls don't try to revise it.  Don't do anything beyond getting rid of completely
We hear you, Mr. President. Totally agree. If it has to be the hard way, we understand.
John McCain laughed and said lets see how great American will be now!Traitor always has been! I live in Az. better watch Jeff Flake too. Bad
Thank you from the bottom of my heart to the 3 reps and all the dems.  I don't feel let down in the least!!! Fight on!
We did watch. We watched the wack deal not pass bc per usual it's self serving. Good job to the 3 Reps and 48 Dems who did the right thing.
@realdonaldtrump. Listen POS, Only low intelligent bottom feeders support you. Take away healthcare, you take away your base. They will die
No, you let the American people down do not try to bully others, how dare they stand up for right??You r a total jerk & only care 4 yourself
I do not feel let down; No, Obamacare is not the answer, but neither is throwing the baby out with the bath water for politics
And You are letting All of America Down! You're Ritzy Trash! Putin owns You and Justice is very close to Impeaching your Orange Ass!
What you said from the beginning was, "It will be so easy." Gotta title for your new reality show: "Can't Make a Deal!"
We need an executive order foR term limits
That's not what u said at all. Do you think we don't remember? 'Repeal & replace on Day 1' 'I have a great healthcare plan. It's a secret'.
Grow up will you?
That's  (1) Republican, (2) Moderate Republicans, & (2) Independents alongside Dems. Can't wish away those Moderates & Independents. :)
Otherwise known as a MAJORITY of Senators. Sabotaging ACA is cheating & BAD for the American people. Do the RIGHT thing for US-not yourself.
This will be on you if you cut the legs out from under the ACA.  The people have spoken. Uphold our right to healthcare!
If you actively cause it to die more of us will actively cause your presidency to do the same.
That's exactly what I would do.  The libs bitched and complained. Now when you r trying to help they call u names.  Let it implode!
this doesn't seem like being let down to me
Moment outside the Capitol hearing #TrumpCare Failed
YOU have let us down.  I applaud and respect the integrity of those 3 Republicans.  I have no respect for you whatsoever.
American voters chose Trump, I chose Trump. Now give him a chance to get things done. The last guy screwed us all
I'm sorry you feel that way,, he didn't need all this.If he didn't care he wouldn't have ran for office
It's ALL disappointing, discouraging & well disgusting as heck!
When folks squeal Congress will act!
lets make this case first. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Are you POTUS or POTGOP? Reread ur position description. You NOW represent all of the people, not just the GOP. That's the job. Act like it.
Try not to sound so gleeful. This is not a game.
So you are ACTUALLY THREATENING TO SABOTAGE THE #ACA on Twitter? Wicked.
You would sign a bologna sandwich if they told you it was healthcare. YOU are the problem!!!!
When U promised us better #healthcare that would be less expensive & everyone would be covered u were full of crap, yes? #worstpresidentever
No, actually, YOU let the American people down - just about everyday - you hopeless deplorable.
Single payer system for all!
This is a violation of your oath.
Mr President please remove the penalty for people who don't have Insurance and make Congress have the same insurance. #MAGA
Of course, you're smarter than John McCain...
Hahaha all this bull s- religious tweet for a president who's a liar, a traitor, a sexual predetor, a P grabber and a fraud.. that's rich!
Count the good guys ...,there's not so many...!
But while it's imploding, I cant afford health insurance! Do something NOW!
Mentally unstable as usual.
Republicans spent 8 yrs complaining about ObamaCare, instead of developing a healthcare plan 2 replaceit.THEY DID NOTHING. It's not Ur fault
...Rally in Phoenix to dump John McCain, Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins & Lindsay Graham
Implodes only if you make it.  But you have never let scruples stand in you way of screwing the working class if it got you a tax break!
Very desperate psych out attempt ...... This isnt a sale! Its a country.....
9% of voters chose you to be the repug candidate. 18% of americans voted you in. so by your own standards you shouldnt be in office.

Oh, I guess your mother didn't had enough money to buy some folic acid when she was expecting you.
No, Trump, your corrupt and inept party still controls all three branches of government.
You're just bad at your job.
The best deal for America is your resignation or impeachment. #resignnow #ImpeachTrumpNow #yourefired #bipartisan #FakePresident
@MSNBC @CBSNews @NBCNews @CNN It's imploding b/c of YOU! It's all on YOU that prices are going up. Why are you purposely hurting Americans?
Tweets the fool who thinks premiums are $12. #MadKingDonald
I fear the Dems aka the dumbs are going to try to get you to do what they want!!  Please be aware of this and rise above it; use trickery
I think we're watching your White House implode right now!
Why can you NOT "let go" of "Obamacare", and just TRY to focus on doing something to actually help the American people!!
We the people would like same health care that Congress & Senate have!!!

So if Obamacare implodes, Hospitals won't have to take the victims of disease, violence, or accident if they don't have insurance?
#i_alone_cant_fix_nuthin #donnie_da_LOSER
#drumof let's world down daily
@realDonaldTrump Let me get this straight:The pres of my country wants my access to healthcare to "implode"? What did I ever do to you? Jeez
You are mistaken and I'll informed. Those that voted against the AHCA were the Patriots who placed the American people before party unlike U
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/891688012253462529 …
Thank you to the 3 Rep. and 48 Dems who protected the American people. YOU let Americans down, down a path of destruction YOU implode RESIGN
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats helped to keep health insurance  15+M Americans.  @realDonaldTrump and @HouseGOP had no plan, so they failed.
Trump steaks failed. Airline failed. University failed. Your presidency fails as well like everything else
Obamacare is law. You swore to uphold the law. Another lie from lying Donnie. Not to mention dereliction of sworn duty.
I expect better behavior from the leader of our country. Hoping for the worst case scenario because you didn't get your way? #smhTrump
Where gonna watch you implode if you keep this  up.
I am watching the actual race to see who implodes first - u or ObamaCare! My money on you so get on with it dikwad
WRONG!
WRONG!   They cared enough to help American's. No matter their wealth. You should tryi it , it's good for the sole.
I believe the constitution calls this dereliction of duty. Uphold & protect the law. OBAMACARE is the law. #impeachTRump
You see each vote only counts one time.  No electoral college to make some votes count more than others.  You have more to learn, still.
Impeach and replace @realDonaldTrump
51 patriots!!!! They will be rewarded for their good work come next election!   At least there is some common sense in congress. 
Senators who voted against are hero's. It is YOU who continues to let us down! Shame on you!
Mr. trump....it's really sad that you care so little for the people of this country...except, of course, for the fools who continue to hate
All inclusive health care for all children under 18 could be a good negotiable point. Ppl over 18 SHOULD be able to be included on parents.
Ain't bought that shit, ain't going too. Kudos Trump #MAGA
But, you know what? America needed YOU to appreciate how good we had it! Yea. You can fool all of the Trumpies all of the time, but, NO.
Word on the D.C. streets is, you're gettin' ready to go down. Bannon & Mooch are at odds & Melania is being investigated, as well.  #FAIL
#MAGA = $29M+ in missiles for Assad killing his citizens but letting our own die for a tax cut while we pay for your 43rd day at a golf club
Watch people get sick? Watch them suffer? Have you no idea what you are doing to actual human beings?
PP= President Pence!!! COMMING SOON!!! DISHONEST DONALD TRUMP AND THE TREASONOUS TRANSITION TEAM
Thing is, Don, "let Obamacare implode" is "letting the American people down" EVEN WORSE.  Your job is to protect, not remove our healthcare.
Dummy, people like a lot of the provisions of the ACA and they like having insurance so quit lying to yourself and work to improve it.
Do you understand your job, democracy or just in general have any self-awareness or even a shred of a fucking clue as to what is going on?
Get over it. ACA is here to stay. Hate for Obama should not dictate your politics
How sad you will take pleasure in millions losing insurance
If you can. Delete all the mandates & penalties.  8t would go down faster.
end the congress exemption
You're saying that your pride is more important than your constituents' well being. You would leave citizens hanging? #careless
Just fire the whole lot of them! Drain that swamp Mr. President. <3 Remember, God chose you, so go to Him first! Bless you!
you are sooooo sick and need urgent treatment. Obamacare is a perfect health program to give you mental care U need MOST

i design Tshirts N Caps any design That u wnt  
Cellphone+27 62 060 3673 Plz RT
You are responsible foe implosion of the ACA and any associated suffering.  You are not a man, you are a coward. LOTUS!
Do you public ally announce you want your healthcare system to fail?
McCain is a traitor and needs to be fired before he can retire laughing!
YOUR stupidity is astounding...YOUR "Good Brain" is small. Hands too. #IMPEACH #IMPRISON #FAKEPOTUS
You let America down. You told them you'd lower premiums and everyone would be covered. Bullshit! You're a conman ... Your base sees it now.
BOOM .some people say arrests in trump/Russia investigation will begin within the next 2 weeks Top level arrests will begin soon after .NICE
The Dems actually blame Pres for Obamacare failure knowing it was failing b4. It takes a lot of stupid to even say that.
Implode? You and the rest of the GOP have been sabotaging it. For example
Full of crap Trump the dunce
You poor, disillusioned simpleton. God bless America and these heroes trying to protect those less fortunate.
you really need to see a psychiatrist and get some help. Perhaps a little Obammycare will fix you up.
what's Next?
This is my son playing, I LOVE THE WAY YOU LIE (self-taught just 4 fun hobby). I dedicate this to both D & R Congress who lie.  #TermLimits
Candidate Trump said everyone covered, premiums down, deductibles down. None of these in new bill. So who exactly let the American ppl down?
Pathetic! If this congress were in the private sector, they would all have been fired!
You own th massive GOP loss & if ACA implodes it will be at ur hand. You will also own that loss. Not surprising since you are massive loser
Do you read what you write? 3 (three) repubs were needed to win. Then wouldnt have mattered if dems voted. Try to proof read before tweeting
Only ONE person has truly let the nation down. Grand Jury Indictments very likely! Go NY AG!
#termlimits
Is this an actual statistic?
Agreed,but your impulsive unfiltered responses don't help. Focus on what you can acomplish. Tit for tat hurts you and US. They set you up.
No one set up DT, a racist, lascivious, conniving, greedy, misogynistic,  malignant narcissist and sexual predator / who'd prefer 2 be king.
What Trump actually said from the beginning was that he had a bill ready which would give better healthcare and lower premiums. He lied
You swore an oath to take care of the citizens of the U.S. and uphold our laws. Allowing the lawful ACA to fail is abdicating your duty.
You're sworn to protect U.S. legislation, not let it implode. What kind of a president are you?
hey president loco u probably shouldnt be tweeting milatary actions on Twitter ,chill Ur grill today
Hi asshole
thanks Donald because of you my health insurance doubled. I am a retired postal worker and can not afford to have it cost that much. I have to choose between ins and food
So much winning
