https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1568736029856269&substory_index=0&id=606804886049393 …
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA https://...
Thank you President Trump
☆ A great speak from a president of the United States, let us pray God bless America Today 
#U-BUM


You mean the young men and women that didn't dodge the draft 5 times right?  #TrumpResign
The Military has no respect for a FIVE TIME DRAFT DODGER. GET REAL!
I bet you liked Bill Clinton though...
Grow up you probably weren't old enough to get drafted. Unfortunately 
Thank you, President Trump, for your LOVE and SUPPORT for our military men and women.  God Bless America!
Coming from a 5 time draft dodger your remarks are hollow.  They do their duty to our country---certainly not to the traitor in chief.
It called a legal deferment. Many men received deferments from service in Vietnam.

You mean Obama of course?
Remind me what did Obama do in the military again?

Good talking
Keep up the good work.
Let's thank them better
 Raise their pay.
How many times do you speak in uni?
現在亞洲各國 都不再尊敬美國了 因為 美國只是嘴巴說說 再也不肯為 自由 民主 奮鬥
Thank you for the support of our troops and the young women and men of this country appreciate you. #proudarmymom
You look disingenuous! Might wanna take some acting classes!
First get rid of juan williams. Trump is my hero
Semper Fi.
EXCELLENT  PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP !
Except for the transgendered folks, right Donald?
Can the state afford to make the sacrifice? 
Is America willing to commit the required troop levels and make the sacrifice.
politics by any other means should and always will be;
Can the nation and state afford to make the coming sacrifice?
The question of the day at the forefront of all pertinent foreign policy by which the state practices
If sound reason does not prevail in the geopolitical arena, there will be war
In other news Mr. Trump is being maneuvered into a corner
Thankfully, your temporary bone spurs didn't reoccur to prevent you from promoting yourself. #Nutlesspieceofshit
YOUR DOING A GREAT SERVICE TO OUR FIGHTING MEN AND WOMEN WHO WE ALL CHERISH SIR THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT
Never heard that from Obama!
including the transgender!!

Pakistan needs funds from IMF / World Bank or other financial agency to avoid defaulting. Squeeze them & block it till they change course
@FoxNews @ShepNewsTeam @foxandfriends @HuntsmanAbby @PressSec @WhiteHouse @POTUS
In a big "F*ck You" to Trump, Mattis freezes transgender policy; allows troops to continue serving, pending study. http://amp.usatoday.com/story/614711001/ …
Theres No winning in this war Donny, it'll swallow you like quicksand.
Beautiful words ! God bless our president !
Git R Done! (Old phrase but to me it still STANDS!) 
This is A #GREAT POTUS. any1 that denies this is #RACIST ANY1 CLAIMING HE IS RACIST IS OBVIOUSLY #RACIST
Thank u to all except Trans? Transgender out of military, why? Trans medical estimate 8.4 mil--yr trips to Mara-L & NJ golf already 29 mil!
My dog is smarter than most of the people I read on here...
Wa e a ease

Except LGBT troops which history proves there has always been gay and trans troops just not always out! Some are the bravest of all
Tanx to you @POTUS TRUMP! Keep serving d ppl by firing down on all cylinders n at full throttle. D minority can no longer fool d majority!
Yes INCLUDING transgendered military.
And even when the world vomits  on your every word you keep fighting the good fight. . 
If that's not a great POTUS I don't know what is.
#Taliban hold 40pc of #Afghanistan 
Still u think haqqani net needs #Pakistan hideouts?
Or u need #PakArmy for mining afg minerals ?? :-)
AMEN!!! 
:  )
Do you thank the transgender men and women too?
when you mean 'every member' do you include transgender soldiers who fight for their country too?
Thank you Mr. President, May God bless you and our troops.
Yeah yeah yeah...Thoughts and prayers don't pay the bills, ensure insurance is accessible, or buy a home. Go shit in a hat, dude.
DRAFT DODGER!!!!!
What is Haqani network? Who invited Jalal Uddin Haqqani to White House - who led the war against USSR -creat the Taliban & let's blame Pak.
What is Haqani network? Who invited Jalal Uddin Haqqani to White House - who led the war against USSR -creat the Taliban & let's blame Pak.
You mean as long as you aren't transgendered, right?
Unless of course they are transgender. No thanks or honor for them. You R A hypocrite.
I thought you promised to get us out of Afghanistan. Are you staying for oil and heroin special interests.
Good job President Chump. Let them know they are cared for before you get them all killed in the name of freedom, or Trump is it?
Yes & that includes the transgenders of which u hate so much & gays. Ur such a bigot!
Every member?? Even the transgender members?? Are you sure?  Liar!  Nazi!!
Do you really mean everyone???? I think not.
You're welcome
The hypocrisy of you words are shameful...we honor our transgender soldiers... who do you honor?
Even the transgendered?
Thank you!!
You forgot to add, except if you are transgender, then get out, right?  #LiarInChief #hate #bigotinchief
Memorial Day Amazing Grace Bagpipes
Not fit to run a village never mind a country
Except for transgender people
" my son lives in fort Myers; thank you President Trump #1",
"Except the transgendered, you are banned"
What a dick. #fakepresident #theyareallheroes
Does this include our Transgender Warriors too??
Unless they're transgender right?
I wish you actually cared about us veterans. But I feel you care more about yourself. Sad!
Except the trans serving. When are your sons going to heed the call, you coward?
Apparently not the Transgender ones.
Does that include the LGBTQ COMMUNITY?
Donald You support our military men and women except if they're transgender!!!! Shame on you!!!!
Trump is an idiot
Yes brave possibly, totally unlike you, draft dodging coward
Draft dodging coward
Glad bless them all....even transgender.
Nice talk from a draft dodger.
Including every transgender person who earned their place to serve. Why are you so hateful to them Donnie?
Every member? Does that include the transgenders that you are trying to stop from serving their country?
May God lead our president
Actually Donald Trump nobody really has a choice but to listen to your b******* sorry to bust your bubble!!
This is not anyone's fault but Obama,s because he had cut the Military,s budget and left Ships improvements slack for money.
very excellent speech!!!  you should be commended :)
Oh are those all the military leaders who fight for our country? Hmmmm...interesting. Too bad your trying to ban a SMALL percentage of them
"...unless you are a transgendered person, of course."
USS John McPain.
Trump you are like Pharoah and GOD will deliver   his people from you, and you will know the wrath of GOD. You are not GOD.
Trump you ard the devil and only GOD can deliver this country from your evilness.
Thank you for being our President
You ommitted "unless you are or were POW. I don't like people that get captured"
Shut up... we dont like you
Unless of course they are transexual, right?  The great uniter. Yeah, right.
Seriously, do u not have one single ounce of integrity or piece of a conscience? Answer:Nope! Ur so awful even other sociopaths are ashamed
Watching Hannity can't believe how much Trump has done despite both parties pulling against him.
Thank you, Mr. President you are awesome! The country needs your leadership. God bless you and your family!
Why are you planning to Take Mineral Rights in Afghanistan one of the poorest countries in the World. Did you actually DISCUSS with Generals

Well, not EVERY one #ManureMeter
You only pray for yourself.
#FakePresident #FireTrump #YouAreFired

If you care about disruption in the Military address the ridiculous amount of sex crimes & harassment against women. #LGBT isn't the problem
How nice of U 2thank them.  Should put Donald Jr., Eric, Ivanka & Jared in the ranks 2 help them in Afghanistan.  #fakepresident #POTUS #GOP
So are you including those transgender troops or do they not count stop this plan to stop transgender troops
Unless of course you're transgender. The lies from this one are almost unfathomable. Contradictory at every tweet. History will not be kind.
Tu perra madre Trump
Why are you banning patriotic transgender troops who also deserve to be admired and respected for their service?
Our valiant men and women serving in our Military are to be honored and THANKED FOR EVERY MINUTE OF SERVICE!!!!
Trump, please resign! O
5x draft dodger.  You don't deserve to lick the boots of trans servicepeople.
but not the transgender ones though right?? #humanrights #EqualityforAll #diveristy #heroes #Resist #crookedtrump #anotherlie
As long as they're not transgender or gay huh orange boy
Why didn't you serve
My Prayer's and Thoughts  Go Out To All Of You, God Bless You All, Many Blessing's To All The Family's and Friend's of The Fallen.
* except for transgender
Our military folks are THE best!!!
How are those bone spurs that kept you out of Vietnam? You should receive Medal of Honor & Purple Heart for playing golf with them.
Well, not every member, right?  Not the transgender members that support our country at home and abroad. Not them.
Remember Ms Pissed Off Face, those reporters don't work for you, you work for  them. They don't need you. Ask questions before you come out.
Thanks HEROES OUR TRUE HEROES ARMED SERVICES & LAW ENFORCEMENT
per your actions mean u are not a leader

Transgender troops too?
You could have been one of them. I was. Guess your foot hurt too much.
haha coming from a draft dodger that's trying to kick out transgender people. his words are empty, sort of like his skull.
Except the transgendered ones though. Right Donny?
What about the transgender men and women in the military that your discriminating against?  The fought just as hard!  Get over yourself!!
You mean except transgender military? Fool!
Donald in negotiations - contractual processes to secure a 4x120 mile vein of Gold 4 You setting a USA Economic Gold Historical Standard
Except to the transgender SOLDIERS. THEY DONT COUNT. U trump are a fake president.
Samuel Johnson had it right: Patriotism is the last resort of a scoundrel.
Maybe i'll try to chain the door at bad bank.  No sherrif no FBI just a girl behind the door
My friend is Josh Rakestraw if you want to let him know to be expecting us
If thats okay I know you have to protect stuff too
there are going to be an easy solution but you make it so hard on me.  my friend will introduce me to your friend
There still is an easy solution sir just need me to be sheriff in Wichita Ks
Thank you so much president Trump
Mike Pence is original albert pike bad guy i have told you my story please listen
