please don't refer to yourself in the third person.
More #Loyalty praise for GOP candidates #Comey
You begger! You called and wrote to all central committee members asking to vote for her!
#DumpTrump #NotMyPresident
don't be one of the worst presidents of our time
Too late
haha I know
you're such a vindictive SOB. Kasich is 10x the man you could ever be. Let us all pray that he'll run against you in 2O20!!
nothing he does surprises me He's exactly who I thought he was. What I can't believe is how fools defend him
it won't change. They're too stupid. They like that he's just like them, ignorant, brash and bigoted.
How deplorable she must be. Is @janemurp  a traitor to America as well? Just when you think Ohio @ohiogop couldn't be viler
MIC DROP END OF DICUSSION PURGE ISLAM NOW What https://twitter.com/StopStopHillary/status/815310936852615168 …
I gave Obama a Blow Job While he was Smoking Crack https://youtu.be/0PjkEPWUY_s  via @YouTube
you're such a laughing stock among half the people. Half people love you, half of people hate you.
Hun, it's not split. MORE than half the country HATES him n he knows it. Its killing him, hence all the tirades
.@realDonaldTrump you mean a loyal citizen of Russia then
What's your response?


.@realDonaldTrump Oh, Donald, your praise doesn't always have to be so hostile to others. Remember: Bring people together. No third person.
I'm glad God created the universe that made this.
Alright. $10.
I wonder why someone has to support you before you have a nice thing to say about them.  Very classless of you, Donnie.
congrats Jane
Yes, comrade. Jane is a devout member of the Communist party aka Trump supporter
I thought you didn't believe outsiders intefered in elections.
shut up!
refilling the swamp with more trash. Youre on a roll Donnie boy
Thirteen days to inauguration, and you're all about the inside baseball. Got a minute for the Ethics Office?
can't wait fr u to be President
Yuk
you mean a suckup sycophant whos going to fall with you when you implode
#investigatetrump
You colluded with Russia to win an election. Traitor.
Your not smart enough to understand.
*You're, smartass.
Well a tleast your up this morning.
*you're
Kissing your ass is the only qualification that matters. Right, @MittRomney?
good enough for Mr #Trump !! Good enough for me congratulations Jane
Hillary is better

there's photos like that of everyone including the Pope. Does it make the Pope look bad?
are there videos of the pope laughing about killing Gaddafi?
moving the goal post. You mocked her for picking her nose. Everyone does it.
You, Donald Trump, just based someone's worth on being a "loyal Trump supporter." Do you understand how you sound?
For all those who came to complain or is upset with his text. Please take one.
CONGRATULATIONS! NOW HOW ABOUT FOCUSING ON OUR COUNTRY???
What do you think he's been doing?
He's been going to Congress asking for Us Americans to pay for the Wall using our Taxes.

and you're a snoopy fan!





I think the crazy lefties are
gonna blame #EstebanSantiago
on Putin & RT by tomorrow
STAY TUNED! #RussianHackingHoax
Obama is building a wall around his rental home in Washington to keep the deplorables out.
out with the old, in with the new! #draintheswamp
out with the old in with the new #industrializedsizedswamp #megadonorswamp #swampierswamp 
#bottomlessswamp
that was Obama lol..
Why haven't you released your tax returns yet?  You said you would if elected!
"What difference would it make at this point?"
@HarishC60347066 jai Shri Ram.. ....
no
yes Don. Why the rush without proper vetting? U think ur "news conference" will divert attention from the hearings? Hardly!
congrats on your staff & nominees dodging all Office of Governmental Ethics calls & requests!
yea, probably even has A phony birth certificate and forged college papers too.
barracks I think he means..jus sayin

you live there? So sad
You missed the joke. It's fine.
you're not even Potus yet and your tweets have me like #yawn
it's because he is already doing more then Obama did in eight years...
oh look it's fantasy night on twitter.
every night is fantasy night on twitter while trump is president
Nope it's real in 2 weeks..... did u seee that Dow!! 20k!!!!
you think Trump did that all by his widdle self. fantasy night is fun.
No all the votes he got won
If she's a "star" does she grab ppl by the pussy too?
Probably because she associates herself with actual human beings.
Being sexually assaulted is not something most women have on their bucket list sweetie.
I am sure if you took at least one hand off your own cock for a second you'd make more sense
Heil Trump looks like the new world order is shaping up nice, Putin must be so pleased.
Clintons and Soros was in charge of the NWO.Can't wait until DJT overhauls the education system=great need 4 libs.
and now we will be adding Russian to our preschool prerequisite
Have no problem with Russians.I have a couple friends,Cold Wars over.Libs are not tolerant.Libs are short sighted.
The guy with multiple divorces now wants us to trust him to have "good relationships"
what does that have to do with anything  get over it your party lost and judging the last 8 year thank god
- the last eight years?  You should be thanking God for the last eight years
why do you think Russia and others are being bad we have week leadership it's no only jobs
- Russia hacked our govt to help Trump. That would tell me that we currently DON'T have...
no votes were changed all they did is let us know how evil your canidate really is
... still the one in court and she hasn't been once. Hmmm???
all that foundation money found a new pocket to live in lol
*congratulations
No, he's giving her only one & keeping the rest for himself 

@tonyposnanski @realDonaldTrump
So greedy!
Or true narcissist 

@tonyposnanski @realDonaldTrump
Or proper English, but hey, look who's grading
It's ridiculous how much he struggles with English @realDomoldTrump 

@tonyposnanski @realDonaldTrump
Educate yourself, then judge
https://www.usingenglish.com/forum/threads/150276-congratulation-or-congratulations …
The proper use in this case should be "Congratulations to..."
.@realDonaldTrump well that and trump personally interfered in that decision by taking time out of his schedule to bother Ohio republicans
you mean by doing everything he can to save our country from disastrous liberal policies and ideology????
even within his own party? How'd you figure that?
by stopping the influx of illegals,by showing real care for the citizens, by bringing back jobs
Anything Trump says you would be wise to put your money on 'False.' He's a walking talking LIE
he has done more since Nov. 8th to improve life in America than Obama did in 8 years
For example?
You know he wants to know so let's find out: do you think Trump will make the best president ever?
I said absolutely yes, only because I think he can repair the damage a bit.
I appreciate you voting and your honesty! I've never done a poll before but I want to do 1 a day for a while…
I think that's a great idea! :)

why aren't you allowing your cabinet nominees to get their proper vetting?
Washington Post? Fake news.
"I don't like it therefore, it must be fake." Washpo is decent.
Because his cabinet is full of Russian conflicts.
I bet you were a huge fan of Obama with Hillary and the "rest with Russia" button though.
Aaaaaand, pivot.
I know buuuuuuuut Bush.
Yes. We heard "but Bush for 7 years after Bush". They leave out Congressional Makeup
And you're a thin-skinned vindictive asswipe while she's a sycophant. You will fall Donald & it will be sweet!
enjoy the next 8 years being angry.
Even if it is 8, better to be angry for righteous cause than the bigoted filled hatred you had the last 8 years eh cupcake?
cute.  Project much. Your side owns the hate
Oh cupcake who trolled my TL, your very tweet is the very definition of projection. Shouldn't use words you don't understand
I think you should go get something for those cramps.

WHO'S PAYING FOR THE WALL?
Mexico
Mexic
Mexi
Mex
Me
rather pay for the wall than someone's abortion
tax payer dollars can't be used for abortion.
also, grammar tip: 'loyal Trump supporter' and 'star' never belong in the same sentence. (See: your inauguration ceremony.)
@nopenevernotno @realDonaldTrump  http://www.alternet.org/election-2016/least-50-trump-electors-were-illegitimately-seated-electoral-college-members … #IllegitimateElection
, hmmm...not a fan of Matt Borges?? #sorewinner
I love how in congratulating someone he includes himself, you are an egotistical POS and worst POTUSE ever. Thanks dummies!
... Congratulations From Trump Team in Rome GA...We cannot wait until January 20th 2017!!!
that means she has the IQ of a knat
shadup
Stop calling out your supporters like your cool. Half the country don't care and the other half now know who to stay away from
a star?! This isn't your moronic television show.
These babies have already been brainwashed by socialism, many while in college, Time they get a real education.
You said you know things others don't about hacking.  What did you know and when did you know it?

Can't you even congratulate someone without saying, "Look at me"?
ah yes. Loyalty must be rewarded.
So glad that you helped her. We need to get rid of Kasich.
and a delusional cum receptacle.
do you not have more important things to do than tweet all the time?
thanks! For trying to make the world a better place and the wall thebsi for every thing

So sad for her.
It's important to be frugal. Only direct skin on skin, vagina to tiny hand high-fives warrant plural congratulation(s).
*congratulationS sooooo close
Not a loyal republican platform supporter, but Trump supporter? Branding the Presidency even before being sworn in? Tsk...
Jane IQ must be 79 (learning disabled) that is the average 4 supporters
Trump supporter is the snowflake way of saying racist.
It's all over the news that you bullied Ohio GOP to make this choice.
yah!
MAYBE OHIO IS DOING BETTER~~~~~~~WHAT IS JOHN DOING
and stupid
Japan is the war criminal country. 
Japan can apologize.
and being another female that probably didnt say anything when her crotch got grabbed n kissed makes her  trustworthy..
CROOKED CHUMP WHERE ARE YOUR TAXES ?
good for Jane. Ohio is so important in many ways. My brother lives in Cincinnati!
Thank you for supporting Ohio! Kasich will not survive another run as governor.
thank you Jesus
I'm @realDonaldTrump and referring to myself in the third person is one of my favorite hobbies. Make Narcissism Great Again.
Awesomeness, and Bigly
#ShutTheFuckUpDonny
is this the race you rigged?
من الممكن ان تكون رجل القرن 21  بلا منافس اذا قمت بحل القضية الفلسطينية و محاربة الارهاب و منع اسلحة الدمار الشامل
You mean that she's a loyal subject, your Majesty?
God help Ohio.
I'm sure she is dis you grab her by the pussy
because you interfered w a grudge.
I love how you always refer to yourself in third person. Speaks volumes.
Your crazy Take No Prisoners mentality of Revenge is showing! @JohnKasich was the GOP Candidate who would have compromised!
somehow your emphasis on "loyalty" is chilling.
Never heard of her.
and if she wasn't a trump supporter, would you still speak highly of her?
congratulations Jane and again to Trump. I hope you all the best wishes to take America and make it the way I knew it 2 be
cuz if she didn't support u, it would have resulted with her not being a , keep sucking up
Congratulations, plural you cheap twit.
Where are your tax returns?
You should have let Charlie Brotman do the inauguration, probably his last. That's a terrible thing to do.
Would you sing her praises if she wasn't one of your supporters?
But she wouldn't be a star if she didn't like you, right? You are a think skinned biased, bigot and the majority hates you!
he didn't vote himself is people's vote for him. Let him take the office then you guys starting to talk. You guys can't cha
you are an asshole
well that's her downfall then right. Trump pushing Republicans to be Democraticss since 2016
@FemalesForTrump 

Another win for 45th POTUS-DJT.

Another win for We the People.

Thank you to OHIO Republican Voters!
America into the shitter Part 597!
The House Intelligence Committee needs to subpoena your tax returns. Russian ties are a threat to our national security.
Trump agrees to show his tax return.  It's the short form, much like his...
the Don only congrats his loyal followers...sad
We are in charge now!!!
She's just another Trump sucker, Don. She will be singing Romney's tunes in three months.
Remember that Biafrans love u and they voted for u. Pls help us exercise our rights to self-determination. #freeBiafra
star she glows
it's Trump Time
the last one was a racist.
Me Me Me My My My I I I...... #GrowUpDonald
ALLWHO ARE AGAINST YOU ARE YOUR ENEMIES, ALL FOR YOU ARE STARS? Fascism.@JoyAnnReid @DavidCornDC @Lawrence @chrislhayes
that does not say alot about her....
you realize when you say shit like "loyal" it's another way to say brainwashed or not thinking for self? It harkens to Nazi
we Americans reject white supremacists trump
日本の隆盛
Reason enuff to not like her.
Another parasite
i like u mr trump do the best to the united states
What insulting names will you call her the first time she disagrees with you? #Unhinged

Kochs, House, and Trump gut voting rights, internet freedom, and clean air with a single bill http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/1/6/1617638/-House-Republicans-move-to-strip-regulatory-power-from-the-executive-branch …
trey gowdy joe arpagio they know the real big lie tell them what you need to do th put this lier in jail NOW DON'T WAY FOR.
special congratulations Jane
I guess she's corrupt too
good. Now bring back the bust of Winston Churchill to Washington. A good sign of friendship with Great Britain.
She's part of one of the wealthiest families in the country. It's not really an underdog story. #notmypresident
supporter? ok.   Star?  no way jose
another a trump cult follower!
Do not allow these Muslims in our military to wear beards and turbines! We should not bow to this hateful death cult of Islam!
You are in fact have a worse prez rating coming in than bush 2 going out,  the irony of it all!
just grab them by the Party Chair :) no pun intended. Muhahahah 
We Americans are getting really worried over the take overs of our country, we don't want what happened to France,to be us.


PLEASE stand by Israel & straighten out MESS Obama made of our relationship with them. Always our GREAT ALLY.
She is your personal jock strap?
If a peanut farmer, actor or community activist can have the opportunity to become President, why not a business man.
the category "business man" isn't what makes @realDonaldTrump illegitimate.
Sometimes not saying anything is the best answer, so please tell me something I don't already know.
@Rockprincess818 Heads up.  Soros and Moore!  Traitors!
BULL
U only like it when they are Trump supporters and a star. Not a very good start.
this man is made and paid by Putin, we will be showing passports at every state line soon..
major upset or was fraud involved  if we use your logic
Sir, this Vet is very interested as to when we will see the VA issue cleared up
Is it EVER, not about YOU?
did you get Vlad to help her win????
who is hurting this old man. Who really typed this. Insane.
only loyalists, huh? This ain't gonna end well.
are we defined as those who support Trump & those that don't? How about loyal American?
And a "star" is what we want our leaders to be in our land of #infomercials, #RealityTV and #fakenews.
