Yes we will, Mr. President. I wish you and your family a very Happy New Year.


You love your commas, don't you? #IAmLikeReallySmart
Great big mess 

Your fired
Can't wait!  My 16 yr old sone will be @TrumpInaugural !!  He is pumped!  Wish I could be there too!
Two days after calling half of America his enemies, he is back on togetherness. Does the Donald have memory problems?
You said that already..HOW ya gonna DO it? Truth telling a great place 2 start! Know how?
can't wait!! Exciting times. May God Bless you and your family!!
What's this about?
Will you bring a cat to the White House??
Go away
America has been great for the last 8 years.  #resign or #impeach your choice
do it Mr President!!!!

http://www.gofundme.com/2e7a5dqs 
Donald J, can you explain what you mean when you say that
#minoritypresident
** Sir, you need to have someone watch your feed here 24/7 in case you get hacked **
Too late. It already is. #notmypresident
when is your press conference? we have some questions
Philippians 4:23
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Another excellent tweet Don! How does it feel to be an alleged rapist?
hope so
Start by building that wall and
cleaning the stench of Obama's executive orders.  Then spank California for its gun grab.
YAWN ... Time to pony up and see what you've got. I doubt it's anything other than trouble. No ideas but a tired out slogan
How? By revoking reproductive rights of women, health care for 30 million ppl, our Social Security & Medicare? Nuclear war?
Yes we will! We thank you & we pray for you. #MAGA
's ideas are that regressive, he may as well bring back slaves and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Political slaves to Welfare reside in Dem run cities like Baltimore, Chicago, etc.
Happy New Year, President Trump! 
I am so thankful to be starting 2018 with a leader like you who has courage, wisdom, and common sense.
Thank you for keeping your promises. 
I pray for you and your family every day.
#MAGA #Trump2020
Yes we will Mr. President!  Happy New Year! 

And a biggly HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
We have great strength togther.

.@realDonaldTrump Sweetie, for the new year, maybe it's time to drop the campaign slogan WHILE you're Presidenting. Most people do!
Triggered over a 4 word slogan.  Sad!
Triggered is a term used by weak people who are not able to discuss/debate opposing opinions.
Even your American enemies?
yes he included them in his message.
You sure Mama P? Or are you just talking for him?
I guess you missed his New Years tweet?
The one where he hates American enemies? I saw. But like Trump you have selective memory.
except he didn't say that. Show me that specific tweet Tony?  This is also why you guys lost. You're liars.
The fact you said "you guys" and not unite shows you are just as bad. Have a blessed day.
nice try. you guys as in Democrats. Are you saying you're not Democrats now?
So Donald, if America is not great, when was America great? Be specific.

And Melania will make it beautiful again.
RT @ianbremmer
Amen. May God BLESS YOU, and your FAMILY. Keep you in Prayer.
Donald has inspired a movement of stupidity the likes of which we've never before seen. http://politicaledu.org/index.php/2016/05/20/donald-trump-is-stupid/ ….
America already is great. Your job is not to ruin things.

never forget
that was discredited so long ago....
still on video though?
still #Unqualified
What is your favorite fruit? Mine is impeach. Hopefully you can have some after Jan 20th.
if this is the height of leftist wit, trump is in for some YUUUUUGE victories
http://money.cnn.com/2016/12/22/news/companies/trump-foreign-workers/ …
that's by @CNN so yeah it not a reliable source
How is CNN not a reliable source? What specifically in that article is not correct?
CNN is just as much of a reliable source as fox news
that's what I was saying neather one is reliable
Do you mean together with Putin?
He just mistyped Russia.
Trumps got many faults one is he's 70 coming up 13 year old juvenile and he's a dunce
and thats why he is smarter and richer than you. Doesn't say much for you does it.
yep thats why he has money
I guess smart is measured by how much money you have.
And, of course, it helps to keep saying "I'm very smart".
America has always been great — for a small number of parasites (like you) who unjustly possess vital assets and resources.
unjustly, is that because he has more money than you.  Or because he works harder than you.
Unjustly because, like other capitalists, he is a parasite living off the rest of society.
So, you have no real answers then.
Look how capitalism operates. Then you will see why minority ownership of assets must end. http://www.worldsocialism.org/spgb/what-capitalism …
look how communism operates lol
seriously, you want communism?
You're doing a bang up job, so far, sir. You've helped yourself and the rich, while killing people in the middle East. Keep vacationing.
I just got a Tax cut! Obama’s 8 years of war was a health tonic for the Middle East???
It is already great donald. Ever since u came to center stage, u've made us less safe, less respected&angered allies & foes
@TrumpMov by together you obviously imply white and wealthy with no ethics.
America has always been great and always will be! Will be even better once your ass is removed from office!
America has always been great
America will become far greater if you leave it.
America already IS great!
Can we get the names of The 74 in the Vietnam Memorial Wall in DC? 45yrs is too long to be denied.
This is the way to Keep America Great, Under the dump, America hates
I just want to see if I can do .., anyway good luck President ...
AMEN !!
Faux Leather place mat gift idea. Available at Amazon, Link: http://bit.ly/galaxybrown   #giftideas #placemat #leatherplacemat
so excitedf for the future.  So thankful God gave us you. Praying for you every day without fail.
I can't wait until Jan. 20th. You represent productive citizens, proud ones. Get sorry folks off the dole.
your definition comes at the cost of too many Americans. (13 million children will lose insurance when you repeal ACA.)
you can't spell - it's GRATE
What WE need is not just America being Great but Australia & EVER other country to participate & be Great also
what the fuck does this 'great' bullshit mean?
Err...white again?
it was black first - well brown anyway
What was Black first?
trhis continent,as far as human settlement is concerned
&...
so much for any ethics in your swamp, get a hold on your GOPs. Really that's the first secret vote what next
no you won't!
do it yourself.
A new video raises questions about President-elect Donald Trump's relationship with Joseph "Joey No Socks" Cinque

America or EU???
Pray tell, how can you "Make America Great Again" when you surround yourself with the worst of the worst?

We know what you did. It will all come to the surface. Show your tax returns if you are not too big a coward.
STFUP,America Is Already great!!! I wish u have a miserable yr!!!
Mr. Trump please do not forget the Wall!
VPE outside TT this morning, dancing around Qs. Every answer was MAGA. Remember slogans have short shelf life
My 4YO g-son is also the one who whenever he sees a pic of you says "that's not normal hair". He's 4 and he knows it-why don't you? #Drumpf
Americans will pay for terrorist to make money selling us oil and using that money to hurt us and Israel. The economy is...
you make me sick. #TheResistance A man with no empathy, intelligence or capabilities.
Can't wait for the 20the!!   So proud to have you and your family!!  AMERICA, is SMILING,  once again!!  THANK YOU!!
yeah, great

@POTUS already did.  @realDonaldTrump will make #Americasufferagain.
amen together we stand divided we fall
funny
leave me out of your American. We don't have the same vision.
God Bless you and yourn!
why isn't George Soros arrested under Patriot Act and sedition laws? He finances BLM and tries to sink US economy to hurt U
America is already great
Are you talking to all Americans?  Now that would be BIG news.  SAD!
EnormouslyGratefulForTheNewYear'sGreeting&Pray, HonourablePresident-elect of TheUnitedStates DonaldTrump
@Team_Trump45 This video will help................
the new congress takes the hill today REST IN PIECE'S Obama care
Bonne Chance a Vous encore quelques jours!!!
if you have to swim in a presidential fishbowl, might as well do a butterfly stroke.
What is the Trump Mandate? Equality Under The Law. With Liberty And Justice For All! We Hereby Operate Only Withnin The Law
Arizona Sheriff Babeau had Lil' GOP $ to Help HIM  WIN Congress. Pls. consider Sheriff B, for Ur Dynamic Immigration Team
you're the reason this year and the next 3 years will be terrible
you said the election was rigged so how come you were elected?  unless you rigged your own election
TY Soon to be President Trump! Only 16 days to show America that WE are really a Republic. How u'll be + 4 small businesses
Hope so, because you already made America hate again.
if by great you mean a boiling pit of despair, hatred and chaos, then yes
Shut up!!
- right on!We are with you, Mr President!!
Not so great in the state of Alabama right now...company is closing it's doors...about 375 people without a job!!!!!!!!!
Amen Amen my President and mentor
Could you please write a sentence that isn't awkward?
Great for who? the richiest?
What are plans to rid government of the "Czars"
.... Donald -- its real.  You won.  You don't need to lash back anymore.  "Sweetie". -//:-)
You mean white again?
go figure
AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT!!!! YOU WILL RUIN IT!!! QUIT WHILE YOU'RE AHEAD OR YOU WILL BE IMPEACHED! SHAME!
Onward Christian Soldiers!!
@TrumpApproved 

Mr.Trump  you are doing awesome  job to bring  back jobs. What about outsourcing.
yes you will and I would love to come to your inauguration :)
DT is not just the biggest loser of the popular vote. Public was more confident in the past three presidents than DT.
I doubt you want to work "together". You have not show any sign that you want to work for anyone but your pocket book.
EU sanctions as it deserves for the China market manipulation
Sorry I made spelling mistakes.
but how?with empty messages and all levels racism against African-Americans. Good deal!
More like make America Sick Again. As in Hurl...
The first 20 days of the year will be okay then, it goes to shit.  #NotFit2bPOTUS #AmericasBrainFart #WorstPOTUSever
great for corporations and millionaires
what are you going to do if tic tac stopped making tic Tacs? Grab them by the pussy!
Together will never happen - traitor.
I am very glad you won.
We are with you! ...=_=...
По словам Great American Спрингстина, вы взяли неправильный поворот, и вы просто продолжал идти
bla bla bla
NOT WITH YOU AT THE HELM.
Happy New Year!!!
more likely you will fuck things up way worse than they are
@StevePieczenik Donald, you are angering the ladies on #TheView.
once said a picture is with a 1000 words #ImWithHer #ImStillWithHer #StrongerTogether #ClintonKaine2016
youll make america great again if you quit being president.
Oh, let's hope that Trump is not gonna cause the third world war.
the new celeb appr, is better with out u
shut up.
leave please
bring back our jobs for Mexico
We, the American people will. YOU will not.
BTW, sicko, no one wanted you as POTUS, the Bernie crowd voted for you because the DNC shafted Bernie... it never was you!!
Also, my 4YO g-son starts sentences with "well", so that's what you sound like, except he is already more literate #BatShitCrazyMoronTrump
your going to do great
if trump doesn't do anything else he's pissed off and skeered liberals , better then PRICELESS 
haha yes I love him more every day
