Let these foreign corps make their products at home using their own workers, and ship their goods to USA, and US corps do the same -- so everyone has an opportunity to earn a share of the economic pie.

That's MAGA!
Also, while foreign mfg operating in US -- may create healthy competition for consumers, it also means domestic mfg & merchants having to share our markets w/ foreign corps. 

This includes sharing neighboring export makets. 

In sum, it's only good for multinationals & top 1%
If Mexico pays to wall us in, we'd better hope they keep exporting ladders our way. #FMOTUS
Oh my word. I just figured out how trump plans to get that wall built by mexico. He will make america so bad, they will totally pay to keep US out and their own people safe.
have you seen our great holland second video?.what american companies are you going to move back to the usa from our "small in size butoml great in economics"  hollland? How many jobs will it cost holland?kikkk
Sorry, he beat you to it. #alternativefacts
That's PC for "lies," if y'all wondered.
And I call this one, "When your tweet showed someone the error of theirs, and they deleted theirs, but you don't remember what they said, so you can't get too excited about it, anyway, even if you think it was probably a win, and hopefully made the world a little better."
Of course we are not going to pay! Not all the Mexicans are like those marionettes, such as @LVidegaray and @EPN
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel t...
when the wall goes in, we're still allowed to leave the country right?
Nope.  Closest ladder factory is in Juarez. #MakeAmericaGulag
Mr Trump give to me a favor, kiss my ass
Mr Trump once again shows what a stupid ignorant person he is.  Mexico has been a great ally to the US and the Wall is a promise Trump can’t keep like most of his other promises he’s failed to fulfill.  But in this case he can’t get past his ego.
Territorial Tax & Reciprocity will only make it so US corps can operate offshore, Tax-free. And foreign corps operate in US, Tax-free. That won't really add jobs, increase wages, nor generate needed tax revenue - w/o more consumers.
5 new appliance mfg wont create more consumers
whenever they like. Mexico is not Cuba. Just like US cannot build a wall to keep us from leaving. We are free to go if we
Cancel it then! Show your tax returns, who's really gonna benefit from this stupid wall?
So you never gonna meet the Mexican President? There's no country in the world that agree with that bullshit. #ClownPOTUS
Consider telling the truth.
.@realDonaldTrump You do realise you are @POTUS now and you don't have to tweet from this account anymore, no? #MAGA #ElDonáldo
if they won't pay cancel the meeting, they need us more than we need them, just build the wall and God bless America.
You're saying just fables. The trade with Mexico is mainly by American companies. Why don't they pay for the wall?
do you realize 9 out of 10 jobs lost have been lost to automation & trade deals benefit us by making things affordable?
trade deals benefit poor & middle class so we can afford things. It helps our economy.
Why would they want to build a wall? They have better things to do with their money. You didn't cancel they did. Lies lies
Mexico will stop sending drugs to the US the positive effect it will have, all US drug junkies will bring the wall down.
what about trafficking of young girls from Russia? Is that not an issue as well as drug trafficking.
President Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled the meeting. The two of you did not agree to cancel it. Why do you keep lying? Sad
hey racits El Sep 2006 Hugo Chávez dijo Aquí todavía huele a azufre tu TRUMP CALLATE PERRO
 0:14
Its a shame people are making fun of Baron.Don't want him to suffer and become damaged as you were during your childhood.
@POTUS we also have a deficit because draft dodging tax cheats like you don't contribute.
pretty sure Mexico would rather not meet with you given the choice. You lie constantly. Or are those alternative facts?
What a psychotic kook
@POTUS again, Why WOULD they pay for it?? It doesn't benefit them at all. It's a waste of our federal taxes.
Let him Say he won't; we all know he will pay one way or another!
you go ahead and build your wall.  On 1/21/21 it's tearing down will be a unifying celebration of your loss.
No one wants to meet with you-  especially if are just going to talk about your #FuckingWall
FYI. You had NOTHING to do with canceling the meeting with @EPN #alternativefacts
#badlyneededwall #mexico seriously? In what narcissistic fantasy world do you exist? #moreincommon #solidaritywithmexico
get a grip on reality Donny .
it's only badly needed in your mind.  Flint needs help , tornado victims need help and u focus on walls and media.
.@realDonaldTrump I think, not sure, but I think the Mexican president said something like "we will never pay for that fucking wall". Hmmm.
you liberals are all the same. They will pay for the wall. Whether hey like it or not. Education goes a long way
Oh, honey. Don't preach "education-as-insult" when you can't even spell. *they
Uh-oh. Somebody sounds like a bigot!
I think this is an invitation for Trump, you can cancel your breakfast plans Eric
I'm sure Ms. ODonnell will be very dissappointed
stop tweeting. You are an embarrassment.
your mother should be regret to give you birth
That sounds like another one of your great ideas Trump. I suspect one day you might be using that wall to keep us IN.
it Is not necessary to build a wall. You already DID it
I believe the Mexico's President has already cancelled this meeting way before you had planned it. #TheWallIsFineAlready
@POTUS you should build the wall exactly where half of our territory was stolen. You are a bully! We can't fight you!
@POTUS PESO is going to fall like a ROCK. I'm telling you Mr. President, we DEPLORABLES will help build & PAY for it. #MAGA
I MYSELF have no problems donating TIME, LABOR and MONEY to get the wall built. We don't need LIBERALS!
@TreeFarmer812 @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Do you support a Wall Tax to prevent the federal debt from worsening?
NO TAX will be needed. We can either use PRISON labor or VOLUNTEER labor. Go figure!
Materials?
savings from NAFTA... Savings from pulling UN waste
The wall is being built to solve an imaginary problem. And it's distracting from your imaginary voter fraud investigation.
We're so concerned about voter fraud that we think there should be a new presidential election held this month.
You suck at negotiating! Mexico's been a partner and a friend and you're treating them like an enemy.
I need some tequila. DAMN.
Frozen margaritas > on the rocks. Cabo Wabo please.
O yea, and the Red Rocker Sammy Hagar. I need a vacation.
You are acting like a little kid Mr President. I voted for you, don't make me regret it.
You mean you don't yet Julian? What more do you need to know you made a mistake? We'll understand
we will?
Yes, Marty, everyone is allowed to make a mistake, even a monumental one
not with my mental healthcare they're not. And I'll never forget that.
Ah, but forgiveness is important, and we need all the voices we can get to resist
fair enough, defectors are effective voices.
And without mhc, we'll have many more voices to listen to.
thank you. i have done this and even blocked it. it will not go away!
pay for THE BADLY NEEDED WALL !!!  mmm... ok !!!
.@realDonaldTrump Sweetie I know you really want the big wall but let's not hold other countries hostage in a tweet.
.@realDonaldTrump Donald, you're not going to like this, but you have to pay for the things you build. Even if you don't want to, dear.
That's President Trump to you, not Donald! Address him correctly and with respect! @bessbell @realDonaldTrump
No, please. Just impose your tariffs, quotas, & enforce the trade rules. Just a few repatriations from Mexico like Ford, Whirlpool, Apple, etc, etc., and there's our Wall. 

Whoever doesn't get that -- just doesn't want to.
hey, ever hear of a ladder? #riseoftheidiots
Werner Ladder of Juarez has.
A lot of us don't want a wall. But I dunno, maybe let's ask Berlin how beneficial their wall was.
Or just watch Mulan.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, how 'bout you take the money you've siphoned out of the country and stolen from Americans & pay for the wall yourself!
Then he can pay 10 walls!!
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
#FMOTUS
isnt awkward that you wife is on the cover of a mexican fashion magazine 
Awkward for all involved.
what are you saying? WE; the citizens of the country you've been elected to, are unwilling to pay for the stupid wall too!
the wall is not a good idea
How exactly will building a wall impact the trade deficit? Cheap labor helps us EXPORT goods, right? #YouKnowNothing
I'm not sure if your argument is more antiwall or prosweatshop, but you should probably think about that.
puedes construir un muro y con blindaje del 9,para nosotros mucho mejor,si te ataca Rusia,china o Corea por tierra,canada
ni pagaremos tu muro y con #Mexico no se juega,somos sangre Azteca,no confundas diplomacia  con debilidad,#tangrandeelcargo
No temen del mono aranjado. Ustedes fabrican escaleras.  Nosotros, no. Tenemos nosotros.
wall w/Barbed wire & voltage at the top. Perhaps a deep foundation to block tunneling.
Congratulations on the Presidency
ALL Can be done with solar power.
Please go GREEN! Solar and Wind energy! It is the FUTURE! Water is life.  Mni wiconi. A'ho
If you're going to give people electric shocks, congratulations for using solar power? No.  Wait.  Don't give people electric shocks,
STAY STRONG ON IMMIGRATION PRES TRUMP. KEEP OUR COUNTRY SAFE
we all originated from being immigrants at one point or another. Our country is made of all us being immigrants
yes but the one thing that binds all of us is our God, yahweh, muslims doesn't even believe in our God
Um... A) they do. B) you're not supposed to type the name out if you do. It's in the 10 commandments, Jennie.
to be fair, should there be some kind of wall on the Canadian border too? 
if there were substantial amounts of Canadian immigrants crossing over like Mexico, then yes.
immigration from Canada is larger than from Mexico. Check the facts.
show me the facts bro.
He is talking about LEGAL immigration, he is a typical twisted idiot
Our govt estimates 6% of undocumented immigrants walk in. No word yet on whether they'd opt for boats or airplanes, like the other 94% #MANG
I agree.
lol the Mexican president had already canceled the meeting when you posted this
Pena cancelled it on you actually. Now you are prepared to burden the American taxpayer with enormous debt. Shameful.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Companies are at fault! Diplomacy and Negotiation are not one sided affairs. Treat other leaders as you should be treated.
One if by land, two if by sea. Get it President Trump!
Yadda, Yadda, Yadda. It's less than 2% of all US borders. Worth alienating a close partner over???
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
is your company still operating in Mexico?
Your teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when you smile
shit...he's dong his presidenting on Twitter so it must be going to happen!
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
It's impractical, and a waste of our tax money.
it is not needed when we can all live in peace. Not all Mexicans are bad. There are always different types of people.
No Berlin Wall in America.
Why would someone from mexico pay for isolating themself from America?  ... To escape from Trump. true it's reason, but..
a greater reason is needed.
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
he did cancel. #NotMyPresidentTrump
why tf would they pay for a wall that is NOT that badly needed
they just take from us like greedy whoremongers take to the streets at night
What if we charge an entry or crossing fee for every person car, truck that across into US every day? How many do cross?
MEXICO CANCELED ON YOU. YOU ARE A LIAR.
BREAKING: FBI exposes secret plan to bypass Trump's $25 billion wall for $239.99.
(It was on $ale.) :D
um I don't think Mexico is gonna pay. Uh... duh. Could've told you that.
but why would they pay for something they don't want?
then make US pay for it. You lied, lied, lied.
please review macro economics 101.
stick it on workman all ready
No legitimate World Leader wants to talk to a gasbag clown like you. Get used to being the lame kid on the playground.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/recover-deleted-whatsapp-messages-from.html?m=1 …
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
conventions of the electronic wall grid works fine. Its the maintence cost expenditures that is exhausting taxes.
Why cancel the meeting?  You PROMISED Americans that Mexico would pay for all of it---you are such a LIAR!
Further, all wire transfers and all other businesses that pump week in & out with our currency going to Mexico.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'd be glad to do so for you.
is the wall to keep Mexican immigrants out or to keep us in?
wow, you suck at  "precedenting"  #FakePresident
@POTUS Cielos, este hombre es una máquina de infringir las leyes y de insultar indiscriminadamente! 
He did
Mr. President, what US citizen would pay a wall on his border with Canada if they were to join him?
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
who needs a wall when ur existence as president is revolting enough to make your own people want to leave #FASCISTTRUMP
A wall is NOT needed.  I don't need higher taxes. Mexico will not pay us back. Listen to your ignorant rhetoric. Dementia?
Just have the meeting here on Twitter. Transparency and all. Plus, citizens can make popcorn and laugh as we watch.
cancel mtg, not #thewall !!! Keep out the racists rapists  anyways so
please u lied all stores are closing u don't like black
People
why cant we take an % out from all money leaving the U.S instead of just sticking Mexico!
The wall is a HUGE waste taxpayer's money.
your a wall
look at this dude
Relocate some military bases down near the boarder, you're already paying them so the do double duty.
Considered That Canceled Because They Are Not Going To Pay...Thats Crazy....
Ann Coulter said Nieto would have liked it here because we have more Mexicans than Mexico.
cancel it bro.
He plunked you!
#WTFTWEETYTURD Badly needed wall? Across your mouth.
what the actual fuck is wrong with you???
Blödsinn
Obama web site took months to fix and cost us millions
services available. If they can't send the money there, why come here ?
the twit is at it again
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
I will personally build you a wall around the White House for like 50mil. Deal?
The wall we build to keep them out just might be the same wall used to trap us in.  Freedom does not mean living in a cage.
FULL SUPPORT ON ALL> SORRY ALL THIS HAS TO BE DONE. IF U HERE PEACEABLY.. why complain..your safety too
absolute 100% within the constitution. ITS a right for ALL YES LEGAL VISAS TOO TO PRESERVE SAFETY..
lets build a wall around trump.
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
you are such a baby! Be a grown up and quit thinking of yourself.
So you think a physical wall is going to level out trade deficits? What do you think your insane tariffs will do? #econ101
@POTUS
our understanding is that you were ditched. Lying again?
hahaha you are a funny comedian! Funniest Twitter account!
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
Why should Mexico pay for the wall. Unbelievable arrogance.
what is badly needed is a psychiatrist for this #NarcissisticPersonalityDisorder
Mexico is campaigning not to buy US Products.  Thanks Mr . President
Mexico cancelled the meeting on their own. Not right time to meet with Trump. Best move for now.
2020 can't get here soon enough. One week in office and already #WorstPresidentinHistory
companies go south of the border to make a bigger profit for their shareholders,
and pissant child-POTUS sits and tweets tantrums. Try eating Taco and hanging self. Make america great again.
diplomacy at its lowest
Well you got your wish.
