The price will come down BECAUSE you refuse to pay contractors at the finish of project. Bravo - great cost savings
should be ZERO .. according to you MEXICO was paying.... LIAR
Morning tweets like morning shits.
oh thank you for fixing everything for us..You are so great. Just fire Everyone all we need is YOU
SEE YOU IN COURT.
These are government estimates based on labor and material indices. Are you going to hire immigrants? Steal concrete?
Stiff your contractors, hire illegal workers, use Chinese steel. You know, the Trump way.
we believe you will
You understand the difference between millions and billions right?  Now I really want to see your taxes.
It took 5 mins to finish one sentence?? Omg.
maybe you should donate some of your money so that the tax payers don't have to do it all.  #justathought
Right, you forgot to take credit for creating the earth.
Wait, why should you care how much it costs? Mexico's paying for it.
to pay the border let's get all the Cartel's money out of the financial system and seize all the money
Hi I am John Junior!
, so you'll screw the contractors over by refusing to pay them and suing if the demand to be paid, just like you always do?
I'm not paying for that shit, Donald.
.@realDonaldTrump Why do we care about the price when we're sending the bill to Mexico? Or have you given up on that part now?
So you are an architect then?
The only thing “great” about your disgusting wall is the number of lies you’ve told about it.
how is wanting to slow the flow of illegals into our co try disgusting?
We are with you sir.  Please commit to vetoing the carbon tax bill that the RINOs are putting together - it will not MAGA

It will go down to zero, because you know bloody well it will never be built.
Oh noes. Oh noes. You done a fib AGAIN.
.@realDonaldTrump BEST way to bring the WALL cost down is to NOT f***ing build it! Use the  for infrastructure, education, clean water...
I'm not paying for that fucking wall.
If it's built, you'll be paying for it for the rest of your life.
It'll never get built. He'll be out of WH before the first brick is laid.
.@realDonaldTrump what's that you say? Why would we care how much it costs? You said Mexico is paying for the wall?
If we stop giving our hard earned money to illegals, we could EASILY pay for the wall!!!!!! #MAGA
Mexico will never pay for this wall of yours Donny.
Mexico WILL pay for it, either directly or by withholding the $717 million we give to Mexico every year in aid. #BuildTheWall
.@realDonaldTrump Can anyone in their right mind possibly think America would be better with a wall rather than giving $218K to every school
The US president isn't supposed to try and force American Companies to lower their prices just because you are President
I was unaware that you had a degree in architecture.  You aren't qualified to be president nor to design a wall!
he knows a lot more than you. What are you worth
in what world does wealth equal intelligence?
i guess if u dont know. .i cant help you out
i know more people with college degrees but cant rub to nickels together. Cause of lack
of common sense.
We the people are confident you will get it done. Thanks
. @realDonaldTrump Will be the best wall EVER! The WALLIEST wall!! Beijing will have to rename theirs the Not So Great Wall of China!!!
honey planes can still bring people over lol you forgot that logical idea also holes in the ground like #ElChapo when he
Money and time would be better spent on structural & tech upgrades to the border, more patrols, enforcement & reform.
Just like everything else you "brand" America will fail BIGLY with you at the helm. Step down you pompous old fool. #SAD
Vaya turra macho.
Walls can't stop airplanes or tunnels!!
You're very right my man.
and here's Paul Ryan's role in your throne room
the rest of the series includes Sean Spicer...
...Kellyanne Fortuna...
and of course Lady Liberty
All your pics are excellent dude!!!
thanks!
If you don't like what's going on, change it. Oh, you tried and you didn't have the votes. Live with it
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
No matter how you feel about undocumented people, ripping parents away from their children and deporting them is evil.
#TheResistance
We're waiting, @jasoninthehouse. #TheResistance
You left out #Yemen
1,250-mile wall will cost a staggering $21.6B You're pillaging a nation to feed your ego #Impeach45













WAY DOWN to $1.2 billion?
Get your facts straight. You had nothing to do with the drop in cost of the F-35. https://goo.gl/nj7Poz  #LiarInChief #TraitorInChief
Just curious 45, why do you care about the price if Mexico is going to pay for it? Helping a neighbor out? @realDonaldTrump
Are you planning on using cheap labor? @realDonaldTrump
You could do the right thing and focus on helping Americans instead of creating cardboard cutout villains of people. @realDonaldTrump
the wall will decrease drug traffic. How many people die from drugs? Drug related crime ? Disease?
It's Americas drug problem that drives the trade. Not Mexicans.
if there are less drugs, more jobs & safe cities - it will be less of a prob. That's goal
I repeat. Sort your own drug problems out and the crime will stop. Stop trying to blame.
What?  Look who is blaming. trying to be positive, but the prob needs to be identified 
it wasn't to supposed2cost us anything. U can't pay for it with tax cuts and military spending either. I regret voting 4U
@Trump_Regrets :-/
#lyingPOTUS
you were quoted by @BBC
doubt it
I don't like this hairstyle but my father like. 
I like white skin he like brown!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will co...

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
no matter what it will be billions. And just a wall. People do OWN planes and ladders 
He is just a vile entity that needs to be removed one way or another. I promise I'm holding back on my thoughts too
Shamelessly stolen from 4chan but here you are....
THERE we are with that SECOND TWEET, nicely done! But why make THE WALL CHEAPER if the MEXICANS are paying for it anyway?
do you even listen to the president, it's paid for with a 20% tax on Mexican imports, so who's paying?
Of course Mexico would never put tax on US imports.... eyes rolling.  Good way to crash economy.
if they did the US would suffer they are in the top five consumers of US goods
Tarrif wars are not good for economy.  Mexico can go elsewhere for better trade partner
I am confused as to which you support? Are you pro or against the Tax on Tequilla
States already tax booze.  US Tariff just passes along extra cost to consumers.
I understand what a tariff is, just can't determine if I agree with you or not
you could put every single homeless veteran into a $400,000 home for the price that the wall will cost
Many wd be killed on the street w/o that wall. Has the crime lists fm sanctuary cities bn released yet?
Can Trump bring the price down to we're not paying for the wall? No? Then he's a politician who lied to get elected. #MAGA
YOUR A JOKE!
The next president will not need all those defense systems on Air Force One (I don't need them on my personal plane).
Why worry about the cost? You insist Mexico will pay for it. Sock it to them. #idiot #sinverguenza
not paying your contractors and declaring bankruptcy doesn't work when you're president.
You plan on doing that by not paying the bills, just like your #business dealings with #contractors?
So big negotiator, you like an all weather jet that cannot fly in t-storms. AF1 will outlast you, so quit bitching.
you're not going to get a wall built in 4 years Mr "President"
OF COURSE IT WILL! Screw them Mr. President! We love u, we are with u and we will ALWAYS support you! TRUMP
Is that because you'll default on paying for the work--like you do on your business projects or will you declare bankruptcy
are unaware of planes or tunnels? YOURE WASTING OUR MONEY
refusing to pay after it is built isnt negotiation, it's extortion. I hope to god no1 will build it without cash up front.
the only thing that has come WAY DOWN since you became POTUS the dignity and compassion of our country #SoCalledPresident
I wish you all the success in working with industry to maximize value and supporting the military industrial complex
The only way things cost less is because you never pay anyone like the contractors in Atlantic City you screwed over.
Blah Blah Blah!!!
@TrumpMania_ thank goodness.  Was active duty (26 yrs) & what you see, is what I saw--thx 4 trimming the fat
Maybe they can sell them at Nordstroms? 
Delusional Donny
What?  U gonna avoid paying contractors, use foreign materials, and use eminent domain to take land? IE Screw over people?
By hiring illegals to build it, or by refusing to pay the contractors afterward?
But you said Mexico was paying for the wall.  Why do you care how much they spend?
What good are F-35's against terrorists anyway?  This is just wasting our hard earned money.
if the mexicans going to pay the wall anyway, why would you go down with the price? 
oh, you're JUST NOW finding out it's expensive as fuck? How convenient.
You are already $90M in the hole after that horribly planned raid.
the only time your projects are under budget is when you refuse to pay workers. And then you go bankrupt anyways.
As far as your IQ? If so you can receive your border wall today for little to no cost to you! Call 1-800-Powerchair today!
NO WALL
You promised Mexico would pay for it. Mexico said "NOT PAYING FOR YOUR WALL!" Americans don't want to pay either. No wall!
I don't want a wall. I want education, affordable healthcare & job retraining for those who have lost jobs. #NoWall
Since the majority of Americans, who didn't vote for you, don't want to pay for that disgraceful wall, I suggest you ...
get to work. Stop playing golf - which you accused President Obama of doing too much - and get to the White House and actually work!
why &/or how? Just because you're "The Donald? Seriously, how are you going to do that?
wait... if you haven't designed it yet wouldn't it end up costing more.I'm just looking forward to the big door!
#drumpf
How?  By not paying anyone,  as you do with your businesses?
Like the decision from your wife to live in NY.
REALLY cut the cost down, didn't it?
#hypocrite
You mean you are going to make wild assumptions because you don't understand the process or listen to experts? SOP for you.
has to bc you already lost one sure many more popvote loser
And the cuts in cost were planned WAY ahead of you,,,so you fake claim its because of you,.  FAKE PRESIDENT
