Would it shock anyone to learn that this is a lie?  MS13 formed in the 1980s?
Face, meet palm. He's talking about new chapters, in cities where there wasn't one before. Are you that dumb?
It was already active all across the states by 2005, four years before Obama was president. Can't blame him for this one. Sorry.
Yup sure can
A real man doesn't blame others for the problems he faces. A real man simply gets to work. Too bad you're not a real man.
Smarter than you
Don't go on here often. This president is a clown. And I'm a conservative who voted for Reagan twice.
You're delusional
But we can blame Bush and Obama for not enforcing #Immigration laws. @realDonaldTrump WILL ENFORCE IMMIGRATION LAWS. that's the difference
DJT - Put the wall in the infrastructure package...
One of the reasons why I left my hometown of Everett Mass. MS-13 murders all the time and the heroin they brought in. Mayor wants sanctuary
I moved to PA for 6 yrs and was homesick. So, after moving back, I was more homesick because it became Mexico and Middle E. Old hs is mosque
BHO strategically placed these people everywhere. He did say on many occasions "I'm going to transform the west as we know it" here we are
THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! President Trump we the people who elected you trust your judgment. We R not deceived by the left wing media
But those of us that didn't vote for @realDonaldTrump want the truth. #libertarian
We all want the truth, what really bothers some of us is the hypocrisy of the left, where BHI & HRC got away w/murder (some say literally)
Democrats are CLUELESS!  THEY voted in a man that can't even ride a bicycle without training wheels!  Everything about him was weak!
Election is over honey and obama is not running. Anyway, do u base voting 4 a president one who can 'grab 'em by the p***sy' & ride a bike?
And EVERYTHING he ever did is being UNDONE!#MAGA
There is nothing true about this tweet. Nothing.
What PLANET do you live on? Need gas money to get back?
Oh bullshit! MS13 have been around long before Obama!
MS-13 infiltrated DC Metro Area during GWBush's era
Was he talking about the DC Metro?
It's a city across the US, isn't it?
There are thousands of cities across the US.
ok, what's your point?  Nevermind #blocked
Nice! I won't miss THAT guy.
MS 13 Has a better org structure than your administration. Think about that.
THe MS13 has thrived exactly because we deport criminals. They are an international syndicate that uses deportation as free travel
In 2004 the FBI started the MS-13 National Gang Task Force & began teaming with law enforcement in El Salvador,Honduras,Guatemala & Mexico.
Ya and, do you want a cookie or something ?
The MS 13 gang formed decades ago in SoCal and then was proliferated by deported gang members in El Salvador.
We need legal immigration ppl who don't. Need welfare assimilate
sort of agree, but the more we assimilate, the more r differences vs. others appear leading 2 eventual civil war. Our melting pot will melt
Ppl who come need to assimilate if not they don't love our country and need to b here
Every tweet from the @POTUS comparing self with @POTUS44 shows inferiority complex. Obama ranked favorably in polls, not Trump. #VerySad
Yeah, because government is a popularity contest... Right.
It's about power.  @realDonaldTrump is just on another money making reality show with the help of our tax dollars
MS-13 only creates 0.000001% of the crimes  committed by ILLEGALS. I'm glad they're are going, but MILLIONS MORE MUST GO !
The US created the maras in the 80s, fuckface.
Reagan Amnesty started it off

Never forget that Mr President.
Reagan screwed us w/Amnesty

@AnnCoulter @seanhannity @RogerJStoneJr @Harlan
Causing a flood of people, to be exploited by Big Business, for cheap labor, definitely had consequences,
now is long enough to finally correct that. 
Supporting Workers everywhere will #MAGA!
help make life good
in every country
"Oh, & don't forget to deport grandmas & college students, we don't want them taking our jobs." 
@Twlttersupport0 I need that sarcasm font.
What's wrong with you
This is a violent vicious gang that kidnaps women off of streets, rapes them as part of gang initiation rituals & murders witnesses 2 crimes
Uhm Donny, buddy, you need to read more.  The MS 13 gangs grew under George W...you know, the Republican guy before @barrakoama
The Obama administration wasn’t a twinkle in the eye when MS 13 formed, #fakenews expert. Sleazy tactic!
Lies him and his administration ain't doing shit stop lying that gang is stronger then ever @POTUS and formed/spread way before Obama
Get them boss
Kick them out. Obummer did nothing to ensure the safety of Americans. Worst President America has ever had. Dump all his policies. Erase him
^ not true, unless Obama was POTUS in the 1980's...
Fact sheet from Trump's DOJ refutes his claim.
Obama Administration immigration policies allowed your wife to enter this country and work in violation of her visa.
This administration has a serious conflict of interest. If the military did what they are doing they would serve time at @FortLeavenworth
Thank you Mr. President. These gangs are killing too many innocent people.
You sent a dreamer away you mean, cruel man.  He was here since he was a young child
Illegally, though, so...
If you were put in a country age 9 and grew up there that would be all you knew, this doesn't seem to be a place to spend our deport efforts
@POTUS Again you show your utter ignorance of FACT & how unfit for office you are. That happened during #BUSH not @POTUS44 @BarackObama
Our man Trump is true to his word and will always be remembered for this and unifying. 
God Bless you and thank you Mr. President.

Good job
I cannot believe our president tweets and speaks without first checking he knows what he's talking about.

The problem is  obama did nothing to PROTECT our Country!!!  But PRESIDENT TRUMP Will take care of that!! Making  AMERICAN GREAT AGAIN
lol the MS 13 came to CA way before obama had his admin. how do i know? they made sure to stop by my school to say hello :) where were u?
That gang came into US in 1980 - Obama was still in high school but YOU were a grown man- why didn't YOU stop them in 1980? LAZY TRUMP
Started under Reagan. Yes, they are horrible but can't blame Obama.
At least @POTUS44 had a domestic & foreign policy, Congressional agreements, & Treaties. @realDonaldTrump #DistractAmericaFirst
Oh, and they worked SOOO well, too...
Those MS members were born here. Do you even know where MS 13 comes from? One guess and it's not Mexico.
You can only blame things on your predecessor for so long before looking silly. You were there a few weeks ago.
Ummm...MS 13 was formed in the 80s and has operated in cities across the U.S. well before Obama entered the political scene.
Thank you, Mr. President. Let's focus on developing HUMINT to identify transnational cartel leaders to cut the head off the hydra.
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
Because MS13 didn't exist until 2008.....fake news DT...
Take care of the Antifa problem next please
this Mexican will take your job @realDonaldTrump
We want ppl to come legally assimilate no welfare no diseases. No amnesty
Sooo government policies are why gangs form in cities? Donny take some sociology classes and throw in a psych class or two. #fakepresident
MS-13 grew of poor LA neighborhoods where  refugees from civil wars El Salvador, Guatemala & Nicaragua lived in the 1980s.
One of the best orders you've made!  MS-13 is as evil as ISIS. #MAGA
Love that in the last decades Trump is the President that will deal with immigration! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Ban doesn't include where you've got busine$$:
Trump’s Muslim immigration ban does not include countries where he has done business or pursued potential deals. 
Thank you, for working to secure the USA
Why do you continue to slander Ex President Obama. Can you watch where your own pants and man up for your own mistakes.
amen 
REMOVE MCCAIN
You're doing a fine job president Trump
Right on
MS 13 STARTED WAY BEFORE OBAMA THEIR REACH IS MULTINATIONAL. Cannot blame Obama.
Thank you President Trump! We stand behind you!
Thank you for everything! Godspeed #MAGA
Sir can you concentrate and do the job you promised instead of spending so much time talking about our beloved former president Barack Obama
Shocked that Judge William Orrik of Ca. Blocked ur exec. order. The law is VERY clear, supporting u. These judges r making up laws. SCARY!
Build the wall! That is why we voted for you!!
Illegals can pay for the wall, defence deficit and strenghten immigration  INSTITUTIONS without taxpayers money. #CommonSenseAndEmpathy
unlawful illegals should be  deported but give law abiding illegals a chance and take advantage to finance wall and defence budget deficit.
Yes Mr. President GET RID OF ALL OF THEM!!!!
Thank you.
Mr. President, I believe there should be a some type of fee for boarder crossings to help pay for this Wall.
So jealous  Your all about revenge, go  away, nobody owes you anything, how entitled are you
@runforthehouse We got to get all the bad eggs out of this nation.
Will you take a survey of Americans who have been acccused or "set up" by illegal aliens in FL? Told #'s r growing. #petition4courtreform
@purplemeatballs Mr T, we need everyone to watch for this kind of killers , with the 13 mark on body , and turn in .
Islamic terrorist camps and villages must go!
What happens "ese"? The future of the planet is in the hands of two madmen, and you are one of them ...
That's why we called #Obama the deporter in chief, lol. Come on Donnie, u need not bring up Obama so often. Makes you look as weak as u are.
Damn Mexicans need to behave
Cool story, Bro.
My home state IL , Southern Chicago, media said 4,000 murders for 2016. Gang related mostly... and go Bulls!
Once again I say 'GOD BLESS YOU SIR!'
Thank you Mr. Trump. This is so important to start removing and targeting these gangs they are homeland terrorists! We have to act!
You're kidding right ? MS 13 has been around for longer than obamas presidency ..
That's not true. When will you stop lying?
The gangs (Ms13,N.F.-14) were here long b4 Obama.Actually,Nixon was Pres at the start of U.S. gangs.They will b here when yur gone Trump.lo
False, as is everything coming from this wretched account and administration. Resign, for the sake of #Humanity. #unpresident
Give me proof of this?
MS 13 gangs proliferated under Bush, asshole. But I guess that's too much to expect from someone with dementia. #ImpeachTrump #Resistance
@HeidiL_RN hey you wanna give  Sherriff Paul penzone in PHX a visit? he calls theses people "guests"
Do you realize that MS-13 started in LA and was exported to El Salvador right? So it was our criminals that we exported that caused this.
More fake news.
It's Obama's fault for Trump having a Twitter account.
I wonder how many of your tweets contain the word "bad" and refers to someone else. Classic narcissist.
great job!!!
Their in our neighborhood killing innocent people. Get them out and build that wall. Send them to Pelosi's home.
Filthy Liar #illegitimatePOTUS  @realDonaldTrump lies about legitimate @POTUS44 AGAIN.
How you know Donny? You are with the mafia Russia mafia. That's how you got wiki leaks and Carter to help you and Bannon win the WH
You are the President! YOU! Get over Obama it makes you look weak
Ha... Your strategies are so obvious. No one is falling for that crap. No one but your own, sad supporters who would defend anything you do.
Let's Hire More Ice Officer's And Get All These Illegal's Out Of The United States. 75% Of Crime Is Caused By Illegal's In The United States
How bout indicting the Traitor that allowed all this BS?? No one I repeat NO ONE is being held accountable for anything? Why????
Thank you Mr. President,
So......before Obama USA had no problem with gangs?....FAKE NEWS!
Your domestic policies are excellent, but stop your warmongering foreign policy which is no different to Hillary's. Ignore McCain too.
In 2005 U.S.Immigration & Customs Enforcement started Operation Community Shield & by 2011 made over 20,000 arrests incl 3000+ MS-13 members
Gang successes built on tough on crime & drug war policies that disproportionately target minorities. A holdover of Regan, far before Obama.
I worked  in the criminal field & it is a revolving door for illegals in Ca
Melania Trump is an ugly version of Caitlyn Jenner
Actually it was Ronald Reagan's policies in El Salvador that allowed them to form in the first place. Get your fucking facts straight
The dirty Dems allowed illegal immigrants to pass and planes full refugees to land; all to amass illegal votes and change the electoral map.
Can't you do your job without making someone else look bad? BTW we know you are wrong and we are laughing at you!
Seeing quite a bit on Long Island.
This is literally the definition of fake news. MS-13 has been around the U.S. since the 1980s.
We should deport your wife who first came here illegally! You have an anchor baby- let's #DeportMilania
They started in LA in 1980 when Obama was only in his 20s. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/MS-13 
you need a Pepsi 
Thank you!  Good Job!  #TRUMP #MAGA  
I wonder who allowed the legal Americans to form gangs and go shooting people
MS13 was formed in the 80s you dope.
They were made to grow MS13 just like Obama created & grew ISIS.
MS-13 Musulmanes Salvajes 13 is supported and funded by the Islamic Mafia Hezbollah which is also funded by Iran.
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are r...
While ur at it the SC just declared Obama violated the constitution. Have something done this is one of many times.
Good job, Mr. President! Liberalism has been gaining strength for decades & it produces criminals in the streets, in gov, in academe! TY  
Hey ducky, not easy to find worse than your gang...quack quack! @realDonaldTrump
TRULY  DELUSIONA! WHEN U WERE ON YR KNEES U NEEDED 2PRAY-OH LORD PLEASE GET ME THRU THIS DAY! WHAT! DID U SAY U DON'T KNOW HOW? WE'll DO IT
Bla bla , bla bla - like always- disgusting 
YOU EALLY FEEL INFERIOR TO PRESIDENT OBAMA BECAUSE  U CANT keepHIS NAME OUT YR MOUTH! U can never have his  integrity  So U R intimidated
You are truely an A-hole. Do you really think your wall or rules will keep them out ?
Go after these Animals and rid the US of them by any means necessary! I live in a fortress on a hill surrounded by trees!!
Another of your LIES. MS-13 has been in US since 1980's. Why don't you learn something before opening your mouth.

Do you need a truck to haul them out...?   I'll provide..
Obama Derangement Syndrome.
Registered 8 companies in Saudi Arabia while campaigning:
Fun fact: MS-13 formed in the late 1970s. How are you so bad at facts, man?

He used them to get votes for 2 terms.
@AllTrumpsTweets I was born and raised in cali I left 14 yrs ago gangs are real high there
Thank You Sir ! This should have happened a long time ago.
Nice idea! Remove them fast and furious... there is a city in Southern California called Santa Ana, might be some gangs there!!!
And MS 13 been here for over 20 plus years. Come on now. Stop with the scare tactics. So weak
Wait Obama weak immigration? Immigration been here for over 200 plus years. Where u been President Trump.
Just so you know MS 13 is from El Salvador not Mexico. And they have been in your country since the 80's so dont blame Obama...
Hilary's foundation collecting millions of foreign funds should be criminal offense! What private sensitive  info did she exchge in return
"President" Trump is a disgrace!... #impeachhimnow
Always blaming everything on Obama. Everyone's tired of that song.
MS-13 has been around for decades and were roaming the neighborhoods surrounding the univeristy #Obama attended in L.A. Get a clue!
Why is it that the National Guard is not on the Southern Border? It's still porous and only takes one terrorist to cross and kill many. Why?
Thank you Mr President-your swift actions are saving lives and keeping families from being torn apart. ms-13 has no place in America
Hopefully you can stop the Muslim cult invasion very soon. Then get the ones that are here out.
VENEZUELA NEED HELP !
And we citizens are thankful for that, Sir !
What r u doing except inciting trumpeteers who have no clue how gangs form? Anyway, what r u doing abt it? The gang is still there.
Damn Obama for letting these gangs form way back in the 80's!
Hillary and her  "friends"
Who committed numerous
Crimes against OUR
country are just as bad as 
This GANG

LOCK THEM UP
you are brilliant
Gangs have been around for ages..........what makes you think Americans can't start gangs themselves?
The gangs were formed BEFORE President Obama took office !!
Funny how u bash Obama behind his back but a mouse to his face #COWARD
You don't bad mouth someone who has been in your position before you, niggs
@jimmymoralesgt hay que preparar una estrategia conjunta con los presidentes centroamericanos ante ésta situación
You're not removing MS 13 gang members... You're putting families in for profit detention centers with deplorable conditions.
