No one will be thanking you. We will, however, be thanking those that are going to bring you down.Keep tweeting.It's speeding up the process
Wishful thinking on pOTUS's part. Thank him for what?
HAHAHA!!!  You so funny!!  How do you come up with this stuff?!
You are sick old old 71 men
I already am thanking you Mr. President. #AmericaFirst #EndClintonCrimespree #DrainTheSwamp
You will not be thanked. History will remember you as one of the worst Presidents ever elected.
Still not thanking you one year later.
GUISSE
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they w...
you were right then and you are right now
@ChristiChat . Mr. President . I really need new good Job and Salary from it. 1441seppo@gmail.com
 Seppo Leskinen.
We are thanking you now. God bless you.
You may have to Make them calm down, some of these psychotic baby fit throwing children might need a seditive and correction.
Doubt it
Hahahaha nope
#GameOver Donald.
Avtually Douchebag Donny, James Comey has the confidence of Washington AND of anyone who believes in our Constitution & rule of law.
No one will thank you for the destruction you & Pence have done to America. The hate & racism you both embody is a disgrace to America.
@POTUS @VP When things calm down, you will be unemployed, disgraced, and proven the fraudulent liar you are. You'll be so tired of winning!
I already am thank you!
You are the sickiast old 71 71 71 men in the hole USA YOU MAKE AMERIKA sick a gen
By the time things 'calm down', I would imagine you'll be an ex-President. #Trumprussia
They really wont be.
Unlikely, very very unlikely
CALL your MoC's TODAY.
#WednesdayWisdom 
#Trumprussia
#MarchForTruth
No one is going to be thanking you for anything.
You are a ridiculous, embarrassing human being 
who NEVER should have been elected.
Seems like you may be the biggest and l
Old saying if you can't say something good about a person keep your mouth shut
MCCABE says Comey had "broad" and "deep" support at the FBI.

You are a LIAR!
No they won't.
The Dems don't care about Americans!
Strategic Campaign Group. Remember this day. Remember it hard. Is your private jet fueled yet to take you to Russia?

大山炮
I think it is you who has lost the trust of the American public. The little you had to begin with.
You are losing our confidence we care nothing about Comey you are the President and you are the most hated.
Good luck with that Donald!
Is that what you tell yourself before sleeping in the clown coffin?
after the Russian investigation yes
Praying that you and your family will stay strong
I couldn't agree with you more Mr.
 President. Thank you for standing up for us! First President I have been proud of since Reagan!
President Trump I am thanking you for it now you did the right thing good move
Comey fired for getting too close to the truth about how compromised you are. Nobody trusts a thing you say.
The firing of Comey as he was doing his investigation of your Russian collusion makes you look guilty as fuck
You're such a blatant, unrepentant liar.
Sara Huckabee buried Trump in morning briefing she called the FBI on many occasions on behalf of Trump's investigation she admitted 2 crimes
Hahaha that's hilarious. Hahaha 
but you can't speak for Dems or Repubs because you have no idea what you are doing, you are running scared like a little baby. #Sad
trump, you fired Director Comey because you knew he was about to expose your meddling in the election.
C'mon man. We know the truth you couldn't stand the fact that...
How about us, who lost confidence in you, you can not even keep your kids straight!!!! #FakePresident
Dont expect them to calm down anytime soon & dont wait for a thank you. You wont heed this advise cuz U dont have the ability to see reason
Instead of thanking, you meant to type "impeaching" right?
Bull crap
#McCabe disagrees.

True. It's Dems defending the indefensible,all over again,the destruction with hammers of mobile devices to delete EMails n destroy evidence
LIAR
I'll be thanking them when your fat ass is kicked out of the WH
I'm thanking you right now and so are many, many smart people. We're behind you, Mr. President! #hesmypresident
No.
NO THANK YOU! Nobody thanks you.
That is another out and out lie. Trump still honks he can lie and people will believe it. He's a criminal. Lock him up. Lying sack of .
I agree with you, but firing Comey, when things are not down, was not a good move. you should have let him stay for a well
Apparently you are wrong.
. j_*i_
So much for GOP small gov't belief. Sessions will destroy states rights and will bring crime back to all time highs. Fire him!

The only thanks you'll be getting is when you resign!
GET OUT OF OUR HOUSE!!
Delusional
No one will be thanking you unless you resign.
WE lost confidence in him last summer, you loved him then. When he got too close to you & Russia, you ran scared, bullied him, and fired him
Bloop!
No one will thank you. You should be ashamed . on top of it all, your ratings are in the toilet...enjoy
Yes
That is such a crock of . Comey had waaaaay more of American people's confidence than you EVER will!
That's funny! I believe you raved about the man, praising him for his brace work. #fraud #liar #nm45
That"s a laugh.When you were having that nice dinner,why didn't you tell him man to man that you were going to fire him?
Pride cometh before a fall.
Lies, lies and more lies! Hearing today confirmed THAT lie!
I look forward to your fall from your bought seat. The world will rejoice as u crawl back to the gutter
Well, who believes?
YOU HAVE LOST THE CONFIDENCE OF THE ENTIRE COUNTRY. WORST PRESIDENT EVER. SOMEONE NEEDS TO TAKE YOU OUT. SOON IM SURE!
"When things calm down, they will be thanking me!"  No they won't (calm down) and they won't (thank you).  Delusional much?
Another lie. Just once, just to prove you can actually tell the difference between reality and your addled imagination, tell the truth.
please stop the tweets.  You sound deranged
Trump: "[Washington is] all gridlock. And then you have a president that signs executive orders because he can't get anything done."  YEP
No the won't be thanking you get over yourself. You are dirty donnie and about to get found out.
Mr. President, watching the bits and pieces the  liberal media is showing of the interview with Lester Holt!
And @realDonaldTrump  lost the confidence of the American people by undermining our cherished democracy and institutions
Uhhhh it's about the timing, you fool. Excuse me, President Fool.
and you lost the confidence clearly not only to Washington but all USA
LIes, lies, and more Lies.  He was a fine FBI director who would now give you his loyalty.
Do you ever work constructively ? Speak with positive actions for all Americans. Not just yourself. STOP TWEETING
You really don't have a clue..
I think I would change one word in this tweet. Last sentence, change "thanking" to "impeaching". Yes, thats better.
You lost the confidence of over 60% of America. Resign.
Keep doing the great job you are!  Making this retiree and my family extremely proud to be an American once again!
I'm a fan of yours, Mr. Trump, but am disappointed when your words may be less than truthful.
bull shit
Thank you Mr. President! 
Since everyone has lost confidence in you, will you step down to save America?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"This #TrumpRussia thing. It was a made up story." Your words. Not ours. You fired him bc you wanted #RussiaGate to go away. Obstruction!
I loved him myself.  He was refreshing actually for Washington standards.  Try to make your Mother proud!
By the time Comey is not respected Trump will gone.
Substitute 'Trump' for 'Comey' in your sentence. When you resign, yes, we will be thanking you. Or else you can wait to be thrown out.
Crap, did you not hear the testimony from the actin head of the FBI today stating people have confidence?
“No, sir, that is not accurate,” McCabe said. “Director Comey enjoyed broad support within the FBI, and still does to this day.”
Lost the confidence of the most important one of all @POTUS
Seems like anyone with class would have called him into the office to deliver the news. Coward!
When things calm down, they will be impeaching you! Laws apply to the POTUS Donnie, just ask Nixon! You lost our confidence a long time ago.
@realDonaldTrump This is ideological war.  You need to understand that.
we'll be cheering when u swing from the gallows
All of America wishes you would just shut the heck up.
Unlikely-that is why agents are changing their profile pics to Comey out of respect.Your lies don't hold up& you are on borrowed time.
You have lost the confidence of everyone in the world  except for a few dictator friends.
The only thanks you will ever get from the American people is when you are impeached,  resign or jailed.
Dude, we'll be thanking you in jail.  So much winning. #russiagate
You will only be thanked when you resign. Time to go Donny!
Andrew McCabe acting director says Comey has "Broad Support" in FBI contradicting the White House..   why Lie??
Where is your credibility?
So you say... Why didn't you fire him sooner? He was coming for you about Russia and you got scared.
Time to round up The Witch and The Warlock..
Oh we already are traitor. We already are
#MakeAmerica1974Again
I sincerely doubt anyone will be thanking you for anything Trump. All you do is lie it's so obvious we can see your tells on television

You're wearing you're jealousy of comey on your sleeve.
No, you are the one who is losing support from everyone who you don't hold some power over. And you are just Putin's stooge
That is a total lie. Shame on you.
We will never be thanking you. We have not lost confidence in you, we never had it. Resign now. Than we will thank you.
Donald, you need to start taking your meds. Your mental health depends on it. Comey was fbi, he does not lie! Pull the other one!!
You don't have to defend your decision. We're All with you.
It doesn't look suspicious at all that you fired everyone who's investigating you. That's so Nixon of you. Can't wait for the impeachment!
@POTUS Director Comey's view was that to break a law against negligence requires intent.  We voted for you because we're tired of Baby Talk!
So, now we know that Comey hat broad support within the FBI. Guess he only lost your confidence? GUILTY DONNY STARTING TO LOSE IT
your a hypocrite.....
Nobody will thank you for anything.
COMEY is a FAKE FRAUD!!  haha  Bye bye bye!!!  haha YOU, Mr. Comey, went down in FLAMES!!! justice Finally!!
That's not what we are hearing. Looking forward to evidence of the Truth, whatever it is. It will be coming eventually.
Thanking you of TREASON! You have committed TREASON!
Bulshine he was getting to close
In your dreams. You are completely out of touch. Do us a favor and either be an actual Pres who cares about the country or go away.
Comey isn't a showboater, you are the one!
You are a liar, a criminal and I can't wait for you to go down. I believe nothing you say.
We don't care what Washington thinks! That's why we voted for you, stand your ground like you did when you were running for President!
we will thank you when you get the hell out of the country. go play with your Russian and Chinese business hacks
Wrong! "The vast majority have great respect" for James Comey.
Not in this lifetime. Narcissism is boundless. You have no clue what other people are thinking. Historical levels of hubris. #Resistance
YOU have lost the confidence of the entire country. NO ONE IS THANKING YOU FOR ANYTHING. You are destroying us and you don't even care.
liar! we love comey and the FBI hold him in highest regard! liar!
Liar
You are a criminal.  Looking forward to the day we lock you up. SAD!
Thank you Mr President!  I am surprised you kept him on this long.  He is a hold over from the last enupt administration.  Keep it up!
You just hold your breath til that happens
Never
Your supporters (which by the way is most of the country) have full confidence in you.  Drain the swamp and MAGA.
Ok, as long as you're president, nothing will calm down- oh and nobody is ever going to thank you for ANYTHING! This is reality-
Yes, we'll be thanking you at your impeachment hearings.
Well done Mr President. I support the removal of Comey. Keep fighting the Deep State. #DrainTheSwamp
I'm thanking you now, sir! He should have been fired when he first addressed the nation and refused to call a grand jury against HRC!
