remember this guy? He was paid by Russia to manipulate American politics towards a pro-Putin agenda.
oh, sorry, I didn't specify which guy.

The guy in the suit and tie is the one owned by Russia.
whoops, that's not clear either.

The guy who committed treasonous acts for Russia is the guy uncomfortably close to Ivanka
oops, again, not clear.

I'm talking about the guy who maintained a residence in Trump Tower paid for with illegal funds.
LMFAO.  On all counts.
hahahahaaaaa
I smell Treason in the air.

I imagine Daddy Vlady was also not impressed. On the bright side you're old+eat like a human trash can & don't exercise 
nah she exercises  @realDonaldTrump
it's still exercise 
In fairness he does have that yuge belly to lug around the golf course. 
thankfully he rides in a golf cart 
TRUMP: Totally Repugnant Untrustworthy Malignant Putin-puppet #dumptrump #IMPEACHMENTPARTY2017
...no!
thats the best you can do? try harder 
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, has anyone advised you not to do these defensive, wounded little public tantrums when you are criticized?

when u mess up donald             fess up                   @realDonaldTrump
Ha ha ha. That's never going to happen. His lies are his life. He will never admit the truth,unless he has a stroke!
Narcissists are "never wrong," and it is always someone else's fault.
.@realDonaldTrump The more you SAY it's fake and dishonest, the more we KNOW it's real and honest.
He's the reason i am now a diehard CNN fan. 

If the bad guy hates you, you're the good guy.
yeah. That's what us deplorables say too. Except we love our country.
These guys also call themselves Deplorables. 

Friends of yours?
so where is your moral ground? I ll tell you where. But you won't like it.
Maybe you should stop watching tv and do your job. First on the to do list: RESIGN. #TRUMPRUSSIA @realDonaldTrump
Give him your bootsso he can start walking!!?
With that theory... "so-called" judges were correct. So wouldn't the "so-called" Russia Story be correct as well?
from the "so called" president
that is a "so called" Republican
Bannon: "You can have your phone, but no tweets about R..."
Trump: (types) "Fake... news... Russia..."
Bannon: "DOOONALD!"
Memes with Obama & Biden worked really well because of the true rapport...with these 2 eejits not at all 
It's more like the rapport between Principal Skinner (Trump) and Superintendent Chalmers (Bannon).
The more you yell about fake news, the more we know you are panicking. You must be the world's worst poker player.
He really is beginning to panic because he knows that he is on the road to impeachment.Very soon I hope!!
and thankfully when he is he will start singing names throwing his whole staff under the bus
Funny. AP and Reuters say the same thngs
So what does POTUS think "so-called Russia" is actually called? Peeru? Urineguay?
Portugolden Shower?
Why, do you have a link to the rabbit's Instagram?
Not until after work! I'll tweet you later, we can do a toast.
The rabbit watches YouTube ON YOUTUBE?! SO META. I hope we will be friends for a long, long time.
You are delusional, and dangerous. Oh yes, AND dishonest yourself, Donald. #notmypresident
I'm sorry who are you and why are you trolling my shit?
Just commenting, not trolling 'your s**t.'
ok, well bad publicity for @965WCMF make sure entercom knows we don't approve of your conglomo propaganda
Opinions expressed with my name are my own. What's a 'conglomo?'
in other words, you get a comfortable life while other DJs never see the light, so please . Fuck off with your politics
I've been radio for 38 years, THAT's how I got a 'comfortable life.' I didn't take anyone's job, or keep them from one.
ONE COMPANY OWNS RADIO DUDE IDC HOW LONG U BEEN WORKING YOU WORK FOR SHILLS
Your fake news claims are getting old. You're getting old.
and hopefully getting out
I know! Can you believe that you, your campaign, your press secretary, and your bud running the investigation lied so much?
Every time you say "Fake News" all we hear is "the dirty truth Trump doesn't want us to believe." No one is fooled.
unfortunately some are.  His people don't know he is conning them because he can.
you define dishonesty.
.@realDonaldTrump You're under investigation and they're not.
.@realDonaldTrump Such dishonesty: Flynn, Sessions, Electoral Landslide, Inaugural Crowd, Wiretapping, Manafort, "Everyone will be covered"
who hacked my email just as your ppl were being informed abt an article coming out re: dirty tricks done to me bcs of you?
Your time is very nearly up.   Tweet away.
please stop watching TV
Please stop lying. #TrumpRussia is worse than Watergate and you risk going to jail for treason
Pack your bags, Donny! You're going home!
slight correction- he's going to prison and I hope he get f'd up the ass big time.
I hope he does too!
This is how you "won" the election. @BreitbartNews colluded with Russia. This is NOT FAKE NEWS:
Will it take another year to not find anything?
Of course you call them "Fake news"-any news reporting on #Russia for you means 
Fearing
A 
Kremlin
Exposure

Makes sense.
You are the dishonest one Donald. Come on! Get a grip! Come clean and resign. For ALL of our beautiful America, please!
When you're impeached are you going to leave civilly or will they have to drag you out in handcuff and leg irons?
.@realDonaldTrump bro they got receipts
Note to self: watch more ABC and NBC news. @realDonaldTrump
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!


You’re SO getting the jail
You're sounding a LITTLE to nervous, @realDonaldTrump. Afraid someone might flip?
.@realDonaldTrump The walls are closing in. Colluding with Russia to become president to play golf every wknd wasn't worth it. #RussiaGate
I can't wait to see you in jail @realDonaldTrump you megalomaniacal shit-bird. You're such a liar your pants came with a fire extinguisher
Dear Trump voters. Sorry he lied to you & scammed you & will steal your tax $ 4 his billionaire friends. Truth is out there
Yes and we're incredibly sick of all the lies coming from you. Such dishonesty!
I look forward to your trial in the "BIASED justice system!" You'll be right for once, but in a super wrong way.
.@realDonaldTrump Fuck you.
Short & Sweet

@realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump For decades your only loyalty has been to make billions. It still is. So yeah, real news. #RussiaGate
Yea, such dishonesty coming from you RS
You. Will. Die. In. Jail.
Well the REAL impeachment is coming soon!!!
I think my eyeballs are at risk of falling out of my head from rolling so much.
"The FBI (FAILING Bureau of Investigation) has a well-documented pro-America bias! грустный! Erm, I mean, SAD!"
keep fighting the fake news. Stand up to them.
why is everything that you don't agree with "fake news" ? You're totally biased and dishonest.
Preach!
dishonesty is virtually everything out of your mouth, which would mean the story about Russia is true!
could you, for once, back up your statements with facts, Mr. President?
each day I wake up to mass emails with subject lines like "It is terrifying" & "People will die"
#IKnowWhatYouDidLastSummer
BREAKING NEWS! He just left Putin's discussing the leaks from @DevinNunes THE FEDS R WATCHING - http://wegotups.com 
look at those small hands kmsl #marchmadness Mine r BIGGER! My 8 year old too! http://theshiznit.com 
That's all you got for us today? Sounds like they're onto something.
The more MSM exposes itself the more Dem party fails and the more support u get President Trump!!!!!
only you are honest. Everything else- well, dishonest
Only the sold media tells gospel truth, voter's mandate is a fallacy - frustrated LIBERAL 
dude! How much do you get paid to troll? :p @realDonaldTrump
As much as you pay to get "humped"
I do it for free re! I could sample a few services for you!
? Read my tweet again !
ohh sorry love! Yes I don't pay to get humped. But since you do, can u send me your rate card. I will make my rate card basis
Spare me the horror ! I don't to play accomplice in getting a female jailed.
#BewareOf377 
Here's your Russian colluders!
seem unwilling to even consider that #45 & his cohorts & his family were involved with some Russians & approved of it in order to hurt his
Listen troll u have showed American pplno evidence we don't convict ppl w no evidence go to Cuba u want that . No eff off
Do to think the American people are stupid? We know the truth. In time it will be revealed!
Nobody believes you, Donald.  Too much lying 4 too long.  #GoldenShowers #PeePeeTape #TrumpRussia
Nice to have you back, Mr. so-called president.
Good work, Trump. Russia arresting protesters against your buddy and extortionist Putin. And you are mute.
Says the most dishonest man in America.
Stop with the fake "fake news" ! Stop it. #FakePresident
Winning is easy , governing is harder
And you are the epitome of dishonesty , Donnie.
It really pisses you off when they tell the truth. Hold a news conference and answer the tough questions. Your afraid to.
Awww poor snowflake! Do you want a safe space? Or what? Why the the new #MAGA then? 
Nixon.2
After watching the Sunday shows for probably 50 years, we don't watch them anymore,done.Check out Drudge,Twitter,some YouTube and done.
Welp, if you say they are biased and fake, they must be getting close to the truth! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
#trumprussia
#Impeach45

heard some folks in NYC -who know you- talking about how you believe your own stories...  true sociopath
@chevanlevi 
You deserves that racist.
@coreystrickla10 they need to be shut down. We know six conglomerate corporations own them let's take them down too globals
.@realDonaldTrump just cause you say that, doesn't make it so, or wish it away. FBI is investigating YOU
Article 3 of the US constitution specifies death as the punishment for TREASON. Sleep well Mr Illegitimate President
Please get a clue!

trea·son
ˈtrēzən/
noun
the crime of betraying one's country, especially by attempting to kill the sovereign or overthrow the government.
I don't even know what channel CNN and MSNBC on my cable is

What about the fake news reports depicting the violence in low income neighborhoods. I bet the "legal" lethal injections is not documented
As murder.
The fake @CNN @MSNBC @CBSNews networks will be revealed as Hillary loss cover up unfolds! They were reputable networks?
Nothing but lies come out of @CNN  @MSNBC. Can't wait for investigation to conclude to see if they concede the big lie.
So-called President says what?
Flynn is talking to FBI right now. Tick Tock. Nunes acting stupid. Tick tock. Russians assassinating their own. Tick tock.

You are not going to sleaze and. It your way out of #TrumpRussia #PutinsPuppet #CheaterInChief
The MSM is desperate to deflect from the Podesta pedophile child trafficking rings revealed in wiki leaks.
dishonesty? "I'm going to repeal and replace on day one!!" .. liar liar pants on fire ...
congratulations you're doing a fine job keep up the good work very respectfully Robert
Time well spent! Looking for to Healthcare Bill! oh, wait ... 
13 indictments. You're still sticking to your "fake news" cry for help?
Pathetic? 
Sick? 
On the way out? 
On the way into Prison? 
WHY DO YOU WATCH? AND WHY DO YOU WORRY? IS IT TRUE WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT YOU?
we need to figure out how we can effectively but a stop to this bull shit of dishonest by the networks #wuttacrockofshit
You could start by removing a so called president who praises Putin and spouts Russian propaganda ;-)
ur smokin your own rope We had 8yrs of a so called president who praised muslims & iran  #wuttacrockofshit your a f'n joke
Fuck off, troll.
you should know what being dishonest is.
Please no pardons for those trying to hurt america and you
The country won't stop holding you accountable to release tax returns from last several years.
LOL,your the one that tells one lie after another
You are the LAST one that should talk about fake and dishonesty. That's YOUR play. Sad! LOSING!
sure lets see those taxes!!!! #idiotinchief #notmypresident #hitlerjr
NO ONE IS MORE DISHONEST THAN YOU! NO ONE LIES MORE THAN YOU! NO ONE HAS SCREWED OVER MORE PEOPLE THAN YOU NOT MY PRESIDENT
It seems you are the fake one, and your so-called health plan that is hiding from the people
What is wrong with people, why can't they see, you are trying to get our Government back to the way the Constitution is supposed to be!!!!
who is that guy on your left? do the right thing and resign before you do any more damage to our country
.  
 No. They are reporting on dishonesty..... yours!
gambling and money laundering with ties to Russia mob was right under your nose at Trump Tower?
I need a good source of donations?
@william_fannon They've created lunacy,cannot face they brought this on themselves & ratings/careers swirling down toilet
you understand we dont trust you and want you to get out of whifehouse.   Get off our nukes mr. Trump.
Mr. President !
Russia is the aggressor, you want to only speak from a position of strength !
-- rearrange these words. Kettle  Pot Black Calling
do you expect  anything else from the democrats, they ran the country into the ground last 8 yrs.
ANTICHRIST!!!! OR HIS HIS FOR RUNNER??
.@realDonaldTrump If you already had a preconceived notion that they were "fake news" then WTH did you bother watching? Smh at this imbecile
We have learned to expect your dishonesty, but please keep drawing your base's attention to it.
EVERY one is fake but you? WRONG ! You're a non-entity., lier in chief !
your credibility is shot .   Give it up #loserinchief
give us facts to show the dishonesty plz
It's YOUR lies that are disturbing and we're not buying it.  You betray our country.
please don't come to UK!! NO ONE WANTS YOU!!!
Dude, you've gotten away with a lot, for a lot longer than you should have. Best to stop now. Long overdue. Tweet a resignation. Sad!
wow takes one to know one 
what's the matter with you?
Yeah, you know all about dishonesty, don't you? Liarinchief
@Mikebla28456888 The media & the Left continue to make a mockery of R Judicial system b/c they get away with it.
the only dishonesty is coming from your attorney general @jeffsessions lied under oath. Flynn lied, you compulsively lie...
Whenever a story doesn't fit ur delusional narrative it's fake. You've been dishonest your whole pathetic little hands life
Please investigate #PizzaGate.
The only thing that is fake & dishonest is you sir!!!

The only thing that's dishonest is you!!!!
LOCK HIM UP!!! LOCK HIM UP!!! LOCK HIM UP!!! LOCK HIM UP!!! LOCK HIM UP!!! LOCK HIM UP!!! LOCK HIM UP!!! LOCK HIM UP!!!
Could you explain how they've earned these positions, with no experience?There is the Nepotism thing you've ignored? Why??
大美兴，川普王

@WhiteHouse @VP @SenJohnMcCain The noose is tightening #DontheCon. Pence r u ready?
You know the old saying; That's the kettle calling the pot black.
for those 'fake news' .. you should reclaim! 
Some day you might meet truth
you and Putin got caught with your pants around your fucking ankles. Give up the innocent gig.
so,Little Donnie Rachel Maddox just upped the ante but I guess you don't listen to her
They are all BRAIN WASHED...It's so sad I can't wait tell you expose the truth about what Obama And Hilary has been up to
YOU are a fake president!
Their always RUSSIAN to get that story!
@santiamtwit this is what happens when millions upon millions watch the elite owned media conglomerate.
Do you understand that you are going down in history as delusional because of your petulant juvenile mindset?
Such B.S. Not a huge t.v. fan! However I am a very happy President Trump fan
Two levels deep need to go in CIA, FBI and Homeland Security. NWO people, #DTS.
U R the dishonest one! U R a traitor & your bad karma is going to come back & get U. Impeachment is in your future or jail.
if only these haters could get some one to grab them by the pussy they might be a bit more cheerful.
It's the only thing you can expect from them. I am never surprised by their lies. I will only be surprised if they tell the truth.
No one cries theft louder than a thief
got the keyword down now.... when you say dishonesty, it really means THE TRUTH..... 44 AND 1/2
You and your #Cult45 are the most dishonest people in the nation.
I think it's time to heal the country & RE-INSTITUTE the "FAIRNESS DOCTRINE" in media.
If it is dishonest, disclose your tax returns and business dealings with Russia and explain why you praise Murderer Putin.
Nobody thinks news is fake but your fan club. You give away the game when you fall back on real news when it’s in your favor.
We see you…
@DebHedani why would you watch that garbage, we don't!!
#FOXNewsUS appears to be playing both sides. No credible news anymore.

@_jamesbaird_ fake news
Why aren’t you outraged at Russia and the people/companies that have been caught attempting to topple our democracy? Stop attacking Americans. Sign the sanctions document and prove you are not being blackmailed or complicit!!! America First!!
Because he's in on it. He's getting his cut & cuts for his little rich friends. Hope they all go to jail.
They will, they have to!
Truth hurts doesn't it.  These are credible news sources.  Just because they're critical of you and you disagree does not make them fake.
. Lol
Karma is coming to get you. I can't wait.
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
The Russians hacked into my computer. Help. Help . Help
@potus FAKE BOTS diluting your responses will not help. PEOPLE KNOW! A 1000 likes cost 12 dollars. Same w followers
I get nightmares of Rosie O'Donnell.  I CAN'T SLEEP!!!!! AAAGGGHHHH!!!!
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
You'd know all about dishonesty. You know, there's no shame in resigning. Just say it's health reasons. It's alt-truth.
your mouth is going to start a war.  At this point no other country will want to help us. You messed up big time
"Such dishonesty"?  That's right Donald, show 'em how to do it right. Nobody is does dishonesty as well as you!
So fake! Everything so fake! You sound like a child who got caught in a lie & blamed it on the dog.
From the master of dishonesty, the Liar-in-Chief!
