If it still cuts Medicade it won't be beautiful but deadly 4 mom myself & others like us legitally disabled but would work if I could
I heard the Senators on Periscope. They will ENHANCE Medicaid, cut the tax penalty to both employers & employed, & keep those in need on it.
Enhance as in, we're enhancing your lack of coverage, for millions of Americans?
I believe that's what was meant.
You never answer my questions Do you think it's ok for children like mine to lose ACA protections and die?
You fail.
Remember your promise! #repealobamacare & remove state competition borders! FREE MARKET HEALTH CARE ONLY! Do NOT replace!

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
@POTUS a common sense responsible #Statesman would stay & work out #Healthcare. Sadly #Congress has few Statesmen. Just career politicians!
Mr. president@POTUS as long as @PRyan  @SenateMajLdr  is at the helm, you'll only get Obstruction. Please, Congress, change leadership.
The Establishment Republicans and Democrats do not care about the People. They only care about themselves and their taxpayer-funded perks.
I can't believe we even want a healthcare bill! #repealobamacare & erase state border competition like you promised! Free market only!
In the words of Biz Markie, "go up your nose and pick a winner" from the song "Picking Boogers"  
#WeThePeople can't imagine govt healthcare, which goes against everything the Founding Fathers believed in. #RepealObamacare, do NOT replace
Yes, congratulations on murdering 22mil ppl w/no ins. Their blood will be on your hands. You make me sick.
@realDonaldTrump If the GOP members exempt themselves from your healthcare bill, we know they must be deadly.  
@USAF77David Mr. President. Leave health care to the people. Government involvement is unnecessary and socialist.
Exactly, we want less Government, not more! MAGA
Yes!!!
We know  it! They try to make you look bad.They are scared to death that we will see it doesn't take four years to get something done
repeal. That's it. No universal care like you 
Sadly, I can. They suck!
Ivanka should attend all of your meetings.
I thought you called it "MEAN"  Is that what you understand as "Beautiful?"
Good luck with that. You've got BIGGER bigly problems now, thanks to Jr.
Lock HIM up!!!
You arrived in the war 3 years too late pal. My family were fighting from 1914!  My great grandfather died in Ypres in 1918.
Either repeal or let fail No one wants to eat the repackaged Obamacare crap sandwich It does NOTHING to lower costs but gives $ to ins co
I can, they haven't done much so far! Tax dollars well spent 
Exactly they spend too much time in the Capitol Lunch room Rumor Has It haha
The swamp is deep. We gave the Republicans the majority and they folded like a cheap suit. We have faith in YOU and zero in them. Sad!
Do you want a fantastic piece of fucking chocolate cake to go with that shit sandwich? #Trumpcare #TrumpRussia #$hame
Congress shld be made 2 stay in DC until they get something done!  Get Health Care passed and stop the obstruction of your cabinet selectns.
U pulled the subsidies, open enrollment ads, medicaid $$, pre-existing. U ruined the ACA. Ur r going 2 triple the homeless in AMERICA!
Yes kill 22-47 mil people Raise insr cost Bankrupt States Leave huge debts as terms expire.
It's a republic Not A Co of bankruptcies as URs.
Taking away health care from 23Million=Morally Bankrupt. #DisgraceToTheHumanRace
Must do something about insulin prices jumping so fast and high from few years back! No generic created. Minor upgrade YEARS ago! Why?
You have no clout because your illegitimate!  This presidency is a sham!
Meanwhile humans and all life goes extinct from climate change while we argue about other stuff which will end up being irrelevant
They are universally hated and they obviously don't care. #Deepstate and #globalists are bent on obstruction and subversion. 
Traitors.
Please do not take away Medicaid/ Medicare in this new healthcare bill!!!
There is no real healthcare bill, it's just a tax-cut bill for the wealthy masquerading as a healthcare bill for the uninformed.
Push congress to confirm new FBI director . Mcabe had to go yesterday !
Please get gov out of our healthcare 4 disabled in family its not helping please repeal all of it
Congress is supposed to be threatened by us, not you. We hold them accountable, not you.
Repeal Obamacare now with date forward take time to craft alternative. Congress always screws up legislation done under pressure
I don't mind waiting IF it's done correctly! However, we Repubs have said we've had a plan for years but we don't have votes to get it done?
Truth is, they lied to us. No plan, no ideas. GOP is simply an extension of the Democrat party. Worthless
This election certainly exposed the dems in republican clothing. Certain GOP holding out for their own interest, while the country suffers
I do not give a damn about Obamacare light ...just REPEAL OBAMACARE. The free market will take care of it.
guys excellent great idea.... and what about those 23 mil huh? im still wondering
their jobs won't compete w/o insurance no comparison needed
Give Congressmen the same healthcare as our Veterans.
Maybe because there is nothing wrong with the current affordable healthcare act
Cancel their Cadillac medical care and put them on Medicare. They would work out a new bill this evening ??!!  Pleeeeease ??!!
Frankly they should have actually planned on a real replacement instead of acting like jerks. They had eight years and we get this?
I can not imagine that the GOP has 3 women Senators who might as well cross the aisle to give the Dems the majority!Schumer runs the Senate
Believe it.
I guess they will!
Trump just resign while u have a bit of dignity left o I forgot u have NONE
"Beautiful new HealthCare" ? Mr Trump, silly inept adjective to describe life threatening health coverage. Get real. Face up. It's a no go.
You were also surprised that healthcare was so complicated.  Your imagination is like a bicycle that's missing a wheel and the other is flat


Picture this...
'beautiful' is not a description of a healthcare bill as heinous as this one also its a word u use when u r lying so ...
I cannot imagine that @POTUS would dare to leave Washington without nominating beautiful new nominees for key WH/Admin positions
I can they have healthcare coverage no worries for their families. It's not about coverage for families it's about political agendas!
I dont think Congress should have different health care, they deserve to have to use the same health care system they are approving.
Repeal it...don't replace
I cannot imagine that you  going golfing again when you ought to be planning your getaway to Russia. Need any help, cos I'd fucking love to.
For what it's worth....there are a lot of things you can't imagine. Like divesting from your businesses or releasing your tax returns.
How can you expect to Drain The Swamp when you can't even drain Obamacare out of your own Healthcare bill?
Really overusing the word beautiful when youre applying it to bills. Someone get this guy a thesaurus
what u pass it is 4 everyone-yes u congress.  Easier to cut prog 7 vs 8%. will pay 4 great healthcare plan w/o taxes etc.  like that swamp
We can not afford medical care period ...help
22 million people losing their insurance is NOT beautiful
Need a spreadsheet all can understand comparing new Healthcare Bill and Obamacare to show truth of each! No more brainwashing! 
They will leave. And like you, likely play loads of golf. U R disappointing as a president and a man. Plz resign
Trump put your foot get everything done and let's talked about the unlawful things Hillary Clinton did with uranium with Russia
I cannot imagine that u would dare go in public with ur fake tan and fake hair..hey wait is that the reason with ur fascination with FAKE???
I can imagine they r clueless!  Been in DC fishbowl to long!
That was Awesome! What you did here Is Just & Just Beautiful! I been pissed about their Vacation being 6 weeks for decades when drown US!
That's why he named it the Mean Bill..
I've learned to expect the exact opposite of "doing the next right thing" from most of DC. 
The dems like Wray, somethings wrong!
It all depends on if they have to conduct any town hall meeting's  they can't go home and answer to intellectually agile adults
Congress needs to get things passed or we want some NEW faces in there next election!
they had years to make one, now suddenly scrambling and scurrying like rats.  I hope they waste their whole summer trying
Just think about what ur doing mr.trump, you guys are not the only ones on the bout...
In my opinion there's not much for you to be sceptic
Killing tens of thousands PER YEAR by taking health care from 24 million people to benefit UR bank account is what you call "beautiful??" FU
Mr. President, I am happy that you have finally learned to work and play with others. We'll work on doing it well at a later time.
-Hire a Trump Supporter Doctor, Nurse, Insurance Rep., my husband, Thomas Dominy a Pharmaceutical Rep.., who knows McCarthy
This is a new concept for them - They're not used to working for the people.
lets not talk about what people in Washington would dare to do. You colluded with Russia to serve yourself.
Allow middle class to buy into Medicare or Medicaid. Then open market and employer plan. They  just don't want go bankrupt!
u still don't understand congress do you, they will leave there will be no health care bill they will do that after u r impeached or in jail
Make America Great Again by fucking up the people that will suffer because of your plan.
I can't believe Congress would leave 22M people without healthcare.
Imagine that:not wanting to approve a bill that will take away healthcare from 23MM people,has 12% approval and will cut taxes for top 1%
They have had a 8 year recess Donald Trump cancel all vacations and big Swamp slime Ryan and Mitch !!! Drain the Swamp big corrupt mess !
They need to star doing their job, we only have on week vacation.
Oh, ru talking about Obama Care?
True, 'tis sad we haven't got
A health care plan to cherish:
Instead, you made a scabrous plot
To let the PEOPLE perish.
What do you expect when they only work 1/3 of the tea and make $200k. Work ethic for the American people is lacking. Shame on the Congress
Just like I cannot imagine leaving Russia without a beautiful new wife fully approved and ready to go!
#Resistance Pure, distilled, idiocy...
...that rips away heathcare for MILLIONS #causethatswhatrepublicansdobest
@Potus DEMS & LEFT are practicing seditious conspiracy, obstruction and treason. Law already on the books
Fire all of them - starting with @SpeakerRyan
Yeah because they've never left unfinished business before......Ass.
If only the Republicans HAD a beautiful new HealthCare bill rather than just another gorgeous $660 billion tax cut for the uber rich.  Nope.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan must keep Congress in session until all appointees you've made are scheduled for hearing. @DNC obstruction sucks.
Is "I cannot imagine" to Congress same as "I certainly hope" to Comey? 
Wow - I certainly hope not. I cannot imagine! 
Dude, just Dude!?
They are working just like you do from the golf course. Cannot make a health care bill on the 9th I'll have to wait till the 18th hole. Ass

We will hold our AZ delegation accountable! @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @RepDavid
Please repeal it and allow the free market to take over.  Congress..regulate the pharmaceutical companies cost on
Medication.
DRAIN THE SWAMP!!! Sessions should be prosecuting!!! Half the Dems and republicans are guilty of treason! SESSIONS, DO YOUR JOB!!!
REPEAL THE DAM THING. CONGESS NEEDS TO STAY & GET TO WORK, period! Congress do what your elected & paid to do! WORK!
You let them change the Laws on them Sir
Voted 4 @POTUS because I thought he'd call out either party to get the people's business completed. I am not disappointed except w/ speed.
The healthcare bill is not beautiful. Use the right adjectives FGS. Also a piece of cake looks delicious not beautiful.  GOT IT?
Nobody cares if it's beautiful. We care that it provides adequate coverage for all Americans.
U don't even know what is in the bill. You are a disgrace.
Bye bye, donnie. The healthcare bill should be the least of your worries. The leaky ship is sinking, LOSER. #impeachtrump #impeachtrump
#TERMLIMITS
#WorkEthic
Mr President we the voters are watching  Congress like a hawk there will be no safe seats in 2018 if they dont get on board with ur agenda
Congress never fails to disappoint
I regret my vote, can't wait!!! 3 1/2 more yrs..........
You lack imagination. When you agree to the lowest level of coverage under this crap for you/fam, it'll be credible. Get on that, liar.
How's that beautiful new wall coming?  Your beautiful wife's beautiful anti-bullying campaign?  Your namesake's beautiful emails?
REPEAL, REPEAL, REPEAL! Forget the damn spending bill! Americans don't want more Obamacare!!!
Lol get em
right, cuz a straight repeal, root and all, just ain't that hard!
I cannot believe you golf as much as you do when there is a LONG list of "to do" and "must do"s. Get it together or step down.
Mr. Trump.  You have to know that even with insurance people are being denied necessary treatments and durable goods.
@horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of NJ denying compression sleeves. Double mastectomy. Using Medicare guidelines. Age discrimination.
NO MAYBE CUT IT OFF TO ALL OF THEM TILL HEALTH CARE AND TAX REFORM IS PASSED
Kicking 30 million off Insurance, like u and Republicans, is not Beautiful. #resign
President Trump Mitch McConnell in 30 plus years as only passed 10 pieces of legislation joke that is one every three years lazy man
Beautiful for whom? Wealthy? https://www.vox.com/health-care/2017/7/11/15949274/senate-health-bill-preexisting-conditions … #NoBCRA #TrumpCare #HealthcareBill #ProtectOurCare #preexistingconditions #SaveACA
Oopsie, #Obamacare not collapsing. Just rename it #Trumpcare & work w/ #Dems 2 improve it. 
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/study-obamacare-not-collapsing-n781486 … #NoBCRA #SaveACA
In fact, ask #California how #ACA is working. Maybe Rs could learn a thing or 2. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/covered-california-obamacare_us_5936cf84e4b013c4816b639f?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … #SaveACA #Trumpcare #SaveOurCare
No more of this please. https://www.healthinsurance.org/blog/2017/05/17/10-ways-the-gop-sabotaged-obamacare/ … #NoBCRA #AHCA #ProtectOurCare #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid #Medicaid #Trumpcare
Ur supposed 2 work 4 American ppl, not #Russia, not #Exxon, not the fossil fuel industry or any big biz https://twitter.com/RBReich/status/879789358324137984 … #Medicaid
Trump and his GOP enablers want deep cuts to Medicaid funding -- money they want to cut taxes on corporations and the richest Americans. 
, they  need  a permanent  one,  kicked  out  of  office for  not  doing  their  job !
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and...
Don't need to imagine now, do you?  They dared to do the unthinkable.   Better luck next time!  Oh...that didn't work, either. 
I can. #Congress not complete their work before recess... I'm shocked!
YOU ARE A FOOLISH LIAR WHO CANNOT SEE OR "IMAGINE" YOUR SOON TO COME IMPEACHMENT.  YOU HAVE ATTACKED OUR PEOPLE, DEMOCRACY!
That just goes to show U the Narsistic Self Serving out of touch & disfunctional group of turds  we have up there. FLUSH tha TOILET !
PLEEEASE help Illinois
I would love to work with you and kick some butt in Washington.   Put Congress on the same health program as I have choices.
Actually, that's good news..they cant do one.......they shouldnt be wasting $$..let them go home...please...JUST EXPAND PUB HEALTH SYSTEM!
Mr. Presdent it the same old thing with these so-called employee of the people, if I did nothing at work. I would not have a job.
Unfortunately I can believe it.. they are out of touch with the American people in so many ways..
Your and your deplorable ...cult ..just go ...
No it doesn't only the Congress and the senate can pass a law not one Democrat voted for new healthcare let Obama care just collapse!
That's because their vacations are more important then the healthcare of the American people they should be ashamed! And some should resign
Why can't people vote what health care they want? It should not be decided by the Republicans
They need to work to fix it. VACATION IS NOT AN OPTION!!
To Dems - yes you #McCain

You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one
I hope some day you'll join us
And the world will live as one
You suck 
Jackass
If this bill passes, you will be the most hated man in America.
Well since u hv a former congressman Jesse Jackson Jr trying 2 fund raise off my @advocatehealthcase!! Huh? Not so beautiful #Unreal!!
Donald trump daddy gave me his commie cummys!!!
#endcongresshealthcareexemption this will get things done #liveonsame plan we all have to live on
Don't let them go on brake.  Make them come up with a good bill.
Anything else new?  Why do they worry..they have free health care
Bs
I can't imagine you're willing to leave the White House and aren't horrified someone will shoot you
We have a healthcare program that is working just fine! Stop trying to reinvent the wheel... you act like a spoiled child
A
I, too, find beauty in condemning poor people to death so that the rich may become richer. More rich? Eh, whatever.
O matter what you will never come close to President Barack Hussein Obama
Replace Jeff sections with Trey goudy  or   go to the generals and round up and replace 2/3 of the government
Exchange "Healthcare Bill" with "High Milage Buick" and "approved" with "equipped" and you see exactly what you're dealing with.
Seems like could b inv. in IBM stocks could go down for alot if people if repeal go thru. In ocare all us cit. 2 receive implant mandate IBM
Lol they did, you really have no influence over them, they don't respect you
I cannot imagine you talking about A G Sessions after how he was one of the first to support you. He is doing a good job as AG
Didn't members in Congress exempt themselves from O'Care?Even if they didn't,their salaries&healthcare r subsidized by tax$$$!
Why are they going to leave us in this situation ...   maybe Congress doesn't believe HC is collapsing.  Must incl. Pre-existing conditions
Damn, you have a great imagination. You imagined being president, here it is. Now what?
The Republicans and Democrats just need to sit down and FIX Obama Care!!! So simple!!!
I can not imagine a Congress who cares what you think..
you should get @dianebleck to do the visuals and diagrams, make sure you call her on Monday ok..
They better do.
congress is scared to do anything to support you since so many are trying to take you down. Call them out on it!
Need to give it back to the free market Mr. President. Those idiots in Congress don't know nothing about health insurance.
POTUS time to start a new real America loving party to replace our Now obvious Fake do nothing Republican Party & WhimpReps
What a dumpster fire this administration is.
America is so fed up with politicians not working for us. We put you there and we can send you packing! Remember this!
Mr. President we sent a super majority to DC to fully Repel Obummer Care not to try to fix it. Less Government, more freedom. Praying 4 U.
EXACTLY! VOTERS ARE REALLY TICKED OFF! #DRAINTHESWAMP
Someone type up resignation letter and tell him it's tomorrows lunch menu and he needs tosign off on it.He doesn't read so he'll never know.
I can't believe POTUS won't do the right thing and resign!
