So what was in the dossier?
Who took the 5th and where? Who discredited the dossier? What does Russian hooker pee pee taste like?
Tweet about the fallen heroes (one of which was laid to rest today) #SAYTHEIRNAMES
Who can put pressure on them ( the DOJ and FBI) to make them do so.  Somebody needs to go to jail, maybe that would jar their memories.  These people should not be allowed to get away with these crimes.
If the dossier is discredited, then why are you so worried about it?
nobody pays attention to anything you say so stfu.
The Dossier is Factual so release the tape chicken shit!
Americans Deserve the TRUTH! Why do they Hid, if they aren't Dirty. Slam a few days in jail on them. We Demand to Know!
What about your fake university?
We know who paid for it. We know most has been confirmed.  It was never discredited.
You are going to jail
Sir #WhereIsJeffSessions
And have I mentioned today how much I HATE you
He's ranting about the dossier again... You know what that means! PEE-PEE TAPE INCOMING!
What difference does it make who paid for it? (Although it was commissioned by Republicans.) If it’s true, it’s true no matter who paid.
The dossier has not been discredited. Many parts have been proven true SO FAR. What are you afraid of?
Donald Trump is a liar and a criminal he is a sexual predator he should be Impeached effective immediately
Nope, that was total fear. We know who you are.
See what President Trump has really done so far:

#MAGA #AmericaFirst
If it’s on a paper larger than a post it note I don’t believe it
Bot
@realDonaldTrump Yo, read my words, WE WILL NOT LET YOU GET AWAY WITH THIS. PERIOD

#PresidentPeePee is starting to feel the heat.
He's already donated a million dollars to it. GFY
Seen the cancelled check Mr e..??!! Nah .. didn’t happen! But if ya buy one of trumps lies.. guess you get the rest for free!
Have you? Go ask the @SalvationArmy and @RedCross if they got the money. I even tagged them for you.
That’s off this point ... he does pay... once he’s been caught NOT paying! Classic trump. Tho when he pays the $ often comes from charities
No, you're just too lazy and stupid to actually inform yourself, so you sit on your ass all day tweeting that "Drumpf is evil!"
Say hi to your friends at ShariaBlue for me, shill.
You should immediately make public your collusion with Putin to help you win the election.
How many of your administration are going to plead the fifth?
Hey man, we all like to pay Russian hookers to piss on beds, so no one is judging you. #MAGA
Liberals waiting for "Russian collusion" proof.......
GO TRUMP!!! :)
That is the most sinister photo I have ever seen
#oldfashionedPOTUS @realDonaldTrump

Getting nervous, dude?
It was never discredited dumb sh*t
Just how nervous about the Pee Pee Tape are you?
We must repeal & replace the president of the United States immediately...
"We must repeal & replace the president of the United States immediately.."The problem is with whom shall we replace him with,Pence or Ryan?
Please resign. You are only making it worse for everyone involved. Serve your prison time. Its ok we all know you are a criminal.

Shorter version: "Please, please, please, Vlad, don't release the pee tape." #resist
With respect sir, you are the @POTUS you have ultimate authority over DOJ. Order them accordingly
discredited by who, you?

Your defence is as rancid as a Russian hookers peeing on a hotel bed.
The Steele Dossier has not been discredited. Quite the contrary:
They also didn't plead the fifth. But whatever dotard.
#PleadingTheFifth...the MO of #BarrysRegime. When it comes to national security, it shouldn’t be an option.
Wait...who discredited it? Attach link please.
You are a disgrace

I still can't believe you don't shut up

release the pee tape coward
OK
What R U TALKING ABOUT

Your so gay
hmmm
They won’t because they’re all obstructionists!
They don’t care about the truth. They just care about opposing the president.
Your president is a coward! I keep wondering how would a leader tweets 200+ times monthly? Do world leaders tweets more than 3 times weekly?
Keep trying.  Most of us know that parts of the "dossier"have already been validated.  They must be getting close. Feeling the heat?
Who cares who paid for it?
When the truth comes out, it will be of benefit to the country.
If u have nothing to hide, u should be just chillin', feeling confident. That doesn't seem 2 be the case. It seems u doth protest too much.
Because he knows that he did the acts in the pee pee tape.  His no, I'm too much of a germophobe excuse was surreal.
They work for u . U tell Sessions to do it if not fire his butt
They work for 'We the People'.....correction They're supposed to work for 'We the people'.
Yes they do but the pres is sessions boss and wrays and they can b fired they r under executive branch
They're seemingly working to continue a cover up started under the Obama Admin maybe longer.
Well then Sessions isn’t up to Job need a tough prosecutor not a weak man who is napping
Session is also complicit, thus the recusal. IMPEACH This Traitorous Orange Turd Now!
Yup and there’s mueller as fbi director w Rosenstein as prosecutor involved
Wapo reported dnc and Hillary and John mccain got it gave to Comey . @SenJohnMcCain was working w HRC Against u
Nothing has been discredited and you are going down, Pee-Pee boy!
You should Immediately release your taxes.
Of course they did. Now they can all go live the life of Riley with full retirement benefits like Lois Lerner and all the others. This Law and Order thing you ran on isn’t happening. Very disappointing.
Wait, little by little, it is proving true. Just waiting for the pee pee tapes. But I bet that’s what Vlad is holding for the ultimate blackmail...
Maybe when your assets are frozen then we'll have your attention? Your last stop and exit in life was the Whitehouse
It doesn't matter who paid for it, what matters is what's in it...and that needs investigation. We hire investigators to find out the truth..ie police, FBI, Intel agencies
I would recommend you to use something called #Google I think it was widely reported who paid for it, but since you dont read, you can always order your butler to search and read it for you.
@realDonaldTrump
Who pleaded the 5th#COHEN
Please speak out to protect net neutrality! The FCC is going against the wishes of the American people!
Your a Treasonous Traitor to Our Great Nation!

Resign!
haha so we can shake the hand of whoever paid for it!
you are the one who should be releasing....YOUR TAX RETURNS
I agree! AND the @FBI should also release all info they have re: YOU & your Russian cronies...oh I mean 'business partners'...& everything @ each of your business/resort activities. As well as your Tax Returns! Don't think you can get it both ways forever!
Songbird John mccain guilty as hell
Right after you release your taxes.

And you need to release your taxes donald chump
“discredited” Really? By who, you! HHAHAHAHAH
Do you know theiis a more conservative station called OAN They had a one hour long show about Hillary and Mr Clinton I hope you will look in to it The most corrupted Couple in thje USA For this both should go to jail
70-80% of the Steele Dossier has been PROVEN TO BE TRUE.
Idiot.

Mr President surely Rosenstein and Sessions and the FBI should start doing their work or get fired, their incompetent treacherous and devious hiding of the truth is hurting the USA massively, In my view they are as bad as a obstructionist like McCain and maybe even worse.
Transferring the one FBI agent to Human Resources so he can hire more Trump haters doesn’t sound fair to me!
#GoldenShower dossier is not discredited, you are.
Pee-pee story is mostly verifiable facts.
The Rest is yet to be verified fact.
Truth hurts when you’re a liar 

Do you believe this should be immediately released because you believe in transparency and telling people the truth? If so, why not release your taxes? #trump #usa #maga #fakenews #hypocrisy #transparency #politics #FBI #dossier
And your law degree is from where?
We know media is corrupt and #Mueller is a sham! We will give you 4 more years to clean house and put these people in jail! #FakeDossier
That's bcuz they're gonna talk to Mueller. Derp. U wish it were discredited! Parts of it have been corroborated. You're dead meat! #LMAO
I remember someone else also plead the 5th... Oh Donny boy how short you think out memories are. SAD!
Release you taxes you POS
Why don’t you release your tax returns?  Crook!!!
@lbasscook #FireMueller end this nonsense!
it was Mostly proven TRUE...whether we ever see the PEE PEE tape is irrelevant...you still won't sanction Russia
&yet here we are 10/22, & Trump STILL has not enacted Russia Sanctions.  & today Trump is exposed as Putin Puppet for revoking Browder Visa.

Mueller has Investments in Russian hedge funds. Mueller was involved in tarmac meeting giving processed uranium to Russia. Fire Mueller
DEAR MR. PRESIDENT= TODAY 10/24/17 JUSTICE WAS SERVED TO THE MOST MALIGN, MALICIOUS, EVIL DEMOCRAT PARTY IN US HISTORY! BLESSED YOUR POTUS!
No they should put you in prison that is justice

You mean your pee pee tapes? They should be on pay per view. Good way to raise a lot of money for Puerto Rico. I would pay 100 bucks.
PRES.TRUMP, UR RIGHT,  KICK  A++   !!!

Was it you?  The others let us look at their tax returns.
Liar Liar Pants On Fire
Yeah the Clintons that money could have helped the homeless and the poor sure could have helped my family a lot just sickening to waste$
 #resign
Dossier is not disproved-Its mostly proved
Concur 
The DOJ & the FBI have their orders from the President of USA. Release the info?
No they didn’t
Of course they did
#quotidianTantrumP #trumbuesque #trumptator #phlegmball #hocuspotus #doturd #hesnotfit
If this info on who paid for this Dossier Isen't released now, HEADS NEED TO ROLL at both FBI and JUSTICE.
You need clean house at the DOJ & FBI!
& get rid of that POS Barroc Insane Ovomit's hold overs aka "treasonous Ovomit spies" charge them all including Ovomit with treason MAGA
Looks like we know who leaked to @washingtonpost
Oh really now. You discredit yourself every time you open your mouth. #impeachtrump #trumpgetspissedonandlikesit
It's not discredited and no one pleaded the fifth. Stop lying.
“Discredited?” Hardly. Nothing has been disproven & half has been affirmed. What part are you most afraid of?
And if anyone knows about being discredited it's @realDonaldTrump 

#AlertTheDayCareStaff 
#TheResistance
The number of Scumbags from the Obonzo Administration taking the 5th is SHOCKING! Obonzo Administration is the MOST CORRUPT in US history!
President Trump, you are an amazing guy!
We all know who paid for it -- the guy whose sons you held accountable during your campaign.
Anybody working on the taxpayer dime should not be allowed to plead the 5th. The information they know belongs to us, we are their bosses.
#MuellerKnows
Just like Obama wiretap  me
And you should immediately release YOUR TAXES!!!
Naw... Just fix our country. Don't give the left anything to manipulate.
I'm not the left or the right...I think for myself.  
Not saying you are... Just saying the left will distort and manipulate annnnnything.
No need for it. Just #MAGA
I have a serious question about the dossier...did they pee on you too, or just each other while you watched? #MAGA
What? We're you awake when you tweeted this?
They tried to block #Dossier financials. But...they've been denied! I hope this is the #Calmbeforethestorm
Not discredited.  Being validated more and more each day.
Well, just order them to do it Einstein!
Yes, release. Just like how parts of the dossier discusses how U like people to release. Just go with the flow, Mr. President #nincompotus
PLEASE have the gag order lifted on the FBI informant.! You have the power.! All of your supporters are waiting for this..!!
Release your tax records and testify under oath on the Russia investigation.

One or more "Never Trump" Republican(s) paid for the dossier. This was already reported on.

WHY do you still have an OBAMA JUSTICE DEPT..& FBI??? .SESSIONS is COMPROMISED or INCOMPETENT! WTH is REALLY GOING ON?????
Discredited? I think you should look up that word. You obviously don't know it, although clearly at this point you should.
@DeborahRogan Am I the only one asking why does everyone in the Obama clan plead the 5th when asked ?s
They can’t tell the truth bc they’ll go to prison.
It's only discredited in your fevered imagination.  Step down or be removed.

@realDonaldTrump
•Supposed to trust NUNES alone that won't do EXACTLY what did in Mar or worse now that faces LESS scrutiny?
•Horrible JOKE
Discredited by who? You? That means NOTHING! Everything I've read says it's balls on! You're going down Meathead. LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!
Spent that time and energy on making American first they probably would have won.  So, in glad they keep doing corrupt things.  The average
You can bet the Songbird is involved. Sick or not, time for him & Jeb to go down!
you wish it were discredited, golden shower man
Lier
You need to make that info available to public. Do it!
You were caught with your pants down, and literally were being peed on!
Nope/ they simply rejected yr WaterBoy @DevinNunes attempts 2run his own rogue investigation.  You just keep giving Mueller more ammunition
Your the Boss. Order it released
Drain the swamp.

I thought FBI worked for the American ppl. Seems like they work for ppl that are against justice in this country.
CAN YOU SAY OBSTRUCTION?  YOU SEEM TO BE PRONE TO IT.
The only thing discredited is your klown kar administration. Resign
Go away.
Liar liar pants on fire ...  don’t worry I’m sure your very low # of supporters won’t fact check...

They should all be arrested for being involve in an activity that attempted to overthrow our election process. Fifth or not
@POTUS   Uhm, actually a lot of it is actually proving credible. Sorry Dude
It's highly likely McCain paid for it and or spread it around.
Bring all these lying libs down, leave none standing or they will bring our country down
Or at LEAST your tax returns, #AMIRITE?? :)

C'mon @POTUS, why not show us yours? Or are YOU taking the #fifth?
Impeachment,impeachment,impeachment to dump trump
Denied and discredited are not synonyms.
Trumps are freaks! No telling what they get together and “do”....
@POTUS #KeepYourPromises #DrainTheSwamp #JusticeForAll #Grand_Jury #Indict #Try #Convict #Incarcerate
I think McCain had something to do with it
President Trump you are serious , the Obamaholdovers put in justice Dept are preventing any investigations against Hillary Obama  admin

Which do you do more frequently: fall asleep on the toilet, or have an "accident" in the Oval Office?
You do know that in America we are the United States? We show respect for others especially military citizens and FBI #resist #resistance
1/8
John McCain, your fingerprints surround everyone connected to fake dossier
2/8
McCain why did you send David Kramer (McCain Institute) as official rep to meet dossier writer Steele when he had no official capacity?
3/8
John McCain, what is your connection to Orion Strategies, Randy Scheunemann & did they coordinate getting fake dossier to Buzzfeed?
4/8
John McCain, what is your connection to Kurt Volker, Sir Andrew Wood and Eli Lake?
5/8
John McCain, why did Orion Strategies host dinner for Kramer, Volker & Lake on Oct 16, 2016?
6/8
John McCain, why were you "mingling" with Kramer, Volker, Lake, Wood & Scheunemann a week after election?
7/8
John McCain, did you, or your shady Institute, contribute money, along with FBI, for fake dossier?
8/8
McCain you're connected to foreign govt lobbyists, Intel, paid op researchers & media going back decades & activity around 2016 election
