
only dummies and narcissistic losers brag about their iq!  #dummie
Loser. Resign.
That was a grave problem. Maybe we can now reduce the # of gov't sucking nitwits coming out of schools and colleges.
Today America found out that you and your son linked with Wikileaks to steal American items so you could win. It’s #MuellerIsComingForYou
Can be undone. Close Dept of Ed. Not needed or enumerated
X!  Is his signature #villageidiot
That is because You're a Bad Bad Man!  Shame on You, Trump!
congratulations you can spell your own name
overreach is all you do.  You are hated by 2 out of 3 of every american. #bragaboutthat
Good job!
How dare you allow the Russians and their media into our Whitehouse. Shame on you. Resign , before you ruin our country.
I'm tired of people complaining about President Trump when his decisions have made little to no change in our lives yet. Give him time.
You really do need some legal advisers who didn't sleep through Con Law.
Haven't you made enough of a mess in this country? Now you're going after education? You are so out of your element. Resign!!
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:… https://t.c...
Lol seriously sir?
Education has been taken over by self indulgent bureaucrats. Keep these folks away from the class room.
“An educated populace gets in the way of the goals of the GOP. They will fight it at all costs.”
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dan-bimrose/the-high-cost-of-ignoranc_b_3833834.html …
Take need as a cue to view our drain of unserved young, unfed children. Never shove a chop.
My god what a mess we will be in when you're Impeached
Yeah, local educators know best!
you mean MAKE AMERICA OBESE AGAIN and then take away healthcare when they get diabetes?
How'd that work out for you? You can't always get what you want
We need to educate ALL our citizens EQUALLY as a NATION.  This will undermine our country.
Please go and educate yourself first before saying how education should work.
This was about education, not governors. Repubs, no doubt.
Were you educated at a private school? Frightening.
No. Betsy DeVos and her stupid on line parochial schools achieve far, far, far less. Look at you! What an improvement in education today!
making Americans proud , can't speak for the lefty loser liberals....
So you all understand-the US govt. (TRUMP INC.) benefits most from zero funded education-what keeps my base in the DARK! Otherwise it's BAD!
william LeBot:  Never mis an opertunity to shut up.
Did you at least consult a lawyer to find out if it's legal?  All your other executive orders have went down in flames.  Loser
And tomorrow you will sign another piece of meaningless paper.
You don't even WRITE them. There's a book full that you pick from. Do you READ it before signing? You are woefully inadequate & CORRUPT. KKK
Seems that's ALL you're doing is signing orders. SAD!
Remember when you thought EO's were the sign of a weak President? We do.
You should try being educated on how to govern that's what this country really needs. How about learning how to negotiate instead of EO's
Bigly Question: Did you even understand what you signed?
If legalities allow be involved with contracts on Defense. Meet with Joint Chfs and have Army Corp of Eng Design Wall.  Use Def money 2 Bill
By using Defense money you will out for the foxesTake your negotiating skills to all Defense Contractors,and save the money in renegotiation
Call in Joints Chief, find out how much of 30billion defense budget can go towards building wall which is defense.  Play the players
Another EO?? I guess you do whatever Putin says...and Congress can be damned.  #sad #loser #worstpresidentever #civilwar #stupid
#state's rights in education allow horrible schools in certain (generally Southern) states.  #unequal education #unfair #wrong
Thank you President Trump for getting rid of common core (Islamic teachings) My is off to u
Lmao......do you even know what that means? The only statutory anything, you're familiar with, is RAPE!!!
A true man of convictions!  Trump Abruptly Ends CBS Interview After Wiretap Question - The New York Times
http://apple.news/AMxr9D9poSZmR6 …. #Eatfoot
What's going on with BUDGET?#funding liberal agenda?#planned parenthood#immigration#
why r u doing nothing but ex orders and should we prepare for war
And, there's that idiot Virginia Foxx right beside you. NC can't wait to get rid of that loony tunes.
Writers cramp yet
fund managers = comunist aparatchicks.  Restore private ownership
This isn't going to go well with jobs now isn't

Why don't you let the legislative branch do their job and you do yours. The legislative were elected by WE THE PEOPLE, WE PAY THEM NOT YOU.
great thanks for working on taking away protections for kids with disabilities that we the people worked so hard for, and natl stndrds
States and localities already have control over public education.  What am I missing here? Is this a non- issue?
You are great and I know it hasn't been easy!
Remember when you said Obama signed too many EO's and weren't worth the paper written on?? Amnesia again?
More home economist, gym, (swimming pools in high schools) less football and basketball with too many sitting in stadiums !  !  Fight fat !
Wrong thinking...kindergarten means children's garden, not video games !
Teach growing your own fresh food!
The dumbing down of America will continue at an accelerated rate under your reign of stupidity.  What a great accomplishment!
Super. What a day u had
Thank you P.Trump, for letting the local governments deal with education not The Federal  Government, they don't know what we need .
he love white ppl has anyone noticed
Governing by EO isn't showing the art of the deal nor is it going to be a lasting and positive legacy.

Did you hold it up like always and show the grown-ups how you scribbled your name??
Why don't you cover the entire scope of what you're doing here... Love removing federal protections for students...
Did u read it?
You criticized Obama for using executive orders. You can't get your Republicans to do what you want, sad loser. You owe Obama an apology.
Dump Common Core Please !!!!
what does that really mean, explain?
Remember what goes around comes around-the next president will wipe you out and re-establish dignity to the White House. The world is happy
Do you ever even try to work through your Republican congress?  Lazy!
I signed- big deal- means nothing
You don't even know what that means.
EO for enforcing ALREADY statutory prohibitions? Let that sink in for a minute.  Eyes roll. What next?
A very bad move, the states will not properly fund or ensure everyone gets an education.
Do you know what your signing or do you just like scribbling
Today you also made a dooky and I thank you for not tweeting a pic of it.
Maumy God bless you a lot
Very good my President
Koch brothers agenda being fulfilled. Dismantling public schools opening Koch controlled charters. And resegeration of schools.
Thumbs Up
Remember when you criticized a REAL president (obama) for signing exec orders? You're a joke! #illegitimatepresident #unfit #unqualified
so eventually, if you want a person that understands science, you hire from a blue state. if you need a preacher, hire red.
Did you bother to read this one?
Keep pushing bigotry
Executive orders is all you can do....so very sad.
Except now the muslims can promote Islam in the schools!
I hate the sound of your stupid voice
Dumb Americans and their dumb politics. Both sides have made these beds and now they have to lay in them. This mess is very American.
Do you have any idea how bad this actually is? Signing makes you appear that you do not care if our children obtain a decent real education
@GOP can only govern via reconciliation process and executive orders. #Sad
Another EO.  What about legislation?????  No clue, right?

another worthless executive order.... Not worth paper it's printed on.  So sad
Great lets have someone who has no clue about public education or dealing with low income communities make decisions-walk in their shoes 1st
Ok.... Now I'm waiting for President Trump to reverse the school mandate on vaccinations.
More to hate u for.
Yes! Great job. Thanks
I vote for you to just keep holding the pen for the photo ops and let smarter people in the room do the governing
Hallelujah
If you weaken education you'll have More unemployed, and USA will LOSE in competition with other countries where education IS Valued.
Without standards any institution falls apart. With different standards of education in each state military children cannot transfer.
Another EO, EO, EO.
More executive orders....you don't govern, you dictate
U sign a lot of those, maybe one will go through one day
Today you made an effort to destroy education. You may have gone to Penn but you are ignorant of facts.
The better our education for our people in the books and on the field. We need more hands on programs to increase our  economic values.
HUH!!??
Education...USA...Give me a break !
Interesting that only white people surround you
So
.@RealDonaldTrump First 100 days YUGE disaster!!! BIGLY!!! SAD!!! This is too hard. Donny is missing  basic general knowledge, truly sad.
Queens is ashamed.
Another EO.  that is your MO
If you knew what middle-America is facing in our education crisis, you would nit have done that. Read before you sign!
You signed 3x more EOs than Obama calling him lazy & unable to get anything done so he could go back to... golfing.
During the campaign, you said you blamed Obama for too many executive orders. Now look who is the king of ridiculous exec orders....YOU!
njvvch6xx
No tnnkn yuvg
Xg8ool ouiibv no
F7m9c8glnon0okI nh
You never went to public school. Quit trying to destroy it.
Vicious DeVos(@BetsyDeVosED ) is a champion of crucifying a new generation on the Republican Altar of GREED. @OccupyWallStNYC @Occupy_Boston
Stay focused Mr President. Iran, n Korea, Russia...Bring in Japan,uk,France, Germany, the saudi s....Stand firm.
And Isreal !!!!!!!!!!
Another EO? Wow, you must think you'd never get an actual law passed in Congress.  Coward.
Thank you Mr. President for giving power back to The People!
Colleges=cartel=price fixing #AmericaFirst #Trump @Whitehouse @abaesq #CNN @HigherEdNotDebt @finkd @FoxNews @msnbc @ABANews @ofa @BBCWorld
#FlashbackFriday “I don't like executive orders. That is not what the country was based on" - @realDonaldTrump, Aug 2015 → #Trump100Days
