how many jobs will be lost when rural hospitals shut down because of ACA repeal (hint: 1/3 of the healthcare industry.
Like he really had  everything to do with that. Seriously, they were on track for this anyway.
Hi Mr president
Good....We need way more antacids since you came on the scene
let's get industry to rural Oregon.
bing bong  bing bong  bing bong

Dearie, recognize u r in ur dotage. Resign, watch tv, tweet, enjoy life while u r still here.
hopefullly they offered you a better deal than Hitler
Can you do something to stop the chemical injected meat milk an Chem trails. I don't want to die. Monsanto company is the 1
BAYER wants to BECOME TOO BIG with Monsanto trade, something TO WATCH AND BE WORRIED about (TOO MUCH POWER)
But what about IG Farben?
With Marijuana legalization, GMO varieties replacing 'mom & pop' versions, Bayer (Monsanto) should create US jobs.
That GMO stuff is not safe. @realDonaldTrump @WSJ
No more taxes! taxes on businesses are rolled into price of products. Tariffs are taxes. Consumers pay tariffs.
Please don't forget about term limits. Thanks.
Bayer must commit to the curbing of glyphosate. Napolean was about the honeybees. Our leader must be concerned too.
no.  Don't lie

maybe Bayer exec can turn around & convince trump to manufacture trump lines in Usa. Keep jobs here. #livebyexample
#pixoritdidnthappen
you need to read the real statistics.  Yours are so wrong that it us laughable and real sad coming from a potus
why is it that people are wrong if they don't agree with you or praise you? Seems like you have
 confidence problem.
it should be illegal for you to buy stock cheap then tweet something and make a profit- oh wait, it is!
STOP taking credit for all of these companies' plans that had NOTHING to do with YOU!
B.S.--Bayer will save Monsanto's drop in profits due to GMO hatred, Bayer & Monsanto: #EnemiesOfThePeople
in monsanto's pocket. they'll both kill us all.
we will need lots of aspirin if we are in for 4 years of this
right on mate
Not happy with BAYER.  Bayer = Monsanto!  No more #GMO
Thank you Pesident Trump.  Exciting outlook for US jobs!
You're fighting for us
GOOD job my president
I will say it, "GREAT JOB!"
Honey, you're presenting a timeline, not an reason for them staying in America
in other words, Monsanto, GMO foods, PROFITS over PEOPLE! At least the drug companies will make money off it. Now 1 in same
I hope you do not support Bayer AG or Monstanto. I would hope you better our food supply in America and stop poisoning us.
I was wrong to suggest I can change the global economy. These are just business's PR stunts to look good. #TrumpIsUnfit
Donald j is proof there is no god!#two months max
Cum Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc @realDonaldTrump ( @WSJ @JoshMalina #TWWW)
The strategy here is to delegitimize the press because that’s a way to delegitimize facts you don’t like.
Thumbs up!
Bayer is Monsanto! Keep them out of our food and medicine!!! Killers!
@Bayer @priceyharrison @wbalradio @SNKC @godsdog56 BAYER sells poison! They're hated in Europe. @zeitgeistbabe @sacca
Being in Bayer's pocket is nothing to be proud of, little man.
this company is anti life, check out genetic altered food.
God's Grace at its Best, we now have taken over our country back, time to re-built it now ! ! https://www.youtube.com/embed/_LpMB1OZ53g ….
such a narcissist. Me,  Me, Me. My, Me, Mine. God help us...
Just the man we need
You're a liar!
Isolationist oh dear
At some point @realDonaldTrump will realize he's being "played" by these CEOs. Looking forward to future @WSJ article outlining stupidity.
We need incintives for companies to pay better wages and share the wealth more.
Oh sure. It was you.
Trumps army-Lib twitter thinks they are making a statement unfollowing @POTUS.  Let's u & me shout 4 TRUMP! follow @POTUS
that's all well and good but when is @BayerPharma going to recall #Essure??? It's KILLED women for goodness sakes!!
. Just keep in mind that Bayer bought evil Monsanto (GMOs). Ban GMOs.  
president trump can now get to work.
todos los desmanes que ubo en su investidura fue lo que obama creo y michelle .en conjunto con los clinton .
michelle .o llamo por twitter a sus fans para boicotera su inaguracion .
michelle obama boicotio su investidura .
Bayer and Monsanto need yo go away. Producing food with poison. Really?
such a proud day to be an American 
Have fun with this overwhelmingly popular company!
Mr President,  when I call a company for service I get China, India, Mexico, please change this, put these jobs back.
thanks obama!!
All I need to bring Gold Mining back to Virginia, close to your winery is seed capital. Help me put miners to work .
MR .Presidente sera uno de los mejores que jamas EE.UU haya tenido .
dear Mr. President Trump,  why are you not wearing our American Flag yet?
Congratulations
so much self promotion. Sad!
#PutinPuppet
Mr. Trump, keep big pharma under check and out of American daily life!!!
@ALFREDOLEUCO @WSJ felicitaciones y éxitos
My commander and chief was Ronald Reagan. I would run through a wall for him and I would do the same for you.
more jobs than obama ever did in 8 yrs, you have done it 0 days. Congrats


Mr.President Congratulation to you to your family to all USA & whole world  now America is in safe hand ,no war only peace
On what terms and costs? What exactly did you offer them?
and how exactly did you contribute beyond a staged photo op?
@Mir_Bugti3 Congrats Mr President
Stop with all this fake news bullshit...its not a lie just because it offends your thin skinned ego.  Unfit as ever!
l am looking forward to your leadership. Thank you for stepping up!
So much #MAGA before sworn in! Day one supporter could not be more honored to call you President Trump for 8 years! 
Lies purposefully designed to undermine the very capacity to make truth claims.
Snake oil salesmen poisoning us since inception
@Yp142 @WSJ From day one of your campaign i loved you and supported you for your honesty make America great again...
Jimmy likes Elaine
I did this and I did that. Blah, blah. I screwed everyone that believed what I said. Sachs people that I blamed Hillary.
there r 100 million unemployed employables, if U can count straight! I
 how 2 engage all? But U may not care 2 kno.ASK
no they haven't.
does Bauer still make Asprin? We will all need it for the headache you give us.
. No lo quieren solo porque esta a favor del pueblo de Dios, Nuestro Jesucristo de Nazaret lo protegera 100 x 100.
Dude,you do realize Bayer AG is a german corporation with all profit going there? Do you think before you tweet?
Amazing... feels like Reagan years and a real Trump Card deal! Yeah @realDonaldTrump @WSJ
More FAKE NEWS. LOL
Bayer is also making BILLIONS of dollars without paying its fair share of taxes and increasing medical bills exponentially!!!
Great, more fake news.
YAH!  Keep going  Mr. T. 
when a man shows you who he is, that is who he is. I believe nothing you say.
Do not let this merger go through, very bad for our food sources
let's see how that rolls, first you have to allow the merger
EXCELLENT KISS UNEMPLOYMENT GOODBYE! JOB GROWTH IS HEADING OUR WAY.NO MORE 500 APPLICANTS FOR A GYMDESK JOB IN ORLANDO
Stop taking Credit. Such company activities are planned years out. If anything Obama takes all the credit for this!
beware of Monsanto, Bauer, DuPont, Dow, Syngenta
scientists who have tried to warn us of glyphosate have been discredited and ruined.
please look into these companies -Glyphosate is killing bees and butterflies and causing cancer.
How about adding jobs to our educational systems?  That is were we need it the most and will get the biggest bang.
#Mouch
NOOOOOO Monsanto. Gmo's kill
2400 full timers lost jobs @ Lowe's.
Sir Twillick, I am sure U know that AG Bayer has bought the criminal cabal connected Monsanto Corp. Think, man..
you sir will be a typhoon of change that I will be proud to witness
joke
Please, consider the environmental ramifications of Monsanto Bayer merger.  Bad 4 farmers, too. Jobs  at what cost? Bad ROI

When you add 1/10 of the jobs that Prez Obama did, then flap your lips. @realDonaldTrump @WSJ
That's a short string because you have done nothing so far Cheeto-in-Chief #notmypresident #dumptrump2020
If you have this kind of power, there are 3 large employers in my area that are closing or moving. Thousands of jobs lost
Or are you going to blame it on Obama? You have to take the blame too if you want the credit.
YEA BABY!  America First!!!!!!!!!
if you value women's health you need to stand with us. Not @Bayer. Please too many have been harmed! @EssureProblems
The disbanding of Obamacare will Cost 3 Million JOBS....
thank you President Obama
Sir I need some things from you, first bank, 3107519912, 08102501609,so that i can go back to school
Do not push this merger!  Monsanto and Bayer want sick people to boost profits!!
this is what trusting #bayer gets you! #essure #essureproblems
Win, Win, Win= cleanup the FDA! Lose, Lose, Lose= trusting #bayer! #essure #essureproblems #ThursdayThoughts
Bayer used Jewish prisoners as slave labor and got away with it. Did your family do this too?
stop referring 2 urself in the 3rd person.u r not king.maybe u need a psychiatrist if u keep doing this.
uh, it's called pipeline ready for market... #fakenews
in a string of inappropriate gropes.
CCSVI a TreatableCongenitalSciConfirmedRecognizedMedConditionEstablishedCausativeFactor MS & Part43 Other So Called NeurologicalAfflictions!
#CCSVI 
Venous Hypertension>microbleedings >iron>inflammation>free radicals >neurodegeneration #multiplesclerosis
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

#Inauguration #PresidentTrump SALUTED PRESIDENT LINCOLN! THE ERA OF THE TRUMP'S HAS BEGUN! #USA 
yeah because they bought Monsanto and are planning to expand not because of you

From the makers of Zyklon-B, Bayer A.G. creating jobs, things that make you go, "Hmmmmm" Duterte is smiling.
Donald u must stop lying about jobs creation and growth u have nothing to do with it credit must go to Obama
More BS
who cares
I support you but DO NOT WANT MONSANTO JOBS!They should be SHUT DOWN!Bayer buying them only makes things worse!
no normal person continuously refers to themselves by name! We all know who you are!
You now claim Russian hacking had no influence on the election. If true, why bring up stolen emails on campaign trail?
maybe to get the permission to fusion with Monsanto? How much taxes would they need to pay? Bayer AG is a German comp.
l
And how is this different from his plan before meeting with you?
LIAR YOU HHAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS
OF COURSE, it's simple Math you negotiate to keep jobs vs SELLING them " down the River" or across the ocean.. LoL
Pledges R about like campaign promises and we can guess how THOSE will turn out.  Don't count your chickies just yet..
