Barry DARBYSHIRE is a froud and fake. Hes hurt a lot of good people. Zero money he LIED!!!
Do you really want to jump into this line of criticism, Mr. Five Deferments Bone Spur?
The "healthiest president ever" somehow skipped Vietnam with a medical deferment?

Why is this liar still a Senator?  Connecticut?   Never mind..
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For.....
The "greatest military fraud ever" is "Trump, healthiest president ever" getting out of serving in Vietnam with FAKE doctor excuse.
The fraud is you ,never served, 5 time draft dodger,
and you are the greatest fraud....
Lets hear it ALL!!!! 8 years of debauchery and lawlessness. Time to pay for their sins!!!!
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U....
can you tell me who are the Muslims problems
#draftdodger
Beside your deferments
Don't bite the hand that feeds you You need all the friends you can get...Nobody..not even Republicans want to deal with your Crazy
YOU ARE THE LARGEST GREATEST HUGEST FRAUD IN AMERICAN AND RUSSIAN HISTORY!

Don't even mention Vietnam. Bone spur chump.
How low can your approval rating go? We're about to find out.
Sooo..does Putin just go in dry or does he have foreplay with you first?
Your scary
You're really having a meltdown.
Kinda like you're frauding everyone now?
It's like a funeral where everyone says nice things about an arse of a person.

here let me spell it out for you , YOU CANNOT FIRE THE GUY IN CHARGE IF INVESTIGATING YOU , glad to help
The only prisoner will be him and his band of merry traitors
Get over it.. The Russia/Trump collusion narrative is a farce. You people need to dream up something else. Surely you can be more creative.
Get over it yourself.

considering Giuliani for the job? Good because he's going to take you down! Already turned....
Impeach!
Hey... remember that time you had that bone spur thing? #draftdodger
And you and Russia have made one of the biggest frauds in history.
wow u are one delusional little snowflake. Podesta & Hillary are more involved with Russia.  They have medication for these delusions.

Those jumpsuits will be colored in orange soon
You are a joke "Donnie" I regret voting for you, I'm absolutely disgusted
Drain the swamp thank you
did you just bring up the topic of fraud? Ooh, that's your speciality. 
FAKE NEWS
Totally agree mr President.
You'll never get the wall built. You're too busy tearing down people who speak freely. As in Freedom.

What do you believe?
CHILL OUT DONNIE
Traitor
0/698 of your followers thought you were clever. 
Legend.......
you're a fraud!! #coverup #russiagate #IndependentInvestigation #declassification #COMEY
U R CORRUPT!
Liberalism = hypocrisy. Chuck Schumer is garbage.
Like that time you had bone spurs...oh, yeah and last night. Don't point fingers, look in the mirror.
And you are a draft dodger so I guess that makes you even. Clown.
Donnie don't forget the bigger they are the harder they fall You're outta here Buddy it's only a matter if time Ever hear of Benedict Arnold
It's not just Trump the Republicans are on board with him, or leading him to do all he's doing. GOP have been waiting for this day.
You're a fucking joke. You are firing people who investigate you or who go against your policy.
You're a dictator bro... you'll go down in history as the Russian, planted president. Should have stuck with reality TV tbh
You're in your 70s... but I'm content knowing that you destroyed your family's name long after your presidency
You ran a campaign on "lock her up!" 

Now you're saying he was too hard on Clinton and the email probe? He got you elected w/ that u idiot.
No actually this is what got him elected...
What got him elected is an undemocratic 18th-century institution that allows one with 3 million fewer votes to "win". The people chose HRC.
You mean a voting system that allows illegal immigrants to vote?
One of our so-called President's favorite phrases is appropriate: "Fake news".
Actually the joke is you. Mr. Big Shot New York businessman, so smart because you're rich, you must know so much about how to be a leader.
Hmmmmmm :-)
your base is with u... your going a great job
If anyone knows fraud, it's you! #chumpuniversity
Senator Feinstein said the N Korea was the greatest threat to the US and I thought Obama told it was Climate Change.
lYou are the one that is a fucking joke.
Trump is a traitor
I want to follow for the hilarious bashing comments but I don't want to give the orange man another follow
WATCHING CNN AGAIN. YOU JUST CANT QUIT THEM. BROKEBACK TRUMP.
you did the right thing, Comey protected the Clintons from too much illegal activity, he was a disgrace to the FBI.
thank you for firing comey he was blackmailed by clinton/obama,to coverup child traffcing,watergate,murders,corruptions
Do you even have an "adult filter?" #Childish
if you have evidence of fraud submit it
Comey your gone, now lying Lynch, rice, and finally, Hillary. We're all expecting her to go to jail next. Obama too. Dirty Muslim.
You are an international embarrassment
It is time Donald Hitler Trump resign from the office of president of the United States; you have made a mess in a little over 100 days!!!
Watching you speak is a joke that is painful to watch. The level of corruption in the White House today is staggering. Oh most corrupt POTUS
You're the fraud
She'll have great practice with u lol.
Firing Comey is #DUMBEST move by a #FAKE President*
Sad what you are doing to this world make America great again my ass make yourselfish ass screw America somemore I feelbad for this country
GET HIM OUT AMERICA
Excellent job for firing the weasel! It has been a long minute.
President Trump! You have gone too far...Ritchie, I mean Senator Blumenthal's feelings are hurt he insists you respect his safe space
I would have thought he would call him "DICK"
Please pick Trey Gowdy as FBI Director
EVERY DAY YOU STAY IN OFFICE... American's hate you more EVERY DAY!! You are a joke, a conman, a liar, a Fraud!!!  WE know who you are!
And how many see you as A JOKE?
Attacking your critics is like a schoolyard bully. Grow up #PettyPotus
Where did you serve, coward? "I always wanted a Purple Heart". Circus buffoons don't get those you louse.
It President Obama would have been the one too fired Comey all you trumpets would had lost your mind. Just sayin.
Lies. #TrumpistheSwamp #GrabYourWallet #Trumprussia #FireSessions #TheResistance #ComeyFiring #BREAKING  #impeachTrump #unhackthevote
Lock up Hillary.... He was afraid of Bill...#Drain the swamp
We can't hear you, draft dodger.
With all due respect for the room and board you preside, you're the joke. "Richie?" #notpresidential
Sad he's getting away with it. Americans are allowing it. He gets away with anything. Looks like it will be 8 years of him. So sad.
what you say Draft dodger we can't hear you ? #impeachTrumpnow
Stop trying to distract from your own guilt and corruption by constantly pointing the finger at someone else. We aren't falling for it.
I'm not surprised .sounds like a real winner.
Integrity is something you should try, along with humility and self discipline. Grow up, you are President! Sigh.
"...greatest military frauds in US history." Pure hyperbole Liar in Chief".
The only joke that's in DC is you you're making America look like a fool
Was that before or after Andrew Jackson could've prevented the Civil War, you damn dummy 
Put the petal to the metal Pres! Crush the dumocrats at every turn.
The lady doth protest too much. Just sayin #TinyHands
Game over, Donald!
You also created the biggest political fraud in history with your "FAKE" presidency! #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #DonTheCon
when you firing Spicey. We all know he's gone this week so you can audition someone more ruthless with the media.
You have literally had to settle in court multiple times for fraud.
Grow up like Biden told you to. Your name calling is like a punk bully on a grade school playground. Wish Biden could've taken u behind gym
Squirrel!! Look over there!!! Not here!!! Squirrel Squirrel Squirrel!!!! 
Speaking of frauds, how the Golf game coming?  Seems this is the only thing you can do right.
You're the joke.
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
OUR DISHONEST PRESIDENT 

Nothing prepared us for the magnitude of this train wreck that is Trump as POTUS
You are the greatest fraud to our great country. You are making it the laughing stock of the world.
Amen!!!!!  Thank you for calling him out to be the liar he is!!!!  @realDonaldTrump
I don't seem to recall this man's outcry when Bill Clinton sacked William Sessions from FBI after he served 5  years as director!
Ya
Mamma always said when it gets hot in the kitchen burn the whole F###ing house down . Run trump run ! #jailtrump #ImpeachTrumpthechump
Because we know that your reason is purely an Obstruction of Justice, close to the proof. Enjoy your office with Russians now.
don't have any qus
Only topped by Trump's fraudulent bone spurs that spontaneously resolved after war ended. Trump is a BIGLY draft dodger & coward. #RESIST
The hypocrisy is that you supported & loved Comey when he was after Hillary, but fired him  because he is tracking you & your Russian dirt.
This boy has made a mockery of the most powerful position in the free world, shame on you. Grow up!
And your business fraud. You'd be no one without your father's influence and bailing you out.
You should really QUIT NOW while you are ahead... because we will not stop until you are in JAIL.  You can't silence 300,000,000 Americans!
Political correctness?
Calling for resignation b/c of wrongdoing different from firing to stop investigation. You don't get that? #Sad
STOP, STOP embarrassing Our Once Great Nation. STOP making Mockery of USA. How Dare U Destroy this Country, Disgraceful. #impeachTrumpnow
Was that when you were busy sexually assaulting women, Draft Dodger?
@ChristiChat He was great Vietnam combat veteran wasn't he??!
And yet he still has more credibility than you @realDonaldTrump!
can you say "impeach"?
Ironic, coming from a toddler that faked an injury to avoid the draft.
You are a liar sir u lied to the American public about Healthcare ,Jobs, climate change and for what your families wealth?
You're a disgrace to America
I heard someone you know very well described you as "outside of the realm of normal," even "crazy" what do you think?
45 in an orange jumpsuit, c ant wait!!
@POTUS Name calling is not very presidential. Disagree respectfully. Be dignified. Act your age. #1stGradeRules #DoYourJob
For what? Not everyone speaks trump......
Where were you when the draft called, oh that's right you and your bad feet were hiding under the bed crying like a baby 
promises kept. Drain the Swamp
You chose not to serve, your Moral character is Questionable, U should leave this alone! Unbelievable everything you Say or do! SAD
What channel?
Lied about serving? Like how u lied about your "supposed" bone spurs? We all know rich men never send their spawn 2 war. That's 4 the poor.
Correct
You are the most undignified and ignorant man to sit in the Oval Office.  Please take your incompetent family members and go home!
You are a rude lout.
Blumethal is a clown. #dts
ultra leftist DemocRATS have no morals. they live a FAKE life, with dangerous FAKE beliefs
The only phony hypocrite is YOU, Mr. Prez . .
