funny that 5 agencies investigating ur team since july.. better hope guilani dsnt decide to talk.
@NewYorkFBI 《--Sat on it
and we are back.. just  like I said.  @LouiseMensch @SenJohnMcCain @washingtonpost @FoxNews
Stop letting Evil Democrats walk until they do jail time for their crime they will not stop the evil crap they do, notice no one find leaker
Dude, you are under FBI Investigation. The irony..
they don't get it and accept GOD'S and Americans verdict. She was busy destroying Pres.Trump so,didn't see what was coming
what's going on with child support these women don't need it
You won because of the FBI put the results out there during election Fraud that is what happened to Hillary Face the fact
bing bong
Vote for @BTS_twt for #BBMAs' Top Social Artist using this hashtag #BTSBBMAs
and you? You've sold our republic to the Russians. Lying sneaky Traitor Trump
ooopsie
oh sweet sweet irony.
the fact is there were more than 63 million us citizens who wanted hillary to lose
@Time4Trump I CANT BELIEVE THESE POOR DEMOCRA=LOSERS ARE BLAMING RUSSIA OMG! THE SMALL GROUPS OF PEOPLE@ HER RALLEYS,TELL
funny how things work out...
Don't you see a pattern where no one goes after the leakers, why is this , when no one punishes the Dems yet the republican seem to get max?
Are the Congressmen that are looking into Russia link to you during election also looking into the foreign money Hillary used against you?
Would you like some grapes? 
stop writing about HILLARY CLINTON
ass.  
Hillary is a disgrace.  Needs to put on big girl panties and fade into backround, nt continue to try to divide nation. SMH
You're a hypocritical tool.
true or false: you are still using your personal device to send tweets and also using private email servers? I will wait.
so happy you beat the hell out of Hillary you have my vote in 4 years too
The fbi was in your pocket, providing cover for your Russia scam job and stealing the vote. You asked Russia to cyber attack us, traitor.
stop it
Show'um what a great president you will be for the next 8 years, D J  Praying for you!!!
Trump is in office because that is where WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE put him. Hillary was a disrespectful wench with no honor
Tell them to read some books, like 1984 , for example, kill all this pigs :(
There are so many people that need to get over themselves ... Posnanski & Mustafah are certainly two ... a law office?
RELEASE YOUR TAXES - Keep your promise. Prove you have Nothing to hide.
FBI made a mistake at the beginning, the clintons cannot be trusted EVER, don't turn your back
FBI WERE HELPIBG YOU GET ELECTED MAYBE AT 11TH HOUR???
ITS MY GUT FEELING
And yet...AND YET, he said he "respected" her, during his Inaguaration. Bad memory, or liar?
I'm very happy that you have won and you are now my president...I'm disabled and living off SSI. Please keep me in mind ...
God bless her heart. FBI investigating e-mail server and then she let the Russians hack her dnc e-mails
CIA & FBI ARE CORRUPT AS HELL HISTORICALLY. REMEMBER 911/WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION FRO,M THEIR FINDINGS?
Find out investigate them remember they have always lied, cheated & steeled for years
all the people against the new president should move to iran because that's who obama sold us to
She should of already been wearing a orange jump suit.
Clinton needs to go to prison along with the other corruption
Hillary Clinton should be in prison I wish you would keep that promise anyone else would b under one others r for a lot les
Shame on you. Secty Clinton was destroyed election wise from Putin and you, the Putin Puppet! For shame.
no Russians though
With all honesty she should be locked up for what she did!
over spending and Senate and Congressional decisions for or against.amount spent on walls better spent elsewhere.
any guilty proven  security breeches careless national security yes should not put usa at risk as a president.
restoring to a trusted christian nation helps people feel the guilt of lies to America example Monica lowinski and bill.
advisers can really help steer you away from financial deficit increased  disaster as any in office inherite.neg public.
what's past us past looking forward Mr president I see a chance to make usa great however walls built tunneled under.
good luck mr.president.usa a great nation saved communist China from ww2 Japanese so China should be grateful to usa
Killery is a crook liar and killer she had no right to run for president. Our country is really screwed up letting her run
but she does cause she's never been held accountable ever and now the thunder rolls
why are all of these Hillary loving libs trolling President Trump?  Sore loosers much?
so proud to have you for my president!
@DeutschTreue Hilarious Clinton.
you are the political aids
Sir Sen Session shouldn't have given in to the Democrats that he will excuse himself from DoJ inq into FBI.
They are big baby losers
You are SO TIRESOME! Ugh.
It's a fact...She should of never been allowed to run! And if not for a corrupt system....She would of been in jail!
Blackwater. Now your education pick makes sense. Here comes the shit in the fan. #Illegitimate #illpissonyourfaceforfree
glass houses, just sayin.
DECADES OF TIT FOR TAT IN INFRASTRUCTURES DUE TO CORRUPTION HERE AND THERE !!!  Your right to start fresh - the swamp full!
be safe
stop talking abt HILLARY and the ppl who voted for her. The election is over.
I wonder how the Russians produce those massive crowds when Trump spoke or Hillary is minuscule crowds
Leo
probably scared cause ur leadership matters. U feel like a bully and we have all been bullied.
FBI is in Killary pocket she should be in prison with Obummer,Killary lost because shes evil and biggest liar ever
they just COMPLAIN
Chinese  need  democracy ! !  SAVE  US  !!   YOU  WILL BE  GOD OF CHINESE
@belllabooo13 - she should be kissing FBIs feet
don't waste your time on losers, they lost. Or any of the immature media, ignore them, we all see their immaturity anyways.
Clinton and her followers will continue to whine for some time to come.She came,she saw but did'nt conquer
Do not allow them.to throw you off into stress your strong mr president
a senator of New York and a businessman from there cant reach agreements? Feathers are ruffeled
More lies from Trump!  This guy is the biggest national embarrassment America's ever had!!!!  SAD!
Comey did something he should not have done
because they refused to say they were investigating you, clear they were 2 sided, and they shouldnt have went to congress
hater in chief, you are so jealous of Hillary as most Americans love her
HILLARY SHOULD HAVE THE PATRIOT ACT USED AGAINST HER & AUDITED HOW MUCH DID comey and lynch get paid ? JFK 2
Her cavalier treatment of national security info unconscionable, esp when person's lives put at risk. Deal-breaker.
You're right. The real question is your continued ur support for Russia / Putin. Look over your shoulder, the truth is catching up.
What a difference between a woman who has long service career and CON man
#RussianHackPresident...Shame u say her name!
Is there any dated evidence that Huma was really HRC Atty???
starting with CIA Director get rid of the top people,they cause all attacks on the US . 9-11 was designed by US personell
Trump is also under investigation with the FBI, so he will see what it feels like.
God has sent u to deliver his people, not even her or devil can stop u......
because she got caught.
Too many facts for you to understand. Your confusion and lack of comprehension are remarkably clear.
well, you don't seem to be fond of the FBI now either.  Crooked Trump.
It doesn't matter what she thinks because what we saw was protection for her and not the law.
they underestimated you. Didn't think you wd expose her for what she is to the whole world. Her crookedness & habitual lies
Stop talking bad about Hillary Clinton!!! You can't blame your unpopularity on her! You try to blame her for everything!
she has blood on her hands
Can't stop complaining about @HillaryClinton , can you? obviously, you are still frustrated. No integrity Trump
3 million more voting people voted for the Earth, the affordable care act, taxing the wealthy, and Hillary. You lost.
You can tell the stature of a man by the size of his enemies.
Why wouldn't they complain. They couldn't succeed with their scam once exposed.
I am so sick of seeing these negative comments. GET OVER IT! PEOPLE, wake up! I celebrate all Presidents! So can you.
which info this one?
Tweets are only 140 ch.
neither should you have been allowed to run.
her crimes date back many years and the Clintons make organized criminals look like saints
I didn't hear Hillary complain.I heard every sensible citizen of this already great country complain
Hillary is like a thorn in your side... you shouldve never run either because you are SHIESTY as hell... still audited?
OMGOSH!  Would you please get off the election?  Tired of hearing about it.  How about some word of your plans/hopes?
no we are complanning about your treason
Hillary sees right through you and always has.  And you can't stand that Donald, can you?
YOU SHOULD NEVER HAVE BECOME POTUS!
#HeisyourPresident #HeismyPresident
She's bat sh*t crazy!
Your just a twitter thug hiding behind your phone
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
When the USSR broke up a young KBG agent began looking for weakness in his opposition .guess what you're it.surprise?
Don't hand out crying towels or puppies on the 20th. People are just going to have to deal with it. It'll be ok!
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
You will be surprised some of us read books before we tweet.Try it you might get smart like us.
you and your kids probably know a lot real estate and fashion but you're mighty stupid about Russian history.
sir, on fox , Newt talking about blacks being so poor, sir, I get $755.00 a month, I live by myself.
No Donald Hillary lost because the Republican flunkies made difficult millions voters from voting. Stick it to them.
http://www.msn.com/en-ca/news/politics/for-trump-three-decades-of-chasing-deals-in-russia/ar-AAlVDj0?li=AAggNb9 …
thank you Mr President Donald J Trump can't wait till Friday
LOCK HER UP-  DON'T CAVE IN!!!  THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN!
To many not very intelligent people are having access to medias  CNN became a platform for intellectual bottom
You are the reason people are blind
This is exactly what we were asking during her campaign looked like politics invaded what we always thought was A political
Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
whine whine whine
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
She is the cause for not winning. She is the one with unprotected server's and Obama knew it. That's the reason4 hacks
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
politics is a dirty  business stop being a baby when negative things  are  reported it does not mean it is fake.
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/01/17/370-cities-across-world-just-announced-trump-inauguration-protests/ …
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
She should be in prison!!!
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.

Every day: McPherson Square, 4pm. MARCH to stop Trump from taking power. DONATE to support the resistance. #NoFascistUSA 
don't worry "president" Trump. I'm sure you'll be impeached before your mark on our country is scarring. #crybabytrump
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
what trump did . Russia spy .
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
The American people will never elect someone who will continue Obama's failed policies!
