You can't expect an irrational person to do what's rational. Unfortunately that applies to Kim Jong-Un, AND Donald Trump
I know Trump has talked about how great the nuclear weapons are here in the USA and how hard they have been working so hard on it and how
they modernized the nuclear weapons, well, it was Obama who
modernized them, so, it's just another fable Trump is telling us.  His lies
doesn't seem to bother a lot of folks.  He wants companies to bring thier
business back to the USA, and yet, he just granted 38 new patents from wherelse?  China.  He needs to practice what he preaches!

putting "FAIL" here...,(August 10, 2017; 6:05 EDT) #MATTIS #FAIL
Mattis is awesome...he gots this!  I have every faith in him along with our loving God who is watching over us 
God doesn't exist, sorry
That will be comforting to the people of Guam who glow in the dark.
...in which case this would be latest case of trump administration BLOWING SMOKE (8/10/17; 6:05 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #MATTIS #FAIL
"FAIL" 4 THEM ONLY (August 10, 2017; 6:05 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #FAIL
Lil Kimchee must be under the influence of the Ovomit regime. He seems to not believe that US will have to end him if he strikes. Crazy 
Mattis previously said a fight w/ #NorthKorea would b "more serious in terms of human suffering" than anything since Korean War ended: 1953.
Since u just blurted out a threat to #NorthKorea w/o consultation, what choice does Mattis & Tillerson have, but to back you up? DANGEROUS!
Without thought of CONSEQUENCES (what's new?) u drew a red line (as u criticized Obama for doing) & ESCALATED the whole mess. #Trump
I don't care what ur uncle told u about #nuclear weapons 35 yrs ago, u need 2 consult w/ EXPERIENCED DIPLOMATS, not just a couple generals.
The scariest thought is that u need a photo of a baby victimized by chemical warfare to elicit any compassion. Ur missing a "caring" gene.
Anyone who doesn't bat an eye at the thought of ripping #healthcare away from millions of Americans, should NOT HAVE NUCLEAR CODES. #Trump
Wait, as long as ur tweeting OLD #FoxNews, don't forget #Manafort raid, put out 1st by Pulitzer Prize winning WaPo.
@realDonaldTrump #FakeNews
Not watching TV again huh?


The president is grossly overmatched by an average American with a GED who reads.
Hope you are sleeping well cupcake you're going to get innocent people hurt
Just like that
You're just going to tweet North Korea into Submission, I see. LOL
Lol. With fire and fury. Lol
3 Years, 5 Months, 10 Days, 5 Hours, 42 Minutes, and 35 Seconds
Not actually possible.
Approval rating is at a mere 33%. Soon be appearing before a GJ. Emoliencs. Treason. Obstruction of justice. THINK.
20 TRILLION IN DEBT One lie after another zero accountabilty
we need a no pay voleteer gov take the cash out put love of country in office

Don't start a war at the expense of American lives just to distract from your legal bullshit!
Crazy Chubby Child Dictator Kim Jong-un: brutal, maniacal, deranged, paranoid, unstable tyrant - plays with chemical & nuclear weapons!!
3 John 1:2
#Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all #things and be in #health, just as your #soul [1/2]
Amen.I pray for peace especially for all the people who are forced to sit and cheer Kimchee waiting to see if he gets them all killed.So Sad
A crazy man never understands threats. Sane ppl do so they try 2 desecalate. When u have 2 crazy men TROUBLE. Add nukes: REAL trouble 4 all!
So they already crossed the red line, so what's donnie gonna do now?
He'll back down and make us look like the laughingstock we are bc of his incompetence.The likes of which the world has never seen.
@realDonaldTrump official pic of prez working.
YOU wanted a war so bad, with ANYONE!  NO WAR!  WAR BAD!
Fuck stop retweeting Fox,  you have ACTUAL ADVISORS!  Fake president.
Any chance Gen Mathis can take the resigns as the POTUS from this corrupt moron?
. Trump is a coward who wouldn't serve, but will get AMERICANS KILLED..He is an a$$hole
Thank God for @POTUS !
You are grossly incompetent! Sad!
@realDonaldTrump Why RT'ing Fox and Friends again? Stop the rhetoric, try diplomacy. @USAGSessions This is a problem, for many reasons.
At least we have an adult dealing with the situation in Secretary Mattis.
CNN: "60% of Americans believe the RUSSIA investigation is a serious matter".

Kim-Trump
The only mismatch is that Cheeto is even less qualified to be a leader than Kim Jung Un!
North Korean Missiles have flown toward Japan this year and nothing was ever done.
FAKE NEWS! North Korea handled you w their response
This Is Not a North Korean Crisis. It’s a Trump Crisis.
@realDonaldTrump And stop retreating FOX PROPAGANDA! Only idiots believe their .
Stop retweeting witless Fox News! It makes you look even stupider than you are. Stop helping Putin by further diminishing the office of Pres
Get laid get laid.... we are fucked l.
I thought you weren't going to tell the world what our military plans are. #Mosul #TweetLessSmileMore
I guess we watch Fox news he must be sharing his classified reports to them daily
Or they tell him what is going on.
NK  will lose BIGLY!!
Impeach Trump 2017
She still will never be President! Blahahahaha!
Last election we all we're screwed but the worst one won





They may also miss their coverage under #ACA
Is anyone surprised that tRump has us on the brink of nuclear war within six months of taking office?
Bad deals have us on the brink , we just not bending over anymore! Well at least some of us ! #BillClinton #GWB#BHO #liers#cowards
THREATENING..., (August 10, 2017; 6:05 EDT) #GUAM #NORTHKOREA #FAIL
,...or world war THREE is gonna start (August 10, 2017; 6:05 EDT) #NORTHKOREAMISSILECRISIS #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #MATTIS #FAIL
warns north korea he's "GROSSLY OVERMATCHED" (August 10, 2017; 6:05 EDT) #MATTIS #FAIL
@realDonaldTrump How do we defend ourselves, as sitting ducks? Do we wait for nuke  while Trump pokes a rattlesnake? Hello!?
in either case, we're seeing people MAKE news in a BAD way (8/10/17; 6:05 EDT) #NORTHKOREAMISSILECRISIS #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #MATTIS #FAIL
FINALLY SOMEONE WHO DOES NOT TRY TO APPEASE LIKE THIS USELESS PIECE OF PROTOPLASM, OBAMA!
,...because 1 of 2 things could happen (August 10, 2017; 6:05 EDT) #NORTHKOREAMISSILECRISIS #MATTIS #FAIL
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: North Korea responds to U.S. with Guam attack plan as Secretary Mattis warns Kim Jung...
So glad General Mattis fully supports our president & his tough talk on North Korea. No more appeasing dictators! #MAGA
Let's ship all Trump supporters to Guam see how they feel.



,...either NOTHING happens..., (August 10, 2017; 6:05 EDT) #NORTHKOREAMISSILECRISIS #MATTIS #FAIL
I feel sorry for the people of North Korea.  They're enslaved to a MADMAN that would gladly use his own people for human shields...
The madman currently in charge of the U.S. would gladly do the same. #chickenshittrump
That's a LIE and YOU KNOW IT!!...
If you think draft dodger in chief would sacrifice anything, let alone his life for people of this country you have guzzled the koolaid.
And you are seriously deranged if you believe Trump is like Kim Jong Un.  That's a sick, sad analogy...
China better get off it's ass & quiet this little punk in N. Korea else they'll have a huge problem on their side of the world.
Russia better get off it's ass & quiet this little punk in Bedminster, NJ, else they'll have a huge problem on their side of the world.
These ppl have huge issues. They just hate Trump. They're Soros brainwashed.
yep. makes me sick.
We didn't elect a serial child rapist to the WH & claim he was "sent by God".
You have no idea what you are doing. 

Resign.
Yes I agree it is time for Colbert to go!
Colbert is an American hero.
That's an insult to our true American heroes!
That depends on your definition of a hero. Colbert resists the fascism and chaos of the current administration. A bastion of free speech.
Heroes = soldiers who fight for this free country of ours, put their lives on the line, & defend our Nation. U can Thank them free speech
Be adults. Trump and Kim must meet in China.
Kim Jung Un:
Everyone know that North Korea is "overmatched". Only turds reply to them by stating that.  I long for the days of response...not reaction.
Chances are Guam is so small North Korea will miss it...but we'll have coral reefs that glow spectacularly afterwards....

Liberals are not worried about Trump starting a war - they love perpetual war, real & intellectual - Liberals are worried he will end wars!

The last thing the world needs is 2 knuckleheads squaring up to each other with their fingers on nuclear buttons. Peacock posturing. 
@realDonaldTrump Fox&Friends, Fox&Friends, Fox&Friends. Just like old @joycekrawiec with her townhall. You repeat the official State News...
...and we didn't even realize Trump was a communist until this State News business!!
congratulations!
So you take your marching orders from propaganda television, and your staff strokes your ego daily with the #propagandadocument. #SAD
Let him aim it directly at you 
So they've threatened Guam. Is Trump going to start a nuclear war now?  I don't think so. Trump doesn't have the mental wherewithal for this

Guess who made $ from attacking Syria and will make $ again for North Korea defense   TRUMP will make money again from war, scandalous
The decision rests with Kim!!!!
Propaganda 101>>>
At JFK, fakenews @CNN blaring-cannot trust them 2 report real news. I Do not watch propaganda news @tony_sanky @CNN
That ought to stop him. I bet before he knew he was outmatched he really had some courage. Wonder how hes taking the news... Assholes.
Don't mess with Mattis, "Kimmy"
I just adore Mad Dog!
#FAKENEWS #SAD
Don't worry about Guam congressman Johnson says it is going to tip over
Is he on the Intelligence Committee? Lol.
# American# Strong !!!
all you got to do is ..The diplomatic way ....
Stop threatening to annihilate the world.
#Trump : "Kim Jung Un is a smart cookie"
 Kim Jung is Now Testing US.
US #mattis must prove US missile shield works to shoot down missiles.
Love hath no brother, defined by greed. Evil and the wicked rest easy on the fruits of those willing to fight, 'til our sword they inherit.
you were quoted by @newscomauHQ
No credibility,  what a shame! Top brass to turd.
Nuke em till they glow. Then shoot em at night.
Love the General...
Change the name from FOX & Friends to "Trump's Dick Lickers."
I guess Mattis hasn't checked with his Navy in the South China Sea lately. Hmmm what are they not saying? NK subs, where are they?
They not thinking ass hole about war they will do it nothing to lose let not see what they going to do with Guam then what ? GIVE ME A CALL
Why can't we just take out their middle sit with a stinger and put this to rest?
https://youtu.be/01-2pNCZiNk 

War!!
What it is good for..
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!!

Mattis is gonna make mince meat of these wannabes.. truth!
All well & good but! u & Trump are putting Transgenders out of Military so send Trump's boys 2 fight this war Trump & u mean 2 step down
May God guide your steps and give you wisdom Mr. trump. Thank you for standing so strong for our country!
N. Korea, Syria and Iran.... let's see what's the common denominator?  NO ROTHSCHILD KHAZAR SYNAGOGUE OF SATAN PRIVATE CENTRAL BANK
What does that mean, "responds with Guam attack plan" Does he think he's Obama?
#Trump Distraction that will cost lives #NorthKorea
DPRK telegraphs so the US won't immediately retaliate. 

US should fire 400 misses off DPRK's bow if they do it. Respond in kind 100-fold.
Just get rid of the fat little man Just  do it for Petes sake
I don't think the USA deserves allies when the big dumb pumpkin fucked everything up just by being himself @realDonaldTrump
No!  I BELIEVE THAT TRUMP IS OVER MATCHED "
Could you PLEASE NOT start Fucking WWIII!!! For the love og GOD man!! Stop it!!



Nobody is afraid of old white men. Trump is weak and insecure. SAD

I think this is a Warning to North Korean leadership to take KIM out before he Destroys the entire Country of North Korea!  They can do it!

We just need to bomb him already. My hope is for mattis to get permission for a pre-emptive strike and complete nuking of N korea.

POTUS literally gets his talking points from a show called Fox and Friends ...

but @realDonaldTrump would be so relieved if California got struck by a nuclear weapon. He doesn't give a shit about the West Coast. #Resist
Kim must have a death wish.  It's for sure he doesn't care about his people who he is starving to support his military efforts.
TRUMP, SHUT UP.
DO WHAT SOUTH KOREA ASKS YOU TO DO.
DO NOT START A WAR
Where did NK get the money and material to build their huge arsenal and shoot off rockets like firecrackers?
At least Kim Jong Un will die well fed. I think poison might do the trick. How about opioid poisoning. Blame it on shellfish. ..lol
Nukes can destroy the planet. NK will succumb to condemnation from around the globe if they follow through.
I pray everyday that you are removed asap from having presidential powers.
He also said war would be devastating. Tell the whole story.
Ever since I was a wee lad I dreamt daily about nuclear war. Thanks for making America garsh darn great.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4780602/China-stop-America-attacks-North-Korea-first.html …

#China

#JC4PM and quick; world's gone mad.
Kinda hard to use diplomacy when there's no Ambassador to South Korea, no State Department left.


We don't want war but we have to put this Criminal to rest. This man is a threat to the world At Large. Thank Clinton for then nuk reactors
our irrational crazy man is better than their irrational crazy man??  LOL

#rapistdonaldtrump far out of his element  WORST PRESIDENT EVER!!

60+ lawmakers sign a letter to Tillerson rejecting Trump's "irresponsible and dangerous" statements on North Korea. (via @RepJohnConyers) 


http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/donald-trump-und-nordkorea-zum-totlachen-kommentar-a-1162390-amp.html …
Thank you Grneral. And he backs POTUS. Good teams whn u have respect. #MAGA
Attack PLAN is NO attack. They are bluffing, nothing more.
#FakeNews  #25thAmendmentNow  #TrumpShouldResign
Mattis is a war criminal! No empathy just plain Nazi standard storm trooper. Satan is waiting for him.
Trump & Mattis!! They got this!! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
This duck bot is really strange. Do anybody actually believe that's real? Asking for a friend.  Mueller FBI raid sanctions 
NO WAR!!!  And get OUT of Afghanistan. Remember Russia, bogged down for years and NO change.
Our Allies are saying who let crazy loose in the WH?
Did you think he hadn't noticed already?

RE - N.KOREA "Having personally met with @realDonaldTrump a few days ago in Washington DC - WE COULD NOT BE IN SAFER HANDS" John Mappin
Kim can bend over and kiss his fat _as good bye!
Trump actually THANKED Putin for expelling American diplomats. He can't say a bad word about his boss.
#FakeNews


OH GREAT! SO WHICH BOY HAS THE BIGGER TOY NOW? DON'T START A NUCLEAR WAR! IT WILL DESTROY THE EARTH!
Sometimes ya gotta ask for forgiveness not permission.  Cant play games with a lunatic with nukes.
PROVE IT TRUMP! The same govt & MSM that lied about 9/11, Gulf of Tonkin, & Iraq throwing babies out of incubators! LIARS FOR BANKER WARS
