Is mornonic a compliment? Always be respectful. Be kind 
Start with your own advice. Attacking Presidents is not being kind. Rioting and destroying is not kind.
Who's attacking? Not me? You're right, rioting is not kind. I'm not the one doing it? So...?
@DonaldJTrumpJr We wrestle not against flesh & blood, but principalities, powers, evil in hi places. Church must pray 4 win
If it worked what would all those no count thieves do???
how can they do that befor you ask someone to be in your cabinet you fired everybody and didnt replace them you are a fool
I am personally ashamed that you would choose an attorney who lied under oath to be the federal government's top lawyer.
Melania, your liking my post gives me hope. I don't think your husband understands that the people appointed to the Cabinet are unqualified.
at least they didn't endanger our environment's future... 
#Parisclimateaccord
@JewelsJones1 Despite leftwing media reports & Soros-sponsored staged airport protests, most Americans support #MuslimBan
When are you gonna get rid of the leak? Hopefully you know who it is.
What about when congress wouldn't confirm @BarackObama @Scotus nominee? Why should they move fast on your nominees?
It's ridiculous!
Commander in thief and liar in chief. SAD
D.C. Don't work because we have 2partys the government pits us against each other bye having a left an a right no middle gr
hopefully this happens soon

Sessions @GOP this should motivate #Republicans to go register new voters in every state where the #Democrats are coming up for reelection 
 the Republican Party has held the Supreme Court seat hostage for 300+ days. You reap what you sow.
@potus Trump bring shame and his own stupidity to D.C..
Following Obama's directive when he met with Democrats  at Capitol prior to leaving. Obama,MSM, Democrats want to obstruct
as fast as Republicans confirmed President Obama's SCOTUS pick. Republicans elevated obstruction 2 art form.HYPOCRITE
Don, Don, Don, Donnie, Don,Don. Keep up the the good work an it will be all alright. Real horrorshow! Much luv Alex!
all you Democrats, myself and the American people totally fed up withyou it's Mr President's way or the Highway get with it
Maybe you should have picked more qualified people for your cabinet.
and they're not invited to your birthday either! #presidentialpouting
all aspects of government should be looked at from many different angles, to push for a nationalistic America is great...
for economy and environment It shrinks our ties with the rest of the world, less everything, including our ties...
Hey, I thought you were The Guy Who Coukd Fix It!  Sad. WRONG.
If the Left and GOP were not screaming at the top of their lungs, Mr. President, you would not be doing your job.
Dems are part of the same country that you are "supposedly" leading, be nice!
aka #crookeddonald @POTUS aka #fakeprez They're working just like you rePUBES did to vote on SC nominee. Enjoy! 3mil loser
@WAGNERGIRLE please remember who the obstructionists were/are. One day they will need your support & help. Let them squirm
How short is thine grasp of  what it takes to unify.
It did work when you weren't in office
I have to agree with you and when are they going to uphold the oath they took to protect and defend the Constitution?
I love your press secretary Spicer love his honesty to the lying press All jobs fire people who don't show up to meetings fire cong. MAGA
Hmm maybe ask your partners in crime about Merrick Garland. But hey, you can whine and complain.
@POTUS it will not work for you, illegitimate, corrupt and unstable.We are watching Bannon #WORSTPRESIDENTEVER
@POTUS when did the Republicans give the Democrats the SCOTUS? Oh wait they didn't...
how long did the republicans dither on obamas scotus pick? Sucks when what goes around, comes around, doesn't it?
That's because they are all swamp-dwellers! You said you would empty the swamp, but you're filling it! #PresidentBannon
Spot-On, still have water in the swamp yet to deal with.
your cabinet has the collective IQ of a sea slug and you FIRED the AG but  yeah the dems are doing you wrong 
dems have to grand stand first so they can say they tried to their brainwashed liberal base.
Isn't this treasonous ?
You had a wonderful Attorney General you just fired. Now we will NEVER let you have the rest of ur Cabinet! #notmypresident
@POTUS republicans blocked every step of Obamas presidency while you cried he was illegitimate. HYPOCRITES SHAME ON YOU ALL
SHAME On YOU MR PRESIDENT!!!!!!!!!!'
when you get real people for them to confirm
THE PEOPLE OF THE USA WANT OUR CABINET CONFIRMED AND DEMS WILL PAY THE PRICE FOR DELAYS! 'WILLFUL OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE"!
the hundred of thousands of people in marches and protest should be a pretty clear indicator everything not ok
Deuteronomy 28:10
And all the peoples of the earth shall see that you are called by the name of the Lord, and [1/2]
they shall be afraid of you. [2/2]
its ur fault 4 picking rich people who have no experience 4 the job. Why r u trying 2 b dictator? #impeachtrump
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
When HELL freezes over. Puppet.

I appeal to you Mr Trump,as much as I have realised you as the most powerful presisident of the universe.plz plz plz plz
Take a Ritalin and settle down. Maybe if you hadn't appointed clowns with the collective IQ of a goldfish.
@Support @jack 

Why are you intentionally breaking these threads to Trump?

Is this a special feature for
Elites you provide?

What else do you do to suppress comments?

Please educate us.
I know it. Happens to both Clinton and Trump tweets. VERY uncool.
You have lost my support with your shoddy rollout of executive orders.  Please, Aim before you Shoot!  Yikes!
"Go nuclear" -- enough of Democrat obstructions
You have the majority of the house AND Senate.
it doesn't work because YOU don't have a clue HOW it works you are NOT KING
Keep doing the great job!, Mr. President Trump

Great Call Mr President.Amen
you and your family Paul Ryan and Mike Pence  ,Mitch McConnell get the hell out of our Whitehouse  now
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonde...
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Sadly I am ashamed of you. This isn't a game do the right things get nominees that deserve the job not just the ones
And you're not helping things. You should be ashamed of your disrespectful, hurtful, and schoolyard behavior.
The only 1 being disrespectful, hurtful, and childish is you. He's trying to save u but you are oblivious to it.
save us from what ?
From yourselves! 
address my question.
Dems have no shame, you need a conscience to feel shame @realDonaldTrump @feeedomsguard
no conscience, no standards, no responsibility
Horrible way to live....No wonder leftists are so angry all the time @feeedomsguard @realDonaldTrump
insatiable entitlement
I could never be happy relying on the government to make me happy  @feeedomsguard @realDonaldTrump
but a bag of junior mints always helps me. 
 @AWright1971 @feeedomsguard @realDonaldTrump
good morning btw....where's me coffee? Lol
We would have them if you chose competent people who aren't out to tear down all that's been built for the last 40 years.
When will Congress give us Merrick Garland! They should be ashamed of themselves!
don't worry.  Most of these liberal congressmen and senators won't be here after their term is up.
They only are doing what the Rep. did to Pres.Obama.  Your cabinet noms. are totally unacceptable!
Merrik Garland? Remember him? You're an embarrassment.
I wondered the same thing when Republicans refused to vote on @BarackObama Supreme Court nominee...at all.
I am praying for you quote and lead us not into temptation. But deliver us from evil."
having a white supremacists by your side is not a way to show that you want to bring this country together
Guess you haven't watch how the Republicans behaved in the last few years!!!
Like how the Republicans gave Obama's SCOTUS pick a hearing?!? Yes they should be ashamed. Karma'a a bitch ain't it?!?
where were you when the Republicans were obstructing progress? #hypocrisy #resist
As I'm sure Reps are so ashamed of themselves for sitting in their hands for EIGHT YEARS!
You  just  took  all  the  regulations  undid  them. And let wall  street  and  all the  big wigs have a  free  for all
Your AG is Steve Bannon (who called you his empty vessel) pick to forward his white supremacist agenda.
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
boo
we have to pray that they will do the right thing President Trump.  That sounds so good;  President Trump!!!
Kinda like when R's refused Obama's nominee? DC doesn't work because the republinuts stonewall. I say-you're all fired!
#pixoritdidnthappen
Stay strong Washington is broken. We The People want the swamp drained.
eye for an eye. Karma
maybe when you put up decent people to be vetted we do not trust you sir
How much does your daughter cost?
exactly they dont get it. Gabe
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
from someone who knows to shame, it's because your picks are poisonous to our democracy
@drgenius1970 They don't want a REAL AG in US GOV!
God bless you President Donald Trump
don't give up. Keep pushing forward and do what you do best!!
DC hasn't worked since the Carter administration
you and those acting in simplicity are the reason D.C doesn't work
talk to Mitch McConnell...he's the queen of blocking nominations and stopping Congress
no Washington doesn't work because the Republican Party refuses to cooperate a monkey would do a better jon
Republicans sat on their asses for how long previously all while getting paid to refuse to work?
DC doesn't work because of the deep bipartisan politics. If you want to change that get rid of the two party system.
Yes.
amen. You can do it Mr. Trump
agreed!
You’ll never be the man your mother is.
idiots
Why do you want to be known for this?  It isn't going to be favorable.  You had a chance to be awesome. EPIC FAIL SO FAR!
@godisgood1961 Did the reps even give Judge Garland a hearing? U r hilarious! Rent a hall and entertain ppl bc u r a clown
It wasn't his time. There is precedent & they followed it during re-election. Obama got 2 picks & that was plenty!
wow, Globalist has bought to many people
Wining babies!
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
crooked cheat and traitor
now it's time to fire all remaining Obama & Clinton appointees. Drain the swamp!
yea, now you know how Obama felt when his choices were withheld. Merrick Garland anyone? Hypocrisy by the orange buffoon
raise off my PRIVATE @advocatehealth legal case? I he worked n DC that I AGREE doesn't work & I NOW hv d #HolySpirit whom
omg are you kidding me? This is what the republicans have been doing for the past 8 years
instead of wasting billions of dollars on a wall that will be ineffective...put more money towards work programs for vets..
Merick Garland
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
what goes around comes around
They are a disgrace!
just not working for you
@POTUS didn't work when Republicans held up everything Obama tried to do, stop crying
Save your breath – you’ll need it to blow up your date.
everyone of your appointees has power over you because they see how weak you are! Bannon has you on a leash!
did you forget Republicans shut the government down because they didn't get their way...
Stuff it!!! The Republicans didn't give "WE THE PEOPLE" our attorney general for 10 MONTHS. Stop whining. #BULLY
I’ve seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
@POTUS maybe the republicans should have let Obama pick the replacement for judge.  Karma baby
no you should be ashamed of yourself for deceiving the American people!
you should be ashamed of yourself, filling the swamp to the brim with your buddies.
I am ashamed of you lowering the office of the Presidency to your standards.
where were you when Republicans were holding SCOTUS hostage for a year#Trumphypocrisy
Trump freaks out when Democrats do to him what Republicans did to Obama. Sad.
@MrMbruno They are Scared. HRC said "If Trump wins all of our necks are in the noose". Must be a lot of crooked necks #MAGA
Just like the Senate GOP should've been ashamed for not holding any hearings on Garland?
I really think the demócratas are lost here still shocked by defeat They really are lost so it's create chaos
Got to call you out on this one! Bad choices get bad results!
much like the eight years the Repub congress wasted of taxpayer money between 2008 and 2016? #resist
they will fight you every way possible, they are jealous Republicans won everything. Acting like crybabies
If your nominees weren't so unqualified maybe they'd get confirmed.

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN WE SHOULD HAVE HAD A REPLACEMENT FOR SCALIA A YEAR AGO.  YOUR ALZHEIMERS IS ACTING UP, SCREWBALL!
you just want everything to go your way, like a spoiled child
The Democratic Party isn't doing anything different than GOP did to Obama the last 8 years. Also, you made some bad pics.
#globalist obstructionist
if you would have been more prepared with a transition team you wouldn't be in this position.
Ask President Bannon these questions.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
@youlivethrice I'm ashamed at the Democrat's not coming to conclusion America is a democracy, can't you fire 'em!
it doesn't work because our "leader" is more concerned with tv ratings than the rights of our people
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Dc sucks was. You should hire me to beat the shit out of the fake press. Is do it for a fair price. I got all their identities now
when will you do what's right ? Not what is easy. We are honest people. Keep up
DC worked just fine, until Jan. 20, 2017, now DC is far beyond broke. And YOU sir, make it impossible to fix w/ your team.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
Karma.
fire Flynn.. If he lied to the v President he can't be trusted
You don't know what "shame" is. Even if you did, you have already confirmed that you won't say that you are sorry.
Ты ужасно ужасно глупый опасно катастрофическими повод для президента, и это даже не две недели! #Оказывать сопротивление
@SenateGOP Please provide professional bipartisan messages from the GOP
GOP blocks Dems for 8 years....remember?? Grow up already.....
When you pick members that are good for the people and not to better the OLD MEN CLUB
I agree
they a small taste of the BS they dish out to @POTUS44 THAT IS A REAL PRESEDENT
