With all due respect, people are still flooding over the border.nothing has changed under your watch. Let's work on that before the kneeling
Or, they could continue to treat their players with respect, as Americans with something to say. Maybe you should pay attention.
The NFL allows freedom of expression, unless your number is 78. Made to feel ashamed. Fought for freedoms denied. #NFLBoycott
this is only about trump pandering to his base because he's under criminal investigation for cheating in the election with Russia
The only way out of what? What if they set a rule that said if you threaten or harass women you're out. We could kick you out as well!
The Revolutionary War started April 1775.  The flag was not created until June 1777.  The TRUE patriots fought for the PEOPLE of our country
Who are we North Korea?
spent 1/2 day at VA hospital helping a vet-I see so many amazing veterans & it makes me angry thinking about ppl dishonoring our flag!!
the only way out of what? do you plan to destroy them like North Korea? "Tiny Rocket Man" are u threatening them with your futility?? #NFL
.......is it?
Cunt
Ok stop it! There are more important things going on than guys Standing for a football game!! Like PR HELP THEM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSoQIACO6ns …
Omg STILL WITH THIS 
PUERTO RICO PUERTO RICO PUERTO RICO PUERTO RICO
USCODE 227. This is an ILLEGAL statement @realDonaldTrump
We all need to gather in front of the White House and chant "get that son of a bitch out of our house right now, he's fired. He's fired!"
stupid white woman
haha,and Trump got 4400,0000 followers，why don't you listen to him?
Your so-called presidency is the biggest shame to our flag. Your followers are falling for this because their patriotism is shallow.
Not a fair assessment. Feel free to not like trump but not fair to imply others patriotism is shallow.
Thanks for your reply. Standing for the anthem is disingenuous if you ignore the cries for justice of your fellow citizens.
See, I think u can do both. Support the country and work toward change. Standing for the anthem doesn't mean you ignore other issues
I appreciate your attitude. My observation is that most ppl up in arms about standing/kneeling care about the pageantry-the easy part.
As usual @realDonaldTrump
Your lost in the bushes
Trying to make this a flag respect issue 
When it's about 
racism 
Bigotry
violence
Good
Typical black ghetto thug. Send al kneelers back tp Africa
Um. First amendment rights. Do you not get this? I wonder how much you actually understand about our country, the constitution, you know...
That doesn't apply for Private Companies, but you wouldn't know that. Go save a tree
And how legal is an executive using position to force private entities to do something?
That is already in the NFL rule book! The NFL and players are ignoring the rule because they hate Pres Trump!
RULES OF  national anthem is found on pgs A62-63 league rulebook.
The Ntnl Anthem played prior to game,  all players must be stand,face flag
Is this the biggest issue you have going on? That's a right to take a knee. I don't agree with it but I respect his right.
Wondering Why this was Blocked by Twitter? A Black Man Talking Black Issue? Seems like the Perfect Demographic to Answer Questions? No?Why?
Sorry! What Bugged Me is Your Tweet is Blocked Too Sensative. Crosshair on POTUS Head Goes On But Your *Sensative Material*?
God Bless You as Well! Wow Never got a Personal Tweet! Very Generous of You! Just Bugs Me When Common Sense Blocked! Liberal Agenda!
Yeah the Devil's Working Overtime! Just Sucks When *Truth* Becomes the Enemy. I'm Old! I Still Remembered School Prayer! No School Shooters!
Visit Puerto Rico...
Gosh, I bet that they've never thought of that! Thanks, Mr. President! You're the greatest!
#BonesSpurs #DraftDodgers
Although I agree with you, the people have the freedom to do as they damn well please.
Stop it and you can’t tell them what to do
The only way out from what?

They probably won't let you tweet from jail, so why not practice not tweeting now so you'll be ready.

If anything we as BLKS have more opportunities if we choose to use them. Black only scholarships, affirmative action.. YOU ARE NOT OPPRESSED
Talk when you drive at Night alone &  Get  Stopped  by the  Police.. You are a  LYING Sell out
Gold Star Widow destroys #TakeTheKnee SJW Morons/NFL.
Liberals, listen up right now. Your "Resistance" is futile.
You don't seem to know what they are protesting and the women doesn't seem to know what they fight for .  Ignorance all around
Trump you and your supporters are FAKE PATRIOTS when you sold America out to Russia you desecrated the flag.
Yawn @PattyArquette...
Lol you hurt their feelings 

Parent to a country and parent to parents who don't parent!!
It’s about respect for our Country nothing else .Those players should be ashamed they live in a country get rich off playing ball but hateit
They don't hate America or the flag. They hate being racially profiled.
I’ve never seen anyone racially profiled in my 20 years in law enforcement may be it happens but I’ve never seen it
Well open your eyes! It happens all the time. I have friends that can tell you a story or two.
My eyes are open every shift I work thanks .May be a majority of the alleged racial acts aren’t true this next video is one case of that
"I'm' always working. All I do is work!"
Donald Trump states that he's got plenty of time on his hands. And that's true! He hasn't done anything useful since he came into office.
There goes an old Lefty running that pie hole stead of running your piehole why don't you get up and do something about stop bitching
Ur annoyg comments mean zip. The NFL or any team can protest their outrage any way thy wish 2. last x I lookd this is still Amer #TakeAKnee
They can do anything they want to but not on my dime as a patriotic fan I will not support that even as much as I love NFL football
THIS:
In 1990 the NFL issued #CrookedDonald with a lifetime ban !! GET IT NOW ?

That's against the first amendment Donald. Read it and weep.
NFL OWNERS ARE TOO COWARD, SOME NOT ALL TO STAND UP FOR WHATS RIGHT.  THEY ARE AFRAID TO UPSET THE ELITE WORLD, ANTI TRUMP MOVEMENT
There's always a tweet. https://i.imgur.com/ud7XoAH.png 
Mr. President we need to bring back the AFL ( a real AMERICAN FOOTBALL LEAGUE) ba by NFL
you don’t understand anything do you? Worst president ever. Hell you make George W look amazing.
Mr. President, I think the first order of business is to fire NFL players.2nd they do not deserve our fighter jets flying over their games!

Fool. Dang fool. Resign!
NFL already has that rule!
#hypocrite
Bobby Butler.. love it! Thanks. Do you know which CNN broadcast this happened. I want something to defend myself with.
FIRST a-MEND-ment  *clap, clap, clap clap clap*

YOU
ARE
NOW
DRIVING
PAST
NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS 
AND HEADED
STRAIGHT 
INTO
DOWNRIGHT 
STUPID!
Enjoy the ride!
The only way out of what? They're not objecting to continued peaceful protest, you are!
Your likes are getting fewer and fewer.
It's your non-support of  equal justice in USA causing this. Start promoting peace,equal justice in USA Chief #BoyCottATRUMPET
As a lifelong Steeler fan,I'm a bigger American patriot I watched 0 games in16 & 0 for 17. I'm not supporting rich crybabys
Read the Constitution much? Oh yeh I guess not. But that has been obvious during your whole disastrous Presidency. #dotard
I'm so relieved you have your priorities right, Mr. President. I'm sure @jaredkushner is grateful for the gaslighting.
They're not protesting the flag or country. Just racial injustice. Get it?
We Stand for the Flag! #WeStand #NRA
@steelers I would like to know when standing for our national anthem became a political statement?  Proud American disgusted with NFL
Ain't gonna happen. But hey how is #PuertoRico?
Falling apart. The sick are dying because a third of the hospitals have no generators. They can't reach towns because bridges have collapsed
They have no water, to the point where there's a town using pool water. No food as well.
But hey athletes (exercising their constitutional right) NOT standing for the natl' anthem is "MORE important" to him.
You could stop them kneeling by listening to their grievances.
I love you @AJemaineClement Any time you want to do business time is good with me 
Or a rule that you MUST kneel during the National Anthem.  Kneeling is the ultimate show of respect which is why we kneel when we #propose
So when your wife walks down the aisle does the officiant say please rise or please kneel?
I imagine he says whatever you want him to.  But if you respect your wife you better pay him to say "please kneel"
You ever been to a wedding ?
Hundreds.
I doubt hundreds. But please enlighten me how many times you were asked to kneel as the bride entered.. humor me
I didn't have to be asked.  That's the difference between you and me.  When the anthem or wedding song plays I kneel.
When you have an important business meeting with a client,  do you kneel or do you stand up and handshake .. you're full of it..
Do your job please! Do you even know what it is to be a President?
How do you justify spending any time on this when there are so many real problems in the world?
So you care about the NFL kneeling down put you don't care that there's fucking people in Puerto Rico slowly fucking dying
And you ain't doing absolute shit about it wowowow
What do you say Dotard Twerp? Is this respect for the flag. They are standing. What is your narrow pea brained political interpretation?
Please for we who loves America and you. DEFUND our tax money to them..Haters of America no support. Use the taxes from them for inner-city!
You should recuse yourself from the debate . As POTUS, The speach of private citizens is beyond your jurisdiction.
THESE THUGS SHOULD BE FIRED AND THE COACHES THAT UPHOLD THEIR DECISION TO DISRESPECT OUR COUNTRY.
This isn't about disrespecting the flag or anthem. If it was Trump would have gone crazy at defiling of flag
Nope.
Wrong.  You flipped them off, they flipped you off.  Now they can move on, ignore you, and play GOOD football, and they'll be just fine.
*At least have the F.C.C develop
a fine for their behaviors on live TV, as a Non Pol broadcast..?
not a "Cure All" but maybe a start
point??
Leave them NFL players alone and focus on those people that suffered from those hurricanes.
The NFL is irrelevant to how this Country runs so why is President dumb ass not dealing with the pressing issues
Are you sure you're not frienda with Kim Jong Un?
So dies the 1st Amendment.This country is not a flag or a song.That is not what makes America free.It's our right to do,be,&say what we want
What you are proposing explicitly violates people's first ammendment right to http://protest.You  many disagree but you can't stop it!!
This is a  rule to be enforced!  They wouldn't let Tebow kneel or a player honor five cops killed with a decal on helmet
Fuck yeah
@POTUS American citizens are dying in Puerto Rico hospitals having to close- children scared cold-hungry really sad
DON'T THEY HAVE ONE THAT SAYS THAT THEY MUST STAND.  A TICKET BROKER IN HOUSTON SAYS THAT THE MARKET FOR NFL TICS HAS PLUMMETED.
People in last 3 decades . Your pitiful orange guy. With everything going on lets pick a fight at home not abroad like you should be what a
Tenor was highly criticized for kneeling, guess that was different. Trump 2020

or, even suicide, like Hamlet (if ever read Shakespeare, which I doubt) but, I hope you suffer the slings and arrows part a long time come!

Works for me!
Would you please help our friends in Puerto Rico who really need your attention and LET THIS GO!!!
Done  already
Trump puts the dick in dictator.

You can't demand private citizens to stand. This isn't North Korea..
Or is it

Who lied that he had heel spurs so he would of serve in the Military?????? Did I hear Donald J trump?????? Yes- so pathetic
40 yr with my husband,he just love  football .. Last week he had me call & cancel his NFL package 
Only way out of what


THIS IS FALSE!!  (Fuck Kaepernick though)
Please cancel all Military fly-overs at NFL stadiums until respect is back in order.  NFL doesn't deserve it....
They do have a rule
It turned out that is is fake
Yes just like you need a rule to place your right hand over your heart when the national anthem is playing. Hypocrite!
Please stop focusing on this stupid topic and help PR!
Biggest issue in our country right......smh
#RacistTrump #NOTDISTRACTED
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of .
Puerto Rico every death u should be charged w murder
no one really thinks that u have any real power or care what u say. Our bill of rights please read it before speaking!!!!!
#United #USA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
NFL players who kneel for our National Anthem should be put on the no fly list, because that is a sign of terrorism.
noted
filed

WAA WAA WAAA CALL THE WAAABULANCE FOR TRUMPBOY, AGAIN...WHEN ARE YOU WORKING FOR THE PUBLIC INSTEAD OF WHINING?
You know what?  We don't HAVE to stand for the flag or anthem.  We really don't and I won't until you're out of office
it's not your job to make rule suggestions to NFL

Dear  Mr President please sign an Executive Order to stop all military  participation in any sports games do to the disrespectful acts.
@realDonaldTrump YOU as the President of the USA,should care about other Problems than the NFL and the Players . Stop Hounding! #Notoracism
AMEN! OUT OF RESPECT AND HONOR, FOR OUR NATIONAL ANTHEM, FLAG, AND FALLEN HERO'S PERIOD!
https://www.facebook.com/greatdaywashington/videos/1643197879038448/ … nough said...wake up!
You screw up ... take the ticket and say thank you and take it to court and quit being a baby. Black people.respect
Why don’t you make a rule that police officers can’t use fear as an excuse to shoot civilians!!! Since you’re about rules!!


America's Mobster President—New Evidence in Dutch TV Documentary of Trump's International Money Laundering Circles
http://www.alternet.org/video/americas-mobster-president-new-evidence-dutch-public-tv-documentary …
@realDonaldTrump were u aware(sure not) there is no "RULE" for House to stand for the pledge of Allegiance?!?  Hmmmm
All the interviews I see of you, you never answer the question. You always say "in MY OPINION" funny thing is its NOT YOUR OPINION that matters. This isn't North Korea you are not a dictator. You are a childish racist trying to take away peoples constitutional wrights that you
There's a sign on the door Trump. It says #Impeach45. Follow it to the sign that says Club Fed.
They're peacefully protesting racial inequality in our country. It's always been there. You've given it permission to come to the for front
Find me this rule cause like that's sensorship and you can't take away their rights so try again dear
I voted for you to drain the swap, prosecute Hillary, boost our military and fix the healthcare.  Please stay focused on your promises.
Which is more disrespectful kneeling during your national anthem or dodging your ressponsibility to serve in our armed forces?

#TakeTheKnee
OMFG. They can't do that. What part of unconstitutional don't you get? Nobody, not even you, can force patriotism.
THE AFRICAN AMERICANS THINK THEY ARE THE ONLY ONES THAT HAVE HAD TROUBLE, MORE AFRICAN AMERICANS KILL EACH OTHER THAN ANTBODY
Fat Ellen, family just quit NFL games and saved lotsa money,,,impeach black witch Walters...she dumber than pounded nail...ugly as 6 turds
Another GREAT idea would be to address police brutality and racism!
It wouldn't matter anymore no more NFL in my home...EVER!!


Don't you have a government to run?
I think there is one A62 - 63 of thier contract not sure exactly
Mr. President don't try to run everything the public and fans will take care of sports. Your job is to run the government. I voted for you and believe in you. I stand for the national anthem and fly our flag proudly at my home.
I'd worry more about McConnell's do nothing agenda. At least when Obama and the dems drove the ship something got done, however bad (ACA)
Look at third world countries when they sing their national anthem I know they're proud of their Nation as you should be
You had 5 deferments. No one in your family has ever served our country. Don't try to wrap yourself in the flag..you're a racist
Shame on you, Mango!
Note to nfl, if Jt offers you a way out. He knows what he's talking about. Footnote: I'm done with nfl though. Unforgivable:
AMEN!!!
Dictatorship, not democracy
That would be unconstitutional
NFL made Robert Griffin III turn his “Know Jesus, Know Peace” tee inside out because it violated their code of conduct, BLATANT HYPOCRITES 

Just curious, would you interfere in any other American business the way you're trying to interfere here?
how's Puerto Rico doing btw
you a the best, just remember that, the best. The best at being an absolute bellend.
If you don't like playing football. Get a real job and quit bitching. You are men ???????
Have you heard of our Constitution, the first Amendment, eh? No rule may prevail. Wish our president would worry about the abused instead!
I will vote for you again, if you shut them the duck down.  The NFL let's them do whatever to their own families but then backs them forthis
If they add this one new regulation, will they have to drop two others?
