Get off Twitter and do your actual job?
Trump's job consists of policy announcements on Twitter while taking a dump or riding a golf cart.
Unfortunately for the American people, Trump's Twitter saber rattling brings us to the brink of nuclear war.
We need a President who doesn't threaten our national security with his stream of consciousness verbal diarrhea on social media
I'm pretty sure Trump's tweets are a terms of service violation on Twitter. He even personally attacks people so savagely without mercy.
It's a free country and what are you doing blasting the prez
Dotard
Are you suggesting nuclear war would work? Fake president!
This man is going to get us all nuked, and the @GOP will be responsible. They could have done something. #impeach
hey Trump Pascale your Facebook cheater is a liar.
So wareng? Wa attacka kana jang?
You said this yesterday. It was bullshit then, too.

Nurse! He's awake!
Hillary Clinton is corrupt!
And Trump just armed the Taliban!
Not anymore! Give him a MOAB!
Only to blow himself up
What hasn't worked? It there some sort of nuclear war we don't know about?
We have not had a nuclear war in the last 25 years either....
Quit tweeting
We should seize every cent that goes over there. If he messes with us hammer his ass into the ground. Complete Annihilation is the only way.
Is your daycare provider late this morning? Seriously, quit trying to start a war with your insane tweets. You aren’t fit to be president!
Go take a nap and stop ushering in WW3. Thanks.
You know nothing about diplomacy. You’re going to start WW III and get millions of innocent people killed. Shut your mouth and ...
Nuke them!!!
Please go away

OMG!! Not even 7 a.m. on a holiday, and here you are spewing nonsense.  Go back to bed, loser!! America is safer when you are asleep!
very, very stupid conclusion
God bless and protect the United States of America from all kinds of evil in this world!
Kim fatty the third
Nobody got blown up, either. A competent leader would understand that equals success.
Black ppl give u billions in taxes and they still don't even get to kneel....SMDH.
Getting nothing?! Peace is an amazing thing to wake up to. I will take peace and no nuclear war if it means we are "getting nothing".
Like "ROCKET MAN" & "THEY WON'T BE AROUND MUCH LONGER" are helping. 
You’re all talk & tweeters!!!
Très heureuse de vous mr le président.
“So lets  start a nuclear war with them because it’ll fix everything!”
Oh, God. Not you again!!
Neither do you. So there's that.
On a roll, Holly
It's unavoidable.
I'm out here fighting every day, you don't have to tell me! 
We support you President Trump!! We finally have a real leader back in the White House!!! MAGA
You have my vote you will always have my vote and I know you will take care of it
So you have said. What's your deal?  How deep does this vein of crazy go in you? Let the pro's handle this won't you.
PolitiFact: Getting to the truth in North Korea talking points
A president who builds his foreign policy on what he sees in a Facebook/Twitter meme is a 

MORON!
North Korea wants a nuclear deterrent.  Just like we do.  

No need for war.
Still better than murder! I don't know what you're up to, but WAR IS NEVER THE ANSWER - BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS! Not what America wants. SHAME!
Little piggy dictator is used to getting his way after he has a temper tantrum..not with this President!  Empty threats don’t work anymore!
The irony here is you don't see Trump is exactly the same way! They're 2 of a kind.
I don't have to read "fake news" to understand Trump throws tantrums same as Kim. Unless you rightfully call Trumps own tweets "fake news."
Sorry brainwashed lib they are not your so-called temper tantrums..you’re just not used to someone standing up for America first & honesty.
I'm sorry, but have you ever heard of the word "diplomacy" before? Because this is not it.
Scarecrow get a brain! When did diplomacy work with these people? President Trump is doing things differently now..Un is not crazy or stupid
Well, for starters, diplomacy keeps people from blowing each other to Hell.
Seems that you don't care about potential civilian casualties.
Cut the funding now please
Take them put ..... America is fed up with the little rocket creep.
Take them OUT .......
Whatafuk
Bien
Stop!

Hi MR. POTUS,.           I'm sorry  about the treatment some Americans give you.  I agree with your way of communicating with NK.   It's about time a President with balls has stood up to the frightening Terrorist.  PS....I'm so worried about the Ocean and it's not his to bomb. Ty
hi baby
Sorry pendejo
Ytd
And so are you! Where are your tax return 45?
Waitin on you to do better...oh i guess it's Obama's fault
“If tyranny and oppression come to this land it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy.” ― James Madison
Watdefuk
But they did not nuke us, you are provoking them.. sit with NK president and negotiate, didn't you say you were the best negotiator?
Fk u Donald Trump

You look like you have lost your mind
Fuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkiikkkiiiifjurkcmfkfrmng
Hasn't worked has it boss.
I got a clue for you; nuclear war won't work, either...we die, too.
And a nuclear war will - you'll kill more Americans than any terrorist or gunman ever will
a war lead by you will not work
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
So what you about to do?
Save the earth we don't need a war.
Shut up


1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Does #keeppoliticsoutofsports only apply to black people?
So wats  yo next move???
NIKE Motivational Commercial - Easy is not an option
I bet you have been successful in spending Government money at your golf courses, can't wait to hear how much richer you made yourself.
Giving billions? Let's see the proof
Mr Trump I am a fellow New Yorker, same as you, and it’s because of this war of words with you and Kim that I am afraid of being nukes in...
Don’t you dare get this country into a war with DPRK. We will tear you down before we let that happen.
Or my good
Better give our Navy driving lessons before you do anything. Also fix the helicopters that keep crashing and killing our soldiers.
What do you suggest?
45’s rhetoric=GW Bush’s axis of evil. 9/11 happened 8 months later, then we go to war. Repugs Love war b/c the make $ off of it. So sad!
WHAT HAS WORKED FOR YOU!! NOTHING!! YOUR PSYCHOSIS PREVENTS YOU FOCUSING ON ANYTHING BUT OBAMA!! ADMIT IT YOU ARE SMITTEN WITH THE MAN!!!

We've been dealing with you for less than a year........
你还是管你的后院吧
I mean if I owned a bar and was also the president and 1000 people with me everywhere, who picks up the bill at the bar?
Can some adult in the WH please give this whiny little bitch a Xanax, change his diaper, and put him down for a nap?
@PoppyHarlowCNN @JohnKingCNN @ananavarro "Give Peace A chance...) wrong PRES MORON. OPTION 2 POLICY/SANCTIONS IS 2 KILL 20-30 MILLION PEOPLE
Trump is sadly mistaken if he thinks he can bully the black community and get away with it!
Thank you for keeping the country safe and informed of the enemies that are actually out there and not some fantasy as the office you won
Against
My father fought in the korean war in the 50's. These north koreans are cruel.
Time to set them straight! Enough of trying to bribe them with billions of taxpayer dollars. It's ultimatum time! True Americans r behind u
U want us in a war. But repubs like war it's profitable. But north Korea has nuclear weapons 1 good hit could just about wipe us out

Time 4 nukes?
When are we going to get a president that can actually think, why are we not pushing for more science minded individuals to run?
I'm sure destroying east Asia is a much better solution.

You don't want policy to work you orange bigot. You are hoping  that a war with Korea will prevent you from getting impeached.
We’ve been spending upwards of 72 million dollars on your golf outings too.
But even you don’t accept the sacrifices of other allies in war against terror. Sometime money does not work.
The North Koreans are well aware that all the successive administrations have wanted their country destroyed.
Maybe you understand now, it is not the money that works.
Now is the time to level the playing field with the Americans by acquiring intercontinental thermonuclear capability.
Squash it,, burn it.. shred it ,, Idiot Policy ,, PERIOD!
Careful what ya ask for big boy!!! If your not happy a war won’t change it
 isn't that how it's supposed to work?  Throw taxpayer dollars at it whether it helps or not. Americans don't matter. #MAGA
NURSE, he's out of bed again !!
you have lost any sense of reality
Trump regards any resistance to American aggressive behavior as an act of unacceptable threat to the US.
MR President, great job. I really do not like career positions if only we had term limits, oh we do its called the voting both.
I hope your Generals tell you what's what. Someone needs to. #dontmakepolicyontwitter
yes that is white so you can entry in this policy and fix it
So true! His days are numbered!
Please don’t attack NK

@dgregg_00 @jaredq388
God bless you Sir
Give them zero!
Yeah, Maybe So, HOWEVER My Children and Grandchildren DO NOT NEED TO PAY FOR A 'WAR' YOU WANT Due To YOUR BEING A BULLY!

Just do it!Trust you!
SHUT UP... PLEASE! Why don't you try to be President for 1 damn day! Please just try... Can you do that? Please!
Don,t worry sir,all is well
So you think, starting World War 3 is the answer, you are as sick as Kim Jung-Un is!
we're tired with your tweet! every day tweet tweet what happen!!!!!
I'm going to bet you have NO IDEA what the US has been doing about NK for the past 5 years, let alone 25. Lot of talk, no solutions.
it is time!
i wish the democrats would get off your back
The Korean children don't get any teddy bears or toys. So sad for them.
It is sad that u r so determined to go down in history for something that u r willing to have millions of innocent people die for ur glory.
Unsuccessfully? Has a shot been fired you buffoon? They didn't start making real progress until you took the oath with your tiny raised fist
Correct! Funding a Destructive Communist County, was our past leaders biggest mistake!
lol
All Japan must #SaveAllAbducteesFromNorthKorea too.
Rest in Peace #OttoWarmbier
#拉致被害者全員奪還 #DavidSneddon #Megumi
T. Yokota wants to re-designate N Korea as terrorist state. Jpn not forgotten about #OttoWarmbier as well as 900 Jpnese abducted. #拉致被害者全員奪還 
英語の勉強にさせてもろてます。
You just want war
We're not shooting at each other. I call that some measure of success.
Billions of dollars!!!! FOR WHAT? Stop paying that money right now!!!!!!!!!!!
Hello kordistan. Hello peshmarge. Hello american
Nuke that little fat Korean kid
Your knowledge of history is deplorable. Read a book.
You won't be happy until you nuke us all. Until our shadows glow.
So you’re done? Patience and temperament of a toddler.
You don't work.
What will? Premptive strike?
Korea was colonies by Western Europe Just before Japan 70 years ago.   Incorrectly.  USA dividing ONE RACE, ONE COUNTRY HALF.  Bad Policy
So, you got the message that Kim Jong-Un hasn't been the leader for 25 years. One step forward. Waiting for the 10 steps back.
And they didn’t want to start a war until you showed up. You’re not working either 
No need current type nuclear reactor 4 power. we had better safer tech 50's. China>700 scientist work on/we have. Non weapon grade byproduct
Where does "lives not lost due to nuclear war" fall on your scale of measuring a strategy's benefits?
They haven’t invaded anyone. Haven’t used a nuke and South Korea is booming.  Let them be hermits and focus on containment
What about israel? They have nukes and the sampson option, and unlike korea theyve actually attacked the usa several times.
Hang in there, doing great.
I've been dealing with ants for longer than this. How do I know North Korea isn't just fake news? Ants are real
The "policy" has avoided war. U seem hell bent on starting one.
Try to imagine those people outside your own bubble that will die if you do.
Thank God ..
                         For
                  You, Sir!!
Jule Perrin
            Alabama
Correct
Are you whistling another Korean War over Tweeter?
This man is a Chinese hero ,he has the power to help you deal with North Korean!
We need to recover all. Courtesy from
How do you know? You never tried. You threatened and used no diplomacy tough guy. Thank God for the #Generals or we would be in #WWIII
