Space Travel on videos, now imagine what else I can demonstrate, these children can learn how
You inspire all of us true patriot Americans Mr President. Keep up the GREAT JOB!
Did anyone else get really weirded out by this video?
God Bless you President Trump! Not tired of winning yet!
Term limits sir. That will take care of half our problems.
When Trump eliminates the complete extortion racket called the drivers license, every state in the country participates, then I'll believe!
TODAY, @FLOTUS HOSTED A MILITARY MOTHER'S DAY EVENT IN THE U.S. THIS IS A DISASTER. WE CAN BE AS BIG AS YESTERDAY! #MAGA
Plus this way I never have to sleep with him!! EW!
Resign
I think I saw Spicer in the bushes man.
His lips are moving.  He must be lying again.
Be so busy loving ur life dat u hv no time for hate,regret or fear..Gd Day 
Without the Sean Spicer press conference I would have to depend on the media. Can you at least have a Spicer conference without the press?

Bibi is going to assassinate @realdonaldtrump and blame it on the Palestinians !! (0_-) Now you can't say we didn't warn you
#WeeklyAddress
Nixon
No thank you.  Not interested.
It's just like you to take credit not due to you and to blame others for your incompetence
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
Shut up
#trumpcolluded #TrumpRussia #russiagate #resist  #theresistance 
#ISupportAnIndependentTrumpRussiaProbe
Your lips are moving again. Everyone knows what that means, Donald. #Lies #factsmatter
The lies just roll out of your mouth until people who are partially bamboozled by the #fakenews believe every word of it.
I'll watch this when I get home and get back to you, but basically, I'm pretty sure it's going to be full of nonsense and lies again.
FinCen, financial crime Monitor, who tracks money laundering, are going to hand over everything they know to trump/Russia Senate probe!
Actions speak louder....

M A R C H   O N   D C
S E T U P    C A M P
H O L D   Y O U R   G R O U N D
Resign. Everyone despises you.
President Trump is a man of his word!🖒Busy Making America GREAT Again! He is what the USA needed to bring jobs back  https://www.amazon.com/?&_encoding=UTF8&tag=buyusa69-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=fd8d747c41a226970eceb826 …
Is President Trump Doing a Good Job?
He is doing a great job of feeding his racist followers all the BS they can handle
From CA! Figures!
Good 4 you! From what I hear you are one of The Few!
The few is correct.
Nice
yet
Screw The Americans really
Your days are numbered dude.
Ducky? Come on you can do better than that.
Actually, lots of people know me. And know my music. So sorry to disappoint you.
then why are you here desperately trying to gain exposure
Uhhh there are way better ways to get exposure then replying to Trump's tweets.
apparently not, seems like it's the only way the verified liberals can get any attention these days lol

Hi Pres Trump! I'm a GOP & I voted for YOU, Sir. DON'T TOUCH MY >>MY Medicare/Medicaid.<< DON'T RAISE MY Co-Pay/Premiums. They're HIGH Now.
Trump just said the Senate bill was great, which cuts Medicaid dramatically.  He campaigned on the promise not to cut Medicaid.  What now?
You're the best president for United States at the present time there's nobody better than you
Na na na na
Na na na na
Na na na
GOODBYE!
We love you
GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP AS HE TRAVELS!


The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior
Listening to the NYT is your first mistake lol #ActivistJounalism
Getting your political updates from Mad Magazine is your first mistake lol
So I take it you're not going to tell me how it feels to be on the same side as the Nazi's. Imagine my surprise lol
He who laughs last, laughs best.  Your hero is going down.
And we've been hearing that for over a yr now and it still hasn't happened. And u can't just diagnose someone as insane on tv without...
#WeeklyAddress http://45.wh.gov/GrYott  ...
Keep America A Christian Nation...In The Name Of Jesus...
America hates you. You have the lowest ratings of any president this early on… approaching the lowest ratings EVER.
Will you move to Canada when Trump gets re-elected or maybe you will sh*t your pants again. Democrats are going to be limited to the coast
lol:"https://twitter.com/Informatics273/status/864336916430311428 …"
Will you move to Canada when Trump gets re-elected or maybe you will sh*t your pants again. Democrats are going to be limited to the coast
This dude or chick sits around getting pd to run his mouth about nothing! Another flake trying too spread hate!
@POTUS любимый алюбл мой  любимый мой мужаа
God bless you!! Keep up your great work rebuilding trust back into the American people. That was lost under Obama @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
I've heard your voice enough this week.
Daily reminder https://twitter.com/leahr77/status/862128755229249546 …
Name ONE, just ONE, of the 13 Congressional Review Act resolutions @POTUS has put into law, without googling it. I'll wait.....
THIS. 
Why?? So you can argue truth?? Click on the link. If u r really interested u don't need to be lectured like a 5 yr old. READ! Learn 4urself!

THANK YOU @POTUS FOR #MAGA 
Apprentice scripted.45 was told who 2 fire.He was n financial trouble when he did show.Was marketed 2 b successful.45s reality was different
Trump's hand looks like it's somewhere it shouldn't be....
Haha looks like old Billy Bob likes everyone, and Trump's enjoying doing it. 
And that's the irony in all this-many of the gay hating politicians end up sucking dudes off in gas station bathrooms.
 so true! I love reading the stories of them getting busted.
Can someone get this dude some contact lens do he doesnt have to aggressively squint at the teleprompter he's struggling to read?
@POTUS #TrumPutin - U CAN NOT RUN FROM @FBI @CIA @NSAGov @USTreasury 
#Trumprussia #TrumpIndictment #NoDeza #TrumpCrimeFamily
@maddow @nbc
China is taking advantage of the 1.4 billion market to establish a new identity, and if USA does not take action, they will be overwhelmed.
IT'S OBVIOUS YOU ARE WORKING FOR PUTIN!  SHARING CLASSIFIED INTEL WITH RUSSIANS IS TREASON!  YOU ARE GOING DOWN!
i don't see why we can't be friend's with everybody..we helped russia, china etc. etc.-.catch anybody leaking info.lock them up through away
Thanks @POTUS44
puppet
OBAMA ISSUED ORDERS ,FBI NOT TO LOOK AT MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD
COMEY WENT ALONG WITH IT
CAN YOU BELIVE THIS DEMOCRAT
funny how your followers think everone who calls out your BS are all liberals.
Might as well be diarrhea pouring from your mouth.
Can't wait for the impeachment ! 

your insane

Can you Jail obama for Multiple crimes. Fake citizenship Alquada payments Iran cash DOJ payments to left wing groups Muslim Brotherhood etc
Hahahahahahahahaha you're dumb
The firing of Coney was much needed.  But was done not in a professional way.
Learn from it and do better next time.
Thank you Obama for creating a thriving economy and leaving me with cushy unemployment numbers. don the con strikes again.
Can't wait for the #TrumpImpeachmentDay Celebration!!
does anybody else think the POTUS looks extra orange in this video?
You sound like a rambling drunk who has snorted a few lines. Never mix. I guess thats what illegitimates do huh
You used the exact same unemployment data you called lies. So either you're lying or the numbers are. Take your pick.
Jobs!
Not because of you, Stop standing on others coat tails
Donald Trump: an authoritarian & at times belligerent.
Authoritarian, autocrat, dictator, tyrant, absolutist, crackpot.
Wish people could be more positive and help build the country up instead they want to tear everything down low IQ is why they do this
Right On!
Make California a republic state Pls or sell it off I have been denied all jobs as a disabled vet
Democrats voted for Trump so he would go in there and f*** everything up with the government the biggest drug dealers. End government
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
Incompetent jerk
#LiesToldbyTrump
REVOLTING. Contrary to your belief, many Americans are smarter and more educated than you think.
Soon your clothes will match your face. #Treason
Yet again Trump takes credit for the hard work of the last administration saying HE created these jobs. What a pathological liar!!!!
BS The sun rises n sets on you oh Emperior who knows n sees n does all.BS
Do you realize how much you make a person's skin crawl...apparently that's why we spend millions upon millions paying for wife to stay in NY
Thank you for working tirelessly for the American people. We see through all the bias and know all that u have done. #MAGA
I can tell you are a reality TV star, cuz you suck at reading off a teleprompter.
You have nothing of worth to say
Unemployment fell.. Are you kidding me?!?!?  I am still partially unemployed.. This is a freaking joke!!!!
Perhaps if you read a book every once in a while, your teleprompter speech wouldn't seem so #SAD
You did not create any new jobs stop taking credit for things that you had nothing to do with just like the Bowen factory
Who listens to this Clown?
You need to go back to math class and work on your estimations.  Lil hands and lil brain orange boy.
"Make me look like #Gollum, from those Lordy movies."
"Yes, Mr. President."
"So precious. So, so precious, the youth of America."
Good afternoon President Trump.  I would like to send you an email showing a real life situation with insurance.
Welldone Goodspeech
Why would anyone want to watch this? It's just an old, angry white man who looks like he needs glasses and a Russian teat to suck on.
Resign traitor. Or die in jail.
what weekly address?
that's because you cut so much ....many people have 3 jobs!
you can really tell when Trump is reading from a script....he sounds human when that happens.
My nine year old has better manners than you.
Way to ride them coattails donny...
Lies ,lies and more lies
Can you not make that face? Please?
Just like he sucks at everything else... he sucks at reading a TelePrompTer. Can't even do that 
PREDICTION:

Trump will be impeached
Pence will pardon Trump
Trump & Melania will fly off into the sunset, later seen relaxing at Mar-A-Lago

So what's correct here, now? President Trumps, or Presidents Trump?
You should be ashamed of yourself. Taking credit for the few things going right due to the Obama admin. I stand with Rep. Al Green. Impeach.
KellyAnne Conway; her feelings of disgust towards Trump
TRAITOR
Are you on something?
Are you okay?  You look like you're in actual physical distress reading these words.  Like a toddler fumbling thru Hop on Pop. #cockholster
Please resign.
#We want you to resign, bigly!
@SafariSomary congrats
love my president!!
Great job!
that's funny
Glad you liked it
Where are your taxes? You could end Russiagate by coming clean, so quit bellyaching about it.
Suggestion: wear glasses or get a bigger prompter. Avoid the Gilbert Gottfried squint. Plus, glasses make you look smarter; ask Rick Perry.
"We must stop the leakers!"
Block me?!?
I figure you will be Hanged by 4th of July! !!
Watch me lie, watch my lips like clutch cargo, they are moving but not saying much, #looselipssinkships
FAKE NEWS!!!! ALTERNATIVE FACTS!!!!
You sound like the toxic shit of a 500lbs bitch Queefing out a cum bubble

The Liberals consist of Illegals , Drug cartels , Gangs , Murders ,Radical  Muslims , Thieves , Liars and lgbtqiap

You will die in prison, a fetid fat laughingstock. You never were president of this nation. Just a bumbling conman
Indirect investments through other entities would not show up directly on your return.  How about the k-1s and 5471s?  And a lot more.
It not because of you only!!! Big fat head big fat ego
It was stupid & crazy 2 even mention tapes/Watergate/DEMS want tapes/ Do U think  they will believe that tapes do not exist
