They were scheduled to be open by law, Combover Caligula. Will you also allow the sun to rise tomorrow?
You're the worst president the US has ever seen. You only won the election due to Russian interference that you aided and abetted. #Treason
All right at last the true is coming 
That's your priority now? You're really showing just how unqualified you are.
What about your tax returns? I'm sure that's more important.
You a bluffing you r just a hot bag of wind  Liar  Open up a can of worms Be careful what u wish for u may get it.
Delete your account
WOWW, A mystery older than me will finally be exposed. I've already seen the photos and the proof that Bush 1 was in CIA before he stated
This realease was pre-planned & has nothing to do with you. Stop creating distractions from your own uselessness
Why not release your income tax returns instead?
whoa whoa whoa... you're president?
Stop using my cousin whom I am related to through the Fitzgerald family to be used like this. You had nothing to do with this this was a law from 1992. Stop using it to deflect when you’re not busy golfing that is. He was a good man you’re not.
Transparently narcissistic, unfiltered as in no impulse control. Honest does not belong in this group. He's not. End of story. #Nigerghazi
All of these Trump haters that say the same thing every time he posts something are pathetic. Where were you on voting day if hes so bad? 
Out voting. 3 million more of use than deplorable anti amrerican trumpettes.
The master of deflection. Let’s talk about the horrible jobs report that ended the longest job streak U.S. history. #sad
More diversion
Um, this has been scheduled to happen since 1992. U have nothing to do with it. Won't distract us from #Russia either. Nice try.
As if... YOU actually care.. ONE MORE 'DISTRACTION' TACTIC' put out to 'try' to get the Public to Look Away from YOUR CORRUPTION & TREASON!
Must be something bad coming down the line that he feels he needs to distract from.
Both the twitter president and also the conspiracy president. Fake news is trumps conspiracy and will be the madman in history
Yes! It's time America find out what happened to JFK. Like u JFK ruffled a lot Swamp feathers & he had to go. But they will not kill Trump!
We can dream and hope though! 
Can you stop tweeting long enough to do some presidential shit, like run the county and not ruin it?
Yes! Thank you, Mr. President!
Wow. That will really help the poor and needy. Well done POTUS!
When will this happen ?? I think you should put this on YouTube for every one to have easy access to see at anytime
Awesome President Trump! Thank you Jesus! Time for the TRUTH!
It's the law, #Moron #LiarInChief 25 years have passed. You are doing nothing as usual but lies, lies, lies. #Resign, please, NOW
oh shit, u still President? Damn.
They were scheduled to be released anyway. As usual,  claiming credit for something you're not responsible for.
???
Bet it was the Muslims who shot him .....
They're due to be released on Thursday anyway
Be an interesting read ... Still have doubts it Oswald ....
Reports saying he's releasing them, isn't he just not blocking their already-scheduled-for-25-years release? Be interesting like
Thank GOD there are still people out there with a BRAIN!!
Like that has any importance to Americans suffering currently.
Great job
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1012485685594422&id=100004990001516 …




This actually has NOTHING to do with you “allowing it.”  It’s been scheduled since 1992. Why would you claim this?  Another lie.
Your. 
If your purpose is to shame my intellect, you should really form a thoughtful, grammatically correct sentence. 

Remember:  mueller made a deal with trump at his visit with trump 4 FBI Director position. Max limit for FBI Director is 10 years. Obama extended an extra 2 years. Mueller did not visit trump for job... it was a clever plan to catch pediphiles, clinton treason. Rethink
Lol,  October 26, 2017 was already decided back in 1992. You literally had nothing to do with the decision.
Uh, Jerry, he could have blocked it. He could have listened to the CIA's begging and nagging to block it, he didn't, he IS allowing release.
It's not thirsday yet! He still has time.

Thank you.  My parents took us to Dallas when I was a child stood in the room where the shots went forth that murdered JFK
Out of the 2,891 JFK files that were released, only 53 of them have never been seen before.  There are still TWENTY FIVE THOUSAND documents that Trump has kept secret.

#Trump taking credit for things he had nothing to do with. Already scheduled to be released.  This is not new:
He could block the release and he's not
Right. He’s not. Because he doesn’t do anything that doesn’t benefit himself directly. He couldn’t care less.
Beware of being assassinated by Mr. Trump. John Kennedy was assassinated. You are putting yourself in a lot of trouble in the Middle East because of Israel and in the end you will be assassinated and Israel will not benefit you.
What happened Mr President? Are you a man of your word?
Somebody get the old man out the country
 (  "$hit fixing to hit the fan" !   ) Conversation between George&Jeb at breakfast table.
Do you fear the assassination of Mr. Trump .. Who reminds you of the assassination of John Kennedy
Big fucking deal!
Lies again.  They were redacted,
Smart move.  Leverage over the agencies investigating you and a distraction for the people.
You won't like anything he does, so you've made anything you have to say irrelevant, ed. Try being just a little fair.
Please unblock Obamas records now too
Then release #45's tax returns #NotMyPresident
I would be more concerned over Hillary's and Obama's tax returns,seems like they are uncovering some long time coming stink.
Good start, long passed due.  More recent events? Why not investigate the #Leviton spying devices used against #POTUS and #Americans? #FBI
You're going to release documents that were mandated by the 92 JFK Records act to be released by Oct 26 2017?!
What would we do without you?
Um, actually DECIDE whether or not to release them or postpone. Duh!!!! DUMB-FUCK!
Wow!
Guys just FYI this release has been scheduled since 1992
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
Why did it take so long for a president to sign off on it? What were the others afraid of?
1) A casual reading of the statement would imply that the president is taking a proactive step to release these documents,
2) however “allowing” in this case actually means “not blocking.” The records in question are required to be released by Oct. 26. by the
3) 1992 Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act. The release of the documents would proceed without any action from the president,
4) however under the law it could be blocked with presidential intervention.
Isn't it great Trump is releasing the records, not continuing the block?  Great President!

Why didn't ISIS attack the jews  illegally occupying israel isis certainly attacked Lebanon , Syria Jordan You dont bite the hand that feeds
But you won’t release your tax returns?!
Oh are you the president? Glad we cleared that up.
Now release those long promised tax returns, would you?
I can't stand you, but I am fair. I like this.
This is what we want the lies people have told put it out
good
This has been planned since 1992. All you have to do is NOTHING. Don't take credit for things you have nothing to do with.
Now that the Cia and Irs have been exposed targeting citizens can we shut them down???
Umm yeah I'm would rather you release your tax records and while your at it I think I'd rather see the dossier (peepee) then JFK documents
Thanks for releasing the documents Prez. We can finally get to the bottom of the story.
How about releasing your tax records instead
WHY!!!
It's a mandated date not your decision.
Funny you'll release these documents but you can't even release your own taxes.
Well that was another fail by Trump! What a joke! More lies and cons exposed. Twitter documents your lies for posterity. #ImpeachTrump #sad
The problem here Mr. President is, we have been living in a country that subverts the truth! You promised us differently. We are waiting....
This is such GREAT news! America deserves 2 know more abt what happened! Thank u! I'm sure there's been a lot of pressure to keep 'em sealed
FUCK YOU SHIT SHOW!  We want your Fucker Trump's Taxes (all years) and ALL of the UFO information!  GET IT!?
Why.
JFK Files First, then UFO Files!! Thank you Mr President #2terms
You won't be allowing anything, since it was decided in 1992 that this would happen 25 years later. Nice try, though.
#FakePresident
They were scheduled to be released. Stop taking credit and start taking responsibility!!
#AlertTheDaycareStaff
interesting... and why not.. its all part of TRANSPARENCY... I hope a lesson is learned..
People NO LONGER CARE ABOUT JFK Files!!! What they want is the Pres to DRAIN THE SWAMP-per his campaign PROMISE to get MAGA going!
The JFK execution IS the coup that put The Deep State in power. Expose its origin story & The Swamp Draining begins.
They were BY LAW scheduled to release! Trump did NOTHING! As usual taking credit for shit he did not do! PATHETIC
They would've been released even if you hadn't given your "permission" as per a 1992 law. Your lies are getting more and more ridiculous.
Good.
Oh wow. Thanks, your graciousness.
This information is require to be released by a 1992 law that you had nothing to do with. Any sitting president would have to release it.
Actually, that isn't true. Any sitting president would have the right to block it if they decided it could harm foreign relations.
Weren't they due to be released anyway?
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
You lie
Dear America, Files like these, census records, etc. ALL RECORDS have a time-limit. They can be opened after a designated period of time.
Now the CIA must justify its blackout redactions w/NatSec evidence instead of on weight of their name alone. Default shift 2 show not hide
I'm sure any MENTION of Russia (w/Oswald) Trump will have redacted
GREAT! Now Mr. @POTUS please instruct your AG Keebler Elf to lift the NDA on the FBI informant..Tomorrow!
Like

As if.
More lies from a guy that does nothing else.
Sooner the better
.@POTUS wants everyone to know the truth. NO MORE SECRETS! Unlike John McCain who would prefer the MIA & POW records be secret forever.
Get over yourself. This release date was set 25 years ago. Pathetic, self aggrandizing tweet. AS USUAL.
He is such a ridiculous boob.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR Like LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
No matter what you do or say those files were going to be released anyway. With or without you
Don’t let the FBI and CIA run things.  Release every thing please. MAGA!
Please do .. Don't let CIA and FBI pressure you not to show it all. Americans need to know and finally lay it to rest.

the whole truth and nothing but the truth the court of public opinion will decide.
FINALLY
LOVE it!!
Only you care about conspiracies.
Oooohhh such a hero you are for not doing something to stop the release. Where's my camera?
Another half-truth. Chalk ‘em up.
If you intend to release them why are you giving yourself an excuse for not following through, again.
@POTUS Allow?...Allow Record's Act that's been in place since '92, same time you made an eerie remark about dating a 10yr old in a decade?!
Tax money going out of the country to Mexico and South America. 50 Billion+. Probably won't need congress messing it up. NO MORE TAXES!
This is fantastic, please do Area 51, and the mystery of Roswell, NM, next. Thank you @POTUS you're so awesome! 
Will be that JFK files free to download ?
Nah, just the KFC ones mate.. :)
This was a 1992 Law you flipping bonehead. Stop trying to know things. #TrumpIsAMoron! #TrumpLies - This has nothing to do with YOU! #Sad RT
yes.. they should be released..thank you
Thank you Mr President for bringing honesty to government.
You had NOTHING to do with it! Another Trump lie!
U have nothing to do with the release.
The Final JFK Assassination Documents Are About to Drop. Here's What to Know
Thank you, Mr President.
Way to try to push off your sucking! Give us all a President we actually liked
You weren’t responsible for this happening.  Quit taking credit for something you didn’t do, Pinocchio.
#TerroristHashdAlShaabi
#KurdistanBlocade
Truth be known, LBJ had something to do with JFK getting killed as well Bobby. Motive, he would have never been President because JFK would
have served 8 years and so would have Bobby
No you're not
So far we have learned the CIA planned a false flag terror attack in Miami. And there were two shooters.
Release all files, the world  deserves to know the truth, the people involved are dead. Let the chips fall where they may.
CIA/FBI recorded Oswald offering to kill JFK for Cuban visa but feared revealing embassy bugs,Soviets&Cubans wanted no part but no warning
Why not release everything??  What happened to draining the swamp??
.@realDonaldTrump Many, many, Americans want to see your tax returns. How about agreeing to that? Y not? Because you lie about your worth?
Sir, also try to insure that FBI doesn't release a bunch of redacted pages. as is their custom.  FBI leaders need close watching and oversight by Dir. Wray.  So does DOJ "career" leadersIt bothers us that AG lives with that bunch???
Ok, so it's not about you making an executive decision, it's about 'further information' - orders? - from beyond
We're all anxious to hear that truth. Please get tge info out asap
Guess we will find a #change of #climate inside those files...#ClimateChange #files are the ones to be #open at @EPAresearch ! #scoencepower
If crazy Joe Biden was here he would whisper to you that this was a big f***ing deal.  Would be nice to release RFK and MLK files too. #MAGA
You wouldn’t understand it anyway. I wonder what they will do with yours. I mean we already know your a lying scumbag. No secrets here.
...oh.

Why didn't you say some of them?
Mr.Trump
I Want to AMERICA
PLEASE SEND ME A VISA
JFK is the best president in history leave his death alone all we want to know is which son of a bitch really did it
Awesomeness
You, „as President“... You’re kidding me, aren’t you?!?!?
demand that there are no redactions. Seeing the Zepruter film convinced me the Warren Commotion was a white wash.
Now let's find out truths of #MLK
Wasn't this decision made by the then president in 1992. Not you... #dimwitdonald
Still won’t release your taxes #traitortrump
Now open the UFO CIA files
Release the files!! We need the truth!!
Here we go, another distraction..try to distract as long as possible, let them sleep, eventually, meet NWO agenda.
The eye whiteness agenced Hillary Clinton are disappearing and ended up dead cording to a few friends of mine ,something is wrong with that pitcher big time..
Didn’t Congress say when they could be released to begin with? Now?
Maybe don't make policy decisions over Twitter? Just a thought.
http://Courageous.You  Are At War With Your Own Deep State.Nice
Oh plez! U had 2. Again...its all bout Donald. Im sure its 2 long 4 u 2 hav read & im sure u knows less about it than me. Keep watchin TMZ.
Finally then public will know it was mob that got him and not an NRA idiot with an italian army rifle
