the country can & has spoken! Over 60% OPPOSE your xenophobic, hateful Muslim ban-yes BAN as you promised thru-out election
as you don your Nazi regalia + the KKK Wizard hood, real patriots understand your concentration camp plsns. #NONAZIS
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
we are the country, and we are proud of our diversity, our charity, and or Justice system. Proud of you? #NotSoMuch
"A country" can, a POTUS cannot. #YouFailedCivicsClass
@Harleybabe1029 So when are you relocating to Russia?
There are ways to do it lawfully. We don't have a king.
It is not the country ,is U who can not have the whole power to yourself only U suffer from advance narcissistic disease
That is so true.  What's wrong with these idiots welcoming in destruction to their families? What happened to their logic?
l want to see you
The average tax paying citizen wants to take care of our own.
you are the biggest trouble for your country, Sir. You're the worst president ever.
right go get em...
I worked in many Muslim nations since 1977. A veteran, I trust a Muslim before many Americans. A ban stops friends not ISIS
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
amen!!!!!!
sounds like your date.
you don't seem to be familiar with the concept of checks and balances.
THAT IS WHEN THE NATION IS NO LONGER SOVEREIGN..AND IT NEEDS TO EXAMINE THOSE IN POWER IN THAT NATION!
you are not a country. We are, and we are speaking. You woke the dragon, pal. Have fun with that.
just like your punctuation, you need to learn when to pause but more importantly, when to STOP
MUSLIMS have been in this country since before it was a country. They helped MAKE this country.
but they are many Muslims and children of immigrants in this country who look otherwise they hide themselves in other races
Refugees live in USA4Free, Hispanics work & live in basements with10 relatives no healthcare, please leave alone txU
We MUST STAND UP TO THIS judge, WE the people have spoken, now listen.
Liberal ProgressiveSocialistDemocrateJustices took an oath to protect the people Constitution&Republic she lied impeach her
why is it you want to keep us in? Some of us don't support you. Remember Donald not all of us like you
Just because we aren't banning certain people doesn't mean we are just letting anyone in. We have a system in place already
@KatrinaPierson Slash H1 B visas, legal immigration and give a chance to Americans
i agree 1000 percent. at ellis island there were rules
thank you we support you to save American God bless you.
I Tin soldiers n Nixon coming...
The Executive Branch is ONLY 1 of 3 parts of the US government
YOU DO NOT GET FULL AUTHORITY
[in part b/c of your   dick]
#2ndPlacePreident the problem with that is, you don't represent the majority of our country
Just keep fighting Mr Trump this world has gone lawless so lionfish they haven't a clue the danger that's in there country
https://www.buzzfeed.com/davidmack/trump-posted-a-false-news-report-to-his-facebook-page?utm_term=.jxNmnvPo3#.qd8rgE19W … we the people will vote you out liar!!!
How is it that the judicial system is not the country but you are? They're here for checks and balances. Adjust.
yes that's for sure
Big Trouble, Big Time!!! They need to leave you alone so you do what you say you're going to do. We have  working president
fake president!!!
a country can determine that. I think you mean "when the supreme leader of a country". Get used to checks and balances
actually, the country has spoken, you're just refusing to listen
liar.   Where are your taxes?
@POTUS how about a blanket upgrade to our security measures. Extreme vetting for all that want the dream. Holy wars over
"...The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me..."
Scary times we live in which is why you got elected. I wrote in my book that if anyone can get through the red tape you can
America is the country of immigrants. Proud of it
The key word is COUNTRY. Not you, the COUNTRY! Look at the demonstrations.  THAT IS WHAT THE COUNTRY WANTS.
agreed if our President is not the highest authority and has final say this is wrong.
You're not "the Country".  You WORK for the people of this country and we don't agree with your decree!!
AND the JUDICIARY is the check against authoritarians attempting to rule in a fascist and self serving manner. U are not!
VIRAL : 3 Beautiful Lives Tragically Ended Early By Radical Islam
Yes, history tells us how that affected "Little China"
You'll find the culprit at some point and I hope they get what's coming to them for preventing safety!
Mr. President, there are 3 levels of Governor, called check and balances.  You can't win them all.  Keep up good work!!!!!!
@POTUS http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/1f/1fd3eb2d600dfff5506ff549f5fd58fc7949f4f56eea21a8ddd689b2a13eb1a5.jpg …
bored.
The country can-  YOU cannot do so far unilaterally.  "President" does NOT equal "dictator."
very big trouble better go buy a gun so i can defend myself
it's you sir, not the whole country. Pay attention.
The country does already say who comes in and out. Maybe meet with the people doing the work and gain their perspectives.
#We will continue to  have big trouble until these people are stopped from entering our country.
Big trouble? Especially when such organization ineptitude is rampant. Why do you let Bannon do this?
I agree with what you said about this we do have the right to pick and choose who cpmes in and out of our country
Nice, huh?  YOU have the power to overrule this--normal for all countries to protect their borders.  See what we all see?
YEAH IF THE COUNTRY HAD BEEN ABLE TO STOP YOUR PARENTS FROM COMING IN THIS COUNTRY WE WOULDN'T HAVE TO PUT UP WITH YOUR
Your decision as President must stand -DON'T CAVE! WE are 1 Nation Under GOD -Not allah, Don't let them wear you down !
simple question: why the Saudi Arabia , which is the major contributor for 9/11 is excluded? Would be interesting to know
video
@Joemino see #Germany.We can't 
Your people want a voice. More than half of them say #letthemin
we the people say who can enter, not you the Donald.  Dont get butt hurt cause you got out played loser!!!!
@aliciapetermann just close the door.
When a president questions the neutrality of its own judiciary. DICTATORSHIP
Maybe you should've consulted the Attorney General before signing your EO. Probably could've saved yourself a lot backlash
. Buerocratic Intel Community!!! Conversations to foreign leaders leaked a professional job not some staffer
Everybody locks thier doors at night Sir,so that no stranger can enter thier house simple, you need to know who is entering
@POTUS Fear monger. Stop with the scare tactics.
BULL
Your Right .
Yo Donny, the US has some of the strictest immigration laws out there. You're an extremist, paranoid grandson of immigrants
only an inhumane fascist would think a five-year-old child is a threat, wow a severely mentally ill person is not.
Mr. Trump congra. Somalis elected a U.S citizen as their President.
YES but you will find a way!!! I believe in YOU. Thank you. @JeanetteAugust9
you are not the country. You are one ridiculous person.
YOU are the big trouble. RESIGN. nobody wants you
.@realDonaldTrump When a country is no longer exempt from harassment from POTUS, big trouble! #NeverNormalizeTrump
But this act is racially based and discouraging the civil rights so many people have fought for in the past.
Keep up the Great work
"big trouble" folks! like we are 5, is that what the American people are to u? Or is ur vocab just really that bad?
It wasn't a country that made the determination, it was a few Republicans acting irrationally.
True Americans Get It, Such Insanity
When I can't stop access to this country from countries where not one terrorist has come from on a whim - Big Trouble @realDonaldTrump
facingthesamething locally.When did illegals get"constitutional rights ".Don't the laws/rules of country of origin apply?
... Putin beat NATO into Crimea, and offered a vote to citizens to remain in Ukraine or annex to Russia. Russia favored 97%
a U.S. president is not supposed to act like a dictator.
FYI, this is America. We allow brown people to live here, and non-Christians. Ps. Your MOTHER was an immigrant.
I know ,I am a UK citizen...Been there,done that,bought the T shirt (with the old EEC logo )
We can and we have. Our borders are far from open and vetting has been the norm. Safer before DJT.
The real trouble s coming from the white house. WH s now terror house bcoz satan s there. His hair s orange.
you mean when YOU aren't able. Not the country, but YOU. YOU AIN'T THE COUNTRY, MY MAN. SIT DOWN.
1984 #tryagain
huge, very big...you missed some adjectives
It is a shame that someone did not keep your mother out of America. We'll not have your problem had that happened in 1930.
Big words from a guy who's functionally illiterate.
You know absolutely nothing about the vetting we already do.
please revisit your fundamental law. Sir
HUGE PROBLEM
can someone teach him proper English. he is killing it with "," and ".". lmao
When a country has a president who thinks he's a reality show king, your country is in trouble.
- When your country is led by an idiot who doesn't even know basic grammar ... there is no hope.
the country decides, not you. Wtf is wrong with you? We're all the country, not just DJT and his sycophants.
We are a nation of laws. Try to live by them. WTF.
the 9th circuit court just undermined the president and subjected all of America's innocent people to threat of terrorism
We are 100% behind you President Trump.  I'm so thankful you are taking charge to protect us!!
When a country reads & follows guidelines that the U.S. Constitution has laid out, that country will B GREAT! IMPEACH DJT!
you actually think UR gonna tell China what they can do in the South China Sea. Just remember China "IS BOUT DAT LIFE"
you go
Case by case, as previous vetting always did: fine. Blanketed, Islamophobic banning: unconstitutional.
BIGOT
They certainly don't realize the monies being spent across our borders... billions...
you need to go ... far far away.
Our country can say who comes in. You can't. You.Aren't.King      Resign
you are big trouble. Bad.
only big trouble if they're big trouble. Ur 7 countries have not attacked us soil. Where's ur ban on the Saudies, Pakistan?
"BIG LEAGUE "
it is not the country it is you and your wacky little following. Most of us DO NOT agree with you. YOU DID NOT WIN
yes he did he won 30 states. #delusional
will never be my president and did not win the popular vote.
he WON the election, get over it. Stop #RESISTINGREALITY
ahhh,the shroud of "safety"..... sure. #weknowyourintentions
you mean to replace country with "trump" the country can make that decision just not you!
You are NOT the country, WE are! You should be bringing the country together instead you're creating hatred & division.
Don't imply that there are no vetting measures in place. You're trying to influence public opinion by omitting facts.
Yes, it's basically blackmail. We need to find our stones again.
Don, you could be the resurrected Christ and they'd find some way to scream at you.. Its when they stop screaming at you
To stay out of big trouble, we need to deport you!
The country has spoken - and we welcome refugees and green card holders. But we invite you to leave.
THE COUNTRY IS NOT YOU
Maybe your paranoia is more dangerous to the American people than immigrants.  #lyindonald
Hey A hole Trump you want to investigate voter fraud then use your own money( like you claim you have so much of)

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
We don't want the wall.   That is the American people talking.  U need to listen and learn how to be president.
LAND OF the Free, except when Dumb Old Tramp or Fuhrer Herr Donald Von Traumpf decrees no doubt.  Prattus Maximus!
except they can. In case you don't know your own law, the US is one of the most difficult places to enter.
NO able bodied male of military age should be refugee. Fight for your country. Why should US soldiers die if they wont try?
The executive branch of the US government isn't "the United States of America"
- This nation can say who can and who cannot come in.   As long as the rule of law and the Constitution is followed.
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
exactly!!
our nation still can do that. We just have to do it within the Constitution, and treating people like human beings.
Donnie, dear, you are not the "country".  There are three branches of government.  Has no one explained this to you?
Our country does say so, it seems like you mean that  "YOU" want to say so. You are supposed to be the president, not King.
You complain about the same.executive.orders you sign..
stand fast I support you 100%
big trouble is your lack of understanding how the office of president works and how to be a true leader.
You are not the country.  You're a man who is hired to do a job.  And you're doing it all wrong.
Politicians and corporations have set this corruption up for decades.  Globalism, Socialism.
@POTUS absolutely!!
it's NOT the country saying that, it's the country's so-called president. More like a dictator who throws Twittler tantrums
@POTUS that is why we have a constatution to protect us from dangerious people like you ourforefathersknewbetter thenyou
praying all this resistance ends
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
It's worse when we can't have the President we elected!
Heard people say if papers were in order. Sounds to me like we're in Russia or WW2 Germany. Please stop.
Is your daughter single or is that a 'Keep it in the family' thing?
The best thing to keep this country safe and secure is for you to resign and leave the country.
@POTUS To use your favorite word, your rollout of this ban was a disaster. You have no one to blame but yourself. Learn.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
YOU are not a country. You WORK for a country. Our law prevails.
Big trouble in little china
@vesperman_cindy  It's not like reality is hidden n the forest. BREATHE DEEP until all hatred is out. Then, just open eyes.
That judge is part of this country
yea we Native American feel the same way
@conservation132
President Trump thank you for all you do for us!!
