
BREAKING: “We are dying here … we are going to see something close to a genocide" if we don't get more help, San Juan mayor says. 
I'll go with her assessment over American officials!
Puerto Ricans know better than her... she is a liar!
Damaris, are you from P.R.? Do you know first hand, or simply spreading the bilious, self-serving lies of our president?
Soy de Puerto Rico, con familia por alli si... y tu, sabes de experencia o solo distribuyes las mentiras de #fakenews ?
Fake news is what our POTUS depends on. He lies as easily as he breathes and you know it!
Typical. Go on attack mode when you've been disproven! Your candidate, whether burnie or hilliary were HUGE liars. Keep kissing their tails!
His (POTUS) lies are all well documented and provable, Damaris. Denial of that is futile. Better to claim you don't CARE that he lies!
'I am begging...we are dying' — San Juan's mayor is stepping up for Puerto Rico since Trump won't
But is she @ meetings? HELL NO! What a f-n LIAR! She shud go 2 jail 4 her incompetence an playing politics! Butthole! She's been found out!
Whatever you believe from the right wing propaganda machine. You are brainwashed. Period.
I could say the same about you believing the lies of the left, but hey, what the hell, we'll just keep running that wheel till it falls off.
Btw....9 million children lost their health insurance today. Nine million.

Trump went golfing.
Trump went golfing!! YAY. Obama golfed too.... and what the hell is your point? How about hor and senate do their damn jobs? Right, blame 45
Trump has golfed 70 days in 10 months. Obama golfed 77 days in 8 YEARS.
I don't care. He also has done more in less than 1 year than obama did in his whole 8. And I don't care what you say about it.
According to the general who cleaned up Katrina, the military, humanitarian response should have been in place in PR last Sunday.
While the President says he is doing a fantastic job, the Mayor of San Juan begs for dying citizens due to the massive leadership failure.
According to citizens on the ground no one knows who is in charge. That is a stunning and catestrophic failure in leadership.
General overseeing Puerto Rico response breaks with Trump: We don’t have enough troops or equipment." As the CIC, you alone own this.
Dems are telling all Gov't officials to  stay away from President Trump and Helpers!
Source?
'the voices' probably. It would explain the anti-democrat approach.
Fox News!
Donald Trump =pourriture assassins,Donald le milliardaire président,l'homme qui a dans le monde sauf le respect ? Qu'elle malheurs
He isn't doing shit but talking shit 
This administration is #failing United States citizens every day. #impeachtrump #wecandobetter
It took us quite a long time to get somewhat normal there where roads out power line down trees all over and thousands of homes destroyed
Once again you already RT this.
I honestly can't believe that @Scavino45 is still in America! The fact he was intrinsic in committing treason, I assumed he'd be in Russia!
#cameroUn’s “Brigade d’Intervention Rapide” (BIR) commits GENOCIDE in #SouthernCameroons under COLONIAL OCCUPATION
Fuck Trump, people are dying and he is worried about playing golf and the NFL. My family is there and there is not enough ppl to distribute
Hey Dan The response to the cries for help from Puerto Rico have largely gone ignored. They are dying  how's that MingAGA??
Hdp
Best

President 

Ever
You must have brain damage.

When Trump was elected, we worried people would die b/c of his incompetence.

It's clear we've hit that point.

…
as K

Ap1


Hasan marouf.pesian golf.
Your response to this hurricane is going to come back to haunt you. I'll be revisiting this tweet next month.

#PuertoRico
You are blowing it on so many fronts, but the response to Puerto Rico is beyond.  People are dying and you talk of a very big ocean?  Sad!
San Juan Mayor's T-shirt says "Help Us, We Are Dying" #TrumpsKatrina
Where did she find time or resources for that since she's been trying to take care of everyone! Curious
What's your problem. Shit  You ever think that someone gave it to her because no one is listening....as you sit in the comfort of your home
You sure as hell wouldn't have that attitude if your grandchildren were over there stuck without food or water & no one giving a shit.
You've got a problem and definitely missing a Brad Pitt sensitivity chip.
9 goddamn days of people suffering and dying while shitgibbon trash-tweeted the @NFL.
You're response sucked as do you
Oh look you already retweeted that one
مجنون بس
The shameful self-serving an complete inability to relate the truth in this address is nothing less than expected. Despicable.
#fucktrump
You can say whatever you want about Puerto Rico, but it's a disaster area the mayor of San Juan is begging for help and organization. USmess

San Juan mayor pleads for federal help after hurricane: "We are dying here"

Read more: http://nbcnews.to/2fxNjKT  
Doing a #HeckOfaJobDonnie !! #AlternativeRealityShow.
We got up and worked all of us I didn't see but I'm sure they were there to help but for the most part the people helped each other
Draft Dodger Tax Dodger asshat leader 
Starting 4 days prior to landfall NHC wrote 17 full Hurricane María advisories. Every single one called for landfall in Puerto Rico. 16 of those forecasts called for María to hit as a major hurricane. Remarkable work…
We get screwed!!
lots of ocean? really you dropped the ball. You just can't admit it. Catrina Rico baby. Your pathetic. A zit on our assess.
Cleared their own roads from fallen trees so Elec could be restored easier help each other and don't complained standing in front of supp.
You are actually letting people die!  Do something!  Stop talking about how incredible you are & save lives!  #Loser #BadHuman #MAGA
Also you have a general there in charge
He lies. He exaggerates. He babbles incoherently. He is an utter failure of leadership.
You are KILLING THEM.
The last I checked he was responding to TWO disasters in Texas and Florida, not dancing the Tango in Cuba as Obama was during the flooding
Aaaaaand if you have to change the subject, you've already lost the argument. He's got THREE disasters to deal with. Not two. THREE.
Touched a nerve did I,  if you know so much you go over and help or start a relief fund what exactly are you doing to help other than gripe
You changed the subject. Just pointing out the obvious. Now  you're changing it again. Still can't admit how badly your boy is fucking up.
Nooo just curious on what your doing other than gripping and swearing at a total stranger, yup your a democrat
Okay. Well, I gave you three tries to actually discuss the situation in Puerto Rico. Unfortunately, you're about as bright as the president.
Scratch the surface and he worries for his family. I could tell you all that but being a liberal you wouldn't believe me!
Does he even know where Puerto Rico is?
No, he just knows they are brown people and have debt.
Did you even make it through kindergarten????
President Trump: Making America great again. THANK YOU!
got tax cut? 
We'll take it, President Trump. Thanks!
This is also seriously funny
You suck.
I think Carmem Yulin Cruz, mayor of San Juan has a more accurate & realistic account of the situation than 45 & cabinet members. Huge fail.
Except she failed to take charge & open/distribute  contents of containers. She looked good in her Trump hating T-shirt and clean hair/body
Maybe mayor you should rally the people to help we went through sandy here in nj 4 yeRs Larry ther are still people out of there homes
This is being handled like Katrina. A huge shame for America. Get a coordinator over there now
Thank U President for being so responsive and proactive in all the natural disasters we've been dealing with
Yes, waiting almost a week to notice Puerto Rico is amazingly proactive.
Yikes!  Your ignorance is showing!
Noticed gov there balked in bond holders help-is that un-wise ???  Maybe the island needs a new type if leadership that promotes US freedom
UNDERGROUND electrical grid - not old polls as we still see today !!!  Rebuild with offshore drilling there for INDEPENDENCE & futures/jobs!
LEADERSHIP IS EVERYTHING - leadership without graft!! You can't trust Congress with its insider trading illegal policies to do what's right!
PREZ TRUMP AND STATE DEPT - get er done !!!
MAKA & KAG 
WOULDNT DOUBT ONE BIT AMERICAS DECADES OF GRAFT IN CONGRESS HAS VERILY IMPARED OUR GREAT NATION - enough NOW ! Rebuild all America RIGHT 
WHATEVER IT TAKES PREZ TRUMP GET THAT TRAIN MOVING AGAIN 
PERSONALLY - I NEVWE LIKED YOUR PICK FOR TRANSPORTATION - YOU CAN DO BETTER FOR ALL AMERICA - IM SURE !!!  THINK HUGER. 
Trump is a sociopath and a disgrace
Our President is doing an excellent job the governor said so and your Trump Derangement Syndrome just cant handle it
You know what I would love to see when you disrespect another woman? You are fired!

It should not be more than a week later for us to be seeing this.

I know what the response is. Not interested in the lies DT is telling. #HelpPuertoRicoNow
Thank you Mr President #MAGA
You should have been in PR a week ago.
Aren't U golfing this weekend at Ur golf course while people in PR need food, water&medical help.  I know UR not that but they R Americans
Hey! News flash....they are Americans!,,,,,,Remember?  Never mind....I guess not.
Thank you POTUS for helping my Puerto Rico. I wish you can have the co trol of every penny for a better distribution of the help.

Why aren't you there yet !!! Get out of New Jersey and go To Puerto Rico and the http://U.S.Virgin  Islands ....Tuesday is too late...
The only things u need to be discussing are rescue efforts, the budget and health care.  Americans are not giving up football for u.  Ever.
https://www.facebook.com/NBCNews/?hc_ref=ARRH2zY8RjROu66duRW-LewM-VjPN8J1JqqDki0P6307AtWLzBLTiNcgrhD8nFo-naY&fref=nf …
The Puerto Ricans don't seem to think you're helping at all
Also @realDonaldTrump the mayor and people of PR you've said are so happy with your response ARE NOT happy #WhiteSupremacist
Show all the pictures of the people that have not been reached!  Promote yoyrself all you want but, you have done a shitty job...
@POTUS do you not get it the American people do not believe anything that comes out of your mouth
And this is all done from the golf course while he bad-mouths the mayor and tries to make the media out to be against him ridiculous

So if Detroit or Chicago had a nataural disaster you’d ask them how to pay for it? These are Americans they are a US Citizens
A Message Written by General Kelly, and presented by a liar.

How to claim great effort with little to no effort? Send 40,000 aid workers to the Florida Keys, which are 1/20th the land mass of Puerto Rico. Then send 10,000 aid workers to a devastated Puerto Rico, smile, pat yourself on the back and say "It's only a territory anyway".
Is the ocean really big? Is it yuge?
AMEN AMEN
Retweeting your own social media person is really lame, and just more worthless propaganda.
So incompetent can't even help a distressed country.  Get out!
The first cases of cholera have begun
I need your fucking help Trump
Some more truth
Blame locals for your inefficiency.
Amazing Cheetolini can read those big words his speech writers use.
Trump.. I'm trying to watch TV stop retweeting shit... fuck!

You should be ashamed of yourself for your slow response to Puerto Rico. Your racism is obvious again. And then you attack the mayor? SAD!
Sizzling steak head every time.

@realDonaldTrump may have finally found the island of PR but we all know it took tons of pressure from the media to get him to help!
I know they have trucks full if supplies. Those people should get off their asses and drive the trucks. People do have drivers licenses
Lies, lies, and more lies! I like Drunk Trump on Jimmy Kimmel more.
Failure and Chief!
Trump doesn't know wtf he is taking about. Ask the starving/dying in Puerto Rico/ Washington DC. Trump is an imbecile. Forgive subtlety.
#LiarInChief Relief efforts in Puerto Rico are even worse then the efforts in New Orleans after Katrina. Where is Brownie when you need him?
God bless the USA. The actions you've taken are totally honorable President Trump. Thanks to all involved! 
That will be a short update because he isn't doing anything but talking about it....
Yea uh huh.
Powerful moment from San Juan mayor: "I am begging, begging anyone that can hear us to save us from dying" 
Too bad there isn't some way to forecast these kind of storms so we don't have to wait >1wk to react to the effects.  Wait.....meterology
To @jakengracie2 Didn't you know the #WeatherChanel is just "Fake Wx"? #Trump helped too many non-whites in 1st 2 Storms! He met his quota!
Hurricane unavoidable natural disaster ravaged P Rico destroying amenities told world fragile nothing permanent.
Thats alot of blinking.

All hell is breaking out on island. I'm sure you'll hide the bodies. #RetweetStorm #RussiaGate #TaxReturns #PuertoRico #NoLegislationPassed
No that's HRC and Bill that do that
The 1990's call, they want their crazy back.
Bill and Hillary
Petty and shameful...
How can you golf this weekend when people in Puerto Rico are suffering?  Shame on you!
It's such a shame that Don and Dan both set an example for their children that it's profitable to LIE. Not what American stands for.
We've never seen an island so completely surrounded by big ocean water.

Thanks for
I think he threw up a little when he said assist

PUERTO RICO MAYOR INCOMPETENT LEADERSHIP 2MOBILIZE&UNITE CITIZENS NDISASTER COMMUNICATED LOUDLY ON NATIONAL MEDIA.RESIGN NOW UR INCOMPETENT
Once upon a time, in a teeny tiny universe called Trumpworld...

Get Puerto Rico help the people now
Get'er done Trump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
San Juan Mayor Slams White House For Calling Puerto Rico A Good News Story As People Are Dying
blah blah blah -"we are great"  "I am doing such a great job"  blah blah bullshit!
Eight days too late.

#Loser
Great President  

Thank you for doing a great job Mr President...
Disorganized response leading to no water or food going to those most in need. This will result in deaths.
Slow and inadequate response, and now also failing to acknowledge the ineptness of the White House response. Sad performance as POTUS
You need to take lessons from Lt. Gen. Jay B. Silveria, a real leader.
Everyone this is unprecedented, finger pointing is not helping.  Read this realizing how much IS being done & pray:
stop lying your not commited to nothing stop lying man your not sending anyone, you don't like Puerto Ricans it was said that they we are
@realDonaldTrump cares my family from Ponce Puerto Rico are safe.  In fact the Gov  says @POTUS has helped. #MAGA
Stop. Please. Just stop. I know ppl who still haven't heard ANYTHING from family.
Forget Fake news, just watch our Government's videos.  They are there and making a huge difference.
This is what we want to see n hear from our president, not those stupid remarks you tweet everyday. Act the part of a president with sense.
I don't see or hear 10's of thousands of Puerto Ricans in PA, NY or New England offering to help. Bankrupt PR wants help? It starts in PR!
Nothing but lies from trump re PR. About what we expect from him.
"BALONEY "
@realDonaldTrump ,thank you for heavy job

Propaganda! I have family and friends in Puerto Rico! A total failure in terms of planning, execution, efficiency and effectiveness!!
Honorable !!! Amazing !! From Him !
@POTUS 
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist 
#dotard
#GETOUT

Dear President Trump .
This is how your Iraqi ally is respecting your Flag .
People see fake news! POTUS helping as fast as he can
@realDonaldTrump will get impeached for the deaths in Puerto Rico. Worse than Katrina.
Enjoy your bots trump. Nobody likes you
Puerto Rico need to stand up and go independent

Supplies are great. But military coordination among distribution and teams is required.


The Atlantic Ocean, people. Atlantic Ocean - it's huge. Repeal Obamacare.
No, no, no. The Atlantic Ocean is yuge. So is the Caribbean. That's why the wealthy need a yuge tax cut.
.Look it's a repeat of Max Headroom.  Oh wait, this is the dumbed down version!
Stop tweeting and read a book!
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #trumpsawhitesupremacist #racisttrump #trumpsaracist #fucktrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #trumpbigot
Dotard
Hearing a different story from officials in PR.
 lol


Well, Latins that voted for Trump should realize by now, that when Trump was talking about "Mexicans" he was referring to all Latinamericans
The top 0.1% -- people with incomes of $5 million and higher -- get an average tax cut of a cool $1 MILLION PER YEAR by 2027.
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Putting lipstick on a pig. FAILURE. #Katrina FEMA asks P.R.'s to register by phone or internet!! NO TOWERS-NO POWER
Asking people with no electricity to register for FEMA aid by phone or internet is not a well-considered plan. 

