.@POTUS @RealDonaldTrump calls #USSPorter and #USSRoss commanding officers to thank them and crews - https://go.usa.gov/xXG9n  #SyriaStrikes 
Tell the Navy, Mr. #Trump, how dodging sexually transmitted diseases in the '70s was, to you, just like being in the service
Thanking them for failing,miserably.sad
you = embarrassment
BIGLY=BIGIDIOT

Get over it.
I just realized that BIGLY=BIGIDIOT and GET OVER IT are two of the funniest, most complex, and continually rewarding jokes I've EVER seen.
Good for u!
Deplorable to Mr Prez: NO POINTLESS WAR!!! FIX OUR BRIDGES AND BORDERS!!!!!!!!!! We didn't vote for this!!
@POTUS @USNavyEurope Thank you for treating all our servants in military with RESPECT for all they do! 4 u DAILY!
Yes, thank u 4 killing people, just 2 distract from trumps BS, and to make him look more presidential. Major FAIL
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP for WORKING SO HARD TO MAGA!! 
All the news these last few days took America's eyes off the prize.Time for DIVERSIONS is over. Still a failed 100 days LIES&SCANDALS abound
release your tax returns
WTF does his tax returns have to do with anything??
His tax returns have to do with everything
Like what specifically?  I bet he's paid more in taxes than u ever have
He even admitted during the debate that he didn't pay any the last few years at least.
He's paid his fair share!  Get real!
Then he should have no problem releasing them like he promised.
Haha!  That's whats important to you?? REALLY??
I can't  believe those  teeny tiny hands can really
reach your back.
The Brave Live here We care about Others Being poisoned . Killed ,and always will .
Why don't you humiliate the other branches? Did the #Navy piss you off with #FleetWeek or something?
Your Syria strike killed four children, btw
Will you allow Syrian refugees into our country now? Or is drowning in the Mediterranean or getting killed by barrel bombs okay with you?
Thank you president Donald Trump for making us feel safe! For taking on one of the hardest jobs there is! You are appreciated! God bless you
Really you feel safer when you are close to ww3
I'd rather you just say thank you to our president!! And leave it at that!
I think he did mistake. Big mistake
Then we have the whole North Korea issue no that didn't just start in the last 70 days that has been going on for a few years but Obama
Sir, thank you for recognizing our Sailors! 
He recognizes you now, but wait till you go home after your deployment. #ResistTheSwamp
Thank you for all you do though! @USNavy
Whoever still thinks Trump has relations with Russia, this proves u dead wrong #MAGA
real cost of missile strike...  $1.9 m/ missile * 59 missiles =  $ 112,000,000.
You are under investigation for treason. Do you really think we want you anywhere near our military?
Aren't you talking about Hillary Clinton or Obama they're the ones that took all the money from Russia
Thank them? Piss off #DraftDodger
Why so silent?
So I'm sure you will ALL join me in saying "CONGRATULATIONS ON MAKING TRUMPS WALLET GREAT AGAIN!"
Ooh rah from this former Marine to my good friends the US Navy!!!
anyone tell you they used the airfield the next day and 3 countries threatened you with war afterwords?
You don't need neocon's like McCain and Graham's approval. You did fine without them, Listen to your base. #nowarwithsyria
We still want to see your tax returns, @realDonaldTrump. Seems like you're hiding something. 
I voted for you because you promise to stay out of Syria.  Shame on me!
This seems weird to me.
How so?
How at odds it is with historic precedent for one...
What are you talking about?
The President who dodged serving tweeting photos of servicemen and women accepting his thanks after obeying his orders. It's weird.
Where did you serve bro?
I didn't. I did register for the draft and was never drafted and I certainly mean no disrespect to those in my family and out who served.
I'll tell you one thing I hate is people like you. The left and right using veterans as a means of political talk. Seriously ppl need to stp
Took time to call Moscow but didn't ask congress.
doesn't have to ask Congress, read the constitution.  Needs 2 let them know y within 48 hours of doin
He did it because theyd been told multiple times to get rid of those weapons not by us but by the un. Everyone okd it and everyone backed it
This is just outright false.
How is it false?
I may not like him. But he is my president. And this is Easter. One day we need to come together in unity. Our soldiers are at stake
Peace 2 u my American Brother... we can be ideological opposites, but we ARE united in American Brotherhood.
I resemble that remark @POTUS 
Thank you for loving us. #USNAVY
@FoxNews & Trump Approve of @KremlinRussia_E attacks on innocent people #Aleppo #Russia #MAGA #Trumprussia
https://twitter.com/Shaykhabulhuda/status/809161719897587713/video/1 …
Rev:"because it will appear spiritual and trustworthy but instead will be satanic in its conduct." #DirtyDonald #Trumprussia #SyriaAirstrike
@realDonaldTrump Before U solve the problems of the world,start by opposing Russian cyberattacks on USgov& elections. #Trumprussia
THIS IS POWERFUL
#NoBanNoWall #SaveSyria #TheResistance #Trumprussia #MAGA #DEPLORABLESFORTRUMP 
.
.
#BanTheBuffoon #BuildThePrisonWall

Thanks for wasting $100 million on a fireworks display in a parking lot while cutting Meals-On-Wheels, Trump!
While you enjoy your freedom won and defended by "fireworks."
That "attack" did absolutely nothing. Zip. Tell me something it did?
Wrecked Assad's air fleet that was used to drop chemical weapons on children as well as lower the threat of retaliation by Assad.
Please do not assert things which are not true and which are easily verifiable on reputable websites.
Okay, so 6 got away. But plenty were destroyed. It at least lowered the number of jets he had available and sent a powerful message.
Message being there's a buffoon running the US
Yes girl.

This is the stupidest meme ever. We wanted him to let refugees in, not bomb the country and make matters worse and help ISIS.
Refugees must flee to congenial or neighboring nations, like Europeans do in times of conflict. See Ukrainians 2014-15, Huguenots ages ago.
Thank you @USNavy! #USA https://twitter.com/usnavy/status/851227376826634243 …...
Can I have a million dollars please?
Such a good man, thank you POTUS for being a great role model and working tirelessly to make this Country great again!!!
Your cowardice makes me ill..
Just an honest question.. not trying to start a war.. If him NOT being in Service is so important.. Why does #Military Love @Potus so much?
Was this staged?  Did you really ask duty service men and women to take photos of their colleagues on the phone to you? SAD!
U f-kin serious? U never seen these types of photos b4? Look back on the past 8 yrs n see ALL pix of that beanpOle were staged. R'mbr this
Is this a sciff room. No!
You're so thankful that you want to take health care away from veterans, right?

North Korea is no joke. Your stunts won't work and they know what you did. You are putting us in danger.
You dodged the draft how many times? Ha ha, you should not, like, hang out with the military at all. Kind of weird, isn´t it?
them like i go thru p-$$y just to find one who thinks jus like he did - killing too many Americans, spreading violence n death globally;
Who is a stronger leader??!! 

Vote below and RETWEET!! 
#MAGA #buildthatwall
@duskyprophet @Tam_Resist sorry, but it's not Obama's fault you're a racist. And hated that a black man was your President.
@POTUS AVOIDED THE DRAFT
 #USSPorter #USSRoss GOOD  BLESS WOMEN AND MEN THAT SACRIFICE 
 @tahino1 @Coxyolada @isitreallysin @wonderfullone
Does stating that about @POTUS make you feel better or superior??? Smh
More Mien Kampf Trump Bullshit!!!
How the Russia investigation into its interference in favour of You during the election coming along?
YOU Killed only 4 "beautiful" babies- well done @realDonaldTrump!
I second that!!!
Please hear what the Assad regime says! 
#Syria #AssadGenocide
Why all the publicity stunts?
Will you publicly condemn Putin for his support on Assad? and the use of chemical weapon on innocent civilians including children?
GOD BLESS our armed forces and its Commander in chief. GOD BLESS AMERICA.
Squirrel!
Stop reflect and  go America first no troops or money anyhow  anything you spend would be borrowed this is a bankrupt country!! do your job!
#Trumprussia
You killed 9 people and made 59 holes in the ground and you think that's what the American people wanted. You are destroying our Country.
You wouldn't know a ship if it disappeared up your ass
#GodBlessAmerica #PROUDAMERICAN #HooyahNavy
The navy thinks you are crazy. Especially with your position on climate change. Dummy climate change is the  biggest threat to our security
Did you tell them to drop bombs & miss targets,costing useless millions,remember some elderly person will not receive,meals on wheels,SAD!!!
I defend the Trumpster! What's the 2 have bombs & not use?They got only 1 purpose, to blow up things! Why not junk i , to be a big man!
Mr Trump Where is the promised aid to Venezuela in its electoral campaign? Move the command south to the caribbean sea is a clear message
War Pigs. Evil minds that plot destruction. They only send the poor.
from @nytime: After the Missiles, Remember the Syrian Refugees ! So true!
There was another shooting in San Bernardino today. And it's your fault.
So was the last shooting in San Bernardino Obama's fault?
The republicans in congress pushed a bill that called for less restriction on firearms.
Launch more missles!!! Do it!
Propaganda
Fascism is Fascism whoever writes the propaganda
Yeah, like all the dozens of "independent news" sources paid for by satan, George Soros.
Awesome @POTUS #MakingAmericaProud
Now I just knew those cruise missiles were accurate!!-->https://youtu.be/zYX4IxZi54Q  U know how 2 protect d innocent w/o going #overboard!!
Any of your family been in the military? I didn't think so. It will be other people's children who die at your command. Show us your taxes?
( !! OUR TROOPS DON'T MISS!! We ALL HONOR OUR TROOPS!!! !!
Nice fireworks that did nothing
WIPE OUT ASSAD'S AIR FORCE! Do it NOW!  DESTROY HIS SARIN STORAGE Facilities NOW!
Ха!С Трампом получилось точно:он сейчас повторяет все слова Клинтонши и говорит её языком!)Как переродился мужик!А может всегда таким был!))
I see you beaming with pride over the violation of state sovereignty. .I only wonder how do you sleep at night?
Isn't posting the soldiers pictures some sort of national security breech? Now the bad ombre's know who they are
Nice Try Tangerine Toddler!
New York Times Wins Three Pulitzer Prizes, Wall Street Journal Wins Commentary Prize
WARNING: TO THE WORLD IN FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 2O17. THIS IS MY RESOLUTION. THE NATION'S OF THE HUMAN RACE HAS TO SET
I would appreciate it if this was not just a one time show.  If we are going to support a cause then let us support the cause.
THIS @POTUS WILL NEVER FILL THE GREAT OBAMA SHOES.
@tahino1 @Geraldanthro 
@POTUS44
I don't really understand your angle in Syria. I do hope you'll continue on an America-first approach, though...You ran on that.
You couldn't care less about our troops. They are toys to you. Great for photo ops and making you look bigly brave.
Calm down, they don't make a flight suit that'll accommodate that wagon you draggin.' No flight deck moment 4 u. #MissionAccomplished
Nature of the Constitution was/is justice/truth must "satisfy all appearances of justice," not by hiding premises+.C Marbury vs Madison....
Trump bombs Syria airport..Hudson News & Cinnabon destroyed! Syria resumes flights next day! I was delayed 20 hrs. On Delta same day. Loser!
@POTUS Wow, look at that USSR oss
Show them that you almost got a full grown pair and bomb them again
Love this President!!! FEELS GOOD MAN!
thank you sir!  We all love you.
Yes Sir
NYT walks away with (3) pulitzer Prizes! U know that lying NYT! Oh, what goes around, comes around so says my daddy!
I like it alot, great job MR. President and USNavy, keep it up THKS.
God bless and protect our AWESOME military. Home of the Free because of the Brave.
Too bad those million dollar missles  didn't do any damage. The strike was obviously a PR move. Also, why warn Assad's friend the russi
Go NAVY!!  Draft dodging president should not be allowed near Vets. Military school does not make you a Vet.
Our military personnel and hardware ROCKS!!!! We are the best and stand for what's right regardless of what others might think.
I'm just a con man as your fraudulently elected president! Yay 'MERICA! Yay the 1%! You stupid sheep. I win while you lose. @potus
Mental pygmy.
Excellent leadership, Mr. President.
Thank you
Anchors away!
Splendid
Where are your taxes?
Not only was bogus attack orchestrated by POOTIN and lapdog tRUMP, now turns out the Swedish terrorist and Norway bomber on russian payroll
Sending Navy's old tomahawk missiles to destroy a few Migs that Russia will replace with their old reserve...
Thank you for doing absolutely nothing, but making more enemies. You accomplished nothing! You've cost us enough.
despotic fool
U r lucky no one was killed or hurt. #wag the dog.
Thank you Mr. President for providing this great country with a real Commander-in-Cheif!
But do you TRULY mean it or are paying lip service...I believe it is ONLY lip service.. YOU don't care about anyone, very republican of you
@KeyDonaldTrump @USNavy The KISS Strategy coined by USA Navy in 1960 defined simplicity best policy when tackling issues.
@POTUS so nice to say thank you as you unnecessarily send them in harms way
Hey Donnie, hope you call your mate Putin to congratulate him on the massive bombcon you pulled #TrumpLies #bombcon
Between the $24 millions it costs for your golf trips and $96 millions for bombs that missed targets, you are bankrupting America!
Just BS to say see putin doesn't like trump so stop looking! BS it must be really deep ties to go this far keep looking! must be close
You do know this little distraction won't stop us from investigating your Russian ties, or stop us from demanding your tax returns, right?
Could not have done I.T. without 
1.  @SPAWARHQ 
2.  @spawarhawaii 
3.  @redacted – at CTVHS MRI
Smoke screen!
Yeah, thanks for making me richer.
What you r doing
