You play golf every weekend.
#TrumpGolfCount #Golftus #DontheCon
Trump has spent 1 of every 4 days in office at a Trump golf property. https://twitter.com/dmartosko/status/933349465787981826 …
you are an embarrassment to our nation. Take your golf clubs and shove them up your 
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well...
#impeach
#golferinchief
and grabed his pussy while fucking tiger woods back
Hey Donald, what defines a "bad dude" slated for deportation?
Your idea of working.Why haven't you built a course at the WH? Were you discussing national security w/Els? What does he think you should do
You may want to play less and read more. Who's out pacing Tiger now?
He is a bad guy!
great speech.   Best ever from the greatest president ever.   MAGA
Wasting more taxpayer money eh?
Please, try to do your god damn job, protecting and representing the American people, instead of golfing!!
golf? Of course you did. Do you work? Ever?
We’re all a little chubby, but @realDonaldTrump is just worse than most of us....... DJT is a very unattractive person, both inside and out.
Too bad America isn't.
played golf while sending American heroes to die for profit. Very sad!
yOU ARE SUCH A TWIT!! OR IS THAT TWEET?
Reply to @realDonaldTrump I don't mind you golfing. I mind you golfing more than Obama did after you blasted him for golfing. #FakePresident
did you not say that you will not have time for golf (except for promoting my brand). #trumpsfakefacts
Hope your bosses didnt get you to try to reintroduce the vaccines banned there Donald. Not Good,

MILLIONAIRE ASSHOLE GOLFING AGAIN #MAGA 
So glad to see you relaxing. You work almost every day! It must be hard. #impeach45
Yes, we are fully aware that you play a lot of golf on our dime. #impeach45
he doesn't take pay for his job, he did not take money for his campaign, such it up if his wife stays in NY.
Great Time on the US Taxpayers Dime Millions of $$'s monthly for weekly 3day getaways to FL Waste Fraud Abuse
Too bad the U.S. isn't.
this was a secret meet with the Russians!! According to the mentally ill democrats!
hypocritical. Bad talks Obama for playing golf once in a while. You have left White house 3 times already.
you're welcome! #americantaxpayers ... get some work done.
#INeedAttentionTour
when are we going to play golf together and we can talk farming !!  Dont worry I support you!!!
.You are so patronizing 
I'm not swimming and I'm golfing with Abe
oh. You played golf today?

Prime Minister Abe would probably rather have played golf with Meryl Streep.
The U.S. is not.
Ducks quack trumps play 

Well you choice
Love Ernie. Was missionary in South Africa. Played golf many times on the course Ernie played first Pro round
I would LOVE to play a round of golf with you.25 handicap. ATL GA
you are doing great sure hope  you find the leaks.
like my former US House of Rep member tried 2 do off me U believe that guy? Making $174K per year!! #TSH #TSH!
House of rep member 2 represent thier constituents & not try 2 fund raise off their @advocatehealth legal cs
That's d role of d leader of d free world 2 establish relationships w/foreign leaders just like d role of d US
Nice that you get to play golf, the people of Flint can't drink their water.
Too bad America isn't
@getjabby #jabit
I am glad you were able to have a few hours of peace. Thank you for all you are doing for our country.
Will you as President golf and/or take more vacation time than former presidents?
but you criticized President Obama... you HYPOCRITE!!!!#dumptrumpnow

@Analitica: TSJ ratificó condena de casi 14 años de prisión a (cont) http://tl.gd/nnfol2 
How much did that cost me!? Looser. Stop spending my money. I worked much harder for it than you. Looser. Sad.
who won the round?
don't you have a healthcare plan to work on?
Right On.
You mean yous topped shaking his hand long enough to play golf?
Golf? Three vacations in Florida in the first three weeks of your presidency..., really?
AND THEN DISCUSSED FOREIGN POLICY IN PUBLIC AT A DRUNKEN PARTY.  WHAT A FOOL.  NICE NATIONAL SECURITY THERE.
when you yell "fore" I bet you spell it f-o-u-r ha ha classic
U always complained when Pres Obama played golf, but it's ok for u?  Mr trump-don't care about others
ANOTHER round of golf? Didn't u complain of the golf that our great POTUS Obama played? SAD!
Great! So proud you had a nice time! You deserve a break from work. :)
That's a POWER foursome for golf.  I'd pay to caddie for that group.  Keep leading as you are president Trump.
weren't you very critical of Obama for playing golf so much?And about these vacations of yours... Hypocrite
how many heads of state went with bummer? He was working even while on "Vacation"
i wish we were.
Golf at your establishment that you've yet to sign over to your son so the country is paying you money.  #Criminal
did you tell the prime minister of japan that you are endangering the lives of 8 MILLION of your citizens?
Was Obama there? Just curious! He's been on the gulf course for 8 yrs! Thought he was POTUS?  Amateur golfer?
HYPOCRITE! YET YOU SQUAWKED ABOUT OBAMA GOING GOLFING? YOU HAVE TAKEN THREE VACATIONS IN ONE MONTH! U MUST BE LOW ENERGY!
So what was your score?
unlike the USA
Thank god your playing golf while the country is slowly spiraling out of control.  Golf that helps.
played golf? Gee how professional, god forbid you actually do work.
Instead of going to security briefings
Can you say "conflict of interest? "
Talk about the bizarre handshaking thing you do!! We want to know!!!!
And America is well presented with you as president 
everyone just grow up, as if u watched Ernie on every tour, and drink his wine everyday! Both men are legends!
Three vacations in three weeks. Get back to work!
- you played golf while Korea launched missiles and Flynn conspired with Putin. Tell me again how that makes me safe.
and you have the nerve to criticize President Obama.  Shame on you.
I like Japan more than I like you.
I thought you were against vacations for presidents
What happened to your vehement criticism of Presidents playing golf? You hypocrite!
too bad we are not!
3 weeks 3 THREE Golf vacations.  Bahahaha  read a book
Abe is part of cabal,you know it.q
just remember, you criticized the time Obama spent away from the White House. We're watching you – 3 weekends in a month 
here we go.....Playing.
How much you win????
I can't figure out if your account stresses me out, or makes me laugh with responses ppl make.
Hypocrite!! Also violates Constitution you receiving payments from foreign government while Pres., WAY TO GO!
Kicked his ass!
- sorry , we can't say the same thing!
.@realDonaldTrump @TheBig_Easy And you black out the reporter windows? Uh huh.
Abe is a dog,you konw it
glad you're doing the important things... like... golf
I am interested in your Africa Policy. During your campaign you were very silent on the African Affairs.
In this Photo I am with my friend Senator Bob Katter
Some of us love you and Pauline Hanson here in Aussie go Donald
I wish the US could say we are well represented
Americans wish we were well represented!
hope you both had a great game
Oh , poor Billy NoMates has to hire a pro to make up a foursome....
And the taxpayer paid the bill:- you know how to work the bills!
Hey, remember this?
And all your team has done in the past is rag Mr. Obama for playing golf. Sad and dishonest!
golfing already? Lazy. Hypocritical. Sad!
now that you are president,are black people allowed on your golf course?
COMMIE, ALTERNATIVE NEWS FOOL
critized Obama for playing golf, yet here you are. Hypocrite
is that YOUR GOLF COURSE OR SONS....hmmmm
Too bad the US is not.
: Played a little golf with Prime Minister Abe.
Why is he playing golf when 180,000 people are displaced due to a dam in California? Doesn't he care about us?
TO BAD THE USA IS NOT WELL REPRESENTED.
you had a great time. PM of Japan probably couldn't wait to leave.
How much did you charge the US taxpayers?
You cheated no doubt.
.    Why not a F..... Veteran?? Makes good sense to me. Don't forget you promised us we were factor of elec win
Prime Minister Abe is so glad he got his hand back from your tiny paws, don't think he'll show up again...
The White House is falling apart and you play golf.
Great to see my sporting hero and President Trump playing golf.  Mr Trump you go and change the world!!!
Emollient voilation.

You are the welfare queen Reagan warned America about.
why give the media anything tell them F off.
Hope you didn't let him win. Important that they bow before US and not the other way round. Remember WW2
let's see how much did that cost me
I hope Ernie whispered in Mr Trumps ear about the desperate help we need in SA. Pls don't give money.
sad to see Els dealing with a devil
Two of my favourite people! What I would give to live in n country with you as the president...
is this like #bridgetjonesdiary 2017 version or what? I'm confused, aren't u like the president?  #deardiary
not supporting his wine/restaurants again. Surely he should know better than to cuddle up with a racist
after running that mouth of yours about Obama and vacations, you start off with one? Wow
shame the USA isn't well represented..
those golf balls must have looked like soccer balls in those tiny hands of yours 
Did Ernie tell you how our wondeful president is messing up our beuatiful country @SouthAfrica #justasking
didn't you always complain about Obama going golfing???
I think doing "business" while golfing is genius!!  THANK YOU FOR REPAIRING OUR BELOVED COUNTRY!!
Ernie... another Rhodesian. .. awesome!
Shame the US is not @realDonaldTrump @TheBig_Easy
who won?
Too bad America isn't.
u stole the election. Resign. Tell the public HRC won and get out of the way.
(to love myself,i love you! Theres a part of me that hates myself(that is you)!
Well bye bye Ernie as a credible person.
Who the fuck is Peter? Get a fucking life! #ILoveTrump!
play with @TigerWoods ! He the best to have ever played!
Sure, you've got the U.S. people against one another and you go play golf. But if Obama did the same...
Nice about your dinner but let's get troops out of Afghanistan& stop sending munitions to Denmark for NATO

@realDonaldTrump @TheBig_Easy
I thought golf was bad. You should be working. Stay in D.C. You lazy old man
You do know, according to Japanese name convention, you call the Prime Minister by his first name?  Protocol!
So how many gold games is that for you in 4 weeks?  Such hypocritical behavior its sickening! #watchful
