
Amen!
Trump represents everything that Jesus despised: wealth, greed, jealousy, false pride, worship of idols, etc. Your trump is a false idol.
You are judging should God punish you for that? We are humans and we are not perfect!
What do you think god's judgment would be 4 a serial false witness bearing, idol wor$hiping, pathological philanderer? #10commandments
-GOD May 'judge' Obama
-MAN will judge TRUMP+KUSHNER+MANAFORT+FLYNN+Hypocrites,Thieves in the GOP+ALL Corrupt Politicos…JAIL+Seize ASSETS

Separation of church and state is and ideology found in the communist manifesto.
It's also found in the Constitution
Another example of no understanding of our forefathers intent before it was highjacked by Leftist ideology using courts to perverse intent.
Leftists today didn't affect religious persecution in 16th-18th century Europe
Thus why forefathers felt wording was necessary to not allow the church to dictate/control a gov't. Nativity scenes removal wasn't intent.
As well as visa-versa, ie  gov control of religion; such as universities removing bibles from chapel & removing cross from steeple on campus
What did God think of your third wife's same-sex nude photo shoot?
lol who cares. Get over it!
Separation  of church  and  state
And I hate to break it to you, but you are not God
But he thinks he is. He also thinks he is king of the world.

FUCK THAT NOISE  DEFUND TERRORISM  #ENDTHEFED
END THE FED..... END THE WARS!
I'm pretty sure you worship power & money. #justsaying
You do know there is such a thing as separation of church and state in AMERICA Donnie, right?
Donnie boy would have to READ our Constitution to know this. Way above his reading and comprehension level. #trumprussia #trumpLIAR
Yes, this an excellent point. A man with a third grade reading level certainly can't understand the Constitution. He needs a pocket diction.
Hey, how was church this #SundayMorning? You went, right?
Hahahaha. If by church you mean sat on his disgusting ass + watched Fox News talk about him then yes he did. And it was bigly great.
Why won't God Himself bless you,  storms stones and verbal attacks can't pull you down God bless and keep you
how about a hell no
Im an American I don't worship any god. What are you talking about?

Omg your funny traitor trump!
Actually that's a personal preference and it has nothing to do with the laws of the land
Can I just add every Atheist on this thread?
Not all Americans. It's called freedom of religion...
Amen!!!
Dumb klutz
@KristinaJulia2
Thanks so much!!!!
Anytime Kristina! 
You’re a God Send btw....no one has ever explained Bible like that...I was so tired but didn’t want to stop talking lol. Someone told me today I’m not agnostic because I said there prob is a God, that came from YOUR influence 
I was very tired and unclear too. I'm also not a gifted writer but I have a knack for comprehension. There's so much more too, God has the best sense of humor and I'm going to find some funny verses today!
Oh, you are def gifted....I am so tired though lol
Me too but the movement has me excited today! MAGA never stops!
Same here, I feel like I am on speed or something, can’t stop tweeting lol
You are very welcome & POTUS is 100% right~We save our worship for God & God alone~Blessings to you and yours ~♡~
I assume "GOD" is an acronym, for Gold, Oil and Dollars. In which case, you are stating the obvious. The other GOD is deader than dead.

Straight up though... what?
shut up
When is the last time you went to church?
Constitution says no.
Or we don't Worship at all.

Nice banner!  Love it!
That is Great.Worship is doing His will....n observe His commands...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL3SSMP_YJU …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEjWSCu63ZY …
If there was a heaven & a hell AND if people like you are going to be in that  heaven, then I would for sure choose hell!!!
Translation:
In spite of nominally being president, Trump has never read and does not understand the constitution. 
He read "We the people" and lost interest. Threw it right over his shoulder.
Trump is NOT a smart man.
NEW VA SYSTEM HELP. VETS IN ALL WAYS.-we are all waiting on HC that works for US individuals ! TO deny US CITIZENS HC or force bad HC is 
WE KNOW PREZ TRUMP WAS THWARTED BY A VET - strange ! One person harmed our HC for spite !!!  Congress needs better ldrs soon - that puts
I DONT THINK SOME PRESENT IN CONGRESS HAVE A CLUE WHAT AMERICA STANDS FOR !!!  It's freedom isn't taught in schools-patriotism is character!
THE PATH TO SUCCESS IS THROUGH GREAT WISDOM WE SEE NOW ! GOD BLESS US AND KEEP US FROM EVIL !  RENEW OUR STRENGTH TO CONTINE SUCCESSFULLY 
said America worships God. Is he doing that by trying to commit all seven sins?
did.... did you ever pass middle school history classes....
government, particularly garbage with no core values (like you you), does not tell me who or what to worship.
excuse me but how can u, the literal devil, worship god
You already fooled the evangelicals, you can stop pretending
Well let's see here. I'm in America. I'm an atheist. I don't see how that fits your logic.
And a good many of us don't worship anything, we think for ourselves. Freedom of religion also means freedom FROM religion. 
#TrumpRussia
Thank you BorneoJimmy.
But donald, what about the separation of church and state, ya silly goose. We have a 10 year old as our president, i swear...
The founding fathers worshiped LIBERTY
In America, we have the freedom to worship whomever or whatever we choose or not to worship at all. 26% of Americans don't believe in God.
Except for Congress who worships the power of MONEY! Look at the falsified epidemic to see how they are profiting off pain & suffering!
You're living proof that God does not exist.
I don't worship God and you worship money. Glad that's legal for both of us. #1stAmendment Fyi, It's part of our Constitution.
PROBLEM IS, you think that is YOU! You're the most UnGodly, UnChristian Charlatan world has ever seen. Hitler didn't pretend to be religious
DONT MAKE ME LAUGH @realDonaldTrump   http://www.truedemocracy.net/hj37/45.html   READ MUCH???
Not according to @ChrisMurphyCT
Well, he'll worship whomever he wishes & then pay for it, big time, when that day comes.  His problem.
Separation of church and state!
Separation of church and state!
Separation of church and state!
Separation of church and state!
There is to be NO separation of Church and State. GOD ORDAINED GOVERNMENT (Isaiah 9:6) (Romans 13:1-7). God didn't ordain bad government, that's mans doing. The Government of Twelve is derived from the Twelve Apostles.
1. That tweet was from six months ago (also good job finding it) 
2. First amendment, my dear Valencia. First amendment says seperation of church and state.
Amen. You should say "God Is Great" at the end of every tweet, every interview. Then people would get the message.
Yes we do, God is good and so is our POTUS.


Unless the American is a Democrat.
It seems that way.
Sadly, some #dems still worship obama 
Wonder if Ken Starr is going to Investigate? Should Spend Millions just like when Bill got his BJ from SLIWENSKI!
Government needs to worship #wethepeople . Or at least pretend to give a damn every once in a while.
Mr. President
Put down the blow, step away from your phone, and start acting like the POTUS. From all concerned Americans.
Not me  I worship love
No. We don't all worship gods. For instance, you worship money.
Even as Christians we should luv eachother regardless of race/color/status/religion. God told us 2 luv ur neighbor even if they don't luv u.
USA have frickin basil brush as president
As if you knew who God was. LOL. #loser.
Yes! You're so [not] right! Because there's no such thing as separation of church and state in our constitution...
Or not... check out the seperation clause of the first amendment. You really need to know these things you have sworn to uphold and defend.
Actually in America we have freedom to worship god or not.  That's kind of the point.
Just remember, you are not God. Quit demanding that your people treat you like a God. You don't even come close to God. Your more dictator.
You are fffffing nuttier than trump.
No. Some of us don't believe in imaginary sky daddies, thank you very much.
WHICH God? There are 1,000's to choose from. Which one do you mean when you say America worships "God"? What about the millions of atheists?
Your God is money.
We don't worship a god . . any god . . .we are a secular nation
Trump worships
Which God? Seriously, I'm pagan so I'd like cto know if you're going to persecute me.
He believes we worship this god.
I thought Bacchus was better looking.
Not Bacchus. Abbaddon, who rules over an abyss and commands an army of locusts to torture unbelievers. Referred to in Revelation 9.
So it is the christian god?
Love Mr. Donald J. Trump! We are all sinners finding our way to the truth. His journey like others, is no different, and yes we learn through our journeys! Hearts, opinions, views, values & morals are edified & clearer with age, then bestowing wisdom in abundance! #Maga
Tell that to DemoRats
@GingerLWills
#ProveIt #WakeUp=Ep5:32
#Enter #InnerCourts=Ex30+1Jn2:27
#3DayFast In #Gods1=#BurningBush=Ex3:2-3+19:9+30:6-8
#Qaneh #Cannabis=#GodsClouds
https://twitter.com/1993FreedomAct/status/932600293195440130 …
#GodlessGovt
#DontWantU2KnowGodWithin=#3rdEye+#3rdEar
#BlocksGodsWordFromGodsPeople=2Th2:4
#AsUSowUReap=Dn12:2=#Train
#Behold=Rv1:7
#HeComesWithClouds=Ex30:6-8
#EveryEyeShallSeeHim=1Jn2:27
#EvenUThatPiercedHim=Ac7:51

…
Interesting that none of you see the irony in this statement. Followers of Sharia would agree with you mr. prez.
Yes thank you Mr President
Amen President Trump praying for you and thanking God for you have a blessed and safe week.
God bless you @POTUS
#movies
The first president who has no fucking clue how the US or our constitution works. Sad!
What do you mean WE? I don't worship either one. #25thAmendment
That’s nonsense, we worship neither. We elect a government to work for us and all gods are imaginary. There’s no worshiping  required
#RECALLTHEELECTION NOW
We're not a theocracy! See the first amendment of the US Constitution!
AMEN
Quit trying to act like you are religious.The best lie you told your followers is that your Christian.No one likes you or your little hands
Which you are not!
Then why are you trying so hard to be worshipped? Wait - no I fear I know the answer.
"e pluribus unum, not one nation under god"
Except Trump supporters that worship a lying, racist TRAITOR!
God will show us the path of right and wrong. It is up to us to embrace in value,success, God, land and family
Why r u yelling? In America we worship who/whatever we want. And maybe nothing at all. It's called freedom. 
Can you please stop pissing off my cat
Keep tweeting in all caps...maybe that will help people believe all your bullshit.
Why are you shouting?? "God " can hear you.  You should remember that # impeach
I don't believe in any gods. I do believe in government. And what you're doing ISN'T government, it's just a personality cult. Please resign
Someone call a furniture repair person. @POTUS is off his rocker again.

Thanking God for you tonight Mr. President.
Are you speaking for @RichardDawkins ?
Hell yeah gettem Trump...God is 1st..with out him Great Godly Men wouldn't have made a place of freedom and an opportunity at a better life!
Take a break from your "working vacation" & speak on these hate-filled white supremacists in VA like a man of God would.
Which God? There are a lot of them.
Every time I check out @realDonaldTrump's post responses I am reminded how incredibly stupid an enemy humanity is up against in the #liberal


Your EVIL you donot know God if U did U would not have grabbed ,lie, cheat, commit adultery, or STOLEN the office. YOUR HURTING GODS 
Who's that?
...and you worship !
"America" doesn't worship either, you treasonous hack.
Wrong yet again, in America we separate church and state ... you kind of suck at this government gig, don't you?
You worship God? I though you worship money
Yes



Heard that McMaster has fired 3 pro-Israel people.  Be sure to review what he thinks of Israel. God blesses those who bless Israel!!!
: IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD! @RickRoss  Praise the lord!
BOI WE WORSHIP HOT CHEETOS AND ROMANTICIZED DEPRESSION IN THE AMERICA IM LOOKIN AT
Amen President Trump!!!  Iam so ready for all the haters to leave this beautiful country you are trying to fix. Lifting you in prayer daily
In America we are free to worship whoever we want. As the President you should know that.
Yes sir
We refuse to worship our imbecilic Congress and their failures; they do enough self worshiping.

You dont worship either... he worships himself and money / power
I worship no one. We are not a Christian country, no matter how fascists like yourself try to spin it. #proudatheist #notmypresident
Nope you don't worship God - you are a morally bankrupt bully
@realDonaldTrump is an atheist

@IvankaTrump, your dad's gone delusional again. Don't forget to give him his meds.
You're a hypocrite, Don. "I was hungry and you gave me food, thirsty and you gave me drink, a stranger and you welcomed me." Mat 25:35.
Amen!
In America we don't have a government, not until all posts have been filled. Your god created world in 6 days; all you've created is CHAOS.
I worship neither of those things. Esp with you trying to kill off the lower class by cutting healthcare & social services
No actually most Americans worship welfare checks
I don't I'm an atheist. And what about freedom of religion. People worship other things than god in their religion
I think you should have your advisors break down the constitution for you. Or visit your son during his US History class
i mean not everyone is as religious as you, and you can't really force that on anyone  there's other religions
Yes We,the peoples of United States  do Worship God.If God orders you to fight against China,U should fight against China(sponsor of Noko)
Yes IN GOD WE TRUST...
NOT IN MY NAME
Yes Sir Potus Trump We do not worship  Government We worship God!!
Not all of us. And last I checked the Constitution makes that ok. You should read it some time. At least the Spark Notes, eh?
You've #reported every #tweet of #PresidentTrump. #Report this 1 too?
#JahLove. As my #ancestors #wrote, #JAHisGreatest @lbc.Crazy Bengie
Which god? Man has invented thousands.
There are many people who worship God but just to remind you...YOU ARE NOT A GOD AND WE DON'T WORSHIP YOU!
We should worship God only
Looks like you worship money and power and attention #Insecure #greed #TraitorTrump
And here I was thinking Church and State was supposed to be separated...
Separation of Church and State.
Looks like someone’s not familiar with Thomas Jefferson’s vision for the separation of church and state. #sadpresident
In America we believe in religious freedom which means we worship what ever the hell we want.
i luv luv luv this
In America we get to choose whether we worship and who we worship. And on another not, you sir as as ungodly a person as exists. #pandering
state/religious divide wya
AMEN Mr President
Not all American believe in God Trump.
In America we worship as we wish or not at all.   #ConstitutionOfTheUnitedStatesOfAmerica
