Choked, on Putin. 

This is too much.

Where's Colbert with this one?
Obama lies
Of actually working to make this country better like you promised I cannot believe that we put you in office I personally didn't vote at all
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't wan...
BS!
In my view Obama did not want HRC to win the 2016 presidential election. Scars from 2007-8 too deep.
Yeah right! That is why he was CAMPAIGNING FOR HILLARY!
Because you are the worst president that we have ever had you are really running our healthcare plan into the ground and I'm not saying
No fool. They wanted election untainted by outside influences, but you wouldn't understand.
BHO didn't want to slant actions against you, POS; it involved classified intel close to an election. It was ethics-you wouldn't understand.
With all the ridicule and anger and resentment from the American people and actually don't think your wife or your kids deserve that
Ben.... just stop with whitehouse lies... please. It's not worth it. We are much smarter then you obviously think.
God always reveals the truth. #trumpcult
Take a pacifier and go back to sleep. Stop whining.
Obama is dabomb! You wish you had swag. The brother was raised with integrity. You are so jealous. LOL
Before obama was interfering. Now it's all his fault. The appropriate people were notified and aware. He focused on Unlike #lier
Why are you quoting people u called fake news?
There is no fake news. Journalists have integrity and credibility! What does Trump have always telling lies!
Disgraceful
Whats the officials name ?
Bingo.
Shouldn't everyone dems and republicans be concerned about Russian hacking?
Of course but Obama did nothing about it
He tried. Mitch McConnell blocked him from trying.
Trump innocent  ,Obama administration guilty! Going after wrong person why is that?
O that president of mine
Mr. President Donald Trump, let's put the Russians, the Obamas and the Clintons in the rearview (ass-end) mirror and go 4-ward with USA!
looks like @realDonaldTrump finished his Saturday golf and is on a tweet fest - people say he may get back to doing his job later
You are delusional. There are medications and therapies that can help with that.
Dont you have better shit to do than this? You are the President!
I can BELIEVE that!!
You need some medicine your attention span is very short you only focus on Obama and Hillary your hatred for them is disgusting focus on JOB
So what you choke on putin everyday
And you lie every time you open your mouth about the election. You must be so proud! And the popular vote to Hillary and you know it!
Correct- Hillary won the popular vote
Nail them to the wall!
We were hurt by the Russian and electoral college they made you president not us we went with Hillary by 3 million
Republican President Trump

When are you going start taking responsibility for anything?

t
Thank You
In '09 when you were 11 lol? Do tell.
- sooooo...now you admit the Russian meddling.
Actually they didn't want to be seen interfering with the election. The easiest and most logical thing would have been to arrest your staff.
If @BarackObama knew in AUGUST 2016 there was interference and did nothing, that's tantamount to endangering our nation. No outrage???
His option was to arrest key Trump personnel and perhaps Trump or try to warn Russia not to interfere, he went with the latter.
Furthermore, in order to arrest (not the POTUS's job), one needs actual charges. What specific charges should #Obama have cited to arrest?
Mitch McConnell & GOP congress dismissed then-vague info. Bigger crisis then for them was camoflaging you as Republican. Trojan Horse.
You won already so shut up and Do your job!!
They didn't want you to go into a Twitter frenzy. They should have gone for it. Now do something to fix the problem of hacking!!
No they didn't want to interfere because you called it rigged anyway. It was being rigged BY YOU.  AND YOUR RUSSIAN FRIENDS
LOCK HER UP!!
But it was already out!
Trump, I'll be honest: we are all SICK of hearing about Hillary while your healthcare plan raises premiums AND kicks people off insurance.
You're screwing millions of people while bitching about an election you won half a year ago.

You wanted the job, do the fucking job.
And get your facts straight, Obama screwed millions of people with Nobamacare,you need to stop blaming Trump he'strying to clean up the mess
He's not cleaning up anything. He's golfing ... let's get it straight.
You wish you had his work ethic he works 19 and 20hr days every day sleeps 1 or 2 hours a night and has done that for his entire adult life!
Omg. You are trying too hard to shift blame. You're so damn guilty.
Do you like do ANYthing presidential or is your time divided between golf, tweeting and watching TV to get more gossip
Good luck in jail
They thought decency mattered. You proved them wrong.
You are guilty. You are guilty as sin. #trumpcolludeswithrussians
0 days in a row without mentioning Hillary
Bet you never tired of democRATs blaming George W Bush for 10 years. How you like us now, bitches? #MAGA
How many of your 0 followers do you think read that, Senor Bot?
I don't need followers #SORELOSER
I voted for you, but am sick of what your reactive tweets are doing to your office.  Stick with substantiated facts before you tweet-please
He doesn't know and never cared about facts. He conned you and millions of others into voting for him.
Such fixation on Hillary. And, I thought you said Russian meddling was phony.
Hillary was not prosecuted for proven illegal action. Thank God he's fixated on her. She's not a over the rest of us. Hillary for prison!
They aren't proven illegal actions if she isn't prosecuted 
Example, you could catch a murder charge without having the "intent" on killing someone. In other words, Hillary is above the law.
Prolly not a murder charge maybe a manslaughter 2...unless you're a cop they you won't catch anything except maybe some extra vacation.
How on Earth would that hurt Hillary? You literally are so desperate…
Every single intelligence agency & Congressmen from both parties admit that Russia wanted YOU to win bc you're easily manipulated.
Stop obsessing over Hillary & fix your disastrous health care plan. You're going down in history as the worst president—ever.
What happened to wanting unity? You realize the election ended around 200 days ago?
I'm starting to think you have a crush on Hillary… this is how third graders flirt 
Leave it to the far desperate left 
Hiliary was and is more humane and popular than you are!
Looks like Russia may have been involved DISTRIBUTING REAL NEWS. not fake news. They did what NBC should have been doing. What’s to do wth T
And you didn’t. You “took” all of Putin’s.... ugh. You know, you’re a “real” man.
I guess throwing taking 2 compounds and ejecting most of the Russian diplomats
He meant it to hurt president Trump
You know what Donald. This is just too sad. Everyone is against you. Time to retire to Florida where all the other old New Yorkers do.
Everyone with no common sense.
This is so bizarre I feel we're in some low budget sci-fi movie that has a bad actor villian playing the prez. but sadly this is real life!
Seems to me it's the left who are full of hate and using evil slogans. Notice how they reacted with violence when anyone wore Trump hat! :(
Mr Trump Shut Up Do something Now Be a man be a leader Be a President you R A Worse then A Bad Leader
I'm so glad I voted for you and don't have Hillary as POTUS. Shame on Obama for backing her! I love an honest Pres. U Tweet us the truth!
You think he's honest? He told you Russia was fake, then says Obama is to blame for Russia. He contradicts himself/lies all the time.
I could give a crap about Russia and CNN's fake news. How bout when Obama told Trump good luck with NKorea bye bye. Dumping that in his lap.
79.2 k oops !
Obama kept quiet about the Russians bc he expected Hillary to win - did not want to upset. Only reacted afterwards. So lame
because the Russians were helping who? @realDonaldTrump
#OBAMATREASON
apparently you are confused as to what that word means. @realDonaldTrump will though be brought down for it.
no way. But slowly all the Dem criminals will be rounded up
lol Obama didn't do anything criminal. He was under no obligation to reveal anything to citizens, but he did @realDonaldTrump
bc you laugh doesn't make u correct. He purposely ignored Russia to allow Hillary to win. This is treason.
NOT telling everyone helped @realDonaldTrump see how that works?
Obama did zero abt Russia meddling to protect Hillary's election. Obama did zero abt Benghazi to protect his own reelection
The most ass-backwards tweet on this whole thread. Makes 0 sense.
says the guy w 26
Funny. You judge content by followers!  I don't spend a millisecond trying to get followers but if it makes you feel good about yourself 
jacka$$

You are a liar- a crook- a farce
OR they KNEW their RATS NEST would be ripped apart and exposed.
Looking forward to the day you & corrupt, self-serving family are incarcerated. U are an international laughing stock; dangerous 4 America.
Personally, when you're done reunifying Korea, I hope you'll build one the biggest most magnificent military bases in former North Korea.
You don't understand the concept of "fairness," so you won't get it.
Sounds like you admit Russia interfered. You won b/c of them. Like so many of your spawn you are illegitimate. #GetTheFuckOutOfMyHouse
Are you talking about the meddling that you have repeatedly said did not happen? Admitting it now,huh?
sorry they choked. if Obama told the public you wouldnt be president now. you only won because of the help from russia. #DonaldTrump
If anything Russia wanted killary to win so they could manipulate the US.
What are you doing about it now?
Lmao!!!! What a bunch of sore losin' cry babies."He beat us so I'm  mad and gonna say bad things." Your ALL pathetic.And I cant stand Trump.
Americans are worried about jobs, health care and safety.....might want to start reading up on those issues
They are not nasty unlike you!  You blurted out false accusations and rumors and LIED LIED LIED
Choked?-t/u Lord that these 'O' admin officials weren't faced with saving all our lives...they choked on other occasions- 'stand downs!"
You are so self centered! You are eating and drinking our tax dollars....earn your keep! Accomplish something!
He sanctioned Russia. You are remiving those sanctions because you work for Putin and the Russian mafia.  Traitor.

THEY CHOKED ON EVERYTHING THEY WERE PUT IN OFFICE FOR! THE ONLY THING THEY DIDN'T CHOKE ON WAS RUINING OUR COUNTRY LIES AND CORRUPTION
Truly, it's a form of psychosis to keep doing the same things and expecting different results.
The hell is wrong with you? You can't blame Obama for the stuff the assisted your victory. TrumpCare should not pass, stop the sideshow.
They didn't want you to accuse them of cheating. Cheating is your MO.
The Russians wanted a very bad President of the USA and they got their wish!
@POTUS44 worried about the ethical implications of publically challenging the meddling. In other words, you couldn't possibly understand.
I bet that Obama secretly wanted Trump to win.
YOU LIED and said it did not happen,, so it looks like YOU chocked..on your own lies.
If you guys didn't vote! ! You guys shouldn't talk!
Brown Mar'ble" Yahusha
I think sir, as do huge amounts of people, that YOU are choking bigly.
yet did nothing to stop it out of fear by doing their jobs, they might hurt Hillays campaign.
Because the Russians were supposed to help Hilary, and she lost anyway
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came 2 acting on Russian meddling of election.They didn't want to hurt the election
U are getting closer & closer to being impeached. I can hardly wait. We will then get our great country back.
Suprised you don't Choke Daily on The Lies that you Spew.Junior Prezzy Trainee doesn't Know What's Coming. Get in your Plane&Fly to Russia.
You are treating people. How do you sleep at night? I Then I look at your wife I see someone timid as if she scared to speak up
You are a bad person
The amount that you have used the word "meddling" makes you sound like you came straight from Scooby Doo
I thought you believed any Russia related article was Fake News.
Hmm, i thought you said it was fake news, hoax, and a witch hunt!  You spew lies and show how incompetent you are on an hourly basis!!!
BULLSHIT. Mitch McConnell threatened Obama not to disclose. So you both are complicit
you will be the only witness against yourself in any legal proceedings against you.....
I am worried about you Mr. president. When you get on your knees to kiss Putins feet, will somebody be there to help you back up?

Obozo is a Big SISSY 
The entire Obama presidency was a big fat choke.
I always remember the fit they were throwing when the towers fell about republican win
Dear Mr. Trump- so sorry that Obama was better than u in every way.  I know it must hurt bigly.  Keep crying, it is soooooo presidential.
That is not what they said
Exactly. Hurting Hillary would make them lose their power. So happy you won! Life with Hillary at the helm would be devastating
So now you trust leaks, huh? How convenient 
It's still HILARIOUS to watch these reprobate mindes Demonicrats literal going insane because Killery LOST, MAJOR BIG TIME!!! Hahahahahahaha
Hillary Was Beyond Help !!!   Lol
No, you dufus. It was the opposite. He didn't want Republicans to start crying that he was giving preferential treatment to Hillary.
@POTUS, the election is over. Bugger off about Hillary and stop mucking with healthcare.
So now you blame Pres. Obama for something that you said was fake news, you are a fake president.
You are so delusional. Tell Ivanka to return you to the nursing home
betrayal. they already expect her to get off scott free.  they're happy about it.  its too hypicrital.  that's the voters feeling.  just so
America's pain hurt and anger should be only your Burden. You talked about bringing jobs to America when u Outsource your
Charge #ClintonFndn #Hillary for #RICO
& obstruction 
Chkout another #grassroots campaign organized against you:
https://boulder.craigslist.org/mar/6191207916.html …
Leader of the Free World and then people for practicing was their god-given right to a religion you are at one of the sickest
They were letting you and Putin dig your own graves.  I hope you have. #TraitorTrump
best to be cautious..unlike your campaign call to violence and hate.
Choke on a cheeseburger.
#CCOT #MAGA
That makes Obama a traitor.
Obama, as usual, put politics before the Constitution and America.
What are you going to do about it? Now you admit Russia meddled, what are your plans? I am guessing you will give them everything they want!
What about the law? God forbid if Hillary gets hurt for criminal activity. But hurting our president for fakenews is ok? What about the law?
It wouldn't matter what he did, you twist it to your poor me place either way.  You lie, twist the truth, and manipulate to your benefit.
Go Trump. Thank you mr. president. Democrats are Crooks.
I thought you said Russian meddling was fake news & could have been anyone. Why disrespect Pres Obama? Oh yeah, you're jealous of him!
Some of your supporters calling for civil war, with bigger names preaching how we are already in one. 70/80's propaganda+fanaticism is back.
For God's sake GROW UP.
U R right. They didn't want to hurt #Hilary. But the whole world wants to hurt you. The whole world. Well except #Russia. They want U 2 stay
Hilarious...if they released then you would have whined how unfair...it helped you as you have not been elected
Dig deep and reveal everything. Drain the swamp and MAGA
I bet you think chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
Liars.
@Amyloukingery They wanted to hide many truths because Bernie.won the primary.
Its over , move on . Stop screwing over the middle class .
And we wish you would choke on a big hairy 
The art of the deal, is his bullshit, and then his steal!
At least he has d mind of a responsible human being that will not talk, act & lie 2 cover up d truth, or act like a baby. RIGHT? SAD!
Mental gridlock. They worried about KARMA.
I thought u said the Washington post was fake news. Now you're referencing them. Which is it?
Mr president there are those that just don't get it
Ok then suppose all your dealings with Russia and...etc are acceptable, the release all spies and collaborators jailed sorry to dead ones☆
fuc
And it would hurt Hillary how?
They wanted to be impartial!
Nobody Likes you.
Remember "Anything u say can b used against u in a court of law"
"Candidates should remember, anything you say may be used against you in a court of law" https://www.citizensforethics.org/campaign-secrecy-group-wrong-argue-first-amendment-keeps-presidents-tweets-courts-eyes/ …
He was A real President who cared about all the people.
What are you doing to protect our sacred democratic voting ?
And God knows, it's WAY too late to do anything NOW!!
Trump's lies!!
