The Dems are so frustrated & try to frustrate you.Praying that our Lord gives you exactly what you need,when you need it. You are  #MAGA
Obstructionists need to stop the bullshit we need a functional government. They would have had a canary had the GOP done this to Obama.
Have a good day .glad your my president
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now h...
You need someone in there to trust. Find a good senator!
You appointed Sessions your A.G. But nice try.
When I think on these democrats I think of the Pharisees in the Bible
Umm, yo mean like the Reps did to Obama@?
keep doing it,,,,,,,we will survive...Thank you for your hard work.
We shall overcome! We are American's. nothing's going to overcomr@as long as brothyylivrd
Thing
You need to see what your congress passed silently
Umm, kind of like the Republicans did to
not sure I have seen Trump cry?  Please post a clip.
No, I really haven't perceived it that way. He stands up to deceiving tactics. It's called strength!
What generalities you are referring to? Im not blind. Pres.Trump defines strength.
His strategies will work
If you had anything remotely logical to offer that does not involve Russia, you might get something done.
Trump we all want to see your tax returns! ALL OF US Demand to see your tax returns.
Continue the good job. Be to focussed
FIRE A LOT MORE OF OBAMA ADMINISTRATION!
How is it that the Democrats get away with not following the law and committing Crimes? Democrats are also Obstructionists.
Permanent positions such as AG for each state is wrong.  It needs to be changed.  It's not constitutionally correct.
WTP believe in you!  WTP pray for you, so hang tight.  The Dems are hanging themselves including the RINO's.
why do politicians get away with felonies, while normal people go to jail for misdemeanor's?
I hope and pray that Obama and Clinton will be tried and convicted of high treason.   He is an ISIS member.
Payback is a bitch.  The Republic's are the big obstructionists.  Refuse to vote on Obama pick.

welcome to every day politics, your picks carry too much negative baggage, requiring extra scrutiny
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/recover-deleted-whatsapp-messages-from.html?m=1 …
@POTUS they are obstructing just as REPUBLICANS did in Obama years.
a I l z y
Reply to @realDonaldTrump the repubs treated them as they obviously wanted to be treated
It is so disheartening to see our Lege. act like this. Obstruction hurts America. Libs forget we r UNITED States
Destroy the Democrat party 
No one will miss them
@WhiteHouse perhaps it's Bannon admitting the dismantling of every agency? You'll spend the rest of your life behind bars.
my doctor would sign off on it. I quit my last three jobs because of psychological disorder
wouldnt
DIVA WHY DON'T. YOU GET A JOB AND DO SOMETHING PRODUCTIVE.
Obama away! in 2009  the U.S. debt was $10.6 trillion for 8 years risen on 78.9% and 2016  $19.6 trillion
dear Donald Trump. My disability filled to move through. Put me in a horrible situation. Please help and approve it.
depressed
Did you not pay attention for the last 8 years?  Ask your party about their tactics.  Part of the playbook?
TEY HAVE BEEN TRAINED TO DO WHATEVER IS IN THEIR POWER TO DELAY AND OBSTRUCT BY THEIR MASTER:  DON'T THINK B.O. LIKES U.
I did respect your intellect until your executive order banning immigrants from the seven predominantly Muslim countries.
another pipeline spill why don't you talk about truth for once instead of your made up stories followed by sorry excuses?
change take time and resistance, my advise " one at a time"
stay strong God Bless.
they are being delayed because your choices send us back 59 years. Get a grip.
keep up the good work
The President cool as cucumber but look who's having conniptions Now.  Ha ha ha
I wish with all my heart that you will have an independent investigation into the illegal leaks being
@wharton #jerk #moron #potus #realDonaldTrump Wharton school of politics, Donald? Straight A’s!
republicans are turning on you.  They are leaking information while acting like they are with you.  You need to fear them.
Then we should respond in kind when making our policies. They can't continue to block your progress & timeline for success
First of all it is politics as you know. Second the GOP and you obstructed President Obama for eight years.
It is there job to do due diligence, they should ask as many questions as they need to feel comfortable.  This is a big job
bummah.
i have heard that u have issued free visa for Ghana 
How true is it pls
You are Overly curcumventg the Constitutn!!
Cause Capt. Obivious  being overly & over the top political. I will not call Mr. Pres. until I meet u in the White House!
weren't you democrat a couple years ago?
wish you would dissect that "remodeling" project Obama did in the WH, may find your leak
delaying your progress gives them more time to shred their misdeeds
you make me want Bush back
-cabinet picks exceeded all expectations.  A sorry bunch of billionaires cannot convince us they are for the people. Sad Sad
well don't let that bother you if you really wanna get rough go ahead and do what you need to do
Let the EPA do their jobs.
@WhiteHouse yes i hope they stand strong because in 2018 we go stand strong for them
lie, playing the victim, gaslighting, selective inattention, projective identification, lying by omission, scapegoating
I would say I am sorry that you are having to learn about politics on the job, but I am not. It's funny watching you whine.
I love you bare  my children ;)
.  They care more for refugees than they do are vets.Put that in their book.....
yes they are for good reason
@MustacheChuck they r grown babies Eagles have a song Get Over It that's what they need to do
Loretta?  She is horrible!
You will find a way to stop this!!
Truly a Republican Ploy
sick , were all praying for you Mr President
just like the repukelicans did for 8 years...but once your buddy Putin is in power over here it'll be fine.
Tyrants should be slowed
don't remember hearing any Democrats saying we would not work with Mr Trump or our hope is to make him a one term president
MR PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP,  ITS TIME YOU FIGHT, FIRE WITH FIRE,     EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED
as a ordinary person my civil rights violated by 9th decision not safe
learn the rules u hackass
That's because you made the worst picks ever made.
THEY ARE ANGRY LOSERS
Bannon needs to step forward.  Go back to your tower.
your paranoid!!
step aside and let Bannon lead.  Admit you know nothing about law.
delaying because your pics are not qualified. They are racist. You big baby
keep fighting the good fight. I can't believe we have such a media controlled public in this country.
Stop whining and do your real job. So far you hsve done a loudy job.
seriously is this all you do, tweet shit all day? Clinton should have got in
please look at history....not the truth
i agree with u big time.....they cant beleave that u won
I support everything you have done, never give up! Hopefully they are hurting themselves in 2018
#RememberObomasSCpickaholes
is there any way possible to silence the nonsensical rants of Waters and Pelosi?  Will a vote of no confidence work?
isn't this what the GOP did for 8 yrs.  Ever heard of Garland?
You are doing a great job. It's difficult to imagine the 44th president and secretary are agitating an already sad party
#Resist #no DAPL, #Not my president, # impeach trump.  Learn how the democratic system works. It was made for someone as U.
like Republicans don't!
REMEMBER DONNY YOU DIDN'T GET THE POPULAR VOTE. I KNOW IT HURTS BUT MORE PEOPLE HATE YOU. MAYBE YOU SHOULD RUN FOR KKK
this sounds familiar 
Obama was obstructed for 8 years
well, they are your oposition, so that is what they should do.
Anyone that try's to delay you only shows that they are the True Haters of America!
#poorbaby
Obama is out of office, your are the President now, get a better excuse.
welcome to politics Donald you think the Republicans just rubber- stamps all of Obama's picks?
Hang it there Mr. President! It's quite a mess to clean up!
these Democrats are doing a disservice to our Nation.
like how Reps held up a SC nomination for a year? Purely political. Sad.
they are delaying your pics because your nominees are NOT qualified! DeVos being a billionaire does not make you qualified!
Like the Republicans did with President Obamas Supreme Court pick? That wasn't politics?
Oh poor me!  Those bad, fake, dumb Democrats !
so now Democrats are going to use Judges around the Country to disrupt our Government. President Trump will prevail!!
It is called CONFLICT of INTEREST you should be familiar with it
God bless you your the man to get things done Scotland needs  a leader pure as you       God bless you
@POTUS in all ways little hands little dick I
@POTUS your not big your small
if you had a good no if you had a great lawyer you could get those Democrats fired talk to a attorney
They have a lot going on. Fighting totalitarianism, fighting for truth, fighting to keep out appointees chosen to destroy.
thats whats up!! I think Obama was a G too.
#Trumpertantrum
yes, that's what happens when you are in politics, did you not understand that when you ran for POTUS?
A.G
cry about it baby
HAHA where were you a year ago girl, ur bois did it 1st!
What's DeVos got going for her besides campaign contributions? Don't worry, I'll wait....
Many dems voted for this law & the country's picked under Obama. COWARDS the lot.
Just like Republicans.  Everything you have done is against Democrats and yet you claim to be for all Americans.  NO SO.
we're delaying the cabinet picks because they're uneducated, dumbasses who don't know shit about shit.
with cabinet picks like that, you're ensuring that you will once again LOSE the popular vote in the next election! #NoDevos
.    Mcain and Graham are obnoxiously obstructionist too! Ignore these curmudgeons and #MAGA despite their unwillingness.
you said republicans and dems need to work together. Clearly you meant dems need to agree with you or you will bash them
you picked bad choices hard to affirm them say thank you to Obama and ask him for advice you need it...sad
#TrumpInHaiku

Give me what I want
Quit obstructing my big plans
Do it or I'll cry
Sorry Mr President. More  Democrats of their true faces. Glad I didn't vote for them last year. P. H.I.T. It will pay off..
because your picks are a joke.  It's called balance of power. Go back to HS history.
That's what we call Politics. It's always been a tricky subject. We don't even talk about it at parties.
Democrats not for American people, it's more about repaying through bitterness to voters putting you in office
Purely political reasons? Last time I checked, lacking the relevant qualifications is not a political reason.
giving back what the GOP has given for years!Term limits now!!Or is that another promise you won't keep?? #lyingdonald
YES DONALD, THEY ARE OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE AND IT GOES EVEN DEEPER, I AM YOUR FRIEND AND I WILL PRAY FOR YOU
They learned obstruction from the GOP.
your picks do not know what they are doing just like you
so sorry!
Yah!!!
um, I'm not sure you know what political means
a political reason in POLITICS?! The horror!
You have done exactly what you said, surround you self with brilliant people.  Now if u can  just get some cooperation.
Your silent majority is still here strong and proud of everything you are doing! P.S. I've never  been called for a poll!
How odd; politicians acting for political reasons. Maybe you should try it. Oh, sorry, it requires intelligence. (Winning!)
no theyre delaying them because theyre crap! bad choices. #Illegitimate
Cabinet picks are vetted for political reasons, sure. So were Obama's by Republicans. Stop bitching.
Really, Hypocrite-in-Chief?  What about the Senate GOP refusing to consider Merrick Garland? You were OK with that #POTUSBS
