While I think Obama was more of a disaster to this country than most realize, you’ll have problems with eliminating OBAMAcare, but probably have less problem eliminating the unAFFORDABLE CARE ACT.
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming togethe...
You son-of-eunuch! Republussians are cumming together for sure! You're a all jackoffs!
Leave alone
@realDonaldTrump to be honest, you got the president you deserve. USA is imploding... but stop... its only a TV show.
Again? Boooring.
MASSACRE IN VEGAS!  AMERICAN SOLDIERS INTERVIEWED ON FOX LIVE!!! MOST SAID WE ARE AMERICANS AND WE HATE SANCTUARY CITIES!
You son-of-eunuch! Republussian are cumming togeather alright! You and your comrades are a bunch of jackoffs
you are absolutely right
Really sorry I voted for you , just embarrassing already let the rich and poor bite the bullet already F##k the wall
You didn't vote for him. Oh yeah, screw you!
very proud to be American and a Republican 
YOU ARE OUR MAN PRES. TRUMP. WE KNOW YOU WILL DO IT RIGHT! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
I have no response to that
at least your positive.  You go, man.
Republicans caused Implode on purpose by drawing out ACA Bill uncertainty though warned. CBO verified Obamacare been fine and implosion lie
You are sabotaging it.
It is not the govmnt responsibility to provide healthcare " Benefits" for Americans. Abandon Healthcare bill, let Obama care implode, MAGA!
Praying specific prayers 4 u everyday on a telephone prayer line according to the challenges you face. God bless you!
we love you Donald
We need someone who will bring back the integrity of the Presidency
We need someone who will bring back the integrity of the  Presidency
Donald Trump, you don't have any one sick  and if you do the doctor will come to your house you don't have to line up in the emergency room
Rather have it done right than fast. We pay way more than anyone in the world for healthcare. We should have the best!
So good to see and hear Obama speak today, I had almost forgotten what a well educated and well spoken president sounds like.
Hoosier president..love
you have our full support!!!
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
words are not actions---- talk is cheap---do something about Syria
Yes you are going fantasic with heatlcare 17 % of american People 
agree.
Spoke too soon?!
And in a Parallel Universe........
horrible
Great progress? you're failing so hard I Can actually feel your failiure in My body because yes, it's that big.
Ur working wRYAN.remember what he said about u & how he treated you. not your friend. He will SCREW US over. Ur the swamp side aligned w/him

you aren't very bright, are you?

you are too dense for words!
you are delusional
your doing a great job keep it up.  A PA DEPLORABLE!!
get smartest people you can and get a good bill.  You can do this.  Forget the haters
#45 give it up! You don't have the heart or soul that Pres Obama had. Money not people is #1 for you. IT IS OBVIOUS!
The only reason it would be imploding is because you're doing it.  Bring back @obama for a third term!
it is very good you are the President,  thank you for all you do
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.#americancareactimplodes
The American people need and want single pay if you want to fix Obamacare only let insurance companies pay if in all states
suck it up
The government should have the same health care that we were forced to choose from I am sure it would be a different story
hahahaha!!!!!
A complete and total repeal is what we voted for, dammit! Minimum government involvement in our healthcare!
lol
really great progress lol. Fix Obamacare!! Get rid of wall, save money, stop going to Florida, save money!!!
by "get job done" did you mean "fail miserably"?  Just wondering, because words have meaning.
The best #spinner ever.
yes right!
Not even close! Loser!
nothing will implode. Unless Mr. President you pull strings with the health insurance companies.
can you stop with imploding ?really?
You lied to We the People! Sad. Remember #trumprussia
yes, Great Progress! No balls to bring it for a vote! Poor plan.
Really?!!
A bad bill, for a bad president. Let's get this right for the American people, not for your ego.
NOPE YOU DOPE
you look like the dope, holding that sign
wrong !
bullshit
Yes!  Or, maybe! Or maybe not!  Bigly Winningness!
You do realize they did this to discredit you, right?!!!  Sucks to be you.
really? I think you are delusional actually, I know you are.
mwahahhahhahhahhahhahhahhahhahhaha Your own team doesn't even like your ideas now. #badjob #nocookie
Fake News!!! Fake President!!!
hysterical girl
Haha
but then you never really cared, it was more about winning the vote/you're so vain!
that was wishful
you lose, we win.
The only thing "imploding" is your approval rating...Wake Up, Or Step Down!
Ummm...nope...

@realDonaldTrump
If it's hurting my pocketbook, then it has to be hurting the Lib Dems pocketbook.  Let them feel the sting as well!
.....or not
great progress bro!!
If you let Ryan write  the Ryan Care again, don't check it before telling  us how good it is, your no better  then Obama
get rid of Paul Ryan read his plan, it keeps  big parts of Obama care.(taxes)  New Bill  and fix dam thing
if only republicans understood "coming together to get the job done". Draintgeswamp
LIAR!!  So much for the GREAT DEALMAKER!! New name: GREAT DEALFLUBBER!  How does it feel not to get your way, Donald?
@nktpnd Your so called presidency is failing in so many many ways #LoserPresident
so disappointed i can't afford the premiums @1700 a mont & 6000 deductible...don't have insurance CAN'T AFFORD OBAMACARE
put a cap on insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies

Why don't lawmakers go on "Trump-Care". They get healthcare FREE. WE PAY FOR IT!
You might need some Aloe for the #Burn u just got for not repealing #ACA #ObamaCare
19.8% of the country believe this.... The rest of us know the truth.  We are on to this whole circus & the deflections
@nktpnd  HYSTERICAL!!!! Thanks for the laugh!
please repeal Obamacare don't make another go back to the way it was.
Wrong!!
only thing imploding is your collusion and corruption!
republicans are coming together? #circlejerks don't count.
keep Ryan accountable Mr President! You are doing what you said you would do! We must get this right to protect your legacy
Republican Rep. Chris Collins says. "And once we get it done, and then we can have the chance to really explain it.". WOW!!
You are the best, Mr. President 
I love Biafra please why correcting thinks in America help us in Biafra please.......
I need Biafra please help us
ur not making great progress. It's a massive screw up. Should have had all t's crossed and i's dotted before u rolled out.
When you say ObamaCare, do you really mean your presidency?
Wow. Delusional much? My suggestion: Get back in the big truck, beep the horn, start the engine and just keep on driving.
You are seriously mentally ill....get some help.
Good job!
get rid of Paul Ryan just like you need to get rid of Obamacare
all you do is spout nonsense. People ask you questions and all you hear is how you won the election. You never even answer
yet 12.2 new enrollments in Jan. How heartless are you. No pediatric no emergency. This isn't healthcare at all. Bad.
lol...You are ridiculous.
I don't think Paul Ryan should be trusted
America hates you! We will happily sponsor your entire family's relocation to Russia!! Btw..you & Ivanka..creepy stuff
Are you high?
GOP is imploding.
you've got it backwards. TrumpCare is imploding, not Obamacare.
This is too much winning. I'm getting tired of winning.

#fakenews Sad!
progress for who??
Bullshit, I smell absolute bullshit. You're destroying the only way low income families can receive LEGITIMATE healthcare
You are failing. #TrumpFail
no Obama care imploding is the FAKE NEWS that YOU constantly perpetuate you abominable POS.
No Deal! Not going to happen Bully Trumpy!
liar
then why no vote today?  Prediction- yet another loser for the sc Prez. Obamacare will not get repealed.
you and the Republicans still getting the job done DJ?  #ITMFA
Speaking of imploding what about the vote today on Trumpcare? Aww, looks like someone failed again. I won't say who but he has little hands.
u do not know what u r doing
Art of the Deal my ass!  You're a bully and a LOSER. Resign or be impeached. #TrumpRussia #ConMan #ImpeachTrump
TrumpCare is a horrible (or terrible) plan pushed by a pathetic (or sick) president. Sad!
So you would rather it implode and people die that actually fix it? Not the BS that Congress have been trying to pass?
has said he supports it. All he has 2 do is say NO. His ego wants this win. Forget the fact his base loses.
say it with me. Bipartisan!!!  So much for uniting the country.
The Affordable Care Act is being defunded, need $. The @gop proposal hurts all but wealthy. Do right and fund ACA.
Yeah, and how's that working out for ya?
Something's imploding alright, but I don't think it's Obamacare...
My God do you listen to yourself, you're making me sick.
.. what a load of bull
U know Pres Obama set ts thing up n once d newly young healthy ppl are all registered? d wealthy premiums go #skyward!!
I'm dying.
Ummmm, NO
24 mill people losing health insurance under Trumpcare. Your idea of "great progress" is from "Opposite World."
Are you high??!#??
Dream on. Your house of cards is imploding. Bigly.  #DontheCon
Obamacare is not imploding - quit with the lies and drama!
The only things that will make ACA implode are you & your goons. You can't give a sensible argument re: what's wrong w/ it.

Hey, every citizen should receive the SAME coverage as congress. How 'bout that, asshat?
you don't even comprehend the words you say!! #idiot #nevermypresident
translation: we are nowhere. #AHCA is imploding. @GOP can't get anything done
You spelling "cumming" wrong.
You're a Delusional  sad clown. Worst so-called president a sad footnote in US history#Illegitimate #BBotus 
You do realize we all know that pretty much every word you say is a lie, right? You do not fool anyone.
You and your products and anything to do with youbis garbage.
Heard what you are doing to women with regard to maternity leave and neonatal care. Shame, shame on you!!
whats imploding is your dumpcare. Nobody voted. No one wantsbto be attached to your junk name.
