A prediction, 80 years early: President Trump best. U.S. President of the century!
Reversing the Obama failures
Mr. President, again, self-promotion is not only unseemly (especially for the President), it's also a sign of emotional weakness.
But isn't everything fro @washingtonpost #FakeNews? Now they are a credible source? I'm confused! (not)
Wipe Isis off planet! Send troops to Chicago  as well, they need help sir!!
ugh, DAESH has been on the verge of defeat BEFORE you took office. You are a special piece of work...
It's been seven months.
Isn't WAPO fake news? Why is it credible now? Very confused.

Thought your draft dodging ass was supposed to have defeated ISIS...believe me...tiny hands and mind.
Cutting the funding,big step.MAGA
I thought Washington Post was "FAKE NEWS!" Apparently it's only fake when you disagree with them.
Why are you taking the credit for what other people have done, you've had no impact in the Middle East! Fake news, Sad.
Twitter has blocked some of your bots...we see how you cheat
#UnderTrump Vassyl Lomachenko beat Miguel Marriaga in the 8th round with TKO
Taking handcuffs off ones arm/leg, frees our American talent to achieve objectives assigned for Great patriots, all areas, country's, USA
They are just quoting the White House dummy.
Isn't it amazing how our military operates with a competent, loyal and effective President working to protect us, unlike the past 8 years?
...Using the plans established by @POTUS44 + his generals
Only difference, you're slaughtering civilians @POTUS
Thank goodness our President is getting rid of those vile cockroaches, aka ISIS!! 
As long as the USA keeps interfering in the affairs of the Middle East for our greed, we will have a problem with terrorism.
You are delusional
Great Job!
Send Trump (Isis)
...against humanity are horrific because of your “campaign of annihilation”. Pissed because you want mineral rights in Afghanistan. Sick!
Drag them into the street and run them over with a tank!
Is this true?
Thanks Obama for allowing Agolf Twitler to use your plan.
Quit putting your name on something you didn't have anything to do with you loser
FAKE NEWS
What the hell does that mean!? Will you stop talking in circles!
Why is the WP suddenly real news to the orange Russia lover
impeach trump...russia investigation ongoing,  perhaps ending up in cooler na?
I thought that the Washington Post was nothing but fake news? Why are you tweeting articles from them?
Fake news! Sad!
This country needed a Father image.
Keeping the promise is a lesson every body else should be learning.
You said you would defeat them in your first 30 days.
It's just a shame that the Trump family have traditionally ducked out of the actual fighting.
GOOD. Crush them all.  MASafeA   MtheGlobeSafeA!
President Trump supports Russian Dictator Putin who acts similar to ISIS !  It is really interesting that Trump is against ISIS!


thought you were adamant that the washington post was fake news. only when it suits you, i guess.
Haven't you heard enough yet
Is that the #FakeNews you're quoting there? Weird.
even the idiots get it right once in a while
Thanks for being a patriot
Haven't you repeatedly called the Washington Post "fake" news! Oh wait, only when it isn't glorifying you. Gosh,  you're very biased..
WaPo, fake news?
Well ya now that the US is no longer funding ISIS under the guise of funding moderate rebels
Destroy Them all!! Go @POTUS #MAGA
Wow! Your tweets insult the AMERICAN PEOPLE! Stop glorifying this disgusting administration that deceives US
That's because you're still using the plan implemented by Obama.  You are irrelevant.
@VP @washingtonpost Didn't you say that the WaPo is fake news? You can't have it both ways, Donald.
Mr.Pence you are on vacation being Vice President of the Trump, All he did in six months is fire people, And dodge the investigations
This has been the longest 30 days I've ever waited. ISIS still going strong. Just another underestimation and lie to your base for votes.

Now I'm confused - is Washington Post fake news or not? #pettysential #PINO

we have to wipe ISIS out of this world. #DJT #MAGA
Well congratulations on that ao that at least.

That said don't you usually call WaPo "fake news"?
So haven't civilian deaths in Iraq.  Mostly women and children. Not narcissistic old white men under Russian influence
fake news
Go get em. Finally a president that lets her military do what they do best
Would have nothing to do with our allies since we have fewer boots on the ground right?  Or the Iranians in Syria.  Or the Kurds in Iraq.
#FakeNewsTrump
They will stay with u even if you shiw them the FACTS that you are a very very bad and unsuccessful bad negotiator president!
If u don't open their fetid cans of worms, they Won't Leave u alone.
I thought you said WAPO was fake news? Or only fake when says something you don't agree with?
Good ! Thanks for being the pres. Trump.
The most important thing every man should know, is what he would die for.
oh I SEE when but fits your narrative WaPo is "real news". You are pathetic and hollow of anything worthy or valid.
Both ISIS and our former allies have a common cause - their disgust with you.  Your lack of foreign policy understanding is sad abd apalling
Under me, a total solar eclipse will happen in a few days.
He promised they will be Exteminated from the face of Earth Go to our Troops and Be Safe,God will Bless you all.
I thought the @washingtonpost was FAKE news?! It's only FAKE news when they aren't praising you!
Kiwwwww
You consider Wapo #FAKENEWS.. so are you promoting how you're failing or how ur a liar? #inconvinientFake #convinientFact #DonTheCon #maga
Let's get her done!!!
I thought you said "failing" Washington Post was "fake news". I'm getting whiplash....
Trump is President, however it's President Obama's policies that are still in effect!
I thought @washingtonpost was fake news, im confused
Me too. He changes his mind like we turn pages to read uhg
Obama started it. You give no direction to the generals! You have no clue what's going on Let's be honest! Oh I forgot who I was talking too
All due respect Mr. President, BULLSHIT!
Tell that to all those that have been wounded or died
Too bad you didn't go to Vietnam or we would have won that one too #impeach45
OBAMA WAS BETTER
He is a leader and not afraid of killing some of his relatives in an isis attack, unlike his predecessor. Markets & jobs up isis down 
Fire and fury ,Kim knows you are a Liar and he knows you will not act on your lies
ISIS war is not over no mission accomplished your insecure desire to seem important while accomplishing almost nothing makes you look weak.
Ohhh. More fake news. I get it.
sure syria and afghanistan may be weakening but the stronghold of isis in indonesia is growing or don't you know about that #morons
So--according to you, his is #fakenews right? RIGHT?! #weakIMPOTUS
Good! This people are blot on humanity since ages.
um what gains? you have done nothing but kill women and children, not what i would call a gain
http://www.snopes.com/trumps-grandfather-bavaria-deport/ … We let his family into US
And with our Natural ally against Islamic Terror Russia. Don't let the gloablista wedge against Russia. I don't want war with the Russians.
now you cite to WP? appears fake news is any news that is critical of you, your inane tweets and abysmal handling of ... everything.
LIAR. FAKE NEWS! #MentallyDeranged #MentalDisorder #TrumpsBitch
I never get tired of hearing the good news about victories in the war on terror, though we've been hearing the same stories for 16 years.
So wait... is this Fake News? It is coming from WaPo which you said is fake news so now I'm confused....
Be serious. You are surfing on Obama good shots... #isis
This article is just quoting admin claims and says other sources dispute your numbers. Sigh. You probably didn't read it.
Didn't you say the Washington Post was FAKE NEWS? Now you're quoting them. Oh I get it, they're only fake when they point out your lies.
He's probably paying them to lose
Good job due to improved ROE
Thought @washingtonpost was fake news Donnie? #ticktock
Wait, I thought WaPo was fake news? So it's only "fake" if the POTUS agrees with it?
@karendeyoung1 Congrats @washingtonpost for being endorsed as #realnews (to be pinned to future fakenews designations).
We The People are all so proud of you. You are deeply admired and respected by  all   I pray for you to stay focused and strong God B with U
So you retweet the @washingtonpost when it's news that you like and ALL OTHER TIMES YOU CALL IT FAKE NEWS?? Are you kidding me? #Unfit
Long live brave Kurdish fighters and their partner, the USA army
Is WAPO fake news?
Wow!   Hard to believe 29 days have passed and they are going to be defeated tomorrow.
Yeah, and so have gains against unarmed civilians and noncombatants! So, um, congrats?
>><!   @@енннннот#
а
But the Washington Post is all FAKE NEWS! But only when you don't like what they say about you, that is. ■
Horseshit. He's had absolutely nothing to do with it. Right place right time! Taking credit where none is due!
Wait I thought the post was fake news
Fake president 2.0 all the way.
ISIS is watching you & your family. Careful there orangeman.
That's because others are making the decisions, not you.
@POTUS @washingtonpost Great job my president.
Thank you. Obama and Hillary were helping ISIS
Please help Israeli POWs imprisoned for yrs, denied contact w/ home in violatn of intrntl law. Everyone-Arabs included!-shd obey intrntl law
You call them fake news and then retweet them?
Gee last week he was complaining of losing now which is it
because of what other countries are doing, not you ... you promised 30 days ... it's been a bit more than that and all you do is screw up
Stop the lying....
Ya right!! You were supposed to clean them out in a week
Is that because Putin is taking the lead again? You wouldn't know a victory from your A$$.
WITCH HUNT, FAKE NEWS, CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT A IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE!
BUT NOT THE TRUMP HE IS UNTOUCHABLE!  LOL
In the US military, you can delegate authority but never responsibility. You have and now you want credit. Sign should read "Under Mattis."
You know, of course, that Trump has actually continued Obama's policies re: ISIS. You do know that, don't you?
Lets see how long till u blame Generals for a failure again. They and especially boots on ground deserve accolades for progress NOT you!
Is that part of the "30 day plan" that everyone is still waiting on?  Go golf some more.  I'm sure that will help.
#Trump has nothing to do with it.
Financial gains?
Liar! All you do is lie, Donald. 67% of Americans know that and don't believe a word you say.
Pence is going to take your job because you are too busy putting everyone else down. Work and then spend time with your wife and her son.
Did @realDonaldTrump RT @washingtonpost article as a praise of him then a day later say WAPO is fake news? #Hypocrisy #trumpcriticizestrump
Wait...I thought WaPo was "fake news?"

Damn you're so confusing!
Really, what were those gains, liar?
we coming with our dicks out boys

But, but isn't the washington post fake news? Guess it's only real news if they
praise you
Talking in the 3rd person is one more sign of your delusion.
Funny, I thought you said that the @washingtonpost was #fakenews ? Do me an explain, please...
Keep throwing people under the bus soon there will be no one left but you.
@KimDotcom Fire McMaster before it's too late. You can't fire Paul Ryan but McMaster has to go. Many Deep State friends and connections.
Kissing yourself in the mirror again, Mr. Failure? #SAD
Donnie, isn't CNN fake news? So when *you* like what's reported they are telling truth~~ when *you* don't like, they are lying!?
Stupid man.
Now let's get them illegals out of America

So they're only "fake news" when you disagree with them? That's awfully disingenuous of you.
Thank you, Trump/Pence team, I appreciate your hard work, the news might not report but Americans are aware.
Washington Post!!!
Must be FAKE NEWS!!!!!
President Trump your doing a great job. Please remove anyone who undermines you.
Gosh, thought the 'Amazon Washington Post' was #FakeNews? 
Be vigilant and listen to dissenting voices: https://twitter.com/caitoz/status/894301096134311937 … …
CIA always has a hidden agenda (aka war against Russia in Syria)!
CIA-funded Washington Post momentarily pauses its coup attempt on the Trump administration to praise his dangerous interventionism in Syria. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/893957896190533632 …
Don't be surprised if/when CIA does a "Gulf of Tonkin"-type  false flag
The longer the US stays there the more civilians it will slaughter and the greater the likelihood of a flare-up vs. Russian forces.
