...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
he's NOT wonderful. tillerson is a globalst obstructing justice against evil clinton et al
North Korea is ruled by a dictator and so is Cambodia.  Cambodians appeal to the President for help to fight for democracy in Cambodia.
Using North Korea to deflect attention from Puerto Rico borders on criminally insane. Stop escalating tensions!
Could you please GROW UP and quit name-calling like a six-year-old on the playground.  You're the leader of this country for gosh sakes!
You demean your Secretary of State carrying on this way!
I will tell you that you're wasting our time pretending to be President. You're out of your element, Donnie. 
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
Tillerson is your only sane employee
solve these problems very soon. Because I have mysterious past and you can find a powerful organization through
Why are you pushing us to WAR? Tillerson is at least trying to save lives. You really are a #Dotard & #badprez. #NorthKorea #fireTrump
Agreed.  Has not ever worked where Little Rocket Boy kept his word.  Its inevitable.  Question is America, China or a joint effort?
Would Twitter ever go & shut down Trumps account before he begins WW3 . 
Nice Trump. Why waste time on diplomacy. You've got something to prove right? Which dictator(or wanna be) has the biggest...bombs.
Amazing  leadership skill from Mr. Trump He allows room to his subordinates for new ideas.  Many US CEOs need to follow that example 
what...I don't...dude, he works for you. if you don't support what he's doing, why let him do it?

this just confuses everyone

MALPRACTICE
My fucking God. Knock it off. Why can we not get you impeached already??
Let the man do his job. If you had a foreign policy to guide him, that would help. Instead, you undermine his effectiveness with trite tweet
I guess this means Rex will be resigning next Friday…..Oh…& I’m sure hurricane victims will feel much better with your golf trophy FFS.
You are out of your tiny mind. How dare you play games with the security of the world. You need to be shut up immediately and permanently!!
Trying to talk your Sec. of State out of diplomacy with a nuclear state is a threat to our national security, period.
And doing it via twitter is loco
Grow your business in social platform by fb business page try it https://goo.gl/1dCy9p  
#Patriots #Rams #Jets #Bills
You would Tillerson at least knows what he’s doing you should listen. !!!!
WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?!
Why would you undermine your own Secretary of State like this? Like, for real? Why the fuck would you think this is a good idea?
Kennedy took us to the moon & Trump can't navigate "big waters"
On Fox FEMA Administrator Brock Long says hurricane relief for Puerto Rico is “the most logistically challenging event the US has ever seen”
This moon walking is the biggest bull crap ever happened in America. The flag was the proof it was moving like it was a wind, then it became stiff open . Good trick http://NASA.you  see it in movies all the time.
Really, this is what I come back to. Can you just stop already? Do you want nuclear war!  Do you want people to die? Well, small hands? 
You are so immature.
Been in the golf course after undermining your SOS. Petty pathetic if it wasn't so scary.
Wtf
If he's so wonderful, how about letting him do the job you hired him for?
Lol! Love it!
So.... Mr. President, what are you proposing?
@GOP Must we wait for the first nuke to land before we impeach this disaster???
Rex: Personal Matter
The fact that a big oil excecutive's judgment is more wise and better for our planet should tell you something about your tiny brain.
I think you should send some of your critics to go negotiate with him.  Perhaps they will catch a ride on the tip.
The Korean War is the longest war in history, not Afghanistan. Only a Cease Fire, NO PEACE AGREEMENT.
Kkkkkkkk eae men



There's always a #Trump tweet for any occasion @PressSec
Jesus, how did you find time to search for this?
That was during the threatening back and forth between Trump and Lil' Rocketman.
KEEP RUSSIA GREAT!
Trump you fired the Wrong Man!! Tillerson was serious & concerned for our Country! Love you Rex & you will be missed...

Children should be seen and not heard. It appear we don’t have many adults in DC
You have tiny hands. Very tiny. Incredibly small hands. Shameful. Tiny Hands Don. Our POTUS should have big strong hands. Yours are weak.
Daniel-Pls make separate account 4attacks on the president?Appreciate opportunity 2follow a World Class pokerplayer-but this is getting old.
Please help have him resign and I promise they will all stop! Till then, this piece of garbage will get none of my respect.
Amen..NMP
Je pense que vous avez une conviction inébranlable et que vous seul alliez rendre compte aux américains
Who is wasting time now? #RocketMan
There really is Trump hypocrisy tweet for everything
Rex Tilletson is a Great Man who represented our Country well! Secretary Tillerson we will miss you!!! Thank you for all you've done for our great United States of America!!!
Feeling something biting your butt??

Well I went to bed quite often wondering if we would still have a country or would we be under one world government. Than God for Trump.
Did you just take order from your Putin boss to replace Rex?
You were saying?  Who would ever trust one word you say in negotiations? You will blow this job just like you have your entire presidency!
You are so right about this. I’ll bet there are a lot of people in Washington and in our intelligence community who are scrambling to think of ways to keep him as far away from Kim as possible. Kim has an angle...and it’s not to be Trump’s best bud. It’s a trick for sure

Definition should, for clarity, state: see Donald Trump.

Can we get this presidency annulled?
Agree, it’s just too much. Irreconcilable differences!
And betrayal
Yes he is a wonderful person and a good Securtary of State keep him Sir
Sir, Negotiation is always best option please go for this instead of other things.

STOP PUBLICALLY UNDERMINING DIPLOMACY!
If there is a WW3, half your fault. Shut up, leave, or both.
Your wonderful Sec of State called you a moron. You are an unqualified hack. Despicable. A one term disaster.
Despite your repeatedly inaccurate polls Donald Trump will be the president again in 2020 #MAGA
Send someone in to secretly take care of that pus filled pimple on the ass of society
You are dangerous and ignorant...
Are you aware that the job of the SOS is to NEGOTIATE with other countries?  Why are you so obtuse?  Sad!
You have absolutely no stability in your cabinet and only people pretending to support you.
its a total waste of time trying to negotiate with you . you know nothing about running a country much less  how to talk like a grown up!
Still wonderful??  Liar!! You couldn't speak the truth if someone wrote it on a piece of paper for you to read!!

It is never a waste of time to try and find a diplomatic solution.
If only he actually had diplomats in South Korea.

YOU are a waste of time and space. And insane!!
The difference between Trump and Tillerson: Tillerson isn't foolish enough to start a war over name-calling.
And u r wasting US's resources by being in the White House Go away back 2 yr gilded lair, nvr 2 b heard from again. Pls God make it happen.
You have so much in common with him.Inflated sense of self importance,incompetence and a tiny penis.Surprised you two don’t get along.
我叫金正恩
I swear North America and North Korea is like chess, who the fuck is gonna go first
Didn’t you appoint him?  Continuing to undercut your own people. #useless
Name calling Island for the school yard, not for the President of the 'anything'
Don... what a Moron! Rex, was only telling the truth...so sad!
Jeez these tweets just don’t age well at all
Kabir is supreme god
There is only one true God and the only way to him is through Jesus Christ all your false idols are #FakeNews
You 2 have something in common. You call him Little Rocket man, and you have little hands....
Weren't you the one who would do the negotiating. How many deals have you made with other countries.
Please act like a leader. Stop this childishness.
Two adjectives for the unqualified, dim Bully in Chief: Moron & Dotard what a pathetic excuse for a man.
Do you have ANY idea what you're doing?
Is their an HR department for the White House? This is a form of bullying and embarrassment
So...you can play like an adult for only a few hours. Now, the man you wish to take you seriously is back to being called "Little Rocket man". You're back to your 7 year old self once again. We all knew you'd blow it eventually, just like the porn stars that come into your path.
You're right it's better to get closer to nuclear holocaust than to negotiate. #psychodon

I think you are right Sir. Negotiating won't work. Perhaps making RM understand he cannot win will.
@JohnKelly what are you even doing?WTF. Someone take this mans fn phone!!! Muzzle him. I can't take another week of his dangerous rhetoric!
Oops. Wrong John. My bad. 
Stop with the stupid nicknames already! For God's sake,  you are the president of the United States not a 3 year old! ACT LIKE IT!
Wow how presidential of you.  Egg him on some more our potus!!  Start a world war!!!
Yeah, @BillKristol, this is how you actually bring someone to the negotiating table. All your other hero presidents have failed miserably....you'll have to eat a whole murder of crows when @POTUS succeeds.
This world...must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be...a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect. -Ike
@realDonaldTrump  What's the matter? Putin issued you new orders?
Hell yeah!
Tell them way it is sir!
no you want a war you wouldnt serve so now you want to play soldiers i got a idea send your kids and son in law
I bet he calls you the man with the small hands...Small brain..
Small courage..Everything about is small about you
We see right through you. Rex Tillerson is so right and 70% of the country agrees with him.
Because insulting the man on social media is so much more effective. #13yroldmentality
How are we safe with someone always trying to start a locker room talk fight..always has a beef with whoever you can’t control just freaking
In case you have not noticed, you are POTUS and not on some dumb reality show!
hhhh little Rocket Man.that s cool
WHAT????
How did America  elect this ignorant cave boy? A Russian  puppet, admitted sexual predator, habitual liar,  con boy, coward, racist & thief

Absolute certainty can be destructive even when it is correct.
must feel 
Like talking to you, waste of time
Prove to the world he cares more about his one man govt and himself than his own people.
I was waiting for trump to throw beads after the paper towel and then ask the women to show there chests.
Calling him little Rocket Man,
Proves you are the worst negotiator.
#TrumpIsAMoron
Dear "moron" u never served  public in your 70 yrs. Only on your greed. U cannot run USA like your corporation Boss Trump will not fly.
A tweet for every occasion
WHY do we have   for president?
Just make sure when you go to war you send ALL your kids to fight your mistake!!! You're such a 
And he said "Trump's a moron"
hi I'm Joanna Suarez can u.   be my friend
Keep up the good work.  God Bless you
Trump
Keep your little rocket in your pocket DT.
#145 @realDonaldTrump unfit to lead, It is never a "waste of time" to negotiate for peace #Dotard 
Swamperson...
You aren't the President this Country wants and definite a one termer. Move on Donnie
Tillerson says DOING HIS JOB - despite YOU! "Wasting time" is just PIN-head bombastic childish statement of bully when he LOSES. #LoserPOTUS
@realDonaldTrump really means everything he says! (until he doesn't)
Ass
discuss gun laws? we got the 2nd amendment! leave it alone or commit political suicide. trying to appease the enemy is what LOSERS do. FIGHT
I hate him too. But do NOT call another world leader names. Take your responsibility to the world seriously.
Your tweets are worse than my high school Facebook statuses
He thinks you're a moron.  
As do we all.
Mr President, time invested will never be time wasted.
Take this Punk out, Mr. President
Trump looks like a power-mad corrupt criminal, while making Tillerson look like a white knight.
And he called you a moron. Laughable.
MORON... lmao. 
Talk about petty nonsense, here it is
It’s SICK how people have no RESPECT for our (USA) commander and chief.
