你丫闭嘴
Big D, I thought you were a sure fire winner, sadly your turning into a right tit!!!
"I alone can fix it."  Trump 0 Democracy 4
 
#thebiggestloser
I would like to thank Sebastian Gorka for his service blah blah blah
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I...
You threw an loyal servant under the bus. You accomplished nothing together. You will go to #jail for #treason.
Tossing folks under a bus is a democrat thing.  The GOP at least says nice things while reorganizing the team
wake up @toolkeeper
I'm not the one sleeping, you are.
THERE IS NNO REAl donald withouut bemi.f.its
@SHSanders45 Crock of BS.   Nice try.

When you watch "beautiful women everywhere" do they know you're watching them?
Time for you to resign. Get someone to help you compose the letter since we know you can't. A REAL letter.  NOT a tweet!

Kelly seems like a man with integrity. I bet he will be gone by the end of the year.
Accomplished alot together... Hahahahahaha
You're so full of s**t. 
Very gracious of you. NO sarcasm meant.
Your father was right - you ARE a big dummy!
move Sessions to HLS hire a new AG that won't recuse himself get Mulier under control fire Clinton Attorneys he hired
I know Reince will be happy if I say that I'm proud of him. The people that I fuck over forget about it if I give them empty compliments!
@HuffPost @Reince45 No fan of Reince, but he was the best thing your useless Administration had going for it!  Now it is pure garbage!
That man was a leaker & worked to sabotage you. I am soooo glad he is out FINALLY.
YES SIR !
Trump has no loyalty
Seriously...disgusting.
Seems like EVERYONE that boarded the Trump Train early AND defended your deplorable self is going bye bye..Loyalty is a one way street for U
Oh bullshit. You left him out on the tarmac
What a joke. "I'd like ta thank'ya, but Ah jus washed my 'hai-re"
#ShutUpNobodyLikesYou
You are such a hypocritical trool! Totally lacking in loyalty to anything other than your own greedy interests.
TOOOOO LAAAAAAAATE!!!!  SCARFACE  AS COMMS DIRECTOR BIGGER STAR THAN U
latest FREAK SHOW: REINCE PRIEBUS (July 28, 2017; 17:00 EDT) #REINCEPRIEBUS #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Such as ____, ____, but don't forget ____!  We have the best accomplishments!
This is how you treat your friends & people that support you by running yo mouth on twitter & high school pressers
You accomplished nothing except making America suck again.
... was he the leaker? I never heard him deny it. He was too calm and collective on his way out! Check for wires.
The most biglyest sincere statement ever made. Your honesty knows no bounfefe
I'm sure that means so much to him, coming from you. 
Who are you going to get to kill your flies now?
Y'all didn't do anything #failingpresident #byepriebus
Don't listen to all the haters-me president you do what you think is necessary!!! Your doing great!!
Two faced lying fraud that you are...
Yet you fire the man you are proud of and hire a chief of staff who creates chaos. I assume this is what your supporters expected. NOT!
The Mooch is in the loose!!!! 
Accompanied exactly what in his short term?
Are you f'ing serious after you fired him???.???.?
Janus. Thou sir a a Janus.
He's doing what he said he was going to do...
Why don't you Stop tweeting and go home and pout for a while :(
Please put the Senate and House members on Obamacare, then watch them make progress!
can't wait for the mooch to humiliate the both of you
You hypocrite
He's a better man than you are. Your turn to retire. Do the country a favor if not, it won't be long till #LOCKHIMUP time is here
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_xej2hvJdxw … Trump thought moochi was bad.
Such a phony liar
Yes , you got a lot of things done in your 7 months! What a joke.
Really @ErnestoRiley ? You like this ?
When they come up for reelection remember what they did. Part of The Drain The Swamp!!!
You need your head examined
I always liked him. Maybe a bit too nice. Would have been better if he could have transformed into the Pitbull from Hell every now and then,
A lot of executive orders but no significant legislation.....doesn't sound like much success.
If he is a leaker that is bad.
Priebus is home happily eating @DippinDots while the White House implodes.
So why is he leaving?
did your nose grow Pinocchio
Most powerless human on planet.
...the Dummenfuhrer said as he shoved Priebus into oncoming traffic.
Comie's dismissal for a "matter" won't land him a respectable position. If he works for liberal hacks they have no respectable positions.
I hope he turns on you with a vengeance!
He's a stooge 
Biggest accomplishment ???
Then why did you fire him?  You are the problem
Bull
Hopefully he spills the whole story
Well done! Building a winning team takes time.
Hopefully by this time next week you will be thanking #Jared and others.

#TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #Impeach #FireproofMueller #Russia
He told his friends that deep down, he hates you to much for work as in the WH anymore.
by "a lot" you mean "nothing"?
Your kidding right. ..very presidential
Loyalty is one sided with you
Keep pushing out your loyal people and soon you will have only back stabbers like you. Then the leaks will really come.
good f u Priebus.. gone from the criminals in the white house
Shouldn't you be packing for your golf weekend?
Trump doesn't mean of a word of this tweet, like any one else he fired
So proud that you fired him?  SAD
#IMPEACHPEEDIDLYDONALD LOCK UP RUSIAN MONEY LAUNDERING PEE DEVIATE
Mr. President the true patriots are behind you all the way . The other idiots will continue to be led by their socialist noses like sheep !
WHAT POTUS?!? You talked about your former COS  like a dog and bring in MOOCH to force his resignation & NOW you Praise him!? You're SICK!!
Hey  Don  look  out for a  horse  head  in your  bed! It's  coming  sooner than later!
You are delusional
He said, as he kicked the SOB to the curb.
Oompa Loompah, wait, he's orange.... and keeps losing staff.... #cyberbullyandthechocolatefactory
Then why did you fire him, if he was so good, then you replace him with one who knows nothing of the job
Do yourself a favor and shhhhhhh 
Dzièkujemy za wizyte w Polsce i te piekne slowa o polskim narodzie. Zyczymy duzo zdrowia i wytrwalosci w walce z komunâ !
“this shuffling of the staff furniture won’t matter unless Mr. Trump accepts that the White House problem isn’t Mr. Priebus. It’s him.” -WSJ
I think you elivated  @Reince45  and that he learned a great deal from his time with you.
Another Apresidentice contestant down... #yourefired
Please do not put Conway in mooch's place.
With all due respect to Mr. Priebus ... I say good riddance!!!
A lot? Compared to what?
Yeah,  he outlived his usefulness to you.  Now you invite a #Mooch into #Our_House. When are you moving out? Waiting for the orange suit?
You don't mean that
like U did join d @GOP!! One thing about it. I don't hv 2 worry about ANY #racecard playin/ Bakcs w/@GOP!!
Stop Lying liar and chief!
Please provide a list of accomplishments other than showing the world hateful, disloyal bullying by the elected leader of the U.S.
#FuckFaceVonClownstick
con tự hào về cách ông làm giàu con rất hâm mộ ông con đã đọc những cuốn sách của ông ,ông rất tuyệt vời
Yea you stabbed him in the back
What has been accomplished?
And it was high noon for him to leave! He is a weasel! 
Now, send the Elf to Homeland Security and find a clone of Giuliani for AG!!
Have you decided which federal prison you are going to request? #lockhimup #traitor #draftdodger #liar #sexualpreditor
YEA PROUD ENOUGH TO STAB HIM IN THE BACK,AND YOU DIDN'T HAVE THE BALLS TO DO IT YOURSELF!
this is laughable like so many of your lies...
I bet he's not as proof of u as u would like to think.  This is just another of your minions u threw under the bus.  They must be done w/you
#DTS!!!  #MAGA!!!!!
You know, with all the failures of your presidency there's only ONE common denominator. You do get that don't you?
2 Chief of Staffs in less than a year of being President: Part of the reason why @realDonaldTrump can't manage to pass his agenda.
Mr. Priebus was very gracious to you on his exit. Thank you Mr. Priebus


Slimebags - BOTH OF YOU!
worst. management. ever. SAD!
Sounds like BS

You're not his dad, you accomplished nothing, and I'm pretty sure a staffer wrote this.
@Reince45 Don the Con says - You're Fired! Time to let us know what this administration is really like.
GEN KELLY HAS THE WORST JOB IN THE WHITE HOUSE!! 
HE MUST LIMIT ACCESS TO POTUS 
NO ACCESS UNLESS APPROVED BY CHIEF OF STAFF!!
NO ONE!!!
What you and your moochmunch did is highly unprofessional& disgusting. You are not even close to being "presidential" not even professional
you accomplished sh!t
His book should be fun.
Thank God we don't have the murderous Killery Clinton or her admitted rapist husband Scary Billy in the Casa Blanca.
Really! After you humiliated him over and over! You are pathetic!
He sucks and you suck.  I'm going to try to tell you that you suck everyday, so just be on the lookout.
@POTUS "We accomplished a lot together" = "sometimes he got my lunch order right"
Thanks so much and God bless. Help the Biafran people to be free and God will bless you the more.
You're a joke. Resign

Riiight - and you let that foul-mouthed degenerate Scaramucci run him off. SAD!
Nothing is not a lot!!! SAD!!!
Isn't is amusing then that he learned about being fired through Twitter. #ClassAct
.
You accomplished what??  Obstruction of justice and collusion with Russia. Yep, that about covers it.
Until he decides to sing like a canary!
What was his name? O was he a Nationalist? Russian? Cousin? Step Brother? Putin in disguise? Fake News found out? Proud & FIRED HIM.
With as all the knives you throw at your "team", don't be surprised when they, figuratively speaking, come for you. 

Et tu, EVERYONE?
So true, lucky for us he didn't sign a non disclosure agreement 
What did you accomplish? I'd love to know champ
Him, Mitch, Paul Ryan and let's not forget you are a bunch of damn 
Lier trump had tony the mooch do his dirt work, of humiliating priebus, trump also left priebus stranded on tarmac as he drove awsy. Gutless
It was a mistake to pit people against each other in my White House. Reince, I apologize for systematically undermining you.
Did you say this before or after you threw him under the bus?
Keep up the good fight Mr President millions like me has got your back
