sneak preview.#45 Lies and does NOT show us his tax returns
#russiagate #Trumprussia #TrumpcareIsWorseThan

#ICYMI: Weekly Address  http://45.wh.gov/Jjp2ki  ...
but what if I wanted to miss it. Your words are lies. Your actions are worse. The worst. The most terrible actions.
Great job, 
May I suggest a go fund me account, BUILD THE WALL, we, the PEOPLE, will gladly donate the money to be secure
  Honda NSX      
 Made in U.S.A.  


This super car is popular in Japan.
Ty Donald Trump for all that you have done for us in office so far I Hurd the democrats are going to try to off you in the next couple of weeks so watch your back
please call upon the DOJ & FBI and uncover the criminals that are giving up classified information!!
Not worth hearing. Fake prez. Sad. Low energy, sadistic towards the poor; scorns Jesus Christ. Trump is no Christian.
God bless you, protect you n family may no weapon formed against u prosper, in Jesus name. PRESIDENT TRUMPMAGA
Could you please step down n let a real man run the country??  You think it's work. Welcome to our world. 
WeAkly compilation of misremembered facts?

oh shoot not again.
I will never listen to your addresses because I can't believe a word that comes out of your mouth.
#MAGA
You say we can’t afford to help refugees, but you’re silent about how we can afford to bomb them. #Russia LOVES #trump
these r not refugees. Christians  need to come here. Poison would be  much cheaper but not as fun
Is it true you sometimes make Melania sleep wearing an Ivanka mask?
Seriously, that was less than 10 seconds.
he sucks
nope. I'm good. 

would rather swallow anti freeze
No way Chavez!
Trumpa Baba ! ayda yilda bir olsada muhakkak ara azicik zamanindan ayir da öldün mü kaldin mi sor ara sira!
Lies, lies, lies.
OBAMA, OBAMA, Obama 《Barry)is the big liar.
Evidence?
@ChristiChat @LeahR77 @Lrihendry @Stonewall_77 @SpecialKMB1969 @POTUS @ChristieC733
British MP Nigel Evans tells those opposing @POTUS #PresidentTrump's state visit 2"get over it"because he's the #PresidentOfTheUnitedStates 
Off golfing again! I thought you said presidents don't have time to golf and run a country! Any new lies this weekend?
Your approval ratings can't go too much lower!  Take the hint & RESIGN!!!!!
will u be rebuilding a plant somewhere in the US to manufacture your ties instead of being a hypocrite and outsourcing?
the look of a person who knows she should've closed her borders and save her country. Too late
just like that.. 
must be piss in those buckets. Trump loves a pee party.
YOU TAKE A VACATION EVERY WEEKEND? $10,000,000 A WEEK TO PROTECT YOU & YR FAMILY? YOU ARE NOT WORTH IT! NEED THE GOLD PAL?
dont have to it is the same.
Lie, I am great, Lie Lie Lie, oh yea I am great& I am screwing u over, one more lie, The End
Fantastic!
what are you going to lie about this week?  Can't wait to hear president bannons speech.
you want, makes me sick watching people on the news and this criticizing everything he does just sit back and watch him do
#GodBlessAmerica
“The black community has literally been destroyed by racist illegal immigration...” http://bit.ly/2ky0zUJ 
#GodBlessAmerica
Meanwhile in Merkel's Germany.....

Muslims Holding the Palestinian flag, chant “Adolf Hitler” and “Allahu Akbar.” 
didn't watch it, don't really care. Fake news from a fake president. #ComeyHearing
This is more accurate
@adventurfuI @realDonaldTrump The cringe is real
obama may have been articulate and politically correct but his policy SUCKED. Stay the course President Trump!
yeah who wants an intelligent, articulate president, when you can have a bumbling liar.
obama and Hillary and the DNC are the liars.

you will never see the truth. That's okay. We don't need you to MAGA.
We didn't miss it. 
#TheResistance
BTW, this Gallup poll just came out. 37%? Isn't that a new low? http://www.gallup.com/poll/201617/gallup-daily-trump-job-approval.aspx …
The #TrumpRussia investigations in the House and Senate are coming right along! #Russiagate
Remember this guy!? He was on your transition team. He didn't want trans people in bathrooms. Hmm. #TheResistance
just because I asked Kathleen for a citation, she did a hit and run.  So childish and silly.
@SecretService 
Why does Twatter allow these threats?
should we call the PC police for you?

you jackoffs really enjoy your memes, huh?

ok, bye now, Nazi.
at least it's not their daughter, like trump. Why are you guys so Clinton obsessed?
u first
wait in line for that one
oh ok u said the magic word
.@realDonaldTrump Your approval rating is 37%. Turkey Bacon has a better approval rating than you do.
lol
Here's your Gallup approval ratings today, Mr Trump:
why do you hate so much. Go reflect on your soul
Undocumented immigrants ARE NOT increasing the crime rate in Philly. We ARE NOT protecting criminals in our city.
please don't listen to the trolls. You are doing a great job and the deplorables are with you.
.@realDonaldTrump's Weekend Address
works for me. Better than paying for a luxury suite for the Obama's. It's his house.
BLAME BOJ, BOJ, BOJ, BOJ, BOJ ABE ABE ABE ABE BOJ BOJ BOJ
Trump's weekly address: currently 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue - soon to be Rikers Island, Queens, NY
I wonder what President Hillary Clinton is doing at this moment? She probably is resting fast to sleep peacefully.
proud of all your hard work Mr. President..

oh look. It's Rosie O Donnell.
Yo' mama
she's not even my sista.
stupid AND boring
that would be crybaby snowflakes in their safe space like you. LOL
like I said, stupid AND boring
An incoherent rambling is not an "address".
nobody cares I hope your black heart gives out!!
no one with a tv has the OPTION to miss your weekly addresses, interrupting programming like there's a national emergency.

Are you packing? May I lend you some suitcases?
President Trump can you trust the Obama hold over Director Comey?
More bullshit from Agent Orange. Fake President. Fake administration. Not my President. Trump + Russia = Impeachment.
Thank you for these! The media is a waste of time!
keep the tweet. Cant stand fake news. God Bless You and family. Thanks for all your fantastic work
Isn't it Mar a Lago?
Andrew Jackson was the only President to ever bring the US National Debt to Zero.
release your taxes
Lil kim. If he invited you to dinner you would like his plates.
Mr. President we need to ensure that the health-care premiums and deductibles are reasonable. 20% hike for us this year
Weekly address where Fake POTUS says absolutely nothing of worth. You can't even talk in complete sentences. 5th graders are more articulate
why waste our time on more lies which are provable!We've heard the diatribes once too many times!You are flabby with lies!
ya know why you don't see right Republican's replying? Because WE WON!!! 
please stop these stupid hearings they don't tell you anything we have better things to do let them do it in private
You and your family have a great Monday Mr. President. I love you and your family. I hope it's ok to say that
sorry I missed it, I was washing my hair.
nobody care
He lies and sadly he'll supporters will believe it
this tweet has 23318 likes. That number is 0.087% of your followers.
Who wants to listen to you read Bannon's words?  I will be watching the hearing on Russia!
DON'T YOU EVER SLEEP ???
I have faith in you Sir.The Dem/Libs DO NOT want you to succeed. I'm a disgusted senior
Keep up the good work!
is this real or a snl skit? lmao!
bro, this year h1b rules not gonna change..but atleast give a statement that firms can hire graduates. I hope u understand
...Don't you mean "weak" address?
hillary4prison
who cares?! This administration can't be trusted
DJT 37% approval. Worst in 240 yr history Maybe if U didnt spent 35% of ur time golfing in FL costing taxpayers $27million
seem the majority of Americans just aren't that into you, big D.
But then u did loose the popular vote (majority of voters)
Mr. President, this is a disgusting waste of your political capital.  Don't destroy your support this way
Oh great, more lies
Section 4 of 25th Amendment
lock you up
Keep up the great work POTUS!!
 What are we going to get a play by play of your golf games??
YOU'RE SO FCKED#resist
I will not be watching. You have not lower taxes and you don't seem to have wanted to be president.
no thank you
BFF NOTHING BUT LIES! TIME IS NUMBERED!
you liar
Like your many, many business failures, you stink at this gig #idiot
Shouldn't we be calling these what they are? "Weekly Shit Show", "Tinfoil Hat of the Week", "How Low Can My Ratings Drop"
not  good for you in the hearing!
sounds like U were OK w /ACA all along,so mustB lying 2 AMERICANS FROM START abt full repeal. U R on thin ice if U r lying
Who cares? Nothing u say is interesting or intelligent. U make me sick. I want to throw up on ur face when I see ur name.
I never listen to your weekly address because it is never substantive.  It is the same old same old.  Look at me, I'm great

Please. Help the truckers. We move America. Owner operators
No reason to listen to you or sphincter's lies.
...more like WEAKLING address. #POTUS #Distractions are about as effective as #POTUS #FELONYTWEETS. SAD!
lowest approval rating of any president in history at this point. Sad! #illigitimate #russia #thankyoutrump #trumpcare
Will Trumpcare allow us to purchase name-brand thoughts and prayers or over the counter thoughts and prayers?
there is more room to go under
Can't watch a fake POTUS who can't even read a prompter very well.  #liarinchief #notfit4POTUS
What is your weekly address? The White House or mar-a-lago?  Pick one address and live there. 
Just watched you w/ Merkel. You talk big, but she laid bare just how deep your insecurities and weaknesses run. #Loser
We will do it!
*weakly
U praise yourself as the dealmaker, after numerous bankruptcies. Our lives and our allies, are not deals to be made!
IMPEACH JUDGES THAT BREAK CONSTITUTION
I can't wait until your weekly address is Trump Tower again.
Parker payed by George Soros group.
I want my PBS also
YOUR ADDRESS IS FAKE NEWS
democrats let the Muslim refugees come over here and now they want to change the laws and make you fall under their rules.
couldn't care less what you have to say...its all FAKE
37% approval rating! LMAO...losing biggly there Donald. Pathetic! #TrueFacts #LOSING #Resist
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
I bet not many will watch it. If they do it will only be for laughs and to see how SNL will interpret it on Saturday night
weekly lies
who CARES!
Turkish people love you very much, great president
I bet "Turkish people" do love Drumpf!
not for money just because he has a good heart and does not discriminate !! 

Trump's best side. @toneely22 @Kariseattle @realDonaldTrump
Lies
lock you up
The FBI is investigating connections between President Trump's campaign associates and the Russian government
FAKE president.
what.a.tool.
They tried to silence to Joe Mack of the Wolverine Party, its not going to succeed.
Hernandez entered illegal entry 12 years ago. Work at a construction site and earn about 100 dollars a day.
Thx for weekly updates. How come no other President did this! About time. More people need to know u do this. Do better w healthcare please.
This is a #quiz? Your weekly address is the White House, your weekend address is Mar-a-Lagolf #taxpayersmoney #wastingmoney
do you fail to tie your tie at your knees or fail to tie it at belt line?
Your Twitter numbers are waaaaay down. Nobody cares about you.
psst, not many watch. If they're like me... hearing your voice and lack of basic grammar,makes me want to stab myself
Mr President please release all of your tax returns. It would help to resolve these Russia issues.
Jeeze, this was so boring, you need to get someone else to write for you.
zero fucks dude
you sound like a 4 year old. So childish
Hallo Mister President Trump
Please...spare us the embarrassment!!!
oh goodieee . I wounder what will come out from his mouth this time 
