
Thanks Obama!
I don't trust Trump's version of 'better.' Not one bit!
So far, his version of 'better' has included corruption, scandal, and xenophobia, just to name a few.
Anybody who says the word xenophobia watches CNN too much. Wtf?
Called SNOWFLAKES.  melt in the light of truth. Most transient physical form of plain water.  Just that. No substance.All appearance.
LOCK HER UP!
Praying for you and our country #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Nazis. Nazis and racists. They're not very good. And you don't seem to want to stop them, either.
Thanks Obama!

Im still hoping you dont cave. No wall no amnesty for dreamers. You are our last hope. The others betrayed us.

What is with all the unnecessary commas?



They're happening in America - but not because of you. Once your policies kick in, the economy will tank.  Sad!
Yeah... for the rich. That's all you care about. What's the stock markets doing to help all the damage around our world right now.
Yep just blow your magic dust on North Korea Iraq and Afghanistan and Russia and China and terrorism and middle class screwed. Abracadabra
Health care tax cuts tax code white supremacy prejudice hate LBGT white police go free shooting blacks Brown or black man distrust You are??








Thank you Mr. President  @realDonaldTrump
Because we finally have a real president, thank you! #MAGA

Still my president!!!!
Do what the hell you were elected to do.
You're Twitter adict!
The recession has started. It started on Election Day. Go look at xe for the dollar value. Trump Lies.
jobs are NOT at an all time high and the stock market is riding momentum from Obama.  YOU DID NOTHING on this. #LoserTrump
If this country needs defended government doesn't need to call on American citizens. Call on the so called dreamers.
But, most of all, your ego is at an all time high.
but you not created nothing yet
Ya know what I'm just gonna keep saying this you are a #WhiteSupremacist and must be removed from our WH NOW #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
Oh good, you believe it. Super
Well, maybe not those pesky approval ratings Hey, how about those burning hats?
Thank you Obama
Thanks to Obama - not you! Let's see in 2018 how all is going, then u can take credit or the fall!

OMG! I'm embarrassed for them as a woman.
Lying liberals will credit your success to Barack Obama. They just can't accept reality! They can't handle the truth.
What success ? He makes up most of his success.
Because he and Fox News keep telling them everyday.  Obama just quietly did good for the country.
Obama did horrible things for our country.
The liberal media has brainwashed millions into thinking that Obama improved our economy. Watch @SeanHannity expose the truth using facts: 
Yeah I know he wasn't white, his biggest crime.  Look what we have now.  Breaks the emoluments, hires the worst.
Thanks @BarackObama!
Obama didn't do anything !
Typical trumptroll. Probably a bot or sock puppet. Note they follow the same script of lies while ignoring Trump hasn't really signed much.
Your the troll. Reported.
 For what? Pointing out the truth? What legislation has your boy Trump passed? Hmm?
He's only been in office 8 months and triggered you guys more than enough. #EndDACA
That sentence doesn't even make sense. With grammar like that, you should be picking my fruit.
President Trump has the stock market on its biggest 9 month winning streak in 58 years! No mention from the VERY DISHONEST #MSM
When will the dishonest #MSM start reporting on the way President Trump is winning for our Stock Market, Economy and Small Businesses?
When he actually does something to increase it. This is all previous administration momentum. Trump hasn't contributed anything positive yet
If that was the case "previous administration momentum", why the hell did it take 8 years to start? Obama never even saw a 3% GDP growth.
It takes years and years to recover. Bush administration took us to the verge of another Great Depression. That doesn't change overnight.
Lol at the Bush administration Ms Kate I know my politics very well and certainly democrats r not known 4 boosting economy pls spare us
Please ignore the mentally challenged and pray for them. Let's not bring insults, just prayer 
Indeed Mr Wohl not meaning to insult simply stating but yes u are indeed correct
We have a long way to go.
We are probably 6 months from a recession.
Congress can keep this from happening by #TaxReform and get the middle class keeping more of the money we work so hard for. Continue
POLL 

Who is better for the economy??

Vote below and RETWEET for more votes
Trump by far. Under the Trump administration we are in a much better place today than we were under Obama. Trump is on a mandate to make America great and it will happen.
Your resignation?
Never ever ever going to happen. (Obviously)
Stranger things have happened, like him in the WH
Well he's a lot better than Hillary woulda been
She wouldve condemned neoNazis
He did. Over & over & over & over...more than a few times in other words.
After a week
Please build the wall!!
And completely pull out of the Paris Accord
Please lock up Hillary!
Poor Kekky Trump-lovers. He doesn't even care what YOU think! 
I'm not going to vote for you again if @nasa does not pay for a plan to return to moon by 2020 & on to mars by 2024 by @elonmusk & @spacex
Not going to have an insertion stage or equivalent in three years. Certainly not a lander. And Trump can't change that.
By 2020?
Just remember, nobody knew @elonmusk had that first prototype carbon-fiber LOX tank DONE before IAC last year, @janickiind
Any other showstoppers in the wings? The tank is a big, perhaps definitive, win.
The mind blower would be: a 9m mini-ITS tanker on top of @SpaceX  Falcon Heavy demo in November! @elonmusk likes to blow people's minds!
Trump is right
pien cheputo
The president grabbed the hearts of many Japanese citizens this time in Japan!
Boiiiiii!!!!!! Boyyyyyyaaaaaa!!!!! Boiiiiii!!!!!
You didn't have anything to do with what happened Donald! #Lair in Chief!
Another lie. We can read.
TGFT( thank God for Trump)
Resign and we'll take our chances with Pence at this point Donny you're FIRED
Please do not cave to the Liberal Democrats & Rinos!  STICK WITH YOUR AGENDA that's why we voted for you!
You're doing a great job Mr President !!♡!!
Please Mr. President #LockHerUp #BuildThatWall #DeportThemAll stay the course and #MAGA
SCROTUS continually promotes violence against women. Is that a good thing Donnie?
They will! 
Yo donny, these are still results from Pres Obama.  Your results dont start till Oct 17... Let's see how many people are starving then.
You're actually a horrible used car salesman in reality
That has nothing to do with your administration, though? No tax reform, no repeal? All you did was ban a bunch if people from shit.
Really? Thanks, Obama!
effect on the economy. Much of the economy runs on businesses having faith in the man in charge. Thanks for leaving Barack.
You really don't think this has anything to do with you, right?
How possibly I can get in touch with U 2 show my project? It's important as the health & survival of our country. No one else has it.AnnaNYC
You are delusional from staying up all night worrying about Mueller coming to get you. You are a racist, con man. Your game is up soon.
Thank u most of all for what u are doing to eliminate the evil of abortion.
Where did you find this guy?
Dear President Trump, stay strong!  America needs you.  Can anything be done to stop the idiots in St Louis from destroying property?
Thank you President Obama!  You did an amazing job for 8 years!  Even trump is telling everyone how great you did!
Thank you Pres. Obama!
I voted for u and defended u with these idiots including McCain as I am from Arizona
And I'm supposed believe it because you say it?? You're not in touch with reality are you?
Yes absolutely right but the question is, who is actually paying for this and who is going to benefit from it
Congratulations!!!
"Trump" - most honest & transparent man in DC.
A good man!
A good father!
A GREAT president!
You all need to get past ur ignorance!
Too bad you couldn't include "A good husband!" 
You need to keep your personal thoughts to yourself.  It's hard to support a President who calls other people names.
The jobs are still due to the Obama administration
Hurricane Maria is those of you who don't believe in global warming
Despite the POTUS
Those indictments will be icing on the cake!

Special thanks to @POTUS44! He doesn't BRAG like you, so I will do it for him! #braggartinthewhitehouse #egooutofcontrol #TrumpRussia
Did you see this? Turns out stock market improvements were stronger under Obama! Sorry about that.
What a credit grabber trump is! Obama stopped worse depression since '29 and made the economy soar. All trump does is take credit for it!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP #MAGA Obama did a great job as president. These rises were his work and your numbers are just an extension of his work.
DT Cock Suck all day long. Muah!
As anyone who understands economy knows: thanks to Obama.
You're riding on Obama's coat tails. The numbers can only drop drastically with you in office.  You'll never fill Obama's shoes.
All thanks to you doing nothing. Please, dear God, let Trump continue to play golf and to sit on his bum the rest of the time! Amen
This is happening  IN SPITE OF of you and anything you have done or not done.
You won't distract me from the burning hats.
Thank God or @realDonaldTrump or resuscitating our dead economy!
MAGA! 
 https://delight-products-co.myshopify.com/admin 

dani u are one of those crazies who do not know what u are talking about
You also believed Obama was born in Kenya. I believe you are a grave danger to this country.
The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump: Robert Jay Lifton and Bill Moyers on ‘A Duty to Warn’
Yes, thanks Obama. Too bad you suck, Donnie2Scoops! It's sad!
your riding the OBAMA factor..fool
All down to you Donnie boy #not lol
RT @realDonaldTrump RE: #ACA YOU FAILED because you didn't address/fix the ROOT PROBLEM: the corrupt & criminal BIG HEALTHCARE INSURANCE COS
Thanks Obama.
You can thank President Obama for the programs established under his administration for make you look good. Loser!
POS! POS! POS! POS!
We're still on President Obama's budget, so thank you President Obama!
When Obama took office Dow was at 6,600 at the end of his tenure 19,700. That's something to brag about. #jerk
High Stock Market only means more money for Trump's cronies. Not jobs. Bubble will burst will reality sets in.
http://www.americanmanufacturing.org/blog/entry/headed-to-d.c.-steelworkers-want-trump-to-keep-his-promise-protect-americas …
Bull SHIT ALL YOU DO IS LIE AND ON PRESIDENT OBAMA S   Accomplishments not yours why you're so jealous of Obama stop bullshit and the people
八嘎呀路
Yes sir. I believe so too. It's the lazy, thugs, Bush era and #Clintonites who got use to hand outs and no work are the haters. Well to bad.
Thanks to President Obama
Jobs at all time high and all time low wages.
No thanks to yoy.
Let's fix the priblem@for veterans who have to panhandle and sleep on the streets! They are our protectors, let's protect them
"A great deal of good things" @AONNRecords
Every individual deserves health care......
What jobs?!!
Top 2% = 95% of stock market!
Thanks Obama!

#ThankGodForTrump
Not true if you understand the trend over the last 8 years. New job rate is lower, Stocks following trend of last 8 years. #IHateTrump
MAYBE! True that Kelly is throttling your access to us forgotten ones? We still WANT the WALL-TAX RELIEF-JOBS-law breakers out Amer 1st MAGA
Lies and more lies for your corporates buddies!

And what about we start using alternative fuels instead of damn oil , coal?
Actually the REAL news already said you've brought those things down! #trumpFailure where are the jobs?
My 401K thanks you Mr. Pres.
No theyre not
Thanks President Trump.
Please pray for St Louis Missouri
I think you meant to say thanks obama here, but ya
Job growth have remained at the same level as under President Barack Obama solid economy, great job Obama!
Stop the twitter storm already!!!!
Say thank you to President Obama for that.
Thank you OBAMA!! It was 8 years of a president that emphasized respect, integrity and inclusiveness.
Empty barrel makes the most sound.
Wouldn't matter what this man does or what his wife wears. Haters hate and complain. Next hell be blamed for Planet X. Can see that coming.
Why are interest rates at life support levels?
Boy, that blow hole of your is on overtime and picture of your face.
Allies i just have this notion that if Korea is puffed up enough to taunt us their is an eminent threat. To us or our allies and its scary
New hairdos too!
I want the Wall at an all time high.
Yeah Right!!!! I want Obama Back!!
Not if you let Dreamers steal our jobs
Has NOTHING to do with you, thanks Mr Obama
Not good enough, you are still president! #impeachment#illegitimate
 REEEALLY???  I do not give a crap about Wall Street, and jobs are NOT coming back, many are LEAVING.
Umm- you, your entire staff, and members of your family have all "lawyered up".... crooked Donald. #thedonald #dragthemalldownwithyou #turd
asshole trump,U can definitely thank,Preident Obama 4 the Jobs and the Stock Market,you jerkoff had nothing to do with any of it,man- baby!
It's because of the actions President Obama made!!!! YOU simply inherited a great situation
So is inequaality. But thats the way you want it.
Blah! Go ahead and stroke your fragile ego. Your not fit , and we'll see where the country is in four years, if your still POTUS by then.
October 1 is the beginning of a new fiscal year. Where is the federal budget?
My wish is that I and my family will be part of this great country
Yeah. Thanks Obama. You personally haven't done anything meaningful except line your pockets. Dotard!
You're supposed to tell us that they're gonna get high before they do, so we can make money too
Yes indeed. Thank you Mr. Obama.
The job market has taken a downward turn for the first time in over 7 years. That is a fact.
Don't forget to thank your kids for the only applause before the U.N. babble started.
Yes it will keep getting better.
Thank YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP 
