LOL. Actual competent people have been laughing at you all your life.
You are completely delusional ....
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border,...
Clean out the Lefty Bureaucrats who will stop your plans to bring back America.
You believe this bull 
Ira don't you have a circumcision to go to?
The Gaints
Best @POTUS ever. Wish the #left of #USA would recognize.
what bills passed? they were memos! ISIS nothing? Military he bans trans and his generals fought it? boarder is a fence now? what was done?
Delusional or early stage of dementia.
Horse. Shit.
Comedic gold.
President Trump, you have absolutely accomplished more than any prior President in my 63 years. Thank you.
omg, you are a fool.
Thank you  Mr. President
Executive Orders will surpass the Obama administration. Legislative Bills will not. Let's not get it twisted lol
Well you certainly tell the bigliest lies. #LoserInChief
YOU'VE LITERALLY BEEN THE WORST PRESIDENT IN HISTORY & IN A VERY SHORT TIME.
Not true,
stop whining...you have no idea. If you don't want the job I know of an actual QUALIFIED person willing to take her office!
God dammit, you're delusional.  Every administration in history did more in the first 7 months than you did.
LIES! Trump's the worst president. LOWEST POLL NUMBERS EVER
That's right!
Grate job u r my god
Dilutional!!
Lots of fulltime layoffs under Trump. August 2017, worst jobs report in 6 years.
You are so deluded. You have accomplished NOTHING during your tenure but to destroy our air, water, land and our reputation in the world.
Few, if any Administrations have done [so much destruction] in just 7 months...
Seems legit.
Still more bull crap.
You sir are completely delusional and you do not know how to tell the truth.
You are delusional. No legislative wins despite maj in House, Senate.  Most contentious, rancorous, toxic admin ever. #Resign
certainly so
Yeah... you've failed more in 7 months then any administration. Looser
Good job trump. Drain the swamp and the obama left overs who remain every where.
Baaaaahaha!
All lies. Delete your account
Haha, what? You're crazy for that one Big D!
If you mean spend American money and cut much needed programs. Spent all your travel protection money in 7 months, who pays now? We do!!
When will we EVER GET a health bill and tax cuts? What is our Gov doing when your out of the office? Do they ever work?
GO FOR IT, DEAR PRESIDENT. WE SUPPORT. BUT PLEASE MAKE LAWLESS LEFT ACCOUNTABLE! SO MUCH CRIME! WHAT IS CHRISTOPHER WRAY DOING? COMEY OUT!
LOL
You have accomplished little to nothing. You're SO delusional!!!!
Wrong
Bullshit!
Good for you , now go after the corrupt public servants and politicians who have committed crimes.  Investigate and prosecute
JESUS CHRIST! You self serving SOB!!! You've signed your name to bills you haven't READ that mean NADA to anyone...no WALL, no HEALTHcare...
This is fake news.
Shld we ask historians 2 make lists of which presidents hv done more? RU aware of how much past admins hv accomplished in 1st 100 days?
Ridiculous!  Do you think ever! Think first Tweet Never!
Kiss my aox
You are funny.  Why are you hiding your identity
I am starting to think you are delusional enough to believe the nonsensical contradictions you spew regularly.  SAD!!!!
Wrong
President Trump will go down in history as the man who saved America from lunatics and politics.
don, like the size of your hands, crowds, and feet-- you have done nothing worthwhile in at least 7 months.  Crawl back under your rock.
Please explain, I can't find a thing you have done except try and reverse anything Obama did and attempt to alienate us from the world.
POTUS has done more in 7 months than all the others in 7 years.
DACA ended day one?
Very exciting times. MAGA
What kind of inferiority complex causes a person to pat himself on the back with their own manufactured false realities?
Killing regulations not good. They found another Million fraudulent Wells Fargo accounts. Keep filling the swamp Mr Do Nothing President.
Darling, you don't actually belive your own hyperbole, do you?
How meatballs actually went through Congress? You have no morals, integrity, dignity or compassion. You shame our nation.
Mr. President: congratulating your A for "regulations killed"?  How about the one you killed that might have prevented the Arkema explosion?
OMG! You are certifiable!
U r out of your f**king mind!!
Few if any administration's have done so much harm in such a short time.  I hope future administration's don't do the same.
That is an out and out lie?!?!?
You have TAKEN from the PEOPLE to TAKE CARE of YOUR FAMILY & RUNNING OFF all over THE PLACE, especially where YOUR FAMILY OWNS IT.
Why WASTE the PEOPLES MONEY on a WALL when THAT MONEY SHOULD be used for QUALITY REPAIR of OUR CITIES & PROVIDE for EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE.
You have done NOTHING BUT CAUSE PEOPLE TO LIVE IN FEAR w/YOUR ADMINISTRATION and that IS NOT LIVING.
No administration has been mired in so much scandal, self-service, disregard of the rule of law, ignoring the good of the people. Shame!!
you're right. No previous President has done so much to screw our country, & disgrace it internat'l.  Crim. Invest. too!
You forgot to add working impeaching this president to your list sooner than later
Really? #fullofshit #fakethingsthepresidentsays #insane
Wrong...nobody likes you
Donald your base may believe those lies but you have no legislation that has been passed not at all.
What a dreamer you are! About to go down in history as most disliked US President ever!
"Have you no sense of decency, sir? At long last, have you left no sense of decency?"
What bills have been passed? What border has been built? What's been done about ISIS. Specifically please.
Given that u don't believe in climate change, r u taking credit for Harvey?
Hahahahaha you are a joke.
SAFETY regulations killed
Done more to get nothing done or passed.. yes we all agree
bizarre opposite world.  No administration has EVER done LESS
You are so vain you always praising yourself Normal human being rather let other people praise you.  We have seven months like any other
Presedency
Delusional.
#POTUS @realDonaldTrump Dude you are delusional. You lie so often, can't really take anything you say serious. #Soggycornflakes
If I 'accomplished' in 7 months at my job what you have, I'd be fired! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
You have done nothing. You have undone much out of spite. Great leadership, fool!
You are a joke.
Dream on Donnie.

You had divided this country; otherwise you haven't accomplished ANYTHING.  Your ego is pathetic, as is your brain.  You are the fake news!
You said exactly what I wish the rest of the people in the US would say. Trump IS the greatest!
Bot

Messing up your own country......check!
Are you dreaming? what have u done?  trying to mess up the military, pardoned a racist?  we would ba better off if  u did nothing.
Mr President I am a supporter but why is your Justice Dept dropping the Hillary investigation?  They say lack of interest?  Really?
YOU ARE A LIAR! YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING! YOU DID NOT WIN THE ELECTION. HILLARY WON BY 3 MILLION VOTES!  YOU ARE A FAKE AND A FRAUD! SCUMBAG!
Obama lied???
Yes, you are wonderful. Im so proud. #thingsheneededtohearfromhisdaddy
Melania.  God be with you.
donald sits on his ass & tweets. Then he eats & watches FOX FAKE NEWS !!! And tweets more.

You are a complete and utter failure.  A total disaster!
I realize you're trying to get Obamacare repealed, but before that can I get some of the drugs you're taking that would make you think this?
Truly you are joking orange man 
Liar
All while poop tweeting! Congrats!
Sr. Presidente el oficio de ser el líder de una gran nación es desgastante.
México siempre estará con nuestros hermanos norteamericanos.
No administrations have done less than yours.  Singing executive orders is not impressive.
Too funny!
Lmao!!!Wait, you're always saying nothing gets done because dems obstruct.What you've accomplished is a divided country & rampant racism.
You haven't done anything except hookup your friends and made more money off being president than any previous so I guess you have been busy
@realDonaldTrump Only terrorists and madmen plot to use weapons of mass destruction. Stop the nuclear  rhetoric now!
So so great!
What exactly are you smoking?
You have not signed a single piece of legislation from Congress. You have only undone through executive order, many hard won efforts.
Not sure what reality You are living in.
And few, if any, have been working on starting WWIII with Korea. Good job, man!
Yes you destroyed a nation and go down as the worst president in the history of the world the worst since biblical times
You and joe should be headed to the grave if karma has anything to say about it........
I agree. The cancer is t FBI, so corrupt. We T Ppl want justice served pertaining to Hillary. FBI will not release records/emails. Corrupt
You are doing a great job still need to fire all the Obama holdovers start with the FBI and the DOJ
Why are you allowing the FBI to refuse to grant access to the HRC emails someone needs fired drain the swamp
Add 1st POTUS to have lowest approval poll rating.
Hahahahahahahahaha
If u mean you've done more to destroy this country, then yes... I agree.
You've begun the modern day genocide. Shame on you
Donald LOL LOL LOL LOL my sides are hurting!  You are too funny with this "best President ever" stuff.  Try "worst" and you might be close!!
Yeah! Making America great again - NOT! You have done so little in terms of real progress! You make America worse! Loser!
And according to your sheeple, your great healthcare . 
YOUR THE MAN SIR GREAT JOB DO STAY ON OLE CHAP TALLY HO
Lie.
Does your delusion know no bounds?
Exactly what have you done?
Obama's bills passed. Reforms set back. Nothing useful concerning border, military, ISIS, SC. Probably the least ever done in 7 months!
You are a bigger disaster than Harvey.  The only difference is the US will get over Harvey
What exactly have you done??? So dillusional.
How does one manage to kiss his own ass? Yoga?
lol. What a joke. You've done absolutely nothing meaningful.
You're so full of yourself! Just because you said it doesn't make it true! #nothingaccomplished
We know, believe me, & will vote accordingly.  Anyone who's been destroyed by the demogods out there understand, bigly. MAGA, it's all good.
SO MUCH WINNING! EVERYONE SAYS SO! NOT!
I and my fellow military members applaud your courage to stand against all these haters who would rather see America fall than succeed.
I want you to know sir that as an African American who voted for you, you are doing a wonderful job.
PDJT! MAGA!
Resign
You have not done much; you are terrible,  your administration is a joke; just like you being president.  SAD !
Yes agree. We still need healthcare, tax reform and new build in America!  It was good to watch you in Texas with our people 
Traitor trump is a compulsive liar and once again he lies. The worst President in the history of our country
Let's not forget ALL of this was done with NO support from Republicans . Imagine if they cared about America as much as @POTUS does !!!
You've done nothing!, You've undone alot of regulations that will hurt us and this planet we're living on!
