What's your definition of "survived" Donnie? Obviously you closed your eyes the entire time u were on the island. Feh
They're lazy.....
You're an idiot Donald Dump
Sentiments towards you could change. You touted infrastructure, infrastructure! PR would have been a shining star for the world on how to build infrastructure w/ energy efficient tech. & sustainable. But you denigrate it's leaders & threaten to restrict money.Sad
You are pethetic!!!
... make the degenerate assholes who mishandled everything pay,  don't make innocent citizens suffer over & over.
... not the fault of the average Joe that corrupt govt unethically puts their families & associates 1st.  Can u ever not be a complete dick?
. Puerto Rico is a great Island and the people are desperate on getting to the U.S. And their President has shown great relation with the Americans
This country will survive you. All your damage will be reversed, and the only thing you will have left is money and a bad reputation until the end of time. You have shamed future Trumps for generations to come.
a real president name Bill Clinton went to P.R
Financial crisis, thanks in part to the $33 million burden you added when you filed bankruptcy.  Oh wait - I keep forgetting what a crack business genius you are.

Appoint a new Financial Oversight Board with persons you trust. Eliminate all Obama leftist ideology influence and strategies from PR.
The death toll hit 85. This was Sunday when you and Mikey P were playing stupid games with the nfl, on tax payers dime naturally
You could help them repeal the Jones act signed that executive order
They don't have clean water!!!!
Figures you would quote @SharylAttkisson @FoxNews wrote a book called Smear about fake news. Your a Smear in the underwear of 
Dotdotdotdotdot…
An ellipsis is still exactly three dots. And one character when you know how to type it.
There is currently a humanitarian crisis largely of YOUR own making.
You know you can use more than 140 characters now?
They are still dying for lack of clean water. Patients need consistent power in the hospitals. Look at the rising death toll.
"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
#SteeleDossier #TrumpRussia #TrumpMoron #SteeleDossier #TrumpRussia #TrumpMoron #SteeleDossier #TrumpRussia #TrumpMoron
Guide us, orange one! Make America Safe from natural disasters again!
dude. Stop

Survived?  They still are trying to survive!
For god's sake, Puerto Rico is still 90% without power, and most people are starving.  Don't you dare brag about them surviving!
Don't you dare blame Puerto Rico for this mess.  It's not their fault that they don't have the US economy to back them up!  They are a an island nation with little resources!
I know where you are going with this.  You are going to say that PR doesn't deserve more FEMA funds.  I hope I'm wrong......
It's not even their fault! Congressional policy about how Puerto Rico has to pay off its debts is what is causing the mess.
Utado, Puerto Rico - makeshift water station + terrible conditions

Oct 6 http://nbcnews.to/2y6hN1p 
Trump blames Puerto Rico disaster victims - "ingrates" - now says "can't stay forever!"

3.5 million US Citizens in crisis
Trump hasn’t shown stability, competence or understanding for the job
-Senator Corker  #TrumpResign #Impeach45
Way to KICK an island when they are down?!  Is this how you inspire?
Fake hurricane?
Just wow!!!!!
oh just be quiet
Oh bless your heart.  If you had one.
This is a fact.  Put the state run power company through managed bankruptcy and make them sell. Also split the telecom off.
Power companies have never been able to successfully sell telecom services.
Why should she? Trump’s the one on here pitching unAmerican fits like a dictator every morning, ignoring Americans w/o food or water.
They will call a mental illness after you.
Now is not the right time to blame Puerto Rico. Classic victim-blaming.
Puerto Rico is with out food, water, and electricity and somehow the president thinks a shame-tweet is appropriate.
Puerto Rico is a valuable resource for making our #medical supplies!
Wall Street is the reason for Puerto Rico.  And you are part of those who caused calamity on that island.
Derp.
...sympathy from the president
#inhuman #notnormal
Kick 'em while they're down why don't ya
Love to you!!
You know what to do in a financial crisis. Give Puerto Rico the power to declare bankruptcy, like you, and they'll be fine.
The island is still there, yes, but the people are still fighting to stay alive. Get off your golden throne.
Hey Smugly, how many times have you gone bankrupt? 6? Congress won't let Puerto Rico go bankrupt. It's White Courtesy vs. Brown Treatment.
A total lack of humility and empathy?
You are a TOTAL DISGRACE. RESIGN NOW!!!
U seem to hace forgotten about your $35M bankruptcy golf course there huh? I'm sure that didn't help! #prselevanta #didnt4uanyways
Classy
I understand that $33 million of their debt is actually yours from failed golf course.  Please repay them!
Wow, you are crazy.
Look at captain bankruptcy talking nonsense again
What is lacking ?
They were $118 billion in debt before the hurricanes. The power company was $9 billion in debt. The PR board had already petitioned the US
Finally someone says something with actual fact of the situation, thank you!
I try to stick to facts. The cost to rebuild now will be triple or quadruple now. I don't know how the US can afford it. We are in debt too.
Maybe Trump and his cronies can stop fleecing America and put that money into rebuilding instead. 
Absolutely !!
Maybe if he didn't have a Senate working against his every move.
The island was basically destroyed by wind and flood. Of course they have a financial crisis looming.
Did you know most the island has no electricity, no you don’t care cause you’re a racist
here is your card
Made by trump


Don't worry idol, I am reporting his comments. He will be suspended soon
He’s an idiot , he sounds like the 400 pound fat kid
Thank you for helping the people of P.R.  They need our help!!
Puerto Ricans in the US need to remember how this POS handled the disaster and then blamed them for the debt while not waiving the #JonesAct
Don’t you owe PR $33,000,000?
3.5 million born citizens in Puerto Rico. You claimed to be able to fix America. Puerto Rico IS AMERICA! Start there.
How can you stand yourself? To quote someone to try to shame people, human beings, who need help and are not at fault for a natural disaster
They are dying, every day because you are killing them!!
OK i UNDERSTAND EVERYTHING YOU ARE SAYING ON MANY DIFFERENT SUBJECTS BUT, YOU NEED TO EXPLAIN WHY YOU ARE MAKING CERTAIN DECISIONS SAVE FACE
The @realDonaldTrump can make his economic vision true in #PuertoRico  on small scale as example for #USA.Why doesn't he as devellopment ?
You are quite possibly the worse human alive today
#25thAmendment
Im sorry to say but how did u let this guy in power? He needs to b in a nursing home fr the old. He aint all there
Resign.
Pay them back the money you owe them.  That might help a lot.
ywywyw62
I wish just one of our representatives had the guts to stand up and speak out to remove you from office.
Their own making??? You did this before you were President you lying sob
#YourResignationIsAccepted
Liberals screw everything up
Dơŋ'ŧ ყơų ơɯɛ Pơřŧơ RıĆơ, 32 mıٳٳıơŋ ʄơř ყơųř ʄąıٳɛɖ ɠơٳʄ ĆơųřŞɛ, ɯɧყ ɖơŋ'ŧ ყơų קąყ ųק????
You are a tool!!
Mr. President I served in the US Marine Corps and fought for All... risk my life for our country and for free!  Because I Love My Country.
Mr. President I believe that God wants to use you but you need to pray and listen to the Holy Spirit remember Israel,be lead by the Spirit.
You don't represent only the U.S but you also represent God... and with that you must walk and talk wisely... God bless you and your family.
Liar
And Florida and Texas are not in debt beyond measure?  You only work for and with white people you racist ass.
Why not send all the stupid liberals to Puerto Rico to work and live!

PR caused IRMA AND MARIA TO HIT THE ISLAND? I know there are MORONS BUT   3.4M American Voters and the GOP turns their back? That will hurt
Well you did help!  Bankruptcy in PR!
The $33M you stole from them and the rest of the U.S. taxpayers by declaring your 6th bankruptcy was your making, not theirs.
Their making?? That is ludicrous.
Puerto Rico has been in a financial crisis for decades and yes it’s all of their own making
Trolls, I’m not a politics person at all so I’m speaking out of turn. It just sounded savage to me
It appears the savage one is @BuskerTrolls 
BOT is a truther... lol 

POS POTUS. Shameful.
How much has it cost taxpayers 4 your golf weekends & jetsetting by your swamp? Those millions could have helped #PuertoRico #25thAmendment
A fuck*ng spa day on a medical rescues ship?  Your admin is evil anc deplorable
Easiest way to tweet @ Senate-2 clicks 2 send pre-written SOS 4 #PuertoRico https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CeHG0qe3Hd5Mtjf3Hk49MIpmTD6w9CNLMo74zlmvpFE/htmlview#gid=0 …
Or give2
https://hispanicfederation.org/unidos 
Share!
Ok. Most of us hate @realDonaldTrump. Those who support... just can't wrap my brain around it. He's so deplorable. Nothing good about him.
If that's how you choose to use the word "most", so be it. The 1st amendment hasn't been repealed... yet.
Joe, he doesn't care abt the U.S. He cares abt himself. He speaks in circles. He's useless & he's ruining the Republic.
.I suppose it's the fault  of California home owners that 50-75 mph winds kicked up huge fires Sunday night that have destroyed 3500 homes.
.I dare you to say it.
Actually, they voted for Dems who have passed laws, pressured by environmentalists, that forbid proper maintenance of removing underbrush!!
They are US citizens just like your white buddies - it's a matter of duty and honour to look after them
there's still elderly Americans in Florida with severe home damage still no FEMA  yet left worries about Puerto Rico
Afterursry ASS is gone, what LOOMS for #WeThePeople will be a long road of mental, healthcare, environmental, and Intl' relations recovery.
There is a special place for you...it's called HELLYour grandchildren must be proud of you.  Such a good role model!!
I know now you are the Biggest Asshole I’ve every seen .
You must’ve gotten a lot of experience to run this country from playing the sims dimwit/president edition for senile old pricks like yourself. You probably just installed the game and didn’t even do anything to grow that virtual
The lack or leadership comes from the top and you the asshat what's letting Americans die from preventable and treatable bacteria.
When will you pay your personal depts to PR
Get off Twitter....   #ImpeachTrumpNow
Puerto Rico did not survive the hurricane, they are merely existing. Donald Trump, you should be ashamed.
Thank you Mr. President for all you are doing for our Country. America stands very strongly with you! God Bless You and the USA!!!
NOT of their own making. WE created the economic mess in PR. WE should fix it! But you will do nothing becuz  they’re not white. #PuertoRico
The Jones Act has been an unnecessary financial burden like no other since 1920, Obama send many more troops and medical and food to Haiti.
Just do your job.
Financial crisis is not the individual citizen's fault
#Republicanepicfail
Mississipi in same financial boat as Puerto Rico & You help them, Liar-in-Chief!  You're BAD!  Rotten!
#trumpISNOTsmart
Your the biggest JACKASS since the Word jackass was created the white house has a jackass in it named Donald trimp
you know, PR needs to get back to business first..  kicking our fellow citizens when they're down is NOT the american way #presidenttool
are not all financial institutions who lent so much $ to PR knowing they couldntpay it back? Go after the lenders
So we should do nothing?   Maybe they deserve more help then the states that are doing well?
You abandoned PR and treat it like you were treated by your dad. You're an embarrassment and America is ashamed of you.  Failures!! RESIGN!
Hillary has some money to donate.
Well, I see it this way. Help.Yes. Most Definitely.  But, do not take anything away from struggling Americans to Help Other Country's
Bailed out the Wall Street Billionaires that fleeced trillions from the American Middle Class. Couple billion for Puerto Rico is no big deal
That's what happens when liberals run things.
StatusPR says roughly 1 million people without water. We need to distribute millions of liters a day. Otherwise, disease epidemics likely.
Oh for God's sake!
The way he will help is a good test for a real leader
Country
Are you sure?#trump bankrupt golf course. Let me tell you Ivoted for you
The democrapes used this disaster to throw blame on President Trump! I'm thinking if investigated,the democrapes will be the cause failure .
agree  !
Donald Trump "bankrupted" a golf course in Puerto Rico, leaving taxpayers there on the hook for $33 million worth of debt. #cheetoface
Shut up you evil man! They are Americans you stupid fool!
Brain dead President
Praying for them."Where there is no vision, the people perish." Thanks for all of the help you have given.
not responsible for the stupidness of others. I think the President made it very clear that we will  be at their side until PR is rebuild.
So glad that people are speaking up to this pretender.

He has false patriotism. He never served. He has no idea what it means to serve
Are we really pulling out of UNESCO?
How about all your bankruptcies? What about thise tax returns? Americans in P.R. filed theirs..you consider yourself above all? God Complex.
Sad but true
They are living a HUMANITARIAN crisis not financial. People are DYING!
Get off twitter and DO SOMETHING! You're endangering the the people of America with the decisions you make. Puerto Rico hasn't survived.

Puert Rico hasn't survived the hurricane yet. The American people there are STILL fighting for survival. But don't let that stop you. SAD !!
Makes me wonder after serving and continue to serve if this is still called America....I wonder
a financial crisis that started because of the heavy taxes the mainland was putting on their island. Not like they had control over it!
Hoy más que nunca #PuertoRico , esta en buenas manos. #MAGA
Summary of the comments made by the good american fellows to this tweet "=". Thanks america!  @ricardorossello @RepJenniffer
I'm disabled and when he made fun of the disabled reporter I was done with him! He's a disgraceful President!
Start blocking all these asinine trolls that are disgusting. Liberalism is a mental condition for sure. They're still unable to deal w/ loss
They're gonna use this to rebuild what was not damaged in the hurricanes and take advantage of stupid Americans. PR is corrupt to the core.
Quick question if the island is such a burden why not give them their independence?  Get out and we can make Puerto Rico Great Again!
Maybe you should continue playing 2k in real life with their paper towels and supplies seemed to help them loads
Yeah, the teacher who pays taxes was thinking just that . How can I screw the economy ?hmm...
But a true disappointed of strangers that hated me any way with or without the reason to cause but very selfish in your own heart to follow
Mr. Trump what is wrong with you?  Please see a neurologist. I can't believe that you are actually so inhumane. Serious medical issue.
