GOD, HOW EMBERRASSING. 2 HAVE HIM REPRESENT THIS COUNTRY. THE LIAR. WE DIDNT VOTE 4 HIM 2 LOSE OUR HEALTHCARE OR 2 GIVE TAXBREAKS 2 THE RICH
You might want to look at the facts a lil harder mam he is not perfect but he is trying to help I'm thinking God bless you and yours
Than We Have 2 Agree 2 Disagree, But I Don't Believe He's Trying At All
He Keeps Deviding EveryoneFrom Dems 2 HRC 2 Obama 2 His Own Ppl
Welp I think the democrats need help nar does President Obama not to say I agree with everything President Trump does just give him a chance
But He Isn't Giving Us A Chance. He Keeps Talking Like He Is Still In Campaignmode. He Still Holds Rally's, HE WONMaybe Not Fair&SquareYet
Haoi
An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the… ...
#FakeNews was right again.
https://goo.gl/A8dmmM 
 'This deal will make me look terrible': Transcripts of Trump's  w Mexico & Australia
#FakeNews was right again
https://goo.gl/A8dmmM 
Transcripts of Trump's w Mexico & Australia, Trump says Australian PM call is unpleasant

The transcript is here.
#Trump called himself "world's greatest person"
He said refugees are "bad" ppl & in prison.
45, you are a total embarrassment when meeting with other world leaders. Not even in the same league or species.
The pathetic American president
What you're seeing with the 'Turnbull' grin is an #Aussie interpretation of 'ya bodgy tossa. Kangaroos loose in the top paddock' #auspol
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Great to see a great relationship between the USA & Australia. It's very important.
China number one
A man and a boy
Looking good awesome
@TurnbullMalcolm bring chase back home. Stop with the medical bullying. We want medical rights. we want choice. where is the love?
This is so embarrassing. You are just fawning over that clown. A more restrained approach would have been more in order.
But you treated him with such rude contempt.
Do you even know what the Battle of the Coral Sea was?
our dear president well come to shine on world by making relation and lovely dress
God have remember us to bring peace again on world by giving us superpower leader with greater love and think capacity are more important to
would you like me to be your personal spi
Trump is a She-male
you can see the female breast inside that white shirt trump your an old woman
Ahhhh.... good old Mildred Trumbull. What a great president.

What do you know about the Battle of the Coral Sea?
they have Universal Healthcare! you just admitted what Bernie Sanders wants is better! what a joke you are!

Ahh love the Australians
Love the down under people.  Always wanted to visit there
He does not know protocol, have manners or respect (for self or anybody else) or the ability to know he needs them.
@BBCr4today @BW
Please hang on until June. I have that month in the pool!

Mr President - working on movie script titled "The Madness of King Donald" - which actor do you recommend play @TurnbullMalcolm ?
Yes, Australia does have a better health plan than ours - universal coverage!
Turnbull you went deepthroat on him didn't you ?
You were supposed to shake hands....get more sleep dude, your head's not in the game, no stamina....
A little respect almost a little too late. Keep it up. Professional politicians smile in public & grimace in private.
All of the republicans tried to defeat and derail Trump. Which ones should he trust now?
DEMAND THE RESIGNATION OF JEFF SESSIONS!!!

HE LIED TO CONGRESS AND IS UNFIT TO BE ATTORNEY GENERAL
IMPEACH TRUMP!              OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!!
Wish you had asked him about the Barbers  the Bernie Medoc of Australia
Our President,building foreign relationships, just one more important step in the quest of MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. I am so proud of him!
They have a beautiful health Care system too, just like Canada. Lower costs per person than the USA and EVERYONE is covered.
fuck 特朗普
@Yerkers this is beautiful
Haha! We say you are smart men in Chinese.
Please talk some sense into our PM Trump about all these deals we are making with the chinese and Australians losing their jobs
Pres. Trump so happy you admitted publicly Australia has better health cafe than us! Why not adopt same single payer HC system? Hypocrite
Do you know anything about the Battke of the Coral Sea? Sir?
That awesome Australian health care! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!!!!!!!
Coral? That stuff that's disappearing due to climate change?
Keep him
He was laughing at you the entire time!  
Can you keep him please? 
Bammb you said right there that your Healthcare Plan sucks.hahahah
#cockholster
Did you shake his hand or did you 'Merkel' him? #SoCalledPOTUS #TheOrangePOTUS #TinyFingers
Two top class world leaders.
So what IS happening with the Muslim immigrants that Pres Obama promised Australia We'd Take back?and> I want No immigrants on Welfare/H.C.
Should have been my name, Mister Cellophane
'Cause you can look right through me
Walk right by me and never know I'm there
A much truer ally than Canada. Too much French influence in Canada.
We The Ppl Do Not Want Their Syrian Rapist Too Coward 2 Fight & R Rapist MEN with Smart Phones Stop Em!
pity him

He's going to jail soon, we apologize for all the stupid things he's said.
Do you realize that none of these world leaders respect you at all
Would love to know what was going thru Turnbulls head while having to sit next to Teflon Don
Quick! Which war? No fair asking Flynn.
My Dad ~GBNF~ served on the USS Itrepid. Your speech tonight had me in tears. Ty, Mr. President for caring as you do. God keep you, Sir.
DID YOU TELL HIM WHY HE COULDNT USE YOUR HOLSTER THAT IT BELONGS TO PUTIN
As an Australian I have to say if that roof collapsed on these two wrinkly white potatoes it wouldn't be a great loss to the world
Dear mr trump in Australia and in the USA their is Inhumane treatment violations of the Geneva convention violations of human rights
Both of you men as commanders in chief can help the people by shutting down the TI torture programs and banning the use of directed energy
Weapons haarp and other technologies on the people of your country
Here is to 99 more years Australia!!!
Sgreg
Why is he using terms like "long time" and "always"? He's only been president for a minute!
It's such an honor you made him wait for hours for you and you can't even remember the prime minister's name.
Our PM is the most indecisive PM in Australian history. We hate him!! Soft with Islam - hosted Ramadan the day after Orlando shooting!!!
@redbudacres Imagine Jeb Bush stealing the presidency from Ted Cruz and sabotaging repubs for 3 years until Clintons can win... #SuckInLimbo
That's the kind of mess we're in! The longer Turncoat stays, the more inevitable Bill #Rapist Shoreton wins the next election. #StuckInLimbo
You have more respect for Turncoat than we Aussies do! Please save us from the highest electricity bills in the world - end the Paris Scam!!
You could have "honored" him by remembering his name!
Too bad you didn't do something Great with Health Insurance!   But your ADMIN is too DUMB! Obama wanted this 8 years ago!
Looking sharp.More of that please.The GOP red tie/dark suit is getting so old.It is starting to look comical.Jazz it up with Melania's help.
Any refugees in Australia that we take need to go to safe havens in Syria or Iraq and not be brought to the US. Help & Keep them over there.
"As the expression goes" 
This is really what the majority of Americans that DIDN'T VOTE for this Traitor think of @realDonaldTrump
Boo Australia,yay America!USA,USA,USA!!!!Make America,America again!
Australia is a Liberal Global Country!It has outlawed Gun Ownership for it's Citizens!We don't want Socialized Medicine like them either.
No wall?
Yeah right!
i live ossiningny our town is overrun with immigrants. please help
Give us a lil power point on the significance of that 5-day battle.
Another world leader to laugh at ur boundless stupidity. #IMBECILE-IN-CHIEF
Please release your tax returns. In a world of alternative facts and fake news, it may assist us in taking you seriously.
Pity you hadn't guts enough to don a uniform when your time came. I don't count boarding school toy soldier time
That's remarkable
such an honor you left him hanging?
You must have studied up. You know about the Coral Sea Battle but didn't know about Douglas or Jackson. Kinda of embarrassing....
Stop with the crap...why would you welcome a buffoon to Australia and say it is an honor?...sad state of affairs
Douche.
45,haven't seen your tweet congratulating PresidentObama on his Profile in Courage Award and his inspirational speech, hope I didn't miss it
Give Trump a break - he is receiving the "Profiles in Orange" Award - also tonight - at this slightly smaller venue
A nice change from when you called him and tried to back out of the deal to vet their refugees.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT IS!
For the stupid train to the gay bay
The gov. Brown is something else. What does he do with the tax money we already pay for roads and repair.  He what's that
#SallyYatesIsAPATRIOT
Hope you apologized for your hissy fit of a phone call in January. You are a fraud.
Thank you admitting universal healthcare is the way to go. And you did that when you complemented the president Australia
Thank you for admitting that Universal Health care in conjunction with Private Insurance is better than what we have.Your AHCA will b worse
"People who fought in WW2 saw horrible things?" 
Worse than bone spurs on their tootsies?!
Lucía Rodríguez & her bodyguard live in Australia.Her father is Chief of criminal paramilitaries in CCS,VZLAhttps://youtu.be/QKGLTuWreOQ
Can't Hang Up On Him Now?
"Which we won. Without their help. I was there. There was dancing in Hawaiian streets. Obama wasn't their. He can't be American. I won."
Like you know what the Battle of the Coral Sea is, ha! How did Lincoln feel about that one?
Trumps tweet 30 minutes after learning about the battle of the coral sea for the first time and deciding andrew jackson was key in winningit
You seriously need to hire a better videographer and social media manager..
.....he called him "Turnbrell" , got almost 5 minutes into the speech before (incorrectly) mentioning his name. Murdoch and Norman came 1st
@ClarenceHouse @KensingtonRoyal @Number10gov 

Intelligent reports told about Muroroa atols, Royal Highness which Jaws usually live there!
I want Orca coordinates to @PacificCommand @SenJohnMcCain & @IDFSpokesperson 

Which Jaws's territories?
Confirm to Duterte, please!
My boy, General Mac Arthur, the 5 stars general also confirmed to Duterte after TPP!
If Aung agreed, Madamn takes over!
This's an order!
My question in Cold War is:

Do you ever see or sea, Prince of Whales's mother?
Her name is Mama Orca

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_Elizabeth-class_aircraft_carrier …
Inchong is not Mama Orca level!
Too small; just like seals in the ocean, Orca Whales says from Clarence House!

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_Elizabeth-class_aircraft_carrier …
As is usual & becoming expected, you were a complete embarrassment. Sad! #ImpeachTrump
You're doing great work I like how your streamlining the government getting rid of the waste and Corruption spending..
Heroin addicts get the morphine from the drug treatment programs n sell it They stay in these programs 4  30 years n never stop using heroin
They have the best health care. It's a beautiful system. Bigly successful!
You might want to check your environmental policies #45 as they are killing that beautiful, beautiful sea. When do the refugees come here?
