.@realDonaldTrump @marthamaccallum @FoxNews Martha won't interrupt you 9x in 3 minutes like Dem hack Lester Holt
Dear Mr. President, persecution God's name is a blessing. You are blessed. But please drop a bomb on Hollywood.
I will be in your viewage (bite the sewage) at 7pm. (and chewy!)
Fox News? No shit President Sherlock.
I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!...
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Luck Be With You
foxENTERTAINMENT
No thanks, so much lying
You may want to check that she didn't get thrown out with the trash before you call the marines.
#Russia

When in Harrisburg please visit Camp Hill State prison..horrible condition! Graterford state prison In PA bad real bad. Prisoners need u too
My brother was a CO at Graterford. He sustained mortal injury while Alone with prisoners!  Never called Police!
S'matter snowflake? Need a safe space? No one watches that garbage. No ratings. Sad
Who cares
why Fox News the only Channel you like, is it because they lie about you and they kiss your butt
Who is this William labot ????? He is really stupid
Go back to your private life if u miss it so much!
I DON'T CARE.
My TV will be on another station.. please really care about our country..
Mr.President you seem to have an evil spitit,I am 76 years old and it seems that way to me.
now THAT is fake news... Go to a real station and answer real questions.
Enjoy!
I'll be sure to let the two people that give a shit know.
Yeah, stick to doing interviews with your safe place. They won't ask you any questions about things you have said that you don'twant to talk
Enjoy?  Get real.  The Failing Fox News!  No one watches Fox News
Why not try another outlet. Asides Fox? Scared? Afraid you'll have to answer, avoid answering or shut down another interview? Cowardly
Propaganda.
If you are a good boy, maybe they will give you a gold star!! #dumpTrump
For god sake your representing our country. 
Fixed news. Your a liar and don't even know it.
I would rather hear him talk about how he won, than hear Hillary put the blame on anyone or anything except herself. She is unfit!
Not watching!!
Interviews with you suck. You never address questions and just rant on about what you want to.

Fake news
Who cares?
Not possible.  You are too lame.
Buah! Fox News makes me wanna puke. Good thing I missed your soft-ball interview.
Fox News is not technically a news station. It's classified as an entertainment business.

Martha is awesome!  I hope some of the other media will follow the lead of Ainsley & Martha & foxnews better be nice to them & keep them.
LOL...Fox? U mean the network that discriminates against women and treats them like sexual objects? Right up your field eh Donald?
Gag me.
Guess I missed this,let us know sooner...can't watch Fox all day.....I watch anytime I know you are going to be on tho,I'm your biggest Fan
Who gives a crap!
Softball Questions!!
Your ego is so big it is amazing.  Enjoy??  Wow!
Who cares?!?  #FOXISFAKENEWS
Sorry I need to scrub my garbage cans
AG Yates is about to testify. You really should consider resigning now to avoid adding to the embarrassment you've already endured
Can we expect more history lessons about the civil war? you really seem to know what you're talking about! #idiotpresident
Nobody cares
Suck it trump!
I'd rather rub car shit in my hair
Support you. Do something about conservative repubs and fight dems. Can't watch news even FOX.
Oh on the Fake News Station
You run to Fox @FoxNews because they are the ONLY saps that will let you spew lies. And I'm sure that's because you PAY them.
Fox News? It doesn't surprise me.
bat,bat,bat  where the hell is THAAD for japan?
Try not to grab her by the pussy, ok?
Great! More material for the comedy writers!
When your on I turn the channel as you literally make me nauseous.
dang...missed it
Fox News is fake
Enjoy?
You must be the dumbest perdon to ever set foot in the whitehouse! You should resign!
自带瓜子花生来围观，后排小板凳
Who........cares!
Another executive from fox resigns in disgrace  and you still don't have a clue.
滚犊子
Who gives a fuck
FOX news = FAUX news = FAKE news

.. Google it
wow, another paid post, old man?!
Yes state news interview you go get your ass kissed after you got embarrassed by CBS interview.
We'd enjoy it if we get to see you being impeached during the interview
I did enjoy and laughed my ass off at your 4th grade literacy. Hilarious
You should allow Stephen Colbert to interview you... Mr. PresiDunce.
Fox News?  fake news, Grand Slam, softball questions. Nonexistence would be my preference, can't stand this maggot.
Would have loved to been working on your campaign, or in your cabine,to dumb to know they're making off like Bandits.. Frank & Jesse James
Hi sir I as well as many others need your help disabled scared an don't understand why Im being pushed around after 29 yrs Im not being help
Would you PLEASE stop being a shrill for Fox?!!
Hahahahah poor trump knows nothing of the country he leads. vacuous statements from a brainless man. 
@POTUS @WhiteHouse So, FOXNEWS SUCKS,  FOXNEWS SUCKS,  FOXNEWS SUCKS!!!
More softball questions that can't even be understood by Fox viewers to begin with. Oh wait, you like that part!
How about be a man and take your words to ABC, NBC, CNN, etc? Afraid they are smart and will trip you up ?
Fox news; You mean Tass?
build the wall don't give into dems the people will stand by your side #lovemypresident
please don't give into the Dems that stupid bill which gives us nothing we want time to stand up
and NO to Paul Ryan's Healthcare  he needs to go
one FAKE NEWS you actually watch
I would enjoy never seeing your face again. That I would - Enjoy!
I will watch a rerun of M.A.S.H
He will come up with Trump tv, to interview himself.... #trumptvnot
Stop with the 'bad' 'terrible' 'sick' 'horrible' endings on your tweets.  makes you like more childish than you are. better yet, stop tweets
Remember USS Donald Cook, as the Russians come to Carl Vincient.
now that is fake news
Ugh! Don't you wish you hadn't advertised that interview? So embarrassing for you.
cannt stand her  another Mygan,in making
grabbing by the pu.... you and foxnews are same
Trump: Are you ever interviewed by real journalists?
Where's the funding for the wall?
Ah, another fact-free opportunity to make it up as you go along.  I invoke the 25th Amendment. Time to take out the trash.
@DT- SMH
Enjoy what more lies
Why would anyone watch?  Just more manipulation and propaganda from the unfair and unbalanced Fox news.
Fake news!
Your elimination of environmental regulations is shortsighted and criminal.  You are despised.
AMERICA HAS A BULLY APPROACH IN THE EAST THAT THEY USE NUCLEAR WEAPONS AGAINTS JAPAN FOR ITS SURRENDER FOR THE 1ST 
TIME AS ITS OWN POWER.
will be watching!
Don't you have some kind of Communications Director to shill for you.  You know, like a freaking grown up?
Fake news
I see the situation has escalated by adding another major.  It's now has potential to be a major, major conflict.
Fox is your bubble. Take off the rose colored glasses, and you'll see reality. Most of us hate you.
On "Fake News!" (Fox News) "We lie; You decide!" : Another blonde - bimbo (Maccallum) and liar (Trump) perfect combination! @MSNBC @CNN
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/708045086135881728 …

The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty & dumb
YOUR CONTEMPT FOR THE RULE OF LAW AND THE NORMS OF GOVERNMENT MAKE YOU UNSUITABLE AND UNFIT TO HOLD THE OFFICE OF POTUS!!!
Ever thought of doing some actual WORK instead of getting fluffed daily by #FoxNews?

#25thAmendment #russiagate #Emoluments #nepotism
I don't enjoy you or Fox News. You and Fox are both FAKE.
Pass
his man openly admits to grabbing pussies of women.....would you leave him alone with your daughter?
Coward..seeing the toadies??
#fauxfox
Obamacare is BY FAR better than TRUMPCARE which refuses to guarantee pre-existing conditions.  Nearly EVERYONE has a pre-existing condition.
