we need to get the liberal agenda removed from our schools!
dump Common Core please Mr. President!
so spend more money on public school instead of bombs.
our president can't even spell "hereby" - our education is in dire straits.
Pub ed is in dire straits with teachers dismissing studnts to protest and they don't even know what they're protesting
get rid of common core
To bad you don't have a fair knowledgeable Secy Education the fact you're at a private Catholic school says it all. Sad!
God Bless you Mr President
on your way to Mar a lago.
@marcorubio oh, and look at that! Gov. Prick Scott and little Marco Rubio!  EVIL threesome planned for later?
Mar a lago is a de facto "dead drop" who else is in the neighbourhood
SIGN THIS PETITION, SENATOR CHARLES SCHUMER MUST RESIGN! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/immediately-investigate-senator-charles-schumer-regards-child-sex-abuse-accusations-and-ties-russia-and-putin …
Yes!!
#DraftDodger
why don't you start with hiring a competent secretary.  #pathetic #TheResistance #AntiTrump #Sosad #trumpsanidiot
So how do you plan to do that? By cutting funding for education and the arts? By cutting public television and libraries?
What about public schools? What is wrong with you? Why didn't you go to PS1-700+ in NYC?
. All schools that has been used to divide a society and teachers have not been doing their job we have to do it for them
We should have "fixed" it when you were in school...perhaps, we wouldn't be a global embarrassment. #NotSmart
@POTUS You do realize that ED is in charge of public edu? Where are rural/poor children taking your dumb voucher?  SAD!!!
You can’t even spell. What was that about education?
.@realDonaldTrump maybe you shouldn't have nominated a braindead bank account to head up education then, you twatwaffle
Shouldn't have chosen that dillhole DeVos then!
trying to tell the truth would be a place to start 
if you meant that you wouldn't have let @BetsyDeVos buy her position. #SwampPeople
spelling class, yo
good job mr. President
give us clear cut examples as to how u Goin fix it instead of silly blanket statements. We already know it needs to be fix
Hope U get something good done befor U R IMPEACHED.
are you embarassed that 3rd graders spell better than you do 44.5?
Well I feel better knowing that a bearphobic woman and a guy that can't spell hereby are on the case.
With Devos?? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
.@realDonaldTrump Agree.
. @FullFrontalSamB @realDonaldTrump hereby for fuck's sake #hesamoroon
ummmm...you meant m-o-r-o-n? You got the "f" bomb right, though...what a child

Yeah, when you have to go to so much trouble to explain a # , it ain't working for ya..
pretty sure Kashian's 24K followers got her moroon reference Ms 19 followers
And the # of followers matters because...?
some of the 24k didn't get it and I splained but didn't get defensive about it. Therin lies the difference between them & you
We can improve our education system by being sure that creationism is not taught in public schools, @realDonaldTrump. It's still happening.
it should be
it shouldn't ever be taught in schools. Save that shit for the church.
or big bang whatever
big bang theory? Yes, feel free to teach that it is one of many accepted possibilities
but to teach a religious belief with no actual scientific base is not for school
no different than teaching science that can be flawed by humans
"science can be flawed" is different than "made up in a book". Keep religion to the church




True to his promise? Like sexually assaulting women? Is that what you're thanking him for??
Do some research. Multiple accusations.
Like Bill Clinton?
yes, an parochial schools are NOT the answer.
yes they are!
so, you believe in religious education paid by all tax payers? Sounds like the Taliban  @realDonaldTrump
We already have "religious education" paid for by tax payers. Darwinistic evolution is taught as fact despite the massive flaws.
The Facts of Evolution are scientifically based, not based on religious faith.
Our kids are the future! We need to put morals, God, and love of country back in our school systems!
uh, not the God part. Yanno... Constitution... Separation of church & state and all... School isn't church
- Don't forget the 4 big lies kids r taught in schools. 1. Evolution. 2. Slavery history censorship of real story. 3....
@TakeThatDarwin @realDonaldTrump Evolution? C'mon man. The evidence is everywhere.
- You like millions more got conned. There is NO evidence at all. Speculation, smoke and mirrors + dishonest news.
Really? No evidence you say. Maybe you should give the bible a rest and read some biology. Evidence everywhere.
- Huge problem with your response. I don't use the Bible for dismissing the hoax of evolution. Science is plenty.
ToE is still nothing to do with abiogenesis, so that's still a false assertion. 
Try again.
@TakeThatDarwin @randalusa @0ut4aRip
How are you going to do that with @BetsyDeVos in charge?
It's called the free market..
Congratulations on writing the dumbest reply possible.
Letting families choose what is best for their children is dumb? Obviously you have no children.
I have children. Some in public, some in charter. This is still ridiculous.
Do you even know what we are talking about? You should be for my argument then.
yes, and I am not. Her voucher system is going to kill public schools.
If the school is not meeting the needs of the children it should fail.
We need to be reassured that common core and Islam lessons and Islam prayer are taken out of public school like you told us you would do.
Lol Islam lessons
What is it about Florida being Trumps safe zone! A private school really? I didn't get it!
How about attending a inner city public school that really could use money and support and recognition!
I have not paid much respect to Bush the Father and I hope that I will surrender to this great man
Penn Community Deeply Embarrassed by President-Elect Alumnus | News | Philadelphia Magazine
Start with Eric
To fix the education system, we must start with recording what is being taught in the classroom  then have the PTA review it then challenge
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. htt...

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
Says the one who cuts funding for education
Lets put cameras in the classrooms and have the PTA watch the video and see what is being taught, is it radical and do their children behave
A federal court approved a $25 million settlement  on Tuesday with students who said they were duped by Donald Trump and his now-defunct Trump University, which promised to teach them the  "secrets of success" in the real estate industry.  Betsy DeVoss?  Way to go.
Another deceptive photo-op that will not fool anyone!
..when you are pictured w/black people, it's "fix our education". honey, YOU need to be fixed & educated. don't use black people as pawns.
You wouldn't know what that is. Enough! Sick of your actions and lies.
Yeah you do. Start by firing Betsy Devos.
the only way to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain is to get a different President (hint: NOT tRUMP or #PresidentBannon)
. Well 8yrs a very short time to wait. And who will replace him? Pelosi, Schumer, Booker, Warren? NO ONE.
ANYONE would be an improvement! Really. It's a pretty low bar. ANYONE.
. That's too bad. @HillaryClinton didn't cut it. It pretty much took your smart argument. Just blame  Russia
have you ever considered taking an extended vacation from Breitbart & Rush Limbaugh & instead doing some critical thinking?
.  @realDonaldTrump was a result of awesome critical thinking. Breitbart & Rush are awesome folks. I only needed common sense
Breitbart, Rush Limbaugh, common sense don't belong in same sentence--their track records 4 #facts very low.
. Of course you will say that. That's expected from anti-trump. They have more common sense than you & HRC.
Amen! This is where the healing begins. Start with teaching ALL American history, not a twisted portion.  #prayer&pledge2!
I feel staff need more skills
I'm far from needing help not all people learn the same way
I could redo education they just will never do it
starting with you. #learning #learn to read # learn to write # learn to spell correctly
u need to study Dyslexia @realDonaldTrump
are you implying that djt has dyslexia?
Maybe so
Wait, what? You hire a person that has never seen a public school (Betsy DeVos) and you want to FIX the education system?
we at the Department of Education have full faith in Secretary DeVos.
I got a easy fix teach multi sensory teach social skills and a vocation
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
.@realDonaldTrump How about giving the same amount of money to public schools in poor neighborhoods as public schools in rich neighborhoods?
watch waiting on superman
pro tip, if you push your hands closer to the camera, they will appear larger.
make sure you only go to private achools...the public ones are probably full of your enemies.
I know... put someone in charge that can't spell and knows nothing about the education system.
Dyslexics don't learn the same methods
America will never be great with you running the show
then why the hell did you DeVose as Secretary of Education?!
with that excuse for an Education Secretary!!?? 
liar impeach
Well, Idaho just removed climate change from our science program, so if you could help with that not happening...
please don't destroy it further!
@BetsyDeVosED Vouchers will only hurt Education even more. Public Schools have been shamefully neglected for too long
Yes especially in South Texas. Keep illegals out and focus on American citizens. Tired of footing their bill.
@SarahHuckabee woman to woman: you are better than this
@SarahHuckabee President Trump, how about visiting the public schools in Florida?  Then you can begin making America great!
you are a very sick man
Not everyone can afford to send their children to private schools. My taxes should be used for pay public schools.
It's to allow to choose the better public school
@SarahHuckabee Did you read to the kids?
We pay our taxes for PUBLIC SCHOOLS!  Not for religious indoctrination!
Then why did U appoint devos? Oh, for profit. To hell w the kids. #IlligitimateElection #IlligitimatePresident #NewElection
@AJMcGuire4
Viuchers, Charters, using public funds 4 private schools NOT GID FOR UR children; especially low income families!
Mr President. My husband is retiring from the army. We are coming to D.C., and would love the chance to
what do you know he found some black people to put in his photograph #whatwillurparentssay after all they are KKK
n9 one in that picture will do. #DOOVER
@SenRubioPress Senator saw U on Meet t Press After Pres Trumps tweet tirade please please call for independent counsel 
yes
by getting rid of GOP & Trump from DC
do your damn job!
he's done more then O done in 8 years
America was great before u got to White House
Sad little photo op for you and your empty-headed SEC Ed.
REALLY
Education and medical are basic needs/rights for any citizen. The fix should make every American kid a Graduate and above
nice stop before your weekend away
and Betsy DeVos is your answer to making our education system great?  Dafuq?!?
Need to ban "social restructuring" & get back to the 3-R's!!
Let's start by getting you the "Hooked on Phonics" program.
@BetsyDeVosED  Education is pretty great in Pasadena ISD!  Come see us in Texas!  Keller Middle school would love a visit!
Dont see any kids in this pic wondered why?
- School Vouchers are not a fix. Public education matters.
it's a simple fix focus on basics and on proper social skills and a vocation
He is like so many people who show up at school- i.e. State Dept of Ed ppl for a day and then know it all!
Bad choice for education secretary if you truly believe that
why isn't @KellyannePolls sitting on the table on her feet for that pic? #disrespecttoovaloffice
@BetsyDeVosED Promoting the false narrative that American education is broken is just your way of privatizing it for profit
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Stop Using The Slogan Make America Great Again. America Was Great Before You. Your The Ones Screwing Up America.
we must fix our education system so that people like you can spell words like "hereby" and "tap" properly. Very very #sad!
insane
We've already spent $10 million on you coming to Florida. Will spend the next 10 million on Florida schools. #Idiot
public education systems like mine in @WylieISD are doing an excellent job. You should take the time to visit sometime!!
I remember someone else told something like this, if I'm not wrong was 4 my friends: Adolf, Benito, Francisco and Iosif 
Really?
DeVos can do that! LOL
#NOTINWALL
remove commoncore and remove all forces music programs
Forced
Claes Nobel,grandnephew of Alfred Nobel-"Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi's discovery brings genuine hope to mankind"
even pre schoolers could tell you this shit. Why don't u use twitter to tell us something useful or how your going to do it
What is your plans.
YES AND HAVE A WOMAN IN CHARGE THAT HAS NO IDEA WHAT SHE IS DOING!!  I say BULLSHIT FAKE PREZ
Maybe shouldn't have picked DeVos then huh? I mean your actions have shown the opposite of improving education
you could've fixed the education system by appointing someone who actually HAS the knowledge in education. Not that
and when it is fixed maybe you should get some education yourself!
Saint Andrew performed part of his considered sacred Christian duties in what is now Russia!
I'd investigate anyone talking shit about the President.
not by funding religious schools, u better fix public schools
Diverting public schools funds to private schools is NOT how you fix them, it only destabilizes public schools.
@SarahHuckabee how about not getting rid of the department of education would be a start.
Well you can start by teaching science in science class again instead of theology/philosophy as in intelligent design.
@SenRubioPress if you are serious about education you would #dumpDeVos and get someone me qualified.
hiring DeVos isn't the way to go about it. She LITERALLY bought a cabinet position from you.
too bad you picked the wrong person to do it.

you can't spell the word tap. Stupid people will always be stupid.
why should making America be great again just be left to kids? #DanglingModifier
@SarahHuckabee American never stopped being great! Your lies and Russian connections are working hard to bring it down
have an idea - put DeVos in charge of deconstructing our education system!!  Winning!!  #resistandpersist #notmypresident
666666
Get an education secretary that actually knows what they are doing instead of a charlatan donor.
looks like idiot in chief needs 2 go back 2 school! SAD, cant spell simple words or use in correct context!
Ur not going fix it with Devos who BOUGHT her position. SHE KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT EDUCATION. She's as disgusting as Smellyann
I keep waiting on a call over housing crisis in nevada
A plan that will only benefit the rich so they get vouchers to send their kids to private schools. It's all about money
after seeing your atrocious spelling and grammar errors, I don't think private schools are the way to go #FundPublicSchools
That means pumping billions into education. As US is already bankrupt, where will you get the funds?
your destroying our education system ! Public school is underfunded and you want to give our tax to charter!!? Shame!
#please fix our kids lunches back Michelle Obama killed it look for your self on how much food is being thrown in the trash
