There's nothing beautiful about treason, Jim Crow, or slavery.
They were great men of their time, unfair to judge them by today's standards. No historical figure could withstand that scrutiny
They were seditious losers.
This country was founded on the right to self govern. They followed in the founders footsteps
Tell that to the slaves they fought to keep.
Lee freed the slaves he had inherited. He didn't care for slavery.
Bullshit. He used an arcane loophole to keep them. And allowed his armies invading Penn to capture and enslave soldiers and civilians.
I call bullshit
Folks concerned that taking down statues equals erasing history
will be delighted to learn about books. #FakePresident
You Still Have Loyal Supprters Mr. President! 
Yes he does! Great job Mr President! All those who don't appreciate how good u have it in America, leave!!
The Constitution supports MY America. So YOU'll have to find YOUR own country.. YOU and your hood wearing comrades can find the door
Lol Im not the one complaining about living here like all u  low lifes that criticize the president are. U don't appreciate America, leave!

This moron is actually president sad.  Very sad
I know it's not a popular position, but I appreciate exactly where you're coming from, you , ALL of her, even her non beautiful parts
People can see them in museum settings where the history can also be honestly presented along with them. One stop to see them all, per area!
Actually my issue is.....who says where all this PC cleansing ends? Landscape Blank....people blank....everything must be uniform
Nothing wrong with redecorating for the ages. Out with the old, in with the new.
It's actually you ripping apart this Country . Keep pandering to your 30% base.Thats all the love your going to get.
Do you know *anything* about the Civil War? Like starting with what it even was??
#25ththe45th
You're a travesty & a wicked man against humanity, I am ashamed of you. This is not the America non-racists want #RepubliKlan #ImpeachTrump
Thank you Mr President
Only a racist like you would see beauty in statues of traitors and racist. They are not history or culture they are propaganda
Trump-a disgrace to this Nation. You support white supremacy groups - groups that would have your daughter & grandchildren wear these. SICK
Dear mr trump unite America and humanity by announcing release of suppressed tech new healing tech to ease pain help PTSD to help people
Walk again cures limb regrowth tech to help all amputees
As a white American, no part of my "culture" involves the Confederacy.  Put the statues in a museum where they belong.

In case you forgot Trump.
Dude just stop talking already
There is nothing beautiful about hate.  History out not.  It was not pretty.  They should have been taken down long ago
Or*
There will be no statues of you.
I pray hard no library
A portable library made of wood, on the side of a country road w/a book of all his stupid tweets, bad interviews & illiterate ramblings.
Sad to see our own Republicans not saying a peep about this! They should be fighting the Marxist Dems tooth and nail. We are the majority!
#heritage
btw, there will never be a statue of you anywhere, except in your own house. no presidential library, because you can barely read.
. Statues aren't history, the are symbols of a bad time in US history. As a direct descendant of Gen Lee, a museum is best
Those monuments are a symbol of defeat!!! # the south lost the war!!
LeRn why to know the facts. As our Pres u should understand this.
Sad to see what you're doing to create an awful history&culture for your Children&Grandchildren!
Help @IvankaTrump & @jaredkushner
It's being ripped apart by you and president bannon.
History's not erased. It still exists in books/museums, racism isn't being HONORED. You want statues? Civil Rights, Scientists, Hate victims
Sad to see LIAR & FAKE president spreading racial nonsense that should be prohibited by his brain - SAD he has NO BRAIN!
I see your father was successful in raising a fool
You should buy them and put them in your apartment, it would look great
#trumpignorantfuck are you serious!
Trump signed an EO to remove national parks, but is fighting tooth and nail to keep statues of Robert E. Lee.
"Beautiful?" They are symbols of a society in which one group of people thought it was acceptable to own another group of people!
comrade #traitor Trump, the only thing ripping our culture & democracy apart is you & your treasonous, racist, bigoted behavior #Impeach45
If you're dumb enough to think The Monuments Must Go,
you deserve what happens when "the constitution must be burned"!
#MAGA
Sad to see our country being ripped apart & experiencing pre civil rights era racial division because of a racist POTUS
Horrifying that an American president publicly supports white supremacists & is now making the case to preserve symbols of slavery
POTUS declaring traitors and secessionist like Robert Lee and Stonewall Jackson did George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, shameful!
A history lesson is necessary 4 u 2 understand the distinct and glaring difference! But, defending ur Ku Klux Klan buddies seems primary
Soak it in, supremacists, nazis, racists, & bigots are losing their minds cheering for you right now, enjoy the adulation from your base!
No! Absolutely not, not "pastor" insults someone and or labels someone! That is ridiculous to me!
The Bishop has it right.
Lamenting the loss of the "beauty" of idols erected to worship men who got where they got fucking other people over is so on brand for you.
I might build a statue of you just so people can tear it down. It will, of course, be cheaply made & hollow.
And orange.
And with tiny hands
And an even smaller penis.
I almost added that, but wasn't sure of the company I was in 
Speak your mind, we might not all be friends here but we are united by one common enemy
When we protested against his possible visit to the U.K. we chanted:
Tiny hands, tiny feet. All Trump does is tweet, tweet, tweet
Once leftism has been defeated.we should round up all you traitors and execute the lot of you so we can all live in harmony and peace!!!
put them back
Idiot

I guess we should have a statue of Bin Ladin in Manhattan too so we don't forget 9/11! #STUPIDLogic
9/11 memorials. It is not about forgetting today, but history will repeat itself is tomorrow it is forgotten
Honor those that fought, died, survived, & struggled against assaliants, not the assaliants. Build statues to slaves, abolishionists, unity
For some reason, those protesting the Confederate Army fail to mention that whites and black fought as free men side by side for the south.
BTW there is no longer a Confederate army. That's not what people are protesting. How would u protest an army that was defeated 150+ yrs ago
Why are people protesting a man dead 100+ years ago. He is no longer leading a nonexistent Confederate Army. & no people are not protesting
All soldiers in the Confederate Army. Only selective soldiers. Hence the hypocrisy. The black soldiers were fighting to maintain
Do something about it president Trump quit talking about it and watching history go down the tubes.
Rafael
TIME TO GET RID OF STATUES THAT REMIND US OF AMERICAS UGLY PAST!
Sad to see the history nd culture of this great country being ripped apart by Donald Trump.
While White Supremicist Nazi's were marching in the streets these young men died serving our country
And while the same young men/women were dying for their country, #Antifa burned the American flag over and over again.
Laurie, What you just tweeted is called. "Whataboutism"---it's a Russian propaganda technique.
And burning the flag is a sign of protest, not treason. It has been since forever
Who killed free speech?
well this is awkward!
Well how about you, put a stop to it. And stop being bullied by, Sharpton, who by the way ows a few million $ in back taxes.
Put the Southern Heritage back were it was.
We WHITE PEOPLE FEEL THE SAME IN THE NEW SOUTH AFRICA OF NELSON MANDELA!#whitegenocide
The teacher is basically the left wing of the Democratic Party, left the media to open the black and Chuan Pu. Take the opportunity to strike the US priority policy.1
Yet today you ILLEGALLY scaled back national Native American monuments for no apparent reason other than you’re a power crazy racist. Someone will put an end to your rein of terror on this planet soon.
But you will let our national parks be ruined by greedy oil corporations.

You can't claim youre a Christian and support Trump. That makes you Christian In Name Only.

Any true Christian would not be able to align themselves with someone who's every behavior is contrary to teachings and principles of Christ. And you're a black woman too? Sellout.
Indeed, how dare people try to erase history by removing statues?
Why not remove statue of malcom x just out of interest?
You can’t debate with stupid!!!
Statues like this one?
LMAO!!!
They're covering many of the remaining confederate statues in the South with tarps. Don't forget the eye holes. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Well they need to cover all of Martin Luther King's statues also if that's the case oh yeah and don't forget the holes in the eyes.
Why so?
A proclaimed Christian @realDonaldTrump why does your actions show that you only attack and belittle others? You do not show any leadership!
More fake news. Beautiful statues and monuments abound and not in danger. Racist, hate inspired monuments need to go, like you. #ResistHate
Do you try to be this thick-headed or is it just your natural state? 1950 called. They want their racist ideas back. And your hair. Please.
in a MUSEUM or Confederate CEMETERY. We do not need2 relive the Civil War or slavery. We will not forget those hateful times. We learned.(2)
No what's sad @realDonaldTrump real, is that a brain damaged child rapist like you is not in prison, thats whats sad.
I hate it too. It's such a waste. The world is falling apart. These communists r crazy
You say this because you have no knowledge of our history and what these confederate status and monuments immortalize. You're simple minded!

Yet bulldozing sacred Native American grave sites to build pipelines in no biggie?
DT refered to the "beautiful statues and monuments" as his. He's a Yankee. Must mean he's a WS.
Except that these statues were erected, mostly, to support Jim Crow and served as head-on-spike warning to blacks. Not celebratory.

The man arrested for shooting at the Unite the Right rally is an imperial wizard of the K.K.K. http://nyti.ms/2vojgvx 

Trump is just plain awful at this job. 

It's time. 

#TrumpResign #TrumpMustResign
Most ignorant people don't know true history nor do they investigate backgrounds!That's why they chose scumbags like Obama and Hillary.
Are you insane
does that mean in the future when Your golden Name is ripped down from your buildings that we 'erase' this time of You?? #NotMyPresident
@ManMountain78R3 Your are up against complete idiots they are no different than Hitler.
BISHOP U MUST B REFERRNG 2 RACIST EX-PREZ OBOZO
 DENIES HIS MOTHR & DENIES HES 1/2 WHITE 4 POLITICL GAIN
OBOZO IS RACIST

HE HATES WHITE MOM
That's not true, he said their are 2 sides to every story
Well make you a deal! Remove yourself from office & the statues can stay until we get Obama back!
1. General Lee was against monuments to the Confederacy, only graves for those who died.
You are tearing the country apart. If you had a shred of love or regard for the U.S. you would resign or stop saying divisive things.
sad our great country is being ripped apart by the insertion of a disgusting old relic.
I agree ! This has gotten out of control and it won't stop until you do something about it

It's too bad Don that you are in the KKK, can you tell your clan buddy's  to just go to school! They need education! Real bad!!!!!!
Donald, you have absolutely no sense of history. You are an extremely limited man who offers our country nothing.
Sad to see our great country, "led" by an ignorant, heartless, deceitful fool, sink into demise by a grifter whose moral center is a void.
Sounds like you're talking about Barack Obama.
Mar a Logo will get torn down someday.

Why is it always your happiness at someone else expense #45 u r very selfish @BLMNational
The rest of America is sad to see the progress we've made and our culture being destroyed by an orange dictator with tiny hands.
It's not right
You idiot!  You are a racist pig!
Those are monuments to soldiers of the CSA honey, not the USA. They are not "our" history. Our side won.
Racist!! R u orange today? Or your 70 year old hair is orange blonde.  Now that is FAKE
Too bad u didn't feel the same when u ordered the pipeline through Native American land, but I guess u only care abt slave owning racists
About Charlottesville: Ivanka, Jared, and their children are Jews. How can you not denounce anti-semitism & white supremacy?
Mr. President use the law against these criminals use the law now
You need to stop this.  Our history may not be fabulous but it's there to learn from to make us better.  Please stop this mess!
We should put up more naked Trump statues. Who took those down?
Monuments of men who fought to tear this country apart and keep an entire race enslaved... you are truly disturbed and inadequate
Ever hear of the Berlin Wall? People knocked it down decades ago but people still remember that part of history.
Idiot
We will not abandon you but I will vote for a democrat if the rinos continue to not support you!
Every DAWG has its Day!
All you see is their artistry and not their meaning? Your racism astonishes.
@GeneralJFKellly PLEASE do anything within your power to rein in this madman in our White House! @realDonaldTrump
Well, Do something about it. You're the president; Don't you have SOME power?
Slavery is culture? I guess that to you it is.
Don't talk
Yours will never be torn down because you'll never have one unless you pay for it yourself. RESIGN.
I hope you understand one day. The bible says the 1st will be last and the last will be 1st. So do the math. The bible os fulfilling
The American people deserve a answer .
RepubliKKKan.
Do what they do at all. We all take actions good or bad We are to blame for are wrongs. A gun doesn't make a killer we make that choice.

President Trump you need to sign an executive order to leave these statues alone or take down all Martin Luther King propaganda.
WE NEED LOVE NOT HATE !!!
Your not reading history.  Lee was fighting for state rights against federal rule.  Is that what you want? Federal rule and no state rights?
Evidently some people DON'T know history
So sad to see that people don't want monument to TRAITORS to our country. History is learned from books but we know you can't read so
#uglyman
Trump was elected by a majority of US people. There are other countries to live in?
Does that include The Apaches?
This is what ripped apart looks like. Not preserving memory of human rights violators is something else entirely!
As someone else tweeted, if a man kidnapped Ivanka & sold sold her to serve someone, where would you want his statue erected? 5th Avenue?
What will be next? This is ridiculous.  Dump all in the ocean including MLKs
The city of Rome was built by slaves, liberals, were is the outrage??
Don't let be!
The hottest take: Complaining about tearing this country apart while defending statues of the guy who literally tore this country apart.
So sad that the afghanis took down the statue of Saddam Hussein. It was such a beautiful monument. Now nobody will remember terrorism.

They can't rip God, Family and Country from EACH AND EVERYONE that voted for Trump. This is where they lose .
I just...the confederacy was an act of treason...yet somehow theyre allowed to build monuments to celebrate traitors...ur honoring losers...
Please resign. Supporting hate groups, fear mongering, violence, genocide... disgusting. What r u going to say to your Jewish grandchildren?
why is it that we are standing by?
Yeah like the removal of Hitlers statues and one's of human oppression in Germany and that beautiful history too right?
I really hope America doesn't allow you to rip it apart.
its sad that you don't know right from wrong and good from evil  SAD indeed
Remember that beautiful monument you ripped down to build some Trump office? Didn't seem to care then, did you?
And what do you think you have done for country???? But make us look like a laughingstock??? As well as our country weak??? Shame on You!!!
U don't care about any of this, UD put a Trump hotel on these sites faster than U could Chang positions on racism just 2 make a $!
I suppose it wouldn't bother you if Germany has memorial statues of Adolf Hitler around in squares and in universities
Robert E Lee's statue should be replaced by Ulysses S Grant, you know THE ONE THAT WON. The Lee was a #loser
Is this a joke?
have U COME TO THE FULL KNOWLEDGE OF WHAT THIS HISTORY IS ABOUT.AGAIN DONT TEXT ANYMORE. u r BRINGING YOURSELF DOWN BY YOURSELF BY DOING SO
I agree President Trump, I wish You could stop this, History is History you can't change it.
And in the land of the FREE, we cannot see an end to TOLERANCE...
Donald Trump is an evil self absorbed hypocrite.
3 month later...re-designating Utah's national landmarks so your oil friends can make  more money
Blah blah blah whatever Don!!!
I support you Mr President... you are doing a GREAT job speaking out for the majority of America....
Sure, the whole 38% majority that still supports him...
Your history included slavery. Come on.
