I guarantee if a white player had turned down an invitation from Barack Obama there would be riots and race cards taking place right now!
A white player or any player never had a reason to turn down Obama..soo
Yea, not like he was a traitor to the country or anything....
Oh you mean like colluding with Russia ?? Bless your heart.
Is that the word of the week again?
its been the word for a while, we need our own since now we have to share the word "corrupt" with trumps goons since theyre still on hillary
Try desperate.
How about hypocrisy.  More apt.  Seems POTUS can dish it out but not take it.
No. It was a great honor to go to the White House.  It stopped being an honor 9 months
How extremely childish. Though, of you, the world expects nothing less...
Could it be that you're a bigot?
Agreed!!!!
Whiner you are
You must be off your meds again
rather petulant.....
Now waiting for the official release of the GSW statement saying they declined your offer after your speech in Alabama yesterday.
U BIG mad MEDIUM mad or LIL mad @POTUS 

Hollerin  #cantfixstupid  dark horse is big mad!!!!!!!
Ha that bitch is so called definitely not worthy #NEVERMYPRESIDENT #IMPEACH his orange pompous clown ass asap!
I'm sure Mr Curry is crushed. Bet he always wanted to meet the next Hitler.
#DotardTrump
Smh
You are behaving like a privileged 8 year old.
Cavs in 6
Pitch fits much?
nobody needs you
It's called having the freedom of making your own choices.
Who would want to come to the White House to meet with a White Supremacist, especially when you are a black male?
The White House used to be a place of honor and respect -- a place athletes went to be honored.  Now it's a dumpster fire run by a goon!
A goon who is tied up with Russia so much that he no longer know what is good for us.
"You can't break up with me! I'm breaking up with you!"
You lost the popular vote yet again, @KingJames is at 685K likes!
They weren’t coming so you breaking up with them before they break up with you huh? We laughed at this dude in high school, hell, life.
You just proved his point of why he was hesitating.
withdrawn invitation by a total dick I'm sure is breaking his heart. You're a festering boil on the ass crack of America.
Good.
#TakeAKnee
Take a selfie.
Post to Trump.
Obama t-shirt optional.
Support peaceful protest.

#TakeAKneeSelfie #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
No, you're just a liberal leftist SJW who dyed her hair pink to be edgy, when you and your political philosophy are completely irrelavant1/2
in this day and age. 2/2
RECAP:
Nazis: very fine people
Racist sheriff: unfairly treated
Black athletes exercising 1st AM rights: sons of b**** and uninvited to WH.
You acting like the bitter woman who denies she was dumped. @StephenCurry30 wasn't hesitant...@warriors don't want to see you!
You are correct Mr President! Why extend an invitation to an ungrateful person?
Uninviting me to the party, when Im already in bed watching Netflix is so disrespectful. #ShameOnYou!
Are you about 7?
Boom!!! let the snowflake ball begin!! 
He don't like you never will  just like everybody else
Короче так!
Твои пацаны и мои пацаны! На пятаке за школой!
До первой крови!
Jesus you are embarrassing
C'mon man. Be bigger than that.
Honestly...
I wouldn't want to go either.
Hmmmmm... Watch paint dry or meet the president?
Yeah.... Watch Paint Dry. 
And it would be great paint, the greatest, biggest ever! I can tell you that!
You can’t withdraw an invitation that’s already been turned down just because you can’t handle rejection
Wow thank you for your new and insightful input on this topic
Glad to know that this carried to college, miss you man
"You can't come to my birthday party anymore!", said the 7 year old. Holy shit, I cannot believe this is our President.
you're totally a joke LOL
Please don't forget who you serve, Cough Cough "THE PEOPLE" that little White House you're so graciously living in, dining in, and whatever
Else you do. Tax dollars pay for, the people's money. So remember you only have so many years left until we withdraw your invitation.
Not years. Weeks. Go Mueller. Get him. Vote blue
Nobody wants to see you
It was a great honor until your ashy ass was elected into office. You sound goofy as hell taking away someone’s invitation who wasn’t coming
Update
What is your plan for Puerto Rico?
It's only an honor if there's someone honorable in it.
Not hesitating, just has better shit to do... like laundry.
was considered. will soon be again. not while you are there.
BTW Don, your invitation to my house - rescinded! Not welcome! I know you weren't planning on coming, but this is how babies get upper hand.
Nobody wants to meet you & the NBA Champs won't come after the Championship game either. You won't be in office that much longer anyway.
Going to the White House WAS considered a great honor for a championship team. No longer. Sad.
wow "You don't want to play with me? NO, I DON'T WANT TO PLAY WITH YOU FIRST!"... Mature stance indeed. #toddlerpresident
@StephenCurry30 for president!!
Please grow up & try acting in a Presidential manner. Right now you are simply a joke to those of us observing from afar.
aw, did he break up with you before you had a chance to break up with him?
You titanic orange 71 year old infant. He didn’t hesitate. He doesn’t want to be in the same room with you. I don’t either.
Focus in Puerto Rico...we are Americans.......are you blind?
Great for steph!!!  F the orange boy!!!
I designed this last year.  Perhaps I should get started on the 2020 version!
Curry will have another championship 4 years from now after you get out therefore he’s not missing much #TakeAKnee
You mean, going to the White House used to be considered a great honor. Means nothing now.
It's an honor to visit the White House... you, not so much.
This kid crying because no one wants to come to his party is such a sad thing to watch ! Oh, wait...
Wah wah now you're not invited to my birthday party!
Can you blame him? Lately you've been trying to get professional athletes fired for not respecting you. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 Curious to know why you're so concerned with NFL but cutting healthcare from the poor and leaving Puerto Rico to starve to death?
Now they should go and have a BBQ With President Obama
Stephen Curry looking at this like :
It *was* considered a great honor.
maybe you should worry less about sports and more about millions without power in Peurto Rico!!!!!
you were quoted in a story by @guardian
: so, so very insecure. For the love of God (and your health) I hope someone gets you into counseling and/or a healthy community.
He declined your offer in the beginning. Just like your boy Tom Brady did when President Obama  was in office.
I'll take a dump on the White House as long as you're in office
*was considered a great honor
It was an honor, before you occupied it.
He did not hesitate. He said he was not going... #stephcurry respect for you man.
This sounds like you are retracting a birthday Party invite in Grade 3!! #growuptrump
Sounds like he’s not playing games with over paid spoiled little bitches.
Has he ever played a sport?
False facts, you already knew he was not going.
Ok, this is about the activist screwing the TEAM out of the honor. And undermining their industry in the process of Grandstanding to his shallow cult of personality liberals. A real hero would put aside personal prejudice for the sake of the team and in respect 4 the USA & Sport.
And you think rewarding people with NOT have to see you is... PUNISHMENT?!
You are the least honorable president in the history of the united states.
you just made that team very happy to not have to meet you.
little baby trump wah wah wah they don't like me!
well you'll be gone soon. get em Mueller.
@realDonaldTrump why do you have issues with rejection? Does it stem from your parents making you feel rejected in the past?

Lord Vader has something to say bout this.
die
NOT this White House
#WhatAboutPuertoRico?
#CryBaby
U mad bro?
You're not a real President
WAS is the operative word here. It was considered a great honor until you "won" the election.
The White House has become the MAD HOUSE
Dear trump I applyed for Lottery, if you don't select me it's your last chance,, I hope you understand what I said .
Thank you .

   Amaly
it USED to be considered an honor. Never saw athletes having a,hard time accepting the nomination until your presidency
How can you withdraw an invitation when he already said he wasn't coming? SAD
It WAS considered a great honor
It's usually an honor, but not when you're in the White House.
 I thought this was fake

Lol this is still unbelievably funny to me. 
Depends on WHO is Occupying that House..  It Usually is..  and Won't be till Ur Gone!!
The White House is honorable, we just need someone honorable to be residing in it.
I've never witnessed an adult display such insecurity and immaturity. Who thinks it's admirable or cool to rescind a rejected invitation???
It used to be a great honour when there was an honourable person in the Whitehouse. That's history with you there!
At first i have love respect Donald Trump Because he was the underdog. But now i see he is just a fool. No leider .
This reminds me of a slumber party I was uninvited to when I was ten
Go back to New York and pay those American construction workers
the money you ow them for that central park ice skating rink project that you stiffed them on. crook.. that 12 million wasn't your fee.
Si eres bien pendejo
Shaking @baker_mayfield6 's hand is considered a great honor for a Big XII team. Kansas is resisting, therefore conference invotation is withdrawn! Sad!
Grow up you immature baboon.
I know I'm late but I was in the DR buying food & water to send to PR...anyway, you can't withdraw a declined invitation lol. #IdiotInChief
I just wanna see peace and union in America, in NBA,in NFL and in all leagues. Respect for every opinion.
keep fighting for us #WeThePeople and #MAGA and #USA we r winning by far Bring back #LawAndOrder and MORALS ETIQUETTE LOVE
would you please stop tweeting!
@RJM29 did u defend Curry as our Prez trolled/punished him for "hesitating" going to the white house? he treats ppl who disagree as enemies
It's childish that he would care this much/ but I can understand where he might feel insulted. Anyone ever NOT go to the White House before?
That’s a good point.
You said nothing about Tom Brady not coming to the WH. What do you suppose is the difference between these two players?
Only a great honor if your going to meet a great leader.  That - you are not!!! Can meet a bum on ant street in America.
Excellent! These gobshites don't deserve the honor; they are traitors to America and everyone who has fought for the US
Welp. That's cute.
It used to be considered a great honor. Fixed that for ya.
Guess they heard it was a "real dump" from you.
Pathetic man
No honor meeting you.
Lmao you a child at heart hints why I call you boy.  Strip the Money and possessions and at heart I am everything you wish you could be
Curry said "No" he was not "hesitating". No means no Predator-in-Chief
#Dotard #TakeAKnee #TakeTheKnee
You have been uninvited to the WH now get out.
Not an honor aymore.
@realDonaldTrump stop letting your old man ego control everything good you may be doing in your presidency. Take the damn high road.
Drain the swamp and by the way when this whole thing started were you even the President! NO Enough said. Respect your country.
He had the great honor... lmao salty much
Vfvbxrjnbfgtkjyhgtkmvytcti
Unlike you, he thinks before he speaks.
Please be the bigger man.  Step back & apologize;
then invite players from both the NFL and NBA to the White House for some real dialog.
It was an honor till u became the occupant!
Bad Optics my eye. Sleazy cabinet members p***ing away taxpayers $. Trump picks...it figures!
Seeing you is not an honor.  Large majority of Americans have ZERO respect for you and can't wait until Mueller ruins your life and businesses.
BUM!!
Gee Mr... @StephenCurry30 any other ethic group would be called a racist in done under Obama inept rein as a so-called POTUS  a disgrace
Ha lol
This absolute baby 
So many tantrums so little time.
You are making this very tough for AMERICANS!!!
Wow. Do you see a therapist?
Omg, grow up @realDonaldTrump
Where in Gods name did we lose common decency?!
4 anybody to save n serve da nation, it means u are creating enemies to u'r self
Solid burn branch
It would appear to some confusion
Has set in, Probably was not sure
Although he was given that chance.
Lucky for Stephen C
Who cares. The patriots proved it isn't an honor to go to the white House anymore
Loser Dotard Trump!
It is not going to the White House that is the Honor, but meeting the President. In this case no one see him as a President. He is a racist moron at best.. The invitation had been declined long before the idiot withdrew it.. NO BODY WAS COMING to meet the MORON..
It's safe &easy for #tRump to stand for the anthem now. When the USA was at war, coward tRump couldn't be found.

Players of any color are bending the knee,They are showing the world that your words about fine white nazis are weird for their President
It's a great honor when the WH is honorable,you sir, are anything but that, If you can find where true strength comes from, you'll see that
Mr. Squatter, you're a legend in your own mind.

WHAT IS WRONG WITH U PLEASE SEEK PSYHOLOGICAL  HELP
How would your KKK/Nazi boys feel with you inviting a non-white to 'da house.
I guess the White House became less honourable with you in it.
Not currently, not with you as president

Visiting the White House, WAS an honor, that is until you showed up Trump!
Bravo! Maybe if reality and common sense sets in these selfish petty activists will try to become more professional again and stop insulting the Nation that makes their elite lifestyle possible. It's small to punish your whole team for a little MSM attention. Bravo Mr.President!!
Wouldn't walk across the street to see you...
Respect is earned...not given, even if you're the president. I only use a small p for this president, you haven't earned the respect
...and...then...you moved in...
Ask every football player who doesn’t accept this prestigious honor to send their cleats to Washington along with 1 months pay. Invite our military heroes to the celebration. Have them bring their combat boots and 1 months pay. Have the players and our military change places.
hes not going at all thats fucked up

Hahaha! 
Hahaha you're so ridiculous
You dishonor the office of POTUS, Donnie, & befoul the White House. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachThemAll
How fucking infantile.
Fuck your invite he has already been when it was a better President and Resident it's a insult to himself if he comes because of your invite
It's Obama that should be in the white house NOT you!
Yes, going to White House was a great honor until you showed up! Now you can host college players. #NotMyPresident
They loved you when you had no power know your friends hate you traders
“He can’t fire me”, yelled Little Donnie , “I QUIT!!!”.
It’s only a great honor if the person in the oval office is a competent person capable of doing their job as president. Which you’re not.
you are an insult to this country...
Ok, so, you got rejected, and now you're uninviting them?  OMG are you 12 years old? You're embarrassing us.  America is already great. The people are incredible. Our current government? Not so much. Go Lindsey and the rest of OUR team!
@realDonaldTrump if you send me an invitation I would love to go to the White House and meet you so if you could send me one I'd go.
