Oh right, then that settles it, huh, sport??  Impeachment soon, buckle up!
Big beautiful lie, you orange Russian puppet.
STOP TALKING ABOUT RUSSIA..You can make it go away if YOU stop bringing it up.We KNOW it's NOTHING.
LET IT GO...LOCK HER UP!!!!!!
Sorry but junior already confessed to the collusion. Try again.

But your sons e mail say different More lies
You can deny all you want, we see the truth! #RussianCollusion #PutinsPuppet #RussianHookers #RussianMoney #Treason #TrumpFamilyCrimes #Putz
If Ronald Reagan was alive, he'd take you over his knee and spank your borscht filled Putin loving butt.
Mr. President you won fair and square.

Can anyone get the Hillary emails oh that's right they are accidentally gone.

Someone else lying for you
Your hands are tiny.
Clearly there was.
Anyone every tell you the truth about you?...you suck
Your friend said "there was no Russian collusion". That settles it
We'll listen to your friend. We'll ignore all of the evidence
Did Jim say it too? If Jim comes out and says it then maybe I'll believe him. 
Hang tough, Mr. President!
ok well i guess we can forget about it then, If Michael says so.
Standing with you, President TRUMP. The more ridiculous FAKE NEWS gets, the more loyal (if that's even possible) I become. MAGA
Obama was right. You're a BULL SHITTER
Got away with another crime. Good to be the King hey. Lol

They don't make handcuffs small enough to fit you, so they'll have to use zip ties.  I'm ok with that, you traitorous Russian tool.
You're referring to your thug-lawyer friend who mysteriously quit your campaign *right before* your son & son-in-law became traitors? Him?

Nobody believe's that either you are RUSSIAN PUPPET
Go away
You've said some things powerfully too...doesn't make any of them true.
Oh okay, so you're friend saying that makes it true? HAHAHAHAHA!
NOT ONE PERSON AFFILATED W YOU HAS TOLD THE TRUTH ABT RUSSIA INC. CAPUTO
You do realize when you tweet out these lies to the 30% of idiots who still support you the rest of us can see these too.
Keep repeating that to your self until you believe it.
........
You lost the popular vote, though. Please remember that, in addition to the mounting evidence of collusion, you have no mandate.
The popular vote is what matters.....lmao here's your participation trophy. California is the only reason she won that.
The majority of American voters is the only reason she won that.
And what did she win? Is she in the Whitehouse?
She won the mandate that he didn't.
What puts you in the White House? The electoral college. Not mob rule. Which is why electoral college exists.
Too bad the media doesn't expose Hillary Clinton and Podesta's ties to Russia. But Americans see the truth. CNN is falling rapidly.
another member of the Borg having to go to playbook and bring up Hillary. she not mentioned in tweet but have no other defense for Trump, 
You may not like it, but Hillary has more ties to Russia than Trump will ever have in the eight years he's president.
Your son colluded, here are his emails.
Here is the definition of collusion..."gain an unfair advantage"
Here is the definition of Treason. 
Your son "adhered to our enemies". 
Your son is a Traitor... FACT
You knew...FACT
That makes you one...
Sounds like. we've beenTrumped
The United States IS NOT a democracy. It is a Republic.
Technically yes. We need to change to presidential election by popular vote.
The electoral college votes using popular vote. The electoral college is a safe guard for the American people.
A left over from when most citizens couldn't read or too isolated to get the information they needed to vote. We don't need it anymore
Hillary Lost the election because the American People rejected her long track record of corruption.
Crooked H had the most well funded campaign in the history of politics, and she still couldn't win
Doesn't matter anyway. What matters is what Trump TRIED to do behind the scenes. Which is obvious to anyone with 3 brain cells.

Donald Trump’s Lewd Comments About Women https://www.nytimes.com/video/us/politics/100000004698018/donald-trumps-lewd-comments-about-women.html?smid=tw-share … via @nytvideo
) U asked Russia to hack Clinton on Nation TV  2) UR son met with Russian to receive stolen information 3) you all lied repeatedly
How does he do it?  Would love him to have a lie detector test on national tv. He'd say test was fake.
it's a fact that the news has been very fake and focused on fake stories instead of news.
Yeah. All those fake emails that Jr personally released. Terrible that the President's own son should release such false info about #Russia
I hear crickets when real felonies brought up #dem/rich/media/government-collusion
Hillary,Lorettalynch,Obama,Bernie,bill,IRS much more I'll sho u real corrupt if u wnt
 so corruption is ok if it's the party u support. So sad! U should demand answers
Corruption is NEVER OK. But Trump is President.U seem to be totally OK with his http://corruption.You  need to get over Clinton.She lost.

Michael Flynn (Trump's Natl Security Adv) in Fed Court today said he's cooperating w #TrumpRussia investigation bc "it's the best thing for America". He lied to FBI multiple times about Trump & Russia, & plead guilty.
Trump's former national security frontman Michael Flynn has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about contact with the Russian ambassador. 
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our ...
LIARS....
Bs
THATS NOT WHAT MUELLERS INVESTIGATION IS POINTING TO - U R GOING DOWN!
I think your a great President.
I don't understand why all Republicans aren't on board with new healthcare plan to pass.
Make adjustments as they arise to fit the needs of the people.
Move on to Tax Reform and more pertenant issues.
MR. President they will never stop with this B'S. Your actions make all of us proud. God Bless You.
Why has Rosenstein hired mueller who is costing taxpayers money ?
Former?  The guy you fired? Now you trust his words? The man is trying to kiss your ass. Why? Not sure. Maybe he's looking for a job
Why don't you put him in charge of something so he can praise you daily in your brown nose meetings.
Like we believe ANY associate of yours?
#Corruption #Collusion #Treason #Ignorance #Arrogance #RussianMeddling #PutinsBitch #Impeachment #FakePresident #LockHimUp #TrumpGoingDown
Russia didn't  we know it  just let it go
Great! Hope to God the rumor that you will return the KGB safe houses back to the Russians is "fake news".
Except for your sons attempt of course, and those other guys
Like he would really admit to a crime
La jnt bm
All of the unbrainwashed know the Russians control your finances-- which explains your refusal to reveal returns. Sad.
So he lies for you, too.
Must Watch  & RT
#theBecks lives in Danger after Finding the Scary Facts about 
the Clintons, DNC, Bushes & more
This needs to be seen by every American.
#DNCFraudLawsuit plaintiffs @eleebeck, @JaredBeck @nikoCSFB are in danger. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bmMl2OGVQ0 …
Way to lie like a champ
Those people being actual service members, our neighbors, pastors, lgqbt, people from walmart, anything but the 1%.
FYI-his view doesn't count
There's gotta be a name for the liberal dummies who soak up the slop from cnn...
Unfortunately for Caputo, all the EVIDENCE points another direction. #prisontime
I don't think you said that
YOU MEAN PUTIN'S BUDDY CAPUTO? WHAT DID U EXPECT HIM TO SAY? WE'RE BETTING ON THE FBI!!
I believe our intelligence people are good at their job and they have PROOF you are lying, and YES the Trump Campaign colluded with Russia
"If enough of us repeat this lie, it will become the truth!"
Hmm...the Trump campaign advisor says there was no collusion on the Trump campaign he advised.
Nice Try Mr. Pres (Trump = Putin's stooge)
Well then, there mustn't have been collusion.
We're now paying attention to your deeds not your words #FakePresident #ColluderInChief #WhinerInChief
ah, but there are so many other shoes on their way down to us... I can almost hear them dropping as we speak!
So tired of putz being made Presidents. Seriously I voted for what exactly more investigations, more corruption, more criminal behavior.
Many more people are saying TREASON CHARGES NOW FOR EVERYONE!
Oh, we are supposed to believe THIS?  NOW after all the lies?
The big lie Donald. Problem is no matter how many times you say this one, no one is buying it. Studying from Joseph Goebbels much?
Michael Caputo, another recycled, useless, lying and conniving shit slinger from the depths of your swamp! You should hire better people 45!
Yes, if your former lackey says so, it must be true.
Oh yeah..we believe him
it is good you have dialogue with Russia. poles and brits like it, prevents war here aka east Ukraine. eu expansionism 2 blame
There is 100% Russian collusion by you!!!! You will not sell our country out to Putin!!!! Over my dead body! #illegitimatePresident
@hjm996 I am a Vietnam Veteran and served 2 tours 1971 and again in 1972(Easter Tet).  With all the anger with the War in 1968-1976!!! WHY
Yes trump people gets jealous after your win
oh great sir
I will wait 4 the investigation 2 see what they come up with. I hope they can subpoena ur tax returns 2 see if u have connections to Russia
You remain in our prayers Mr President. Our politics are very different but we want the best for the U.S. prayers for you all Sir.
F. A. K. E.   N. E. W. S.
Want to say that one more time with a straight face
Delusional
Make Ron Paul your Secretary of State....! Just do it.
you're such a liar man. get real
One person spoke out & U have need 2 thank.Caputo made decision not 2 be on get even list. Also Didn't want to be NEXT victim under bus.
Yes of cors
we know better conspiracy and collusion, took a year for Nixon so get ready.
Caputo,Putin,You are just surrounded by putos... interesting... now starts to make sense your "grab them by the pussy" "locker room" speech
But then again he was on your team ...sooooo impartial ?
Those are just WORDS from caputo.   Wait until trump is under oath testifying in the impeachment hearings
Caputo worked for the Putin campaign in 2000 & your campaign. He's going to say whatever his paying clients tell him to say.
He can say it all he wants. Everyone know that you and your cult followers lie.
You will see real reps come out not these money hungry wanna be. A public servant should only want to serve for the better even if it means
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Thank, I needed a laugh.
Yeah, yeah...
Why do you have to thank him publicly? That's right, instead of privately you want people to think you're taking the credit
Thank you for lying, you mean?
Donnie boy, if you believe Mr. Caputo is a good guy, someone has told you lies about him. He's actually one of Vladie's!
Caputo, the guy whose work for Gazprom-Media was to improve President Putin's image in the United States?  THAT GUY?
#AMJoy
The Russian collusion nonsense is fake and false news I've had enough of that nonsense tell them to stop it now.
as President are doing disservice to the #intelligenceservice & disrespecting USA to align W/ #Russia w/ admiration & loyalty #putinpuppet
Why doesn't Mueller appear to be investigating and getting this over with!

Traitor!
Um, your SON Meeting With Ruskies, WAS Gleeful Collusion...DUH........your Ego WAYYYYYYYY Outta Control...Is, Funny How Foolish you Look
yes there was. #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Why don't you prove it
There is much evidence that says otherwise.
- Yes, there was Russian Collusion--- with the dems to defeat Trump. Mueller won't investigate that.
How much you pay him to say that

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
Caputo, who stiffed the IRS & blamed his own poor business skills; also, lived in Moscow, helped elect Yeltsin, worked for Gazprom. Okay.
#FAIL
No one believes you! U r a liar!
I am surprised that Caputo isn't having a hard time breathing, what with his head shoved so far up your ass......
Your son admits seeking "dirt" from lawyer connected to Russian government. He gave up his own emails. Won't  be able to tweet this 1 away.
Please check the facts.  Don't watch the propaganda channel "Fox News" or read the Enquirer.
Even though your son and he met w/ a Russian about obtaining compromising material on Clinton...
What do you say now that they have found collusion?
Well, I guess there's one person who says so. I doubt he believes it either.
Kissing ass followers are your thing. #Caputo will sing a different tune when you get exposed for the con you are.
@CNN @NewDay @nytimes
LOL
There is and was collusion then and now. Session told on you when discussing sanctions and lifting them. All while you were campaigning.
He can say whatever he wants, it doesn't make it true. You and your appointees are liars!
You lie & so does your family!
Of course he said that; he was your campaign manager! Geez, Donny, how dumb do you think we are.?
Don....Caputo is a Russian agent. I tried to tell you this before you hired him.
Jobs jobs jobs jobs.
But there was obstruction
Always wanted to go to Russia big man we should try and get a cheap flight sometime 
Get away with the GAWA soon to be sure 
I thank my lucky stars I was taught to look at all my options before deciding and I voted how I should on the one who actually knows and
You saying that lying powerfully makes a lie become a truth?
It's not over. What are worried about?  "There's something,  there's always something."
.@realDonaldTrump EVERYONE waiting 2 hear if Robert Mueller's crack team of prosecutors agrees. 
Did you hire lawyers for @WhiteHouse staff?
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
PLEASE LISTEN MR. TRUMP WE KNOW YOU HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE BUT MUELLER IS A LIAR AND DECEIVER. PLEASE FIRE HIM.  LISTEN TO INTELLIGENT VOICES
Laughable.
But your tweets Trump prove collusion. Time for you to resign or go to jail and take your family with you.
Well done Michael for managing to use those vocal chords, what did the Russians think of this? Miss you 
Like anyone would believe a single word from someone associated with you. You all are pathological liars.
You mean that “there was Russian Collusion in our stolen campaign, that we still lost by 3 million legal votes”
Probably mr. Trump because that's all he knew about you are guilty as Sin
Just do the right thing and resign you know you care more about Russia than the United States
We stand firmly behind President Trump! @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump
Bahaha. It's like your wife telling you that you have big hands.
How much did you have to have to pay him to kiss your backside THIS time?
“Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will.”
– Yoda
U would never have won without Putin's hackers. 20-30% doesn't win elections. U won on the votes of people who regret their vote 4 u!
we all hope that you find living in the former USSR is great, so you will move there and we can finally breathe!
emails don't lie your progeny took care of colluding and admitted it.
Isn't it great to have one supporter who will lie for you?
LOL....Yeah we trust his word!!!!!! Thanks Donald
My next question...since that has been established...Why the investigation?
BIGLY waste of taxpayer monies!
LIAR !!
Neither the FBI or CIA have cleared you.
Liar, then why do you keep obstructing the investigation? Liar n chief
You are such a liar. I cannot wait for you to be tried and convicted of TREASON.
As if we could believe ANYTHING from the people around you. Sad.
Have you ever praised anyone who isn't a servant to Putin?
