Venezuela is the type of government that Liberals think is a good idea, but they also think that people still watch the Emmy's
ابعد عن الدول الاخري خليك في بلدك
Manafort is gonna bring you down
can we do it here too fam
What about here?
I do not know your direction intent with soon please clarify.
How about full restoration for the USA?
Why don't we start here first. If you win the popular vote you win the election. If you use Russia to win you lose.
Democracy back in the US would be good. Oh. Release your tax returns
ICYMI: TRUMP THREW THE FIRST PITCH. WOW, ONE HECK OF A BALL GAME
How soon?
Where is #sessions, why are our federal agencies so corrupt? Why can't we get the truth out there?Why haven't U fired #mccabe & #ROSENSTEIN?
Donald what did you say on the live mic Manafort was wearing?
Did you see them Detroit Lions beat the Giants tonight? Real News.
Too bad, it's not going to happen that soon, although I'm not supporting Maduro, other countries are not your property
We any the dzme
We need to fix this country first impeach @realDonaldTrump NOW !!!!!
Reported.
When do we call for the restoration of democracy in North America though? 
This country is not a democracy, its a constitutional republic.
Thank you for being an amazing leader!


And who appointed you the world's policeman?. Saudi Arabia is even more despotic why a u not demanding same?
Exited and grateful for the words of The President.
We call for you to resign sooner rather than later. The damage you are doing to this country is mind boggling.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP for WORKING SO HARD TO DRAIN THE SWAMP & MAGA!! 
Not
Well aren't you Mr. Obvious.
All caught up on the news?
What about the restoration of democracy for the USA? We've not had since you've been in office!
Wow, yeah, that would be cool. So what's the plan?
While your plan is to take away US democracy and political freedom?
This tragedy needs address. Innocent lives being destroyed. 
Shucks - thought you were talking about the United States and we're announcing your resignation.
Because  your administration has aspired to levels of corruption, personal enrichment, and nepotism that wouldn't be tolerated in Venezuela
See everybody, this is what American Leadership looks like! No more lead-from-behinds, America-Last Obama! Trump is IN!
Trump is My President, He is your President, He is America's President! #MAGA
No. Trump was Putin power.

#Nullify2016 
#UnhackTheVote
#Crosscheck stole the election
She still lost! Get over it!
What happened to #AmericaFirst??
Estaremos eternamente agradecidos por ayudarnos a salir de esta pesadilla
Yep. Trump did this one. Good job, you big boy! We are all very impressed.
Trump Tower was wiretapped. Proven right once again! Thanks CNN!
Since when Trump change his name to Manafort?
Great job today @POTUS !  So refreshing to have an American as president - keep untying Obama bin Ladens knots! 
Ironically - *45 is the most UN-American president we've ever had.  Even Nixon was more American than this traitor.
Your delusional - get some help for that
I'm sure crazy people feel that why. Enjoy your bubble economy while it lasts enjoyed net neutrality while it's still in place the job growth Obama made is almost over and when this bubble pops we will all be in for it
Is that right?
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in America, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
You voted. You lost. Stop comparing losing an election to the plight of Venezuelans not being able to even remember their last one.

"I want freedom of speech.", the boy cried from his IPhone and social media platform that is biased against the Right.
That's so incredibly offensive. I would never use an iPhone.
Keep complaining snowflake about biased social media. 
Keep complaining about an election from 11 months ago. That will totally help defeat Trump in 2020.
Who's complaining? 
I'm mocking your President.
Our President. The same way Pena Nieto is my president because I hold dual US-Mex citizenship even if I hate him. Don't deny reality.
We want a new President VERY VERY VERY SOON!!
2020!! And here he is:
MAKE VENEZUELA GREAT AGAIN

@KalebPrime @LedShitposter @HaruspexOfHell @stdaneeka @Madcattycat @flamingrumble @razorSHOOK
repeat with me: "very, very soon"
Repeat after me. 

"God's time is perfect"

we don't have full restoration of democracy/freedoms right here in the USA, we've a illegitimate person in the wh from russian interference
There is Democracy in Venezuela.The elections in 2015 were fraudulent.That is the reason Congress in Venezuela don't have validity.

https://twitter.com/sam_ezeh/status/910449091750047750 … u had a lunchtime today with a terrorist Nigerian Buhari. But you condemned this during ur campaign. There is God.
Si no te EXTRALIMITAS en tus intervenciones hacia nuestros problemas eso será posible pues somos los ciudadanos los más interesados en ello.
What about here in USA? You & your ilk are hypocrites as you do everything to dismantle ours. #impeach #TrumpCrimeFamily

Traitor
Maybe one more very will do it.
I heard that your speech today was phenomenal. Congratulations
We call for for your immediate impeachment.
Me too
Stay the hell out if Venezuela
Y por favor...dígale a la Exxon Móbil que el petróleo incluyendo el del Esequibo es de los venezolanos...un abrazoteeeeeee libre y soberano
Mr. Trump in Venezuela we enjoy full democracy, do not aim your damn noses here, gringo eats shit
Hmmm. You could be talking about the US.
pleaseeee! we need it right now. !!! pleaseee! s.o.s. !!!!
The usa have first to act about this in your own country! Instead ask Venezuela simply how much cost their oil and resources. Gotcha!!
Get your hands off Venezuela.
Ok Wizard of None
Total joke
went to Caracas on a cruise back in the 90's. Chevez was in office. Socialism leads to Corruption and repression.Horrendous
Magnificent speech. The Truth. Finally. No NWO. Stop ignoring terrorism. Allies or Not?
So is. Venezuela reject the fraudulent constituent done without consulting the people, you are a blessing to Venezuela and democracy

As it ur reptshon ur bisness reptshon say lot for the whole world and modenashon
Please Resign!
God bless you and thank you so much. Venezuela will be free because people like you are working for our Democracy. Again God bless you
do it,don't just say it!
We call for full restoration of democracy & political freedoms in #USA ! End Legal Convict Slavery & Military Industrial Complex !
America wants political freedom from the Ruasian-wanna-be Dictator in Chief.
#ImpeachTrump

https://twitter.com/EmekaGift/status/909446454892261376 … @eucopresident @UN @SwedishPM @SwedenUN @euswe prep to build more refugee campur silence. Biafrans willdefenditself
@mike_pence you look in pain as President reads his speech. Wondering how you hitched yourself to wrong train?
and we want the same thing to happen here, very, very soon.
How about restoring democracy to USA? First step: #LockHerTheFuckUpAlready
Little Donald Drumpf - we don't have Democracy in America any more. You are going after the bill of rights & you have Sessions as AG. #sad

Yes,  people are starving to death. Time is now.  No time to waste!
I do believe In you. But things need to be real.Make the dems believe In you and what you stand for
Why don't you threaten to "Nuke 'em" if they don't obey you?  What's a few more million people?--you'll never be a leader Motor Mouth.
I agree and as a frequent traveler to Central America I hear the horror stories first hand. Their own diplomats are blind.
Stop interfering in other countries affairs# get out of Middle East, Make America Great Again.
Donny, Donny, Donny! You know that's not gonna work. Most of America has been "calling" for YOUR removal since Jan...but, your still here!
Lets cut to the chase mr. @realDonaldTrump
Let's do that here in the USA first. Truly want to #MAGA? RESIGN #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
I fuck trump.I fuck trump wife
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Mind your business Mister!
And he compared you to Reagan( was meant to be an insult, but hey, what an insult!!!!!) You did s fantastic job!!!!
Thank you @realDonaldTrump  we respect you and are very happy you are with Venezuela 
I call them Tweedle Dee, and Tweedle Dum.........
We call for #OPOV one person one vote for the full restoration of true democracy and not the #RiggedSystem you spoke of. #USA make it happen
Bombs away!  #Venezuela
This is the OPPOSITION that YOU support! Burning innocent people ALIVE because they look "Chavista" #HandsOffVenezuela ! #Trump
Start at home. Resign!
Go president Trump. Put everyone on their toes.  United Nations is not doing their job
Omg...please. stop. Just stop tweeting. And talking...stop talking.
-- Your vote. Look at Bush, he LOST TO AL GORE and the electoral college gave it to him. Dump looses by Damn MILLIONS OF VOTES AND GUESS---
Get Rid of the rocket Man!
Mark Dice you need to come back from the out back
How about a full restoration of democracy and political freedoms here? You protofascist. #Remove #Impeach #Imprison
Thank you Mr president.
AMEN
Thank God for P. Trump why needs no explanation but for those a man who cares for man kind proudly to be a American
Very proud of the speech our great President gave at the UN today.He hit on all our enemies very strongly.Good job Mr. President
Thank you Mr. Trump. We are need your help in fastrack mode...
I thought during your campaign you said America 1st, we aren't the policemen of the world? Can you even remember what you had for breakfast?
But in your speaking at the UN, you say is not importint for other cuntry to have same politik system. Make up mind in head.
How about in the USA. Your calling on NFL fans to boycott because of protesting players taking a knee during National Anthem.
Good to see you back
Thank you, Lonewolf  .... arghh Trump is an  ass.
Wow! I bet their shaking in their boots Daffy
We are many venezuelan request asylum what are going to happen with us, are thinking about give us some benefits in order to be in U.S.
Venezuelans are clamoring for military intervention! Ignore the politicians of Latin America and Venezuela. They're on the oppression's side
Great speech today at the UN
So great to have POTUS that loves our country
Send in the bombers, nut case. You're no different than your rocket man.
"When do we want it?!", "Soon!"... Umm, wait, what?!
Wheres tinsel town on Venzualia?? They wanted the US to mimic Venzualia for years..after there socialism collapsed, they shut up...fools!!
Or what?
No deacuide a Venezuela necesitamos ayuda por Dios
Thank You Highness, Lastly you agree with me. I know USA always stands for humanity and Peace.
We want Mueller to get you very very soon!
@hramosallup @JulioBorges @leopoldolopez @liliantintori @FreddyGuevaraC are as treasonous as Socialists. @MariaCorinaYA is the only patriot!
Bla bla bla talking about nothing. The same speech that Bush and Regan had red.
Thanks mr Trump!!
We will be eternally gratefull for your interest in our country!!act as quickly as possible please!!
Keep draining that swamp Mr President, Hell Yeah!!! Trump Tsunami 2020!!!
Pence 20/24, 20/28!!!
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in the USA, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
From your lips to God's ears Mr. President.  U have a big heart Sir & may God bless u & protect u today & always. Proud 2 have you as POTUS
We are all Venezuelans with you and we thank you from the people of venezuela!
Do you really think they give a shit about what we want?
Solo una intervencion militar de EEUU restablece la democracia en Venezuela @EmbajadaUSAenRD @LeonelFernandez @Ratehol @miguelfranjul
I call for it here in the United States, and the sooner the better.
Please Mr. Trump, help us
In the next week or two?

In agreement. Another communist in ou hemisphere.
and i want a pony for my birthday...
It's not about what "we" want it's what the Venezuelan people want.
And you would know exactly what about how any of that works?  Shaddap.  BTW, you put your Minion hat on inside-out.
When may we expect full restoration of democracy here in the United States, Mr. President?
Yes sir Mr. President!  We will pray and you just keep keeping your promises!
I love my President! Mr. Trump
How about restoration of democracy in the U.S.? #TrumpRussia #MAGA #Impeach45 #PutinsBitch #Traitor
you know I often find that statements like these are more powerful when you lead by example. #endvotesuppression
So now are you going to try to start a war there too? You can't wait to start a war somewhere. You are the first to go.
Venezuela lost its way but must come back again!!!
Restore our republic and rule of law first, end civil forfiture - a clear violation of the 4th amendment prohibition of seizure wit

If we would stop meddling it will happen sooner.

Great speech Mr. President you are truly making America great again thank you
...or what?
Necesitamos su apoyo y todo el mundo esto es dictadura hacen los q ellos quieran nos morimos d hambre mientras los políticos se enriquecen
Thank you so much President Trump! I am actually a DACA recipient from Venezuela.  It means a lot that you are looking out!
RACIST TRUMP first restore democracy and freedoms in USA.  Step down or you will be impeached.
You don't even believe in Democracy here. You had to ask Russia for help to get elected. You tell law enforcement to treat citizens poorly.
Off an priorities problem

You can't even unite THIS country, leave the others alone for heavens sake.
How about here in the United States, too? Sure would like democracy, where the will of the people governs. #RestoreUSDemocracy
HOW CAN U CALL 4 RESTORATION OF DEMOCRACY WHEN YOU ARE A RACIST FASCIST! I WANT DEMOCRACY RESTORED HERE IN THE US, YOU JUST NEED TO RESIGN!
Mind your own country's bussiness
Did i hear you say something about Sovereignty???
. HUH ????
