
If you were talking about a company, sure, but you're talking about an entire country! Exaggerator in chief!
You were historically unpopular, you lost the popular vote,and you're the most unpopular incoming POTUS. People are seeing!
you are delusional The sad part is the people who buy your bullshit #donaldtrump FAKE NEWS "I saved America money" FAKE
big lies and ties to Russians
tax returns?
you are the bomb! You are just what our country needs!#MAGA
100% chance of golden showers during the inauguration. Sad! Rigged!
you're not fooling anyone
but it flies in the face of liberals' plans to keep people unemployed, underprivileged, and dependent on them. #MAGA

Thanks Obama
Haha. With every announcement companies say it is because of Trump.  But live in your fantasy world...
you are the most unpopular president-elect in AMERICAN HISTORY! Sad!
the big stuff we'd like to see is your tax returns
Correct! Only d enemies re worried like Islamic Nigeria under Buhari, killing Biafrans. SAVE US DADDY!
OMG, it's true, YOU ARE CRAZY!!!
there is no one that does self praise better than you. You would think that one happy little bubble you live in. NOT!
I see a "big liar." #asshat
You are managing, top down. Something that we have not seen for 8 years.
Without any doubt never seen it...
ooooohhhh....big stuff. Wow
Yes. The cost reductions  will be advantageous for Japan to buy F-35 Fighters. Thank you, Donald.
.@realDonaldTrump Are you equally proud of the rapprochement between China and Latin America fuelled by your Twitter rants? #trumpgrammar
"big stuff" SNL will have an easy time picking you apart.  Try thinking first

already doing more than obama i love it!!!
F-35 has taken so long, now obsolete before full deployment. Stealth drones and airborne bomb trucks new delivery sysyem
You are such an eloquent speaker.
i want a Taco coño
Still mad you can’t use your aircraft, and have the US taxpayers pay for it? @realDonaldTrump
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
Only "big stuff" I see are big lies. From you.
The
Only big thing we see is your lying, mouth!!!!!
The people who are "stupid" and "fools" ?
Already shot Your wad, pee boy? #TrumpTaxes
Yeah like corruption, scandals, conflict of interest, your sanity etc
That's exactly what we had with the Clintons but then you're not old enough to remember.
Age is no indication of wisdom, besides I don't think they threatened the world on the internet everyday
the point isnt age . I lived through the garbage the Clintons brought us. You'll liv thru this too.
Then why did you mention age? People 18 - 25 voted 90 percent + #Dem, your generation of hate is the problem
I have never seen more hate than in this generation of brainwashed kids. You get revised fake history ....
looks like you're one of those who don't pay attention to how much you spend .. scrap that F-35
BUILD THE WALL
and put Mikey on the other side of it..
yeah the American side. You get shipped to Mexico where you Liberals belong.
that won't happen
too bad
for what?
too bad they won't put all the whiny ass libs on the other side.
and you guys aren't just as whiny or even worse?
you have to respect the black community
On Friday, a farcical idiocracy will get underway. An dimwit President elected by a minority of fools.

@POTUS It's in "quotes" so by "big stuff", you mean that whole small hands thing, right? #ButItWasInQuotes
congratulations Mr President! Soooo proud of you!!!do everything and don't look back!!!
Why the inverted commas? Is that an innuendo?
Most idiotic, clueless president elect goes to...
obama
your taking the country in the wrong direction your moving too fast this is not the hotel business your here to govern.
All the nay sayers are fearful of Making America Work Again Time for them to start contributing  Thank you President Trump
yep. No more handouts. Back to the good days of hand ups. They have to get off mommy's couch and go to work.
What's funny is, most middle Americans can't handle the work ethic in NYC.
union work ethic where they take 15 minute breaks every 2 hrs? Work non-union u better luv ur job.
You've clearly never been to NYC. People work their tails off for crazy hours. You couldn't handle it.
worked for 3 yrs on shrimp boats 18 hr dys 7 dys a wk for a month per trip. You are truly clueless
That sounds very unpleasant.
very hard work long stinky hrs But fun.I love the ocean.I was navy 5 yrs in cold war. Reagan pres.
you are truly dilusional
once again taking credit for Obama's success!
you have not negotiated anything on behalf of the u.s. government, including the military.
I is nice to see all you armchair political investigators know so much more than all the powers to be.
Yeah and those rumors that Carrier's plant "modernization" is a euphemism for automation (robots) are scurrilous lies.
BIG BULLSHIT! #bully#bribe#socialismforcorporations
Your nationalistic approach to policy will set the USA back by decades.  This isn't the 80s.  What a joke.  #trumpisafool
Ohhh my God - rooster taking credit for the sunrise again. You've done jack and shit to create jobs here.
liar
Right on! The " war Machine" corrupt Buissness! Government contractors have escalated cost of defenses. Strong is Peace!
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
a big someting
LIAR, cheat, amoral, Russian loving, LIAR. All you have done is attack Americans, our intelligence agencies, our reporters
@USSupremeCourt @OfficeGovEthics Trump is so hateful to our intelligence agencies, our reporters, our Govn. bodies how can
how can he be our POTUS. His allegiance is obviously for Russia Putin, how can he be POTUS
we will call and say PLEASE, we can't take all this winning!!!! But, you'll respond and say, we will CONTINUE to win big!!
You are not the president and are not authorized to make national purchases #liar
You also claimed Obama was Kenyan, that you'd release tax returns & create a blind trust. None of your claims were true.
You are so full of hot air.
Yes,Sir, we are!! 2 days and a wake up!! #MAGA
@mike_pence LongIsland,NY KNOW SOLDIERS NOT GETTGallTHEY NEEDsoGET THEM ALLtheyNEED inclSMALLstuffLkBulltPrf GEAR&GogglsEtc
*stuff. Yup.
yes we all are trump. we re  stand by u
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
Really--stop tweeting.
good ! Let the russian army to protect America!!!!
the only big stuff we see is your mouth
let your actions speak for you.be humble .Will you take credit that Americans have oxygen. Don't sound like a madman 
.@realDonaldTrump You haven't negotiated anything. YOU ARE NOT PRESIDENT YET.

We are seeing big BS. You are not pres yet, you haven't negotiated squat.
Dream on!!
"Big stuff" is a great euphemism for horse shit.
wow, ur insecurity and now jealousy is showing like your skirt.
just cut taxes .. I'm dying out here . 40% to the government in NYC
"big stuff" is a polite way to say it
Such double-plus good news!
Russian people?
u r taking credit & lying about things u had nothing 2 do with. Maybe a longer read tie would work 4 u? #conmaninchief
Big fluff @realDonaldTrump to Enter Office as Most Unpopular President in at Least 40 Years, Poll Finds - ABC News - http://abcn.ws/2k0pQqh 
A kid can write better than this! Let's get down what you really care about #PEOTUS. Do you bark #BigStuff before you #GrabThemByThePussy? 󾓦
He's an INDIVIDUAL with his own style and his own words. Respectful until he's provoked by stupidity.
when you build the wall put a high speed train on top of it to run across the whole border that would be great big time....
you are an illegitimate golden shower boy who makes love with Vladimir Putin.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
You really have no clue how ths works, do you...
I bet they credit obama and call you a racist
BULL PUCKY, You've been taking credit for decisions you had NOTHING to do with. 1/2
Uh, you aren't in office yet so you have no authority to negotiate anything. So your tweet is a LIE, Comrade. #sad
None of it can be attributed to you.
where from??? Toys R us??
So far all I'm seeing is big bullshit. Volvo truck factory in Dublin Virginia closed. Where's your magic wand to fix that?
I believe we see that you have no problem taking credit for work that you had no hand in.
The people see you fighting with everyone. Sad. Dude, stop!
not seeing big "stuff" but watching and waiting @OfficeGovEthics
The stuff the people are seeing is terrifying!  You are embarrassing. No class, no filter, no self restraint & no humility.
You're a Rock Star  in my book!!!
yah. Big rich guys making BIG BUCKS. It's all a big "something".
Yes! More people are with you then not. We won't forget who treated you badly either.
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
Why are YOU negotiating anything? YOU arent president?
Slowly but surely you Sir with the help of the Lord, you will bring this Country back from oblivion, Go Trump!
remain humble
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
I think it's beautiful, the effect you're having on everyone!  Some are jealous & hateful, tho, sadly.  Might change soon!

You haven't "negotiated" ANYTHING on military purchases!
Does the BS EVER end?
I know that's English but what's up with the secret code.
No Big Stuff.  Just small hands.
What was a property developer/media mogul doing negotiating on military purchases?
Big stuff in quotation marks? Please get off Twitter and develop longer, coherent statements with facts.
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
the only thing big is your mouth. So sick of you already
yes we are watching and hoping.
congratulations Mr President
ok but what about all the others that this doesn't apply to? You are the Ptesudent of EVERYONE in the U.S.
what's this country coming to Donald I worked hard all my life
yup!  Thanks to Obama- record job growth and lowest unemployment
Really? You have done nothing but talk about how great you think you are. Sad.
Awful. Awful. Awful. Get a grip little man. I'll eat my words if we're better off in two years. Be humble. Be caring.
you mean tiny hands.
when can we expect changes at the VA?
"big stuff" indeed
where are your tax returns!  U will never be my president with out tax returns!!!
a big load of bullshit
Are you at it again? You are really starting to bore me with your predictability. Your ratings have tanked. YAWN 
no. We just see your tiny hands. I know 3 year old more mature than you. Sad!
NO, Mr. Trump - the "people" are seeing the SWAMP getting BIGGER and BIGGER filled with more people like YOU - YIKES!!!!
bullshit! on you doing anything 4 us. Let's see what you do when your in charge besides take credit 4 work of others
when do you plan on taking your job seriously? I fear your ignorance and arrogance will start WWIII
Politicians spend our money. What do they care about costs. Thanks for looking out for us Sir

#prouddeplorable
we are watching. Looks great so far!
Obama leaves office with higher ratings than you.
Yo momma was like a racecar driver. She burns lots of rubbers!
Did you know they used to be called “Jumpolines” until your mum jumped on one?
