Doing a great job Mr President! 
Will you be taking #Clueless, I mean @Flotus along?
Jeez.. where does he get that kind of info from. America, you voted that into office ?!?!? Wtf??

Why not take your message to states that didn't vote for you? Afraid of standing before a "crowd" who can tell a truth from a lie? You lie!
Taxes pay for things like repairing damage from hurricanes, Don.
Taxes pay for things like studying shrimp on treadmills, etc., etc., etc., Lee.
And bridges, roads, hospitals, armies, border walls, power lines, trains.. The list is almost endless!
border walls? i thought the mexicans were paying for those????
That was like 19 batshit crazy news cycles ago.
are you trying to say trump either lies or changes his mind? doesnt sound like something a president would do...
Ikr but this one does it every day dude where have you been under a rock
#LiarInChief you can't just make shit up, we have Google.
♡☆☆☆☆☆♡
Resign
Welcome to North Dakota, your doing a great job.
No, @realDonaldTrump, we aren’t the highest taxed nation in the world
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
If I were Wharton, I'd demand my diploma back.
Maybe he meets some geese at 10k feet.. lovely birds.
A great state with wonderful people. Thanks for visiting this long forgotten place. Only President Trump is kind enough to visit N.D.!! MAGA
More lies, Trump. The US is NOT the highest taxed nation in the world, nor is it particularly close to being so.
What does North Dakota have to do with tax cuts?  Stop campaigning you orange ball of goo.  You won already!  Well.. U actually didn't but..
How would you know you haven't paid in 20years!
Really?? Because I live in England and you obviously have not paid a VAT before.
Donler, you know your statement is just a lie. We are far from being taxed most. We dont even make the top 25!!
You have the library of Congress, major universities and intelligent professors at your disposal.  Yet you choose to lie, lie, lie.
No you are not. You need to stop the lies or no one will take you seriously.
Although tbh I think that ship has sailed.

Since you don't like reading words - here's a chart for you....
Hope North Dakota has some nice golf courses. Fore!
Really? #HurricaneIrma is heading to Puerto Rico and that’s the first message you put out this morning? 
Nothing about #HurricaneIrma and the US Virgin Islands? 
No, you’re right, “tax reform” is totally important while the west is burning, Houston’s flooding, and #HurricaneIrma heads towards the US 
We spend the most on military, is there a connection?
The most taxed nation in the world?  Are you insane?  You really need to fact check that statement!
There are countries in which employees pay 80%+ of their income to the nation they live in.
Lets be like them ? You need your second round of rabies shots lol
That is a lie. There are other countries that have much higher taxes and Norwegian countries have better quality of life, ranked happiest.

This is 'Patriotism' according to the Democrats.

To paycheck, all due to greedy CEO'S, Ya know people,like your close friends!!
What? I'm usa born and have worked around the world. This is false. Please show your references.
America is not the highest taxed nation in the world.  It doesn't even break the top 10. You get what you pay for.
Stop repeating this LIE. Omg wtf is wrong w you?!
Except you're not, you liar
I mailed my quarterly taxes today. No secrets here. How about you? Are you ready to show us yours?
You should go golfing instead.
That's not true
fact check? living and Belgium and feels quite different here than in the US
I would love to have a tax break
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @seanhannity Any compromise MUST move the country to the right. Historically these have moved us to the left. #MAGA
Stop lying. Don't fool people. No more
can you for once in your far too long life fact check instead of just spewing random bullshit jfc
That isn't true.

Business tax, my dude
Twenty-five nations right off the bat whose CORPORATIONS are taxed at a higher rate. TWENTY-FIVE. He is SUCH A CON MAN. I am so disgusted.
Good, stay mad. Your anger gives me life
Wow, you gave up on that really quickly.
I believe our corporate tax should be the lowest in the world. We're already at 3% GDP growth, and if sustained will assure a 2nd term
No, that's a lie. 

Also, you molest women and brag about it.
We are #16, not #1. These lies have got to stop.
Sen var ne demek
Hope with some of the taxes you save the companies they can afford to sponsor visas for good ppl who REALLY want to move to USA & help. >ME!
Ur Tax Return will come out dommer than later & then u will be impeached & locked up .
#ClearlyDidntHaveAMeritScholarshipToWharton
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - t...
Liar.
I can't stop laughing. Come to Canada if you think your taxes are too high. 
Wish SSI/D straightened out. Was told id get back pay from at least 2009 to present.they sent me part of 1year. Can't live on 490 a month
Speak to us about REALITY. The USA doesn't own it's own BANK! We had corporations who backed HITLER. Be BRAVE, expose this scum! You know.
LOL..this coming from the #LiarInChief I'll wait the "2 weeks" to find out the details!!  LOL...Release your taxes!!!!
stop with the easily proven to be false statements like this, which seems to be one of ur favs along with Mexico will pay for the wall
How about prioritizing the middle class first!  Insurance for all, education for all for 14 years, and availability of food programs.
Liar! One of the lowest taxed countries!
Fact check you bloody lunatic!! How can anyone trust your bullshit???
Furthermore there is not ONE example where tax cuts to the rich leads to prosperity for anyone other than rich #usapoli #inequality #auspol
Right. When are we supposed to see yours again? Is that "audit" over yet?
This is a LIE told by the fattest loser in the world. Now that is a FACT!!
nice one
This is a big fat lie.  We are not "the highest taxed nation in the world"...what planet are you from?!
You're FAKE NEWS!!!! #LiarInChief
Totally false. US is below average of all 1st world countries @ 26% GDP. Stop Lying to us! You're the President for God sake.
Estate taxes? We work hard all our lives to save and build and pay taxes only to have our children re-taxed after we pass. Wrong! @POTUS
OMG did you see Don's word salad from Mandan 2 days ago?  I've heard more coherent sentences from people actively having strokes.
Not even close. The U.S. pays the 23rd highest tax rate in the world according to data compiled by the OECD in 2015
It happens in isrsel too...
Another of your lies.
We are the lowest taxed major nation in the world.
But many other countries have higher taxes! This is an outright lie. An untruth. Fake news
I have put myself in jeopardy just by expressing my opinion as this is heavily monitored. I hope some of this will get to the PRESIDENT!
Do you really believe this? Or are you intentionally lying? Or are you just monumentally ignorant? Who told you this? Did you research it?
Again, saying stuff that is not factual except in your own little delusional world.
Liar 
Not true.
Tremendously wrong!!!!!
We are (not even) the (25th) highest taxed nation in the world! http://nordic.businessinsider.com/wef-countries-with-the-highest-tax-rates-2016-9/ …
Not even close to being the highest taxed nation. More #alternativefacts from the fact-free president. Sad!
That's not right!
Someone needs to fact check you.  You're a habitual liar.
You mean tax cuts for the rich!  How about a just tax code. Remember corporations are people. No more corporate tax code then - all 1040.
U.S. tax rates are not the highest, in fact our effective tax rates mean the U.S. has very low rates.
A just deal indeed. Encore.
You really don't know what your talking about do you??
Come in greece and you will understand which is the highest taxed nation in the world
Canada has high taxes but they also have health insurance for all, a dependable infrastructure, beautiful public trans.  Some things cost $
Fire the whole staff of workers in DC that are loyal to others & stop progress in offices as Federal Employees not the big guys they support
Not in the world! Look at Finland, Norway, and Sweden.
Check ur facts
Great.Drop taxes,build wall,sanction NorthKorea to the max
Thank you Sir♡
No we're not Denmark is, dumbass
another day another LIE
So so stupid. Yet people continue to believe everything he says without looking up the facts.
People = stupid, also.
No joke there either.
We are not the highest taxed nation in the world. Do your homework and get the facts right
Except we're not even close. Jesus you're a disingenuous dipshit.
That is so ridiculously false. We are a nation with very low taxes. Never lived abroad?
elaborate what type of taxes because income no Denmark, Finland, France & more exceed US. US Corp tax high but many breaks
That's a bigly lie. We are not the highest taxed nation in the world. When will you learn to tell the truth??
You're going to North Dakota to lie again?  Business as usual for you. I'd be astounded if you ever told the truth.
ANYONE believe this shit?
I think he meant to say " We aren't the highest taxed nation - but that will change! High taxes for the poor, and tax breaks for the rich.
Time to stop stealing from the American people and give back what you took. S.S. was not meant to be a gov't piggy bank.
That is a false statement. We are nowhere near the highest corporate tax rate.
Will daddy be taking his little girl with him.
Highest taxed?  Another LIE...
Both "Wars on Drugs" and "Terror" have taken away more of the Rights of Americans than anything. Afghanistan produces 90% of opium, STOP IT!
Find a hole and stay in it
Stop telling lies!!!!
Lie
Even the Deplorables are leaving ur sinking ship. Matter of time before U are impeached & the US saved from a nightmare.
@realDonaldTrump  Stop lying.
The Super-Rich. The weathiest amoung us, Cry out in great need and desperation "Help us Orange-One. You're our only hope".
You need to get your facts straight and stop with your fake facts.  How can a president be so uninformed and bizarre? Out of touch!
Try fact checking.
We are not the highest taxed nation in the world. Try reading a book tbere Einstein.
No DACA. Close the border. Build the wall. No amnesty. Lie with dogs Pelosi/Schumer, get up with fleas. Keep promises. Internal enforcement.
.@POTUS @GOP Estonia is higher than U.S.
When you lie; you lose.
Fake news, fake president.
Well that's a lie.
Medicare is a fund that ALL Americans paid in all their working years, that $$ shouldn't be used to finance wars or anything, that is OURS!
No you guys aren't
Oh goody, another round of liar or incompetent fool! Let's play!
Is that true?  I don't believe we are the highest taxed country in the world.  I think you made that up.
Everything accused is what the other party was involved in, they just flipped it all on you. Get them out, they are dirty, you know how to
well Sir, hurry up and change it please!!!!
Ultra Rich have no business bypassing Congress & public opinion. Too many elected officials are paid well or being blackmailed to do TREASON
We are not the highest taxed nation in the world. Quit lying.
fake news starts at the trump white house. this is complete bullshit!
LIES LIES LIES LIES WRONG LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES
We are not the highest taxed nation. We're not even close.
The Highest tax Nation in your little world is what you really mean. I am just correcting it for you.
No you are not stop lying
No we aren't. Lolol
Highest taxed nation in the world? Norway reach 60%... Quebec province in Canada reach 55%... how dumb are you? 
Need to #BuildTheWall and get the illegals out.. No more playing games with them.. Until we make a stand it will continue No more #illegals
When does Mexico have ANY responsibility?
Good question.. Thats what i said when they offered to help with harvey.. Bring a bus and come get your citizens that would be a big help
No we aren't. It's called fucking google. If you can watch fox news, you can spend 30 seconds typing it into google. Moron.
Only the middle class is over taxed. Wealthy should be taxed higher, pay SS no matter how much they make and raise the minimum wage.
The US is NOT the highest taxed country in the world!!
We're not even in the top 20 most taxed nations in the world. You are seriously under-developed north of the shoulders.
Changing Taxes: the sooner the better
Speaking of taxes, what about yours? #taxes
So peak pls like you and the other 1%ers don't have to pay them
And another lie.
That is not true as usual .
#Russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #russia #MuellerIsComing
みま
23% (USA) vs 46% (SWE) in 2009... big big difference... Highest taxed country in the world? Wouldn't think so you liar 
You lie so easily.

@DevinNunes is a traitor to these great United States of America.

P:lease retweet in support of holding him accountable. https://twitter.com/MotherJones/status/906291869763518464 …
Donny, you need to check your facts first. You have zero creditability.
We are one of the lowest taxed industrial nations actually. And our infrastructure, health quality and educational attainment show it.
I live in the most taxed country in the world (Denmark) the US ain't even close
No, THIS may be the most uneducated thing you've ever said. Google "socialist wealth redistribution".
why do you always have to lie about everything???????
If that is the case, then why are we so dirt poor. Why is there insurance so high!  Why can't we afford to take  A vacation
We're 28th you greasy cheeto. Why don't you spout some REAL FACTS and do your job
Nope. You are wrong again. Try reading something for a change.
Liar.
Please educate yourself before saying stupid stuff!  There are MANY more countries with much higher taxes ok income, property etc.
And he still thinks people will buy such an idiotic fabrication. 

Some do, unfortunately. A shame he can't be hard-wired to a polygraph.

