@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenTedCruz @HouseGOP  What is going on? This is beyond pathetic. Do your damn jobs.
Leave my house 
, you're pathetic
R u still there as president really really? I think of you went into kitchen cabinet making business you'll be more successful sir.
Maybe try nominating people who aren't criminal.
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet....
Or should we say cofvee
They won't either , they want a shadow government!
Deme hve no power remember. U aren't sending nominees if not going thru when u do send it's R 's blockingb
...because #DonaldTrumpTheFailure's Cabinet are too corrupt to pass background checks...
Not acceptable!! Obamas cabinet wasnt stopped we have to stop the madness
Go after H8lkary criminally, linch, criminally obstruction Comey
maybe the best thing to do is cry like a baby on Twitter about it. Oh, hang on... You beat me to it.
I think it's perfectly sensible. It's just less paperwork for when your #impeachment comes. 
what is pathetic is you still talking about the election
I want the money for Santuary City removal and ermLimits.
Screw the Dems..they won’t stop....Just keep winning. I know it isn’t easy,
Flynn,your choice(!)seems to be guilty of treasonous behavior! Maybe that's why everyone has to be extra careful
It shows how intimidated they are by our President and the American people majority. I praise you Me President.
You do know that the Senate is controlled by @gop?  Right??   Are you sure you have nominated a full cabinet?   Seems like another lie.
Please remember our children are watching how you treat your wife. @realDonaldTrump
Its so pathetic that you can Twitter but not #POTUS. Fire yourself and save your country while you still can. #childish #getwrecked
They are pathetic.?
Me
Lmao
That's because they are a bunch of nazi bullshit artists just like you
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Really? After ignoring obama's judge candidate.... wake up and smell the BS
and they will blame it on you when things don't happen because of it...seems like democrats hate America
grow up baby boy. It's about time you learned something about the real world.
Well could be that Flynn is under FBI investigation. Sessions committed perjury. DeVos is hurting our schools.So much more, not enough space
What's Pathetic is your choice for full cabinet. NEWSFLASH: Not everyone likes the same shit you do. #Impeach45
it's pathetic, as president, you are calling the people of YOUR country pathetic.
You mean your Gastapo? Your dream team of spies, Russian cohorts & liars? Your ineffective, treasonous pack of scumbags?SAD
AND still have not. They are beginning to make me very 
when are you going tobuild a wall because i dont want you to
u can stop at "pathetic" they are criminally, so.
Release your taxes. Not  the 2005. All of them.
Who cares about tax forms.   Put America to work.   Those that don't want to ...let them leave the US for a socialist country
think why
so frustrating we need to fix the bill and get it together Please the American people need help
"I bet you don't know" that those many vacant positions have no appointees to approve, right?  YOU have to appoint them!
Nominated any more yet? Or is that too hard for wittle Trumpy? Or has Putin not decided yet?
It is so pathetic you can;t submit  worthy candidates.
They are trying to undermine your authority. Pls, have several 'trusted' lawyers advising you about possibilities..
I think what's pathetic is America made this mistake!
And re-elected Obama clown
Pick kaepernick since he's doing a better job than those fools you picked
are they that afraid you will be the best President we have ever had?!  What a disgrace
no this is a disgrace to the American people are they that afraid your going to be that successful an the best President
you have been looking through a circus mirror for so long "reality" passed you by. Bad drugs you take.  How is Alice' mom
actually, your cabinet picks are pathetic.
My parents were the same with my Tall Boy. Where'd you go, IKEA?
sad thing is you're in control of the senate, it's just that your cabinet sucks so much
look at the creeps you're apoointing.
Even this fraud had his lackeys approved!
let me eat that ass
my balls hurt #blueballs
If they weren't so entangled with Russia and were fully vetted first, they'd go through faster.
This is not how it works
Not how any of it works
Why is your cabinet all billionaires?  What happened to draining the swamp?  Instead you hired the swamp critters.
cabinet from the swamp
drain the swamp
@Amberhe81390420  to much CORRUPTION in YOUR CHOICES!
cry babies and sore losers is all they are. keep up the great work sir
They should sir. We need your hand in Kenyan politics brother.
Yes it is! It's very immature too.
hmm.. wonder why ?
, , time to take the gloves off and go after Hillary, the foundation and expose them for what they are doing
it's just stupid and disrespectful
It's pathetic that you think you Cabinet is worth approving
Gee I wonder why. Hey you have a majority in the senate.  Are u sure it's the dems?
you're pathetic
you're cabinet is made up of a bunch of ignorant imbeciles  #FreedomOfSpeech
maybe they wanna help you "drain the swamp"
The dems have to have the time to leak everything they can. I wonder what they are trying to hide or find. Fire the 800
oBAMA OBSTRuCTIONISM, He is said to graduated Harvard w/ HI judge, and was there day before decision against Trump.
very unprofessional comment for the person occupying position of #potus
not as pathetic as your picks
Concur.  Why can't you and Ryan get the GOP united on Healthcare to show true active leadership versus the ongoing fragmentation?
you failed civics class, didn't you?
trump tell me whare is dollar going know I want make only 400000$ after then I am close give me right direction please.
thank you trump
trump dakh dollar neecha jana chhaya nai to mana chorna nai mari GBPUSD buy lagi ha bss 1.2170 sa neecha jaya main wash
@Bev_kilmer They want America to fail so they can become mindless robots
Keep exposing those that hinder by name & their evil lawbreaking deeds! Only way to oust them is to reveal their evil doings continuously!
. It would help if you was honest. At your age still acting like a kid. Sad for you and America. Wonder what you kids think?
dam globists  at work
@dudleyglenda19 # why should they approve a house full of racist derelicts, who only think of the rich gettin tax cuts.
another cupcake comments
It's pathetic that you're the POTUS
If you had vetted first, cabinet approval would be easy.
it's pathetic that any of your cabinet has been approved. You should resign immediately.
maybe it's because all your picks are unqualified for the job much like you!!
you will always be pathetic
Popular vote always matters. It may not elect the president but a lack of majority will make his life a living hell.
Thats because you made idiotic choices for your cabinet
no shit pretty sad looks like they trying to make sure you fail .
It is because you keep picking idiots and criminals...DAH!
I do like that you are blunt and how you have a lot of things planned for America but isn't it time to start acting on them
you know if you'd start acting like our president instead of a toddler maybe they would accept you. Ever think of that
WHATS PATHETIC IS YOU AND YOUR CABINET!!!!
nah, you are simply a pathetic individual....
You are being nicer than I would be.
it's not pathetic. It's smart. The options are pathetic.
what's pathetic is the time you spend tweetin, and making false accusations against the office ofor the presidency.
They have been some pretty awful choices. Especially DeVoss and Sessions. Why not get people that know something???
Nit as RIDICULOUS as an old Oompa Loompa making wild conspiracy theories about previous presidents
what's pathetic is u never stop complaining
You shouldn't have tried ramming thru picks that have not completed background checks. That's a betrayal of the people.
With Republican majorities in the House & Senate, thou really can't blame Dems.
it is absolutely pathetic   Everything dems have done has been either obstructive or destructive.  No cooperation
Pathetic? Or wise?
the republicans have done much worse. Not approving is the only weapon dems have right now. I approve it 
@TLandin you can BLAME McConnell for that he's not your friend #recallMcConnell
agree
@chaplaindrake I was going to say we'll do it to them but I don't think they will ever win another POTUS after we MAGA!!!
No shit Einstein ...
not surprising, they fear u, they like more & more spending/expanding bureaucracy, u r the cure 4 that!
It's so pathetic that you haven't filled out the rest of your 518 seats for your administration yet.
Its hard getting things approved, especially when theyre not qualified #FAKENEWS #FAKEPRESIDENT
WTF? You don't need the Dems. Or didn't you know that
Stop tweeting, golfing at Mar-a-largo, whining, watching and reading fake news, and get to WORK...YOU ARE A LYING P.O.S.
Ck out Google CEO, who I believe has the goods on  nobama
If you did your job, they could then do theirs.
No, what's pathetic are the people you're trying to bring on.
True
They thought you would not be able to get anything done, yet you have accomplished more than most Presidents in 51 days!!!
Yep, more golf, more lies, more bans that don't work, more blame on others, more Russian collusion. #resist
are you serious! Really tho...
这事你说的不算，快给民主党塞钱
#RELEASEYOURTAXRETURNS
Have you seen the devastating wildfires in Texas, Ok, Kansas and Co? I love you, but please recognize this catastrophe!!
please grow up and stop acting childish. Horrible. Ur like a child. Be a man.
- keep up the good work. You are our "PRESIDENT"!!
You are the Best thing that has happened to America. Holdfast and keep doing what you're doing.
It is so pathetic that you won't take anyone who shows the slightest sign they may not be your bootlicker.
Cabinet full of billionaire buddies. #TraitorTrump
LIAR! If u'd take a break frm vacationing & doin personal business on MY dime u mite gt smthing done 4 the AMERICAN PEOPLE.
if you hire people that are worthy of the job. you're hiring the ones that created the collapse of the economic system
you nominate fools & clowns
Obama was the ultimate Clown !!   Red line bs cost 1000s their lives
They are really out to sink you, but don't worry. We the People are with you! Take America back from the socialists.
