We
And he better or he's OUT....
"Just put anything on my desk, I have ADHD and my reading sucks! And I don't need anymore to explain anything to me!!  Unless it's Putitin"
--Dumpling Plump
"Just put anything on my desk, I have ADHD and my reading sucks! And I don't need anyone to explain anything to me!!  Unless it's Putitin"
--Dumpling Plump
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace, Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk f...
Lmao
Stop taking vacation and get your   back to work

China no.1
Ditch Mitch
Come on Mitch get it done or go home @POTUS has work to do
Also please start your own party I can not stand the republican party. I can not donate money to them anymore
mr President, You have to fire the Attorney General. Session He is no good.
Rocket sprocket you tell 'em
44
U tell him, Mr. President
Thank you. President Trump. #MAGA #Wall #TaxCut #DitchMitch #ResignRyan
Go get em Big DJT!!!
Do you think that we could get some help in the trucking industry.
Mitch has weak work ethics poor EXAMPLE
#yeshecan #keeptrolling #maga #ilovemyPOTUS
McConnell is a spineless and ball less wimp who needs to step down and let a REAL American take his place
No Repeal or Replace! See Americans need healthcare! And if the GOP would just Vote yes on H.R.676 you could actually replace Obamacare!
Tax cuts first then everything else.
hi your a President what Drama you are making drama and movies what you do i don,t like this work by
Act like the president
. I know we've not seen it in 8 yrs (remember the black guy), but congress the house and senate work WITH you, NOT FOR you.
WHY DON'T YOU AND MITCH GET INTO A BOXING RING AND DUKE IT OUT.  I'D PAY TO SEE THAT.  YOU'RE ALL TALK, NO ACTION.
do you know how to use a phone? #notateen #growup #lord save us!
Great job  trump  keep up the good work.
The hardest thing you've done is lift a pen.
Hey 45, you're not a King. You Don't order the Senate around. Try getting off the golf links and work for your agenda!
They haven't worked in so long they forgot how, you will have to train to get our agenda passed. MEETINGS,MEETING & MORE MEETINGS. SHAMEFUL
Aw, what the hell. Fire all the Republicans.  Then you only have the weak Democrats to work with.  Miracles will happen.
Hey Mitch, America voted for Trump, only Kentucky voted for you.  Get to POTUS agenda, or get out of the way
They *can* do it, Mr President. They WON'T. They don't like you & so they refuse to work. Must be nice to collect a paycheck & not work.
Bite me
Keep up the great job President TRUMP 
So proud to have you as our President! @
Same for the Dems .  Do something good for once and join for progress , not obstruction
Infrastructure?Infrastructure?when?
President Trump it's time to punish these people.
I support my president
ONLY reason 2 DEMAND 51 votes is because you r INCAPABLE OF REACHING 60 (August 10, 2017; 12:40 EDT) #TRUMPCARE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
again, WHAT A SHIT SHOW (August 10, 2017; 12:40 EDT) #TRUMPCARE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
2nd tweet in two months re FIFTY-ONE votes on (August 10, 2017; 12:40 EDT) #TRUMPCARE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
I always find that if I want to motivate someone, I thump them on the chest with my outstretched paw. #works for me.
Congress is on their 4th vacation of the year..they work so hard...........you just have to laugh sometimes
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr tax reform and Healthcare and infrastructure need to be finalized or face voters Wrath get done!

 
apparently McConnell just takes up space in Washington. His days are numbered in the senate.

@realDonaldTrump Do not get mad because it say obama name on the healthcare just roll with it and fix ObamaCare
@realDonaldTrump lil homie can stop from trying to repeal and Replace ObamaCare because it's going to happen
@realDonaldTrump you need to put A Lot of Money Out here for Poor black low income people Also Black People is not asking you for nothing
@realDonaldTrump You think that you can push an individual around and scare human people but Naw lil homie
Please DO NOT allow the fake news in any and all white house news briefings. Line in the sand.
Trump. Go back to swindling sub contractor. Resign fool.
mitch sucks, Rand Paul policies are perfect and Trumps doing wanderful job so far on my book
Repeal don't replace.
While your at it.....why don't you resign?
Mitch should be able to read this on Twitter.
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeewe
This path 2 HC Reform/ making TAX REFORM also poss could turn it around4 him >> darn SMART idea #HealthcareBill https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1GcGfhN_0w … … …
热爱推特的总统
Scheiß Juden Fotze
Judentum ist ein kurzer Tag der offenen Tür
MITCH IS AN APPARATCHIK AND A FOOL.  I HAVE MY DOUBTS HE WILL DO WHAT YOU ASK HIM FOR. GET RID OF HIM AND PAUL RYAN TOO.
To all that want Single Payer insurance. It would be just like what the VA gets. Ask a vet.
Get it together all of you or move over and let someone else get behind President Trump
Mitch hate the Tea Party and has openly said so. Get him out of there. He and Ryan work to make you fail.
Why does a man that pay bills on time can't get a home lone
...says the guy who is always on vacation...
Get over ACA Mr. President.  You lost. We won. Get over it ! Why don't you simply fix what is broken w/aca ? So far. Your ideas suck !
Get back to work and do your job as president...
Know that the Christian Voters are with you.Many of us PRAY daily for you and your family.
We believe that God placed you & He w/protect YOU
We?? You only speak for yourself lady dont throw all of us in the same nut boat as you

You could be great at apologizes
Yeah geez Mitch the president probably has a golf game or a meeting with his neo nazi group to get back to
Get it done
McConnell and Boehner showed the  country they hadn't done any reading on the Obama care bill.  They don't do their homework
Reconnect to your spirituality.
How about you get back to work and condemn racism and violence? Thank you Mr. Romney for pitting America before your ego.
Screw you trump
Well said sir!
But does he want 2 do it? Maybe u should ask his wife.
Time for congress to stop hating Trump and get things done for the country! GOP is spineless. Shame on them!
Can you please just apologize for your  statement regarding the fine people on the protest. Everyone makes mistakes! Just admit it.
Obama didn't have to beg his cabinet to sign papers. But then again Obama's order of things was not bat poop crazy!
I am so disgusted by the do-nothing Republicans. Drain the swamp!
he better or get out of the office, we need someone who wants to get things done @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp
down and work with their congress. That's how things get done. You have no knowledge, we all can see that.
Presidents, the best ones, get involved with congress helping leading. then goes around the country selling what has been accomplished.
#RepealAndReplace #TheRYNOS
122,000 likes & rising
Well I guess the left wants us2 believe there hundreds of thousands of #RussianBots that are supporting @POTUS  lol
#opFreedomRepossession
Listen:
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence New simplified #TaxPlan: Ind & Sm Bus Flat Tax 10% (keep all deductions); Corp. Flat Tax 15% (No Deductions)
If it was that easy why haven't you written your own. A genius such as yourself should be able to make them an offer they can't refuse.
You got it!  The left is against ÀMERICIA, just like they were with president Lincoln, destroy history like the terriost do in middle East
get back to golf
Grow a pair, step away from Twitter and go talk to the man face to face!
God bless you, President Trump! My family is praying for you. There is no safer place than standing according to God's will.
FIRE MITCH MCCONNELL....LOSER...BOUGHT & PAID FOR
healthcare? self-insure America, nationalize the insurance industry vampire.
I GUESS EVEN TRUMP WANTS THE FUTURE FRIENDS PT 2 YASSS @mitchgrassi @scotthoying @SUP3RFRUIT #FUTUREFREINDS
He could do it but he won't. He can't however close his mouth & get that stupid look of his face. He's a mouth breather
Ha Larry us!
A lot of nerve you have. Plan on working any time this presidency?
Mitch knows @WVGovernor is now the deciding and winning repeal vote, Mitch does not want repeal of #OBAMACARE - disgraceful
So sad you still don't know how bills and laws are passed. You can sign anything you want on your desk, it still won't be come a law !!!
Haven't you heard. Mitch hates your guts.
tax cuts for the billionaires like yourself? trickle down economics doesn't work and neither do you.
You can't get a great bill when you keep peddling this bullshit! Realize you have no good or original ideas
God bless you President Trump.  You are in my prayers.
Mitch should work as hard as you, Mr. President!
All night long
U Rock Mr. President!
I second that!
i guess no one told you that isn't how it works.  You sitting aroubd with your pen waiting for everyone else to do your jib
You need to have a speech from your heart about all those groups to the public to make a point on racism
I burned your tweet.
Keep burning 
Yes, he can, IF he just WILL!!!
Thank you President Trump for caring enough about us Americans to keep your promises. #refreshing
D I T C H   M I T C H !!!!!!!!!!
#resign ! You can do it!
I am disappointed in your reaction to Charlottesville. I think first amendment is fine but the NeoNatzis taking to violence is horrific!

Blah blah blah!
If my boss was talking to me in such condescending term I would tell him to f@$&k off.
Mitch is on vacation and will get back to you in a few months.....beep
Hold their feet to the fire.
God bless you Mr President.
Yeah. Right.      Maybe years from now
Let s see if this call of President Trump, politicians can be trusted. Majority GOP yet so weak, yellow, poor producer....copy Trump!?%#*
Did you not know the WH was inhabitable.  Getting a new AC etc?  Working from NJ.  Ten hours a day work and 4 hours golf. I work and golf.
I wish Mitch would work as hard on the repeal and replace as he is working against concertive  republicans and the president.
#ImpeachTrump
The harder you work the less you have
Term limits mr president, please, term limits
But he won't because he's part of the cult! We need to vote out all the "progressive" cult members who are posing as public servants! #MAGA
Then you won't have cover sir. With respect,  pretty sure syphillus is a #preexistingcondition.
#ditchMitch
Do some work yourself. At your age your golf game is not going to get better no matter how many rounds you play.
Impeach Trump!
Mitch sucks Mr. president
shame, shame we know your name #what a load of trump
Can we just repeal & replace you and Pence.  It would be nice to have humans in the WH instead of clowns.
Supporting Trump requires a compromises of rational, ethical & moral values

Here: Public shaming & refusal to take responsibility
So sad...too bad. Donald, I thought you were the great deal maker. I guess not. This is really going to destroy your brand.
