Shout out to the CH53 Crew Chiefs grinding it out on that flight deck. Siempre Fi. #HotRack
Maybe you'd like to explain why he thought it appropriate to throw paper towels at suffering Puerto Rican's?
Good question. How degrading. This guy has no sense of grace. Embarrassing
Conversely the soldiers are meeting with one of America's Worst.. of course I mean Trump dunderhead.
We miss President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle
SARAH ... 

Fine. But what about your treatment of our fellow US citizens in Puerto Rico? Implying that because of $ owed banks the ppl r on their own?
How about, you know, meeting with AMERICAN CITIZENS IN PUERTO RICO?
See ya tomorrow when you’re bashing him in Las Vegas!
What underhanded statement will he make there?
I’m sure you’ll tweak his message somehow! It’s harder to listen to understand a message than to listen to reply with hate.
So, what exactly did he mean when he called the Mayor of San Juan “nasty?”
That she is a Mayor who is seeking political recognition by bashing Trump for not deliverying supplies while she stands in front of supplies. Also, she does not attend FEMA meetings or cooperates with authorities. She is trying to run for Governor. Her actions are nasty.
She was out helping her people when Trump went on a Twitter whine fest about NFL players and then went to play golf.
I guess you want them to shut down the airports and invade PR with security instead of FEMA workers so POTUS can go and stand around with his thumb up his butt in the first few days. He stayed out of the way. He spent Saturday at his Golf Course. Did he golf? IDK?
POLL 

Who cares more for our troops??

Vote below and #retweet
WE SUPPORT OUR TROOPS!! THEYRE THE BEST! 
AMERICA FIRST!!
Why not people first? Secluding ourselves only hurts us. But even still, you waited an eternity before helping PR. Which is America btw.
Last time I checked Trump was U.S. President not UN President.
PR is a us territory, those are actual us citizens.
Actually they are not citizens but treated as such
They have fought in almost every war by our troops. I think that counts even if you were right.
Are these the "COAST GUARD" finest?? HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHA!!

5 Draft Deferments for a sore toe.
There's a lot of brain watch CNN viewers in the comments

Who cares what they are as long as we know they are our fine military who is out there trying to protect us. You are so petty!!!
God Bless Potus & FLOTUS 

Too bad America's finest are meeting this imbecile of a POTUS
picturesR "nice" & CHEAP! ACTIONS R FAR MORE IMPORTANT! WhereR they NOW, in REAL TIME...??? !!!
It's great you're meeting with these young pple. God bless you.

Just can’t stop defending the indefensible, can you, Sarah.
I love the hell out of you guys but truly what the hell is happening with our veterans fake news stories no transparency equals butchershops
What about the citizens who have been affected?  No, he keeps patting himself on the back instead.
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
It is a natural disaster assessment not a photo op
TY POTUS Trump for acknowledging the hard work of the Coast Guard. Often times their work/service gets overlooked. My uncle retired frm CG
Sarah is a political token payback
Melania in spandex yoga pants and fresh work boots?  Bob Hope would be proud.

The truth about Puerto Rico  & it's not the propaganda Mayor of #SanJuan has been spewing w/MSM & cluless celebritiesRT 
#TakeAKnee 
God, I ♡ President Trump!
As usual Melania looks beautiful. Love our first family
Trump is an idiot &Lacks http://Compassion.Talk  of budget during national disaster?  I want to beat him with my pocketbook !
Trump 2600 Counties. Clinton 500. Get over it.
He’s doing an amazing job with response! Far better than President Obama’s response to Hurricane Sandy.
He sometimes says the wrong thing and doesn't always say the right thing. But his heart is in the right place.
I'm struck of no mention of kneeling during the N.A. @ hockey opener in L.V. After shooting? Because they didn't
Click and Scroll. Everybody link back to this, my account, and my tweets:
https://twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks/status/920113102242291713 …
not to be confused with his white supremacists in Charlottsville with swastikas, torches & KKK pointy hats Trump called "very fine people"??
He never said WS were fine people - everyone knows it. Stop with the fake news.
Um....He literally said this. Stop being denial
What don’t you read the paragraph right before that. He was directly referring to the people that weren’t part of either group.
What part of “that” group do you not understand? That group is the one who marched on Charlottesville.
But I guess every single person in that town are horrible bad people and the only good guys were the ones beating the shit out of everyone.
Yeah, good people is the one who literally ran people with car and 1 women died because of it, according to your logic
He didn’t say there weren’t bad people. He just said not all were bad like the media was saying.


What's he being locked up for? 
Oh you'll see very soon.  We know it'll be hard for you.  But... you kinda deserve it.  #MuellerTime
So you don't know either? 
That's your big response? Sigh...  move along, amateur.
Again why is he going to be impeached and locked up?You do know he can't be charge with anything while holding office, right?
@VP @Cabinet Stay safe sailors on @USSKearsarge The @RealDonaldTrump really does not care about your sacrifice.
Trump campaign subpoenaed over sexual assault allegations @CNNPolitics
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS mmmmm
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 

.@Varneyco nails it  

MSM has clear contempt for @POTUS & can do no right in their eyes…
The deadly ambush Donald Trump hasn't yet acknowledged
The deadly ambush Donald Trump hasn't yet acknowledged  you are all such cowards....and this is your responsibility.... selective fake news
Alt-headline:
5 time Draft Dodgers thanks those brave enough to serve their country
#fucktrump #itmfa #fuckyocouch

“Trump will punch you instead of helping after a hurricane.” Got it.
and while there did #5xdraftdodger #cowardtrump apologize 4 force someone else fight maybe die in Vietnam in his place? #magaIMPEACH
https://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/347176/trump-compliments-air-force-rep-for-coast-guards-work-in-puerto-rico/ … you don’t know the difference between Coast Guard and Air Force #unfit
Beautiful pic!

Hiding behind the military. Never posing with civilians (Because we all know what a #dotard you are). How can you hold your head up, #trump?
93% still no electricity. Those in the distant villages...nothing you say it#becauseurafuckingmoron
Are you sure you know who is in the coast gaird now?
He did exactly what he said he'd do.  See the MILITARY SHIP???
#fucktrump
@POTUS doesn’t even know the difference between the #coastguard and the #AirForce .  #pathetic
Did he know if they were Coast Guard or Air Force? #trumpisanidiot
No you. You only care for yourself
@realDonaldTrump  Voted, retweeted. We love our troops..
#OurTruumps keeping it  24/7/365
Mr. PRESIDENT, Throwing rolls of paper towels into crowd of SUFFERING people is VERY DISRESPECTFUL & NOT Presidential! Have you considered..
If only they could have met some of America's finest!
During the election, you daidcthe military was a,mess.
So glad I don't have to stand near that POS trump complete garbage
WHICH ONE SARAH? AIRFORCE or COAST GUARD?
I am so proud to have Trump and the first lady looking out for us as Americans and thank you Sarah You’re all the best
Now did he actually remember who he was talking to, or did he call them by a different branch of military's name again

Army , Navy , Air Force, Coast Guard, aaarggh who knows because tRump doesn’t FFS!
So thankful as a Veteran for a real commander in chief.
امریکہ صدقے تیرے جاواں. 
گورا 60 بندے مار کہ بهی صرف شوٹر. 
مسلمان سے چاقو نکل آے تو دهشتگر.
WHITE SKINNY JEANS AND NEW BOOTS! HOW CUTE FLOTUS!! NOT!!! HOW MUCH WORK WILL YOU DO IN THOSE WHITE PANTS!!! NONE!!! USELESS!!!
This has Pence written all over it!
Interesting that a bunch of OLD MEN are making decisions about what a woman can/can't do with her body.  WTF over!
Why, not give them orders to help clear debris and rescue people trapped on hillsides; help with water supplies? Always a photo opp!
OMG she wore work boots 
Boots on the ground.....
Who would vote for Obama that much? Please..he was horrible! Wouldn't even call it a terror attk on the Base,soldiers were killed and shot!
@realDonaldTrump 5 military deferments says “I don’t like people who were captured” of POWS. U DON’T DESERVE 2 SHAKE HANDS OF ACTUAL HEROES!
Unload that food and water!!  I'd be right there to help, if I could!  God bless each and every one.
fake and phony photo op too late moron! : )))
What about all the victims???
Trump:STOP your Rich WS tweets:Pandering to your RepublicanBigotsOnly Base while the rest of USA is getting killed#LV/suffering terribly#PR
I see the First Lady is rocking some Timbs. Thank you for all of your support, Mr. President.
Did POTUS ever leave to go out and meet the victims? #PuertoRico
Thanks for all you do. Pray for you every day.
Russia
Lol you guys made sure that Melania wore boots this time. Trump still advertising his hats though 
Seeing this about puts a knot in my throat, the president would have to pass about four of to equal the president's age, equal respect.
melamine's shoes!
Are they Air Force or Coast Guard? Guess they need BIGLY decals to tell apart, right? SAD!

Sadly can't credit who made this, as someone just forwarded it to me but... 

@FLOTUS is wearing work boots and she still looks HOT ! and she is nice and professional and smart and kind , But she is hot
He met with some of America's finest. None of it rubbed off on him. Just another photo op for him. "Do I look fat doing this?" Ya, you do.
Lindsey Graham: After DACA, Bigger Amnesty, More Immigration - Breitbart
U r worst press sec ever so obviously another of his delusional sycophants trying to spin worst pres ever as successful when opposite true!
Not counting the ass  in the white hat. He should be wearing  a black hat
Ayyyyyyy, my gurl Melanie wearing Timbs.
ميه ميه
Can you tell the branches of the service apart yet?
It is people like those soldiers who r paying for ur appointees to travel on private or military flights and racking up charges such as
Thank you, president!
Sooo..would these be Coast Guard or Air Force? Army or Marines? Your boss is a total laughingstock to the entire world, and so are you.

You are the best!
Did someone tell him what branches they serve...cause he doesn’t seem to know. #UnfitToBePresident

Meet Don the Con
Meet with him.

Did you fly into areas still waiting for assistance? Oh right, that would show you're not doing a good job. Not good for your sales pitch!
Tell the truth, you don't really have children. You can't lie the way you do and look into your children's eyes.
You put the "ass" in compassion!
Is it time to talk about gun control yet?
You meet with the military because they can not speak ill of you!
Democrats living up to their fake news on Twitter!!!! They love their nasty nasty nasty demonic banter!!! Trump gonna be in Office 8 years!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS she need to stomp his ass wit those fresh timbs she got on 
OBAMA.
But no reports on the protesters there and the horrific conditions which Trump bypassed? Why do you refuse to address these real problems??
We are all America's finest you puppet.
Federal Response Getting Puerto Rico Back on its Feet
It's about time! In fact, it's way past time!
Look how disappointed she looks
Stroking Trump's ego again? Laughable.
We love our President all 300 million of us,God bless America,God bless our President and his administration,God bless Americas finest
Certainly the people dying on the actual island were thrilled to see this
As he plans to close bases!!
I've seen this ship in the past #Navy #Salute #GodBlessAmerica 

How tacky - wearing a hat for sale.
You are the worst a man could get as a president.stepp down.get real
You are the greatest President Donald Trump.
The fake president and his immigrant wife, How sweet.
Is that one of those Air force boats?
These poor military people HAD to be there for the BLOTUS photo op.  They don't want to be there.

Yeah then you acted like a jerk and threw frikking rolls of Bounty at the victims. It’s on video too, remember??
OBAMA

Does he know if they work for FEMA, NAVY?

So did Hitler that Nazi motherfucking
Just help our fellow citizens of Puerto Rico

saludos desde lima peru a todas las fuerzas armadas estadounidenses herederos de patton,eisenhower bradley
Yeah, I'm sure they appreciate you putting them and the rest of our country in harm's way ass!
They don't pay personal income taxes to the U.S. - unlike the rest of us citizens
Mr.President,HAVE YOU considered that YOU plainly are NOT President, REFUSE to be President of the United States, are too bias, egocentric??
Trump supports our troops.  More than EVER!!!
Sarah how do you allow make you lose your pride your dignity principles and morals where is your mother and father
Guess who's coming for the  #TrumpCrimeFamily ????
#MuellerIsComing 
Bye bye freedom
Congratulation..

@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS but the two billionaires could not go to the most affected areas too f****** good assholes
We are American citizens and we have fought like any other American. But I support Trump because he will MAGA and all its territories
too sad
