are any of those people in the solar industry?

Also, why are they all white men?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY!  #MadeInTheUSA Watch here: https://youtu.be/OdkThe_O50M  ...
,y new?? Coal is so old fashionad. And this "new era"  already happend around 1820-1840 during the industrial revolution.
Not everyone knew they were supposed to clap for mandated extended length of time. Those traitors were taken out back & waterboarded.

BS
Such an idiot. While China launches huge green energy initiatives, we reward execs who will use savings to automate mines out west. #Schmuck
Return to the old Era of*
Where are the ladies?
.@realDonaldTrump MAKE AMERICA HAVE BLACK LUNG AGAIN!
You misguided fool. Nonsense like this is why you have now surpasses W. As the worst President in recent history. Congrats.
Mr. President,could U see your way through to speed up the issuing of coal permits. I receive mineral right checks & I really need the money
Start with Trump products, incl Ivanka and your wife's. Cut a deal with China to sew USA labels on.No one will know, maybe.
Coal is dead, sad.  Natural gas, not regulations, killed it.
a new era would be filled with renewable energy and reducing carbon emissions not foreign steal pipelines and coal.
Yes, you just set us back to the 1900
s.  Better get ready to sell Trump Tower before NYC floods
this is a total embarrassment
Education is the key to knowledge-reading would help-if you were smart you'd know that this is not progress but bullshit
wow! Look at all those white guys ruining our planet's future!
yea im going to miss having clean water and its gonna be weird when bees cant fly in peoples faces anymore O.O
Not one person of color - nor someone who might wear a dress. Not very impressive.
Won't matter when all the polution starts killing us all!
why don't you Scale Up, Self Sustaining Electricity Generators https://youtu.be/QgQXYBRYwbg  it's not Rocket Science !
: Stupid mistake! Kills thousands of jobs!
What about Ivanka's cheap chinese clothes - where will they be made? And your Mexican ties and suits?
BAD IDEA.  Coal pollution is bad bad bad.
this is not a new era.. THIS IS STEP BACK!
YES IT'S BACK TO COAL..... NEXT..... WOO HOO STEAM
not only are you deciding to ruin the USA but now the world  #presidentforprofit #fucktrump 
so noticeable that most photos from all meetings are all men.......
Nothing "new" about it -- you're moving this country backwards.
you are so full of sh*t
- Make America great again with great pollution.
the following president will have a great mess to fix. Remember the pollution prior to the EPA? It was not good.
If Santa gives you a lump of coal for Christmas, trust me. He's being generous.
despicable!
Beautiful. A bunch of white men. Just what we need more of
What a #Liar. For decades all trump businesses outsourced to asia & Mexico. #Hypocrite & Liar #RESISTANCE
coal and oil aren't the answer, but I guess at your age the future doesn't matter.
where's the women?
Environmental destroyer! Jobs would be better saved and coal miner lives lived better in the alternative energy sector.
Pure evil, everybody is smiling on this picture while destroying our planet's future! How do you sleep at night?? EVIL!!!!!
Great work!!
You've taken three steps backwards.
Think of your own children here.
Coal really? That's going backwards.
you are not our new era.
This is nuts!!!
I feel like I'm living all the stories my grandparents told me about. They had a coal room (?) in their house.
Miners die of lung disease/coal pollutes. More efficient/clean energy now. Send coal to trump tower. 
at least he'd be insured right now
yes. 
Does this apply to you and your daughter's products that are manufactured overseas or are the Trump royalty exempt?
Congrats! Have you read: Dr. Tim Ball's Human Caused Global Warming: Biggest Deception in History #ClimateHoaxForCash
Compensating enough? @realDonaldTrump #tinyhandstrump #USPolitics #uspoli
you. Have no scruples-shame on you! How do you sleep at night? You sick SOB!
or maybe you have dementia & want everything back to how it was when you were successful & not simply a conman. Sad.
y aren't the steel for the pipelines made here. U promised this
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Unlike your or Ivanka's products! Hypocrites.
One might wonder why Trump never put this into practice in his own business ventures. Set an example maybe? Yeah, thought not.
All the white men in your photos theory is you are playing to your base in reality says what a disgrace you are to all men.
Pres. Trump shall make the U.S. energy independent within the next 8 years. Go, Pres. Trump & drill, drill, drill. Mine 4 coal & natural gas
The continuation of the capitalist system will lead to thedestruction of the habitat &all of humanity.America has no future
Why do you need to tweet in all caps? It's unprofessional and it makes you sound like a 5 year old.
little hands little desk little man.
or hasn't Fox News told you that fact so it's not true?
not one of you would be approved for health insurance. That's a lot of flaccid lard in that room, that is. You need oil!
it's fairly obvious none of you walk anywhere. But when your idea of nature is a golf course, because the RichieRitch comic
you read as a child said that golf was "classy," it's no wonder you don't understand tech. Or economics. Or science.
if you believe killing the environment is good than drink a glass of water from flint Michigan. Drink up
I love making the rich richer.  After cutting oil extraction fees I need to raise taxes on the poor. #onlytherichmatter
Have your brought your products back to America????
The movement continues. Please watch & share the new trailer for @aitruthfilm in theatres July 28th.#BeInconvenient
@POTUS can you explain what's new in polluting and f**king the whole planet? A**holes like you have been doing it for ages
liar
people don't use coal anymore. Unless you literally force people to use coal, these jobs won't come back.


Too much vodka
you make me sick!
Is the audit complete?
The Trump administration continues its dedication to pro-pollution, anti-environment policies.
New era. 

You mean bringing us back decades.
An era of a National Tragedy brought on by you , science denier with no grasp of reality! How comforting; NOT !!
#trump #trumpclimate #trump
Like your hats? Ties? Suits? #madeinchina #notmadeintheUSA #hypocrite #DonTheCon
by "new," you mean "really fucking old," right? Geezer #senile #incompetent
:  Donald J Dumb !!
Why did you lie about using American steel and American labor and American made products?
why do you persist in trying to bring us back to the 80's
Why do so many of the men look like they just stepped off the golf course?
Does this mean the Keystone Pipeline is going to be built with American steel now or was that just another failed campaign promise?
from Spain with love. You are not more stupid because you got the summit. The history will judge you as the worst PUSA
lots of white boys. No women. No diversity.
Ya sure. Dirty lakes, horrible drinking water, tainted aquifers from unnecessary oil pipelines. Bad air due to yr EPA meddling.hope u dr--n.
You know, jobs and economy won't matter much if climate change accelerates and the world is ruined.
USA is completely without innovation, your products are crap, I'd buy Japanese or Chinese over US made any day of the week
Not new. Regression. America taking a back seat as other countries forge ahead in alternative energy. Very short sited on your part.
a doomed era! But you don't care about America's future!
Coal? Reductions in emissions?
Your beyond a wack job!
- Wow.....all white men!  Greeeaaaat!
What have you done for the veterans of this country? More lies
- oh, you don't want future generations cause then there won't be anyone left to learn about your disastrous presidency.
You turned back the clock for a buck..salesmen only want the money fast..no statesman here all greed
drill baby drill - right?  screw renewables - you're not invested in those are you?

A new era in the growth if cancer. Thank you Donald.
. Resign and report to prison.
congrats, I don't think you could've made that picture less diverse if you tried
yea pollution
Yay! A new era in air pollution and climate change.  Woot!
Why cant i see any black person there?
Renewable energy is clean and employs 650K and about to boom in China. We should be the leaders of new energy. Coal is dying just like earth
Well you have to live with what you have done, what you have on your mind Donald is money money money
while polluting the land so future generations have nothing, nowhere to live. #fail #shame #shortSighted #GREED
you are not a winner
more like a death warrant
Back to 1900?

SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME ON YOU,on behalf of the World. U R an embarrassment of riches.
FUCKING STOP KILLING US IN THE NAME OF PROFITS!
@realDonaldTrump, While you are trying to bring back coal fired steam power, China is eating our lunch with solar.
LOOK a bunch of white guys trying to revive a dead energy source!  You can't stop the future.  #DemocraticEnergyRising!
American soil? America is soiled ... recently ... by you!
Now #coalminers will have no jobs and deadly air to breathe and water to drink. Sad.
we'll all be laughing when mar-a-lago is under water from rising oceans
I mean how about solar, water, and air energy? O, wait, you don't believe in environmentally conscious energy choices.
with Russian Steel for the pipeline, another lie.
return of air n water pollution! Retrain the miners in clean energy jobs instead!!!! Solar and wind energy safer for future
casual Friday at Mar a Lago?  Lots of chakis and polos, golfing after?

Show your taxes as promised cheeto-man
V.P.:
'Good evening, this is a great day for big oil' companies'
If only ERA  stood for Equal Rights Ammendment.
oh goody another game of spot the woman and ethnic diversity!
you are going backwards instead of forward.
しのすぎ
Looks like OLD, regressive era to me, failing #fakePresident. Loser, pretend-President making America suck.
you are a greedy man and have sold your soul to the devil! You sold out your grandchildrens future Your to blame for EPA!
: please heat the White House with coal actually mined by people whose jobs you saved.....bet you can't!
Could this group be any whiter? Or male?
@HouseGOP 
CONGRATULATIONS YOU HAVE SOLD US OUT!!! #FAKEPRESIDENT
you spelled "America destroys the environment" wrong
@HouseGOP really sad that trump is flimflaming these poor folks!
and shitty air and water.
sorry , coal is dead. We are Moving on trump
You are destroying America with your reckless self serving EO's!
are you going to start selling china made air purifiers?    #KillCleanAir
@AprilDRyan 
Look at all those men!
A new era of catastrophic #climatechange! #Coal jobs trending in #Merica http://wp.me/p7tJjU-e  #CleanPowerPlan
.@realDonaldTrump - YES! We're rejoining the competition with China & India to be world's BIGGEST POLLUTER for sake of MONEY! We get this!
@HouseGOP Perfect,Made in America..
Thèse Are all young guys standing around- where are the older guys? Ah Yes Fighting Black Lung Disease
A new era of polluted streams and rivers. A new era of smog and toxic haze in US cities. You have betrayed humanity.
Faaaaackk youuuu
then in a few years the government will get to handle all the sick people from all the pollution, good job Mr. President
