Rule 22 (Cloture Vote) requires 60 votes.It's 100 years old this year. There have been 16 presidents & you who have lived under the rule.
They're laughing at you because you're a bunch of R's holes!
Stop trying to twist the Constitution to fit your needs. It's been around longer than any other in the world and certainly longer than you.
Now Donald, just play with your belly button, and avoid playing with the red button, there's a good boy.
We are laughing at all the R's but three...thank you Maine, Alaska and Arizona for sending those three to the Senate!
#ImranAwan #MAGA
But its got to be something we can do to get the republican to change things
Or that presidents should be able to serve longer than 8 years
Would you feel that way if the Dems took back the senate in 2018?

No, they're laughing at YOU. You can't hold your party together.
I don't think anyone thinks it's funny difficult not funny
Quit trying to change the rules because you suck at being fake president. Sad!
He can't even get those votes anyway. Sad!!
Mr President sign executive order making house&senate use same insurance as average people,so they work 2gether 4 good hc
we are not laughing at Rs. we are desperate for them to reach across the aisle, unite together so we can limit the damage you can do.
Dear Republican Leadership:  You win.  I will be the first to say I will become a republican if you clean up the mess you guys made here.
These early morning shitter twitter temper tantrumps would be entertaining if they weren't so scary.
The Republucans are cowards @GOP @SenateMajLdr
The Dems had a majority. They didn't change the rules. Only you and GOP change rules to impose your will on the majority of Americans.
If anything good can come of your presidency, it's that Ds and Rs will start rejecting your adversarial style and finally work together.
EAT ME!
We are watching Dems have survived on the Capitol Hill with the recourse to voter fraud, election rigging, 60 majority. Fake democracy.
where are your taxes, #LiarinChief?
@realDonaldTrump I get the impression someone just explained to u this morning how legislation is enacted... but u still don't quite get it
No the would not.  They could have done that in 2010.  This is a democracy, not an autocracy.  64% of us don't want your kind of governing.
Now you're just making stuff up. Lock Rs&Ds in a room until they work this out! 7 years, and nobody had a plan; none? You made promises!!
These politicians need to stop behaving like a social club. They're supposed to work together. No one party should make decisions; incl. Ds!
Someone call the Phantom Thieves!
No they wouldn't. That's crazy.
There was a crooked man, and he walked a crooked mile ...  (1/4)
Idiot
Are you daft? They have had the chance. Read a GD book!

Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare!
Wrong as usual. Ask Mooch what he thinks. We like him better than you.
@realDonaldTrump   No, they're laughing at you.
You can effectively REPEAL ocare by Executive order.  @SecPriceMD can do the rest. REVOKE ALL CONGRESSIONAL EXEMPTIONS ASAP 4 OCARE
You're not a king, Donnie. Your own party has already told you this isn't going to happen.  They know the danger you represent all too well.
Reminder of the Sad Truth Democrats
#Rigged Polls 
#Riggged Elections
#Rigged voting
#Rigged Msm
#Rigged Charity's  
#Rigged paid protest
A movement of right and left non-radicals and oppose the craziest people (perhaps you'll form a movement with the far left too).  4/many
Don't you have anything to do?
Golf. He has to golf.
And resign.
They had the chance, and did not do it.  Also kept 60 vote minimum for Supreme Court, which Repubs blew up
So true.
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing ...
If R's know how to do a 51 majority vote in first minute THEN DO THAT TODAY, Its my birthday.
#WeakSpinedRepublicans. We need to initiate the #PatrioticParty  Lion as our mascot
The republican Party is over so this a great Idea. One I pray catches on.
And pray very hard...EVERY SINGLE DAY!
YES!  Lol Yes, he did!  
Americans are laughing at you.
#WorldIsLaughingAtYou
Lie and cheat, cheat and lie...this is donald trump...disgusting !!!
No! Call them to the carpet on Live TV during Prime Time in an Address to the Nation!
We are not laughing at incompetance
What's your reaction on Putin's anti American expulsion of our diplomats? Most of us want to know Mr president.
Will someone please call nurse Ratched, the manchild is off his meds again.
They'd do that the f hey we're stupid.
no, Donald, Dems aren't laughing. We don't think any of this is funny. Especially the circus you're making of our country.
Hey jerkwad!!... You can't win by the electoral college now! Where's your red map now? #MAGA
You know who's really laughing? I'll give you a hint: His last name rhymes with "stoopin"
There are a finite number of people who appear ridiculous re:  Healthcare.  No. 1 is in your mirror.
your ignorance is appalling...
They had a chance. When the Republicans were the obstructionists. You are like a drug addict. If your mouth is moving, you are lying.
Reps are like man w/ shackles [#filibuster], can't run or fight, but he has the key in his pocket, yet won't use.  Why?

daughter of mike HUCKABEE (July 29, 2017; 7:47 EDT) #sarahHUCKABEEsanders
Definitely. The republicans reputation is weakness and cowtailing. Needs to stop. Man up!
You finally have what you've whined about-POTUS
They had plenty opportunity. - knew it was WRONG!  Democracy more important than just winning.

The only one getting laughed at is you.
The entire point of the system is to work together.  You can't make a deal that will win over a few dems?  You're not trying hard enough.
to much of this party vs party bullshit. Gov is for the people by the people not stall any progress because someone didn't get their way
Make executive order for all politicians to carry same HEALTHCARE as the ppl and i bet repeal would come quickly from both sides... 
Senate Dems do not seem to realize what fools they are...doing the devil's work!
Sweetie, you are coloring others with your crayon. Most of us want what's best for this country. #RussianCollusion #Illegitimatepotus
As does @POTUS You can alwYs move if you think things are better somewhere else lol.
You are Bent!  Well, tail goes between the legs on your way out!  Hitler wanna be!
They had the chance, idiot. They had the majority in the Senate until 2014. They wisely chose to not break the system devised by Founders.
All you want is to win. You don't care about the people you swore to serve. MILLIONS lose health care w/ Trumpcare 3.0.
It makes perfect sense you would seek to totally destroy our constitutional democracy, checks and balances to protect against tyrants

Why don't you just resign and save the country?
A whole lotta people are laughing at YOU. Not with you, AT YOU. At the joke that is you.
But everyone's laughing at you, laughingstock.
Actually, we're laughing at YOU. You're a joke.
With the republicans at the time, but didn't try to threaten the democratic process by changing the rules.

Mostly because they don't need input from the Obstructionist Party of Corruption. If Republicans were working for the people; Dems wud share
We're laughing at you, BOGUSPOTUS45, you obviously forget that the political party dominating Congress changes every few years, oh wise man
So, as you don't like the results we should just change the rules? God,you are such a loser and a wuss I can't even find the words. #resist
They did have the chance...numerous times. You'd know that if you weren't an ignoramus.
You have no bloody idea how any of this works still? You are NOT a king. Congress is supposed to rep US, not you. RESIGN. #resign
I think its time to kick all out that means dems & gops and get all new lawmakers they all have been there to long easy pay check
crybaby #resign
Half of the Republicans really ARE Democrats!  That's the problem...
Uh, they had the chance under Obama and didn't do that because it would be wrong! And the R's would have cried so badly! Now you just whine!
You cannot run the White House. Quit trying to run the Senate
Yes! Too bad the Democrats have NEVER controlled the senate before in the past 200+ years right?! #dumbass #truckfump
Sad! (actually it's hilarious)
We're all laughing at the state of your face.
Great job Mr President,  keep up the good job regardless of what those protesters declare you are doing a great job working for America
You should delete this tweet.
Unfortunately you are weak n area of Gov.and have weakened us globally.U allowed Russia n China to now b #1&2. Yes you talk tuff but ur weak
Republicans are all talk no action-they are scared 
It's called non-partisan leadership. Something you obviously aren't used to. The objective is to get those 8 democrats on your side.
You really don't care how many Americans you hurt with your ideas about health care, do you?
Shut up.
They did have that opportunity and because they love our country and our system of government, they didn't.Only losers want to change rules.
The whole planet is laughing at Trump. MAKE A CHANGE!
OR, you can just work across the aisle. You ARE the great deal maker, right?
no they wouldn't, a-hole, just because you want to destroy our institutions doesn't mean that the rest of us do.
Please Mr. President! Get that big, fat red herring out of my face.
More collaboration, not less is needed.
God can take away your Presidency as fast as he gave it to you! No one is above God! Please pray for a softer heart! You are so angry! Scary
Keeping the #filibuster lets Reps block your and the people's agenda without having to vote NO.
The truth is, they had that chance in the past and NEVER DID! It is called "respecting the process". Talk to McCain. He will teach you.
They had the chance for years and did not change the rules (cheat) to win.
Actually, Obama spent a year being blocked for filling SCOTUS. He NEVER changed this rule.  You cheat and lie.  All are laughing at you!
The only person being laughed at is the clown in the Oval Office!
Actually they had the chance and a sense of propriety kept them from it.
They had a chance.  They didn't.
You have made a mockery of our country#magamakesamericaajoke
never seen someone work so hard to divide a nation.  
#soSad
#Bipartisan
#theresistance
the white house has the most studios well working sportsman ship I've learned a lot from the glamorous behaved t.v. stuff
Fools
We're laughing at you and the R'S
You do know surely that ObamaCare was originally passed in the Senate w/ 60 votes, right? Not the wimpy 51 you couldn't muster last week.
If you can't win with rules that have been in place for centuries, just change them. (Cheat)
#ClownsInTheWhiteHouse
The only change we need is to kick you out of the White House.  @Silverpudge
You must be bad at history... and math.  Dems have had many chances as have Reps.  Rules stand.  49 votes also doesn't get you much.
No. They are laughing at you. #25thAmendmentNow #Resist
Why bother voting? Just use your great big swollen brain to force them into compliance #TrumpKnowsBest #MAGAMorons #Trumpasty
I don't agree. It's a bad idea.
wrong as usual, u r the one wanting to switch cuz u dont understand democracy, or america, or your job, not laughing at insane loser prez.
Naw, they are laughing at you.
Umm most of the world is laughing at you...lol  so sad it's funny
R's are the lovable losers who do nothing. D's are the magic protectors who do nothing. And the US loses while they both profit. #MAGA.
I agree the Dems can get compliance to hold the line and not stray from their leadership Amazing when you think about who are their leaders
The world is laughing at you, and only you, as is the United States.  Every American but you gets sympathy because we have to deal with u.
And you know this how?
No Don, they're laughing at YOU.The whole world is laughing at YOU. A change is coming, Don & that change will be b/c of MUELLER. Tick,tick
everyone is laughing at YOU, you are so impotent and incompetent as so called president..neither U or gop congress can legislate or lead USA
The only one being laughed at is YOU.  Sore loser, inflated ego, bad investor, failing businessman.  WORST PRESIDENT EVER!
Do you even hear yourself? Such a fool.
No they are laughing at you.  Them and most of the world are laughing.   It's no longer funny but what's the alternative?
If the Dems ever get the majority again, they will use it to put the Republicans in jail, and rule alone.
they''re  laughing at you. You can't change rules just to WIN a vote! Get over yourself!
גוט ist גדול
No, no... we're laughing at you and your feeble attempts to rule by way of threats and intimidation. It's so comical, like your presidency.

Because democracy is just too hard!  Why not get a couple den votes?
....and don't drag your feet doing it! ACT NOW!!!
No ur a major assh*le. If their laughing @ our Country it's not bc of the Repubs, it's bc of u. Ur the biggest joke 2 this Country!!!
NO, not laughing but upset that GOP and you are working AGAINST citizens. YOUR THREATS WILL HELP YOU LOSE SUPPORT OF GOP & TANK UR RATING 
@POTUS be careful. If Reps change the rules, WhenDems get the majority they will really be laughing! #ComradeTrump #PutinPuppet
They always laugh at us! Partisan all the way! They never give in! Never work across lines! Why they hate America is a mystery! Reed<><
A) They had the chance and didn't.   B) How long do you really think they will have the majority. #startleading
Can't do your job so you want the rules changes..in over your head, such a joke
Don't look now, DT,  but they have been LAUGHING AT YOU for a very long time~
No they wouldn't. Dems respect our checks and balances.
Do you even looked at a newspaper in the last decade? Do you have internet access in the WH? This is either ignorant or intentional lie
And you, orange babboon.
