Division, Resistance, Party before Country
Thank you his Excellency i wish your a president of uganda
Well we don’t need ppl like mccain who institute takes money from soros these r paid off globalist we need new ppl
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems tota...
gee...isn't that what GOP did for 6 years?
Then give them something they can vote on!
If they keep this up, they won't have a party!
Republicans obstructed for eight years with you cheering them on.  You reap what you sow.
#TrumpRussia
@GartrellLinda Then the @republicanparty better get behind you!! Either they Step up or shut up! Vote them out, need fresh
yes my preasedent in America
I'm at the end of my patience! We're not stupid! IMO need to replace as many Rep.as Dems.! All Obstruct Nation progress & they get wealthy!
We voters gave them the HR,Senate & WH. What, they need us to vote for them in Congress too?Are they ever going to earn their pay???
You are right, but many of the same Republicans will be voted out too for not doing what we sent them there to do. Ppl are tired of them all
Senators and Representatives forget they are supposed to represent us.
Yes outsiders like u to get things done not politicians backed by old Mitch
Yes 
The fault does not lie with the Democrats.  It lies with you  and your incompetence.
Oh really?  And the Republicans didn't spend the last eight years obstructing Obama?
Please. Not one  like  ga  journor  senator.   is. His  charator. In his  wallet?
So you are suffering what you celebrated being done to Obama, it must really suck to not work together huh? SAD!
Trump Republicans only.
Pathetic
Reeeeaaallllyyy??? Duuhhhhhhhhhh
Yes and give back the .oney stolen at tax time for not haveing insurance for a couple months
Why wud u even expect votes from Dems against their own policy?  The GOP has all the power but cannot govern.  SAD!!
why not try working with the sane in both parties.. Thought u are deal maker.
You suck.
Can't you make some kind of awesome deal to get your goals accomplished?
@morme1966 Mr. President, if you had 400 RINOS in the House & 70 in the Senate they would still find away to help Democrats
Go Play Golf Mueller will take care of everything
Agreed
I keep saying that our job isn't done pres T bae Gobi in, now we must get u workers

Do your part, fire sessions, rosenstein, Mueller
You are such a liar! 3 Republicans Voted against the Bill. The Bill was crap killing millions of Americans! #MisdirectionAgain
Amen to out of control (Obama) PC
Pres Trump is not the one shunning, the demos are obstructing no matter what. This is a result of corruption in the demo party for years.
Agreed. If they don't get their act together soon we will lose majority
Are you 12 or something? Stomping your feet?
So you found a new excuse for your failures huh?
How are the Democrats obstructing anything, considering the fact that R's have control of House & Senate?
Good luck with that.. do you know what Pendulums do? They swing. And they are gonna swing your ass right out the door.
When your own party can't agree on anything maybe it's time to stop blaming the dems. Maybe y'all just can't write bills.
Are you really vain enough to believe this? Oh wait yes you are. #UniteBlueOh
no, the dems are going to roll all over your putrid policies, and the american people know that you are for the filthy as hell rich!
what a great president never ever.
But Mr. President (and you ARE my president!) - how is it this did not slow down the democrat Senate during Obamas time? I don't get it!
Hey Drama Queen, the Dems didn't support the "MEAN" Healthcare Bill because it hurts too many people, as YOU have also said
Good news!  The GOP got overwhelming bipartisan support for a Bill. HUUUGE Legislative victory. #Sanctions
Turnabout is fair play
Since they have so miserably failed We The Pple that might be a problem.
Impeach Trump 2017
Please RESIGN  !!

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
Hey art-of-deal-maker, where is your leadership? Was that baloney? Seems you are good at complaining and blaming. Not impressed at all.
@HouseGOP & @SenateGOP will only get more seats in #2018Midterms if they act decisively >NOW<. Otherwise they force you to work w/ #Dems.
Sir, i just listende to u speak with familys of obamacare disaster.heartache.! repeal/ replace.Reps. need to do it now!!
AGAIN THE DEMENTIA - logic fails - dems do NOT control congress
Unfortunately, there are Republicans that are  not on board with your programs either Mr. President.
I'm not a Dem, but they are right to hold fast against your terrible repeal and replace which will literally mean death for many Americans
GOOD IDEA ! 
Mayor Rudy Giuliani replace Sessions! !!
As reg Rep:  We control 3 branches of gvt. Dems r non-issue. saying stuff like this makes u look unfit as POTUS. STOP embarrassing the party
It kinda looks like Obama's years all along. With the difference that it were the Republicans who did it... #KnowYourFacts #NotAlternative1s
Now you know how the great #44 felt. Repukes spent 8yr as the party of NO, in fact Majority leader McConnel said that was his job. #Whiner
Please Resign!! You are NO POTUS!!
@BasedmagaF VOTE 2018
It's called Democracy. Live with it.
speaking of small majority - check your ratings lately?
welcome to Obama world.  What did you expect, Trump?  they'd fall in line to destroy the poor and middle classes?
Did you ever think of getting MacNeil on board, he would be a great asset for you and republicans
Article V this !!!
Make executive laws! Obama did it and dems didn't buck one bit! Maybe you can get your great work started. We love you
Perhaps because only 17% of the American population are in favor of this disaster!
The majority is very small?  Kinda like your hands?
And we thank god for it.
I'm sure Putin will help you with that
With a majority, you shouldn't blame dems for anything. Sad.
Don't you get tired of lying?
#WhinyLittleBitch

THAT could B a problem....Many Conservatives R FED UP with GOP & are vowing not 2 vote unless they fulfill promises. Can't take us 4 granted
Now you how it feels.  We had 6 years of McConnell and Ryan blocking.
GOP CARES ONLY ABOUT THE RICH DEMOCRATS CARE ABOUT EVERYONE ELSE.
IN YOUR DREAMS.  WINTER IS COMING!
Lets not forget the republican rinos still obstructing @POTUS  from moving forward to #MAGA. We can start with these three.
Some of those republicans won't be coming back
hope not....we need new ones
I;m not happy of the way rep. in the House & Senate are acting,
just a very small supermajority
DIFFICULT TO HAVE VICTORIES WHEN MCDONNELL & RYAN R WORKING AGAINST U & AMERICANS. THEY R GLOBALISTS, WHO HAVE NEVER HELD JOB. GET RID OF EM
Look at the votes douche, even Rep senators vote against.
Wow. Our country is being controled by a man with the mentality of a 13 yr old girl
Dems were not voted into office to support extreme agendas..They were voted in to protect all  of us. Americans All. No them. Just Us.
Hats what Republicans did for the last 8 years. Want a tissue??
Dems don't obstruct--they have been left out of govt by Repubs who forgot we have a democratic republic where everyone must be represented.
Don't blame this shit on the Dems.  You have majorities in both houses.  #fuckartofthedeal
Good luck with that. America is shifting left since you became the fake president.
@PrezHRC Bull!  .@GOP has enough members to pass it alone. They know if they pass it,  they will lose in next election
you truly have no idea how our government works.
. Seriously.  Why is it always the Dems need victories, or the Republicans need victories?  Why not a victory for Americans.
Next year the Democrats will be the majority, you are making sure that happens, of course by then you 'don' will be i jail!
Please just shut up.
Obstruct kind of like trying to make americans not look like a bunch of shisters when donald trump is are president
Is it difficult to take you seriously when you use are where our goes .
"Obstruction" is not a thing when the GOP controls the House, the Senate, and the White House. Y'all just can't get it done.
Won't happen. GOP is rapidly losing 2018 already. Have you ever talked to a Democrat MoC? Can't you negotiate a deal with them?
Yeah, too bad the obstructing Dems won't allow it.
Got obstruction on your mind? You sure talk about it a lot.
Get them to work together. Not like the Republicans have never obstructed!!!!!!

Damn right!!
We are going to replace the Rhinos with real GOP. Then you'll have action. #sendthempacking
Math ain't your strong suit, huh? It's not Dems messing you up if there are more Republicans. Try counting on your toes and your fingers.
Aren't you the one under investigated for obstruction? Fake POTUS
Now you know how Obama felt
wow, for eight years the GOP did nothing but obstruct, and now you blame the Dems for doing the same thing. what balls.
the GOP has the majority. they should be able to do anything they want. why keep blaming the Dems?
You need to shut up and stop lying.
A true leader cannot lead by divisiveness.
Go Dems go
One thing about the Looney Left is that they are far stronger than the Whimpy Right!
Fake info.
"Dems totally obstruct?" Give me an fn break.
"The best days of my life were while 
I obstructed President Obama." Mitch McConnell your fellow butt buddy partner
Start over. Patients cannot keep absorbing the cost. Copays, coinsurance and deductibles are like rolling dice. The toss is always costly!
Well I bet they were taught by the best for the past 8 years.  Republicans No Doubt.
Wow, can't do anything with a majority?  Well, COMRADE?
Payback for eight years of obstructing Obama don't taste so good?
Loser that's what they do when they see the disaster republicans send them!
Dems aren't the only ones who obstruct. Obama faced the same from reps when he was in the WH. The 2 party system doesn't work anymore.
And yet somehow Obama got things done with a majority Republican Congress.
I assume you know what fat chance means?
dems are the ones stopping you from destroying us #PresidentChump
THEY COULD USE SOME HELP... BUT YOU PREFER GOLFING AND PROMOTING YOUR PROPERTIES.  LAZY + WEAK STAMINA.  @THETRUMPSWAMP
"no votes"- what donald trump deserved
Isn't that what the Rep. Did when Obama was pres.
What you call obstruction, American citizens call it protection; from you and your regime.

Thank you for fighting for us and all the sacrifices you have made !! One day even your critics will know you have always been the "Good guy
What are these sacrifices? Good guy? I think NOT.
Wake up!!
Obama was a lot more popular and when you win the popular vote you get bigger majorities - but you wouldn't know about that, would you?
You just make up shit! Fake shit!
Go Dems keep obstructing!
No Dems did not obstruct. U never had a plan. That's why U failed. U don't know anything either. 2nd reason U failed. #LOSER
Blame, blame, blame others.
That's because you are an albatross around our necks!
I KNOW YOU CAN'T COUNT..BUT YOU HAVE A "MAJORITY" IN THE HOUSE AND SENATE.  DEMS DON'T HAVE TO VOTE FOR YOUR STUPID BILLS. DUMMY!
You do realize that statement makes no sense. You're not right. Have your Doc check out your cognition maybe a mini-mental exam.
Yes well it's not like the Republicans would ever do such a thing
Sounds like this is a failure among Republicans, not Democrats. You are a very weak President. 
#failure #horriblepresident
Whatever! Remember, you've accomplished more than any other president to date! I guess it's too difficult to keep up with your lies!!
ARE YOU SERIOUS??? YOU ADVERTISE ON HERE HOW THE REPUBLICANS AREN'T DOING YOU BIDDING INSTEAD OF THE PEOPLES AND YOU BLAME DEMS. LMAO
The GOP isn't doing much better.
Do you know how stupid you sound when you say Democrats obstruct? Republicans took a vow to obstruct over the last 8 years.
This is not a reality show that creates alliances to crush the opposition, it's about doing the right thing for today and tomorrow's America

People who really see the need to repeal & replace---need to start pulling together----laying  guidelines out arguments to discuss NOW
And then they will tell that you can't provide what you promised...
Yeah.  Dems obstruct - if nec. to save the public from idiotic legislation. GOP obstructed to stop anything they personally
might lose $ on.
Dems obstruct for the people. Better than claiming Christian with phony MP, then taking from poor 2 give to rich. Hypocrisy at it's finest.
https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ   https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/YpHtmi   https://goo.gl/u8QBAX 
Because the bottom line you and republicans suck. #puppet
So your own party has a majority but you still can't get a majority decision? Hmmmm ... Sounds like it's the Dems fault
donald u dont recall the Dems passed the ACA bill with NO Repub votes the Dems were united 4 President Obama its the Repub who's blocking u
Thank god some of our brave elected officials are standing in your way your monster.
