Focus on the lives of 3.5 million Americans in Puerto Rico. Get Emergency funding,NOW! Stop campaigning! Stop tweeting! Take care of PR!
That makes a lot more sense



but you're allowed to?
if you don't like this country and you feel oppressed leave. I am black, I follow the law and work hard my color has NEVER stopped me!
Black people are not oppressed in America. I am testament to the American dream being for everyone! Work hard & follow the law 

Beautiful! There has not been a better way to describe the corrupt, violence against women fostering, criminal election loser.
NOPE, nope, nope! You Suck even at LYING!
The president doesn’t need a stance on the NFL. Also, how’s universal health care coming along?
he’s not a general; he’s a chief of staff
Put John Kelly on TV to tell America that he has no respect for constitutional rights, otherwise, this is just another lie. #TreasonousTrump

Puerto Ricans are American citizens — so why isn't the U.S. doing more to help in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria? 
If John Kelly agrees with you on insulting decent people standing for right things, he is an SOB. Just like you! He needs to clear this!!!
Don't throw him under the bus too! That's all you have!!!
you have disrespected and embarrassed our country!!!!
Isn't it the time of the month for you to retweet an anti-Semite?
I'll wait to hear that out of Mr. Kelly's mouth, thank you very much.
Out of touch with reality
THE NFL WAS PAID WITH TAX DOLLARS TO MAKE THE PLAYERS SING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM FOR ARMY RECRUITING---GOOGLE IT........
Nah nah nah nah
BTW Puerto Rico is flooded and without power but keep tweeting about nonsense dog whistle bullshit.  You're a pathetic embarrassment.
You're a fake President... You're a Russian pawn... I can't wait to see you in prison.
Don’t you have more important things to worry about?
He probably does but I doubt he wanted you picking that fight. #25thAmendmentNow
Oh really? Lee said this through gritted teeth as he rubbed his temples and with askance washing over his horrified features (see UN speech)
Dotard.
RESIGN!!!!
General Kelly is a sycophant
You just don't get it.
Liar
I am from Canada I totally agree with you on this issue Mr President sir.
Bum!
Donnie you are so misguided...#ImWithKap
TAKE CARE OF PUERTO RICO!!! DO SOMETHING PLEASE!!
reason anyone with a shred of intelligence is taking a fucking knee.
evil @realDonaldTrump, when the country starts respecting black lives, we will start respecting flags. People over property #TakeAKnee
This country respects all lives. You should start with respecting yourself. Cover up.
By cover up are you trying to promote what you define as Sharia law?
No. He doesn't.
When at a hockey game & they play the Canadian Anthem I stand. When they play the Anthem I do the same with hand over heart: Respect 
Maybe you you don't have a reason to protest.Probably never been discriminated against for being a pretty white girl.

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Everyone should agree that it’s important that we stand and respect the National Anthem. 

Keep kissing that ass Collin,  one day he'll notice u!
Do you know what's really disrespectful to our country? Colluding with Putin. Stealing from taxpayers. Provoking war through petty tweets..
.. defending nazis while attacking freedom of speech for anyone but rich white trump asskissers, calling for the firing of private citizens.
Exercising their constitutional rights (also illegal for the executive branch btw). And oooh, ooh ooh flaunting the rule of law #impeach
#25thAmendmentNow #treasonweasel
Oh and dodging the draft then exploiting true heroes for your twisted petty personal gain.  @GOP failure to put country over party...
Lots of disrespect of our citizens country and constitution by #nincompotus
OMFG...I am totally stealing #nincompotus...best thing I have seen all day! Thank you!
Lets see if we can make #nincompotus trend.  Nah, Trump would probably hate it.  Wouldn’t want to make him mad.
you're an embarrassment!! I hate that I voted for you! You're NOT A LEADER AND NO ONE RESPECTS YOU
Thank you for your honesty and bravery! So many refuse to admit it was a mistake. Welcome to the #Resistance!

They aren't. You're willfully ignorant of what they're actually doing, i.e. respectfully protesting violations of our country's precepts.
At your house right now @POTUS @FLOTUS .keep up the strong work and don’t let the #fakenews keep you down. From a #USMC vet with love #MAGA
Beard game strong 
OMG how did we end up with such and idiot as a president.
Meaningless distraction...smh
Why can you not understand why the players are taking a knee
https://www.instagram.com/kanchana_umesha/?hl=en …
#justice4summerfrancissmith
No point arguing with drunk’s and idiot’s! This is still a smokescreen from Trump, taking focus from forcing trough bad ideas and politics!
The flag=For the republic  One Nation under God, with liberty and justice for all. Sounds like hope for every person.
offensive 2 evil doers
Old Glory
Yeah
Us code says anyone degrading the flag can be imprisoned and fine why isn't sessions  doing that.
Zx"x*"*"z,'",",''_,c,,*,xxxx'*xxxxxxxxxzz,xxz,","x"*zx  xxxxxxxxxzzl
If you have no respect to this Country, to this Flag or to the anthem, leave this country.
It’s funny how you talk about shit and have no idear they could be burning a flag which is leagal
No disrespect to the General, but I don't give a rats ass what he thinks.  I think for myself and won't be shamed or forced to do anything
Oh Christ you tedious man haven't you got anything better to do? Oh wait.... YES YOU DO!
Not a good way to start the day is it?being reminded that twatface is bringing end of days ever closer..
He is so ridiculous! How can someone of that position tweet his most important public comments. Its embarrassing!
Indeed xxxx love you both!!! Xxxx
@realDonaldTrump ..... he says his babysitter approves
And you should not be disrespecting the 1st Amendment.
Veterans fought for freedom & the right for free speech
I'd like to hear that from him directly please.
Only you can disrespect the US AND the military, the way you disrespected hero John McCain,correct???????
"I'm right because my dad says so!"

My buddy Tim totally agrees w/ my stance on YOU, and the fact that YOU should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
Kneeling has never been a sign of disrespect, quite the opposite. Walk a mile in their shoes
Liar!
3/ controversy over players and others refusing to stand with hand over heart for the National Anthem, or reciting the Pledge of Allegiance.
Amen

They’re not.   You are. #FakePresident #coward #hypocrite
Wenn kein Argument mehr hilft greift man auf Großschreibung zurück
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
You are not tuned in to what is really going on
If u  agree with the nfl then we have nothing left . Only poor hillary cnn blm HOLLYWOOD isis rocket man OBAMA care middle classs taxes
Besides; they were kneeling for the way blacks are treated in our country, not disrespecting the flag-get a clue!
Your opinion, my Dad fought in WWII for four years to protect your right to it. Not for a flag, or for a song. Trump, stop dividing people.
Why does he tell us himself???
Wanna bet?

#25thAmendment
A bunch of millionaires that play the same game as 1000s of HS kids on Friday, get their panties in a wad. So, they disrespect the anthem.
How about not disrespecting minorities by the targeting of  them by cops?!
Love your stance !!!
Quit
Off with his thumbs

You and that Kelly guy need to bomb anyone who disrespects our sacred image (the flag). Either that or send them to Korea then bomb them.
So what? He's a nob
Why the hell are you telling us that your Chief of Staff agrees with you?  Why is that important?  You're a f*cking MORON.  #RESIGN
Stop tweeting you jerk
Why are you being so petty and childish! There are more important issues at hand like hurricane victims!!!!! Grow up !
I stand by choice not law.Up to individual.Saw pic of T(rump) arms @side others around hands over Teams have rights.That makes USA GREAT!
Good deflection there champ! Worry about healthcare Puerto Rico and north kore god worse president ever your useless. Get off twitter
Like, totally. How radical, man! It doesn't matter what you think about it. Stop abusing your position and let the peaceful protests happen.
One of few dotard

Watch this if you think #TakeAKnee protests are 'disrespecting the flag' 
YOU ARE THE BIGGEST disrespect of the country
My Team Stands!
Okay? No one fucking cares! It's their freedom of speech
Stop tweeting dude!!!! Run this country!
Puerto Rico...Russia!
Irving Berlin wrote "It's a grand old rag, it's our highflying rag, it's the flag of the red, white & blue; he loved that "rag" but we must
@realDonaldTrump Really? Hmmm and he was invited to the White House
It is not your place to get involved. You just love spreading more division and hate!
#disrespectishomelessveterans
how come it ws not so great back in 66, whn u rfused inducion. after swendlng folk out of bilions.  what a great country!how many deferments
john kelly is tired of damn rampage of speeches! Just watch him while you speak with fork tongue!
You should hand over your twitter account to a more competent human being
Ain't nothing you can do about it Donad.
All of Americans should stand, president trump is right the players should be fired, disrespectful pos players!
Now that's something our service men and women fought for.
If you weren't in a position of power your comments would be laughable....
Sure he does...
a Vietnam draft dodger , trying to become a dictator ? In AMERICA ? It's not going to work
this is your idea to prpmote racism to the damn flag! Shame on you! You brought upon yourself!
You have no business starting this crap while Puerto Rico suffers & you have started nuclear war! #NoCutsToMedicaidSaveOurLiberty #impeach45

You're a mess. Go get some help.
After Kelly's lecture, It's apparent Kelly feels the same way you do about women & people of color too. But we will fight. #KellyBlueFalcon
Yes we will!
I don't see many empty stadium seats at the football games today!! Guess nobody pays attention to Trump's deranged rambling 
You are the greatest disrespector of this country. Make America great again: RESIGN!
You are the greatest contributor to propaganda and lies.  You're a sheep and obviously know nothing about what makes america great
DO YOUR JOB!
Do your job, stop tweeting, get on the stick and focus on PR not kneeling. Thx
You are the LAST person to talk about respect!! And tell me exactly why kneeling is being disrespectful???
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DRIVING AMERICA ON THE RIGHT PATH!! THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT!
Worry about more important stuff that you have control over!!!
That he loves to suck taint when hes not watching rating reports on his twitter feed

BS. Kelly can speak for himself.
This is dumb
excess alpha energy
Soldiers that fought don't even care they fought for our right to do that and it's not about them it's about getting a message out
their message is black people are oppressed and it's just not true
They are makin that into that but originally it was not
what was it?
Originally it was to get a message out of the police brutality against blacks 
what brutality? More black people obsessed with gangster culture kill each other every day .. police killings are rare
Did anyone ask about Gen Kelly?
Does he agree with all your tweets?  Think NOT
You are a loser!
#PresidentKelly
And America speaks!  Stand in honor of our great country.
Fuk NFL PR people are dying and fuck you
Have you ever gotten anything right ? I don't think so!!!!!!!!!!
I don't give a fuck what Gen. Kelly thinks. I'm  a proud American who always stands  b4 the flag. Players, this is a racist administration.
This land is your land, this land is my land. From California to the New York island. This land belongs to all of us.
Obviously not focused on real country's issues just obsessed with the NFL and getting close to fruitcake status. Fakepresident
I have an idea..find out why they protest. Fix that. Restore the unity and equality. Keep Constitution, you swore to DEFEND, not disassemble
I agree with you too
Maybe you should let General Kelly speak for himself
Do you even know what their concerns are?  Do you care!
As do all your supporters!!!

One simple truth about POTUS,  HE LIES!
Who gives a flying rat fuck what a crusty old white general thinks about POC protesting this country's treatment of them?
Oh for Gods sake no one cares. Get to work on Puerto Rico.

#nincompotus
In what world is kneeling disrespectful? Is your dick that small?
Hypocrite
Does Gen. Kelly have tiny hands, too?
No, should not be disrespecting. But can't enforce by gov. Let sponsorship evaporate and they'll change their stance. Capitalism works.
... at http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/01/28/upshot/donald-trump-twitter-insults.html?_r=0#germany … which includes MUCH disrespect for other of our GREAT COUNTRY institutions & symbols! #Hypocrite!
Trump decided his political livelihood depends on widening America’s racial divide
Support players call for unity not @POTUS racist agenda
What kind of screwed up world do we live in when a President speaking truth is grounds for protest?  Truth hurts. Get over it #TAKETWOKNEES
Thanks General John Kelly for restoring my Twitter privileges. I promise to be a good boy now and will behave like a @POTUS should #MAGA
No player is bigger than the game they play and no game is bigger than our country. These selfless acts by players are motivating negatively
THEY ARE DISRESPECTING YOU. PUNKINHEAD.
Who cares.
You have bigger issues than football. Stopping being an overgrown man child and just do your job.
