stop giving people fodder to make fun with; "big fan of intelligence" Only send crafted tweets & you'll own the bitches!
.@realDonaldTrump If you're such a big fan of "Intelligence" maybe you should try to understand it..or it's cousin "Logic"...a little more.
liberals are full of hate ! They can't help it. You can't trust someone with that much darkness on their heart ! Shame !
then why are you trashing them!?
I would never have guessed..
But your statement & behavior still conflict. And why the continued use of " "?
you have been doubting the findings of our intelligence community since day one - how is that being a fan?
#MAGA Build the Death Star!

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/secure-resources-and-funding-and-begin-construction-death-star-2016 …
@CNN @NewDay y'all need to stop lying on @realDonaldTrump about the intelligence community. He's their big fan. Got it?
YOU wouldn't know INTELLIGENCE if it had jumped up and bit your butt while auditing not4credit courses at Wharton.
Why do you put intelligence in quotation marks? Are you "Dr. Evil"?
Can't make up our own minds when they won't show us the evidence (for understandable reasons, when reveal sources+methods).
Again, they will not change, ignoreasmuch as possible!
Thanks Sybil...you don't know the truth from lies anymore.
.@realDonaldTrump Your statement deliberately undermined the CIA assessment http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/trump-team-russia-cia-intel-election-232460 …
but he is a big fan of "intelligence" 
WTF does that even mean? What a dope
I agree it's up to us to decide. We've decided you value the word of Assange over the word of agencies sworn to protect us.
some ass kissing before meeting

We make up our own minds. Yur against the FBI, CIA, media, think hacking didn't happen, & constantly praise Putin: nuf said
the liberals are complete idiots- keep going Mr President
You have stated more than once that our intelligence community is not reliable and you have better sources.
Mr. Trump, how is "Media" lying, when it is YOUR TWEETS that say those things exactly??!
was groomed by Russians and is therefore beholden to them. Accordingly, #Trump must be removed from office at all costs.
I simply state what a justice-eluding-Russian-puppet is saying to ME, and the media LIES about @realDonaldTrump hating "intelligence." #Ts
Anyone else notice this is the EXACT excuse @WSJ & @nytimes editors gave about their coverage of... Trump...
oh yeah? Name one of their albums
Your mum's a big fan.
Obama made America great and you will ruin it

that is without doubt the biggest crock of shit I've ever read. And I've read Trump tweets
U need to read more, or read at all.
LOL!
"dishonest media" whenever they write negative press against you by quoting things you've said and done and generally just
hilarious! A fan of "intelligence". @IvankaTrump or @KellyannePolls probably has to explain what it means. #Putinspuppet
do you read your own tweets?? Come on man!!!!
pretty sure you are not a big fan of "intelligence".
you're a big fan of "intelligence"? you're just walking right into these now. It's not even fun anymore. Just give up.

Does the socialist party have narcissistic personality disorder?
You constantly say that U.S. Intelligence reports are incorrect while Assange and Putin are correct. What do you call that?
if you can't spell it, you don't have it! RESIGN
You are getting OWNED in the hearings right now. Doesn't seem like "Intelligence" returns your sentiments, Trumputin.
I can smell the FEAR in your words Donny! The "hearings" have started! The truth will come out! !!YOU'RE DOOMED!! TRAITOR!!
why's it take you 20 minutes to complete a sentence tho
no relevance, just trolling, typical lame whiney liberal!
and what do you call this that you're doing, stranger who I did not ask to interact with?
you put a public tweet out, your choice to block me...  my choice to unfollow, prob good deed to expose ur hate
oh so when you do it it's a good deed but when I do it's whiny liberal trolling. Just breathe dude. It was a joke.
I'm breathing chick, I'm good.  I responded to your hate trolling, there is a difference!
Katie, feel free to "hate troll" me. Or I guess we can just call it what other people call it, having a conversation.
aww, cute, I'm guessing a response would have u sending her flowers?  U be like:
It is up to people to make up their own minds. And more than 2.6 million more people wanted Hillary over you. #JustSayin

Aw cute. Someone posts facts and the conservatives post ignorant and degrading memes.
I think the temper tantrums that we suddenly don't have a popular vote is a fact
Popular vote has been cause for concern for many long before trump/hillary.
And yet we still have an electoral college which I think Hillary knew about when she was campaigning
just imagine the full scale head exploding meltdown the right would be having if situation reversed
Why didn't she spend time in places like Wisconsin? Because she didn't care about what those ppl thought, and neither do you.
Assange is wanted in Sweden for sexual assault. This is a crime , about which Trump may also be familiar.
then why is he holed up in the embassy if he's not afraid of being charged in Sweden? @Holduphalf @realDonaldTrump
read the section "can he be brought from Sweden to U.S." http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/wikileaks/11681502/Why-is-Julian-Assange-still-inside-the-embassy-of-Ecuador.html … @Holduphalf @realDonaldTrump
But one small indie press will always have your back...

Oh, so Trump wasn't endorsed by the KKK?
Is Obama is Islamic terrorist because he abandoned Israel and supports Palestinian Hamas?
That wasn't the question, little troll. Was Trump endorsed by the KKK? You seem to deny that.
I'm pointing out your double standard slow one
Obama isn't going to be president, move on. You Trumpkins hate staying on point. Trump = KKK.
I get it


Podesta's password was PASSWORD! It could have been the pizza boy ;-) 
No. It wasn't. That's easily disprovable b/c Google won't let you use that as a password
you're trying to argue with a known fact, go away
you're taking a joke as known fact. Stick around, but pls develop your critical thinking skills


please help save our jobs nabisco Portland Oregon is planning to close the plant and move production of oreos to Mexico
thAnks mr president for looking into nabisco Portland Oregon the maker of oreos thAnks
liar, liar, pants on fire!
BS. U played UR supporters like a fiddle. We know how the game is played.
You wouldn't recognize #Intelligence
This tweet proves that you could use some "intelligence".
Your words and actions show you are against USA intelligence.
Donald , your lies will find you out, you will be judged on what you do and not say... history will write the books not you
You don't seem to be a fan of them agreeing that Russia influenced the presidential election, the one you said was rigged?
Donald you spelled one word incorrectly is should have been "I am a big fart" corrected it for you
Your talk shows you are against intelligence.
then hold a press conference fool
LIAR! YOU CHANGE YR tune every 12 hours. It's called "dementia".
yeah "Bigly"
no you're not..You are afraid of Putin and are trying to make "intelligence" look bad so you dont have to deal with him.
how about showing some then?
Everyone should have some,
Mr. Puppet why is the USA going to pay for the wall? You are all talk and no action. What a choker.your whole term one joke

.@realDonaldTrump Oh for heaven sakes Donald. Your statements, your tweets. Put on BIG BOY pants and own up. Always someone else's fault!
This kind of ad from The New York Times should be considered anti law and promoting violence this is not free speech.
I am disappointed for you meet Jack ma, because Ma is a cheater and liar.
AMEN
ok. We made up our minds. U r a #traitor, committed treason and #wedontwantyou #LockHimUp
You don't have any INTELLIGENCE....
#KeepUsSafe
from your tweets and your cabinet selections what else is the public supposed to think? The press IS the public.
you are a fan of intelligence. I hope you start looking for ways to get some, because you sound like you really need it.
please change back the interest rates allowed by banks. Old debt should have been grandfathered in.
enjoy tomorrow
if we want truth, it won't be from you! You think it was a "witch hunt?"  It was a "dick hunt!" And the "dick" was found!
read your own tweets. You mock them. Your own words written down. You are unbelievable.
The new director will be great!
U won unfairly due to Putin, who knew a CRAZY POTUS would serve him well. If Hillary won, you'd be nutsie cuckoo over this!
ROTFL
DO YOU UNDERSTAND YOU LIES ARE RECORDED???  YOU ARE THE FLIP FLOP KING  #PutinsPuppet
It's not always "all about Donnie"--this is a matter of nat'l security!! Apologize to the intelligence community!!
the media lies about anything and everything.... Never trust the media!
You are full of B.S. You KNEW the Russians were hacking the campaign before anyone else did.  You KNEW.
read your own words. you are not for Intelligence, or science, or evidence or facts.
Yea team Trump. Sock it to em PRES.
i'm quite sure women are against your tiny hands.
#growadick
What about real honest people trying to make a career in #anticorruption, do they have any kind of chances in your America?
.@realDonaldTrump Then why are you dismissing the findings of the whole intelligence community and listening to Assange? #liar #hypocrite
show us some of that "intelligence" of yours and show us your tax returns.
#childpresident is a big fan of intelligence. #idiot #rapist. #taxes?
Sure thing tiny hands donny. Is that why you said you love the uneducated during your campaign?
You tell us how smart you are all the time.  So smart that you don't think you need to go the daily briefings.
If you are a big fan of intelligence you should become intelligent
the dishonest president lies about things he's said and blames others. Like children do. #dishonestpresident
you are a big fan, producing lots of hot wind, hot air...
if you're a big fan, why haven't you used any?
Obama turned the the CIA & FBI into a bunch of sycophants that tout whatever he dictates. Gut & re-staff!
All the gvmnt agencies are politicized. Look, who they have running the HLS (HomeLand Scrty)!

You don't have any intelligence to be a fan of.
#ComradeTrump  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/us-intercepts-capture-senior-russian-officials-celebrating-trump-win/2017/01/05/d7099406-d355-11e6-9cb0-54ab630851e8_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-high_usrussia620p%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.532ff1469eeb …
again please stop with the lies we are all paying attention to all you say the media is not the ignorance it's you
Our intel is not what it use to be.  When I worked for them we knew everything.  EMP strike = no electricity 6-7 yrs!!
#RESISTANCE #notmypresident @GOP
I think you misunderstand. You lack intelligence. By supporting criminals and enemies of our great way of life. COMMIE!!!!
media always lies to forward its agenda
Then why don't you attend daily intelligence briefings instead of sending childish tweets? #TrumpleThinSkin #TrumpLies
There are too many good jokes to insert here.  I wouldn't know where to start.
Nope. You did it. You are insane and in deep denial. WE HAVE YOUR OWN WORDS ON TWITTER.
@realDanoIdTrump
You are against Intelligence ? Understandable, as you don't have any. That's why you twit, twit !
You are one very sick dude.
NEW: The video to send to the person you know who is still supporting Trump. There is no yelling and no policy talk 
These are not the words of a statesman. Get someone to manage your social media.
then maybe you should get some intelligence
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-stiffs-builders-5-million/ …
you ARE against intelligence as you have none. #trolltheCheesyPoof
The media didn't lie. We figured it out on our own when we read your previous tweet.
The world knows you are against anything intelligent...Russian helping your election truly pathetic! You're a fan of Trump.
God must have used the face warp app to make you
you sir are disrespectful to the intelligence experts. Don't blame the media
The media  reports Trump QUOTES, and then Trump accuses the media of making it look like he's against intelligence.
If that's true, then do your job and attend your daily security briefings. 
#twitaholictrump
liar liar
Bigly. Not bragadocious.
your such a liar , u go on tv and bad mouth them and then say u didnt
You clearly exhibited ur disdain for the Intel community with ur words. You can't bash the media 4 rptng YOUR words.
PEOTUS I am worried beltway is so corrupt intelligence bureaucracy too intrenched in politics & not truth...
"a big fan"?  You must be joking
Nigel ferage was on TV and he explained everything to us we wish u was our prime mister we love you
All the media has to do is show your tweets to make their point!
why do Democrats want to Start feuds with Russia, they did nothing wrong! Peace & Love
- the intelligence community also has proof that you are not part of that community.  Nor will ever be.#POS
unintelligent media.
stop complaining, you're the President now, present it!!!
easy to be a fan of the things you don't have
LYING LAMESTREAM FAKE NEWS MEDIA HAS NO INTELLIGENCE
REPEAT WHATEVER LIES DEMOCRATS DREAM UP
Are the sarcastic quotes around the word "Intelligence" emojis of your tiny hands clapping? ....since your such a big fan
Big fan of "intelligence"... god help us.
no, Donald. Your own statements make you look like you're against Intelligence.

Oops.  Might want to remove those quotation marks.  Kinda makes you look like a doubter rather than a big fan.
The word "media" is plural. So you should say, "The media lie..." #grammartip
Good thing your voters aren't.
there is a YUGE difference between unbiased intelligence and the insolent propaganda you slosh around in
I'm sorry...WHAT?
you are such a. Baby ... time to grow up,  two weeks!!
WRONG!  Get off Twitter!
Nothing is how it seems with the Obama Admin. Trying a coup?
Big big fan.
Your tweets prove that you are not a fan of intelligence but a fan of your own ego.  The only liar on your tweets is you
Then, take your intelligence briefings.  Maybe, if you're a good boy, they'll give you a balloon and a lollipop afterward.
to bad you don't have any
Jan 20! 
intelligence is something you know nothing about. Traitor!
you are a fan of yourself! It's about all the American people everyone! You need to get out and see what reality is.
.... 1 year and you'll be out because you will realise you are in too deep and you haven't got a fucking clue.
.@realDonaldTrump
you aren't against intelligence, you are a fan watching enviously from a distance - put down your phone and do your job
Oh yeah, you're a yuge fan, it just happens to be Putin's intelligence
I'm laughing, this report fits Obamas narrative perfectly. I CALL BULLSHIT !!!!!!
6 years ago Trump said Assange should get death sentence in 2010!  Now Trump praises this fugitive over FBI, CIA & NSA!
There you go again: Needlessly capitalizing and adding quotation marks. How much did you read growing up??? 
Did you not lie when you said Hillary was too ill to serve as president?
Watching #CNN is like the rag papers in the supermarket. They can take a pic of a sneeze & turn it into a drug overdose!
unfortunately the media is not into journalism anymore, they spew propaganda and are political hacks,true reporting is dead
"fan"?   ...WTF?!
@eclectelectric no doubt, when it comes to #Intelligence, #Trump is but a #Spectator  @mtracey
Are we talking government or grade school here?
Act like you support the hard working Intelligence Team, Trump! Stop being so contrary to everyone!
another #TrumpLie! We know your a fan to Putin NOT the INTELLIGENCE.
Really?
sure...pretty much blaming them for Iraq...did you see their intelligence that was given to Bush/Cheney?  no that's right.
I'm often a fan of things I don't have too
it's one thing to be a fan of intelligence, it's another to actually show some
Yes, all big fans put quote marks around "intelligence" when talking about people putting their lives in danger for info.
you always want something you don't have....
#CIArogueCriminalOrganization https://www.amazon.com/Killing-Hope-C-I-Interventions-II-Updated/dp/1567512526/re …
Beleive me, intelligence is not your strong point.  I know more about it than even you do.
while trashing them the whole time. You're a serial liar.
careful consider of intelligence. They messed with Kennedy and Bush.
Big Fan. You have the vocabulary of a 2nd grader. And vocabulary is the best indicator of a person's intelligence.
If you're so intelligent why doesn't it show?
