You're disloyal Trump! These men are protesting the brutal injustices against Black people. You know, Black people? The ones who have been killed(while unarmed), beaten, discriminated against? Yeah, those Americans! I'd think, Americans dying would be important!
disloyal?.....I'm sure u can come up with a better words....like bigot Nazi racist
He called Lynch disloyal!  I think I got my point across ok
disloyal is cheating on ur spouse....advocating cops shoot blacks is a bit more serious
I'm a Black woman, with a Black son, I think I know what I'm taking about and how it feels!  Are you Black? How dare you say I'm not taking this seriously! My last tweet wasn't good enough for you either. What's wrong with you?
oh ur very serious....just very polite in saying it....me....not so (cont) http://tl.gd/no96iu 
Only free speech when it suits you.


Don't Stand Don't Attend!
What I Wanted To Do Ever Since Became President!
Now I'm digging my own, digging my own grave!
#5fdp #FiveFingerDeathPunch!
Wow, I'm sorry, how is there an idiot for president?
Probably he spent a million transactions of a thousand dollars to ask people to vote for him.
-Soros owns a valuable % of the Manchester United Football team maybe he is using and/or paying some NFL players for the protests in order to make money off the NFL. It was the most valuable league before the protests now it is considered a bad investment.
More important that your cabinet stop wasting taxpayers’$$ on private flights.  800k  4 Mnuchin, how much 4 Zinke? What swamp U draining?
You openly boasted of your pardon of racist thug Arpaio; why should any black player respect a nation that picked racist scum to lead?
NFL players not standing for the national anthem is protected under the 1st amendment and forcing them too is a violation of that right. very important that you actually know the law before becoming an enforcer of it
The same national anthem that you do not know the words to? They are not protesting the anthem; they are protesting discrimination. P.S. THEY know the words.
https://twitter.com/alan_rosario69/status/934021845820600320 …
This. #TakeAKnee #RightsMatter  #MAGA - #ImpeachHim
You are making me physically ill. Gotta cut ya loose bro!
Very important that American Citizens in NFL stand UP against BULLYING of our 1A rights, and do what THEY believe represents their cause.
It’s not the flag that their disrespecting!


When racism isn’t a thing then they will
They are non military personnel they are not required to stand. Check the Flag code RonaldMcDonald
Really?   That is your biggest problem right now?
Fact! You cant say anything about anything without people pulling out the racial card. “NFL players” not black, not white...”NFL players”
Or maybe they should all raise their middle fingers towards DC in response to your horrendous response to USVI and PR - God is watching
#takeaknee so wittle donald has a temper tantrum
Ticket sales down 17%, boos, fans burning their NFL gear, sponsors pulling out, ratings at all time low... but CNN & fake media cover it up
Very hard to respect what you are destroying #POTUSTrump
Just standing won't do it for me… No kneeling and hand over heart #BoycottTheNFL
They are blocking your convo on this tweet. Guess you hit a nerve.
They block any kind of conservative talk
You don't get to tell people when or what they should do in reference to the flag. PERIOD. Grow up, you petty dictator.
I will boycott the NFL until all players stand for our flag and national anthem Mr. President.
Fuck You. You respect the country or anthem when you aligned yourself with Putin/Russia? #FuckTrump #PresidentSonOfABitch #TrumpLies
Why don’t you STAND UP for human suffering and quit acting like a petulant child. Focus your attention on real problems.
Respect, you are a very funny guy (in a very dark sort of way).
Trump throws a lot of rose petals at Putin's feet but continues to heavily criticize the NFL - very bizarre, or is he trying to be Hitler
If someone shows a picture of Puerto Ricans #TakeAKnee will you turn you undivided attention to them?
Damn NFL traitors! Deport Kapernick to North Korea! Drop Kapernick at 10,000 feet with parachute over North Korea with $10 bill entry fee!
Just. Shut. Up! The NFL will NEVER accept you into their ranks. Get over it.
DAMN RIGHT! If you don't stand-Here's an OLD SAYING- "LOVE IT OR LEAVE IT!"
Pssssst......No ones talking about this anymore....#PuertoRicoReliefNOW
People hate you. Most will kneel.  They already knelt in London.  Go Dolphins!
priority NUMBER 1
Americans do not mind a peaceful protest..but we do mind disrespecting America, the flag and our troops......
They kneel because they love America enough to take a stand against injustice. It does not get MORE American than that, friend.

They say the first thing a person should do when they find themselves in a hole is stop digging. But what’s next? Fuck it, keep digging.
Hey DT, do you sit down to pee?
Read #MAGA
Can you say "poor leadership" again?
How can he talk about respect for the flag and country when he doesn't even take care of his own people #PuertoRico
And he unabashedly dodged the draft rather than serve the country !!!!!
And he sued the NFL for millions and got $3.....
That was not even a personal Law suit. He owned a team in the USFL and they won the suit but no big payoff.
Trump tanked the league!
American people are no longer supporters of NFL .We stand for our flag country president and our amazing Military ! NFL is dead to us now
Amen! I'll never watch another @nfl game again. They showed their true colors and nowhere did I see red, white or blue!


Beast mode went there.... 
What ya reckon? Crowd funding for his belt.. lol
Did you see his shirt? A direct FU to Trump. :D
Ya saw it .. brill
Here you go !  The Supreme Court ruling. NFL players...take a kneel for me 
That's a shame. The president is NOT racist he is pro discipline which none of these people want. The free for all has stopped!!!
The "free for all" is Trump & his entire cabinet spending Tax payer dollars on their lavish lifestyles - Jets, Golf, Travel abroad 
Wake Up
And if these people are still defending the big Orange BLOTUS (Biggest Liar Of The United States) they are ignorant hopeless rednecks
We share same infuriation for ppl who defend/believe DT. 
It's confounding & so we cont to raise awareness, promote truth & call out the BS
If you win anything by fraud & deceit, it is not a Win. Winning by Truth & Dignity is Honorable. Facebook turned over 3,000 ads by Russians
Where are they? Facebook is no different then CNN. Only idiots believe that crap. Just like you
Kneeling was never a sign of disrespect but you'll never get that like you never got that Obsma was a US born American. We all get it!

If you appear in the Hall of Fame, I pity you. You deserve the Hall of Flames.

Very important that POTUS know the words yesterday and always, of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
Fascist
They weren't disrespecting the flag, they were protesting racial discrimination by the cops! #BIGFUCKINGDIFFERENCE!
Did the Mooslems take over your town yet and put your ladyfriends in hijabs?
Allah said no one goes to Mars bro, did you not get the Fatwa??
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=d07_1383412451 …
I'm glad I got the heck out of Edmunton in 1969, you people is weaksauce.
good one, but look what happened, not in my town, maybe what you say is a lie
I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people, and people of color
But you will live here and enjoy the fruit of this country. Typical
Respecting this country gets harder every day you "lead" it
You @realDonaldTrump have ruined the flag and the anthem because they don't stand for what the United States was. I do mean was!
I don't stand for a flag that has NEVER stood for me or my people. Black people don't owe America a damn thing, America owes us!
Very important u admit u have lied about Mexico for a year and tried to derail an investigation into Russia and step down.
if them kneeling was because of no blks allowed i would side with the player's, but it's not, it's because of FAKE NEWS.
Dont preach traitor. Go to Putin he appreciates you.  You are going to  jail soon
 Preach to convicts.
What the hell do you stand for? President Incompetent.
Fuck em both
How about you reading the Constitution.@potus
You are not in reality
Get your priorities in order. Save lives then golf.
You don’t. You have no right to tell anyone how to show patriotism. You don’t support our troops because you don’t pay taxes.  Greedy jerk!
Fuck that ! We won’t stand and we won’t watch , or pay for tickets. NFL FAILS TO REALIZE the players make the NFL, not the ppl sitting on

You can't tell anyone what to do in this land of "freedom of choice" fucking screwball
Locking arms doesn't get the job done I want to see the hand over the heart they aren't fooling us they're still taking a stand.
Called my cable company & cancelled my sports pack.It's bigger things going on.This is what you chose to tweet about? #seriously  #SMH


Hertha Berlin Players #takeaknee / Can't stop them you Orange Bum! #25thAmendment #nfl #anthem
MAGA
You do realize the players are not standing BECAUSE OF YOU, right?
Uuummm didnt you get the memo....everything is about him....
He is a petulant child and needs to grow up
It's a free country. Important that everyone does what pleases themselves and not you.
Find a battle that matters.
How's Flint?
Why don't you do the same?  You have shown NO respect for our country!
do you EVER listen to yourself talk? Probably not... 
You don’t know the meaning of “respect!”


Stay in ur lane
Are you...is this real?  Give up you're fake outrage.  Start acting like a damn President....emphasis on acting.
Perhaps YOU should try respecting our flag, country, and constitution.

If u ACTUALLY respected soldiers, the flag, or anthem u would honor this protest by responding to murders of unarmed civilians
#WhyTheyKneel 
Motherfucker could you possibly be any more dense
Respect the right to peacefully protest. Resign
1st amendment rights look em up dipshit this ain't fucking Russia  they can stand kneel lay down do somersaults it's their right get a clue
@mrwndrflxoxo these football players don't know what dirt in the oven for their new on for the big dollar the big money
How about this... YOU start respecting the Constitution and then you can offer criticism.
Not the sharpest spoon in the drawer!
you need to stop worrying about the NFL and worry about hurricane survivors...
If you don’t like it then don’t watch but you can keep your little vp set ups. We can see right through it and you #NotMyPresident
Shut up.


#Dotard
Do us all a favor get your nose out of the nfl and take care of the people in Puerto Rico  and the Virgin island  Puerto Rico 
They have people dying there cause they can’t get supplies and you are attacking the governor stay off the golf course and do something
Let me know if they stand.  Not watching the NFL unless I know they stand for the Anthem.
Trump, you NEED THIS
Very important that you not blow up our world due to your ego. #NotMyPresident #impeachtrump
'murica you're nothing but a sad joke
Our Armed Forces make it possible for all that bling.If they weren't playing on US soil,they would be moving that decimal point to the left!
Very important we nuke n. Korea. Will cement my position in history. God bless merica. Suck it losers
Presidents come and go. The right to peacefully protest continues far beyond them..
STAND on your feet and leave our White House.
GET NEW AG NOW NOW !LOVE SESSIONS BT WE NEED A GUILIANI2 PROSECUTE MUELLER/BHO/HRC/LERNER/LYNCH/RICE/POWERS NOW.GET TOUGH
How many times did you call and plead with Jerry Jones to “stand” for the natl anthem? Respect for you is earned, not pleaded for #sad
OWNERS MUST DEMAND helmets in L hand-R hand over heart-silent-facing R FLAG-NO LINKED ARMS OR BLACK POWER FISTS IN PROTEST! Keep Boycotting!
Ha ha, didn't see any boycotting tonight, packed house for my team! You lose, troll! GO CHIEFS!!!
"If players exercising first amendment rights bothers you then just simply ignore it. Just like you ignore racism, and police brutality."
This is great, we can go home and you can explain to the others that this is just a big misunderstanding. Huh? Right, buddy?
But MORE important that people exercise their constitutional right to freedom of expression.
Lol being president actually doesn't make you king...fyi
Okay, this VET has had enough !!
I swore an oath to defend the constitution !
Not a football games "celebration"  or its racist fans.
Why? People burned the US flag in the 60's and 70's.
It's the 1st amendment and  you'd rather take that away than the 2nd amendment which led to Vegas last night. Or was that just "fake news"?
It's most important they are free to exercise their constitutional rights...
...class & make sure Puerto Rican's have water, electricity, medicine & all of our children get top notch education for free & our streets..
How can we respect a country led by you?  You are the epitome of what's wrong in US!  Players get free speech too!  #NotMyPresident
If only the protest is about flags and countries. It's about killing unarmed black people at the 2.5 times the rate of whites. WHY ?~!
Hard to respect our country when our President won't take care of its citizens in Puerto Rico.
You are the President, the NFL politics should not even be a thing to you IMO. I agree with they should respect our Country and Flag always.
Aren't you the same carrot top that argued BURNING THE FLAG was a harmless act of freedom of speech??? How about YOU respect our country 1st
Everybody vs Trump....
They wont.... cause u said soo. These people domt realise that.. NEALING IS A SIGN OF RESPECT. THEY ARE JUST FELONS & THUGS....
You respect it, you should be shame and the people that voted for you getting exactly what they get absolutely nothing.
Hey Donnie, you're supposed to put your hand over your heart...but you don't have one, so....
I agree Mr President!! 100%

http://www.usflag.org/us.code36.html#173 …

#NFLSTILLAMERICASSPORT
How can I respect the country while you're President*? #Resign
im sitting mor-on my left cheek than my right
Kneel for respect of humanity and equality.   Isn’t humanity and equality the foundation, the seed of which the  US was grown from?
I would take a knee if Trump told me not to
I would stand if ordered by Trump to take a knee
i just want to know why is it that when the anthem is being sung that you never have your hand on your heart. That's a double standard??
Important to YOU mayb, but then, you're not a ruler so we don't care what makes YOU happy. You work for us, remember.

Wow. Poll finds public says NFL protests are appropriate, 51-42. That's a big pro-protest shift since Trump got involved. https://twitter.com/SusanPage/status/914861754089340928 …
not your place to tell them what to do.

Respect our country by sending more help to our fellow countrymen in Puerto Rico!!
The NFL players that show no respect 4 flag & anthem don't deserve the ppl to respect their childish demo. Men that have no patriotism tousa
