I know it hurts liberal's feelings to hear their Russian narrative about Trump isn't working but life has it's disappointments
Let's actually find out #IndependentInvestigation
Really?? You’re going there again? Even your most ardent followers are tiring of your BS. The Dems didn’t make you a Queens low life.
Are u afraid to prove what u say is true?  Special prosecutor.  Put US above politics for a change.  Prove it 1 way or the other 2 move on
And again, still not believable.
Speaking as someone trying to give you the benefit of the doubt, could you please stop responding to every criticism people throw at you?
Democrats demand a "LIBERAL POLITICAL" judge despite Judge Gorsuch's stellar conviction in upholding the law!  Hateful Democrats!
Please just shut and and start acting presidential. What are you,a child?
GET OVER YOURSELF. NO CARES about the election loss/win anymore.
I was told three times You are a traitor to our country. So....   LOCK HIM UP #lockhimup
Liar.
Right, that's why the FBI is involved. Makes total sense.
LOL.  Then why did you only ask if YOU PERSONALLY were under investigation? Why not ask about your people? You shouldn't have asked, at all.
I just can't wait to see you hauled off in handcuffs
Lies!!!! Lies!!!!! Lies!!!!! Just do us all a favor and step down!!!!!
Again, stop fleecing American tax dollars, every weekend, to help bail out your failing golf resorts.
Bunch of cry babies! #sorelosers #democraps
Yes so u keep repeating over & over again and still nobody is listening to your boohaki honny, ur wiping your feet on the constitution & us
#LiarInchief
#JokeInChief
#TrumpJailed2017
needs smaller hands so it looks like comrade trump.
The FBI investigation began in July, Donald.
And still NO EVIDENCE 
Mike Flynn was fired because no evidence 
Flynn was fired because he lied about a phone call
Flynn was fired for concealing contacts with a foreign government from whom he had received money about subversion of existing US policy.
then you wouldn't have a problem letting an investigation happen to prove you right but every step of the way u fight that from happening
Thou doth protest too much, me thinks.


You are a pathological liar who is going down. I can't wait to watch it happen. No one deserves it more!
Not a single shred of evidence has ever been presented proving collusion between Trump and Russia....
It is a total sham designed to sabotage and undermine Trump's presidency cooked up by butt-hurt Hillary operates & deep state insiders.
The fact that Keith Olbermann is now so hysterical, he is calling for foreign governments to overthrow Trump is verging on treason.
It's now 185 days since the election. Time to stop the temper tantrums, the whining and accept that Hillary lost and it was her own fault.
No amount of made up conspiracy theories about Russia will EVER reverse the result. You lost. You suck. You failed. Deal with it.
If you want to actually defeat Trump, find a candidate in 2020 who isn't a warmongering Wall Street sellout career political whore.
Find a candidate who can stand warm temperatures without collapsing every 5 minutes & having to be chucked into a van like a side of beef.
Cheater Trump
So sick of the FAKE NEWS!
It's boring me now. Time to just ignore the idiots and move on to saving Healthcare and repeal and replace Obamacare then lock her up.
You are the last person we are going to believe
Just because you say it a million times, doesn't make it true..
The more @realdonaldtrump denies it, the clearer the smokescreen becomes. We know he  is Putin's weak lil puppet.
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians & Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
he's guilty. he can't keep his stories straight. and his surrogates can't keep up with his bullshit.
someone should do a cartoon of DJT as lucy, moving the football of truth
hahaha. I can picture that.
Again, nice try
"I am not a crook!"
No Mike but you are a loon. Lock yourself up.
That and also to cover up their own Russian liaisons
Build that Wall
Simple answer would be to fully n openly comply with an independent investigation. Your unwillingness to do so creates the suspicion.
The more you protest, the less intelligent citizens believe you.
We have ur back all Dems can do is whine they bring nothing 2 the table FORGET THEM ! MAGA !
Then why did the story begin BEFORE the election. Jesus Christ, you are a terrible liar.
The majority of Americans don't agree with you. Enjoy it while you can. Won't be long now.
Can you hear Sinatra gently playing in the background ... "And now, the end is near, and so I face the final curtain ... "
#FlashbackFriday Two old friends remembering the good old days ...
I heard the GOP has a new plan to Make America Great Again ... but you're not gonna like it ...  #MAGA #TrumpCare
The President is correct, yet the oppo research team behind phony Trump dossier is still cited as gospel for Dems  https://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-statement-hearing-%E2%80%9Coversight-federal-bureau-investigation%E2%80%9D …
Yes let's forget the document was vetted by the Brits, Dutch, and other agencies as accurate. It's not phony. Have a nice day. Fool
Actually its all phony.
So in your world Trump actually decides what's real and what isn't? Talk about idolatry or a cult. #AmericanDemocracy doesn't work like that
I am an American. Respect my flag. Posting it upside down is your opinion of free speech. Well FUCK YOU then.
Funny you are more concerned about the symbol for #AmericanDemocracy than the thing itself. #EmolumentsClause #Obstruction 
#TrumpRussia
Help is available for your delusions, but I am afraid there is no cure for stupidity. #MAGA
That's cute. However it doesn't solve the issue at hand. #TrumpRussia
You and your three oldest children are all traitors to the United States. If you are fortunate, you will die in jail. #TrumpRussia
No one gives a poop about the election but you! That's why you're using our tax dollars to investigate bullshit voter fraud.
And even after all that, you're going to see that you LOST the popular vote. You know what that means? Most of America don't like you #truth
your completely nuts!!  He won cause smart people voted!
Well now, this tweet hasn't aged well either 
You're a strange little man
Again, where there's smoke - there's fire. You won't show your tax returns because of Russian money.
And apparently the murder of Seth Rich by that harpy and her minions.  Fire both barrels Mr. President.
Your current actions regarding the Russians expose you as a fraud!
https://twitter.com/SolaraNaturals/status/864400385930342400 … this proves things too when Bush was President  illuminati conspiracy
Italian, Irish, and Israeli Investors Buy Into N.Y. - The New York Sun http://www.nysun.com/real-estate/italian-irish-and-israeli-investors-buy-into-ny/24821/#.WRq7Kh06fE8.twitter …
@realDonaldTrump @real just more facts the Clintons were involved too LOCK THEM UP Coney was involved you.found out and said cya byebue
YOUR FIRED.....SOON
,Donald Trump I know you are doing a great job, I love your leadership. I believe in you
Manning gets 7 years for treason? Hillary gets off? Liberals have set out to destroy America and they have ! where is the justice
Flynn lied to FBI multiple times about Trump Campaign & Russia. Today he plead guilty. Flynn said he's cooperating w #TrumpRussiaCollusion investigation bc "it's the best thing for America". #FlynnFlipped
Trump's former national security frontman Michael Flynn has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about contact with the Russian ambassador. 
No one believes you anymore so just go away.
You need to stop all these leaks President Trump
Face the music Trump you're a criminal!
Hi @potus, HIRE savvy, cool-headed, loyal comm ppl. Stop leaks. #draintheswamp
Again, it was NOT fabricated!  THE GOP controls Congress.  Dems do NOT have the power.  Grow up and DO YOUR JOB.
Don't worry Donald just like the #Patriots you get to keep the Superbowl ring and the championship status for cheating. #LockTrumpUp
But mainly to slow down or stop Trump progress  Right out of the Marxist playbook..
Beware of that dorsal fin surrounding you in the bathtub.
you are scared now!!
No, it's been going on for years Donny, your deranged and will be in jail very, very soon.
They're coming to take you away aha! To the funny farm aha!
Why should we believe this when you have lied lied lied?
Release the tapes proving otherwise!
How could the dems not lose the election, with Clinton
Fucking clown show
Oops. Caught you in another lie.
stick your finger in my assp
@POTUS Bullshit, POTUS is doing everything he can to deflect and derail, normal for you!! Guilty and needs to go!
This tweet of yours is fabricated. Never seen a leader get flagged like u, not even saddam & Jong Un.
Trump.  Bad.  It's bad
Keep dreaming.
WANT A CHANCE TO RETRACT ? 
Please Drain The Swamp!  You can do this on your own you don't need them!
Care to revisit this tweet now?
http://gotpolitics.org/lindsey-graham-trump/ …
amen
Except Hillary got 3 million more votes than you..and she didn't have Russian help. You got beat by a girl. Haha.
Traitor says what?
It did not... your worst accusers sit in your own party
You sure?
I have no confidence in mainstream media or D.C. Establishment. Mark Levin is legit news; watch your back, Mitch McConnell is a shark.
Interesting that you have a young son you choose to live apart from.  Shows your character. NONE Don't care how much money you have.  Dumb
Please just shut everything down  no interviews. No press releases.
He doth protest too much.
Drain the swamp. Starting with you!
No it wasn't you say it is to deflect. You're the biggest chronic liar in history
Why are you still talking abt the election? It's not going to distract us from all your political blunders and impeachable offenses.
We'll see about that.... after the investigation is complete.
is that what you told Comey?
Methinks the orange-hued cuntwipe doth protest too much.
Haha
What's ur excuse 4 being an excellnt patsy? Hmm... abt all the FACTS tht continue surface keepg ths investigation going! #Dunce
Please stop tweeting. You're embarrassing the whole country. Get to work. Just be professional and stop with the defensive tweets!
Time to have AG file subversive activity charges against some of these papers and people, including politicians.
NO! You are a Traitor and will be exposed soon!
Well this didn't age well...
Phui
crybaby
#Mueller appointed today + #WikiLeaks manufactures dirt tonight + just like #Assange & #Putin's bitches #hacked #DNC & #Macron = #COLLUSION!
Please resign. Now.

Trump says intelligence agencies were investigating Trump/Russia almost 1 year before '16 election as excuse for winning by 3M votes in Nov.
Killing ppl and training camps and Muslims left and right are very very worrisome what are we to do ?WAR!!!
We all know they are part of the swamp
You sir are a pathological liar & a traitor. You are the president of the United States of Russia. You colluded. You lied about it. LyingDon
So that's why the investigation started b4 the election You're so full of it. U do not care about people
Dems don't lie over stuff like that.
Comrades! Animal Farm is under attack by Snowball and his Agents! He seeks to distract us from his "loserness" and "Crookedness. #resist!
Trump, I got your back !! Chapeau !! Go Trump !! You are the best President ever !!
Again why do we even give the NYT/WP any attention to these made up fake news. Continuing to talk about it gives it weight.
Then why are you pissing yourself ???
The only one still worried about the election is you. Get over it. Cuffs
Move the embassy like you said you would. That liar that has conned you will never do what he said
When you hand over classified intel to Russians it seems they got what they wanted

We lost, no excuse and the electoral college elected you.
just like climate change was "fabricated" by the Chinese? lol.
Damn straight! There can't be collusion because @realDonaldTrump isn't smart enough. He was just being used by Russia.
Help me win $10K for college. Vote today: https://goo.gl/gvySJn  

Please go vote !
If I remember correctly, HRC started it as Comey brought up the emails when they showed up on Weiner's laptop.
How's that whole Hoax, Fake News, Dem Excuse, Russian made up story working out for you NOW?
Liar.
DJT, PLEASE, step up your game FAST! The "swamp" is mass producing disease swiftly, out them ALL NOW or never  WeC it out lookin in clearly.
Dude have you read your own sons email??? Whats wrong with you!!!
I can hear the fat lady warming up in the background
Like we don't know. The real story is Who Killed Seth and Scalia.
Great work Mr President.  The American voters are with you but the power brokers are not!!!
so you are a liar now, right?
Traitor
Seth Rich who was a dnc worker hated their dishonesty and exposed them.thats their Russian
And as usual, you have no proof for your little paranoic tweets? Just throw anything out there that sounds good, like you always do.
Stay Strong President Trump
The Trump supporters on Twitter still have ur back!! Mr. President!!
The Dems are an embarrassment to society......so so very sad

IMPEACHMENT 2017
Hahaha u r the biggest liar I've ever seen
Somewhere along the line all the lies have to stop, America is being sold out.
One wise man once said "Greatness and honor are the same". Thank you Mr. President, for both. God bless you sir.
We know.the american ppl stand with you president trump.we have your back.
#TrumpOnlyTweetsFakeNews
You have commuted a treasonous act. You must be brought to heel like the irresponsible mutt that you are
I think it is a smokescreen for their nefarious deeds! They could lose their ill-gotten monetary gains!
Your son admitted to it & his emails show it to have happened. Sorry but you didn't get elected because people loved you. Clearly.
Thank you for helping our country! We love you and Appreciate all that you do for us! I ignore the democrats and the dishonest media! Scum!
uh-huh.
President Trump, please open up the Seth Rich case the FBI have it on their Hillery e mails. He was the last to be murdered & he worked DNC
I'm so sorry that there are soooo many people that don't see the wolf in sheeps clothing!!
Well, THIS tweet aged well, didn't it?
You know your nose is allready pretty long, stop lieing
Oh hell
You are so dense and delusional it's sad and hilarious at the same time. You stink of shame and treason. Enjoy Leavenworth!
Trump you lie and the TRUTH is not in you!!!
We will let the FBI decide that. You go back to destroying your country, make that world
Liar. Resign.
Traitor. Benedict Arnold.
Incorrect again, little one. Please, stop trying.
 your so gonna get impeached bro!
Yeeeaaahhh right...and I'm a virgin...
You saying "again" doesn't make it true
Forget the election or fabricated information. Just GOVERN!!!!!!
President Trump.  Please stop wasting  valuable time and energy on the Dems
We care about you  your abilities to make America great again.,
I hate that the news media sucks so bad and the Democratic need to be baby's about someone so corrupt or winning. GET OVER IT
Hey, how's that winning feeling?
You screeched and hollered about H.C. emails.. And here and now we have an email that implicates collusion! Karma is wonderful!M.A.G.A.!
This aged like a trump steak ........... poorly
So now we can hear the tape of FBI Director Comey not getting instructions from you to drop the investigation into Flynn? #FakePresident
Fabricated like your humanity
