You have lucky but you don't have leadership quality.
Sorry Americans......
You are obviously not a reverend or a American.Secret Service should visit who ever you are.Such hate is not Christian.Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.
If you look at my tweets I believe in Trumps keeping out ppl from terror countries that cannot properly vet them.Not a ban but a way to protect US citizens I think we are on same page when looking at your tweets!
I spent 6 years in mostly Muslim countries from 06-13 while I worked in Iraq and Afghanistan. Trust me, there needs to be a ban until WE get our shit together. We can't even file the right paperwork so the mass muderer in Texas couldn't but a gun. Just saying
Buy a gun.
I'm too old to carry!when younger used to.Don't want to have taken away by bad guys n used to hurt others.Do go to gun shop regularly an try to get younger good guys to carry!I buy cigars there.
I know. It will get worse before it gets better. I'm never too old to be able to pull a trigger. Stay safe.
Then please leave our country.
gosh i wish they   would quit being big cry babys.
Crazy people easily can write good quotes!!
اقای ترامپ یه وقت غلط نکنی با ایرانیها سرجنگ بیای چون مشت محکمی خواهی خورد از ملت ایران
خب الان من دونالد ترامپ هستم؟؟؟
great tweet Mr President; there are even a few more that maybe you can add later
Good
Out of what country ?
please donate to stock picks. if you donate anything to  ETH ADRESS we will send you a stock pick      .0xacc2d3e8cd1746ba73b371b247ae204e1d71ed5b
You have called it a ban.
have someone read the list to you...73 from USA, 62 from Pakistan.  Maybe you need help with numbers?
if that were true then why not Pakistan ?
I go along with you Mr @realDonaldTrump
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intenti...
Mu bien dicho

Keep up the great work Mr. President!
Too bad Trump doesn't realize he should ban himself!
love it when you talk dirty Nicky,  lib a 3-letter word

I don't see you out of this country. You are the biggest threat to our democracy ever!
Again, so then when will you be leaving?
but look at the bad peopl you invited to run the country! #douchecanoe
if you wanted to keep bad people out of the country you'd start with Saudi Arabia where the 9/11 terrorists came from.
No. It's about keeping Muslims out of our country. That's why calling it a ban--which you DID--matters.
good. Keep them out! I'm sick of getting bombed while you close your eyes to it!
I'm sick of you inventing fake reasons to jutify your bigotry.
and this ban is only for 90 days until the new security checks are up. How is it bad to better protect our..
@draftkingsrook @KellyScaletta @realDonaldTrump already had security checks up.
is putting up better security checks in place.
All Muslims are bad. That's why you banned them. Got it. 

Glad your not Islamophobic, though.

. @realDonaldTrump bad people lke the 5 year old I saw in handcuffs?
Filed under 'Things that never happened'.
are you saying the photo was faked?  Are you also saying if you don't see it with your own eyes it isn't true?  DACA.
Does this photo, as published by CNN in August 2015 look familiar?
no, but it doesn't make the parents and the child detained at the airport right or reasonable either
.@realDonaldTrump no, it is a direct denial of aid we are capable of giving to other humans beings in need, you spineless coward.
they can fecieve Aid elsewhere. Like Dubai ? Saudi Arabia?
nah. It's a privilege of power to be able to take care of those in need.
it's a privilege to come here not a right
And when did you ask the Native American population before entering the country? Hmmm.
they were conquered just like every everyone else the world over.
the illegal immigrants from back then are fighting against immigration today? Congrats. American Logic (TM)
natives didn't have mmigration policies so no one was illegal. #getaclue
Meryl Streep said something back at you sir
Well Mr President Hitler blamed the Jews with the same Rhetoric, and looked what happened there.
مرحبا كيف الحال انته رجل قوي وانا احترمك
interestingly, with all due respect for your Office, YOU called it a ban!
Ban, restrict, protect? They can all mean the same.
Full support here
really, when are you leaving?
Why won't you ban countries were actual terriorits come from? Oh that's right you do business in those seven countries.
Iran is the #1 terrorism sponsor in the world.
illegals should not be given court trials. They are not citizens. Kick them out
Iran is a terrorist country why are we going there and why they coming back and forth.
EXACTLY...WHATEVER IT TAKES...KEEP AMERICA SAFE. WE HAVE TOTAL RIGHT TO EXTREMELY VET ANYONE COMING INTO OUR COUNTRY!
You have bad intentions, will you be leaving soon?
Who's the President of the U.S.? Sorry, we don't have one. If there is one we are ashamed to call him or it our president. It take smarts.
Kellyanne needs a vacation.  Her "alternative facts" (lies) & ignorance (Bowling Green Massacre?) are an embarrassment.
Hey... chat with Giuliani, he dropped the "Ban" word, just like you did.
Mr. President, keep up the common sense work. You are a huge breath of fresh air!
Thanks for doing your best to keep Americans safe.
Amen to that, let them put that in their pipe and smoke it, all of your supporters are proud of you, go Trump train!!!
and while doing that you can ban all the good people amongst them ^-^
so right Mr.President.I'm confused though I thought Rosie O'Donnell and Whoopie Goldberg n her crocs were leaving the U.S.
Just a lot of hot air from people who thought they had more influence than they'll ever have!
listen to yourself Donald and you can look at yourself in the mirror you've done the right thing
USATyPresidentTrumpFor Keeping Us All SafeEven The Ignorant That Don't Know What They Need For Their Own GoodMuchLove
everyone in the world is protesting against u!
soooooooo what. At least he is President until 2024
STOP BANING STUFF
We're not arguing. You referred to it on camera as a ban.
why are we NOT banning Muslim countries the idiot-in-chief does business with? BTW, same ones that sent 911 terrorists?
So when are you rounding up your posse and leaving?
what about the bad people with good intentions?
Agreed President Trump! American Patriots have to get Very Loud & Clear that we Refuse to harbor the Enemys Obama allowed!
:mms conflation of the truth : they want to divide us
like infants in need of surgery.
it's a shame we failed with keeping you out
BS its the same list of countries marked 4 war in the Bush administration & bombed during the Obama admin. Bush=Obama=Trump
dont let the refugees on the planes, and they cant get here. Ground the flights!
you mean keeping Muslims and anyone that isn't Christian. But the ban does not extend to those
Lies & the lying liars that lie about everything #Illegitimate#FVCKtrump #TwoBitTraitor #PlasticPatriot #CardboardCommander
Then obviously it is Trump that needs to stay out of OUR country.
Unless they're from Saudi Arabia of course, one of the top terrorist countries in the world. Then you're free to enter USA.
i respect your decision to exclude all of those people from america but there are good people too dont forget about them  .
you do realize you have a boss now? We the people are your boss now. You're not a dictator.
look at all the white trash on your page. You attract the very best Donald ! Without your money your wife would be 0
try going to another country without proper papers let your visa run out they have the right to send you away we have none
Then your u should leave.
They then buy $250,000 homes, they cost school systems ton of money 4 their food. They don't assimilate!
Do you really Understand what you said ,Trump 
All We need is Love 
How can it be a "ban" if it only lasts 90 days?
Then when do we create a ban to keep you out of America.
I think the bad person that needs to leave this country is YOU!!!!
I'll believe that when you ban yourself from this country. Not before.
children are NOT bad people. Sick children needing medical help are NOT bad people. GET IT RIGHT
cut their throts and make them pay
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
. @realDonaldTrump It isn't working.  You are still here.
There are tons of synonyms for bad, terrible and ridiculous. Maybe you should learn some to avoid the constant repetition.
/ yes, but we already have enough bad people of our own, we dont need foreigners coming into USA, need Marshal Law maybe??
Then why are you and your administration still here?
@edgecrusher23 defy that judge's order in Seattle he has no power how many judges did Obama defy
"Words", right? Such a bummer.
you are obsessed with this guy
"this guy"
yeah the guy you constantly tweet about
Yeah where did this rando guy come from and why do we notice him?
stop it, oh my sides
LOFL @midnight trolling the shit out of an oblivious guy! Lmmfao
I think Roman forgot whose page he's on.
like Saudi terrorists?
You are a liar.  Check you facts the way you are forcing patriotic Americans to do every time U open your trap. U said ban
let's call it what it is a terrorist ban and it is good for America!
six tweets prior to this you called it a ban yourself. I hope you get impeached
what bad person ever came from those countries banned? NONE!!! ZERO!!!!
What??? You'd better do your homework again.
Maybe you should
Yeah the banning of people with the right paperwork suggests that you really respect that government departments ability.
Agreed, doesn't matter what it's called.  It's intention has merits, execution was/is rocky
Arab occupiers refuse peace w Israel so no 2 state solution, ONE STATE-arab occupiers get out of gaza, judea, sumaria now
Thank you! Finally a President that cares about American citizens first!!!!
you called it a Muslim ban. Would you like a link to the video where you said it?
you created the chaos with your poor "marketing" of the order. Sad!
Who's everybody? Your cabinet members?
then you and your whole cabinet as well as all the republicns should get out and let us have our country back. CLUELESS!!
again, if that was the case, you wouldn't be here.
why are those countries with "proven" terrorist involvement not included?
you are banning scientists, doctors, students, mothers, babies. #insane
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
bad hombres....they are everywhere
why aren't Muslim refugees going to Saudi Arabia they can take 500,000  No takers they want to dominate us
President Trump is awesome!!! Finally we have a leader who cares about keeping the US safe!
I agree with you entirely.   I am 100% in what you are trying to achieve.
@dhotle Love the job you've doing! God bless you & may He keep you well & safe 24/7!
That's not what you did!  You think that little baby that needs heart surgery is a bad person with bad intentions?
There's no argument, 75% of America sez #FVCKtrump because among other things, ur #illegitimate, ur a #TwoBitTraitor 
Keep them out!  Take care of America first!
Exactly! Why do people want to complicate it?
can we keep you out of the country? You admitted to sexual assaults, you are a really bad hombre!
the word ban came from your mouth and your swamps mouth. On recorded. What exactly is your point here?
"Ponder and deliberate before make a move. " Sun Tzu, The Art of War
I BEGIN to LOVE CHINA more, there are many GREAT leaders while a CLOWN.
look within
Start with jihadi training camps here in US
@TrumpIsTheBoss3 Those of us in our right minds know that! We are with you, President Trump!
THEY'RE ALREADY HERE DUMMY. LOOK IN THE MIRROR!!
@jmanjerseyboy RIGHT !!
and helping to strengthen radical groups making it more likely for another 9/11. STUPID
Well put, Mr. President!!
but... it's a ban. And do yore homework, this will only create more terrorist problems not solve them. #learnhistorynow
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about maintaining prejudice and bigotry
If you want to keep bad people from harming Americans, limit the availability of guns & increase background checks. #resist
All the bad people come from the countries your hotels are in. Ban them!!!!!! ie: 9/11 terrorists
the silent majority around the world  worried about mass migration changing a nation's identity. Trump speaks for majority
What's Funny Trump Isn't the Problem ..U People R yr Own Enemy U make up Crap ..Get the Crap Right ." EXTREAM vetting period "
Ban Bannon!
"Everybody knows it's a ban. It is a ban, so there. My bad. It is about keeping my bad family in the White House!
its about keeping innocent people fleeing terror, who are a different religion than you, out of our country. Un-American!
@conraddalton39 this lady should be celebrated 
Sherri Kraham Talabani, President of SEED, found a refugee camp in #Kurdistan, helping 13000+ mostly #Yazidi #Kurds. 
so, it is a ban??
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death & destruction!
Not if you don't include Saudi Arabia! Quit bullshitting us with your alternative safety!
Stop with NATO is too old,  NAFTA not good, UN too old. They all have to go. Your a has been, your too old & scary ugly GO
Once u succeed in this, I am sure rest of the world who r suffering will also follow the same. BAN
then do extra security checks, everyone deserves a safe place to live!!
I'm 100% with your USA Protection from foreign threats. How can a working man help?
I believe you, O Great Leader. Will it keep @SteveKBannon out of the country? #KimJongTrump #NationalDayofPatrioticDevotion
bad people are people who make decisions...your job is to inspire the opposite..you are a leader you need to lead not BAN
You mean the college student who lives here, or the professor, or the children fleeing for their lives. Oh, I'm so scared.
what about the countries you failed to include that have known terroristic threats? Oh right, business ties. Corrupt!
Such as five year old boys who are LEGAL AMERCIAN CITIZENS?
no it's not you are still here
You were the one calling it a ban. Own it.
then you should have been banned a few decades ago....before you were grabbing young innocent girls.
Soros has infiltrated students with paid for rioters. Dems can not figure that out.
Thank you for your efforts in making us safe!!! Love that you are "my" President!!
did President Bannon come up with idea..we all know he really is the POTUS
NO, IT ISN'T. It's so you can say you did something. The wrong thing, naturally, & the thing that protects your businesses.
is there a questionnaire to tell who has bad intentions ? Or is Looks? Religion? Ethnicity? #Discrimination #ImpeachTrump
@nytimesworld 
@washingtonpost 

Do u mean people who r divisive and speak of hate & bigotry and don't respect minorities?
So true! Leftists are complicit in _any attacks_ that ensue.
YOU called it a Muslim ban. Rudy Giuliani confirmed it. #DISTORTED TRUTH
You sound like you are in kindergarten with your "bad people." Grow up and learn to make a more nuanced argument.
the other muslims ,dont even condemn evil acts by terrorists...r they silent supporters of them?
"Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do" 
Using the words from your own tweet.
gowithyour heartyourlongestroadyou're ever going to havetravelin your life is the distance betweenyour head and your heart
