that's because there are still sand people left in the world.
did you get this info from the "Fake Media"?
seems like liberal Democrats and liberal media don't know anything about National Security and no Intel
A majority did not vote for you, you know that, don't you.
Extreme vetting is needed to  keep America safe!!
trying to make yourself feel better that your own people hate you huh?
you are fickle! There are more than 10,000 coming across! If that's all for 10 COUNTRIES you're doomed!
why don't you run for office there?

3 millions in Turkey' land of humanity. Shame on you
can I still get your hideous ties at @Macys?
it's common sense!
Extreme vetting? Fuck! How about extreme vetting for PRESIDENTS! Tax returns! REAL Medical! #muslimban #DonaldTrump #USA
@POTUS @NBCNews what we expect to see in a year, they sometimes see in a day.  Are you people serious?!!
So you think 10k out of 510m people is an accurate poll???

yes we know they do they just got to grow some balls sorry about the language
If a majority of countries want you to jump off a cliff, @realDonaldTrump ...
...would you?
Please?

#PresidentBannon
LIAR!!! WE DO NOT SUPPORT YOUR BAN! I HOPE EVERY EU NATION WILL BAN YOU FROM ENTERING OUR COUNTRIES!!!
Easy D likes to post stuff and make himself feel better when he does something people don't like. Buck up there buddy. 
also, doesn't make it anymore wrong or unconstitutional when people "like" it. Stop crying and govern. 
That's like a 1000 people per country.... basics stats and logic will tell you that's not representative
Darling I know this political thing is difficult for you to grasp, but they don't vote in the US. #PopularVote
..Fake news
This is only due to the fear mongering you and your ilk have done! 1.6 billion Muslims aren't "bad people".
I really wish you knew how to read:
Where was the muslim outrage over this?
Guess what? They don't live here so they don't have a say!
what up Easy D!
So, in reality, on average 1,000 per country. Not exactly a high quota, Mr President!
I'm sure their governenments are ready to comply
Funny how the left wants to disregard any polls that support  Trump.  Even the ones from the left!  Sad!
I trust POTUS n Generals w/USA security than judge(s) on a court what do they know? Looks like politics only
lol didn't you say just last week that polls on NBC are fake news? Or is it only fake when you disagree?
Oh @realDonaldTrump 10,000 people in 10 Countries. Wow. More than the inauguration. I bet you can’t name the countries without a grown up.
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' 
Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...http://bit.ly/2k4fvqgEUPoll 
@POTUS Majority of Americans don't give a rat's ass what you think
"fake news"
Then go run for President if the EU. We have a Constitution which is the law of our already great country
You didn't even mention the Constitution, Bill of Rights or Rule of Law in you inauguration speech. You hate this country.
wrong president. U must mean obama.  Obamacare, drones and race baiting
I suppose this isn't FAKE NEWS. From a channel that aired an 'illegal' tape? #hypocrisy #TrumpImpeachmentParty #Ednamma
Legend. #GOAT #Ednamma #3DibsOnABetterFuture
I support it too
Fake polls & fake news. When you have money you can get anyone to say anything.
Thank you so much. Please keep the gofos out of our nation.
oh
no we dont agree with you - which is why none of the EU nations have a travel ban...
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...https:...
@eu @JunckerEU have succeeded in destroying those countries who took in #Izlamathugz
Wow imagine that.
So, 1000 people in each of those countries are as heartless and racist as you?
Brainwashed.
Quit your day job and move there.
... high school, or 1/10 of a small city of 100,000 people, or 0.0016 of people who ride the MTA per day. Not even 1% #sad
People randomly selected. That’s how good polling works. I’m sure right wing parties are growing in EU for NO REASON. 
We're the U.S.-effing A. WE have the Constitution, Bill of Rights, "Bring us your poor huddle masses". EU who?
“Poor huddled masses” isn’t in our constitution. Our founders would have laughed at it. That’s a stupid poem.
I don’t watch cnn, but I bet a t bone against a milk bone they didn’t cover that
You tweeted that majority of us supported his #MuslimBan
That was a lie.
Words matter.Facts matter.
you are all mad,and naive and easily led by your guilt trips and clever glabalistsWAKE UP..
I guess NBC is not FAKE NEWS this time?
It will be overturned because  these judges went beyond their power.It ain't over...Tim,
Judges don't go beyond their power, they act within it.
Yes, that is what they are SUPPOSED TO DO, these did not.
You are getting like Trump. Don't agree with decision, blame it on others.
No, I listened to Judges who don't agree with the ban,however know it's constitutional
@POTUS @NBCNews No doubt! We don't need their problems here. Germany and EU can thank Obama for the refugees.
@Gas8128 @NBCNews PROTECT AND SERVE!! That's why we Hired DJT!! Secure our borders!!
THINK! What if someoneSeparated Ivanka From Her Children&Handcuffed themAWAY FROM HER! INHUMANE acts thatU created
We do too!!!!
I thought Europe was a total disaster, like Obama? And yet you keep saying "but they did it" like that makes it ok.
Sir,why bombing their countries then ban them from a refuge?Stealing their OIL & GAS then killing'em is"business"?
again being popular doesn't make is morally or constitutional. #RepublicanAdministration
Foiled again, Donnie.  The Federal Appeals Court doesn't like you.
yet another lie?  You've lost all respect
they all have Christian blood on their hands. I wouldn't let any of them in. They are proof that well be victims
%100 but the lefties in Europe have a loud voice like democrat in USA and pretend isn't the case
They asked 1000 people per country. Hardly a representation of European support for your ban. Nice try, but WRONG!
@POTUS @NBCNews create safe country  for genocide victims.
@POTUS @NBCNews 

Please re tweet if you think congress should #ImpeachNinthCircuitJudges
can you share polll results so we can all rejoice
@POTUS @NBCNews @preidentbannon. Great! Go be ther president?
YES!!!! The polls you've been waiting for. Now resign and go be president of a leading EU nation.  They love you. We don't
Hey genius 10K people in 10 countries is less than 1% @realDonaldTrump Stupid? Liar? BOTH?
@potus They don't support it.
Time to get Sessions after these judges!!
WRONG AGAIN THERE ARE NO!!! AMERICAN INDIANS NAMED TRUMP SO THAT MAKES YOU AN IMMEGRANT!!!
Well, yeah. They've already experienced the results of mass immigration without proper vetting.
u seriously RT a picture with this caption? & said 10k ppl support the travel ban? Europe has >300 million ppl!
No such poll ever took place. Who's spreading fake news now.
no one wants their Bs they do not come to assimilate with us. They come to bring their Neanderthal ways. #noway
Because you care about OUR safety you fight for the vetting, and we appreciate it. GUARD THE HOUSE. AMEN TO THAT.
oh shit
journalists are no more liars now ?? or alternative facts ??
It's almost like racism can be found outside of America too.
Yes, Europeans want a TOTAL BAN on muslim immigration:  but their Soros puppet leaders KEEP MUSLIM FLOODING!
They are disgusting people! These men, these animals,attacked me and my sister while we took a dog for a walk
of course  president . the whole world realized it at last .
Is apparently a big liberal European who loves Europe.  Europe is also a fan of single payer healthcare. Can we have?
@POTUS @NBCNews U.S isn't as homogeneous as Europe. It is our strength not our weakness.Too bad you can't appreciate
ya lost Donny!
of course, there is thousands and thousands more that support  Trump's travel ban!!
not true its FAKE NEWS sent out by the fake presidential public relations team
Wait, I thought NBCNews was FAKE NEWS. This means the poll should or shouldn't be trusted??
we also want to deport the scum that was shipped in
I AM AN AMERICAN WOMAN AND I WANT TO PUT MY HEART OUT TO ALL YOU WOMEN GOD BLESS YOU
@POTUS @NBCNews  Just because the alt-right in other countries think it's a good idea, doesn't the fact that it's amoral.
Popularity does not make an unjust policy okay.
we arent europe. since when do you care what europe does? they also have socialized health care. can we do that too?
Keep up the great work! Pull back funds from the UN, they are not our friends!
is this poll like the ones that said you would lose
You live in an alternate universe. They are powering against you because you are a screw ball.
true or fake
in which Leading EU nation would that be, Hungary?
POTUS unable to produce legally sound travel ban, then whines about losing in court. SUCH A CRY-BABY!
I do hope you plan on returning the statue of liberty, with you as president what it says is a lie.
I hope they do because Americans do too. Global establishment is our problem
BS Stop lying loser.
good....move there!!!  I'll help you pack!  #potusBanon #stfuandwork
keep going. u have the ppl behind u. 9th are nut jobs. fix and move forward.
uh... So negative = untrue and positive = true... Have you lost your mind?
I thought it wasn't a ban
Now that's FAKE news if I've ever heard it.
dear Mr president please contaci @NazionalistiIt1 that Want a man like you. Please do it!!
Mr. President, just finished news conference. I am so proud of you. So glad you won 
so that USA can count on you.
YES! YES! YES! YES!
fake news dough
bro u suck
Majority of EU nations have free health care for their citizens.
you are hated by the entire world ! Seek a psychiatrist! Nut job !
Every time I see people supporting the travel ban, I think of the 4-mo-old girl (and others) who needs surgery ...
NOW you want to quote polls?
FAKE ELECTION/FAKE PRESIDENT
Why do you talk in our names. We hate your fycking ban !
Because you guys arw immigrants to America and stole land from red Indians??
is that why there were mass protests involving over a million people in Europe AGAINST this ban?
FAKE NEWS!
"What he wants is to manufacture his own pseudo truth; to create a reality where he always wins.
that's a 1000 ppl per country; that's not many, js
- Why are you quoting a "fake news" outlet?? Dude, make up your mind! #idiot.
PLEASE JUST WRITE A NEW EXECUTIVE ORDER BANNING THESE MUSLIM COUNTRIES - FORGET ABOUT THE LEGALITIES OF THE FIRST1
if the majority always won, you wouldn't be president
NOT a very, very impressive, tremendous sampling. And why believe this poll and US polls showing we hate u. #DJTisanidiot
add Sweden Italy and France
#TrumpIsANazi #CowardTrump #NotMyPresident
no the Nazis are tearing up our streets and businesses
Dream on, loser!
FAKE NEWS! Europe thinks the order sucks
......They polled 10,195 in 10 countries....that's 1,019.5 in one country.
4000 flight cancellations today. I'm snickering with God today.
Ahem...10K people in 10 countries?  Hardly a "majority."  There were far more than 10K protesting Trump Muslim Ban.
@POTUS @NBCNews something must be done about these courts denying your orders. That's not what the people want
Well they are not the USA are they FUNNY THING IS THEY HAVE NO VANS JUST ANOTHER LIE PUT OUT TO MAKE YOU LOOK GOOD DREAM ON
