Member subsidies are reported on yearly taxes.  This IS NOT free money. Does the Gov report the $ offset by their allocations vs taxes pd?
Who the hell knows Obamacare is a massive and complicated tax law that's a crony gift to health insurance companies.
Hmm... http://www.pnhp.org/facts/what-is-single-payer …
What are you waiting on force the government to magically deliver healthcare to everyone even illegals
Followed by the rest of demands for free stuff like college and whatever else you can dream up that's owed to you
Whew! Hate much?
Single payer.... Nip the escalating & extravagant industry profits.
Single payer would boost corporate profits & stocks removing all healthcare cost from businesses by putting it on taxpayers like you. I'm in
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/what-is-single-payer …
Fake News!
Could it be that the White House and Republicans are affecting the market in a negative way due to uncertainty??
Idiots. Article says: Obamacare isn’t to blame for premium hikes. Trump and Rs to blame because they continue to sabotage it.
More negligent reporting. You fail to mention the reason is because of the Trump admin hostile policies and threats to withhold subsidies

There is no Constitutional provision guaranteeing insurers annual higher prfit .
Correct. That's the point. Tragedy in all of this is it is playing with peoples' lives.It sickens one.
Yea well if people refuse to pay I'm sure they will understand. Insurance is another form of bs perpetrated on us from the illegal feds
#CluelessBastard Is what @realDonaldTrump is NEVER Reads Just a #UseFulliDiot
You really don’t know what you’re talking about you should stop embarrassing yourself!
Obamacare only getting more expensive Republicans, what are you going to do about it????
You must be on Medicaid!!!!
YOU CAN KEEP YOUR PLAN! YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DOCTOR! Wait, what? Oh, JUST KIDDING! Your rates will  increase by 200%. Our bad!





Sorry. Heres a update on that fact...its actually 38% now...that was June.
Not true. Trump is very popular.
Oh sorry...@foxnews reports its up to 39% last week...my bad. And that is his base...the rest of us think he needs to be committed/jailed.
ALL insurance premiums are increasing. 
This is not just an issue for OCare, it affects EVERY person in the US.
Please, Mr. Trump, HELP!
RT @foxandfriends: Insurers seeking huge premium hikes on ObamaCare plans http://fxn.ws/2vkmNy9 ...
Now do you see why we need to get rid of Obamacare?

Obama gave us a health care system that penalizes the young, bankrupts the middle class, and does not let you keep your provider.
Do you understand how insurance works? And the middle class is going bankrupt not bc of healthcare, and providers need to be kept in check
Obamacare is helping prevent middle class bankruptcies- they have coverage now.
BS
Just following the script. Built to fail on the way to Obamanista's socialist single-payer system. Democrats in motion...
Maybe read the article. The reason for rising rates is the potential repeal of subsidies and individual mandate.
Sorry, that's wrong. The reason for rises in rates would be lack of competition. Ever considered real free market capitalism? It works.
Obamacare insurance subsidies paid by taxpayers are corporate welfare stealing from all of us! Don't fund ACA ins bailouts!
#ACA #epicfail
Exactly. RomneyCare doesn't work. #SinglePayer Get rid of #CorporateWelfare
And just what do you think your appeal rights will be with Washington DC single payer?
#FullRepeal
#freemarket
I am from the government and I am here to help you. Does Anyone believe that BS? The VA is govt healthcare. Go there sometime.
Quote from article:"... insurers are concerned about Trump’s threat to halt payments to the industry that in turn help bring down costs,"
...while making record profits and providing zero value to the Health Industry. Maybe it's time for them to go, no?
Profit and healthcare are unnatural bedfellows?
They should be unnatural.
Why would anyone get into any business that doesn't make a profit?
Single payer. And the entire health insurance industry can disappear. Poof, gone.
Along with the quality of your health care.
Nope. Countries with a universal plan have better outcomes for less money.
Was Charlie Gard what you call a better outcome?
