The swamp has not been drain yet,on both parties,we need to stand behind president  Trump,and drain both swamps. We the people have had it whit both parties. Drain the Swamp  vote them out.
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on...
-Mr. President, actually .@SenateGOP has a last BEST chance 2 END #Obamacare #GrahamCassidy #BlockGrants 2 STATES @HouseGOP
Make the Republican Party great again back to their core values!
Nope! They F'ed it up! #GopSucks
@realDonaldTrump Obama's tweet most popular EVER.  #lessismore #WorstPresidentEver
This is all about they did not want the President in the first place did not want to back him up
Not gonna happen, move on potus to something that is achievable in your lifetime...
Las diferencias no son tantas, en Cuba hubo guerrillas anticastristas una decada, hubo control TOTAL de los medios...


STRAIGHT REPEAL
Block grants to States for Medicaid,opioid addiction, existing Conditions.
Free Market!
No Ins Co Bail OUT!
That was a dangerous plan.

Again, you have right and wrong confused. You have no sense of right and wrong.
Can We get On with what is important
Republicans need to stop caring about $ they get from healthcare industry - then they will be able to fix healthcare
So disappointed in our party
It's NOT the right thing for a majority of Americans. Get your effing priorities straight.
YOU MEAN TO TALK AND VOTE YOUR REAR END OUT OF OFFICE CLOWN!
Why should we get a different insurance then those who serve us? Please make it the same,
That would get it done quickly!
yup,put up or shut up
And btw Thank God for President Donald Trump. In hundred years you are by the best president. Thank you for not backing down.  God be with U
This system is wrong cuz im least paying into the system.  Please Trump, obama put me here.  I voted for you cuz i cant stay here.
Can you explain that better?
I work for india s who launder money.  Mexican gets cash and the white girl gets payroll to prevent audits and i cant  afford insurance
I have to go to third class clinics for care.  Cuz i cant afford even obama care.  So if trumpcare can please you cant be worse.
I just wish i was mexican instead of american the struggle is real.
Im a citizen who cant get insurance as a server My cook gets paid cash for full time work and keeps pregenate women to keep medicaid food.
I think it's time to worry about N. Korea and move on with Repeal & Replace
I HATE how twitter promotes all of these HATEFUL REPLIES to Trump's tweets. It's despicable.
They are on their last chance and getting on my last nerve. The #DemPublicant party just isn't working for Americans anymore only themselves
Or what?
Regardless of the outcome of this put all politicians federal and state on the same health care as the rest of the country now
bite their butts Pres. Trump! They will be voted out is the new threat to those that have bullshitted Americans!!!
We need to make every repub that voted against repeal pay by making sure they never serve another day as a representative of real Americans
No go
Sir, you now understand the anger of WeThePeople for believing they would act in our interest. THEY LIED. #VoteThemOut
I'm standing right beside you, Mr. President!
Don't repeal and replace. All you have to do is fix what's wrong and show em you can do better.
John McCain let us down big time and the other two Republicans in the Senate let us down too
         
It's not gonna happen is people are so selfish I don't work for me and I certainly don't work for you fire them
If you keep shouting&pounding your feet I am sure it will come true.Be a leader and come up with an idea once in awhile instead of whining
You are a failure and the GOP has just demonstrated that neither of you can govern.  Failed leadership and incompetence.
Republicans had 7 years to come up with a different heath care and You sounded you had something better .. but you all don't!!
So it's easy to diminish others but havent come with nothing better!Just fix the one that is write now and change the name and be happy!!
Agreeing to your terms id not doing the right thing. If only there was a healthcare provider proficient at removing heads from asses.
Yea well thank gosh they realized that people don't deserve to be treated equal to dogs
Remove the exemption congress has to obamacare. Why are they above the laws they pass
Executive order make them use Obamacare and see how the tables turn!
Blade has the feeling that it's a really difficult subject and legislators may not be qualified to write legislation.  Really need experts
Trumping
.@realDonaldTrump - BEWARE of the #TCareNightmare! All about Trump's personal WIN - NOTHING about the American people!
.@GOP -NOPE! STOP WASTING TIME-6mths & efforts on DOUBLING DOWN on STUPID w R&R. Common sense says U MUST DO bipartisan REPAIR on ACA & NOW!
Penis
All congress should be on obama care.
Ever think about an Executive Order banning single women from wearing clothes in public?
Yes as some dems have said McCain exercised courage going against party leaders now when will dems exercise same courage
boy if you don't ..... there are millions of people who needs ObamaCare. what exactly are you replacing it with?
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan "REPEAL AND IMPEACH TRUMP".  GET YOUR HOUSE IN ORDER THE "WHITE" HOUSE, NOONE LIKE YOU.  RESIGN FOR THE BEST OF THE US
God

Mr. President, thank God for you!
Gp

Congress and their staffs needto be put on the same health plan they are forcing on the rest of the country!
The right thing was done and no one is going to lose coverage. Tried pushing thru bad juju. You'll end up paying a huge price for ugliness.
You wouldn't know what the "right thing" is in your LIFE! You only do "win/lose".  Americans want a win/win solution to this debacle!
When are you going to do the right thing and resign.
We will kil U  One day why U help Sa udiadonkies
we need to get some real red blooded americans in there more like Jason Chaffetz
You are the decider
Please Include me and My knowledge on Healthcare &
Violence in Chicago & Drugs Coming from Islamic EXTREMISTS
Do the right thing. Give people healthcare instead of cutting it. Make good on your campaign promise
OK REPEAL IS DEFEATED.  It's TIME FOR BIPARTISAN SOLUTION TO HEALTHCARE WITHOUT SABOTAGE  FROM #FRAUDPOTUS
#fail
When does all this winning start? #loser
#douchebagpresident
One of my friend told me the Trump is pushing is tiny dick to dump Obama care to Trump care. Where ha failed multiple times. Agreed w him
The right thing is not to leave millions without healthcare.  GOP has no good plan!!
Repeal and replace the #uglyman Trump
Repeal & replace, but you keep omitting the important part: w/bill giving more coverage, for more people, for less money—can’t be GOP only.
Millions of innocent lives lost to a plan that would "help" the country.
You know, in one way your right..But, I don't think you really care WHAT is passed as ling as SOMETHING gets passed so you can claim a win.
LOL can't wait for Trump to release he was the m80 we lit and  flushed down the toilet to say fk the govt.
Realize
Mr. President give Attorney General Sessions a break and keep him on as AT
If you can hear the sigh through this tweet,  it's the sound of population control and millions of Americans dying
Republicans have one last chance for impeachment the #fakepresident
The GOP had 7 years before trump to repeal and replace and did nothing but complain and vote. Now, the same.
Who owns the FED??? We need to go after that people, we need to go back to the gold standart, use real money, Stop the big bankers cartel,
We need to focus on the FED, we can't let them keep printing dollars and taking the country to a Hyperinflation, who owns the FED??
So u can throw 22 millions off healthcare? Umm..they can kiss their political careers goodbye then.
That's okay cause we're taking names of those who rode in on the "repeal & replace" coat tail &  hasn't kept their promises.
For most Americans Brain Cancer not only takes their lives it takes their savings and more.  Not so for McCain and those who vote to repeal.
It would be nice to do this with the Democrats.
You could do the right thing and go back to Manhattan.
The right thing? Depriving millions of health care? You think health care is $12 a month? Please educate yourself.
Illegitimite
Perhaps someone should recommend Congress adopt obamacare as their healthcare plan, and recuse their elaborate healthcare like the commons.
We need to replace those Republicans with actual Americans, not those bought and paid for puppets!
No one cares. Have you caught a fish?
,,,not find someone to put together a decent healthcare bill as you promised? The tax break for rich might have been used for better plan!
You talk about Republicans as if they are a separate group from you.  Are you not still a Republican? W/ all your $$ & power, why could u...
How many last chances again ?
It's cause you're a nut job and they don't want that kind of shit running our health care.
#TrumpRussia #TraitorTrump #putinsbitch #BenedictDonald
You are not competent for the presidency!
They failed us, the nerve of those 7 Rep. SENATORS TO VOTE AGAINST REPEALING OBAMA CARE!!! AND THAT MCCAIN REALLY TAKES THE CAKE TOO!
Oh let me HURRY up and get there so I can VOTE AGAINST REPEALING OBAMA CARE! what a loser!!!

What are you going to do about it? What's your healthcare plan? #FakePresident
I liked u when I thought u were just a joke human and then u ran for pres and I got scared and now u r pres I am sad
i thought you had a better plan? wtf do u need the repubs for??? i refuse to believe u were fos
You've also got the chance to recant your exclusion of transgender troops. #ProtectTransTroops
Everyone hates u.
You got a shot at being the greatest president in the world layoff everybody and start Presidente
Please leave Sessions alone and concentrate on the issues that I voted for you
The RIGHT thing would be to NOT repeal Obamacare but to work with it to make it better
Should just repeal and let the free markets do there thing #freemarket
How does it feel to have failed again, Drumpf? You're literally the worst "President" we've had in a very, very long time.
Coward! A real man would stand up in front of the press and people and answer to the people.)
Your mom has a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it.
But you give them no leadership
how does it feel to be the most disliked pres ever Hahahahahaha.
Keep Sessions or trouble, drop transgender not being able to serve. Both important!
Rightthing, denie 22 to 32 millions of Americans insurance. That is criminal, your criminal.
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan "FAILED AGAIN LOOSER"  REPEAL AND REPLACE DONALD TRUMP NOW.
Your chance is coming near to be a good president and change the way your doing things your going to be impeached
Republicans are stupid (sorry) They still don't understand that their seats are on the hands of: We The People.
go trump
Not happening!
And they DID, the "right thing" they voted NO to YOUR b.s. in favor of the American people and their health and well being. LOSER! Bigly too
Suggest improving the weeknesses of the ACA with both DEM and GOP PARTICIPATION! All will benefit in public opinion! You will look GREAT!
Trying to "improve" Obamacare would be like putting ketchup on a shit sandwich to improve the taste.
TYRANT!!!
The right thing is already done
OK....I didn't really mean last... this is the last...no wait...this is...no....
Ah' Totally Agree, Mr. President.God Bless You, Sir
maybe if you spent as much time working on a new health care as you did playing golf, people might actually like you.
It's time for them to go if anyone new is up republicans or democrats congress is out of touch with the people need all new congress!them!
If you want the people to believe in you sign a executive order for Congress to be forced to use Obama Care.
Most are sellouts they don't give a dam about the people that voted for them

Do all your pictures get Photoshopped so you look less orange? Asking for a friend. Stay classy, D-Money
They have the repeal thing down. The replace part, not so much.
