Good job awesome way to go
Hi
Remember when the "Prez" Steve Bannon said there were too many Asians in Silicon Valley????
To many Asians/Pac Islanders in California! They have high paying jobs and displace American RN's from jobs. American RN's better education!
But makes for some damn good Thai and Vietnamese Phở spots. Subsequently, different topic though *ahem* good Mexican eats out there too! ;-)
Hmong are true Americans! They fought with American troops! Saved our lives! CIA and General Vang Pao had an agreement!
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. https://t.c...
I know, without Asians I would have never existed! #ThankYouAsia
That's cute but where is the White House Initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders? The official page is not available. Updates?

get back to fixing our country...no boards &no commities
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Jemand sollte Dich Fotze erschiessen
Hillary and Obama When you going to prosecuted them! Did you forget. Or you just talk. Say one thing and do another.
You might want to mention the internment camps too. I know history isn't your strong suit.
If you spelled it 'hiztree' he would probably comprehend it better...and that isn't saying much.
Grrrlll, I love you.  ♡
I love you right back more and more every day!!!!
Really, how can either of us help it? Fabulous just attracts. :D
Just gotta face it and live with the fabulous consequences! You always have support if you need it!! It can be tough being fabulous
Lol. It's a public service really.
You two get a room and call it a day.
http://arcturus07.blogspot.com/2017/05/talent-without-working-hard-is-nothing.html …
wow..the Republic finally gets some recognition for years of sacrifice serving the ungrateful descendents the People aye! Amen.
To the Republic for which IT stands....one nation under G.O.D. ( government over the descendents)...indivisible..with 
Liberty and All
So are we building a wall for them also?  Oh no you have the Kushner led deal with them-can't mess that up
He said creating Muslim bans.
does that include that pacific island of hawaeeeeeee
with respect, please look at sherif Grady in Polk county florid for the FBI job
Selling US bulls to China now? You've been selling your bull for quite awhile.

The DOD IG & BMR prove my son was wrongly disenrolled from USAFA after working with OSI combating sexual assault, it's a cover up, help!!!
Great
Yet you hate them
Mr President name the contributions.
Impeach Trump
Hooray! Finally President TRUMP, youhaveremoved the biggest deterrent to the TRUTH,James Comey!CongratulationsPOTUS
And Mexicans too
I'm sure you're especially wiggling your *Mr. Burns hands, "excellent"  since China makes a lot of your products, must play nice Nazi!
@realDonaldTrump And then build walls to keep them out, deport them & eventually, put them into concentration camps! CELEBRATE WHITE PEOPLE!
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
@Scotus does not know Hawaii to be part of the US. Can you get 1 of those kids to set him str8.
I know they are so happy to be recognized by such a formidable saintly man.  #askusfirst!
Are you planning to kick them out of the United States as well like everybody else? Man I feel sorry for you
you're damn right I enrich this country.
.
SOS Venezuela
Your a dong!
Odd how immigrants make our nation better & stronger, isn't it?
You are talking about legal ones I hope. But at the same time I doubt it!
My life is in danger sos
https://soundcloud.com/rakxsdaily/purple-forest-snippet …
DUMB ASS https://www.msn.com/en-ca/news/canada/canada-hits-back-in-lumber-dispute-threatens-action-against-us/ar-BBANERj?li=AAggNb9&pfr=1 …
https://www.msn.com/en-ca/news/canada/canada-hits-back-in-lumber-dispute-threatens-action-against-us/ar-BBANERj?li=AAggNb9&pfr=1 …
Thanks but no thanks
Let the EB 5 funds flow!! Make America STRONG
Except when an Asian-American Pacific Islander judge blocks your unconstitutional Muslim ban executive orders

I was proud to watch you giving the speech with Australian leader . Murdoch is old news .His sons have ruined Fox News .
I am so glad that I live during this times that you are our President .you are God sent to save the world .
Thank you Mr President for the great job you are doing to MAGA. You were born to be the 2nd George Washington .
In Trump we Trust
Dont forget russia and europa ggeec and eng land. And geert
This is nice MORE CONCERNED WITH ISIS I'VE LISTENED TO DESTROY EACH OTHERS NUCLEAR ENERGY
You mean immigrants? I thought you hated them. #Wtf
If youre planning on doing another one of your impressions of a Chinese person make sure to hold your eyelids back w/your fingers like a kid
Can't wait to see what debacle you have planned.
Don't tell @jeffsessions about this! He'll have you expelled from the country!  
why do we have months dedicated to different races when we are a melting pot? they are what is divisive. bring back American nation pride
*who enrich our country.Use that for inanimate objects.
U say this but you're a racist. We know you don't mean what you say here. Don't lie so much. U HATE brown people.
Pacific Islanders... Like in Hawaii? #resist #notmypresident #cheetohead #whinylittlebitch
Interesting u say this as Asians are the largest group of immigrants entering the country and u don't like immigrants
Why?  We are Americans.  The PC crap about "My Race"-American This is a Democrat move to isolate and praise a minority You fell for it Trump
You are becoming more of a politician every day
So where are they in your administration?????
#ReleaseYourTaxes
@POTUS @GOP you do not celebrate diversity. You are a showman. You are not a leader you are a pageant host. The world knows you are a joke.
Name ONE great Asian American. I dare you.
Racist. Liar. Hypocrite.Racist. Liar. Hypocrite.Racist. Liar. Hypocrite.Racist. Liar. Hypocrite.Racist. Liar. Hypocrite.Racist. Liar.
& the looney left will still call our President a racist. Thank God the libs will never be in power again!
I'm ready for this and i liked
I saw it
What about that judge from an island in Pacific called Hawai'i you criticized?
How will you EVER get your suits made?
You want celebrate slave labor?
By profiling them and having them  pulled aside for further investigation? or being "accidentally" taken by ICE? Crappy way to celebrate.
AND YET, you refuse to renounce David Duke and the KKK vote, you routinely ridicule minorities, and you hate women. I'm Asian, you're scum
中国だけは気落ちけよ、北朝鮮と出来レースだ、日本人は知ってる
..mm. Mj
N
We will be having celebrations in specially designed camps...
go get Leigh-ed.
Do you though?
You would have never known this or cared if not being potus
...he says with fingers crossed.
Does Sessions agree?
nice to know you are finally paying attention to them instead of the meetings you stood them up for
Not the Trumpish We. He hates them.
Better start reading your Asian history books.
WELCOME BACK TO NEW YORK CITY, YOUR HOME TOWN WE MISSED AND LOVE 4life Keep Going God bless you all
**who
@,A Call xxk look l I'll look at xx zzz zzz!
a hawaiian judge is just as american as a texas judge. remember that!
This month is mental health care awareness.
They hate you
sure send them more outsourced over seas jobs instead of in America!
I don't.
.glad that America sends praise to ppl who will soon have their jobs, thankful for Asian cooks & dishwashers
God change the names of people places and than plans succeed so give name to G care instead Obama care
Maybe you found out by yourself, there is a big gap between what you say and finally do. Only Blabla. Don't forget to shake hands!
we the people welcome other but have live the american way
Except you loathe immigrants # bigotry
Mr. President, The rumored genocide in S. Africa must not be tolerated. The USA should do something to help. Tragic !
No just No. I'm sorry but May is Star Wars Month so take your BS thoughts to another month I want to celebrate Star Wars for May
Thank you @realDonaldTrump
Remember when your @USAGSessions recently insulted a certain pacific island? Way to celebrate. Yippee
You mean celebrate those whose contributions enrich your coffers, lol
As long as they are not immigrants!
#youlyingfucker
I'll bet you can't name ten important Asian Americans and ten Pacific Islander Americans off the top of your head.
Uhm, is that why Sessions referred to Hawaii as "and island in the Pacific"? Like they don't count, you Lunatic-in-chief?
like you care
does this include the judge sitting on an island in the Pacific who ruled against you?
thank God they didn't t come from primarily Muslim nations
I'm just waiting for you to screw this up too.
The Flaw of zero sum game thought id that it eats itself until it dies ...

Keep Socialized Medicine Right!
#internment camps work
Bully for you Mr. President! Bully for you!! Their contributions have always been very neglected.
Oh the irony...
When will you celebrate the contributions of Muslims?
If only you could ban them to that "island in the Pacific" Put it in line right behind the ones many justices can't support
Oh? Are you deporting them as well? Do you want the money they send to their families too? Like the Latinos money
How did you celebrate?  Lots of Chinese food?
Your daughter should probably stop running Trump brand sweatshops then.
What is behind this man mind
You mean immigrants??  WTF??
I thought Sessions said Hawaii wasn't a real state?
Thank you for sticky rice! Bigly contribution.
I am so sick and tired of celebrities thinking they speak for three American people. Thank you Mr President for all you do.
I am only one voice however I believe you are the best thing that's happened to our government.
No he hasn't done a thing. He'll Obama did the same shit and tRump complained about it. You need a reality  check
Fine.  How about Euro-Amerian heritage month?
Are you celebrating the "Internment Camps" by designating privatized prisons...
Yea appreciation is a virtue. Great job Mr. President.
And who you would have never let in
Looking forward to the hearings , and watching your team go down. You and your team are corrupt . So sad . Bad history from Indians on
Unless of course they are Muslim.  Those Asians and Pacific Islanders we'll ban and deport.  Hispanic spouse?   It'll be twofer!
I really don't think our Atty General wants to participate in this.  He doesn't even believe Hawaii has full statehood privileges.
