TOTAL LOSER
awful
You have officially made today the day so many of us are embarrassed to be Americans, not because of who we are, because of who you are
He thinks he knows everything, that's the problem
And God Bless the World while this ignorant strong headed leads America.
How about you just come clean and accept your impeachment? You very obviously have no idea what your doing and everyone can see that now
I have made my bigly decision. Paris, will you accept this rose?
Environment, you're fired.
The Paris Accord is being replaced by The Covfefe Accord, period!
A sexual predator who once fired Gilbert Gottfried from a reality show is about to make earth's most important environmental decision.
I currently do not have enough alcohol in my house to deal with the dark truth of this tweet 
Stop drinking stay sober once u get sll alcohol out of your system maybe you can learn truth!
Oh you mean causing deflection from Russian investigation? We are not stupid and know it takes time to withdraw.
“When the last tree is cut down, the last fish eaten, and the last river poisoned, you will realize that you cannot eat money.”
So you dont believe in climate change. There are many other issues you do believe in. Focus on them and let America  pick a voice to speak
on our behalf. You work for us and you did not speak for Americans at the summit. Hand off the batand and we will take it from here.
There's no point arguing with you that this is completely the wrong tone for such an important and potentially catastrophic decision.
And there's no point arguing with you about the reality of climate change, even though every major scientific organization recognizes it.
And there's probably no point trying to persuade deniers that renewable energy technology is a good business opportunity for the US
Even though China is investing heavily into it and cementing its lead in the technologies that the world will need:
So all I'm going to do is point out, with enormous sadness, how the US is ceding its leadership position in the world to China.
As Europe and the rest of the planet's developed nations turn to alliances with them to fix the planet's problems:


You won't stick around till 2020 to see this out.
YOU will NOT increase EVERY HseHold Yrly Income $7K but YOU'll  Big Money Corps bottom _ svg $Mllns EPA costs &  CEOs Yrly 6-7 Digits!
Human interference on climate change is a well researched subject and a reality!Future generations will suffer its consequences,so sign it!
@AtonXVIII
It's so incredibly sad that this country is in the hands of an idiot that doesn't care about anyone but himself. It's a very sad day for US
You are the worst leader of a country I have seen in my life. Your plans are misguided, uneducated, and will fail.
“The violence that exists in the human heart, wounded by sin
PUTIN IS LAUGHING AT US
find ways to Make America Great. Keep our country clean, make electric cars. But likely the power hungry do not want that.
Will someone stop the maniac? Or as the rest of the world likes to call him, the Fat Ass!
It isn't your decision. You represent the USA. You are not a dictator. Obviously you still haven't read the Constitution.
Great job!!!  Get our money back. Give us our tax back to the ppl.
Do you think that ice age will come ?

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! you will
Soon to be renamed the Smog Garden!
The US government is not a reality show - there's no need to "tease" your announcements like a commercial.
#AgentOrange 
US is world leader, even in spreading pollution, if you don't stop, you cant expect others and Earth is Doomed.
Is Trump ever going to acknowledge the 3 hate crime killings in Portland Oregon that he stirred up?
I cannot believe you would play politics with the future of the entire world. Truly vile...
I'm from PITTSBURGH.. Loved it! Thank you!!
so you r an embarrassed candyass, vowing to get even with ur critics. The world must pay! You are very like an old despot.
Good job, President!!
U need a hug...#lonely
Boring. Low ratings. Fake Pretender. You do not come close to filling Obama's shoes. Pitiful. History will laugh at you. Weak! Pathetic!
korrekt! I've a technology, Solar system, it's 10 plus better than another system. Looking for USA company for production
How come this decision was taken Mr President?

btw, no one has any interest in making any deals with you.  Real leaders in this country are taking care of it.
Perhaps you should have taken more time and better advice.

Please start doing your job and working for us.
This maneuver has lost you votes in the "Pittsburgh" you claim to represent and PA as a whole. @SenToomey @SenBobCasey know
Your ruining this country
Thank you for pulling the plug on the Paris accord. Anything associated with "Climate Change" is an excuse to get around our constitution.
If you went to a party and everyone wanted to drink beer, but you had to buy. Wouldn't you leave?

Make America great by remaining in the Paris accord.
I'm so disappointed you ended the work of 4 different administrations. Thoughtlessness  and arrogance are not American hallmarks of pride.
You are giving our country the same reputation that you, personally, have. This is a horrible black blot on our history.
make Trump a skinny smart person! I would say "again" but it never existed.
.@realDonaldTrump If u REALLY wanted to make America great, you A) wouldn't have backed out of the #ParisClimateAccords, & B) you'd #RESIGN.
u pompous ass
N
Let's put some of those $Billions saved from the Paris Accord to use for new clean energy tech and solar incentives. Lead by example MAGA!
Lol, doing the right thing will never work....#2muchlikeright
Thank you for pulling out of the Paris Accord.  It was a punishment for the USA!  Obama hates USA!  You are a Hero, President Trump!
Anything to take the news off of the Russian bed mates? You are a liar and a fraud, and light always finds the darkness. Get out of my house
We would have remained a respected global leader. You have made us ridiculous to the rest of the world. They LAUGH at you & mock you.
SO PROUD IF YOUR CHOICE...it does no one any good if other nations are doing things it solves nothing, God takes care of it
America always was and IS GREAT!! It is you, Mr. Trump - who wants to be great too..
When I was 5 I used to play at "reverse talk." Get over it! At your age people will decide you're deluded!
@VP Paris is going to build a dome over the US and make US pay for it.
Lol
@POTUS, every Company does NOT employ a Million Employees! There are many Poverty Taxpayers & NOT enuf Big COs to employ all Mllns Americans
Please.. This is just a diversion. NO WAR!. Dissolve NATO, Bring all the Troops back, END THE FED!, Drop all Support for Israel. Swamp Gone!
#makeourplanetgreatagain
we already know what you will say
I think you meant, #Makeamericatoxicagain btw, what ever happened to giving the coal industry work.... NOTHING
I insist that the UN arrest all Volcanco's.
Let it be known  Bannons opinion is valued more then @IvankaTrump Only you can make a non binding deal worse for America's future
You are no longer the leader of the Free World.
Epic fail!
#once-ler
America was never great
Make America ridiculous again !
You are so great , smart and brave, so that you can make right decisions and have the result to make America great again!
Disgraceful exit!
S
Just how does turning our backs of the climate make us great, telling our children and future children that we don't care if you have air
Your decision puts the planet at peril. Completely shameful and idiotic.
I was watching the summit and foreign leaders were snickering when you were speaking. They will stab US in back first chance they get.
U screwed that one
You suck at your job
It's olny good for the rich
You are not making America great again! You are ruining and dividing our country more than ever! Impeach!!!!!
Wow ,... this decision is just dumb ...
Announce an announcement to announce your next announcement aaaahhhrrrggg
You are destroying America and the planet. Bad dude. Unfit and unqualified.
When will you understand the Paris Accord is about the Planet not jobs you cockwomble?
Lol
You suck at your job. Resign. You'll feel better (and so will we!)
NO on Paris.
"Make America great again" I wasn't aware that destroying the whole world was how you make America great again but ok, you're the expert
Trump 2020!!!
With all your money, can't you offer yourself a brain ?
Keep the deal on global warming...its real bud.
Idiot
MAKE OUR *PLANET* GREAT AGAIN!
VERY DARK DAY FOR AMERICA AND OUR PLANET!  SHAMEFUL DECISION! GOD HELP US!
1 thing dr excites me abt a @realDonaldTrump presidency is d voter turnout @ d next election.No one'll be on d fence. D mandate'll be clear
@MEGA Make the Earth Great Again.
Ironically, that rose garden will become an arid dust pile should you pull out of the Paris Accords.
Nope. It won't.
Don't you like your children an gran-children ???
Thank you for standing for America Mr.President. God Bless you.
SAD
hi Iceland is isis confirmed (this is a joke)
Notice how you said "my decision" - as in the rest of the WORLD knows this is a mistake. #Resist #climatechangeisreal
We will!! Right after we impeach you!!
nothing can be done until the year 2020. You will not be the president because you will be in jail. So good luck with that.
It must feel bad knowing that you are a non blank factor to half of the U.S. You know nothing about politics and you are Prejudice 
I am embarrassed that you are my President. You do not have the intellect to sustain this position. Please resign.
sir according  to world  energy  cellulite  china and usa doing  more pollution  then india.. china   27 usa 16 ..india 6 
Idiot
MAKE THE PLANET GREAT AGAIN!  #PresidentMacron
The only way to make America great is to send your ass packing.
Do you think this is reality TV
His whole life is a show and a joke
Thank you for saying bye-bye to that horrid deal, where China and India are still allowed to pollute as much as they want!
My President!   We Love ya Mr. President   You keep doin what your doin !  Reality is 75% on America is on your side      You know this sir!
No credit was given to USA for her enormous resource of trees compared to poor Europe who has cut all hers down for wall to wall concrete.
. Thank you Mr. President for everything you do. Keep strong. We are praying for you and your family everyday. Love Barron.
If you turn off the grants the global warming lie will stop.
ReSiGn
Going to be a shame when all those big companies don't back you in the next election hahaha
VeraBR@aol.com
Hope Rachael Madow will be back soon!!!
A sad day for our beatiful planet!
Shame, shame, shame on you.
Thank you for defending our freedom and our country. Amen

You are crazy. You  do not know what you are doing to the Earth.  You do not know what it will do to the American nation.
Thank you for breaking free of the disastrous Paris accord. Only you, have the right intelligence and common sense to save our country!
Make the planet great again - thank you for showing a LACK of leadership
Hey Donald Trump we're going to Washington DC to try to see you and go too see the museums so if you get this please reply. # Trump for life
You DO make America great again. Thank you!!
What about rest of the planet ??? You just don't give a sh£t? Right?
Stop that lie, UR working to make American STANK! #Traitor #PresidentialAnnulment #NewElection #IllegitimateElection #IllegitmatePresident
#auspol

Astute trump watchers see another nail driven into the coffin. Leaving the accord? In four years! Don't think so.
Nothing you do is making anything great
It's not a reality show. It's actually the future of the planet.
Please read the gift the Pope gave you.
America never stopped being great! The only thing that could make America better is to get rid of you and your family!
I heard that you dropped out of the Paris accord... thank you!  Good Job!
#MakeTrumpRichAgain!!
To bad your father didn't pull out 70 years plus 9 months ago.
You are a total embarrassment!
All the roses in the world can't cover up the stink you make daily!
Why you saying it like it's an anticipated episode of the flash?
If you were Detroit's President, as you say, you'd listen to Detroiters! Don't use us as your excuse. Climate Change is real.
Dude keep the Paris accord
Get your self a reality check!
