bawk bawk!! Chicken!!! Bully!!! Typical!! You can dish it out but can't take it. SAD!!!!!!!
What a chicken sh** move. Grow up.
you won't be attending an event that no one wants to host or attend because everyone with a brain hates you? What a shock
Wake up American left. Half of us voted for President Trump. This attack on him is an attack on us.
More than half
#MAGA
And THIS BLUE only because of VOTER FRAUD


Silly little scaredy cat with tiny hands and a tiny .....!  You are a joke!
why ? Busy Tweeting? Washing hair?planning world invasion ?
Sy, but if you do a little bit social and lusten to your people than you get a lot more appreciation!!!
coward.
nobody cares about whether you go or not infact they're happy your not going! Illegitimate President!
YES! But where is the CAPSLOCK and the PLURALIS MAJESTATIS? "WE will NOT be attending the STUPID DINNER!"
WE have BETTER THINGS to do! Like TWEETING!"
"We didn't want to go there ANYWAY!"
"CORRESPONDENTS' DINNERS are SO INFERIOR to delightful events like MISS UNIVERSE CONTESTS!"
"Who wants to walk in on a bunch of CORRESPONDENTS changing their underwear? NO ONE!"
"Let's appoint the whole Miss Universe Pageant as SECRETARY OF FUN!"
"Make America Great Again, one BEAUTY CONTEST at a time!"
2011 hurt that bad? #donaldtrumplookslikemashedpotatoespouredintoasuit #tinyhands #noonewillmissyou #youaretheassoftheworld
You would be out of place in the company of professional people, dedicated to accurate reporting of facts.
thank you
to busy tweeting
it'll be better without you
don't worry, even if you don't go, the whole world can still roast you here and on TV. Example: you are an orange buffoon
Ah, you little Snowflake, bless. But I bet the real president, Bannon is actually going though?
I wouldn't either, those people are proof journalism is dead as @seanhannity well put it.
HE HAS BLOOD COMING OUT OF HIS WHATEVER!!!
Judging by pictures, you should miss a bunch of dinners. Wow, Sad.
COWARD!!!!!!
Why was my tweet deleted
LOSER
I hope we can all be indivisible again putting America 1st in my lifetime...
Thank god we've finally a president who cares for America !
same orange glow, same bad hair, same small fingers BUT thicker skin than #45. Can't stand the heat get out of the dinner?
Notice how you think it's not racism when you point to color of skin. You got any substance?
trumps orange glow. lol.
Fake-Bake-45, PRIVELEGED WHITE male, despite orange glow. Po widdle @potus #trumplethinskins 
baked 45 -love him- earned his money. He did not get it from saudis, Uranium deals,, Haiti disaster or speeches
Yes, "Big Daddy" drumpf! "Earned his $" (the YUGE debt, 1/2 a TRILLION & growing) from a little trust fund...
There are so many examples of people winnng many millions in lotto and dying penniless.Why can't they become billionaires?

Maybe they can all enjoy their dinner now without vomiting up the first course.
Jeff Ross would make you shit the old man diaper we can all see you're wearing.
Narcissists have little sense of humor. They don't get jokes,not even the funny papers or simple riddles. You don't belong
Coward
Coward.
Coward. 
why? Are you not mature enough to hold the typical self-deprecating speech at the dinner? Sad. So much to make fun of.
.@realDonaldTrump real leaders enjoy the relationship building of these events. Bigly miss for you. Huge miss. Bad!
-@jodyvance @realDonaldTrump Dear White House Correspondents Dinner, Trump asked me to wish you all well. Have a great evening. He sucks.
Admit it! You fear to be laughed at. You're simply too thin skinned to take it. Talking about not having the stamina. Sad!
you should only wish to have his stamina!!
Reaction to #PresidentTrump skipping WH Correspondents shindig>
#Gutfeld #TheFive
The WH C dinner is just a cesspool for skanky celebrities & fake news ppl. There's zero value for real Americans. Good choice Mr. President!
So is this what happens when you can't control the guest list? @realDonaldTrump
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Why would you go and break bread with liars, cheaters and creative manipulators of the truth?
Because it is what every president of the United States has done since Nixon skipped it 36 years prior > @FOLLOW_DA_BUCKS @realDonaldTrump
> and a free press is a significant part of a healthy democracy, and a healthy open relationship with > @FOLLOW_DA_BUCKS @realDonaldTrump
> the media is part of that and an individual who has been attending an annual event for the better part > @FOLLOW_DA_BUCKS @realDonaldTrump
> of a decade needs a better reason than just "I won't be attending" particularly when said individual > @FOLLOW_DA_BUCKS @realDonaldTrump
they are MSManipulators PERIOD
#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT 

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT 

#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT 

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT 

#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT 

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT 

#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT 

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT 

#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT 

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT
I love  my president
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
COWARD!
Wow, impressive. Give it a star!!     “Messiah”  tweets like most liberals talk.  They are good at cut and paste and vulgarity but can’t put a real sentence together.  There is just an empty space where the brain used to be.
I’m glad he’s not going and Who Cares if the other Presidents did it !
Good!  Waste of your time!
I love  my president and we have to fight for him the same way his fighting for us to make our America great let’s help we have a voice too
And this year!
Good choice President Trump. The media, for the most part, are simply puppets. There is no journalism or real news involved.
It'll be  a great night, then. Enjoy your cheesburgers and tweeting.
Are you MAD MR. TRUMP...?
President Trump...
you realize they have cameras there??
have a dinner hosting the outspoken people on social media that get the truth out!
taking the waaaambulance and going home?
The time for small thinking is over; the time for trivial fights is behind us
Save your country admit you are a russian tool   There is still time to undo the evil you have done

Are you attending the Kremlin Correspondents Dinner instead?
be more like truman not great but he did not spend taxpayers money on washington parties if i read it right.
that's a relief.  You would be so dull after President Obama!
What are you doing about the school shootings? Children teachers dying at what's suppose to be safe.... Sad!
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/facebook-is-testing-dislike-button.html …
"I am the greatest party planner in the world. If I can't chose the guest list, I'm not going," said the crybaby.
AGAIN I WAKE UP AND YOU'RE PRESIDENT!!!!!   IT'S A GREAT DAY!!!!
crybaby thinks the media might hurt his feelings. You're a joke! And worse you've made America the worlds joke.
Good.  They will just try character assassination if not worse.
pos so called President nobody wants to eat dinner with an orange
YES!!!! Give it to them!!!! Finally!!!! Tell the liberal left you do not care
Technically, the correspondents are always at the White House- so maybe you should just NEVER go there again ever!
if you all hate Trump why are you trolling his tweets #stalkers
SAD!
yes what a stupid tradition
Mr. President you should instead hold a rally and stand with the people!
no worries @AlecBaldwin5 will take your place.
You're not "renewing the American spirit" or uniting us. Your refusal to attend denounces 1st Amendment & speaks volumes!
What's that I hear? A collected hooray! They won't miss you!
The only base in US are the 63 Mio. Voters voted for you. Don*t have a view to any others. Just follow your own guideline
Why would he fake news from liberal liars
I wonder why.
Are you substituting a Paul Ryan cackle at your first congressional address?
COWARD
I wouldn’t either. Mainstream liberal media is a waste of time.
the dinner has only been attended by real presidents in the past, so you should skip it. #FakePresident
Leave the stand up comedy to Obama. It was the only thing he excelled
Not true. He was good at globalist bromance, letting illegals flood the US, and claiming Islam is the religion of peace. Fortunately, he's gone having left us with an awful portrait to remember him.
Was it past your bedtime ?
Coward!  Orange  coward!
Be a good time to dump a plane load of snakes in the room & see who moves the fastest!

Donald, this dinner has jokes not dicks. You don't have to take them so hard.
You were afraid the crowd would eat you alive we're not stupid they all owed you some pay back oh well another time & place
Chicken. Afraid of Journalists.... Send the real President. Bannon
whose job is it to wish everyone well in your absence? Seems bad form to rsvp by tweet #fakepresident
I agree w/u. Could tell this joke:  "The flub at the Academy Awards?  I had nothing to do with it.  The Russians did it."
Aww, afraid your wittle feewings will get hurt?! Something else you and Nixon have in common.#ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump The liberal retard friendship magic is really strong in some of these comments.
I have a one-word response to that - COWARD!!!
hopefully next year either
Keep your good work Mr President
Sounds like somebody is ascared.
THANK YOU CHEETO JESUS! Pathetic, thin-skinned #ManBoy #Buffoon
They will with your absence.
I agree with you 100%.
chicken loser.
hi Mr. President I am a huge fan of yours and can't wait to see the amazing improvements you make for our country Logan 16
Aw, whatsamatter Donnie. Can't take a joke?
wimp
Don’t blame you one bit sir. Why would anyone want to be a part of these grocery store tabloid news outlets? It wouldn’t matter what you said, they’d only twist it into something absurd and false. #FakeNews
Easy decision- just because cowards, who likely never wanted to go, did this stupid dinner doesn’t mean it makes it ‘so’ legitimate that the sane get chastised for respectfully declining. Grow up media kids!
Weren't you supposed to defeat ISIS in the first 30 days of your presidency, but they are still there. Why?
DON'T BLAME YOU! they're all a joke. Shld be called the spinners dinner!
Yes, last time it didn't go so well when Obama grilled, broiled & roasted you!  Trump was red as a boiled Lobster!
Yeah and Trump got the last laugh by becoming the President that obummer said he never would be. The really great part of Trump’s revenge is completely dismantling his entire presidential legacy!!!!
The bias media supports the Islamic Fundamentalist Obama for 8 Islamic loving years in the WH. Hope you fumigated the WH
since there is no emoji for pussy, just go grab your own since you're being such a huge one.
Don’t fire General John Kelly that’s what the Liberal lefts want because they can’t stand that General Kelly has done a fantastic job as Chief of Staff!
wonder if chicken is on the menu?
It KGB style@Propaganda.
Am I invited
lol still having flashbacks from the last one?
Chicken
wow, the insane left is thick.
Good call Sir, this scum is BENEATH YOU, and so is every psycho HATE TROLL  on here. Their "time for honoring themselves" is almost over...
Pg218“The Art of the Deal”U say“As far as I’m concerned, a deal is a deal,& I live up to what I’ve agreed to,”HRC 4 Prison
is the biggest snowflake
not fair!
awe poor baby, are you pouting 
snowflake
good. We don't need no dinner.
why is he asking his twitter followers to "wish everyone well and have a great evening" ?  Are we going???
Keep up the great decision making @POTUS !!!!!  Don't waste your time on #FakeNews people
Decide that before or after everyone else?
Good move. JOURNALISM is dead.
COWARD!
Good decision!
thank god!
Still a coward, eh draft dodger?
YAY!  Miracles did come true!!!
I hate you!
Mostly because u cannot face criticism. Poor little baby. Boo hoo
scared?
chicken....
 Zippity Doo DAH Zippity A! MyOhMy WHAT A WONDERFUL DAY
coward ... not enough thick orange skin?
Great news... !!! lol
Who needs you anyway ! #NobodyCares
#MAGA = #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
painful memories?
You were an fn coward! But, we always knew that, bullies always are.
Good move.  Saw u at the A.E. Smith dinner.  You were horrible.  You would bomb "bigly" at WHCA dinner.
..gotta go to your safe place instead, snowflake? Too much for ya?
Wah Wah Wah. They'll make FUN of me. I'll stay home and play with my GI Joes.
Yes!  Now I can watch it and enjoy it!!!!
yes just have a nice dinner wit h Breitbart and Fox.
your present is highly appreciated mr. President
Drain the swamp!
Why did #PresidentBannon tell you not to go?  Is he the boss of you?
