I'm getting real tired of the GD republicans not getting shit done.
Tax. Cuts for rich FAT CATS. #fakepresident
The Dems know your plan is BAD FOR AMERICANS- much like YOU
"OCare" is wonderful - the Medicaid expansion is great great great!!!
haha Obama
Make American guitars Great Again San Diego Custom Guitars ,..And Lajolla Guitars website will be up soon.
It not Ocare!  It's the Affordable Care Act!
Exactly! Those #Dems were out to screw the rich just so middle class could get prescrips and cancer treatments.  Stupid #OCare *sarcasm*
Hey coke head why don't you invite both sides to negotiate
well done
Smoke and mirrors Mr president. Everything you tweet is fake news
Who cares!!
And you soulless monsters claim to be "pro-life". Shame.
You are a big embarrassment Fake President!
But is it mean?
Let's hope they put their vote where their mouth is. If not, remove exemptions to OCARE so they get to live under the misery of constitutes.
You can't put a crown on a clown and expect a king #Russia 's #trump #Resistance
Bullshit

They don't give a shit what you had to say, why do you think they did everything in private and out of under your thumb. They own you. LOL
That's why after 8 years they've come up with a bill so heinous their own party won't even vote for it.
Getting it right does not mean 22 million people losing their health insurance so rich people can get a tax cut.
I have stage 4 cancer and Obamacare is keeping me alive. What's your plan for me & others whose lives depend on it?
Here's a great idea... keep everything good about the aca and fix the issues with the rest of it. Do that and you'll be seen as its savior.
Which is why they were rushing it through and having no hearings, right?
You mean you met with Repubs. in a highly secretive non-productive 'meeting'? You have NO idea what's in OC or the (no good) revisions. 
Liar!
No they don't they want 2 cut medcaid & give tax cut the the richest American like they need more money more than others need healthcare
They will get it wrong.  Like they always do.
I think DJT is slow playing so the dems can see obamacare self destruct
Donald Trump has 32.8 million followers but only averages 50K likes per tweet.

Like or RT if you agree that his account is all fake bots 
shit
Thank You Mr. T #MAGA
I hear you a fan of gynaecology exams
Get price transparency! No market unless consumers can see prices. The health care cartel needs to post prices. Impossible to get a price.
For whom? Presumably not the 22M that will lose their cover?!
But want taxpayer funded healthcare, housing stipends, tax breaks for the rich while taking those same things away from the rest of us.
"no one will lose health care coverage!" is as true as "Bob's Burgers is back on Netflix!"
Everything you do is motivated by your fear that Obama has a bigger dick than you.

You don't even understand the bill much less Obama Care! Your intellect doesn't allow you to process things that aren't on a 3rd grade lvl!
How are your pants not on fire? #liarliar #NoTrumpCare
Fishing for #ComplimentBukake again
BS! You don't have the votes because it is a horrible, mean, scam to take away our healthcare.
ACA cut the number of uninsured by millions. You want to cut health care from millions to give tax cuts to you and your 'liddle' buddies.
You are responsible for premiums going up by 71% in Florida. Hope you're happy.
Well, that was pretty naive eh?
Amen to that!  Jen

Mr President you need to look at that Bill, it has the opposite of what you promised the American people...
Hey trump you old geezer when you need a nursing home what are you going to do when there none
Not with 25 million people left without health care...
We have your back, Donald. Never back off! We will win this battle together. We pray 4 you, your family, & team everyday!  America 1st!

@Potus - I'm such a big DJT supporter that I shout it from the roof-tops in liberal swamp of MA. Please tell me your joshing-GOP SWAMP
vote yea
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, un...
Thumbs up! 
Prove that you all want to get it right by continuing to provide health care for ALL members of the US military.
WE, the PEOPLE, Like ACA!!!
And what about the kids and families supposed to with no food or meds and housing we live in low income for a reason
What names did you call them from your Bully throne?
trump che  ne pensa  dell discorso extraterrestre
Hey @realDonaldTrump! A donation was just made to @PPact in your name via @TheTrollTax.  #TrollTax
Thank God at last!
Thank God for our awesome President trump.  We (Americans) need to get behind him & Make American Great Again. Contact your State Senator
I hope for the sake of the American people they get this legislation done correctly
You own it, you voted for your hero. You and yours will bear the brunt of this just like my kids and me.good luck to you you’ll need it!
I hope that we can all have access to the same healthcare plans as congress does and with all identical subsidies as they have.
USA Can't afford that. Can't afford the current level of gov't subsidies. Need to fix cost of  healthcare, get lawyers out.
I agree that their are types that need weeding out, but until the concept of equality sinks in with Congress I can't support their efforts.
We should pressure Congress, that under the 14th Amendment the equal protection clause includes healthcare too.
I hope u are right they better get rid of socialized medicine /Obamacare
I  am sure you lied and manipulated the senators to get what you want
You shape up this politician. I will not donate to anyone of them unless they help you MAGA . thank you 
Yes, I'm sure they want to get the tax breaks right, for themselves.  You and congress should be mandated to the plan you come up with.
Yea, They wanna maximize their HUGE tax cuts while throwing old ladies out of nursing homes & cutting chemo in the middle of treatment
Were you at the mtg or do you just enjoy making stuff up.
This is what good leadership looks like.

Yeah so 20 million people won't have Trump Health Care because they will get kicked off of course the rich will win
If by "get it right" you mean "make myself more money" then you're doing it right
We love OBAMA! We love OBAMA! Neener Neener Neener!

Did you really say that about nika, who cares what people say. Have more class.
by the way you still need a new wig
Healthcare is simple. Repeal obamacare. Open VA medical system to any CITIZEN who wants govt. Healthcare. The rest of us can keep our Dr.
Even the rich, that have a care for humanity, don't need or want that extra money at the expense of the lives of those in our nation.
Then why are they pushing this horrible bill which is worse
Good! Getting it right is better than all the bickering! Maybe having Dems work with you would be good. But you know that better than I do!
No, they just want to cut taxes on filthy rich people. They don't give a damn about healthcare and neither do you. It is obvious.
Waiting on my transplant from Anthem BC BS who refuses to cover it. Sad insurance play Dr.
Fake news
You will never be able to get rid of O care.
You will have to use parts of it
O care just needed to make adjustments.
Way to go !
I don't believe you
Make medical care a national not-for-profit and just take care of our citizens!!!
we have a mentally ill lunatic in the White House!
The they must open it up to public comment. They needs the real experts opinions. #HealthcareBill
NO THEY DONT! THEY WANT TO GIVE THEMSELVES TAX BREAKS. WE'RE NOT IDIOTS 45, JUST YOU
I support all P.Trump doing for healthcare "Rep&RepO"
People in the middle class  are caught in the web of this horrid thing! Just ask THEM!
At least Obamacare created a healthcare for the country.  Republicans didn't want to even provide a plan for Americans.
Ocare took what, for most people,  was GREAT healthcare and fucked it all up for everyone but the 29 million w/o hc and a handful of others.
Everyone? Pretty sure people on Medicare were ok. Same for employer coverage

Anyway the uninsured rate has never been lower than it is now
yeah but only the poorest can afford to see a dr. because THEIR care is subsidized by everyone who can't pay their premiums AND deductibles
So you think the GOP should stop sabotaging the ACA and increase the subsidies 

I agree
no. i think the we ought to go back to what we had before and simply subsidize the poorest and assist those with  pre-existing conditions,
You basically just described Obamacare
Sounds like fake news to me....
Thank goodness that crazy bill is a failure. ACA/Obamacare is better than anything you could dream up!
Their not even close to a decent bill. Horrible
Fake news, they just want the tax breaks.
They supposedly had a healthcare plan before the election.......guess that was a lie too!
Why not all?
F
Obamacare was just fine until Marco Rubio destroyed the high risk pools at which point insurance companies had to pull out. GOP sabotage.
How is Slashing Medicaid and kicking millions of people off of insurance while instituting an "age tax" called "getting it right"?
Get it right equals 50,000 more deaths a year!
Playing double dutch aren't we? Let's see what the Floor has to say.....
The only thing they know how to do well is hurt the middle class and poor. Remember Mr President you said amazing coverage for everyone.lies
You mean you threatened republicans that don't support your ridiculous attempt at healthcare???
Lies are so easy for you. No leadership, no class, no conscience SHAMEFUL, SAD. PATHETIC.
CNN decided to take their cue  from the muslingers' campaign of John Adam versus Thomas Jefferson. CNN cheapened journalism as a career.
I hope and pray that they/ you really do get it right as health care is a real life and death matter especially for the poor & sick/ hurt.
Yeah because they know how fucked up this version is.
They've been trying to "get it right" for over 10 years.  When is that going to happen?
It would be nice to be able to afford insurance finally
If it was so great, you would want your name attached, because you are vain. I have yet to see you call it Trumpcare.
Yay we all get to die!
Getting it right for the Rich!!  Gooooooooo Wealthcare!!!!
Dont u have anything to tweet except Ocare
Was it like that meeting where everyone praised you as if members of a cult were seeking validation from a leader who is bonkers?
If they want to get it right go for the promises you made and INSURE ALL AMERICANS ,SO YOU CAN MOVE ON OMG YOUR THE LEADER MAKE IT HAPPEN !
Obama- a true STATESMAN. Well-spoken, dignified, approachable, honest, great sense of humor, LOVED. Trump- none of the above. VERY VERY SAD.
If it wasn't called ObamaCare would you have changed it at all?
You are just anxious to get a win and will accept any piece of crap legislation they send to you. The Trump Quote... So Sad.
If you worked for the city of Springville @$13.00 -$15.00 hour and paid out $602.00 a month on Obama care do the math.  call and confirm
Nitwit.
All you guys ever talk about is how it's NOT OCare. You never talk about the specific points of the new bill and how great they are...
7+ years to get it right. Overly optimistic for a bunch of incompetents
Fake news Cheeto
Lying conman phony crook Tax cuts for billionaires at expense of poor and elderly. Ur a fraud @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller
Trumpcare total disaster another trump lie. trump has no class or dignity, he is crass & common & leading US 2 democratic destruction
Incentive to join now & not wait till ill: "full coverage to those who join now or high deductibles on de-escalating scale over 5 years
You will never be as good of a man as Mr Obama, let alone be as respected and admired. You're just a pig in a baggy suit with a long tie
#SEMPER FI
Repeal not replace!
Hope they are wearing their Maui Mike's lip balm in 9 tropical flavors.
OCARE is and always will be better its not out the SCREW THE PEOPLE you are out TO CONTINUE TO GROW YOUR SWAMP AND YOUR POCKETS ON US
Here's a start.  But what do I know? I'm not a lawyer, just a doctor.
@POTUS @POTUSPressPool #DonaldTrump So far they are doing exactly what you said you wouldn't do.  Screw the needy and reward the rich. Liar!
Obamacare was right for 3/4 of Americans. Could have made it better as universal coverage
Oh  btw we want a flat tax system as well.. quit playing and get er done.
You sound like a 3 yr old Unlike Obama. Lol
Hey, @realDonaldTrump: Thoughts on @jasoninthehouse's call for extra funds to help legislators make ends meet? 'Cuz $170k/yr doesn't cut it?
They've had eight years obstructing and still have NOTHING. Sad.
Hahahahaha.
Can you be anymore delusional? Seriously. Are you on shrooms or something? #laughingatyou
I have kids with disabilities & they depend on Medicare for their health, safety, care and, well, lives. @gop doesn't seem 2 care bout them
Me too...good heads and the ability to work together ....I will be praying for unity
The ones holding out do, Not the rest. Watch your back sir
Then start OVER and write something that DOES NOT HURT the Middle and Lower classes. YOU broke your PROMISES! LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!
Why keep your focus on your predecessor instead of working for the American people???
R
