They would be broke like the dems if it weren’t for you. #MAGA
And the #fuckingmoron is using the donations from those #fuckingimbeciles to pay the legal bills for him and his scummy family.

Are you buy more paper towels to throw?
That explains why you love the "poorly educated."
We want Obama back. Nobody wants you.
Is this for paper towels?
Oh is that what you're using to pay for your golf games?
You are small and petty thing Trump.  You are a narcissist with zero to justify it.  TRAITOR!!!!
Go ahead get me killed and the only one that loses is you you lose your job according to my studies you kill the Declaration of Independence
Now this is fake news.And whatever money you do get in donations is probably blood money.
What percent of this is Russian laundered money?

Americans want liberty, Americans want TRUMP!
President Trump represents the Republican platform more faithfully than any President in History!
He won't pardon you
You are insane. Indictments tomorrow. Sad!
DEMOCRATS ARE SICK
Time to rally at your private businesses so you can reimburse yourself triple what one would normally pay. Fill your pockets!
You're losing loser you'll never be nothing but a loser Nazi 
Which is awesome, but seriously, why did @VP even bother going to that game? Serious amounts of money wasted.
People are abandoning the Democrats. LIBERALS. Progressives by the drives. People do not agree with them any longer. Bunch of GLOBALISTS.
We want the MAGA Agenda!
We've been sick of the same old establishment GOP. That's why we all voted for you in 2016 POTUS. Enforce the border and Build the Wall!
Hahahahaha. You've been hoodwinked
Well, your BASE is dwindling.  32%
Small donations
Not a lot of financial help then. U R only 5% above Nixon when he was impeached.. Bye!
Good news for your lawyers defending you and your family. Shame they haven't figured that out yet. But they will soon :)
I love how politicians call "campaign contributions"or "donations" helping,call it like it is."pay offs".
And the only thing Trump supporters and Trump ass kissers fuel is stupidity.
You're nuts, man
No Amount of donations are going to help you overcome the impeachment trial you are about to face
You certainly aren't helping the Republicans who are fighting for a victory right now. Your approval is 32%
Republicans are already turning on you. Who cares how many donations they receive
Trumps impeach Russia did it. We don’t like you. Resign rape steal lie ice cream shoes
You are wrong, they are not donations, they are payoffs to the GOP to not renominate you for 2020.
you are very welcome sir


No, not record amounts of small dollar donations.  Obama had more.  @realDonaldTrump will always be in Obama's shadow and he knows it.
Thank you senator corker you would win if you ran again cos you told it like it is trump is chaos..
Yes from the Trump supporters thank you @nytimes 

.@realdonaldtrump
I have friends who are Democrats who are now contributing to your reelection fund. They look at their own party and see nothing but chaos!
Dude, I seriously doubt you have any friends... let alone a Democrat!... hilarious
Do not donate to the GOP. DONATE DIRECTLY TO CANDIDATES FOR MIDTERM ELECTIONS. MAGA CANDIDATES ONLY!!!


You are the most despised president ever. #moron.
It will be wasted money. Americans have a stake in the next game. We want you out. You will be a 1 term president. #WorstPresidentEver
Failing president.

Hope it's enough for your defence costs.
SHUT UP AND #TAKEAKNEE
You are a racist, self absorbed, small minded, narcissistic, sexual predator! You are vile and disgusting! RESIGN!!!
"Record amounts" of small donations!

How many from Trump-Pence fundraising - politicizing the Las Vegas massacre?
Trump Hats - $40 each - count as a small donations

As seen w/ Trump at disaster sites and in official WH Press Releases at taxpayer expense
Small Donation Con

Where does the RNC money go?

Back to Trump - in personal profits - spent on events at Trump hotels + golf courses
Trump Grifter - Small Donation Con Game

Where does the RNC money go?   Back to Trump for Russia Lawyers - $1 million
Help drain the swamp - for real this time

Doug Jones for US Senate
Special Election - DEC 12
http://dougjonesforsenate.com 
Follow @GDouglasJones
Doug Jones 

Stop Roy Moore - Flip Sessions' senate seat
for affordable health care, education and equal rights
http://dougjonesforsenate.com 
Thank you Mercer, Koch bros., and NRA for your donations. I'll cut your taxes soon enough. And get to your favors for paying my way to WH.

Hey, what ya doing tomorrow? This?   @weiland_jen @everybodyzzmama @ClaudiaDAquin @lolaswolf @absolutelyenuff @AtlantaHumanist @vegayo1990
That just made my WEEK!! Great place to post it as well. We know how the fake prez likes to keep abreast of the news!! 
This is the orange stain's newsworthy bit 
This is hysterically funny in soooo many levels! 
And well-earned by President Obama. He deserves it!! Those MAGA folks must be going out of their minds!! 
Oh, oh, and check this out guys, #FuckfaceVonClownstick pontificating on leadership abilities.   #FuckYouTrump

I rather send my Donations to the @realDonaldTrump HQ than to the @RNC! The @GOP has Failed to keep their promises! #DrainTheSwamp
US bombs found at the scene of 1 of most horrific civilian massacres by Saudi fighter jets #FuneralHallMassacre
If money secured the win, then why did President Trump win when he paid 1/3 as,much money as Hillary? Loooooooool. Plus she cheated more than once
You can NYP fake news unless of course they feed your ego. Such a fake president
DUMP TRUMP #goose
I believe the RNC funds are being used for the Trump family legal fees.
Resign
That'll teach him
Will these donations be going to aid Hurricane victims in Texas, Florida and PR? @DanRather @CNN @FoxNews @SenJohnMcCain @marcorubio #flkeys
#TrumpIsAMoron

All to pay your legal bills Mr Flim Flam Man
And its paying 4 tRUmp families legal fees. 4 people who brag about being so rich u take $ from hard working  every chance u get #sociopath
wrong again resign now
The Republican party is racking up millions of dollars in unnecessary travel. Better figure out how to pay us back. We are your employers.
United States Of Chaos being led by an idiot!

Before your ignorance and arrogance kills thousands, jump off your tower.
Stand Strong.  If "Chancy" causes government shutdown, its on them. U can save$  by stopping welfare $ to illegal immigrants.  Citizens 1st!
Right on !!!
They are donating because they are delirious in thinking you will make this country great again? If will be great again when you are gone
Congrats! You still won’t come back for a second term
Whitelash* and trust me, dems are just as much to blame for the “campaign” they put together
You're racking up record amounts of debt for golf trip and being worthless! Drumpf supporters are as worthless as you are!
#FakeNews Right right Mr Fake President? ICYMI...

#MAGA #RESIGN #DraftDodgerInChief #NotFakeNews
#TakeAKnee 
#IdiotInChief
No doubt will all wander into ur back pocket u bloody crock!
How much from your pal Vlad???
We'll wait until you get his dick out of your mouth.
Because they really want to replace you...  Soon!
Why give $$$ to RINO Party?  I wouldnt give em a dime!!
Yes, we know so you can spend it on your legal defense.  Turns out Steel has a better reputation than you, Mueller's coming are you ready?
#Report Trumps tweets as #spam only way to have this #moron banned from Twitter #resist #LockTrumpUp
Aka Russian trolls!
BLUE 2018/2020 We Intelligent Moral Americans are way OVER IT!
Fake news!!!!! Except when you say it’s not fake??
Anyone who gives to the GOP should have their heads examined they spent wasted 30 Million on Strange election I will give only to candidates
#DonaldJTrumpisaMoron #DonaldJTrumpFakePatriot
Screw the Republican Party don't vote for any swamp rats replace them all
Trump just doing his job!
Take from the ignorant poor.  Sounds right up your alley.
#MuellerIsComing #RESIGN #RESISTANCE
You are a crook, period. You make Nixon look like a great man. Cant wait until you go down in flames.
Good you'll need it for your lawyer fees
Yeah, but we’re getting tired of them not backing up our President
yes keep on donating fools...lawyers fees for the moron and his family are adding up
Like the Mercers?
You are a LOSER!!!!!  Just like your father feared.
Nice; now you can pay back the cost of your Colt's game shenanigans. Oh, and the golf boondoggles.
I wouldn't call 100,00k per ticket small donors.
Trump loves the uneducated
'small money donations'..... not condescending at all.
Someone has to pay for daycare
Jokes on them! Just wait till you destroy health insurance, social security, and Medicaid.
Oh u need the money to pay lawyers for Russian collusion charges!!!!
Money going to pay legal bills. Even you can't be so deluded to think you'll be around for second term much less rest of this one.
Don't really care!
Hey, what happened to the money left over from the inauguration? PLEASE advise what happened to it.
It's all being spent on your legal fees. Don't forget -- HRC won 3 million more votes than you. And America is done with @GOP and your lies.
Draft dodger
I wonder how this connects with your immigrant wives feuding today!  The Trump trash in the WH is disgraceful for America and the world!
Where do I give?
Fake news
In your dreams
Where is your family. YOU NEED HELP ! Where is your wife-in-$$$$. Your whole family is putting the whole world in DANGER. #Irresponsible
Fleecing every constituent possible....
I know you're getting your money from Putin
#GOP is drowning in your #Collusion #Treason and #Lies. You are the anchor dragging them to their demise. Bwahahaha #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
California Sacramento Deplorable here....
Please save our State from the obviously insane moonbeam!
They will need every dime.
Hmm.. "supporters".  More like white supremacists & neocon sycophants. #Loser
a. https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/917478068335214592 …
IF SO, MAKE THE WEAK-KNEED GOP PAY UP AND DELIVER ON YOUR PROMISES!They're using your popularity to get re-elected! DRAIN THE SWAMP!
BS
https://twitter.com/hardhouz13/status/917443389225873408 …
Time to primary RINOs like Corker and McConnell, and Ryan!
Donations to the RNC with the Rinos doesn't make sense,I gave to your site but I'm broke now,
Being built pro Bono
@GOP @dccc Your going to need those $1s & $5s now that the big guys are pulling out.
People keep dying with a gun more than anywhere else in the world though, eh? That’s population control though, eh? I mean that costs money
Sounds very good!
Small dollars or big Rubles?
#FakeNews #FakePresident
If u want respect, try winning the popular vote next time
They must be cashing in those frequent flyer miles #ChampagneCabinet
What do Harvey Roger and Trump have in common?  Lots though we still have to fire Trump!
I understand U r trying very hard to play ball with GOP but we Deplorables know the party is "Trumps Deplorables". Silent Maj silent no more
Knock off overspending on travel Stop charging @SecretService fees. Stolen election will be your undoing #TrumpRussia
Have you informed them you're personally taking the $$$ for your family? Betcha THAT conveniently never came up...
Fake Tweet!!!!!!!!!!!
Dream on
Good thing given your mounting legal bills!
Mr.President. look around smell the coffee. Thete is little accomplish by your Administration how sad.
I will never give to the Rino Party
c. https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/917478068335214592 …
U R a Liar!  All of your followers are broke, or so they claim.  Always crying about no jobs, no money, so where’s the money coming from 45?
Rofl
Go pisss on your shoes #fuckingmoron
Barf
SO  !!  ?  !!
Glad they could help pay your legal fees.
#GOPtraitors #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #PutinsPuppet
small dollars from small minds
Fueled by your retarded suppprters
liar
I was protesting the NFL until you pulled your stunt with your Pence Puppet. I'm watching every game from here on, as a Trump protest.
Crooks, one and all. Shame on you!!!
Dregs?

We don't want to support republicans they are useless you would have more $ if we could support you directly
You get pissed every time you are outed for telling lies so why do you keep lying? Your entire life is a made up lie in your head.
Idea for great fund raiser. A reality show with Ivana and Melania. You could produce " The Trumpdashians." Euro trash productions!!
That's great!! What's the national debt at? Has it gone up or down since you became president? Didn't you say you wouldn't have time to golf
The GOP better get used to begging for money... 2018 is coming and it's going to be a cold, cold republican winter...
Fake news.

correction - small russian bot dollars
Donald call bibi he'll  tell's you  what to do
What do they need those small donations for when they have those yuge corporate swamp donors?
They will need it to rebuild the party that it used to be. Lately it has been churning out Rapist, molestors, abusers, cheaters and thieves.
So did Bush right before his disaster of a midterm election...
