You think you made the list bc people like you? No, made the list as the laughing stock of the #UNGA much to America's embarrassment #Resist
It’s not a compliment...it just means everyone is tweeting about the idiotic things you do! #FakePresident
Not everything they tweet about you is 'positive'.
You are number 1 because people are tweeting BAD things about you.
honey just so you  know  the tweets were not good
Yeah, and what percentage was positive vs negative? That is the real measurement. #loser
All negative tweets about you 
In order of WORSE to best
#EasyD, I don’t think you’re the top for the reason you think you’re the top.
He's the top baby! He tells it like it is & doesn't care what the world thinks of him! He loves this country and wants to protect US! #MAGA
Yep, he's the top...baby
It's so funny, as you post this your sore losing candidate is still crying and crossing the country on a blame game tour!! LOL!! 
No, you're right, he's not a baby... he's a #Dotard
In that case, what word would best describe her? Hmmm, I could think of plenty, but I'll be nice today! LOL #MAGA #winning
Let me help you out; articulate, intelligent, informed...?
Bwahahahahahaha, if that weren't so incredibly untrue, I may not find it so amusing! More like murdering, corrupt, mean, heartless, bitchy 
Oh for gods sakes @realDonaldTrump!! This is what you're tweeting about??? You have no idea how to be a humble President. It's not about u!
You're a popular man and a positive world leader!
Trump is a #FakePresident who is also an #Narcissist #egomaniac #Dotard
It doesn't mean all tweeted were positive you dope. #resign
Trump at the top of this list, just like he is at the top of people with little fingers list
Crazy always rises to the top.
 It doesn’t say the tweets were “good,” but that doesn’t matter to you. Any press is good press. Pathetic!
You are ALWAYS most tweeted about because you are ALWAYS the most bizarre. Duh!!!
@realDonaldTrump yeah it is so sad because he was the most hated and the one that made an ass of himself
This is what happens when the world knows how unqualified & unstable you are!
Never a day passes that Trump doesn't attempt to stroke his own ego. Infamy is not the same as being popular. #DotardDon #Treason #Impeach
President Donald Trump is promoting AMERICAN INTERESTS! That's why the left hates seeing him doing so well! The people are with him!
If a group of people dont agree with another group how could one group's actions or belief be America's interest?.. Thats jus inconsiderate
They are tweeting about you, ridiculing and admonishing, not supporting.
I’m sure that the world leaders have tweeted about Donald Trump quite unfavorably.
Who You Serve Is Who You Have In Your Heart. To Hate Another Person You Serve The Prince Of Darkness. GOD Is Love GOD Is Light. GOD Is Truth
Easy To Anger. Hating Another Person. You Have Allowed Darkness In Your Heart. We Will LOVE One Another As Our Heavenly Father Loves Us.
Now, you may be asking, “Why aren’t I fifty points higher on this list?”
Everyone love a #dotard short-fingered vulgarian #loserpresident #resign
What about.Nambia?
BECAUSE YOU ARE A WORLD EMBARRASSMENT!! #nationalembarrassment
Here's a chart for you.
As in "Donald Trump said what at the @UN??
I bet you had to google all of those people.
Yep they are all laughing
Pat yourself on the back ... and who cares?
The world needs to declare Trump unfit & work around him. Take him out of the UN & International decisions all together.
Angela Merkel: Leader of the Free World – Capital Finance International http://bit.ly/2uuR8Hd 
Even Americans don’t see the U.S. as leader of the free world anymore –
The ONLY things on Trump's mind is himself and his money. That's IT.
It cracks me up that Trump tweeted this.  This isn't a good think @realDonaldTrump !!
Me two. He's so funny.  Saw his name on top. Twitter yo
Me too*
You do know that being on the most tweeted about list isn't always a good thing, right?
You know that those are bots & critics?  You're a global embarrassment, #FakePresident #DotardTrump!
Trump-ever stop to think how many of those Tweets are AGAINST you? SMH
Tweeting "about" someone in no way implies they were positive tweets, take the orange POS turd in the #1 slot for instance....
Top of the list for all the wrong reasons
That isn't necessarily a good thing.
Okay, we’ll say this slowly: When people talk about you, Don, it doesn’t mean they’re saying nice things. #Resist
@XHNews @globaltimesnews @CGTNOfficial @narendramodi - donald trump has retweeted this ---
Big whoop. Number one in poking the rattlesnake. What do you think will happen now?
Have you READ why you are listed as number 1?  It's not something you should be bragging about!  But then, you never read, do you.
9 actual world leaders didn't know there was a twitter mentions game going on

So they win the 'best use of time' & 'adult in charge' awards
Wow... You're the Twitter King lol wtf smh are you really the President of the U.S. You're retweeting Twitter data...
We tweet about you so much because the stupid decisions that you make
And were they good tweets? ...No.
https://chat.whatsapp.com/CKZUCWN2sI324buu2NExEC …
All their tweets were negative.  Retweet that!
@realffbandit of course donnie rt this...#thingsthatmatter

Following the Money: We've uncovered $8 million so far in Russian money given to Trump & GOP campaigns in 2016 alone http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/investigators-follow-flow-money-trump-wealthy-donors-russian/story?id=50100024 …

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-41408798 …
#140lettersoftrump  #280lettersoftrump  
#trumpdossier #Kompromat #trumptweets #moretocome #godhelpus
You do realise that most are tweeting against you though right!?
Awww...i bet hillarys upset shes not on the list
Wonder what word was most tweeted about trump 
And the number one trending # all day has been #Dotard. This doesn't mean its been good press so what's your point?
Because the WORLD thinks you are dangerous and unqualified, as does the MAJORITY of this Country that you are in the process of destroying.
How does this compensate for your disastrous 8 months in office? SAD!!!!
Um, this is like winning the loser award in High School. They are not positive tweets.
Trump retweeted this because he doesn't realize it's because he's a disaster. 
where is the madman , rocket man ????
It is because you, Trump, are #1 
only because you are a dangerous
FREAK SHOW.
I'm guessing 90% of the tweets about trump were negative
Narendra modi
BUT are any of those tweets positive? No, everyone hates you.
This just means everyone is talking about what a fool you are.
World leaders on the edge of their seat as Trump bloviates at UN!
Why did he retweet this a) he's #1 because he's ridiculous and b) adults dont retweet stuff they think is praising themselves!
That's not a good thing!
Only because you are a joke and the world pities us. They tweet memes and jokes about how sad you are. #failure #trash #resign
Stupid. You're #1 on the list b/c you were the #1 embarrassment. The #1 supremely unqualified, unhinged & truly, the dumbest person there.
Yeah....because ur nuts!!!!!
Just like a car accident people want to know about it. And to be honest you do more damage than a car accident.
and if you like I will tell you that in person on the News
YA but most of the tweets are EXTREMELY BAD SAD. But I guess a narcissit thinks any attention is good attention. You are an embarrassment
Right...
Tags like:
#DonaldTrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
And:
#TrumpRussia 
Are always trending ! 
I guess any publicity is good publicity to you. Don't you realize that people are making fun of you?
You're ego is hella fragile huh?  Just so ya know,  I'm sure 60% of those comments were derogatory, cause NO ONE LIKES YOU
Did you READ those tweets?  Most of them were making fun of you!
Trump's approval rating may be up... but he's still MASSIVELY unpopular compared to past presidents -
You're most tweted about because you're a maniac #pleasestoptweeting #pleasestoplyingtousyouGiantAssHat
You realize it's mostly bad though... right?!?
It was all negative!  Sad!
Damn dude that's not a compliment
Tweets about Trump reflect that he is a threat to world peace and the environment - he is a clown
I guess negative attention is still attention you Twatwaffle. #PhonyPresident
Wow, you're very proud of the fact that millions of people tweeted about how how you're a malignant buffoon that's embarrassing our country.
Dude they're all chirping you, don't get too excited
??????? Are you proud of this??? Most tweeted about because mad king president.
You are the ONLY real leader I see on that list! #MAGA
Trump fails to comprehend difference between fame and notoriety. Taking the USA to new lows at UN, it is latter that puts him #1 in Twitter.
I hope Trump knows he's only up there because most people are making fun of him.
This isn't a thing to be proud of
Why the hell would you even care. It's all about popularity with you. Most of the tweets would be about what a moron trump is
Apparently bad press is better than no press
You do realize the majority of the tweets were not complimentary don’t you?? #dotard
You do realize you're #1 because of negative tweets about you. If you were doing a good job& not being investigated wouldn't be #1
@realDonaldTrump #Narcissist
They are all laughing AT you.
We were all tweeting and watching you crash and sink like this 
Because you threaten to totally destroy North Korea & mispronounced an African nation. It's because you screwed up & embarrassed yourself.
Are you serious? TRUMP retweeted how many tweets he gets? This wanna be nobody is destroying America! #impeachTrumpnow @CNN @foxandfriends
This IS NOT A GOOD THING.
THIS IS NOT A BADGE OF HONOR.
THIS DOES NOT MEAN YOU'RE DOING YOUR JOB.
THIS DOESN'T MEAN PEOPLE LIKE YOU.
dotard
N President Trumps belongs 2 USA-We R Blessed
"What is: who is that idiot tangerine spouting racist crap from 1950?"
Yes because you sounded like a fool
they tweet about you because you're an embarrassment.
However, you failed to realize that the tweets were AGAINST YOU. Another example of not caring about US. Only about YOUR EGO. #DotardTrump

In your case, this ain’t a good thing. #IdiotInChief
So?
Here, I'm tweeting about you again: #dotard @realDonaldTrump
What a #snowflake egomaniac.
You'll threaten the world with destabilization and countries with destruction if it gets you ranked #1. #loser
I don't think you can assume that being number one is a good thing.
U said ridiculous things both in ur speech & throughout the day. Ever hear the expression, No news is good news? Think on that.
Yeah, but WHAT are people tweeting about you? You know an awful lot of it is very negative, right?  Or is all publicity good publicity? SAD!
Of course your saying shits
Yes because you are an embarrassment
What is wrong with you?
Because you are an idiot that made up a country.  Not a good thing moron!!!
You know these aren't all GOOD tweets about you, right?  You know this isn't a reality show, right?  ...Right?
lol malignant narcissist - going down fast & we will CELEBRATE your impending demise with such zeal! Your name will go down in infamy!
So now it's crowd sizes on twitter?
Oops! They missed #dotarddonald. He should be at the top of the list!
You're an ego maniac
But not in a positive way!
trumpsters tweets about him are terrible and degrading, you really wanna brag about them?  He is the biggest idiot there- they all think so
#Dotard That's what everyone is tweeting  about you. Hahahahaha
Rofl, and doing this without even trying.  Too funny.

Many of us do get your sense of humor, Mr President!
Do you know the REAL reason...because you're a JOKE WORLDWIDE...best comedy material EVER!
Oh Good Lord.  If Twitter had been around in the 70's, Charles Manson would probably top the list. Just WOW! You will boast about ANYthing
Tweets about trump are mostly about his insanity & ignorance. Over 75% of Americans DID NOT VOTE FOR TRUMP. Nobody likes him. #Loser
All laughing
STOP IT!!!   People are tweeting about how ridiculous you are and how you retweet things that are sucking up to you. DO YOUR DAMN JOB!!
@realDonaldTrump how many of the tweets about Donald Douche were FAVORABLE and how many were saying what an ARSE he is???
So would the name for recent hurricanes. It doesn't mean it's "favorable". U r a complete tool kit.
If #Hitler were alive he would be top of that list! You are not top of the list because people like or admire you! You are a global joke
I don't think you understand that you were tweeted about in a negative way. But even negativity is a form of attention, isn't it. SAD
We're # 1 
HUMMM not my president,he sure doesn't know what he is saying
Being number one on the list doesn't mean it is a good thing.
You tweet this when you have placed your country & the rest of the world in a precarious & potentially dire position of war with NK
Being the most tweeted about isn't always a good thing, #DotardTrump. You said some batshit stuff, fucked up on Namibia, & faked a toast.
Yes, our POTUS IS #1. 
You know this isn't in a good way, right Donny?  #MoronInChief
You do realize that you aren't being tweeted about positively, correct?
of course you'll be #1 since you continuously tweet about yourself. narcissistic pig

Poll: Americans favor ObamaCare to GOP repeal bill by more than 20 points  http://hill.cm/RsCsaTh  
Because you are a complete joke & the world now laughs at the U.S. #MAGA is a joke. You are messing up the world even more. #ImpeachTrumpNow
That's because @realDonaldTrump is a total fanny, who is a subject of near universal mirth. "Guess what Trump's said now!"
