Only a naive misinformed Socialist thinks the Stock Market is for the rich.
I read it a few times & went back to look again. You said for the rich twice! Only Bush FatCats made money?
Big tax cuts for the 1/10 of 1%
The rest of Americans are expendable.
I just don’t get why you’re making so much progress with your presidency and you get flack about your tax returns.  There is no law saying you have to release it and many Democrats haven’t submitted theirs either!
Sir have problem like of money pls help me sir
This is the accounts number 3055645435
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; r...
How about those Carrier, Boeing and automotive jobs! Oh, wait . . . #TrumpLies
Big tax & regulation cuts drove the economy into the ditch under George W. Bush Obama created the DOW records you're now seeing, You ain't
So you want your christian church to not be able to exist?
taxing churches is the difference btw staying viable / closing. Of course those big Christian Churches should pay
you are driving the country into the ground, you will go down in history as THE worst President ever
are you going to start paying taxes?
not going anywhere dear. Long live the First Amendment.
First Amendment applies to all. Read the Constitution. You don't know my status. It's spelled Palestine.
All this tells us is your Wall Street friends are making a lot of money, not the American people. @realDonaldTrump
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax & regulation cuts coming!
Not true! My son's 401k has grown a lot since @Potus took office. My daughter's stock in Hershey's went way up.
the stock market was booming under Obama. that is nothing new with Trump.
actually under Obama the stock market was near crashing
when he inherited it, it was under 7,000. When he left just under 20,000. Hello?!?!

Obama's fake news soundbite, was derived from a lying sack
Obama created something they call 'the rust belt"; 4 Real
tax breaks? for who Donnie? Your rich friends?or shud an extra 50 bucks a week keep ur base happy??
can't wait get Congress moving!
Regulatory reform should NEITHER lead to environmental  degradation NOR advantage one group of Americans over another.
the optimism's will be even better at midterm elections. we have enough seats to start impeachment hearings
Big tax cuts for the super rich, which will explode the deficit and make the rich richer. Typical trickle-down bullshit.
Thanks Obama on DOW  No tax breaks to companies RU bringing your Mexican/China and other plants home to be made in USA
Heard it all before! Russia is coming and you can't hide from the media, truth will be laid out for all to see
congrats you are the fattest president since Taft you should be proud
really...must have been the fake news that reported a loss  yesterday..#asshat
Bring the world together and fix Fukushima.  Work with the world to stop the disaster. It's going to kill us all.
for who..,,the billionaires?
who is gonna make profits from the DOW? You and your your business administration! Making the rich richer!
Tax cuts for the rich!
Taxes cut for few.
perfect! 
Thank you Mr President.

Also Tabloids like CNN get the door but the press that rpt accurately get in. Thks again
CNNquirer
what's going to happen to that deficit you're bragging about when you cut taxes president Bannon?
good Job President Trump stop socialism dead in it's Tracks. Thank you!
#MakeAmericaHateAgain
Your driving them nuts. Great job!
This can be attributed to the great base that Obama laid!
Soros already selling naked shorts.
speaking of taxes. Where are you returns you have promised  us forever.
.@realDonaldTrump Something else is coming: "there may actually be a smoking gun that ties Trump to Moscow’s hacking"https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/feb/25/trump-russia-fbi-white-house-priebus?CMP=twt_gu …
such Bullshit that's why your fake news. We all know there's no ties to Russia friends would b nice

thank you
he has not done anything.  Thank you to President Obama
I am sorry you wont see the difference between policy effects and production by enthusiasm
?
yay, give CEOS and corporations more wealth and fuck the little guys!  Wooo!!!
yeah more capitalism will bring capitalism to fail and fall, I'll love  that, do it "Potus" dig your own grave, great 
BIG DEAL!!! Where are ALL THE JOBS you promised the people who voted for you? The DOW doesn't create jobs #dumbdonald!!
Tax cuts for the rich maybe
You do realize that the improvements Carrier is making will be robotics so they can lay people off. They win, you lose.
Stay the course Mr. President! You've given Americans hope that things are getting better and safer by the day!!!
You inherited Obama's economic success. Stop trying to take credit for his legacy. @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/835481237879926784 …
only a libtard would think doubling the national debt is economic success LOL
you are alking to people who have a website so they can PRETEND HRC won
care to comment on this, MR PRESIDENT?? (other than "I say it's bad") 2 Indian men shot in Kansas https://nyti.ms/2lCnzzi 
No proof of hate crime. What if black killer? Does Trump have to comment on every murder in US?

#FakeNews
 He loves the USA so much he put Rex Tillerson as SOS and restarted the DAPL, and Keystone.
.@realDonaldTrump Thanks to Obama's tireless work!
He didn't take tons of vacations HIS first month. Thank you Barack!
Obama was on vacation for 8 years!
Where exactly do you plan to magically make all these jobs appear from? Gonna pull 'em out of you big orange arse?
You're deluded if you think you're going to get people back to work & increase jobs. You're all talk and no end product.
Plus, we all know what a great job President Obama did; he got millions back to work. You'll never even come close to him.
Forever in President Obama's shadow. Good you've those awful orange spray tans, because Barack's keeping you in the shade.
.@realDonaldTrump Oh, here's the level of deplorability your supporters stoop to. Note how he censors swear words while making death threats
So one Trump supporter represents us all?  Makes total sense.  No logical fallacies here
Oh no, my friend, there are plenty of them that do this. Dozens and dozens, in fact. I'd say a majority of you are deranged.
#TheResistance #saturdaymorning
#TheResistance #saturdaymorning
#TheResistance #saturdaymorning
#TheResistance #saturdaymorning
#TheResistance #saturdaymorning
#TheResistance #saturdaymorning
#TheResistance #saturdaymorning
Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States. 
Jesus, take the wheel. #TheResistance #saturdaymorning
Please know how wonderful it is to have a President that gives his all for America,and the people! We love you Mr. President!
#AmericaFirst
Give me a call, want to work for you @realDonaldTrump

more lies! V
Stocks are a Rigged System...Real Jobs and Companies manipulated by CEO's  are created by Working Class Blue Collars
keep up the good work!  Most Americans support you, and I'm not talking about the city dweller, rioting, fake news people
you all wonder what is wrong with this country well look in the mirror. Trump will show you all what he's made of goodness
Dow was making records in 1929 too.
exactly my thoughts, the bubble burst will be fun
WOW
Wishing America to fail
no more like wishin Amrica realize what a mess they created voting for that fraud of a president
He's been in office less then 2 MONTHS. The MESS is OBAMA'S
the mess hasn't starterd yet... put on your seatbelts, you're in for a wild ride
AGAIN!!!   YOU are Wishing  America harm!!
and just to be clear I wish no one harm, ever, but I'm sad that your president is a fraud
2 men killed in Kansas because of their race and you say nothing about it. No terrorist attack? Ban on white supremacists?
how about the regs that make no sense a n
crash is coming and your removing safeguards will make it far worse
bring the jobs, build the wall, kick out illegals and take care of the Vets and it will be 8 years
shut down work visas so I can work again.  H1B visas are a scam and corrupt and useless for Americans
Yay! More tax cuts for rich pigs like you!
@1FilchFelonious JUST WAIT FOR IT...WAIT FOR IT...BOOM! DEMS OUT OF A PLATFORM!! 
great Donald. My company #Geosolery LTD. need a private free trade zone in Champlain New York at the borderline to Canada.
PLEASE CHANGE THE WORK WEEK -FULL TIME HOURS BACK TO 40. Currently Full time is 30. Help business & employees, please!  TY
None of ur doing... Economy is good because of President Obama
Oh boy, tax cuts for the rich! More trickle down!
How?Where?When?
thanks!!!
has to stop...and I COMPLETELY UNDERSTAND why you took some press passes. These are lies. Some of this is outright sedition
#illegitimatePresident 
this all tells me that I'm going to scream to the top of my voice 2018 go Blue maybe before I retire will change it back
#sell all your #stocks!!! Trump would have you #invest in enron!
@pokerman11 show us your taxes
WV is increasing taxes, we are broke :(
The current way seems to be working. Let's blow it the F up.
All thanks to President Obama! No thanks to you #PresOompaLoompa
Thank you @BarackObama for making this country better. He made that happen. Not you Mr. Trump. #notmypresident
You go Donald! Why you alone are responsible for the newly invigorated careers of countless numbers of comedy writers.
Trickle gown economics have been proven over and over not to work. Fair tax on wealthy & increase minimum wage, adds jobs
You REALLY think you contributed to this?
Thank you for Bring hope and optimism back to America!!!!  Keep those Tweets coming!!!!!
Fake news.
You Go Buddy Boy
. Hire me. I can help America
When are you going to become a real President?
Great work! Forget the people who are against you! Move forward with your plans for America!!
Boeing is laying off 1800 workers.  Way to go trump.  Creating yuuuge unemployment.
You've turned out to be nothing but a #corrupt #wallstreet #bubble pumper Total Disappointment. Should've kept being honest
stop blowing hot air about the cannabis market look at the dough and jobs involved no brainer dumbo
don't give AT&T more power. Slow the power grab, we need more competition not less.
yes @potus44 left u a rising economy.. take advantage of the tide.. dont let this opportunity of uniting country pass u
the rich get richer. Oh yay.
No optimism here. We need healthcare reform in a hurry!
please help this stupid health care 6thousand in debt to keep from going blind and a regular physical cost me more
Except for that additional tax that will be levied to build the wall.  Won't be much of a tax cut.
spoken like a true salesman
so the rich can get richer while the poor get poorer, okay.
fake news
big tax cuts for the rich.For the people by the people, no option.
but at the cost of clean water, clean air, education...need I go on?!
All cause of Obama! No surprise you're taking credit! Of all the lack of class you have shown this is nothing!
Markets don't lie! They love TRUMP! 
.@realDonaldTrump thanks Obama
promises, promises, promises! When it does not happen, of course it will be Obama's fault; always is.
why can't we leave Obamacare and give people a choice your new plan  or OC let people see which is better and cheaper
and a big thank you for allowing it to rain and for crops to grow oh great one!
Congratulations @BarackObama for doing such a wonderful job. I'm so sorry that this moron is going to mess it all up.
ask the average back bone American what the stocks mean to them..raise the minimum for everyone 15hr that's a start 
industry companies will be very happy happy such a impact on economy 4 main Jobs & Dems want to dismantle them..
make ur rich buddies richer, huh. Make the 1% great again.
What abt the West VA coal miner's health care? What R U going 2 do about it? Do something 4 them
They voted for him, so they get Trump's health care. Too bad, so sad.
so mAny more people who didn't vote 4 #45 also get lumpt in2 this mess.this is enen sadder
And they will suffer too. It sucks.

....SO BE QUIET!!!

#alternativefact #fakenews. #proveit #LIAR
@TeamTrump remember unemployment rate is all Obama' come up w something real not just cheap talk!
To help your billionaire mates,not the little people who voted for you
Please address the legality of taxing a person's wages ... Trading time & labor for $$$ ... In trade there is no profit!
President Trump keep up the great pace.  The nay sayers will have no choice, but to praise your accomplishments. Converts?
keep taking credit for Obama's work. When the effect of your presidency kicks in, we'll all laugh at you.
Thank  you Mr. President.  Keep up the great work. God bless you.
Contiously screwing Us Americans over too! Great JOB! Sociopath Narcissistic too. You love taking from the poor Greedyass!
thanks @POTUS44 for fixing our tanking economy.
the tourist industry is losing jobs bigly, repercussions of your Muslim ban.
great let's pay for public services with debt
how, this year alone Lowes has let go of 1,000 of employees, and it recently announced another 2400  employees to be let go
my friend told me his 401k made 100k since you were elected #lookinggood
great!
.@realDonaldTrump U.S. exporters need a stronger @EximBankUS to compete against foreign manufacturers!!! .@Exporters4ExIm .@NSBAAdvocate
don't take credit . The Stock market has had a positive climb during the Obama years. It has remained positive.
#BUBBLE will pop eventually and all that $$ will go down the drain.
and followed by job cuts to boost C-level bonuses
don't  mess with SS or retirement plans...many Americans depend on them!
thanks obama!!
so creating a bubble so you can profit from it bursting? Sounds presidential to me (note the obvious sarcasm)
Awesome :-)!
A+ JOB!
& smart not 2 go 2 WCD, Also raises $ for future journalists!
VETS better.
Pls pushNatl Service/WIN/WIN
it's amazing how many haters there are goodness starts within some people need to find the goodness within themselves
if u focus on these issues & leave the social issues u will be greatly lauded
round up all of the black people and send them away!!  Their parents are actually telling them this.  NBC...A COMPANY YOU

cant wait. Been taxed too long. I would like some of my hard earned dollars back!!
Obama.
your Excellency we love you for your innovativeness
did u write  this  down  in crayons. U didn't  drain the swap.  Wall Street us  on Pennsylvania  Avenue mr smarty  pants
rather fight automation why don't we embrace it and start job training in high schools on robot design, repair& support.
Trump's job approval stands at 44 percent, a record low for a new president: NBC News/WSJ poll
Νow down to 35.  How low can you go
Generate a new Address through Vatican city for christian country united in doings.my view.this is must.j.k.
@Trump4Hope so nice ,thank you
#WhoWIns with your so-called policies? Certainly not the average American. #Fraud45 #NotMyPresident #LeaderForTheRich
THEN PLZ 1st close the Call Center of FAREPORTAL IN INDIA TO GET JOBS BACK...
wit for it, it's coming...the correction
So you made it run some 12000 points in the last 8 yrs I say not this is because of Obama anything after 1st Qt. will b onu
you haven't created one REAL job yet, and you never will. people KNOW this.
Keep it coming!  Dow 25000 is on the horizon!
