This guy talks about taxes, but doesn't declare his own. Sad!
These comments make me feel we are moving backwards instead of forward. Its like bringing back the coal mining industry instead of transitioning those workers into a more environmental friendly industry.
Amazon is not doing anything illegal by offering an online catalogue of goods. If you don’t like it, go to the mall.
I DID NOT UNDERSTAND WHY WHOLE AMERICA GOVERNMENT SILENT THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT FOR SOCIETY EVERY STATE IS STARTING SUFFERING I BELIEVE MR TRUMP ONLY LOVES RICHEST WANTS PROMOTED THERE BUSINESS 2nd 3rd class GOTO HELL HE BELIEVES HE IS WORKING HARD FOR A NEW 4TH CLASS
If you tax Amazon who do you think will end up paying those taxes? The consumer.
This is the only time I have disagreed with my favorite President...I respectfully ask for data that proves his statements about AMAZON V/S USPS.
We are all being told the postal service retirement package is supposed to be a large contributor to the woes of USPS...
Keep the government out of businesses! Amazon is not a monopoly!
Maybe local companies can deliver and advertise through free papers.
Trump please stop them.
Mexico should just buy twitter and ended this nightmare for all of us.
I thought the whole conservative thing was about less government involvement.  How is he able to make these comments without any blowback from the @GOP? Are they afraid of him?  Let's not get distracted from what he'd like us to forget, though. #GunControlNow #NRABloodMoney
Weird guy, this little trump. Are many jobs being lost or is the country at historic unemployment lows? Which is it?
I will make this suggestion, that the mom and pop shops begin their venture into the tech industry and you ask Amazon to then help them with this free of charge for the first two years as a favour to promote small business. Stocks go up everyone wins.
Look at the stock market. Not just Amazon but all tech is going down, people everywhere are losing jobs. Tech is the future and if we don't invest in it then those mom and pop shops won't have customers because people will be out of work. Your best option is to reinstate tech.
Hey Spanky - if you cared about small businesses - how come you stiffed them regularly and especially in your six bankruptcies? Also on the taxes front - how about your taxes comrade?
Retailers are closing because of mismanagement and their greedy CEOs. As an example, Why can you order a craftsman part on Amazon for 1/2 the price of Sears?
Free market Mr. Pesident...either they be competitive or fall by the wayside..We don't need Gov't messing in the market..that's HOW this whole mess started..other than that Great job!!..& Thanks for the tax cuts..
Y los trenes eléctricos están dañando a la industria del carbón.
Yet all your stuff is made in factories across the ocean and in Mexico and BTW your suits look cheap. I pay sales tax on Amazon and also on my prime membership ..
Don't knock Amazon I am disabled and it is a great service 100 purchases last year delivered  next day yeh it is great.  
TOYS R US GOING OUT OF BUSINESS BECAUSE AMAZON DONALD J TRUMP IS RIGHT SOME NEED BE DONE
Amazon is a marketplace NOT a retailer. Small businesses can sell on Amazon, to a wider consumer base than what they would have with their brick and mortar stores. 

Amazon pays local taxes but HARDLY ANY FEDERAL TAXES thanks to republican tax law. 

USPS profits from Amazon.
Wow, what a gift to the Democratic Congressional Candidates. Amazon will likely respond and a Democratic Congress will certainly #ImpeachTrump . Many hope #Mueller is racking up State Criminal Charges in regards to alleged Russian Mafia Money Laundering which are not Pardonable
D.T
You have the audacity to talk about Amazon and sales tax etc...
Where are your return taxes for America to see? Let us guess still being Audited.
No way!
you are so old..r u aware that people who cannot get to so called stores ,now can have things delivered..its called progress
Progres at any cost?
love amazon..love shopping online..its easy,fast an we wont all look alike as the old stores try to make us.not everyone can travel to see new things.cont
Amazon drives cost down which is positive for consumer but the retailer has to lower margin, cover Amazon free shipping and marketing to the point they can’t stay in business.  It is killing the small business who is trying to compete.
You are so right about Amazon @POTUS !!! They sell mostly crappy Chinese quality stuff at really high prices as they continue to control the market. Break them up!! #DumpThisStock 
Oh, like Walmart hasn't done waaaaay worse, #PresiDumbass??? #WhatAboutWalmart?
Time you stopped lying
You cant beat the prices on Amazon, but as a small business they are slowly eliminating competition. Its scary the thought your gonna get everything from Amazon. Look at what they just did to Whole Foods, all legal. They are worse than Starbucks business ethics.
You do not listen the statement above is 100% wrong. Get real, you are really dumb and don't listen.
Can't you just choke on your hamburger and leave this world ?
let us make America what it once was ... A barren wasteland devoid of life
Jobs lost? 6000+ jobs in a 1 million sq/ft facility! Jobs lost? #WhereTheyAtDoe
Ivanka Trump and her hypocritic daddy.
Then why am I looking at an Amazon drop down list that says Ivanka Trump: clothing, dresses for women, perfume, dress, pants, pumps, heels, and handbags ? Maybe Amazon is the only place to buy her s**hole merchandise.
The only damage being done to this country is you!
Just another jealous Jelly Bean over another more truthful and far more brilliant successful man, you don't see him asking for handouts from foreign countries for his personal financial failures.
Yes! Thank you! Wow! Something on which I agree with you! This is a great day!
What about EBAY and Ticketmaster? Ticketmaster allows scalpers to use its
website to sell $100 tickets for thousands of dollars. Who pays taxes on those profits? Nobody!
Liar in chief
Lol, and what about the jobs lost while U.S. companies send jobs to China for cheap labor.  You know, like some of yours.  Oh, and speaking of taxes, let's see yours.  Nice try though.  Keep the humor coming.
Amazon has done more to help save Americans money. When was the last time you paid taxes and how has any of your businesses helped any Americans? How much is a membership to your golf courses??
Amazon helps all classes!
B
Healthcare could bankrupt a lot ppl☆
Mr President, Better pricing, shows all.
 Helps handicapped & others.
 without it I would have a tough time ☆
Matt!!!!!!
Pay YOUR taxes, little Donnie.
Good thing you had Jeff Bezos on your staff (until he quit). Even better that you gave him a YOOGE tax break, huh? You colossal nincompoop.
Trump, you need to resign. It is against the law to use the presidency to attack private businesses to make them lose money.
I thought that made them smart? Or is that only when YOU don't pay your fair share of taxes?
All this from a president who does not pay taxes.
I have a better idea why don't we all stop paying taxes and we bankrupt the IRS.
I don't see company's as the problem.,  the problem is the IRS that wants to take a dollar from 15 cents to give it to the rich and themselves,  we take all the risk and the IRS sits back and take your profits whose the real threat to democracy?
Abolish the IRS 2018
America will Never Ever be Great Again until the IRS is abolished,  did you forget already when the IRS targeted conservatives and the tea party during obamas elections?
Your the strangest President are you ok? Weren't you the same guy that said your a genius for not having to pay taxes because of loop holes. Your one to talk about taxes. REPUBLICANS want to increase state sales tax on stuff like stream content like music movies, taxing the cloud
Wow! You are mad about Amazon business are better than your business! And hypocrite you just cut big tax! Smh!
So you're against the free market then huh?
agree 100%, i lost my brick & mortar because of amazon, why ? because amazon never needs to make profits, they are net loss every year.. they can sell at my cost & still survive selling stocks.

Amazon shares fall, wiping more than $30 billion off its market value, after report Trump wants to curb its power https://reut.rs/2GgMoOL  by @jeffmason1 @steveholland1 $AMZN 
In recent months I've scene more listing of Amazon jobs on employment sites then I've seen of any other company.
Yo Dawg u a Damn Relic with ur pass'e ideas on how to conduct business..#GTFO of the office!
Umm that's not true, they collect state tax from certain states, also they generate jobs. Plus, low income people can be on Amazon prime at a lower price. The people you are constantly overlook!!! But we , middle class and the poor will pay for the 1%tax break u gave to the rich
Not to  mention now the IRS wants to target cryptocurrency they are stealing all the profits.  Abolish the IRS
Hypocrite!!!!!!
You are my natural enemy but I agree with you on this, sorry Dr EVIL
If you wanna help your b&m's tell them to stop trying to robb people. You'll never draw business in no matter how slick you are. For the simple fact people shop smart. You do that when your poor. Leave the bottom man alone, will solve nothing.Raise It!Idc tbh
 Of course I knew this would be an issue one day, I LOVE greed. Lets raise taxes online because the people are smarter than the stupid business that are trying to sell products with 50% mark ups. Wow o wowie
So your answer is to defend the richest man on the planet who is contracted to the CIA and is sole provider to U.S. military. No wonder liberals are referred to as snowflakes.
You meant to say Walmart not Amazon right?  Walmart puts all of the small local business owners out of business right?  Amazon has been helping the lowly sole proprietor sell goods and publish e-books on their site.  I paid taxes on my last purchase through Amazon a day or so ago
Shows how little you pay attention to reality. Jeff Bezos just contracted to be the sole provider to the U.S. military and is contracted to the CIA. This means promoting perpetual war economy.
GOD, LEARN YOUR FACTS, President Spanky. Amazon ALREADY collects sales tax at buyer state rates. Duh! Amazon employs 500,000+ jobs. Retailers losing not due to Amazon but failing to compete on their advantage - in store experience and service - vs cost. @washingtonpost  @business
Wow, what a hypocrite!! It is obvious that you are pulling this crap for obvious partisan reasons. Ur old dog, Steve Banon, repeatedly attacked Amazon and Bezosfor owning the Washington Post. Nice try!!
Many retirees like me have finally made money with Amazon since Obummer took interest away and forced us to gamble in order to live in retirement!  #Amazon
Where are your tax returns Donald? How many cities are being hurt because you don't pay any taxes? Am I wrong? Then prove it! SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS!
Jeff Bezos just contracted to be the sole provider of merchandise for the U.S. military and you,re worried about Trump. Simple solutions for simple minds.
