3 Years, 6 Months, 12 Days, 19 Hours, 3 Minutes, and 6 Seconds
@DaysLeft4Trump more reasons to reelect President Trump! Keep up the great work! #MAGA
"illegal"
It's what we want from our leaders, unfortunately you are the only leader with integrity and backbone. Your tweets brought down @CNN @MSNBC
Psalm 3:8
Salvation belongs to the #Lord. Your #blessing is upon Your #people. #Selah
I truly enjoy your tweets! Keep up the good word!
Go trump This Clowns have nothing on you. I think you broke there brains from your victory .
"Trump successfully reads from Teleprompter" should be the headline...Still a buffoon, always will be.
Remember last time you gave a “defining” speech & everything went immediately downhill afterward?
You didn’t allow cameras in the room for your meeting with Putin, but the sketch artist drew this still
Thank you Vlad for being so accommodating to our president who forgot to book his hotel room!

You Are Welcome POTUS!
Ok... I think I'm getting this!
Good articles = Real news
Bad articles = Fake news
Make America great again 

Restoring American Greatness Is Not An Easy Job. Thankful We Have A Hard-Working, Common Sense Businessman To Get The Job Done Right!! 
Hell of an idea!
How many times did you say fake news during the speech?
Speech was very poor, seen much better!
Seen much better? What do you know???!!haha
Know a lot of things, Gloria
Best president ever!  Love Donald  Trump!
The longer you're in office, the more we see your dementia & your crimes. Resign Putin's puppet. #25thAmendmentNow
@realDonaldTrump is #DEAD wrong when he says @BarackObama  did nothing abt #hacking He sanctioned them same day of "Trump Grab" #TrumpPutin
OBAMA was a total embarrassment He let other countries treat him&our military likeI was a 45yr Dem voter OBAMA 2Xs. Never again
Define "Covfefe" please.

That was funny as..... I don't know it was just funny 
Where is the proof you warned and spoke to Putin about hacking election. There is none. You word is no good. @realDonaldTrump
Nothing about you is defining.
Editorial. That means it's someone's opinion. Absolutely worthless. #25thAmmendmentNow
Donald Trump is a buffoonish coward who belongs in prison
#PutinsPuppet
#G20Summit 
#25thAmendmentNow 
@VP @Reince45 @jeffsessions @GOP
Defining speech.

It was never revealed what it defined. 

#TrumpPutin #resist
Media companies who ban freedom of speech should lose there tax exempt status and government grants.
This was a speech to the world that the United States is back!!! after eight years of Obama we looked weak and were taken advatage of.
You are an internet Troll with no respect for women, your fellow Americans, the constitution, allies or security services. That defines you
How was your date with Putin?  Fingers crossed you didn't get us killed. 
Another handshake fail.  Do you ever grow tired of being the punchline? 
This is the same newspaper exposing your Russian ties btw
No evidence, btw
WSJ is owned by Rupert Murdoch, who owns Fox News. No shocker someone at this conservative of an outlet praised the speech.
“Trump’s Defining Love Pat” 

Would be a more accurate description of the President's G-20 trip.
This Angela Merkel expression is how most of us reacted to Trump's performance overseas.
Jealous much, Adam Worst? 
Yes, Adam wishes he had a bad tan and a terrible hair piece and the lowest approval ratings since #Nixon ... who doesn't?
Please explain why you're taking Putin's word over the entire intelligence community's...
Do you keep anything else in your suitcase?



Is it any wonder these verified nobodys don't work when they can't even make the effort to formulate a sentence? Sad!
Speaking of the DNC server, even Mueller is being withheld access...! 'Russia' investigation is a TOTAL DISTRACTION
Speaking if "Fake News". Thought u all were masters at spotting it by now.
Unemployment rate went up ding-dong.
@rose10052 @Daisy49103 @courtchauncey @4ever2runval96 @SLadreda @PGutierrez630 @vadpradub @busylizzie48 @american_rebel7 @Rita39424114 
Best damn speech you've ever given!
The people of Poland loved it!
CNN probably hated it but screw them.
The brilliant mind behind Trump's fantastic speech in Poland
Brilliant? He's a disgusting white supremacist. He, president Bannon, & Heir Gorka should get thrown out with the rest of the WH trash.
US helicopters flying to ISIS TERRITORY in #Hawija, #Iraq to evacuate ISIS terrorists & commanders
#G20Summit #BRICS
Nardeep, Trump's policies in Syria are unclear. If posting old footage it would be helpful for you to indicate that. https://twitter.com/_5tev3/status/884119723981623296 …
Apparently,  the first vid is ONLY 3 days old - so not old footage at all!
The convoy video is probably 2013 or 2014 
This is when Syria was invaded by terrorists from 5 corners 
Iraq Israel Jordan Turkey Lebanon
Ok the helicopters are current, so that's on Trump! 

http://www.nrttv.com/EN/Details.aspx?Jimare=15312 …

US Chinook landed in ISIS territory for about an hour.
The similarities..
Have you read this article: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/532866/ … 

It's scary.
I love how people actually read and believe what the Atlantic has to say.. they sounds dumber by the day.. can't take snowflakes serious 
I'm not trying to impress anyone there snowflake... I just don't care to go over what I wrote to make sure everything is perfect..
President Trump you make me proud to be an American again!  Finally we have a president in office who gets the job done!
President Trump you ROCK!  Thank you so much for my tax breaks and my increase in my paycheck.  I have supported you from day one and am very impressed with how you are making America great again!  Keep up the fantastic job!! Your number one fan!!!! Carhy Carrico
You realize that they bussed in a paid audience for this "defining" speech. Right?
those people wanted to be there and were not paid . Soros paid but you don't seem to have a problem with bussing in people for hatred.

Dear Heavenly Father & Impeachment Jesus : AMEN!!! Check this Prayer Out. ‍ 
That’s great!

God has this....Thank You President Trump !!!!!
Thank you! “Trump’s Defining Speech” WSJ Editorial: http://45.wh.gov/gSYLnz  ...
Trump Defined: Enemy of Democracy
So so SAD! The G20 proves it. Because of Donald Trump, the world no longer looks to America for leadership
MY PRESIDENT #FlashbackFriday #USA #MAGA #Trump #News #covfefe #FridayFeeling #WorldChocolateDay #WhatsProLifeAbout  not killing lives
Sorna  f. Disimulo y bellaquería con que se hace o se dice algo con alguna tardanza voluntaria. Tono burlón con que se expresa ironía
Until you got confused while wandering off.
How come no one flags this up? He's clearly not in a mental state to run the country and make Americans proud. We hang our head in shame
I personally think he suffers from syphilis and it's reached his brain. Must not forget his personal war he fought in the 70s. Shameful &SAD
This what the left has become.  Saying that the president has SYPHILIS.  You think you're going to win in 2020?  Hilarious.
Yeah the left consists of such vicious people. Wait a minute......
You abhor bigotry & racism? Puuhahaaa!!  Yeah right!
You were amazing @POTUS! 
You made 64M Americans 
So proud we voted for you! #MAGA 
#TrumpInPoland  
That speech was disgusting - just like Trump
@realDonaldTrump what did the left want you to do? Jump on Putin, hold a gun to his head & demand he say he tried to meddle?
written by Steve Bannon or someone else? Trump, Can barely get out a sentence. Not possible!!
Know you're an insecure loser when U have to retweet news about U, but only do so when positive. Read the article, not so positive, though!
Toot toot!
You cont to fail in your ACT of caring about democracy. Now July, you still fail to take on duties responsibilities of the office you occupy
WSJ stands for Wall Street Journal. Follow the link and it's White House garbage. Talk about fake news!
Oh did that one "define" you again as presidential? How often do you  have to be defined as presidential B4 it happens? With you—Never—Sorry


What Trump did yesterday was make EXPLICIT a quid pro quo with Putin: if you hack us only the way I want you to, I'll end sanctions on you. 
Thanks for standing up 4 the values that made America great in the 1st place-and thanks 4 wanting to restore them

You define abuser, narcissism, greed, racism, and hate.
All of the speeches read directly from a teleprompter have been inspirational - unlike the frightening tweets from inside your brain!


President Trump;  please help your friend Scalise; he must leave that hospital. His life is in danger.That hospital is not reliable.
You thanking the media, 
 Fake thanks
We thank you very much
U are a embarrassment to America.Soon America will find out how your family has used wh for profit.It will come out!
Thank You Honorable #PresidentTrump  for representing #AmericaFirst  #interests
Isn't that Fake News?
Your "defining" speech defines you as a fucking half wit.  Enjoy!
You don't narf talk a load of bollocks!
Lmao!  Who wrote that dill weed?
Wow did he stay on script for once and squeeze out a little clapping. That's your defining moment in 6 months. Sad
You didn't read past the headline, did you?
Mr Putin's American President, TRUMP
"Confused, bewildered man seen wandering around #G20Summit "
In other news, Angela Merkel determined to be de-facto Leader of the Free World
You need validation, like a child.
I like how you continue to disparages organizations & government agency in the US, while in other countries. #TreasonousTrump ?
Oh @realDonaldTrump you have been defined alright! But this speech is not a defining moment for you.

your Warsaw Speech was very Churchillian. Excellent
Trump Campaign’s Inner Circle Met With Kremlin-Linked Lawyer
Because there's no defining legislation so far.
The frustrated Jules is bitter; poor man

Bring your Poland speech to prime time American people much like Ronald Reagan explained directly to everyone why it is needed for freedom.
your speech concluded with........I'm lost and I don't know what's going on.  If you can't lead yourself, how can you lead a nation?
Took you this long
take away that prompter and you are lost like a child. Actually my child can talk without repeating the same word 3 times
A speech that paints you as an anti Semite is not one you should be proud to call "Defining". 

https://thinkprogress.org/amp/p/4e8742987a96 …
How come this isn't fake news, you are always calling them fake!
#TraitorTrump #TraitorInChief
Great speech!
This is #FakeNews

Defining???? Hell, he could not even find his way off the stage, kind of like walking right by his limo, hahahahaha
Fake news. Fake Preznit.
Get out of office now. @rextillerson @PressSec #congress @VP @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr     @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner
That was an editorial...opinion. And it wasn't complimentary.
That someone else likely wrote since you can't read and have no idea how to form complete sentences in real time 
#idiotInChief
Great speech mr president don't mind these mindless libtards
Finally! You can actually legitimately boast of being number 1! Top of the list as lowest popularity of any pres. In 1st 6 months! Fitting!
Defining what is the question. Ha ha ha
Great speech. President Trump, you were on fire. Brilliant!
This is by far your BEST speech ... It was AWESOME... TY Mr President...Frenchy D
Thank you sir!
I thought they were fake news?
Yes very defining. Sounded like pure self-centered, tyrannical propaganda. All about "the west"...not at all divisive or anything... 
At our core we are HUMANS. It is not about us versus anyone. Coming together as a species is not something to shame.
Forget all of your naysayers you let somebody have access to the internet and there immediately an expert on everything that you do wrong
we are so proud of you President Trump! Thank you so much! America is so lucky you choose to serve as our President!

Trump voter-fraud panel’s data request a gold mine for Putin's hackers, experts warn - POLITICO
This is my President 

#PresidentTrump is AWESOME!! Best @POTUS in US history in SPITE of the constant #FakeNews & @DNC lies!! @PressSec @SarahHuckabee @OANN #MAGA
I wonder who wrote it.  @WSJ
#fightfakenews
Fascist speech, who wrote it, President Bannon?
Repubs been working on this wild ill mannered child of deceit. He didn't write that speech and he practiced alot. Anyone can mimick.

It defined you, as a wanabe dictator who fears the Free Press.
Resign now, save your brand and your con-panies before it's ALL TOXIC AND WORTH NOTHING! It's all getting worse for you back home! Quit!

Defining dictatorship, authoritarian, anti First Amendment rights, hatred of everyone but the rich, spy for Russia, unamerican
@frankie_elgin we cannot express how grateful we are to you POTUS they compare you to Reagan and others but you are unique
To be miserable. Happy trails to you.
This was "defining" was it? Bar must be set pretty low. God help us get through this period of idiots' fantasy
It was not meant as praise. I know it didn't have a whole of pictures. Maybe Ivanka can read it t you and explain the big words.
Defining, my eyeballs! He can barely read let alone write a speech.
It was a petty speech!  Just had to bring yourself into it didn't you!  Yes Donny 2 Scoops it's all about you.  Stroke your fucking ego!
wish you could be King of the Poles or Holy Western Emperor & lead an army of red-cross White Knights to victory against the infidel hordes
(maybe even change the name of Istanbul back to Constantinople, lol, with the help of the Russians)
#thepresidencyisjust1bigegotrip4u
Sir U &Modi proved one thing 2
 world that a person who has determined 2 keep his Nation first r bound 2 succeed even if Media peddle lies .
I thought the one about grabbing pussy of unsuspecting women was more defining...
This Warsaw scorched Earth speech, says nothing about USA greatness, if anything it was the opposite. You're an insane person! #25Amendment
Breath taking speech Your A Great POTUS !
By "defining" u must mean "defines trump reading a script written by  fat delusional alcoholic that wants to destroy USA" #25thThe45th
i so love my President and vice President they are doing so much good for our Country and it's people THANK'S TO BOTH OF YOU JERRY
Great speech! I could see the blood stained path crossing the street. Great history lesson on a Great country about a Great people. Thanks.
You are a joke to most of the world. You and your minions just can't see it

#25thAmendmentNow
Incredible outstanding speech, the World knows we.are back in full force.  Keep it going tweet all you want FEITA all of em
Fake
Pat urself on the back for reading some 1 else's words #Loser #Hypocrite. Ur such an embarrassment 2 this country.U r what we strive not 2 b
White supremacist bullshit.  And that DOES define you!  Resign, Donald
Wait a second, I thought @WSJ & other #media outlets were #fakenews. Oh, I see, they said positive things about you, so they're OK now. #WSJ


Now that is what a American Politician should sound like!  Thank God for our President Trump!  He is Making America Great Again & Respected
I could watch this over and over

Excellent analysis here about how Trump's refusal to staff the State Dept has already shifted more power to him

 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-40534572 …
It was a train wreck. There is nothing elegant about his speeches...more like WTF moments. Other nations are mocking us...

Fake news.

Booooooooooooooo......

Hope to see you go sooner than your term. Until then, a fresh new hell everyday! #thanksdrumpf
Thank you for putting the US on the fast track to becoming obsolete. You have given China & Russia the world.

You're hilarious...you ACTUALLY BELIEVE the small amount of good press you get (from sycophants and yes men..)
Oh, and that’s not considered fake news of course. Interesting.
Nailed it.
.
Remember the Poles when they stormed the beaches of Normandy with the Allies on D-Day
anything Good that comes out of your mouth was written by someone else.
Such a strong leader. We are back!!!!
Dziękuję Panie Prezydencie Fantastyczne przemówienie.
Don't celebrate yet. I looked up that definition. The entry reads: "See Stephen Bannon."
Is this the one where you "forgot" how to walk off the stage Donny?
