Signing executive orders is not the same as passing bills through congress. Please grow up.
You are so far away from the message of Jesus!
All you have done is lie to the american people.  This is despicable & reprehensible behavior I would punish my children for. Bad example!
Good job.  Clean the swamp.
Why would they support bills that remove protections to the environment and American people? That's why we elected them to protect us.
Alright schun
Liar in Chief.
I really don't think you did that by yourself! But it is your job!
I love have a left constantly points the finger at trump when we have seen no solutions from the left! Clear example  - Schumers tweets! 
Thank You President Trump.  We the People love our President Donald Trump
Can't wait to see #Trumpsters turn on him when they no longer can get quality Pt care! 2018 will be so much Winning!
In a swamp like DC this could lead to never-ending recusals...everyone is in someone's pocket!
You mean you 've gotten rid of democratic processes. You're fucking Autocrat
Oh shut up dork
No, you signed Executive Orders for show
But what's law?
@dcexaminer @MSNBC
EOs are not legislation.
Hey racist, how's that wall going? How badly is your healthcare plan going to fail? How long until you get arrested for treason?
You're a massive fraud. You're America's gravest national security threat. Must be removed from office and put in prison.
During Obama's first few weeks in office, he signed the $787 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act,1/
extended federal funding for children's health insurance,  authorized millions of acres of new public wilderness areas, 2/
Both of which cost taxpayers billions
GOP needs to get behind and start pushing your campaign promises through congress regardless of Dems stalling tactics
This is so pathetic. It's as if you are demanding praise for doing absolutely nothing (other than golf and tweet). Embarrassing.
Looks like the jobs you saved are going down the tubes. Carrier to layoff 600 people and still moving to Mexico. #failedyetagain
thats insanely easy when you have the three branches. I took a breath today with out the help of the Dems today!!! look at me!! I did it
You may have signed them but they have failed. You have failed so far.
@realdonaldtrump has not enacted any major piece of legislation. Those bills he signed are things like renaming post offices & VA Clinics
Yeah, thanks for all that deregulation. Good to know another recession's coming sooner rather than later. What a champ you are.
Did you just fucken "Nice!" yourself???? Who does that?????
you've mostly just removed laws that protect living creatures. Congratulations, fuck face. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/878005440411353089 ….
Trump administration removes protections for Yellowstone grizzly bears: http://hill.cm/24AZnsO  
Congrats as well, 4 signing bill that now allows hibernating bears in Alaska 2 be shot by hunters, as well as tracked by aircraft & killed!!

Why does he hate bears so much?!! https://twitter.com/thehill/status/878005440411353089 …
Obama must have loved them
And Obama did that for 8yrs never once bragged about. How long will you last
Can we get a list? Because the media cannot figure out what these 38 legislative bills are..... is someone telling you this? #itsamystery

Trump visited this Boeing factory to celebrate jobs. It just announced layoffs. http://wapo.st/2tzryAc 
This week critical: MEL WATT must END NWS stop THEFT of MILLIONS. Pay SHAREHOLDERS recapitalize Fannie Freddie #fanniegate END this CRiME
I would sure like to know what Obama did with the $266B. It is pretty bad if our gov cannot explain to some degree being the sum so large.
Obama STOLE $266 from FANNIE FREDDIE to pay insurance co subsidies Congress refused to fund under Obamacare https://www.infowars.com/treasury-report-obama-stole-from-fannie-freddie-investors-to-fund-obamacare/ … THEFT

When asked about #Fanniegate and what he did with all the money. That is right,play stupid! $266B is the largest theft in history. 
The illegal Kenyan Muslim bigot is a very wealthy parasite with his cohorts from Hell Looted the USA for years Built 8M home in DC.????
Oh trumpeteers have their panties in a bunch. Look how awesome you guys just sound period it's a great night for comedy
Yes
Not sure if you are lying or if you just don't have a clue what a Bill is. You have actually signed 38 EXECUTIVE ORDERS. These are not Bills
The reason you have been signing EXECUTIVE ORDERS instead of passing bills is that you don't need anybody's support. The DEMs can't stop you
Some of these EOs were pointless handwaving (Defeat ISIS), some were bad for the environment, some were thrown out (Muslim travel ban).
Your tweet shows that, as "president", you don't have a clue what you are doing. It's not a surprise that you have got so little done.
Still, you have set at least one remarkable record: you have been the fastest president ever to reach a MAJORITY DISAPPROVAL rating 
You once asked a rhetorical question about impeachment. Ask it again. Right now you're going down in history as the worst US president ever.
Stalk much Jack?  Good lord.
No, not much. A smarter person than you would be able to work it out from the time-stamps.
Amen, go Trump. You are making America safe and peaceful again.  Thanks
Except that the regulations that this administration got rid of were essential to protecting the environment and checking Wall St excesses.
Which means businesses polluting rivers (like in Flint) can now get away with it.
More important is the promises not kept. Trump had promised no cuts to Medicare, lower premiums & expanded coverage. Not happening.
Ford Motor Co. is setting up next factory in China. Trump's announcements about "new" factories in America were part of deals Obama signed.
Broken promises and lies are now catching up, Mr President.
Butt hurt
Trumpist morons have to get past the defeat of Hillary and take a hard look at their lives.  Things aren't really changing and they know it.
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts o...
Basically you have hit on the kids, the elderly, the sick and the planet... Nothing good to brag about as yet.
What you're doing is tearing down the protections for the people that have been put in place by far greater intellects than you & your mob.
No democratic support, so you ignored half of the nation by refusing to sit down and collaborate with them.

Poor leadership 101 right here!
Because your policies suck.
Thanks for not releasing terrorists from Gitmo and signing horrible, anti-American Iran Deals.
How telling. You have to congragulate him on stuff he's NOT doing. Because y'all just can't move on from Obama.
We'll move on when you all stop crying about hillary losing.
That's hilarious. Nobody cares that HRC lost. We care that Russians we're involved and y'all ignore it. That's called treason.
Hahahaha Nice claims with zero evidence.
17 intel agencies, including almost all Republicans agree Russians meddled. But ok, keep livinig in your alternative reality bro. Vendido
Zero evidence yea butt hurt fool.
"butt hurt" is gonna be Trump and his team when they're locked up, and your sorry ass will still be holding his nutz. sad!
Just remember Hillary is above the laws while everyone else pays for there crime this country ain't perfect but we get over it  trump gl
Every bit of that is a LIE
That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works...
thank you Sir
From a retired U.S. Marine keep doing what your doing. Your draining the swamp.
How about those Carrier jobs and Ford jobs? Why not include them in your list of "accomplishments"
Such a Loser.
Love it! # MAGA

no you haven't #loser #cheatsatgolf #zerorespect
Trump has passes ZERO legislation.
We The People in Louisiana don't care what Bill CASSITY has to say about HEALTHCARE!! HE HAS DONE NOTHING FOR LOUISIANA. He is a duud.

I used to believe it was all just shtick, now I know the blinding incompetence, the willful ignorance, is all very very real.
Only thing you have done is jam legislative ex orders the same thing you huffed and puffed about a real President doing
Mr. President, continue with the great job you are doing! I am so proud of you for not backing down on your campaign promises!
38?   Far more than Obama and you bitched like a pathetic child about his number.   Actually pass meaningful laws for all.
name them. You have done nothing significant. You are a con artist.
No democratic support? Nice to know you're acting in your own benefits you huge orange tit.
And don' plan on getting any Dem support. You're a con remember?
You have endangered the people with your agenda to line your own pockets.
seriously?!?! Signing 38 executive orders IS NOT passing & signing 38 bills. You're right, "being POTUS is so hard" .. when you're clueless
I'm sorry but an executive order is not a legislative bill and if you would reach across the aisle and ask for the Democrats help you might
Get a lot more done and just let Mueller do his investigation and get it over with
You are dividing the country.   Sad
Keep up the Great work President Trump! Your the Best President America has had since President Lincoln!!!!
Just be sure to clean up after you're done pleasing yourself.
All you do is toot your horn. Blow it out your butt, Don.
Most of which were renaming things and rolling back regulations that keep Americans safe. Fraud
You're little more than the school bully who took over the school, and decided to declare war on everyone you don't like.
This is what a bill is Mr President.
Love you President Trump
How much payola did you collect ?
Failed policies from a failure of a president.  Has shown the world what a disgrace he is on a daily basis.  Beyond words.
Most are executive orders. You do not understand democracy.
Keep up the great work Mr. President. Keep up the grear work. Ignore the ignorance out there.
Disastrous. #MakeAmericaGreenAgain
some of us care more about quality than quantity.
Deregulation often hurts the average American retain opportunity and rights. Deregulation is not always positive
One new policy created 
You suck 45
Lazy and useless
No you haven't
Stop blaming the Democrats for everything that goes on you even have some Republicans that doesn't like this bullshit bill!
Congrats on destroying the economy, healthcare and workers rights! You win the jackass of the decade award!
You don't need Democratic support. Duh. Democrats are a minority in Congress.
Name them!
It's so nice to see you working so hard to unify the country. WRONG!
I wish we could fire every Democrat
Great job so far. Push for Repleal only on Obama care...not replace. Free market place for healthcare.
You can't even deliver your #1 campaign promise of destroying Obamacare. Maybe you need another rally? LOL
If you had really done anything you wouldn't have to brag about it. #loser
Deregulation + privatization + austerity = #NEOLIBERALISM ......congratu - fucking- lations
You have signed zero new legislation.  Executive  Orders aren't legislation.
I really wish that you would take a closer look at environmental issues.. it's not just  deregulation #
Yeah ! That's a presidential tweet ! Mr Trump tweet your achievements America gets hope and strength! Let's retweet what's worth and matter!
Are you insane???? Dementia.  #thisisnotnormal
Really 
Liar u have done little to nothing- pathetic
Little hands you have done nothing and you know it.
Republicans know that you are really NOT a Republican. You are just a PUPPET for them and Putin until they fulfill their agenda...then POOF!
You have accomplished very little. You need to act less like a pompous know-it-all.
Bullshit.
Good
You absolutely have not
Learn what a bill is. You are supposed to be the POTUS, right?
Donald. I've told you before. You have to sit the corner when you tell lies. Executive orders are nothing but wind, Just like your head.
No regulations = chaos 
It's a good thing your supporters like their bubbles. It's not enough for 8 yrs.
Love it!
Please SIR, VETO HB against hate speech! It's intended for MUSLIMS to be "special" citizens! Christians who are attacked daily, LEFT OUT!
Thank you, Mr. President

You are doing a terrible job for the American people. You did not pass legislation. Get educated!! How SAD!!! Get to work for the people
Regulations = protection for citizens.  You have made us less safe.  No thank you.
And not a single piece of it major legislation. You're a toddler who kicks over what others have built and says "Look what I do!"
Like allowing ppl to kill hibernating bears & destroying our environment as if we're the last people on earth--how do you sleep at night?
The Prevaricator-in-Chief tweets he signed bills. They were executive orders. BIG difference!
You haven't done $hit!  Using an El Marko pen to write your name on a menu doesn't=passing legislation.  Read a book on our govt for godsake
Don't lose heart we are with you
Pathetic that you have to celebrate your own "achievements".  My toddler no longer has to celebrate every time he goes potty.
That’s great!
And not everybody hates you or thinks that you're a total buffoon... Most of do, but not everybody! Good work. #winning
You need to stop tweeting sir
Oh, you mean, you did your JOB? What do you want? A cookie?
Donaldo that is yuge tremendous sad bad and covfefe. Let's clean the swamp and get rid of YOU know who.
Delusional
How is it working for you so far :(
AWESOME! Keep it up! That's why we voted you into office! THANK YOU!!
Wow, you're clueless. You literally signed some shtty executive orders most of which were thrown out
Keep up the great work .....
I have work because of you potus
You mean those pesky regulations that keep the air clean enough 2breathe, water clean enough 2drink, animals safe from overbreeding? #sad
You do not know what a Bill is, do you?

#realDonaldTrump
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
can you provide me with perhaps 10 of those laws pass by congress and signed that will america great, I challenge you, because you can't.
"Nice!" You read like a dictator from a game like Tropico.
AND THEY ARE ALL FLUFF AND NO SUBSTANCE- A SMOKESCREEN TO LOOK LIKE YOU WORK A LITTLE IN BETWEEN GOLF WEEKENDS  AND WATCHING FOX NEWS
You have passed these bills with no Dem support because you are removing all the protections put in place to protect American Citizens. Bad
No. 
And: NOT nice
BAHAHAHA!! Reduced to bragging about your "accomplishments" yourself because you're the only one who can stand you. Sad.
Congrats on nothing. How's that killing Obamacare and building a wall going?
Your own words were "It's a rigged system" so what will you do to stop the corruption on both sides ?
Very damn nice.. keep it up boss!! MAGA
Liar
I would contend that with no regulations THE CHEATER ALWAYS WINS! But that's the idea isn't it!
President Trump, they have hissy fits every time you tell the truth! "They call it a lie because they can't handle the truth!" My motto
1. Republicans control all branches of gov. so you don't need support, 2. Which of the 38 are significant in any way?
For the love of God, PLEASE take a 5th grade social studies class. Learn the damn difference between a piece of actual legislation...
You also said you would sue ALL the woman who claimed sexual harassment by you when you became @POTUS. Something you would like to tell us?
Sen Cassidy, please do not fear cauldrons of opposition.Please join with Sens.Heller,Caputo,Murkowski, possibly Collins.
well pat yourself on the back orange man!
RNC SURVEY, Should Trump issue Excutive Order 2 Suspend Government Unions so his Admin. can Fire unnecessary, incompetent, etc. ppl. OK? NO!
