Hey @GOP how does it feel to be publicly threatened by your republican president? I'm so embarrassed for you.
Thought you were the leader of all this buddy!  Let's get some shit done!!!counting on YOU Mr. President!!!
#whinylittlebitch
Wow, his fingers express how I feel every minute of the day when I hear his name.
President Trump, pls make amends with AG Jeff Sessions. You need close friends, and Jeff is one of the best.
Scarlett! Love that name.
The ACA isn't disastrous. You are
if america doesn't repeal and replace you the repercussions will be far greater than anyone understands
We've got your back Mr President If this @SenateGOP fails to deliver on this 7 yr promise we will be noting the lie holes that fleeced us!
Thank you for that. It needed to be said.
The worst repercussions is already a fool in the White House
Rachel,  am I your only conservative follower?Why did you list me here? I think your language is a bit harsh.Is there something on ur mind?
I have blocked you due to your support for Trumpy.  I can't imagine women standing with him.  No more to say.
If you call ObamaCare disastrous, then what makes your lunatic plan any better?! I think you have a vendetta against the former President.
Everyone knows what (who) should be repealed and replaced 
Mr. President, I am confused. Why do you think that a yes "vote" to REVISE, RENAME AND REPLACE is WHAT WE VOTED FOR?
... I believe we voted for less government, less taxes, and TOTAL REPEAL of Obamacare! (GOVERNMENT HEALTHCARE)
Hey Don, how about you shove that #Replace nonsense up some RINO asses & just stick with #FullRepeal  end the Socialist take over of USA
He'd better or @KamalaHarris is gonna prez in 2020 
How does a country like the united states not have universal health care? Do they value their people's health so poorly?
They understand they want single payor bc that's what they are told to think. Wait till they can't have a surgery for 1year or never too old
I don't want single payer socialized medicine. Gov out of health care or we will see what happened to baby Charlie over here.
Restasis4 Dry Eyes have Coupon& Medicare/Govt ins.Rule>Unable2AcceptCost Vary?Workers/Medicare SCREWED
So was my tweet regarding the missing $6.5T from the #PENTAGON deleted???
You want to repeal everything by Obama bcuz your a Racist Bigot prejudice SOB WE SEE U   USA needs to repeal &Replace you 
Susan Collins refused to support Trump during the election, just like all the other RINOs!
Imagine the chaos in the Country and Capitol if a real President made a statement like this the day before a major Healthcare vote!!
Fix Obamacare and everyone will be happy. Work with Democrats and republicans to fix it.
Dems could help, but they did 0care alone with tricks, exemptions, manipulations & don't want to help.
U don't understand what the three branches of government are and how they work. Crack a book, Sparky. And you're a bigot. @realDonaldTrump
Everytime you say replace I could scream.. REPEAL NO REPLACE
#FullRepeal then tax reform
Yes but your deal only favours the rich, so to us is a no deal. The people want #ABetterDeal
#TrumpCare is a #DealBreaker. #NoBCRA - we deserve #ABetterDeal. Anyone who wants to remain in office had better #ProtectOurCare!
How about impeaching the disastrous 45th, before the repercussions are too severe?
Poor excuse for a president indeed...
Impeach his ass asap!!!
Didn't realize I was following such a politically biased brewery in @CantonBeer. Looks like an unfollow is in order!
So glad I saw you respond to this! Their beer isn't great either -- definitely an unfollow! 
Barack Bin laden!however the f*** you spell it!!
We got  that non existent planet, don't worry!
Oh, Donny. You don't know what you're talking about. It would be cute if you weren't the President.
Mr President Trump--do only what you MUST do to rid the White House of Muslim Brotherhood and all of Obamas intentional left overs.God Bless
Should start wth themselves. .
I don't think the GOP is getting the message. They seem quite secure in the sewers they've helped to build.
You might only be billionaires instead of trillionaires.
The only disastrous thing will be if you are Prez for your 4 year term. We can't survive your incompetence and hate for another minute!
They that vote no are PAID to do so. Traitors!
I think that when people voted for you, they didn't understand how great the repercussions would be.
Why not let private providers provide our healthcare again?
Please don't delete my tweet Please save oviya... 
tax cuts for under $100k income, tax hikes for the rich + businesses. No gold plated Mar a Lago toilets, pay your taxes
Nice, threatening a branch of government that does not answer to you.
I would much rather a repeal of the 2016 election and a replacement of you!
Replace it with WHAT?? You still DON'T have a viable better plan!! I've read the bill, it's CRAP and you have to do better!
Funny how it's only disastrous in GOP-led states. It's working great in Massachusetts!
Or just repeal!...
Your #Wealthcare is a goner still,
Despite your frantic tweets:
If they stand up and #KillTheBill,
They might NOT lose their seats!
You're right.....millions of people will keep their healthcare that they have come to rely on.  Just try taking it away -- 2018, Baby!


Both the GOP and Dems want single payer for we the people. if they try that, we the people are coming to DC for a chat!
I understand both Federal& NY State prison systems offer healthcare treatment to inmates, so you're covered whether it's treason or RICO.
Yeah, repubs. Donny boy gonna have Putin come after you if you don't betray your constituents & take away their health care!
You did all you could do.  Remember McCain is now receiving contributions from George Soros.  How about TERM LIMITS?  YES!!!!
Hey Mr President we are with you all the way! Your our Leader & Voice! GOP must get with The People's Program! Remember We defend America!
How would are Representatives Congress & Senate feel if we were at War & are Military (The People) sat thereTalking not Acting or Fighting?
Rino's want Trump2 fail They weren't prepared2 lead>Rush said on Hannity last PM!Need Term Limits!McCain needs2Go Invest.
before you fix Obama care you have to fix the Pharmaceuticals and the insurance companies that are ripping you off
your response is to hurt and even cause the deaths of men, women and children as pay back.  U are evil!
Thank you President Trump for your wisdom.The Americans want new health care  insurance But the Dems. Just want a monkey wrench toss  at it
Please make them have obamacare instead of the insurance they enjoy
Rescind congress health care.
Please president put congress on the same medical program as are we. Rescind their privy edge  !
Sayeth the man who understands nothing...
So how did you suddenly get this tone of authority? Your team, 7 years to figure it our. It only took 3 years for my dog to learn to talk.
Then let it fail @realDonaldTrump  let it fail
Let the repercussions begin!!!!
DAMN RIGHT!!!!
We want OBAMA CARE DO YOU GET IT!!! IT needs tweaking. But not repeal, get with it!!
You guys should forget about Political differences and make America #GreatAmerica again
Been complaining about it since it started now nothing
threats?  for real?  You are a pox on this nation.
Someone should repeal and replace your disastrous hairline.
You'll tweet mean things about them?
Making idle threats again I see. Repercussions will hopefully be YOUR RESIGNATION or IMPEACHMENT, looking forward to either one, bigly!
It may be too late for many of them. They've been exposed with their silence. We will handle many of them in the mid-terms. 8 years & nada.
What about the people that your asinine health care bill would have forgotten about. What is it like 29 million will lose healthcare?
Let's repeal and replace you. #yousuckbigly #biglysadforamerica
SZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzxxzzz
If republicans don't act, the repercussions of leaving you in office will never be rectified.
u must really hating obama hard bec of his name. "Let Obamacare Fail... I'm Not Going to Own It" #trumpownseverything #25thfor45 #Resist
I feel like you tweet out of your ass sometimes, Mr.Trump. Please talk from facts not your ass! Thank you
Do you understand. So far you have given zero ideas. Just blaming others. Show some leadership.
Can we Repeal you? You're a disaster
What is your plan for better coverage, lower prices, etc? How is that done?
The only disaster is you as president !!!
Truth be told, both parties want single payer! More $$, power, control for them!
Please resign already! NO one likes YOU nor trust you! Oh and take your criminal family with you! Get out of the people's HOUSE!
2 late! they are going home when we vote! No makin nice at this point is gonna work! FULL REPEAL,NO REPLACE-GOVT OUT OF OUR PERSONAL LIVES!
People getting healthcare? How tragic.
LOL. Because YOU understand? That's hilarious.
It's they do they're going 2 b voted  out in 18. can't dump 22 million pple off insurance
How can anyone oppose far better health care at a tiny fraction of the cost?
Nice
If they don't completely repeal OCare without replacement I'm afraid you don't understand the consequences. We want FedGov out of HC & Ins
You are a bully they are suppose to vote for a bill they have not seen. What are we in Russia?
Really? You are insinuating that you understand MORE than a body of lawmakers. Even Repubs aren't that collectively stupid.
...like people living longer and healthcare costs going down! #SaveACA
What are you going to do, Peaches? Resign. There is no way out. We will impeach you.
We the people think everyone including politicians should all have the same Medical Ins  including Social Security! Make America Great!!
Correct!  We need new Republican challengers-easy win because there are quite a few that need to be fired!
Make America Great Again: Impeach and throw out Trump before he becomes our first dictator. #DumpTrump
You have no idea how bad the fallout will be if y'all choose to keep an iota of Obamacare. The #ForgottenAmericans have spoken. #FullRepeal
The #RINOs in the Republican-controlled Congress is appalling. These are the hypocrites that voted to repeal/replace ACA for last 7 years
The idea that you understand anything complicated more so than the republican senators is laughable. Stop lying to the American people.
Threatening the Republicans in Congress is not going to serve your interests. Desperation born from fear.
Lol
I continue to be thankful that I cast my vote for you as leader of our republic. #MAGA

Their understanding is better than yours ever was, is or will be. Unbelievable ignorance & corruption is the TRUMP brand.
@lisamurkowski Take heed to this Lisa ,more and more Alaskans are sick of your posing as a conservative. Start supporting,quit obstructing.
Donnie, people know you are screwing the ACA by closing call centers and stealing its own funds to advertise against it.
@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan no repeal O'Care Trump supporters will take you down in Primary 2018. @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker This is a promise.
Just get rid of it
#CrookedTrump  was elected by Russia; therefore, we need a #NewElection. We demand repeal and replace of @POTUS    
Yes & if the Dems get control back that means USA goes down the commode...
Amen the next set of republicans might get the message they are a dime a dozen
IMPEACH REMOVE IMPRISON
You remind me of a preening wanna-be wise guy that puffs out his chest, waving wildly and saying "you know who I am?" & later brags about it
Reminds me of the wicked witch of the East "I'll get you my pretty & your little dog too. Somebody pour some water on drumpf #resign
Sounds like you're effectively an ineffective presidency, if you even understand what that means.
fire mueller.   squash @SpeakerRyan
Donald. DONALD. PLEASE YOU CAN DO WHATEVER YOU WANT JUST PLEASE BRING BACK SPICEY.
It won't matter because our planet will be dead thanks to you #globalwarmingisreal
Your mouth is out of control!  Shame on you for swearing in front of Boy Scouts and now threating Republicans who won't vote bad Trumpcare.
Exactly POTUS!
Please explain.
if you replace, you didn't repeal.  YOU KEPT IT.
You *do* realize that you have the power to help FIX Obamacare, and not just sit here and complain, right?
No shame. Can't wait for impeachment
Sorry 4 typos have cracked screen
I totally agree Mr. President..i think America needs to walk inn and put Coongess on notice...DO YOUR JOBS OR YOURE OUTTA HERE kinda notice
Repeal and replace Trump. #FakePresident
Do you ever, even once, think before you tweet? Can you not see the GOP is not equipped to replace the ACA. You're exasperating.
Let's see how much political sway you have on the senators? Lets see this master negotiator at work. Yo @mitchellvii your boy is floundering

I'm eating the crap Obama care is throwing at me now... hope something changes before I go bankrupt
Oh yeah, acting like you are so smart. Your brain would fit into their little toes. SAD
YES! #RepealObamacare
We can't afford gutless visionless stone cold snakes blocking freedom from chains of failed decades of thievery lies & consequential deaths!
A "US president" who threatens his own party not to mention his own citizens. How did we get here? Yea I get it, easier 2say nothing 2c here
There's consequences, CONSEQUENCES I say!

Really, when even the interns aren't afraid of you, what the hell di you think you'll do?
Starting with this sewer rat...
They are so confused they don't even know what they are voting on. This is what happens with work done in secret without proper input.Let go
You have no love for this country or it's people.
They won't get to play in your sandbox anymore?
@GOP must #VoteNo on #MotionToProceed #NoBCRA & #NeverRepeal or Repubs & @realDonaldTrump won't be prepared 4 repercussions from US #Resist
Repealing it will be disastrous for GOP careers -  why do you think they don't want to uninsure 22 million people?
The repercussions will be ON YOU BUFFOON! Have you not yet figured out when so many people have this stolen only YOU WILL PAY!! YOU, GONE!
GOP Repeal n replace !!! Or be replaced yourself
They understand little Sir. Self preservation is not a game plan. Drain the swamp.!
Blah blah blah. So what if they lose their jobs or are you gonna have them knocked off one by one?
Traitor
How about we Impeach now, Replace later?
Congress exempted itself so why should it care?
#DoasIsaynotasIdo
How can you be so oblivious to the reality, this is about life or death not about Party lines.
That includes Sen. Heller.
They understand, they just clearly don't care. After all, they are exempt from it. Again, a 2nd set of rules for politicians. Sick of it

You can sling your hate at me, wish death upon my child. It will never stop me from fighting! My passion trumps hate 
If it's a better health care plan why not
Especially you, huh? Tough to live a big boy life when you're working with lithe mind of a 6 year old Richie Rich, isn't it big guy?
What's behind the #healthcare rate hikes and 7 other things @realDonaldTrump won't tell you about the #ACA
@POTUS @FoxNews @foxandfriends @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @cbs @NBCNews  @ABC  "MF" You COST the House & Senate Their SEATS Come 2018.
Sounds like a threat.  You're such a bully.
Sign an ex order mandating that congress has to be on obamacare...watch those RINOs repeal.
Congress needs to be on obamacare!
I know a good way to pay for indigent care or Medicaid Mr. President if interested sir. Would be great honor to help.
Does this mean your planning on vetoing the sanction bill on Russia . Ur waiting to see what revenge u will take on the ppl u swore to protc
Replace it with what? (Dora the Explorer bandaids don't count)
