Mr Mc Master General is now in Turkey.... Wellcome Sir, Pls, while we are ally to US and member to NATO, let's command at least death penalty to run in war for armed terrorists
@JordanUhl  @justinhendrix @Diana1273 @KPerkinsNYC @bethkirksey   
...and you just ruined his long and honorable career with one tweet...
Made a fool of the General and and weakened our security and without them Trump Towers could go the way of the Twin Towers. Put ten
You just lost helm Trump.  April 6 2018, last of ur DIGNITY walked out of the Trump hellhole to cheers. McMaster is 10 times the man u'll ever be
You're now part of obstruction of justice by the White House, Little Liar Spice. There's no saving your ass. BE very, very worried.
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor....
General McMaster is the only we have from having an authoritarian government. God Bless us all
, Mr. President, why don't we just shoot North Korea's missiles out of the sky? What can they do? NOTHING! Let's practice!
Too bad ALL Cabinet picks weren't as QUALIFIED. Some were the opposite and TOTALLY UNQUALIFIED.
Leagues above you, Pres. Bannon, Miller, and all Breitbart in intellect and backbone! Hope he kicks your ass!
Now that this tweet has aged like compost... So when are you firing McMaster? 

#McMaster 

#HRMcMaster  na na na na.... na na na na.... hey hey hey,  good bye 
are you SB
pathetic
I would like to apply for the position of Ambassador to Cuba or Jamaica.  I have the experience.
even a broken clock is right twice a day. Still not setting my watch to it.
اتمنا.من.محبون.هذا.الااطلع.علي.صفحه.شيخ.كل.البشر
hhhhhhh
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/facebook-is-testing-dislike-button.html …
@potus Any1 that voted for 45 is an enemy of our Republic.
What does he have to say about middle launching in North Korea?
had to get someone who couldn't refuse, I notice.
I would like to know if we are going to start making our own light bulb type products in USA again!!
NOW LISTEN TO HIM & LET HIM RE-DO THE NATL. SEC. COUNCIL HIS WAY, KICKING OUT STEVE BANNON, your puppetmaster.
bonjour nouveau president
now, you should listen to him, you orange-faced scrotum pole!
we need Paul Ryan and all the other swamp rats removed
Good pick. I approve.
please do the majority a favor and resign.
who cares what you do !! You are a failure.
big joke
nuthob
We the people want peace with our Eastern Christian Brothers and Sisters in Russia to fight Radical Islamic Terrorism.#MAGA
Tell McMaster that we the people of USA and the world will suffer if we if we have nuclear war. We the people want peace.
TRAITOR
FASCIST PIG
How many meetings did this "COMRAD" have with your Russian spies?
McMaster wisely said not to use "Islamic Terrorist" and you defied him. I hope he resigns in disgust at your ignorance
Hi.
Use drones are border wall.  Sound detention also. Tom B
h
fuck him too #FuckDonaldTrump
General please continue to stand your ground. We are so grateful for your service RE verbiage We stand with DJT!
Little known fact? Carly Fiorina has one of the highest civilian security clearances as prev advisor for both NSA/CIA (CBN)
should be a war with Russia, Georgia and  Crimea, what is it ?????
WHEN WILL U TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR KILLING NAVY SEAL OWENS
If only U can get ur deputy secretaries confirmed cuz I hear they hold important meetings!! It's d #Washingtonway!!
because he had no choice but 2 except it. Everyone else said no.
hi. you're not my president. #kthanksbye
until he disagrees with you
#likedominoestheywillfall
Not sure he is a good choice...he can't say..Radical Islamic Terrorist ....must be able to call out the enemy...
you bad!
does this guy really have a problem saying radical Islam or is this fake news?
I love this choice much better !!! God is watching !
How's filling those 4000 unfilled positions going??  SAD!!
another one?
I am realizing you need different advisors.  Please contact nice intelligent folks here (MA)who can explain things for you.
this is the candidate that agreed with not characterizing Islam with terrorism, right?
show your yaxes
Bad pick. This person says Islamic terrorism has nothing to do with Islam.
you mean you were working, not tweeting
NOT MY PRESIDENT
Yeah, we need an adult in the house.
A good man with an excellent reputation whom you will ignore if he doesn't agree with you.
Seems he's rational.  How long before you fire him?
Great choice. He will assist in righting the ship.
are you going to shut down the terrorist training camps that are growing all over America?
Reply to @realDonaldTrump - I have served under Gen. McMaster's and I say GREAT PIC - I am the son of a Green Beret and myself 12 Spec op's
Bad move. Another 'feel good' general like McCrystal. Blind to depths of Islamic threat to troops and US. Very bad.
McMaster soft on Islamic threat. Does not recognize danger. He will extend BHO's proMuslim disaster in mideast. Bad for US.
just let him get on with the job he got to do and he may surprise you all
And Another One Bites The Dust! #NotNormal #WorstPOTUSever #JailtotheChief #LockHIMUp #DisgustingPigintheWhiteHouse
hope he stands up to your insanity
did your buddy's Vlad and Bannon say it was ok first?
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.

Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
what did your friend Putin have to say? I'm fairly certain that you consulted with him.....
probably the only sensible thing you've done since taking office.
Like him. He agrees with Obama.
he looks "thrilled".
Time to get to work. N. Korea needs to be dealt with. You look weak. No response to use of nuclear AND chemical weapons!!
Stock market rallies, but what will new tax laws do?
a surprisingly wise choice @realDonaldTrump
It's your JOB. Like punching in every damn day. Dear God in Heaven, you're the most clueless man EVER.
good job
if you think this guy is gonna go along with your nonsense you are WRONG!
just named @JohnMayer my favorite musician
Hope he lasts more than 30 days!
Awesome pick I like Your Style Mr.President!
Good man. But he will never stand for @stevenbannon in the room.
hope he takes u down
this sounds like fake news to me.
Every time I read the negative responses to your Tweets, I'm reminded once again WHY you won! Keep it coming HATERS!
The majority of Americans wish you didn't have the power to name anybody. #TheMajorityTroll
#wherearethetaxes
The other one hated you too huh? He was a republican like the rest of them. Must be that personality Donald....
Maybe he will have the guts and wisdom to get Bannon the hell out of there.
are you a reliable source?
great selection. You want people to like you? Make good choices!! You selected the worst cabinet in History FIX IT
when everyone else says no to a shit sandwich plan C implemented. another failure of the trump regime. comedy gold!
.@realDonaldTrump What, third time's the charm?

#resist #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance 

It's tRUMP…
Keep up the good work Mr. President.  You have a strong support group even though we're not out in the streets.
Excellent
yawn
A great choice actually...the question is will you listen to him, or just make him order the meatloaf?

-Yes, good! BUT, will he (like Tillerson,Mattis,& Pompero) NOT be allowed to select his own sub-Cab b/c THEY DIFFER w you?
Is he RUSSIAN?
good someone who has values finally makes it in! He won't be a do boy to Bannon like the rest of your staff! HOOAH!
let's hope this one didn't make any secret deals with the Russians during your campaign.
you should of gave it to xander cage
why?  So you think black people will think it's just like the 1770's?
Have real problem with army and VA
, will end in a cival war,stuped just refuses to leard from it, so history repeats endlessly;to ignorant to feel thre pain
good luck providing security when you don't want to keep your NCO's!
my husbands re-elistment bonus was just pulled! 6 years in the airforce and this is the thanks we get for our service!
General McMaster will stand up for American values, which is why I expect him to punch Steve Bannon right in the nose.
Your doing a great job Mr. President!! Your hired for 8 years!
thank God almighty! Saneness at last.
exploit the talents and leadership ability of Allen West. hire him
you are awesome!!!!

He didn't call your so-called administration a "shit sandwich" at least.
he's probably a nazi too
because everyone else turned you down!
great choice, i hope he has your ear because he knows his stuff.
hope all supporters boycott the oscars. Show hollywood we don't care what they say.  Behind Trump all the.way
i am behind u 100%God is with u who then can defeat u.
I just want to voice my full support for a coup lead by McMaster & Mattis. Perhaps they'll restore democracy in the US.
McMaster is certainly a better choice than your previous one, Flynn
The other three told you to suck ass.  Hopefully, this man will not turn into your puppet and will up hold the Constitution
@POTUS
Why a general? Why not someone from Goldman Sachs? You're going to get a talking to now.
@POTUS @BreitbartNews Gen McMasters has been quoted saying ISIS isnt Islamic. I hope this is fake news, Sir.
Thanks Mr president keep up the good work more doors will open for American
Donald J,Trump has selected wisely, Gen.H.R.McMaster is a complete gentle and discipline man. It's a position well deserved
Well I have been drunk and a little high on weed #0responsibility Maybe I am poor with no power but also no worries
Good move!
Great pick.  Make America Safe Again.
It has been [4] days since an assigned national security advisor has resigned in disgrace. Let's keep it up, people!
why not just hire yourself. We all know you won't take anything anyone says seriously if they oppose you in any little way
That guy thinks like Obama...I like that.
one thing you've done right.  you need a whole lot more
whoa i named a toast after him w/o even knowing!
Finally did something right. A blind squirrel does find a nut every so often.
妈卖批
conway needs to put her self in professional way.Forget the campaign behavior.
Conway worked hard on your campaign ,Give her some kind of real position so media can not screw with you and the staff.
one of your best choices.
