as a journalist/writer/blogger, sometimes we have 2 TAKE uncomfortable positions (8/2/17; 14:39 EDT) #RAISEact #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You lost me at If.
We also know that most Americans actually DO support this measure A LOT!
We know it will be good for the economy
The last 4 Presidents & the last 28 years; never cared. #MAGA
When he brings all the manufacturing for Trump items back to the US, you can pretend that he is better. But he hasn't done that.
@NAOMI63  WE WON! YOU LOST! I NO YOUR FEELINGS HURT AND YOU'RE MISERABLE LOSER. 8 MOS AND YOU STILL MOANING & GROANING GET OVER IT!  #MAGA
Did I disagree wid da widdle snowflake? I'm sowwy u need so much positive reinforcement! Dwy ur eyes, and dweam of Daddy Twump,  sweepyhead!
WHY ARE YOU BRINGING YOUR COMPLAINTS TO ME ABOUT #POTUS? I DON'T ANSWERS FOR U. I CAN'T HELP YOU
I'M NOT COMPLAINING, I'M TELLING YOU YOU'RE WRONG. SHOUTING IS RUDE, BUT, I GUESS IT'S PROOF YOU ARE A GENUINE TRUMPETTE.
You should move there. Immigration is part of our country's foundation, so you'll never be happy here.
You do realize that Muslims also use the Bible? Just like Christians use the Old Testament? Which is extremely violent.
NO that's wrong,we the children of God are under the New Testament,starting with Act on too Revelation and that's the truth Amen and Amen!!!
Are you sure they're Christian? ISIS kills more Muslims than any other religion.
This is just straight up bullshit.
You campaigned on a lot of issues you have failed at.
RAISE Act

-Ends chain migration
-No automatic welfare
-Favors English-speakers, skilled workers, financially stable
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Good Job They don't help the American People I work all my life and my house in very bad shape no help from none of those places
Kinda like the idea of the higher skill set you have the higher priority. But it kinda goes against the whole equal opportunity 
Why has this bill just been introduced and not acted on?

https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/354 …
/
That lighting really makes the Doritos-Powder on your skin pop. Nice work, @realDonaldTrump!
But Mrs. Clinton won the popular vote, why did the electoral college passed it On?
Awesome. Just Awesome.  take the load off of our system .... GO TRUMP!!!!
@FoxNews urge all that need clarification on Trump's merit based immigration plan to listen to this video !
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch:… https://t....
Thank you. #promiseskept  now #LOCKHERUP
Was a time when British workers worked in the fields, I was one of them, now priced out by others accepting low wages. We might see British workers in coffee shops again and dare I say British Nurses, Doctors, Care workers ,Teachers etc etc.Put the Great back
Is this why you hire foreign workers and you and Ivanka have all your products manufactured outside the USA? Hypocrite maybe?




I LOVE this idea!
IMAGINE a household with 5 illegals and 1 legal immigrant.  The 1 legal immigrant can get WELFARE FOR ALL 5 ILLEGALS they are supporting
Thank goodness you weren't president when my grandparents came to US. They weren't anything you want but started successful businesses.
Love it! All of it! I pray that we can make it stick! It's about time! Thank U President Trump for getting things done!
Yea but the road to being a good leader is by NOT spending a quarter of your time on vacation. You're beyond a liar and hypocrite!#Loser
To the haters, do you have any brilliant ideas?!? You all have an opinion, but none of you show the guts to bring a solution to the table!
And promotes racism.
Sending U and yours unconditional & unwaivering support from midwest!! Praying for U to have peace of mind & strength thru christ!! #MAGA 
Be Careful Of Your Generals Mr President ---> Remember Julius Caesar & His Fate 
Your family got here more than 250 years after mine - immigrant.
I stand behind you 100%
Thank you sir
Deport Melania u cheeto raccoon
You talk poo
no more leaching off the life blood of the US worker and taxpayer.
And you call liberals elitists!
IF this passes, BIRTH TOURISM will NO LONGER BE ALLOWED (August 2, 2017; 14:39 EDT) #RAISEact
KEEP FIGHTING TRUMP!! YOU ARE AWESOME! WE ARE WITH YOU UNTIL THE END!!
Discrimination! Prevents worthy immigrants. IE: Many refuges will need government assistance. Immediate working at a job is not fair to them

So who will you get to clean your toilets or maintain your properties?

You're seriously STUPID

then you need to start by no longer hiring non american labor
When listening to any of your speeches, save the writers who seem to be very good,when adding ad libs I always recite " press 1 for English
Merit-based immigration is actually what made America great. We never gave terrorists, criminals & sick people unlimited access until Obama.
Can we have a merit based presidency and fire your incompetent ass?
How are you going to get labor for your son's vineyard? You are full of BS
How about a merit based presidency? So far, fail.
Amen to that  corrabtion  free  leadership.
listen phoney you just want America white again
You also mae a bunch of promises that are either illegal  and/or not supported by the majority of Americans,We want a merit-based president.
110 million percent in favour of a merit based immigration system for any country .But the devil is in the detail
Is it kind of like the deal your son-in-law's family company offers to rich immigrants: $500,000 in exchange for a green card?
AMERICA 1st Many Visas FOREIGN BEING FAMILY FREE CARE , We Can't get proper Care Pathetic
Good job dir
those requirements for immigrants - having skills and be able to speak English -should had been the requirements to apply for the presidency
I took the test -- I couldn't get in...thank goodness Ford, Edison, Whitney, and Salk or their parents didn't have to take this test.
It's about time a President with your HONESTY HEART EXPERIENCE & BRILLIANCE! Thank you @POTUS
Why are you still kissing trump's ass by tetweeting his crap?!? You got out of there and should thank your lucky stars.
And granddaddy was a draft dodger just like you!

You campaigned on the stupid wall - how's that working for ya?
ISN'T IT A LAW 2 SPEAK ENGLISH 2B CITIZEN.REQUIRE ENGLISH PREREQUISITE 2IMMIGRATION ALONG W/WANTING CAREER.THESE ALONE WOULD B GREAT IMPROVM
Thank you!! Keep movin trump.
I stand behind you 100%!
Supporting the DONALD
guan 欧 叼 几八事
Lol!!!!!!!!!
Northwest Indiana is infested with the illegal immigrants taking over jobs in the construction field. Please send people to remove

You increased the number of H2B visas, which your hotels, clubs, golf clubs totally rely on. So this was dishonest at best.
You AREN'T protecting US workers. You're feeding your base bulllshit talking points
Love it!
Yes, yes:) & pls you HAVE to stop allowing use of the foreign worker visas. They are really hurting the men. Think shrimp boat industry:(
Do you pay tax?
thank you Mr. President for all that you do. Pls stop Sharia law as it is not the law of our land. God bless you!
DO IT Trump!!
You know the choice was binary and the public didn't buy every ounce of bullshit you were dishing out, right?
My grandparents came in 1920s via "front-door", no language, poor, suitcase each and still made it because they worked hard & never gave up.
Trump and his family need to start practicing what they preach.
I really don't think there is an employer out there that hires more immigrants than the Trumps.  Shall we see who's legal???
Europe r deporting by the thousands. Kudos. What happen to those children who came here illegally?
@POTUS @jeffsessions please get rid of Sanctuary Cities in California to help California taxpayers.

Thank you President Trump I'm very happy with the New Policies on Immigration. Great Job!!
Vs êtes malade ou un psychopathe Donald trump , tu es le Diable en personne ...
Your campaign is long dead and decomposing in the corner. We can smell the stink from here. Give it a decent burial.
Based on your system your father would never have been allowed in and you would not be president. Immigrants make America great, all kinds
The racist act you mean....
Yes
The Trump family & Admin. at its best!An immigration scandal in the White House when they're trying to work on #immigration.#FireKushner
Finally, get the best and join Australia in smart immigration.
Awesome keep it going mr trump
Of course Tom Cotton stands beside you. Embarrassment from Arkansas. He'll soon be out the same as you.
The Raise Act thumbs up
Canada does it.
I bet you'll have a clause that young Russian female blonds are exempted from all rules.
it won't pass Congress so no need to worry about his rhetoric.
It's not so much the fear of it going through (now, anyway) as it is emboldening his base & slowly building numbness to his racist rhetoric
sounds good!
Lady Liberty would beat you with her torch if she could.
Go to jail.
Great job mr president
Mr. President, please consider limiting entitlement to 48 mths.  Taxpayers shouldn't have to supports refugees forever.
Dont let up Donald....enjoy your vacation
Crap
#alternativefacts
Have lawful applicants cover the cost of the process, schools, medical enforcement etc.
We want immigrants that want to contribute to and share in our wealth. Not those who want to suck us dry.
@GavinFree @bdunkelman This man is fighting for people like you, he wants y'all because y'all benefit all of us
My favorite piece of legislation so far!

You tell 'em, Pres! Lovin' your ideas! Please be sure you protect small businesses in every way, as they are the backbone of America!
Your doing an awsome job President Trump
Australia  and New Zealand use the same system!
My grandparents immigrated to this country from Hungary. They didn't speak English. They faced prejudice from people like you.
Considering the 'merit-based' immigration rules Melania should be deported. She can't speak English & when she does she plagiarized others!
WHERE IS MELINIA's PAPERWORK YOU NEVER SHOWED SHE MUST BE AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT THAT NEEDS TO BE DEPORTED!!!
Dude. You're so orange the camera can't focus on you against the background.
Your ancestors migrated in 1903 you come from immigrants as well I'm sure they were a bunch of rapists and drug dealers right?
So what? There are a lot of Christian countries, too.
How will this effect fiancé and marriage visas? My lawyer told me it will take 9+ mths to get my fiancé approved under the current law
Thanks for representing We the People.
Left wing people are crying, because there are not muslims killing in the US, stupid liberals
I'm sure the native Americans and Africans wish they had vetted.
If u do this, how are farmers and corporate farms going to survive at harvest time, or on your vineyards, who is going to pick the grapes?
Can't trust anything you say, unfortunately.
That's a good move to cut the visa from 1 million to 500,000 the country is overcrowded we can't breathe. People with Expired Visa's go home
Your own unskilled mother & German speaking unskilled grandfather would be turned away. Unskilled Melania also.
This will hurt the economy & is thinly veiled bigotry.
@realDonaldTrump is just a liar #TrumpLies everyone knows it. If ACA fails Trump is responsible.  #Trumpcare is a disaster the #GOP rejected
Does that include ending H1b? Stope importing those lying Indians/Pakistan/chinese stem workers who steal our technology and sent it home
Bull feces!!!!
Many other countries do the same thing.  Am totally for it.
Good luck getting the backstabbing GOP traitors to pass it.
8 yrs and obama claimed to be Mr "immigration reform".  Just opening up the borders for everyone to come in isn't "reform"!  It's SURRENDER!
that's funny. Our political system isn't even merit- based. Our president can't even complete a sentence, much less a job.
You could start w/in your own Administration by hiring folks based on merit rather than being family members. Jared & Ivanka: unqualified.
Dear President: Please take firm steps to curb illegal immigration. Rest all will follow.
how did melania rate in the merit point system?
To think, if others had been so determined to stop immigration, we would have less tRumps in the world... Food for thought people.
May God keep one hand on you shoulder and guide you with the other.
Good, about time!
This is amazing!  Thank you Mr President..
#BringBackTheGreenBack
oh for the sake of...   what nit wits came up with this one ? @SpeakerRyan
It's sooooo overdue and greatly needed!!!!!!
U've found a couple of bro' bigots & figured you'd join in. If only u had a tiny fraction of the courage that leads immigrants to our shores
YOU HAVE TO BE THE BIGGEST LOSER EVER... AS AN AMERICAN CITIZEN I AM SO EMBARRASSED WITH YOU BEING POTUS...

And you are executing on it.  Love@POTUS
