Yes. You must stop signing EOs that are ILLEGAL.
Or you can start checking that your laws are constitutional before trying to execute them. You can't get anything right. Sad!
Seriously Where Do You come up with these outrageous statements ? WE WILL RESIST  @GOP 2  FUNDING 4 YR PRIVATE MILITARY BLACKWATER
You lie lie lie...
Stop dividing the country!!!
What do you mean? You own the house, senate and White House. You are a terrible leader. 

Look within before blaming others.
No no. YOU are making security difficult because you are a TRAITOR to everything OUR country stands for.
Nobody with a brain likes you.
Racist FakePrez doesn't understand American political processes? Sad, he has the house and senate dut blames Dems for his failures!
if you cared about our country you would resign  move to Russia and take your family and VP with you
No! YOU MAKE THE SECURITY OF OUR COUNTRY VERY DIFFICULT.  IGNORING OUR CONSTITUTION. Your job is to uphold it not tear it down.
Using the courts?  Who is in control of congress? Who appointed Gorsuch?
#Democrats make security difficult? What about your #immoral ways?
Hiii sir
I hope you beat Paul Ryan in 2018
Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor Traitor
So you openly a fascist now, got it.

.@realDonaldTrump: The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay a..
You MUST take the helm and LEAD Congress, sir! They R lost in the mire of The Swamp! #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #MASA
If you respect the law, the Constitution and justice in the courts must abide by the court

Weak "president" + poor leadership = failing presidency
Resign now.
Look at the violence your supporters have done.
So is this how you model that "We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together"!?!? (your words, Bully-in-Chief!)
I still can't get over how RACIST you really are!!!! - Don't hold back, though. Make sure the WHOLE world knows how you feel!
I think they should all move an go run Cuba take Obama an killary with them it's a democratic country anyway an leave us alone
A @POTUS who turns his back on allies, embraces enemies, divides his nation, backs racist factions makes security IMPOSSIBLE
#ImpeachTrump
SHUT UP!!!!
That is so true
Close the courts!  Problem solved.
seems to work in Russia and Venezuala. Great thinking.
Its called checks and balances.  It was taught in the 4th grade in American history.  It was meant to slow down people like you!
Such a liar
I love you trump, can you be PM in the UK next
Yeah? And the white supremacists make ending racism very difficult.  Must stop!
Shut up trump
This is called democracy, checks and balances to people who are extreme i.e. You !!!
What are you doing about domestic terrorism? Oh that's right, adding fuel to the fire. #Charlotteville #DoSomethingGOP
I hear they are forming a council of doctors to evaluate your mental health.
That's good since your unhinged morally irresponsible behavior is the real threat to our security.
Here, in case you missed this.
.@Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Nazis. 
I'd also like to say for people who voted for trump but can admit they made a mistake, I forgive you. He's a con man. It's not your fault.

I hope this country is not going over to the LIBERAL WAY TRUMP IS FIRERING BANNON
Don't forget Flynn. Where do you think TRUSTED Intel has been coming from? Not CIA thats for sure... Bannon specialty is information warfare
I truly trust Bannon
So do I... But I know only @POTUS matters to #MAGA EVERYONE else are just bit players...
Watch on #Periscope: Holy carp my fantasy WH team is in disarray Follow: @Gingrich_of_PA & @mitchellvii & @JoeStocks https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGbdkzFEWktvZUF5TW9ZRWF8MWxEeExrbXFsenFKbSr1Ve8fXTOghWqXllvcle-Ss10LpX-OIHiNynAZV8hB …
Agree
But I can't say much lol
Tell everyone again how the Democrats are obstructionists while the Republicans hold the majority of the House and Senate?
You mean we won't allow you to trammel our rights on pretext of security.  Courts don't delay----courts explain what law applies & means.
You do
Keep it up, you will get nothing done. Stop with the fake news as well,,,,,
BUILD THE DAMN WALL
God Bless you Mr Trump. You remain in our prayers and remember, God has a hedge about you that the wicked cannot penetrate.
Dear Mr. President, thank you for strengthening our security!!!
Let's not forget the obstructions Republicans: McCain, Miller, Graham, etc
You must stop.

But you won't.

Mueller and the Constitution will stop you
... this is the reason why you and your family cost tax payers more than three times than what the obamas costed. american golf first, hey?


When the policy or what have you seems imbalanced, the other two bodies help keep the system in check.
You're the only thing that needs to be stopped. #ImpeachHerrDrumpf
Boss you  better get ahead of this storm. Before they blame you for something else
Oh yeah!  Blame Democrats and not yourself!  You are the obstructionist of your own making!

Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Don, use your presidency to learn what most of us learned in high school civics class about the Constitution. You could earn college credit.
LIE
What would Pershing do?
Idiot
Funny no one told you the courts are a co-equal branch of government. You know, executive (you), legislative (Congress), & judicial.
Time to revert to the good old fashioned Obama EOs. Dems and GOP proven that they r obstructing the Trump/People's agenda.
No wonder President Obama is still more popular than your illegitimate, #TrumpRussia installed (very large) rear end!
Just asking...do you think Mr. Mueller's next pre-dawn FBI raid will be on you or Ivanka & Jared?
You should look into something called facts. I'd be glad to introduce you, but I have a feeling there would be a language barrier.
Man this dude is an idiot
That's too bad.
Yes Mr President please stop the madness. I pray you don't give up on for America...here's ex demo that is now republican
They should all just do your bidding
then I guess we should say all "you people" wanna do is use Twitter- instead of doing your damn JOB. But u Aren't ABLE TO.
Ya renuncia wey...
They are using Social Justice not the Constitution they will shut down everything in the name of Social Justice! Communist
Hey Trump, what if I told you that 8 months worth of video surveillance footage from inside the White House is going to be released?
Trying to change the narrative?
Mister, Please stop Politics and begin Governance of USA and the World. You are a world leader. Act as one.
Well, you'd know ALL about obstructing, wouldn't you. #ObstructingJustice #IndictTrump #25thAmendment #TrumpHasToGo #NoMoreHate
Just do like obama make an executive order only you van recind!
@gmo_free_living @ajc11755 Do not ignore that we are at the hands of DOMESTIC TERRORISM Donny Boy. Admit to it!
judicial, executive and legislative. checks and balances.which one is you?
Is this suggesting that the system of checks and balances to proect us from the rule of a tyrant 'must stop?'

WHITE Nationalists obstructing the future.  NAZI sympathisers in WH. Dems and GOP won't put up with you anymore.
Oh how dare they use the USA's legal system to thwart you & your agenda
For "obstructional" read: "abides by constitutional law"
Is constant use of needless exclamation points & random capitalization meaningful? Or is ExLax just not working? Sorry you dislike courts...
What about domestic terrorism? It's not safe to have marches with people carrying guns, clubs, even hand-made weapons.  Safety Trumps all
GREAT WORDS FROM A PATHETIC RACIST PRESIDENT #WORSTPRESIDENTEVER #RACISTRESIGN
Maybe you should sign legal Executive Orders then.
They act like a bunch of spoiled little kids.
Aka " I wanna have my way and these doodie heads are making me play by the rules!! I wanna be Czar like Putin promised!!"
If you did it you would say how smart you are that you use the system so they are not obstructionists they are smart to use systems put in
Pathetic response. You are the problem.
And thankfully even though the GOP has the majority they still can't get anything done! Has nothing to do with Dems. Look in the mirror!
Just because you don't understand how a democracy works you don't have to whine about it.
What must stop is your Nazi sympathizing.
RUSSIA is not gone captn pork chop.... tick tock, LIAR
Lol. That's democracy, manboy
Don John the Dems are representing their constituents. Why don't you admit politics isn't business. It's ok to go golfing
Seems to be their only purpose these days which is why Trump is president. They don't get it.
The courts decide on the issues, not the democrats you dolt. You have NO idea how the judicial system works.
Yeah, because they are the one's to blame! All parties need to take a look at the good for all! Not just your ego's! Then start again!!!!!!

Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Exactly we need to return to the rule of law
Also Obama and Hillary pulled together hate group because she wanted to rule. Americans don't realize our country would have been taken over
Just curious:  Do you understand how government works?  Checks and balances, etc?
The judicial system is there as a third branch EQUAL to you. They are not there to do your evil bidding.
You seem to forget what the republicans did under President Obama. Maybe you just weren't paying attention.  Knucklehead.
I support my President
Hey, Don,
Why no ambassador to #SouthKorea yet?
Stop blaming the Demorcrats for ALL of your shortcomings.  Must stop!
The investigations brought on by dems are about using tax dollars, to keep Americans dependent on big government.  Wake up people!
So why were the only terrorist attacks done by your white supremacist base
Yea, I know u miss the time when u could bully people into doing what u want with threats of litigation and burying them in debt.
It's called balance. There's the           judicial branch, the legislative branch and the executive branch. Try watching Schoolhouse Rock
BULLSHIT
Try working with all party's!  Remember that's how b.Clinton did it.
Your party controls the entire gov't. You campaigned that U ALONE could fix the country. You don't need Democrats, toddler hands!
I guess you forgot about the obstructionist Republicans during Obama's presidency. We haven't.
Your tweet shows you have no understanding of how government works and you will say anything
Check your doors Donald , they are looking for you.
I'm a registered Independent and you make me sick. Prison might make you a better person- but I doubt it.
Some people have to actually cool their heels in jail. I for one am sick of Senators getting away with a slap on the hands.
You need to come up with some new words these are old and tiresome.   And again, thank God for our courts, need them to keep us safe from U.
Exactly how the eight years prior to your embarrassing, do nothing, administration were. Suck it up crybaby!
WRONG!  That would be you!  Just stop tweeting!
Really?!  When all else fails, use fear to get us back in check.  The only thing we need security from is you!   You are the real threat!
Sounds like you see yourself as a dictator. You're half correct, dick.
cracks me up how you always blame dems for stopping your crazy ideas. The GOP is house & senate majority. But u have no control thank God
Oh that's right, your only President of part of our country.
We all know who is behind this violence in America. Put the leaders away and it will stop!
Some senators need to step down or be removed!
then fire all appointed liberal judges esp. obama appointees!
Agreed!
Security of the USA is very very very good.
Ur party is in charge of every branch of govt. If you can't get things done, it is because you are an impotent,feckless & dumb prez. Sad.
Small reminder: democrats can't stop squat. You have GOP majorities in congress. You are the problem.

Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Puto
why are democrats fighting their own country,?makes you wonder
Oh no!  Not the rule of law again!
"They use the courts..."
Correct, Donny. We're a nation of LAWS. (Remember 7th grade civics?) Those laws protect USA from people like you.
Our Liberals in Canada act the same.  Horrendous mindset.
That pesky US Constitution. #TrumpLies
You sound like a Scooby Doo villain. Sad!
Forgot you swore to protect & defend the Constitution in January, didn't ya?  Don't wanna be obstructed, quit ignoring the rules...
#Resign!
It's hard to tell who works at the WH!!

Constantly changing!!
We do not care for your agenda of tearing down everything that Obama did. You must really hate Obama. That will be your downfall hate loses.
You still don't understand the concept of "democracy", do you? The constitution was designed to guard against your brand of dictatorship.
You should stamp your feet and spit your pacifier, its the way you have solved your problems, all your life
Resign
Anti American White supremacists love Trump.
Do you know how to do anything but call others names?  Grow up!!  Your blame game is really laughable when it is your own party obstructing!
Ass
No, tgat would be you who makes things difficult for our country. You and you alone
Hey Don, you don't have to use all the allotted characters in every tweet.   Enough with the final sentence fragments. Must STOP. OK? So Sad
#FuckyouTrump
YOU make security worse!  Resign.  You are unfit!
Just like the "obstructionist republicans" of the prior administration... 8 years of obstruction to be exact.
You have the majority in the House and the Senate...Dems ain't stopping you from doing anything. Only impediment to governing is you #resist
Time to start weeding out liberal  judges who use the bench to try to make the unlawful lawful
