Will be watching as your # 1 Canadian Fan. Proud of you President Trump. Amazing leader you'll be.
thanks for the insight into your character.  I'll be sure to use another realtor when I go to market.
500+ other choices out there. Market is great for a purchase. Oil is gonna rise and you'd do well soon.
@alexthecat1990 #notmypresodent!
working in the government, more than half ate not needed, only there doing nothing for the money.
I am not being PC<now! Scr-w Chuck Schuner! Keep doing what you are doing!!   I am 76 and tired of their BS!!
And???
Almost an entire month after you canceled your first scheduled news conference! Must've needed more time, very strange! @realDonaldTrump
Good you can announce a new cabinet position, I'll do it for free "CONGRESSIONAL HECKLER"
YES!!!

I not able to show proof and informaton to any government office
Legal Imagtation from Dominican Republic but marriage fraud.Once they get green catd they leave.no government office helps
You obviously do not trust your children! Shame on you! You're parents probably did not trust you either. SAD bully!
Why news conference delayed for weeks to Jan 11? Conflicts of interest? Russia ties? Need time to build case? #TrumpLeaks
has not held a press conference since July. Shameless.
Pssst. Not President until January 20, 2017. Your time machine took a wrong turn, my friend. Cheer UP. Healthier!
I didn’t call him president, did I? Even a candidate for POTUS or prez-elect should meet with press.
I'm not sure the Press is guaranteed access to ANYONE, though I liked Truman's walkalongs. Just now, TwitterRules
In principle the president should meet with media. Unless he's afraid.
Nicely aged tweet if I do say so
Donald J. Trump likely to be the greatest American President ever. Has done more in 8 days than predecessor did in 8 years.
Great!
@RobertDupontV  God bless you Putin and God Bless Mr Asselineau For France :Frexit EU art 50
Thanks for your help
Get ahead of the media.  They lie, l rather watch cartoons.
And it was full of nothing!
Keep sticking it to them.  God Bless and keep up the good work.
more people going to PROTEST THAN TO THAT MORONS INAUGURATION his "speeches" will b proof of his mental instability

@IndyThisWeek
@MIKE_PENCE 

Well....
He wasn't kidding.
!!!FAKE NEWS 
POW 
NO. 
http://NO.I.WONT.GIVE.YOU .A.QUESTION
@CNN 
Killed it...new Sherriff in town DJT.
President Elect was BRAVE confronting media in need to take in consideration credible  serious journalistic standards& true
President Elect Donald J. Trump was OUTSTANDING! Your Leadership, Integrity is what AMERICA NEEDS & WILL Have because of U!
You should be investigated.
Six of 10 Americans want Trump to release his tax returns publicly, while 33 percent say he don’t. Pew Research Poll
correction - 33 percent say he doesn't.
I expect it will be REALLY REALLY REALLY general #TrumpPressConference #NoAnswers
I wouldn't be surprised if the sprinklers go off just as the first question is about to be asked.
who cares
keep your promise
will you be watching some unforgettable press conferences from the past for inspiration?
so?
Today is the big day!  Welcome to politics.
please speak/tweet you message to ALL the Americans you now serve without name calling & insults. Please try it.
Let's see, we'll hear "MAGA" , "we'll discuss later", "dishonest media" and no answers at all.
Pay attention, folks - @realDonaldTrump wants a word in urea.
Will you be "LiveStreaming" it?  lmfao
We can only hope you'll take the opportunity to step down. You, sir, are a national disgrace. Forshame.
@kathybelk87 So thrilled hope it is with your biggest supporters Fox 
Please move out of NYC...We The People don't want you here
Can't wait to hear what urine-tending to talk about!
Producing your tax returns? Explaining how you'll divest yourself of business conflicts? Nah. Didn't think so.
well even with a dress rehearsal will believe it when it happens. You have instilled distrust because of your history.
You ready to turn over your tax returns that day, too?
what year?
What time is this planned for? Don't want to miss a minute of this.
Should we bring umbrellas/ tarps?

will you, for once, tell the truth?
we're going to literally listen to our president deny watching Russian prostitute's piss on a bed... #realityshow
because you're so insecure you can't handle everyone celebrating @POTUS @BarackObama? SAD!
are you sure that date works for @PutinRF_Eng ?

Cant wait :-)
Traitor.  Bag of piss is what you are.  Traitor.
I never really understood why your brother was so influential in your life to stay away from smoking, drugs or alcohol?
can't wait to hear you address your love of golden showers
YOU
Never Forget how long and hard the fight was to get @realDonaldTrump elected! The Real Fight is just beginning #MAGA
https://twitter.com/YoungDems4Trump/status/812981623159275524 …
@WandaMiller5102 @realDonaldTrump Thank God Trump is our man for this challenge.
The craziest thing you can ever tell @realDonaldTrump is "Can't" He takes that as a serious challenge
Thank you!!!
Please stream it on twitter
Bet you don't, now that we all know about the Russian hookers piss party story. Bringing so much shame to your country.
We'll be ready for you!
Watch out for leaks of yellow journalism! 
#WaterSportsGate #GoldenShowers
will there be showers available?
Trump resign before Russian orgy video is released 
please media turn your back on this ass clown... he told you to kiss his orange ass so tell him to kiss yours
.@realDonaldTrump What will you be lying about this time? Corrupt Trump.
Will have to stream this, should be golden.
trumpsky "there may be showers ahead" 

@indiaknight will u be acting out golden showers? Putins puppet
.@realDonaldTrump Should your supporters bring umbrellas and raincoats? (This has nothing to do with the weather)
Do we need to bring an umbrella?
 can't wait for this, you will beat all your apprentice ratings - you're fired 
Will you explain your predilection for all things golden? #MidasTouch

Be aware that if you are in the first 5 rows, you may get wet
hes gonna do a live action golden shower bondage scene
@maxasteele I'm thinking it won't be "general" anymore...assuming you don't cancel it due to the current news cycle.
on Pornhub?
And I'll be sprouting wings on the day you finally tell the truth about something.
I'm so excited I might pee!
will there be any sex pissing involved?
.@realDonaldTrump
ooh you dirty beggar
Just when I think you couldn't drop any further in my estimation...
Can you tell us what "golden showers" are at the news conference?
I don't think so, sunshine. 
will you be talking about the piss thing, mate? re the hookers pissing on you and stuff?
great, as if traffic isn't already fucked up enough.
Looking forward to it.
YO I’VE GOT A PRETTY BIG QUESTION, BUDDY.
I will be providing bottled water. Lots of it. Lots and lots.
gonna turn in your resignation, or wait for the impeachment?!?
can't wait!!
.@realDonaldTrump Should the people in the front row bring a poncho? #Trump
Is it about the pee? Tell me it's about the pee.
@indiaknight THERE'S NO NEED TO SHOUT DONALD...IS THAT U.S. TIME OR BIG HUNKY LOVE MUSCLE VLADIMIR TIME?
@indiaknight betcha he won't be!
will you be talking about the #GoldenShowers hashtag?
will you give an update on your pending rape charges?
Will we need umbrellas?
that's tomorrow isn't it? Can't wait x
1 / 11 - that's a lot of number 1's.
YASS.
will you be pissing on a prostitute?
Will it be Just For Men, or is that just who’s sponsoring it?
we’ll all be watching, champ.
@MichaelPDeacon Will you be mentioning this...? #Trump
lol classy eh?
Bit of a shower...
* Great! Just curious, tho...are questions about watching Russian girls pissing on beds considered "off limits"?
@carrozo oh boy
bye! Good riddance!
@MichaelPDeacon can't wait
where i will say nothing and everybody will think im saying something ....just watch me get inaugurated..i'm tremendous.
AT WHICH TIME,SO I CAN WATCH IT LIFE
THANKS
.@realDonaldTrump No. No you won't.
Really!  With the news coming out this pm.
What time exactly?
what time?
I'm not holding my breath.
Keep AF1, stop reimbursing UTC $632M penalties for 1980 procurement fraud for F100 engine after 33 years in courts
it's on for Wed until it's cancelled again.
Translation: I'm going to lie through my teeth bigly!...then tweet about crooked media
general news conference? Will the press be invited?
Will you explain to the 20 million people who are about to lose their health care what they should do?
explain Russia's Hacking of American Servers ( Putin )seeing you know "a lot about hacking"  what you are going to do
will you explain how you know more about intelligence then the generals or the CIA and FBI  ?
will you explain the Great Fencing that is already there ? and  paid for
looking forward to seeing it .
more lies sell your interests instead of selling US out!!
this rescheduled waste of time with a blatant disrespect the democratic process of transparency #smokenmirrors
Great love to hear. From you you have my full support  Harry Cotter
yep,sure,right...no no no.....your welcome
who cares... and centerfold wife as a first lady makes me want to puke
Would love it if you smiled...makes the demo's so mad. He is relaxed and not worried about celebs and remarks.
who cares if he is buddies with Russia. Trump and Russia are going to throw a monkey wrench in the works against the NWO.
will be listening.
will only generals be allowed to ask questions?
Will this be the same as the other times you promised a news conference or a report to the people and were a no-show?
Oh, will you actually answer questions? Do you have something to say that is not an incoherent rambling?
OH MY GOD, YOU ACTUALLY SPELLED JANUARY CORRECTLY, YOU MUST HAVE SPELL CHECK!!
sure. I'll believe it when I see it.
Yes Arizona where they don't give a damn about the LeastOfThese , has nothing to do with @POTUS #ACA ...
so convenient for you, let's take the spot light of the hearings....we see you and we know your a phone-not my president!!
JANUARY ELEVENTH. 2 days time, questions and everything huh? #trump #press conference 
It's about time!
For real?! I'll get the soda and popcorn ready *rofl*
great
Finally an announcement that Putin is your BF for life.
Gee. One per 165 days. Excellent job! Now you will release your tax returns, as promised, no doubt.
2017?Only 3 days away! Have a rescheduling excuse in your pocket?
where was the oneyour promised in December?
Just like you were going to tell the Media on Tues. or Wed. what you knew that nobody else knew? Trump got jokes!!
no one cares
.@realDonaldTrump
Just remembered this— the Clinton camp put out a 6 min. vid detailing the reasons why Putin wanted Trump to win. 
dont guve a shit, Donnie. Talk to yourself...I'm done.
Thank you for what?
Duck, get you lies straight, before the conference, because so far you can't remember which lie you told last.
#lordcheeto will this take place of your 12/15 press conference. Or any actual press conference. Or is you scared?
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Russian-Trump-Hat-Make-America-Great-Again-Russian-Translation-MAGA-/122301388448?_trksid=p2141725.m3641.l6368 …
What new business are you opening??
Gee, will you be able to answer questions? That will be entertaining. Most people voted for you b/c you're 'funny'.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @CNN
True or Fake?  Can't keep up.  True if favorable  - fake if unfavorable.  That's how it works right?
No one cares
what time? What year?  Getting close to your cancel window.
Russian agent? What ties to Putin?
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-stiffs-builders-5-million/ …
