that's just my wife 
she left me
I know you're obsessed with setting records  & having large things during your "presidency". But having largest hurricane isn't a good thing
Do something positive & productive & help the west & help the south. Leaving things to burn & flood doesn't make America great again
"It looks like it could be something that will be not good, believe me, not good." Wow. What a wordsmith. SMH #Irma
it's almost like that weird climate change thing is real

We trust in You President Trump to get what the people of Florida will need as well Thank you & God Bless for taking care of Texas as well
How does this tweet get likes?!
How's that climate change denial working out for ya?
are u kidding me
You're a bad president. You're a bad leader. How are you not embarrassed by yourself?
How are you not embarrassed yet how you just talked to Pres. Trump....lmao; listen to the saying think before you speak.
But climate change is a hoax from china right?
Maybe climate change is real? Smarten up.
Lol why you sound so proud of that tho 
Do you think he'll actually answer?
Well done Mr. President! Hurricanes at an all time high! #MAGA @Conroy_official
People are dead, sir. Lives have been ruined. Focus on that.
No Hurricane has hit the world like you're destroying it! We'd all prefer the Hurricane. At least it'll go away!
Duh. #GlobalWarming
But global warming is a joke, right? 
You forgot to tell potential victims to have fun!
But tell us again how climate change is just a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.
almost as if something ... is changing ....
Mr President - do you think - maybe the size of Irma has anything to do with climate change - perhaps !
There's a cat wants to explain it to him...
Your excitement is bizarre. Also, it isn't necessary to end every tweet in an exclamation point.
Who tweets for you? A twelve year old? Enough! IMPEACH Trump!
It's getting better ratings than you are. #sad

Congratulations you did it!
Oh yes Sir, there is no climate change! Your words to the people in the world!
Surprise surprise: it's about size....
Not about impact, suffering and (...forbid) 'probable' cause or preventive action.
Why are you excited by that?
Just like your inaugural crowds?
Of course this has nothing to do with global warming..... that's just more #FakeNews
The surprise is baffling, welcome to the rising consequences of willful ignorance. #ClimateAction
Wow! See Donnie. These Huge Storms are a Direct Result of Global warming. Only a Fool would think anything else.
I'm sure that fact is completely unrelated to carbon emissions.  #FakePresident
Who says climate change is not an important issue? Foolish, foolish man. Roll back on Trump not your right to protect your people and planet
Praying for our country!
No, this isn't because of #ClimateChange. No. Not. Never. This is yuge, like shower, not 'golden' ones though.
Its a real hurricane, not one on a tv show.  Please tweet accordingly.
At least climate change doesn't exist.
Please send emergency assistance to Montana! It's much worse than the news is covering and they need your help!
says the guy who doesn't believe in climate change. You're kidding yourself.
So its an achievement of your era
Wow a president and a weatherman leave the weather alerts to the experts! 
May God be with those who are in the path of impact of this extremely dangerous Hurricane! Praying for all!

In the midst of these hurricane we're thankful that is all happening under your watch Mr.Trump. If anyone can handle this is YOU Sir.
Wake up, Trump. Sign a Presidential ban forbidding hurricanes from landing on American soil.
Caution Mother Nature from persisting in such un-American demeanor, hinting that new #sanctions are in the making. #MAGA
No worries about #HurricaneJose , our great #POTUS won't let him in the country anyway.....
I think it's fake news!
Mr President.. we here in FL know that you will be here for us... the last hurricane of this size to hit FL was ANDREW ... HELP!
You should go get a closer look just in case.
Gives you some perspective on the incredibly important role we play as stewards, doesn't it?

Sorry.

EARTH GOOD.  BIG STORMS BAD.  

#Trump
Could the climate be changing?
Sooo is climate change still a hoax to you ...?
Worst hurricane season ever.....it's global warming president troglodyte!!
Finally got the memo!
Omg!!!
Thanks
Hurricane covfefe
Holy Cow the Democrats sent Irma on a track that goes right over the Winter White House!#Obstructionists#Democrats
Why do you say this like it's a good thing?? What is the matter with you?
I'm glad Puerto Rico was spare, hope Irma turns north.
yIKeS
Lord, in Your mercy, hear our prayers!
So is the price gouging
It's a shame your island home is not on a US owned island !!!
Heard the home you were selling on the island has been remolded by the hurricane!!
Looks like someone upstairs is sending YOU a message! Your personal category 7 Hurricane Mueller is about to tear up your world!
Hmm suggestion go to your southern mar lago White House and hunker down with your cult members #TheResistance
Mr T.. are you now the weather man ?
No such thing as #climatechange though.
Obama had worse weather! Much worse.
THAT'S NOT GOOD, YA DINGUS
And you actually wasted your time to tweet this bit of news?
Using GOP logic, you are to blame.
Maybe you should go hang out at Mar a Lago, I heard this weekend is supposed to be gorgeous!
Well, he claims everything is bigger, higher, more, huge and fantastic since he's been in office. Of course he's going to take credit!
God  
Bless u n America
ALL I CAN DO IS PRAY
Maybe the climate IS changing.....
What's the plan we stand together or fall apart alone. I choose to stand together for our Country stand with me please god and country
but climate change is a hoax right
You are Delusional, Donnie!

U cut the NIH, CDC & EPA that keep American's public health safe from waterborne disease in floods & hurricanes
Delusional Donnie cut flood & wetland regs that help keep Americans safe from flooding & sea level rise due to human caused climate change!
You make Americans less safe by denying human caused climate change that increases intensity & frequency of severe weather & sea level rise!
Why are there only 59.7k Likes?...And God said "LET THERE BE MORE."
It doesn't "look like the biggest hurricane ever" it is sir. # science n simple math sir. Have a nice round of golf sir
Did you figure that out all by yourself sir. Enjoy your round of golf sir
When Florida in a hurricane but people decide to bully trump 
Want to talk about how science isn't real, again?
Ever stop and ask yourself, WHY?
Start drafting your resignation tweet.
Brilliant observation- gllad you agree with the #fakenews media experts. Note: the same experts say climate change is a significant factor.
I called the FBI and made a report about what happened to my boyfriend please help us trump
I think it's the largest recorded anywhere EVER
See the correlation? More co2 in the air, higher temps, bigger hurricanes?  Do you even know what correlation means? #presidentdumbass
Enough with the exclamation marks!!!!!!
As you fight for us, we are here fighting for you!!!
You should have gone into meteorology rather than politics. You’d still be a disaster, but affect far fewer people.
You're the largest disaster for America EVER
You don't know the name SAD! And it doesn't look like, do you not watch the news it is the strongest hurricane in the Atlantic. Pathetic!
Yes - But let’s not talk about the scientific evidence of global warming, right?  #InconvenientTruth
If warm air rising causes it can't the USAF seed it with liquid nitrogen
Obsession with size is a symptom of small penis syndrome.
Ride their collective asses they need to get something accomplished!
A Chinese hoax huh  I pray for all Americans 
When are you going to start taking #climatechange seriously? #parisclimateagreement
Yes, because nature itself hates you.
This is your fault!
Donald J.Trump looks like largest douche ever recorded in the White House!
Is climate change real?
Your presidency is a disaster.  You are illegitimate and deserve to be in prosecuted for Treason.  Don Jr. first tho...
it is. Just evacuated fla. we evacuated tx, went to fla. LOL now back in la. on our way home to tx.
I'm in Fort Lauderdale 
Hunkered down going to ride it out
what r u doing in Ft.Lauderdale?  never mind.  our relatives didn't leave Naples. they never saw a hurricane before don't know what'll happe
Si lo es por eso hay que extremar cuidados
@realDonaldTrump knows I'm THICC 
But climate change is still a "hoax, made up by China" according to you and your lackeys like Tillerson (until too late) and Pruitt. #resign
On the brink of yet another historic environmental disaster you quote scientists, yet still don't listen to them about global warming?
You should go hold down Mira Lago. Bye.
pendejo

Wow
Nobody will criticize you if you decided to play golf this weekend at Mar-A-Lago. You've earned it. #Irma2017 #NoOneLikesYou
Yes, not fake news! It's called Irma FYI

#25thAmendmentNow #LiarInChief #WorstPOTUSinHistory
Keep in mind that people will likely die from the ferocity of this storm. Please temper your excitement, science denier. It's unseemly.
Yet you still think global warming isn't real. Please explain to me how it isn't after seeing this.
This grammar... OMG
God will not have any false god's before him
 PrayingForEastCoast #Irma
#Karma
Depends on definition of "largest" @philklotzbach can help: https://webcms.colostate.edu/tropical/media/sites/111/2017/09/Hurricane-Irma-Records.pdf …
Courtesy of climate change deniers like yourself.
Keep close watch commander
Oh really? I wonder why? Idiot
.@realDonaldTrump problem isn't Trump, Democrats, politics or red meat issues. Focus on Divest or Decay #CorpXit
2 things, grifter:
1) today is a great day to release your tax returns. 
2) President Obama is better than you in every way possible.
yeah, climate change is funny that way. Maybe when mar a lago gets wiped out you'll take it seriously.
why would anyone be *excited* about this? (!)
Omg no way! Tell us something we don't know  better yet, stop with all your BS, you suck.
Why do you seem so excited?
I have the best hurricanes, the biggest. Much better than the fake news will tell you
Nope.  That's just your fat ego!
CLIMATE CHANGE!!!!!!
So how do you feel about #ClimateChange now @realDonaldTrump ?
Irma & Harvey will be part of your chaotic history.Treason with Russia, Bigotry, DACA, inciting racial tensions, jail...
A bit like yourself then full of wind and pish.
Too bad your not at Mar-a-lago and get killed in the hurricane- that would be great!
so what about the warming of the gulfstream? #climatechange  ,anyone? Mr Trump? Are you linking the dots?
You're such a child.
YOU ARE THE BIGGEST DISASTER EVER TO LEAD OUR COUNTRY....FOOL
You like huge hurricanes? Keep burning coal.
Why is it always about size with you Donnie?  It's really not normal.
