By telling hurricane victims at a shelter "Have a good time"?
Great job Mr. President. Be careful the devil is out in full force and dividing the country even more.
Amen

We were with you Mr President yesterday, with you today, & will be with you tomorrow as you work to heal Texas & the country #TexasStrong
God bless you Mr. President!!
We are all with you! Thanks for bringing honor and integrity back to the office of the Presidency. #TexasStrong #MAGA #GodBlessAmerica
A mr. President we know these are not just political words that you are speaking you mean it from the heart we love you POTUS󾓦󾓦
Thank you Mr. President Trump for your visit.
God is guiding the hand of President Trump.
Thank you, Mr. President!!!
Well Americans are, trump not so much

Thank You from Texas 
Your most welcome lone star state. God Bless.
Thank You 
The time to say all of this - with sincerity - was the day the hurricane hit.
No, you have to get reviews, the feedback, the criticism and THEN you redirect and go for the photo ops. Cmon now
Silly me, I forgot the Loser's Method of public interaction.
We r with you in Texas and thank u @POTUS 4 your direction & @FLOTUS 4 your being there 2 ! We <3 Texas 2!  Go USA! We r stronger together!
What about Montana being on fire? Any support there?
And that my friends is how you MAGA!
Good.
Thank you for being right there for the people...
Thanks sir
Bravo!!  President Trump you make us all proud, Sir!
Don't let them think you are key to their recovery, because impeachment day is coming. IMPEACHMENT DAY!!!!!!
It's alright saying you'll be there after, but why not before when you knew what was coming??
God bless and sustain the rescue efforts in Texas. Prayers and donations on this National Day of Prayer. #TexasStrong #MAGA
Anything done by @Potus will be for @pouts.  He is a grandstander that only knows self serving #opportunism @HandmaidsOnHulu #jihadist #fake
Thank you Mr. President!!!
Except that your budget cuts funds to help them???

You know, we still haven't seen that million dollar check down here in Texas. We could really use it now, @potus. Lots of displaced ppl.

Thank you, and God bless you Mr. President
I am so proud of @potus Trump and @Flotus Trump...for the first time in 24 years. God bless them for restoring our faith in US.
Help needed in Alvin Texas also
FEMA is telling people in Rockport that has damage to items in there homes that they are fine and can be used i thought FEMA washere to help
What about Montana? Our state has been of fire for two months. Ranchers lost all of the feed for their animals. How about a million for us?
Why is there a video of you, coming out of a plane? Why not show the wonderful average Americans, helping each other during this crisis?
Please #EndDACA  California down south have illegals running the cities , they hate us .. please stop them from ushering communism 

Thank you for caring. We love our president.
Have you paid your $1M over yet?
TRUMP: Hey, pal, it's been >week, still waiting for that $1M you promised. -Texas
(Or was that yet ANOTHER lie?)
You're bad at this #Resign
maybe cutting funds to FEMA and EPA was a bad idea. Deregulation of building permits contributes to massive floods. Hello??
Is anybody there? Earth to Trump!!
If you think that Donald trump actually cares about Houston you are so delusional he is only making himself look good Texas is ok
"Mr.President.WE..UR.SUPPORT.4.USA.BUT.WHEN.
…http://25.TWENTY.FIVE.PERCENT.Mx.R.ALLOWED.2.OVER.RUN .R.
BORDERS.WOUT.RESPECT.PROBLEM."
.IS.AGAINST.1.WORLD.GOV.".? ..."?.
"…http://Over.the.Last.FOUR.DECADES.REP.ESTABLISHMENT.HAS.BETRAYED.AMERICAN.WORKERS.W.OPEN.BORDER.IMMIGRA.AND.TRADE .THIS.HAS.BEEN.
"…http://THE.CRIME.OF.THE.CENTURY.AMERICAN.CITIZEN.JOBS .OPPORTUNITY.
http://FOR.WORK ."...."MY.GRANDPA.REQUIRDED.SPSR.".?
Then where's your $1m check you promised?
You are the worst leader of any country in modern history. An epic failure.
Leave North Korea alone while we rebuild before you get us all killed
Don't you know that #Republicans love to feed the war machine & #military industrial complex?
Thank you trump, I actually am grateful for you helping
@barushka36 Has Texas death row been affected ?
Not sure how to answer that, but I'm sure there's plenty on it who're innocent anyway, though the judges would never admit it.
My Grandmother and Grandfather crossed into America paid and worked hard and most of all loved America.
Keep up the good work Mr. President despite all the resistance
One nation under God! So grateful for our wonderful president! God bless the USA!
Mr. President, you are setting high hurdles for future Western World Leaders. Eg. Keep the Promise, Zero Salary, Donate to those in Need. 
i love my mexican
What if they are undocumented? Seems unclear, but I bet you won't  #pleasebespecific
Comments on here to guy trying to do good by his country are embarrassing. Should be renamed devided states of America certainly not United
FLOTUS Great job Daddy & Mommy! Only prob. Isn't Texas coast on FLOOD PLAINS? Wouldn't it be better to move them out of area? Just sayn
Pray

WHERE"S THAT $Million you pledged?! Huh?
Second trip after your FAILED first one?  I missed the ad.  How much did you pay for "supporters"?  LOL
Until this guy's guys take me away
Your 1 million $  pledge will help ... you are going to *actually* give the money, right? Unlike the kids with AIDS pledge?
Thank you Mr. TRUMP. Show them how a real administration deals with a disaster!
#GodBlessPresidentTrump
Meanwhile on earth @JJWatt is actually doing something besides photo ops.
They are still waiting for the donation you promised them.  Or will you reneg on that promise, too?  SAD
nothing "the Donald". likes better then construction
My heartfelt sympathy to you.
Thank you President Trump & First Lady Melania for visiting & supporting our Texas. We love you & God bless you. #MAGA
Obama is laughing at u
True that
How is @Impeach_D_Trump always on top of the list when Trolling TRUMP ! These trump trolls need to get a real job and a life !
Still wondering why @realDonaldTrump @POTUS hasn't extradited Soros to countries with warrants for him?? These Trolls won't get paid anymore
Hell yeah !
Thinks the Texas mess can be cleaned up in 6 months? 5 years since hurricane Sandy in NJ & there are still people displaced
The boardwalk burned down where it was fixed because wiring that needed to be replaced after salt water damage, wasn't done.
Governor Christie was more concerned about the boardwalk than he was with getting people back in their homes.
Does anyone else get tired of the constant negative comments to everything President Trump does? He's our President show some respect !
Except for the DACA kids. We're gonna kick them out of the country. But, hey, we'll be with the worthy! #ImpeachTrump
Imagine that! A President who is PROUD of his citizens and who doesn't insult the country he leads!
We are with you!
Like you going to lift an actual hand to help. Physical labor? LOL . ; @NewsLycaness ; @zeitgeistbabe ;@HillaryClinton
Bon courage au Texas !
Wow amazing Godbless you
Love our country. Respect our elected president. #MAGA45
Thank you for coming! Praying for you from Texas Gulf Coast! The best POTUS ever!! 
Thank you! United we stand! God bless the USA! 
I LOVE YOU POTUS!!!!! KEEP ON MAGA!!!!!!!
I hope he's the real deal!
Thank-You Mr Trump I live in Robstown Texas west of Corpus Christi Texas.
Great!
thank you!
Great
GOD BLESS YOU SIR AND THANK YOU TEXAS LOES YOU MR. PRESIDENT AND SO DO I
Thank you so much President Trump . We appreciate your prayers, and we will continue to pray for you!! 
Unless we have to focus on deporting young adults who have known no other home. Then you and those in Irma's path won't be the focus.
Stay away from Texas
Amazing you've done everything to help not hinder and response time is overwhelming
Will not forget Russia you criminal.
Obama did better than u last summer by almost 200k jobs. You're weak.
Never again shall any state and their citizens be punished for their political choices during this administration! Unlike the last one...
How many DACA Dreamers in Texas
@Alpha2468 we expect more than this word the whole world is expecting your signature in natural preservation of globe!
Thank you for all you do. #MAGA
Unless your parents brought you here illegally, in which case he means none of this toward you.
Trump, you MUST return 2 UR campaign agenda...NOW, PERIOD.  NO MATTER WHAT.

thank you
Yeah Texas is thrilled u left your signature on the wall instead of on a check. Oldorangeassbufoon #thecheckisinthemail.
I love u for ur passion u show texas people nd I love also ur wife,she stood by u
Unless you're a #Dreamer in which case you're fucked.
SEE TRUMP & @FLOTUS getting better every day at doing near perfectly what needs to be done. @USUN @USDA @CommerceGov @brithume @VP
Texas, I hear #45 is taking your money for the wall. He's a politician, not a humanitarian.
And the dreamers are the ones rebuilding.
Back for photos...
Are they going to get the money they will need?
Great sir ...
Rip those lost their loved ones ..
Nd pray god plz give them strength
As a HOUSTONIAN I can say @POTUS visit was absolutely wonderful. We appreciate all you have done. And all you will do to help us. #MAGA
True presiden
And what about #DACA folks saving lives there? What about all those people.
Give them the million you promised them then!
Umm I don't think #nasa or anyone is really with you if they caused this or allowed it to cause billions in damages for #texas and soon #NYC

 Scott Pruitt seems to need to be told to do his job. Give him a call and tell him "Do Your Job!!! 

#Harvey #EPA 
Ongoing to September days. I hope we'll stand together here & on FoxNew for the 9/11 Anniversary. To never forget
We're w you too. Keep up the good work!
That's a good president response!!!
Look, Melania has new sneakers!
This old ass con man is such a lier hurry Muller hurry!!!
outstanding
@Candis_Collins
Except when you're golfing, right?
You need to look at some calm and rational science: https://skepticalscience.com/  #ClimateChange #HurricaneHarveyRelief
Thank u
I am proud of everyone who can put their opinions and differences aside and come together to help those in need.
We are with you too President Trump!!!  #MAGA
I'm genuinely surprised to see that Oxford comma but no "heel" so clearly not written by DT
TRUMP, ALL YOU CAN SEE IS THE MONEY IN IT FOR YOURSELF, IF YOU CAN BE PART OF THE RECONSTRUCTION PROCESS, YOU, OR YOUR FAMILY'S!
Until you're arrested!
Screw you Donald J Trump!!!

I am alpha and omega the beginning and the end!!!! K-LOVE Amen!!!
And vote. Because that's all u care about really isn't it.
Lmj
I hope the families receive the money and supplies collected on their behalf. May God Have Mercy On Our Souls...
DID YOU WRITE YOUR CHECK YET?
Xin chia sẻ cùng người dân texas. chúng tôi luôn ở bên các bạn.
Thanks
Careful to not forget to tie one of your shoes Mr. President. It will become front page news. "Trump dresses like homeless person" MSM SAD
Every person that stands in line to shake your hand is complicit in your vengeful, hateful, narcissistic attempt at being president. Goodbye
If the plane crash I will be so happy
That's OK. We got this.
I see wifey has on those size 13.5 tennis shoes this time.  Impeach you already
WOW, maybe people are right. Maybe you truly are a narcissist. You sure love those pictures and videos OF YOU!
Pretending you give a rat's ass about these victims is so transparent. Your visit brought happiness? To people who lost all? #Narcissism
The Americas Free Trade Deal like North American Free Trade Deal.
Commonly heard after a one-night stand.  Pass the cake.
It seems Americans are in civilised, all time, hatred spent on President Trump
NON LIBERALS, Don't COMMENT ON LIBERAL THREADS, IT ONLY HELPS THEM MOVE TO THE TOP OF THE THREADS, IGNORE EVIL! 
Mr. President, Don't let the LOSERS get under your skin. Just remember. They have NO LIFE... They have NO LIFE... Thank you 
Sent money immediately those PPL
Lose everything,you are evil
Undocumented are not going
To shelter afraid that you deport 
Them,/KARMA
Let's see how much money this will cost see if you keep giving them money or when they won't vote for your policy's and you stop helping sir
The haters are few. America is with you
Why can't we have this attitude n get water system in third world countries
After witnessing first hand the ridiculous attempts by Trump to photo op Hurricane Harvey, my heart goes out to the great people of Texas!
Thank God for President Trump or the people of Texas, Florida would still be waiting for help!!!
Thank you President Trump for working quickly and efficiently with the flood victims.  The news doesn't cover it of course...but you ROCK!!!
Look at our beautiful class act First Lady! She makes us so proud !!!God has extended MERCY to US fellow Americans. You better keep praying
Funny statement considering your issue with going the distance - you have failed with wives, businesses & cabinet. Will this be different?
Believe him? He only lies on average 6 times a day to us! Our Liar in Chief has come to Houston to get video for his political ads! #Resist
Just keep running your mouth. You're going to screw this up so badly (bigly).
What a con-man.
No. Both horrible.
