New phone who dis.
Really? and your twitter account didn´t work to send a condolence message to your neighbors after the earthquake ?
You have to dial 9 for an outside line, honey
Someone finally told him he needed to reply to the Mexican people for their very generous offer
3 day no cell.  Liar. . So sorry Mexico. We are not like our looser president. We are sorry about the earthquake. Love M
He is a pathological liar and he believes his own lies. #NotMyPresident
You couldn't find the time to send them a tweet, but you have the time to tweet about ESPN. You're mad because they won't pay for the wall.
Wow.  Was your ability to tweet token rhetoric on this topic impaired for 3 days also?
No you just were caught up in your own ego....And worried about the important things...ESPN ratings, crowd size, etc
Fun fact, Mexico has other phones. Comrade.
You mad bro?
Not at you. Never at you. Well, except when you bro me.
And even then... still not that mad.
Of course not. 
WHILE YOU AT IT ,,INCREASE ALL BORDER FEES 
ANYTHING THAT COMES ACROSS MEXICOS BORDER ,,HAS TO PAY A FEE ,
ALL FREIGHT 
VISITORS 
TRUCKS ,
You're the worst POTUS in history. Bad for our allies. Bad for America. Resign.
sure you did
Twitter was working just fine. You could have sent a message to the world and I'm sure it would have gotten back to him. Liar!
Chinga tú puta madre
Do you not understand these kinds of lies are easily fact-checked? A chronic liar as POTUS. You put your country in danger every single day.
Oh girl - I try SO hard to not attack him in a personal way, but it is definitely getting harder each day!!!
I keep thinking its some kind of a test!!!!!
Like he gives a shit whether you call or not.
We don't need fake condolences. Especially from you. Keep them. 
Next time send a carrier pigeon. Or a message in a bottle. Write it in the sky. Or ask Trudeau to say, "Trump is sorry, too," when he calls.
Spoke to president of Mexico... he says he still won't pay for my imaginary wall.
Really, maybe we should build some cell towers on top of the wall. You know, to help relations.
Lol he saw your number dude....he is not going to answer it. Your acting like a bill collector..."Pay for MY wall"  LOL. No ones home
Why didn’t you tweet him. Like you do every fucking thing else. God you’re so bad at lying.
Good job! I use the same excuse with my wife...when I'm out with my friends 
You tweet everything uncontrollably so this is another lie. You're just bitter because Mexico Pres. wouldn't lie about the wall like you did
You know we will find out you are lying about this.  The earthquake was 7 days ago. Why couldn't you get him the other 4 days? Just curious.
Maybe the Mexican President has ur number call blocked! No, seriously, it took u this long? Ur deplorable!
Do you know how to tell the truth about anything?
Or.....he doesn't have time for your nonsense and he's just ignoring your calls. 

@mexico #Mexico
His Twitter account was active throughout. Might be one way to communicate. For future reference.
Wait... this is a joke right?
PFFFFFFTTTTT!!!!
LIAR! 
#Liar. A tweet would have sufficed.
Unable to reach the president of Mexico because of cell reception? Unable to reach because you forgot to give a shit about brown people.
Ha ha ha, you sure it was his reception......?
Liar
Hahaha. That's what they told you. He has a Sat phone. He clearly does not want to hear from you.
He probably saw who was calling and decided not to answer.
Yeah, I'm sure that's the reason.  
Why didn't you just tweet your condolences?
Lol dude try harder, thought u were the potus, satellite phones exist
He's prob ignoring your call
Maybe he was ignoring you for three days and then had to answer to get rid of you?
Other instances you should have made a statement: When Mexico offered immediate assistance #Harvey, which was made by Tillerson.. NOT YOU
considering your preferred communication platform is Twitter, why didn't you tweet at him, you tweet at everyone else?
Maybe because of NO RECEPTION
Trump's every tweet is splashed across tv news, newspapers & radio almost instantly
Mexico sent food,a medical ship,search and rescue teams during Katrina.They are helping us now,why haven't you mentioned it.?Why wont you?
Jajajajaja.  Que no jalaba el celular  dice. 
Y un mensaje solidario por twitter...? 
Digo.  Pa que lo viera @EPN a los 3 días ya con señal
entonces como hubiera servido un lote de telefonos satelitales, digo, ya que no mando ni una pala para ayudar jajaja
#UnfollowTrump #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportRacist #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportMisogynist #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportThisPOTUS #StopHisPopularity
Not true, another lie

He was screening his calls.
My dog ate my tweet.
He was screening his calls
Your pants are on fire sir.
#liarliar
LoL. Sure. Let's go with that
Pretty lame excuse
You just can't stop lying.  Pathetic.
Or because he has no desire to speak with you
I'm sure President Enrique Pena does not want your apologies.
Either that or caller ID.
Chinga tu madre ma freeeeeeen... inche guerejo puñetero
You are John Wayne of tweets and now ur a lil slow on the draw there ol fella!
this is the most "the dog ate my homework" excuse I have ever heard. I'm certain that two PRESIDENTS could get in contact if they wanted to.
Spoke or tried calling? FYI +521 then the phone Number.
If you are explaining, you are lying.
The biggest crock of horseshit yet from you, Racist Traitor. Well, aside from the wall, healthcare, Hillary, and the rest of your lies.

Yeah, reception. That's why he didn't want to talk to you. Sure.
Goes to show us all- our President does NOT give up!
Really?  We are to believe this?  Sad
One of the qualities I admire most in you is how defensive you are!!!!!
That is so sad! Prayers for the People!
That whole 'my phone had no signal thing' - Don, mate, I think he's moved on.
Could have gotten it out sooner. There's always a way.
What are your thoughts about @realDonaldTrump 's claims that President of Mexico was unreachable for 3 days because of cell service?
That would be like me giving you condolences on the terrible lowest approval ratings ever, as I do the happy dance after hanging up.
unless you didn't vote for him then you can all be washed out to sea for all he cares.
Hills & hugs baby!!! @Nov_ProjectCAN #yeg #justshowup
Maybe he's just not that into you?
Was it a morse code conversation you had through the wall?
You are si just a transparent liar!! You said nothing and did  nothing and offered no help b/c ur a white supremacist! Now try 2 fire me!!
You should read that book "He's Just  Not That Into You.  Will Answer many obvious questions. By Greg Behrendt and Liz Tucillo
Cellphone reception is still doing fine by the way
#putitdown
Maybe his check is still in the mail for the wall. The only thing worse than Mexican cell reception is their postal service
Wow trump you speak2Mexicans?After your RACISTremarks HATEspeeches deportations,lies theft fear mongering campaign?You trump are a Hypocrite
He didn't want to talk to you, don't you get it!!
The president of Mexico has no satellite phone? Maybe he could borrow one from a Drug Lord.
Or maybe he's still laughing about your promise to the American people that Mexico would pay for the wall!
I don't believe a single word out of your lying mouth, or your lying Twitter finger. LIAR!!!
Or maybe he had caller ID and saw it was you calling.
Sherrie Whaley dropping the mic!
LOL!!
Bullshit!
He offered you help after the hurricanes. Did you offer him help or as for money for the wall?
Maybe he had something better to do than take the call of someone who insults his country.
Do you think his unique ringtone for you is Beck's "Loser" so he knows when to immediately hit "ignore"?
#NoWall #ScreeningYourCalls
 maybe your last conversation with "wall" he just put you to VM
Will somebody please remove your phone from your hand. It's just embarrassing! #potus #FakeNews #presidentfuckwit
对可怕的灾难表示心痛与悲哀.
No landline? For someone that's lied every day of his life you're not very good at it. LOSER!
Bullshit
#ismellbullshit #alittletoolate @twwnaz @WLiberals

liar!!
Why should we believe the leaders of 2 neighboring countries wouldn't be able to communicate for 3 days It's 2017! Pathetic liar!
Hombres not taking your calls? I don't blame them, you've been an ass.
Singular respuesta del Presidente, problemas de comunicación, quizas uno de los dos bloqueo al otro. Uno con un muro, el otro con su mobil
Bullshit.
He just didn't want to waste time by talking to you.
wow, you said that like you have never prolonged a response to a tragic event. #Charlottesville #Heather  #WhiteSupremacy
Maybe it was the Wall blocking the signal!! He saw your digits on his phone and thought "no mas" and hit the no answer button.
Another lie. Seems you've finally decided to start listening to Kelly tho
Where is your "card" about condolences to Mexico? Did your printer run out of ink?
Total BS ! Your mad at him bc he exposed you lying about Mexico paying for your wall Humpty Dumpty!
get that wall up faster - you want to keep all those pesky mexicans with no homes from flooding into our home-having place (sarcasm)
@POTUS  Sure another fake call or b/s propaganda dt's  such a liar a bigot & traitor  2 r country He nns 2 step down & MAGA  #TrumpResign
W\o mm@ _n ha rr
Awww, I don't trust you.
...Mexico does NOT want to hear from you! Are you insane? They play pin the wig on the Donald!
Maybe could have tweeted your condolences 3 days ago.. You tweet everything else. Why not something positive and uplifting to out neighbors?
Liar, liar, liar, liar, liar.
Bullshit.
You are the president of the United States. You sound like a fifth grader explaining how the dog ate your homework. Fucking nightmare.
And of course Twitter wasn't available to you either
How was grade school today donny?
President of Mexico
Yea right. How convenient
Send the good damn army and help those people and quit being such a bigot!
No one believes you anymore. You only say what is expedient to whatever your goal is in the moment. You have lost the confidence of the US.
Of course, there is this...
no one believes you
So... the president really sounds like a mid-school boy with this lousiest and ludicrous answer... and he's still on the chair?
Good grief!  After all this time this is the best you can do!?!  I've heard 4 yr olds make up better, believable, excuses.  #deplorable
Liar.
except that the earthquake happened on Sep 7th...so that's a week, not 3 days #BecauseMathIsHard
Sure. And Im guessing you haven't donated that million to Texas yet cause the banks are closed

You can't even remember his name, can you?
After an earthquake and a hurricane and Trump's failure to send condolences, Mexico rescinds offer of aid to U.S.
And your dog ate the script. And an alien stole your phone. And Ivanka was sick so you had to stay home. Preznit pants-on-fire!
presiden ting for dummies
Pres. Nieto: New phone, who dis?
You'd think someone who #Lies as much as yourself could put  forth a better effort. Sad !
Improve cell service towers please
Honestly??!!! Please. Just. Stop.  
Yeah. Because the only way to reach a President of a country is by his cell phone. Okay Donald.
Oh God,.. please send a lightening bolt to strike him down already...
Riiiiiiiight.

You are so bad at lying. It would be comical if you were not the leader of this country.

Oh he used that old excuse! He just didn't want to talk to you Don Don
Funny but I don't remember seeing your timely condolence tweet...

He blocked your number
Hahahahahahaha! That's what they told you, is it?
You are lying as usual.
Pants on fire!
Call me a rapist,a thief,and a drug dealer,after helping America in every catastrophe.i wouldn't ever answer you,cause yur a fake president
And that million you promised Texas, the check must be in the mail.
Lol@blaming it on cellphone problems. The WH has the best technology in the world. Do u really think anyone believes this lame excuse?
They don't want to talk to you. All you do is kiss your own ass, which I would think impossible with your head so far up inside it.
Mexican pres was sending trump calls to voicemail. Take Putin's d**k out of your mouth for a sec & call me. Concerned @ your mental health

You tried... moving on... continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT again!
You're a lying jerk.
Will you apologize for calling Mexicans rapists and murders?  Doubt it why should they respond to you when you insult them.
I call bullshit.  Even if you couldn't get in touch with him by phone, there's this thing you are addicted to called TWITTER! Nothing said.
No you didn't.
#FakeNews  FAKE NEWS!
I'm sure that's why......


Nah man. He just ignores your calls. Also I heard your hands are tiny

BS. You were shamed into calling after it was pointed out you looked like an asshole.
Bullshit
