the UN voted to implement the new sanctions on n. Korea. Good move. This shows that trump NEEDS THE HELP OF THE UN IN BIG EMERGENCIES. Trump alienated the UN with his Jerusalem mandate. Trump cannot alienate the world like bush did. We need their help in war time
whose fault is it?
I think what trump is doing the right thing North Korea need to stop what they are doing you think they wood have learned we wont put up with there shit look back what happened before
"Tell trump life story." - http://payworthiest.com 
Speaking of #sanctions voted with an overwhelming #bipartisan majority, when are you enforcing the new #russia #sanctions?

Are you waiting for #putin to say it's ok or to see #Mueller #indict a few more of your co-conspirators?
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North ...
Mr trump how do you fly like an eagle with all these dam turkeys around
Donald trump I made 400000000000 and giving it to my cousin know the answer to aids
Do not leave your back door open if you don't want intruders in your home. Investigate that dji company you will be surprise of the findings
They infect many people phone and pc with data collecting apps. Sending videos back to china of your people and systems....
They where caught they did not want to hand over the memory stick. They even made fake security pass. Ban that dji company...
Dji drones. They are owned by china government. They use a dji s800 drone to spy on space x some years ago with an American name Collin.....
Dji drone, sell in America take American money back to china and spy on the nation at the same time. Not good sanction that company DJI....
Dji drone spies in the sky for china and the north. Ban dji drone from USA sanction

yes, THAT IN LOVE with RUSSIA (August 6, 2017; 21:22 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #RUSSIA #FAIL
he would have supported RUSSIA even if they voted AGAINST north korea sanctions (8/6/17; 21:22 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #RUSSIA #FAIL
let's mention..., (August 6, 2017; 21:22 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #RUSSIA #FAIL
not much difference between....(August 6, 2017; 21:22 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
here's the thing .(August 6, 2017; 21:22 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
HE'S "very impressed with 15-0 vote 2 PUNISH???...(August 6, 2017; 21:22 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
OF COURSE, it's a "FAIL" (August 6, 2017; 21:22 EDT) #NORTHKOREANUKES #NORTHKOREA #FAIL
talking re (August 6, 2017; 21:22 EDT) #NORTHKOREANUKES #NORTHKOREA #FAIL
that's obvious trump still intresting of the koreans and let the important things to the destiny
Ya es hora de intervenir a Venezuela por favor no estan matando de hambre y asesinatos ayuda se lo pido presidente
That's so good to know!
Thanks for the sanctions against the American people by allowing the Federal Reserve to unlawfully manipulate up the stock market.
What a joke. Only 15 votes?
Don't cause a WWIII
Keep up the good work President Trump
I just completed a call to your mum
#POTUSDonaldTrump #HomeFront
A vote in UN has no value. It was 75yrs ago when UN voted on Kashmir; 75yrs later the region still divided; ruled by China, India & Pakistan
We do not need sanctions, we need to bomb N.Korea! They are a cray nation, and will launch a bomb!!!
Worst president in US history! You suck Trump!
you know very well that N.Korea could care less about sanctions. We need to show him what a real nuke can do, if he lives!!
Did he moon you?
You the tough guy ???
White supremacist should have to register like sex offenders
Just attack already. Enough with the rethoric. You ain't fooling no one.
Sanctions will do nothing as a deterent. Drastic action is needed now, in a year it will be too late.
red is
red blu
If he has brain n his head he is scared 2 death ur mouth is going 2 get his country bomb & millions die. Pl shut up & let someone else lead.
very happy right. Now let’s see how many of them will support you if you started a war.
McConnell could do with an injection of your energy!
Good job. Hang in there
敢问现在哪国能离开中国？离开就是死路一条。
Mr President your doing as any sane person with a back bone would do. So proud to have a President again we can be proud of
Mr Preaident Trump:
You can't change a idiot to see light!!
I know you must TRY!
Thank you for your service to our Great Country! 
Get rest
You still know how to use a phone without sounding like a spiked rich kid? Maybe that's why you like North Korea  so much; Putin too #dumb
LET MAKE THE WORLD GREAT AGAIN! CHANGE THE REGIME OF NORTH KOREA!!!   That family has already done their damage!
The economy is continuing to grow based on President Obama's coattails. Trump you have had NOTHING to do with it.
You're going to get us all killed.
I don't believe you because every word that comes out of your mouth is a lie
that's great I'm glad we have a president that has the fortitude and courage to do something than roll over and play dead! Glad I voted 4 u
How is President Moon doing these days?
Tell him hello!! Glad your making friends...
How's he feeling now as you continue to escalate?
https://twitter.com/stockmonsterus …  Some 18+ years ago media wanted his option.. Now they attack DJT for doing something about North Korea.
Liking our strong President. Reminds me of JFK and the Cuban Crisis.
Good communication that is firm but fair
They bark more than bite
Probably big lies again not thing that's comes out his mouth is true . You lie so much that you believe your self
Trump would poop in his panties
if he fired an  ICBM @ N.Korea &
@ the same time China fired
one @ the U.S.. Find another
path Orangeman.
@POTUS over 70 staff laid off from #JWUUnversity factors include your chilling effect on internat students and devos higher ed policies
I hetbhe lives you threatening to drop nukes on him too good job
U r fixing the mess left behind by Pervy Bill. All the best for you, Mr PRESIDENT.
get the navy off the coast of N Korea
USA being baited to Korea. Putin/Iran/China stock piling Korea. Who cares a rats ass about Korea. Looks miserable cult status, tiny balls :(
Korea is not our fight. Putin would love to involve USA in fight, same as Syria. Obama did not take the bait, same as we should not bite now
Donny. This vote is not an endorsement of your policies so don't spin it like that.
There is only way to stop Nth Korea is for China to invade. The world would live with this China expansion, inc South Korea would be safer.
If we make it to 2018 without starting a nuclear Holocaust I'm going to cash in my 401k and quit my job. It will definitely happen in 2018.

Chuk Norris hat schon bis zu Unendlich gezehlt, zwei mahl,
Donald Trump hat schon bis zu 15 gezählt fast so gut.#schönböse
you told him you gonna drop a bomb on his head ?
Peace is much important in the world .but north korea doing out of control.
Stay tough Mr. President.  You're exactly what our country has needed for years.
Checking 2 see if So. Korea could use a new golf course funded by PUTIN.
and then you opened your mouth and ruined everything.
you know good and well he is scared to death. he is closest to that maniac to the north

You are not only a Con Man and the worse President in US History, you are a danger to world peace.  Resign!!!
So you're bullying NK but buddy Putin gets a free pass for hacking your election? ?  Wtf ???
These sanctions aren't tough enough to discourage this tyrant. Might cause more suffering for the people, but not him
Wait was this call in between you call to the Boy Scouts and the call to the president of Mexico. The ones where they called BS on your lies
WWIII -  On YOUR SHOULDERS. A nuclear war will be your only legacy!
Could you be there w/people of US territory Guam if/when NK strikes? Do you have a plan to keep them safe, or just rhetoric to rile him up?
Why not declare Kim JungEn a terrorist, and send drones to kill him?
You just need to keep your mouth shut and stop making idle threats
If u evr get chance 2talk 2Kim Jong-un, please ask him what the D in DPRK stands 4? Whats his definition of Democracy, or is it just 4 show?
Think sbout N-K people who had suffered so much for their dictator. Do they need to pay for even this?? Aren't they suffered enough?
6 mos. in office,  u mk nuke threats which is incredibly foolish,  dangerous,unnecessary. Send  tillerson to TALK tough/offer carrots. STOP.
while u mk very dangerously childish threats to a fellow  lunatic. Send an EMISSARY to No.Korea/tillerson - tough talk, offer carrots.
Your language is horrible u cannot fire senators, you MUST WORL WITH THEM, as well as the NK issue, ur getting us to a dangerous point!!
Cool story bro
Thank you,  Mr President

I praise your strength, and you have shown it, time and time again, but can I ask?, a speech on NK' s inability to hit us, "HI" only panikng

Hearing a lot of worries in N.D. Not hearing we will knock NK missiles out of air, no worries and stressing that fact, speech needed to calm
Ciao
pass this AwareTHEYEVIL-FALSE-FLAG #wethepeople alertBoutGuam 
Psalm94-12-23 
#peace @FLOTUS   @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @SteveKBannon
Read my article
Please stop being an utter embarrassment and ruining the US relations around the entire world. Put Kelly's leash back on your mouth.
Was this call like your calls to president of Mexico and Australia?  you have zero credibility at this point!
Oh how stupid you're!!!!
You will get real fire and fury in YOUR USA!!!
Resign

Please do not make any kind of "crooked" deal with that crazy NK leader.  All talk and no action.  Make him squirm.
End sanctions and invite people to talk face to face, humanely, that is humans potential vs profit over weapons of war as you cause fear.
Stop cocking around. Leave the insular basin hair cut knobber alone. I don't really fancy WW3 after the lessons of WW1 and WW2 do you?
Don't seem/feel right about Korea, Kim is being to sure about himself like something/one got his back, this may be a setup to take downPOTUS
So?
Somebody tell this idiot to step aside and let Kelly run the Presidency. Kelly has already accomplished more than Trump in a week!!
What did you beg him to hide to not show your incompetence? World leaders are laughing. Why can you not see that?  Thank god for Mueller.
No! They were  laughing when puppet boy allowed N. Korea to build nuclear weapons. Iran when he released Billions $ an build Nuclear bombs
at least I have a college education and an advanced degree-jealous?
Never Jealous!  Attempted to train college grads.  They didn't want to do the work.  Wanted big money little work!

@POTUS I support you Mr Trump but please act with diplomacy regarding North Korea. Do not act on your emotions. God bless 

FLY PATERNS OVER JAPAN TO GUAM -since last test that was 10min from a plane flight? Satellite to ground transmitions? SightCorrections?
Possible tragectory fixes from last test over japan - COULD LAND ANYWHERE THEORETICALLY - what do you think ???  Fire toward Austrilis ???
their going to test - how did noone in region not know this was coming - especiall US ???  TO many secret servers ? What a messleft!
Why we need media that really matters !!!
Read Ephesians 4: 1-3 and apply daily as we #Deplorables pray for and with you. Amen
HOW COULD ANYONE SIT BY FOR THE 8YRS OF OB/clintons and not recognize the dangers growing - impossible !!!
We all know the sanctions dont work.  U. Helpless against dictators and human rights violators.  Slap wrist.
You actually passed something with a vote? Or was there an executive order #FailureTrump #LameDuckDonald
He has no choice whatyou spoke to him. He ignored you always.
WAS THE PHONE CALL REAL OR FAKE
Are you sure that call really happened, or did it occur in your head?
Can you call directly North Korea? maybe a point to solve this? there is still hope for peace and to invert the situation
U sure this isn't "FAKE NEWS", oh wait, if YOU said it, it must be true..not
How is he now?
Sanctions are a joke, this little f__k needs to be liquefied
You should trow a nuke in the yellow sea , close enough so they can the the mushroom in pyongyang, without damaging anything.
Wonder if he'll be as happy when his people are in the front lines of an ill thought-out nuclear war.
Mr President, I am sure you will never read this because you get so many Tweets, But i want to tell you you are doing a great job. Thank You
BAHAHAHA. Were the @boyscouts and Police departments on the call with you? LIAR!

Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiight. Your twitter is fake news your orange potato
Dear Mr Presiden, PLEASE don't cause a Third World War. The USA will never win a nuclear war. It's going to be the end of our World
Did he ask you when you might get around to appointing an ambassador there?
Have you ever read up on what happens if they drop the bomb on us?
Not trying to threaten just really scared
