So then are you saying your candidate won?  Oh no, THEY LOST!!!!
How was your day of golf today? Did you get enough ketchup with your overcooked steak tonight? #priorities
Still lost
I’m ashamed I voted for you!’n
Who cares? Get your ego under control and focus on passing a conservative agenda.
Who really cares
Meanwhile, there are citizens on an island, that require leadership from their president.
You're just so fucking mentally deranged. Bless your heart.

We know it’s a conspiracy between you & Bannon so his candidate would win! Or Y go on stage & say he’ll would lose.
You truly are the weakest man in America.
But he still lost
Wow, people are dying in Puerto Rico and you dare focus attention on your endorsement of a primary.  Think of others -- not yourself.
Then why did you delete your tweets if you’re so damn proud of yourself? For Gods sake get to work! People are dying in Puerto Rico.

"This tongue, people say is great. Not even Gene Simmons has this tongue."
This is not horseshoes, loser.
 'analyzing' that's funny  Whip out the old calculator did ya?! #FakePOTUSnews from a #FakePOTUS #45Unfit
My God. You know that Americans in Puerto Rico are desperate for help right? What a child 
No you're a fake president and a fake person to this country I hope you get impeach
And he still lost get over yourself..NMP
You OK?
The real news is you're a failure never do anything right and your mother hated you
RESIGN
If you’re so proud. Why’d you delete your tweets then, cupcake.
And then he lost
How much more of your infantile dysfunction do we have to put up with?

You are such a narcissist! All about you!
What endorsement? You explicitly said you might have backed the wrong horse. Then you went on NFL rant.
Really??? Dude, you’re great! You’re such a winner!! Now get to work.
You are a 70 year old man, not a 12 year old girl with a self esteem problem. Just stop.
You're Toxic. #MuellerIsComing
Sure but “many points” wasn’t enough to win! When are we going to get tired of winning?!? #LoserLoser
He lost! Americans despise you. KKK & their followers, homophobes, bullies, sexist ,crooks and nut job evangelicals love you.
Fake news your name is Donny Trump
I like turtles.
Your candidate lost to insane religious zealot, but I find it strange you didn’t support Moore.
Always about YOU isn't it? Looking for validation. Seeking approval. Proves you're weak and pathetic with low self-esteem. #NotPresidential
And... your guy lost. Do you know that?Thats reality. Not fake. Seriously, get checked for dementia. Early diagnosis can help save even you.
No one gives a shit.
R u sure your endorsement didn't KILL any chance of him winning? @jeffsessions @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP
And still fucking lost. Face it - you're the polar opposite of King Midas. Everything you touch turns to SHIT!!!
BECAUSE YOU'RE THE MOST AWESOMEST ENDORSER IN THE WORLD!!  See a doctor.
But he lost..because we all hate you. Almost winning just means you LOST!
Voters want DITCH  MITCH  gone..we r so ANGRY that RAT  RYAN  & senate sluts r bought off!!!
Who cares?
When are you giong to get over yourself! You are like a 2 year old.
He lost.
And you as the FAKE president seem to forget that the candidate you supported lost.
Why did u delete your tweets endorsing him if ur not ashamed of endorsing a loser?? Btw don't forget about #PuertoRico
Well let's see health care down drain ,no wall, so much for law and order pres. after last night tax reform for you and rich no way.
Why is this even remotely important to mention right now? Nobody cares!!!
Vales caca donald jota trompaz
...but still lost.
Fake president fails to realise the candidate he endorsed lost.
No one cares.
Did you cheat playing Candyland and Chutes and Ladders. Can't stand not winning?  Such a loser #trumpskatrina
Why would that matter when he LOST so badly?
That would be because it is IRRELEVANT. He LOST! Too bad that Alabama doesn't have a cheating Electoral College to manipulate.
And what you , our fake "president" fails to realize is that he lost and your endorsement didn't mean poop!
But he didn't win, so.... you didn't help him at all. FAIL #STUPIDPRESIDENT
Fake news.
But they didn't forget to mention the tweets you took down when he lost #loser

Yeah but a real live lunatic that has to twice be removed from his judicial positions won over your endorsement.  Embarrassing!!
Why don't you all tell us some more lies like the GMO food fluoride water chemtrail and a hundred other things you all are depopulating us
But he lost, so how is that important, except to blow your own horn, the only thing you're a master at Don his  Horn Blower toot toot
He still lost. You're both losers.
Yes and Hillary won the popular vote.
So what? Why don't you quit whining about yourself and get to work for the American people? You aren't our boss; you work for us!
The candidate you endorsed--LIKE YOU--failed to get a majority of the vote.
I wish you were FAKE NEWS and this was all just a nightmare we could wake up from and be like, “whew!”
Buuuutttt he still lost. So great job.
Shhhhh.
...As your points keep going down #25 Dotard
Really...and he still lost and to another egomaniac who is not fit for government office.
so ?????
You're seriously still talking about this!?
But lost.

Then you started deleting texts.

Erasing your history, unfortunately, is impossible.
Why the incessant need to constantly feel validated? Who exactly are you trying to convince?
But still lost.
Big deal Trump !! no one cares about your endorsement & #s for what candidate. I think "fake news" is whatever news that you don't like!! 
That’s because no one cares , you don’t get a medal for endorsing someone . And if numbers were up it’s not for good reason
NOBODY GIVES A SHIT PEOPLE ARE DYING IN PUERTO RICO
Mr, president we always pray for you, and we thank you for all the things you have done for us.thank you..
Fake President!
How about you focus on going forward and fixing PR!
You need major mental help...read what you tweeted!!!! All about you..
Luther Strange would have had 0 votes without President Trump's endorsement!! MAGA!!
What they correctly mentioned was that he lost. Way to go Donny.
And you, erasing tweets, fail to mention that your candidate was blown away like lint.
Why does that matter?
Exactly.  Why does stupid shit like that even occupy your mind when you have work to do?
Oh. Right. Because your business is television and real estate, not law and history. Guess that’s why you’re not qualified.
Haha so fucking insecure
Any way you cut it, still a Loser. #FakePresident
No one cares.


Still lost to a complete nut job. He’s also a racist, like you. #FuckTrump #ResignMotherFucker
But then Alabama spoke at the polls-and rejected both YOU and that candidate. YOU LOST.
Tooting your own horn again? Hilarious! 
Hahaha. It’s always about YOU, isn’t it Donald. Pathetic!
He lost. Bottom line
@realDonaldTrump REAL NEWS! He lost. Doesn’t matter how many points you finish with if you LOSE.
But... He didn't
Please resign, you are not fit to be president of this great country.
Still lost.
Please try to GROW UP!
And lost to an imbecile.
OMG is everything just about you??
But he still lost.... LOL
Yet he STILL lost which shows the rednecks of Alabama do NOT respect you or your opinion which, quite frankly, surprised the hell out of me.
did he win? Lolllĺlllllllllllllll
Who cares! He lost

You English teacher must be so proud of you. You suck as a speaker, leader and tweeter! You only knkw@how to read your own fake news!
No one believes you, 45.  No one believes a liar.
So so many points that he won the election...no ..wait..he didn't.   Loser.
But he still lost though
You are freakin' unbelievable . WE DON'T CARE Shut up & do the job that Putin paid got you You are nothing other than an embarrassment
You mean the guy that lost? Pretty strong correlation between things/people you endorse and them failing. Everyone notices that pattern.
Actually went down Mr faux news
so much losing
Resign
So you clearly backed a loser who couldn't even emerge after your endorsement. Way to pick 'em!
Horrible POTUS YOU are!
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #trumpsawhitesupremacist #racisttrump #trumpsaracist #fucktrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #trumpbigot
Me me me me, me me me FAKE,  mememe me. Me!
You can't even say his name now, can you?

#HisNameIsLutherStrange
Donny... you re my fucking hero.
No one likes you bro
Such a sore loser in anything.
What good did it do him?  He lost!  You are toxic to any candidate you endorse.
Because you're the ONLY ONE WHO C A R E S!!!! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Bad advice, sir! The only ones that have your back, are the CONSERVATIVES!! That is who elected you, who understand the constitution!!
we have found out that Washington is against us they lie and pretend never vote to fix take their pay The Joke is on us they never cared

Seriously Puppet. You need to tuck in your malignant narcissism. Your crazy is showing! #ImpeachTrumpNow #LIAR #TRAITOR #AbuseofPower
Inflated self esteem is just Narcistic behavior come OUT LOUD AND CLEAR
And still lost lol @realDonaldTrump
Except for Strange, who lost after you backed him. #liar #loser
How do you sleep at night?? Honestly HOW?? You're so transparent it's laughable.
Who cares.
almost doesnt count. Oh, I forgot you don't know how to count.
Can you go back to being bad at reality tv now, loser? The stakes are getting way too high. #UBum #resign
He lost by plenty.
and moore runs around with a pistol in his belt, another immaturely dangerous idiot. We want doug jones, if Bannon backs moore he stinks.
Why do you think we care? Your guy lost
What's wrong with you??? Who cares! He lost. Let it go!
lol he still lost bum ! Give it up Trump
What is WRONG with you?  We are PAYING you to WORK, NOT BRAG & LIE.DO YOUR JOB.  (I THINK YOU SHOULD BE FIRED & TAKE PENCE & RYAN WITH YOU!)
you are totally wrong
STILL LOST. Tired of winning yet
Yeah, but the candidate you endorsed still lost you LOSER DB!
So sad that you admit that even your best is never good enough
He still friggen lost!
They didn't get elected though. That's the ONLY thing that matters. #TrumpResignNow #sad #SCROTUS
And for that we give you the white fruit cake award.
NO HE DIDN'T!!! THAT'S WHY THEY'RE NOT TALKING ABOUT IT!! He barely went up at all. STOP lying!!
Nah, those were FAKE POLLS, he lost, probably because of you
It does not matter he did not win and it's because you endorsed him.
Hey Clown. Planet doesn’t revolve around you.
Aca is here to stay.  Dont think so baby hands.
But he lost! No winning there! You backed the wrong horse!
Yes, yes
All is as you will it to be,
Way to exhibit 'totally normal' behavior.
As usual.
You're a cum stain on America.
And still lost  #Losers
Didn't your candidate lose, Bigley? I know I saw that on the news.
Who cares?  He lost.
