Things are looking great for Karen H!...

In a seat that's been solid rep for the past 45 years...wow.

Classy.
happy independent anniversary to US. America is becoming great again.
WHAT meggie@meganceani surely you are not laughing about a bill named after an innocent girl killed by an illegal.  That would be heartless
Keep the Trump Train a rollin'! Did u see who got the biggest applause at Handle's victory speech: Donald J. Trump!
Wowwwwwwww.  What a feat.
god bless you
How was you day
thank God
Things not looking good for America. Another win for establishment nationalism and white supremacy. Fascism needs to die.
Then liberals and progressive need to stop creating it and it will
I am NOT even getting close to being tired of "winning" Sir! #perseverance #MAGA
Understandable since he hasn't done anything.
Is it because you grabbed her by the pussy ??
VICTORY!
I just dunt get that , why F.B. always says Free to speech and then your FB account was block !
"And things are lookin better for me" - trump bro!
Need to do more about the federal agencys hampering development. I know they are there for a reason....but let's be reasonable.
But not for the ppl she will represent. Plz resign Sir.
Thank you for getting rid of much corruption in our government! So sorry the bad way you are treated at times,you do not deserve that!
Love our President, first time voters for Trump in our house, only voted because of you! The people's President! We trust in you!

You are a racist.
Who's Karen?
NOPE - for the first time in FOUR DECADES a Democrat is posing a real challenge. Trump is closing the gap. Dems say THANKS, pop vote LOSER.
hola
There are those of us who know you had the elections fixed.  The truth always win.

She's just another ignorant fool...just like the rest of the people that voted for you.
Please help me I am very poor i need money please
I love turmp
and horrible for the country since you took over...
I hope Handel will be loyal and helpful to your agenda, sir. Lord, please surround @POTUS with faithful people. In Jesus' holy name we pray.
Demoidiot .
Aren't you just giddy..
Uh this district isn't even supposed to be a race. Midterms not looking good for GOP. Sad!
I hope you feel better soon!
Great job cutting welfare for immigrants need to cut it for Americans to too many families depending on it and abusing it
For  how long they are goin to investigate to ur president let hin do his  job
8ujn.hip
Not so great for the ppl she was elected to represent. She doesn't support a living wage! Good luck ppl once again you've doomed yourselves
Yes she is great for congresswoman!
Not so good for Donald T!
Cheater!!! Voter fraud
U til she looked in the mirror and realized she was a sell out (and butt ugly)
Yay!...Russian super PAC money got another cronie elected
you openly supported someone who would violate the law and is a bigot and violates civil rights.
The gal who misused her position at Susan Komen to attack Planned Parenthood
Hooray hooray 
Another win for America
Please don't do ins. thru the the gov.  It has to be free market across state lines
And turned out great in the end.
Yep. We need another HS diploma racist in Congress! Go Trump!!
Ha ha
Repeal totally Obama care!!! Remember your promises!!!! Don't be another liar. Don't fail those who put you there
who is that
My new house key
On! Donnie Racist
But terrible for America.
#RESIST #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #TrumpPutin 
#TrumpLiar
#TrumpTraitor
#GOPTraitors
#sHaLloWstAtE
WTF, this guy is having some great dreams about himself. You saying it does not mean things will change in your favor
Ew
Bad for Georgia.
Yep, but humanity lost bigtime w/ @karenhandel. Another rich pig who only cares about her taxdollars. Doesn't even support a "livable" wage
Fatty will be on dialysis before she can push your agenda.. SAD
Too bad it's not good for America and the world. Republicans are just hateful people and we are back sliding as a country. #notmyprez #quit
Amen, Amen , Amen. Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah.Tasty food:
Does the "h" stand for smack? 
Seeing as how she avoided mentioning you like you have the plague before the election, doubtful you had much impact.
You doing a great job, and Washington is scared because they cant pay you or anyone in your cabinet off.
Mr. President, isn't here a way to bring the democrats to court these  conspiracies, rather then putting all this fake news all over tv?
The #GOP is part of the Swamp that you were suppose to Drain, Not get in Bed with
Agreed
Republicans 5... how many have you won with your fake news?
Yes my Lord
Russian interference again???  Hmmmm........
Not much hope for you.


Bad rubbish - FAKE NEWS!
Good
Is she near death?
no more cops & robbers, now it's cops, robbers & terrorists thx to Obama
Hi
Awesome
Oh yeah 52%...won this election but GOPs lost ground.  Yuuuuuge
But not so good for you #DonnyTwoScoops!  Get ready for an interesting summer, fall, winter, etc.
May you be filled w/love & kindness, May you be healthy, mind & body, May you be at ease and happy.  Peace & Love, Mr. President!
Who?
What …
No
滚犊子
When are the Republicans going to get to work and get the economy moving and get health care done ? Why are the dragging ass?
hi
When ever I can't spell names,  I just lazily abbreviate as well
Yeah, not so good for you.
Things are looking terrible for America.
Don't look good for you though
#KOMPROMAT
U do know she didn't want U to campaign for her right? Lies and money are the only reason she got elected Once again, we got crapped on.
Boo boo
And bad for women, common sense and America as a whole because of it.
Yep she squeeked by. Pretty close race.
Wow! The Democrats almost won! That's an omen of what to come in 2018. What's out those Liberal states. They might wipeout all GPO's!
Yeah but what about the rest of us?
But not for YOU! #TRAITOR #LOCKHIMUP
@Anthony_1865 you have to BRIBE and PAY 2 get anything done President OBAMA THE  REAL  PRESIDENT didn't have 2 do all that
GOP used mud slinging techniques using a college party photo against Ossroff.  College?  Really?  Pathetic.
Where?
Not that great: a 3.8% margin is pretty poor in a district that is always more favorable to a Republicans. Looks like your base is eroding.
It's because she doesn't mention you!
Not so much for your grotesquerie of a face though unfortunately. :'(
Love that gerrymandering.  Great to attack real democracy
And bad for the 6th district. My dog would do a better job.
Americans are picking true patriots!
Idiot
But not so much for you...
And Mueller you forgot Mueller
Hey you!!So the jobs to China cost them some trade marks.which will be repealed.No making money off the backs of AMERICA..THEIR COMING OHHHH
Not for you & your little rats trying to figure out WTF is going on...
Hey you!! All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent Thomas JeffersonGreed is the devil.HISTORY
Wow, she actually won the red state that has been solidly red since 79? By how much?  Not much....how are your numbers today?  Above 40 yet?
...and lousy for the country.
Mr Trump please do something to stop the relationship with Russia from going bad to worse. Thanx
