1) YGBFKM
2) 1st Amendment
3) Using your logic, #DonaldTrump should be in a cell for #birther bull
4) I'm a US Marine, not a traitor
5) 
My #respect is earned, not given. He's a not a leader either. He's a carnival barker who bamboozled his way to an electoral college win.
Again, NO ONE "deserves" #respect. It's earned and his contemptible behavior & #First100Days #fail make him unworthy of it.
I deeply regret my vote but the sad thing is, we had no choice. You are not the people's president. You are too selfish to see that though.
@Trump_Regrets Yes.
sir, y
When is someone going to do the world a favor & put you down like the sick dog that you are? You're clearly in the late stages of dementia.
Keep doing what you are doing
Its all bullshit until its in the budget !
@potus needs to shutdown gov't over this, or it will enable the Dems to further obstruction 
i am with you ty
only 2% said they'd vote for you, the others said they'd vote for a different candidate or abstain.
False. Only 2% said they would vote for someone else.
worst 100 days in Presidential History and yes your rating are in the crapper don't know where you are getting your "fake" information
You're  deluded. "Would still win?" How can you "still" win the popular vote when you lost it?
Your the best Donald Trump and put Hilary and Obama in prison for their wrong doings
You mad bro?
Is there anything in the country or the world you could focus on instead of polls, fake or not, and whether or not ur popular BTW ur not!
you're seriously happy with 53 percent.......
Donnie oh Donnie give it a rest
Keep telling yourself you're doing very bigly great things! You said ABC was fake news, why the change?
But yet here you are the POTUS with the LOWEST APPROVAL RATING IN HISTORY after only 100 days! What a LOSER!
Yeah you left out this piece of information, chief
New NBC/WSJ poll: Trump's approval rating stands at 40% -- 4pt drop from Feb & lowest rating in history of poll for new POTUS at this stage
You already lost the popular vote by millions.
U r lousy & not a leader. Lost by 3 million. No mandate. Majority of voters are 4 HRC. She is REAL legit pres. U r not.
#D-bag
Stop tweeting old man child
We don't like you, just like your father! Disappointment follows you! Resign NOW! #Illegitimate45 #Resign #HillaryBeatYou
FAKE NEWS! #DISHONESTDONNY #DRAFTDOGERDONNY #ILLEGITIMATEPOTUS #FAKEPRESIDENT #HYPOCRITE
What do you mean "still beat Hillary in popular vote"? You never beat her in the first place. Quit lying.
When you are a strait-F student, a D is great news. Congratulations on your very good news.
Worst President ever!
Reminder: you LOST the popular vote.
"Strong" doesn't necessarily mean good, although I doubt you believe that.
Yeah. You just keep telling yourself that.
You lost by 3 million though.

Trolls Need To Get A Life Brainwashed Dummies We Live In The Real World President Trump The People Are With You Sir God Bless You
Wrong. You didn't win the popular vote the first time. Enjoy your 40% approval rating.
The intelligent voters know better than to believe ANYTHING msm puts out! Presiden Trump 2020!
53% percent of the people said you were the"WRONG LEADER"...You can't get anything straight.

Are you seriously STILL whining about the popular vote?? Meanwhile some of us worry about losing our jobs bc of your budget cuts. You SUCK!!
And let's face facts, you didn't win pop vote. You have WORST ratings EVER across the board for a new pres. You'll be a one term + done. Yay
You lost the popular vote
get over it. He is your president too
YOU DIDN'T WIN THE POPULAR VOTE.
BTW, where is all the evidence of those "3 million illegal votes"?
We're waiting.
Illegal votes were the Ines Russia got for him!
It took you 10 minutes to finish this thought? lmao
You have the lowest approval rating in history this early on. There's no one to blame but yourself. #failure
This baby, William Legate doesn't even know why the elecoral college exists! Must have been taught by FACISTS!
That's what I thought! These idiots that can only regurgitate info don't know what to do with a real question!!!!
do you know why the electoral college was created?
Yes
please explain
Ha. Crickets.
The first 100 days: 18 golf-trips, still rambling on about the popular vote that you DIDN'T win. Achieved NOTHING of what you promised. SAD!
In the Republic of US, POTUS win election by ELECTORAL COLLEGE not pop vote. Read Constitution should clarify(?) ur confusion
... POP. A laugh. "VOTES!" News washed the soil of his unstained idea of voting. "ME & 53% SAID STRONG!" All a jar.
Mr. President, if what you say is true, I urge you to remember that 53% is a failing grade in schools across the country.

By Democrats and liberal fake news
.
Larry, you sincerely believe djt an honorable, moral, leader worthy of your support?
.
How so?
.
Meaning u did Anything to win, even if it was ILLEGAL. This is how u have conducted u're whole life. So get real on checking u're facts.
U're still at 37% and still failing miserably!!! U're views are so backwards and from u're elitist point of view. U won by "Any & All Means"
President  trump it is so sad how do you do it  you are  amazing  dont give  up i couldn't  blame  you if you did
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 5...
Lolol..'Strong leader"? Your joking right?? Your a lying pussygrabbing adulterer.Past presidents must be turning in their graves.
Este Loco desquiciado inmoral payaso de trump es una verguenza para el Mundo ser inmoral guerrista invasor ser despreciable
President Trump, it's time to support Iranian people, free them from the evil gov. We supported u, please stand up & support us
A VERY SCIENTIFIC POLL: Who thinks Donald Trump has done a good job in his first 100 days as President?
Bad poll!  Altered my vote.  I think Pres. Trump has done a great job so far.
Worlds greatest con man . Michael Bloomberg said it best. I'm from New York and I know a con when I see one...
Well he sure got conned by the Chicago politicians he gave $5 million dollars to support the SODA TAX. He got snookered.
You really need to wake up and get your damn facts straight. You lying constantly is doing you no good.
Don't worry they lie we lie to them.  that's how we got you elected.  to doing stuff without talking. go trump
What a joke you are, and more so every day!
Insane. Please impeach. Now!!
"I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself." Robert E. Lee
Why are you always worrying about your popularity, how about you do your job this isn't a popularity contest.
You are insane and dangerous.
Your wrong big if you think your popular. Your popular with Putin and GoldmanSachs, thats about it. Oh and the wealthy and the not so smart
Another moment when I want to go back in time & tell your mother: "Parent this brat so the rest of the world doesn't have to do it for you!"
100 days of total, more golf trips, like to spend the tax payers did not drain the swamp.getting us into ww3, rigged the election.
you didn't. #Nitwit
are you asking for a recount? because that just might be the thing to bring America together
Hey Chump having 53% of all idiots think you're awesome doesn't necessarily look good on a resume. How is it you can't get all of them.
Even if you were even a tiny bit correct the fact you're still bragging about the election as your approval ratings plummet is hilarious.
OMG can't listen to these talking heads anymore
First, you did not win the popular vote. Period. End of story. Your approval rating is low 30's. That means over 2/3 of Americans disapprove
I'm sad to see Trump is turning his back on the American people
You are so delusional!!
To all the Haters , Donald J Trump is President of the USA. We love our PRESIDENT. So I'll be glad when snow flakes melt.
The snow flakes are long gone, but losers like you won"t know. Ha Ha! DNT is a loser too. Wait till the whole story comes out.
Who is DNT, Can't wait for whole. story
??? your change of heart on the wall!  No one Trusts Paul Ryan!! He wants open borders! Build the wall like you promised, this year! NoLater
The great president Obama had more class in his little finger than lying drama king, inept 45 drumpf does in his entire body.
Its SAD that you are still obsessed over losing popular vote.  Barack Obama better president
But you DIDN'T BEAT HRC in popular vote.  U know, the 3 million people who voted for HRC over you!
Omg why are you still talking about the election? Wasn't that like 100 days ago?? Move the fuck on to actually doing something... like work!
The people voted for you because of what you ran on they are waiting for it all to happen the people that voted for you are not for illegals
I am still supporting you President Trump
Dilutional still I see.  You did not win the popular vote by a loooong shot.  Election held today and you would not carry MI, WI, PA.
Weak on grammar though. Tour polls are fake. Narcissism is funny that way. You, like your support, only believe what you want to hear
You, Melania, and family need to know you are loved and supported out here in America! God has called you to lead this great nation.
Bigly
are you excluding the imaginary 3-5 million unregistered voters that voted to Hilary. You are a FAKE president.
Why do u sound like an insecure exgirlfriend?"Everyone thinks I'm smart and cute, they like my hair, ur a jerk for thinking otherwise"...
Another example of how delusional you are. I think you need some meds
Why don't you just forget the election already and focus on governing the country...or perhaps your ego is so much more important...#SAD
God has placed you&Pence in position to set USA on the right path with God as our Center. Measurements by anyone or anything else will fail!
How stupid is that?
Hahaha! Little man complex. Sound like Stuart smaller.
Your not presidential.......
Mr. President, 53% of YOUR voters calling you a strong leader isn't impressive. That's cause for concern.
You need to start making coherent statements. you lost the popular vote and most of the country hates you
U Americans are getting what u deserve 4 spending so much time watching reality shows. This is d biggest one ever lol
If they were "wrong big on election" why do you think they are right this time?
Lol believe what you want but I'm thinking the only % of who would vote for you again are the few that are still left of the 30%.
TO QUOTE YOU:   FAKE NEWS !!!!!
What??
OBAMA OBAMA we LOVE OBAMA
Stop lying. You didn't win popular vote. What is wrong with you?
You did not win the popular vote!! GET IT.
Cite your source, please.
Who really cares....get over it dude!
If you cared about your children and grandchildren. you would resign Now! You are embarrassing!
well you wimped out.  No wall, no health care.  Liar.  "Lyin Don".  Thanks for nothing.
Deplorables don't count!
The idiots that elected you don't mind being lied to and defrauded.
The MAJORITY who voted for Hillary DO!
Achieve this!!!
You're the one that can't get over the election because you didn't win the popular vote!! lol #orangeclown
But you never won the popular vote.. #thisisnotpage6
You got your ass beat by a girl and we all know it. Sincerely, The American People.
You haven't been near 50% on anything.
Your pathetic self-congratulations are EMBARRASSING the ENTIRE USA.  Stop Tweeting NONSENSE.  #TrumpRussia
Dafuq are you talking about??
He got the phone away from Ivanka and is hiding in a bathroom stall while his staff are pounding on the door, telling him to open the door.
 very possible. He's like a second grader trying to explain to mom why he got all F's (apologies to second graders worldwide)
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE!
Youd beat someone in a popular vote?
   Ok...can we put your job on the line for that bet?
Why do you constantly post this garbage? Are you trying to convince yourself?
Lie
 Confident I Would vote For #Trump Again 
No Doubt About IT 
 Love My @POTUS
#TrumpsArmy
#trump100days 
#IStandWithTrump
Trump4America @ HairbyJennE
So true...I totally did, then saw this comment. Right on
I'm trying to raise awareness. They've largely gone unchecked, and their influence is growing.
Me too..want me to post a list I've been keeping?
Yes, I'd love to see it! I can show you mine, too... We should probably do so through DM though, until we have a larger strategy....
Ok...r u set up for dm?
I'll see!
Seriously doubt that, along with lots of what you have to say. We're not idiots!
A poll also came out last night that if the election where held yesterday you still would have beaten Hillary as well as the popular vote
Just how vain ARE you?
Worst ratings ever for a new prez, loser
Your percentage is higher ..I know lots of people not polled ..
Why don't you just run the gov't and stop sitting on the toilet all day tweeting. Good God man!!!
You didn't win the popular vote the FIRST time around, FFS. #100daysofshame #ImpeachTrump
A real leader would not have to tweet that polls say he is a strong leader.  A real leader would simply know it.  Insecure!
You are a losing 'Fake' President. It's so sad.
Warning! Ethics violation! Maralago! Lock him up!
You failed. You didn't win the Popular Vote, but keep on dreamin' there Snowflake. The end is coming. #ImpeachTrump
we need a president that doesn't lie. Resist
Who? HC? Democratic is the system that has elected ALL US presidents.
False. You're a liar.
Trumpy - you can't claim its fake news AND boast about the content. Have Ivanka explain this to you.
And your approval rating is in the single digits. You're clueless & incompetent #ImpeachTrump
You really are delusional, aren't you ?
LMAO the fuck you mean STILL?
There are still more people that didn't vote for you than still support you. Those #'s are percentage of your supporters not the population
Hillary beat you in the popular vote stupid!!!!
The economy is starting to take off confidence at 15 year high. Ignore the fools your 1st 100 days has been great. My 401k up, Jobs Up.
Oh Donald u poor pathetic soul Nothing will change the fact u lost popular vote, nothing That 53% is what's hangin on 47% of ur base, poof!
Take your time. Don't make the left rush you. The 100 days is idiotic. You're making economy strong. You're making foreign policy strong.
You are turning us against you by having Jared ad Ivanka run things.  We did not elect them.  Plenty of other qualified people to assist.
Simply put you are #insane
You didn't beat her the first time, you muppet.
Has this actually kept u up at night? C'mon man! Russiagate/N Korea/Impeachment ought 2b what ur ass should be concerned with! Crazy self!!
YOU DIDN'T WIN THE POPULAR VOTE!
You lost the popular vote, asshead.
You are doing great President trump.  The rest of the 40 percent are democrats. The ones that are so narrow minded and does not care freedom
You are a strong leader President Trump!!!!
