W Bush nominated the judge.I wonder if you have a law degree or specialization in Constitution that you've not mentioned.
Donald is under the impression that he is King of the USA.
You are one whiny dictator. That's what happens when you have tiny hands and an even tinier intellect.
pretty funny coming from the "so-called" POTUS 
Good 
man Donald. You really have no idea what you are doing.
Know this all you juvenile name calling ,no one gives a shot what u think, No one respects you,you are a colossal joke.
How can an existential fact be "so-called"? The man IS a judge. Another alternate fact? Truth is sacred & now it's scarce.
Did you not know that you DO have a boss? You're surely throwing a tantrum rolling on the White House kicking and tweeting!
Yeah, who's got time for checks and balances?
Nothing "so-called" about him.  He IS a judge, like it or not, and the law is the law, even for the president.
just saying something loudly doesn't make it true!
DO IT NOW!
It's appalling for a so-called President like @realDonaldTrump to abuse a judge for doing his job and stopping unconstitutional actions.
It looks to me like @realDonaldTrump does not believe in the constitution that he swore an oath to uphold
He's clearly never read it. He should call Obama, who taught Constitutional Law for a decade ;-)
And who, in 8 years, never violated the constitution once - while @realDonaldTrump has violated it a dozen times in 2 weeks
Sad but probably true... (I wasn't counting.)
Neither was I, but I will when I get some time - it's got to be at least half a dozen times. #ImpeachTrump
@POTUS time to go back to school and learn about the three branches of govt
this "so-called judge" is more qualified for the job than this so-called president. Take your Russians & KKK & go home.
So called judge? So-called President. You lost the popular vote by 3 millions.
Good, too bad we couldn't round up all praying in the streets of Airport and by City Hall. They want to overthrow-GVMT.
you are not a dictator.
I voted for you so that the coal mining town I live in could be revived. I'm starting to regret it. This ban is ridiculous.
Reply to @realDonaldTrump "so called"? He's an appointed judge --you disagree on the rules no need for name calling #growupdonald

It takes a 'so called President' to recognize and call out a 'so called judge'
Tremendously disrespectful!!


United Kingdom who cares what you think?
UNITED WE STAND ON THIS!!!
BELIEVE AS WE DO 1776%!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&NEVER 4GET THAT.
.@realDonaldTrump which judge? The one who ruled against your fake college, the one who ruled against your golf club, or the exec order one?
you better delete your account before Bannon does it for you. @realDonaldTrump
Bannon's dream of a 4th Reich will never happen if your public tantrums keep tipping his hand and alienating your base. @realDonaldTrump
I mean, you do you, but have you considered a "you" who isn't a moody, petty, infinitely prolonged adolescent tyrant @realDonaldTrump
not that I object to your public self-sabotage,  @realDonaldTrump, I just like the idea that you might by chance read this and throw a rod.
Haha. The opinion of our so-called Thief Executive apparently matters even less
Per the tweet I sent earlier, separation of powers has worked fairly well for this democracy the last 200 years or so
Which is exactly what this judge got wrong. He thinks he runs border control, not Congress and POTUS
"Control" not issue. Fed judiciary upholds good law, tosses illegal ban junk. POTUS should try his luck w/SCOTUS.
Case will probably end up there. The XO was lawful. Issued under Title 8 statute and Constitution
Let's say case ends up there. Let's say SCOTUS upholds judge's ruling. Is SCOTUS then wrong, fake news, bad etc?
SCOTUS makes some very bad law.  Like Plessy v Fergusson.  Do some reading and stop arguning law w/me
I should stop arguing law with you because...Trump and his indoctrinees are always right? Stop spouting nonsense
No because you're not a lawyer and I am. Licensed and experienced in federal court cases!
..you rock!!  
And you must be smoking rocks 
The judge is real; it’s your presidency that’s “so-called.”

deleting tweets from the thread again? SAD!
"so-called judge" what the hell does that even mean? 
also removed this one...
LOL at you citing the jobs report after saying it was phony the entire time.
and this one? SAD!
: "the jobs report is only fake if they come out during Obama's presidency." 
I love these!
Keep up the good work!
Yah, please keep it up. Everytime I see this ignorant armys tweets I am more excited to vote him in again 
Not going to happen buddy.
ur base is behind u.
Yes, all 666 of you!!!!!!!!!
#BeBest
Illegal, illegitimate, so-called president! Have fun while you http://can.it  won't last forever!
The opinion of this so called president is irrelevant and ridiculous. Much like his fake presidency. His stolen election will be overturned!!  #wehateyou #dirtydonald PS How’s your hair? And your (soon to be) ex-wife?
It's a sad day when a judge runs the country. We didn't even vote for him. smh @realDonaldTrump
i'm glad that he scammed at least three construction companies!
Damn our (so called) vaunted institutions!
I wouldn't believe Donald Trump if he was President of the United States of America
Liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar
Did your legal advisors get their diplomas from out of a cracker jack box?
You're gonna be impeached
Sharia Law is contrary to our Laws & Constitution; it has no place in America.
We need extreme vetting. Ban on 7 is  weak.
You are an embarrassing excuse for a President, with no regards to the constitution and how our system of govt works.

this "so-called judge" was confirmed 99-0 in the Senate. You lost the pop vote, Mr. So-Called President.
The heartland elected Donald Trump.  He speaks for US, not beta male cucks...
U hear those footsteps behind you,  @realDonaldTrump? It's not ur mistress. It's justice, coming 2 spit irony in ur eye. #VoidTheElection
Agreed. How can victory thru foreign interference stand? #VoidTheElection Extreme? Yes but so was the interference that brought us to this.
So-called President @realDonaldTrump doesn't understand Judicial branch or that Frederick Douglass is dead.
I have no financial interest in this. Only compassion.
"I was hungry and you gave me food. I was thirsty and you gave me drink. I was a stranger and you welcomed me."
I will pray for you.
Donald Trump: That's not a judge it's Count Olaf in disguise!
The "So Called President" calling someone a "so called Judge." Irony.
anyone else would held in contempt. disrespect officials of the court then publicly speak of the case trying to influence?
He's a judge, not a so-called judge. Disrespectful. Embarrassing as a head of state. Your own country. Shame.
Earth to @realDonaldTrump EARTH TO DONALD: judges are the guys/girls who help enforce the law. Might put nut-jobs like you on the street

.@realDonaldTrump Our federal judges are the cornerstone of our great democracy. I applaud them for correctly interpreting the law. #Grtful
So says the So-Called President.  By the way, Sec. Clinton won popular vote by 3.5 million VALID votes.  Fluke President!
so NY..  #meltingpot #EmpireState headbutts happen.. what comes next?
There is no such thing as a "so-called judge"
I HOPE SO
It did say this so called and Fake president
Trump is a stupid little man who thinks the USA is a business and he's the CEO who can berate it's employees. How long until impeachment?
@Scotus Hon. Scalia's "textualism" judicial ideology & a jurist w/d same mindset? I'll get my #liberty!! Put #textonbench!!
how are we making out with Kate's law thanks
ok, so-called prez!
As long as we can't proof who did the gas attack in Syria , we should not act. It is very likely a trap to pull us into the country's war.
@POTUS you are not above the law I think it's time for them to impeach you
This is why Obama stacked the lower courts with liberals, VERY IMPORTANT that you to get Conservative judges NOMINATED ASAP
We are so very proud of you.  Please get more sleep,  you will need it  to be able to fight for the long haul.. ( 8 yr)
keep fighting. You're the only one who cares about our security. They're being difficult because it's you
You are no more than a "so-called" man.
Of course it will. That judge has no authority to undermine the safety of US citizens. Just as liberals have no moral ground to argue it.
When is this so-called president going to be acting Presidential?  Didn't he promise us?
Ready to see this happen! Ridiculous Ludicrous ruling.
Then you must be a so-called president, since you lost popular vote!
the only thing that would be overturned is your inauguration
Unlike you, this is a reak judge with more education than you ever had. You had a limited education at a 2nd tier school (Fordham) then 2 at Penn as an undergrad. Your a loser who has never read the Constitution.
A seditious ,  partisan ,  overreaching judge !!!! i'm OUTRAGED !
I challenge you to find anything faulty with the legal analysis. You cannot.
this judge's ruling should be exterminated and I will appoint Pope Pius as my right-hand man.
i guess you must be a so-called president
shame on you and you're party you are so I'll  responsible  you are a bully looking  to get punxhed
SO-CALLED POTUS.
Says the "so-called" President.
you're a sad so-called president Comrade Trump!
its scary how little you know about government.  Scary, but not surprising.
you are right! Stand firm. God is in control!
the Constitution will say otherwise.  Separation of Powers, chooch.  You are not a goddamn king.
Luckily we are still the UNITED States of America. I admire these judges for remembering that.
#pixoritdidnthappen
This 'so-called' judge is an idiot! Take away his license. He doesn't know his place.
take that, from a so-called president.
Your first lie as president was, "So help me God." You swore, on Lincoln's bible, to uphold the Constitution. #TrumpLies
our so-called @POTUS who thinks he can do whatever he wants to crush the constitution can't read, so don't blame him. Sad!
judicial ideology cuz my @Scotus brief I cited d 5th Amen "liberity 2 contract" which says my #May2006 Deal w/Pres of my
so if you don't respect the judges,  can I do the same?
You want respect, but call judge "so-called." You're not a CEO, and u don't own America. Look up checks & balances.
yeah a jew judge i bet ! No wonder middle east is F##ked UP! Jews Muslims fighting then cherry on top with blacks next door
so-called judge. called so because he is a judge
@POTUS this so called judge, has i presume, studied law!
How repugnant and disrespectful you are! This man is brilliant & has more knowledge in 1 finger than you have in your body!
prayers that this madness turns around
Abuse of Authority. Defied Our President Should b tried 4 Treason. Have put Americans in harms way Obsruction by dems same
BIG mistake for trying to bring this country together BETSY DEVOS the worse mistake ever
Did you catch the flood of fans in Philadelphia cheering on the Eagles today? Only about 100 times more than your weanie turnout of Russians and psycho-phants at the inauguration. So sad.

are you ever going to take any criticism (or anyone who thinks different from you) without attacking them?
The “so-called judge” in question, is a Republican who was appointed by George W. Bush and confirmed, 99-0, by the Senate.
@POTUS
That "so-called" judge has hstry of wrking FOR ALL The People, somthng you shld emulate, not criticize. He took nothng away
oh grow up fraud!
maybe  the extra refugee' s should be transported to those states that think we should let them all in!!!!
so-called judge is a grad of Georgetown U....pretty sure he's real...
President Trump if the appeal fails tonight then all refugees should be settled in Washington and California. # karma!
and I call you a so called president...you have no credibility; the judge does.  You do nothing but lie and insult. Sad man
You are *gag* the President, not king, not emperor. You ARE NOT the law. You WENT AGAINST the law. Judge upheld the law.
Ergo, again, the judge did his job. Welcome to life where your money doesn't buy you your way.
You wanted to be President. Pity you wanted it for the wrong reasons out of your power-hungry, egotistical ignorance.
Fact is, YOU are the threat to this country's security. Not the judge that upheld the Constitution against your crap.
SHOW THE TAXES OR THE COURT WILL LOCK YOU UP
why do you always respond with name-calling?!!!  Grow the f*** up! Try it.  It might be a winning strategy.
He speaks for me.  And he cleans my language up before he tweets.
The opinion of a so-called president is disgraceful. You have no respect for America. Do the world a favor and go away.
i hope they lock you up in Cuba
Seems a few Americans woke up. Now overnight they see the problems. We're have they been the last eight years? Media sucks!
nothing will happen until Americans die from Islamic terrorists
--- My Cold Dead Hands!!!
.@realDonaldTrump Says the so-called "president."
deligitimizing Federal Judges again?
you are a danger to the united states dear mister president trump!
I'm sure that your team anticipated this maneuver and felt confident that it would it would be overturned. Stay strong!
Pretty funny coming from a so-called president.
the judge is upholding the law. History will judge you and find you wanting.
That's a so-called president calling a real judge so-called.
win  or lose    history will show you are a tyrant     history will have your lies on   record
Go to a HIGHER COURT. But FIRE that bastard for TREASON & FAILING IN THEIR DUTIES TO UPHOLD THE LAW
Coming from a so-called President....WOW!
Mr. President, you need to figure a way to get rid of these treasonous judges.
Yes it will, so why tweet this? only makes you sound unpresidential  Simply say I am sure the court will side with us
How dare you! You are a so-called president. When are you going to act like a real president???
YOU, TRUMP, are NOT our country.
.@realDonaldTrump You keep using that word "so-called". I do not think it means what you think it means.
He's not a "so-called judge." AND he's doing his job.
And I have faith that my God has his hand on Trump and we will prevail under his Leadership!
Yes, your good at golf, how about knocking the chip off the shoulder of sanctuary govs and judges think their above POTUS
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP, IGNORE ALL THESE LOSERS, WHEN AMERICA STARTS WINNING AGAIN WATCH ALL THESE LOSERS SWITCH SIDES,
Ban the Saudis whom you owe the loans when you filed bankruptcy (6 times). Also, we know where the other money came from
, keep us safe! Implement policies to reduce people killed by gun violence AND traffic accidents. They kill more than terror
keep working for america
what is 'so called' about this magistrate? #dotell
Empty words coming from such a so-called leader. Being in charge doesn't make you a leader.  Simply "the Trump"  to me.
When a so-called president gets cocky with their power it is the job of the judiciary to put them in their place.  #civics
@POTUS he was a republican appointee, and spent more time in school than you
