Of which, your policies had zero impact on. You haven't been in office long enough to see ant substantial impact on the economy. #ObamaCred
Great job, sir. Did you know that Hillary Clinton has been in 4 major investigations with Comey--and beat them all?
Comey investigated her on:

-Vince Foster "suicide" 
-Whitewater mortgage scam …
There are suggestions Comey threw the last two cases--the DNC hack and Hillary's emails--by using bad strategy.
The "consensus" of 17 intel agencies on Russia is from a report by a DNC-paid security contractor. FBI locked out!
In the emails case, we found new evidence showing witnesses lied, yet Comey refused to do anything:
Even worse, Comey did terribly when questioned by Congress the following week, yet refused to go against Hillary:
Comey immediately said "nothing of value." He later reopened the email investigation, but only after agents later found more emails.
This article suggests Comey wouldn't have ever reopened the investigation unless motivated by fear of humiliation:
He was doing everything he could to help Hillary, but they had to "investigate" and re-close the case. He did, but it was too late.
Nice deal
Tell him, zax!
thnaks tod. why do u follow?
Trump?
yeah
I'm a big fan
cool cool
He's MY president!
Best way to squash the cries from the libs is to get this economy churning
Stock market dropping 2 days in a row. Are you making them nervous. Un kept "promises"? Oh, and what constitutes a surge?
By the fact that micro and macro economics may be a little complex for some.. so word of advice read up buddy.
This is the guy who attended Wharton school of business and economics? T was obviously too busy playing tennis so Dad bought his degree!
I'm not sure if it's the tennis but it might have been thinking about building and multi billion $ company
I'm just here to read these funny ass comments.
Keep on winning President Trump!
And by the way what is it that you claim you did to boost this?

I guess this is your mind wipe. We cant remember the last few days now.....
Thanks President Obama, that's a residual of his policy and effort. Not yours!
Oh no no no!!! It isn't Fox News!!! FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS!!!!!!!!!
All due to deals made in the past, and that rascally Obama
Feckless.
When watching TV you seem so alone. Hang in there. We're with you. Stay strong.
#releasethepeetapes
Good stuff ! #MAGA
That is great news for the American people you are keeping your promises mr. President and my prayers are with you always. Drain the swamp
Traitor.
DISTRACTionS!!!!! "Maybe the public won't notice my failures if I distract them."  You need to see a psychiatrist!
Is that the Kraft™ Cheese Singles plant?
At least you haven't screwed up the economy yet, but then, you have yet to pass a budget, so this is still an Obama accomplishment.
Thanks @BarackObama
YAH!!! DATZ WHAT HE BE TALKUN'!!!
Didn't see it in any news
THANKS OBAMA
The executive orders by Trump cutting through Obama's noxious regulations have started working. New business quarter. So thanking Obama is
completely erroneous much like your use of the English language. What is US industrial and you would fix a leak not build a trap. Obama's
holdovers are most likely the leakers. Trump has the right to discuss classified info. If you are foreign your ignorance is understandable.
You don't produce anything so don't try to take credit.
People say that Obama was the laziest president ever...lots of people...many people. It's true.
are you really tweeting while your McMaster is out there cleaning up your treasonous mess?
Looks like there has been a trending production increase since 2009... #ThanksObama
Someone inside the Trump administration really cares about his/her country. Shout out to that Patriot for exposing the agent inside the WH.
Totally agree!  They are heroes!
O did it now
Russia on my mind.
Trump is heading to Saudi Arabia...right?  

Can we let him go, enact his Muslim ban...and prevent his re-entry back into the US?
KEEP PUSHING FOR INFORMATION ON #SethRich DEATH. The DNC is about to be proven liars! It wasn't RUSSIA- it was an insider! SPEAK UP ASSANGE!
NOPE.
Russia and your impeachment. All we wanna hear about or from you.
You're delusional if you think he's getting impeached. No chance of it ever happening.
RESIGN.

Or that Donald is the biggest snowflake  or that you all are predictable in your rhetoric?
Not only predictable, boring an lacking any sort of intelligent input. Go back to watching NASCAR and let the educated folk make the choices
Trump supporter AND believing in imaginary friends? These things do not scream college educated. They scream "I fuck my sister". 
Will you sign an executive order to give the Lakers the #1 pick in tonight's Lottery?
We need to make the Lakers Great Again.
No we don't. Lol
 I always wanted to post a string of tweets to the Donald. Lonzo Ball to the Lakers!
Haha!
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-industrial-production-surged-in-april-1494940961 …...
It surged the entire Obama presidency, but we didn't see him bragging about every tiny bit of growth bc he had a job to do…
#ThanksObama for leaving us with such a strong economy. It's a shame Trump is doing everything in his power to bring it down w our democracy

"A source inside the police department...looked at me straight in the eye and said 'we were told to stand down on this case'." #SethRich 
Now we know why @HillaryClinton did this! There was no Russian hack, it was SETH RICH
You guys are obsessed. Wow. Lol
They're getting ready for the wars that are going to happen under your administration
William Legate is a sad little man that has a new name every week. LMMFAO. Mega fake. Or maybe I should ask . Hillary ?
RESIGN BITCH
It appears that the swamp won again.
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
.@realDonaldTrump Great Job President Trump. Keep fighting the fight. We've got your back. 
Yeah all 35% of you! 
.@michaelleves The United States elected this President whether you like it or not @realDonaldTrump
@POTUS @VP @realDonaldTrump
Yes we certainly are and I'm just waiting for some fool to try and say we're not.  I pity the fool!  (See what I did there)?
Breaking news: a special counsel will be assigned to investigation!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain
I'm still waiting for him to do... anything. Anything at all that he promised aside from giving away secrets to our fucking enemies.
HERE IT IS=> Complete List of President Trump's Major Accomplishments in First 100 Days
Care to post a list of Obama's also? Let's see who's is better 
HERE IT IS => Complete List of 18 Major Scandals in Obama's ‘Scandal-Free’ Presidency - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2iJglaX  via @BreitbartNews
Oh honey... Breitbart isn't news. It's just a bunch of angry white virgins pounding on their keyboards in their mom's basements.
#ObamaGate
Sigh. Trump likes the "fake news" when stories benefit him. Hypocrisy doesn't matter because to him it is all a game show.
It's reality TV. A beauty pageant. Why he can chastise Obama/HRC for something, then do the same thing. His only rule: win.
Unfortunately, while Trump is busy trying to win each day's headlines, people are suffering and we are becoming less safe.
German lawmakers are already saying WH recklessness with classified info makes them wary to share intel. That's not good.
Trump voters heckling us liberals about working, income, etc. Wake up. Look at data. Blue states/cities drive our economy.
What world are you living in that's funny as hell cities like Detroit, Baltimore, Chicago run our country right 
Detroit is our auto industry. Chicago gives IL roughly same economy as all of Netherlands. Choose facts, not fear.
Hillary Must go to Jail. She is instigating resistance, LOCK HER UP!
Thank you President Trump, Great job!
pLS DONTAPPOINT mCcABE ASNEW FBI DIRECTOR.HE IS IN BED WITH DEMOCRATS.WILL BE TERRIBLE FOR YOU & YOUR ADMINISTRATION
Oh yes, while ford just announced its cutting %20 of is workforce sad!
Your ultimate GDP # fell to lowest in 3 YEARS!!! Explain please.
I like big cheeseburgers and I cannot lie.
Good job!!!!
@ncarolina7516 @WSJ Get ready to start packing to French Guiana -Google it
Giant slice of cheese production is way up!
Have you looked at the DOW today? -320 because of YOU!
Two words: Fiscal year. Two more" Barack Obama.  #PutinsCockHolster
Production, maybe, people bustin yheir asses g or the minimum wage? But where's the jobs?
and the markets responded accordingly today .....
What happened to the coal industry?
yes
I like how it looks like giant slices of American cheese. Very appropriately shared by the man who matches that description.
Wow look at that 1 guys job you kept in the picture the country is saved
So many little liberal squids running their mouths flooding @realDonaldTrump Twitter. 
@PrisonPlanet 
@Rambobiggs 
@MarkDice 
@RealAlexJones
President there's no respect in this country....
And the DOW tanked because of your scandals.  #youaretheswamp
And yesterday the stock market lost faith in you by 372 points. Doing great things for America, right? NO.
You had nothing to do with this.
Not because of anything you have done.
good job my president
Keep it up!
Thanks, President Obama!
And the stock market crashes in May because you are a lying lunatic without a grasp on reality!!
Not because of anything you did
Thanks Obama!
Obama trickle down!!
You shouldn't have to tweet about your success I should just show for itself you're not doing too well are you
Have your & @IvankaTrump 's manufacturing returned to the US yet?  Practice what u preach. #Hypocrite #OutsourcedUSJobs #NotPresidential
You haven't passed any jobs legislation yet so....thanks Obama!
Thank you Obama
Obama's policies are paying off! YAY!!!!!
#fakenews
great that means the long steady work of the Obama administration is continuing to make progress.
Amid reports from @Ford they will be laying off 10s of thosands for more profits.  Opening new plants n Mexico. Much of ur BS is Still BS
Isn't it nice Obama could leave the country in such a nice place for you? More for you to ruin: like steaks, travel, or real estate school.
Since you haven't done anything to significantly aid job growth, this must be due to steps that President Obama took before leaving office.
Like this?

https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2017/05/17/ford-motor-co-salary-job-cuts/101783514/ …

Fail.
Thanks to all of the hard work that President Obama did! Stop trying to take credit for what he did.
what are you doing about Ford and GM job CUTS? Are you responsible for that or are you maybe going to blame LBJ.
what about the stock market that collapsed today? MMMM
Dont take credit for that... you didnt do anything, this was helped when Obama was in office, since he is far superior to your inferior self
Trump takes credit for the accomplishments of others, would even take a purple heart if offered & always blames others for his many failings
WooHoo! You're bringing back all the unskilled jobs replaced by automation. And without a decent minimum wage too. #MoreProfits4The1Percent
why are you still in office
I will be so happy to se this "fake news" stop, if ever.  I lost $5000 in my investments today because of this stupidity. A lot of $$ to me!
Oh, really?
Andanidiotsayswhat?
Thanks, Obama!
Isn't that #fakenews
And the stock market plummeted yesterday, thanks to you. You take credit for only positive things and stay quiet about the negative.
Thanks president Obama!!  #obamaeconomy
And the stkmkt dropped 500 pts in 2 days bc of YOU!
Thank God President Obama helped make the economy stronger. Otherwise that surge and prior increases wouldn't have happened! :)
Thank you President Obama!!
Nothing has surged under you.. you're still riding what President Obama put in place
Thanks, Obama. Hilarious you're taking credit for 8 years of hard work from the Obama Administration
While the Dow fell 373 points today. Biggest drop since September. Your dramas are causing bigly problems
Good work!!
Stock market crashed today.
You admin will reap the benifit from the previous one for a few years. Economic recovery was not your doings.

Liar
Thanks to Obama. Trump hasn't done jack shit. #WorstPresidentEver
Thanks, Obama!
Keep the bases because if we leave completely than Russia or China will take over but we need to end The use of our military physically
I get it now. You and only you can identify fake news.
And...this has nothing to do with you.
So that's how they make kraft singles
Government cheese!
Thanks Obama!
But what about FORD, cutting so many jobs in their U.S. plants
Is that cheese?
Proof of 8 yrs of obama's hard work. yeah
No one believes you had much to do with this in 3 months of office.
However jobs are still leaving--->
Is chizzzz???? 
Show us your tax returns,comrade
Also since the Republicans are not really backing you up I think you should be independent like @SenSanders
...and peaked. Auto sales much lower than last April. Dollar deflated over 2015-2016 making it cheaper to buy US goods.
Is this how they make that processed "fake" cheese?
#Trumpeffect
stocks dropped today... bigly
Yeah but now the DOW is falling nothing better than stock market correction to wake your cronies up!
wait a minute? You hate WSJ-according to you it's Fake News????
Thank you President Obama.
Awesome job Mr.President! Keep up the good work and America will finally get back on track.
Not because of you
Because of Obama and the deals he made while still in office.  Nothing you have done has brought jobs, except that fill your pockets.
ALL YOU THINK ABOUT IS THE BIG CORPORATIONS. YOU HAVE FORGOTTEN ABOUT THE ALL THE OTHER SMALL BUSINESSES.
Then why is Ford laying off so many people??
Giving u the credit for this too!!!
Dow slammed by loss of confidence in Trump; closes down 372 points http://nbcnews.to/2rrCsHt  via @NBCNews
Stock market dropped 371 points today...all your fault...sad
.@potus .@realDonaldTrump Are you Suffering from Dementia?
The media, Dems, and RINOs are trying to steal this true economic recovery.
An inheritance you gained from the fantastic Obama presidency. America must be regretting believing your lies. Impeachment awaits, go now!
And the DOW plummeted yesterday
DJT should grant Flynn and Comey Prez Pardons and move on.
@POTUS and not a bit of this is because of you! Treason is more your thing!! #AssholeInChief
Check Obama administration behind the scenes. This is fake...
Awesome!
The only way to recoup what Obama squandered is to work hard AND work smart.
