See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA
Tickets: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/rallies/phoenix-az …



The Great Divider.  Hes not a terrorist, but he sure wants America to change history. Obama is still the most Evil president
When near any Democrat and they are so vile today. The have Paranormal help!
Just say   JESUS JESUS JESUS 
THEIR DEMONS GO NUTS!
Trump brings out the Demons
In Democrats and Rinos and MSM  WOW Mr President  like you hit a demons nest!
Joshua 1:8
This Book of the Law shall not depart from your #mouth, but you shall #meditate in it #day and #night, [1/3]
that you may observe to do according to all that is written in it. For then you will make your #way prosperous, and [2/3]
then you will have good #success. [3/3]
Praying daily for my brilliant leader Donald Trump #AmericaFirst #LawEnforcement #Military #ProLife #BorderWall #Veterans
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
#GOD is with us  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD protect our #Nation  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Matthew 7:7
“Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
Immm... Thank you General Kelly!
Don't say God Bless Anything because if there is a god he screwed us over with you.
Your administration is like a big corrupt jigsaw puzzle...
And Mueller is an expert at Jigsaw puzzles.  Sucks for you!!
Trump can't even spell GOD...

#ResignNowTrump
I saw video of @POTUS shaking the hands of Marines when he landed today in Arizona. So sincere. So interested in them. It makes me proud.


NEWSFLASH: Donald J. Trump is our President.
We know. We're nostalgic for a time when our President tried to serve the whole country, not a base who vote for him.
When in the world did Obama serve the whole country. What a load of crap. Worst potus ever. Totally divided our country. Wake up liberals
Please count to 10 before you criticize. I wrote that he TRIED.  Trump loves conflict: in business, in the West Wing, in the country, etc.
Trump doesn't  conflict. He has no choice but to deal with it because of the lies msm and liberals like you spread. What a joke. #getaclue
you clearly didn't write this you clearly didn't write this one.
Did you resign already?
You are causing mayhem in Phoenix. And then you had the nerve to write this?
Please resign already!
You're putting people in danger in Phoenix. all so you can stroke your ego
I don't wish bad on anyone. But I'm OK with him faking his own death. Works for me!
I was wondering if anyone was going to pick up on that.
Thank you for your hard work President Trump! 

I and many other Americans stand by your agenda to MAGA. 

Best of luck to you!
So you will be one of the people going to war?
Trying to incite that there will be a large scale war with a draft soon is a very strange thing to say.
Yes what's YOUR president doing going around saying such irresponsible things?
(SERIOUS) Curious to see what you feel was irresponsible. 

Can you give me a few examples?
I was making a "joke" that he's the one calling for the escalation of war and a major draft.
Since it's a joke, I assume you know he isn't actually doing anything like that. 

Because that sure didn't sound like a joke.
We can't wait to see your rally!!! 
Thank you for being so incredible for the black community!  but I know the dishonest media won't talk about this! 
More America haters kneeling at the @Browns football game, @nflcommish is a total disgrace! #BoycottNFL his silence is consent! We stand!



@katyperry @justinbieber @SenJohnMcCain

Everything you touch turns to shit
You've bankrupted everything you've been in charge of
Now you are bankrupting our country
You've stolen most of the secret service's funding and pocketed it
We are sick of your abuse of office.
It's been eight months and you haven't gotten anything done
How much longer can you keep this conjob going? How long until your strongest supporters abandon you?
This tweet has more than a 5 word vocabulary. 
Gen Kelly, is that you?

#TrumpResign
Also way to put us on the path to endless war. 
Nice flip flop, you multiple deferment coward.
I see that General Kelly has confiscated your phone again, nice of him to write this tweet for you
From 5 deferment Donald who said this about John McCain: “He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren’t captured.”

I get such a kick out of snowflakes melting! When I'm bored I post a few proTrump memes & yall never let me down with your comedy!! Lololol
And your ignorance always makes me laugh. Thank you. You never let me down.

http://www.roguerightmedia.com/trump-presidency/jewish-american-israel-still-stand-president-trump/ … Please RT POTUS.
3 Years, 4 Months, 28 Days, 17 Hours, 47 Minutes, and 56 Seconds
7 years, 4 mos, 28 days, 17 hrs, 44  min
I'm curious to c how the left can twist this negatively. God bless you mr . President, I pray that 1 day Canada can have a leader like u
 just take this one pretty please 
Sorry but he's yours to keep, eh.

Say 20 Hail Marys and go in peace.  You are forgiven.
Thank you for providing hope for many Americans. Under your leadership, America will prevail.
Hope, courage and pride ?? The heart & soul of #DonaldTrump is full of arrogance, jealousy and hatred only. #LockHimUp #TrumpRallyPhoenix
Cleveland plays Boston the first game of the season
I voted for you, but you're wrong, we have not "always prevailed." We didn't prevail in Vietnam.
We will not prevail in Afghanistan either.
The only "win" the American people can have in Afghanistan is if we leave.
Your new Afghanistan policy is only going to result in more Americans being sent home in body bags before we eventually leave.
Temporarily liberating some slum in Afghanistan from the Taliban would not be worth the life of my son.
Would it be worth the life of yours?
This clearly isn't you writing the tweets anymore. Did they take away your twitter?
Yes Kelly had my phone. I got stoned and played Call Of Duty. Again.
#imhigh #stoner
It warms my heart and brings tears to my eyes to see, once again, a president who loves and respects our military. Thank you Mr. President!
Donald smokes dope
If only....we would be much safer if he did!
God Bless President Trump #MAGA
Amen.

Love that pic! Thanks for sharing.
About as dense as he is then!
Nice trolling! Have a great night!! Bot!
better than a bimbo.
God Bless America! God Bless Donald J. Trump!!  #MAGA
Serious?
Thanks Mark. And and a very grateful thanks for your service.
I was just national guard but I don't my time I think every boy should serve 3 then they will be respectful men.
I hear ya seemed like they sent more if us then they did marines in dessert storm.

I get such a kick out of snowflakes melting! When I'm bored I post a few proTrump memes & yall never let me down with your comedy!! Lololol
Is that including all of the white supremacists & nazis you struggle to denounce?
Victory? We are not at war Are you starting one to distract from ur questionable business practices & Russia investigation? We didn't forget
massive protests underway in Phoenix.  We don't want you here !
Victory? Over what?
What are you even talking about?
Typical snowflake doesn't understand victory
Is victory what happens when civilians have to step in to stop a race war bc #45 is too stupid and racist to do it himself?
Black lives matter promotes hate and violence and Obama welcome them into the White House. Obama is a disgrace
My mom also taught me not to lie unlike your mother who apparently didn't believe in parenting
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls & everlasting pride in each & every one o… htt...
Not a great strategy for Afghanistan. A looming disaster; unfair to our troops; a waster of taxpayers money
Why do you repeat this? It's generic dribble, not quotable at all. Do you think THEIR uniforms give YOU gravitas? NO. You're still fake.
Didn't you say that it wasn't our job to police the globe during your campaign?
We just want you out
A picture paints a thousand words.
Very proud to be an American very proud to be a trump supporter I'm very proud of you mr. President
It's about time we took the gloves off and gave our enemies the worst we have let's destroy them quickly no matter where they hide
Take my babies
Is Mexico still paying for the wall? Why are you asking congress for money?
You will blather on to failure, not victory, until you either get meds, resign or worse. We see who you are, #MAGA batshit crazy.
I couldnt agree more!
Have your seen your pol numbers lol WE are prevailing against evil!!
#FakePresident #ResignTrump #LoserTrump
[ AM WITH YOU PRESIDENT
Fake words from a fake president. Warm up the old Trump plane for your defection to Russia Donny Boy. Any day now.
Remember, When the Commander and Chief is weak and iffy it is felt through the ranks. I been there at ground grunt level. And ya Need a 
Gonna tell my kids how much I was not like you. They'll respect me
If I was President I would send her a Marshall stack. This has been 8 years of watching you grow up. I friigin luv ya.
No way you wrote this
American people deserve a public servant,  who has the job of President.  You aren't a king. You work for all of us.
Afghanistan is a 16 year loss and you're too gutless to call it.  #NoMilitarySolution
We push on with pain in our hearts, much concern for your mental stability, & steeled for the battle to save democracy!
Looks like the anti-Trump crowd outside is bigger than the fools inside. Resign today #FakePresident
You have no right being prez. You only think about yourself. Your the third anti-Christ and we're getting tried of your child like behavior
Draft dodger.
Yes we will!  We'll push on until you are removed from office!!  You are hated!  #RESIGN or be Removed!
They do something you were too cowardly to do yourself! Another one of your lies!?

And the KKK leading the way. Right where u put them
Says the *man* with "bone spurs". #PutinsCockHolster #LeavenworthBound #Embarrassment #Liar #NiceDeferment
Mr Trump by deployin 4k more troops mean more deaths of US soldiers in Afg stop being foolish
I quess the military-industrial complex always wins.  No wonder Eisenhower warns us about this.
There is no courage in your soul, you are petty, vindictive, jealous, bigoted and ignorant.
God wants nothing to do with America while you're still involved.
Reading the prompter trump couldn't care less about our military heros

As usual you've given no specifics of an actual plan or deadlines just kept it very vague as you don't have a clear strategy on how to win
I get that but at least sound like you have a plan  not his usual vague nonsense when he talks about anything that requires serious thought
U want 2 divide military! How can u unite the country? Transgender in the military chose 2 do what u refused 2 do, serve!
More deaths, more out of sight spending, all for the benefit of the few
When are you going to deal with those parasitic generals that are surrounding you?
So proud
Liar in Charge, the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!  Dante Alighieri
The REAL issue is RUSSIA TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON-JAIL

Finally a leader who does what he says , you have our support president trump ..
Fake tweeter
Resign
Then he turns and devides the country if he can't be for all people he should not be president # you all brainwashed
Mr. President please investigate Awan Brothers court case!  Make America great again!
So your adding 3,900 soldiers making 12k in Afghanistan. There was 120k before & failed, now Taliban has 40% of Afghanistan
You promised to withdraw from Afghanistan now what 12k is going to accomplish what? Bin Laden is dead, Al Qaeda gone coward
How can we have hope when you keep setting up an "us v. them" mentality, and people of color are the "them"?
Except CNN, journalists, liberals, Nazis, antifa, anti protestors, John McCain, Megyn Kelley, Comey, Mueller, all of New Hampshire, & trans
A military victory is impossible. Haven't you studied history?
mniI
We will push onward to #resist w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls & everlasting disgust for this administration. God Bless America.
What God are you praying to? Can't be Jesus Christ's one..
What mainstream Republican wrote that for you? If you haven't got those words in your brain, your mind, or your heart. Time to get impeached
BaRf!
how proud we are of our military and all branches of law enforcement. So proud of you Mr President!
In the name of Jesus, I claim VICTORY and strength and courage for all God's warriors!
God bless the folks who protest against the groups YOU admire.
WE MUST DRAIN THE SWAMP !!
Amen
It's EZ to tell tweets written by #tRUmp's ghost writers vs ones written by #DonTheCon himself by the CAPS & #fakenews references. #resist
Define Victory! Do you intend to achieve this Victory before you leave office? Or will this be another Trump Leadership Failure? #TrumpLies
Our fervent hope is that there wull bed a country left when you resign or get impeached.  Worst president since Andrew Johnson.
You have no clue what courage is - or service either.  #COWARD
Trump time to resign with a least some dignity
Your sons are within legal age to go to war. Are you going to set an example and have them go first? Seems like they like to kill things.
God bless America & God bless u Mr. President! Ur heart is w America & shows n all u do! Evil forces trying to destroy us. We shall prevail!
Ghost author.

I love President Trump! He is a gift from God who is restoring and healing a wounded America.

I don't care how tough a Soldier acts he needs to hear that ALL folks in America support them 1st and its not about President its about them
You are an insecure what about me man!  An incompetent embarrassment to this country
Thank you Mr President, you are getting it done in spite of the obstacles put in your way
Fixed it "We will push onward to victory"..."& everlasting pride in each & every one of you." Except for the trans in the military, I guess!
We will never wn this f war bring our sons /daughters home
You don't deserve to be commander in chief to the greatest military in the world
tRump gives a recycled @POTUS44 speech re. Afghanistan. Sadly, his delivery did not match that of his predecessor.
Stop creating a divide.U R Aloving this but it costing U millions in lost revenue.Stop,look & listen to us,ur base is not the majority now
let's make sure these two are the first to enlist for your Afghanistan mission. You're quick to send other's sons/husbands/fathers.
Gen. Kelly tweets nicely.
the not real you.
Don't you mean only the foolish Republican's that believe your lies???
Pride girth before a fall. God resists the proud gives grace to the Humble. What do you mean by pride? Stop stumbling over this vile word.
The never ending war!
U are killing the military in yet another distraction away from the Russian issue. Using human life is despicable. Send your FAMILY FIRST!
We aren't there for victory.
So glad #america has its balls back  thank you all who believe in our #potus & keeping #usa & beyond free from the next born #isis
Interest on Putin loans must be due. Rallies are a good part-time "job" for donnie john.
What movie did you watch last night? These words sound like something from a 1940's movie. 
This statement is unfortunately caveated
by alt-@POTUS's NASTY VIEW
of LGBT service members.  

So sad we have a bigoted tired old man CIC.
and you'll see it ripped apart if its the last thing you do right? new father figure steve convince you we need a civil war for the turning?
Managing a country is not like running a casino.
When "we" push you ass outta the WH then "our" hope will be restored.
Yes we will as we push you and your crime family onward out the door and out of the country for good.
No one believes you.
Not a Trump tweet. Someone wrote this for him.
Don't include me in your BS
Former national intelligence director questions Trump's fitness for office
In 1776 25K American soldiers died in the Revolution to gain our freedom. The Emoluments Clause was so no foreign power could buy it back.
More Bull from the liar trump
Yes We do need God to help remove you before you destroy our great USA
WHY DO YOU EVER READ FROM A TELEPROMPTER WHEN YOU DO NOT BELIEVE WHAT YOU ARE SAYING. IS THAT NOT BEING FAKE?YOUR LYING ABOUT YOURSELF! LIAR
I feel sorry for our troops. They don't have a choice whether they want to sit and listen to your blather. #FakePresident #RealNails
TelePrompTer

And with a belly of a beast?
We'll push forward until you resign
They do not deserve to die for your pride. Their families don't deserve to carry the weight of your deceit. My wish is for their safety.
A great speech! I wanted to cheer.

You have full fledged dementia, coupled with severe psychological disorders. Step down. Resign now. #TrumpResign.
should come to Oklahoma!!!!!
Unless you are LGBT. Empty words.
