Great imagination you have.
Kicking it old school, coffee! Haven't gotten my daily sip of coffee in a while...
No you don't want them to be themselves.   You want them to pledge allegiance to you, your crooked deals, and your horrific agendas.
Riiiiiiiiiiight.
RED STATES VOTED FOR YOUR VIEWS! DRAIN THE SWAMP!! RED STATES DID NOT VOTE FOR YOUR CABINET. FEAR BROKEN PROMISES. #MAGA
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump 2/2 actually, that exactly what you voted for. That's how our government works. Also, lay off
2/2 the caps lock, tough guy. You'll strain your voice, yelling like that.
MAGA MAN. EYES. VOICE. RED STATES. MAGA MAN.  PROMISE WATCHER. #MAGA
That's pretty funny given #Trump @POTUS history of winging it and not listening to advice from aides/cabinet members w/ more experience. #Tillerson #McEntee #MAGA ????
Unstable sick dangerous man
Yeah Right.
Lol
Unless they disagree with you 
and then he said..." I want my cabinet to be themselves and express their thoughts, not mine"
If they do, I’ll fire them.
Thanks for being the worst president in history ever :)
you are really tweeting at 3 am .
Sure, Donnie. Whatever you say.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
No, they're so super not. Also, you'd have to actually have content in the brain for anyone to *express,* so that's not an issue. Clearly.
Total.  Chaos.
OMG Well, sounded like DeVos shared hers and yours since it was incoherent, nonsensical ramblings. #DumbTrump
That's a joke @POTUS #LiarInChief @WhiteHouse Looking forward to the day you get to clean out your desk!
and stormy Daniels wants to express her thoughts.
Pictures.videos..LMAO
Yet when they do you don’t even have the guts to tellthem they are fired face to face. Bone spur acting up again coward?@realDonaldTrump
Lol, no one believes you!
don the con, such a liar.

ok good for your cabinet
Naw.  They have to demonstrate loyalty to you.  That's your number one requirement.  Egomaniac.
You effing liar! U said the FBI director should report to you too,nut job! OH MY GOD, that is blood chilling, ur stupidity!
RESIGN
Why is @RandPaul bring this up
Like hell he does!
Vote for @BTS_twt for #BBMAs' Top Social Artist using this hashtag #BTSBBMAs
Please tell me you have a mind of your own. Believing Trump Really You're smarter than that! Blv altfacts?
especially #michaelflynn and #jeffsessions
@braddavisdylan
you are doing a great job. I am behine you all the way. Love you. GB.
.@realDonaldTrump Nice job on picking Flynn. He just broke a new record of the shortest time in office.
we are all laughing at you, at your whole clan of grifters, at all your surrogates. We see right through the lot of you.
bing bong
but their thoughts suck and so do yours #showmeyourbirthcertificate
Right, thoughts are perverse, and align with your sick mind
Go Trump Go!
that's a scary thought.  I'm not sure who is worse, you or them.
They are a disaster,  you only fool the ignorant and uneducated.  We know all about your incompetent cabinet and their desire to destroy.
great
Do you know what a toadie is @realDonaldTrump ? It's what you surround yourself with.  You should read about The Emperor's New Clothes.
it's a no from me
. When I reply to your tweets is it Mr President or just Don, if I have a gripe I don't want to seem arrogant.
Eisenhower had his "8 millionaires and a plumber;" you're in good company! Doing a phenomenal job! Keep it up!
so hoping you leave the White House in a straight jacket.
Keep this promise and don't fire them when they disagree with you. Presidential impeachment is not impossible.
Conversion therapy, repealing healthcare, making our country white! Don't talk about ME, since it's the only thought I have
they need to be listening and responding to America, not just doing what they want.
are you talking about cabinet nominees or fucking children???
You're doing GREAT MR. PRESIDENT! PRESIDENT TRUMP....GAWD HOW I LOVE THE SOUND OF THAT! THE JUST SPEAKS GREATNESS!
your cabinet choices are absolutely horrible. Further proof you're a clueless fool. No wonder you lost the popular vote
They're not looking good or doing a great job. You're ruining our country.
the only one I dissatisfied with is Ben Carson
WHAT AN EFFING JOKE ON USA.
Wow, they must be so proud that you're treating them like grownups. Now if only you'd stop expressing Putin's thoughts.
However, @SeanSpicer better say exactly what he is told to say, eh?
@Lennydaman as they should! They will do a great job, that's why you picked them
then why doesn't the woman in charge of education not know what a pell grant is?
! Kindly look into Nigerias challenges and find solublle solutions.
congratulations on successful election as American 45th President. Am Mazi Okocha Ukpere Victor from Benin City, Nigeria.
I have great faith in your choices, my President!
=I have a lot of unqualified billionaire friends I have to pay off with jobs, so I really need them to get these positions.
your cabinet nominees with the highest iq s vs you and your supporters with the lowest
good
very surprised you allow anyone the freedom to be honest but happy to hear
They should probably finish filling out all their ethics forms and know what they're talking about in their hearings.
since you haven't the slightest clue what you are doing, that would be a good decision. Good job!
all looking like billionaire, ex kkk, white supremacists and exploitative capitalists, drain the swamp, you grew from swamp
Not all of them..........maybe 2 or 3
And that should comfort us?
their thoughts are just as corrupt as yours you p of s
none of you should express any of your thoughts.
That is the way to govern.
congrats
all are unqualified, like you
You the man trump
Kör adam için elmasla taş aynıdır inşallah siz gören gözlre duyan kulaklara sahipsınızdır
I hope it pours on all those protesters.!
I'm CONFUSED, They ARE DOING A Great Job By SAYING They DISAGREE With MOST Of The CRAZY stuff you say.
Somebody is lying? You or them. No matter who it is we the American people are certifiably fucked
your ed. sect. has to go- inner city jobs need education, charter schools aren't how! Look at Duncan's resume vs. hers! Sad
tolerating your cabinet picks, aren't any worse than the Democrats but hope alligators are better than their crocodiles.
Please encourage help to retirees (me) and our soldiers. We are important!
so basically let a cabinet full of biggots do what they want
Your cabinet nominees are all crooked corporate thieves just like you.
between d '90 & '92 Reynolds campaign? Just like d @carsonscholars program!! I'll write @RealBenCarson w/my #idealfrom1991
I can STILL use @RealBenCarson 2 help me cuz @Sneedlings knows d 1991 Reynolds Foundation I helped Me Reynolds 2 start in
; 
The most reactionary, bigoted, and confederate cabinet since the revolution!
All? I think not. Your Education secretary is embarassing.
PleaseRemainYourself!
People didn't vote for another G.Bush!
They voted for @realDonaldTrump !
#Cooperation!NOT accepting others #domination
what happened to draining the swamp you're such a hypocrite!
But people voted for YOU!
They will judge U in the next election!
@realDonaldTrump Please don't lose the control of your cabinet!
,I love you sir, I am a Biafran.
Seriously? None of them have actually answered the questions put to them, none are qualified(including you)to do these jobs
GREAT thought.
I'm all for your choice of Cabinet, having their own $$  they won't want to take the pychecks of  hard working Citizens.
how about we get a,wants and needs list going for our new president what ya think? America great again
they have thoughts?
@TeamTrump illegal immigrants are rounding themselves up. Need immigration busses, please. Send them back!  1st decision
@TeamTrump thousands of illegal immigrants will be protesting your inauguration. Can u get a couple busses for immigration
it's a coincidence that he voted on medical legislation and buys stocks in companies he has influence of? Unethical .
how does your unethical guy who is repealing the ACA not know what he buys in the stock market? You get confirms. He knows.
I'm not sure what you are watching sir. Vos seems incompetent, your guy who is going to repeal ACA is unethical.
That is true leadership. Good call.
Old mother Hubbard had more in her cupboard! Weak, know nothings!
Yoyr cabinet nominees are completely unqualified. DeVos doesn't know basic facts.
You just nominated the billionaires you're buddy buddy with.  You're a disgrace of a president elect.  And an American.
You are blessing us with the most fantastic picks!  I am so impressed! God bless them..continued success SO AMAZING
They are horrible picks. I'm still waiting for my cabinet position.
you mean cite Putin's thoughts
yes...Highly recommend everyone brings a gun to the inauguration..Might be some grizzlies there...Ask Betsy Devos
don't succumb to the pro-war trio of graham rubio McCain  they would have us fighting 10 wars!!make our troops lives count!
yeah. The .1%. Drain the swamp? I guess you're lucky the majority of Americans were stupid enough to vote for you.
BS
That's a laugh...time will tell
your nominee for education is looking very uniformed and inexperienced. So sad!
They cant be themselves or you will fire them lol
They are a #BasketofDeplorables Putin's picks, I'm sure, set to destroy our government. They want to destroy their own dept
Give the seats of the Dems not going to the inauguration to the construction workers that set up the stands.
you the president dude what u mean 
Too bad you didn't have to go through a vetting process.Sad when cabinet picks r made to answer to more than the president!
TrumpSuperPAC President Trump.....  PLEASE make a different choice than DeVos.  She is NOT what us conservative MOMS want.
. She is the Devil in disguise.  Cant you see thru her.  She is a Hillary but Republican.
That's great of him!
they are White Supremacist! @funder @cnn #TheResistance #AlledgedPresident
perfect
Betsy Devos is following ur advise. Answered "Yes" 2 ? if she would describe ur words on AH tape as sexual assault.
great idea
So you like the way those point white hats and swastikas look on your cabinet members
"drain the swamp" promise already a lie
Don't worry no sane human being would have your thoughts
Sure.  That's why you only appoint billionaires exactly like you.
WRONG! SAD!
I AGREE WITH YOU.  KEEP TALKING STRAIGHT AND TALKING STRAIGHT TO US.
Thoughts? You? Good one!
You are the ONLY pres to nominate ppl who r COMPLETELY unqualified for the job unless your intentionally destroying the USA
cabinet hopefuls are a sorry bunch of sleazebags and outright crooks. Of course those would be the people you would know!
Please pick someone else for education secretary! She does NOT know what she is talking about! She isn't qualified!
You aer a winner brother and so will your team be
Of course you do, if they follow your thoughts, they will not be nominated.
divest then
a cabinet full of racists
they all are just as rich as you and will only take care of the rich, not the poor.
No, you just want them to make even more money than they are now... on the backs of people that actually work hard
Nvr been a fan of Ur Arrogance & Bragging. So what Ur Rich. Go abt the job u were given the golden key for.
$10,000 a month for a drug that cost 1/10 overseas? big ripoff don't let Ryan talk you into giving into them. Stay strong.
And do their best to destroy the Departments you put them in charge of? That's EXACTLY what some of them REPEATEDLY called for in past.
When's the last time you had your eyes examined? While we're at it, when's the last time you've had your head examined?
Even if they tell you that you might want to re-think your hair and makeup? (Nice suits, though, so there's that…)
You don't pay attention to the news then. That's right, it's fake, just like everything about you is fake.
NO they aren't.  One has perjured themselves, 2 have absolutely impossible conflicts.  Three want to dismantle democracy.
3 of them are not in good sharp. Stop exaggerating
What happend to draining the swamp? Also how are you gonna put people who have no clue what theyre doing as far ad their jobs go? Morons
the obstructionists need to allow you to get on to governing on the 20th - How to confirm quickly your cabinet?
That's what we are all afraid of
How are they doing a great job Donald? What is the minimum net worth you have set for them?
they all suck take off the rose-colored glasses
Because you don't have any thoughts you empty windbag of shit. Can't wait to see you on trial for TREASON! #TRAITORNCHIEF
how can they be doing a great job when they haven't taken office yet. #growup
All crooks like you.
look again
A good approach;   otherwise, why go through so much  effort in choosing your cabinet?
great nominations. 100% Behind your choices
