Wish the mainstream media would show the same respect that @POTUS and @FLOTUS display.
They are Leading by Example. 
And tonight we are #winning 

This is HOW we, The People, #MAGA 

Don't you love it?  I DO.
These are the moments, but we MUST remain focused. We can NOT let our guard down.
We are all sorry for what happened to Otto.  
For your Info. in 7 years under Obama, 10 N. Korean prisoners were released.
@FoxNews
But Otto wasn't one of them.  I guess the others don't matter.
Thank you so much for bringing him home. Seems that he held on so that he could die at home, in peace surrounded by people that loved him.
You made that happen when no one else would. ♡
Thank also sweden for bringing Otto Warmbier  home
You're not kidding. Just Trump's small contribution means so much to his parents and America! Now, let's get the drones on Kim Jong Un!
Ill believe you give a crap about the American people when you veto AHCA
This whole bullshit story is about the fact that "those people" are getting subsidies while the undereducated white whiners are not!

You didn't do anything great, sad but true N Korea just didn't want Warmbier to die on their soil !! You did call him one smart cookie !!
You obviously have no clue how this all works. Why are people so caught up in everything, but still so blind? #CNNmisinforming #DNClies is y
And action is what is about to happen.   I believe we are about to cut the head off the serpent and do it very effectively
Get over it! He is a piece of trash! Has no feelings and uses this platform for himself!!
It's a shame you needed to do this but glad he is at peace.  Thank you for doing what Obama was too weak and self serving to do. #RIPOtto
You have no clue!!
I appologize. I had no ideaUwere the master of all knowledge. I humbly bow down to your superior knowledge of all Obama did 2bring him home.
What a stupid response.
Well you'd be the expert on stupidity so I thank you for making my day.
My heart goes out to these people. I know what it's like to loose a son. May God bring them justice and peace.
#CLTV Trump Blamed Obama For Otto Warmbier's Death #FuckTrump #TrumpLeaks
Nice language - first word out of your .  Why comment on our President's tweet.  I detest and detested BO, never once followed him.
I'm on the left, this is an American tragedy. No place for party politics here. Very saddened. Tnx for your statement Mr. President.
Why did you speak with admiration about the leader of North Korea? Do you still think he is a "smart cookie"? #Otto #UVA
I suggest that before students or aid workers enter a questionable country, they are briefed on the traditions and laws of that country.
To all Nations!! The Family of Jehovah condems torturing of prisoners to the brink of death.Change your policies to be more humane Amen!!
Thank you President Trump and First Lady. I am thankful he died at home with his family. May he RIP.
Laying blame is your game. Did u 4get how much u idolized Kim jung un while Otto Warmbier was being held in North Korea. Sad. Very Sad.
What about #PhilandoCastile parents?
We're waiting for you to blame Obama for this Donny Boy
Death for a college-age prank(?) - how absurdly horrific!
I am openly not a "fan", but this tragedy goes beyond partisan politics.
God bless and protect America
Please do all you can to get Pastor Andrew home from Turkey. He's my nephew and a great man.


"Yeah whatever, why u ain't give condolences to my baby cuzin sista Shameeka who lost her life? Cuz she ain't rich white man." < Libtard
If you think Otto should have been brought home sooner why didn't YOU bring him home sooner? You'd rather blame someone else.
And where are the other 3.
Right If Trump is better at bringing prisoners home from N Korea why hasn't he already brought the ones taken since Jan 20? @realdonaldtrump
His fate , sadly, was sealed when he was arrested. North Korea released him only because they knew he was dying.
What effort are you taking to release the 2 Americans taken under your watch? #resist #indivisible
While Obama was president, he secured the release of 10 Americans from North Korea. Those are the facts.
I completely support your efforts to destroy this regime.  What they did to Otto is evil and they cannot continue to do this to others.
Mr president! This microphone which is on the table is belong to China Central Television!https://twitter.com/degewa/status/877113013135785985 …
But no response on these horrors ... unbelievable!!
gotten them released yet?   That is something you should be able to handle in just a day!  So, better get working on it.
be released from a prison in Venezuela. things are ramping up there.
Someone there must've filled you in on who Otto is. Thank you for taking a moment from playing Atari to wish condolences to his family.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for returning Otto home to his family. Heartbreaking what those savages did to him. God bless the Warmbiers
Stop blaming Obama and apologize for ALL your mistakes. They are too numerous to count. Do you have a calculator?
Awful,thank you Mr  President for bringing him home
You've been in office 5 long dreary months! Why didn't you get him out with your fine negotiating skills you touted during your campaign!?
you R a poor excuse for a human being. UR time in the hereafter will be 1 of zero luxuries, w/no one 2cheer 4U & no one that is loyal
speaking to rump
#TrumpRussia
Thank you Mr President for bringing Otto home to his parents and family !!! 
so sad...this North Korean detector should be brought down
Such a horrible slow murder of a promising young man. 
China can stop them! Question is
Will they?
Will there be revenge Donald?
Yes. A definitely a tragedy.  Unfortunately our worthless ex-president  did absolutely nothing to help this young man.
Hearts are broken all across our nation including mine
donald are you trying at all for your country
It is sad, but what kind of fool goes to NK on vacation?
I think we are near to the people massing for a D.C. and media beatdown!
Thank you Mr President for bringing him home. It's very sorrowful that America lost him, but I'm sure he was hanging on to make it home. Sad
I have
hard times tweeting , their testing my fortitude, and strength,I will never give up on America 
You shouldnt back down from saying NK is responsible for Otto's death. This regime must be held responsible&the other prisoners released
Save it you dont mean it
Please help our, I know you also have many reasons about you can't do it. But please think with Japan, China, Korea in the future more!!!
How about doing the same for the student teacher lost their lives in San Bernardino school and I come to dc and we get smart safe act past
So sad for them..
As many of us do, and we also mourn the death of #PhilandoCastile MURDERED by a BAD COP. Only a Racist could ignore his ColdBlooded death...
Thank you for bringing him home!! At least he was surrounded by love in his final days. Obama did NOTHING! Disgraceful!!
I'm not a fan of President Trump,but the criticism of everything he does is getting a little crazy. He had to come out and publicly condemn
Any person who travels to NK knows NOT TO DEFACE or STEAL.He was prewarned of the travel rules. This kid brought this on himself by his acts
But I thought you would be honored to have Kim Jong-un at the White House?
Yeah no. Won't be backing off.
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier.
Where is Joshua Holt and his wife Laura?  You know the couple being held hostage in a Venezuelan prison for a year now?  Why haven't you
Don't try and tell me that you don't know about, because that would be an outright lie, another
And the families of those killed in Portland?
It's time to send a fat seeking missile right up sum ting wong's flabby ass! that's what Americans think! #OttoWarmbier
Otto is not a hero. He was a hero because he was captured. I like tourists who weren't captured
The Russian bots are SO DAMN OBVIOUS. It's COMICAL AT THIS POINT!
How could Obama admin say HUSH ,could HE or any parent sleep,eat,breath or warm themselves w/o their OTTO!? #OTTO
Where's your letter of condolences to the family of #NabraHassanen? A 17 y/o Muslim in VA? You disgust me! #TheResistance #NotMyPresident
good
You did NOTHING to help that young man, FAKE PRESIDENT. You ask Putin 4 everything else, why not his help 2 get this son back 2 his parents?
I couldn't agree more.  :(  I would give that monster 24 hours to release all of our Americans; if not, his immediate permanent removal!
At least you tried to help him President Trump. Your predecessor Barack Obummer did NOTHING.
Ayo Donnie when you gonna offer your condolences to the young men who died in the line of duty in the Navy this past Friday?
What hurts is all the cross blame and name calling....we may have different minds but we are one heart.
@POTUS 
I hope here is a way to send a message to North Korea by say, bombing their top Military installation.....
POTUS, please destroy the missile launch sites in N. Korea.. it's about time!!!
It amazes me that something positive and kind can be attacked with haters. Thankyou President Trump, stay strong and don't let dems get@ you
Melania and you don't care about anybody but yourselves.
Dear mr trump please engage in et alien disclosure 2017 please help humanity with cures and new healing technologies
I am so very sad for this young man, and his poor family.
Really??? From a man with no heart or soul. Melania I would believe. Where's your condolences to the Muslim's run down by your kind?
You still haven't offered condolences to Nabra Hassanen's family, or to the families in Oregon. What's the matter with you? #FakePresident
What about the family of law-abiding, permit carrying #PhilandoCastile? No words for them?
Fuck trump
They took him out so he can't tell us the truth about what happened and to blame their boogieman NK
How about it Mr president I thought u cared about children you have no idea how dangerous our schools are its time we act I thought u cared
Colline. Bol de nier initiative
Let's get rid of little Hitler.
That is the most meaninful thing (I think) you have ever said. You may be human after all.
Thank you for getting Otto home. MSM won't say it so you will hear from the people!  Thank you Sir.
Thing is under your healthcare plan, he wouldn't have qualified for healthcare because of pre existing conditions. #hypocrite #DontheCon
Dennis Rodman a better diplomat than fake45. Donnie you're good at being a criminal and a shit human being. These inherent traits are trump.
We need to #exterminate #NorthKorea We can not let this stand without answering back. The NK leader should be tortured to death live on TV
Well, if we really want Kim Jong to be killed, we should tell him to threaten to leak info on the Clintons. That seems to get people killed.
China has no credibility. they are  supplying & supporting kimjongfatboys land of  human horrors &  nuclear threats.China did not help Otto
Took you 5 months??? Nothing to brag about, if you were quicker he might be alive. Sad!
My Deepest condolences to the Family
of Otto Warmbier. May he Rest in Peace and may his soul be reunited with our loving God in Heaven.
A tricky but good question. When is terror a failure? Why would a u just blow yourself up & not kill others? Hard 2sell the idea! #Brussels
KOREA NEEDS TO PAY DEARLY.  They need to know they can't kill US citizens.
Warmbier's parents are grieving but don't blame Obama. He was targeted dead when he stepped into N. Korea! After he touched that poster!
No one could save him even if he was home after 10 mos.  ago. He was brain dead 18 mos. ago. You wanted DEVIL in Oval Office! HONORED! Idiot
Ok scout, so why didn't you get him out on your "Day One" or any day since then? Put your $ where your mouth is and get the others out NOW.
@realDonaldTrump wanted Obama to free them on the first day. How is 45 any different? I guaranty you he is doing zero to free the others
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/06/19/statement-president-donald-j-trump-passing-otto-warmbier … http...
##@
The mother of my kids is mistreating my children and doing drugs around them.
this kid you care about?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
I doubt your wife cares..
This well composed statement is what all your tweets should look like.
Any plans to get the remaining American prisoners out of there?
Thanks! President. You did great job. Thank you for bring Otto come home. Please die out North Korea as soon as possible.
Melania probably doesn't even know what that means, I mean, she must be an idiot to marry and have a kid with you. #RIPAmerica
We all feel sick about this. He should have been brought home sooner.
Five!
Great. Can you expand your list of condolences plz? Be more inclusive plz. Be Compassionate plz. That or plz resign Sir.
All America needs to rally around our military in Leavenworth and right the wrong done by the Obama PC regime.
Please free our wrongfully warriors in Leavenworth prison. Their own govt. committed a horrific injustice to them. PLEASE
he is not the only one- what are you doing about others???
Tragic! My heart goes out to the family. Blessings from UK.
But, you wanted to meet Kim Jong Un because he is a "smart cookie". What suddenly changed?
I love you and Mel absolute babes
He took a flag after he was watned Not to do which is a crime over there!
So compassionate.... Now go kick 23 million off health insurance....  And stiff some contractors while youre at it...
A lot me people will die because of your health care changes .
Can you update the American people on the 3 Americans still in captivity in North Korea? What are your plans for getting them released?
What about the parents of Sandra Bland who died mysteriously in a US  prison? Otto broke NK law while Sandra had not committed any crime.
So sad and an example of why US needs to be a beacon of hope and strength for the world.
Sad that this vicious assassin can get away with this. Our prayers go out to the Warmbier family.
You say this when there is evidence of how "HONORED" you would be to meet Kim Jong Un. You're disgusting.
Please save California from all these Crooks they are making it hard for Americans. It is if they are having their own private elections.
Standing tall for the American people, that is the way to do It Mr. President,  Proud of you as my ptedident
It is AWEFUL what they did to this young man! Get a set of "nads" and punish that fat little dictator.
Ok, and.....what are you doing about it
It is so sad this happened and my deepest condolences goes out to the family.
President Obama would have called them that's the difference of class!
Only you would use another man's death to gloat.  #Resign
Which means none at all.
At least you got him home President Trump..He was able to go to Heaven with his family there with him.He's safe now thank u
Again as bad as my life struggle has been I can see d POWER of d Word of GOD & d prayer cuz my #HolySpirit written prayers work #myfaith
you could care less - if you cared about people why are you trying to pass a bill that will cause sick children and elderly to die - sick!
Why are you such a racist?
I felt so sorry for this kid and I could tell Trump was not happy about announcing his passing after they got him home.. Least someone did.
I think what the family deserves for condolences is justice for Otto and his family. NK deserves a taste of their own cruelty.
I think NK should get a message an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth that when you are messing with one you are amessing with us all.
Where's your statement for Philando Castile's family?
Thank you Mr. President for standing strong during such a horrible horrible tragedy for the warmbier family and getting Otto outI
Liar. You do have tapes. They would hang you. So let's deny.
