Donald! Washington and Jefferson did not go to war against the U.S. (in order to keep their slaves!). Big difference!
Most confederate soldiers were drafted they didn't have a choice they were  poor and didn't own slaves!

 http://www.wtv-zone.com/civilwar/condraft.html …
Its beside the point its history its in your history books so that the young can learn how thier once great country used to be before Obama
Obama was a much better President then Trump could EVER hope to be
BWAHAHAHA!
Such an intelligent reply.....not
Because you made an unintelligent reply.....yes
I don't make unintelligent replies

...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson?...

Here's clue. Confederate history IS NOT American History. Honestly, the REAL President of the UNITED STATES would know that.
Can't learn from it by ignoring its atrocities. Slavery & Confederates that fought to maintain it should not be revered
Waw Mr President I love u from my hrt!!!
And we all know this is a cover up on the slavery issue crap what bout a blck man that was a slave owner and sold slaves
And once again POTUS is right again
Couldn't agree MORE!!!!
They are going after Jefferson Washington stone mountain and mount rushmore teddy Roosevelt but tn,Ga,Alabama has law can't remove #MAGA
We don't want to promote more racism and hate.
Rude of you to deface a founding father painting like that! Acting like Children once again. Shame on you!
what do *you* learn from glorifying traitors, Mr. President?
Political Correctness has gone bonkers! Please don't let the anarchy continue.
Did you pass US History?  Do you understand that Lee fought the USA?  How do you compare him to Washington.
Lee also fought for the US and was very anti-slavery, people tend to disregard that
No we don't forget, but what we really remember is that he was a traitor.  He had a choice, and he sided with the Confederates.
He sided with the state of Virginia, he was a traitor no matter which side he fought for
If he had sided with the US, he would've been a hero for the US! And we wouldn't be having this conversation. Lee was a traitor to the US!
Are the people who fought for America in the revolution traitors? What about the Irish who fought to be a free state?
By definition if you fought the US - yes you're a traitor. Lee fought against the US - he's a traitor.
And if Lee had fought against Virginia he would also be a traitor
why dont you save the statues and put one in all your hotels, or outside the entrance.then you and friends can see all the time
Because most of his hotels ends up failing a year later
#Confederate symbols/statues r a painful reminder of a dark history of #slavery n #injustice n should NOT be promoted, celebrated or missed
do you disavow the violent ALT left (Anti-fa)?
I feel like your a online president
Call me ignorant, but I thought Lincoln, said the war was over taxes.  It was just mentioned to a group of workers, that it was over taxes.
With all do respect sir u were raised in a kkk family your dad was arrested in a kkk rally in 1927 in queens NY! Your fucking racist too !!!
people claim they know what they are fighting for: take a history lesson before you react!
Or  the 13th amendment says we won't be slaves except by crimeThat's fake and needs to be better terms we were never free to begin with
A
President Trump , don't know how you do it dealing with all the snakes out there. Please be careful. You need some Trump train people with u
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President I have a idea that would guarantee reelection it will only take minutes to explain please let me help you
General Lee made the request to never erect monuments of him. He encouraged all to embrace the USA and leave the Confederacy in the past.
If it's about history, where are the monuments to the slaves, the abolishonists, the Southerners who fought against the Confederacy???
Please Mr. President stop them from taking the history from our Country and our Children and Grandchildren", Stop them from Removing
George Washington is one of America’s founding fathers. To compare him w/a traitor like Robert E Lee just shows Trump’s colossal ignorance.
Not a traitor just felt more allegiance to his beloved Virginia. Are the Calexit people traitors?
How you ever were allowed to serve is scary. Your capacity to reason well is scary. I hope you are not teaching young people.
I read in your bio you love all people. I hate that you have been fooled but the GOP stood up to Jim Crow and overturned it. Look i t up
The radical republicans died off with reconstruction. These are not the same republicans...
My man. How much more evidence do you need before realize they want us fighting. We need to come together
I'm talking little rock 9. I'm talking the segregationist of the 60s and 70s. I hope you find it. Find the truth. You are preaching to choir
I'm not preaching to the choir. You want to whitewash Trump's actions. Nope I'm not going for it. Your agenda is not close to mine.
Some coward in Barcelona drives into a crowd&is labeled a terrorist. But some Nazi in VA does the same he's associated w/ "many good ppl."
He said all sides were to blame
With "many good ppl on both sides." I don't consider Nazis or Nazi associates good ppl.
Not everyone who wanted the statue to stay were white supremists. Good people CAN have a different opinion about preserving USA history
Good people were marching chanting anti-Semitic sentences.  Pure evil.
He never said good people were chanting anti-Semitic chants.
How are there "good people on both sides" if one side is Nazis?
There were people there peacefully protesting the Nazis that had nothing to do with ANTFA.
Anirvan you are the ignorant one.

I may add none of us were alive in the time Lincoln was running and I do believe in my  that he was. The best
you're comparing 2 leaders of the treasonous secession to 2 of the founding fathers. You don't get it do you Who's foolish?
Before you know it they will want to destroy Mount Rushmore because there are former slave owners.
Yeah they already dissed Columbus statute in baltimore
End this political correctness, tell people NO NOW.  Enforce NO if rights of both views are not allowed. Country first NOW!
And a racist
The good news is: there will never be a monument of you to break down.
Who's next? The KKK.
Your not that important, and when they doa Clip of U ,U say Fake news!Really ur obsession of Media,President OBAMA, Hilary really got2stop
Their work to let the World, keeps Us informed,So for you to continue to attack them for that ,Your so fucken petty! It's not all about You
The media if I can call u sir reports on things that happen around the world ,may it be a home game to the travesty in Texas and Lou, it's
Is it just me, or does this tweet make his Andrew Jackson obsession seem kinda funny?
34%
And Thanks for coming, Where do u want them to be FUCKEN Loser they don't have anywhere to go Oh my God RU really that fucken cold?We don't
Luckily they'll never make a statue of you. #racist
#IStandWithPresidentTrump & he's here to stay! Get over it #Dems #Rhinos #FakeNews, Get the people's work ! Tired of BS background noise 
LMAO!!
My family prays for you Mr. President. We know this chaos is moved by evil and evil cannot win. Times will get tough but God is stronger.
I'd think you'd only like statues of generals that didn't surrender.  #LoveTrumpsHate
You don't teach history with clay figurines,
Obviously your supporters didn't learn from the nazi regime, only you knew how to harness it's evil
General Lee did, however, object to the idea of raising Confederate monuments, writing in 1869 that it would be wiser
They were not Presidents! And Trump, you're next! Russian intervention to steal your position! How low can you go?! Congress will remove you
We're taking you down next
You really don't know the difference between Lincoln and Lee?  I do. But I don't know the difference beyween u and Benedict Arnold.
They were TRAITORS to the USA! Do you support TRAITORS ?
But if the Taliban taught us anything, it's that you can destroy history for current political mores.
I'm sure you would prefer a statue of yourself with David Duke
@themadsloth
You can't change history and what has happened in the past. You can change what will.

America's  White supremacist POTUS just can't help himself can he?  You are an utterly clueless and compulsive bigot!
Instead of using the nations biggest bully pulpit to bring unity, you choose to be divisive and stoke the flames of racial hatred
If you can't understand that confederate symbols are painful reminders of America is racist past and very offensive, try a history lesson!
You stand up for Robert E Lee in Stonewall Jackson and you didn't even know that Frederick Douglass was dead! You are an embarrassment!
How about you erect Lee and Jackson on one of your properties? Heck, you can even add George Wallace and Bull Connor, they'd fit perfectly
Moron!Lee was one of the good guys in the south.The civil war was fomented by outside forces to weaken the United States. Read real history.
They will not teach real history in schools.Slavery could have easily ended without a civil war.Lee did not want to fight against his state
Or you can make up lies, oh wait, that is what you do.
Racist-in-Chief. #ImpeachTrump
It's very sad and unbelievable what's going on in this country
If keep it up, we will down Martin Luther King statue
Tell me something you learned from a statue?
How to be really still
They were slave owner we know you don't care and that s history you can't change
Ma jedeš g....
By the way. Washington and Jefferson didn't fight against America or in favor of slavery. Open those squinty eyes!
He doesnt listen... He just wants to see his picture on the pretty box..
SHUT DOWN FAKE NEWS IN EVERY WAY POSSIBLE !!!!!
Many, many sides?  Only one side did this and would still like to.
Washington/Jefferson become the Hillary Clinton of statues in  whataboutism.
#nobodylikesyoutrump
Simple test: Does the memorial/ statue honor one who promoted freedom & liberty for all? If not, they are not worthy & do not deserve honor
Ultra left reminds me hordes of young communists destroying everything in their path,  they were very bad people, the left will be the same
They why would we need monuments honoring their treason to this country and fight to separate the country and continue slavery?
PRESIDENT TRUMP, keep up the GOOD WORK. PLEASE RESIST the resisters.
Go over your history books from 6th grade, silly.
The purpose behind dismantling American history and identity is to set the stage for the dismantling of Constitutional authority.
what if WE THE PEOPLE demand the removal of T
Rosa Parks monuments and removal of all streets named Martin Luther Kind ....
Your next Donald
Foolish (and ignorant) is equating Lee with Washington or Jefferson. GO BACK TO SCHOOL. #FakePresident
what is being done to put hate groups (ALL) under control as in GONE? protesters? more like mercenaries, they get paid to destroy!
2 
Other gave us the Declaration of #Independence. 4th 0f July! RELee justly indicted for #treason fought them, and USA, over slavery; lost
Not you for sure. They name ships after presidents yours will be a trash barge
don't understand, if statues are so offensive why weren't you worried when Obama was in office? Just want country in turmoil, shame.
Put an end to them destroying them please
Ahem http://www.teachushistory.org/american-revolution/resources/pulling-down-statue-george-iii …
