Back to the subject in hand.
No one is above the law, Right?  Apparently not when it comes to James Comey & Hillary Clinton/You just can't make this stuff up #MAGA #MASA
Where is Obama when you need him?
James Comey and the Russian government won you the election!  What are you talking about?  25th Amendment now!
James Comey cleared Hillary of any wrong doing.  If anything, he cost her the election!  He is the one who put doubts in the minds of her supporters right up until the end!
What is ironic here, is that you fired Comey, who said that you "were not under investigation", and now Mueller says you are.  You may wish to take that firing back now, huh?
Firing Comey will probably end up being your downfall if Russian Collusion isn't proven.  You obstructed justice.  That's not only a crime but an impeachable offense!  Please let's hope Pence goes down with you!
I think we need a new election, so that the America people can vote with no interference of investigations, and no interference by the Russian government.  Let's start over and allow 2 new candidates run!  Heck I'll even be ok if they were both 1st graders!
Trump cannot stop himself from attacking women and the rule of law. He is a disgrace to this country.
Stick to medicine something you know politics you don’t
Did you have fairy tale story time today?
You're a racist
He's literally going to be the worst thing that has ever happened to you. That's a promise
It's actually common practice for the FBI to write a letter exonerating a person prior to the announcement.
What isn't common practice is the president of the United States firing the director of the FBI who is leading an investigation into him
What will soon be common practice is the President of the United States being impeached and found guilty on multiple crimes
One can only HOPE with this president...Good Cause!
Got a woman on your mind this morning?
Don’t you think it’s time that we start DRAINING the SWAMP ??
Indict him DOJ!
Certainly wasn’t her husband 
He also helped you steal an election. How else could an incompetent moron win? Russia must be heating up. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Keep up the great work
you lie every minute of every day.
Bob Mueller will be your worst nightmare
stop deflecting, we know what you're trying to pull, we won't have it!
Obstruction
By Donald Trump


Proof please! #thetruthmatters
Uhhhh...the only thing he did was hurt her. He helped YOU.
Have you noticed that Hillary isn't president? (You are, btw, even of Puerto Rico and they could use some help over there)
As a judge said to a poor defendant, "We must make an example of you so others do not follow".
What is it with you? Every time you open your mouth another lie comes out...
So when is YOUR Justice Department going to finally prosecute?
Last time I checked, multiple counts of perjury and obstruction of justice are still prosecutable.
you are starting the self-incrimination early this morning,
 eventual-prisoner 23987403720
Hillary and Comey for prison!
Your obsession is truly sick.  You are the criminal sexual predator.  You colluded with Russia to rig the election, obstructed justice, etc.
So let’s jail them. Hold folks accountable where is @jeffsessions
Are you ready too?  Trumpy Dumpy
Does your wife ever get upset with you because of your obsession with Hillary instead of her?
Wrong. But, for sure, YOU are the WORST thing that ever happened to America. LOSER.
And the worst thing that happen to you
LIAR
Let’s go @jeffsessions, your POTUS is calling!! A criminal FBI is not safe for our Country!
Says the #cult45 follower. #Impeach45
No cult, just someone who supports a man who loves his Country & is bringing it back from the brink of disaster that was our last 8 years. We appreciate 300,000 million new jobs,3% GDP, lower taxes, China rolling back tariffs, NK coming to the table. What’s not to like & support?
Grow up
No. For you. Without him, you would have lost. Damn him.
Lock him uo
Without him you wouldn’t have won the election. U should be treat him with the same respect as the other person who helped you win, Putin.
Lock Her Up!!!
Comey was out of his damn mind. He deserved to be fired.
Time to release Loretta lynch documents.
Wall Prototypes are looking great!


All holidays matter


Mr. Trump needs to get fitted for his orange jumper!
Gods will be done
.......and indeed it will, Amen!!!!!
" Hey #PaulRyan & #MitchMcConell Let Me Remind You That Legally #BarackObama Can Step In As #POTUS While Special Elections Are Called! "
Worst thing that happened. Reminded people of his first mistake and confused voters  along with russia. Not our friend
You are delusional. He’s the reason that you won the election because he announced reopening the investigation the week before the election
Telling the truth about you is not lying
Thank God for the internet or else we wouldn’t be getting the truth from you!
Hey Bro, you should probably delete this tweet. I got your back dawg. #goodlookinout #stayup

And they called him an honorable man?!  Yeah, they are saying that about Mueller too. The FBI is full of SNAKES! It's worse then we thought!  It is amazing God is still trying to save this country w/all the low lives.
I cannot wait until the day you.... 45
Thank God he redeemed himself by doing job & not covering 4 u, unlike corrupt Republicans & ur regime who all belong n prison w/u, criminal
And she won right ? Oh wait
I changed my vote from #Hillary Clinton to #TheDonald after #JamesComey said "more #Hillary emails" Trump won by 80,000 votes. #comeySwungElection #RussiaSwungElection #Maga #Trumplies #iwantTrumpVoteBack
U hate u couldn't force him 2 do ur will. U r a power hungry bully, control freak, who hates people & gets off on wrecking people's lives.

*in on....
Get out of the White House, man. You're stinking up the place.
Doesn’t that contradict his official statement on firing Comey?
Can't remember. He's killin me.
And today Sessions said you fired him because he treated Hillary badly.  You’re so full of shit, you can’t even keep your stories straight.

Do u realize how pathetic ur tweets make u look? Not very presidential. Sad!
Agree @realDonaldTrump !! Hillary Clinton should have married James Comey instead of Bill Clinton.
She blamed him on her loss too. Haha
Comey may be getting ready to be the worst thing that ever happened to you, Donald
Move on, like a jaded lover who just can not let go. Do you not have more important work?
You're the biggest liar of them all . #cowardpresident
I don’t get your logic here hoss, she lost the election.  I think James Coney was the best thing that ever happened to you.  You are crazy!
Publish you proof! You can't can you, liar

Trump has again forgotten that his official reason for firing Comey was that Comey was too hard on Clinton. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/920604520572424193 …
Was that all true to.
Hahaha 

Bullying &prejudice in our public life sets a national tone, provides permission for cruelty &bigotry...President George W Bush @GOP
I'm confused here.
I thought you fired him for being mean to Hillary?
No hunni, you are the best thing that ever happened to her. You are making ppl hate they didn't vote for her. #Nov18  #Housecleaning
Well except for Harvey and her kickbacks from Russia for our uranium that they gave to little weeder
#FireMueller! He is being used 4 opposition research 2020! Be careful!
Because of him she lost the election. You are clueless
CET 751 based on the Wind and Mooooore Hospital Dudley Iowa how did a sub crumpled get on top of 4story floors and the licence get my door e
Dude were you even there? You seem totally clueless.
Send the check DOTARD
Please bring justice to the Clintons and their crooked foundation

DEPLORABLES, MAGA fools: If I told you once, I've told you a thousand times...You will NEVER EVER #LockHerUp. We won't let you.—get over it! 
and you lie all the time,so shut the fuck up and go away you disrespectful moron.
And the libs just keep the BS coming. Trump 2020 because lib/dems  lie, cheat, use violence and hate America!
#TrumpRussia
So if all of this in fact Happened under Comey, Mueller, Rosen Why hasn't Jeff Sessions done anything to expose it &
#DrainTheDeepSwamp#MAGA
I' m hoping that will happen soon!
Still have a hard on for her?
When will it dawn on you that you are losing track of your own lies? And what happens then?
lock him up
You have serious mental health issues. Hope you are out of the WH soon.
Can’t you just move on. You won the election. You’re there to work for us. Get your head out of your ass and do something &quit bitching
Thanks, Comey
Says the pot about the kettle.
So you're saying you fired Comey to protect Hillary?

The NWO is protecting her and her Satanic pediphile freaks.
In what universe?? He COST HER THE ELECTION
While he was the best thing that ever happened to her,  you are the worst thing that ever happened to the US of A.
Well maybe you should get them on your side cuz you're going to need it
This needs to be sent to a grand jury ASAP.
Lock comey up along with the Clintons
Then cuss out Peter Comey, fire Sessions and Mueller, or get me, and I'LL cuss the idiots, and you fire them.  STOP STALLING AT THE SWAMP.
But you fired him because he was "unfair" to her. You couldn't follow your own made up narrative if your fat ass was on a trailer behind it
You so unbelievably delusional
Is that not the very opposite to the reason you claimed to have fired him? You lie so much you don’t know if you are coming or going!
What about the individuals affected by all of these “natural” disasters?
Stay strong Mr. President.  We know the story.
Comey's letter handed you the electoral college. And you still lost the popular vote. You're a liar and a loser.
And YOU are the worst thing that happened to the US.
You’re completely deranged if you believe that...I suppose it does fit ur narrative though doesn’t it?
MR.PRESIDENT TRUMP PLEASE RECONSIDER YOUR SITUATION AGAINST MR.CORKER HE'S A GREAT HELP TO TENNESSEE PEOPLE WE LOVE HIM.CANT AGREE WITH ALL
Bastard is trying to make a distraction and diverse the main issue hurting him... what is always does.. don't fall it people.
Just like Putin was the best thing that ever happened to you...
You lied about your mother's chest hair
Well, up until the key moment to benefit you.
FAKE NEWS.
Why do you keep bringing this up? It’s a letter of time until the find the piss stained sheets you have left behind. Quit bitching and work!
Sexist bigot! FYI if Comey best thing for HRC then why are you president btw ur a heartless racist sexist bigoted president
Comey needs prison time the boys will love to see him
You should put your phone away.
Again, blaming and not trying to actually make deal hag benefits the public, not the few rich.
Prosecute! If it were me I’d already be locked up.
Time to bust both of them!
Way to go Scooby you cracked the case, too bad none of the grown ups care about your twitter
As it is turned out we find you are more crooked than we ever thought you are a fake terrible president. How many women have you assaulted?
We already Knew that, a loooooong time Ago!!! Why don't we ever discuss her Body Count???
So why are you letting her slide????
that’s because he didn’t want to end up six-feet under like everyone else that gets in the Clintons’ way.
Why listen to your lawyers telling you to say nothing on this?  You know better.
..and Mueller is doing the same thing. It also seems Jeff Sessions is protecting Hillary too.
As Putin was for you!
Proof? Where is your proof? Otherwise, more bullshit.

He was sleeping with her for sure @realDonaldTrump
PLEASE LOCK HER UP!
He's one of the best things that happened to You,. He hurt Hillary.
You still mad at Hillary? You’d think someone with the biggest election win in history would be a little more secure in their masculinity.
Can’t see you getting out of the shit-storm of your creation DT. You’re so fucking conceited you couldn’t change your ways when elected. 
You should be thanking him for your presidency
They both must be held accountable! #LockThemUp
This is a SECRET only because the Fake News/MSM-@realDonaldTrump-don't want the American people to know about it...
Thanks, THEY are cut from the same immoral cloth
@realDonaldTrump Are you jealous of Hillary?
Lock her up!!!!! I think Comey helped her to still out of jail! That's good you fired him!!!
Damn man. Get it over it already.
Resign

And you are the worst thing that ever happened to USA
I thought you were the one who lied and leaked? Oh, wait - you leaked and THEN lied.
Obsessed????
Get him Trump
Did I just call #FakePOTUS  a moron and little child that need constant admiration?
