And yet, no one in Senate Intelligence or any of your intelligence agencies thinks there is any truth in this.....
Oh yeah they do..The MSM just puts it in the back of the paper..Nobody pays attention
We will know more about who was spied on when the court case begins....
Give that a listen..
#ObamaGate

Good job @ksandiego52 .
Use hashtage #DEMsDontStand and try to get it trending! Thanks!!
Re: wiretaps: I'm from Missouri, the "Show Me" state, I need to see it to believe it. Put up or shut the hell up pal!
It’s coming.  Tick tock
Ba ha! "It's coming. Tick tock" Wow, U R truly delusional Brenda @btodd44. Trump's commnets R from March, 2017 & he still has nothing 2 show 4 his ridiculous statement about Obama tapping his phones. I'm sure U R a good person, stop believing Trump's easily refutable lies!
yeah...but where would you find a lawyer to take the case?  i think they require a brain  to pass the LSAT.
Have you not learned,Trump doesn't say stuff like that,w/o knowing something..
Dan uses MSM Reports..
Obama bows to Iran's supreme leader. Educated at private Muslim schools. Won't release his College transcripts. You expected Obama to undermined you & he has. Did the Secret Service vet Obama? #MAGA
Get him sir!! Put the weasel away!!,
 
since u placed this on your personal account, a not so good lawyer could file and win a libel suit against u. Period
Hahaha. This didn't age well
Sir plainly stated you need to kick these fauking #Traitors to a Gitmo Gallows. #deathpenalty Rosenberg ' s got it and so should @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @billclinton
Incredible
Dooooo itttt!!  We have been dying to see this guy pay for his criminal activities. No man in this country should be above the law.
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great for liable for you making these groundless accusations.
the debate questions the night prior to the debate?
And I hope they do..Hes a traitor
i bet a good prosecutor could put you in prison.
"NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW NOT EVEN ME." That's a DIRECT quote from obama himself & every American Citizen deserves to understand that JUSTICE truly is BLIND, that NO ONE IS TRULY ABOVE THE LAW!!
I bet your right about that. My question is, why isn’t a lawyer pressing charges as we speak? For the average person on the street, we cannot figure out why these creeps are not in jail. There seems to be more than enough proof of illegalities.
They are to stupid to know @realDonaldTrump leaves them in position until they hang themselves. @Potus plays chess & they play hide and seek.
Obama did. Fu## Obama
#LockHimUp #LockHerUp #LockThemUp weasels #BarackObama and #HillaryClinton.
They are disgusting and dangerous.
Future proves past!! #WWG1WGA #OIGreport Enjoy the Show! Learn the names Horowitz and Huber people. They will become more famous than Mueller any day now. #thestorm
Please do! Please!

A lawyer could also make a good case Hillary is a traitor How HIllary helped investors fund Russian research for military uses Viktor Vekselberg under investigation by @TheJusticeDept was one of Hillary’s Investors @DRUDGE @seanhannity @DevinNunes  http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2016/07/how-hillary-helped-u-s-investors-fund-russian-research-for-military-uses.php?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=sw&utm_campaign=sw …
when you go low, you just go lower.
you've done a lot of disgusting things in your life, but this is just sick and pitiful. This is not how a President acts.
denying, shifting blame, creating insane excuses... This is what a poorly raised child does.
How well are your tweets aging? . It's ok to admit fault, and rethink things in life. It's how you "grow" as a person 
| Note the lack of quotation marks around the words tapping my phones. This is straightforward defamation #fail #toct
Well,see if you can get obama to open that can of worms..Ask the Obama official that told Trump.I wish the traitor (obama)would open it up.
-HillaryClinton received 3 million more votes than you!  You were not elected by majority people. You are quack.

@POTUS said his phone was tapped, it was, said he would win, he did, said he would lower taxes, he has, said he would stop ISIS, they are dead, said he would #MAGA , gets better every day. Libs laughed and said none of this was possible. Who are you going to believe?
.@realDonaldTrump just spitballing, but maybe your boy's hush hush trip to Paris raised some red flags
Hey Congress, here is Donald Trump Jr, one month before elections, meeting with pro-Putin, pro-Assad Syrian leader Randa Kassis in Paris 
.@trumpdroog Trump Jr meeting Putin proxies–right before election–to discuss greater cooperation (concessions?) with Russia is a huge deal
@realDonaldTrump & his team colluded with #Russia during elections. FACT.
not without proof you can't
Bam! 
Keep watching fox for your news source.  Haven't you heard they lie!  Fox and enemies.
Look what we have here.....
....thinking.....
Well, that's not aging well. LOL
LIAR.  We know exactlly what you meant abd your trying to cover it up now by saying it inclued all servalence is BS.
I don't know if he's a "good lawyer" but this is what Sessions said "FBI has no information to support this claim."
Obama should sue you for slander. I hope this is finally something to get you impeached.
I bet a good lawyer could impeach you before your 100 days are up
This didn’t age well.
I'd bet a good lawyer could make an even better case that you evade paying tax and buy from China, you fraud.
proof!?! Or did you just wake up from a nightmare? Hunh Donnie?
Of course not. We'll wait and see what's on the documents... dude
Yup
I bet anyone could be a better person than you
Provide a source for this "fact" so we can all avoid fake news and not waste our time and money.
so find one.
You don't need a lawyer. If its true, you get a special prosecutor in. If it isn't, you've wasted taxpayer money on your delusion.
A drunken lab rat could make that case ... You just will NEVER see it reported because the MS Media and DEMs are drunk on globalism and high -- addicted -- to the HATE of you, Mr. President. 
#SchumerShutdown 
#FISAMemo 
#FisaGate 
#DEMsNeedDepends

#TrumpTrain
#DACAnoDEAL
March 4th is when you accused Obama of illegal #wiretapgate. Its April 15th. Please apologize & admit you were watching too much Fox News!
#ObamaGate 
#ReleaseTheMemo

An ambulance chaser could handle it.
you mean a good liar...yes?
Obama & the Clintons are criminals. They know that an honest administration like yours could spell legal trouble for them.
go to bed Don, you are drunk
Maybe you were drunk 
What "fact"? There is no "fact". He was not tapping your phones. We're back to focusing on what YOU did- which is not good.
You still a Democrat?
A cadre of GREAT ATTORNEY are chasing your OIL & MONEY LAUNDERING RUSSIAN CONNECTION. U will need your cemetery plot soon.
Is that a direct threat?
I bet a good person would make a good president but I guess we got stuck with you instead.
We KNOW.  We ALL know.
You were saying?
42 USC 1983 civil action for public official violating your Fourth Amendment Rights under the Constitution. Bivens v Six Unknown   Agents.
if bet that a good researcher would find you are 100% incorrect. SAD!
ماودك تاخذني ؟ قسم بالله اعجبك فهالامور 
You are dangerous, absurd, and crazy.
it's  a  shadow  government  the  president needs  to  get  rid  of  sooner  the  better
even if your phones were tapped - you are president now.
People in Flint cannot go near their water.
You have been great at everything you have done Mr. President!
This has to be sarcasm.
go for it
What kind of six year old are you?  Call the friggin' FBI YOURSELF AND ASK!  You can't hide from Russia like this.
But you won the election . I'd move on and not look back
PHONY POTUS
Obama ruined our Country with illegals
I wish you all would!  The Russian collusion case has cost the taxpayers and so many defendants so much money,  he may not go to prison but you can bankrupt him!  Think OJ.
I’d bet YOUR lawyers are busily either saving everything or shredding everything. They’re all terrified that they’ll be accused of complicity. They will want to plea-bargain & turn against you when you & they are indicted. You can’t trust ANYONE, ESPECIALLY not Michael Cohen.
.   I'll bet a good lawyer could sue your ass for LYING about Pres. Obama.  I hope he DOES sue!
#This is a lengthy joke how is the sessions lying episode going
well wouldn't you be in serious trouble if the phones were tapped ????
@potus we need good Attorneys are Fair Courts. From what I have experienced, the lawyers sellout the clients to other side and the Courts are complicit. We need a complete overhaul. #maga
You're an embarrassment to the good people of the US. 3 Tril. for u to go to FL and your wife & kid in NY Golden on OUR $$
well how are we to trust the FBI anymore
.@realDonaldTrump No, not really.
I bet you might have a few of those
Maybe with #AlternateLaws #GTFOOH
Good lawyer will make a good case for slander.
I hope and pray you have evidence today to back you're claim? The outrage will be like no other today.
You have been proven a LIAR, you are a danger to the country, you must resign or FACE IMPEACHMENT.  #fakePresident
You wish you could blame President Obama for everything that you have done wrong, but the truth is he knew the law, and you do not.
Why were the Obama's disbarred?
I'll bet a good lawyer could get your paranoid ass out of the white house.
I'm you man Mr President. If Mr Sessions isn't up to the job, look me up.
jackass
you ste the worst president of all time. So bad that you make Bush look like Obama.
.@realDonaldTrump @GOP @NBCNews @CNN @SenateDems Not in quotes here either; that's twice where you didn't have quotes. #NoMoreExcuses
you are a horrible man,Trumpcare does not take care of all the American people only the rich. Your a bad sick man
@MathewsJeanne 
 WANTED:
Information leading to the arrest and conviction of Barry Soetoro aka. Barrack Hussain Obama
Kinda sad now that the FBI says he made it all up, right?
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of a slander action against you
you are a bully----full of lies--you are the fake news---egotistical and delusional. OH, AND VERY PARANOID!
A d- barely graduated lawyer could. A good one?  Should be able to make beards roll.
If Mr Obama gave two shits about what you bleat out he'd sue for defamation and win.

All this time allowed for obama like a dung beetle to scuttle away evidence to either obama library or #HillaryEvidenceDisposalService & corroborate stories w/ Co-conspirators
proof?
ooooooooo scary! He's going to get a 'good' lawyer. Not a bad one, a good one. Ooooooooooo so scary!
I bet a Child could mount a liable slander case since YOU, Donald Trump, LIED ABOUT A FEDERAL CRIME
Obama can't rule through circuit courts he is no longer president
I'll bet a decent lawyer could make a good case out of you falsely accusing him publicly.
Officially Refuted!
Yep.. either a good lawyer, or a preschooler. It's very obvious. Not only this, but past evidence shows Obama politicized everything from libraries to the IRS to the EPA, etc... Why would he stop there? Why not include intelligence agencies?
They need a long vacation at the fine Cuban resort Guantanamo hehee!
I bet a good lawyer could make a great case that you're not mentally fit to be POTUS and have you impeached!
Totally baseless, Breitbart, IMPEACHABLE allegations!! Do the Earth a favor and Resign!!
you can get a great lawyer, and he would be willing to get your money, even if knew there was prove they found no evidence.
What this country needs is for all of the corruption to come out in black and white. Liberals will keep whining until then
Look to the right.
You naysayers below this Comment, you may apologize right now for being wrong AGAIN!  You LOST!  Suck it up!
Why aren't we seeing any firings or indictments? Double standard is alive and well I guess, sad.
GO TRUMP!
FYI No sources cited. YOU ARE THE SOURCE, POTUS. Own it.
PERSONAL THOUGHTS AND COMMENTS BY TRUMP ON BOGUS OBAMA WIRETAPS.  LIES AGAIN BY TRUMP THO CLAIM HE HAD NONE IN MERKEL PRESS CONF FRIDAY 3-17
Bwahahahaha...you've gone off the cliff, & ppl are making fun of your stupidity Seriously, do you like ppl laughing @ you?
bring it.
You lie.
A good lawyer with Lord Voldemort in his pocket so he can cast a terrible magical spell that would leave all of us stupid
Hahahaha
why be paranoid if you did nothing wrong?  Your stance is weak and tantamount to an admission of guilt!

OBAMA MUST FACE HIS TREASONOUS ACTS & BE PUT TO DEATH!!
But CNN's Chris Cuomo said Obama wasn't, like, um, you know, like LITERALLY tapping your phones which makes you a liar!  And this picture is proof too.  That's NOT obama.
you're a deviant
and the definition of "a good lawyer" is.... $$$?
Amen...
I bet you have absolutely no evidence of your ridiculous claim.
Special counsel is needed immediately to ferret out the collusion, lies, and possible traitor ship!
@KellyScaletta @CapehartJ I'd bet a not-so-good psychiatrist could make a great case that you're a habitual liar & mental!
@LindaSuhler At least Hillary committed perjury and obstruction.  Start pushing rule of law.
.Rod Rosenstein?
He should go ahead and declassify the information--just think of all the dirt that will come out on him!
Wow, you have really lost it now.  You need to find yourself a good therapist, and soon.
How much taxpayer money did we spend on trump's bullshit claim of wiretapping? He should reimburse U.S. taxpayers.
Maybe you should hire a "good" lawyer shit-face.
I'll bet a good lawyer could sue you for slander of President @BarackObama @cnn @nytimes @washingtonpost
...You   a liahh..Pants on fiahh.
..a secret ransom! Why wasn't he impeached by lying about it 2 Congress & American People? Who nose what lies he told us!
You are nouveau riche....crass trailer trash in gilded towers. But. The buck stops on your desk now...get a grip on reality
I bet a good lawyer could make an excellent libel case against YOU. Ur a liar and President Obama was a man 2b proud of.
#tablesturned
I understand you laundered money for Putin, other Russian oligarchs, and the Iran Military Guard.
Can we trust the White House of today to step aside and not be involved in investigations?
Any luck finding that "good lawyer" yet?
Uh doesn't sound so crazy now....
no quotations on this tweet. Now what is the excuse?
Jay Sekulow, Victoria Toensing
A mediocre lawyer could make a case for libel against you. Think before you Tweet.
That is going to push back on you in the worst way. Aren't you curious what may have been learned, if in fact u got tapped?
Some peoples children!! Of course they wire tapped him!! Youre all idiots!! One word, SNOWDEN. Makin America Smart again
Hang em high!
the problem is the Patriot Act giving the over inflated government the power to tap your wires
So where exactly are the quotes on this tweet? You lied! You're a liar! You're not fit to tie President Obama's shoes!
Donny, I agree. Call a lawyer. Obama used microwaves to tap your phones, so use a smoke alarm to call a lawyer. Asswipe.
You were right, Sir, and we always knew you were!! #LockThemUp  #OBAMAGATE
Lock him up!
no, a good lawyer would laugh at you.
FAKE NEWS
#releasethememo
Would u even Need a great one? Average would nail it.
I guess a good conman could be made President of the US too? Where are your facts Mr Trump? Or was it all in your head?
