LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and Septem...
cul
@Richmari01 
Obama still Prez in Jan 
Feb momentum still going 
Your 1st month March = not good
Your job slide has started
Which you had nothing to do with fool
So Obama did it first.
Thanks for letting us know.
good for those hired. In reality this win isn't linked to your (lack of) progress since Electoral College-ing oval office..
Thanks Obama. January and February job growth are in Obama. Crappy #'s since in Trump. Carrier jobs didn't last long.
You need to know the Senator Brinrdtine claims you are trying to balance the budget by reducing veterans disability to pay for it.
That is lingering from Obama. You can't take credit for things you have no impact on.
My guy....why are you using LinkedIn numbers instead of Bureau of Labor Statistics?! This is crazy!
Probably hasn't filled those jobs yet.
They are asking everyone to contact the congressional leaders and demand refusal. I think this is a lie. Please tell us the truth!
Due to President Obama's policies... not tRump's
March doesn't look too hot, though.
Thank You!!! 
#MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
lies
i'm rooting for you..its a witch hunt!!!!
Now what? Dow is down for two weeks. Would you like to take a credit for that?
hello
well guess who was president then
#ThanksObama
both instances are because of Obama.
Thank you, President Obama!
say " thank you President Obama,"
not required to show tax returns. Go boo hoo about criminals calling themselves immigrants or hilarys criminal empire
yes. Thank you Obama!
cool!  The Obama effect.  Just wait till your admin kicks in....
Let's keep after those crooks and find the leaks drain the swamp!
I hear your vacations just broke records.
You had NOTHING to do with that. Please go away.
nothing to do with you
no it wasn't
no conclusive evidence that it is your doing though...
What will you say in june when hiring is dropped?
FAKE NEWS!!!!
Wake up from your nightmare. You have nothing to do with Jan-Feb job figures. Those belong to Obama. PATHOLOGICAL LIAR.
@BarackObama #ThanksObama

one reason Obama
.
.                       http://@TheAlienArtist.com
LIES BY TRUMP
Oddly enough none of those months have a thing to do with your presidency! 
Thanks President Obama!
repeal the healthcare fine.
again President Obama's numbers, NOT yours
Mr. President please focus on Tax Reform.  CEO's and CFO's are being to lose confidence that we will see it this year! TY
Nice. Heard that the tooth fairy position had a hiring frenzy.
Lies, the unemployment rate is really around 40%
Silly President. Doesn't know LinkedIn is irrelevant.
yes a continuation of the great work @BarackObama did.
FAKE Hiring Months
Wrong.
but you're now cutting the dept of labor by 21%, yeah jobs
a federal crime to threaten our president.
Your a great President.I back you forever!!!!!
remind me what actions you took to make that happen. #ObamaLegacy #44betterthan45
and what does this have to do with you?
Obama was President in 2015#norecordsbroken#overinflatedego#toomuchspraytan#orangehair
why isn't anyone saying anything about Obama 1 day trip to Hawaii yesterday. Aloha Judge
That's really great...but you do realize you had NOTHING to do with the January numbers.
great news
thank you dear President Obama. We miss you!! Please come back!!
Thanks, Obama! @BarackObama
still President Obama's economy...
Dear Mr President. Why is your portrait not hanging in the VA's? Please find out. Sgt. Lee Mead at N'port,NY
taking the credit for President Obama's hard work again.
and u can't possibly think donald duck had anything to do with it. effects of Obama admin. know that!!!
Only because people are scared to death of your healthcare bill. Wake Up DJT! You're a Loser and you know it. @cnn @wsj
Replacing sacked @POTUS delegates wld help those #'s (esp if measured by salary, not #headcount), or is it #WallBuilders?
release your RECENT tax returns.  The long form
, thanks to Mr Obama lying trump
Thank you President Donald Trump.  People believe in you and what you say.  Never doubt that.
% of Trump POTUS since then?
not because of you @pretender.
Unseasonably warm weather boosted growth in several sectors across labor market. Thank GLOBAL WARMING!!! @globalwarmingt
you haven't done anything yet to create any jobs all you do is tweet
Thank you, Obama.
Wish I was getting one of those jobs.
They are both thrilled and these jobs are fitting of @XavierUniv honors graduates. Thanks again for all you do! #MAGA
I can only believe it is due to your business sense. "America's business is business."
thank you Mr. President. My May 2016 college graduates have gotten jobs in January and February this year.
oh, forgot to mention that Obama was President for 20.5 days of January.
yes, but you and your minions will be taking care of that soon. I am looking forward to the next economic crash.
Which you had nothing to do with.
awesome. Thanks @BarackObama !
Thanks OBAMA 
aka Obama Presidency preceded by & followed by digging America out of a REAL mess, not the so-called mess u think u have
Thank you President Obama!!!
#ThanksObama
Thank you President Obama.  These are his numbers, not yours.
Not because of YOU....the jobs were already growing before you got into office(and steadily increasing).
NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU, DON'T EVEN TRY.  LEARN YOUR A B C first
be sure to thank @POTUS44 for his hard work! #ImpeachTrump
Obama was handed impending depression, handed you an expanding economy.
Pls AGAIN someone tell him was in office 11 days Jan & those jobs ALREADY in place by @BarackObama? ALWAYS takes credit-SMH
quit taking credit for things that Obama did while trashing him. That is something a chick in the ghetto would do...
Thank you for this 
Yup, life is sooo sweet when you're riding Obama's coattails :) #SoCalledPOTUS #TheOrangePOTUS
you do know who was President in 2015 . Right ?
I wonder why there were hundreds, if not thousands of jobs unfilled before you ever got in office? Hmmmmm!
you literally inherited this from Obama. Give more credit and fewer lies.
not because of anything you did dumbo. It was good 31 days ago when you fell into your role as public servant. Taxes please
stop George Bush's bullshit. clearly, you are going to see jobs number keep on gaining because of what Obama did not you.
and again, you had nothing to do with it if we remember correctly. 2010. Garage. 18. Obama finally
you can't claim January fool
Gee, who was in office in Aug and Sept 2015?
THANK YOU OBAMA!!!!!
Thanks to Obama
how many people have you hired from @LinkedIn?
because Obama's policies worked. Stop lying.
the highest job growth since winter began? Wow! You really are thirsty! 
BECAUSE OF OBAMA!!!
OMG YOU R SERIOUSLY MY DADDY 
fake news
do you think you had anything to do with job growth in January /February #thankobama
Thank you, President Obama!
yes, because Obama helped you in that. However, the next 4 years? What a joke.
common and tweet about the tax return idiot!!!! We are all waiting!!
Thanks again for recognizing the work the last administration did
not your fault
thank you Obama
...so, you started to work on Jan 21.I have some doubt this is merit of your #job, what are thinking the #Americans?

 21
forgive Ryan  for his statements against u. He regrets it and haven't we all said thing we wish we hadn't. God forgives u 
thanks to President Obama.
Yes we join you in thanking President Obama every day for the great work he did in creating jobs! Let's see what u do!
we can thank President Obama for that. Your fiscal year hasn't started yet!
We both think you are great, Mr President!
Also my husband is a Vietnam Veteran injured in that war! We both are for whatever you do!
thanks @BarackObama !
Thank you, @POTUS44 - you keep the jobs coming even after you leave. Dreading the nosedive under Trump.
Obama, Obama, Obama and..wait for it.....Obama.  Nothing to do with you little donnie
THANK YOU OBAMA!!
thanks to @BarackObama
it's called a trend. thank you @BarackObama
hmm January who was president for over half let me think oh wait i know Barack Obama.
it takes 2 years before you get to take credit. 2 years of his policies in your way. That must really burn you up.
Obama was be4 u & set the tone ..little donnie cant erase him. We kno the truth 2 who REALLY made jobs and it wasn't u 
thank you President Obama!
you had nothing to xo with it.
Obama did a great job.
are you kidding me? you really are going to try and take credit for this?? these numbers are ALL @BarackObama @CNN
stop taking credit...your progress if any begins in Oct....this is still under Obama..Government 101
Again, you should thank President Obama for doing the heavy lifting. Now your job is to keep it going.
fake numbers you have told us
using #AltFacts I see, using the real data and it was up before under @POTUS44 @Potus use #DOL info
HYPOCRITE, Cryptomnesiac, these 180° changes you are indecisive. To believe Trump or not to believe, That is the question.
will this be your last tweet ever, before the impeachment and hidey hole?
now you believe job reports?! Make up your mind. Getting dizzy trying to follow you.
can you remind who the president was in 2015?
I have the perfect ideal for inner city redevelopment of your serious about doing something positive there
thanx to Obama
So the people before you must have been doing an excellent job...  ! 
#inauguration
Thanks President Obama always a good job.This is not because of you 45You are a joke.Obama was most powerful man you aren't
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHSHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHSHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Give credit to Obama
Your fiscal year starts 10/01/17.
who the fuck actually uses Linkedin?
Quit riding on Obama's coat tail's.
