Way to go. New world tec.
Did 'your' people throw that together in only a few months, or are you taking credit for a project started by @BarackObama ??

Call me
My GREAT VETERAN relatives & friends have been using something similar to this for years. You suck! #Impeach 45 #RICO
Thanks President Obama...!!!
Just not the trans veterans, right?
Or can the trans vets still use the new system?
Real question.
Vets are vets so they can access the VA. Why is that confusing to you?
The lazy liar doofus puppet president @POTUS is having another pep rally instead of doing his job in a WH full of chaos. He is such a dope!
This is your big announcement?
Unbelievable! #MAGA! @SecShulkin @DeptVetAffairs the breakthroughs are extraordinary! Revolutionizing connection with our great Veterans! 
You can resign from anywhere. Just takes a pen and paper.
Fantastic!!!!! #MAGA

you get this done and I hear the Vets speak well of their health care service then you will show some promise
He shows promise everyday
Specify exactly what is better, please?
How to deal with Russia snowflake style
Delete your account.
No one believes you anyway.
LOOKS LIKE WE'LL ALL BE SEEING ALLLLLL YOUR TAX RETURNS AFTER ALL!!! It's MUELLER TIME!
 Making Veterans Respectful Again 
Thanks to our @POTUS our veterans are taken care of better than ever b4!!
#MAGA 
#Trump
It's great that there's an app for that now. #DementedDonnie
Worst president in history
And the worst Twitter name I've ever seen in history
dead aunt why would you have that as a Twitter name
And I can say what I want about her stupid Twitter name
Here's an Idea!
Impeach NOW, Replace LATER!!
No President is Better Than a Trump President!
You mean like the last 7 1/2 yrs ?
These are all someone else's ideas;none have anything to do with the sentiments or concerns of Sack of in Chief DJT. Kelly tweeting not U!
Thank you sir!!
You are trying to TAKE healthcare away from MILLIONS & hand over a freak'n app? Wait.....does Jared own the app? CORP PREDATORS RULE!
Can we use a microwave instead ...
Why is a coward draft dodger president?He doesn't realize putin is playing him, man baby listen when a spy compliments u he's setting u up!
Should've run this through Congress.  They could have made this the crowning achievement of 1st Session of the 115th Congress.
Fantastic! Thank you for developing this great app Obama!
Any questions?

Well that will help the thousands of homeless and internet-less vets.
I assume Trump is the orange dot? Orange, lost and not knowing where the heck he's going... Yup, that's Trump.
I know Gods on your side, he will not desert you,stay strong and trust he is protecting you and your great sacrifice for America. Be Safe.
PUT THESE FOOLS ON OBAMACARE,,NOW ,,

Keep fighting for veterans President Trump, the American people see your hard work paying off! #MAGA
While liberals/democrats fight for illegal aliens & criminals, Trump fights for American workers & veterans.

AMERICA FIRST!
Dear Liberals/Democrats,

We can see through your lies and propaganda. Please stand up for American citizens for once. 

From,
America
Ditto from an American who loves my country
Thank you Mr President. Our Vets deserve the very best.
Then give us more doctors and psych, more transport to the va, and adaptive equipment to all who need it.
I agree with you 100%
And a leader who wasn't a draft dodger and made fun of POWs.
Ooh, yes!!!  He made me so mad!!!!

Are you making fun of our veterans?
yes
Veterans are stupid.
Mr. President, I hope you block this unpatriotic little snot.

An app isn't going to hire more doctors, more physicians assistants, more nurses, more psychiatrists, more pharmacists.
This app isn't going to build more operating rooms, more clinics, more pharmacies.
This app isn't going to deliver a sufficient amount of help to the huge and growing veterans population.
Stop lying to vets and push Congress to fully fund the VA.
You mean the corrupt congress who are beholden to foreign countries via BRIBERY-who want us WEAK? WTF do you think he ran on? FIGHTING IT!!
Trump sells real estate to Russians hiding income. You were saying?
Russia ?!  That's says it all - ur lost bye now enjoy your magical world where all ur frustrations in life is Trumps fault - seem logical.
I don't get the term 'Libtard'
We aren't the ones who voted for a man-child with a 12 IQ who colluded with a hostile power.
U R a 12 IQ !! He is a very smart man/millionaire! How stupid is that ? He's smart & will apply it 2 his presidency !
Eh, no one says "you are a 12 IQ." If he "will" apply it to his presidency, "when" will that happen?
Ha !! He's been trying but the dumbocrats are stopping him at every turn !!
Why thank you libetard snowflake 
This new tool has nothing to do with you - despite problems, VA has been making innovations like this for years
My husband is receiving the Tele Help Services. Had to go back & forth to VA for the past 2 years & 4 hours round trip for a 1 hour session
Continuing the telehealth initiative started by @BarackObama? How original of you. But don't let that stop you from taking all credit! 
Fukhd, u don't even know how to spell "Tennessean!
Another clue-less conservative..! No wonder ya'll are 'endangered'..! Thank god your birth rate is plummeting..!
64 million of us still exist...know what I mean. And, of course, there will be alot more of us in 2020 - too bad for ur side?
A lot?
Ole Jorge...kinda clueless...he loves 'winning' though..! Wait til he can't afford his healthcare..! That'll change his tune..
Hope yo mommie is not in a nursing home and gets abused...she can't sue...thanks to your glorious leader...
My parents have passed. I hope I can sit down and die beneath an old oak tree when it's time. Many nursing homes are crooked.

GRAND JURY COMING FOR TRUMP!  HA HA HA HA HA!
Wow if you've been waiting all night to spar on twitter you need to get out more.
His polls are going down, even Rasmussen
Yeah, the public doesn't know about individual unemployability, the money he took from veterans choice, the thousands of medical vacancies..
We do. He's the worst enemy veterans ever had.
He used us as a political talking point,  nothing else
And many vets at my local VA fell for it. Last time I was there I saw a guy in a MAGA hat. 
I'm at the hospital often. Alot of VETS there are still talking nonsense in the waiting rooms. I change the channel 2 CNN or MSNBC
Yep. I'm there twice every week. Mostly I just avoid other Vietnam vets - most of them went crazy some time. I go sit in the hall no TV.
Thank you!  This is good work for the people our vets
Mr. President ask mr. Jeff session to order mr. Rosenstein to terminate Russia investigation not firing Miller terminate the investigation
I hope people realize before it's too late what a terrible President we really do have people need to get together and demand impeachment
I'm facing a lot of economic problems. Can I send some money to you? Is Jesus bless you ?! ! My skrill email is kalanaruchira@gmail.com
Does this include those veterans and war heroes who happen to be transgender?
#ICUMI   We are #GRATEFUL for our #Vets!  Thank You for Your Service!  #VA
connect the dots...follow the money..............and the dead Russians....................Trump Indictment...................jail time
How many VETS cant afford internet, or don't have access to it due to lack of infrastructure.
Thank you Mr President! 
You are doing a GREAT JOB, and keep in  all your promised, Thank You!
Do u know how many veterans don't have a smart phone?

Hmm? Democratic?  Did you study at Trump U?
Democratic piece of shit ! Obstruction of justice
Does that include transgender vets???
YOURE WELCOME MR CHEETO
I can only assume this is all because you're a draft dodging coward?
Still can't get disability approved in any timely fashion.  Takes years.  Do what you promised, not window coatings.
God is in control he is almighty and glorified in all the universe let your hand and voice bring truth an justice!
God b 4 you who can b against you do the will of God bring forth his power to his Glory!
Homeless vets with cellphones? Maybe I need to hear more.
And now you hide behind our veterens and use them just like the boy scouts #shamefulprez #DumpTrump

The Commander in Chief can block @VoteVets, the voice of 500k military veterans and families, but we will NOT be silenced. 
how about you get disabled Vets, more money for their service? .25 % increase this year! POINT 25 PERCENT! Almost a worthless, "increase"...
@POTUS get Sessions to go go go after Clintons
When are you going to hear us, let us tell you how crappy programs like choice are.I want all vets to have care,I have cancer VA not helping
Keep the word "Veteran" and anything relating to the military out of your mouth, Draft Dodger!!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Thank you President Trump for being one of the very few elected officials to actually take care of our military. 
Awesome job
Thanks Obama! This did not get created under your Administration
BREAKING: Flynn's updated his disclosure forms to reflect pay from Mercer family's Cambridge Analytica 
h/t @yashar
This kind of app has been available publicly for at least a year now. you just repurposed it for VA use.
Thank you Donald Trump the only thing obama gave Vets was a failed healthcare system but yes a better golf game#go Trump
Pretty sure you had nothing to do with this. 
This does video dr visits. Still no real healthcare for vets.

As always President Trump, you never fail to amaze us. I switched to Gab so I don't get vicious hate. 
"Trump, The People's President" ♡U
Conversation w PeñaNieto: wall is "least important thing." Trump is pure SKEEZE, just like @KellyannePolls said before!! #LockHimUp #LIAR
You know what need's to be done fire all of Obama leftover what's wrong with,your fansbase is hurting for you and are tired of this shit.
Check my credentials Contact us seen/heard it ALL know more about VA MORE THAN MOST promise U will not be disappointed contact me
Alright, I gotta admit, this is pretty cool.

How does this app make it better? I know a doctor who works with Veterans & deals with VA bureacracy. This does nothing.

Njet
Worked on this years ago. Trump is so slow
Are you serious? Im not a vet. How will I connect with healthcare?  #votedemocrat, #trumpisscary
Traitor
I'm sorry sir but u should have more common then to say that transgender ppl ahould be allowed to sever in the military ur a big headed mf
Shouldn't*
I watched the tech demo for Veterans' use. Holy Cow! How wonderful....and soooo impressive! Thank you Mr. President for your vision! #MAGA
Support contract for this awarded in Feb 2017. Which means it has been in the works for a long time, at the speed of govt,  it was Obama era
UNLESS those veterans no longer have access to a greencard because of your proposed 'RAISE' nonsense...
@steph93065 I Hope Somehow Mr President I Can Get My Benefits To Help My Son! I know I'm Fading But I have to fight for Him
Wow! Amazing! All it took concerned and smart people to make it happen. Proves that things can b done when Want to solve problems is True.
Thank you, Mr. President!  #Love45
Such a wonderful thing the Obama administration put in place! Thanks for not fucking it up 
Say "hi" to the Grand Jury for me. #TraitorTrump #FakePresident #LiarInChief #smallhands #yuge

Then tell me why my dad, a veteran, has so much trouble getting the help he needs. We don't need videos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgp_Yz6UOYQ … Fire McMasters.
The military-industrial complex, presidents/congress spent $4.4 TRILLION on wars 2001-2014 but there's a "budget" for veteran healthcare.
We don't need your shitstick "computerized" care. We need this nation to pay for 100% of honorably discharged veterans care ALWAYS.
This Veteran finds your healthcare "solution" for us horrendous! #NotMyCommanderInChief
Is that how we get to your cell at Sing Sing?
Also...  an appeal for over 5 years.  Guess they just want me to DIE
Awesome to be able to get records so readily. This should help so many Vets, thanks to technology. "MAGA"
Because homeless veterans have access to technology.
Grow up
Oh really?  Tell that to my gfs step-dad who has been waiting for hospice over a week from the VA.  VA is a joke.
is #Truamposo
Thanks to all of the career feds at the VA who work hard to serve our Vets. No thanks to the political appointees or Russian-installed POTUS
He could find the cure for cancer and liberals complain. It's never good, never enough yet more than anyone did for VA in last 8yrs.
Where do the lousy veterans go?
@doedeer1664 trump you only wanna know how you can get military to guard mineral mines in Afghanistan
> thanks Chief.
Poor trumpy trump can't tell lies fast enough
This is not a historical breakthrough. 
#VAVideoConnect #positive step forward for Vets, VA and America!
Thank you @POTUS!
#PushForward
#MAGA!
Fire Mueller Now. Call congress back to session. Force them to consider health care before they get a vacation
Fact check: President Trump’s phantom Veteran Affairs reform claim
A failing President man child clutching at very short straws 2 deflect is cringeworthy honey...
Now, if only there were enough medical care available.
Are you also expanding vets access to the app via free and paid up smart phones?
OUTSTANDING!!!
Thank God President Obama initiated this program
#ThanksObama
Good job Mr. President.
Thanks for standing up for our Veterans.
Crook.
I am sure our homeless Veterans will be thrilled
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Good one. This sounds useful.
What about the Veterans you blocked from @votevets?
#FakePresident #fakenews #senilepresident
We know you've no respect or sense of responsibility with the military - "Mr. bone spur deferment" college sports participant.   
https://twitter.com/trump45_prez/status/892921201525481472 … #MAGA #TRUMP #WINNING
Will Trump Build That Wall

Unless they are transgender.....
I'm a Veteran. I cringe every time I go into the VA Hospital and see your picture on the wall. Just wanted to share that with you.
Once again, stealing President Obama's thunder. Shameful and really pathetic.
While at the same time trying to remove health care from Veterans with your health care proposals.
Another great Obama program. Thanks President Obama!
Thank you Sir, a man of his word, finally!

Yes, I am sure all the homeless vets living on the streets will find this invaluable!  *NOT*
Like it!  Where's the funding to take care of our veterans?  Slashing that as well?
How about supporting Medicare For All so all Americans can benefit from a single-payer system?
david shulkins allowed #trump touse our amazing #Veterans &take creditfor  Telehealth implementedby @POTUS44 administration
All Americans should have health care.
Not sure how you actually look a vet in the eye knowing you took deferment after deferment to get out of serving the country.
Stop the political bullshit. Stop being pro-one party and get all of the house and Congress to work together or you are useless and Quit.
@steph93065 Mr. President Thank You For Loving America! Whatever I Suffer I Wear it Proud cause America's Worth Sacrifice
Great Job President Trump
Finally
Please stop the E-log law, is going to hurt drivers, it is just about control and money for congresss
Except you're trying to take their healthcare away from them so...
You are such an embarrassment to our country
Dear mr trump please assure access for veterans to medical pot to ease pain and PTSD Jesse Ventura will run on this platform in 2020
I thank you so much President Trump for all your efforts to help us veterans and for your work in trying to make our country great again
LOL - PacMan of the millennium. A Mt Home VAMC shrink did good job of hiding behind computer monitors TODAY. So little respect or help.
