It ends with you in PRISON. Everyone seems to know this but you.
Oh right. If the Gov't wasn't so broken HRC would be in jail. Only fools would trust these embedded politicians in DC.
The embedded politicians in DC did like 10 Benghazi probes. Now NO PROBES. HRC had more power (& protection) then than now. Explain this?
Men died in Bengazi. HRC basically committed at best neglect and worse treason with her emails, her HRC foundation is corrupt.
You are NOT answering my question. You're ONLY describing the Benghazi/server probes. Why not probes/indictment now? (less power/protection)
Investigate the "Russian" involvement NP. Thats not whats going on and u know it. Its an attempt to overturn an election.
If anyone wants to "overturn" election are Republicans.
Ah like which one?
You told classified Intel to Lavrov and Kislyak in the Oval Office!! You are a traitor! This is treason!
He wasn't even at the meeting. WAPO didn't even speak with 1 of the 3 at the meeting. More anonymous sources.
Who wasn't at the meeting?
The original report of the meeting only consisted of Tillerson, FM of Russia, and I can't remember the females name.
Trump, Kislyak, Lavrov, Tillerson and Russian Tv? Anyone else?
White House has already come and said its a flat out lie. Just like recent WAPO stories. It's getting ridiculous.
What's truly ridiculous is that you don't understand that Trump has been spinning lies and retractions and lies and retractions nonstop
I don't care if it's Trump or any other politician, produce the facts. Again, Corrine Brown is a convicted dem, and you hear nothing.
Asked if FBI's Russia investigation is fake news or a witch hunt, Clapper told MSNBC on Friday: "I don't believe it is."
clapper came out and contradicted this tweet.
SO that makes it still true?
typical. A dumb, ad homenem slight, rather than answer. Can't wait for your apology during impeachment
For this "best president," can you name a single idea of his, or a kept promise, or a tangible achievement? Just one?
They didn't say that. That's just what your twisted mind heard.
That is NOT what they said.
So ... do these tweets of yours today constitute "witness tampering" or "obstruction of justice?"  Just looking for a legal opinion here.
It ends when the truth is discovered and any guilty parties are appropriately punished. That's kind of how it's supposed to work in America.
When does it end???  From your latest tweets and rants, it looks like it hasn't even started yet ...
Fool me once, shame on me. 
Fool me twice, shame on Trump!  
#FridayFeeling
@realDonaldTrump you're not acting  innocent. You're acting like a guilty man. It ends when the truth is revealed (and you see windbreakers)
Can I borrow some money
Repeal and replace fake news
again , you lie. Comey Never said there was no collusion ...your a pathological Lier 
We want your taxes.  Comrade
#fakemedia especially CNN and MSNBC are running with this rubbish narrative. Idiots like Crying Chuck & Nancy Pelosi fan the flames.....
.....they have their own leftist agenda or so sad what it's come to
It's hard to imagine that for most of American history people were like, "women are too emotional to be president."
Well being as James Clapper just shot your lies down, maybe just admit you are being blackmailed & #Resign
We want ice cream! Badananana We want ice cream! Badananana We want ice cream! Badananana We want ice cream! Badananana #PowerToThePeople
it could all end if you'd release your taxes and allow for an investigation, you'll never regain public trust with these childish tweets.
oh wait, you never had public trust in the first place... i take it back, you're screwed and this will never end.
Trolls in force & ineffective today! Admit you're a little scared to - 
Trolls are in force all right!!
I typed "to" rather than "too" and didn't get jumped on - they are too busy I guess 

This is where it ends!
That's not what he said! You are either a liar or stupid about the facts of what he said. Either way - SAD!
3/ the same russian who u claimed once u never met ? yah right money laundering  at its best Trump.explain that move
Clapper was not made aware of the full scope of the investigations & he was no longer involved you sophomoric unhinged liar. Resign now
It would help if you had one ounce of integrity in you. Be more transparent. Release your taxes maybe?
About 4.30 this afternoon?
KOTUS. (King Of The US.) You're in big doo-doo. Threatening and making the FBI your enemy was probably not a very bright move

Remember Clinton's Whitewater?
when you open up and share the information to clear your name
Then why fire the guy if he wasn't going to find anything?
Your only hear what you want? That is not what he said. Demand transparency and ask for special investigation
When you stop being Vladimir Putin's COCKHOLSTER.
He didn't say that, President Cockholster.
He said, he HAS NO KNOWLEDGE of it. Meaning they hadn't seen enough evidence before he retired. Pay attention to detail!
Repeated lies do not turn into truths.
It is a witch hunt.  AND YOU ARE A WITCH.  #RESISTANCE #ComeyFiring #COMEY #Trump #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Now now. Agent orange is many things- small minded, petty, thin skinned, misogynistic, a bully, etc but please dont give witches a bad name!
You're giving agent orange a bad name.  Even that is not as toxic as Trump
It ends with your impeachment and hopefully, imprisonment.
We need to continue to drain the swamp. President Trump you are doing all you can do with what you have to work with

Actually, every single intelligence agency has confirmed numerous times that Russia interfered in the election & Flynn is proof of collusion
Don't worry donnie Ex Marine Real Patriot Robert Mueller will let you know when it's done And the end won't be pretty for U
It will end when you admit to obstruction of justice which you are actually guilty of. Then you apologize to all of America for lying and resign.
I don't call  FOUR of your staff being charged with Federal crimes (TWO have pled GUILTY) a "witch hunt".
It ends when it ends Donnie. If you have nothing to hide...and it really IS nothing more than a witch hunt, why the hell are you worried?
OH MY, U dont have many believin UR lies anymore, its time 2admit 2everything &STEP DOWN! UR busted, caught, in OVER UR HEAD! #LiarInChief #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia #TrumpTrain #TrumpResign #TrumpIsAbully #TrumpIsATraitor #DraftDodger #Impeach45 #RoyMoore #TrumpIsASexualPredator
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, wh...
LOOK AT THE DATE??   you still singing the same tune!! will gift you a harmonica when you in gitmo locked up !
Sounds like something someone who colluded would say ....
Former DNI chief James Clapper on Michael Flynn: “He is not a coffee boy, this is not a hoax, it’s not fake, it’s real.” #FlashbackFriday #TrumpRussia #Flynn http://cnn.it/2AjarbL 
"Witch hunt"
This is an investigation. Which is showing that collusion did happen. Stop trying to distract us.  Resign before you go to jail
I didn’t know Clapper was part of the Special Counsel’s team
It ends when you start taking a stand and leading the betrayers right out the door.
But he's betrayer number one
TRANSLATION: Witchunt!
When you resign it ends.
This is who should be investigated. ...
Photoshop much? You need more practice.
Did you eat paint chips as a kid? If not you should.
When you resign or impeached
BAD BOY, OR BAD HOMBRE WHAT YOU GONNA  DO WENT COME FOR YOU,RUSSIAN ROULETTE  IS LEFT FOR YOU!
I think there is a good chance u personally didnt collide w/ the Russians,but ur team prob did.100 % no doubt they did w/ Obamas sanctions
Trump sees everything through blind eyes such that he can't see truth. We already know of his staff having ties with Russia like Flynn did.
I get it now - that was "when" in the sense of "if" - a counterfactual! nice
John Danielle will you make a song about naruto
It's closing in on you. Not long now...
The witch hunt ends when the witch is impeached and convicted, or resigns, or is removed by 25th Amendment. I'm guessing this August.
you are toast....cannot escape Comey
When u turn off the tv @CNN
when you're behind bars
James Clapper never said that & his denial turned Trey Gowdy's face red. One of your corrupt Senators.
@POTUS it ended yesterday Now that you have your size 12 shoe on their necks, time to END THEM! 

#RespectPOTUS
#GodBleszTrumpsAmerica
keep one thing in mind---DO NOT BEND OVER IF YOU DROP YOUR SOAP WHEN YOU ARE IN PRISON--
Clapper did not say that. He said he didn't know about it. U are changing the meaning of what he said. Why do u lie so much?
When Gen. Hayden speaks for independent prosecution why don't you? #nervousTrump
When you resign, you suck
привет товарищу, как ты?
With Obama we had grace, style, intelligence, and wit. With you...not so much
When you are gone liar, leaker, cheater and basically not good guy
@doedeer1664 trump JAMES CLAPPER DOESN'T THINK IT'S WITCH HUNT,YOU GAVE RUSSIA CLASSIFIED INFO ,NOT TWEETING ON THAT R U, GET LIES STRAIGHT
A little mud in the eye today if we are gonna go by what clapper himself has to say, huh??? @LouiseMensch @TrueFactsStated @ @20committee
It ends when you are no longer President and are hopefully residing in a jail cell somewhere
When you resign
Now Clapper is saying you're the worst thing for our country. I heard him on radio n thought he was that crazy commie guy.
After your second term
You are deluded by your own ego.
An Chinese proverb: (as your grandchildren should know, or are they phonies like you??) "those who are innocent aren't afraid of the ghosts!
With your resignation.
How long do most investigations last? 2 months? 6 months? It'll last until the investigations r over.Also this from http://Constitution.org :
Not the smartest ? for you to ask! You are guilty and it will end with you and your family in jail if Justice prevails!
You try to pick up turds from the clean end, don't you?
Can I please ask that you shut up and let the grownups Run the country. Because all your winning is embarrassing us and ruining our country
WILL NEVER END..WHAT LEFTIST DEMS FEAR MOST IS A REPORT THAT SAYS THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION..That's why witch hunt goes on forever
But there is collusion and the United States citizen know! We won't forget!
After a Special Prosecutor is chosen.
For the sake of the country, please resign.
It all ends with your impeachment
Except he never said that. You act like video tape doesn't exist.
Witch hunt?? That's the most ludicrous thing I've heard since they announced you "won" the election.
Soon enough Sweetheart. Soon enough.
Misleading at the very least...Clapper has integrity and doesn't spew everything he knows...
You are the dumbest.  He did not say that. It's only the voices in your head
You are involved up to your eyeballs in collusion and obstruction. You make Nixon look like a Boy Scout. Enjoy prison!
please go after the DNC for election fraud , they admitted to already. If our vote didn't matter in the primaries why do we fund elections
Clapper looks Guilty of complicity in whatever he isn't saying!
It never ends, they don't want eye turning to #SethRichMurder
No collusion?  REALLY?  Is that why u give classify information to Russia?  Resign!!!!!  Step down, u are a danger to our Military family
...when you FIND THE LEAKERS and DRAIN THE SWAMP. It's your prez defining duty. History will reward you for returning our national soul.
The dems will never side with you no matter what. They want you out and destroyed.
Keep people informed about wrongdoings.  You know you are getting to the swamp creatures when they keep hitting.  Silence would mean danger.
it isn't ending it is coming together.
Nor did he say there was no collusion, but nice technique of denying something that we all heard, with our own ears. If innnocent why lie?
Traitor.
Maybe when you do the right things and step down Donny lad, just a thought my old mukka 
You know this is a lie, so why embarrass yourself again and again. Can't wait for the impeachment
There's collusion, You love side deals, backroom antics, lies and greed. Definitely collusion; Discovery TBA
It end when you leave office
Delusional on http://dictionary.com .maintaining fixed false beliefs even when confronted with facts,usually as a result of mental illness
Media&Dem Lawyers drag all out 2 get what they want.Theres nothing there when Hillary deletes 40K+ secret docs. Face it they want power back
When a credible non partisan investigatory group says so. If UR innocent then U have nothing to worry about. We know UR guilty of #stupid
What
Criminal Trump went after Obama over birther Bull 4 years. GOP ignorance went after Hilary 4 years over email U Lied they found nothing
You're the worst president ever!
No more blow & marijuana  4 U! It's affecting ur old age illness. Ur memory is surely shot.
It ends when they get rid of Trump.
SAYING something false as if it were true doesn't make it so. In fact, it can implicate you in obstruction of justice
Go ahead
Keep talking
You must have heard something other than I did. He said no such thing. You must have HOPED he said that! Sad!
#conspiracyidiot #libtard #moron #stupiddemocrats
The demand that tax returns be made public isn't going away!! We will hound you in every way possible until you comply
When you are in prison
you forgot to mention the one thing they all said- "YET". I believe you and your campaign staff colluded BIGLY.
When you and your cabal leave the WH.
@peddoc63 When there are no democrats left would be my guess...wish...hope........prayer!
#crookedtrump
Mr. Trump there is now a special prosecutor, and I pray the first thing he does is subpoena your tax returns. Resign before impeachment!!!!!
When the investigations over
Not according to his interview today on @CNN. Whoops.
James Clapper himself? WHOA! A guy who wasn't at the FBI & planned to leave the admin. last year. Yeah, that's the guy who would know. smh.
You're a joke.
When you are in jail.
I bet you Hillar was wondering the same thing 20 years ago
Stop lying.
Hope your staff watched Clapper interview & can explain it to you. You know you're guilty. Indictment time.
Im so sick of the news channels, even Fox.  Always PR against u.  They hate ur base too, & Christians. Wonder when they will come after us.
It ends when you're impeached and imprisoned. Sad.
It ends when you are removed from office and sitting in prison.

Sir.
When you resign or impeached!
When a real investigation takes place and runs long enough to have a conclusion
I'd like to know why on two separate occasions,each of your sons have said you have received funding from Russia
No one has said there is no collusion but you
They do not want it to end Donald. It is part of their playbook and script - and all that they've got. http://tinyurl.com/jq7blkr 
And if there is anything that Communists/Nazi's and their ilk do it's stick to their scripts and little red books! 
God Bless you and yours Donald Trump. Most of America is strongly behind you 100% and will remain so. We're in it to win it! 
seriously?  No most of the world understands why the leader of our nation should not be a liar.

