If you need my help, just ask. I am a Vet (USAFSS & ADC) Intercept Operator, 29251 and 30551 Digital Data Repairman ,8 years service.
I gotta admit it...you have NO CLASS! watch 2 of Obama's dances with his wife...learn something!
Yes, yes we be   #TRUMPSTERS 
Love all you guys
Never great again! Thanks to you.
Super dancer.
One day Trump drop nuclear bmb on this global it will be return too :/
I believe we should give Donald Trump a chance.  He is doing his best for America.
I can never see this enough! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS
I clap for their dance, but the song is a curse. Some men just died here in Phils. after singing that song.
very touching  :)
Our best @POTUS ever thanks for batting for America Donald!

You both looked so elegant and happy that night! So much in love too. God bless you Mr and Mrs Trump!
Usj
Call me if you need anything. #MAGA
God blessed America with You and vice President Pence. You are bringing back pride again. Honored to be at your inaguration
You make me proud to be an American.....
most hated President ever in history, Putin is now running 2 countries
congratulations Mr President
Donald and his third baby mama are not welcome in DC
hope you are as excited as we are! Sleep well!
unfollow


I believe In you and your message.

Fake news
There's a lot of empty space over by the Washington Monument that was filled in 2008/2012...
Obamas presidency was historic. Of course first black pres will get more. #MAGA
over 1 million more 
And it lead to Obamas legacy being rejected, 1100 seats lost, Trump wins! #MAGA
even when you see it with your own eyes you still can't admit he is UNPOPULAR?
That'd require facing the truth, which his fragile reality can't handle. Cognitive Dissonance is a bitch
make America great again please!!
Why, you getting #impeached already?
@POTUS Congrats Mr President! Please dont forget the American Citizens living in Puerto Rico!
Such a beautiful First Family so glad you are in the WH!
#PresidentTrump #InauguralBall
I feel bad for your wife. She wants to ...you know...dump trump
Congratulations President Trump. May God bless you.
Goodnight Mr.President, well done!  Rest well! 
...You will make America great again by dancing?
make America great if you can
That entire dance were you thinking "But I had three million less votes."
He won the popular vote if you throw out votes from illegals and dead people.
I can't take anything you say seriously since your profile is basically 'Wendy's'.

Happy 
Starting
@POTUS what's it like knowing tomorrow hundreds of thousands of people will be marching in protest against you?
What's it like knowing he won and your opinion didn't change a thing.
https://www.buzzfeed.com/stephaniemlee/people-are-saying-that-twitter-forced-them-to-follow-trumps?utm_term=.rjkONWAGm#.vcNXwVxyg …
@realDonaldTrump
great Mr. President. Please take care of Indians!! We are part in development of USA
you can make taiwan great
.@realDonaldTrump
Thank you !! We know you will  make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! @realDonaldTrump
can't dance, no style
Trump
America knows that!!! And that is why you are our president!!!

do what a good president must do in the world
RELEASE YOUR TAXES
No dancer. Sad!
.@realDonaldTrump odd choice of music for the #InauguralBall but whatever
Sinatra's daughter is on record objecting to it's use. Perfect Narcissist song though.
Sinatra didn't write the song.
You forgot to thank Putin.
yeah, and Castro, and the Iranians.....I'm sure they all got him elected
No, the investigation is focused on the Russians. Need a link?
no, I have no trust in any links from someone who believes the Russians did anything.
You're an odd snowflake.
thanks, and you read to much fantasy
so CIA and FBI reports are "fantasy" now? Sorry but Trump is a puppet
Trump doesn't want this picture shared. Please don't share it. Ok, thanks.
#TheResistance
well, if you can't get tanks for your inaugural parade, I guess tractors are just as good? #TheResistance
This is just embarrassing. lol 
Like a flipping county fair. They had the tractor pull on the east lawn.
#MAGA
Donald, the American taxpayers will not pay for your bogus wall. Stop trying to con us and defraud your supporters.
 @realDonaldTrump
The wall will be built. Just use El Chapo's and Al Sharpton's money.
Confiscate the bogus donations to the now defunct Clinton Global and J Lewis property taxes
Baccarat
America great again? America is already great     #WeAllAreAmerica
you are to young  to remember great America  ;(
#LoveMyPresident45 
'Could I have these kisses forever..'
Fatso and his Porn Again mail-order bride.
I want all anti Trump who again u go to jail any body who protest against you going to go to jail
American is great loser!!!
America is, was and always has been great!
It's not like she likes to be peed on, funnily enough, the prostitutes in Moscow never got paid, just like all his subcontractors! hehe!.
you hate again? All you promote is division and darkness
Class is back in the White House...elegant 1st lady...ever
beautiful gown Mrs trump our gracious first lady
You two have the on-screen chemistry of a sock and a textbook.
You mean You will make america white,christian,straight, and male again.  I'm  still with  Hillary Clinton
Though I'm not a huge supporter, they are a beautiful couple. 
sir, what's the song name?
vomit. #freemelania. I feel so sorry for your mail order bride.
when can we expect to see the First Lady again??
Understand she can not speak unless spoken to, sort of figures. Let Baron say whats on his mind.
now please legalize and tax marijuana , this is a tax people will happily pay . Police will have more time for real crimes
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
.@realDonaldTrump Who was that singing? God, that entertainment was pathetic.
@Shadow__Ir جالب بود، شاد وتندرست باشید!
I want to be your son father trump
what a lovely sight! #weloveyoupresidentandfirstlsdytrump
you've made a diferencealreadypresidentthank you on behalf of the American people
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
Save your breath – you’ll need it to blow up your date.
America has been been great you need to rephrase
Keep America Great
God bless America & God bless President.Trump,our First Lady AND our first Family
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
YOU guys were the best one's on the floor. Remember Millions, Millions are praying for u 24/7. We love you all.
jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja-puto
Sinatra sang it much better. God, how horrible this mans voice is. #Trajedy
めっちゃキモいねんけど
When was our country not great?
Meryl Streep has received her 20th Oscar nomination. You never won an Emmy. More people chose clinton
you want to make America great again then leave it.
we aren't together.
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
Первая леди Америки. Да. Это первая красивая Первая леди. 8)
do something with our schools, we have kids leaving  middle school not ready for high school please help them
@POTUS God bless our President and First Lady. An amazing couple and beautiful family.
I will pray for them, EVERY DAY
@POTUS @VP Honourable Dance.
it's a great love story! 
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
are you abusing your wife?
nice to see your tears and smiles
how much hair spray you think you use a week
You're the reason women beat their husbands
what did u say to ur wife in that video that almost reduced her to tears?
@TimMcCa83814334 i hope that you make america proud
@POTUS great evening for the few who came out. Too bad you didn't have better weather. Maybe that's what kept them away.
Free Melania!
looked like your wife couldn't stand being that close to you....loser small hands!
in this video I see you happy.  In many clips different I only see you as person of working
We love you Trump Thanks for the help !!!!!
@POTUS
I voted for you. I have all the best in me, that you will be a great President. And you will make America great again
@TEXASDENNY
@POTUS It was truly magic!  Thank you so much!
You liked your OWN tweet? Could you BE any more narcissistic?  The GOP is going to be celebrating when they get rid of you.
hey trump im mexican and im in the whitehouse
jokes
hi
Release your taxes Mr. President 
Congratulation Donald ..you both look awesome.
elegant couple
beauty and the beast...only you stay beastly.
Awkward. You have obviously never actually danced with your wife. This is actually painful to watch. Bless her heart.
THANK YOU !
you do know you have a wife again ... Right?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
she obviously can't stand you near her
while dancing you should be looking into the eyes of your wife not into any cameras. Same goes for waving while dancing
yes we will supporting you 100 percent. Great week.  Beautiful dance.
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
ur the absolute worst prez ever. Maybe better than Andrew Jackson doe... hard to beat that
I believe you are creating MORE terrorist on purpose isolating them to one area so you can bomb the nation in excuse
VideoGameTiger
@POTUS booooooo
Jeez, that music was performed terribly! AND, who waves a thumbs up while dancing with FirstLady? Freak!
@POTUS congratulations
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
you let the bank lobbyists get away with murder. APRs 20% or more. $38 late fees. Shame shame shame
unfortunately  this is a Obama deal
