What's in it for you, draft dodger? #dumptrump #TrumpcareFail
Did you ever pay the rally money you promised to veteran charities?
don't you like making fun of handicapped people? you're sickening
.@realDonaldTrump You guys going to share war stories? Oh, that’s right, you’re a draft dodger.
Oh good! Give them a party and play the concerned host. After they leave you &a Ryan will cut their benefits! What a sport!
That's fine but what about... Never mind. #saintpetersburg @PutinRF_Eng
Does he think AT ALL before he spews?!?!?
#freethe3 #Ali_AlNimr @Pontifex @KingSalman @theresa_may @NasrahAlahmed @amnesty @ABC @nytimes @CNN @FoxNews
Try not to make fun of those with disabilities this time, m'kay?
كفيه حروب وتجاره بدماء الابرياء في العالم  لقد حلت عليكم اللعنه ولافيده من تجوزها ابدان
You have such a great track record when it comes to addressing people with disabilities.
They probably don't know the back story to this incident. Hint: it involved a lying "journalist".
No wonder you love Fox News, you have a lot in common, sexual harassment
Keep these heroes in mind when you are cutting their benefits. Or getting us into an unneeded war.
Indeed, meet some real heroes unlike yourself
Looking forward to your impeachment!!!  
Looking forward from u awakening from ur delusion and ur failing ideology.
Are you going to encourage congress to enact laws preventing banks from taking our homes?
... your actions will ensure we have plenty more wounded warriors to go around.
1. Thank you for doing this
2. If you actually cared about our veterans, why are you trying so hard to cut their benefits?
These people are wounded warriors because they fought for their country when they were called to serve. You should be ashamed of yourself.
You not only lied about your made-up illness, but you lied to the veterans on the campaign trail saying your health plan would help them.
It's funny how for every crazy post you share about Hillary, you have a staffer rush to post something like this to bury it. Sad!
These ppl are now disabled bc they fought for their country, many of them your age. As a country, we can't get this image out of our heads…
Just so you know, the mocking thing was BS. He did the same thing impersonating Ted Cruz and many others. I don't think Ted is disabled.
Remember that time you said @SenJohnMcCain wasn't a hero because he was captured?
He said he shouldn't be a war hero just because he was capture. Nice try though #misquoted
You may believe that's what he meant, but it's not what he said.
"Perhaps he's a war hero, but right now, he's said bad things about a lot of people,' Trump added. - Business Insider
I don't "believe" it I go and look it up like a normal human being instead of assuming, just to fuel political agendas. #liberals
Right. He said that a man who was held prisoner for years while in service to his country was not heroic.
I just gave you the full quote go back and read it again. He clarified, you're just ignoring it cause you like demonizing him more.
Looking good Donald!!! #watchoutlance
you mean the @wwp that takes 40% of donations for themselves and lavish lifestyles and only gives 60% of donations to wounded veterans? THAT Wounded Warrior "Project"?
All the veterns & military love u the police ICE all love u as ur the GREATest Pres Trump ur marvelous infectious spirit makes all DO better

Trump approval rating back up to 46% according to Rasmussen. Still no idea who Gallup is sampling.
Cherry picking so they can slant to low % numbers for Trump. Not gonna work.
Capitalist politics has brought us to a time where this is the President of America.
and your point is commie??????

your funny that not fbi investigation .cnn got you all blanked up 
U enlist the good while destroying our FREE PRESS BY SLAMMING WIKILEAKS AND SNOWDEN.TELL SESSIONS TO GET HILLARY INSTEAD & THAT WEASEL COMEY
 @realDonaldTrump
I'm a VERY PROUD MOM of a Military #Veteran
He participated in @wwp 
He won 3 GOLD 
Much LOVE & RESPECT
@WhiteHouse
Thanks to your son.  But why does his mom support treason and betray the country he protected?
Great, the draft dodger wants to host the so warriers.
Awesome!! Thank you for supporting our warriors Mr. President
How do you figure he's doing anything g good for these people ???
Ann..Open your eyes & heart...stop drinking the hate/ugliness & cool aid. Russia gate is really a dems lie under another Obama coverup

.
I'm sure they had plenty of respect for your FIVE DEFERMENTS for a bum foot (which you don't even remember which foot)
#resign
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th… htt...
One of the biggest scams there is more money goes into the CEO's pocket then the vets get... To much money is wasted!!!!
False. Do some research,
It's not FALSE that WWP has taken thousands from our disabled Vietnam vets and their families who have cared for them for decades. SHAMEFUL
What kind of bicycle are you riding Donald? Seriously - if you can't walk up a flight of stairs!
How do they feel about you being a #DraftDodger?
one scam helps another scam.
False. Do your research.
I speak from personal experience from my time inside your organization. Thanks.
#Trump #Fraud
We love that our President looks out for our veterans now!
MAGA
Why aren't you bragging about the very generous and wonderful donation you made to the national parks today?! Is it because ......
you would need to make 39 more donations of that size to make up for the expenses you incur for just one trip to your golf club  in FL?
What exactly does the Wounded Warrior project provide that is not already provided by the VA?
Too much to list on Twitter. Feel free to check out everything we have to offer: http://bit.ly/2oz24mP .
The benefits & services listed @ the WWP website are available to disabled vets through the VA. What does the WWP offer that the VA doesn't?
Maybe you should try biking? Treadmill? Try something cause golf isn't doing it for you.
Shake their hands - then cut their benefits! SO proud of you.
Right before you cut their benefits?
WWO is not all it's cracked up to be.  No wonder they have you fooled, fool.
Hey Twitter twit maybe you can show them your bone spur x-rays
lmp.
Rolling thunder will be there for Memorial Day.
You want to send more to war & create more wounded warriors. @realDonaldTrump @wwp @WhiteHouse https://newrepublic.com/article/140357/donald-trump-no-friend-veterans … #DraftDodgerDonald
And your new budget will take away meals on wheels from 500,000 vets!
Donald you are disgusting. You honor Vets. by depriving 500.000 of them of Meals on Wheels? What sort of Monster did your Parents rear?
To be honest, if you really were so flip and disrespectful about your privileged deferment, you don't deserve to even meet these warriors.
Thank you, Mr. President for honoring our Soldiers and Police Officers.  They need our respect and thanks for all they have to do!!
do you think they will be pleased to see you now you have totally betrayed them!
They HATE you
How can you post this. These men fought against things like the KGB and Authoritarianistic Dictatorships, like Egypt. #sadsack
Supporting our Vets is always a good thing.But increasing the military budget is ridiculous. Stop the killing and destruction NOW!
I thought the WWP had been declared a crooked entity?? I did donate and would love to continue. My wife works in OR at a big VA hospital
Looking forward to the day you leave the white house.

Where i can buy this shit?
While you remove funding from veterans, you need to shut your trap.
Go for a ride with them, Donny! I dare you.
Where's the money you said you'd donate to them?
Vets 1st
This is a good, and worthy use of your time. Thank you.
Thank you President Trump for supporting our veterans.

Thank you for making these heroes your priority!
I love wounded warrior Project#
Wait why not take them to your resort??? Have we not paid enough taxes for you to use?
How many times did you avoid serving your country?
you are a coward and warriors know it
Good to see this! Outstanding Oooohhrraaa!
what time? Driving with my Rob Thursday - We love our Donald  Rob wants to wash WH http://robpowerhousewashing.com  #whitehousetour
@Rockprincess818 @wwp @WhiteHouse president Trump is for our military and law enforcement
Hope your bone spurs don't stop you like they did during the vietnam war! #profilesincourage
Really? While you try to cut medicaid and veteran services? You are a two-faced hypocrite. The world despises you and laughs at you, sir
Thank you Mr President
So when are you going to tell them about all the money you will be taking away from them
Show these American heroes your bone spurs and your 5 deferments
Hey draft dodger. Leave heroe alone corade coward
And do they know that Ryan's plan wanted to take away veteran mental health benefits and veteran suicide prevention counseling?
LoveThis
@Julie4Trump @wwp @WhiteHouse if you get rid of Steve banning you have lost grassroots support
#Trumprussia is again exploiting Veterans!! Where is the millions$ u promised them ?

Anyone know if they will be going through Maryland.  I have video cameras, smartphone.
How are your bone spurs? Traitor and draft dodger. You should be ashamed!
those that you tried to exclude in healthcare..rather hypocrite of you
I guess these soldiers are ok in your eyes cause they didn't get caught? #trumpimpeachmentparty
You sure were trying awfully hard to cut all these vet's benefits just a week ago. #hypocriteinchief
for so long forgotten.
stop pretending you care about us. Revoking the Fair and Safe Workplaces order?! For SHAME! #DontheCon
DONT PRETEND TO GIVE A SHIT ABOUT SOLDIERS DRAFT DODGING DONALD!!! YOUR GOP FRIENDS CUT THEIR FUNDS AND TRIED TO KILL ACA WHICH HELPS THEM!
https://youtu.be/VQcPZrBbb2Q 
This from a draft dodger
Suggest you not mention your bone spurs.
THC is the stuff that gets you high; CBD (cannabidiol) is the stuff that makes you feel better. Ask a ww. Give quality of life.
@AnnCoulter President Trump I want to continue to serve in the Navy they will force me out please get extend my duty Chief William Morelli
#trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns #Trump #trumpputin
https://www.buzzfeed.com/alimwatkins/a-former-trump-adviser-met-with-a-russian-spy?utm_term=.nuKGYkNMG#.hgJym85dy …
isn't that part of the group you stiffed on donation pledge?
Russians or partners use chemicals to attack civilians (kids) in Syria!
Beautiful,  very, very nice.
Do you count your (bogus) bone spur in ur foot as a military wound? You should be ashamed as you betrayed your country. Draft Dodger Donald.
@potus @GOP Looking forward to getting a REAL president who doesn't insult veterans and their families.  Or kill them.
You sure don't like us vets except to use us to raise money then take it for yourself. You're a Blue Angel POS
This is coming from a guy who wants to cut funding for the Meals on Wheels and prevent kids to eat in a public school.
I think this is great!!! On Sunday May 28 I hope you make a statement for all the riders for Rolling Thunder and all veterans. Thank you
Why do you plan on stealing money directly from them... Not beating around the bush?
Be sure to let the Wounded Warriors know how you avoided the Vietnam draft
President Trump, please request this group stay out of congress. They've harmed enough vets from past wars.  Thank You
Of course you support an organization that fakes its support for their stated cause. They're a fake,
You're a fake!
you would align with those crooks @wwp and not a real charity. You are garbage! #impeach
then why are you not taking care of our troops?   Stop lying
Yes, they are heroes in our eyes. You, on the other hand, have little character.
Tell me, MrLittleHands, why are you picking a fight w/ N. Korea? You want to make more heroes to parade around for your vanity?? Really?????
HOW'S YOUR FOOT?
We don't need a builder--we need a LEADER--you make me sick -- majority of Americans hate you-applause isn't too great from construction
Make sure you don't mock anyone!
You don't have any idea
#notmypresident
Did you ever pay them that money you said you raised for them?
Awesome... 
Awesome...  
Awesome...  
well trump you want to take medicaid away from the HELPLESS SHAME ON YOU
Service connected vet looking for a job.  Got any?
HYPOCRITE
We are so blessed that we have a President who really loves our Country. Just stay the course to MAGA. Only ignorant people not on board.
Release your tax returns.
https://www.facebook.com/United.Syrian.Republic/videos/1965850500315774/ … please listen to one of your own Donald.
加油，干死安倍。
@SenJohnMcCain Plz continue to honor our soldiers by apologizing to John McCain,an American hero & by increasing benefits to those in need.
