cc @CNN @SBSNews @7NewsSydney @9NewsAUS @PDChina @RT_com @scmpvideo @PrisonPlanet @MMFlint
3). Everyday Syrian children are injured by explosive devices. Syrian children are being maimed for life!! 
What kind of future will these suffering children have? Mr. President I encourage you to please consider the little children when deciding to pull aid away from Syria.
2.)The Syrian children deserve to go to bed at night in peace on a bed with covers in there own rooms. They deserve nutritious meals to eat undisturbed by air raids. The Syrian children deserve not to have to play out of doors in places where there are hidden explosive devices.
What are the facts? You say the WAPO fabricated facts on what you had said concerning Syria. Well, tell us then, what.are.the.facts?? I think ending aid to Syria is detrimental to the children caught up in a religeous civil war they didn't ask for.
Still jealous of Jeff Bezos.  Sad.
Dear sweet lord, you just make up things as you go a long....You are unfit to serve as our President.
Can’t you understand that your market moving comments about AMZN is taking billions out of the 401ks of the very people who voted for you. You have become a disaster for investors!!!!!  Trump trade=depleted retirements for non billionaire mall developers
Bezos is a jerk
Amazon is a joke.I no longer use them for any purchase. Last purchase was so called lost in mail for a month. Got it put it in the trash. God knows where it was .No trust done. Done done
President Trump, thank you for all you do, helping everyday people to enjoying being an American again. Our prayers and blessings and thaks that you continue to do well. Teresa
@realDonaldTrump
Youre an isis backer along with the cia lol
The "Amazon Washington Post?" Mr. Bezos did something you didn't agree with, didn't he?

Barack Obama negotiated the Iran deal so that they would sell their excess uranium to the nuclear fuel bank his friend Warren Buffett invested $50million in. 
Unrolled thread from @fixurheart2016 #QAnon #FollowTheWhiteRabbit …

The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels ...
disgusting bots
Exactly
didn't the american military go against ppl against isis aka siding w terrorists because it was good for mknwy
RT @realDonaldTrump The FAR LEFT views of leaders at Amazon & Google are a CLEAR & PRESENT DANGER to #USA. Cut off all their GOVT CONTRACTS.
Ok, fake pouts
vous devez mettre fin a la guere civile en Syrie pour vous occuper a votre programe de campagnes
We know there full of it just keep doing what your doing go Trump go
The Trump Org Fox news should be able to clear it up
When are you going to get it right? There is no Amazon Washington Post.  Jeff Bezos only owns 16% of Amazon shares. Why do you connect?

shut up.  Everything out of your mouth is a lie.  Resign.
"Massive, dangerous, wasteful" - wow, you finally said it, I'm impressed. Well done!
That was a good idea you had sir
Everyone say Never Again shall the US arm terrorists! Thank you Mr. President for ending this evil. Keep it up! #MAGA
and your popularity continues to drop   LOLOLOLOLOL
I know you are a Traitor i know how it start when Obama embarrassed you at correspondent dinner you talk to Putin to rig election

BULL SHIT
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-07-31/stockman-tweet-shaking-war-party … 

The tweet that is shaking the War Party!
Isn't Amazon becoming a conglomerate that must be taken down! They are destroying our economy
Then have someone post the facts! (Preferably someone who has a history of being forthright and consistent)
Veio marrento
I smell another investigation into the most corrupt administration ever.  By DJ Chump
Lie!
Right on!  End our involvement in the ME wars.  Our national security is not at stake!
Thank you for that!!! Now please end the funds to Saudi Arabia and maybe we can stop all U.S. sponsored terrorism.
It's called the FAKE NEWS LIES!
Penis
These PIN-head comments & war against MSM are getting old. #UNFIT4POTUS
Lock you up
Nope, they didn't fabricate anything. Only you lie and fabricate information.
That's because you have brains sir. Can't speak for idiots. Thanks for getting our respect back as a nation.
No they didnt. You lied to the American ppl. Everything you do is a lie and a con.  WaPo is reporting accurately.
If you believe that, then I have a bridge in NYC I would be glad to sell you.  You are so easy to laugh at.
Another Russian connection
Seriously??
,Trump, you committed treason, You laundered and embezzled money with Putin's help...
Stop fkn complaining 24/7 do your job or get another life.
Bezos has a LOT more money than you.  He wins, you lose. 

Also RUSSIA
They are the literally the worst!
republicans rush to pas law to protect swamp fro getting fired, why  don't they pass law to penalize fake media?
LOL! You don't even know what the secret mission was! #LOLTrump
Its widely known that the Washington Post is not owned by Amazon
Putin. Right? Putin asked you to. He said only American Genius would make such a move. Dah...genius. You know anybody like that Trumpy?
YOU are this country's problem. Please pack up your family and leave the White House. You're wrecking this country.
yOU SPEND THREE MILLION DOLLARS PERWEEK TO GO TO FLORIDA
Not in the U.S's money, we already have enough debt as it is
that was the Israel agenda for five years
Now Jeff Bezos is a real businessman, not having to go bankrupt to save his ass! You could only hope to be that successful
That is why the American people call the Washington post Fake !!!
.@washingtonpost #TraitorTrump just #leaked on himself LOL SAD #Whitehouseleaks #Scaramucci #ScaramucciLeaks
The Amazon #FakeNews Of @WashingtonPost fabricated the facts why? #MAGA @realDonaldTrump It's Been They Ultimate Goal From Day One On @POTUS
Why don't you face the public and face the press like a true leader does?
WOW.... Your stupidity really does know no bounds does it!
The Washington post has turn into trash
No, the facts are correct. U have cut the budget on helping the citizens of Syria, and other nations that are starving from no food & water.
Think...speak....text...tweet...dah dah dah I'm Trump!
This is ghost written by Scaramussi proper sentence structure a dead give away. May have just sent himself to prison

15, 16 year old girls given new passports with work visas saying they are 18 or 19. https://twitter.com/truefactsstated/status/890532877322080256 …

.@TulsiGabbard was on Fox News tonight to show her support for Trump ending the CIA program which armed Al-Qaeda terrorists in #Syria. 
@TulsiGabbard is HONEST and a woman of conscience! 
You have great taste @Bluebugaboo2
I like her last movie Wonder Woman 
, Tank you Mr.President,  God protect you.
In other words The CIA publication fabricated the facts
Like always!
Indeed @washingtonpost has turned into an utter #DeepState #propaganda mouthpiece under  the ownership of @JeffBezos 
#TrashWaPo
So is it fabricated or are they facts can't be both
Why is it necessary to let the news media and the gen. public know everything that is going on? Guessing will have them flipping out.
You misspelled "amazing. It happens.
because they r fake news
Could you stop tweeting and actually be a fucking president. 
Talk about FABRICATING THE FACTS! 5-years of lying abt Obama's birth place .. & it just keeps coming.  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jul/26/donald-trump/amazon-no-tax-monopoly-donald-trump-said/ … #Trump
No transgenders in the military? What's that you sleep next to every night?
and I dorry dir but you have me and the sane people very angry!
So you are going to try to mess with Amazon because Jeff Bezos isn't acting like a puppet for you or treating you like a demigod. Pathetic
murkosky and Collins are the to blackmail Trump our votes for sale highest bidder. Trump doesn't do bus. Like that you lose
keep on DT...some one will get
Ignore them. Let Scaramuchi fight some if these battles surreptitiously. You have better things to think about.
Syrian rebels or isis
Aw, you're just pissed cause Bezos is worth more $$ than you.
Mike Vickers and the Bush's went to Afghanistan for the poppies not the people. The CIA are and always have been drug runners. Period
Nope they told the truth, and it chaps your behind!
He loves Putin and Putin is going to treat him just like he is treating  Sessions.
Good call on ending the payments to the Terrorists but maybe you should also #defundCIA
You are the master at fabrication.... So you must be right.
I'm sure Putin will be thrilled to hear this.
In case no one has told you today #nobodylikesyou
LEAK info much? Mooch should start w/ you to stop it. "Fake News"? Facts show you generate more lies than media does :(
Because you said so?  Yes sir mon capitain
WELL!!!!!
Sir, so issue a press statement to provide the public the facts on your decision with the reasons.
Since you insist on letting us know who owns WAPO , we will call you Putin's Donald Trump. There, isn't that more accurate?
2/2 Today the pantomime tells us he is now favouring not fighting President Assad? What has changed Trump? More misdirection?
A couple of months ago Israeli rent boy Trump was firing missiles on the honourable victorious President al Assad of Syria. 1/2
The Amazing Washington Post got the facts right; its your policies that are dangerous and wrong
You sunk the Trump
Did you just leak a program ... Verifying it's existence.  Wow!!!
You're so careless w/ sensitive information for someone who berates @HillaryClinton on handling classified emails.
SUCCEED NOW!!
you sure you were'nt born a female because you act very feminine with your hand and body gestures, are you transgendered???
So how about you give a conference and tell us what happened? No? Saying everything is fake news while leaving the American people blind.
Um excuse me but you are confirming top secret Covert operation, LEAKER in CHEIF
A lie is truth to them sadly. Devils children.
Try and do your job or resign
I'd chill on the WaPo insults, if I were you. Woodward and Bernstein are still alive and kicking, the last I heard!
Way to leak more confidential info. Fire all leakers. Especially YOU. #pence4Prez #MAGA #leaks
of course my dear
Sue them all for slander... take away their FCC license to broadcast....prosecute for threatening the life of our @POTUS I am so over it all
Hurt them anyway you can. The post is a propaganda pushing RAG that uses NAZI tactics to influence the American people !
No they didnt
If you truly stopped those rebel funds and decades long ongoing CIA wars and regime change policies, you'd deserve a Nobel peace prize.
You're absolutely useless. If you were good looking, we could at least say "Well he's stupid but he's good looking." All we have is stupid.
Just like all the other "fake news" stories that turned out to be true. Your a disgrace to the country I served and protected for 20 years.
Idiots
RUSSIA!!  GOING DOWN!!!!
End all of it!
Stop all hand outs to every country and help Americans make House and Congress Helth care the same as all Americans!!!
I don't have a problem with the Amazon thing...
I love seeing you create the mess that you are. I'm proud to say I'm glad I voted for Hillary Clinton. Keep doing you. Your voters mad.
I think you meant " the amazing Washington post " you need to properly spell mister president lots of people look up to you #GrammarPolice
i am still funding "massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to the syrian rebels"
No mention of emmit till
you are a fool!
