The stock market is up but that's all 
Good job!
I bet that makes democrat run california residences totally baffled

Not that you actually look at any of this, but just tried to sign up for health insurance through the marketplace.... did not enroll..... cannot see having a deductible of $13,000 for me and my husband when income is $18,000/year...... cheaper to stay uninsured!
Yes Obama did a great job of getting everything back in order.  Unfortunately he had to hand it over to the GOP to fu@k it up again.  History has and does repeat itself.
One team, one people, one american family #PR51st #Statehood #PR #USA
We need a Donald Trump as PM in Australian
and morale is in the sewer
Because of Obama.
Thank yo President Obama..
Where is that happening you lier
And you still suck!
Sad,pathetic,ignorant democrats and liberals all over the potus twitter lol #youlostgetoverit
MAGA.....keep pushing brother....Mr. President...God Bless You.. When a mans ways please the Lord even his enimies will be at peace with him
....and your cabinet has committed treason...well played
Thank you for your hard work and dedication to the people. I pray for you and your family's safety. We need your leadership! Stay safe.
Thank you President OBAMA!!
who came back
Can I borrow $1000? Isn't that chump change to you? "Borrow" means WILL BE "paid back"
lol
Thanks to Obama.
Yes. Obama momentum.
#thanksobama?
What companies?
Under Obama budget 9/17.  YOUR company coming back?
I can see why you feel you need to keep telling people you're smart....
Credit goes to Janet Yellen
And Americans who speak to people in other countries are anxious to explain how u don’t reflect most americans. #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
It would be up by more than 30% if Hillary were president.  You are riding Obama's coat tails.
Again more alternative truths..... Lier!!!!
Why are all of your products made in China? When will you give those jobs to AMERICA?
In fact, it has got much worse since you took office. Where are these jobs?
Really? You should visit northwest Pennsylvania.  There are no jobs here.
You may be a business tycoon but you are no leader of the free world
SO GREAT
During Obama`s run as president the stock marked went up more than 240% 
Think you can do that?
How about you give @BarackObama some praise?
Yeah, thanks to Obama.
Unemployment not low. You said during election those numbers are always fake!! How quickly you forget....
Ok
And you had nothing to do with it...lol!!!
Hi
Obama left you in great shape!! Yes Barack!!!
Thanks Barak!!

Thanks to Obama's polices. You are so jealous of him, and you make it obvious every day!
All of which was Obama's budget....
Thank you Obama
Let us know how many people gave up looking.
Thanks Obama!
If that is true (out of your mouth, its questionable),  is isn't  because of anything you've done.
I hear tell, Trump is trying to combine tweeting with golfing and still have tons of leisure time.

You seem to have forgotten, you know fake news baby, it goes both ways
Yeah...that's residual success from Obama progress.
And you can stay there. Talk about “Fake News”. What a hypocrite
Keep up the good fight Mr Prezzzz
false
And once thousands of DACA’s expire, unemployment will rise again. 
What company’s. You had nothing to do with market that was Obama’s doing   You know him he’s the man you only wish you could be

Thank you @BarackObama for your hard work and service!  The stock market has now come full circle! Great Job Mr President Obama. Intelligent
Thanks Obama great job...no thanks to u sir!
Yes, it's a continuance of Obama's policies.  You haven't enacted any policy to effect the stock market.
Still Obamas budget
Great job Mr. President!!!
Love it Liberals can go jump to North Korea!!
Coming from the one that had a lot to do with the start of oversea companies doing our work..
No one likes you
And all without help :)
That's right, pat yourself on the back again...good boy.
Oh, wait. You forgot to mention that you have also earned top billing as the most vile and divisive president of all time.
Thank you President Obama..his fiscal year not yours...yours starts now, we will be watching
Love how you continue to take credit for all of that! You don't think @BarackObama had anything to do with that?
While our freedom of speech/press is threatened along w freedom of religion. Socialism is what we never wanted!
who?
REALLY??? WHERE'S MY F'EN JOB????
@RealDinald thanks @BarackObama !!
Umm..your not the reason but go ahead with your lying self

Thank you and that’s what matters!

Lmao it’s hilarious how you are so riddled with NDP you think that the stock market improved just cause you were elected.
and you had the first month of job losses with 33,000 in 72 months.  Way to go asshat
You think you fixed unemployment since January? Please go study macroeconomics.
Which original policy decision did you enact which gave you the results you're bragging about? And golfing doesn't count! 
Go POTUS!!!
Thanks sooo much President trump Your doing a,job of 5people. Mark ohio
Thank you President Obama!!!! 
HAHAHA,OMG! HAHAHA U LOST POPULAR VOTE! HAHAHA U LOST POPULAR VOTE!
EVEN WITH RUSSIAN HELP!
NOW TRU PATRIOTS R GOING 2 ENSURE U R IMPEACHED.
Thanks, @BarackObama!
Obama was blamed for how bad economy was when he took it over from Bush, but 45 gets credit for what he took over from Obama?  Nope!
Yes - Thank you, Obama for setting us in the right direction!!!!  Give current POTUS 6 months to a year before it all starts to crumble.
Thank you OBAMA!
Too bad you had nothing to do with it! Sir
"We serve not to score points or take credit, but to make people's lives better." - @BarackObama
And u still look like the back of my balls.
Thanks Obama!
Exactly which of your non-existent legislative efforts do you credit for this? Oh, wait that's right - it was #Obama, not you...
You stay the course real Americans are with you
The stock market is still running on Obama policies.  

Job growth is slowing.  Companies aren’t coming back.
too bad YOUR ultra wealthy tax evader friends aren't reinvesting their new found wealth. Their off shore untaxed banking get it all!
Liar!
It's all due to your leadership, Sir.  America thanks you. 
Just remember, DOW doesn't represent the whole stock market, and unemployment doesn't include anyone making >$20 or not actively job seeking
But this has nothing to do with you
Thank you President Obama
What a joke! That Donald sho iz funny!
Also do you not understand that all those gains stem from Obama's policies. Just being elected doesn't mean you did it you dink.
Name just one of those returning companies. I dare you.
Election day was Nov 4 derrrrp
Nobody is talking about it.. ?

Only because YOU are a GREAT leader!!! Thank you!
Thanks Obama! #notyourfiscalyear #doyourresearch
All started by a great president Obama
this is false news.
Thank you BHO.
Are YOUR companies coming back to America? Oh, right. They all #bankrupt #lol #failure
Not because of you
Fake news
It started before you got in.
Black Tuesday is right around the corner loser by 2.85M
It was on its way up long before you came along Mr Pretender your taking credit for #44 accomplishments DA
And,  still, congress is in hiding
When are your companies corning back, and the stock market does not help the middle class; only stock holders.
You go Mr. President. So glad I voted for you !
Still trailing Barack's market growth rate relative to term length in months. But he had a better economy than I inherited....right?
Again you are welcome
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/sep/30/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-unemployment-rate-may-be-42-perc/ …

So, Obama reduced the unemployment rate by 37+ percentage points.  Interesting.
hey fucktard, your ego will never allow you to admit that this groundwork was laid years before you decided to make the Presidency a tv show
Up in spite of your inadequate presidency, LOL you are a joke!
You imply that you had something to do with it.  That implication is FAKE NEWS.
TKU @BarackObama  @realDonaldTrump Did you know that we are still under OBAMA BUDGET PLAN? You have not turn in your proposal  yet!!
Thanks Obama!!!!
My friends think obama is great but he has done nothing for us. He just saved up money and went on expensive vacations
Thank you President Obama!!
Are you on flakka?
Thank you Mr. President!
Then why does a multi-million dollar company, the biggest telecommunications company still act broke and is still getting rid of people?
Don’t forget Airline employees. Most maintenance done over seas
It's Obama's fault
You're right. Thanks Obama!
#lie
Which companies? I want to apply there.
Except your company and your daughter’s. “make America great again” hats made in China. You are a fraud and a liar. Please quit!!!
Thanks President Obama
But not MY companies. We still get better tax breaks in Russia
#ThanksObama
Wow. You're delusional.
Most middle class people don’t have enough income to invest in stock market. Maybe your tax cuts should address this.
Thanks Obama.  You have actually done nothing 0 legislation
What companies came back?  Please list them instead of just making stupid statements.
You think you did it!  Delusional!
The upswing on both started under Obama, you selfish clod. You take credit for what's good and pass the Buck on the bad. Compulsive liar.
I heard some things yesterday that the most recent growth was due to the predecessor?
I have never understood why people believe the stock market is a true representation of the upper middle class and the poor #stopTrumping
Thanks Obama!!!!
Trump had nothing to to do with this! In fact, his deal with carrier was a bust and a lie! Those jobs are gone, Trump paid them millions too
And your budget is about to kick in & ruin us. Stop taking credit for a budget that wasn't yours. THANK YOU,  @BarackObama.
Get er done!
LOL - touting other people's successes as your own.

A year ago you claimed that the unemployment figures given were BS. Now...
Both of those statements are missleading
Thanks to our previous Obama administration.  #impeach
Actually, too many are still leaving. When are you going to do something about that?
and our nation mourns the lack of moral value you have displayed, over and over. THE WORLD had lost respect for USA thanks to 45
Fake news...
