Trumpcare is diabolical! This is not why I voted for you- you have failed us
Wait...he said he was gonna do this though
No he did not
Gal, what did you think "repeal Obamacare" meant? What did you think would happen when the gop is given complete control when they have
Obamacare is a joke, I want a bill that will allow healthcare for all not just access
The GOPs plan was literally to provide access to affordable health care. Paul Ryan went on television and said that
Obamacare never worked, this new plan must not only provide access but be user friendly- no one should have to ignore health bc of no money!
Take away their healthcare to even everything out. It's not fare to American tax payers
It's hard to imagine ppl being as wicked as they've proven to be cuz we're not wired for evil like them but make no mistake, they'd do it.
Nabisco Portland oregon wants to take away our great medical plan to make more money than they already do May 20 th is deadline for lock out RISE!!!
Mr.President you have given us the tax break but GASOLINE prices are ridiculous they have gone up for no reason except for the reason we have more money check out gasoline companies profits.RISE!!!
Be a hero enact one payer system like Medicare but charge premium according to age.
Offer a medical program that is like what all federal employees get. Many choices and premiums available
President Donald J. Trump (regarding good paying jobs) I want you to know nabisco the maker of oreos is planning to lock out production workers at the Portland oregon plant which you had mentioned before keep American jobs in America not Mexico they can lock us out because Mexico
#Love45!
Those republicans are a bunch of clowns in costumes.paradindg around like careing and conerned
God , you are such liar! Tell them the truth about Obama Care and what you have done to destroy it !
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare a...
No entendí gracias Dios te bendiga un abrazo
Why would these Senators agree to a bill that harms millions of Americans while offering HUGE tax break to the wealthy? 
That’s just evil.
Don't let Tiny hands infringe on big hearts.  #Russia 's #trump #trumprussia
 Gov collected almost 3 BILLION DOLLARS in FINESin 1 yr, cause no coverage was all they could get. So WHO REALLY gained by Obama care?
You promised that everyone would have great coverage and Medicaid wouldn't be cut...but then, no one ever accused you of being honest.
President Trump please Stop & think about people with Pre Existing conditions
You can't suffer if you're dead.
At least we have insurance, with your plan we will lose ours and truly be suffering.
No they want America to suffer under Trumpcare which is as bad as it gets. You keep on winning attaching your name to shit
That's because their mostly all CROOKED lining their pockets while the American people suffer. TERM LIMITS NEEDED BADLY.
A broken Obamacare? I had that once--Medicaid expansion cleared it right up. cc .@ASlavitt #BCRA
They are being bought with hush money. They don't care what happens to Americans. They are worried drug companies will lose billions. 
If they don't the people just might replace them.
Quit whining and do something worthwhile
YOUR WORDS:
NO CUTS TO MEDICAID!
NO CUTS TO MEDICARE! 
NO CUTS TO S.S! 
LIAR!LIAR!LIAR-IN-CHIEF! 
WORST EXCUSE FOR A POTUS EVER!
TRAITOR!!!
TO BE HONEST @realDonaldTrump with ya . If 3 of 5 don't come back "home" 18 won't look good for us. It's what's on "floor" now or that hurts
So get the Senate to #FullRepeal of Obamacare as promised.  #ACHA still subsidizes health insurance companies!  Regulate BigPharma & Ins Cos
This bill cuts Medicaid by $800 billion - something you promised not to do during campaign. Children, disabled, vets & seniors will suffer.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 26 Days, 20 Hours, 9 Minutes, and 4 Seconds
Dude slow it down on the twitter on Saturday!! This is supposed to be my day off!! 
#ruinedvacation #trump #lament #youknowwhatthisfeelslike #trumptweet
Crazy!!! Please help!! Fight hard!! It needs to be fixed!!!
I am not going to knock Obama, he made it known for everyone to get medical insurance.  From what I have read, that is going to be cuts.
your healthcare plan is not passing because it's terrible. Republicans are traitors.
Why don't you just admit it that you don't like it being called Obamacare?  it was called ACA, you would be fine with it.
Is it "fake news" or should I be concerned? I trust you very much as our President.
so called 'fine ' Republicans, along with you have tried to kill Obamacare. Obamacare is the law of the land and spirt of healthcare for all
Surprisingly, They appear to be the members of @GOP with part of a brain!
Nobody could imagine that you'd allow a "mean" policy that's confirmed to put the lives of 24 million US citizens at risk, but here we are.
What is you plan HEAD CHEF REPUBLICAN
MY INS NOW WON'T PAY FOR MY ECHOCARDIOGRAM THAT MY DR ORDERED!
Why is it you hate Obama so much that you want to undo anything he did good or not ? Are you that racist or are you just that jealous ?
The fine senators who are ready to kick the elderly out of care homes when they cut medicaid? Or to cut aid to children with disabilities?
No, they would rather bring in a whole new era of suffering to the American people.




Trying to make a draft dodger look admirable. Cute.
your very fine republican'ts should go out among the common folk & just go on a killing spree. their/your health bill will kill us slower.
I cannot imagine the American people suffering with Trumpcare & all its tax breaks for wealthy! Make changes to existing ACA!
You are the reason OCare is tanking, speak truth. YOU CUT FUNDING TO OCARE. Admit it. Truth would be nice. #FakePresident
Listen to the 5 senators..especially Rand Paul
Your such a liar. You don't believe the Senators are fine. The healthcare plan you are proposing the vote for is deathcare. How can you?
You are crazy.
What sort of person would be in awe of Drumft? Some Trump supporters are as dumb as a block of Velveeta. This is so sad. 
you don't understand the "all or nothing" attitude today. They've never considered incremental steps to progress
Fix It! Make it better! Lower Drug costs! Lower hospital charges! Lower insurance premiums! Cover more people! Certainly you know this.
Please resign.
BAH - You are that stupid!
You don't know what the bumblebees are do you. That's those little chunks of Lead at fly bar your head and war
Too many want all 4 nothing, entitlements must STOP, No such thing as a Free Lunch, working poor has paid 4 it.
Idiot
Sir you need to go on primetime TV and sell the plan to the American people. If you can sell it to us we can make sure it passes.
SINGLE PAYER HEALTH CARE TAKES AWAY OUR LIBERTIES & VIOLATES THE CONSTITUTION! IT'S TYRANY!!
It doesn't really matter the #Dems said were all going die well duh thankfully GOD has that one and all
They had 16 years!
Keep ans embrace ObamaCare please and refine it.
You are so transparently evil!

I can not imagine any Senator that would allow the American people suffer with the new proposed health care bill
Trumpcare.  Trumpcare.  Trumpcare!!
Quit sucking up to the Republican Senators to manipulate them. You've been allowed to manipulate for so long, u think it will work on every1
I would prefer that the government get out of my healthcare but if you insist on meddling where you shouldn't be then at least do it right.
First choice government should not have any control over health care. State needs to be in control with out federal government subsidies. 
I wish they had stayed out completely. Those of us with employer sponsored health insurance really got screwed. So did small business owners
You are absolutely right. 
The Republicans have given the insurace companies a clear opening to stop serving the ACA while Republican Party looked the other way
Please repeal and do not replace. The federal government does not belong in health insurance business. #noaca
.@realDonaldTrump Nothing fine about u or Repflubs who now own Obamacare and ur solution is to sabotage it
It's amazing that they didn't rush it through MUCH quicker when they stand to make so much money on depriving Americans of basic healthcare.
Don't understand. GOP acted like they had a plan but seemed surprised when you asked for the actual plan to repeal and replace Obamacare...
...you Mr President are actually trying to fulfill your promises but need help. I hope the GOP understands that is behind you.
Z I have gzf
It sounds like you #Donald are trying to bully the Rep. Senators who don't agree with you.
ACA is not broken. You & GOP have been undermining the confidence in it with your lies & propaganda.
What the American People have is a SUCKY FAKE pres. That's you, Bigly Boy!
but the republicans at all levels broke it. And you keep kicking it in the shin. Schoolyard brats. NOT A JOKE get to work.
BTW Mr. Trump, I'm Canadian, our HC isn't perfect but nobody loses their houses because a family member gets sic and nobody dies in the str
To my wonderful POTUS Trump God bless you and keep you strong you are the best thing that happened to America. Stay strong. MAGA
Because they don't care about AMERICAN people because special interest groups are giving them big Buck's
As a registered nurse, it is clear to see how broken our health care system really is. The problem is that Obama Care! Please rectify this.
Don't worry you won't have to take care of corpses.
Repeal Obamacare...amendments to Obamacare are unacceptable to those of us who elected you!!!

THIS is your idea of MAGA? Millions of people will suffer because of your incompetence and greed! Resign! https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/26/us/politics/senate-health-care-bill-republican.html?emc=edit_na_20170626&nl=breaking-news&nlid=69340143&ref=headline …
Agree but please tell me your not cutting those on Medicaid off  .. I have 2 have it due to a horrible accident and now in poor health!
But yet they allow the people to suffer with a no good President that tweets lie after lie after lie.
This Bill is just plain Evil! The Poor, Elderly And Disabled will pay the Biggest Price with their Lives to giv u a Tax Cut why cut so much?
I can imagine these senators standing up for millions! Your crappy bill Trumpet kills millions! Hope they don't pass in senate!  
Only 22 percent recently surveyed think you will do the right thing with foreign affairs. Hey, Donald. No one likes you.

You really don't care
Remember that O'Care was Obama's doing, NOT your doing! Something that MSM refuses to acknowledge! We're expected to fix Obama's Debacle!
Mr.Donald J. Trump the best Presiden US and the very good programming
fine republikkkans wrote ACA & you expect something better? Where's your "bigly" plan? Wasn't that part of your campaign?
that's why they want DEADCARE instead.
No they would just charge them more for less insurance coverage. Typical republicans. Make the poor pay more
threatening them in any way, please, do the right thing.  Don't vote yes only because of dividing the Rep. party
LIKE YOU REALLY CARE YOU ARE USING US IN THE WORST WAY SPENDING OUR MONEY FOR YOUR VACATION.  LIAR
I cannot believe our president has so much time on his hands to tweet all the time!
Why not? These same asshats are allowing the American people to continue to suffer the likes of you!
Were voting them out. They need to be aware that they will have to pack and get the hell outta dodge.
It stinks, just like you
They're not - support them. Encourage them. Be nice. 
Universal healthcare is working well in Canada
Do not pass H bill it's rushed you can do better
You are causing the break. Don't be do chicken to keep the good and better the plan. Then it can be Trumpcare. Easy peasy
No cuts to Medicaid--YOUR campaign promise!!! I see that YOU LIED--again.  What's new. Can't trust a word out of your mouth!!! #SAD
I have faith in you Congress shouldn't get a month off REALLY They shld work like you do
These senators need to tread lightly. Re-election comes eventually. I still say let obamacare self destruct and the Dems take the blame
Ok
Nobody wanted GovHealthcare in 1st place. Get em out please. Repeal, NO Replace. Cross state lines. Let market work or go single payer.
You don't have to imagine it, it's a fact.
TrumpCare would be even worse. Pushing millions of people off Medicaid is wrong. Trump try to keep at least one of your promises for the ppl
Premiums are still to high & penalties ridiculous either way it's a bad Healthcare Bill.
I loose my Medicaid and u Gut Social Security and Medicare, Trump u r basically putting the Nails in my Coffin. To add another Happy Note
It's not broken, Asshat.  Leave shit alone.  All you want is to make you and your cronies richer at the expense of the poor.  Go away now .
I cannot imagine how Senators could possibly agree to the current bill before them. The pressure u r putting on them is unconscionable
We The People are suffering because of Donny.
And you would be wrong.  Again.
Please act presidential
Then why not start by fixing it instead of repealing/replacing?! Plz resign Sir.
7 years now to be ready for R&R as promised!  Hope they won't let us down yet again!  We have given them all the tools! No more excuses!
Replace their coverage with obamacare too
Now UR so called fine Republicans senators and you R making it worse!  Obamas somewhere laughing!
You are purposely breaking it.If you had any decency you'd work towards improving the ACA, rather than focusing on your reverse Robinhood BS
Fix ACA make it work for all instead of just throwing it away in favor of a tax break for you and warren buffet!! Come on #POTUSTrump
Did you hear the news? Your the official whack pack member now!
Obama is gone get over it we all know u don't like him just tearing down everything he did just make u another loser politician don't bethat
22 million without insurance. You're not human
Well, you don't fix it be breaking it. Taking 22 m. people of health insurance is immoral and a political disaster.  Sing.Payer.
Those very fine senators have 72% of their premiums paid for by the taxpayers. They're freeloading hypocrites & so are you. No more golfing!
Nice try Adolph
But they'd let 22 million more people be without health insurance, added to people already without and do away with Medicaid.
Repeal, don't replace. Get the Government out of our health care.
Trump lied saying he would give us better healthcare instead he killing it taking the money
Kk
If you had a VIABLE solution they wouldn't be "allowing" it. Get a mirror...
Just bc you think it, doesn't make it true. My wife acts like you,  probably why I'm divorcing you.
I don't care who, or why, if they don't support this bill, primary them in 2018. We can't vote 4 Dems, but we need another choice, in 2018.
I am a Disabled RN with multiple Preexisting Medical. Single Grandmother raising my 16yr old grson since Birth. We Barely survive now. He
It isn't broken for the immigrants illegal or not. It's a free ride for them as is welfare.
So by fixing it, you mean killing people that can't afford healthcare under the republican way.
Let Obamacare blow up in their face! You don't have to do anything.It's the Democrats fault! For 8 yrs they didn't do anything to replace it
Oh yeah, relieve Americans of the burden of ANY healthcare. That's the answer.
Any socialized medicine will dig us deeper into debt. Go back to the way it was. Work for your medical insurance.
Work together to fix ObamaCare, Trump care is only a tax break for the rich, they don't need anymore.
Which "very fine Republican Senators"? Certainly not those working on the GOP healthcare bill that give to the rich and takes from the ill.
Your healthcare plan is what's broken!  If you want to give your buddies a tax break, so be it, but don't call it a health care plan!
Or u could catch clue and realize America wants Obamacare but does needing much improvement
President Trump rub elbows with Dean Heller
Get anchor babies stopped n illegals out of our health care system first. Then we'll take veterans healthcare before we the people.
