Hey I'd like to see Donald improve the economy but you'll see I'm right this guy is not going do the stuff he said he would
I got an idea idea idea why don't you bring some of your companies that you in other countries back to the USA USA USA
If I say "jobs" multiple times, it's as easy as that to create employment.  Herpaderp I'm da president.
How much is the witch hunt costing Taxpayers?  Who is getting wealthy from the Taxpayers schlonging? 
America First
MAGA
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA ...
Please keep lyin ryan out of this....check out Paul Nehlen in 2018 to replace ryan....his credentials loook real good to the people!!!
@chacha24804595 just realized Trump does the thing I do where I say a word more than once & I finally understand how horrible it is 
Phew! Now you are welcome to come visit. I'll even take you to a Maine for a lobster roll now that you have overcome this horrible habit
Yesss soon I just realized it's the 10 year anniversary of us getting blackout at Faneuil Hall & me passing out in Nance's bed
Idk if Hallmark sells a card that says: "Sorry I got blackout & passed out in your bed while you were in it."
Well they should. My al anon group is scheming up greeting cards for Mother's & Father's Day etc that don't make you queasy to send
I love how this is still in reply to TrumpTrump. Let's keep it going until he blocks us (#goals)
LIES. LIES LIES!! No WONDER YOU CANT SLEEP!!!
Because he wouldn't know the truth if it bit him
THIS MIGHT WORK!!
Yeah it will
That or I call my angel!!!! 
Will you be discussing Mrs. Jobs Jobs Jobs?
That was the diff between Jobs and Gates. One likes inwards the other outwards.
Maybe you should stay in DC and do your JOB JOB JOB. What did you know? When did you know it? #TrumpRussia
He is doing his job and Damn Well!
So "well" the super majority disapproves of him.
Maybe so but that doesn't mean he isn't doing a great job!



Awesome!!!  MAGA!!!
I hope Jeff sessions is working on inditing Clinton crime syndicate. Seth Rich murder crooked Foundation selling classified information.
Fire Sessions!  @jeffsessions
Why when you call with a job offer people immediately off themselves?
We don't want you here
Kate, we don't need you here! We NEED the president. Even if it's Donald Trump! He's a fast learner so it probably gets worse for demoncrats
He's a fast learner, but you must remember he's still learning the alphabet. It will be some time before he gets to reading the constitution

I think Steve Jobs would be upset that you keep using his name in vain
Get sleep. Get your check up. Take care of your body.  God speed to your health. 
Indiana, needs jobs, seems like ppl r being laid off more.
I seriously believe that your childishness, low self-confidence and high corporatism is blocking important signals to your brain
WHAT about ALL the jobs lost? You just ignore those.
Enjoy the ride, it's official you won't be riding in the Air Force too long. Obstruction of justice

Liar
So how is that whole jobs thing going so far? http://www.foxbusiness.com/features/2017/06/14/u-s-retail-sales-fell-0-3-in-may.html …
More Trumpertunities! 
Retail sales down 0.3% despite expected 0.1% growth. #MAGA
No confidence..no confidence..no confidence
Lies, lies lies! FAKE PRESIDENT
Liar

when your done there come on over to Upstate NY we need some JOBS JOB JOBS too. #MAGA
You turn away Syrians as if they aren't human beings! Have you ever known what it's like to need help...REAL help to stay alive?
What how your wealthy friends can get people to work for $9 an hour?
Bullshit, Bullshit, Bullshit, Bullshit....
.   Talk is CHEAP,  so far you have not done anything but playing golf. Shut up and disappear.
With Scott Walker? That creep will just waste your time.
#donaldtrumprich
...
Did you lie to them like the carrier folks & coal miners
Why didn't you say anything about pride month? You needed to discuss PRIDE, PRIDE, PRIDE!
Great but can you be specific to what jobs?? Your base probably needs no details but most of America does.
well i suppose 1 job for each is enough rather tha three, as 3 leads to fatigue & bewiderment. THAT said its a right step
You want to do something for the American worker, raise the minimum wage.
Fire Sessions and Bannon before we go after you
Ok so let's settle it , court of law , judge, jury , bring your financial records , you know  , receipts, turnpike stubs , tax returns
FAKE NEWS
Stop talking jobs and make jobs. You're all talk.
#MAGGOT #MAGAMyAss Loser
There to discuss why they're leaving or why they already left? They left faster than your campaign promises Liar-In-Chief #FuckMAGA #Impeach
Keep draining that swamp Mr President, Hell Yeah!!!
Thank u for what you have done and are doing. We pray for and your family every night. We are behind u 100% Mr President. I salute u sir!!!
JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS 
Thank you Pres Trump for giving a SH*T
Stop discussing and start creating. And stop taking credit from others efforts on this.
Stop posting pictures of your golf cart. As saying things three times is order of the day. TAX RETURNS TAX RETURNS TAX RETURNS

Thank You President Trump.
Want a get jobs in every city? Get alcohol companies 2 fund n develop distiliries in every city n make ethanol 4 vehicle use from food waste
To line your pockets? Because you don't give any fu**s about Americans!
Happy Birthday Big Dog!.
Don't worry,when they find out you don't have any jobs ur job will be over&you  can get back to trying to grab pussy or get a happy ending.
Where Where Where pray tell!....in a coal mine???!!!
Lie. To discuss how you won the election...again.
Renewable energy creates 4.3× as many jobs as coal and oil! Green energy is also cheap, and gas the capability to make more profit than coal
What about the 300 manufacturing @generalelectric jobs leaving for Canada less than 10 miles from your speech yesterday? #Waukesha
I have been your supporter since you first and announced! You are doing a fantastic job. God is with you. I'm sure you know that now!
Latina4TRUMP!!!..Exactly, focus Mr. TRUMP!!..Jobs, Jobs!!. We LOVE you and pray 4 U, 4 Pence & your families. God Bless you Mr. TRUMP!!
What your going to pull ithe jobs out of your ass?
Education, healthcare, tech JOBS, JOBS, JOBS. Our students need equitable access to education. Get it right.
Lies, lies, lies. The State of Michigan are still waiting on what you promised. You lied just to get votes. But I dd not vote for you.
I l
Jobs for all.. No for American only, other countries has human so.
Did you use good confefe or covfefe?
You have brought lots jobs to D.C. already.  Criminal lawyers were thrilled to have you move in. Or R U just visiting from FL and NJ golfing
Should have stopped in Minnesota. We've crushed Wisconsin when it comes to job growth.
More talk, no action. Will you get around to job creation any time soon? Obama was much better at job creation. So sad.
Keep up the great work President Trump.  Small business is the backbone of this country & has been crushed for years by regulations & taxes
@lovusa4 @realDonaldTrump   Happy Birthday Mr President. CT supports you 100%
And, how does that help the rest of the country?
And GE's departure? Did you talk about that?
Lol ya just like in Ohio?
The only thing you're capable of discussing is LIES, LIES, LIES!
Lies:
Man, you take those stairs like the old man you are. Also, learn how to tie your tie! SAD!
You discuss jobs jobs jobs but o do remember your ties are from CHINA!! Why???????
Stop boasting just do
Impeachment, impeachment, impeachment.
WASTE OF MONEY THAT COULD BE USED TO HELP HOMELESS AMERICANS 20 TRILLION IN DEBT
You're all about #JOBS, but so far it's been more like doing a "JOB" on the country #trumpslegacywillbe #ShadyTrump
A Commander In Chief that put country over ego would move heaven and earth to get to the bottom of the very extensive Russian infiltration.
SO then why did you spend all your time dissing Obamacare?
#StopyulinNowyoufucks! @ConstituentsUSA @POTUS @RoguePOTUSStaff @SpeakerRyan #Youpiecesof shitsscum could've stopped this!! #StopyulinNOW
Go get 'em!
You shouldn't have even bothered! Wisconsin is a horrible place to live! Horribly self-centered Republicans! 
Disqusting!
Will you discuss the fact that you are under investigation? Were you planning to MAGA by getting impeached?
Lies lies lies!
Were you planning on creating one sometime soon? A job I mean.
congratulation.Donald J Trump!
Don't  mind  !
We need you in Illinois to discuss JOBS JOBS JOBS please end liberal corruption here before its too late. Southern Illinois is dying!
That's my president
300 GE jobs gone... good job?!
Obstruction of justice.. Obstruction of justice.. Obstruction of justice
All you do is discuss. You just like to hear yourself talk. TALK, TALK, TALK! LIE, LIE, LIE. 
When your focusing on jobs and health care and other important agendas
words words words
you opening another coal mine for 70 workers lol
Discuss, hold meetings, golf. Everything else? Failures. Unconstitutional rulings in court. No $ in budget. Can't pass In Congress. LOSER!
Where r u sending the jobs jobs jobs? Mexico or India? Coal cancer jobs or Clean AltEnrG? #MAGGOT #ImpeachDT2018 Hope ur not lying THIS TIME
Another slickly produced ad. Any details?
They how come you only produced 1.1 million jobs in the past 7 months and in the 7 months before that 1.8 million were created?
Renewable energy is employing so many in US right now. How about signing the Paris accord to protect those jobs?
Liar liar liar
What about these 400 jobs leaving to Canada ?

Happy Birthday, you son of a bitch Donald TRUMP 
And leave five minutes later?  Laughable!
The American people should ask for a refund from you and the house because the job you guys have done helps no but your own pockets#overpaid
Yep...jobs i. MKE factories have moved to Canada....bc of thier government supports economic growth AND the environment
Trip on the steps
Blessing to you and your family. President. 
Big. Happy birthday to you.
Can i be the new FBI boss, I now you don't have one
Is this like in the movies when you say something 3 times in the mirror, the boogey man appears? You have no job policy.

People are freaking still. Having a real president whoa what a concept!
Discuss how you're going to lose some more and pay those companies millions like you did with Carrier?
they have coal miners in Wisconsin??  lol
The coal mining jobs? You've created nothing else.
You need to talk to small business owners, $2mm or less gross. Not IRS definition. This is the majority of SB owners. I'm one and a CPA.
Go go Mr. President your time to make a difference.
good
Been waiting on that empty promise from the GOP for years now.
Jobs what Americans need
What kind of jobs? Sucking up to you? Giving you fake undeserved praise?
#jailjailjail#
Make America great again by resigning before you're impeached. You're an embarrassment to our country.
Also demand an end to the fake news "Russia" probes that have turned these maniac liberals to assassinations now! Fire the special council!
Even though my plans for the country mean total RUIN and ripping away healthcare for millions, and loss of JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
@highgroundinfo1 TRUMP IS THE GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER! WE ARE SO BLESSED! WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP AND FAMILY !
Yossi is a troll bot
I would love to get Ride on Air Force One  let me know... thank you
And discussion is all that will happen out of it.  So sad!  Lots of hot air and no results.
Well wooptie do!  How are you going to fund the jobs?  Take more away from 98% of the people?

How everything you do kills jobs?
You talk a lot but never seem to actually do something!
Yeah! You won't be bragging for much longer! Let's see how presidential you'll be in the Big House! #trumpforprison #orangeistheneworane

"discuss" is right. I hope Obama's legacy will help once again
You are not alone !  I  am  say  ,  Let  it  be  !
Let It Be !  GOD  Be  in  Space  !
INFRASTRUCTURE! Our water systems, bridges, roads, rails are outdated, poorly maintained, many very compromised. Focus on jobs not morals.
As more leave, leave and leave.
Ivanka Trump for president! 2014! The first woman President should be Ivanka! After watching prophecy. U will be an Icon for restoring glory
More bullshit more bullshit
Good jobs or jobs that have a detrimental effect on workers health
That's talk. Where's the action?
