Trump please don't tweet God has given u another chance please tread carefully please make America great again
let us keep our seperation of church and state please
Not getting paid
Trump's word means very little now...His biggest lie was that he wasn't going to touch S.S., Medicaid or Medicare
more than half of what Trump says is false
they need touching. save my tax money from illegals & require proper ID
All this signing, Trump. But we all know, the only thing you are really doing is destroying our nation because you are a narcissist. Me me
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative  Watchhttps://instagram.com/p/BVBMBUlgO74/ ...
I'm being systematically pushed out of my home &neighborhood of 25+ year,& my city leaders are helping immagrants 2melineme
More scrutiny
Oh good.  More private institutions. It worked so well in prisons. You are not a Real President. #notmypresident
Perhaps you are !!!
Trump please show some humility and apologize for the way comey was fired and honor his work to America please
I would be very careful about this. Our current system has been successful.
translation: Trump Aircare Inc
ATC in America is outdated and dangerous. Canadian system more modern and safer. Learn facts not emotion.
yes we saw, you signed a memo which achieved nothing in the hopes that people would assume you were doing something?? JOKE!!!
I support your initiative to privatize TSA!
Поддельный президент
????
Privatization is going to backfire, just like it has with prisons.  I doubt you can understand anything except how to line your own pockets
#chemtrail
You are orange
My life the best
I'm not getting on an airplane with profit driven goons. The dead will just be stats to you
Yes NOT 1 NONE ZERO ZILCH DETAILS.  EXCEPT PLANES CAN NO LONGER FLY OVER LEGO MAR
IT SUCKS!!  YOU ARE A LIAR!
Awesome job!
Just something to make your cronies richer and make Americans less safe by #traitortrump.
Good thing we have a leader that tackles the hard issues
#ICYMI We love and miss President OBAMA!  A real class act, not trash like you!
You're fake Donald
That's a dumb idea!  Bad for National Security.
Oligarchy created 2 benefit donors, cronies & loyalists @ expense of 99% of Americans We'll overthrow your autocracy along w #Complicit GOP
You were right as always. They wont go down with out a fight. Government workers cant negotiate a deal.
When will the madness stop?  Such chaos
Is that a picture of you signing an inter-office memorandum?
Stupid plan. Privatize something so critical? Are you insane? Ah, of course you are!
This is the first in an attempt to hand over public properties to corporations.
The signing of a memo which was nothing to do with the law it was just suggestions....... just another con #potus
Who did you sell that to again????
Thank you very much , you @potus this heartbroken pictures,  hope President Trump can help Chinese ppl.  Stop dictatorship in China.
donny has stock in the companies who'd take over the FAA.. why else would he want to do this?  All about his money.
Privatize air traffic control... what can go wrong? So what if planes crash midair?
#conman
Maybe announce it somewhere other then Instagram?
You are awesome!; thank you for doing such a fabulous job for us
Go Trump Go!!!  You demonstrate an excellent work ethic for the rest of us!!!
Privatizing helps you and yr buddies not the rest of us. Dear God, we know Trump will lie under oath. Send a lightening bolt, strike him.
what exactly do you know about aviation?
EXCELLENT 
Bullshit announcement...need bill thru Congress
I'M THANKFUL THAT MY PRESIDENT IS INTERESTED IN THE CHURCH, AND CHRISTIAN FAITH. GOD BLESS YOU!
But they use science and shit to see where the planes are going and coming from... #fake. Don't need them. Let the planes land wherever
Sold to saudi Arabia
Corruption you mean!

You are the only person I know who can make nothing look like something, sign all day for nothing.
Goodbye air safety!
What this land needs.
you mean memo that's all it is
I can,t believe didn't vote for trimp
Oh yes, I'm so looking forward to boarding a plane whose controllers were chosen by the lowest possible bid. Makes total sense. *sarcasm*
I dislike this initiative. I agree air port security should become private but be monitored by TSA but ATC, not a good idea.
Great move, thanks.  The media, however, will focus on whatever they can to diminish you.
People need to start checking both @POTUS @realDonaldTrump & other accounts. ALL of my RT's were undone on both of his accounts last week
This won't benefit anyone but big business. #Pestilence #FollowTheMoney #RussiaStooge
Lets privatize government..I would.rather be a shareholder and fire some useless top management and have a positive bottom line..
How many of your buddies have ties to this forcprofit entity that willl be created?
Great...all we need is a profit motive to insure the safety of our skies. You are insane.
Privatizing is good for 1%, not America.
Omg now I have to stop flying. U put fox in hen house. How much did airlines pay u? How much $ u invested in airlines? Slimey conman.
Line your pockets initiative, you mean.
Time to look into the Russian intervention into our elections. This is a proven fact without any fuzziness more important than anything
Please Visit my Retail Store in my bio for cheap Jewelry Products !
Need to privatize a lot more Government jobs
Are you going to make the needed investments in the new technology? What will you do for rural airports? You like big announcements.
@instantjulieb i love finding more and more ways to put peoples lives in the hands of private companies, they really care about the people
The same as the infrastructure plan. Toll *anything*, every three feet, a frigging toll. Expect a need for much roof work.
This is a stupid idea.
Hey Trump!
#Lies, #DamnedLies and #TrumpLies. Blaming @POTUS44 for the sins of @GOP obstruction. And making empty promises.
Sounds very exciting for the aTc to have new Gnrt’n of technology under private governance. You are our GREAT palomino — wings of Pegasus!
People, wake up. We are not creating jobs we are changing employers here. Really?
Man, I feel like we need to figure out this Russia stuff before we start trying to figure out the air traffic controller stuff.
As insane as you are
You’re one big bird’s ass w/ATC too, leaving huge, bloody impact piles on an airplane of which you know neither the heading nor destination.
Please don't forget there are many of us GA pilots who want to keep our freedom and affordability to fly!!
What happens if a private company files for bankruptcy, like you did. Does air traffic stop in that region or country? Unbelievable.
Just more of the same campaign rhetoric.  Bigger, better, best. Blah, blah, blah. Haven't seen any of it, just silly tweets.
Another failed decades old idea.
Getting ready to search east coast Atlantic with seismic for oil you sneaky sneaky SOB! Years we fought wind farm for whales and sonar u
Privatization of public services is a death spiral to democracy
Oh you mean stealing our taxpayer funded property and selling it off cheap
to your corporate bloodsucker friends?
@POTUS Wow, one more bad idea! The security of the U.S. is priority #1. Profiteers only care about the bottom line.
You really need to get rid of the age limit - its killing the industry and limiting the talent of veterans getting jobs
Step right up! Step right up! America is for sale! Get your paddles ready to the highest bidder!
"Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative" Ah, add a layer of profit 2 needed costs? @AP_Politics @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN @Teamsters @Nbc
@POTUS get a hair cut
Oh, you mean the memo you signed like it was an executive order!?

part of what motivates Trump/his believers is trying to destroy Obama's legacy-but Trump's implosion will ultimately raise Obama's standing.
Thank you Mr President - Looking forward to clearer skies also! #MAGA #StoptheGlobalists #LoveMyPresident
!I which conpany of your will get this golden pa
No one cares
Where do you get these idiot ideas? Do you ever sleep? Obviously you stay awake to speak with the devil at night!!!
Resign
Do you remember your president nixon?
Do you remember the bills you have to pay?
Or even yesterday?
That has got to be about the dumbest thing I ever heard come out of the WH.
Donald! I would like to address the 45th president! In the Face of time we will engage in removal of Air Traffic not needed in the Skyways!
Trump Sir you are really true world leader
Down with the News with an agenda, Fake and Untrustworthy. Keep on Tweeting Mr. President. It's the only way your people know what's what.
Thank God we finally have a president who truly cares about the people of this Great Republic. God Bless America and Donald Trump.
Hey you White House 
Ha, Ha, charade you are!

#TrumpRussia #TrumpObstructed
We love you President Trump. Thank you
gotta wonder why you need 2 twitter accounts, and why you cherrypick those to retweet from your "real" one. #coward
Lol
Plz keep up the good work mr President. Thank you
IF U PPL want a better healthcare system, U need 2 call ur representative and tell them 2 vote for a plan once its ready for a vote..@POTUS
POTUS is absolutely right, no matter how good a Healthcare plan we had, the Democrats would not vote 4 it-NOT EVEN ONE OF THEM.
Is this to create a diversion from obstruction of justice?
Please ask EPA to start an investigation on air pollution by airplanes immediately.Our sky are daily polluted with toxic waste from aircraft
No. You are insane.
#TrumpWinsAgain
