lol you wild ...
#MAGA
Sit down, sir.
DUDE LEAVE CANADA ALONE!
Watch what, exactly?  More of your meaningless, empty tough talk?  Impotent president.  In every sense of the word.  Sad!
Wya
Oh great here we go let me guess Canadian border wall is next #worstpotus #Wall
starting a trade war with Canada is how you #MAGA? Pathetic.
I don't think Trudeau likes you very much
Who like Trudeau!
Oh Jesus now you're starting shit with Canada?! Grow the hell up. Your 1st 100 days sucked. Get over it!
Over dairy farming
But if you like, we can turn all that pesky power off.
You what to gonna do  Mr. President
We wont stand for these family courts
 Killing our kids muxh longer either. Fix them for us
Europe banned American milk b/c of its added growth hormones. Canadian milk has none. No more US milk or cheese for me. Not always about $
Really?  Now you've gotta piss off  Canada?
Why Sir Try to Help  Them  good for you Sir do Canadian Had (R)or independent, sir
Watch what? All you ever do is flip-flop and do nothing.
Wth are you trying to do.  Canada  is our neighbor and friend.  You are a fool! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
you're the reason why
Let me guess: "separate, but equal deals" for Mexico and Canada?
LOL Claim the "Race card" and then go and be racist. Classic.
And, what is the source for the so-called survey results displayed?
SIPP, but the SIPP is rarely ever referenced for this, because its data doesnt really correlate well for this measurement.
Invade Canadistan! Don't let the Canuck enemy get away with it!

Hey, dickhead. Wisconsin boy here. Loves his cheese and Packers. Far more worried about Russia meddling in my state than Canada. Get on that
Oh right. You won't, because it was only through Russian propaganda and voter-suppression that you "won" WI by 21k votes. You are a fraud.
Hey dude 3 months + on Russia investigation, 0 evidence.  You liberals have to convince yourselves of things there is no evidence to support
Why Not. Start blaming Canada Leaders meet with Donnie than he puts a knife in thier back. Take Responsibility Donnie
Canada has made a living off the US and they despise us. Maybe they should start learning  Russian 
Act
Any news about the North Korea situation ?
You are refusing to reveal your tax returns after promising to provide them. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Blah blah blah, tell someone who cares President Snowflake.  #sad #alternativefacts
Kick their ass if needed. Bunch of mounted weakness

Blame Canada?
Foul wind blowing again, shut your mouth you're poluting the atmosphere.
Wait, Canada is now our enemy?
Now you're attacking Canada? Why don't you go kick a puppy while you're at it.
At this point it's probably easier to list the countries you haven't actively tried to aggravate.
It motivates his base
Yeah, watch while he insults our greatest ally and friend?  WTF is wrong with him???  Canada will be building their own wall.
And make Trump pay for it 
One way or the other....
I just have a feeling we'll all be paying for it in other ways
Happy Canada Day, #cyberbully
Have you ever seen Canadian Bacon? Good movie.
DUDE! It accurately predicted the state of America in 2017! Rewatch while picturing Alda as a PORTRAYING Trump and it's gonzo.
Will we have any allies in North America by the time he reaches 100 days? He's chastising Mexico and Canada...this must stop!
We really don't give a shit about Trump, comic relief in an orange wrapper
Canada is, historically, one of our greatest Trade Partners, Don: deal with it.
Go away.
Also, Wisconsin is not a border state. But then, when has a fact mattered to Donald?
There's nothing between Wisconsin and Canada but a lake, so whatever.
Yes, but the lake on the US side belongs to Michigan.
Lake Superior isn't north of Wisconsin then?
It is. The lake border belongs to Michigan.
Michigan somehow owns the shore between Wisconsin and Lake Superior?
Make them pay, Mr President!!!  Canada is nothing but a stinkin' socialist country. Too bad they're so damn close..
EVER SINCE PRETTY BOY WITH NO BRAIN , was put in charge( probably by rigged votes)  has had a rough road! They need our . GOD CAN SAVE
Only one guy gets it and you know who he lost to...
#MAGA #MCGA
Read the full chapter on supply management of my upcoming book released today on the publisher’s website. 

“Live or die with supply management”

…
your an embarrassment to our country.

How has Canada infiltrated across the border when Wisconsin does not border them? Maybe we need a northern wall?
We’re all for a wall in Canada. Nice Americans welcome. Trump supporters mist pass intellectual disability and anger management tests and be searched for guns, then they can come visit too. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Thank you President Trump for looking out for Americans. We're hungry for an elected official to listen to us. Trust and have faith in you.
Trumpsters are in for a huge betrayals when you realize Trump doesnt care about Americans.only the top wealthy.hes making fools of
Funny. Canada was a great place for you to make your Trump hotel toiletries at a cheaper rate.  How “fair” was that to your American comrades.
oh go pull putins nipple. get the hell out of our country!
As a Canadian I agree with you Pres.Trump.Many Canadians do not like our government bailing out Bombardier all the time.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand fo...

You really are a Dotard, keep doing what your doing and we won't be selling anything to other country's, they'll buy from China.
Pls siktir boro,mother kabareh ee
Liar.
George Soros & others may have put Trudeau & Liberals in power explaining anti-American ('ergo' anti-Canadian) acts.
Build another wall...
Oh wow, here comes that second wall.
@pamellalala #Canada the days of taking advantage of #USA are over #Leadership a real #leader is in charge #ETHICS 
how about a tariff on hydro electricity from Niagara Falls power plant used in the states? say a 60% tariff?
@Koxinga8 Canada has always taken advantage of American Trade
Oh F off!
Why would you threaten 1 of the USA' s most trusted & valuable trading partners ?
 Canada supplies energy to 6 states & much needed lumber.
Trade with Canada has been benefiting both economies for decades. Sanctioning commercial business will kill jobs on both sides.Are you nuts?
I speak from practical knowledge .. I've been truckin across the border for 35 yrs .. Thousands of tons of freight cross 24/7  #JobKiller
For God's sake man ... Do some homework before you resort to such rediculous accusations ..
If you attempt to fix 1 sector of trade % for pennies on the dollar on one commodity you'll upset millions of dollars in others ...
Thousands of American Companies & workers depend on export to Canada .. it's not Mexico... Canada & the USA share similar economies & wages
Playing Tough Guy with Canada is both Harmful and dare I say "Stupid"  Before you proceed consider a sit down with @JustinTrudeau and learn
Only a fool would enforce such sanctions without first a negotiation between nations .. If your going to be President then act Presidential
We are thinking of putting up a "Privacy Hedge" so as to not offend anyone.
Why do you need to make everyone an enemy? WTF??
Do you want ants!?  Because that's how you get ants!
Meh ...if you would have said something about Poovey farm the post would have been better. Still ok tho.
Well how much is the dairy lobby paying you?
@SpeakerRyan allowed this to happen.
Wisconsin doesn't border Canada, read a map
You have to get in a fight with everyone and you've lost everyone so far. Thanks to you the cost of lumber will  significantly increase
Keep picking fights that you won't finish, let alone win.
GO TRUMP GO!
 ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
TIME TO #MAFA #MAGA #MASA 
AMERICA FIRST, GREAT and SAFE AGAIN! 
DON'T BRING CANADA IN TO THIS.
Does that mean @Canada has lowered dairy prices for American consumers? Why prefer 100s of workers over millions of consumers? @CafeHayek
America use to feed the world, lets do it again!
Ughh! What country are u threatening to destroy now?  U are going to get US killed trump!  U r dangerous and a foolish President.
Sounds like some Redneck shit
You're going after Canada? Wtf?
Has anyone told you yet that Wisconsin is NOT a border state? Most kids learn the U.S. map in the 4th grade. You're such an embarrassment.

Your President, Her President, His President, My President - @POTUS - http://www.ziplok.net  @realDonaldTrump  - please retweet this post! 
Canada says "bring it on".
Lol they're following ur example: has 2 b made in Canada or watch out. Classic Trump, CLASSIC
I'm all eyes Donnie.  I'm watching you.
Where did you hear this lie?  This is false. You're the dumbest!
How about the Canadian border state of Texas?
You're insulting Canada is below the belt. You simply pick fights to make yourself look big and accomplish nothing. You are a loser.
Friends with Putin - enemies with Poutine - Good move E-Lax #GrabYourWallet
Yeah maybe we should start a problem with Canada now #fuckingdumbass #nationalembarassment
Another lame tweet - must not be Presidential is your motto
The only thing that is making it diffilcult is you :)
We don't want ur dam milk
I supported this guy for a long time but then he threatened our country over dairy trade? Wtf? 
Another idiot who believes in protectionism. It's free markets that make for a great business environment. Go back to Wharton...and learn.
Dear #Canada & @JustinTrudeau: #WethePeople who are logical, critical thinkers apologize for our embarrassing laughingstock @Potus. Sorry :(
If you are apologizing to Justin Trudeau you are effectively advertising the fact that you are neither logical nor a critical thinker.
This is part of a larger problem where in the age of Trump, people are looking to others for leadership & picking wholly incompetent actors.
MN born and bred and this is complete BS. Worry about real issues Don. Oh and fuck the wall, waste of time and money
Don't you get it? We don't want your milk. Our milk is so much better and our farmers don't overproduce and blame you for not buying it
We have our own, why do we need yours?
No dympy trumpy that would be you.
Drop a MOAB on them!!
Read your own Dept Agri report.  The US is over producing milk and selling it to CAN as ultra filtered milk.  Stupid president #MilkTrump
Please stop getting your info from Fox. Ask the Dept of Ag about this. There is no Canada problem-- it's WI overproduction!
I voted for you but can you just fight one country at a time please lol
Noooooooo
you're a cow patty..
After his twitter tantrum he eventually wished her a happy birthday.  Smh
Should we send an armada?
So you will be putting a stop to the $25 Billion worth of annual subsidy to American farms?
You are threatening #Canada now!  Your Dad would be so disappointed.  #JustResign #YouAreNotGoodAtBeingPresident

Canada has not made any difficulty for farmers INTHE states, first of all you don't know a damn thing about milk farmers so stop pretending
Uh, Wisconsin is not a border state
U r ruining relations with our previous very friendly neighbor to the north the same way u screwed it up with our nice neighbor to the south
Cut off your biggest suppliers for natural resources and you will "WATCH" what happens you dumby.
Of all of your lies for your first 100 days... You nail  Canada? Your presidency is illegitimate Please resign now!
Honey, honey, honey.
"Blame Canada" song from "South Park" is not a how-to.
You need more naps, and maybe a cookie.
#sorrycanada
THREATS THREAT THREATS , thats all you got . YOU are UNDER criminal INVESTIGATION
Do not forget, Mr. Trump, that Canada is your dear neighbour! the best shot would be to look forward a beneficial deal for both parties!
Wisconsin doesn't border Canada!
Your inability to grasp even the most basic of facts is frightening. Perhaps you should redo grade 4 geography.
They import more softwood to us, but we export more dairy to them. What's your problem?
.@realDonaldTrump Let's see, I've insulted Australia, f'd w/ Pacific Rim, continue to suck Putin's member, what next? Oh! Canada! #MAGA
Keep doing what doing Mr President. It is too bad that the Republicans are not united behind you like the democrats are aga
Omg shut up!
Trump is the best
Jesus!
No they haven't, but being the compulsive liar you've always been, you don't care.  #deepstateWANNABE #sycophanticestablishmentwannabe
Really. Then no more of our water or oil for you.
What are you going to do drop a MOAB on Ottawa? 

@POTUS
I've vacationed many times in the US but while Frump holds power, I don't see myself visiting again. My disposable income goes elsewhere thx
Watch you fail again? Can't wait...
Pissing off another ally? Brilliant. Is there anybody left?
Hey, numbnuts, Wisconsin isn't on the Canadian border.
Now it's Canada
canada exports 110million$ of milk into Usa but imports 550millions$ from the Usa-canadians faulttoo much Wi farmers
Since u don't know history have someone clue u in on the crash of '29 and the policies that caused it. repugs held all three branches then.
Are you going to build a wall there as well? And let the Canada pay for it?
You've made Mexico our enemy, then Britan, Germany, China a few others over in Europe. Now your trying to get Canada mad at us?  Jackass!
Russia has made voting for our citizens difficult. Will not stand for this. watch.
A second wall
And - China is your business partner and China wants you to terminate NAFTA agreement.
Take the frigging chip off your shoulder...and stop being so greedy! @TheDemocrats @GOP @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateDems @SenateGOP
We'll be watching little donald. Nothing will happen. Just like every childish threat you make. Remember when Enrique ate your lunch?
No US dairy farmers over produce unhealthy milk that no one wants
You're hilarious!
As long as people keep watching, watching, watching-- you're like Chance the Gardner, if he managed to climb into the t.v.
#Falsetweet Do not bully your #1 trading partner + supplier of a lot of goods you need esp. oil + electricity #cdnpoli
stupidity to pay Ryan? WTH is wrong with you
Early morning Trump vows to destroy NAFTA deal, evening he flip-flops like his hair and reverses course! Stunning incompetence! #doofus #sad
You're  a buffoon
Let Canadians subsidize Americans as much as they want. @POTUS is wrong on this.
2/2 fare... He treats a lot if his people like total shit.
Si je vais dans votre pays est-ce que je vais être bien accueilli comme Canadien!
