She kicked ur ass by 2.8 millions votes. You squeaked by w/70k for Electoral Win. Gross hyperbole as usual
which happens to have the most illegals and he wins by a landslide in the pop vote to... go figure!
2.8 MILLION votes is kind of hard to accept - which is why he NEEDS to lie about his non-landslide.
billshit with all the election fraud, the dupe counts, the dead people voting, the liberal lies and illegals
Whatever gets you thru the night, young man. Enjoy that sensual inauguration that no one wants to attend.
bet u it gets the highest ratings of any inauguration ... old lady!
Pathetic so few r willing to associate w/him and even fewer willing to admit to it except angry white folk
that's interesting.... he's doing something right .. the establishment & open spigot is getting closedThey angry
1st Amendment is as important if not more than jobs. Stop attacking press & do your job. @ABCPolitics @CBSPolitics @CNN
Don't believe anything unless Trump says so.

Mr president Trump first lady MELANIA Trump safe journey within CAMPBELL Families Prayer's GOD BLESS AMERICA
I cannot believe The disrespect here by citizens.  Sad day when losing an election makes people so absurd and hateful.
We're waiting.... #Sad
. I have to say who cares.
What are you doing on #MLK day that's so important you cancelled your visit to the National African American Museum?
Preparing to flee the country
so insecure.
#FAKENEWS #FAKEPRESIDENT
don't back down. Realize the Democrats are used to getting their way. And they are big big cry babies
My God, time to start talking about what *you're* going to do and not what Dems may or may not have done.  Grow UP.
"This country will literally be showered with jobs. Because I am a major whiz with jobs." #SNL
Over 1/2 the jobs you claim were already staying.  You spent millions to keep a few hundred in In. We can read #truthwins
خذ من الناس ما تيسر
و اترك من الناس ما تعسّر

إنّما الناس من زجاج
إن لم ترفّق به تكسّر
What? I think he's having a stroke.
https://youtu.be/Am8ZhUqSinU 
u lost the popular vote by the most in history.  You lost HUGE.  You won via an out dated system.  #NotMyPresidentTrump

One of the people in one of these photos told one of the people in the other photo that they're all talk & no action. 
@LibyaLiberty take a look at what Lewis has done for his district now not 50 years ago.  His Dist in shambles
of course they are angry.  That's fine,  let them enjoy their ulcers.
laugh out loud, nah, we're most angry because we didn't realize there were so many idiots living across the country
Trump's trade policies will destroy 4 million jobs & prevent 3 million from being created. Not good for workers!
 @realDonaldTrump
I very seriously doubt this... the second job creation becomes an economic benefit companies will create!
he not going to take credit for the thousands of jobs lost already
DJT you lost by 3 million! We won't let U forget! You have saved 700 jobs only / Obama 9.3 mil. Come back when matched
maybe because you're pissing all over democracy. Literally, it turns out,
no that's not it it's that you're mentally insane.
get off twitter and get to work. You acting like you got affluenza smh. Dial in and get to work! #nuffSaid
who gives you your golden showers Ivanka or Melania

Reminder - you lost the popular vote by two points and almost three million votes
We will have a national voting ID, dead off registry, see if Trump wins again, no more chances for anyone to cheat.
I just think you're an amoral liar and I think you'll irreparably hurt this country
how about asking them why they're 'angry', rather than you telling them why they're angry.
Pls don't do this
Nope! All Americans are angry that a fat, stupid, fascist puppet of Russia will be installed as a fake "president." Sad!
I'm actually really happy about Trump
I hope you can deliver...
.@realDonaldTrump SNL Rains on Trump's Parade (no pun intended).
President-elect Donald Trump only wants to talk about what is really important in this country. #SNL 
- please provide link
just curious. Why aren't you talking about the Republicans who paid for the intel report?
Meetin' with Putin? You're acting like someone trying to get caught cheating because he's afraid to have a breakup talk. @realDonaldTrump
#demforce #theresistance
#TheResistance #DemForce #unPOTUS
#TheResistance #DemForce #unPOTUS
#TheResistance #DemForce #unPOTUS
Well open your eyes cause he is
everyone will vote #4Uin2020 if you wear a top hat & monocle to inauguration ceremony.
lol and don't forget to give a great speech 
americas already rebuilt. it couldve been more so were it not for GOP obstruction
lol how is that ? From solyndra ?  #Obamalegacyoffailure
you must have a high standard for success:
lol #mediapropaganda
it must be nice to live in a fact free world. but you still can't explain solyndra
what is to explain - money given to friends/ donors - it failed - fire sale
Dear @realDonaldTrump: this is demonstrably not true, as the figures themselves show. Liar. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/820631495660408835 …
millions of us VOTED REPUBLICAN PARTY FOR THE FIRST TIME GLAD WE DID
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, you're starting your day in a rage about the election again. And no need to capitalize "nation."
@kharyp @realDonaldTrump Rage causes hair fall.
.@realDonaldTrump isn't bringing jobs back. You're just taking credit for decisions made by others on your predecessor's watch. Liar.
Sure!!! His great moves to create jobs didn't pan out till a couple of weeks before leaving office? You guys are delusional!!!
Obama created millions of jobs. Mr. Piss is taking credit for the jobs Obama created this month.
I have never blocked a person on twitter especially for not agreeing on politics
That's nice, but trust me, you are still pretty new to this, you will eventually
I'm new to what ? Life ?
Twitter.. I had many 100's of followers before I started blocking people.
Lost popular vote by 3 million...never forget.
Trump won more than 2,700 out of 3,143 counties and 30 out of 50 states! Landslide Victory!   Never Forget!
Stop trying to give idea that DT won bigly. # of counties/empty Acres irrelevant. 150M did NOT vote for him
No,  but my point is that folks claiming a Trump 'landslide'  are delusional,  let along just wrong
You claim to understand 'reason' but you do not even understand the meaning of words you use.
Why are u ALWAYS making stupid ish up?   You're obsessed with President Obama. Guess what? You'll never, ever be 1000000th of the Man he is!
NO we r most angry 'cause: NO TAX RETURNS, TRUMPCARE, RUSSIAN MOLES, NEPOTISM, WALL, EPA CLIMATE, ICE-GESTAPO RAIDS, TRAVEL BAN, get it now?
Are you really that stupid or is this post a bad joke?
Lol No they didn't.
What jobs other than Investigators? You wouldn't be @POTUS if Russia had not stole the election and gave it to you,puppet

#ImpeachTrumpNow
How do you take credit for this after only 57 days, when you've done nothing except make speeches about jobs? #LiarInChief
Done nothing? He's eliminated more biz/job killing regulations than any other Prez and passed tax law. Get educated before u tweet.
27% of eligible voters voted for you. Some "movement." Where did you study math -- Trump University? #Puppet
Where did u get your info?? Hustler??
What, is division two difficult for you? Take Trump's votes, divide by # of eligible voters. Then go back to school
keep crying cuz it sure isn't gonna change a thing.bye bye baby Jordyn,try to have a winning day ok..love ya
They will vote for you again in 2020
since the beginning of your campaign for presidency, you have supported and received the support of American Nazi's
.@realDonaldTrump Dems are angry that a garbage fire of a human being had help "winning" the election & is now going to destroy this country
.@realDonaldTrump you should come to terms with the fact that you're an illegitimate president & you'll keep hearing that for 4 years.
I can't speak for all the Democrats, but I'm angrier that you're a traitor, a kleptocrat, a con man, a racist and a rapist
Can you prove literally any of those claims?
Look them up. I don't have time to be Google for you.
Excuses as usual
Requiring others to do the work for you as usual.
Requesting** Requiring is like how you require free healthcare because your too poor.
You're
Thanks for your copyediting. I've muted him. If Trump said on video "I'm a racist" dude would argue he's not
ridicule
Lol. No one believes that. All what jobs? Taking credit for something else you didn't do.
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
Obama & bush took away everything from the American people deliberately to fulfill New Workd Order :(
LOL. You're delusional. #TangerineMan, #OrangeClown #nmp
A democrat like you probably still are?
Nation will need to implement vocational education for such jobs, as: welders, technicians, electricians, machine operators
You have all your cheap stuff made overseas, the buck starts with you!
you ain't done crap but lie and take other people's credit your whole admin plagiarizes
You need to ignore them and not give them any press.
Not just a liar but a stupid one: everybody knows you lost the popular vote and didn't get more votes than other Rep candidates in the past
But still won election
Not with Obama voters though. The usual number of Republicans voted for him. He didn't convert any Dems
Who said it was a rule that you had to convert parties to win?
you are delusional. You'll bring death to our country from the Russians and others. Are you doing Coke?
I'll be busy eating tacos that day.
Ypu are delusional!

You are never going to know who voted for you Did you have something to do with what you keep crying about You did fraud
ILLEGITIMATE, ILLEGITIMATE, ILLEGITIMATE, ILLEGITIMATE, ILLEGITIMATE.......
don't forget that hillary won almost 2.9 million more votes than you. #fact #NotMyPresidentTrump
Trump won 30 states compared to HRC's 20. He also won 2623 counties to HRC's 489.  Those are the numbers that count.
THE SMART ONES VOTED FOR TRUMP!! #MAGA
You are dilusional!!! Seriouly?!!!!
this is not how the president behaves. DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT.
blah blah blah You are delusional and believe your own BS. Sad!!! Lol
hurry...Our Nation is being distributed by self absorbed liberals
Did Putin tell you to say that?
proof??
saying "Obama democrats" in one tweet and then saying we're all divided in another...anyone get where I'm going?
. Not true another lie.
Thanks for stepping up and getting elected. America needs you and your wonderful picks. VA pick is my favorite.
I guess you really need to bring back manufacturing to the Midwest if you want to get elected again! Good luck! 
what about the money your wasting with the wall
Obama's administration had to pull this country out of the hole and jobs have been growing for 75 months NOT Trump
I am Democrat and DID NOT vote for you. I am still baffled you got one vote. My worse nightmare comes true Friday. 
We see you are trying to take credit for Obama' legacy. Not fooling us. 1/20 starts your time. We're watching. Out in 4.
actions speak lower than works trump?
there are some very misinformed ppl! They need to stop listening to the media and give you a chance to prove yourself!
there's no I in team. When the best athletes score goals they always defer praise to the teammates that helped score it!
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
and yeah I did get that sander followers for example turned their backs of traitors and low life liberal scum. Good 4 you T
you are so freaking delusional
. DELUSIONAL.  FAKE.  ILLEGITAMITE
You bringing your companies jobs back?? Is Ivanka bringing her companies jobs back? No I thought not...#alltalk
Exactly how many? Where did the stats come from? Please reference your source of "information"
When I suggested including the Democrats, I meant in a positive light.  What's an #ObamaDemocrat? #AlphaAndOmegaOfWords
that makes no sense at all...god, you're terrifying!
Moscow Donald we all know that the only reason you are President elect is because Russia interfered in our democracy.
They were fooled.  There will be no jobs.  You will take their medical insurance, their food stamps,  women's health care.
with every tweet u not only make me dislike u more but also my friends that voted for u. Grow up. The world is watching
"illegitimate president"
the first day... Oh wait you're taking the first  three days off..it's to be expected- all talk and NO action. blahblah

.
One more time, Hillary won the popular vote. All Republicans voted for you? What about your companies?
well , they had 8 years and have done absolutely nothing, in fact Obama recently said I can't do anything,
Democrats Are Very Emotional,That's Why They Lost the Game That they Must Win.
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
They'll be so very many jobs.  The best jobs.  It will be great.
Donny am I invited to your inauguration party?
you're delusional? #resist #ResistTrump
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You are off your rocker!  Those jobs were already staying. Do you have any idea how ridiculous you look, taking credit?
了不起啊你
Another delusional and rambling Tweet from Donald. #antitrump #resisttrump
No were angry that you had help from Russian operatives to steal the Election.Yur legitimacy will remain  questionable .
you lost the popular vote.  We The People obviously don't have a say so
President Trump I truly belive you will make America great again god bless you!
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
It's not only jobs that matter, but livable wages.
God must have used the face warp app to make you
our votes do not come without following through. Student loan interest rates are not changing themselves.
you need to stop lumping us all together,this democrat is only disgusted by you,i am not hurt or crying, just disgusted
you mean more than the 180k/ O is giving us? Also, you last by millions of votes.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
Jerk! You Lost! 2.8 million votes! LOSER
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
you are taking this GOLDEN opportunity to SHOWER America with Jobs ..such a WHIZ at bringing back jobs ... all about the #1
What? You won the election by a mere 80,000 votes in three key swing states. Lost the popular vote by almost 3 million
Your popular support has gone from 48% to 44% since your election.  Your support is not growing; It is waning. Explain that
You are right- we switched.
you are a liar, you haven't brought jobs back.  They were already here or staying.
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
How?  Depression like Hoover? Or?
Fake News!!!
you lost the popular vote ! We hate you ! One term illegitimate president!
don't include GM dude
I'm tired hearing from the people don't like President Trump give him a chance. He won
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Moderate democrats are leaving in droves tired of the faux racism war on whites #fedup
let's get this straight,  tiny brain imbecile:  you lost by 2.9 million votes. 2.9 million people did not want U
I may love to shop but I’m not buying your bull.
by bringing all companies back to US yes creating more jobs but that means everything more expensive. High pay
