
Where are the 400 jihadis still in London, @piersmorgan asks @MayorofLondon @SadiqKhan 

Full interview: http://www.itv.com/goodmorningbritain/news/sadiq-khan-on-islamic-radicals-policing-cuts-and-trump-feud … 
I pledge allegiance 2 the Flag of the USA & 2 the Republic 4 which it stands, 1 Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty & justice 4 all.
We're eager to hear Comey's self-indictment tomorrow:
Thank you for your efforts to protect us against the enemies of the U.S.A...the Marxists and the Jihadists.
Is that your Christian message?
Ah, the morality of the Left:
CEO income up 450% Regular workers income declines via inflation. But, you want to hand more to the to 1% #ResignNow
Agreed. More income equity strengthens our economic base.  And it stimulates savings and the economy.  Good ideas Dan.
SUPPORT FOR DONALD TRUMP'S IMPEACHMENT IS NOW HIGHER THAN HIS APPROVAL RATING
CNN poll: 70.2% say impeachment is wrong.  Trump Approval, mid June: 50% #LeftistMath
God knows you aren't PC, considering how many allies you have pushed away with thoughtless comment...
Not being PC is apparently a license to run your mouth without considering the consequences...
Keep up the great work.  The left-libs are hoping to throw you off your game but stay focused & know that we will #MAGA 
Mr. President, Thank you for your service & defense of We The People. We have your back Sir. WE STAND WITH YOU, ALWAYS!
STOP TWEETING!!!!
Why? Being informed about everything on the mind of govt is transparency like it should have always been done. Perfection
Trump is a poor person's idea of a rich person, a shirker's idea of a worker, a fool's idea of a sage, a coward's idea of a brave leader.
Bravo!!
Here's a smart way to do it! Educate, educate, educate! 
Watch this Kuwait video against terrorism:
that.. was great... sad and beautiful...
Mr. President,I like the fact that U speak plainly & truthfully! I like it that U communicate with us on Twitter. 388 million people Tweet!
What?! No one told u?? The election is over honey!! IF u have 2 resort 2 dragging Hillary into this..u need a free edu morethan libs!!! Smfh
Can you type in english? You're not an 8 year old who just got a phone. You can fucking type.
Indeed. Protecting the borders & the citizens within are the first duty of a state.

#TheresaMay ist just getting the idea! #Merkel soon!
Name calling. Has nothing to do with being politically correct. It's just bullying abuse of power.
Thank you Mr President 

You don't know the difference between being politically correct vs unconstitutional, president ninny
Behind you 100%
Are you going to ban guns then? More citizens killed by other citizens than terrorists every year.
No gun ban,ever.Switzerland neutral 2 WW's,almost every household has http://arms.Protection  frm tyranny,keep freedom Democratic Republic
Gun law in Switzerland has nothing to do with why you are shooting each other on weekly basis or killing more than terrorists.
You are misinformed,however entitled to your opinion.Im glad I live here & my children, grandchildren have hope for future with DJT
Misinformed? The us news is peppered with domestic shootings on regular basis. Fact. Swiss + U.K. Not. Fact
Brits even police- no arms for self defense.See Texas open carry the law, vs Chicago  guns, innocents shot daily by criminals illegal guns
Your point? Doesn't happen here as guns not freely available - legal or not. Gun crime here not even a fraction of there.

God Bless you my President.
I just threw up in my mouth.
You r delusional
we must abide by the constitution & get down to the business of getting you & your cronies out of the white house. #Impeach45 #TrumpRussia
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @KellyannePolls @StephenBannon @OMAROSA @seanspicer @VP @mike_pence @SHSanders45 @FLOTUS @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr #MAGA
Has the KGB moved into the DoD offices, yet?
Well said


Thanks.  Apparently Bob Mueller is looking into this now.
I am afraid it is far too late for you to get smart. You make George W. Bush look like Albert Einstein!
Yes but we must be as surgical as possible.  We must kill to protect our freedom, but with as few collateral losses as we can.
#children
Your absolutely right mr president and I stand with you all the way
There's no way to get smart when a complete idiot (verified by all who know him) is running the country you lost the popular vote
We need a President that acts like a President. We need one with the knowledge. We need one with less hatred toward so many.
Thank you Mr. President for your wisdom, perspicacity, courage, tenacity and Statesmanship.
Where is the cone of silence when we need it FFS?
76.3k RETWEETS and counting...100% agreement
Using fear is a poor leadership strategy.   But then....you're a poor leader!
No one in US history ENDANGERS THE COUNTRY OR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE MORE THEN TRUMP'S EMBARRASSMENTS WORLDWIDE! LOSER DOESN'T PAY OWN BILLS.
POTUS right happy u tweeting?
Thank God for you President Donald Trump.  If you are ever in Willis, Texas, look us up, my hubby and I wanna hug you!
Precisely!!!
YOU'VE NEVER BEEN SMART. YOU SHOW IGNORANCE ON EVERY LEVEL. YOU'LL BE OUT OF OFFICE SOON & I WILL NOT BE ALONE IN MY VICTORY DANCE!
I am so glad I voted for you @potus
Tell jihadis salvation is a gift "so no one may boast", not based on works. They don't know how precious they R to God until it is too late
God “wants all people to be saved and to come to a knowledge of the truth” 1 Timothy 2:4.
There have been over 200 firearm American deaths since the London incident. Let's start there shall we?
Then start by banning all the violent white supremacist groups!!
Name 1.
KKK, aryans, white nationalists, just to name a few of the more than 42 that are listed and not to mention those that are not listed/unknown
Lol.  KKK = Democrats.  When was the last white supremacy mass bombing?
That's what many of us have been saying for ages! If it walks like a duck, quacks likes a duck..must be a friggin' duck! Stand together USA!
What is a "frigging"???
Are you seriously asking....or being condescending?
Resign
For the security of the people, you sir, should be removed from our planet. #youworkforthepeopleasshole
Being PC is just being respectful.  What's wrong with that?????
This wanna be President is full of himself. He is suffering from an identity crisis. He thinks he's Russia President. Dick Rider.
Democrats Tom Perez and Ralph Ellison are attacking our second amendment!! Trying to repeal it!!! What's up with that?? They need to be called out!!!
It has nothing to do with being politically correct. That’s just your excuse to act like an asshole.
Time for the SILENT GOP to line up behind you, follow your lead and TAKE CONTROL!
Yes
Amen. Implement change, as you see it's needed!  Millions of Americans are behind you.
YES ! We need for you to be tough on this ! This country needs you so badly.
We are behind you Mr President and thank God for sending you.
@POTUS This hard work! You must need a break! A 3.5 year vacation will due. Keep your cell at home & take Pense with you.
Too bad Trump undermines his own successes with his "reality show" ratings mentality.  I say, grow into the office of POTUS, please!!!
It's already worse, the disassembly of America has begun.
Whow
@POTUS
Guessing, no golden coach for Trump UK visit?
We will be secure when you are in jail 
Keep dreaming libtard!
Go fuck yourself
We currently have the best leader leading our Nation while the rest lead their countries into despair.
Our democracy was attacked and will be attacked again by Russia.  THIS is a national security issue!
Stop being politically correct? Sounds good. Let's be #politicallyincorrect.
Then step down so someone who doesn't store walnuts in their head cavity can be POTUS #covfefe
President Trump, we are definitely overcoming.  T U!
The Liberals, who never fought for this country are willing to destroy it in favor of ppl who also have no respect for our laws or our lives
trust us we'd be happy with any kind of correctness coming from you and your WH
No more political correctness is right!  Lock up the Nazi alt-right!

California cheated!!
More people voted than are eligible
Trump probably won the popular vote too.

…
US has no FBI director. Many fed positions remain unfilled. We have no ambassador in London.  Bozo The President is failing to lead.
#Trump you and your family are #America's biggest security threat
I agree, a strict "no griefing" policy must be implemented, to protect our diamonds, and our land. @DolanDark I tried. I love you.
So right
Know body will ever call you politically correct. What part of a woman's anatomy did you say you can grab them by. #Fakepresident
The majority of U.S. terrorist attacks have been made by U.S. citizens.  You know this.
#RESIST
Libtards
Well, we’re not smart. We’re greedy and militarily aggressive. No wonder we worry about security. It started with Bush BS. 9/1=Demolition
Thank you President Trump for putting American people first.
Thank you for standing up for our country I support you and value your commitment to make our voices heard!
I agree.  It is about time.  Thank you Mr. President!
You must first stop supporting the terrorists groups and stop Creeting war in others country's
too bad you're neither politically correct or any kind of correct at all
Amen
Explain
Your are soo right Mr. President..thank you for your service to our country!!
Are you reading any books to get smart or are you just watching cable news?
Thank you and you are right.MAGA
oh shut up trump... sick of hearing your ****. hire re a new tweeting team. Tweets are sooooo childishly lame. Boooooring
Things are about to get worse for you.  Going to enjoy watching it. #ImpeachTrump

@theresa_may @jeremycorbyn
REPEAT
Are U serious in the #UKelections?

…
By "politically correct" you refer to adhering to the Constitution. Would you suspend it to quell yr pathetic fears? Try READING IT first!
Do you call what you do politically correct? I think others call you racist....
Millions voted 4 'man' who mocked  disabled &I bragged about grabbing women by Pussy & u think US is concerned about political correctness?
amen
Yet you cry about not being treated fair constantly, your the biggest PC snowflake in the world. Please quit. U wanna just golf anyway
Two replies and I get blocked. Way to be for all Americans
#CONCUR
Yes man.......the man of the moment
Well you're not smart so, it's gonna get worse!!!
The only way you are going to get smarter is with a brain transplant.
Then stop being so political! We don't like you nor did the American people vote for you! You are making America worse again! Go away!!!!!!!
Trump still has not tweeted about #Orlando.
Actually we need a POTUS who acts like one Not a word about the significance of this day for Americans and Allies SAD
I agree!
@realDonaldTrump you're not smart and you already are the WORST ever @POTUS #corrupt #sinister
You're so right POTUS!! #MAGA
If we don't shut you up and get you out of office, it is much less safe for America and the world. You are a danger to society
Thank You Sir for all you are doing to protect our Nation from enemies foreign or domestic
Every time I check back to this very tweet, I see that it is UNLIKED. TWITTER IS LITERALLY REMOVING TRUMP'S LIKES.
I keep liking this tweet and EVERY time I check back, it is un-liked. Doesn't happen with other accounts. Other people, test this please!!!
@themassesrise P/Correctness is a nihilistic system,self destroying,& in the end losing your freedom & democracy through it
What would be smart is if you just resigned already so that someone can step in and run our country!
Forget all the haters on Twitter Mr. President. I am with the silent majority and there are millions of us behind you! Keep up the good work
Very True.We have a Muslim Problem here,along with Alot of Left Wing Anarchists.WE NEED TO STOP ISLAMIC CULTURE IN AMERICA!
This chart demonstrates clearly that you are a certified fear-monger.
Nice Tamara
Please keep trying.  Don't give it up.  Love the idea of a solar wall!
What's with you people and walls? It's really abnormal to want to build useless walls everywhere.
That would be easier if you would refrain from giving up classified intelligence at the drop of a hat #imnewatthis
@POTUS when will you destroy isis?
A facist state has never worked out well for the people. Ever.
Obama in Montreal praising tribalism. Should instead read AM Schlesinger "The Disuniting of America: Reflections on a Multicultural Society"
Obama in Montreal: Read Thomas Edsall (NY Times):"The Democratic Party Is in Worse Shape Than You Thought" Bereft,Leaderless.
Washington Post is the official Hearst-like yellow journal of the Washington Swamp, the site for seeing accelerating American decline.
Wall Street Journal#1:The ‘Independent’ Mr. Comey:His prepared testimony shows why he deserved to be fired. "A willful and naive narcissist"
Wall Street Journal#2: Mr. Comey’s disregard for the chain of legal command is why Mr. Trump was right to fire him, whatever his reasons.
A Dershowitz-Fox News com #1:Adams,Jefferson,Lincoln,JFK,Obama:presidents directed/requested Justice Dept to  investigate, prosecute people
A Dershowitz- #2:Oval Office 2/14/'17:"I hope you can let this go,"Trump said, (Comey's letter):NO obstruction of justice or any other crime
I know. N Korea is frightening. Got to be stopped.
Feeling nervous about tomorrow? Obstruction. Of. Justice.
Yeah it looks as if Hillary, Bill, Loretta, Comey and Barack were definitely colluding to obstruct justice. Careful what you wish for!
Always trying to deflect. Lol. The ship is sinking and the Repubs are going down with it. Tick tock, tick tock...
If we were smart, you wouldn't be our so-called president.
Did you miss the election? He is POTUS, no such thing as so called POTUS. You would know that if you got out of your safe space snowflake!
I don't live in your safe alternate reality.  He won the election only because more people, including me, had no regard for Shrillery
Also president Trump should advocate to decriminalize possession of marijuana. To many people get charged having small amounts of marijuana. And treated like criminals.
helas en europe ce qui prime au detriment du peuple sait le politiquement correct, de faux jetons ! qui ne pense qu a s'enrichir, tout en fessant le politiquement correct ! triste epoque
I follow @realDonaldTrump yet Never receive any tweets, just retweets by others??   WHY??
Stop the invasion by the Central American marchers by whatever means necessary.
It is treasonous to attack our constitution!!! When will we hold people accountable. The second amendment is under attack!!!
The smart thing would be to run your sorry inept ass right out of that office.  If we don't this clown show you call a "presidency" will only get worse.
In related news, Trump denies allegations of collusion with Stormy Daniels: “I most definitely did not have sexual relations with Stormy Daniels. She had sex with me.”

#reallyStupidDonaldTrump
You are out of your mind. You need to resign after your unhinged performance in Pittsburgh. You embarrass patriotic thinking Americans.
You’re so smart. The deal you made with Putin must really stink.
Did political correctness put you on your knees before Putin?
There is a tweet for everything...
Still blocking people ha. Why is that? Ha ha
Traitor.
You, politically correct?  Now there is a Trumpleforeskin oxymoron
Ok, you go first
So you’re saying you’re going to resign? #TrumpColluded
Yes! We must stop being politically correct! When T sends his people to vote, they’re not the best. He’s sending people that have lots of problems, & they’re bringing those problems. They’re bringing hate. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, r good people
Very good!
Simple concept that will provide everyone being placed in a secure Homeland.
You need to learn how to be a politician to be able to understand what is to be politically correct.
You always use the term “politically correct” to whine about something you can’t get away with. You’re also the biggest coward on Twitter cuz you’re afraid to respond to your critics.
Get Smart! Watch out Agent 99, he has big hands and big feet!
Have a drink...
The term “Politically Correct” is just your excuse to act like an ass hole.
The security of America concerns only rt.Left could care less. Going to protect America only by using the rt
Dictatorship?
You’re suck. Resign. Please. 
I can't believe there are people in the UK in management that still don't get it.
UK MSM still doing a good job of brainwashing.
Would you be so kind as to pass on those words of wisdom to UK PM Theresa May, Mr President?
how about you finally ban your 2nd A then?
The libs will never get it.It doesn't matter what terrorists use, they want guns banned so we can't stop the terrorists. Thank God for guns!
Yes ! Thank God you're our President & not the criminal Hillary. We must stop Schumer & Libs "diversity immigration" NOW !
Thank You Mr.Trump,,yes politically correct needs to stop! We need extreme Vetting. Stop these Killings Please!
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it...

