Wait ..isn't that Trump in the backseat 
Lol. She blocked me for saying Trump's in back seat.
No. You should block anyone with "resist" in their name. That means you are blocking the the presidency and anti American.
Not anti American..I'm anti Trump use your constructive thinking and don't say ignorant things
Your movement is a hate based movement. Of extremists and supremacists. I've seen your supporters suggest to shoot and behead a president.
We need that El chapo bill voted on @tedcruz come on... Be productive. Build the damn wall
#NOFUCKINGWALL
Why not lol. El chapo's assets can help pay for it? We need a wall. Even Israel has a wall.
A wall doesn't mean we hate you. It means we respect, and protect the people of the united States. Aka why people lock their doors.
No. A wall means 45 was pandering for votes, and 60 million people fell for it.
I think you're delusional or narrow minded. With such an expanded, and diverse base of voters we all had our own reasons for voting Trump.
Some a wall, some a travel ban, others his economic policies, his fight against terror etc. At the end we voted for a message/platform
The other 63M people who voted Hillary must be morons because they voted based on "pussy" "glass ceilings" and "trump is bad."
Lol  that is edited .. you can noticed ,good intent to deceive poor educated do ..
And that would actually happen standing at the WH podium? With military personnel standing behind him?
Just me, but if someone said my Dad shot JFK and insulted my wife I wouldn't sing their praises 
I doubt it
Lying Ted??
We are screwed
Also you, Ted Cruz might by the zodiac killer
It is unfortunately a lose-lose for passengers, air-safety, and private pilots. The oligarchy continues to win-win.
For profit air traffic control is a lose-lose. Except for the CEOs.
Lyin Ted
Cruz, what an ass kisser. Disgraceful.
You really HAVE lost it this time! You are quoting FOX News quoting Ted Cruz! That's what I call a loose loose! Hahahahahahaha!
Wow your yes men you hand picked know how to agree with everything you do.
A non-profit...like Fannie Mae? What happens if it fails? Will taxpayers have to bail it (the airlines) out?
Schumer has already started to criticized plan!
Try to focus people save are tax money.
So now @realDonaldTrump is quoting “Lyin’ Ted Cruz”? Desperate times in the WH, I guess.
Nowhere near as desperate as the obamas campaigning for hillary - if we're going to use political expediency as the gauge for desperation.

Lets not act like it's only one way. The only response liberals ever have is "but...but.. Russia". Don't they all just suck?
Oh Jesus! Just realized you"re a shiny new paid bot! Lol!! Bye bue!
Says the soros bot
Yeah sure except I'm a real live person. Come on down to SC so we can meet.
A win-win would be nice. So far President Trump's plans have all been wince-wince.
We need Ted Cruz as Attorney General! Sessions is weak right now and has done nothing except recuse himself from everything for no reason!
Good news! So proud of our President!! Finally have a President for the people, all people
All people? 
I know it really is joyous 
Bless your heart
It is indeed thank you! May God bless you!
Do you know that in the South, "Bless your heart" is a nice way of saying "FU"?

@realDonaldTrump
I don't think @FLOTUS is 70 yo but she sure dresses like one. Now @MichelleObama she looked fabulous whatever she wore. Hair up or hair down
You need glasses or have no clue what style, grace, beauty and class look like. We'll never see Melania walk down AF1 steps in denim shorts
Bc she couldn't pull it off with her anorexic looking ass. Looking like scary mary with all that make up on.
@realDonaldTrump If Cruz is flogging the deal then you know it is terrible. Didn't he say winning was easy, don't compromise?
Thank you for working to #MAGA !
How did you refer to Ted Cruz again in 2016?
IF Christian didn't want to listen to him why should we
How about we privatize congress, and hire people that actually care about America, instead of lining the pockets of your rich friends.
Of course ass-kissing lunatic Ted would say that. Take it private, hide whatever you want. Perfect for the money-grubbing, subversive thugs.
Of course he did he's an idiot. Testament to your desperation to retweet something Cruz said..lol.
I voted for Trump but I do believe Cruz has some very good ideas and is gracious
So will Trump finally give Cruz's dad a presidential pardon for killing JFK?
Ah, yes, the Russian Collusion done by Bill's Wife & also by Obama.

Transforming 'patch work quilt' air traffic control system into a hack proof, state of the art tracking system; should have been done sooner
Wow, the bots are out early.
Ted Cruz would make a Amazing FBI  man,he would follow the Law  to the T,
Goggle Brian Epstein/Donald Trump rape case. We have a rapist in the oval office. He's not Bill Clinton. This girl was 13.
The flying one's. They just must be in minority Cruz ;-)
Good to see Ted and Don getting along. Ted does work hard.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends
Always the same - never any intelligent rebuke.
Ted Cruz, you slandered his father's name and said disparaging things about his wife.
You will be on the hot seat Thursday: guess who, COMEY
'Cuz what we need to fix air travel is ability for air traffic controllers to go on strike.
It would also be good if we could pay air traffic controllers less with less benefits.
RT @foxandfriends: Sen. Ted Cruz: Trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for Democrats and Republicans https://...
RT @FOXANDFRIENDS: SEN. TED CRUZ: TRUMP'S AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL PLAN IS A 'WIN-WIN' FOR DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS HTTPS://T.CO/TSGGUEFOO2
Ted Cruz doesn't know his ass from air traffic control plan. Is the plan in the bible?
Ted Cruz has been outstanding since Trump win a credit to himself great job and M Rubio as  well great congrats
Why need a win for democrats.? They lost the election. We should stop trying to appease then and Just shut them out and shut them down.
oh goody, we can listen to a complete wacko
@realDonaldTrump cruz better act right old whiny backstabber needs to remember who is president and who voted him in
Why? How, specifically, is it going to make travel safer, faster, and cheaper. Nothing but political b.s. thus far.
Another satisfied KoolAid drinker.
#TrumpRussia
#RussiaGate
Cruz hates Trump and even he can remain impartial.
As some one who works in a privatised safety critical industry... I can tell you... profit over safety is NOT a win-win
Trump is under investigation
when large systems are transitioned, mistakes always happen and a learning curve is needed, but in this case, people could die!
So now you're a Ted Cruz fan?  And, BTW it would only be a win for profiteers.
Privatization means profits for corp's at the peoples’ expense. Capitalism is a cancer upon us. Rich, richer. Poor poorer. Do u care? No
Grandpa's UP!
Let's wait and see what u r doing whrn whrn u  r 70
@realDonaldTrump I dunno, can we trust a guy whose dad killed Lincoln?
More than we can trust Democrat hate filled snowflakes

TRUMP never said that, and you are a liar.
Maybe he did...do you know everything he's ever said???
anyone interested in knowing why they are so upset about privatizing air travel, see no non-stops southern hemisphere.
And what R U smoking genius. You lost remember
Didn't you guys accuse his dad of killing JFK
I noticed trump ignored Cruz. Didnt shake his eager, clammy hand.  Both deserve each other.
Ted Cruz: lapdog extraordinaire
Since he's not a cynical hater like the Dems?
That settles it! If toady Cruz is in favor, it must be a bad idea!
Why are you quoting the son of Kennedy's murderer?  Oh.  Because Kennedy was a Democrat.  Got it.
It's a lose lose for 30,000 federal employees who will get laid off. But yeah. Sure.
And a big loss for consumers. For-profit schools and ATC's? We all lose. 

 @cspanwj #UniteBlue #NotMyPrez
You literally signed a MEMO in the East Wing. Not an EO. Not a bill into law. A random piece of paper.
Your retweeting lying Ted give us a break.
Win for your Buddies in aircraft industry.  Did President Bannon approve
#conman
A Republican saying a Republican's idea is good. I'm stunned.
Awesome
That Cruz shouldn't be believed I heard from someone his name was lying Ted
I do not like Trump at all but I am sick of hearing the constant insults all the time! He is President like it or not so stop already
Vote him out of office!
No.
Wow the Left isn't accusing Cruz of making a Nazi salute! Wow progress.
Privatize air traffic control? HOW? No such current business exists! Let me guess; once the group are stockholders, business found!
Yeah, the ones who are going to profit from it, not the general public.
Very sensible!!
GOTTA GIVE THE TEDSTER THE CREDIT.HE HAS STEPPED UP & IS PLAYING ON TRUMPS TEAM.WHERE ARE THE OTHER REPUBLICANS!
Your just doing it to hide your planes from the public. We know what your up to
It looks like he's giving a "sieg heil" to @realDonaldTrump
Interesting to see how fast Trumps invest in privatised air traffic control. @realDonaldTrump never does anything not in Trump best interest
Did LYING Ted said something???
@realDonaldTrump , Why does modernization require privatization  ?
It's OUR #airtrafficcontrol system. Keep it that way!
Haven't read any comments in a long time. And I remember why I stopped. Comments are for crying trolls. MAGA
A, BIGLEY TAX CUT for the Top 1% Right Donny ?????
And cruz is a jerk-jerk
Ted Cruz gets a paycheck. But it can never be enough to reclaim his dignity or family name. His soul was torched years ago.
And mostly AMERICANS!
C.orrupt

U.ndignified

N.arcissistic

T.raitor

#FakePresident
But Trump said Cruz can't be trusted during the primaries sooooo
You mean LYIN' Ted?
Cruz is delusional. Privatization never benefits the people, just the lowest bidder.
Soumds good to me. God bless
#maga
OMG, are you kidding? I for one will never fly again if that happens and will pray everyone else stays safe with the incompetency to ensue.
Well if you believe lyin Ted you'll believe anything
Ted and Rubio, the illegal legals . Anchor Babies will never get my vote. Just support Trump.
So, #ComeyOver told you that President Trump was NOT under investigation?
As Cruz gives Traitor Trump a Nazi salute, he joins his idiocy with that of Traitor Trumps to form a super stupid politician. #resist
Drain the swamp
 Get the Obama administration out the door
Cruz will burn in hell....and He's a jerk
Win for Nation.Transform 'patch work quilt' air traffic control system into hack proof, state of the art tracking system; why not sooner?
Good it takes real power away from the government.
This will be just as successful as Trump Vodka and Trump Steaks.
Rt on ted
It's a freaking disaster. You cannot deregulate the skies where our military flies!
Like nsa contractors?
#makeplanesCrashAgain
You want to privatize Air Traffic Control, umm Don't you think that opens a bigger door for ways for us to have terrorist attacks like 911
Gets.up early to search for good news about himself...
Goes back to bed 2 minutes later after another FOX retweet.
If by us, you mean the private businesses that would cash in, or the large airlines that would directly benefit, then your right...win-win.
@tedcruz I'm sorry for treating U mean.  You are showing us you're now TRUTHFUL & not going with the "agenda." For that Sir I thank you.
You mean lyin' Ted?  Now you support him?  What a hypocrite.
Good 'ol son-of-an-assasin lyin' Ted.  Ted, the Russians...you're running with some bad hombres.
So Fox isn't "FAKE NEWS!!!"? But CNN is, even though @seanspicer went to CNN to issue his apology. #hypocrite
Well if you and Trump are for it then it must be endorsed by the Devil.

can you ever do anything without blaming others but this is insanity your own planes you put into jeopardy
Sweetness :)!!!! Thank You very much :)!!!!
Why would anybody trust the word of the #ZodiacKiller?
Nice that Ted is saluting you dictator style.
A win win to make your RICH friends RICHER!
We notice you only RT Fox News. It's the only one that tells you and your cult followers what you/they want to hear.
Ted Cruz is all you got in your corner & Fox and Friends. That dog won't hunt either. Everyone hates Ted, even the ones he says like him
Lowest Bidder...  great....  NOT!
Privatize? You mean monetize for the SWAMP creatures.
Yeah because Sen Cruz is the authority on what's considered a win for democrats and all. 
Is more govt better than less? No, less is better!
How can we believe lying Ted? Are you crazy? Are you delusional? Go back to sleep!
Nothing like privatized companies understaffing a contract to save money and overworking employees. Except this time they control planes.
UK supports Donald Trump, where's the bills that should have been pushed forward by the Congress to the president to sign?
Keep fighting the good fight, you're right on track giving them hell.
This just proves this is a bad idea.
I hope he realizes he's coming up for re-election.  Beto O'Roark for Senate !!!
Let's put everything in the for profit hands, schools, air traffic control. Hell what do we need a government for? Trump & Green Eggs n Ham.
So it's a loose-loose for lying Ted?
It's a federal giveaway to his rich friends. Complete with government subsidies, creating a monopoly, assuring higher airfares.
Why didn't you think of that before TrusTed to Lie @tedcruz Why didn't you give Veterans Healthcare Vouchers instead of sitting on your ass?
For the rich people who will own them it's all for the rich 
Lyin' Ted?
Aw, not watching @Morning_Joe today? Prob a good idea. #UnfitToLead #trumprussia

Yes it is'
The same Ted Cruz that helped shutdown the US Government in 2013? The same guy you called "lying" Ted Cruz? I think I'll pass!
Ted Cruz, The fake wave for credit 
undeserved is no more then 
fake News.I and another million 
or so see right through. 
Do something!
It should only be a win-win for Americans!
i don't believe it. Isn't it Lying' Ted? Help me out? Which ias it, lying or not?
And the Dems still won't vote for it, because they are 100% obstructionists.
Do not PROFIT-ize our airways.  There will be no going back!
Really? How so? A, there is no actual plan & B, there is no actual plan.
No it's a win for the corporation that gets the contract. Loose for us-like you, Trump, McConnell & Ryan & most GOP-DRAIN THE SWAMP
I cruz likes it then it must be bad, you've sold me
You know i'm right and you want me to prove it to you...
Nope
Because the GOP has turned into a bunch of liars, I don't believe anything they say until I fact check it.  Now that's sad.
So that's going to be Trump's legacy? Air Traffic Control?
.Land Faster, sit waiting for a gate to open longer!
