


Try living today instead of in the past. I didn't like the last president, but that was my problem and it didn't help me or anyone.
Living in today mean putting a criminal in jail #Crook #TheResistance #Resist #DemForce #TrumpRussia #Collusion
This is awesome and sadly true what an embarrassment  to our country
Got it backwards Marie.The left has nothing but anger,ugliness, empty accusations and lies.Why aren't they working?Taxpayers are paying!
You need serious mental help. #trumpjr ADMITTED to election felonies+provided the evidence #TrumpRussia #Collusion #Cult45 #trumpanzee
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with Fran…...
Trump you rock
Love that All american Dress Melania.  You go girl.  Glad you all had a good time.
I thought you and your buddy considers Paris such a terrible city. You kept running it down during your campaign.
Melania looks beautiful!! She makes America Proud! #ProudAmerican  @POTUS @FLOTUS #FirstLady #Paris #Melania #Trump #MAGA #USA
3 Years, 6 Months, 6 Days, 9 Hours, 3 Minutes, and 34 Seconds
WRONG !!!  President Donald Trump 4 More Years 
Not
Oh easily he will win even CNN admitted that if the election were today he'd win by a landslide.  He has 70.3 million supporters up from 65
Loving self. He even likes putting down women , taking Medicaid from those who need it. He only cares about power and himself
Keep watching CNN. My God atebyou a lost soul
No it isn't. They had to TOLERATE you.
And the Pope!
Of course ! 
Beautiful dress FLOTUS!!! Like seriously WOW! #MAGA
So Mrs. Macron wouldn't hold hands with you either?
Fascist: Always the fake smile and he makes everyone vomit
The women make a better match with the other guy. Melania and Emmanuel look cuter together. I would not wish Mrs. Macron with Devil Donald.
Macron apparently favors class, intelligence and integrity over being with a model.
Great! So we can expect you to sign on to the Climate Agreement?
Did Mrs. Macron's arm heal at all from the psychotic, jerking motion you used in your "handshake" with her? Get control of your body, Bozo!
Im really surprised pres of France allowed u near his wife after u darn near ripped her arm out of her socket AND salivated all over her 
Thank you for ALL you are doing to make America better!

boy have you shown your colors, all someone has to do is fake suck up to you and you go crazy for that person and country.
45 - One's tie should stop at one's belt line and when one is standing one's coat is buttoned, you cad.
Beautiful!
Ladies are on the wrong side of the ends. Macron has you where he wants you!!
Liar
That lady on the right in the white dress must work out
your leering and comments on her physical appearance! AND how disrespectful to your wife! I "hear" you are a "Christian man" but this...
Your tie looks ridiculous!
Everyone looks so stylish and savvy and then there's DJT with that ridiculous fucking tie down to his knees and his big fat ass. Embarassing
Alain Ducasse!  "Steak well done with ketchup!??!  GTF out!"
Orange  Trash POTUS.
Outstanding job Mr President. You even stood patiently through that parade. Keep on winning. Not tired yet. MAGA

Great Pic, Thanks for sharing
Why did you embarrass yourself?
Trump, you're America's version of Benito Mussolini! Cause of death: Execution by firing squad! We'll settle for a life sentence 4 treason
He sure does seem to "distance" himself from you and your family.......
Never trust the French they are Arabs with shoes on

#wifeswap #oompaloompa #giant #msmelania #mrandmrsmacron

macrons wife is like 64 and hes 39
Be careful Mrs macron, chump loves to grab women by the crotch!
Oh yeah especially after your creepy remark about her being in great shape.. Melania must have felt great about that.. creepy old man
Nothing is more encouraging, than seeing our @POTUS representing us so well..! Thank you Mr.  @realDonaldTrump..! #MAGA
Great friends with allies
his wife is in great shape, no?
You disparaged France in your campaign speeches and preferred Macron's opponent. French people don't forget that. Few Europeans like you.
Extremely classy prez told mrs. Macron how fit she was. 
Macron is a creep . He is putting on a face for you . Being more interested in keeping USA in Europe and undermining Uk than you .
Already wife swapping I see. Good score for @flotus.
99% certain that's a cardboard cutout of Emmanuel Macron
I'm sure your imaginary BFF Jim will be thrilled to hear that Paris is no longer the torched hellscape of your speeches. Great news!
She is really in good shape, Mr President 
How inappropriate were you this time? Did you try to grab at a body part or just ogle her with your ? Bet Mel enjoyed Macron's company! 
Looks like maybe Melania likes Pres Macron's behind?
keep up the great job your doing trump power for 8 years we have your back trump.  thanks 

david wagner
Mrs. Macron? Oh dear.
maybe skip dinner???
This sounds like a jr high tweet
President Macron thinks you're a joke. Supprimer votre compte
looks amazing, did you take my advice and try the Lobster?

Did you keep pawing his wife?
#Lying
Not very good at reading between the lines (looks) are you?
.@realDonaldTrump Did you ask @EmmanuelMacron to back off his threats against #Poland? He shouldn't use extortion as an immigration policy.
Did Brigitte Macron let you grab her by the pussy?
Milania looks so stunning and beautiful as always so lucky to call her our First Lady :)!
Gotta know.. didja grab her pu.....
Look like statues 
The French people dislike you just as much as the American people...the numbers show your French approval ratings are in the bidet.

Doubt Macron sees it that way...
Stronger then ever? Omg you are funny 
Hey Wanda, they want you across the border!  lol
No one in France can stand you. Not even the president, Mr Macron!
is that Macron's mother? is he not married?
Thank you President @BarackObama for endorsing Macron.
Love Flotus's dress. She is a wonderful First Lady and so nice to see her smiling all the time Thank You for your family's USA First Project
Why aren't you standing beside YOUR OWN wife?
Grab any pussy last night?????
"You're in Great Shape - Beautiful"  YOU ARE SO CREEPY !!  An Embarrassment to this Nation nearly every time you open your mouth!
Tweeter is an attention seeking media
You really are deluded about how the world sees you.
hey that's a sleeveless dress melenia is wearing. Did Paul Ryan approve?

You get those digits from her?
Imposter president.
FLOTUS always wearing Red, White, Blue #Class
Brave guy, letting you between him and his wife.

Trump approval in France 13%
Hope you didn't touch anyone
Only a insecure, impotent person pulls that crap. You need help and its coming soon.
Notice I never used the word man, which you are not.
You made a complete fool of yourself the way you ogled his wife. You could see she was sickened being touched by you.
Did anyone throw and sak-o-drugs on your head? Looks like your covered in betadine
So, your short presidency has been more of a traumatic bonding experience than WWII? I don't doubt it. #Dunce #Drumpf
WOW GREAT
You know we fought multiple world wars beside them right?
A BIG ugh for the hand shakes, buddy. In this day and age you are way overboard with the "touchy" thing, Little. HANDS OFF pls
Too cool!
I was there last week , good choice Mr president
They took you to a tourist place. You aren't even worth anything better.  #TrumpColluded #TreasonisaCrime #ImpeachTrump #FakePresident
They find you hilarious .
Nice photo of everyone, Mr. President! 
You're the only one in the pic that's out of shape! You need a personal trainer!
"I will not fake my way through life"
No surprise you are all smiles and standing next to Mrs. Macron instead of your wife.... Where is Jim?
You mean the one you and #PresidentBannon destroyed?
But what about Jim? Did Jim have fun? I'm glad you made it to dinner safely with people blowing shit up in the streets of Paris and all!
You probably drunk coke and flooded your food with ketchup...
Resign
2 beautiful women
beautiful
Hope you restrained yourself from commenting further on her appearance & being in shape, you boorish ill mannered oaf #TrumpEmbarrassment
Very proud of how you and First Lady represent our country that is deserving of "royal" representation like you two show.Thank you

Stay on top of things contact me I have several ideas
I'm sorry for troubling again, but may I put an important question Mrs. Louboutin? I am hungry and wondering if it was fusing cuisine? 
Your dress is beautiful Melania. You looked lovely throughout the year. You were created to be First Lady of America.
Mrs. Macron is in good shape indeed
Did you try to grope Mrs Macron as she is just a women and toy with which to be played?After hand shake she hid behind Melania for safety!
Great looking group of people for dinner.
Our first lady is stunning!
#FakePresident
You wish he was illegitimate. But the Silent Majority turned out to stop the corrupt political system. Trump legally won the election.
You almost pulled Mrs. Macron's arm out of its socket you senile orangutan!
Thought that was the pope
Beautiful!  #MAGA
you look in bad shape "physical shape" next to everyone there....

I am surprised that he didn't just clock you after you sexually harassed his wife. This world isn't your gold club DT and you need to learn.
Why the chef?  Hmmmm????  (Hint: served Russian salad dressing)
#MAGA #LibelJihad #ObamaisISIS #CNNisISIS #Collusion #fakenews @CNN #FNN
Nice picture. I see Melania choose to distance herself. Smart choice. Now if only the rest of could do that.
Even with your weird ass handshakes 
Except a few months ago when you were praising LePen and condemning Terrorist Attacks in France and called them Weak.
I'm sure your relationship with Mrs. Macron will, if nothing else /wink lol
No State Dinner?? Sad.
Just watched programme on BBC1 about Trump's policy on rounding up illegals.  The Duarte family.  Parents taken into detention with probable
Keep your hands where everyone can see them
@FLOTUS your dress is amazing!
lol!! Who cares? What do great dinners have to do with jobs? You're going all around the world looking for new friends..
What about the American revolution?
Rumor is there was another awkward handshake 
Was this pic taken before or after you grabbed Mrs. Macron by the pu$$y?
Did you grab her by the pussy?
Have you told "Jim" that it's okay to visit Paris again?
Why, because you told her she has a nice body?
ugh what a skeezy creep......
Oh......  really?
What the fuck is Melania wearing #sad#herarmsaregross next time just wrap a flag around her ass 
Did you try to fuck his wife?
You are such an embarrassment to the United States! SAD!
Everyone seems in pretty good shape..... except Donald.
The Jules Vernes restaurant. Great establishment! Great food! Pascal Ferraud is a great chef.
My First Lady is gorgeous! To those who refuse to make dresses for her, she DOES NOT NEED YOU!
