RT @AmbJohnBolton: Our country &amp; civilians are vulnerable today because @BarackObama did not believe in national mis...
You sold the conservative, stop spending base for trillions more debt. Trump& his swamp just gave the Dems a big beautiful pkg with a big red bow in spendingTrump you stabbed your base!
Let's be clear, Obama's administration had superior diplomatic leadership and firepower was never an issue...
Ironically Obama used Hilters Methods to brainwash these people. The 1% and pro- Capitalists stole wealth and their country. The US flag and
and history represent the capitalist corruptors.  These must be destroyed and removed they are symbols of oppression and hate. The only
Love peoples who has c'mon sense!
Take action when nessassary. NORTH k. Blowing hot air.
But at same time how many times were we attacked. Exactly.
Look at the gentlemen seated to the right of Rocket Man, does he or his wife look North Korean.? Trust me I know stuff.
And trump doesn't believe in sprinklers. People's lives are in danger if there is a fire in his buildings
That isn't true

That's not  only reason. Obama governed based on his personal anti USA ideology. Continues his traitorous ways with OFA & team of traitors
Thank you mr. President for standing for our country and giving God the glory
let'$ ju$t throw more tax payer money into that HUGE deep CE$$POOL called the white whorehouse... YOU know the one called the dump by t_RUMP
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama false. We're vulnerable bc of the tweets #Dotard posts. Nk hadn't posed an immediate threat
@BarackObama wolf in sheep's clothing. Absolutely worst president in US history. Today's problems lie squarely on his shoulders.
Liar.
He left this country vulnerable and weak, yet the Left criticizes POTUS
I know, can only think they're in denial, HRC would have been 4 more years of BHO
Did Putin tell you to say that?
Boooooooo Bolton deserves better then your hater spew. Go live in NK

He's still your pres!
THANK GOD OBAMA IS GONE!!!
BO was nothing more then a White House occupier & golfer. But he managed to become filthy rich doing nothing but leading from behind.
And from where, exactly, do you buy your crack cocaine? This is literally a description of our current fake president.
Oh, great. Another smartass weighing in. My day is complete. Just say you disagree. We're all entitled to an opinion.
Opinions must be based on facts. Saying Obama was a "golfer" doesn't make sense. Most U.S. Presidents were golfers.
Omg, you again?
Yes, I have a job and a family to take care of. Just want to keep pointing out actual facts. I'm sorry you have been used by Trump & GOP.
See, Evie & I share opinions. If you cd maybe take your toys & go & play with ppl who share *your* opinions, you might be happier. Thanks.
Actually, to continue to keep America the great country it is, we need to listen more to those with differing opinions than our own.
How much $$ does DJT profit when a tomahawk missile is launched. I wonder.
You are both the worst
Traitor!
Don't worry, Trump sorted The North Koreans out with a really, really tough tweet a week or two ago.
The Kims are nuts, but through Clinton, Bush, and Obama terms there was no back and forth threats like Trump has stirred up.
CHANGE YOU CAN BELIEVE IN
Bullshit
Our country & civilians are more vulnerable today bc 45 doesn't know what the hell he's doin! Giving secrets away to the Russian to show off
@bhart48 @BarackObama You've lost your faculties.
He lied about just about evrything http://youtu.be/T7LGoHV3aKs   via @YouTube
We're more vulnerable today because @realDonaldTrump believes in missile defense (easily overwhelmed) more than he does in diplomacy.
latest DELUDED guy: @AMBJIHNBOLTON (August 9, 2017; 13:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
if this is what he TRULY thinks...,@AMBJIHNBOLTON (August 9, 2017; 13:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
SERIOUSLY??? @AMBJIHNBOLTON (August 9, 2017; 13:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"our country is vulnerable today because (of) @BARACKOBAMA???" @AMBJOHNBOLTON (August 9, 2017; 13:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
The Traitor in Chief would never help a country he hates.
I would do some study on that if I were you. Thank God  I'm not.
Amen
Barack Obama he's the worst President we have ever had!  This is why American aren't together now b
My god, quit blaming other people and do something constructive
We are in more danger from OBUMMER created national divide of the people
Obama graciously boyscouted our country, blame is a fool's hammock. @iamjohnoliver
Obama was trying to destroy our Country, and continues to with stirring up all the racist movements and working to overturn our President
Don't we have enough nuclear. Bombs to already destroy whole world
Me Bolton. What do you think is going on with these Ships. We had 96 ' Houseboat in Past and No away you would run into another????
This is true but he was very good and drawing lines in the sand
The GOP Government of Putin in  are so hateful. 8yrs of obstruction and blame. Did it cross your mind to help @BarackObama
Right on John!!
now that we have trump america will kick ass again and not kiss ass!! go trump go!!
I think your country is vulnerable because they let a toddler who throws temper tantrums every other day be president.
Bullshit.
And that so,80's walrus mustache,  REALLY!!!!!!!
.
Liar! He, Barack Obama, was a great President of the USA. You're a lousy liar and an untrustworthy human. What a shame for America
Obama is not in office Trump is. When is he going to make America great again?
So proud to have you as our president you do care what happens to us unlike the last president you hang in there and keep on doing for us
J'adore l'amerique c'est un pays puissant.
We didn't gave the world mad at us then
YOU are the problem
DENNY MCLAIN-Major Leagues Last 31 Game Winner..Peoria Illinois @North Woods Mall-Fri-Sun-10-7-"Free Pics" With Denny-
Because Obama was not a legal president.  He was put in office to destroy America. Now we have a real American president . President Trump
Traitor Obama hate the USA & did not care to protect our nation or her public, put in prison @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain

Just build a wall to keep the missiles out!
Absolutely!  He manipulated the whole country, and is still trying to get that third term.
Reality bolt from Mr Bolton, thank you, sir.
That must have been why it was billions where spent on the program during the Obama administration.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ground-Based_Midcourse_Defense …
 always make is someone else's fault..that's the oath? Obama walked into a MESS - don't forget that either. It's not an easy job!
LOVE YOUR COMMENTS, WISH YOU ARE BACK TO THE CABINET, WE NEED SMART PEOPLE LIKE YOU,
Barry Sotero caused alot of division in our country! Separated our country like no other!!...yes, I blame that pos MOOSLIM! #WakeUpAmerica
... or in needlessly provoking a sleeping dog called North Korea.
Yeah we will also never forget #Charlottesville 
Without north korea, our country and citizens are vulnerable from within the nation itself
Obama s objective to Christian USA be converted to Islam..his closing God bless America means Allahu Akbar .
Nailed it Obama is Muslim all the way & never was that grow up in America kind of Guy with American Apple Pie! A Traitor True & True!
Yeah...just keep deflecting, the whole world knows you and donald's cabinet are incompetent. Nepotism, or loyalty got you hired
Actually, our country is more vulnerable because we have a President and admin. With no morals.
smh
Obama did everything he could to ruin America He is such a hateful lying POS who has created this mess He stood with BLM NO OUR POLICE SHAME
I love how when I school ignorant liberals they desperately try to insult me. Lol. Little girl, please look up an RN salary in NYC #moron
@BarackObama did not believe in America #VoterFraud
Obama sold us out to Iran. He gave them money to do that!
We love you Mr President Trump
Your country and citizens are vulnerable because the Trumpster has to compensate for his *cough* small hands
Why are you lying @AmbJohnBolton ?

You right, he had the nerves to give other options a try! And had to deal with the worse financial crisis ever... handed by whom?
No, it's because the repubs in DC acted like brats and refused to do their jobs because they didnt want a black man as president.
Why is Obama, Hillary and several others still walking around free. If l did a third of what they have, l would be gone by now.
I will not forget.
We"paid"the equivalent of Muslim ransoms in 1700's to Korea"if only they wouldn't make nuclear weapons".Same to Iran. Same to Hitler 1930's
Except Obama put billions into upgrading and modernizing our defense system.

let's never forget YOU lied us into a war costing thousand of lives and billions of $$$
Correct fast,Assert US Supremacy on Pacific-make China solve NKorea,put spine in Philippines,back ASEAN&put nuclear arms in Japan,SKorea.
and Bill Clinton subsidized NK's nuclear program.
Thank you we can't let the people forget the mistakes Obama made and our president has to fix
Didnt need it because of @BarackObama
You mean the system that GWB said was IOC even though it just had it's first successful test in years? Good job turning ignorance into hate.
There was never a reason to.
There is no basis of fact in this statement. I would go as far as to call it a thoroughly disparaging lie. Please stop lying John.
It is clear you are obsessed with Obama . Just shows how insecure you are
Your involvement in our national defense has weakened this country for the next 100 years !
Sad.  Stop kicking Obama.   Your into the Blame game and you don't lead.
He was out to weaken us.
No, because of your hateful nature!
You don't need missiles for our Racoons...I mean i know they are a nuisance...but missiles? Talk about using a bazooka to kill a fly.
The Democrats have been fighting against missile defense for 40 years!
Nothing but egoistic delusions n Propaganda. US is vulnerable bcuz it's controlled by Satanic Psychopaths, every war is a lie & U R a Fool.
Let's never forget that you consistently regurgitate anything (true or not) you think will get you a POTUS retweet.
No...we are vulnerable because of the actions of the CIA and The milutary industrial complex.
Santa Maria, pray for us.  Interim sneaky..
If that's true, then fix it. You're in charge now. Lead!
Nah. We're vulnerable today because you're NUTS.
Pretty sure he wasn't openly threatening to nuke everyone either
Because that has been such a big issue for you right?
Stop spreading fake news!
The Country is vulnerable because our CURRENT president  says stupid things and blames others when he doesn't take responsibility.
Stupidist thing I have ever heard!
There are a lot of things you have forgotten. Telling the truth is one of them.
Also forget that Bolton HATES Obama = so his remarks are biased and meaningless - pretty much exactly like Trump as President!  PATHETIC!!!
YES
https://youtu.be/0STS7HBi5Cw 　　 http://p.twipple.jp/cLzQx 

@AmbJohnBolton @BarackObama
https://youtu.be/0STS7HBi5Cw 
He didnt need it because he was a diplomat. You cant talk yourself out of anything.

#scummydolts like you make us unsafe with ignorant rhetoric, factless rants and propaganda
Who R U kidding, The US has more weapons than any other. We can destroy everyone & the Earth how many x over? What do U have stock in? WAR?
Obama couldn't do that as he forced the migration of his fellow radical Muslims.
CAUSE HE HAS A FUCKING HEART. HES NOT GONNA JUST KILL INNOCENTS TO SAVE HIS OWN MESSED UP EMPIRE. WE ARE NOT A NATION. NATIONS DONT DIVIDE
Neocon says what???

Deporting illegal aliens by the hundreds everyone god damn day!
Just keep blaming everyone else.. that's what you do best !
Yea just keep blaming everyone else
We are vulnerable because we have a loose cannon in our otherwise well-functioning military - @potus
Those missles were dismantled YEARS ago. Remember the cylos they were in? Disarmiment? There must pass history test before anyone gets
Great job mr president stay stro
ng and keep america safe
And president Regan Star Wars was crazy stupid and would never work
Neither did George Bush
My President is Totally Right On
Regarding "All sides wrong" 
In Charlottesville Virginia. 
White is not RIGHT.
ALL THE COLORS MAKE WHITE!
Organizing all duties n actually doin the work of makin sure everything is clean and provided.Criminals&Psychomanics will be fired&locked up
Why were you marching in #CharlottesvilleVA?
We wouldn't need any missle defense if we work together,as the most strongest sensable head superior's,we gotta do this with or without him.
I sadly will never forget the evil agenda that the nazis did to our country
US has ships equipped with SM-3 missiles designed for ballistic missile defense.Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System
Let's never forget my President,
That you currently are the only one that has protection in the freedom of your speech and tweets.
The Global Agenda does not want a world at war when they create the global currency which China and International countries are looking for.
The number one reason North Korea will not strike: they will use The method Charlottesville VA. Democrats used. And due to the money change.
It would seem that Barak Obama won Charlottesville VA. Against the peaceful Federaly endorsed rally.
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama maybe it's because he wanted to maintain peace without intimidation and Barack wasnt giving +
+ anyone reason to hate Americans. Obama was peaceful and did not bully anyone unlike Trump.

Obama was the biggest threat to America -
I love how no one talks about how obama expanded the recon and intelligence part of our military. So you know what you know because of him
A weak President Obama was.
Why does everything go back to other people? Deflection at its best!
No John Bolton, your country and civilians are vulnerable today because your incumbent president Donald Trump.
Lol...you're also one goofy looking SOB.
Obviously Twitter folk know more about our countries issues than any ambassador... social justice warriors..and all.
Amen
Specifics, please.
And someone incapable of managing facial hair. Do you simg "I am the walrus" every day?
Hey johnny U are out of power and the UN is still there When you die the UN will still be there. The world has shown you to be an ignoramus.
Let us NOT FORGET THAT
Our Country is in a state of UNREST today because we have a fricken NARCISSIST at the HELM!!
That's exactly what I said Trump is a people's president, keep doing good president and ignore the media outlets there not that smart
The lack of missile defense not only belongs to Barack Obama but also all previous administrations.  
It's a shame we aren't better prepared
Yes I agreed w /u it has been 8 years wore the laughing stack, I sure hope president Trump restore our prides as an American
Mister Bolton:  please stop being belligerent.  The world wants peace.
I'm saddened by the lack of respectful dialogue.  The people need expressions of kindness as much as our Pres. does!
