I thought you were concerned about our national debt? I guess that was a lie too.
We still want to see your taxes & hope federal investigation going well into collusion, obstruction of justice, conflicts of interest, etc.

Needs so@eone like you to say  and to not even care and keep going. It's crazy world actually don't think what media says many think u 
Well that is good your taking care of the Vets they serve and get hurt to protect us I know because I'm one thanks.
R E S I G N!!!
Trump is a sick person I hope they still vote NO.  A SICK OLD PERSON WHO THINKS HE IS ABOVE THE LAW. Along with all his friends.
Never anything but abuse from u

IDIOT
Bills should pass on their own merit. Not attached to something of substance that helps people and hidden as a BS bill.
당신을 우리는 한국에서도 지켜보며 기도로 함께 응원하고 있습니다.당신으로 인하여 미국이 더 새로워지고 하나님의 축복이 넘쳐나길 기도합니다.
They both need to go!
You are clueless.. if that occurred the VA bill would have failed!!  Stupid is as trump does!
Thia is one of your most hairbrain ideas, bankrupt the US to get a bill passed?
What awesome power of Photoshop in enhancing one's imagery, while desecrating the image of another.
#KurdistanBlockade
#LockTrumpUp
Mitch McConnell & Paul Ryan are liberals pretending to be Republicans.  BOTH need to be removed - one way or the other.
I humbly suggest to the president get some loyal ppl to get your agenda done and who is the president backing for governor of tn
Keep up the great work Mr. President!
Keep blaming everybody else for everything and never take real responsibility for your job.
Lame
Bro try doing your own job
your VA bill creates MORE paper work MORE WAIT TIME..and lets be CLEAR it is NOT 4 CARE it is CLAIMS FOR DISABILITY
Outstanding idea buuutt congress doesn't have balls to stop spending and stop big business pork
it is a democracy, got it?
Great Thinking!
Until you reach your deserved god status, you're stuck w/the old white ppl at ur rallies who aren't fit to be in ur presence! #PraiseTrump
They both need to go
Soooooo you're the quintessential swamp creature?
Aren't Texas and Florida big trump states?  Just asking
I pray that you succeed at nothing while you serve as President. Putin is a much better leader.
You got one bill signed into legislation. ONE & you're still whining on Twitter. What an embarrassment. Mueller is coming. #ResignTrump
Habe Hunger bin Muslim komme aus Afghanistan
Could you also tie your impeachment in for easy approval? #impeach #25thAmendment #failureInChief
Wow, busy on the Twitter this morning!  Locked in the bathroom? Also very clear you have no idea how legislation works. #notsurprised
Who is this bearded monkey?bobby ape dunlap.
so in other words you wanted to FORCE people to do what you want? So much for the big deal maker! lol! what a joke!
They Both are Clueless
That is sneaky and crooked.  The American people deserve better than that.
Better run to twitter to tell everyone what a accomplished president you are.
Keep going trump , USA economy is doing good, returning USA to normal laws most countries tries have. nutters don't acknowledge and haters
RESIGN!!!!!
You have no idea how governing works. All you know is how to cheat and file bankruptcy.
Starting To Realize Paul Ryan Isn't As Enthused As He Say's About Helping President Trump Achieve His Goals ..Time For Ryan To Go.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr normally I feel bad when I see a bully picking on someone. But honestly, you two could have stopped this long ago
Bullies are chickens.  Running scared all the time.
Wonder how you'll look in stripes behind bars? For sure better than your current non-fitting knee length suit coats!
Put a cork in it, better yet a white sheet you racist!
#AlertTheDayCareStaff
I don't think you understand how any of this (or anything, really) works.
Uh...check the rules.
blah blah blah

I think Presidential Pardons are outdated.  Congress should declare a moratorium on Pardons and set up committees to study modernization.
You said we wouldn't pay for the wall..

your Tweet was quoted by @CNN

EASY doesn't equal quality. You'll do anything for RESULTS. We'll understand when it hits us between the eyes.
No comment
Professional politicians R "all talk & no action." What a bunch of worthless buffoons that we pay big bucks 4 doing zilch!
You didn't expect McConnell and Paul Ryan to do anything did You? Past history repeating itself. Traitors.
There is so much swamp to drain!  Let's get together to man the pumps!!!!!!
Just go ahead and fire Ryan
They'll do anything to avoid responsible budgeting. SHUT DOWN THE GOVERNMENT. He'll why not ELIMINATE non essential government.
Now who suffers, the Veterans again! All the anti Trump haters are not the least bit concern,  VOTE THEM OUT
What a dope you need to watch School House Rock at minimum. Get a clue
dude they're actual experienced politicians they probably know what they're doing better than you do
All the Republican Politicians stopping Trump are Liberals in Drag , anybody with half a brain knows this already.
Donald you can't attach non germane items to a bill in the senate.  Didn't you pay attention to HS Civics?????
@realDonaldTrump of course they did. You were elected cuz you aren't a corrupt politician -- regardless the political party. Jealous truth 

That's how we get horrible laws, piggybacking to get passed. If you can't get it passed, you need to take a closer look at it.
I request that you gtfo this country and stay out. Can't you go stay with Putty or something?
Your dirty little back door tricks don't work in Washington
Let the crybabies have their tantrum and keep on track with undoing the mess Obamass got us into. #STOPLIBERALBREEDING
You are asking for extortion. Tieing unrelated legislation is Pork Barrelling.
I agree 100%
NEVER TRUST RYAN.. Ever! McConnell with a watchful eye!
Thats the shit we hate
Because the VA Bill wouldn't have passed if you did. Are you truly that dense?
DITCH THE MITCH AND PAUL RYAN WHO R PART OF THE SWAMP. #MAGA 
WHY WOULD YOU LET GO OF SEBASTIAN GORKA .
Voters will fire the swamp dwellers.
Yep if they want to TAKE they HAVE TO GIVE!!
Dishonest
You should have requested that Mitch & Paul LEAVE OFFICE! When r u goin 2 learn they r HAMPERING UR DOINGS! Not trustworthy @ all! Dump 'em!
Two establishment swamp monster bums
What if they don't want too.?
ideas like this are why you have filed for bankruptcy time and time again. Please resign, you are ruining the country.
he is draining the swamp.Thanks Mr. President. You can handle this.!!!!
Hey Trump they planning to impeach your Ass..
stop hiding your agenda inside bills it's political suicide to vote against. Bad faith.SAD!
Unrelated and they know your advice is BAAAD!  They are Repubs but soooo much more savvy than POSTrump.
Let's tie your impeachment into it while we're at it as well #ImpeachNow
Mitch M & Paul R - Gee, I wonder who u r referring 2.
Bill riders are smarmy and unethical political blackmail (just imho), and I'm not at all surprised you tried this on a vets bill.  #Sad #POS
hilarious...still trying to take credit everyone knows no one respects you. they are in your presence to apply your bib.  Jail time!
Mr. President Trump!!! Our GOD!!!
So you were willing to screw up legislation for veterans to bully your agenda. Spoiled brat. Traitor to those that serve
Help Oregon. Law breaker Brown did this https://olis.leg.state.or.us/liz/2017R1/Downloads/MeasureDocument/SB719/ … can do based on hearsay
GOP ALWAYS WON IN PAST ALLOWING SHUTDOWNS. DEMS JUST WANT TO SPEND MORE MONEY. CALL DEMS BLUFF..Past shutdowns caused little bad overall

Dude the budget doesn't ride on the back of legislation it stand on its own! You continue to display your lack of knowledge. Looser, racist
Why not tie everything to the Texas relief that is coming I'm sure the Congress will pass this to save their necks in 2018
Time for ryan an mcconnell to let someone else do there job since they can't get the job done
This is your idea of governance?


Are helping vets or trying pass a dept ceiling bill
You have no idea how basic civics works.  Most ignorant and uninformed president - maybe high ranking public servant - ever.
Soros isnt the only one, clintons and obamas being funded by foreign nations. Who do u think runs this country? Needs to be Americans again.
Mr. President, evoke your power of the line item veto.  I feel each bill should stand on its own merit.  Get rid of the pork!
Y
You were supposed to be the Pres who disrupted corrupt career politicians and their habits, not support them.
That is not good information
Mr President  they are intentionally doing this to you and the American people. McConnell & Paul Ryan are establish & looking to stop you
So egotistical,"thanx for turning out?" wow..thanx for coming to Texas
Help texas and stop the more talk
No, that would have been the dumbest thing you've done so far. That's completely immoral. You need to resign so we can have a good president
Ignorant as usual. V.A. bill never would have passed, then more blame for U.  Brilliant idea.
Aw, poor cry-baby Trump! Why won't those folks listen 2 U? 'Cause they're not idiots & U don't know what U R talking about, perhaps?
Where you at my MAGA? Pick me up lol.
Also please go stare at the sun some more. Don't worry you won't go blind that's fake news
So your willing to risk a bill for the VA to try and get some other legislation past in a shady way instead of doing your job and finding a
True resolution to the debt ceiling issue?  Horrible...just horrible....
You were dropped on your head as a baby. Now neither bill will pass. You need strong medication and a shrink!
BOTH TRAITORS
ed krassenstien when will you realize you are nothing but a boy toy for the real Nazism on the left. Is george soros paying you?
Hope the Dems block it, just like the GOP blocked everything that Congress tried to pass under Obama!  Hope you can't pass any bills!
Disgusting of you to do that!   Debit ceiling legislation should stand alone.

I'd rather the Debt Ceiling legislation be tied to an actual #budget. Shame we don't do those anymore!
Ryan & Mitch owe too many favors to special interests & lobbyists to b loyal to PRES & party much less am ppl. SAD SWAMP
Because of you, a majority of this nation is suffering from schadenfreude syndrome..Thanks alot!! Anxiously awaiting YOUR next blunder!!
I request you leave office. and not for another trip to your golf course. More like a permanent vacation.
I appreciate USA electing non political leader. Hiding agenda so it can pass seems like a slippery politician. Stay true!
McConnell & Ryan should follow the lead of our POTUS instead of being useless roadblocks 2 the People's Choice. Dump the 2.
Sophomoric Dimwit.
Used their brains and did something different. (Just wanted to finish your thought for you)
If it's so popular it shouldn't need to be tied to anything.
Sad but true. The political whores, owned on both sides of the aisle wouldn't do a spending cap
Yes let's add some pork to this legislation
LYING RACIST TRAITOR Trump has lost his mind if he thinks Congress will jump under a bus for him. Does he even understand the debt ceiling?
