
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10208246584362229&id=1831459356 …
Nobody likes you
Of course they have made a fortune, while the American people suffer. ovomit is one of the most disgusting individuals in history.
So if they make less Americans will get better healthcare??
You think you’re the only one who’s filled your pockets? It’s been going on for years and you learned from them! What r u talking about?
How can small business receive a bailout, why does the government bailout just about every large business and has screwed small business....
the democratic party are in self destruct mode.
You're a joke... universal single payer Medicare for all!! Let's stop these companies from profiting anymore than they already have!!!!!!!!
Go play golf and stop fucking up the country
These folks blaming you for the disastrous health care, Ocare is Obama’s and it’s killing people because they have no insurance
If they have no insurance how are insurance companies making the profits trump is now whining about. You haven't got a clue! #ConJob #sucker
Seriously who the heck is Obamacare. INSURANCE COMPANY health care is not about health it’s about $$$$ Insurance $$
"Seriously who the heck is Obamacare" 
I don't know what you are trying to say here.
Obamacare is not a person. Obamacare is  PP & ACA law.
It’s about $ and insurance do you realize Ocare is about insurance co insuring people. Why is o care failing. Insurance Co not making $$$
But trump said: "Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits" so which is it?
All about PROFITS. Non care of patients are about Hospitals pharmacy Co and insurance making $ Trump had nothing to do with this O did this
Actually,most got insurance from Medicaid expansion.The"free market"exchanges for people w/o employer-sponsored plans was GOP/Heritage idea.
Insurance companies always benefit. Tell us something we do not know. Schmuck
Look at your little hands. Do you see blood yet?
I agree!
President Trump we are so glad your President..Please America is in great trouble the coverup is happening by FBI
Stop funding the insurance companies that make millions in profit. It's time to help small business. My company could use a bailout.
You missed the limit on of profit they could make. The money we spent underwrote insurance premiums for the poorest among us. You lie.
You need to get your lies straight. #LiarInChief
I all ready smart and dealt with it
Thank you Mr President Trump
The subsidies were both illegal & theft. Trump is following the law. The free market can finally work. Go Trump. #MAGA
Crump  you’re such a and so full of jealousy of your predecessor it’s a shame. Even if it hurts Americans stop Obamacare very hateful 
Donald Trump #RealAmericanPatriot #Barrack Obama #FakeAmerican
FATHER GOD THANK YOU FOR YOUR GRACE AND MERCY.  IN JESUS NAME AMEN
You don't understand at all how Obamacare (ACA) works, do you?
That's the problem with you son of a bitches. It isn't about money, it's about providing people with healthcare so they can live happy lives
At least they were forced to a minimum standard - you are removing that
Russian money has poured into the Trump foundation under the guise of democracy.
Lead by example and get smart your self. If can Grandpa..
And the lying pharmaceutical companies

U mean someone made more $ than you and didn't file bankruptcy 11 times? Shameful. And profits? Holy Joel Osteen, that's terrible!
Lies. Once again lies to fool the American people.
The people you’re hurting are in the states you won. Subsidies will continue but the middle class will be paying now instead of taxpayers.
You just check mated yourself, Mr. Art of the Deal. When junk insurance companies flood the market with cheap monthly premiums (1)
Great start but hospitals must stop over charging patients and insurance companies paying whatever the charge without question. Ridiculous! $800 for EKG that takes less than 5 minutes. At that rate it the EKG device would pay for itself in a week.
Your plate is full but why is the IRS Commissioner still in his job. This guy was at the head of this Agency while Lois Lerner was targeting
Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Free Market Healthcare
Like car home travel insurance
Non Government
Choice of Premium Options
Cost Effective
No Exemptions
No Carve out

Thank you for single payer
What's the incentive to deal with you? You're a back stabber who's painted himself into a corner. They're not going to save your ass.
@DippinDots is a highly profitable American company. Yay!
I got

So you are advocating single payer then? Great!!
Please have the WH cleaned up and unoccupied prior to Christmas.  Glad to hear that ACA was so successful.
Marino is killing americans do the right thing dont give him more power
Thank you Mr. President. You’re doing a heck of a damn good job. Don’t mind the liberals sir. They only mean to block your path to MAGA!
You’ve made off pretty well yourself receiving checks from our government to golf at your dusty hotels!
Get your head out of your a---we have always said Merry Christmas where have you been drinking your cool-aid
My tractor payment is 1592 per mo mortgage 1300 i get to eventually own those HC never stops draining the working man only gets more & more
So you admit that Obamacare is good for companies and good for the economy. Not to mention good for those covered. #ThanksObama
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Thank u Mr. President 4  working so hard 4 American ppl, we support u & appreciate all ur doing #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Dems can't get smart. They are too self-destructive, entitled and cocksure....i
Why don’t you try to approach them with a nice guesture and not insults
Total RIPoff!! I had to put up $559.00 out of pocket for an MRI that was performed on a 2003 GE machine. Vasectomy was only $200 more.
AGREE !!! THEM LIGHT WEIGHTS ALL THEY DO IS PLAY AROUND WHY CANT THEY  MEET U AT LEAST HALF WAY??? THEIR LOSERS !!
So they made more money. Isn't that part of their company mission? Millions more were insured with good plans. The money spent was impactful
Obamacare= pure hell but blaming it on insurance companies is crazy. Look at hospitals & physicians. It’s a trickle down situation.
More lies! Murderer!
Getting insurance under the rug for the ones who need it the must it is a SIN!!!  Might God have mercy on your soul!
They don't have the grey matter it would take to comprehend ! ..Sir.
STFU you complete & utter dumbass. Healthcare is nothing to play games & politics with. People die when people like you are involved. #liar
This is going to hang around your neck like a lead noose. Twist in the wind and watch as the polls beat you like a pinata. You own it now.
I am so proud of my president to be dismantling the regime of Obama bring America back to the Americans duty honor country

I guess you only want coal and oil companies to make a profit, right Little Hands?
Subpoena Orders Trump To Turn Over Documents From Assault Allegations
So, what happened to your big hardline negotiation with Big Pharma? Another Trump failure.
#Tesla is #CronyCapitalism taxpayers tired of fakebusiness & electric tales.
Yes! The oil company subsidies must be next!!!
Yea, just what you wanted. Take from the poor to give to the rich. You’re a scoundrel!!!
You think everything  is bad cause  Obama  had done something for people more then you ever done for the people that isn't on your side
Why cause Obama  and his family aren't going to  kissing your ass so you can't fire him so you think okay I will BASH him or someone that
Agree 100%
@POTUS U’re The Man cutting thru Political BS to Show US tax payers SwampCreatures getting rich off Obamacare & Congressional deals @VP @WSJ
It was another dem slush fund...
Trump solution to the problem stop subsidies to insurance companies and make the people to pay more.followers happy retweeting solution 
The only solution is Medicare for All! Talk to @SenSanders
Hm. You, in order to get back at Democrats and President Obama, are impacting millions of Americans, including your supporters. Sad.
Your reputation was always that of a man who never stuck to a deal (unpaid loans, contractors).Why would they trust you?
Remember your promise everyone will have great health insurance everyone's covered even if they can't afford it. Just another lie
You are a cumbucket Donnie
You are a liar and a hatefilled man. I cannot wait to see your downfall.


Still hell bent on ruining America huh?
Yup yuppers, indeed
Disgusting old man, can't do math, doesn't understand the subject matter, has no clue. Needs a nursing home. All male would be best.
Really? Americans are gouged by those same companies. Check out the BCBS head honcho salaries & see how those premium payments are used.
Trump doesn't care about the elderly an poor or ppl with preexisting conditions Trump  only care about his rich buddies
if you follow your logic a single payer is the solution and the answer to end the era of unfair profit just by being a middleman.
Thank You, again! What all the politicians since HillaryCare have refused to address; obscenely rising profits over American interests.
Nothing compared to what they made before the ACA Act!
Thank you...I will probably die now because I won't be able to afford my insurance
Thank God!
Taking money away from them takes money away from their employee. I thought jobs were important.
What your own book points out is "good deals" are one direction, can & should be manipulated, and screw the little guy. We R the little guys
Demorats will pout&trash thePres.4cutting the purse string2demorats for throwing away gov't$$$ just so they canBuy those votersFEEDBAGclosed
lololololololololololololololololol

Dems don't want to give up any control of their constituents. Pay no attention to the man(or woman) behind the curtain!
JFC They don't need more http://profit.You  http://animal.You  work for US. Not the fucking insurance companies worst potus ever
It's like taking SNAP away from the poor because Kroger made too much money...
Insurance companies have never opted for people or their pockets, only their own
Ignorance is unbecoming of a president.  Shameful.  Costing this country money, allies and Respect.
This because your own party is doing nothing?
Even if you take away EVERY Obama program.  You aren't a pimple on his behind--racist/sexist nincompoop who hates the poor.....
And you jave just condemed many people to either losing their healthcare, dying and/or going bankrupt.  This is also a job killing move.
maybe there lots of cockroaches in the bank......
Many I can,get my insurance back haven't had Insurance in 6 years

Think they have always made a fortune. Should be non-profit if you ask me.
i love your caracter president usa forever country for peace i m moroccon and if see my msg i hope to contact me its important sir
LOOPHOLES YOU _hole
Really,  How about profits flowing into the coffers of the Trump organization?
Thank you @twitter for not c280 him
Yes, the Dems must deal, but can they trust you? I think not.
10,000,000 reward if you can impeach the dotard..
I agree, but then they wouldn’t get those massive campaign donations from them.  Obama spent a lot of time with AARP TO WORK THINGS OUT .
Blackmailing Democrats won't do any good. They also answer to the voters. This is not the way win.
And an additional comment. Healthcare in the United States was destroyed long before you sir. You are the only hope ww have
So single payer, healthcare for all!  No insurance companies. You in?
Excellent ! Our POTUS IS MAKING THE EFFORTS to make American ppl happy! THANK you from all of us!  
No wonder so many of your businesses went bankrupt! You don't understand BUSINESS! Insurance wont lose $$, we will!

You need to get smart and stop destroying America or just resign and save us from your idiocy.
So if you're so worried about insurance companies getting rich why not single payer? Dictate the insurance companies options.
@POTUS another highly intelligent utterance from the minority elected president(i no proper nouns r capitols DJT hasn't earned it yet)
Nows the time to let you lead. You and the GOP. Make an offer worthy of Dems listening otherwise, STFU and deal with the GOP losers. LOSER.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse @PressSec
Liberals have w kinda sides on their brains.
Nothing right in the left side and nothing left in the right side. Losers!
Clinton's support for terrorism in Libya must be punished

Thats fucking hysterical Don!  You do realize that the ACA was set up to help the poor get healthcare.  Educate yourself !
NOTbecause of Obamacare. It's because doctors & insurance companies have made healthcare a HUGE for profit business.It used to be a calling

You just fucked over millions of Americans. The ones that needed help most.
Hey, Walking Obscenity, your whole agenda is trashing Obama's legacy. Won't make you a great man. Enjoy prison while he goes down in history
Thank you President Trump for placing America First before giving away $ to businesses who don't care about Americans.
You know this isn't a game, right? Playing with healthcare is actual life and death?
Thank you!
God bless you, Mr. President. help Brazil
Congrats! You and The President of  Virgin Islands are proud parents of TrumpCare! Otherwise known as DeathCare!
And people are all Praise Trump until they get their bill. That didn’t happen under Obamacare. When your #MAGA cult can’t pay the copay (2)
Fix it, then. What you did was hurt people. It didn’t fix anything.

Keep the pressure on the insurance companies; they are really good at being the smiling scoundrels! Go, Mr. President!
I have no respect for this fake president
What a fine man that Dr. Gu is, exposing you for all to see as a cheap con man callously harming fellow citizens.
There is a 10 million price on you go match it smarty pants no tax return
You are so done!
You are MORON!
Euphoria won't last for long. Wait until the President's action starts hurting the narrow constituency that he's trying to appease.
STOP LYING!! YOU ARE THE BIGGEST LIAR EVER TO HOLD THE OFFICE OF PRESIDENT
And when the poor in our nation turned to their false messiah his contorted mask of aberrant humanity melted away and spoke he, “Suffer!”
liar
Dems must get smart and resist your agenda to destroy our country. Repubs need to get smart about that too!
You mean TRUMP care is making Insurers rich at expense of USA people.  Thanks TRUMP for vindictive destruction. ALL GOP & Trump's fault.
But before you said that insurance companies were LOSING money. Which is it?
What the f#%# are you talking about? You’ve taken insurance away from disabled kids. You have zero empathy. No one will “deal” with you. GTH
Trump is the stupidest president ever
Healthcare should be about Health and care, not about insurance, paper pushing and bureaucracy!
