I'm not a Dem. I voted for you.  I can't believe you & GOP refuse to repeal Obamacare. A partial fix was Hillary's plan. 

Disgraceful!!
I am sorry. DJT never cared about it. He only cared about getting elected & taking what he could from the US. His ego is all he cares about.
I voted for DJT because HRC would have been far worse! Having said that, I'm encouraged by his return of power to the states. Not greedy.
Maybe that is the way it should go, by state, however, there should be federal guidelines for what needs to be available in it.
I agree about the states as well, but unless there is some sort of fed oversight the funds may not go to those that really need it.
Yes. The states can provide oversight, so can the fed plus the states have to have minimal things in it as stated by the fed gov't.
My gripe is this: why can't we buy health insurance like any other insurance? We need lots of competition & options to lower costs!
I would have to think it could be that simple, but the pols make it difficult. That is my feeling anyway.
Can you please publish a simple side by side comparison of both plans so we the citizens of USA can see why GOP will or will not work? #ACA
They don't want Americans to study their plan cause it's a dumpster fire 
Like Obama Care?
So no, it's nothing like Obama care...
Oh...forgot Obamacare isn't available or usable for most subscribers...insurers are not supporting this health "care" plan, costs are sky hi
Obama Care needs to go but a Obama like program falls short. We need
That is a lie & you know it. You are a liar & your dishonesty only enables & encourages the radical right to do the same. You're a disgrace
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your...
My Insurance plan cost before ACA was >1000 p/m
My Insurance plan cost today with ACA < 1000 p/m
And I my coverage is better.
I still have all my same doctors. Lied stop sabotaging it!?  Sad tiny handed man
Another Failure first you don't get a complete Muslim ban and Now you don't get Trump Care #DonTCare
Not just the Dems, GOP too
As for the Democrats, they should be ashamed of themselves. They are not true leaders but obstructionist, hypocrites, & selfish puppets.
Without insurance you only have the ER option unless you have enough cash to go to the Dr and the ER treat you like cattle
Like your lies? Keep your lying President. He will just take your insurance and you can use the emergency room as your doctor.  #AssClown
Fake news, orange man walking the mile.
So true !!! I lost my great policy and my doctor because of Obamacare !!! And I voted for Obama in 2008 !!! He lied to my face !!! MAGA !!!
We don't want a govt hcare plan!  Repeal Ocare and then get out of the way! The free market is what we want...no govt power trip & control.
Democrats on the titanic would have been saying keep your cabin, keep your meal plan… Everything's fine! Blub blub!
That was around the time YOU were assembling a team to go to Hawaii to investigate his birth certificate. Remember that? Hypocrite nutjob
Everyone is slamming your tax break for the 1% diguised as a healthcare plan. But, but, Obama. Take responsibility for this POS proposal.
While your base believes u won't screw them or God will take care of them. You've lied to them on both counts to line ur pockets
Let democrats defend obamacare and tell Americans  benefits and the thru about obamacare and compare. Point by point with new plan
Obama was a embarrassment
Republicans are sabotaging Obamacare to make the toxic Trumpcare more appealing.
Trumpcare is "keep your mortician, keep your plot." Just get to your grave a whole lot sooner. A death warrant for millions of Americans
Think about the disabled. Think about those with preexisting conditions. It's not just "lazy takers" like the right tries to sell us.
Dems wanted to go with single-payer or at least a public option. Had to base it on Romneycare due to conservative stance on universal HC.
Remember when you said you would defeat Isis in your 1st 30 days? 
You can't get healthcare passed because it's WORSE than Obamacare

Spill the beans ....
"with the right actions coming out of Washington to stabilize the market, the rate increase from Blue Cross NC would have been 5-6 percent"



Redistribute billions to the rich from the poor?
Some Rs with hearts and brains are doing the same. 
The cuts to Medicaid are killer. Really. They'll kill me. Thanks. 
#MedicaidMatters
100%?  Let's see data.

#resist.
Listen Up My fellow Americans. Until WE the tax payers start fighting back we are going g to lose our Country. We would have enough money




Democrats like Chealsea are already jumping on the Trump Train!!! Where else.
Obama lies that's what he did, he's a little man. Keep exposing them! #MAGA
President Obama says If you like your Doctor You can Keep Your Doctor WE REMEMBER!
We enjoy your morning tweets Mr President, please give us a dose right before bed too. DOUBLE DOWN!
Because the healthcare plan kicks off millions of people. Why aren't you negotiating with insurance companies?
You are supposedly this amazing negotiator and you haven't done anything but insult Democrats and support a horrible healthcare bill.
He's NOT an amazing ANYTHING!  The ultimate snake oil salesman.
Remember grab her by the pussy? SAD!
No matter what happens with this bill, you cannot blame dems-- @GOP wrote this bill UNILATERALLY and IN SECRET. This is on no one but YOU

Another lie further dividing the country. Those w/O-Care already see their own doctors & have access to tests & meds plus hospitalization...
You & your group of payed off ghouls want to rip that away w/no replacement & then lie about it. Plus, the whole Russian collusion thing.
P.S. You're the worst.
Remember "repeal Obamacare"?  Seems like you @GOP forgot what you promised.
I remember all the lies you have told.  It takes a lot of space, but I don't forget.
They have to keep their constituents enslaved and dependent on the system. If they break free, they have no voting base. #MAGA #lockherup

Obamacare is another massive Dem failure, they're in serious denial 
Obama will be known for telling the single biggest lie in the history of American politics

Obamacare is so popular, citizens paid billions of dollars to NOT SIGN UP 

This is a bot spewing nonsense.  Obamacare was set for record enrollment in January until trump started to destroy it
2018 is going to be the worse year for republicans and your dimwitted trumpkin voters of record. pity people will die to sack the GOP senate
Ask cruel crusty old cruz why trumpcare probably wont pass anyway, because ted the braindead cruz wants an even MEANER Trumpcare plan, Sick!
You can it #MEAN then celebrate it. you are one very strange and incoherent contradiction unto yourself. Keep your promise and help the sick
Your voters will not abandon u even though alot! of them are going to suffer the most from your #MEAN health care plan. they really are dumb
#ObamaDontPlayThatShit #ObamaFlipsOffARealPussy
How about we throw you! in the Trash and Keep/Repair #Obamacare. now that! sounds like a plan we can all get behind
#ClownInAsuit
You are going to kill 24 million people and give billions to your rich ass friends in the process
Billions in tax breaks for the 1%, very bad Don. This is why your approval ratings are at rock bottom
How did those 24 million survive before Ocare? Scaremongering is the only tactic the left has. Hcare will b more affordable, not free.
They flooded the ER.  They went to the few free clinics.  They didn't see a doctor at all because they couldn't afford it.
But as long as you're covered, right Larry?  

Your compassion is astounding.
Their lives don't matter! As long as they get rid of everything Obama did, and get their tax breaks, they're content.
Do you think they've ever heard the phrase, "you can't take it with you?"
Don't tell them that. You know of his history of scams, under-paying and lies, so stealing wouldn't be a surprise!
It's #saturdaymorning; do you know where your President is?  ... well, probably on Twitter saying something silly
So increasing Obamacare premiums are silly? And I know people it's happening to. That's what's silly.
You are doing all you can to sabotage it.  You're hurting sick people and the elderly.  How does that feel?
Don't you read any reports at all? Guess you're having fun playing king  or dictator, Absolutely useless or better yet stupidly dangerous
Remember "I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid." -Trump, October 30, 2015. By slashing $800B from it. That's not saving, that's killing
For every 1M people who lose health insurance, about 1,300 people nationwide could die early, according to an Annals Of Internal Medicine.
Kept my doctor, specialist & gyro. on ObamaCare, premium went from &804 to $351/mo with NO subsidy or tax credit.
Idiot
My insurance doubled.  HELP!  My life's work should be more about living .... not saving to get sick...
My family never had insurance until Obama care. With Republican plan they will be back to square one.
To bad but looks like you lose again
Seriously Donny.....What are you....12???  GROW UP!
Me president I would ask that all elected officials use the same insurance that all Americans have to use and pay for it themselves.
I remember. Also I remember a lot places declined coverage or limiting coverage for the ACA. I wonder why. 
滚犊子
You should be ashamed of yourself. This plan will benefit the rich and allow poor people to die. #Resign
You are an imbicil. How did your Daddy get you into Wharton?????
Tell us how will Obamacare be replaced if some Senators are Nays about it?
It does not give those who work the free markets choices we want and we're promised. We do not want govt healthcare
If your plan was so great, it wouldn't be an issue.  Everyone would get behind it. Your plan sucks and everyone knows it.
Even the GOP knows it but their hand is forced because of your campaign promise. Not voting yes makes the party look as bad as it is.
Remember no cuts (see Webster's for definition, you don't get to redefine the word) in MedicAid and Medicare?
What the hell is wrong wit u 22 million will have no insurance because u
Democrats always live in the state of their own denial They know that Obamacare was & is the worst thing ever, but will they admit it..NO!
Stop lying! Tell the truth to these idiots still swallowing your BS!
Is that all you can do is cry and tweet? Pack your shit and let a real man run the country
I'm sick of your 4th grade Tantrums, Trump this Trump that. You would see the most evil woman  be president, says a lot about you
Your plan is just as bad or worse and will not pass!
Obamacare is still 100 percent better than what you are proposing
Over 100%? Hardly.
Why aren't you selling the plan to the American people? Obama did it & we just nodded our heads & lost our Dr, our plan & premiums went up!
Remember U said you had a great plan - wouldn't touch Medicare or Medicaid or Social Security- another lie
Remember NO cuts to medicare, oh that was you 
Get your head out of the sand!!!!
I'm 51and pay 20,000 out of pocket each year for family coverage. If it goes up with an age tax, I'm gonna have a hard time voting GOP after
Why can't neither party present a health care bill for "Ordinary American People " a "Universal health care system Bill " # No more excuses
Remember "you have to pass it to see what's in it"? JUST ABOLISH THE DAMN THING! #tcot #tlot #teaparty @FriscoTeaParty @marklevinshow
Trumpcare is just giving people lobotomies, isn't it? I mean, it'd certainly explain you. By your idiocy, you've CLEARLY had a lobotomy.
Your plan gives people the freedom to die. Just mean and heartless.
Yup keep your dr keep your plan but can't afford the monthly payments.   A-hole you are !!!!
Church condemns #GOP plan to take healthcare from needy to fund tax cuts for wealthy, warn against #trumpcare
Umm... i don't recall my aca premium going up 100%. So, u lie... u only give information that benifits your narrative.
Get the government out if medical insurance,  all together!!!!
Trumpcare has lifetime caps, a much bigger issue than rising rates, pricey coverage > no coverage
LIAR, LIAR PANTS ON FIRE.
You will gut Medicaid and Medicare to pass a trillion dollar tax cut.
Because they have all the power. The question is why? They're already so rich and if the destroy the lower class, what's left?
I just don't understand it. If they destroy the working poor and middle class and our disabled and elderly, who do they think will pay?
When you think of how the cost translates into real dollars after taxes. it is just horribly mean.
Why not just repeal? We don't want govt mandated HC. Thank you.
It began imploding last year. Even Clinton said it. People need to do their homework and stop accepting the lies. Dems are telling tales.
That is the same thing obama said to about obama care scam. You are just changing the name trump care scam
Remember "I won't cut Medicare/social security"?
You lie every time you open your mouth. I give u the respect u deserve. 0
90% of Americans can't afford it now because of the wage/product/cost of living gap...how the fuck are they gonna afford higher cost?
Democrats know the truth about your party's healthcare bill that is why they are speaking out.
But we won't be able to keep our money
Long live President Obama!
Stroke your ego and they get whatever they want. When they do, they won't protect you anymore.
you solve that by giving most people no plan traitor
I thought Obamacare included stopping the fraudulent charges. We could cover everyone if we stop the scams.
Remember you promising better and cheaper healthcare for all not just tax cuts for the rich?  What happened there? #trumpcarekills
The big issue is existing health issues being covered
Democrats need to look down to Cuba and they social medicine project that will be great for this leftists to understand that doesn't work ok
Remember when you said you would not cut medicaid but are now parading a plan that will throw millions of poor kids& elderly off healthcare?
The Senate plan benefits the rich and dumps the poor. Shame on you for supporting something that hurts the people who trusted you
American Medical Association, #AARP and all religions reject #trumpcare, #GOP still pushing tax cut for rich
It sucks!
If your doctor or insurance dropped you because if aca its because they care more about making money than making you well.
Remember your promising of universal healthcare? And that you'd leave your family business behind? And not take vacations like Obama did?
Tax cuts for rich FAILURE!

VA WhistleblowerTarrefSimon
Are allthese protests adistraction fromsomething else?Rep been destroyedforspeakingtruth https://youtu.be/UZ1we00dr4k 
Keep on lying!  It's the only thing you're capable of!
remember you promising not to gut Medicaid and SS?
Did you  have someone read the SB to you? We  know the words are big. Can you not see that older Americans, could  pay 16% of their income
Obama put 23 million able-bodied adults on Medicaid. Medicaid is not health insurance, it's welfare.
Remember your promises? No one loses coverage, no medicare or medicaid cuts, better coverage than ACA. So you'll veto current bill then?
I, fortunately was able to stay with my company ins @ retirement. But ocare restricts my doctor.
#Econ101

What's the most economically-sound way to stabilize health insurance premiums and deductibles?

Have a single insurance pool.
What does "single insurance pool" really mean?

#SinglePayer  aka - #UniversalHealthcare
Remember we're going to cover everyone, even if it costs you votes, and protect medicaid, medicare--have to do it? Your memory is very poor.
Maby Alzheimer??????
Another Trumped up lie
You make Idi Amin look like a competent leader
Remember when you said you would not touch Medicaid, social security; everyone would have healthcare! Liar!
And if your going to go there, let's remember you said you'll cover more people, with more coverage, for less cost.
Obama care is only failing because republicans won't put the money in to fix it
So probably shouldn't mention Ted Cruz and his role in making sure that Obamacare would fail via removal of risk corridors eh?
Right...except my doctor moved to another city because of Obamacare-lessness.
I don't trust doctors. Samir Shakfeh and T. Hunter Newsom did it to me.
I don't care what Dr I get but if you cut OC I won't get my asthma meds, others will die
Honey Bun, do you remember "nocuts to Medicaid or Social Security". Racking my brains to think of who said that!  Do you remember?
Do you even know how insurance works? Thank the republicans for increases and why are the red states the ones losing coverage? Hmmm..
Like you have kept your promises!! Just say you hate black people and every other race and it will make you feel better.
@realDonaldTrump please help @ShivaForSenate defeat @SenWarren and tell @DiehlForSenate (fraud) to drop out of this race
perfect retort.  This was their 'bright' idea in the first place, now they don't like it? duh, since it's not in their control, hahahahaha
Another of Trump's "crying about Obama" tweets.  

You sabotaged Obamacare so that it would fail.

Trumpcare is not what you promised Amer.
A    hole
Did you even READ the senate's proposed bill?!!
If you DID then you wouldn't even be saying such nonsense sense!
Remember your promise not to cut medicaid?
Easier to change drs than lose coverage. You said healthcare for all, no cuts to Medicaid & more lies with more consequence. #TrumpCareKills
The only places the ACA Is failing are in red states where senators and reps have worked hard to get the governors to screw over their own
YOUR PLAN IS FOR RICH AS USUAL  WHAT HAPPENED TO NOT TOUCHING MEDACADE  ANOTHER LIE FROM U AS USUALL
Keep your own doctor&Affordable never happened.
Ppl who couldt afford any health care where charged for health care they could not afford.
Mr President, are your staff not allowing you to tweet any more at all? And who is this hack typing in your place?
We all know it is because you are threating not to find the exchanges
BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER Goes Ballistic On Maxine Waters: “People are tired with your hate and your racism!” [Video]
Get your facts straight. We know truth is your challenge.
The reason the premiums on Obamacare is so high is because the republicans wanted that way so they could repeal it. They could have fixed it
