I voted for you bc you said you would not forget us forgotten ones Well just like the demecrats you forgotten us and it's all about the rich
He was lying as he did with everything else.  That's why we wanted nothing to do with him. Except for Carson, he was the worst of the lot.
I'm very disappointed..he said what he had too for the votes, exactly like the rest of the politicians. That angers me..thanks....
Your honesty is truly respected! He took advantage of his supporters & continues to do soI didn't think he was going to be this bad.
Thanks. I truly was a Trump supporter but he's left us, We the people just flapping around like a bag in the wind...
It's been 100 days... Chillax, he's delivered on a lot already. Blame his corrupt republican congress.
Really, delivered what...
MuslimBan?
DefundPP?
Repeal&Replace?
DefundSanctuaryCities?
Wall?
LockHerUp?
Jobs?
DrainTheSwamp?
FBI Investi
Muslim ban blocked by Hawaiian judge
Repeal -> blame Paul Ryan
Sanctuary cities blocked by judge 
Wall-> watch Spicer presser 
400k announce
NOBODY can read tax bill! appalling! 
IMPEACH is sounding great!
IMPEACH!
We love our PRESIDENT:) final grade A+  forgotten America is no longer forgotten!!
Who forgot America?
Obama!
I'd like to know exactly how you think Obama forgot America. Facts. I'll wait.
You're joking right? What did he do that made your life better I lost my doctor, I lost my plan, I lost tax deductions, paid more for less
Really? You did a CBO analysis of the bill which isn't a law?
for once could the government actually work on the flat tax or fair tax?
Price tag irrelevant just look at health care tax
Excellent 
How about you release your returns so the public can see how much YOU AND Yours will benefit from the new reductions and reforma
cry me a river
You ought to be crying... that is your government funds that is going to be given away fraudulently to Trump and his buddies
that's the money that should fund American education, innovation in science and health care.
No funding of illegals. I'd rather burn my cash.
The general American public are illegals? #what?
AND REVEALING YOUR TAXES
Hope I don't have to pay more
Coupled with large scale military defund and investment into infrastructure and clean sustainable living and common good funding??#letmeknow
OK! WELL ! BUT WRONG WITH RISKS OF NUCLEAR WARS! WE WANT TO LIVE IN PEACE AND HEALTH AND STATE PRESIDENTS THAT THINK THAT!
NO WARS!
PEACE... PEACE.... PEACE!
I noticed you left out “Tax Returns”
Awesome
Thank you for saving America.  Thank you for all your hard work.
Thank you for loving your country and bringing back that patriotic spirit.
I look forward to how you're going to make things even easier for your rich pals. While saying you care about middle class.
Ignore the haters, Donald and full steam ahead! The "commies" are going to have to get some blood on their hands to win!
Speaking of TAXES
Where are yours?
#SaturdayMorning
#AMJoy
#TrumpRussia
If you want to keep the economy strong, just do what President Obama did for 8 years.
#SaturdayMorning
#AMJoy
Your first 100 days are shaping up to be kind of a flop.
#SaturdayMorning
#AMJoy
Hey, remember this tweet?
When is any of this gonna happen?
Is anyone tired of winning yet?
#SaturdayMorning
#AMJoy
Just a reminder, y'all.
#TrumpRussia
#SaturdayMorning
#TheResistance 
#AMJoy
Remember the last president is being investigated for treason
No.
He's not.
Stop making shit up.
Exactly.  Damn Trumplicans, lies lies lies. Would not know truth if it slapped them in the face#
Show us your tax returns, popular vote loser
Um, no..and just to summarize it again, Trump WON...Not Hitlery
That last part never fails to trigger you guys. So predictable!
He won he's president u can't wish it away. Better look for someone in 2020. Ohhhhhhhh u have no one
Yeah, sure.....
Same precidure as last week, mr trump???
@BOTUS buy buy buy
Rather pay more if it meant you and your cronies were sent packing.
Distract! @ABC: NEW: Trump approaches his 100th day in office with lowest approval (cont) http://tl.gd/nnmi59 
No more tax breaks for @facebook and @Google

Let's hope it means those earning over $200,000 a year pay higher taxes.
For the 1%.
Why wait til Wednesday, you have had since Nov 9th to start working on it





Funny you have to photoshop Clinton supporters faces into this meme.
It's announced now, isn't it? What's the meaning of such obsolete Tweet?
for the wealthiest 1%?

Rich...get richer.

Poor...enjoy your free MAGA hat.
How about showing your taxes?  Then we can find out how much you benefit from your scams.
Big is our form in this. Our ducking away isn't a dance. Stay.
Tax reduction for the billionaires!
Always negativity here.
please dont hold your breath!
Any updates on this?
Where are your taxes so w know you are not creating loopholes for personal gain? Really simple to prove us wrong... show your taxes #maga #Ω

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
How about releasing your taxes!!!!
It amazes me if it was anyone else people would be yelling and screaming. But to his followers it's ok that he don't pay taxes. The
The Rachel Maddow release showed he paid $25 million. That's more than you'll make in your life.
I believe that was his 2005 tax return, hardly relevant in 2017..?
he paid more in taxes than the savior Bernie Sanders has his entire life and employed thousands that pay taxes. It is relevant
And when did he employ thousands? I know his winery where I live he has not employed Americans, he employed foreigners. 50 three weeks ago
I'm against pres 28-34, 36-45 non of them stood up to the federal reserve and the debt they created for the American people and the world.
And will get higher
Starting a betting pool. Who wants to bet that Trump's tax cuts are directed specifically at aiding the rich?
Of course this will happen. Wonder if his voters will care or even notice. #RiseUp #Resist #HistoryHasItsEyesOnUs
It doesn't matter if they do. Even Republicans acknowledge Trump as an incompetent idiot. Doesn't mean they want to lose their puppet.
Only way we'll be able to get rid of Trump is either a mass social revolution, the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation turns up something, or he dies.
In the event of the latter, he'll probably take out the entire world with him. We need to keep his twitter finger away from the red button
Let's start by cutting out your weekend trips to golf.
Are you going to announce that you're not going to any of your golf courses for the rest of your short presidency?
Jealous, that he owns those golf courses? & in 8 yrs when he leaves office, you will be, still you, & he will the greatest President ever!
Great leaders do great things. He hasn't done crap yet.
Saved jobs, that Obama threw away, cleaning of Flint water that Obama refused to clean for three years, becausehis EPA helped to pollute it
that poisoned the Flint water  and it was a Republican Congress that didn't want to pay for it. Obama saved GM and Chrysler.
You're nutsThe Republicans didnt have control of houses & Obama did nothing 4 3yrs.However, my PRESIDENT met with GM & Chrysler & saved jobs
Trump took credit for the Ford deal that was done under Obama in 2015 get real,  Trump hasn't done anything in almost 100 days in office
#MAGA still full of #hope and #belief, @Potus. U are selling their #dreams to enrich #family and friends. Is it #nice?
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday....
NOTE: MARK CUBANS PROACTIVE MOVE TO HELP PR!!!!
Speaking of tax when will Trump relece you tax returns?
how did we elect one of the most immoral semi- human creatures to be president - i apologize to the world!!! he fouls the air we breathe....
Show us your damn taxes
and  BIGGEST DEFICIT EVER! well done donnie!!!
Fuck you
Then moved to different country then
Go make your all white, no immigrants allowed, fake Christian, anti-government on some island so you can all go extinct.
You really need to read  history books not leftism schools
I have a degree in history, thanks!
In what leftism history books 
They are full of facts, so I can see why you would call them that.
so glad im not buying a house w/mortgage...and pray i will ever get very sick...and thank god i dont have a school loan!
Tax cuts help us all!   We are a very small corporation and are not rich at all and it will help us greatly
most important! your business WILL BENEFIT $$$ GREATLY!!! gosh you’re shot w luck!
maybe but people see you are a mean SADISTIC self absorbed man, who attzckes his congress cabinet govt and CITIZENS even son in law. a BAD guy!
Hey boss, wasn't hiring freeze for essential gov't workers lifted? Then why is housekeeping hiring freeze still in effect???
AMERICA YOU STILL THINK TRUMP LOVES YOU!!!!    you cannot even have internet you want!  big business gets what they want $$$$$ —— do you guys STILL believe him BEND OVER
YOU MAKE ALL OF US SAD AND TIRED.  Nicaragua really...???
mr president you need to empower we d youth of nigerians  , so that we can change d corrupt leaders.stop given them cash
trump - you LOVE TO GRANDSTAND REGARDLESS OF HOW IT IMPACTS LIVING BEINGS! 
how long can we bear you as president? omg?
guess adellson the rich contributor is happy now !
.@justinamash Wonder how this may benefit Trump personally.  If we had his tax returns we might know.  Bet it will explode the deficit too.
Agreed.  I like low taxes.  I also like police, firefighters, teachers, soldiers, cancer research, roads, safe food, and low debt.
Would be nice if government was more efficient.
You could contract a lot of those jobs out to the private sector for less money
Socialism does not work, Europe is a good argument for that
@EricTrump you betcha !!! You are on a roll , keep up the good work mr trump!!!!
Like himself and guess who's going 2 pay for them 2 go and play golf (like we are now paying) everyday? We will
simmer down Michelle! Let's see what the future brings -one of us is right !
I see what the future brings. 45 says to middle class abd poor every day "screw you" that's why he's #45 he did this only for himself and
yup ! Another libral on twitter with an open mind ! #MAGA
A smart mind. And yes I'm liberal. If I was conservative I would be embarrassed to follow a man like 45.
and I'm a proud trump supporter #deplorable #lock her up #drain the swamp
Certainly are one uneducated woman
You mean like the elimination of the estate tax which will save you and your establishment friends billions of dollars?
…or lower corporate taxes? If your voters really think you're going to give middle Americans tax cuts, they're fooling themselves (again).
Looks like you broke your "contacts" to your voters. Does this mean we can kick you out now?
Liberal wet dream
This will be a huge #win for #American househiolds and small businesses, and will stimulate #economy resulting in more #revenue collected.
Delusional much? Won't stimulate nothing except rich people. Us poor will have to pay for them. Economy will go downhill
Relieving the tax burden also stimulates small business growth. I suppose you also think water isn't wet and that healthcare should be free.
Yeah right. Tell that to another dumb person. I'm educated and own my own business. I know the difference between tax breaks and just not
Your position on #taxes makes it impossible to believe that you are a "successful" business owner. "Educated"? Perhaps but with false facts.
Don't you mean bigly.
For who? Your wealthy friends? Haha dont makr me laugh you #chowderhead
Nice!! Let us keep more of our money
Yeah we known. Tax reform to reduce taxes for your wealthy friends, for your family, & yourself!
#ilegalpotus!
where are yours
Show us your taxes monkey
Distraction. Russia. Treason. Prison time for you and yours. Yay.
Tax returns
your plan will result in you paying 31 million dollars Less in taxes a year.  Something's not right about this
It's Monday. How's that tax bill coming along?
#ToddlerInChief
#TaxReform
#PleaseDontBeSoDumb
#MAGA
More taxes for the middle class and poor and big tax breaks for you. Pathetic! EVIL!
See you summed trumps tax plan in one sentence. Trumps to stupid to tell the truth. Lies take longet
Tax reform that will make the richest ppl, like yourself & family, who don't pay their fair share of taxes now, more rich & tax poor more
Steal from the poor to give the rich tax breaks. THIEF
FOR WHO???????
BLAH! Something else for your rich buddies you're trying to push through. This will fail too. Worst presidency ever!!!!
Great day
Wish I were rich in order to benefit from it. *sigh*
I know you're excited to cut your own taxes.
All capital letters does not make it impressive or important!
Where's your taxes?
How about releasing your tax return next Wednesday? Start there. Ordinary American people  are waiting.
Mr. Trump please look again into the national sales tax studies.
We're holding you to it!  Remember he put you in an office, as deplorable's!
We are watching what the cuts will be for you and the other 1%.
You will get us in a trumped up war. You deserve to be thrown out now. 100 days are a joke. Nothing has been done. You are a Failure!!!!!!!!
I hope your not going to be an war president like bush jr! There will never be pace without god! God is the only one can make pace within
Bullshit
hope so!
Oh good. Our deficit is too small as it currently stands.
YOU ARE FIRED
don't worry about the "100 day" thing the press is consumed with. Take your time and get it right. IMHO
Just like the BIG repeal and replace????
Should offer work incentive tax instead or set taxes according to pay i.e. <25000 annually 5%:  >25000 but <50000 say 7% and so on
@potus said the exact same thing last week.  We are 100% against your tax reform until you reveal your tax returns.
Your tax plan don't help me
Oh yeah? Looking forward to hearing how this works out! My guess is lower taxes for the 1%.
Just shut down the IRS and abolish the income tax
Not for your base.
Now we will, pay fewer taxes and have fewer services as our cost of living goes higher. Same old cycle.. Been here done that. Never worked.
Let me guess...it will help the 1% & hurt everyone else. Since yr hiding yr taxes, seems a safe assumption 
#Resist Greed
#NO
YOU CANNOT BE TRUSTED WITH TAX REFORM
YOU WON'T EVEN RELEASE YOUR PROMISED TAX RETURNS
thay tax'ed me for my cash and now no payment?
Where are your taxes?
Release ur taxes that's what u have to do#fakepresident
Will working poor pay more taxes? How about what is left of the middle class?
... for the very rich.
It'll be the best! It'll be huge.....for your family and corporations!
Big announcement today? You're releasing your tax returns? FINALLY. #dolt
GFY
Which only pertains to the already rich. Quit rubbing it in our faces

he needs to go to jail ya
You forgot, "for the Rich". Not all of us are that dumb to think you care about anyone but yourself.
More lies , false hope and more lies , when is president bannon going to start fixing things and winning , all we see is losing #real news
BIG would be you releasing your tax returns from LAST YEAR.  IDGAF about >10yrs ago.
the first and most important question is how much money does Trump and his family stand to make from this proposal?
Millions upon millions of us out here support you. Daily garbage spewed from brainwashed, paid off, koolaid drinking liberals matters not.
...and where are yours??????
get rid of the obamacare tax law!!
Should read "tax reduction- NOT  for the people who need it, my family and rich friends only"
let me guess. Tax cuts for the rich @realdonaldtrump? Trickle down was a disaster with Reagan.
Show us your damn tax returns you fraud
What about the healthcare plan? 
Btw, how are your fake numbers doing?
Hillary beat you in the popular vote.
Never forget.
For the wealthy on the backs of the middle class
How much are you gonna save?
Tax reform will not move forward until we see YOUR tax returns. It will be another TRUMP FAIL!!
Why is it that tax payers spend less time in jail and prison? Why is it that non tax payers have higher death and imprisonment records?
What u mean is tax cuts for big corporations who rake money in hand over fist, not tax cuts for average folks who actually need a break.
Yeh.  We'll see. Tax reductions for who? You?
For the rich?
Is there a section that covers you releasing your tax returns?
But no tax returns? You're a coward. #DonaldTrumpLies
I hope the well off will be paying their fair share. The people who make less than 25k r paying far to much, with no tax breaks
Cutting corporate taxes to %15 is unacceptable when the middle class pays more than that.  If anything you should cut the middle class taxes
What a jackass!
We have a $20T deficit thanks to Repubes in Congress, so US can't afford cuts. If you want cred with citizens, release your taxes!
SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS FIRST BEFORE PASSING ANY TAX REFORM FOR THE 1%ers!
Yeah. Big tax cuts for the already wealthy. You are a sham populist and are only out to enrich yourself and your big-money cronies.
Hurray.thanku president trump.we middleclass really need a tax break.thanku sir
To b clear on trump plan: billionaire w/S corp gets tax rate=15%. Single person making $38,000 gets tax rate=25%+7.65% payroll tax.#justmean
Like border wall paid by Mexico, Obamacare?
Did NOTHING in 1st 100 days, GOP had to change the law to get Gorsuch (whatever) in...Now you're scrambling?? NOGAF about Wednesday, LOL...
thank you its about time we get some tax relief
I highly doubt it. You have failed repeatedly to gain consensus within your own party. Also, where are your tax returns?
{{sigh}} 
Nope. 
You will sign another meaningless EO that (if you can read it) will say "l hereby tell you to think about tax reform!"
.@realDonaldTrump No moral right to even discuss tax reform until we see your tax returns. You can't be trusted not to line your own pocket.
The #RESISTANCE is proving you to be the fraud that you are. Con-Man and Carnival Barking Buffoon. Tax credit for you and yours-Great?????
President Sessions thinks he is in charge. Cruel and mean spirited he gets all his facts wrong and makes you look callous.
For you and your cronies. Your tax plan will hurt middle class, single parents, and caregivers. You, Sir, suck all the donkey balls.
Reduction for the 1% only
Where are yours?
Tax reductions for who?
Nice. So tired of working and 53% of my pay going to government and not my pocket
Fat chance. Your announcements of announcements have a pretty bad track record.
Is that when we see your tax returns?  Everything is BIG with you including your butt.
give awys to the rich? or closeing all loop holes ..evan to realestate mongles who don't show there taxes
get rid of sales tax for all houses valued under $300,000
Another con job by the con artist
looking forward to it you doing a great job ignore the haters angry little trolls
