I feel soooooo bad for them #irmarelief
And what are you doing to help?
And Mexico. Say it bozo
#Debt which you left them holding the bag
So help them already. Lift the Jones Act
...You're the biggest failure ever to take over OUR oval office , that why you lost the election , everyone knew you'd fail
You would think with his supposed wealth he could afford to buy a clue. What an embarrassment to our country. Sad
Pres T, as supporter, focus here. No judgment on how their doing! Your duty is to speak to how you intend to mitigate the suffering. Do it!
Bloomberg just reported Puerto Rico just gave $113,000,000 bonus to present & past gov employees and cancelled contacts to turn power on
Texas is not ok because Houston got more attention than a town that was wiped off the map.
Suffering partially because of the 33 million dollar debt you left them when you filed bankruptcy on golf course there. Worst businessman!
fix it fool - These are all Americans!
Then what's the plan to resuscitate 
It is a territory of America
Fresenius a dialysis provider who
has 28 clinics in Puerto Rico were
helped by the US Navy & Coast Guard
by doing the dialysis on ships...
Railroad already a dangerous job then they got these guys going places they've never been and TIRED ! I pray ALOT! FIX IT BUFFET IT'S WRONG

Really?  Texas and Florida are doing great.  You best check that out.  Many in Texas still have no homes.  Just because you visited and did a few photo ops does not mean they're doing great.
"Trump International Golf Club Puerto Rico....defaulted on millions of government-backed bonds in 2015."
That's hard to believe, anywhere he goes turns to gold!
Weird, Houston fucked up in their flood preparedness but not getting victim blamed. I'd love to know why the Navy hasn't been sent to PR yet
Say something for helping them now Mr President.
Are you including the $33 mil debt you left Puerto Rico with when you claimed bankruptcy on your golf course
Right before you ran for president oh you forgot about that huh
Ya think?
You're more worried about football players disrespecting a flag than you are about helping people who are w/o homes, water, food & utilities

How does it feel to leave all those people without food, water or shelter? How many have died? There are so few reports, is it being hushed?
Sir; considering Puerto Rico is PART OF THE U.S.A- NOT a foreign Country- how is it you refuse to waive shipping restrictions?? DESPICABLE!
I never see a SUPER EVIL & SUPER STUPID President like you Donald.Instead of quickly sending help to Puerto Rico, u're bullshitting around.
Prayers! 
he left out his golf course going bankrupt and leaving Puerto Rico 33 million more in debt
Yea let's forget they invested in a golf course business!A business that failed it happens!Sometimes  investments fail!It's part of the risk
Look up how many times he went bankrupt and how many times so he didn't have to pay his contractors
I don't really care . He was much better choice the hillary.
Sounds like you believe the Russians. Never said I was for Hillary Bernie Sanders should have been the one. Trumps legacy worst #45 ever
No I believe that the dnc is lost and a bunch of crooks! They lie and cheat if you like your plan keep ur plan bs!Russia hell no propaganda
Let's see your taxes
Are you and your foreign investors looking for cheap beachfront properties to build tacky hotels on?  Only explanation for slow response.
@alexleonardii u really support this man & the utter bullshit that comes out of his pussy looking lips
girlfriend how many times are you gonna ask me? Do I agree with trump 100% on everything? No, but I still support him as my president
Yeah I did. I also had one of him & Reagan, one of my favorites. Your last point is so false, I don't support Trump because I'm white
I support him because of his America first policies, and his value of protecting the American people.
FAKE president,
Gee; they'd be in less trouble if failed businesspeople like you would quit costing them revenue with bad golf course projects:
you know all these disasters started after u were elected so please impeach yourself!!
HELP PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
Sounds like a philosophical blueprint for health insurance--or lack thereof.
BAD TIMING. But get clear on how their troubles began before you get on your high horse. THEY can't get $$$ from RUSSIANS!
Help Them. You do not need to see how many tweets you get on a subject before you act.
@realDonaldTrump In deep trouble and yet you're done helping???
Isn't some of that debt your doing you fraud?
You waited way too late! U were in Texas about 2 days after storm/Puerto Rico  had to suffer an entire week plus, before u talked about it
Tweets should not be used in an attempt to cover your own ass! Your response isn't good enough.
Idiot
Well do sum about it!
What is your point?  Take care of Puerto Rico.  #ImpeachTrump
how about you send help to your citizens, like, i don't know... THE FUCKING PRESIDENT SHOULD DO?! help should have arrived the day after!
Porto Rico is in trouble because of the misuse of funds, the people need help, everyday comforts. After asking president Trump for  help, Ricardo Rossello Nevares, gives about $100 million in bonuses to island government employees. How is this helping the Puerto Rican people?
prayers to you and your family, and also praying for PurtoRica.:)
You don’t love Jesus, quit lying.
Oh Donald, you can make a difference!
Puerto Rico is as important as Texas & Florida. Puerto Rico is suffering because we have a broken executive branch with a fake president.
No moron everyone in Florida and Texas are not doing great. Their are people that died people who lost everything not great.
It's about damn time you notice them. It's been two weeks of people trying to get your attention
They're in deep trouble because you're the President! Fix it!

your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
HELP THEM
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS.  

THIS is how you deal with a national crisis?!?!?!

It's like a joke, except it isn't funny.  It's heartless.

Wow! So these people have lost everything and this is best you can do? Sad.
Unpresidential response. Those who want to help, find a way. Marc Cuban made it happen! #humanitarianresponse 
Mark Cuban loaned the team plane to J.J. Barea to fly supplies to Puerto Rico. Barea will return tonight with his mother and grandmother.
And yet you are doing nothing!!
1,500,000 PEOPLE DO NOT HAVE DRINKING WATER IN PUERTO RICO. Can you hear that? You haven't done a damn thing...and what about USVI???
Thanks captain obvious
What?  Send help...grow up
Texas is not ok because a month later we are over flowing with trash we can't throw away.
Maybe the 38 million you defaulted on with your golf course could help them...

Thank you President Trump for encouraging us to give with extreme generosity to Puerto Rico. 
Tell the American people you left Puerto Rico holding the bag of 33 million dollars cause of your bankruptcy.
How is that helpful?
What do you expect from the so called President?  He needs to resign, since he cant or wont do his job.
How about thè 5 ex-presidents get together and donate  $1 million each, like you did for Texas.

I won't hold my breath either.

And what are you doing to help these great, poor Americans? Oh yeah, they're brown and speak a lot of Spanish, so you don't.
U liberals r always whining ... nothing he does is right... ridiculous... cause the last one was so good
No, dolt, TX & FL are recovering, slowly.  But "Doing great" is a ginormous lie.  Even by your standards.  #BottomOfTheBarrel  #Swamplandia
NO dishonest donnie- Texas is not doing great. Better than PR but, not great. Get off the golf course and get a clue!!
If only you were in a position to do something about it.
Massive debt and broken infrastructure - hey - that’s the US - and tax cuts without spending cuts will make it worse!
Already in massive debt at least in part thanks to you, bankruptcy king
When does PR vote on independence again?  #JustSaying   However,  it's moot now they need help. #HelpPuertoRico

I guess it’s PR fault...is that what you are saying or JUST SAYING?
Mr. Trump that is very rude what you just tweeted I guess you just don't have a heart
Considering your history of bankruptcies, mismanagement and leaving others holding the bag & being able to walk away with a clean slate 
So STOP TWEETING and do something about it!
Well with Puerto Rico being part of America isn’t it your job to fix that? Oh wait then you’d have to do something...
it would help if you paid them the $33 million you stiffed them with on that golf course you defaulted on!
@realDonaldTrump mention Puerto Rico gets $21billion in US Finacial aid annually. Pays no income taxes, an 11% sales tax. 
In other words, "my dumbass has read that they are already having issues, so therefore I don't care..."
You're an embarrassment to this country.
what the hell does that have to do about saving their lives and their health. PR is a territory of USA and get off your ass
In trouble because of out idiot Fake President. Get to work loser!
Oh! So it takes a catastrophe to finally know that PR is on the map?! Sad! If he thinks visiting us will put him in our graces, think again.
Deep trouble as in a very big very deep ocean, or without aid?
spend more time on PR less time on issues that don't matter!
You just said on chris Hayes that you are doing a great job in Puerto Rico. #more lies
BTW, give back to PR the $33 million that you added to their debt with another of your poorly  managed projects!
you had a little sumpin sumpin to do with the financial issues pay your bill instead of filing bankruptcy at the PR Golf Course
Then that would be YOUR job to help them. YOUR job.
Really?!  A real man and leader would be more concerned with the welfare of this country's people. You are not a man. You are a sad creep.
Fla will need to invest $16.9 billion to sustain its drinking water infrastructure & another $19.6 billion for wastewater in the next 20 yrs
J.Jones did take a knee, said they first prayed, then locked arms for anthem. He said "anyone who did not stand, would be off the team!
Don_the_Con, you have massive debt yourself with Russia + China.  Remember all your "Bankruptcies?"
maybe help them??????
Is is humanly possible to say anything more stupid than this jibberish from Rape Man 45?
Fear don.
Just remember better to be silent 
and thought a fool than speak  and prove it. Quit.
Shame. At least you wont have to deal with it after a couple of months. Given your impeachment soon...
Urine trouble . . .
Trump take care of PR 6 months, send personal logistics to reach every corner of and distribute and cover the necessary assistance to our PR
This must be a parody account right? No President of our great nation would treat Puerto Rico this way. #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Media says boats not allowed to unload @ ports and drs prevented from going to Puerto Rico to help-have meds. True?
Why sir?
If only you hadn't cost the PR govt. millions from your failed golf course.   http://alturl.com/s8hmv 
#PuertoRicoRelief
Wait, you need a conscience, a heart, morals, common sense and a sense of decency....all of which you lack!!  You demonstrate it constantly!
Again Mr trump let cleaning up after other presidents  neglectbofpr people
You some special kind of fool
because of massive assistance from Federal givernment, fool.
You don't say!?  but there are still thousands hurting in Texas & FL...
This is your Katrina fool. #Trump’sKatrinaPR. Wear it proudly. Yours now. @JoyAnnReid @SRuhle @StephMillerShow
So you are saying they deserved it?
-
Any word on the reports of you stealing for your self 100 million dollars donated for inaugural?
But my family there & I here in states are grateful.I got to hear from them today. Life will be hard for a while there but we are strong.
Fuck you 
https://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/346335/trump-golf-course-puerto-rico-default-33-million-tax-debt/ …
Thank you President Trump for the American assistance given to the island. Yes, it will take months, maybe years to make it beautiful again.
Deep in debt due to your bankrupt golf course. You are all that is bad in this world. Con man. Scammer. Traitor to the USA.
What a dunce!
#ImpeachtRump
You are the problem.
Woah he can make a post on Twitter that's good and not a meme to be
Since people's lives R infinitely more important than money, why not allocate funds 2 help Puerto Rico rebuild? Don't U owe 'em like 33 mil?
Pay Puerto Rico for your golf course bankruptcy that left PR taxpayers with nearly a $33 million bill? #SHAME #shame
He had his reasons, if it's even true!
Florida is the sink hole capital of the world & is already flooding from rising seas. Houston is a low-lying, unzoned mess!


suffering because it is a welfare state, just like democrat welfare cities are suffering here.
Neither TX nor FL are doing great. TX faces an eco-disaster thanks 2 PetroChem industry. Re: PR, stop your idiotic Tweeting & DO SOMETHING.
Cancel the illegitimate debt, 700% interest, WTF!
Oh wait some of these fraudulent loans have an rate of 2000% with compounding interest. Criminal!!
Thanks for not giving a shit.
DJT,
Just bring the Puerto Ricans to the mainland.  Rebuilding will be extremely expensive & will only last until the next big hurricane.
You are doing great to,be grateful to god and help .Believe me you will fill better, is not your money anyway.
Houston tx , Louisiana, Florida come before Puerto Rico. Get the bum Obama to help Puerto Rico. Far left idiots go help pr! Move there too!
No kidding, why don't you do something about it? And if you are, where's the big news about it? Oh yeah! All news is fake.
