You're a scared little man, afraid of your own shadow. You hate anything that isn't like you. You should be ashamed.
Liberals need to go to France if they want to be surrounded by potential terrorists. No travel ban is working out so great for the U.K.!!!!
Need to explain Dangerous behavior coming out of certain nations and regions that's why the USA needs a ban for those nations. also SAUDI
Quiet dummy. The grown ups are watching sports right now.
Keep it up Donny-boy. You're just digging that hole deeper and deeper. You're approval rating is 36%. How low can you go?
You don't understand DANGER, POWER, nor FREEDOM. I hate reality tv but people like it so much they made you president. Can't tune off now.
Does that mean we get a gun ban now? To protect our kids as one dies each day in an accidental shooting. 10x more than in terrorist attacks!
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS leaders, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Once you sign and 'semi circle' your exec order it's out of your hands. Should be obvious by now. Screaming on Twitter can only hurt.
No we do not. Do you not care about the constitution????!
How about doing something about your batshit crazy supporters. White supremacists are a far bigger threat.
We need a ban on you
@brithume @BretBaier Hey Donald! Listen to Brit Hume ON FOX, your propaganda machine! Even Fox is telling you to stop playing bully!
We will all laugh at you when this tweet is presented as evidence in a court case against your policy #DementedDonnie
As a grammatical nerd, might I just point out that this sentence makes absolutely no sense? How could a politically correct term protect us?
It's about time that the US got rid of the #Chamberlain attitude. We can see the problem. Don't appease it. Confront it & defeat it! Thank U
You are making us lesd safe with your rhetoric.
Love you, Trumpie! Speak to the Australian government, please!
Except for the ones that buy US guns or build Trump hotels of course.
Keep driving that crazy train, Trumpty. You are so unpopular. A real loser. Drive yourself right out of D.C. Good for US
ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!
Keep stirring your base so they're all riled up before Comey exposes you for the crook you are. Then cry "witch Hunt" with to you.
You have a knack for making people who still support you look dumber and dumber.
How will a travel ban prevent attacks when terrorists are the nation's citizens? That's what happened in Paris, London and Orlando.
In America, far more people die of gun violence. A travel ban won't stop that.
For a safer world, Trump needs to promote more intelligence collaboration between nations & not cut funding for anti-terror operations.
Travel ban is discriminatory, goes against what America (still) stands for, and useless in preventing terrorism.
islam is discriminatory,they hate us and our way of life. but you brainless dems dont realize that.
I think you mean RADICAL Islam. Maybe if you knew anything about Islam you would know they don't advocate violence of any kind
There's no such thing as radical islam, pc boy. The religion itself is vicious, "if you knew anything about" quran, you'd know that.
Ummm....We have several million Muslims in the country already that are U.S. citizens...having babies and such. The ban is a scam.
While on your way out, don't let the door hit you. #impeachtrump
It's God's will to make the nations to destroy themselves! Our judgment is here!
I say bring anyone in who is willing to go through a furlough period in which they complete 2000 hours of community service within 5 years.
You say so many #obnoxious #hateful, #ignorant, #inhumane, things, one can reuse tweets because they still apply to your #dickheadedness #FU
ban Pakistan immediately
Like Saudi Arabia you mean..........
- please stop yelling at the tee-vee
Go Orangie Go Orangie - keep on derailing yourself because you can't just set down your phone! Your ignorance amazes! #TimeToGo #BadHairDay
You get stupider every time you blink. #AssClownPresident #ImpeachTrump
YOUR GRANDPARENTS WHERE IMMIGRANTS FROM GERMANY! YOUR WIFE FROM  NOVO MESTO SLOVENIA! I GUESS THE REST OF THE WORLD IS NOT WHITE ENOUGH?
America would be 1000% better off if your parents had been banned from America!! Then we True Blue Americans would never have to deal with you,#CrotchGrabber!  You are hated World-wide, #TrumpTraitor!! Go to hell!! #MuellerIsComingForDotard #MuellerIsComingForDotard #Resistance
It is truly disastrous with this man in office. One scandel after another, caos in the WhiteHouse. Jobs not filled to run our country. Enough is Enough!


Nobody care bout  your travel ban you scared little man I can be a better president than you
You don't want America to be safe just left in anyone? See how that's working out in Europe!
We're not Europe don't let your government scare you with their fear tactics and agenda we live breathe and eat and s*** Freedom
there is a difference between living in fear and common sense. Men have died to protect our freedom.
freedoms as America are not under threat from a European country who deals with terrorism our freedom is under Threat by our own government
Men and women have died in the service of America but it's not for our freedom it was over oil and some Washington bureaucrats agenda
Lay that at Obamas feet.
I will blame that on  every presidentst since the beginning of time how dare you try to blame one man
This is ON YOU
You’re a disgrace
What about the white guys shooting everyone?
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us...
Donald why don’t you take a good look up you own arse because that is where the problem is inside not out.
Typical Trump who’s more worried abt a wall. Meanwhile our kids are being used for target practice and does nothing but play golf.
@8Circuit Why is my family put at risk? #novemberiscoming r/t we will remember this at election time Everybody note the judges who continue to put YOUR FAMILY at risk, you pay them you can fire them MAGA
Why don’t you protect the children in this country, from threats within-First?
A Country without Borders will soon not be a sovereign Country!
We need a Donald ban to protect this country.
Sad but true
What we need is a BAN on ASSAULT WEAPONS and the dangerous NRA #NRAIsATerroristOrganization
Unfortunately the USA has become a dangerous country since you too office.  You’re like a toddler dictator!   Not for long!
What countries r those? Those countries where they have this weird red caps on their heads? Where schoolshooters come from?
The 9/11 attackers were from Saudi Arabia. How come Saudi Arabia, almost 100% muslim, isn't on the list of countries that are denied entry?  Oh....Trump has a hotel and golf resort there. He knows which side of the bread is buttered.
Anyone interested in my nudes text me at 5404066992 or dm me for the info. I sell my nudes that's it. I'm not on here to be your prostitute.
#treasonous 2
And when the shooter is American? How do you ban the USA stable genius?
I'm proud of you President Trump...keep fighting the fight for all deplorable's and continue making America Great Again.

you are the worst president we ever had I can't wait till these 4 years is up
We only need protection from Senators who want to gut ACA, SS, and Medicaid, and from POTUS's cabinet gutting every agency.
Hey genius… The more you tweet the more you throw road blocks in front of your agenda;ud do better to ban based on Actionable intelligence
Create temporary housing for them next to the judges imposing their ignorance in lieu of our safety.
Can we go back in time and ban your family? You are dangerous for our country.
Yes, travel ban ! No question !!
That means you either really don't know where terrorists are coming from or that you just don't give a shit because you're making money
Is your great big brain broken?
How are you going to protect us from homegrown terrorists? Travel ban won't work on American terrorists
You are referring to Saudi Arabia right? You know, place where the terrorists of 9/11 ACTUALLY came from. No? So it's a racist thing then
That's all good . But what about the countries where the Terroists came from?
You said you needed a "temporary" travel ban for 90 days to figure out the vetting.  It's been more than 90 days, why still pushing this???
Great job. Behind you all the way.
It's all Intel, Intel, Intel...profiling, profiling, profiling...from Mosques to neighborhoods
Whatever it takes...just do it
Yes, we need to BUILD A WALL to protect us against one DANGEORUS OOMPA-LOOMPA, not some "politically correct" wall to keep out the Mexicans!
Blame everybody for A few are doing great governing glad you're not here
Except, of course, the countries where you have Trump hotels or other financial interests.
Thank you for doing the work to overturn your "ban"for us.
Especially Saudi Arabia, where they execute Christian converts and have not one church. You are Judas with your 30 pieces of Saudi silver.
think bfore u speak pls
You're not good at things.
It is not the country. It is the individual. If it were the countey you would have to block your rich friends in Saudi Arabia. Resign
But ignore the THOUSANDS of gun deaths by your OWN people EVERY YEAR!  So hypocritical.
You said it was not a ban. Now it is.  Publish your taxes, con man
You can't even get out of your own way, throwing your own people under the bus, making a complete fool of yourself. Sad!!!
But Saudi Arabia...
Can't you see who killing Americans,  not Muslims,  home grown Americans, like today.
Entire Countries aren't dangerous
Such as Saudi Arabia #exporterofjihad. Dam didn't you just arm more of them
Travel ban that doesn't let you back into the United States EVER!!!!
In 2015, there've been 15K murders, 90K rapes and 327K robberies committed in the US. The world needs a TRAVEL BAN for USA, it's DANGEROUS!
Abraham Lincoln ignored the US Supreme Court on one occasion and the Court backed off
Yes

BIGOT!
We want a ban,before they kill any American's,Democrat judges don't want to react,until mass killings by Isis in America,then its to late !!
And just how the FUCK are Muslims not our people?????
Pakistan should be the first because they are the most dangerous country on the planet. 2nd is China.
Racist
We need a TWITTER BAN for you! Your apparent Dementia is showing in your tweets. Frightening for the US!  Liar!!
DAMN STRAIGHT, Ban all travelers from Mar A Lago!!! Do it NOW! Most dangerous place in the WORLD. Also, the lowest IQ.
Grow some balls and prevent travel from all Muslim majority countries. Your travel ban is soft.
#WORSTPRESEVER We need to ban you and your illegitimate band of crooks and liars.
You just need to stop dangerous people from any country... including US homegrown terrorists.   But guns for everybody!
Listen carefully! Mr Donald Trump, your decision will not be accepted until this time, unless you do not implement it ourselves
ONLY WHEN WE'RE DEAD AND BURIED WILL WE REALIZE YOU ARE RIGHT ON THIS, MR. PRESIDENT. HAVE TO LEARN THE HARD WAY.
No we don't.  You need it to please your base. That's all
All countries that don't have a travel ban are being infiltrated by our enemies so ALL of them are dangerous #LookAtEurope
Most dangerous country-source of the worst terrorists: Saudi Arabia. But you dance on, smarty pants.
Some people from those countries may indeed have evil intent obviously .  So you ban EVERYONE ? Does that make sense?
What America needs is to dethrone you
Yes we need to be safe we can help refugees where they are they don't want to be here anyway.  Good job POTUS!
oh now you admit it's a ban.
....all countries WITHOUT any previous terror acts in the US -AND- all countries WITHOUT Trump hotels. 
CANT YOU JUST IGNORE ORDERS AND DO IT IF YOUR ATHORITY IS HIGHER THAN JUDGE THEN EVERYONE SHOULD STAND BEHIND YOU TO JUST DO IT.
ES MEJOR INVERTIR EN DISPOSITIVOS PARA EVITAR CONTAMINACION QUE DAR DINERO PARA QUIEN SABE QUE FINES LO FELICITO POR SU HISTORICA SALIDA
What about the radical Christian terrorists from America?
Will that mean you have to leave?
Happy Birthday  Mr. President Hope you have a wonderful year and people respect and give you time to help this country
Your list of banned countries have NEVER been a threat to US. On the other hand 9/11 terrorists were mainly from Saudia Arabia.
European terrorism is the most dangerous problem in this world!
whatever political correctness only matter if ur not white. say something about white male privilege & boom RACISM! PC!
We need to honor the law of the land.  Any ban will only help terrorists win, by breeding further needless fear.
8o
Time to FIRE the idiot progressive fake judges!!!!
How about you being dangerous to the USA?? Maybe you and your family should leave this country. We would be much safer without you.
You hate Muslims but kissing up to rich Gulf Countries leaders...HYPOCRITE. SAD!
A/
In addition to pocket Constit's I send you (idea: peak at those from bathroom instead of Twitter from unsecured Verizon phones), sent you
B/
full pack of briefs & dec'ns from many  federal courts (hint: they're not 9th Cir, as your "fake news" ie, you, claim) showing how
C/
continual shifting among "not a ban," "travel ban," "Muslim ban," "we all know intent same," etc. language was crushing you both
D/
substantively & in terms of YOUR absolute, well-deserved lack of credibility.

Your response to a surprisingly accurate, blunt,
E/
AWFUL-for-you 10-3 en banc 4th Cir. Opinion? Well, you had a much more-winnable S.Ct. case, & now you've significantly narrowed bases
F/
on which you can succeed. Among your best args is that Court should ignore your intent (& past, present, future statements re: intent),
G/
which cuts against the grain of Constit'l law Q's (or else you could just say, "My intent is to keep away dark-skinned people, Muslims,
H/
women, etc., but I'm explicitly wording it so doesn't sound that way, & therefore fed cts can't review; this negates purpose of 1st Am);
Go get them, Mr. Pres. We're behind you!
In January, you said you only needed a few months to review vetting procedures.  It's been 5 months, WTH you done yet???
Stop tweeting and go be a fucking "president"
Perfectly right...it is a street fight, NO RULES, it is a travel ban
Intel, infiltrate as Rudy did with the mob...All intel
Do you mean like a country who had the majority of 9/11 attackers, who you just signed a 400+ billion dollar arms deal with?
WE NEED THE COUNTRY TO UNITE IN PRAYING THE ALL POWERFUL ROSARY  FOR IT CARRIES THE POWER OF ALMIGHTY GOD +
#TLDM  ORG
Гребаная расистская ксенофобная вязь
Lmao, man you literally get more demented by the day! Take your aricept and go sit down somewhere!
Remember when we're political correct kissing the Saudis ass?
When are you going to protect us from all those American homegrown white male Christian terrorists?
Yes!! Keep tweeting TRAVEL BAN TRAVEL BAN TRAVEL BAN!! #resist #dumptrump #trumputin #notmypresident
Um senor leave mexico if i tell you a thousand onu times i will leave you lone senor
just give it up. you will not win in court because your travel ban is based on discrimination.
What about Saudi Arabia, the nationality of the majority of the 9/11 terrorists? Oh, you cannot include them because you own property there?
You're only concerned with protecting your pockets. We aren't your people. Wealthy white men are YOUR people. The rest of us don't matter.
Can you explain what makes these countries so dangerous, given that they, unlike your Saudi boyfriends, have never attacked the US?
cannot wait until you are in prison
We need ban for weird white racist guys with #bowlhaircuts. Just saying.
But not dangerous countries that YOU AND YOUR FAMILY DOES BUSINESS WITH?! #potusbullshit
Hoist by your own petard Mr President
I'd start with looking at gun control if you really want to help YOUR people. More dead on daily basis in USA than terror attacks in EU. SAD
TRAVEL BAN. DISCARD POLITICAL CORRECTNESS. SAVE AMERICAN LIVES.
Here is a shovel,  dig your hole deeper.
(1/2)
”DANGEROUS countries” who's citizens hasn´t been part of any terrorist actions against the US.
You should be politically correct because you set the example for our nation.No wonder we are living in such dark times.
We need gun control, help for mental health issues, less hateful rhetoric.  Unite the country instead of dividing it.
Ist on the list is this twit. Time for all countries to ban Trump... FUCK THIS MAN! #PATHETICTRUMP #SUPPORTSTERRORISTSTRUMP
Is Saudi Arabia on the list?
Hmm, I guess Little Donny doesn't realize that not one of the 9-11 hijackers came from the countries he wants to ban. SMH
The one we need to ban from traveling is YOU because apparently you don't play well with other you little child!
Shouldn't you start with the country where 15 of 19 9/11 terrorists came from instead of exempting that place?
Saudi Arabia killed more Americans than any other country. Why aren't they on the list?
