Enjoy the vacation, we all know you've earned it, as much as you've legitimately earned your wealth and fame...
3 Years, 5 Months, 15 Days, and 59 Minutes

... you're good buddy Christie was on our shores too. After he closed them. Phony like you!
#ScumbagLiar #TrumpRussiaCollusion #PutinsPuppet #Resistance
#Fire Hannity and Bolling
Name one thing you did to put me first? Just one.
#MAGA
Amen, Mr. President!
#LiarInChief stop taking credit for everyone else's successes.
سيد ترامب ،متى ستقفوا مع الشعب السوري ؟
Shut up. Resign
@potus @WhiteHouse @FLOTUS 
I thought you went on vacation?  Can't you quit Tweeting for 17 days ....Malania take the phone away him!
Lie
So, Mr. Trump.  When will you start making your & Ivanka's products in America?  Why do u lie to the less educated who believe what u say?
3 John 1:2
#Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all #things and be in #health, just as your #soul #prospers.
I wish there was at least a thin slice of information in your tweets as opposed to vague ("everything is beautiful") generalities. Thanks.
Prosperity won't return until you are impeached you orange imbecile.
Grand jury BABY!!!!
Look at what you are doing to your family you moron...  http://ir.net/news/politics/126572/report-ivanka-don-jr-eric-implicated-ny-money-laundering-investigation/ …
He doesn't care. He can have more children with his next wife.
Dude, speaking should not be THIS difficult
He truly speaks like someone who just learned to talk.
He's especially "spitty" in this "weekly address" () it's nasty.
That's what happens when his mouth is outrunning his brain. TelePrompter scroll must be set too fast.
Stupidity must be SO frustrating
When will you and Ivanka start using Americans to make your products?
Ur not Donald Trump your a staffer!
ALL YOU DO IS TAKE CREDIT FOR OTHERS AND MAKE YOURSELF LOOK GOOD. NONE OF WHAT U SAID IS ATTRIBUTED TO YOU! YOU ARE A LIAR N A COWARD!
How much of that prosperity is being spent at your resorts while you vacation there AGAIN?
Then why don't you and your family bring American workers in for your jobs? You're all hypocrites!
go golfing you fake president.
You are #FakeNews and a #FakePresident
Shut up!!!
#MAGA !!
If you watch this without the sound (and I did), it's hilarious
It will come when you get out of office.
When we don't have a tweeting president.
When the president golf less than work.
And when the president family stop profiting from the people.
Thank U for giving up Ur cushy life & doing what U love for We The People & Country U Love 
WRONG
Trump, you are putting corporate profits above all else you...
Amen...
Eventually the Obama economic growth will falter and you'll need to perform and tweeting won't help
Where were your suits and ties made again?

Only your base believes you. Jobs? Lower paying jobs.
@realDonaldTrump is the most clueless, incompetent @POTUS ever! 
Are your eyes open?
Hey #Trump, What happened to no time for vacations or golfing?
Donald Trump once said he wouldn't take vacations as president — but he just left for a 17-day "work vacation" at his NJ golf club. 
Breaking records for being the laziest president. phone records prove his utter incompetence. @realDonaldTrump is a national embarrassment.
And danger.
you own clothing line is made offshore you freaking hypocrite! #WorstPresidentEver
Imagine now many more could be working if you and your daughter moved your manufacturing to the USA!!!! #hypocrite
Where are your MAG hats made now?  How about Ivanka and her stuff? Are Americans making those?  Ah NO! Hypocrites
Hate to crush your message,but your dream for America is NOT the American dream my father fought two wars for! Just SHUT UP! #Ignoramus #ass
no one bellieves you
Thank you for all your doing! God bless you and yours!
President Trump you are our hero!!!!!  God bless you with the  strength you need to make America Great Again!!
Have you moved the product facilities of you own products back to the USA?
By selling coal to China so they can make STEEL.
We are taking the damage, they get the jobs and profits.
Great deal 4 China.
Steelworkers?
Why doesn't MSNBC report news like this?
#MakeAmericaGreatagain
Make America great
So why is trump getting workers and materials com overseas?
When will Trump family businesses move production to USA?
China makes your clothes lines and your daughters.  Did you forget.
Obama is not even worthy of being mentioned in the same sentence as JFK. Great picture and message.
Just saying it does not mean we believe you
Does that mean your companies are moving back to US? And that your hypocrisy (on this issue anyway) will end?
Thank you!
Bring down prices. Stop overpopulation
Yes, that's why u want to bring 45 foreign workers to Marlago
You: worst disaster to our planet. The blood is on your white supremacist hands for the deaths that occurred. Your words breed hate. Sad!
in first 6 months of your presidency, jobs grew at slowest rate since 2010...
Yadda yadda yadda,  No one wants to hear anything you have to say except "I resign"
Sorry Ive consumed my Bullshit for the year......
#Hitler made #NAZI Germany's economy humm too, at first anyway, until the German People faced the consequences. #MAGA #ImpeachTrump #Trump
You're not putting America first if you're tweeting from your handle and then retweet with your official handle Sir!
Oh yeah, like at Mar-a-Lago?
Yeah ok !!!
Congrats, America. You have a President who can't read at a 3rd grade level.
What an ignorant fool. He has no idea what the hell he is doing.
You have nothing to do with prosperity! Stock market up workers pay down!!
Who is making the ties and the garbage that your daughter sells?
Yeah, someone smart and skilled conceived, designed, & built my house, but I picked the color SO I TAKE THE CREDIT DAMMIT. #douchebagprez
You're full of it
Riding the Obama wave.
Amen! Specially folks working at yr golf course- you sure keep them busy! #MAGA Prayers!
All but any of your family enterprises
YOU'RE ON VACATION, #LOSER!
Only because we have a real president now representing the  American people who voted him in God bless the Trump family God bless America
"Let not forget Puerto Rico"
Thank you President Obama
Tariffs cost US workers more than trade agreements. Trump is a lousy deal maker. Sad.
I still see made in China on your ties and shirts
THANK YOU PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA!!!!
Still delusional as ever! Please explain why you're China/Bangladesh/Companies are still producing all of your and Ivanka's trashy products?

#lies
Thank You Mr President!
You really do give me hope @realDonaldTrump I pray for our people and allies to make it through another day in this twisted world.
By allowing their elderly to be abused with impunity?
Said the lying sack of shit that has only ever cared about himself.
Incoming liberal tweets
Is that why the @GOP works to destroy labor unions and fight raising the minimum wage?
"WE"? Not you, Ivanka, or any Trump business! More like "Others."
Thank God for u sir we needed u at this time
you speak like you're talking to stupid people. Oh wait...... You are!!  
Why do you over ... http://m.tmi.me/1fjlFV 
Liar.
Prosperity was restored by Obama. You are riding on his coat tails. You have accomplished nothing.
Please look into some vocabulary skills books. Cuz damn.
Keep up the great work! Praying for you!! MAGA
What would be really nice is if you didn't put yourself and all you rich xenophobic cronies first. #RepealAndReplaceTheOrangeMenace 
Thank God, may this turn out to be a better blessing for the Americans
Thank you Obama!
Yes!
Can not stand you.
Thanks to Mr. President Obama for his thoughtfulness during his 8 years.  DJT you can't take that away. #go to the videos
Didn't you just import 15,000 guest workers & post a teeny tiny ad for Mar-a-Lago jobs for which American applicants never got called back?
Totally looks like a robot just saying words.
I-9 changes are NOT putting American workers first.
Thank You  Mr. President for all your hard work. Please stay safe Keep up the great work 
Gaining speed. I love my Trump train 
Don't you mean you're putting Russia first?

The only ones you are putting first is the corporations, the wealthy and yourself.  You know this and you still lie about it!
#thanksObama
Spelling is fundamental.
And that protectionism is why I've ceased buying anything from the USA
Keep I put Mr President Stand song REAL Americans are with you
Thank you Potus for making this Country great again
yo Donnie, you look like you're about to tell john McClane that you're going to finish what your brother, Hans Gruber, started...
I think we needed a strong man with brass balls to get us back where we need to be. We've politically corrected ourselves out of own country
unless they work for you, then they will be employed in a foreign country and most likely not be getting paid for their work.
Tell it like it is....that's what I love about you keep up the good work!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN U ARE A AWESOME PRESIDENT!!!
Thank you President Trump for your unfettering loyalty to the USA.  Keep the momentum.
ويه
Your importing workers!! Shame on you!
Are you trying to get us into #WW3? A #nuclearwar? Your #fireandfury is  way #outofbounds and does nothing to #easetensions in #Asia #Beaman
The way it needs to be, Americans First!!!!

You are a traitor.  The people of America do not like or approve of you.  Coal is dead.  Solar is the future.  Resign, you are a failure.
Why don't you do something constuctive instead of bashing people, that DOES NOT make America great again.
More like "Donald First" since that is the only person you care about.
BULL PUCKY IN YOUR FACE! donald
Wow so Twitter is removing all positive tweets to the president what a great company.
Yeah, by proposing taxbreak to the rich!!!
Day one supporter that truly believed in you @POTUS I am the forgotten .. thank you Mr. president
Just saying something doesn't make it so.
Why do you always look like you're constipated?!  Don't they have exlax in the White House?
@BarackObama had a very successful eight years then? These things don't just happen in 200 days, you know.
#AmericaFirst was a Nazi slogan from WWII. We know who you are. We are not fooled. No one fears you. #ImpeachTrump! #NeverTrump #NeverAgain

Don't see you doing a damn thing for this American except trying to kill me
Thank you Mr. President for #MAGA.  
6months in WH impossible for you to have done what you claiming con man Prez Obama deserve the credit not you pathological liar stop lying.
Finally! A president that isn't selling out America. You, sir, are a true American patriot, not seen since March 4th, 1809. #AmericaFirst
I wish there was more educational news. For instance how many illegal immigrants are incarcerated in US prisons? How much does that cost?

Go trump go!!!
Awesome. Prosperity can be mindful, financial, spiritual. How are you defining this comeback prosperity.
Prosperity may be coming back...but we are losing our rights and our right to free speech. This needs to be addressed and stopped!
Why do you squint like that in every picture? 

Tryin' to look tough?  

It looks like you're always constipated.
