According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
#Charlottesville or you are worse because now you have more power than they do. Go talk/speak to a..
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on ...
Until Luther turns on u then you will discredit him and call him the worst and a loser. Such an unstable little man you are. Please resign.
Retweet if you believe that Trump should be evaluated for mental illness before being allowed to access the Nukes!
You should be evaluated
To bad he lost, smh lol!
Mark Levin has been saying Mo Brooks was the right choice for Alabama..... 
hmmmmm
Don't forget how Levin carried on like a hog caught in a bear trap denouncing Trump all throughout the 2016 campaign. He is #Paid4Opposition
you might be right, but I will admit I'm guilty. I just got into listening to Mark daily about 4 weeks ago? backing a Canadian like Ted Cruz
3 Years, 5 Months, 5 Days, 6 Hours, 29 Minutes, and 4 Seconds
#Trump will have an 8 Year Term
Are you out of your freaking mind???????!
The Next election #Trump Will be re-elected.The stock market is crazy good.
#25thAmendmentNow
is he a bigot just like you?
His direct repudiation of all sides that promote and commit violence is completely correct. This firestorm is fake news at it highest!
#ImpeachTrump
We need to stop the hate. Stop trying to repeat history. The South lost so why does the left want to bring us back to this time. Love USA
He is a McConnell schill.
Senator Strange? Dammit, Stan, keep your characters in the comics!
God bless you Mr President, I pray you receive wisdom from God.
Stay the Course, We Stand With You! God Bless America! #MAGA #USA

Not since January 20. 2017

No brains? I guess you must have missed the memo, we control the house, senate and presidency. Do Not resist.
and  haven't accomplished ONE thing, now THERE's some bragging rights 
right, not one thing, go back to smoking your weed and listening to your dead album. Do Not Resist.
You are so lousy at your job. It's like you're out to destroy us all. Please do better.
Fox cancelled the shoe "Trump and Friends" - no one showed up.
NO he is a @SenateMajLdr  patsy and major SWAMP CREATURE ...how are you going to drain the swamp when you support stocking it with RINOS??
Senator for a low performing state. Figures you like him. #45out
Fox "news" is destroying your brain cells.  #alternativefacts #AccordingToTrump #ConspiricyTheories
Nobody cares about foxandfriends. They are your minions! #LoserTrump #LoserPotus
Sir, is there something else you should be doing instead of plugging a TV appearance?
And apparently White Supremacy!
Good job
Why in God's sakes would Strange be better than MO Brooks? He's McConnells puppet boy, he's a Rump ranger for the Rhino Rangers of the GOP,
As long as McConnell mows down Conservatives the President will have an uphill climb on his agenda
Strange was chosen to be that hill,..
The mountain will only  get higher for the President if he allows McConnell to play him as a dupe, which will cost him a 2nd term. Step-
Away from the GOP IN 2020 and run as an Independent after exposing the corruption on both sides explain why you left both parties,corruption
Nobody likes you, go back to Russia,
Along with your friends #propagandaTV
@foxandfriends the real fake news..#ESAD
Your Pathetic!
Like everytime! If #POTUS have found one that supports him astonishingly, he must emphasize it!  #MAGA change to #MAIA 'Strange', right? 
Sorry! Let's say: Make America Ridiculous Again #MARA 
And the children they leave behind? Ohhh yeah. More for US the taxpayer's! The wall is a waste of OUR money and resources!

I think Trump is demonstrating Neo Nazi views... just saying.
Going on Fox & Friends is tough.
#impeachtrump
In other words another racist.
превет трамп кин денги пж

Mr. President I am with you sir. I'm a federal employee who is raising a family and concerned for their well being. God bless u Sir. Aaron H
One last thing Bishop. If you believe Russia was the cause for Clinton's. Just please please keep believing that. See you in 2018
Easy on Nazis? You know how important that is. #TrumpBurnInHell
No No No No No No No
When you say crime, borders etc., I think you meant to say black people, brown people, minorities. #Racist
is hea racist facist too?
@johndoerr recruiting note..
Every one in South Dakota is with you
I wasn't aware Alabama had any border issues.
You are so against immigrants reminder you wife was one one sided
Alabama = center of Dumbfuckistan
Someone build a wall around alabana...
Because Alabama borders...
Bad information, Luthur Strange is a McConnell lackey & Anti Trump. Had Trump not endorsed him Moore cld have won.
@foxandfriends, isn't that the Fake News program?
Just because Steven cobalt sister didn't win her election he has to blame someone. Why not you
Bigot and distractor of rights - you bring out the worst of Americans -- boo!!
Trump had to eat crow after brirther comment vendeta on obama
Smash the Communist Agenda Mr. President 
Trump's assertion left wing protesters just as violent as white supremacists in Charlottesville sets off firestorm http://www.newsbreakapp.com/n/08dX7Toh?s=a2 
Shut up

I don't understand what's so hard about this. White supremacists and Neo-Nazis are evil and shouldn't be defended.
AUGUST 15 2017 THE ENTIRE WORLD SEE THE REAL trump. 6 21 3 21 trump. PURE GARBAGE. UNREGISTERED SEXUAL PREDATOR PATHETIC LIAR
What is wrong with you
I'M SURE HE IS "STRANGE" IF YOU THINK HE IS GREAT.
Borders? Alabama? Like other US states borders???  Smh...
Sorry, I don't watch Fake News.
Tough on borders?
What borders? All those bad Floridians? Or Mississippians? Or Tennessee folks? Or maybe those funny folk from Georgia? I snuck in from NJ!
Just go ahead and do the will of God Mr President.
Let's pray he wins, the Democrats have a sorry record on crime. Top 10 most violent cities in the USA are all managed by Democrat Mayors.
That should tell people a lot...well, at least those who do not have their head up obama's ass.
Dump Trump!! Dump Trump!!
Fake news

.@BarackObama's Charlottesville tweet is 2nd most liked ever
 http://fxn.ws/2fJ01Kf 


Suck 
Gosh Trump we can even tell your wife doesn't like you! Lol. Bet she sleeps with the gardener!
I'm sure your people will vote for whoever you tell them to vote for

#25amendmentnow
cz today no one likes you, even those who did are now puking
FOX is made up of sexual predators. Why would anyone be interviewed by that cesspool.
Until he quits. You're a lowlife.
I don't understand your support? We're supposed to drain the swamp not fill it. This guy is going to screw u down the road
Old news
No FOX for me!
White supremacist
Don't think he can make it again if you continue to back him! He is a GOP not a Nazi Party!
You do know they are now entertainment network and not new s?
Roy Moore has the same vision for America that Trump has. Luther Strange is a Big Money RINO. McConnell Lap Dog !!!
Must know why other very credible people on this thread don't trust your guy
????
JUVENILE - PRISON for PROFIT: Corporate PREDATORS profit off under-age teens & extend non-violent sentences.
Wait he is going to start building gigantic furnaces to barbecue his opponents 
The Presidential TV Guide. Announcing TV-shows used to be reserved for starlets on their way up. Now it's for POTUS on his way down.

How can he be on FOX? His lips are locked on your ass so tight they've turned brown
Isn't he one of Superman's nemesis?

Of course he is THEY R BOTH RACIST SCUM!!
PERFECT!  Not sure @realDonaldTrump understands.

Bot
#TrumpIsANazi
But he was associated to you psycho administration so he lost...biggly!
Is he a racist like you?
As a citizen of this country I am ashamed of you Mr. Trump! From the things that come out of your mouth. You emboldened white supremists.
I'm afraid Mitch suckered you into supporting this guy. Hope it doesn't come back to bite you down the road. Don't trust Mitch.
Does he love Nazis and the KKK too?
Existent  CONFUSION&CHAOS based in intentional misinterpretations mix with accusations present by the MEDIAhave reach  Destructive  levels
Doing commercials for Fox Propaganda channel now? Not shocking.
Everyone's bailing on you. Your endorsements are nothing more than a kill switch for their causes
He is a @SenateMajLdr Drone! Forget Luther Strange!
Now you are doing promos for Fox?
Hey president should I visit the Alamo before it gets turned into a taco stand?
Fight terrorism if we are divided amongst ourselves. A divided house can not stand. I for one will stand with you President Trump. 100%
Fake news
Donald Trump can tweet what he wants and will not be punished! Then others may call things by the name, or ??
Is he a Nazi supporter like you?
Do you work for Fake and Friends or do they work for you?

He's a shill for McConnell, not a man for the people of AL.
Moore 
As a US Soldier any one whoportrays claiming, or any actions to be a Nazi should be treated and tried for treason against the United States.
Strange is a turn coat.
really? Ur still talking about Obama??? Quit trying to deflect.
You're not tough on crime. You're an apologist for white supremacy and a hype man for Fox "News"

If you want him to win then say you're against him
WAKEUP-STRANGE IS ANOTHER POSER OUT TO VOTE WITH MCCONNEL .  STOP LISTENING TO THESE ELITES.HEAR YOUR BASE MAN
you are the best president ever great job cutting the media down yesterday
Is he Hugo's brother
If you don't know where you've been. Our country needs to put hate behind us, we need to fight our common enemy North Korea. How can we
RACIST IN OTHER WORDS!!
You didn't get him enough votes. Good job!
The society of the USA is divided because of humanistic, social, economic and ecological contradictions and opposites!
Is he tough on neo nazis or condone them like you?
wakeup-u r surrounded by evil. listen to mark levin's free video on mcconnel. u want facts u say? these r FACTS.
Trump is about the only sane person in the government. Tells the truth and idiots call it hate speech.
It is distasteful for the president to promote a specific news outlet
Fox and friends  when you want to be lied to then that's your news source.
Which boarder?  Georgia??
God know You Deserve it!!  Enjoy
And as a surrogate for McConnell he will block your agenda at every opportunity.
Saying Merry Christmas again, being unPC, defending  southern history: I get it. But why not temper the message so ppl will actually listen?
KKK ass  state
But will he remain tough?
Fox and friends suck and so do you !!!
Wrong!
