LIE
Hey Carlo where's  your green card buddy! You chose a womans face! Welcome to LA! PROVES YOU SIR R NOT AMERICAN! FAKE ACCOUNT, FOREIGN I.P.
http://The.name  is diCarlo I was born and my dad and mom and you?   Mind your own beeswax
I was right
You. Are a outsider
You are a fool
Stop believing he really cares because you are his base Thinking feeling people want the best for everyone. Not just themselves like you..
Awww.. Im tired of you spending my tax money
Good to know
Apparently my company didn't think so. I got laid off, Again. they are hiring temporary workers. I guess they don't put stock in loyalty.
You are setting up more networks to get money to go into your own means right #POTUS? Everybody knows!
Dividends are roaring, not jobs. But then, you know that.
Since corporations are rolling in the dough why do they need tax cuts, that's right to fuck over the middle class and poor, U corp kiss ass.
I bet they haven't you lying slimeball
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are sta...
But when are they going to pass those profits down to the workers??
You're like the wolf of Washington
And what exactly does that have to do with you?
#Resist
Next time your around some of those corporate bosses please ask them to start letting it trickle down. Bring Back the Middle Class
Need tax relief for corporations and for all
Corporations don't exactly trickle it down, but you wouldn't know that.
Facts please, show us the numbers. I can make up statements as well but they mean nothing without the facts.
Just a bunch of bots generating there bs this morning
we,the implanted torture vics want support & compensation for the years of hell.get the truth out. Rnm sucks
Rich get richer
Well, it is all about the corporations, right?  

Economy 101. It takes 18 months to see progress.

Thanks, President Obama.
Thanks Obama!
Now the corporations need to spread the bounty to their employees who are partners in the enterprise
But somehow not being passed on to the workers. Wages stagnated. Time for the American worker to rise up and demand better pay #FightFor15
You are one tweet away from blaming Hillary from something, I feel it.
Things are only great right now if you are delusional.
The rest of the sane people see: healthcare in crisis from sabotage, climate in crisis from sabotage, foreign relations in crisis...
3 Years, 5 Months, 19 Days, 3 Hours, 56 Minutes, and 1 Second
How many days do you have left?

Didn't you say you will look out for the people, not corporations?
The stock markets not the indicators of massive job growth.They're rising on the myth of governership that will not happen.We deserve better
Russia has your number & Americans are in a stranglehold because of your bad business deals. We will be great again when you are safely gone
And you've never made so much money raping America, aoong with the #TrumpCrimeFamily. #Resign #LockThemAllUp
I'm still broke, what jobs you talking about? Tweeting?
More money means more profits, not more jobs. There is a big difference.
It's Reaganomics Redux
Trickle down doesn't work. Especially when you're rich & greedy.
Thanks Obama
You're doing a great job Mr President @POTUS despite receiving very little support from @GOP leadership. History making!
Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. NOW
By the way, have you signed the sanctions bill or is it in the file with your taxes?
Corporations are not people.   Will you ever do anything for real Americans?   Resign and give the people back their house.  #TraitorTrump
Still taking credit for Obama's economy, eh?
Hes dumb
Thanks, Obama!
Obama had seven years of job growth.   Slowing with you.  Never too late for you to learn economics.

Why can't I get a raise?????
Thanks Donny boy, for caring about the rich corporations making more money while they hoard it all from the middle class on down.
I guess if we want those new jobs we should move to China to get them eh?
Meanwhile inflation is at 1%, indicating companies and wealthy ppl hoard $, in stock market while worker's wages remain stagnant.
3 John 1:2
#Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all #things and be in #health, just as your #soul [1/2]
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/richard-greene/is-donald-trump-mentally_b_13693174.html …
Rawr XD
You haven't changed any economic policy so these jobs are still Obama's fool
You just watch Fox and Friends all day don't you? Pretty soon it will be mandatory viewing
It already is at HHS.  All Tubes are on Fox.
The White House has NEVER been as dysfunctional as it is now.
How does General Kelly feel about working alongside Ivanka?
Looking forward to serving alongside John Kelly as we work for the American people. General Kelly is a true American hero. 
General Kelly loves working around people who were never democratically elected. Like himself.
Scary that we've gotten to the point where we are hoping for a General to step in and run the country properly.
That's when our country becomes a military junta, not a democracy.
Nepotism, generals, corruption... this is the stuff of banana republics.
You know you are two things he doesn't respect right?  Female and black. Unreal you support him.
How does he not support blacks or females? Mind citing a reason or source please?
@all3ndurant Denial is more than a river in Africa  

http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/trump-doj-to-attack-affirmative-action-in-college-admissions-nyt-1015123523951 … via @msnbc
I see you still get your info from the likes of Fox News, Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hanndity and that idiot Jones! SMDH! #Sad # Bigly!
So now you are quoting Stuart Varney?  You might as well just quote the Devil himself!
You are losing it Mr. President.  The 25th Amendment is coming soon!
You have no right being our president, and you have no responsibility for the money Corporations are making. Name one law you passed to help
You just babble and babble about being responsible for the economy when you haven't passed a single law related to the economy!
Speaking of babble, I have never seen you post a single tweet. You do 5-8 every time, but of course that's not babble, but it's hypocrisy
remember this tweet? Yet you now falsely complain USA has highest tax rate?  Also,  how is this needed, based on all that $$ being made?
Can't deny or bad mouth that can you. Thank you Mr President,
Oh so they can afford to pay more to help America? P
Pants on fire!

The only jobs that are "roaring" are low paying. I'd love to see you try living on $11 bucks an hour! THAT reality show would be UGE!
Corporations don't create demand, middle America does.  Essentially you're just making the rich richer and are proud of it.  Unbelievable.
You should quit before you are impeached
Ya to bad that they will never share those profits with anyone but top CEO's !!
Yet income disparity has never been greater since just before the Great Depression... trickle down does NOT work #dumptrump
A lot of people in Eastern KY voted for you...where are those jobs?

Ugh. That's the problem. Why aren't we seeing increased wages? Corporations are hoarding cash. For what? To buy up treasuries? #middleclass
Hahaha yeah, corporations making tons on money has ALWAYS meant more jobs coming for the little guy *wink*
You probably own them,which means you do what ya can to hide it and cheat on yur taxes that yur still hiding,
What about workers, Donnie? How are they doing?
Money creates more problems than it solves. Animals do the only work that needs to be done, and they do it for free nature.
Complete BULL!
Actually, every statement of this Tweet is factually incorrect and is not backed up by current data.
And how does that help the other 99% of us?
Yes! President Obama did a great job on recovery!
Trump is so confused, doesn't know where he is.
Thanks Obama!!!
Would be a good political ad against this guy..Rich is getting richer and Corporations finally have their President.. just read the tweet
So cut their taxes? But we can't afford education, healthcare and higher wages? Corporations don't make America great, it's workers do!
Profit=low wages, cutting benefits, automation, tax loopholes, no investment in American healthcare, infrastructure or environment.Nice Job!
2016 Aetna lost about a billion on Obamacare. Still over 3 billion net profit! Promised 2017 increase 2 O'care premiums. ? profit is enough!
Thanks President Obama !!
Fake news!
Are these corporations paying their employees more or polluting our water and food less?
What planet do you live on?
Okay how about us small business!! can't even buy a house. 32 yrs, don't have $40000 down. How about help us NOW!!
I thought you weren't going to have time to watch the news....or play golf, or Tweet.
Wealthy corporations don't need more money. How about helping middle class Americans? Oh wait, we're beneath you so we don't matter.
It's easy to make money when there is no regulation.  Has air quality been this high?  Water? Thanks Obama!  Stock crash is on Trump in 2018
That's the first true thing you've ever said--corporations are making huge profits on workers' backs and you want to give them more!!!
Trouble is they're not & wages are being downgraded. Guess unions are next to go into the toilet?
Kushner Companies subpoenaed over use of visa program: report

For every job that tRump takes credit for "creating", I see other companies announcing twice as many lay offs.  Sad.
The rich #corporations are still #bleeding us poor dry! No raises, no full time jobs for the hardest workers! #Trump I voted 4 u 2 fix this
Good for cooperations? But what about small businesses? Thtats what I care about.
All your millionaire cronies have never made so much money.
But people are making less. Thanks for being a champion of the people? At least u showing us where your priorities really are
NO THANKS TO YOU!!!  RESIGN YOU TWIT
Fun fact: Corporations are not actually people. You know, middle class/poor people as opposed to the billionaire CEOs you are helping.
While the working people starve to death. The lazy rich people are making money of the sweat of their workers while not paying fair wages.
America? let me enlighten you its only the 2%
Billionaires making more money while the poor stay poor.
Stayontrack.IfGodbeforyou,whocanbeagainstyou.YOUARESURROUNDEDBYGODSFIGHTINGANGELS.STANDBYFAITH Youwillwitnessoneofthegreatesttheworldhasseen

Thank you @BarackObama  for laying the foundation for this growth. Great rebound from the crisis we were in in 2008.
I guess that means they can pay a living wage now #maga
Thank you Trump state run TV.
You think you can really take office and turn our economy around in 6 months?  Shows how little you know.  THANK YOU, @BarackObama!!!!
Oh yeah!!!Stuart Varney is the best!
They are just as crooked as you are because no one likes YOU!!!! #n1ly
So why cut their taxes? Businesses are doing great and tax revenues are rolling in. You have to be one of the stupidest people ever elected.
Everyone had better keep an eye on their retirement accounts! https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-02-03/trump-to-halt-obama-fiduciary-rule-order-review-of-dodd-frank …
Be nice if us under paid Americans could, rather than the rich getting richer and hiring staff at altimeter low wages in comparison
Mr. President you need more Patriots like Stuart Varney in your administration. We love you and we adore Stuart Varney. MAGA.
How about "corporations has never before let their employees gain so little from the company's big profits as they do now". Also true 
Still waiting for you to get me a raise.
http://www.southbendtribune.com/news/business/am-general-announces-more-than-temporary-layoffs-at-mishawaka-plant/article_3fe73ae9-7693-5dfb-a258-97f32b511e05.html …
Go trump
You're a failure in everything you do. You're a traitor to this great country. #lameduckdonald #PutinsPuppet
Next you'll say you helped @Apple make their 3/4 of a trillion dollars since you've been in office.
Citizens have never made LESS...Selling our future down to foreign interests to line your pocket. Mueller will get you soon!
You are right CORPORATIONS are making more money than ever.  Not so for the average worker.
At the expense of working people
It is all fake data.
Thx Pres OBAMA!
Then  obviously corporations and the wealthiest investor class don't need big tax reductions.
Obama's efforts beat UR 2.6, 18 quarters. 2.6ot soar, a whimper, a yawn, a sob.
thanks Obama... saved us from the current shit mess...aka Dumpster..
Corporations did NOT NEED HELP fleecing the poor, middle class, the country or the world. They're good at it. Fox News is FAKE NEWS we know.
Well done President Trump.
When are the people going to make money...simple question...
That good
since you have dinner w/ all thee Fox reporters weekly of course they put on what you want. . It should be called Trump News #TrumpLies
Thanks to OBAMA...
As they contribute less to America by using foreign corporations to shield themselves from paying their share of taxes.
The only people that made out the last 16 years is medical, drug companies and politicians that made money sending our jobs elsewhere.
a better way of saying it, sir, would be "rich have never made as mucho money as they are making now, but the rest of you uneducated not
Well good, they should now be able to pay their fair share of taxes instead of getting a free ride with all the corporate welfare
And wage growth is puny.
WHAT ABOUT AVERAGE WORKING AMERICANS?????
#GOPdontCare
More like thanks Obama! 
Off the backs of us little people....who you do not support. SAD!
when will we admit corporations doing well means nothing for the American taxpayer.
Please. What a Liar.
Hey Deferment Don, would this be a good time to talk about how BAD American auto sales have been in June and July, that's on YOU, NOT GOOD!!
1.1 million jobs in six months is less than the 1.2 million added during the same period a year ago under Obama. #winning
You  are  owesome  .
And if their struggling employees were also making more, maybe this statement wouldn't make me want to barf.
Hey, you’re not up Trumping yet. Has Kelly smashed your phone? I make it over a day now. Is that a record?
Who’s taken over your Twitter account, as there’s no way that that’s you who’s typed in those latest two tweets? Bring back #SocioTrump
@MatureTrumpTwts @AynRandPaulRyan Is it me, or does it look like someone has taken control of his Twitter account? Time will tell.
There’s not been much recent activity over at @POTUS either. Is this a Coup d'État? Could Donnie still have a stand-up career after this?
TRUMP LIED ABOUT CARRIER JOBS. TRUMP LIED ABOUT CARRIER JOBS. TRUMP LIED ABOUT CARRIER JOBS. TRUMP LIED ABOUT CARRIER JOBS. TRUMP LIED
Correct, they will also have a great tax break, and under your tootlige encouraged to not pay taxes..how does that help the poor citizens?
Donnie, you of all people should know greedy millionaires making money does not equate to job growth. Way to jump to conclusions, Donnie
And working class America sees not of it. #CORPORATEGREED
THAT'S BULLSHIT BUSINESSES ARE STILL CLOSING DONALD! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT THAT BLAME IT ON OBAMA OR HILLARY CLINTON!
Keep kicking ass and draining the swamp!!!
IN TRUMP WE TRUST !!!!
Thankfully they are people too.  How come we, the people, are not in the same shoes? No wage increases yet profits continue rising. #fixit
Bro! Sad about the guy that tweeted about shooting protesters I understand he was a supporter of yours. Can you elaborate more on that.
And you still living off the policies Obama put in place...
So nice you say corps are making huge money. What about the middle class and lower end where they need it worst??? It NEVER trickles down!
We already knew corporations were stinking rich, we're still waiting for it to trickle down on the rest of us
