Is #putin et.al. dumping $ into #NYSE?
Stock market not responding w/in historical parameters
since Nov 2016  
why no downward adjustments?
NYSE performance in 2017 typifies nothing more than short term speculation of tax reform for corporations. The moment tax reform dies in the senate, we should see adjustment. If not, then something other than the “invisible hand” is driving performance.
This is even better than a Fidget Spinner
Enjoy!
https://www.pushtrumpoffacliffagain.com/ 
#HappyThanksgiving
Thanks that was fun again and again
～

You are not denied.....
We can thank President Obama’s 8 yrs of growth, not you.  #DonTheCon doesn’t get credit for #Collusion w Russia either.  Too bad.
How the HELL does that benefit the little guy? Got an answer for that?
Nothing to celebrate here Donny!  Thank you Obama! We're still riding that O wave 
That's great! Now put some of that towards the national debt.

Thank you President Obama!
Thanks Obama!
Great motivator and flame bearer, more injection of confidence &  determination to continuously improve economic growth, stock market performance, innovations, employment, safety and security.
Is your head buried in the sand? Shame, shame on you for focusing on the stock market -- don't take credit for it. It is happening IN SPITE OF YOU!

I can top it, the sun shines because of me, lol
So why is your SHITTY ECONOMY only growing SLUGGISH @ 1.5% PATHETIC. Canada's GDP is growing at over 2% CRUSHING USA. SAD
Your the man
You're
...we need those extra dollars for therapists and depression meds since you’ve come into office....
What is it now Mr. President!
Do u include the tribute you got from the gulf countries?
President you will be in charge for a very long time cause you are Strong on Economics, immigration, border security, War, Health,
Tax Reform, Total Reform in counties Welfare Prescriptions to give more $ to hard workers / businesses & the cities budget
Bot
So, what % of your faithful are in the market?
You clearly have ZERO idea how the stock market works. It has NOTHING to do with you and EVERYTHING to do with Barack Obama
Er ist Rober keisen
Donald kilian is the bestester guy who i kenne
Is that all from the crooked deals your campaign manager, son, and son-in-law made with Russia to get you elected.  Fool!
Of course businesses are enthusiastic. You want to cut their taxes. They'll pocket the $$ while workers&the country suffer.
Which would happen considering the US banks print fake money.....it called quantitive  easing
Thanks Obama
Thank you President Obama..
All this despite the best efforts of Dems & GOP Establishment goons to thwart you & OUR work to MAGA!  Thank you, @POTUS
Mr. President that New York City truck attack that guy was a lottery winner from a Diversity Program created by Chuck Schumer in 1990
Thank you Mr. President
Yeah it's too bad you won't give the credit where credit is due this isn't coming from you Humpty Dumpty trumpty this is all the follow-up of Obama because you haven't done anything to get us going out here!
You do know what ever happened up until the 30th of September is under Obama you are from the 1st of October you numpty
It's nothing you did...thank you President Obama!
Stay strong and on course Mr. President 70% of us out here love you keep it up
Sure a lot of "haters" following President Trump. God, I love saying "President Trump" ♡
Bull $h!t
Wow wallstreet and the rich are doing well under a corrupt business man as president? Shocking!  P.s. get off twitter your the potus
도널드 트럼프 대통령 각하 문재인 참수 실행  해주세요  어차피 서울 핵떨어져죽는 사람 빨갱이뿐 알았서좋계서습니다 각하 존경합니다
Thank you Mr. President , you are my President
That's so great for the economy and the the rest off the world . We all benefit in the end .
Only to be spend on security for you and your family gains.
This has absolutely nothing to do with you Donald.
Dear Don, Could you please have the Air force stand down on the chem trails as it is making my family sick.thank you and God bless u&yours
P.s Monsanto is trying to corner the food market by poisoning the food supply.
That's ONE reason why I voted for you Mr. President.
What does that have to do with you?
I appreciate your work.
But the average American is suffering thanks to the greed of Trump.
And you had Zero to do with that. Under Obama it went from about 7000 to 24000 directly from his policies. What policies have you changed?
Ask the Tin Man for a Heart n the Scarecrow for Brain before you hurt/kill us lower, middle and poor class American People!!! Or get lost!
Congrats to the "record business"....  who knew all the vinyl industry needed was enthusiasm?  #lamejoke
I don't want to see Trump President for another 4 Years never the less for another 3 yrs. f my Daughter n I get any poorer we'll be homeless
That is awesome sir.
It's not because of you Mister President!
U had nothing to do with it.
Wow n add the wealth  in casinos where everything goes up for a few rich n crashes for the majority.uncomparable.
You're the worst POTUS in history.  Please resign, thanks.
Loser!
good
So you used the dentist...nice move...never considered that...antenna up...
Too bad almost everyone hates you
Ya had to do with you
No thanks to you. Stop taking credit for that which isn’t yours #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Stock market and Govmnt debt does not equal?? I think this was covered in economics in high school.
There you go again taking credit for somebody else's work
Thank you President Obama. Again trump is taking credit when none is due you. By the way why do all the foreign dignitaries sound smarter.
More FAKE news
The one stat that fake news @CNN and @MSNBC can't manipulate. Keep up the great work! Dem policies are bad news.
@rharrisonfries 
Fire Sessions n mueller Rosenstein McCabe Pompeo 
Arrest clinton lynch n the rest of the 
plz tell me how
Hell yeah!

Thanks, Prez Obama!
So most people don't have stock
Obama did all that   Sike!!!
What exactly does that mean for the average or below average  working people

That only helps half of Americans
Shmumer says we need CEO to manage crisis in Puerto Rico so Dems can skim some money cause are donor's dropping like pedophiles. Harvey !!!
That's just the hyper inflation trump. Don't take credit for obamas bubble
Did anyone see a pay raise yet?
Fake news. Keep up the Russian probe, impeach Trump now
You really need economics 101..Clueless
How 'bout that MORE inflation??
I knew you're the right man for American, though it will still take long for the blind to see and accept.
Careful dems padding system for crash In dollar
"We ,are Hurting out hear ,No Money !
Things are to High , Food is to High 
And Other things to !
Why ?
Is the Banks are not giving
Any Money to people that 
Have Money in them ?
Continuing the trend. Thanks Obama. Stock market has to hit 50,000 to equal the percentage Obama raised it after republican recession.
And your contribution was???
There is no enthusiasm for you except igonarant people who don't know thier rights and how the market works

And I’m sure you’re delusional enough to think you’re responsible 
Thank you Mr. OBAMA!
Not because of anything you did you pouting prince not self made man when daddy give s you money
All you worried about is money.. What come us as the United States states? What about Puerto Rico? They have no power right now
Generational appropriation 
My fireman son-in-law, he is hilarious
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump Do you really think you're making America great again? You've fumbled almost everything you've touched so far.
And the worst reputation amongst our allies 
That is of course since Election Day 
How can that guy sleep at night?
Thanks to you Mr. PRESIDENT.
Stocks are UP cuz you gutted #DoddFrank. You're letting Wall St do SAME RECKLESS that caused 2008 soar & crash.
And your budget is adding 2 more trillion to the deficit. Again the market is reflective of the upward trend started by Obama. Next?
Do you really think everyone is that stupid?

Wow, with all that gain you’d think business doesn’t need a tax cut - doing so well now.
Happy I am too! Wish the Dems were
Yes, it has all the signs of a bubble. We should get the usual Republican economic crash before your impeachment.
Not because of you.
You had nothing to do with stock market when are you and your family going to bring your business from China are you gonna fine yoursef
Business is irrelevant when we have record breaking division and hate in our country.  Also, the highest record since Election Day....
You still are the worst thing happened to Americans after Pearl Harbour
Not because of you!!
nice....
Doesn’t impact poor people or their plight
I wasn't aware that the US had been floated on the stock market.
Great for the wealth of the top ten percent!
FACT
Not true. It began in our honorable President Obama’s. More of ur delusional lies!
THANKS OBAMA!
BEST PRESIDENT, EVER!
TWEETY SUCKS!
TWEETY HATES AMERICA AND HER PEOPLE!
FREAKING DICTATOR.
HATE FILLED ASS HAT!
SAD!!!
5.2 Trillion÷365 million Americans = a family of 4 now has an additional $56,000 now in their bank accounts.  Oh wait.....
Great for the rich!

name one lie? Or just the media saying something is a lie proof enough?
Get out of your goddamned fantasy world. Seriously your response is tragically ignorant.
I just want one lie that I've stated. Just one!
There's a daily press briefing..
I’m waiting to see how the market reacts to the impeachment hearings.
Under Pres Obama, the market tripled, and he was handed the mess.  You started at home plate and think you did somethin
In spite of #SCROTUS. Thank you President OBAMA for the sound fiscal policies that led to those gains.
Yes u should tell Obama..thank u
Until you cannot deliver tax reform because it hurts the USA - so there is that to look forward to. Good Times.
He lies. It’s not as much as he claims. Also, market was in the in uprise long B4 he BC Prez, during Obama era!@
Source?
obama  and hillary create a lot stupid americans followers of the media fake..poor idiots
You are the Man !
Nothing else!!!
So do sonething with it that doesn’t help your personal agenda.
Pity all the work to turn the economy around was fone by Obama’s you fraud.
Who cares
Have you considered that the disasters may have contributed to that?
Fake News
A/K/A ultra wealthy tax evaders are loving the market while the middle class drown in credit slavery
payaso
Thank you Obama
And your plans will crash it
Thanks to Obama for that. Tell people the truth on how it was Obama's budget we were on until Sept. 30th. Always taking credit for ppls work
Mr. President, 'making America Great' is a project but the resources are missing Politics is about how you lookat things. I hope you make it
