protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AM...
@realDonaldTrump
Trump's "best people"
Flynn - Russian ties
Sessions - Russian lies
Spicer -SO MANY LIES
Priebus -gone
All ppl that pulled out of nominations
There’re those fake account likes again.
President Trump. Don't even consider acting FBI director McCabe as new Director. Beware, he's a Judas. A snake, a swamp dweller

Schumer is crying !  Awesome Job President Trump ! We Love You Sir! Thank You  - The American People . Keep Going
Schumer is in tears ! Awesome! We Love You President Trump 
God Save America

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
demon craps suck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we want to overturn the safe act! Trying to take more money out of pockets!
So are USA CITIZENS ITS FOR OUR SAFTY PEOPLE WAKE UP
PLEASE Have HOSPITALS COVER THEIR INJURED EMPLOYEES, OFFER easier position, Worked LEVEL 1 TRAUMA CHICAGO
PLEASE STOP HOSPITAL deny RNS and Family's HEALTHCARE  , Worked 25yrs Dropped BC Injury,Billionaire Hospitals should cover
Husband Insured paid premiums NO AVAILABLE CARE HE'S HURTING BAD,Lost Great Insurance thru RN 25yrs,Hurt took away
AMEN
I wish that President Trump would tell the truth.
buenas rardes
Don't trust Kelly Ann too much...something about her is FAKE...watch your back, please, intuition says she's not 100% right
terrible for Shummer...hello Carifornia... sorry u having problemas... no sorry 
Schumer had a good instructor. initials B. O. It has a peculiar odor,Yes?
@wharton #jerk #moron @potus @realDonaldTrump Wharton school of safe, Donald? Straight A’s!
Mr. President please fact check what you say. I am tired of hearing the lamest ream media cutting you down.
Protesters, use spell check next time.
keep going.  We have your back.  Take down the IRS next. Go forward do not let the haters distract
Rather SAFE THAN OUR LET KILLERS IN REMEMBER
Oh MY BFF RN TRUAMA WAS DETAINED TO SO WHAT
IT was For A Sui driver She drew blood from Oh well
Thank you for MAKING AMERICA NUMBER 1
Kelly made a fool of you
@PhDexpected2017 Chuckie cheese Schumer goes to work via a school bus... can't drive... too stupid
Schumer is so slimmie  , a snake and y we need term limits so bad !! U should not back down on anything !! Push
@POTUS admit it Sir.
Kelly  and puts white out on her computer screen doesn't she
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN - GET RID OF TRUMP!
YOUR FUNNY
we are safe!
we'd be safer without a tyrant in power! So shoo!
we need our gun rights back in USA. To protect our families executive order needed
how about American Patriots there gun rights back nation wide. We are at war with Islamic terrorist.  Executive order
Mr. President, Macedonia is a sovereign Christian nation since biblical times. Dan Rohrabacher is corrupt lobbyist!
Drain the swamp as you promised!!!
Donald if you only watch Fox news, then things are going right. When will you tell the truth for once.
that's right make America safe again if we have to shut our doors we will shut our doors protect our own
America was relatively safe til you took office. Now Americans are terrified.
President Trump  do what you must, CYA, FIRE anyone who undermines you AND KNOW WE HAVE YOUR BACK.IGNORE THE PRESS. TOTALLY
@Tee_Quake
a petition should be circulated in Sen.
Schumer's state to recall him
Russia kicked George Soros out, why can't we do the same? Report more about  his paid rioters. Important to go to CNN, NBC.
Make America Trump-free
Where's your taxes Donny???
Tell us the truth about 911. The real terror and danger is right here!
Schumer approved the ban when Obama wanted it. Then tears up on when you do it.
liar liar pants on fire..let me check with President Bannon on that
If you wanted to make America safe again, then what the hell are you doing in the White House?
it is not America it is us corporation get it right no more lie come on real power city of London no more lies us bankers ?
then stop shooting tear gas at people
Are you watching TV instead of attending to the serious business of your job serving our country?
you're a racist
why do you hate America? And why do you not respect nor understand our Constitution???
any chance you cans drop #dude and be more presidential
statistically America is safer than ever on all fronts. E.g.
Americans  need  be safe fom  trump   cos friend  Russian
that's  who trump  is
goat  trump
Look out your window.  So many hate you.
Make America Safe Again
please be respectful, even to the opposition. Crudeness is not as welcome as you think.
your slogan is getting VERY old since we are no longer great thanks to you and your policies
set Schumer straight on America the land of the free and home of the brave...not the home of criminals and terrorists..
give me your humbled masses yearning to breathe free...not your terrorists and criminals
it's more like make America hate again
Kelly what?#alternative facts.
if u want America safe again, u need to leave the country step down  Presidency, don't EVER show ur face again.
doing a great job keep it up
Kelly is a liar and so are you
apparently they are blind and stupid then cause we just hit an iceberg and are in a coward firey spiral.
won't make America safe just mad and sad.
Bannon/You haven't any empathy?  You don't have a clue!  You should be scared to death like they are of your plans.
You and Bannon are making it worse!  No More War on Muslims who are fleeing for their and families lives, helping US troops
Wrong. This is making us LESS safe. Study the world.
if you want to make America SAFE AGAIN...you might want to think about gun control!!
have some compassion you mangled apricot hellbeast!
SINCE THE PRESS ONLY FOCUSES ON THE NEGATIVITY....YOUR SUPPORTERS ARE NOT HEARD....YOU GO DJT!!!! Shut that judge doen
Safe from what? Very few Americans are killed by terrorists. Far more are killed by other Americans with guns!
prevent another bowling green massacre! You tell em buffalo lips
Please stop using CAPS you are GIVING ME A HEADACHE!
SUCH BULLSHIT!  The so-called president is the source of endless FAKE NEWS!
MASA tastes great and comes from Mexico. Salsa beats ketchup. Melting pot is what made us great. Think fondue you DB. #fdt
Don't lie : weren't you pretty proud when you found one whole new word that also works with your campaign slogan?
Check out This American Life episode 609: 'It's Working Out Very Nicely.' http://tal.fm/609  #delusional
It was safe until you got elected "President:"
Prove to me that banning my 89 YO Mom, born in Syria 1927, from coming to visit her Grands will make America safe again
if u want it to be safe again then drop out of the presidency
giving ISIS a recruitment video and distracting the world on a false threat won't make anyone safer.
You are making it more dangerous every day.  Secretary Kelly is lying.
#MAKEAMERICAFAIRAGAIN #DUMPTRUMP
as an American & veteran  I just want to say thanks Mr. President for trying to keep our country safe, despite libtards 
I was in the Air force for 10 years & enjoyed every second of it, if not for family I'd still be there 
@ScottVAnderson3 middle east & help the loving peaceful Muslims there, no need to bring them here
@ScottVAnderson3 maybe instead of all these snowflakes wanting to bring Muslim terrorists here they can go to the
you're right, America isn't safe. Not while your president
He's just telling U what U want 2 hear so U don't shut him out.
America will never be safe with a Nazi like you in the White House.
wanna Make america "Safe"? BAN these killer cops from killing inner city youth and BAN KKK members. They're the TERRORISTS!
the rioters and anarchists need to be locked up.
absolutely correct. The silent majority is behind you 100%. U r doing a great job. Ignore the libtards.
I love the way u rule u r the best
Islamic immigrants killed O last year. Toddlers with guns-25. Gun violence 12k. What's your plan for that?
are you gonna kick out every single muslims cuz you can't do it I have us citizenship
America is NOT safe while u support big oil. Stop poisoning our waters! Collusion with big oil is illegal
America is the most safe it has ever been. To quote @marilynmanson " Times aren't more dangerous, they're more televised"
123 ppl  been killed by terrorism post 9-11. 260k murdered same period. 319 killd by cow. 811 bees. Bees terrible people!
. We think you will end up in jail and your kids bnkrpt. It's sad how badly you've disrupted peace in the US. Learn our laws
Except for thugs. And illegals.
it's not gonna happen the way you are doing it.. we need a leader not a flunkie! A leader you are not!
Dear President Trump these political hacks will soon be in prison where they belong - the fleecing of USA is over
America will only be safe again only when you will leave the country. Go to rest in Sochi as the Putin's puppet you are!
well, Kelly Anne has established herself as a pathologicL liar. Much like Trump!
"Oh, by the way, has anyone in Washington DC ever heard of the McCarran-Walter Act Of 1952”?
Schuler showed genuine emotion!  I recognize it's tough for a sociopath like you to understand but bullying not necessary!
you are doing a great job, it takes courage to do the right thing, look the disaster Paris is now because of refugees.
#trumpgofuckyourself
im positive im the least of americas safety issues. But i feel like my woman and her family made up lies. Im being hunted
trumplestiltskin. I need help immediately please sir im not a bad dude but this pic pam made has me marked from early on
You are the "emperor with no clothes" if you believe that for a moment!  Your illegal ban will be stopped by our courts.
would be safer without you Agent Orangatan
@POTUS make America safe again I like and love that conservatively perfect
America has been save. In what planet have you been living. America is save, that is why people want to come here
yea by pi $$ing off the entire world? Shame on you. The shoe is about to drop. You're being put on notice.
Embrace Some groundd with The First People with no bias
I know how to fix the financial problems and make America solvent again
Make America safe by making friends NOT enemies which is what you seem to like to do
keep up the pace and the pressure,  greatwork!
terrible news about the Bowling Green massacre. I hope it doesn't impact the Apprentice ratings
@POTUS  by the way QUIT commenting about Arnold.   I love him on show. Re check who is doing ratings. I adore Arnold! !!
Liar.  It's OK, no one believes you anyway.  Happy with the Yes Men around you?
thoes protesters should all be jailed.
fool
