No offence Trump... 
Some stuff you DON'T NEED TO TWEET!! 
Your constant need for attention is childish and worrying...
He honestly does need to tweet it so the MSM doesn't misconstrue what he says.
Really??
In some respects, we're glad he tweets. It's a good way to catch him in a lie.
His SUPPORTERS should beg him not to tweet.
What? What does he lie about?
What?
Tax returns, wealth, connections, facts, figures, job growth, popularity, crowd sizes and probably the size of his cock.
For starters
Give me some specific examples. Job growth is a fact and no extremely wealthy person pays taxes.
Oh, and no extremely wealthy person pays tax?
Can you see what the feckin problem is with that statement??
The problem are the loopholes that allow it to happen. If I didn't need to pay a shit ton in taxes, then I wouldn't.
you don't "allow" anyone to do anything. What you're doing is setting up the perfect storm for World War 3
I believe your implication of POTUS setting up world war 3 is misplaced. That credit belongs to the last 3 or 4 administrations.
if you watched something other than faux news you would know. If you looked at it from a perspective other than Caucasian male you
no bitch you and everybody associated with your are imbeciles. Maybe you should tell those bad apple cops to stop shooting
Bad apple cops...lol... I should tell the bad apple cops to shoot daily..
yeah they should shoot your bitch ass for being such a prick. Choke on a watermelon seed
Please nuke North Korea now
he couldn't do that because her would include some of your wretched kinfolk  pho yu
Every day you look less like a winner!  Let's see some winning!
that's because he's a supreme loser
Just what we need. More weapons in the world
Too late. Smh
I don't thinkit's good for you to do that
Again. @POTUS gets his job duties wrong. He can offer a foreign powers such things but #USCongress makes the decisions.
Luis
Make trouble around the World keep Wars on going so you cam make more money, that's the action of a Rogue State
I am allowing Japan & South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment fro...
about time my President : but why do China have atomic bomb factory and same time support North Korea ?
#AlertTheDayCareStaff
But why trumpet it!
Why Mr.Trump
Joke. All your intention here is to feed the cooperate greed military establishment. You should be ashamed.
Such a peaceful gesture, Mr President.....
Allowing?? Isn’t that nice of you
. . . 

Oop ! . der it iz ! . . . .
"Allowing"? Sounds like you assume Japan and South Korea are your vassal states.
Hmmm.  Whats the end game Pres.
Here the problem with this statement. Yes he can offer the equipment but #Congress has the final say in the matter.
What the fuck
We need to build up our supply first???
K
On one hand you are opposing North Korea and on another hand you want the two countries two buy your weapons isn't it height of hypocrisy ,,
It's good business.  Knowing that Kim would attack Japan and SK if provoked, he's egging Kim on while also making money to sell them military equipment.  Sure it's scummy as all hell but hey, according to him Obama left us in a bad recession >__>
We're about to discover how delicate the balance that has sustained the peace for 60 years actually is. #NorthKoreaNukes
...sadly, true.
Wtf. Smh...
Do you really think that this is going to scare North Korea?  Kim Jong-un believes your rhetoric just as much as we believe his!
Instead of tweeting propaganda and rhetoric, why don't you actually get things done in Washington?
U must be addressing Obamanure...
This msg retrieved from a space satellite eons from now explaining what/who happened to Earth.   Thanks @BLOTUS  Signed, Our (non) Future
I don't know what you've got in mind but the news today about the debt limit made you look like a Democrat puppet.  I hope I misunderstood!
We trust you will do whats best for the American people #MAGA
I would say its time to allow them to have nukes.... Sorry.. the last 3 presidents FUCKED it up.. Too late now.
Mr President  Sir, I am confident that the US, Japan and South Korea will destroy little rocket man! Keep up the good work!
You're awful 
We are allowing you to continue your treasonous rampage only temporarily, so better pack a golden bag for your trip to Mueller town. TAPES!!
Look whose talking, one of the Three Stooges.  It will be easier to breath if you get your head out of your ass.
Good
Why not just sell them all the weapons and shit you were gonna give the cops?  You'd make money AND be recycling!
Congratulations Mr Trump, you are the best... (sarcastic)
Don the Con just keeps lyin'.
Just step down already. America won't think any less of you. According to the polls, they already think less of you then any President ever.


Wow, this is just so amazingly big of you. We'll *let* them buy more shit. Don't worry you'll be the richest man on the cinder soon.
A day late and a dollar short, don't you think? With increased sophistication comes longer training requirements.
Why Mr President?
Would you see that English becomes Americas' 
OFFICIAL language.
I'm.........you mad man ...
Putting more sactions on Nonth Korea is like backing a Rat into a corner the only thing the rat has left to do is bite back!.
Strategically this is sound & gives us quick response teams within those countries to assist in NoKo! 
goid, now if anything happens. we don't need to get involved
SO THIS IS WHAT U MEANT BY FIRE AND FURY? FRICKING WIMP!
Prevent the war, let's praise God and live.
Kindly chant Hare Krsna and stop this kind of terrible economic development.
In my opinion, "Feed my lamb" means bible education and daily bread.
Japan? One of the countries that tried to take the world over....literally? That Japan? You are an imbicil. #TrumpResign 
#ImpeachTrump
https://t.co/RE3gpzBEOo?amp=1
Haaaahaaaaa you are are you?
Allowing? Congress controls the $ - you would know this IF you took and could pass a basic civics test. #ToddlerInChief
You are going to start a 3 world war
Just making things more complicated
in the history of the united states of america, you are the first racist president
Aint you the kindharted mofo
Double standard and mean policy of US,they create tension b/w two country to increase their sale of milt equipment

Ur doomed to fail
Take your goat humping ass back to your cave.
War mongerer
So far so good. All of it!
Exactly...again...uncle trump..pick one thing and stick without it..wow....this is too fun
Don't be lured into first strike, PLEASE read this. Are we being baited?
Best President in history.
We know u got a handle on the business of running this country and trust your judgement way more than Obama's
Would you quit saying "I am", please represent us as a democratic nation, please start using the "United States" or the "American people"..
Mr. President I think it is time to revisit the Reagan star wars program and make nuclear weapons obsolete and a thing of the past
History has its eyes on you.
ALLOWING????
Great job! You are making me proud of our system and glad that I voted for you!
Not a bad idea, Sir.
Listen i voted for you, now you are starting to not make sense. Why would u sell anyone our best equipment?
Why not? I voted 4 him 2 & didn't realize until he started speaking up what a big mess he inherited. These rogue nations r bullies.
Sure they have right 2 protect themselves from No Korea! We need 2 rid world of that maniac menice!
Good businessman!
Remember #Walmart is #China retail wise. They wouldn't exist without China. For one, that is bullsh** for an American Co. to need them2Run.
Please #Resign I have NOT felt safe since the day you took office! #Tyrant
Gi o trumpt.
You are a disaster trump!
That is good, strengthen our allies and grow our military industry
Why
US strike action is just the solution
The goal= money making.

????

Shame on THIS 

THINK HUMAN
NO ILLEGALS
BUILD THE WALL

Good on yer Donald,loads a money for  your mates.Profitable business this war business.
I have chair for sale. Scandinavian design Bruno Mathsson. Good condition.
Cash and Carry !! The world at war !! AGAIN and SOON!!
Nooo~THAT (Japan/SKorea) armingwill cause China to put pressure ON "Baby Kim" to Cool His Jets. ChinaWant WAR~just to be the BIGof Asia!!
USA can justify giving Japan & S.Korea nukes because they have to in order to meet N.Korean aggression. China will reap what it sowed.
I am allowing you to stop watching TV after bedtime and change your depends
It isn't a good idea to let your left hand know what your right hand is doing.
Top secret Info should never be dispalyed for the enemy
Gosh. That's so big of you.
Hik gun sanu v dila dey 
hello
You mean you are arming your allies
I hope it doesn't turn out to be a bad idea 10 & 20 years from now.  With N.K. acting up I know it is a sort of 'bad weird'.
The most courageous american president of alltime
He hides in a nuclear bunker, how is that courageous?
F-off Lucy, and leave our country.
Not in it and with that Muppet in charge, who would want to be is that banjos I hear?
Lol "Allowing"
isn't that the same as with North Korea now ??? Loser !!!!
i allow you to shut up...please...just once and never speak again...please
In return, they are giving Ivanka price breaks on the cost for their 8 year olds to make her shoes.
Have you considered flying a plane over NK territory, giving NK an ultimatum b4 hand that shooting down the plane will lead directly to war?
Let's just be careful that they stay on Our team!!
Let's team up to rid Fridgey!!
with nukes?
am sure, Maniac North Korean boss Kim jong-un don't care about this. Think other option to scare him.
That's the kind of tactical, military information a POTUS shares with the whole world.
And what about Australia? We are allies yes?
Good, we need a strong Japan with us.
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $57,661,482.03 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 
And of course you are stating sources for your "facts"!
“YOU” are allowing??? You are the #fakepresident not the man who would be king! 3 million more people voted AGAINST you than for you!
And a WHOLE lot of them want him GONE.
Products of the United States don't have qualitity.
And military equipment is bad. 
You're bad!
Lol you need help
Ehm...
Yes!
What?!?! May I ask why when South Korea wants to nuke us??? I am scared of another world war....
What is wrong with you? YOU DON'T ANNOUNCE to the world what you are planning! You don't think NK spies aren't monitoring you????
The USA is not one of your business endeavors. You are supposed to be leading the country, not running a corporation.
I hope is doesn't end up in North Korea.
Ok Geraldo, tell the world about ally defenses.
You a dumass
Highly sophisticated military equipment? Do you sell bombs with tophats now?
Excellent!  N.Korea is in THEIR Backyard--not ours
Amerika adlh negara kuat, klau negara kuat seharus.y berani memberi peringatan trhdp negara korut tp jk tdk maka negara amerika sebalik.y!
fake potus tooting his own dull horn again. I, i, i. Me, me, me. Boring.
So now we are conducting trade  and diplomacy over Twitter.
Less Talk, More Action.  Thank you @POTUS finally we have someone who will get things done.  One way or another.
Keep on tweeting!!!!
Why are your "hands" too small? Can't do it all yourself?
How very assuring, Sir.
いらない…
Will decide your significance, good or bad. Strive for the good, not the bat-s*** crazy.
Russia looking like world police now telling even US what and what not we can do. Russia looking dominate and stronger then US
昨日の返信ツイートの補足。トランプ氏のツイートの仮訳を記しておく。「私は日本と韓国が米国から高度に洗練された軍事機器を大幅に購入することを認めている」。I am allowingとなっているが、ここには氏の意思が表れていると考える。
I am allowing Japan & South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Anything to take the attention off this guy. And YES, YOU are under investigation Donny Two Scoops! 
#TrumpRussia
This was obviously the endgame all along with all the "fire and fury" rhetoric. Trump is owned by the Military-Industrial Complex. #Greed
Seriously dont do anything
allowing??
If we wipe out NK, China will wipe us out. Tread carefully...
Remember when we had things made in America? The quality was supurb.. When things were made in Japan they were awesome too. China cheats us.
It is a good thing to set it up so people can defend themselves. People being able to take care of themselves, and protect themselves. Good!

I implore you to take your some and go to Florida this weekend and play golf.
Japan is such wuss...not sure if those weapons will be ever used  I wonder (and I am Japanese)
YOU'RE allowing. That statement says it all. Goodbye democracy.
Sure @realDonaldTrump we all know this is all about selling more weapons, our #1 export.
Even if this is true, this seems like something you shouldn't tweet, in case their enemies are reading!! Dummy.
He does it so they can see it. Reverse psychology
More money, lot of money for usa.
Go President Trump
I don't want to buy it.

Japan people are poor.
Why????
you wed to stope using "I".  How about "We"?
Now with a nuclear N.Korea, costs may be too high to stop them. USA should help Japan, N.Korea, ans (secretly) Tiawan become nuclear also.
Resign
Great. Give N. Korea even more reason to bomb us
