When do you reveal these “results”?
Your rhetoric solves nothing. Grow up time to stop dividing this country
#FakenewsCNN and corrupt Mayer is playing politics at the expense of sufferings of #SanJuan . Mayer is not cooperating with fed FEMA. #trump
She wouldn't even go to the main FEMA camp to coordinate where to send help 10k containers supplies sitting in ports no  s to transport.
If the #Governor is as smart as I think he is, she won't be #Mayor long.
I hope so. The fact. #Governor said he to take time to prove what was going on and #Mayor was lying about no help is sad.
You are a paid Russian troll.
Mr Pres all due respect how is it that all the pundits are pushing 4 A special prosecutor 2 investigate U1 yet JS does nothing time 4 JS 2go
AMERICA NO LONGER BELIEVES U, NO ACTION ALL LIES TRUMP, Chief with new suit of clothes is NAKED TO THE WORLD! make America great again LEAVE
So like are yall paid by hillary to tweet this drivel or is everyone with a brain at work
Let's wait for the dead count. 
We see your true colors,  liar!
Liar in chief!
Vomit
Still at it eh? #biggestsnowflakeofthemall #MALIGNANTNARCISSIST #fakepresident #loserofthepopularvote #NotMyPresident
Are you allowed to be criticized? It is going to happen for the rest of your life. Just wait until the next President takes office!
Dude are you trying to “help” while insulting the helped??? Worst. “President”. Ever.
If anyone truly loved you Don, they'd take away your ability to keep this shit up on Twitter. But, malignant narcissists are unlovable.
LIAR!
You lie!
President Trump is the moral leader that this country needed after 8 years of having an ethically bankrupt cover-up artist in the White House
Bahahahaha...no words, just...bahahahaha.
Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.
Now, stick to plans support the people of Puerto Rico and send enough troops and assistance to truly aid recovery.
that's not what ur generals say...
Worse than Katrina.

No water, no food, and no help: "They have forgotten about us" http://nyti.ms/2fyPw99  #PuertoRico #TrumpsKatrina
San Juan mayor @CarmenYulinCruz, trying to save the lives of 400,000 Americans

Trump, golfing
STOP ATTACKING THE SAN JUAN MAYOR!!!
The anti-Trump Mayor of San Juan,PR.has a long history of supporting convicted terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera..
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
obama is better than you
F U
yes great help..  the san juan mayor is a cnn & msnbc hillary Clinton obama ass kisser....
Oh wow you got them all in there.   Did you want to add snow flake for good measure?  It's seems like that's all you guys can ever say
YOU'RE A JOKE OF A MAN.
Translation: How dare they have a natural disaster when I have a golf weekend planned out, got a spray tanning guy booked and everything.

You’re insane.
Absolutely - the MSM will never tell the truth!
The San Juan Mayor is a woman walking on the flooding contaminated waters helping PR and U attatcks her? Just cz she's Not Kissing ur assSOB
It blows my mind that millions of people are throwing their integrity out the window for some dude they would have laughed at 3 years ago
We DID laugh at Obama 3 years ago!
More than a week and you decide to be a cheerleader. Get your sorry ass over there now!
You’re doing what you can to try to fix your own PR failures.
Get off your ass and help PUERTO RICO!!
#TRUMPisLAZY
#RACISTTRUMP
"Everything we can..."
Tweet from the fairway?
@CarmenYulinCruz is doing all she can and you are just being a dick.
Grow up, dude.
You are a pitiful tiny handed little man. 1 minute they need to help themselves out their own infrastructure mess, the next they are "great"
Strange how he did well in florida (voted for him) and Texas but no votes allowed from P rico hence no help

President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
She is literally wading through sewage to find and help people!
They need toilet paper and someone to wipe their asses
You're right. They have to help themselves. We can't do it all.
I don't mind helping someone that tries to help themselves , But I'm not going to change your diaper and spoon feed a grown person.
The only thing I can say is boy do I hope you are right
Trump keeps out douching himself
We believe you @POTUS, the Fake News is trying to deceive the American People once again.
This woman is a political hack, which is why CNN decided to use her for their own propaganda.
The Leftist media will do anything to lie about President Trump.
The *American journalists will do anything to *uncover the truth about this horrible excuse for a leader.
With as many disasters that happened back to back, people are stretched out. President Trump's doing the best we can with what we have. jmo
Ya cállate por favor 
No you are not.

Liar
Your recovery efforts leave a lot to be desired. How wad the President's Cup? Did you pass the hat around for Puerto Rico?
as long as the big ocean water doesnt get in the way. i mean the titanic sank trying to get to Puerto Rico #pospotus
Actual aide would also speak louder and the Mayor could help her people!
We are not doing all that we can!  That is a LIE!
Shut the fuck up!!!
Nah, he's not gonna shut up. #MAGA
You're a liar.
And if you're a trump supporter then you're a Dumbass.
Haha! That's pretty good bantz! Liar.
You know what? I'm not going to waste my time talking to a racist idiot trump supporter. Goodbye!
Yet, here you are. Keep spreading your lies, it'll ensure victory in 2020.
Okay. Bye bye now. Delusional trump troll.
U just got there
Really?He is not super man.At lest he didn't go play golf,& disappear when our ambassador & our soldiers were murdered N Benghazi.#GHAB
Yes we can tell from your ENDLESS INFANTILE TWEETS
What makes u think she's complaing, fool?  She's working hard to help her people and to get some help for them. What are u doing?  Golfing?
She's one of the great people.  She just happens to think you suck at your job. Like most of us here. #UBUM
Thank you!! #PR How can #SanJuanMayor say with a straight face ppl are dying when tons of food r behind her! Statements made 4 Shock value
Send them golf.
Your habit of putting people down is #DEPLORABLE!  Little hands, little mind. San Juan Mayor is doing a tough job with grace & compassion.
고맙다
She is not complaining but asking for more help... PR needs HELP now!
Liar Liar 
SHE IS A LIBERAL PROBABLY GETTING PAID BY GEORGE SOROS.WHY HASNT JEFF INDICTED HILLARY,LYNCH,COMEY,KOSKINEN AND HOLDER.THESE PEOPLE
Your juvenile pettiness is bottomless, grow up

Houston. Was prepared before the hurricane. The mayor. Of San Juan Puerto Rico what is she doing with tax payers money
I mean not really but ok
Starting from nothing, it takes a while to get everything working again. Everyone is working hard. Locals need to assist to speed up process
Way to go---knocking a person when they're down. She's under a Hell of a lot of stress right now; not out playing golf.  How about cutting her some slack. All she wants to do is save lives. I'm sure that if your toilet overflowed, you'd call it the worst flooding EVER.
Thanks
No wonder his casinos go into bankruptcy; @realDonaldTrump always doubles-down on a bad hand. 

#PuertoRico
President Trump should be working with the Mayor of San Juan. NOT wasting his time by sending her insulting tweets.
You are a little man who cannot deal with an earnest, strong woman outperforming you. #patheticPOTUS

THE PRESIDENT IS A REFLECTION OF THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES

HOW DO YOU SEE YOURSELF???

MIRAR888

minute of silence from you.?
FAKE PRESIDENT
FAKE 1ST LADY,NOT SAYING MUCH,MAYBE SHE'S NOT ALLOW TO SPEAK ON HER OWN
FAKE ADMINISTRATION
I will not forget the complaints by San Juan Mayor and I will not forget your criticism of PR
like hell you are......not
KEEP HELPING AS BEST AS WE CAN.
LET THE FOOLS BABBLE ON AS USUAL.
WE CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH IN COVERING THE WORLDS PROBLEMS.
GOD IS IN CONTROL
Too little, too late
Taking 2,000 meal kits into a town of 5,000 (heard on news) is not helpful, it is cruel! It is heartless, take care of everyone! HELP PR!
Learn more words.
Yah, the more I see this dumb ass ignorant rude tweet, the more sickened I am by the Trump presidency. Trump has no integrity.

How comes that the army can't get the drinking water supply up. Results truly speak for themselves! #PresidentFail
BREAKING US Army says 55% of "customers" (1.87m people) on Puerto Rico have no drinking water, up from 44% (1.5m) in the past four days.
I'll just leave that here...
The difference between Donald Trump and the Mayor of San Juan in two photos https://www.indy100.com/article/puerto-rico-donald-trump-san-juan-mayor-hurricane-disaster-7976381 …
How would you feel in her shoes?  Would you grade yourself with an A or would you critique yourself more honestly?
San Juan Mayor reminds me of Ray Nagin. Very incompetent, no plans, all about blaming others & making sure they personally profit monetarily
There are 78 mayors and a Governor in Puerto Rico. 77 mayors AND the Governor disagree with the 1 Trump hating Mayor
#SundayFuture
Seriously still attacking a mayor dealing with a disaster of horrific proportions??

You are so wrong!! Karma is a bitch!! Yours is coming!!!
I don't think she was complainting she was begging for help after 8 or 9 days without water or food WHAT WOULD YOU DO
Resign. Now.
Thanks task forces in Puerto Rico May you advance  healing & restoring #thankGodforlaborers #help #speaksupport #choosehonor #together #care
Another Trump lie
BE A MAN ALREADY AND FO YOUR JOB! She needs help!!! Puerto Rico is a commonwealth of the US! Do your job!!!!



when you croak - hopefully soon, of sheer embarrassment as we uncover your MASSIVE crimes against humanity, we will celebrate!
this mayor is another Clinton. We're sure she is keeping donations for herself!
the woman was pleading for help....she wasn't "complaining" she's devastated! Maybe once u see it you'll get it!
Now u r. Called out 4 lack of action
Resign now!
Very important you do your job and stop worrying about small shit respect everyone not just a flag
How about you stop complaining
Keep working hard Mr. President, love all the emphasis that you're dedicating to Puerto Rico. Hugs from Hatillo, Puerto Rico!
https://www.facebook.com/lisa.whicker/posts/10214118055008099 …
@realDonaldTrump just shut the fuck up you lying treasonous worthless POS!!! You are a total epic failure & should be behind bars!!!
How was golf?
She is just a Democratic puppet.
Shut up.  Child.
Not your lazy ass efforts... you're useless except for you're the best Putin cockholster EVER! POSFU45!
How does golfing help them?
Maybe if the mayor of San Juan would attend some FEMA meetings, instead of posing for photos and bashing @POTUS , she'd actually realize A LOT is being done to help ALL of the residents of Puerto Rico!!!
From his golf course, he says this woman in waist-deep water using a bullhorn trying to find survivors, is a poor leader.
Ka Trina Trump!
YOU ARE THE PARTISAN, NOT THE MAYOR!
Do that and show off after the job is done!

Shut UP about the mayor already. Just fucking do the job, Christ. Is is THAT hard to contain yourself for ONE tweet?
But WHY would mayor COMPLAIN?!?! Aren't you the MAN?!?! Aren't you the BESTEST with the BIGGEST...everything?!?!?
I bet your wife would agree that you should resign I think you know to its the right thing to do resign be great again.
LIAR
Only took a week and a half once you got your photo op.
No you are not. Get trucks down there to deliver food and helicopter to upright the cell towers.
Go there.
Go there .No fancy clothes. To personal staff. Just an ordinary low to middling working class person . Then judge
Stop interferring with your spec. If state.
 Attacking San Juan Mayor over Twitter helps the great people of PR? 
How does that work, exactly?
she a dumb Lib who is exploiting a devastating situation for her own gain,  sad.
The SJ Mayor is just taking advantage of the situation. Go to the Ocean Park area in SJ you will see the real disaster that she is. She Suck
Me. President. Please we need a raise on SSI and Social Security.
Bullshit
liar!
Let's see how long you can take it. DUMP ALL WE HAVE INTO Puerto Rico!!!! Get those people help or better yet get them out of there.

I don’t hear you bragging about the fact that everybody in ICU hospital ward died!- quoted by person living in PR https://twitter.com/nelsonmrosario …
you're golfing tweeting you're relaxing you flying around your cabinent
flying around no Meaningful legislation epic fail
You’re such a tough guy, but can’t face criticism from a Hispanic woman.
#OhShutUpTrump
Remember Mr. President, YOU get MORE with sugar n nice words than attacks! Our FAMILY LOVES your Fam. & Our Beautifullest 1st lady Ever is Awesome. Let no one Attack her!!
Gen Honore and your friend Curt Schilling disagree with you #TrumpsKatrina
Dan Rather said "I do not believe that 'blame the victim' is what Americans expect of their president." And the world is horrified. #Resign
YOU were playing GOLF. THEY were DYING. Pathological liar!
No your not!
We need you to do MORE!! She's up to her knees in water and your critizing her!! Talking about the debt when TX and FL own more!!
Is their president helping, #YOU
u wish u have a 10% if the empathy  & moral fiber the mayor of SJ HAS.  YOU WISH....


