not being able to shop across state lines was its biggest conceptual mistake ever!
It's pretty simple. Thank God for Donald 
Trump! #MAGA
stop saying the same thing. We want details . With what. This tells me you got nothing
You & #GOP have no replacement plan. Millions of your supporters will lose their coverage bcuz of your con job. Sad. @realDonaldTrump
I you believe that then De-Schedule Medical Cannabis We are Patients NOT Criminals
do you tweet on the loo between pushes??? 4mins in between tweets seems long unless your pushing a big turd out
Bill Clinton just said Obamacare is not fair so what ya gonna say now?
Remove the mandate. One big campaign promise complete. Easy. Calling my senator and congressman to do it.
like Trumpcare? no sorry Trumpdontcare #clownpresident

Why haven't you done this already?
and that's fine for people who want insurance I don't want Insurance never been sick a day in my life
wait.. you and your clan have no plan? #clanwithnoplan
.@realDonaldTrump First! Stop The lies!
Here are the facts according to a Kaiser Family Foundation study. HealthCare premium for the past 5yrs has decreased http://kff.org/health-costs/press-release/average-annual-workplace-family-health-premiums-rise-modest-3-to-18142-in-2016-more-workers-enroll-in-high-deductible-plans-with-savings-option-over-past-two-years/ … 
We can take the "Cuban" or "bandaid"approach and try repairing it (IROAN) and end up witg a  mess OR build a new one.
2681 days and we're still waiting for said plan........
put everyone  (congress, senate, executive branch and no exceptions) on ACA. Share the high deductibles and penalties.
Get the Clowns running scared Mr. Trump
I've always found that if I'm trying to get people to work together, calling them "clowns" is always the best 1st step.
You might talk to the insurance companies about their rates then...aince it is based on the market...for someone who claims to understand..
.@realDonaldTrump Republicans maneuvered to defund coops to cause Obamacare premiums to rise before the election
GOP withheld $2.5B for high risk pools from Obamacare coops, forcing premiums to rise before election, suddenly find $25B after Trump win! 
So why didn't the Dems mention/push this in the debates etc. leading up to election?
Until it's literally being yanked out from under them, people aren't the least interested in how the rug works.
kind of what republicans let bankers do republicans have a better way bullshit
glad you admit there is no replacement plan.
Trump what does Putnam have over u? Act like puppet. Show ur TAXES!! The ppl to left don't want u only the so called Right!
Keep tweeting...because we love the truth and finally we're getting the truth Thanks to you Mr. Trump. 
have at it. You promised repeal "on day one" w/o a replacement regardless of how many it hurt. Now you are looking for
, Set the RULES for the Health Industry. Then Allow Competition to Lower the Cost.
Do that, liberals will be receptive. Maybe you should have been encouraging republicans to work with dems the past 8 years.
Who are you and what did you do with Trump?
uhhhh I thought u had a plan, a great plan????
All you and your Cabinet billionaires care about is cutting costs for the rich. You’d like poor sick people to disappear.
Yeah thats why my poor and sick friends can't afford food thanks to the ridiculous healthcare costs.
Blame the rich. Blaming the poor is dumb.
I blame Obama and his bullshit Healthcare system.
how is it Obamacare?
It took away a lot of affordable Healthcare plans and forces you to buy the new ones or get fined.
it ended junk insurance that had annual and lifetime caps but you must buy from exchange if you want subsidy.
Remove profit motive from health insurance & you'll get better care & lower costs for all.
punks in Chicago beat mentally disabled kid, called him the N word and told him to say "I love black people" hate crime!
If you'd like Democrats and Republicans to work together, maybe dial back on things like calling the senate minority leader "head clown"?
but he is...schummer is an azz!
The people in both parties want a public option. You'll get Dem support, if you push it.  Ball is in YOUR court.
If Trump pushes for keeping his campaign promises, and works on a public option. He'll have many Dem's support.
That's exactly right but how? It's a shame we can't all come together.
UAT a Great Proposal: Better Plan to replace Greatly Compromised AC we now have. UAT's your Plan? @realDonaldTrump #housegop #housedemocrats
#TrumpLeaks #TreasonousTrump #theresistence
Isn't blaming exactly what you're doing w this tweet? Where's your proposal on how to fix it?
we are working on it! He hasn't even taken office yet! Obamas had eight years! It just kept getting worse!!!
haven't repubs also had 8 years to propose improvements?
propose improvements AND work together.
we didn't need a new president for that to start, some just don't want obama to have any credit
His credits: creating more debt and sucking us into what was sold as affordable healthcare.
and reducing unemployment, advanced social issues, implemented oCare with O GOP support.
Are we going to get a single payer system like other wealthy, developed countries? Somehow I doubt it.
...yeah but you need to get to the underlying issue that the health care industry is trying to be profitable & it shouldn't
