Also you told Stern You should be called a brave soldier for having so much sex while our soldiers were fighting & dying
Blumenthal is FAKE!
like your service in Vietnam Draft Dodger?  Which foot was it again?  Oh you don't remember.  #FakePresident
Admit it Donny, you secretly love CNN almost as much as you love Putin.
Cuomo isn't interested in the truth. More fake
you are becoming the laughing stock of the world. You are what people really think of when they hear "fake news".
Grow up, Mister So-Called President. You bring nothing but disgrace to your office.
he asked this as first question. You're a liar & a disgrace #NotMyPresident #PutinsPuppet #Resist #IMPEACHTRUMP
Everybody know about you being a Draft Dodger, coward!
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS once joked about dodging STDs as "scary...my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave solider."
Don. You're pathetic.
I thought you didn't watch CNN
I support trump view for his country ## no one is Perfect in this world except Almighty God ####
It isn't "FAKE NEWS" It's an interview on "ANOTHER TOPIC"
it's the first question he asked him   stop lying
hey jerkoff. The president needs to stop lying. But of course u will just excuse me if lying
Trump when you watch the news what the fuck do you hear Pay close attention next time. 
#paranoid much
Donnie.. um.. have you looked up the word 'Fake' in a dictionary? It's that big book over there DeVos doesn't recognize.
pero debe saber sobre la mentira ?
this from a 5 time draft dodger #illegitimatepresident
like Pocahontas and her Native American Heritage?
um Kelly Ayotte confirmed this yesterday in an interview. Looks like you need to get your administration straight!
FAKE PRESIDENT!
I voted for you and support you, but please put down the Twitter!  Your constant comments make it hard to support you Sir!
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump true. In fact his comments are why 4 federal judges ruled against him. Now we just need 5 more
The topic at hand is not Vietnam which you did not participate in. It is you lying about what the judge stated
it's clear that you're realizing that you told another lie and now you're trying to shift the blame
it's different when Donnie lies he believes it's true
Get a life and quit desparging everyone who says anything you dont like  6year old!!!!
fake president
Fake news are made up stories, not stories that don't focus on what you want. I'm dizzy from shaking my head so much!
it was his first question to the Senator who ducked the question as most politicians do - glad we both watch #CNN
I just heard Cuomo ask him TWICE! FAKE PRESIDENT!
If you’re using Twitter to try to manipulate business activity to benefit your children, what is being done secretly?
Damn you comment fast. Don't you have anything better to do?
Do what you’re good at.
You're good at leeching off someone more successful than you will ever be. Nice life.
The biggest leeches are people like Trump who supposedly made billions from exploiting others and is now exploiting the Presidency.
you must be a very gullible person to believe what you just wrote. He worked for his money
No. Other people worked for his money.
damn I need to find someone who will work & give me the money. Get over Hillary losing. Grow up
@ChrisCuomo Donnie just called you out from his golden toilet! Keep reporting the truth. He can't handle it!
AND DT will NEVER admit when he's wrong?Can u imagine if Obama told as many lies that DT has in 3 wk
8 years of lies and no progress to show for it
fake news
FAKE Election!
CNN is showing clips that he did ask- you're looking even more like a fool!
like all boys in this country nooooo
While you're on the subject  @realDonaldTrump could we request some clarity on the "medical deferment" that allowed you to avoid the draft?
Your a fucktard Ciaran.  Marching in boots with heel spurs..bad idea.   Stealing Valor....piece of shit who should be flogged!
21 veterans commit suicide  a day and all you worry and complain about is the media go fuck yourself
Thank God we now have a president that respects our Veterans. go kiss your mom with that mouth
coming from someone who dodged the draft
what company did you serve in in Vietnam?  #glasshouses
you're a fine one to talk. When did you serve?
My husband served proudly in Nam. A shame that this guy lies
at least the Senator served...what did u do?
"GET OFF TWITTER and finish reading my 5th grade political science book!" Said Barron to his 70 year old father.
in his tweets, never mentions QuebecAttack or attacks in his name in general. Longterm lies abt hating violence.FAKE PRES!
@camanders43
sometimes you get carried away with the nonsense the media throws at you. Ignore it.
please....I beg you....STOP tweeting and worrying about what people say about you! Run the country!!
OR... it's like the first thing he asked. Unlike you who made up some foot ailment to get out of serving. Such a coward.
You Big Dummy
@ChrisCuomo Congrats  #isupportcnn #realnews #keepupgreatjournalism 
I'm sure someone like yourself who did serve their country hates hearing that.  #hypocrite #dondeferment
Call it like it is, LIES!!! By really sick left liars and whiners. What do they think they are going to get for their abuse
Hey deferment boy, I served in Nam. Get a haircut, you look like a God damn fool. #FAKEHAIRCUT
let's talk about you lied about Vietnam!!! 5 deferments???? Forgot which leg???! Sure
@JudiLoera @VP @Cernovich #ItsNuclearTime
I for one wake up and thank God for President Trump & his ability to keep Loyal loving Americans safe every day.
So tell us Donnie, have you remembered which foot your very bad bone spur was on?
you are fake news Trump!!!!
We've definitely been asking to see your tax returns. Where are they?
Was that the primarly purpose and subject of the interview?
FAKE ADMINISTRATION
Well they're covering a fake president
Please tell us about your brave #service. How are your feet doing in those fancy shoes?
I think you misunderstand what the words 'fake' and 'news' mean.
mr president why don't you get with republican congress and re write a new order worded so it would win in liberal court
it doesn't matter what the order says, soros groups will Sue. Please imprison soros and confiscate wealth.
YOU ARE A CHILD
Stop lying.
fetö out
THEY'RE ALL LAUGHING AT YOU @KellyannePolls @StephenBannon @PressSec @seanspicer @POTUS #presidentJOKE #Putinspuppet
just look over your orange shoulder, around the corner
...did he ask you which foot got you out of your service?  Do you even remember?  #SAD #FAKEMALADY #WASITLEFTORRIGHT
You're FAKE NEWS.  Always have been.
deflect much CONald Trump?
Exactly!
Please seek help for your narcissism.
I'm loving this shakespearean fool. You say things the way they are . No sugar coating
you lie way too much. Even you can't keep up with your lies. Still waiting on health care for all. Lololololoololololololol
You're a FAKE PRES!
he wasn't lying about what ur nominee said Other people were there! U just doing another personal mean attack on someone
because you have such respect for war heroes. Oh... wait. Actually, you like to take cheap shots at them. #POTUS
How many deferrals did you have?
While on the subject.
How many times did daddy payed to get you off the draft?
5 times? Hypocrite.
What's you service record in Vietnam, oh right sore foot.
@DonaldTrumpAsia How can u say Fake News when u dodge the draft 5 times.
hahaha u only get 57k views n ur the Potus. SAD!!!!!!!!!   Loser
Donny you just can't help your self but to lie The only prob is YOUR trumpikins believe you I think you Very sad
fuck trump
You invented FAKE NEWS aka LIES!!!!! #fail #notmypresident #fascist #dictator @sshole
Hitler had a catch phrase too, FAKE NEWS is what it was.  He also wanted to expand police powers, spy on citizens, etc.
sweetie, almost everything that comes out of your mouth is fake news. let's stop going there shall we.
That's all you say about anything. It's a laugh now!!
How about your bone spurs,  (FAKE ILLNESS)
president and media……
Actually he did ask.  FAKE PRESIDENT
Proved you wrong right out of the gate! Keep lying. You keep forgetting, tv is forever!
Well, at least he signed up for the service, even if it was reserves. YOU DODGED THE DRAFT 5 TIMES. #coward #loser #twit
YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ARE FAKE NEWS!
no different than all your fake facts.  What's your point?
#BrainwashedLiberals
@debra_bonanno @realDonaldTrump TRUE
you are fake mate
you are a draft dodger and a hypocrite.
CNN is dead to me
and me too
liar! He did ask tho it's irrelevant
YOU ARE FAKE ...SO SAD....SMALL. ...AFRAID. ..FEARFUL. ..PERIOD!
another fail. You keep losing over and over. Such a fiasco president.
In fact, the fake news here is your own lie.
God to know you served your country so well at great risk. #toysoldier
when did you fight in Viet Nam oh yeah that foot thing and 5 deferments. Fake hero
we can no longer trust the MSM. Sad!
it's ok if they LIE, but jump down your throat at every word of truth
.@realDonaldTrump @LiveLoveFlorida Pathological liars tend to be the ones most outraged when other people lie & get away with it.
Hence the liberal meltdown
How can we all be pathological liars, Cris? He may believe he is truthful but his lies r documented.
I didn't say all Liberals. I'm talking about the ones freaking out & twisting stories 2 make Trump look bad.
When the only media backing u up is Fox, InfoWars & Daily Caller - something is amiss.
You literally stated what's wrong w/ all news! They shouldn't back anyone 
Media is supposed to check facts. If president's statement is not factual, their job is to correct.
Damn, #OrangeFuhrer you lie constantly with no regard for reality. You'll sizzle in hell for what you've done & doing.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
You are fake...let someone else run the country
Grow up!
No sir, fake news is what got you elected.
brilliant clean house President Trump
At least he lied about going instead of lying to get out of it.
would like to know the truth as a citizen.
He actually brought it up right away, it was on TV. You should stop being a liar, it hurts your "fake news" narrative.
His first question was about the lies he told about service, you lie sir
More fodder for SNL
actually he did. Liar
Whatever, Bone Spurs.
liar liar liar
why don't you talk about how you dodged service Trump
It was literally his first question
US Military Officials Just Blamed Trump For Disastrous Raid That Killed American Soldier
Yes he did @ the beginning of interview. U want DVR copy?
Did not take Chris Cuomo long to debunk this. Check your facts.
you're watching it though....
and he did not even have the Minefield that you had to deal with. All those vaginas
It wasn't even a lie, stupid Trump.
takes one to know one cheeto
Says the man with 5 military deferrals and NEVER served ANYWHERE! Bad, stinky, nasty breath (shut it!).
he served during Vietnam, did you? NO!
Lets see the DD-214
Um yes he did! You're the fake
coming from you, a draft dodger, doesnt mean anything.
Where's your tax return.   #FakePresident
funny just watched it and he did bring it up. You're fake @POTUS
Fake ass President!!!
Except he did. Fake tweet POTUS lies
R u sure u know the definition of Fake News or are you mixing in another Trump definition? Hard 2 tell these days
@Chriscuomo  How long were you in Viet Nam Mr. President?
How about your tax returns? #longtermlie
Let's talk about your "service" in Vietnam shall we? Oh wait. We can't. You've never served your country. #GlassHouses
your use of the word "about" is redundant.  Very poor grammar. SAD
Should he ask you about your service? Or your lies? Or your failures? Or your... oh so many
His record in Vietnam is not the issue, if you want to make that the issue then let's talk about your Vietnam experience?
