DJT isn't the one you should fear.
Thank you Obama for making the #USSGeraldRFord reality.
Thank you Obama for leaving this ship to someone who knows how to command it.
who? The draft dodger? lol
No the patriotic president. 
The one not afraid of his own shadow
The one that knows strength is our only option in negotiation and/or war.
lol! The one afraid of Russia, television, the theater, stairs, walking, democrats, oh the list goes on and on for president snowflake trump
what r u smoking?
Obama was afraid of Russia,
Trump killed on TV, ate up all competition like uh Hillery,
Against a rigged cheating election
I venture to state that there's more patriotism in just 5 of the #USSGeraldRFord sailors than within ALL the Dems put together!!
R u #Trump people so insulated, so ignorant, that u can't see what's going on? Are u so uninformed that u don't hear the rest of the world?
The Patriots know who you are
@votevets  @VetsUnitedMarch @SacrificeThis @VetsAgnstTrump @vetsunite @ladyvets @Justice4Vets @ConcernedVets
HORRIFIC that you were at this ceremony for one of my favorite presidents who lived in my beloved Grand Rapids, MI. You're a despicable man.
#UnionBuilt #IUPAT
Donnie, you are not fooling ANY of us. You support is withering away, and WE DO NOT LIKE OR RESPECT YOU. GO AWAY.
Thanks to each of them POTUS..Many I have spoken arw proud to servw with you as theie CIC. Prayers and Blessings for all who serve
i just saw this.  What a simply BEAUTIFUL statement. 
Grab her by the pussy. When you serve on the #USSGeraldRFord they let you do it
To ever silverspoon draft dodger, please don't run for President.
Sure you used the right flag there, jackass?
The correct words you'd say to a sailors on a naval ship is may you have "fair winds and following seas!" #USNAVYMOM #USSGeraldRFord #SAILOR
Unfortunately that means less than nothing, coming from a cowardly draft-dodger.
Just remember. Criminals don't get ships named after them. Especially treasonous POS. Go to bed old man ... we're tired of you

Poll: Which healthcare plan to you prefer? 
Great!!!
Surprised you didn't tell them to grab them by something.
I am a patriot but i am not in the military. A. What r i saying. B. Dial back on the tweets u make no sense n look foolish.
Psalm 20:4
May He #grant you according to your #heart’s #desire, And fulfill all your #purpose.
Heard your speech!  
and get the military to support you! Distractions, distractions. Manafort will flip. Where's your good buddy Felix Sater?
Pretty patriotic words. True patriots would have reported the Russians immediately. You have tried to hide it. Release your tax returns.
Waiting for my souvenir from the commission ceremony ... maybe send me your cool jacket ?  Taxpayers paid the bill for you after all
Much respect to all who serve in our @USNavy  "Non sibi sed Patriae" !
Gerald Ford A great American

I have no respect for Donald Trump a man who ran from service when it was his turn in life now trying to play commander in chief disgraceful
You don't deserve to be there!
Grope her Sorry.  Thought you ran out of characters.
But if you unable due to bone spurs we understand
Please help us with 45!  SOS!!  SOS!


Salty?
#bolsonaro#2018 in #Brazil.

Your fired !
We the people support @POTUS keep up the good work and continue to Make America Great Again! Thank you President Trump for your leadership!
You, sir, are a disgrace to this country How dare you call yourself "commander in chief"?  How do you sleep at night?
3 Years, 5 Months, 28 Days, 16 Hours, 9 Minutes, and 42 Seconds
Please make all staff schools watch @HillarysAmerica @ClintonCashFilm 
#MAGA
#Zero tax living wage 100k
#Zero lies in office
#Zero Time left
#JeffSessions &
@jIdiotDems 
must watch @HillarysAmerica @ClintonCashFilm
If he does not pull out the handcuffs check to see HIS Pulse
You're an embarrassment. Resign.
If he doesn't, let's get a broom
I'm ready to sweep TONIGHT!
Bone spurs
He was to young to be drafted. Your man actually pretended that his foot hurt. He was scared to go with all the other men
Why don't you? There isn't a draft anymore. He persued a different line of service for his country.
you served in your way & president obama served in the way he was elected to serve our country

Will there ever be peace between asian countries and America I pray to God Almighty !
What was your MOS Devil Dog?When were you in?
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord: Keep the watch Protect her Defend her LOVE H...

Nah
Ooh Rah Marine, Semper Fi. Love America do her proud
Mr. Trump I will fight to my death for you. God Bless America. Making American Great Again.
Godspeed!
Create world peace
#MAGA
"godspeed" is blasphemy in the Gospels.. this guy is a anti-christ.
Thanks for putting America first instead of your career that's the problem with politicians. I'm glad you're not one, that's why I voted for you keep up the good work
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, don't listen to the liberal wing of the GOP....what have they ever done for you? We have your back! End DACA

Every patriotic American opposes you
Do not speak wholly for a group you are not apart of.

Coup already took place. Now he's working overtime running us to ground. BTO style
#MAGA
Prayer...LOL
Grab yourself a jug of milk and watch this. (I dare you)
if prayer Comforts people what is it to you!
We don't need people who cannot embrace reality making big decisions. Do you understand now?
Check out @angelavansoest's Tweet:
https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/Psalms-23-4/  @angelavansoest
Most believers are frightened to have adult conversations about their beliefs. You are no exception.
there's a lot of common sense in the Bible, exactly what we need today
You'll have to show me what kind of "common sense" the bible provides that cannot be obtained from other sources.
This is how a real president meets the troops.
You people are ridiculously out of touch. Military LOVE CINC Trump. They loathed and DESPISED Obo with passion. He was regarded as a punk.
Dream on. 
That's sure not true here. All we have in WA state is Navy, Air Force, Army & Marines. But what would they know?
Love this video Iam surprised the snowflakes and elites head didn't explode because Of using the word "she" which I take as a compliment 
and please don't run into any freighters, Lol
@maddow @nytimes @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @Washingonpost @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr @ussenate @LindseyGrahamSC @MaddowBlog
Good to know at least you will never NEVER EVER have your name on one of those! Now go back to your safe place
Amen Brothers in arms and Soldiers in the ARMY OF THE LIVING GOD.
Many years we ve waited for te last days. Welcome the Victories evil lost.
How do I know Donald didn't write this? Because he never thinks of anyone but himself.

Amen
As a veteran sailor, you do NOT represent us, you dont care vets or anyone else, just yourself! #resign
This is easily the most 70 year old tweet I've ever seen. I feel like I'm supposed to be asked to pass this on to at least five people
God bless you Sir
Amen
Protect our president
Are you loaning this to Vladimir?? Since you're Boos now!
 Get bunions so you don't have to serve
President Trump, I always support you!
Tired  of all the junk! Leave him alone... Mr President do the job we hired you to do! Forget the rest... they have norhing better to do!
And don't get captured. I don't like captured.
But only if you're straight, right.? You're such a fucking joke Trump.!
Gerald Ford pardoned Nixon.
Aren't you at least a five time draft dodger?????
How can you NOT respect a guy like that?
I am so proud to see our military held high.
Leadership we can believe in
#45MAGAStrong
Unless you are transgender apparently
...and don't grab her cooch.
#BONESPURS
I'm a Navy vet. Thank God you weren't my commander in chief. It's "fair winds and following seas," you grifting mob boss.
The only patriot you are is to Putin and Russia. PERIOD!
My heart goes out to Charlie guard and his parents. maybe he will be at peace soon with God. That hurt where it counts.
We are so fortunate to have a President who loves our country and our people!! Thank you and VP Pence - MAGA!!
The crew of the Ford worked their asses off for weeks to get the ship ready for visitors and this ceremony. They deserve a break.
Rush Limbaugh Wonders Why The Media’s Ignoring this DNC SCANDAL? http://truthfeed.com/rush-limbaugh-wonders-why-the-medias-ignoring-this-dnc-scandal/94734/ … via @truthfeednews
I love our new aircraft carrier it is so beautiful
That's the only nice thing he's said 7 months in office.
What is they are transgender?
Draft dodger
They'll need it, you have no diplomatic skills and you'll get them all killed. Likely started with a tweet sent from bathroom at 3 am.
Wonderful completion of a Great task that includedmany presidents andgreatpeoplewhobuilt&organizedthisgreatship
And remember that Trump had nothing to do with this ship begun under Bush, then named and built under Obama.
Wie eingebildet kann man eigentlich noch sein?
God bless them all!
I'm glad you left out:
Grab her by the 
That is progress!
While this is an excellent tweet, it definitely wasn't written by Trump. He can't write with that kind of finesse!
I just realized you're gonna be in the hall of presidents. Sad! Delete your account
Thank you Colonel Klink.
Got the chills!Magnificent words!
Right.  Except trans people.  Not them.  Never them.  #TransRightsAreHumanRights
You want to serve, serve. But keep your mouth shut. Stop trying to cram your agenda down everyone's throats! And don't expect me to pay
Except transgender I no longer like!  You shame our military by pandering to your religious money men!  Guess that paid back a few chits!
Hello God here.
Awesome
#BILLIONAIRE LIVES MATTER
Grab her by the 
Nice post President Mucci.
The Ford wouldn't survive its first battle. Reason is that it's new aircraft have 700 mike range and anti ship missiles have 1000 mile range
What a wonderful President we voted in. I'm so very proud.
Your speech and presentation at USS GERALD FORD made me so proud that you're my President!!
This one is not from the asshat himself. #FakePresident #BenedictDonald
False concern.
The USS Trump.  Permanently run-aground
Meanwhile your a draft dodger
Unless they are #Trans? #LetThemServe #transmilitaryban #transrights
As usual, you made it about you rather than Gerald Ford or the military.
Good day!!!
Loved it!
Welcome sir.  Dont let em talk stuff and get under your skin.  Stay strong and take good care of US, please.
What a beautiful  Ship

#TransRightsAreHumanRights are PATRIOTS as well.
amen amen
and when 5 time draftdodger #cowardinchief going to apologize to the vets for making someone else go and fight (& mayb died) in his place?
I along with millions would not want you anywhere near the GRF!
#GodBlessAmerica #USSGeraldRFord 
#thankyouforyourservice #MAGA 
Hypocrite
won't be any trumps that is for sure, shame
now making you and the us look weak and put in place by china Russia and the world.
Ur a Draft Dodger #TrumpisaFradieCat
2 many Americans have forgotten what it MEANS to be an "American". We R a MELTING POT of diversity. We used to PROUD of this! WTH happened?
Draft Dodger tells America's Servicemen & women how proud he is that they are doing all the things he was too scared to do. #OldBoneSpurs
Trump's not a patriot. He's a draft dodger.
I'm sure that means a lot coming from a draft dodger like yourself.
A proud day to know that there will NEVER be a naval ship named after Trump. A name that will forever be synonymous w/ disgrace/malfeasance.
Russian Pee-Pee version of @realDonaldTrump  #ussgeraldrford tweet:

Smack it Up
Flip It
Rub It Down
Oh No!
LOSER #3MLOSER
Do you mean it 45
They're not going to war.
Yes....you should ask that of any man in the service?  Did you serve during the Viet Nam War?  No!! Somehow you got out of it..how different
/[*•*] 
We don't seem to have anyone in congress that stands up 4 the AMERICAN PPL, or is aggressive in pursuing the many scandals.
This is an example of a great tweet! Please stick to good positive tweets. We believe in you so let them fumble about. They have nothing
Keep draft dodger #SoCalledPresidents away from real Patriots
and dont get killed for some suit behind a desk's personal wants
But if you are transgender, please hang your head in shame
Your guy is a jerk.
We all know you didn't do that tweet without help.  @Scaramucci
But make sure they get a pre-nup, right donny boy.
Great words from a HUUUUUUUUUGE DRAFT DODGER....YOU NEVER SERVED....YOU USED FAKE MEDICAL NEWS... GREAT AMERICAN...YEAH, SURE.
First defense of this Nation is to IMPEACH YOU and DRAIN YOUR SWAMP!  God bless American.. done with Trump
Pray for US & CANADA --MEN & WOMEN in uniform---these are perilous times were living in!
And in a few years sell her as scrap for $1.00.
Flight Deck Quarters !!! Airedale Vietnam Veteran.
Mr. President it is time that you look around and learned what every sailor, soldier, and airman knows. Patriotism is an act of service.

Well done President Trump !!!
Yes you are the man, you are really doing a great job
COWARD-in-Chief pretending Patriotism 
滚犊子
God Speed USS Gerald R Ford, be safe.
POTUS, was it hard to get onboard with your bad achillies tendons? 5 time DRAFT DODGER
Wow!  No word salad.  Who wrote this to be tweeted under your name?
HOW DARE YOU CALL YOURSELF A PATRIOT.  YOU DRAFT DODGING COWARD
Blessings and Remember we Pray for you DAILY I. Thessalonians 5:17 America is Great again and willB Greater 2 Chronicles7:14 than ever.
Except for Transgenders of course.  That might make someone uncomfortable.
