Hey, look everybody:
The Popular Vote Presidential Winner
Is On The Cover of Time…AGAIN!

Happy #ConstitutionDay!

#SundayMotivation


Ran like a liberal baby always does when confronted with truth. Bye Felicia .
What is wrong with you?
@paulbenedict7 or soul

You are a deplorable! You are devil incarnate!! God's wrath descends upon you!!! Watch and kiss his feet, you infidel!!!
If "had no game" means she had 3 million more votes than you, then yes.
Poor Trump, still upset about losing the people's vote, small crowds and large protests, ultimately he's a small man with no real balls
So you actually follow a person whose account name is "Fuctupmind"? And you're the President?
We all know how morally responsible Libtardians are. LOL! What can you say, Fuctupmind produces a good vid.
No surprise that males who like Trump thinks this is funny. Their minds can't get past adolescent humor and small hands. Sad
It is funny. You're just mad because shards from the glass ceiling didn't penetrate your chesticles.
No. Its not funny and here's why. A woman getting hit by a ball n falling down, possibly hurt. Would u think it's funny if it was ur Mom? No
A perfect "deplorable" leader & POTUS for his #MAGA base. #demagogue #whitenationalist #shameonyou
@realDonaldTrump All these comments hilarious. You got them all triggered. Heads exploding oh I can't with these fragile snowflakes  
Dude, you've got it SO bad for HRC. We all see it. Just ask her out already.
Cheating to win is not really winning. We know it. You know it. The whole world knows it. That's why you're insecure. Faux POTUS
@HillaryClinton cheated and still couldn't win. Dead people voted, illegals voted, & was given the answers to questions @ debate. Sad loser!
Dead and illegals voted for trump too. So did Russians
Oh yes, right.
So you're proud of your presidential illegitimacy??? Where would you be w/o the russians & comey? Where you belong, that's where! NOT in WH!
Its a coup of the US Govt. You support that?
It's not about game, it's about having some class and running this country accordingly. I'm so ashamed to be American.
Stop harassing Hillary. You're POTUS. Act like it instead of a spoiled child.
.....said the electoral college, not the voters
Help #savecalifornia #nooneforgotten #noamnesty #maga #katieslaw
We are with you! 
*Seriously cries* thank u 4 support 
I was just added to a racist sexist 'list' by a trump hater. You literally just made my day  love to all 
You actually mean the game of corruption n treason. Yea..she's too smart and too moral to be a criminal like you mr. presidunce!
I know you are kidding. Corrupt,moral that's Clinton's campaign slogan
You still lost the popular vote.
And she did this WITHOUT help from a hostile foreign power 
Actually, her newly released emails show she worked with Putin through her foundation. 
Deplorables didn't win the election, it was the people you fooled into thinking you'd actually Drain The Swamp.
Correction- ONLY time HC name should be spoken is in reference to her being tried for TREASON and lying to Congress! When will that be??!!

TRUTH: you're in Whitehouse because hate for other candidate and help from a foreign country got you there. It haunts you, doesn't it.
And yet, day after day, they approve of your deplorable behavior.  She was right, the half that still support you are deplorable.
Why YOU & YOUR FAMILY & CABINET be came the "deplorables" You changed the White House into HATE HOUSE.This why world leaders laugh at you
Donnie's angry and afraid,
'Cause it's dark in Clinton's shade.
She just tied him up in knots,
So he had to call his bots.
#FakePresident
Dude. Focus.

Keep thinking that. Comey is coming for you. You'll go down in humiliation.
What is your obsession with Hillary?   Your are a sore loser; I get that, but you won....or did you?  You are the worst winner EVER.  Sad

You, make me laugh in a bad way!ol
You are lucky as the president of the birther mvt... you have not been haunted by this lie....denying Pres Obama was born in this country.
You still LOST by 3 million votes! #Facts
You, @POTUS , stalked HRC during 2nd debate. Ur a bully. She should've kicked u in the balls, if u have any. Ur conduct was reprehensible.
Only a pathetic, angry man thinks the only way to keep his fans is to attack a woman whose intelligence is much higher than his own.
Attack? 
Your thread sounds like a teenager. Do I need to spell out the definition of attack?
you hit the center. its not just him the same with his followers. they r talking about Trump n Hillary n Obamas name will come up.
None of us should even waste our energy speaking Hillary's name anymore. She lost- thank God, and that's that! Let's move ahead and #MAGA !
That person that actually won the popular vote had "no game"?

Your game, sir, was Russian.
Another RusskieBot deflecting.  Because, you know, the intelligence community doesn't have professionals...
I'm from Germany, but okay... #triggeredHillaryVoterdetected
Thank god even people overseas aren't as dumb as these Hillary's supporters. #JusticeForHaiti
Well, we're aware of what happens when you let a pseudodemocratic woman rule over a country. I hope the elections in few days bring changes.
Won't it be ironic if you're the one that gets locked up? #FAKEPRESIDENT

Only deplorable is you
Except she got three million more votes than you did.
People love Trump....
Bingo!
MAGA
Hillary won popular vote so more people wanted Hillary as POTUS. YOU WANT TO GET RID OF FILLIBUSTER WE WANT TO GER RID OF YOU

She is pure evil. Why don't she tell the families what difference does it make!   Satans child!
I understand what she meant. You cannot change dead. I have lost loved ones and death is final so that was all she was saying. It's true.
As a ‘Deplorable’ I have expressed my feelings about Hillary Love and Clear. #LockHerUp
Hillary is a sore ass looser, we don't want her excuses or books , she needs to get off the stage!
and you laundered big money, and the game, it's almost up! Follow the money!!!
Shut up trump
The president position
Is not the game you think it is
#ReleaseTheMemo 

#LockHerUp
whays gonna happen when the deplorables figure out you dont care about them?
YES WE DID!!! 
Hillary said "It takes a village to raise a child" and then you said "Yeah we know Hillary because you stole many children from Haiti"!
I think ur secretly in love with her cuz u talk about her an awful lot!!
you are  so jealous over hillary, you are really pathetic,
Really people, I hope you are smarter than this one. I'm not, but in a way I am. Haha
She won the popular vote by over 3,000000 votes. She should be our president right now.
Problem is she keeps coming back to haunt US ! Sort of like flies on poop!
Still talking about Hillary. Don't you have some work to do???
Exactly
WILL YOU PLEASE GET OVER THE FACT THAT YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE ALREADY. Still talking about it months later. WHY?
Neither do you! Can you please stop acting like a child? We need a leader NOT A BULLY all you do is talk crap! Stop children think its ok!!!

You have big money, no shame.
Yep, certainly more stupid people voted in just the right states. ABOLISH THE ELECTRORAL COLLEGE!!
what do you gain ?
Praise the Lord
Jeff Sessions @jasoninthehouse 

Congress - do your job Hillary and Comey are NOT above the law!

#LockHerUp with Crooked @Comey 

MAGA @POTUS 
Why do strong women scare you? We know you're an inferior man who needs those who hate themselves to bolster your own ego. #impeachTrump
Your presidency has become boring since Kelly became your chief of staff. You should fire him and bring back people like "The Mooch".
Let's talk about spending g big money. Pay for your own legal costs. That's going to be big money. Or pay your debt to Russia. Big money
And. Coaches and players will get same in NFL their useless Americans and deserve no wagues that sport is dead .
Idea: Resign. You will lose the long game. #Resistance #ResistTrump
Donnie, the RUSSIANS flipped votes for you, paid for ads, put YOU IN THE WH.  YES THE RUSSIANS DID IT, NOT YOU  EVERYONE HATES YOU, HONESTLY
Democrats no #Game 2020 #Establishment #Republicans clear out. keep praying God take us from #Victory to #Victory. In Jesus Name. Amen..
Turns out (as per usual) you're WRONG!  She broke a record for first week sales of her book, LOSER!!!
Dotard is a great description for you.
Get over it. You are DELUSIONAL. There are pills for that.....
Whatever happened to all the money you got? Did you spend it on your debts??


U talk like a shop keeper
Absorbed Mexico into USA

Half of the country is burning and the other half is under water. You’re the “President” Do your damn job! #FuckingMoron
Her yelling, and haranguing like some nagging wife on why she wasn't 50 points ahead didn't help her either. 
Why don't you just leave the past behind... you sit in the WH, now govern like a professional and quit your bully tactics as diplomacy!
I don't care about your hands , you are a small man .
Hillary Clinton may have been referring to the criminal allegations against the suspects in Boston.
Make them so broke that they have to sleep in the streets. I would like to know how much money the AMERICAN people got for the Uraniam deal?  What was that amount??? The clintons got 150 million.  WHERE IS OURS. @HillaryClinton Oh hell just lock her up.
So u admit, your followers are deplorable, most of them!!! By the way doh doh brain how are things in Nambia? Your so embarrassing!!!!
Republicans love using Clinton to distract from their own short comings. Shes not president dummies

I am proud to be an American and a deplorable!
Book signing in the tp section of Costco. I guess there was no other place in there for her.
She was a bad candidate, no message, no personality, no trust, she alienated half the country with her rhetoric and that's why she lost.
Go read a book you fecker! Oh thats right, you dont read. I will send you a copy of Hillarys book when I am done!
@Mmarty1230 oh yeh!
No amount of@momey can buy trust.
Her game is so much better than yours or any other Deplorable's game.
I stand with the president he's a man of integrity and principles

Julian Assange even called them out. Three different news outlets confirming the same false information.
Time to take funding away for the special insurance package Congress and the Senate is enjoying while the rest of the country suffers ACA
No game to fight Dotard Donald's corrupt Russian gambit #DotardDonald
Please save the Japanese who was kidnapped by North Korea. Love for family is the same for both Japanese and American.
#RT_If_you_agree
JustHadToRTThis. Funny!
I think you are right
Shut up and  do your job !
Hillary just can't lose gracefully.  We voted, she lost, end of story.
WHY are you STILL talking about this?  Don't you have more important things to do?  Really how insecure are you?
Fake president fake news followers misled
yup
This is 100% correct
#NOTRUSTJEFFSESSIONS
Please stop. You're the president.   Ypu don't need to keep after President Obama and Mrs. Clinton.
@AprilAchoo @JebJournal
We pray for this 
Sick of hearing whining about Hillary.  Just do your job!
You've got no game. You are deplorable and Mueller ' s so close you can feel his breath on your neck. You ruin everthing.
Remember what you said previously about ‘not locking up political opponents’? 

Americans will not stand for this treason. 

ALL of these traitors to our nation in orange jumpsuits NOW!!! 

#MemoDay #MemoGate #ObamagateSpyingScandal

#ThingsITrustMoreThanFoxNews
Mr. President, please help end collusion. Start w/regulating Facebook & Google as a public utility. #FacebookLeaks
Wtf
It's over. You won. Leave her alone
15 yards for taunting and unsportsmanlike conduct. And yet out of the game (or will be ... your day of reckoning is coming soon)
Who cares that was a year ago why so hung up on it?! Move on
Hey @Comey can you answer @HillaryClinton s question here? 

68 Million and growing Americans want to know your answer! 

#HillaryClinton #CrookedHillary
She won by vote you won because of electoral college. She had more votes, your deplorable
She had it and umm Putons bs
Her game was about 3 million times greater than yours...
But got 3 million more votes than you, & with no help from Russia. #TrumpIsAMoron  #TraitorTrump #ITMFA  #TrumpIsAMoron
Haha
She beat you by nearly 3 million votes. #CROSSCHECK and Russia GAVE you the EC. You are an #ILLEGITIMATEPRESIDENT

