...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
Russian deception influenced election due to Trump's support, senators hear
Where did you cut and paste this from?
Is the government prepared to pay China back all the money is owed? Trump better chose his words very carefully.
I know that you will do your best God bless
TRUMP 2020!!!!!!
Especially when you don't know what you are doing.

Going to try to sell em on a membership to Mar A Lago? Negotiate a good deal for Ivanka on handbags? Do realize they outnumber us by alot!
but you can have new copyrights? #conflictofinterest #corrupttrump #donthecon
Well just remember to let the adults do the talking while you sit at the Man Child table and you'll be fine
CHYNA
CH-CH-CH-CHINA
Also, Mar a Lago will have a $$$ gang buster $$$ weekend,  Thank you  tax payer
Totally with you Mr. President!!! So proud of you!
No se debe anteponer la palabra "difícil"
a nada en este mundo
La predisposición a lo fácil,lo hace más fácil si cabe
Goodmonigth,Sr. Donald
Please discuss the North Korean issue
Tgars right mr trump we have to straiten out china love ya
Just don't pull that same dumb fake invoice stunt like ou did with Merkel. Jesus, that was embarrassing.
China isn't a part of NATO, he can't.
Give them hell Donald I should say president Trump sorry
It will also be difficult as you'll need to learn to stop pronouncing it "Jina"! Good luck 45
Don't forget to hide their plane stairs.

Don't worry, we're already prepped for the inevitable embarrassment.
I'm still not tired of all the winning yet Donny boy....
hang in there, big guy!!! Praying for you in OKLAHOMA! !!
China warned you, Start a trade war and you will lose! Of course, you may be in prison and miss the meeting!
Plus they are so much brighter than you.  Try to behave donnie
Your son in laws family seems to have a very healthy relationship with the Chinese! Tell them to get their hand out of the cookie jar!
THANK YOU FOR LOOKING OUT FOR AMERICA AND OUR PEOPLE! STAY STRONG, YOU AND YOUR AMERICAN  DREAM TEAM ARE AMAZING! 
The Chinese may come away from their visit with you thinking "we might have to spank this dangerous child first."
Your a massive deficit
you obviously are not smart enough to even know what we do have with China. SAD
The meeting will be difficult because you don't know how to use chopsticks or how to negotiate.
You are ill-equipped to meet with China. Get a REAL diplomat to run the meeting.
add to that the fact you cannot speak like an adult, it'll be 'great'..''uuuge'...'wonderful'...and you'll embarras yourself..as per usual
Grow a backbone we are Americans we should fear no other nation. The Chinese could not last very long against our armed forces.
Exactly
Okag
@realDonaldTrump Pleade take your meds so you appear to be stable
Your success is predicated on the misery of others. #Russia 's #Trump #usa #Resistance
Stop with your LIES! There's STILL Absolutely ZERO proof of ANY Russian involvement!!!
Lol. You are the definition of "blind leading the blind"
That's a perfect definition of DIMOCRATS!
Cool story. What does that have to do with the mountain of evidence connecting the Drumpf campaign with Russia you can't seem to see?
Where's this "mountain of evidence?!? In your imagination of course. It sure hasn't been reported on by ANYONE!
I take it you don't watch the Congressional investigation committee hearings. If you had you wouldn't be singing this tune.
Show them. You're are full of it! So far, no evidence exists and yes I watched the Dims making asses of themselves AGAIN.
Americans are praying for you
praying for you to be arrested and tried for Treason!

WHAT ???
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits......
but don't they own the majority of Americas debt. Army we really fading with ourselves if China own us ????
Is it true @amyschumer is playing you in a new movie about how you tricked America into making you President?
Ammy it's so tacky!
Damn!Are YOU actually going to go to a different country instead of padding your pockets from actual dignitaries??!
you are becoming part of the Establishment, how sad, I voted for you and never crossed my mind that you would be against Tea Party.
Give me the definition of ESTABLISHMENT?
They come to the table with the moral high ground; you were useless as a businessman, useless on TV and now useless in the Whitehouse!
Capital goods manufacture should lead the reverse flow of manufacturing .Bring back jobs to USA
You Will Blow it
and that is why you ,once again load up that plane the American People pay for and fly off to your favorite place on earth
Good
We'll see how it goes
老哥稳
But for the author of The Art of the Deal it should be easy...oh, wait.
Do you have a plan????
The first thing American companies should look at as alternatives is a smarter President. U r an embarrassment to the US
Don't buy things for cheaper than you can make them! The things you can learn at Trump University.
It shouldn't be too bad, you gave them the Renewable Energy Industry. They're sure to enjoy the TRILLIONS of $ it will generate for China.
Typically you are a business man, although you are the president now, so just earn China money as a general business man.
Difficult is waking up every day to the reality that you're still incompetent & illegitimate & the biggest LIAR
Hope the meeting with China go good for you all. May God be with you
PLEASE STOP THEM FROM INVADING CANADA!!! #chinatakeover #Canada
And only you alone can fix it, right?
Business countries don't care if they like each other 
 it's whether  they can make Financial deals
I find it odd that all these people bashing Trump for wanting to close the trade gap, and bring jobs back to the US.
Please do not MESS that up like everything else you have touched. Let President Ivanka handle that meeting and you can watch TV and tweet.
PRODUCTIVE DEMOGRAPHIC DIVIDEND(Indian workforce)will shrink after 25 years,China's workforce has already started shrinking>On the decline.
Always keep in mind The Mongel Hordes were - and remain -the largest roving
invaders in history. China population, BILLIONS; we, MILLIONS.
Can I come?  I mean attend?
Please go to China. Please stay there....forever.
mm Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
u need to cancel meeting and stop till you are showing us you are not a lying hate filled jerk who cannot lead an army of rodents.
You gonna lose ,#failpreZ

looking forward 2 seeing which of ur steadfast positions you trade away this time 4 right 2 sell Trump brand hookers in Beijing. #onechina
Just let them know your daughter's has her line of clothing made in China.
Don't think golf at Maralago will get China on board. U ever try Tai-Chi ?
tangxiaofeng
too young ,too simple,sometimes naive
Mr. President, you are the only one who can bring a fair deal in trade to our country and the world.  There must be a way for all of us.
Trump is a fool no meeting with anyone will go well he's like a kid
you were quoted in an article by @CNN  http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/02/politics/donald-trump-human-rights-china-china/index.html …
gonna boost the undergroung econcomy?
China thinks as a monolithic nation and for the nation only. Each person is a cell that makes up the whole body.
If anyone can make this right its you Mr president.
MrPrez, NEW ex-order, No-one may export from US any commodity that can be used 2 make a WMD. US Co. Cert. to mine or sell 4 US domestic use.
Chyyyyyyyna.
Stop making all your crap in China then. @IvankaTrump too. DISGUSTING.
Да, товарищ, отлично! Китай может быть вашим врагом. Держите их от разглядывания связей с нами! Вы и я будем править, как Гитлер и Сталин!
Go get em potus I've had it up to my eye balls with their crappy products
We're not worried about our President----thank you for your HARD WORK, which seems impossible;-)
your kidding yourself, he's a better deal maker
God bless this meeting, Mr. President!
Praying everyday for your success!
If Trump goes to this meeting just like the rest it will go to crapper worst president ever when is this loser going to be impeached
I KNOW YOU WILL MAKE THE BEST TRADE DEALS POTUS,YOU ARE SO SMART,SUCCESSFUL &I'M SO PROUD YOU ARE OUR POTUS!
Because you went behind China's back and called Taiwan? Yeah, you shouldn't have done that. #FakePresident #Sad
美國的貿易問題，恐怕不是你們表面所看到的狀況現象，而是很多長期以來文化思考邏輯觀點差異產生的問題。我有一些建議發表在臉書，還會陸續提出觀點。美國的稅率確實應該改善這個為人垢病的高稅率障礙經濟自由發展長久以來已經留傳到亞洲來為人所評議超過三十年。
You're going to ask if you can live there, aren't you?
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
At least China will know they're NOT dealing with a COWARD anymore!
Yeah, try not to insult the Chinese during the meeting. You can always tweet your insults the next day.
ijoo dee putaaa
Probably not.  You won't even throw out a baseball in fear of being boo'd 
backing you all the way!
Ahh yes, As you display your AMAZINGLY inept diplomacy and foreign policy skills. And then have your surrogates translate after the fact.
Whatever you do Mr. @POTUS stay away from the (wiretapped) phones!
I'm not convinced that you know how trade deficits work. Explain more, so I'm convinced you understand. 
#maga
, why are you still making your clothes there? #DumbPotus, #FAKEPOTUS
Ok. So pay them what we owe them and we start with a clean slate.  Oh, right, the king of bankruptcy wouldn't know about paying bills.
Or talk about clean energy and clean air.
raise middle class wages and benefits and the Americans won't be so dependent on cheap goods from China
it's simple cause and effect.
Please stop the chemtrails from poisoning us Mr. President & lock her up fast Og & every mayor that won't Abide by the law of the land
Many Chinese citizens hope that you can focus on human rights in China. Perhaps this is God's wish.
well if you didn't insult them since running for pres it wouldn't be "difficult" to work a deal!
It has always been difficult, but you enhanced it with your blunders.
President Trump carries the heavy, heavy burdens of the failed 8 year Obama legacy!  "I inherited a mess"!!
Proving once again that you don't know how to negotiate with, or interact with the Chinese on the world stage. #notyettiredofwinning
老兄，和我們習大大聊一聊喔，回頭告訴我們習大大給你印象如何？
Are you sure you'll still be president next week? #lockthemallup #russianstooge #treason
You should read the manual before you get behind the wheels of the global economy.
hey, maybe you guys can go golfing 2-4 times and that will butter him up to your little hands in his pockets.
As you stated: biggest job theft in history!!!
There's nothing to worry about China. They are a doomed economy. India and other countries are rising economies. USA should change course.
Resign Now!!! U incompetent Russian puppet!! #impeachimprisonreplace
China the largest enemy AMERICAN has !
High drug prices are a direct result of GOP support of Big Pharma. Free market principles don't work for sole-source drugs.
hah you can discuss your chinese wardrobe
Why are you still making your crappy products in China? Why are you still employing Chinese rather than Americans? Resist & Impeach Now!!!!!
TTT Two Term Trump!!
Maybe you should start with your greedy family and all you have made in China! #TrumpRussia #IvankaRussia #KushnerRussia
Ahead of a meeting and any negotiation why would you tweet this? Hard to fathom the exact tactics here apart from a moran at work.
Presidenting is hard! Sad!
g
We will be covering you with prayer.
What, don't they have enough golf courses? #notmypresident
Is that another trip to Mar-a-lago again?
Why would it be hard? IT's clear to see you're a communist stooge. You pander to Putin, and hand world leadership over to the Chinese. Sad!
Hopefully our tensions with them can be loosened soon...
#TrumptraintoRussia
godspeed on this one
大撒币这次买几百架波音，私下送你家几百亿，然后大家握手言欢
Good Luck! Be cautious of them, they will lie & steal US intellectual products/designs for their personal gains. Play BIG LEAGUE tough ball!
Reciprical tariffs on all trade.
Reciprocate at a percentage, say 50%.
That should hurt enough but not create trade war and nice revenue.
I'll second that. We have a $347 billion trade deficit with China. I love trade, but this is not fair.  Good stuff Ed.
Retweets are the the real power of twitter.
Hold on while I RT that 
Maybe send Ivanka instead, or Jared.  Don't want you getting any blisters on your tiny, tender fingers.
Xi is way too smart for you bro
you can handle it you are a clever man
Sad. Sad sad. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna do nothing. Oh hang on I'm gonna play golf. The only thing he's achieved. Lazy sad sad man child
(6) I hope you and Xi Jinping can work in harmony for the progress and protection of the entire world. Because you two are the most....
So does that mean you are moving your merchandise from being made in China to America? What about Ivanka's line being made in China?
Is Chinese steel cheaper than American steel?? Just asking..
So you need to employ Americans at slave labour wages to compete in a global market Donald? Seems it's ok in your business
Better to leave the meeting to someone more able to dealt with it then, someone who has brain, someone who isn't a serial liar like you
While you're there, remember to order another few million hats from China for your next election campaign.
Before you meet with a savvy, true world leader, I certainly hope you will take your job seriously enough to do your homework-hear experts.
Better look at differently
President Trump boldly passionately tirelessly fights for us!   President Trump loves America!   Big League!  TTT: Two Term Trump!! 
Good thing they won't understand ur limited vocabulary. Just send them a SOS instead. They'll understand.
@MyBrianLeyh China puts terrifs on our goods but we let their's in free. That has tomchange.
So are you going to call them currency manipulation out like you have been saying
Don't forget the climate change hoax.
