If a president wants the privilege of serving the country, he should not be allowed to profit, support white supremacy & collude with Russia
He doesn't. Y'all are just stupid idiots that care about no one but yourself. This POTUS is the best thing that has EVER happened to WTP!!!!
What's "WTP"? Is that an alt-KKK group?
We The People
Not that many of you cult 45's. So it you the few people.
Don't understand. sorry
lol you literally don't understand 1) democracy 2) free enterprise 3) the basic concept of having principles 4) freshman-level logic
A small point maybe, but 5) an ellipses has only three dots...
He literally only does it to use all 150 chars, it's the pettiest thing ive seen happen
Wait! He gets 150 characters and the rest of us get 140?  
I mean didn't Rihanna or someone get 150 once too
Also you know what I meant he did it to max out character use gosh
Again, not your call. How about you elevate yourself a little and cause less dishonor to this nation?
Let us break it down for you:
It's telling that resentment towards wealth in sports is always directed at black athletes and not the vastly wealthier franchise owners.
Freedom of expression. I may not like it, but I respect his 1st amendment rights. Otherwise, you couldn't say all the ugly things you do.
Idiot.
Wha???  This has nothing to do with money, you dotard. Urine over your head, Donny. Just STFU. #TheResistance #impeachTrumpnow #resign
They actually have talent. You should be fired you dotard!! They earn their $- you? Notsomuch! #TrumpcareIsDeathcare
They are there to play football.  That's all.  We do they get off promoting their own agenda?  These players with an IQ of 10!
Ummm it's their inalienable right??
If one wants the privilege of being POTUS then 
1. they should act respectfully to all
2. they should respect the office they hold
3. they should not lie
4. they should appoint personnel who are qualified to do the job
5. they should not pass legislation that would kick some 32 million off healthcare
6. they not put Americans at risk
7. they should not engage in twitter wars, especially with foreign dignitaries
8. they should not engage in nepotism
9.  they and their family should not profit off their position
10. they should be gracious
11. they should not be charging those who protect them for the use of their property
12. they should not be a climate denier
100% agree
Worst president in American history
Want even be watching #NFL or #NBA or buying any of their crap
I live a few miles form the airforce base. everyday im working outside i put my shit down,  and stand for the pledge. stand up you schmucks.
If an American wants the privilege of being President of the United States, he or she should not be allowed to encourage civil discord...
And if somebody is gonna be president he should represent the best of American values but somehow your in office
If someone wants the honored position of PODUS then he should not be allowed to act like a juvenile delinquent and sully the office.
They should be doing the job they're paid for and Performing personal opinions on their own time
But it's still Freedom of Expression as well as Freedom of Speech, which is that player's right as an American
Get a new job that pays you millions a year where you won't have to be insulted by our anthem. Good luck? #fireNFL
Not trying to start an argument. Just pointing out another side of the argument
Yes I'm aware. But the NFL is a company. They have a right to set rules of conduct. And they should or they will continue to lose 
Lol you triggered the Buffalo Bills and made them set up a Safe Space.
Id honestly rather have @POTUS be my QB than Kaepernick any day. Wicked spiral by @POTUS. https://twitter.com/crusher614/status/909943016764219392/video/1 …
Lol, awesome @POTUS!
Never forget what that Flag stands for. Never forget the men who risk their lives to preserve it.
Never forget the words to the national anthem.. #TakeAKnee 
Who cares? such a non issue...
Since you're a white supremacist birther, perhaps you can explain how playing in the NFL effects free speech??
Completely agree!!!!
You disrespect the office every single day, dotard.
2/what's owed u is a kick in your ads! You re owed and deserved nothing! #DotardDonnie
I agree sir.
You soon!
#PuertoRico #puertoricodam #DoYourJob
Amen Mr President
How does working for a football team equate with losing their right, their freedom, to protest injustice? When does that right disappear?
If a white man thinks he can use color to bully a world&spread hate then he's forgottedU must reap what Usow &he&is r going straight to hell
When you robbed us you robbed God &You, Mr. Trump would have done better to eat rocks than to take from his chosen one, nation, and world!
You&Your crowd call crooked Hillary but, the path she takes is promised to lead her straight to where u stand & sit bc U, Mr. Trump R a Lie!
Tell me more.
Transfer the funds to the Troops and call it even
What funds?
#Trump  Read These If Yinz Know How To Read! #TakeAKnee #TakeTheKnee!!!!!!!!!
It’s not a privilege, it earned. Something you would know nothing about.

Susan the Snow Flake is melting, lol
I don't pay for a NFL ticket to see my team "TRASHING MY COUNTRY"!
Trump 2020
Make Democrats Respect America Again!
Those players respect what it means to be an American far more than you and the rest of your trashy family ever have, Donnie Two-scoops.
When you die people will piss on your grave and the name Trump will be an embarrassment like having Hitler as a last name.
@HawksGal_ Absolutely!  Who has the Power of the Purse?!  We, the Irredeemables/Deplorables do!  Boycott NFL/NBA.  USA!  
Is this an aspect of the freedom of conscience we hear so much about regarding the good ol 'USA Donnie? But pussy grabbing is okay, right?
Eww i feel sick
#Trump appears to equate calling out "enemies" to making friends w/ similarly bigoted others. About as far from presidential as it gets.
I saw interviews with him before elected..made sense&calm about policies
now this blustering uncontrolled jingoism
Like the Stepford Wives
.@realDonaldTrump Should not be allowed? By WHO? As POTUS you're walking a line. Freedom of protest is a constitutional right. Defend it.
This is not new with presidents. Trump is just being vocal about it instead of bringing it to the front!
There are so many things wrong here. Their jobs are not a "privilege" for starters. Their talent & hard work earn the owners a lot of money.
No POTUS should claim this. He isnt in private enterprise- he is THE seat of government.
Claim what? Does the POTUS not have rights just like you and I?
Should the government be allowed to infringe on ANY groups constitutional rights? That is the salient point.
Which group and what context are you using?
The govt cannot arrest somebody for protesting the govt, protesting the police, protesting in general.
Oh you're mistaken, it's very cool...
I'll miss ya. Gots to do what Ives it's to do. Can't take this Fake ass clown any longer!
He is a total and complete menace to society!
Haha!!!!!!!!!! WOW! I take that back, I won't miss you. You're the problem.
It's not a PRIVILEGE. Those guys have worked their asses off, they EARN their money. #FirstAmendmentFreeToKneel #loveitorleaveit
Free speech is a right not a privilege.
I think we should take a look at the amount of taxpayer$$$ these clubs get for various things and scale back accordingly
A business should never be punished bcuz its employees peaceful protest... but it does seem weird that the NFL doesn't have to pay taxs
Aside from continuing to miss the point, it's not your business. #StayInYourLane 

You know what is? 3million Americans in Puerto Rico.
Omfg maybe the president of the United States should learn to not disrespect and insult people every single day
if a person wants the privilege to be the President maybe he should stop calling names and act like an adult
Maybe u should b fired to for disrespecting women. It's a privilege to lead our country& u need respect. Something ur lacking.
F u
If game show host wants privilege of serving as Pres, he shouldn’t disrespect citizenry he leads. Apply 25 to 45. #UnfitToBePresident
Drag him Elizabeth!!! .  He thinks this is a reality show
If a president wants the privilege of making millions of lives miserable, he or she should not be allowed to be a President!!...
If a person wants the privilege of being a President, he should not be allowed to disrespect. If not, he should be fired.
What is the correlation between the National Anthem and playing in the NFL... try again
Black athletes should STOP playing & shut the whole damn league DOWN!! @NFL @NBA @NCAA @KingJames @CameronNewton @Kaepernick7
'Privilege' huh? They put a life of work to risk injury for that money? You got your money from your dad without earning it.
I mean if Americans really respected America they wouldn’t have voted you as president. #theyfuckedup
Dummy, the players aren’t disrespecting the military, they are exercising the freedom that our military has fought so hard to protect.
Thank you for begging my President and Standing  up  Our America. God Bless Stop these NFL players who think they are above the Our Flag
They have the right to kneel whether you like it or not.  You must really hate the constitution
Amen Mr. Trump.. I totally agree. I hate when someone disrespects our American Flag
Trump actually doesn't mind.  This is all fake outrage on his part.
It isn't a privilege to earn that money. They work for it and risk injury that would end their short careers even earlier. You are clueless
With all the talk about white privilege you have the audacity to use the word? Oh that's right, you can... because of: Freedom. Of. Speech.
They r overpaid athletes I can't believe all this disrespect 2 our country&flag we the people helped them get their millions time2 changetha
This from a bloke who spends hours playing with his little white balls & an inordinate amount of time being spray-tanned!

You make millions and disrespect every day.
The money they make has nothing to do with the fact they are calling attention to injustices in our nation!
..much less. Average and below average income Americans. Football is overrated anyway. Just a modern day Gladiator sport. Rome is falling.
Money should not be used to suppress individual thought and buy opinions. Props to them for using their platform to promote discussion.
It's disrespectful to soldiers everytime he tries to dictate how a person honors our country & he violates the Constitution.
His every utterance is an affront to American democracy. He's a craven scaliwag. Father of hucksters. 
Without us (Black People) there would be NFL or NBA or The USA (that we have built)
Why are you wasting so much time on this nonsense? Get to work on something important.
Just like you're privileged to be the president?
Not really your business... where is the aid for Puerto Rico? Worry about things that really matter!
Seriously?  You had the privilege of making millions of dollars and you disrespect every day!!!  #stopdividingus
Love #takeaknee, the British however have been sticking two fingers up at god save the queen for years!!! 
If a president wants the privilege of leading the country,he or she should not be allowed to disrespect ANYONE regardless of gender race etc
Not how freedom works @TheNickSutton they can do whatever they want, weird how libertarians are all for freedom until they get triggered!
Never said they couldn't. POTUS also said we all have freedom of choice.
And then proceeds to recommended that the “sons of bitches” be fired multiple times throughout the past 24 hours. Sry ur “like” is approval
Yeah, what's your point? An employer should be able to fire an employee for that, if the employer wants. What is controversial about that?
It’s not controversial and I 100% agree. But considering the commissioner and multiple owners have come out against trumps words it seems
That your boi trump is just being what he hates: a triggered butthurt snowflake senile old man who doesn’t understand social issues
No employer has ever fired someone from the NFL for kneeing during the anthem and you are asinine if you think that’s true.
I don't understand what the issue is. There's no law, nor share there be, that you must stand. Trump wasn't advocating for that anyway.
Mr Trump we the Voters have your back 100%
"Privilege"?  Unlike you, those players have worked their asses off all their lives to achieve what they have.  Women laugh at you.
Its hilarious when any RICH, BLACK protests racism & oppression lol hypoctrites. If that were at all true they wouldn't be rich blacks. 
This is their right. They are Americans. Are you sure you have read the constitution?
The players earn their living. It's not a privilege. They have more dignity and integrity than you ever will. SAD!
Mr. Fake News Maker, it IS what makes America great. Pick up a book sometime.
Thank you Mr President for defending the honor of our country and its serviceman & women . God & good works to make USA great again!
You are not allowed to be president and yet you did ..
If someone wants to Lead a Country, he/she should not be allowed to bully, disrespect, terrorize, or instigate and should ACT  Presidential
It's not a 'privilege' to play professional sports, it's the result of years of hard work.
It's easy to understand why you don't know that.
SMH Help me understand Mr Trump. People that really and cause the death of another are good people, but People the peacefully kneel are SOBs

If someone wants the privilege of being president, they should not be allowed to disrespect... oh wait...
You disrespect our country and the people in it every day.  It doesn't seem to  affect your paycheck.
If u wanna make millions of dollars u shouldn't be allowed to disrespect minorities
NFL players should "take it outside boys" NOT DURING ANTHEM.
Today'd be a good day to release your tax returns. No one'd see it coming.
Protests are against racist police brutality and unjustified killings of African-Americans. @POTUS: Stop mischaracterizing it as unpatriotic
Respect for national symbols is voluntary by definition. Otherwise it is merely compliance. Get it? GROW UP TRUMP!
If a POTUS wants 2 make millions of dollars in the USA then he should turn over his tax documents as promised he would right after election
Privilege. I don't think it means what you think it means.
Don't you have more important things to worry about? Like your job? How many hours a day do you spend planning how to pop off on twitter?
Bro, he's doing his job.....and pretty well!
I know I know... I just wish he'd stay off twitter. It's so high school.
And if you want the privilege of being POTUS, you should not be allowed to disrespect female citizens #pussygrabber #ImpeachTrump
So because of the amount of money they make, they aren't allowed to voice concerns?? That hardly seems American.
Then why do you get to disrespect others?
Enough is Enough nobody cares do something for the country already.
Please do accept any changes to honoring the national anthem; linked arms do not replace the standing at attention with rt arm over heart
Herr Drumpf and the new Nazi Party of the US. Start the infighting. Stir the pot. #FakePresident  #IllegalAdminisration #ImpeachDrumpf
Oh.. Well that was a really well developed response. Lol
So you believe they would not have their constitutional rights to protest peacefully, thise why  many  have died for!!
Amen.
Being American means the right to say and do not merely disrespectful but outright offensive things. 1A FTW!
A president makes quite a bit of money..... yet our president is out here disrespecting woman, people of color, people with disabilities...
Nance Greggs: "If an idiot wants the privilege of living in our White House, he shouldn’t disrespect it by calling it ‘a dump.’
If a president of the United States wants to be respected, by the people, he shouldn't disrespect people who protest injustice.
Thank you Mr President Trump agree with you 100 %
God bless you.

Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
#BoycotttheNFL You NFL jackasses are where you are because of America the only racism going on are you people
If U want privilege of being pres, you shouldn’t be allowed to disrespect Americans. They protest racism, not flag. UR conveniently confused
@POTUS try taking away the massive tax break that they are getting, see how quick they stand up for our flag.
Will you please grow up or shut up?
"If a traitor wants the privilege of working in the Oval Office, he shouldn’t disrespect it by using it to convey classified information to
You committed treason to get that position. Keep attacking minorities  and we'll finally stand together and be the majority.
Although they have the right to Freedom of Speech, they are paid to play football NOT to disrespect our flag. Goodbye NFL!
Hate to say it but you have a point this time. They should be kissing the ground for making millions to play a game.Others work hard 4 less.
Freedom of speech, doesn't matter how much you make...it is an American right.
Say that to the Hollywood rapist, and child molesters
That goes for Actors also and others on the stage should stick to the program Not politics
Kneeling is more respectful than standing...
@realDonaldTrump I STAND WITH YOU!  I love that you’re OUR PRESIDENT. 
We Christians are behind you Mr. P
Puerto Rico needs help
Here’s the expert on how to disrespect everyone: @realDonaldTrump. Sad!
Trump disrespects the USA Flag every time he opens his mouth. #dictatorship #1stAmendment .
Alt-@POTUS is confusing American Professional Sports Leagues. 

They are NOT Gladiators his command
They disrespect the president who disrespects America and all who live there.
As American citizens, they have the right to work in this country for anyone who will hire them.  So it's not a privilege for them to play
Locking arms is Bullshit! We are inot Stupid! The Fact you still haven't fired Goodell is proof it's all about $ Defund all tax payer Subs
President Trump you are soooooright as usual! People in the USA are a big big disappointment with the USAFLAG!
Fugoff, moron
she ? Females play football?
Some people earn their millions and do not get from their father to start their "empire"
as a disrespected veteran of this country; I want to hear you say you're fired to those who kneel.
Photo shows Trump protesting the troops, the flag, apple pie and peach cobbler.
You didn't join the army so you could make millions because you were privileged
We said the same about the guy running for president.  Remember when you attacked a gold star family.  #therealdonaldtrump
How can you say this when you are so disrespectful of American people? America is the land and American are the people You should be serving
If a president wants to rule a country he or she should not be able to disrespect civilians.
callate eres un pendejo
Didn’t the NFL help you get elected! Back staber!
It’s called the right to protest you ding dong
maybe u should practice what you preach and not disrespect the country you were born in anymore.
Don’t cave on the tariffs. People I know will pay more for American quality
: After enough Fans quit the NFL, players may be taking a HUGE salary CUT. Bet they stand then, lol. No more $10 beer.
You embarrassing us as as nation ...... got all these countries looking at us like we weak ....... pick you those balls of yours and lead 
You as the President of the Unites States disrespect us DAILY!!!!
Disrespect what? Your so called immigrant forfathers creating this society? Get Real. Make America hate again; is on you.
tweeting, watching TV, and playing golf.

"If an obvious racist wants the privilege of being our nation’s leader, he shouldn’t disrespect
And yet to this day That's all you've done,  Can you find something else to do? We don't want you leading America!!
1st amendment ever heard of it JACKASS?
You've disrespected POWs and gold star http://families.You  should be fired right along with them for disrespecting people who served .
#BlackLivesMatter
"I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE USA.....ONE NATIONUNDER GOD, INDIVISIBLE, WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL."
Still waiting for you to apologize to the #centralparkfive...
hands off NFL.  Try focusing on national disasters and leave real sports to "real men!!"
Honestly. No one should be allowed to disrespect any other person. Regardless of their stature. Remember that.
Thetrumppfff reserves that for himself. His disrespect for our rights and constitution is embarrassingly obvious, along w/ his lies.
