Is #DopeyDonald a Mentally Deranged Pathologically Psychopathic Serial Liar and Sexual Predator? #NotMyPresident #SoCalledPresident
@realDonaldTrump I wish I could of been there too.
It only goes to stand that this whole Presidency is about prosperity in proclaiming his name
Do Ukrainian hookers also pee the bed
Do democrats always spend millions on campaigns and still lose? #GA6th #GOP #MAGA
Only since you starting running and beating the living hell out of them #MAGA #2020
Do you ever notice no one seems to be "happy" to be around you? I'll give you one guess why...
America (and the rest of the world) hates you!
So you want Russia to Own your Mother Country of Germany DRUMPF????
Yeah just keep poking the bad bears! WWIII. Damn you!
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 30 Days, 15 Hours, and 17 Minutes
Make that 7 years
Look at the size of that guy's hands! Bet it made you feel puny.
God bless and guide u President Trump. Keep doing your job and let ur supporters handle the rest 

Out making friends with former Soviet satellites as West turns away from Trump
You also said it would be a great HONOR to meet Kim Jong Un. Your words mean NOTHING. You mean NOTHING. NOTHING honorable about a tRUMP.
@POTUS #Secdef When Putin threatens to build Russian Base in Cuba with Raul Castro blessing: Respond by doing same in Ukraine with Proshenko
YOUR SWINDLER DAUGHTER PRODUCES IN CHINA. MAKE AMERICA GAG AGAIN #Con #Swindler #ImpeachTrump #Criminal #CashGrab
Please make America great again and retire
Stupid comment
Calm down issa joke
Встреча двух марионеток
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @VP How is Manafort doing ?  Did you tell him you are selling him out ?






A pot overdose!! That is fantastic. My neighbors cousin overdosed on peanut butter. Give her a like!!
Did you tell him to stop shelling civilians in the east?
Orange Man
He come to collect his money?
Mixing with cold blooded #fascist killers
Did your BFF Putin ok this meeting? #TrumpPutinBffs
Every evil agenda against you shall never succeed. We voted you in for a reason, please do not relent in delivering your promises.Thanks sir
What'd your boyfriend Putin think of it?

Oh look, it's the crazy cat lady troll.
He does know you are Putin's Puppet, right?
He does know that you will likely be resigning soon, right?
I wish so hard that this will b tru
This is what your "great honor" worth of! The blood of these people is on Poroshenko's hands! MUST WATCH #Truth
Ты о своём недоростке лучше покажи и заодно помолись на это ищадье ада.

Because they never did anything.
BeCaUsE tHeY nEvEr DiD aNyThInG.
Why does your statement only refer to the "peaceful resolution to the conflict in eastern #Ukraine" w/o mentioning the return of #Crimea?
Forget about Crimea. It's forever Russian.
Actually it's not according to the overwhelming majority of the int'l community

In the meantime, enjoy those sanctions 

#crimeaisukraine
We don't give a damn about international community. 98% of Crimeans made their choice to return back to #Russia. Period.
Against int'l law #Russia invaded & occupied #Ukraine's #Crimea then conducted an unrecognized ref. 

Like I said, enjoy those sanctions 
Also will you support sanctions against US for illegal occupation of Syrian territory?
What territory is the US occupying in Syria?
Al Tanf but you have interest only in Russia bashing so don't bother with truth
Whoa!!!!
hummmm
45 should listen more closely to what Poroshenko is saying, rather than simply nodding like an idiot. There were very strong hints there of
somebody who is not going to be easily placated. Again, @realDonaldTrump is left for dust by somebody whose maternal tongue is not English.
Would love to see a compare/contrast of people President Trump invited to the White House and people pres Obama invited to the White House
You wouldn't know because 45 stopped releasing the WH guest logs
Hopefully you didn't mention the Ukrainian canal.......
WTF?
They still need weapons Mr. President.
High praise for the President diplomatic skill . Ukraine President highly complimentary ! Everyday Obama fading into sunset!
Who spelled his name for you?
stop the video anywhere on his face, its always ugly.
oh
wait thats just his face
Really? A nazi?
Poroschenko is head of a vast worldwide prostitution&human trafficking emire
He harvested organs from his army for profit
Runs with NAZIs
Nit picky libs
Did you tell him about the deal you and your cronys made with Putin? ?? How you want to sell out that country?  Huh?
Nice
You don't understand honor .only dollars for you
And president Kushner is no where in sight, someone get that orange shitgibbon out of his chair. #WorstPresidentEver
What classified information did you blab to him?
Great, yet another country that now hates us. #ImpeachTrumpNow
You look older and more haggard every day. More miserable looking and more guilty. You want to kill me so badly? You will have to try harder
Putin's gonna be mad at you. He might release the pee pee tape before you release the Comey tapes.
I thought you and your master Putin didn't like the Ukraine
Of course you are comrade he's also a Putin follower. Why wouldn't you be honored? Did you allow the US press in with this visit?
Wonder what secrets you told him?
Does Vlad know that you met him? You may get horse whipped for that one! BTW, did you have Ukrainian hookers piss on you, #Dumpy?
I'll never forgive him the split that he does every single day between the families. My uncles, cousins live in Kiev and they are frightened
Did you tell him any secrets?
Potoshenko has 4/5 billion #$ more then YOU : NOT GOOD
Порошенко - президент моей страны. И мне стыдно за это.
POROSCHENKO ist derjenige der sich mit den NAZI-GRUPPEN in der UKRAINE verbündet hatIst nicht besser als "Hitler"
What a NICE DAY! Welcoming President Petro Poroshenko of the UKRAINE. It smarter for Leaders to talk FACE to FACE rather than having McCain
I bet!!!!
Did you kiss his hand or ass while he visited?
Wonder if you discussed the illegally annexed region of Crimea? #russiainvadedukraine #crimeaisnotrussia
No war hoax lures anymore!
Siz yük vurmayacaginiz eşeğin önüne yem koymazsınız
I always enjoy when people don't get their way or they are lazy and ignorant to label it "fake news" soooo where do you getqdg@1
He must want to body slam your ass..
Did you talk Russia or just classified intel? Plz resign Sir.
You realize Ukraine isn't part of Russia anymore, right?
Did he show you where his country is located on a map? Did you tell him that you support your Russian friends invading his country?
You danget is PBB sir,issue you same is Russia its who make PBB open inform is media

Get off the Russian shit wouldn't you want to friend one of the strongest powers in the world? Why be there enemy? Lmao Clinton lost haha
Apparently you do not read what he said about you at the election Mr. Tramp ...
And this guy made a mockery out of Trump bragging on thecanal
Did you tell him you were going to help get the Russians out of his country?
WARNING: His name sound Russian!!!
The only country in Europe that has not had terror attacks because they have not taken in refugees.
Yeah, that's why he had to sneak in the side door.
Was he given a gift of Classified Information too?
Петю надо было успокоить. Вот его и успокоили. :)))))
This is a loathsome affront. How contemptible. And you are thereby as unworthy of speaking for America as this vile depiction. #tcot #ccot
To bad you wont support them. You may make your ruler mad
You are a communist criminal ... Justice will prevail! Be worried old has been!
What was for lunch?
Good job
Way to continue protecting your want to seek peace and unity with those who stand with the USA.May the Eternal continue t give u wisdom

He is two-faced, he betrays at any moment, and you, I'm sure you see it.
What you did Mr. President in short time is amazing  no one he can't deny this except  the Destroyers  of Success. keep going 
Did he ask you where all their money went?
When will you learn how to sit in a chair without looking like you are sitting on a toilet?
Did he ask what you said to Russia about them invading his country? You know being the fixer that you are you could sort it out?
Oh no, no, no. Mr. President - look into history IIWW. Look for the genocide Polish people by Ukrainians. They killed 60'000 about.
Please try not to say anything dumb or antagonistic.  We might need allies one day.
Easten europe suffers Russian parasiteimperium occupation: Finland Estonia Latvia Liethua Poland Deutchland Ukraine Georgia Chesnya. Kick Ru
Yeah great honor said Rump to Poroshenko, can't wait to sell you and your country out to Russia. My bud Vlad, will be very glad.
Show him your Putin tramp stamp?
Could you even find Ukraine on a map? That's right Donald its near #TrumpRussia your soon to be home in exile with the #TrumpCrimeFamily
Did you share with him your 30 day plan to defeat #ISIS ? America is still waiting ?
.
Share any foreign intel today?
-Воно і зрозуміло . Він головнокомандувач армії , що воює наодинці з армією , що її так бояться Штати (уже чотири роки !).
А та армия с которой воюет хоть в курсе? Не надо бредом  предназначенным для кастрюлеголового местного потребления позориться на весь мир.
Another Allie for the USA. Thank you Mr President. So proud to have The Donald in our corner.
#Ukraine President is a Bought & Paid for Soros Stooge..
И как вам Украинский президент?Он уже лоялен к вам,или все так же,как до выборов.
We are not idiots It must be another LIE that you haven't spoken about #RussiaHacking with YOUR SPOKESPERSON @PressSec Where are #TaxReturns
Another Putin lap dog. Should fit right in with you
Come on, did he ask why you're being so nice to his enemy?
Yuge!!!
Another world leader given the opportunity to laugh at you and make fun of you.  Just wonderful
Impeachment.
Hi Mr President I would like to thank you for all you are doing to help make America great again! Praying for you and God's guidance!
REMOVE OBAMA PUPPET FROM UKRAINE STOP SHELLING CIVILIANS FOR SOROS WAR
Hanging out with some more dictators huh
When will you take steps against Russia's interference in our elections?  Your lack of leadership is appalling
Another friend of Putin slipped in the side door. #ObstructionOfJustice #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump #resist
Oh I bet you loved that @realDonaldTrump
Do you know where is the Ukraine located, you are going to make your master upset
IS POROSHENKO A CROOK?  I THINK SO. ASK HIM WHY HE MAKES SOOO MUCH. I HEAR HE MAKES MORE THAN ANY OTHER PRESIDENT,  5 MILLION ANUAL. SMELLS!
It must be fun playing president.
Poroshenko during a election laughing at the tramp, and now hand licks.
Glad one of your "advisors" informed you "the #Ukraine" does not exist. 

It would have been better if you said it correctly the first time
Presidente Trump los Venezolanos estamos muy agradecido por todo lo que esta haciendo por la Libertad y Democracia de nuestra País....
Thanks, Mr President
Is he a puppet sent to u by Putin?  U going to reveal some more top secret intelligence?
We can only #Hope that one of these other REAL World Leaders will just pop you in your lying mouth with their fist. #WHITEprivilegedHOUSE
More of a honor for you than him. They need to hurry and lock you up. Your a joke to the rest of the world and the shame of the US
Petro Poroshenko Stupid 
Did you give him any classified docs?
Keep it up
Got his email addy ???? Oh dont worry he has yours
Did he bring you anything messages from your puppet master Putin?
