@LindaKaylad Have been wearing the uniform for 29 years, but Not for these people.
No respect from the draft dodger.
keep up the fight for disrespect for flag mr pres. no taxpayers' dollars, n no tax breaks for ANY BUSINESS (stadiums etc) THAT DISRESPECT FLAG. pls continue boycott of nfl games, goods, or jerseys.
Isn't Mr President a draft dodger. Not very respectful.
So many negative comments  about our president... It's not very easy to be in the hots seat
Stfu He talked like it was
Hurt their wallets and their "hearts" will follow. The only thing the NFL cares about is money. BOYCOTT NOW!!      #BoycottNFLSponsors :

Filthy person
Trump is a disgrace to the WORLD & Americans everywhere!
FAKE TRUMP
I wonder how many of the NFL players that kneel even voted!

One of the best tweets ever.
That's nothing compared to the backlash against you! Quit trying to turn Americans against each other! You're the great divider.
The week you posted this, NFL games were #3, #4, and #9 of the Top 10 TV programs in the country.
Kneeling for a song, is disrespectful? Imagine someone grabbing your pussy.
 Idiot!
#impeach
But dodging the draft when your country needs you is ok? Got it! You ran from defense of our country and flag, so you don't get a voice.
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
#TakeAKnee to drain the swamp by getting rid of the current filth and corruption in the White House & 'GOP.
Only your intellectually challenged followers. We don’t want to share football with them anyway.  So long suckers
This guy is really disgusting.
Did you ever hear of the First Amendment?  They have to protest because of bigots like you.
Thank you VP Pence for walking out of today’s NFL Colts game after player protest—not  part of the game to disrespect  the flag & anthem.
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron

Y tu eses un cabron

- I refuse to watch or listen to NFL / NBA as my own reaction to their ill-thought disrespect & ignorance
1/2 Us blowing your taxpayer on vacations every weekend? What are you talking about? Do you have any idea on how many taxpayer dollars were

Hired you for 4 things, Drain the Swamp, Build the Wall, Repeal, Supreme Court. 1 out of 4 doesn't cut it. Screw the NFL, please get to work
When you show respect maybe others will.  Do you realize this has nothing to do with disrespecting America and everything to do with police?
This COUNTRY is most disrespected by this man: the ?real?DonaldTrump!
This COUNTRY is most respected by by the NFL and its players!
Which then allows these athletes to play their games and believe they have the right to disrespect the people who have made it safe for them
2/2 shows how little they actually care for their country and the people who have fought and sacrificed their lives so we may live in peace
Yes the disrespect of our National Anthem and our Nation's flag by people who get paid 10's of millions of dollars a year to play a game 1/2
Dump Trump. Kneel
#StandForOurAnthem
You are delusional.
I wonder why most Americans are so busy trying to get in one bad word at the President... What's all this about?
Or just throw paper towels at it...
Lead by example. This has nothing to do with disrespect for country and all to do with inequality and discrimination - and you kniw it.
I’ll show you backlash in the bedroom dad!
Don't let this issue go keep up the good fight MR President.
#WorstPresidentEver
You STILL don't get it, Do You?
They need to respect our flag and go out there and play ball that's what they're being paid for
I think it's fucking awesome and I fully support what they are doing. It makes me love the #nfl & the player even more.
@NFL shall be must explizit in his Protest b/c it can tobe Bad interpreted. Well I belive not, that was as for offence his National Symbol.

Like you disrespecting our country by teaming up with Russia to help their causes for return investments & financial gains in POTUS office
#kneelingisourright
NFL Players are being terrible role models for our young Americans.  Shame on them.  
NFL kneelers' beef is that America has cops who use deadly force just b/c perps are shooting at them. Let's have that conversation post-LV.
You can remove the part that says "perps are shooting at them".  Fixed your post. 🖒
Ask the woman in this video if she disagrees that perps shoot at police. Once she recovers from her hysteria.
Of course police are shot at. 1 risk of job, 2 not the issue. Issue is LE indiscriminate use of deadly force.
It was the issue for this cop.
RIP New Orleans Police Officer Marcus McNeil, shot & killed Friday, October 13, 2017; leaves wife, two daughters. R.I.P Hero  
This has nothing to do with the NFL protests, which is what i thought we were discussing. 1/
the NFL is finished..keep digging hole deeper each wk....no more excuses for these oversized 2yr olds!
Your ego is getting in the way of you, being our best president ever....FYI!!!
PLEASE STOP TAKING THINGS PERSONAL!!!!
I think you're the best thing going right now but you've got to stop taking things personal, PLEASE!!!!!
1st Amendment not easy I know when u r a sociopath but take the meds #LiarInChief #RacistInChief donny
The country stolen from native Americans built on genocide & the backs of slaves We should be proud if that? #LiarInChief  #comradetrump
I'm with @realDonaldTrump all the way with this one. These athletes think they are u touchable. I'm done with all of them
What does that mean? Untouchable?
What's next? No more Football, Trump? What's next, Hitler, the Holocaust of all except your White Supremacist regime.
This is not a dictatorship shitface

If you don't understand the difference between North Korea and the United States there is simply no hope for you.
Stop dividing our great nation!
Not from all of us we stand with you
#fascistpropaganda
that is true . Very good  mr president.
Where is the backlash against you!? Oh that's right, EVERY EDUCATED PERSON turns into fake news the moment they speak up. #Insecure
Boycott the sponsors and owners of the teams
Stop throwing tantrums on Twitter... Pay attention to the things that matter and stop trying to take away the peoples voice.
From the looks of it, you've been disrespecting the flag for a while now... Are you a child or our president ?

#ikneelwithkap
Thats funny considering you are usually standing when YOU disrespect our country!
It's a matter of perception
#sueNFL is very simple. @NFL sold tickets for entertainment, ticket holders got protest and politics. Meet demands and refund $. #BOYCOTTNFL
Stand for American citizens...why have u not visited Puerto Rico?  Afraid, are we???
#FakeNews #stoplying
1.3 million reasons 2 STAND(soldiers who died 4 your freedom
WE STAND #BOYCOTTINGNFL
Agree
POSOTUS - you disrespected the flag, our country and our service personnel by dodging the draft yourself -
They committed suicide!
like your "your fired" comment about NFL. love your reality TV show in NY. Oh U moved it to DC. Stop acting bad, start getting things done.
Isaiah 3:12 - "My people—infants are their oppressors, and women rule over them."
The decline in courage in our society as illustrated through elites such as the NFL owners could be a  judgement from God.
Disgraceful Tweet from POTUS. If not for sanity of wise white people who see through your evil rhetoric, you'll bring back lynching 
Because you have been so nasty about this, I support the NFL players and NOT you! Don't come to Alabama again! We don't want you here!
You are ridiculous! This is not about the flag & the anthem! The flag indicates freedom, & you have no right to interfere! Do you own job!
NOT
@realDonaldTrump Digging heels into the sand and refusing to admit when wrong or to even agree to disagree. Cavemen.
@realDonaldTrump Because unfortunately some are still very narrow minded and unwilling to hear another side to a story. Your followers....

Quit
#grow up and do your fucking job
Tremendous backlash against the @realDonalfTrump and his administration for disrespect of our Country's values.
Still watching football.
Says the pig who dodged the draft......3 times.
Did he prefer playing chess Dom?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtY9OtQ5vE8&t=43s …
Half of these wars are started because of our governments stupid decisions not the people. Run the country for the citizens!
Because of you I can't even say I'm proud to be an American smh
How many times doe someone have to say that there kneeling for injustice and inequality???? Your a true bum trump!
Ohmygod #Shutthefuckupyoucheetoteletubbie
U Are a backlash to the U . S. A.
so u r taking revenge becoze of 30 yrs old sock in the face?
#StandForOurAnthem = racism. #Constitution = stand,sit,kneel. No protest on #Anthem or . Its 4 racial injustice. #NFL #Impeach #Trump #USA
You just can't help yourself can you? One falsehood after another.
Not quite as bad as nfl backlash against you 
Tremendous disgust for a president who breaks his oath to protect the rights of Americans while the military fight and die for them.
Shut up already, Donald.
Says our racist Chump 
It was the flag.
It was the anthem.
Now it's the country.
Still hasn't a fucking clue how he got here.
Another lie from the pit of hell.  Viewing up by 65%.  If you call for a boycott and LITERALLY everyone shows up, is it still a boycott? LOL

My 2 year old standing up for America #StandForTheAnthem  #standproud #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
~ I love this Pledge of Allegiance

Tremendous backlash against the idiot of a president who disrespects everything this country stands for.
As soon as you stand for OUR PEOPLE!
and I thank Americans for the backlash! Stand up for our flag!
.... UNITED WE STAND
Ur behavior disrespects this Nation
How much does your president pay???
Are YOU respecting our Country mr. President?
   Always!!!   
NFL huge symptom of a gigantic problem. Behind TRUMP 2020!
Deserved
"Tremendous"?? The people of America support the players over you 10 to 1!! There you go again...liar, liar, pants on fire!
The NFL has NOT disrespected our country but YOU HAVE!!!!!

Get out Trump
Your campaign meeting with Russian officials is more unAmerican than kneeling for the National Anthem. Come clean!
Love it! Let em sit and not play, then let's see how quick they are to start respecting!!
Ur wrong and they took a knee because of ur responses and all racism..focusshould be on koreaa
They are not disrespecting our Country you are by mocking JM a war hero or insulting a GS Fam or calling some Nazi's fine.
Tremendous backlash for you as preside t

You're just mad because Rozelle wouldn't let you have a team in the league when you begged for one in 1984. Your hypocrisy is astounding.
And even more backlash for our taxes that #paidforpatriotism
#bendtheknee to respect all citizens IS respecting our country - once again you have it wrong
http://www.kotcb.com/2017/09/humbly-bend-thy-knee.html … make them kneel
This is a National organization that employees 1000s of people.
http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-nfl-league-usfl-sued-tweet-three-dollars-2017-9 …
@ManMountain78R3
Keep it stirred up asshole.

This would be important if we really cared for what you did.

Is respecting your country dodging the Vietnam Draft?
I'm done with a sport where it's ok to whip your kids with a stick.  Murder and evidence tampering gets you a statue. Dragging wifey is ok!
#StandForOurAnthem

There should be tremendous backlash against Trump for not showing his tax returns. That is disrespecting the Country, is it white privilege?
Can't fly with all the long hair football tweets. So we will delete them.
But long hair on football players is a danger to the player.


Bench every player and find them every game we will not watch football anymore take that to the bank NFL
It's taking you over a wk to physically respond to the tragedy that occurred in Puerto Rico. All you care about is yourself.
