not sure I have seen Trump cry?  Please post a clip.
No, I really haven't perceived it that way. He stands up to deceiving tactics. It's called strength!
What generalities you are referring to? Im not blind. Pres.Trump defines strength.
His strategies will work
The Dems are so frustrated & try to frustrate you.Praying that our Lord gives you exactly what you need,when you need it. You are  #MAGA
Obstructionists need to stop the bullshit we need a functional government. They would have had a canary had the GOP done this to Obama.
Have a good day .glad your my president
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now h...
You need someone in there to trust. Find a good senator!
You appointed Sessions your A.G. But nice try.
When I think on these democrats I think of the Pharisees in the Bible
Umm, yo mean like the Reps did to Obama@?
keep doing it,,,,,,,we will survive...Thank you for your hard work.
We shall overcome! We are American's. nothing's going to overcomr@as long as brothyylivrd
Thing
You need to see what your congress passed silently
you do realize you're getting impeached, right?  You'll be in history books forever known as ... http://tmi.me/1fhyc1 
Crybaby!!!!! They are doing to you exactly what Republicans did to Obama.
You told us it wouldn't be easy sometimes. We still signed up. We understand and thank you for standing up for us!
That's because you're a Nazi.
@WhiteHouse what u have done during Obama Era is worst so live with it
@POTUS I support your policy Here in Argentina we need a president with power, who does what is right and tells the truth.
#impeach #ImpeachPresidentBannon #Impeach45 #ImpeachDictatorDonnie
@POTUS you're fired! You da man!
Your nominee for Sec. Education is totally unqualified! Betsy DeVos shouldn't have the job!
we love ya man! Keeping your word to us means EVERYTHING!  Why is liberal media considered he enemy of the USA? Ban the BS
why isn't the liberal media considered an enemy to the country?  They are clearly anti American and should be banned
We've got your back!!
the dems obstruct isn't that what the GOP did to President Obama for eight!
And obstruct we will-Get used to it bud!
What about Merrick Garland?  I'm still waiting for those hearings.
swallow your medicine like a big boy.
can't blame just the Democratic's, the Republicans have a hand also in making Washington dysfunctional!
Don't think so.  However, you should be working more on your blunder!
Can't you push the Senate to get sessions in ? Thus us why I am not a democrat
#自民党
There are no tariffs on American cars in Japan. Japan does not feel like selling, it simply can not sell.
hahahaha, they did worse to the man you said for 8 years was not a citizen, poor you
You speak big game about strength, firing Ms. Yates is a weak move. A gifted negotiator would have chosen differently.
lemme guess, Steve Bannon made you say that? Right, or was it Miller? Those guys own your ass.
no shit, Sherlock.
idiot
@WhiteHouse poor you. Your cabinet picks are uniformly unqualified, ill-informed and unfit. It's not political, it's you.
Your cabinet picks are insane, and you are extremely mentally ill. Resign now or wait until you get impeached#StopTrump#WTF
hear ur going on vacay already. Has firing off those exec orders faster than Obama made ur widdle hands tired?
You will find a way to beat them...have to find a way to get rid of Obama Ag...it is absurd...drain the swamp.
your cabinet picks?!!! I've seen better cabinets at IKEA.
they're being delayed because they lack competence, not because of politics. Democrats are just being good Americans.
IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP, IMPEACH HIM NOW!!!!! HE IS AN ENEMY TO THE U.S., NOT TO MENTION AN INCOMPETENT!!!
Steamroll over them and teach them a lesson. They are a bunch of Globalist and traitors. Make them pay
@POTUS you gonna be impeached
@POTUS it's called republican play sir. They should give back what America got from the Republican obstructionists in kind
you are a bully that requires a bunch of yes men on you're team that Are afraid to call you on your BS.
You missed a word. It should be "Now have FIRED an Obama A.G.  You're a real piece of work, Mister President. #MentalIlness
you also continue to divide when tweet like this; it's not just the democrats!

Umm, kind of like the Republicans did to
If you had anything remotely logical to offer that does not involve Russia, you might get something done.
They should be ashamed of themselves. They are despicable. A disgrace to America
hey Bernadette...any info on any upcoming N FL BFT rides, rallies, get together, etc?
money to rebuild a house of the Lord
#Mnuchin should be in PRISON 4  fraud & #Devos is UNQUALIFIED & U Murdered children in Yemen. there is a reason 2 obstruct
get educated on the topic first
educate me, then. #Mnuchin is a crook #Devos is unqualified and kids were killed- what did i miss
I don't have to time...why don't you actually spend time reading and educate yourself.I don't disagre w/Davos
What have you read about #Mnuchin- I have 1st hand experience with his con.
also were you one of the people that lied about your income and lived above your means to get a bigger house?
At one point my husband name ( Mis-spelled)started to appear on documents & he wasn't ever on the mortgage
Such as?
A bit more specificity
Isn't that consistent with current practice?
Didn't answer my question.
Isn't the whole idea of charter schools to be different than traditional public schools?
Hold for them!!!
This is politics, you hack. The Republicans blocked Obama. The Democrats will block you and your fascist appointees.
I hope they stop everything you do  ......
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
Then stop picking deplorable donors and start draining the swamp like you promised.
Dear Mr President,  I am praying for you each day.  Just stay your course and you will WIN!!!
.... the obstructionist party of the last 8 years has been republican, they had so little they read Dr Seuss for hours...
Dude, of course political reasons. This is politics. They're politicians protecting the country from you. #NotMyPresident
Don't back down! The middle class is behind you!
We're just showing the GOP the same respect it gave Obama throughout the last 2 terms. Maybe you need to think about this
@POTUS Pot calling kettle black.  Short term memory?
ummm....this is politics not your boardroom
JUST LIKE REPUBLICANS DID. POLITICAL NOW. RACIST THEN.COULDN'T HAVE A SUCCESSFUL BLACK PRES. DISGUSTING.
Your ratings are that of 15th President  Remember 25 and 35 and no your the 45 hum
Really and why do you think Republicans screwed w Pres Obama. FOR POLITICAL AND RACIST REASONS
@nflcars28 please someone help me tell Mr President that a genocide is being carried out in Cameroon. We need help
this sounds familiar 
holy shit, politicians doing things for political reasons... who would have guessed.
kind of reminds me of Republicans holding up the Supreme Court nomination. Why weren't you crying foul then?
Hi.  Poor tiny handed drumpf temper tantrum #call to have your diaper changed and a bottle.  You'll feel better.
Didn't  you learn "obstructionism" lessons the last 8 years?. You can expect the same. Count on it.  FIRE BANNON.
can you please stop bulling.....we are raising our children.
No, they're just  vetting them.  They have a good vetting system, the best vetting system.  It's what you call #Winning
All the branches fell off your family tree when you were born
GOP has been obstructing America since Obama kicked their asses. Twice.
maybe if you picked qualified candidates you wouldn't have a problem. Just a guess.
We are still waiting for the treason/ pedophile arrests of Clintons/Bush families sir! WHEN????
No, but they got to hold hands first xD
You are in politics genuis
that Sec of Education you want  has to go. She is worthless. You can find better than that.
your cab. picks were chosen for political reasons. Repubs. obstructed (vs constructed) last 8 years. Gaslighter.
Steamroll them!
Fire them so you can move on !!!
you sound like a two year old! Grow up! your the POTUS for Gawd Sakes!!!!
Tyrants should be slowed
it can't possibly be because they object to racist and unqualified cabinet picks? #RESISTANCE #NotMyPresident
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'd be glad to do so for you.
why. You only argue.   Make America. United. Again.
Bypartisian: A DIRTY WORD !
Welcome to politics! It's all about being as much of a dick as possible - you should fit right in!
Like Republicans did to President Obama for 8 years! Now it bothers you?
That what you have been doing all the time. why blame the Dem
another unpresidental remark
welcome to republican politics. #vptrump #StopPresidentBannon
please make an executive order making black lives matter and the Nation of Islam terrorist organizations thank you
Wow, like the Repbumbilicans have done so well???
the Republicans had great luck with that tactic over the past 8 years, of course the Democrats are going to do it. It works
they learned that from the Republicans after they can't do their job for a year and nominate a Supreme Court Justice
why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
have you never heard of due diligence?
Did your prep schools not teach that?
no they are delaying them cause your picks are wrong for this country
naa your picks have no experience
not fair..sad
That's because you made the worst picks ever made.
did he seriously just tweet that??
let Betsy go! Good with everything else
wouldn't political reasons make sense since  this is politics & if all conformed to your will you wouldn't have a democracy
oh really? Lets talk about Devoss's plagerism shall we
Shameful
Actually they are delaying because your choices are fkn terrible. Pick better cabinet members.
#resist
.@realDonaldTrump Oh no sweetie, that's not what happened. The REPUBLICANS obstructed OBAMA and your picks are all LOSERS.
Just like the Republicans held up the last Supreme Court nomination? That's how deals get done in DC, Mr. Trump.
Yes, purely political reasons, like the fact that all your picks have no experience, are liars, & made large contributions.
yep just like Mitch McConnell and his crew did for 8 years
we have learned from the great obstructors.
Solo mero ostruzionismo e denigrazione a vostro danno. I #Democrats per nulla democrats, pessimi individui. Avanti tutta.!
Now that the shoe is on the other foot it doesn't feel so good. Too bad. That's all the Repubs did for the last 8 years.
I remember a certain party blocking a whole country and also blocking the SC nominee out of spite. Bad, bad Democrats...
you are just disgusting. No other word really describes it. You can't handle that you are not even 1/10th the man he is.
I was watching my iPad and the Muslims were rioting in Sydney Australiaand shouting Obama Obama we love Obama
The Dems are too busy inciting riots like at UC Berkely.   It's time to cut all Feseral Money to anti free speech colleges!
they are returning the same behavior they received over the past 8 years is all!!
in other news, 'Kettle is black' claims Pot
DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!
are you sure?  what the fuck does politics have to do with anything
maybe if DeVis had an education. It doesn't say much about you that you selected her.
Isn't it fascinating that they learned from your party how to obstruct!
True...but Republicans did worse for the past 8 years. Hope you can do better!
#44
So embarrassed by these narcissistic, petulant millennials who can't spell and think this country revolves around them.
Obama needs to go back to Kenya.   Keep your eyes open for the next prophet, Muhammad reincarnate,  ergoden.  Caliphate
Ergoden is on the rise to rule the world and slaughtering Christians.  We need you trump more than ever, the world need u
And, When Reds Blocked Garland ?   #Hypocrite ...
guess what your job is P O L I T IC S now
So True. It shows that the DEMS really do not have the interest of the AMERICAN PEOPLE, it is about POWER

You will find a way to stop this!!
stop being a big F ing cry baby
well, they are your oposition, so that is what they should do.
Good! They are doing their job keeping your ridiculous nominees out of government!
Maybe you should've picked people who were qualified for the job.
step down! I don't want to continue to explain to kids in my life that you are the example of what not to do!
.@realDonaldTrump Republicans failed to vote on Merrick Garland's SCOTUS nomination for nearly a year. I suggest you make yourself comfy.
settle down the Executive Orders! You aren't God just President. Even God had personal limit of 10!
GOP obstructed for 8 years. Dems trying to vet your choices. US deserves to know who these people are. Idiot!
