..... bullshit

Is this going to end up reading like a grade school report card?
@POTUS held Jones Act in place to allow time for vulture Hedge Funds to jockey into position.  #impeach
You wouldn't think that if you were watching MSM, or listening to the Democrats
Great job and response to All of the crisis that have happened this year. Thank God you are our President. MAGA!
Instead of trying to convince everyone you're doing a good job, how about you just do a good job? Your tweets are so shallow.
How's about you put a plug in it!!
lol are you talking to me or the President?
And every timer you've spoke has been a lie. #Resign
Stop praising yourself, you’ve got no reason whatsoever #Dotard
=> He asks for help and you deliver words . . . and bullshit.  How about chartering a flight for Price to go down there?
Stop complimenting yourself. And, no you have not been delivering, doing a tremendous job, etc
They shouldn't have to beg!
Instead of tweeting, why aren't you taking action?  Just asking...
You can post about how people complement you all you want, but fact is only 33% support you!
Being President isn't about counting complements, it's about taking action and ignoring the complements.
Being President is about taking the insults and using them to become a better leader and recognizing that the majority of America wants different results
Hillary certainly got him off his ass. And off race baiting with the NFL for a while.
Hillary been hiding emails since Bill was with Monica. You trust Hillary? I dont. MAGA.
Trumps administration just got caught using private emails. Time to *Lock Them Up* too. #hypocrites
LMAO! OH NO lets just Pretend like that never happened after all this administration is Good at smoke an mirrors. What emails? OMG
Oh my, don't tell the Alt Left that, it'll ruin their whole narrative, like the Russian collusion story
Ppl are dying and suffering and he is patting himself on the back. Same thing he did during the press conference. Me me me me me me me me.
He isn't patting himself on the back. He is dispelling the fakenews narrative that nothing is being done. Take the blinders off
PR says I am doing great. On the call they said I am great. They can’t believe how great I am doing. Sorry buddy. That is patting.
Like I said, you r blinded by hate. He is being attacked by the Alt Left MSM for " not doing anything" Sure you'd do the same to dispel that
If your concern when ppl are dying is to brag about how awesome you are. Maybe you arnt a good person or president. Full stop.
Nice spin. You'd do the same if you were continually attacked at work for supposedly not doing your job.If u say no , I call BS
Coming from liar in Chief. That's not a good source! He not going to bad mouth you because they need assistance.
Why are you so obsessed with tooting your own horn? You are not in a popularity contest. GET OUT OF OUR WHITE HOUSE!
I can't hear you over that sound… Can you hear it?  It's in the distance getting louder...

Mueller. Mueller. Mueller.
#LickYourself
You delayed sending help for over a week. This one is on you - big failure.
Well you better continue to deliver because the people of Puerto Rico need us more than ever
How about stop tweeting about how great you are and start doing something to help the poor people over there?
All you seem capable of doing is tooting your own horn
Any comments on this?

He couldn't deliver F***ing groceries. And he's not a #Dotard he's a #Twerp
Even better, how about President #DotardTwerp? 
Come RT and let's get this trending. It's a slow news day so far. RETWEET
Prezzy Twerpy McDotard?
Chelsea in jail before her Mom? She Funneled $11 Million in Federal Contracts to Her Friend's phony think http://offendedamerica.com/bombshell-federal-records-show-chelsea-clinton-funneled-11-million-federal-contracts-friends-phony-think-tank/ …
GET OVER YOURSELF!
Omg dude! Get this clown out of office NOW!!! 

Ask the people in line! Stop patting yourself on the back.
Delivered what?  More bullshit?  Admit it, u r just starting to get serious about this today...9 days too late.  U knew this was a big storm hitting an island a week in advance.
Yes, he strokes your overblown ego to make sure they get help. You are too stupid to realize this. LOL. You should resign after firing Price
Why is fake news saying that the people arent being helped?
........ a week later.
Delivered “Some bullshit ass excuse for not getting supplies to us faster.” I know right!?
We can't pay everyone's bills. MAGA must focus on U.S. first. We can help but not do it all.
They need to get their act together
The people in Puerto Rico don't think so.
It's all about you mr president and your big fat ego. Enough already .
You're doing a great job @POTUS for the people 
"The president has been very attentive to the situation, personally calling me several times".
Puerto Rico’s Gov.Ricardo Rosselló.
Ivar, sabía que no eres boricua. Este es tú trabajo"descalificar"al presidente y mentir.Tu eres el troll con mas de una cuenta You're a liar
You don't care Trump. What do it take for you to be good president. .
Me thinks the POTUS doth protest too much!
Et tu, Brute? Lol, Trump sucks

Hey
Wow, the hatred coming your way is beyond anything of reason.
All you care about is your damned image!!
Wake up! It's not about you.  Focus on what you can do to help instead not how great you think you are.  Childish!
Read a book or at least your briefings, not just picture books and having your staff boost your morale
Then why are the people of Puerto Rico still suffering?
Standing Proud for President Trump
I voted for Trump and i would proudly do it again!! Thank you Mr Trump and GOD BLESS YOU!!
WAKE UP PEOPLE ARE YOU ALL THAT STUPID!!  TRUMP WILL BE KNOWN AS THE GREATEST PRESIDENT IN HISTORY!!!
hello HE my name is william ngazija, am Tanzian boy, i beg you HE your helper. i have more poverty people in my area i beg your helper HE.

Please leave the white house
Stop golfing,shooting paper towels and tweeting about nonsensical adgendas.  Do something besides insult them.
You’re truly window licking kinda stoopid huh!? .. who knew what a “f@&king moron” you’d turn out to be, except everyone you didn’t spawn ..
Awesome we can assist with water treatment and renewable energy solutions
Right up there with Muslims for Trump! Dreamers for Trump! Minorities for Trump! And of course Jews for Hitler!
Lol comparing trump(the pro gay marriage candidate in the election)to hitler and the holocaust you are one silly man.
from a pro gay news source everyone knows Roy Moore has everything to do with McConnell your wilfully ignorant
He endorsed him. But not for the reason you are implying so no it's not really all you need to know.let's be real
Did you hear the mayor begging for help and cursing your ineptitude?
SAN JUAN's COMMUNIST MAYOR YULIN CRUZ -> As Pinky and the Brain, she is plotting to take over the world. SHE WENT BANANAS !!!
There you go again! Patting your own back! #donthecon #loser #hypocrites
Only you would brag about yourself in a time of crisis
Seriously? The MSM didn't write his tweet did they?
Who in their right mind would criticize him when needing billions of dollars in aid?  Read twitter from real people in PR.
Thanks but they need a lot more
Why is it you spend so much time seeking approval?  It would seem that's most important to you.
Lying again
Is there ever a time you're not patting yourself on the back with those TINY little hands?
Check out @CBSNews’s Tweet:
"The stuff is here. Let's move it. Let's get it out on the road. Let's get it into people's hands," San Juan's mayor says 
Hahahahahaha #delusional #DotardTrump
Why should we believe anything you say?
Delivered on what? More of your Americans DEATHS??  #PuertoRicoRelief
Thank you. After the last 8 years, its so nice to have a president who loves Americans again!
Suuure. Is this another call like the Boy Scouts?
I swear you could say youve sent every last resource we have and the libs would ask why havent you sent more.....
They will say why didn't Trump come spoon feed us, hand us the toilet paper.  Lord people remember Texas they got up & helped each other.
That’s exactly what PRicansRsaying specially that idiotic Mayor-Stupid Dependent Liberals-The supplies R there-Everybody there hand them out

It's worth asking why we spend $600 billion a year on the military if we can't get more than 5000 troops and 50 helicopters to Puerto Rico.
Mr. President, there is a humanitarian disaster in Puerto Rico. Why aren't your boots on the ground in San Juan? "May-day! May-day!"
https://www.facebook.com/IVFilmTVComedy/videos/1447743225341515/ …
That not what The Net Work News  states you said! 
 So What Did You Say?
What are you talking about. Gladly explain!
Stop giving lip service and do something.
You do realized you are one of the most incompetent POTUS so far? Stop tweeting and be a real president
Why is it always about you??Every time someone criticizes you you take it personal! You have to stop if you ever plan on uniting us
Ignore the left
Mr trump will you answer me if I ask?
@FoxNews @cnn @msnbc @nytimes #MAGA #Trump

Houston 
Florida 

Lefties try to make logistically challenged #PuertoRico efforts look bad 
Donald Trump is mentally unfit. His Narcissistic Personality Disorder makes everything all about him. He needs a doctor not a cheering crowd
Just heard on the news that there's more people dead than what you think.Go tweet about that and take credit for it.
Every time u open your mouth, you can’t believe lying eyes
Wgy do you lie every time you open your Mouth to say something you Tell 2 lies
These officials know that you R an egotistical bully. This tweet proves U R monitoring them. Say nice things abt me or No aide!
BULLY!
https://youtu.be/rtY9OtQ5vE8 
People are dying and you are patting yourself on the back? Put down the golf clubs and do something.#SCROTUS #FascistPig #ImpeachTrump
You cut off the real message, "...the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered bullshit instead of what they promised"
Every time you speak, the world cringes. Shut up. Resign.
u need to leave
Sorry we don’t believe you tweet. Fake news. Fake tweet
LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR!!!!

End quote?
If Back-Pedaling was an Olympic Sport, you would own like 7 Golds.
But why so slow. You just had practice. Did you forget PR are Americans?
By the way you forgot to use end quotes in your quote. This is what it looks like: "
RESIGN.
you haven't de
Ivered yet in case you have forgotten.
REALLY? You are shameless. You have abjectly FAILED the people of Puerto Rico, yet you fraudulently self-promote. Can't get lower than that.
You prove every day you are a key player in Putins AntiChrist circle! Your inability to respond sooner due to emergency golf, you continue
Why are you always talking about yourself? Very poor.
The Governor of Puerto Rico heard about your infantile behavior, temper tantrums, narcissism and incompetence. His backs against the wall.
This is not about you. I'm sure you saw the mayor of San Juan begging for food and water. People are drinking from streams, while you golf!
RESIGN
Quit patting yourself on the back 
Wrong, as usual.
People are dying.
Kissing your ass for desperately needed help, I would do the same for my community if their lives were endangered ..even if it killled me
Pathological liar.
#kurdistanblockade
...a giant pile of BS. At this stage, cost shouldn't matter.

Gumo Donald
With all the floods and destruction from Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, liberals want to scrutinize you, they should walk a day in your shoes!
Fake news tells me your a racist Mr. President  but my lying eyes tell me no your not.  Guess I'll just listen to my lying eyes.
#LOSER
Calvin knows Trump inside out!
No you haven't. Instead of lying, why not try to build a true story you can be proud of. Actually help these US citizens.
Ha Ha! Did you write that got him?
Puerto Rico winds of 155 mph winds - First responders Harvey Houston peak wind gust of 132 mph
ewww all you liberal democrats make me cringe
Bullshit
Corrupt pols & corrupt media having a hard time BSing the public while @realDonaldTrump has a direct hotline to the American people.
All the #FakeNew is trying to say #POTUS hasn't done enough for #PuertoRico! It's a lie, just like all the hate that spews from #Liberals.
He HASN'T done enough - Americans are dying, literally dying, due to the lack luster response. 
Listen you little man, you are the most deplorable person ever existed on Earth. People are dying in Puerto Rico and you're vacationing?
Your style is "suck up"
you are a liar.  Watched them begging just last night.  Your actions are unforgivable and you in my eyes are murdering them

Your cabinet wasted our tax payers money and let Puerto Rico suffer.
Is this a dream you're having? Or a real nightmare?
But what do the people of Puerto Rico say?
POTUS doing nothing for PR.  Everyone here talking about it.  Golfing?  Shame!
How about Republican Charles Coburn former US senator and MD
Until the last American is clothed and shelter and has medical assistance in PR, then and only then can you say things are going well.
You only fuckig care about yourself and have no feeling for human kind.
Hey Donny boy. ALTRUISM 
Big word, very big word. Have someone explain the definition to you.

.., Delivered what exactly?
San Juan mayor blasts relief efforts: "I cannot fathom the thought that the greatest nation in the world cannot figure out the logistics.."
NOT GOOD ENOUGH!
He's trying to be nice Dotard
Needs to goo like now
If the @NFL showed up to help in PR you would have something nasty to say
You sure are expert at blowing your own horn and patting yourself on the back! Maybe if u actually did something others would do this 4 you!
Again talking yourself up! You need to shut up and listen!!
So he's kissing your butt because he needs help & knows you love the ego stroking.
WTF else is he going to say when you're the big f'ing baby who could continue to drag his feet?
Do you think it is normal for so many people to be fired and resign???  Speaks to your leadership

How about this.. get off Twitter and go help the people hurting and in need and there will be a lot more needed peace
Tweeting a lot Don, not much going on huh?
Will you stop this inane self congratulatory nonsense. It's not a "good news" story. People are dying, yet it's still all about you. Sad.
That's not what I heard him say!!!
Now you just have to truck the water etc to the people
Where food, water, electricity and gas?
You waited too long to step in and then you wait til Tuesday to visit. You are an embarrassment!
Yet the mayor is begging for you to get your shit together and help. Im watching it right now. She says youve done nothing.  Who to believe?
Bull chit
I am SO proud that you are our President!! Thank you for all you have done, are trying to do, and will continue to do in the future!! 

This is might be the worst thing the piece of shit @realDonaldTrump has said or done and that's saying a lot.  https://twitter.com/LaChristie/status/913605637573169153/video/1 …
Tell that to the mayor of Puerto Rico, slight disagreement.
he knows how to kiss ass to get some help from you? How many days did it take you to lift the Jones act? You are full of **
Fuck you asshole!
