
lol but seriously that would be putin holding hillary
The election is over. Time to find a new enemy.
it's the fake news media and radical Islamic terrorists
you must mean radical Christian terrorists
Fact: There are large numbers of people from the banned countries that want to hurt us.
Fact: a drop of alcohol on a scorpion will cause it to sting itself to death.
Optimism? Your no-care plan is going to kill us! And you're still a Russian shill. Where are your taxes?
Mandate both houses to have same health plan if you believe it's a good plan, man up!
CEOs are optimistic because they will get even more $$$. Average american not so much.
Of course! removing all the restrictions they can make bigger profits at the expense of poor & environment
مردک فس فسو
still WINNING
Rachel Maddow has your tax returns. Time to make a dash for the border. Grab all the White House silverware you can.
lol, ya cuz it shows he paid his taxes!  Keep on reachin for air brah
I thought NOT paying them made him smart?
Actually he said he was smart to pay nothing in federal taxes. Not the least amount. Nothing.
But you said not paying taxes was illegal. Things sure move past in US politics, don't they?
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Your tweets r pissing me off. Too many on my feed. Blocked u and still their. Next step reporting!
Sheep gain weight. Wolves celebrate.
The best part about good news is how much it irks liberals. Isn't that a kick in the ass.
Get rid of Shepard Smith
I agree
Thank @POTUS44 Obama
#ObamaLegacy #OBAMABestPOTUS #TrumpTaxReturn #TrumpSucks
Also, @realDonaldTrump WeMajority VOTED 4 OBAMA 2 be @POTUS44 OBAMA Twice,without FBI& #RUSSIA Interfering
#OBAMAbestPOTUS #TrumpSucks
The Kushner family's proposed $4 billion deal with a Chinese company is an ethical minefield http://bit.ly/2mWEvn0 
After pledging to donate salary, @realDonaldTrump declines to release proof. #TrumpTaxReturn #Trumprussia
This whole #MAGA Slogan is BS, cus @realDonaldTrump has admitted to defrauding ordinary AMERICANS.. WAKE UP AMERICA #TrumpTaxReturn
Reminder"We the people"DIDN'T elect his KIDS 2 run OUR country.

Actually"We the people"by a majority DIDN'T elect @realDonaldTrump either.
#TrumpTaxReturn
@realDonaldTrump Hey everyone! Donald Trump's $1,000,000,000+ in debt to 150 different institutions!
.@realDonaldTrump @markets what planet are you living on??
No I feel like you're going to kill my boyfriend and I
CEOs are sooo happy! The rest of us hate you though...
.@realDonaldTrump you live in opposite world. Get a clue before you kill us all!
why are some news stations fake news but @foxandfriends and @business suddenly not fake?

Bloomberg is not considered to be a reliable source of information, pick the trustworthy one from the list bellow.!
so about Obama bugging your phone...
Table the AHCA and go for tax cuts and economic growth. Once the economy is booming then repeal Obamacare.
USA USA USA USA LET OUR FLAGS FLY HIGH
Your rich buddies couldn't be happier I'm sure. What about the rest of us????
WE LOVE YOU MR PRESIDENT
fantastic!
Your agenda will stop dead in your tracks if U don't get major changes in health bill..and we will lose seats in midterm.
MAGA!!
Except for all the people that will lose health insurance when Ryan's tax cut plan for the rich goes into effect.
your pocket grows and grows with lots$$$$
that's because you PRESIDENT TRUMP r winning winning winning for America
Most Americans are not optimistic because @realDonaldTrump resides in the @WhiteHouse. His removal from office is necessary to restore hope.
nah!
.@realDonaldTrump I'm so great @GOP Congress wants to felate me. What they don't know is I'mma give to give it to them in the ass.  @potus
are we talking actual optimism or... "optimism"
I'm very optimistic you will be impeached.
those are people protesting you. You sure are thick
.@SenJohnMcCain is the source of the leaks He was part of the warrant to tap your campaign looking for ties to Russia
bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, bullshit
This has been a wonderful 50 days and plus a few more. Thank you President Trump 
OMG what are you on???
Not so optimistic since my Tweet wasn't acknowledged and I need help he could help with just by pointing me to one of our staff.
Optimism? You are so out of touch with reality. You live in your own "alternate facts" world! People need to keep calling you out on your bulls**t on your blatant lies and misinformation! Big league mistrust not optimism!!
.@realDonaldTrump @markets I am optimistic 24 million will lose healthcare and everyone will pay for a wall. Thanks Donald.
they will only lose Healthcare IF THEY CHOSE TO.  THE KEY HERE IS CHOSE.
yeah if they choose to be poor. and if 'poor' is their choice, fuck em, huh phil?
no. There will always be social medical programs. The poor is always covered. The rich
they're cutting medicaid hun
no its going back to the states. The states will always receive federal funds for
I guess those that can work will need to go to work. No more career welfare.
@market Doesn't surprise me They know u r crooked so I think they believe u will pull something out of your ass to help
Optimism you’ll be impeached soon! And then imprisoned! You’re a traitor and anyone with a functioning brain can see your treason as clear as day. Karma is coming and oh will it be sweet justice!
Yeah they show optimism because you decided to line your cabinent with the swamp you promised to drain.
Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better! https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-14/ceo-optimism-rises-by-most-since-2009-business-roundtable …...
GREAT TO HEAR!!
How about limiting violent gun games that condition kids to easily kill, back to quality games
I wish we could have the national anthem sing all over the country at the same time to express how rejoiced we Americans Trumpers are
Donny RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS.
I'm sure CEO's are happy. The rest of us are doomed!
so happy for the CEOs but what about the average American who is not so optimistic listening to all your lies!!!
there are a concerning amount of your tweets that could be bookended with #for affluent white people".
Hail mother Russia
Newsflash, Donnie: Corporations don't represent America.
you need to check out Ivankas Clothing line, we"ll forgive you like Murderer #BruceCaitlin, just a lil snip and Wala Diana!
Sure the CEOs are optimistic...they are excited for all the tax cuts that will line their pockets. #SoCalledPresident #Liar
did you read the article? 
"TV star’s confrontational foreign policy and haphazard management style have bred uncertainty"
@DonaldUS2016 not good the way it is check Paul
Of course the CEO's are optimistic. They will b allowed to rape the American people more than they already do. Yay
Wait until u roll out TRUMPCARE. Oh yeah, the insurance co. CEOs will b thrilled with that, too. You OWN it, it's your LEGACY....TRUMPCARE.
thank you Sir!

just as long as you and the corporation is ok dump.
STOP CHEMTRAILS
So shitty how you think wealthy CEOs represent all of America. You only care about your own kind.
We need to strengthen Social Security. Seniors are already stretched and all prices are going up.
CEO's aren't "America" you halfwit, of course they're happy, you are allowing them to pollute unchecked for sake of profits
CEOs optimistic because your #Trumpcare & tax breaks will give them $millions
Idiots who voted for you shafted

#1yrtrump
No optimism, we are terrified. Russia is controlling you.
Are CEOs all you care about? Seriously. 1% of a population, does not a country make.
lies Fatso
WTF you talkin about Willis?

Clearly the source of the "leaked" return is Trump himself. 10-20 missing pages w/ key info. This is to DISTRACT us from Russia, health care
not America......American CEOS.....no optimism among real people
there's no reason for you top 1percenters to take more money from us in the dirt. Your wealth can't buy you more.
C.E.O.s... Really?  The same ones pushing their "more money" agenda that resulted in predatory lending?
of course they are... Government has set the precedent that they are "too big to fail" more tax funded bailouts!
37% approval rating the worst in history...think we can hit negative numbers?
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @VP Especially among insurance providers. Trumpcare is a subsidy for insurance companies and the rich.
ceo's don't matter. The public that you hate drives the economy
Optimism in YOUR, 1%, America, not seniors, Medicaid clients, terrorized immigrants, minorities, teachers, women and Voters...just waiting
Did you leak some tax?
let's see what you created other than your crayon drawings
CEO's don't need help. The disappearing middle class who actually work for a living need tax breaks!#outoftouch
your a liar
healthcare reform without a turnaround in economy is futile that is why everything being done all works together
%===U are the worst president in history
Trump is a con man, Putin's PeePee video puppet. We are optimistic that PeePee video will go viral! 
Back in 2006 we bought 4,740 shares of Ford Common Stock. Today $12.50. Should be 80+. Easy Street. NO. ALL GONE.
This man is delusional!
Optimistic we will fight against every vile thing you try to do! #ImpeachTRUMPMakeAmericaGreatAgain
veterans are waiting for.. Today was a total waste of my time.... At the VA clinic come on.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
when all are optimistic, investors should be pessimistic.
Markets get hyped & dissed 4 lots of reasons; don't be the fool who thinks it's always about him, when no 1 cares
optimism among CEOs. Have you checked with everyone else?
YOU people only care about MONEY and what you cover your bodies with. YOU DO NOT care about AMERICANS!
I just tweeted Bernie and asked if he paid 38 million in taxes in his whole life
Have you? Or are you also in a much lower income tax bracket, like Bernie? He didn't pay his fair share.
please don't raise my health care costs or take from Medicare. You promised you wouldn't.
.@realDonaldTrump Optimistic millionaires & billionaires does not translate into optimism for working people. CLUELESS!
#resist We R optimistic that we will finally see yr tax returns & learn a bit about what yr doing::http://www.dailynewsbin.com/opinion/deeply-in-debt-to-russians-donald-trump-may-only-be-running-for-president-to-avoid-bankruptcy/25398/ …
Of course CEO's are happy 
You are lining their pockets !
YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB!!!!DO NOT listen to the enemy bought liberals. They appear to be a lot of people, but are not!
Fire the corrupt intelligence agents and get agents who love America and are loyal to our great President and its people.
I'm scared No optimism I thot jobs no's fake What happens 2 numbers & econ when u lay off all of those govt wkrs?
Yeah, it's a great country to be a CEO in. What was that you said about being president for everyone?
Yes. We're all optimistic that you'll be impeached! #resist #persist #impeach #unfit
#ImpeachtheclownPresident
Of course! How can they not be giddy over all the tax breaks you're giving that is middle class will pay for?
kys
of course CEOs are optimistic. You are giving them huge tax cuts and every right to trample all over all your voters. Fool!
MSM said Trumps 1995 taxes show he paid no taxes for next 18 years. How's he paying 25% 10 years later then? #FakeNews
yeah, optimism. https://quiltednorthern.bandcamp.com/track/bad-things-not-good …
Only Because you are again giving the rich the tax breaks and you don't care about the poor, elderly or the sick! Shame
Yes we are optimistic you are finally going to be found out for what you are, a lying, narsaccistic, a__hole.

I AM OPTIMISTIC THAT YOU MAY NOT INVOLVED AMERICA IN AFGHANISTAN IF YOU WANAN "AMERICA GREAT". INDIA WILL NOT HELP YOU.
Yeah because of your tax deals and your lack of EPA standards giving them all hope for a crappy USA. Sure they are
Give me a huge tax break and I too will be optimistic

Keep working greatness with truth President Trump. ... libs that kiss the asses of the corrupt hate it...
your Tax Returns, where are they?
正義は勝
no optimism where I live. Shame on you.
All glory & praise & honor to Our Lord Jesus Christ.  
no, there is no optimism. No results. Haven't seen you create a job yet. Loser
of course there is. You're about to make the rich even richer at the expense of the poor. Yay you! 
You should be impeached Donald! Your healthcare bill sucks just like you and your cabinet and your presidency! @realDonaldTrump
Nope, optimism is gone, hope is gone. When you're impeached this country will heal and be great again. #jail45
If u give power to the renegade CIA to conduct drone strikes, optimism will be short lived.
39/55 at Gallup. Hmmm, doesn't look like optimism.
Optimism? What Optimism? I've never been more scarred for this country in my life! #megalomaniac
must mean that you are optimistic that u will be able to rip off the American ppl for millions bc that is what you do.
I'm optimistic that we're getting closer to your impeachment
POTUS #45, the results will be even better for whom? Your family members and businesses? Wealthy corporate executives?
Nice!
you are "batshit" crazy. Fyi I don't mean you're actually a bat. I know these "" are confusing for you
still riding on the cost tails of the last guy you really need to resign now traitor
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP...and thank you for looking closely at and cutting the programs that are crippling us.
We will not forget.
You're right, I'm optimistic because I know you will be sent to prison for a long time
because your giving up our tax revenues to falsely grow the economy....Trickle down doesn't work.... Fascist!
Highly agree
