Health ins. stocks are now up 25% since your tweet. Health insurance corporations LOVE what you’ve been doing, while the rest of us will be paying TWICE AS MUCH next year. My own insurance is going from $500 to $1,500 PER MONTH. Tell us again what was wrong with ObamaCare?
Not true!
Saying "not true" is rude, and unhelpful in any conversation, without any supporting information.
It not really rude to be told "not true". The one that told you not true, she right it's like untrue what you saying of #ObamaCare. Your price going high from what you used to pay is because @realDonaldTrump don't care about you. He want to see you get broke while he set back.
Instead of “....” and criticizing, why don’t you educate yourself by checking facts. W Obamacare people were forced to join whether they afforded or not!
In order to maintain lower premiums, you need to spread them out over more people. Healthy people bring costs down. also pretty sure you could get very basic insurance for the low low cost of free
.Hey, #socalledPresidentJackass @realDonaldTrump, we are watching you, your family & all your cronies to ensure you didn't cancel the #CSRs in order to manipulate the stock prices.Don't buy low,sell http://high.You 've already hurt your base & lost the support you had left
it plunged because you cut subsidies and made healthcare for the poorest & sickest more costly. You moron.
Not true!!!.

You are hurting me as an insurance broker as well as people in need of coverage!
You as a broker, maybe..
But makes it very possible for those in need to get coverage at better rates/pricing!
I thought condemning d opposition & past servers is only d Indian Tradition. Bt alas it's evrywhr aroun, DID RAHUL GANDHI give his wisdom?
Stop Jerking off
Seems like there's always backdoor money involved with the Dems. Incidently, the Dems want to delay Corp. tax cuts so our economy won't have time to reflect the hugh benefit before the midterm elections. Just a thought.
So you’re happy about stock plunges. That does seem support your whole “make America great again” thing
People are crying to me as an insurance broker about rates too high to pay and need Obama health care but afraid of you.
Private coverage was/is less than Ovomitcare!! Be damn honest!


Hmm stocks plunging is not  a good thing.... Are YOU plan on taking advantage?  Buy low,  then return the subsidies?  Making them soar again
Thank you MR. president for everything u are doing for our country
I still bet they all made money and a lot of it we should really do something about inside info with the senate and to think they sent Martha Stewart to prison
It's all a out "I" meaning you. When I die because I can't afford insurance, i
Of course you can... possibly don’t want to or worse you’re a democRAT lying! And in case you do... price out private coverage, you’ll be pleasantly surprised!
Dear President Trump we are praying for you your administration your beautiful family for God’s continued blessing protection guidance 
Wow are you naive. Trump is destroying democracy. #EveOfDestruction #WakeUpAmerica
And you're proud of this? Wanted to make sure everyone knows you caused  this in case anyone missed it?
Your missing the point. Now that the Ins. Cos. Are going to lose the govt. Subsidies, that was coming out of our pockets, is going to stop. That's why the stocks are falling and that's benefits you and me.
If you could just think past Obama with his AWESOME SELF!!! yu may not be such a Disappointment!!!
I know the system made lots of money.But myself personally figured out how to get through my monthly dr appt., meds,and a weekly therapist
After my divorce and a year before Obamacare.After Obamacare I could no longer navigate a system that actually worked for uninsured people.
Programs for uninsured went away. Here's the fun part, my so called medical insurance refused to cover my medication and so I still had to
Seek outside help. I needed MRI and an ultrasound breast exam I had something the NP was concerned about. Oh no more real docs to be found
Ending this now years later proper GOOD care was long gone. Even with top medical insurance now my care is no different. Getting appts impos
My mom died last May. She had needed to see a gastroenterologist apparently but the hospital and her Nurse practitioner didn't realize it
She lived in Bullhead AZ.So a month goes by and at first she's better.the next month she finds out not from her primary NP but oncologist
So she calls my sis and me. I flew a couple days later from OR to get her here. I needed appt asap with New primary doc and a gastro BUT HOW
YOU mr. trump, now own a failing health care system. so what do you think about exec orders now that it is all you do? MHG
And who is going to pick up the plunge ? It won't be U. Citizens of the working class, elderly, the poor. You must B a wizard-demonic force.
Did this end the subsidies the congress was getting too?
Can’t even afford my meds due to your interference
Do you realize how many lives of adults and children you may have ended with your pandering to your base?
- I'm sure the dirt poor backwoods hillbillies that voted for you will eventually wise up when their premiums go up
Oh, they are. It's amazing how much they suddenly like Obamacare. #smdh #idiots
Karma is a beautiful thing. I so can't wait to see you rot in jail for your crimes.
Again, BITE ME! You are so evil and wanting to end all that President Obama tried to help us with, is what you are trying to get rid of...
Actually, many normal Americans invested in healthcare stocks and made money off them. They knew it was a good new investment.
You are proud of that????  WTF??
The correct answer is "low stock prices are good?" Shit. I'm gonna fail my economics test.
So how much stock did you own and how hard was it to dump it before making this announcement? insider trading
You now own it. #trumpNoCare
Is anyone watching to see where @realDonaldTrump investments are moving as he makes volatile statements that impact stocks? #SCC
Only you would see stock market prices drop a good thing.
#MORON
#RESIST
#FUCKTRUMP
#NOTMY45
#FUCKPENCETOO
#CHEETOINCHIEF
#LOWIQ
#NOIQ
When less people are insured, there are less premiums. It is okay to promote more insureds and more premiums.
U really don't know what u are talking about do you. No specifics of how, just platitudes. Small mind and bad genes.
That's nice ass hole. My wife is a breast cancer survivor and needs checkups.  Now out insurance will go up . Can't afford it. You punk ass.
Butcher of Manhattan
Delusional Donnie brags
about exploding 1/6 of US economy murdering thousands of innocent Americans a year!
#Disgusting
Did you and your slimeball buddies sell their shares off first?
Next stop forcing people to pay penalties for not wanting Obamacare
So you give up your healthcare, although it won't affect you like the poor people. You are so self centered.
"I ended" is just an additional proof that Tubby Liar is going it alone, absent advice from knowledgeable advisors.   When will a TEAM arise
How does the decline in healthcare stocks result in better access, care and insurance costs for the majority of Americans?
Lying again. Assertions bad.
@realDonaldTrump BY THE WAY WHERE THE HELL R THE RUSSIAN SANCTIONS?U R IN VIOLATION OF CONSTITUTION BY NOT ENACTING THE RUSSIAN SANCTIONS
To @irishgilly, he cares about protecting his and his family's interests, boosting #bigbusiness and rolling back a real #President's legacy!
Cause and effect? And yet you still do not take blame. Lol
#worstpresidentever
True that Mr. PRESIDENT . The problem with our health care is the high cost of it . Just look at the Menendez trial and his doctor friend.

So how is this a good thing?? As Rex Tillerson pointed out, you're not the brightest bulb.

Our HHS Secretaries 'agree' with Bannon that Trump intends to blow up Obamacare. http://bit.ly/2uFUgDS  
Mr. Trump - I moved to a new state and I cannot keep my previous health insurance and get much less for twice as what I paid before not good
Really,  ONLY in Obama years? You obviously dont know shit about Wellpoint Stock in the early 2000's! Trump your a MORON! #realdonaldtrump
Thats the beginning of health care destabilizing you nitwit.  Not something to brag about.
You mean after you defaulted on a government contract?
FAKE NEWS!
Tell us more about what YOU DON'T KNOW.  You know nothing, do nothing, and are a nothing POTUS. #45AWFULPOTUS
You’re an idiot
Liar, liar, pants on fire!  I'll bet your butt's so hot at the end of the day you can't wait to pull off your drawers.

Because of Sec 1342 in Obamacare, it was Congress's responsibility, especially the DNC politicos, to extend it. But the DNC politicos didn't
You LIE.
So you are happy that hard working Americans who have health insurance stocks in their portfolio have lost value as a result of your games?
and there we have, finally admittance that the recent stock growth is all thanks to Obama, and the forthcoming crash is all tRump's doing

your Tweet was quoted in an article by @guardian
We miss OBAMA!
Fucking liar, you and the GOP are murderers. You should all be held responsible for the deaths that will occur.
And all to make some rich old  fuckers a little richer.  You will all be voted out.
wrong
You're not hurting Obama. You're hurting working families, seniors, children, disabled. #MedicareForAll https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trumps-obamacare-sabotage-is-doing-real-damage-to-american-health-care_us_59e1840be4b04d1d5182082d?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … @HuffPostPol
Your spiteful move will cost taxpayers $194B and raise premiums for those w/o subsidies. Lose lose. #BadDeal
Ok
And you're proud of destroying American corporations value? What the hell do you support?
America's stock worldwide has suffered since you assumed the throne as Imbecile-in-Chief.
Thank U for stopping "protection money" to insurance companies who's profits doubled and tripled through illegal dispersments by Hussain O
Bat shit crazy!
I suppose that won't come back to affect your base... Shortsighted Don!!
So tRump thinks he's smart now that he learned PR and part of the VHs are part of the US? His IQ went up because of this??

“trump ended payments to health insurance companies serving the poorest Americans in order to deliberately destroy the ACA.”
- Steve Bannon
And in the background, Country Joe yells Whooppeee were all gonna die.....
Murderer.
You should be had up for murder too! The poor people can’t afford your so called health care and you know it. Is this called ethnic cleans’n
That's right bozo. Soon you will have no insurance coverage for anyone, except you of course. As you say hurray for me and to hell with you.
And I will see massive layoffs from these businesses next. Thanks!
You are delusional and a liar
And how is this improving the economy when shareholder’s net worth is diminished? #Idiot
And you don’t even really know why, you a so called business man!
You're destroying, not fixing, anything.  You will be remembered for governing out of spite, not for what is best for America.
.You are 45. You shouldn't care about stocks. Your job is to care for the American people,but have abrogated oath of office.
Why do you think thats a good thing?
In other words DIE from LIES
This guy is playing with the market. I didn't know presidents had that luxury. Wow!!! I need to follow his portfolio. Lmfao
U r letting People of Puerto Rico die and now UR killing Americans w UR DEARHCARE ,U UNDERCUT EVRYONE ,U DONT EVEN KNOW WHATS GOING ON SHAME
Jesus. H. Christ.  You’re off your meds again aren’t you.
After you ended access to healthcare you mean.
Fake News! ACA limits profits to insurers. 20% individual. 15% groups. Stocks go down because they will all fail. Trump assures single-pay.

Bannon tells 'Values Voters Summit' Trump pulled CSR payments to 'blow up' Obamacare exchanges, make prices skyrocket. 
Someone needs to stop the dictator now!  His assaults on HC, P-R & free press not gud. Soon we’ll be in WWIII. PLEASE invoke 25th Amendment.
Miss him all you want he's NEVER EVER coming back!!!!
You suck. I hate you. You're an idiot and you're ugly. Only idiots & bigots think you have anything to offer this world. Go fuck yourself.
You might want to delete your Tweet twit. When a stock plunges, money is lost, business is hurt, people lose that money. People.
You also let healthcare lapse for 9 million kids, and now many won't have care.  Some windfall. #PoliciesThatKill
created uncertainty in an industry that assesses risk to determine cost & expect premiums to fall? Education is only as valuable as its use.

stupid fucking orange clown
What you really mean is that you can steal from the poor and needy! Bad guy!
You suck
The sad thing is that you don’t know how much you don’t know.
@realDonaldTrump @VP You both must be proud of the other for the insanity & mayhem. Both of you are equally sad and waste of human skin.
What happens to us who get insurance from work.  Will our premiums now go up over 20% to make up for the subsidiaries?
You refuse to pay claims.  That’s hurting people and it’s illegal. But what do you care? You sold us to Russia. Now about those sanctions...
He's accustomed to not paying his bills. King of bankruptcy. He's a BUM!
Hold on, are you bragging that you personally caused stocks to go down?
Do us all a favor and #STFU
What’s the matter Troy? Don’t like your sheeple to know the truth?
Careful Donnie lots of ur friends will be out of money on that and you don’t want to upset them #impeach45
Thought you were just bragging about the stock market 
Ah, you may not have noticed, that "windfall" was the way lots of people would have gotten health insurance, and thus health care. Loser.
Bragging about bringing down health ins stock? U don't know anything about economics, do u? U are too ignorant to be even a pretend potus.
Take away Congress healthcare plan!  Talk about waste!
Thank you!
I guess you sold your health insurance stocks first though, right?
That freaked because they have no idea what the hell you're doing next. Grow up, get a clue, get some professionals on board.
Way to cheer for the collapsing of 1/6 of the American economy
I guess this is the right time for you son-in-law's brother Josh, to expand his health insurance company, Oscar.Corruption throughout.
Hospitals R shutting down going bankrupt from illegal immigrants using a $7000 ER visit 4 childs NON EMERGENCY runny nose& not paying.
Something to be proud of?

Your IQ is so low, you have to be reminded to breathe.
You are  Rotten old man that's why you never married an  American women cause they can't stand http://you.you  never had a heart
How does that help anybody?
Oh that's right why should you care?
Why are you proud of this?
We know you're  great at destroying things.Look how many times u filed bankruptcy. Just didn't think you'd be stupid enough to brag about it
Only a moron wishes for the stock market to fail:

And republicans and democrats are working together to overthrow your sabotage tactics... yet another loss for you! Sad!
Ok Harvey Weinstein doppelganger
Watching 60 minutes on the opioids epidemic as apposed to watching SNF. Drug co's have too much influence in this country.
sounds like market manipulation
also boasting about hurtin american companies not good 
ignoring people losing healthcare.not good either
You showed them #winning
That's right wreck an industry -20% of the economy - for your petty goal.#loserinchief
Why?? How can u be so disrespectful to out troops??
You are a weak, ignorant failure!
And destroying US companies and stocks is something you're proud of?  Impeachment and prison are coming, traitor
Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare Obamacare
Why are you so jealous of President.
Why are you so jealous President Obama??

Amazing how U can destroy health care & your supporters, (white supremacists), continue to follow your disastrous (so called) leadership
Just wait to see how your genius move skyrockets.   Then all will be singing “ Dump Trump”.
Great news sir
The American people will soon end your farce of a presidency! Take note - you will, very soon, be out of a job!
To hurt anything "Obama", you are determined to raise our taxes and our premiums. Please stop. We have worked too hard to pad YOUR pocket.
Go you! Of course all the republicans sponsoring the ACHA probably pissed as hell since their stocks took a big hit thanks to you
you're hurting the very people that voted for you, but why would you care.
Ruk
if you take my health coverage then you and your pos family needs to lose urs forever!
I don't think that you're supposed to be proud of harming American companies.
No because You decided to sabotage healthcare
nice, POTUS cheering the devaluation of US co's b/c of his big mouth and poor understanding of how HC actually works.
Uhh..  not all insurers are FOR profit.
