
TRAITOR. MCCAIN IS UNDERMINING POTUS.
I would hope anyone would question this "Presidents" words when they affect every American!  Trump doesn't think-he just spouts off shit!
Now now mister Jung please don't do that. You should not play with missiles that is not nice.
Helps if you know the real name of your enemy, Kim Jong-un. Well, enemies, there's also trump. Anything happens it's on trump's head now.
I know his real name I meant to tweet dung
Yeah, dung & dump, sounds good together.
This is better?.."don't cross this line or else!"?? Cause that worked well for the last president didn't it lol
wait, you care about protecting waterways now?
He always cared.
Whenever you're ready to leave your alternate reality & join the rest of us in real world we'll be here for you.
I love the "may" in there. Sounds very scientific. You "may" get struck by lighting on a cloudless day and die.
"May poison drinking water." But that's because of the fact that he's allowing pollution of water something you can try to deny all you want
Oh, Ok. So it a "may". And here you are making it sound like a certainty
I know you're not that bright so re-read it slowly and carefully.
You do know that the article wasn't even written by a scientist? I know you're not that bright thinking that a "may" is a certainty.
I didn't see y'all complaining when Ryan and Trump reversed the Stream Protection Rule protecting water from mining & coal waste dumping.
It doesn't fit their agenda for the stupid unnecessary wall!
I don't have to live in Texas to know the wall is not necessary!
We'll Trump your POTUS get Pruitt to do some damage control.
You are more of a threat
You're concerned with Mexico's waste but not Americas? That why you're lifting all the regulations on the polluters in the country
Yes, No Infrastructure throughout MX. They live like animals, Been there, Smelled it throughout Mx. Don't want no more.
YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME ???  Do what ???  That's like republicans blocking Dr Prices FREEDOM HEALTH CARE PLAN !!!  Filthy & irresponsible!
Its a shame that only paid Russian bots like OneNationUnderGod are the only Trump supporters on Twitter.
that's because #Mexico is a #ShitHole country
This has been going on for decades and needs remedies.We are held to high standards in USA but not water coming back from Mexico
As usual, the American tax payer will foot the bill to clean this crap up. So sick of this!
This is just horrible!
#MAGA
Yep
That's exactly WHY I'm relocating my horse to another corral away from The Sewage Swamp reminds ME of Clintonizm
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/898106763064389632?s=09 …
No different than the shit coming from the White OutHouse.
This could be the future of our streams if the #WatersoftheUS definition is changed to only include rivers used for commerce! #cleanwater
Psalm 46:10
Be still, and know that I am #God; I will be exalted among the #nations, I will be exalted [1/2]
Think of the jobs, though! Those sweet 'removing toxic chemicals from rivers' jobs! JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS JOBS J
Lame attempt
Seriously all you do is watch tv
All you do is stalk and complain
Yea but I'm not POTUS.
Thank God
"millions of gallons of MEXICAN waste...," (August 9, 2017; 3:35 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
What incompetent local, state officials allow this to go on?  Disgusting. Why does it have to go to the press to get fixed?
Mexico is guilty of chemical warfare. Forget about North Korea and invade Mexico.
"threaten BORDER PATROL agents" (August 9, 2017; 3:35 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
That's because of our new deregulation.Its not mexico
How can it threaten them when there is a wall in that picture?  Wasn't that the key to the big wall plan
Millions of gallons of toxic waste occupies the WH threatens there world and American people
The orange waste out of the White House threatens America...  LOL, no one likes you! #Resist
@realDonaldTrump did you say things like these are false news
*US* AGRICULTURE CREATES LARGEST DEAD ZONE EVER MEASURED IN GULF. http://www.noaa.gov/media-release/gulf-of-mexico-dead-zone-is-largest-ever-measured …
Like this comment if you read the article and not just the headline.
You honestly think the wall will help that?
Nuke em!
in the land of daffy trumpet SHIT FOLLOWS UP HILL
That's grungy.
It seems that President Obama didn't tell Mexico, "You better cut it out."
I can see CNN breaking news headlines now... "Trump Administration now referring to illegals crossing the border as Mexican Waste!"
What about the Mississippi, Ohio, Tennessee, Cuyahoga Rivers? They're far more polluted than the Tijuana, but you're not worried about them.
You only worry about advancing your agenda. You could care less about the people.
Are they really more polluted? Side question, what should we do about this pollution mentioned?
Yes, they are, and Trump's cuts to the EPA certainly aren't going to help.
EPA actually has nothing to do with this... #IBWC International Border Water Commission needs funding now.
According to article, they should be working together, but they need funding. US gov't "has apparently decided nothing needs to be done."
Isn't this #biologicalwarfare?
#BuildTheWall
3 Years, 5 Months, 11 Days, 5 Hours, 37 Minutes, and 2 Seconds
Lies
Hot Button Issue...AGAIN/STILL (August 9, 2017; 3:35 EDT) #ILLEGALIMMIGRATION #IMMIGRATIONREFORM
It's like this for years. Mexico dumps their sewers anywhere. Into our Pacific ocean. It's horrid.
How do you think Canada feels when the US pollutes all the rivers and lakes that we share with you?
You say you care but then your president goes and makes it legal for companies to dump hazardous material into waterways.
Thank God we have a president that cares about the environment.
Hahaha.
Update: FOX news (August 9, 2017; 3:35 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Where are all those environmentalists when you need them. A real environmental disaster TODAY. Come on Al Gore, get on it!
Al Gore? Did you really say that? A man who creates more pollution than thousands could in their lifetime? Facts.
You ever seen one of AL's movies. He wants Everyone else to save the planet  while he gets rich. Sarcasm...
I guess someone got rid of too many business killing regulations.
,...& they HATE MEXICO (August 9, 2017; 3:35 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
they're OBSESSED WITH "BORDER PATROL...," (August 9, 2017; 3:35 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
RT @foxandfriends: Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents http://fxn.ws/2vltJJ4 ...
Actual shithole....
something THEY are OBSESSED WITH: MEXICO (August 9, 2017; 3:35 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Question I asked of the reporter @MaliaMZimmerman; this is not new story. Why isn't she asking "he alone who fixes all things" #lordZodTrump
after these months - WHY HAS NOT #lordZodTrump FIXED THIS?? Instead the missy feeds trump with fodder to divert attention away from reality.
So, now that we've gotten the "Brown people are bad and dirty" out of the way, what are you doing tip protect these US public servants?
Love LEGAL IMMIGRANTS not those that crash through to the front of the line, they are criminals who have broke the law! Gotta go!!
who is crashing through to the front of the line,
Also, this story is about "millions of gallons of toxic waste' threatening USBP agents (to whom I assume @AprilTRoyal has a small shrine).
Yet, she and the other deplorables still want to come here to bleat about immigration policy, the basic details of which they are ignorant.
So, explain 2 me again about how this is really about protecting 'Murica (and the people patrolling our borders) and NOT racism/xenophobia.
Well, this is our personal nightmare, thanks to an ILLEGAL in our Country, my daughters life is forever impacted. #BuildThatWall

This is the reason we have a giant government agency named EPA. So they can get paid to do nothing! #FleecingOfAmerica
The CDC too--they're politicized! They won't report on the epidemics brought in by #Rapefugees -  Endangering every citizen!
FBI is politicized too. Obviously Comey made a career of protecting the Clintons
Include Congress--but not Democrat/Republican---they are becoming globalist/Swamp loyal--NOT "representatives" of We The People
That shocks you ? They threw their people away like sewerage. They appriciated the Billions in foreign aid and foreign obama.
When Mexico sends something...they aren't sending their best...
They never have !
Not only are they sending us their bad Hombres but their polluted water too. Ironically running right into the shores of CA. #Welcomemat
Hollywood so called elites love the smell
Yet, you want our corporations to do the same thing.
Millions of flying carp from US experiments gone wrong in the 70's are entering the Great Lakes killing all species of aquatic life.
Coming from Mexico? Will that appears to be about right.
Oh, look. It's a "two-way street" (America is at fault as well).
Exactly what US will look like if @EPAScottPruitt gets his way
That's a bull story and the idiots at Fox News know it. #NotEveryoneHasALowIQOrReadingLevel #StopMakingShitUp
Well you can blame bullying trump for problems with Mexico.. the bully on the playground never wins

Guess who is not paying for this either?
State sponsored Mexican slamming this morning.
Really the president retweeting environmental concerns while his EPA is trashing current regulations
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
Why don't you care about poisons dumped by US companies into air, food, water of millions of people in USA who are NOT Border Patrol Agents?
Foreign airlines dump crap on American Soil everyday
Mexican government doesn't give a damn about pollution.
what our rivers will look like with you as president

Hey America Who do you think I am Loretta or Elizabeth 
@AGLynch Used an Email Alias While Trying to Bury Clinton Tarmac Meeting 
You are re-tweeting Fox News? Seriously? What an a-hole!!!
Talk about Fake News! You people should be ashamed. None of you have credibility at all.
Looks as if Mexico, like #NorthKorea, needs to be taught a lesson...
White people and their cave Beast news.
This is unacceptable where is #Gore on this right
Mexico is a SHIT HOLE 
Has anyone called Mexican Govt or involve the @UN ?
Well good luck w that, now we have an admin who don't believe in clean water...on your own!
Get real, the billionaires are with the dems. Don't you read the news or do you watch the no fact crap you get from the MSM. Spin or no news
What is going on here?  tRump doesn't care about the environment.
Are you sure?  If we continue bankruptcy we cant clean / do anything !
They need to direct that Mexican waste to the swamp in DC and have Mitch McConnell swimming it

pump it back over the border.  Better yet put a drip water line from here on the fence to detract people from climbing it.
FYI. HEROIN & FENTANYL ARE COMING FROM AFGAN & CHINA. How you gonna wall that?
The news they don't report: Americans dying due to water pollution in the USA! Why don't you focus on real news, Doos?
We've got thousands of lakes & rivers in the USA that have been poisoned by American industries. Why not tweet about them?
Because they refuse to admit that the USA could do anything untoward.It's so much better for them to blame POC since it validates hate& fear
They do the same thing when they come here:  YOU CAN TAKE THE BOY OUT OF THE SLUMS BUT YOU CAN'T TAKE THE SLUMS OUT OF THE BOY...OR GIRL.
Pretending to be concerned about Mexican waste, doing everything in his power to get rid of regulations that keep companies from dumping.
Wow!  Definetly has all the earmarks of a nasty neighbor. Like any other way to handle neighbor conflicts, report, fine, fix
have you seen many american rivers? only going to get worse with restrictions lifted
Mexico needs to be responsible for cleaning up their own messes. File a lawsuit against them,everyone else in politics file lawsuits .
Trump has lied his way into office and tosses tantrums that get more dangerous every day.  #ImpeachTrump  #FireHannity
Sue The Mexicans and make them pay they are pigs
Paris Agreement working well. Climate changers can get on board now and help @POTUS #BuildTheWall to STOP THE INFLUX OF WASTE
Hey Donny 2 Scoops!  How about all the environmental regulations your EPA is rolling back?  It's not the "Environmental Pollution Agency."
Throw that shit back to Mexico, make the illegals crossing pick the shit up.
Fine Mexico

And you roll back US protections for the environment to line your accounts! #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump #LiarInChief
To bad they don't have an EPA to enforce clean water like the US, oh wait......
where is Al Gore, this is a terrorist attack on the environment
#TrumpRussia  #TrumpShouldResign
Fine the Mexicans !
Ohhhh ... and here I thought it was the coyotes?  So walling it off and giving Mexico the Rio Grand River is your plan?
Trump IS the human waste threatening the entire world.
Shit poster  full of lies
Oh look it's one of #twitler's drones lol ...
If you knew Mexico you'd know this is nothing new and is found throughout the country.
Guess you are an expert in Mexico
Expert. No. But I've lived there since 1988. Y tu?
I used to . I supposed you met good people and lovely families there. It is not like the bad and prejudiced reviews i am reading here.
I did. They hate the pollution and love their country. They work hard.
Yep way to mess up .ca.
Threaten them, they'll soon stop when they realize they're up against "The Trump Machine". No-body wins but "The Trump" !
Have I told you oh yes I have let me tell you again you make me sick
And the sewage coming out of the White house threatens the entire US
and @VicenteFoxQue is worried about @POTUS building a wall.  I bet he locks his doors at night to keep people that live like this out.
Get busy California.  You have work to do .
Those darn Mexicans!  Always messing thing up!  How can we oppress them if it's so darn dirty down there!  IMPEACH NOW!
Trump is a MESS. Trump is a worse MESS than "Mexican" waste.
Your precious foreign criminal obama did this CRAP , Not Trump !
What do you care? FOX News hates the environment.
Close all the damn ports of entry,  who needs this!?
SD WWTD div. Can handle ALL of this waste w local treatment plant use it 4 methane energy & make purified water. Need clean H2O a long wall?
Oh, NOW you think polluted waters are dangerous? OK. #CleanWaterRule
GHADS!!! How much More do we have to endure!!! Build that Wall!!! 
USA has had 2 deal w/ Mexico's sewage 4 decades. Maybe we should agree 2 pay 4 the wall, but only if they fix their crappy sewer system!
President Trump please fast track this issue and make it a priority. It is not right that
another country poison their neighbors.
Really? Just an accident?
#RESIGN

As a former San Diegoian from Taxifornia...this has gone on for  many many many years. Don't want my Border agents sick. 
Wow what scumbags!!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews well then leave and the trash will be gone.
So what are you doing about it? You tweeted, now answer! I know you don't care about the environment
What a disgrace! Our country needs to ensure this is taken care of by Mexico.
Ever visited Hanford, Washington?
Well that's shitty.
Maybe it's Donald Trump!
Didn't you just sign a bill that allows US companies to dump their waste into our rivers and streams?
Bad neighbors.
News flash genius a wall does not stop a river from flowing

Is it actively rising up to threaten? Does it threaten in English or just pantomime?
People usually dump their crap alongside ugly fences where no one will see them or care.
Do not blame Mexico for this, Trump is the one removing regulations to protect our water and air. So blame anyone that supports Trump

Then maybe you shouldn't have cut aide to the EPA, and your border agents wouldn't have to deal with this. Another stupid mistake.
You ought to threaten them with "fire & fury" so...they can laugh their asses off.
Eww
Nasty
But let's not have environmental controls.
Hundreds of pounds of American president waste threaten North Koreans and Americans alike. - there, fixed it for you.
I live in Texas outside city limits I pay $40/month for 1 can a dumpster is $155/month. I see people dumping there trash on a daily bases.
what about the millions gallons of waste @realDonaldTrump & @EPAScottPruitt's damage to the @EPA,clean water initiatives, etc will do?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews 
Build the wall and take the river !
Huh..don't fed pigs with clean water but this cross the line !
RT @realDonaldTrump: RT @foxandfriends: Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten ... http://fxn.ws/2vltJJ4 
This threat 1st.
And with all the rollbacks of epa rules will be doing the same thing here nice try at deflection
You hypocrite. American businesses do the same thing, so EPA establishes regulations to save the environment, & you block the regulations.
Again the weak leadership chooses to RT about anything then what is happening with in our borders.
@Lrihendry @FoxNews That is disgusting & unacceptable. Where's Al Gore & his friends now...?!?
This is racist.
Disgusting. Don't get any of your  on our wall, Mexico.
@immigrant4trump @FoxNews #ElCrapo?
What about all the waste in DC that is threatening the American people? That is little more important
Where's environmental

Thank you for calling attention to this and for doing something about it! 
Build the wall, plug the river.
Mexico is building it's own wall
This is done on purpose and they've done it before. Sanction Mexico to send a message.
…http://hendersonductlessairconditioner.blogspot.com/2017/08/when-coils-freezing-up.html …
Why are we not talking about this more. Especially the left who scream climate and environment?
Just another example that Mexico is a horrendous country ..
That's horrible.  It's a good thing that you have done all that deregulation because we want to be like our neighbors in this way.
