Egyptians used slaves to build the Pyramids. The Monuments Must Go  #LiberalLogic
The White House was also built by slaves. Let's tear it down too
Michelle Obama say I live n white house built by slaves ppl gave her hell I think she not mean that negative but 2say look how far we come
Trump Supporters are pissed off Americans that are no longer buying the #FakeNews okie doke! #Woke
Guess Again. Fake News would have you believe Trump has lost his Base.   The Trump Train  is Longer and Stronger.  More determined to drain
You know what would be strong leadership? Call to have them taken down. Use your un-american wall budget to move them into a history museum.
Why can't we as Southerners (Oh, make that UNRACIST southerners) have monuments depicting our past? Why should our past be any less....
...important because some ignorant southerners did something horrible? Why are we all being prosecuted & judged solely based on the...
...actions of others? I am asking that everyone "STOP", "TAKE A BREATH" & realize that either for good, bad or just plain disgusting...
...its still part of our American history! You may not like what transpired but everything our country  (including all of us) went thru...
...made us the great & wonderful country we are today & regardless what some might think, not everything southern implies racism! Thank you!
The ONLY statues the confederates should have is depicting them surrendering. THAT would be different. Instead they were made for idolizing.
Sorry, but I didn't build the statue.
Blessed with a new day, PATRIOTS! God bless all who defend this great country for Family, Friends, and even Fools 
May God Bless you

May God bless our troops

May God bless our President

May God bless 
the United States of America

Lilly, it’s nice to know another #MAGA patriot.
It's not beauty. The fact that you don't understand the REAL United States history of these men who fought to continue slavery is idiotic.
You do understand these men were traitors to the union which is what is the United States of America- right?
we would not consider a General who defected from the military now to support a civil against our country a hero.
These were great men who fought for and defended their states, family and friends in a Civil War.
You do realize that a traitor from within is worse than a foreign enemy? Not great men, but traitors against this country. Patriot much?
Even if it's not about slavery, these men still donned uniforms of a foreign nation and fought to destroy the USA. That's what ur "honoring"
Who erected the statues and monuments all over the country to honor these soldiers that you seek to erase from history? Better men than you.
The sons and daughters of the Confederacy right around the turn of the century when soldiers who had fought started dying.  I sympathize...
Aunt Crabby will fight to keep the monument of you and Mitch McConnell, @realDonaldTrump
We could replace it with statue of Bannon...
They must think Russia probe isn't working.  This is another attempt to get rid of you.  This all is so much like Russia under Stalin.
Honestly, how smart do you have to be?  Nazis, bad. White supremacists, bad. Domestic terrorists, bad. You can't even get the easy things
It's working keep it up !
Walmart stock plummets today 
Because walmart stabbed the president in the back

LOOK !!
We have more economic power than they realize. Time to cut off their money!!!
That's right billy 
Seeing the stock market today was beautiful
You're celebrating this nation's enemy...the Confederacy started the Civil War and caused great loss of life and you talk about "beauty?"
All that campaign talk did was fill the peoples heads with shit. Sway the people one way or the other. Politicians fool all of us. SHAME.
Disgraceful. 45 is now nothing but an offense ve disgrace.
why would you want to keep monumental statues up that represent inequality and and barbaric behavior by whites who oppressed ppl of color

If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him @HillaryClinton 
Compromise? How abt we leave up JUST the horses. The horses weren't evil and after what they went thru they deserve a few statues #PonyPower
Ahhhh the Pony Struggle. How could I be so insensitive? Horse and Pony alike deserve memorials and statues in their honor.
No. Just ponies. The horses are racist fuckwads
Hey some of those horses are "very nice people"!
I guess you had the alt ponies charging at the alt horses in neighvada the other day, but both sides were violent
Beauty would be a moratorium on destruction of wilderness and wildlife, not some traitor-on-a-phallic-symbol or guy-on-horseback statue.
Beauty would be planting a tree or restoring a drilling site or taking down the wall that harms migration patterns.
Beauty is clean water and clean air.
Beauty is a clean ocean with no oil spills and no plastic.
Beauty is preserving this planet for the generations to come, not exploiting it for natural resources for profit.
Beauty is kindness to people, regardless of race or ethnicity and not making children feel bad by carrying torches and insulting them.
I'm sure you can think of a few beautiful things that do not involve tributes to people determined to keep people as property.
Instead of building monuments to Civil War generals, why didn't the south build monuments to the slaves buried in unmarked graves?
There looking to piss off America
President Trump call out the national guard

Now all people stop tearing down our forefathers and let history be history.

Much love lb
You don't tear down a statue of an old General because a few people are upset, because they don't know what the civil war was even about.
You know what else takes beauty away from our cities and states? Removing national parks and putting down pipelines #choices
bWaah!
They're fighting back!
@LBIRobert :
The statues are coming! The statues are coming! Run for your lives! Lock up your children! The statues are coming!
The statues AND THE RUSSIANS!
RUN AWAY
RUN AWAY!
Don't try to erase our history.. it was a  part of the past. Not saying it was good but nonetheless a part of history.
Keep on yappin bruh.
People aren't property - should've never been property. can't change history - but you damn sure don't have to celebrate the worst parts.
Meet the "ANTIFA CONSTRUCTION CREW"...

Domestic terrorist removing these monuments are no better than ISIS, trying to destroy there history too..
"The beauty..."??? Wow.... Do you think the statue being removed in Kentucky is beautiful?   Speechless
No one wants them comparably replaced.
You are pure evil
Maybe time to take you down.
These statues should not be up in "honor."  They represent secessionist history and oppressing a people.
Berlin has a holocaust memorial rather than Nazi monuments. Just an observation.
The bad thing is this could be construed to be a tribute to what the Nazi murders had done.
No, it couldn't
What a mad reply. First read it and thought "this Twitter bot is almost convincing"
Just baffling
The haters could turn this memorial into a hostile attack on them just the way these white supremacists did. Plack depicted his surrender.
I wish you'd feel this way about our national parks, waterways and the land stolen for pipelines and your wall between US and Mexico.
Angel Smith I like your style. That's a really good question. I'm sure there's an ad in the paper, somewhere, recruiting Hillary followers
You sound like the president of a Dukes of Hazzard fan club-not the United States of America.
So sad!
What is beautiful about a statue of a man who committed treason against the union just so he could own people? Slavery was not beautiful.
Maybe plant a tree? I hear they can look quite nice #justsaying
Surprisingly, while it is illegal to hang swastika's and put up statues of Hitler in Germany, people still fucking remember the Holocaust!
How are you a real person
I'm so glad I live in Australia
First of all we won the fucking war so all that confederate shit needs to go. Idgaf if it's our history ya know what else is our history ?
Killing fucking native Americans  hanging people for their color , they were not beautiful statues they were a sign of white supremacy
So confederate statues are the beauty in our parks? Call me an American, but I think the #confederacy was a rebellion & ur defending this? 

Wait. You're saying that memorials to traitors who championed slavery are "beauty"?  No wonder your Arts Council quit.
Donald J Trump is no racist. It's a media driven fake news. There trying to destroy our Potus. DJT is the biggest threat to NWO ever.!!!
@esterlee @NAACP "a new history2replace the old that in time will repeat itself! Need 2 learn from the past
"Good noW!"®,B"H. & appreciate tho' slavery was bad enough, how many have since prospered instead of having 2flee tribal wars in Africa 2017
"Good noW!"®,B"H. @elza_news @NIVIsa4031 @RyanJensen2018 @GaetaSusan @HouseGOP @POTUS @AmyMek @dtrumpnation @AmyMek @AP @Davewellwisher @VP
the beauty of our nation was lost on Jan 20 2017
Hey....TREASONOUS TRUMP.... let me just leave this here. 
BONWIT TELLER
You decry the removal of Confederate monuments, yet have no problem destroying Native American land to put in a pipeline. #HypocriteInChief
Don't look at them as the history of the people on the statues, look at why they were erected. Not to commemorate but to denigrate blacks!
President Trump: fighting for the rights of Nazis and statues. Awesome. You suck, dude. Please resign. Impeachment takes too long.
Our neighborhood statue was placed in 1951 as a punch in the face to Civil Rights. These are not historical. They are Jim Crow.
So, should those naked statues of you go back up too?
Luckily, you are easily replaced. I could throw a rock and hit someone who'd be a better @potus
Nah, no one will miss these monuments of racism. Well, other than racists.
Isn’t it sad you couldn’t find any statue of Adolf Hitler in Berlin although it was part of Germany’s history. Sad, so sad!!
How's that zero dollar NEH and NEA budget fit into that plan, sporto?    Don't you ever get tired of being a joke?
I agree with you let’s take down all those monuments full of hate and disgrace and let’s only keep this one in each city
Declare BLM and Antifa terrorist organizations and ARREST them before they destroy the whole country piece by piece.
Statues of treason against the United States are not symbols of beauty to Americans. They are relics of bigotry & crimes against humanity.
What they could be replaced by...
You mean this beauty?
Educators and Historians don't need statues that glorify failure and ignorance to teach American History.
Next you'll be saying that nooses should be reinstalled in the trees where lynchings occurred. Nation's heritage, right? #UnfitForOffice
As if you are capable of appreciating beauty of any kind if it doesn't have a p*ssy and tits.
Watch Ken Burns "The West", specifically the episode on "The Civil War". You should really watch the entire series. #Charlotteville
I hope not. Shouldn't laud traitors fighting to preserve human slavery. #resist
Oh, how funny you are. Remember when you had no problem destroying art for your building? Hypocrite.
Please tweet about how we need to place blame on "both sides"...
You just don't get it, do you? The world is moving on. Your privileged white man ideas are a thing of the past. Get with the program.
Months ago you signed an EO to remove national parks and monuments - only your zombie base will believe concerns about history of statues.
And the public lands you gave to your rich friends, this week will be sorely missed, too, Herr Drumpf.
My goodness, you are even more mentally ill then thought...SO SICK!!!
So, you R defending treason? You like that they wanted to keep human slaves? Gotcha! Do you know these Klansman? Do they call you at home?

#Wrong they can be easily replaced with works of art not symbols of bigotry #Resign #TrumpRussia #ResistHate
Why don't we agree that the states of the Confederacy may now secede. You go be their president and we'll hold a special election.  Deal?
Maybe they'll let you set up the new capital in Mar-a-Lago. And you hire the Klan as your storm troopers.
When your term ends, if your term ends, Bob Mueller will help you find a nice retirement facility at government expense.
Hell, we'll let your whole family come.
I agree, I live in the North what people in the South are amazing welcoming and kind. For the most part but that goes everywhere....
Wrong. Confederate leaders committed treason when they raised arms to defend keeping humans as property. Take down those monuments.
Maybe museum best place for statues - don't erase history - put it in its place, a reminder of where we were and how we're evolving -
Robert E Lee led the fight to keep people in slavery - now difficult to imagine a sane person having a slave - humans are evolving.
oh and well your At It why don't you read the US Constitution ? Maybe ? #trumpfail
This is fact in the USA all you need is a big yakkety mouth who knows nothing about anything, @realDonaldTrump is proof!
I can't understand how we elected such an unfit person.  Surly this will teach us to be much more careful how we vote. Trump is a disgrace!
I suggest replacing the monuments with statues of @realDonaldTrump - erected right next to the Bowling Green Massacre plaques!
Put them next to the River of Blood memorial!  It's important to remember our (non)history.
I stand firmly with you Mr President, as so many others do. 
This is the definition of Confederate flags and Confederate men in statues
You are referring to the damage from your environmental policy,  right?
Bullshit!!!
And yet you want to CLOSE AMERICAN National Monuments - while you argue to PRESERVE treasonous Confederate Monuments. 
Resign.

#Impeach
I know! Isn't it terrible that the beauty and progress of 8 years are removed in 8 months by a narcissistic psychopath? You're the problem.
.....We have to remember history or we are doomed to repeat it. All racism was through the democrat party. (Sshh not supposed Talk)....
What about national parks? ....
Uh....Opulence lost, TREASONOUS TRUMP
Somebody should invent something to help us remember. Maybe we could write it down on paper and bind it somehow. We could call it a "book".
You see beauty in monuments that were erected to terrotize and subjugate people. That is evil.
YOU ARE A KLAN/NAZI SUPPORTER - JUST A MEMBER OF A LOW-LIFE GANG!!! &THAT MAKES YOU A TRAITOR!!! YOU BELONG IN JAIL!!! LOCK HIM UP
Slaves built the White House will it be next? How about skyscrapers built in NYC by Native Americans?
@realDonaldTrump Yankee claim to be so rich why don't you buy up all those white supremacy statues and stick them...up your Trump Towers?
2015 Trump: Confederate flag belongs in museum 

2017: These flags & monuments are beautiful

You need to change your Cabinet and put in Trump Republicans not NYDemocrats and Globalists #FireMcMaster
The "beauty" to which you refer is only visible to some. Others see those symbols as  a very very ugly reminder of a painful history.
RESIGN!
@KickinBrass1 Welcome to 1984.....
Please don't let them!!!
such beauty!
Someone needs a lot more art lessons
I'm sure it was a stylistic choice /s
Where the hell have you been? Missing the hilarious insults.
I've been around, busy, but around.
They can easily be replaced.   Add some Obama monuments!  He deserves one!
Monuments help us remember our good & bad times, our victories as well as defeats. The unexamined life is not one of growth or overcoming. We should remember ALL that we have done so that we may become something greater. For those who forget history, are those doomed to repeat it
Can we take a second to recognize that @realDonaldTrump cares more about Confederate statues than over a million acres of national monuments? #BearsEars  #GrandStaircaseEscalante
Sir, if cities, towns, and parks are maintained with taxes, how can one group remove the statues ???
But you are okay with destroying Native American land...ok glad we could clear that up #standingrock
The beauty of a statue of a traitor that was only put up to keep a race under thumb?  You need history in your life, sir.  #BigDummy
If by "beauty" you mean "constant painful reminders of dehumanizing people" and by "missed" you mean the void left will allow healing...
National monuments currently under threat are Bears Ears,Cascade-Siskiyou,Grand Staircase-Escalante,Katahdin,Northeast Canyon and Sea Mounts
Let Alone meant to erase history! And new Lucifer statue put up Y Can any of us forget all the evil in our world these days! Unbelievable!TY
2. Nothing beautiful about statues of traitors and losers! Tearing them down! Priceless!!

where is your power to stop these anti-American shit stains???  USE IT!!
Replace them with statues of Lincoln, and Grant. You know, the guys that won. Throw in Sherman who liberated Georgia (by burning it down)
Well, couldn't we put up some new statues?
Beautiful only aesthetically.  Of course his white ass would think that he's incapable of empathy. Divide is growing.
Since his presser Tuesday, he seems liberated to be the real him. I think we'll see more and more of his deranged outbursts.
Scary.
Very sad! I hate to see people destroy the country they live!
Take their food stamps and section 8! Soros can fund their living
Yeah yeah the beauty of racism is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks .what about White House? ooh Muller is working on it
No? Put the newfound history lessons to test and commission statues honoring decendants of slaves and black historical figures.
What about the beauty of our National Parks? You feel that is ok to take away? Why is that?
Read a book, talk to a real expert, get an education. You are so ignorant it's incredible. Sad, bigly.
Yes , the snowflake Dems & Antifa , trying to erase history , by being the very things they say they will erase 
Strange that you don't feel the same way about our national parks. They will be greatly missed & never able to be comparably replaced!
Amen
WRONG
Sad Sad. Only hope the libtards not rushing to Mt'Rushmore !
The only way to "comparably replace" statues of racists and traitors is with more of them, and we're NOT doing that.
So, good riddance!
I don't recall you standing up for the plight of  #NativeAmericans  at #StandingRock  the way you did for #WhiteSupremacists racist history.
How about replacing the statues with real heroes?
Were you sleep tweeting again?    Today's history Lesson  - Scared White Men put up the damn statues to scare Black Americans ... They R H8
#TrumpResign
Wtf is the matter with you?! Is money THAT corrupting?! Jesus Donald, GET A GRIP.
,,, Start replacing them w/Statues of you , see what happens then, their attitude mite change as far as replacing what they destroyed ,,,
Is that why you are working to destroy America's land, parks and monuments. You're right we will miss them greatly after you destroy them
Right beautiful history. You are a sorry individual & have demeaned the ofc of http://president.You  need to resign now!  #Resign
You mean the statues of rapists, human traffickers and war criminals, yeah you would think those are beautiful #loser
Can you sign an executive order to stop the removal of our confederate statues??
Bigotry is NOT beauty!!

Structures that need immediate dismantling -
UN
Pentagon CIA
Democrats
Bureau of Land Management
Communist Circuit Court Judge's
Marxist 's
You have no interest in any of the stuff. You just want to stir up trouble. Resign now
You are not a good judge of beauty. Frankly, you're just not a good person.
What if we placed all the statues that seem to upset people on the Washington Mall? It would be an even greater monument to our US history!
the beauty? You lived in a gold lame apartment, destroy the park system, support fracking you don't know beauty. Bigot
Beauty is our national Parks that you want to sell to the highest bidder.
Fuck that
Funny you didn't car about preserving beauty when you were building trump tower
Oh but it can..with statues of Obama
What is it with you and old, white men? Diversify. It will do you good.
If it were up to you and your joke of a cabinet, USA wouldn't have any national parks. You are SAD. #jokeofapresident #someoneshouldfireyou
Let's replace and jail the perpetrators! Make it a federal offense and a felony to destroy war monuments and artifacts! This must stop
Leave the statues alone!Anyone who destroys them should be arrested for vandalism!Go to court do the process if you want a statue removed!
"Destroy the planet.  Leave the Confederate monuments."
Antifa hide their faces and democrats remove historical monuments in the cover of night, hmm...... I see a pattern. Cowards,liars,huckster!
The Stalin statue in Seattle should be removed also. The #MSM won't report on this. Sad.
Memorials to honor abolitionists and underground RR heroes should populate The South - not those on the wrong side of history.

More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
#resign #racist
My lord YOU ARE DESPICABLE! You have no right to call yourself american, let alone precedent
I know I'm taking it out of context, but this is the most intelligent thing you've tweeted since taking office. #ClimateHope #climatechange
Here’s A List Of All The Monuments Liberals Want To Tear Down So Far
And your position on national parks?!
We should erected statues in honor of the people who suffered during those atrocious times, not the people who inflicted the suffering.
....and won by the African Americans and supporters. All the way up to the 1960's. Again against the segregationists leftists/democrats.....
ALL of these (if not donated) were paid for by tax payer money (my money) and I want those destroying city, county, public property arrested
You are a dork Trump and that's all you will ever be
What about the 27 Natural National Monuments that Trump has instructed @Interior to "shrink" or remove? Executive Order 13792
@CNN You can always count on Democrares and CNN to play the race card.  Jesse Jackson always there to fan the flames. @GloriaProject1
Who will miss them?

The 'beauty' of memorials honoring traitor who killed thousands of Confed. soldiers to keep slavery is no loss.
That bigly beautiful racism? We have the greatest racism best slurs!
Freedom and liberty is being taken from our country since you slithered in to our WH. You're doing your best to destroy America. Sad #Resign
Yeah, BOZO the president, they destroyed the beauty of the city when this one came down.
