You don't wanna trust your own Cia or NSA. Only the fockin russian you trust.
lies
I wanna see proof! Lies. Fake news
"Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-approval-rebounds-to-45-surges-among-hispanics-union-homes-men/article/2630910 …...
Only in your imagination
Can you believe Trump is even bragging about a questionable 45%?!?! Well now he's the lowest again, at 35/37%

Yes, Trump's approval numbers are even worse than we thought https://bloom.bg/2gLs9dy  via @BV 
Surging to an all-time high of a failing grade is pretty dope progress imho
مرحبا
Some more from the WA Examiner: "A pair of new polls brought bad news for Trump and his party early Sunday morning"
It really needs to surge with Hispanics. By telling the truth that dems used them, and we are trying to help them. Truth needs to get out.
Mr.Presedent you don't need to raise social security just make it tax free
You only believe ratings when they favor you? But ridicule the same outlets that conduct the polls when they don't?
Hello sir
Fake poll.
Drain the Donald trump swamp
Sounds pretty fake, youre quite the shitty president
I cannot wait until you are gone. You are the ugliest..which I guess you view as a trophy. Bullying children. You are lower than low. #DACA
... it's all about you isn't it?
Yeah, RIGHT!
Why do you listen to the fake Rasmussen polls? You're more like 70% or more.
He is lying,  his only specialty!
you're not smart enough to check your sources. You're referring to an online poll that does not represent the demographics of this country.
Feeling a little slighted....no mention of us kit cats. I'd have to say probably more like 44% just sayin.
fake news... isn't that what Trump says?

#MAGA
#WINNING
Funny how the small minority of loutish left in the USA make the most noise & do not agree with Democracy, we have sheep like that in the UK
Crap paper, crap poll, crap president #TrumpLies #worstpresidentever #25the45th
Hi trump Iam Sudanese and I will visit state on november hope to meet yu. Itis my pleasure
That is a lie #45. One of many you compulsively tell. J
They only polled the immediate Trump family
???????????????????????????????????  why would trump have to rebound from a 60%   ????  that was trumpys  number 60%  !!!  what a liar
You're a clown.
It's higher than that. The numbers said you were going to lose, and you won. I said they were wrong then and I'm saying it again
Even if that was true I'm sure you just further alienated Hispanics by pardoning racist Arpaio. You're rewriting the how to be a loser book
,...reinforces how MASSIVELY UNPOPULAR he is (August 10, 2017; 19:51 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"(approval rating) REBOUNDS to 45%" (August 10, 2017; 19:51 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
If you think all Hispanic love you, you re so wrong!  I dislike you tremendously!
Funny how you jumped to that and judged me - not hypocritical at all...#snowflake
I'm not judging you at all, I respect everyone who has their own views.  I'm above the name calling though, snowflake?
#IStandWithTrump   Never believe the approval ratings, it's much higher 
The polls are about as fake as the news.
We are Hispanic and proud to have voted for Prez Trump! We will also vote for him in 2020!
False !!!!!!  Sad !!!!!!
fake news!
Wow
Where? Russia? Maybe you are still dreaming.
For someone who talks about fake news a lot, he sure uses a lot of fake information.  These numbers are.. what's the word.. uh, fake.
Keep up the good work trump Fuck the haters your a kickass president
uv
this would be fake news LOL  #ImpeachTrump
Trump is at 100 percent rating with his support base. We appreciate you and what you are doing. I pray for loyal people to surround you.
Yeah! That means they must be really a lot higher in reality, the accurate percentages that is.
This is not an honest reporting. Your approval rating is in the toilet where it should be.
Still fuck Trump
I don't know what ur talking.Last report I saw showed u down 2 35%. My family is large.I deal large amount of Mexican Americans.We hate u!
Truly fake news. Did you see how many ppl think you're an EMBARRASSMENT? #ResignNow
#FakeNews
Loved by Racists, Bigots, and Idiots! Sad so many in the USA.
This is fake news!!!!!!
more lies #DonaldTrump
Get their support, addresses and info. 
Then deport them!
Brilliant sir!
That's like saying the corpse rebounded to still being dead. Has any other prez yapped his mouth about his ratings like you? Pathetic.
You got to be kidding.
Gallup tells a different story.
Go ahead Donald. ..take a long walk. ..not like McAuthor..do not return. ..
p, you are wrong for everything this USA
This Fake Poll must have come from the #FakeNews binder that WH staff carefully procures daily from fringe outlets to soothe an ailing mind.

"Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-approval-rebounds-to-45-surges-among-hispanics-union-homes-men/article/2630910 …
Approval MUCH higher than poll shows! I don't know a single person supporting him that's not happy!
Tweet this Dear Leader. 
Why are you the most hated
President of all times?
Hahaha! Rebounds. To such a dismal number. And you retweet it? Sad.
Fake news....
Not this UNION HOMIE!
U are not learning from people who approve. People learn best from their mistakes. Since U don't make any mistakes, U are a slow learner.
We appreciate what you are doing. Stay strong I know democrats that have left the party because of your fiscal policy.
#FakeNews
If you really believe these numbers and that hispanic approval is increasing, your more insane then I thought!!
Interesting but worrying
I support you President Trump.
Fake news
Rebounds huh? From what? Historically low levels?
Thank you
The worldview of the party imposed itself most successfully on people incapable of understanding it.  #1984
Trump support is much greater then fake news will ever admit! Americans sick to death of the Trump assault! Rising up against the insanity!
Pathological liar!
The polls are wrong! Approval much higher than this. Great and growing strong! Love President Trump, VP Pence!
Congratulations.
Congratulations. You shot that to hell, didn't you?  And it wasn't even a majority (the same way you were elected, by the way).
Paid protester? Real deal. They are trying to destroy this country. Trump, stop this! Do something!
In your delusional mind.
we believe it's even higher than that figure,  around 55%. Keep on distorting reality, pollsters, to your ruin.
It is and always has been 100% approval by the ones that voted for POTUS Trump.
You wish!! You barely have approval for anything you say and do!!
.No such thing happened.  (whiney voice) "Fake news."  "Bad."
POTUS MAGA agenda needs house and senate support. Midterm election is the time to retire establishment anti-Trump republicans. Drain swamp!
Fake news
I just made a poll and you got 0%. You lied to get elected. I am down half my wealth as a result.
Yeah.. right. Talk about fake news!! Hippocrates!
And I am sure with the ladies as well, like me @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall #FakeNews
Now that is fake news lol
We love Trump! He ain't perfect but he's good!
"Golf Clap"
fact check please. Approval rating 35%  Could we have Hilary's and Obama's when president for how many months 7 ?
Now THERE'S some FAKE NEWS.
Every member of the @ElectoralCollge who rubber-stamped #Trump is responsible for this.
#AbolishTheElectoralCollege

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_presidential_electors,_2016 …
That's because he cares more for OUR country than those self serving individuals that oppose his actions, including Congress.
Was this your own private poll? You're going down Trump!!
TRUMP....LOVE&PEACE
Show me the facts
lol just no, donnie
Well Donald this is Aug.17th, and you'd have trouble getting a hamberger.
In what dimension?
Translation: most Americans DO NOT SUPPORT YOU! Get over yourself,  leave us now before you cause any more damage!
I notice you're not posting your new all time low 34 percent from quinnipac, rasmussen and real clear politics
That's still really low this early into a presidency.  Are you seriously celebrating this?
Good rebound what did it last for about 14 hrs yeah the winning continues 
AND YET YOUR NOW BELOW 30% SO MUCH WINNING--NOT! ANOTHER FIRST PROVING YOUR 1 OF THE LAMEST POTUS WE HAVE HAD.
This is from the 'alternative polls'!
Please drain the swamp! What's with the rehiring of IRS workers? Also MUST get rid of all leakers!! MAGA!
It is at least 75% approval. Fake polls
Fake news
This is fake news
Fake news
تا حالا کثیف ترین خانواده تو عمرم ندیدم زن از شوهرش کثیف تر کلا خانوادگی ترامپ نجسن
My family stands wth you as always. Thank you.
This is obviously fake news. 99% of us never like you to begin with
Imagine if I was so proud of myself for having a 45% approval rating at work.

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…
You do know thats still bad right???
You are soooo full of sh**
Meanwhile, in the REAL world, you're down to 34%. You suck and everybody knows it.
LIE because their ideas will bankrupt America... oh already has
is that the same pollster who had Clinton up by double digits? cant trust the polls or the alphabet fake news clubs, they LIE,
You need to hire some new staff b/c your current one is lying to you
You said it president Trump. People want good paying jobs. The American spirit survives. Make America great again.
President Trump, keep speaking the truth.  You did nothing wrong during your recent statements.  Stay the fight, blessed to be American!
In your dreams. Real polls show you drop.  In TV land, you would be cancelled.   In Apprentice, "Your're fired."  Getting weaker...
Actually, it's at 34%  #RealityCheck
Spanish speaking union homies love the Don!!!!
Hey Donny.  Lay off the blow bro, nobody believes this TwatWaffle Tweet. Nobody !
Mr President not all of us are sheep and fools  we know what your talking about and won't twist your statements like the PC medis
shit too if it did! FAKE NEWS! 

Fake news
You medication needs adjusting you have no grip on reality
super fake news
@realDonaldTrump I'm sure you confused 45% with your POTUS number....!
Hahahaha...utter fake bollocks
Lol. #fakenews
Don't back down, you are doing a great job!
Wrong
'We asked small fringe groups of people until we had a result we liked and the best we could do was 45%...' 
Fake news
I'm a huge supporter but you are being stupid . Please stop it
Bs
Lie  35% and falling
B S


https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …
