- you are a terrible fascist. Quit trying to buddy up to Bernie Fans. We are smart.
--it unbelievable that hatred exclusion, propaganda r hallmarks of this presidency
Why are you even paying attention to this?
@mac_vick11 President Trump, can we give up daylight savings time please
I wished Bernie would have won
And the majority of Americans wanted Clinton.
U need to stop  Ur trying to manipulate Dems to ur side. But guess what, Dems aren't ignorant like ur voters #ImpeachTrump
The only system "rigged" is that you're #45.
BERNIE IS NOT A DEMOCRAT!
Yet another shameful, immature Tweet from a man who is supposed to be President. WHAT A JOKE!  #DonaldTrump
you should have asked your russian friends to help out since they are so good at it#BannonsPuppet
Yeah it could have been rigged, or the Russians could have something to do with it
We love you Mr President.
Were not that stupid.
.@realDonaldTrump Let's hear your sources. You are all about the press having to name sources. WHERE ARE YOUR SOURCES?
Donald can you take some on line college courses real quick; because you are clueless. Most embarrassing president ever!
why do you care?  Your election was rigged by Russia, Sessions, Flynn, likely others.  GOP has rigged your removal
Looks like everything is RIGGED or FAKE. The only truth is how BIG your victory was and how many people attended. Bullshit!
I heard Obama was backing Perez. Party politics is rigged. Just like the economy. Those who have, get.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
don't you have better things to do or do they keep you crated all day # Puppet for the Egomaniacs
the only thing rigged was u winning. U & Comey & Putin. U & Comey r traitors 2 this country #dictatortrump #only1WH
none of your business do your job
what business is it of yours about anything that the Dnc does. Who died and made you God? You don't have a brain
just like your election was rigged
You know what you figure everything is rigged because that is what you do to get things your way, such as election w/putin.
@naturalbabies3 Perez was also Obama's boy!! Underhandedness at its finest!!
Dox or it didn't happen.  PROVE IT
wait.... didn't you congratulate him?
such nonsense!
you have mental health issues.
Seem pretty fixated on elections being rigged. Is there something you want to tell us about the Presidential election?
You "allegedly" rigged the Presidential race by colluding with a foreign power's cyber attack upon the United States.
were you given this info from the same source that told you about Obama's birth certificate? #liar #hypocrite #joke #GrowUp
thought you were happy you buffoon! You're going down!!! #ImpeachTrump
When do you think your lies will stop ????
why are you still so worried about Hillary? Don't worry she can't take your job. Mike Pence can. #ImpeachTrump
I'm so tired of hearing about Russia hacks
who you
oh you mean like how you said the election was rigged but since you are now president you don't care?

NOBODY believes you give an F about Bernie. Sandernistas are anti-racism, all you're about is racism and your own bank acct
give up the "fake" talk. Your being elected was FAKE!
your weren't legitimately elected, it was rigged by Russia
i hears oprah wants to run for president next time, she would win, she is rich and thats all , people like that bulls---
give it up #resist #ImpeachTrump @HillaryClinton #ShePersisted #trumpisnuts
lock her up!
What the fuck are you talking about? Do you just tweet when you're bored? I do that too, but I don't run the US. scary.
Wow! @HillaryClinton must really be your queen...she has so much power on your eyes!!#tRumpRussia
We should not be surprised.....Psychology 101: Past behavior is an indicator of future behavior...Same ol same!
is the boy who never learned being a sore winner is bad form. What can we expect from an emotionally stunted 70 year old?
The Demos are so full of hate and deceit it's sad.
I like Bernie, but Bernie Sanders was an Independent. Still is an Independent; Not a Democrat.
Bernie, "King of the Disillusioned."
why u keep talking about Bernie like u respect him? He thinks you're a lying, dangerous, tyrannical fraud. #DOTUS
The election is over, get over it TRUMP
Russian New Trade Deal ! Soros4Snowden! Ha.!
Rigged like the Russian influenced Prez election?
Still banging on? You loved Bernie, right? Loser.
#smallmindsmallhands
@dacraleigh
what's about her?
wait.. why are we still talking about Hillary Clinton?
didn't you say the presidential election was rigged? Just curious about the reality you live in.
actually very true
I don't you are eell Sir.  YOU are talking about RIGGED? Really??
Why must you put people down so often?
If you don't want people to troll you, you need to stop trolling others.  Especially with Fake Claims. Rigger-in-Chief
yawn
I tend to agree with you on this.
What is up letting a convicted terrorist lead women march, she shouldnt even be in this country. Get rid of her.
please stop tweeting
first u congratulate him then u talk crap cause he doesn't like u! Hahaha cry baby conald
not true
Jesus, does this guy have a nut for Hillary or what?  His people have to sneak a Psychiatrist into the WH
I <3 Bernie, but it wasn't rigged. Why is the only thing not rigged YOUR presidency? #PuppetInChief
isn't POTUS becoming too petty. wow.
Interesting. I guess the evidence is tucked away with the evidence that 3 million people voted illegally for HRC. Pathetic!
None of the DNC choices were good! Ellison is hard core Muslim brotherhood! @POTUS ~ Dem party is going down!!
You say the race was "rigged" but so are your facts.
@TerreBehlog
need voter I'd and you have to be a legal citizen pass a bill Mr trump
When is the "Whore of Babylon" going to Prison? Not Fed Pen either State prison where pedofiles are adored I'm Sick of her.
what are you doing about the terrorist tracks against Jewish cemeteries and gathering places?
GROW UP! You worried? Hillary still under you skin because she speaks with intelligence and competence?
why are still so OBSESSED with Clinton! LetitGO!
election is over little Donald, you can't hide behind her anymore
Every Dem candidate was worlds above your abilities. Sad. #factsmatter #alternativefacts #resist #notmypresident
talk about the pot calling the kettle Black
Maybe you should do your job instead of worrying about the political party you are not a part of.  Unless you are scared?
Not everything is rigged. Why don't u MYOB and get on with running the freaking country. you know... making it great again
Because you know all this, because you were there! SUPER AMAZING! not.
omfg 
says the man who won the election because of Russian interference. at it again hypocrite in chief.
65,853,516
What do you care about Bernie? Why do you keep repeating the statement on Bernie? Bernie is for the people. You aren't.
what is it to you? #youaresad
Blaming others and situations, all the time. Really? Some introspective would be a welcome change.
You talking about your campaign and how you stole the election. He who says it's "rigged" us also guilty of it too.
Your doing a fantastically horrible job. The fake news is Breitbart and Fox. Your on your way to dictatorship.
the whole world is riggid! we're truly ruled by lizard monsters!!sad.
#Trumprussia #russiagate #youaregoingdown
did the Russians tell you that?
can you just shut up for 10 minutes????
@POTUS why do you possibly care? run the country, please, until we come to take you away for high crimes and misdemeanors.
people demanded your tax return, let's see it Donald
worry about your golf game. You don't have time for this
great speech and very good job. You hit it out of the park with a grand slam home run.
CONDEMN CLINTON
I bet you were obnoxious in middle school.
so you put quotes around "rigged", it's almost like you're admiring you're a liar.
Are we to believe that anything EVERYONE other than you does is rigged?  What paranoia!!! Live in reality why dontcha?
When Senators return to report how town halls went, your little buddy MARCO RUBIO was too CHICKEN to have one!
proof please
That is good news for us as they continue to head farther left even. More taxpayer hating upper level dems like usual.MAGA.
TOTAL LIES FROM TRUMP
your life is a huge conspiracy, filled w/ alternative facts with no one telling u no.  You r a bully who needs 2 b stopped
So, it wasn't actually rigged, then... For the love of God, learn to use quotes correctly! You're undercutting your snark.
Tom Perez is the son of Rafael Trujillo mercenary.
Breads & Circuses. Just stop. We see right through you.
Your attempted to disrupt Democratic unity is obvious, but it's having the opposite effect, dummy. #StuffTrumpIsAfraidOf
You mean like the Presidency Race was demanded by Putin?  American never had a chance.
how do you not know "Bernie s guy" by name?
None of your f ing business! Please mind ur own.
I heard there were 3 million members of the RNC who illegally voted in the DNC election.
Nonesense!
rigged Nina Turner need to leave the party she is not a left..too smart.. Perez is a lackey...
if you know it's rigged, Donnie, how about telling us about how Russia rigged yours--afterall, your loose mouth should tell
Your so wrong Donald! Bernie supporters are united against you and your anti American agenda! Your nothing but a conman!
Why do you complain abut everything?  You act like a three year old!
Yesterday you congratulated Perez, today conspiracy? Can we assume you are schizophrenic, as Obama would say, YES WE CAN!
Stop tweeting.
are you .... never mind... you're a joke
...and everyone listens to Clinton? That's why she's president? Wait? Whaaat?
Perez is a good man.
Watch out Donald!
Stop it with the explanation points man!!
I voted for you cause you said you were ganna put Hillary in Prison! You lied to us!
about to file my taxes. What about you POTUS?
hmm ... I wonder .. how much money was spent to lobby for that hombre, Perez?
- They want him to turn over his emails so they can get more "grassroots".  When will he learn they're NOT his friends?
so when do we get our justice . When are you going to lock her up ?
@CNNPolitics @HillaryClinton @maddow Can you just leave Hillary alone!  Paranoid are we?
proof?
Everything is rigged in your eyes, wake up and realize that you're only about conspiracy and lies, real freedom never dies!
oh hell no. the hicks voted for your spray tanned ass. if the youth could vote you'd be far off the ballot.
