Let’s recap what GOP is doing? This bill, if passed today, blocks the public’s right to class action law suits
This GOP bill, if passed, strips the public’s right to class action law suits.  https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/922605762236571649 …
And you promised the tax bill won’t affect 401ks, but it looks like it might still be on the table
You still haven’t imposed Russian sanctions, in spite of proof Russia attacked the US election. Senate hearing:
Russian bots are still pushing proven nonsense about Hillary being paid to approve the Russian deal. Proof:
Mercer paid $30M to have you elected. Owes $6.8B taxes. He also paid $1.7M to have Clinton Cash written.
Senate Republicans Are Trying to Give the 1 Percent a $1.9 Trillion Tax Break. 
Are you really this fucking dumb?
The short and long answer is, yes.
That's not what she says.
Lol ok
Shameful bot!
Why don't I believe you?  #Resign President Petty Paws. #Resign before midnight tonight so you don't forget!
Oh yeah so the widow must be the one lying right?  You are disgusting
Why don't you just drop it already? Continuing to tweet about this it's doing no good whatsoever
I'm willing to bet the American people are going to trust the family of the dead soldier over you
What you thought was respectful doesn't necessarily mean anyone else thinks it was respectful
And what the heck is up with this????
How about more governing, less attacking the families of slain soldier?
Did he really just call this gold star widow a liar?!
“I’m sorry that I made Mrs. Johnson, a gold star widow, feel terrible. Calling the families of the fallen is always a somber duty, and I truly regret that my words made a bad situation worse. I pledge to do better and offer my sincerest apologies.” 

See, it’s not that hard.
It’s hard to do that when you lack empathy and never had to give a shit about anyone but yourself.
When liberals call the Niger attack “Trumps Benghazi” all they’re doing is finally acknowledging Benghazi was a failure of epic proportions.
You know you’ve no argument when your response is bashing Hillary who’s not the potus
No u didn't.
You have other people who where on the call that says different
Give it up man! You lose!
How dare you tell Mrs. Johnson what she is and isn't allowed to find disrespectful. The arrogance. Also, I don't believe you.

YourHeart was in the right place @realDonaldTrump. KeepBeing You. People who have a problem with it are just miserable people to begin with.
YOU ARE A LIAR ON STEROIDS-YOU WILL DO ANYTHING AND SAY ANYTHING TO TRY TO DISTRACT PEOPLE FOR YOUR LIEING ADVANTAGE AND DISHONESTY!!!!!!!!
You don’t say ...
Good for you, sir!
We know, President Trump. Fake News and Democrat liars have been totally discredited. Let Rep Frederica Wilson be the spokesclown for the Democrat Party. She is disgusting, just look at it.
Suck it up liberals. You all LOST AMERICA has its best president in decades
Can't let it go, can you? You love to kick the families of dead vets when they are down.
Boohoo
Oh my God. So you're calling Myeshia Johnson a liar?? How low will you sink? This is beyond even you. You're an indecent, disgusting person.
Why did he die in the first place? He was left behind alive. Why private contractors and not a proper rescue team? His death is on you.
Pathetic. #ImpeachTrump
So true!!
#ImpeachTrump 
#TrumpRussia 
#LiarInChief 
#25thAmemdmentNow 
#predatorinchief
#DeportMelania
#StillWithHer
His tactics are to keep everyone angry at something ..anything ..on a daily basis to keep everyone’s attention away from the big questions
What Bob Corker and Jeff Flake said and what you called both Ted Cruz and Mrs. Clinton... #TrumpDayCareActivities #trumpnottrustworthy
Our POTUS does not need to defend himself. The disrespect that the wife is now showing for her fallen husband is ignorant. Shameful on her!!

I know you did and I'm so done listening to all the horrible and fake news. May he Rest In Peace. God Bless America and all our vets! 
Scam artist
Her a liar only makes you look like a cruel and heartless person. Please do the right thing.
...and once again thank her husband and his family for his sacrifice."
#liar
Stop it, No.
And spoke gst
Why do you need to think of new good things to say about yourself every 10 hours? Is that how fast your brain works?
You don't deserve the benefit of the doubt.
L I A R

R E S I G N !!!!
NO. YOU DIDN’T.
This isn’t about YOU.
It doesn’t matter what you THINK or FELT.
That you are even commenting like this reflects ur sickness.
Let it go. Let him RIP.
Myeshia Johnson disagrees.
I’d like to have a respectful conversation with @FredrickaWilson, problem is NOTHING to respect about her.
Just stop!
Lmao!!! I see you’re watching @CNN. Wait...are you calling Myeshia Johnson a liar? Let it go bruh
You have lost my vote for reelection. I'll be honest you lost me within weeks of being president and this is my fault for voting for you.
It is big of you to say this publicly.  Ignore any haters.
I'm not worried about the haters. They have their right to disagree I will address them but I don't need to be bothered by them. Thank you.
Why did you vote for him in the first place? Was is the bigotry, racism, sexism, lying, illiterateness? Just curious...
At this point why does it matter? There was clearly a better choice in 2016, but it was also clear that neither choice was good.
I hope a cure is found for the desiese that makes people self righteous and unforgiving, otherwise Trump will destroy the dems again in 2020
Is that your attempt at comedy? You think thats how trump won?
If a kkk member comes out and says im againat trump now because he distespected so and so...you gonna welcome them with open arms?
Is respect objective? If she does not believe it was respectful, is there a chance that's true? #trump #usa #maga #fakenews #hypocrisy #politics #news #respect #army
Joke, right?  "Without hesitation"?!?!?!

We Arabs are always under zero
Why do you insist on calling Sgt Johnson's wife a #liar when anybody w/pulse knows you literally tell a new lie EVERY freakin' day? #Unfit
"A poor widow came and put in two very small copper coins, worth only a few cents. Calling his disciples, He said, 'This poor widow has put more into the treasury than all the others. They all gave out of their wealth; but she, out of her poverty, put in everything." Mark 12:41
so a widow expresses her anguish about you not even remembering her husbands name and you go on twitter and call her a liar? Why would the widow of a great soldier lie? She had no reason. You on the other hand....
I believe you.
You’re a liar.
LIAR

Stop playing into them! We know that you love our military and would never say anything offensive.
He’s a fantastic liar who cheated to get out of his military service. It’s all fantastic lies!
#ImpeachtRump
I like him! Sorry!
Kelly said that the president was trying to express, "that [the deceased soldier’s] a brave man, a fallen... trying to express...
There is a big difference between what Kelly says trump was trying to express and what @realDonaldTrump actually said.
It burns me up 2 listen to Kelly trying to explain trumps intent, it is NOT what Trump said. Kelly's not actually quoting 45, so misleading.
Apparently you didn’t.
Bullshit.
Good thing you had his “report” to even know his name!! You don’t respect the military...you only use it to fire up your Trumpsters!!
Of course you did Donnie....now go back in the corner and play with your blocks like the petulant child that you are.
So, you're calling her a liar. During his service. Nice. #AlertTheDaycareStaff
Slandering/Tweet Bullying a WAR VETERAN'S WIDOW whom YOU disrespected whom YOU then accused of lying about YOUR abuse is REPREHENSIBLE.
#امريكا-تقتل-اطفال-اليمن

You know a simple "I'm sorry" will do.  But I guess you can't say that...especially to a woman. And def.not a black woman #POSPOTUS
Actually donny, no you didn't. #StopLying
It is sad when the President stoops to calling the widow of a shouldier who died in defense of our country a liar. I believe her.
He should have apologized for the misunderstanding and let it go.
I wish everyone dumb enough to go fund her would ask for a refund
Nope, don’t believe you.  I believe her.  This is what happens when you lie about EVERYTHING.
Lies abound!
You lie!
just say you never intended to upset her, that her husband is a hero and apologize for any misunderstanding. #endthemess
Empathy is a word you need to learn the TRUE meaning of. It's not about you Sir! It's about putting yourself in someone else's shoes.
LIAR! WHO KNEW ORANGES LIED? I bet you're faking, having vitamin C.
3. EXTREMELY HURT as well!!  You really are a MORON who has NO HUMAN HEART!  Go back to NY!  Get out of our WH!!!!  #CROOK #CRIMINAL #PRISON
Quit having ppl LIKE your TWEETS! Disgusting just like U.  Here ya go! Have some fried chicken!Follow the Chicken right out the WH DOOR!
you are an embarrassment to your office
You still don't get it you are saying it will never make it true it does just the opposite.
Liar
@POTUS,@realDonaldTrump,@VP : Please consider, that the blessing of a king / president / countriy can depend on the treatment of widows! For instance: Math 23, 14a:"woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for pretence make long prayer;"
Are you actually bragging about remembering his name? We are aware of your dementia, but you have to be desperate 4 attention to say that
We believe you, Mr. President! All planned..their GoFundMe page is over $721K allegedly for scholarships for the children..@realDonaldTrump
What happened in reality doesn’t match your false sense of reality
You such a liar
Cool
1 word, Empathy.  Instead you took that convo and slapped yourself on the back for being a great guy, and disparaging Obama - oh and lying
YOU HAVE NO DIGNITY
Glad to hear this
You are a narcissist!
Needless sacrifice can be stopped by winning war on terror; FAKE LEADERS need simply HELP ME tell @SpeakerRyan INRI FAIR RETRIAL NOW.
Liar.
We know.  It isn't in your character to disrespect the widow of a fallen soldier.  You love the troops and they love you.
Hmmm who to believe...a proven pathological liar or a widow and her family/friends....tough choice that one
#ThatsABanana #Hugely
Banana
 "It doesn’t take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to b one of those men who goes into battle." Gen Norman Schwarzkopf Jr.
Mr President-U were set up fm the beginning! Don't stop calling fam's! Tell this GSWidow U feel bad that U'r words of sympathy caused pain.
Why you not actually do anything instead of just pretending other people lying about you? #dosomething #doanything #tiredofwinning
Lol
Instead of MAGA you have successfully delivered MARA... Making America Racist Again. @realDonaldTrump. Please change course. #truepatriots
#LIAR
Mr. President, the fake news is getting more fake all the time.
Shame on you It would be great if you were to show respect for all who serve, including people who dare to have a different viewpoint to you
LIAR.  !!!
And if you think these random people come up on here saying this or that LET ME see a farmer from mid west TELLING US you helped him WHO?
Is he seriously trying to start a Twitter feud with the Widow? Nobody believes you. Even Kelly proved you were a liar.
Quit being childish.Her husband just died.U should have just apologised for whatever you said, and then just said you R"sorry for her loss"
She didn’t see it that way.  So insult her.  Way to #MAGA!!  Belittle veterans. More #MAGA!!  Your hair ends are splitting with rage. #MAGA!
My God touch your evil ways,and bless your heart.
Wrong!
Perhaps next time you should just take this tack? Combine your two favourite things, golf and being disrespectful.
I dont believe the shit that comes out your mouth 
You have gone so low attacking a war widow! You want o be the lowest of the low. How much lower will you go?
Can you ever admit you were wrong? is it that hard for a billionaire President to say sorry?
Grow balls and call the widow a liar then. Provide the proof of this call.
yess
you're a joke.. just resign already.. WE The People deserve a real leader.. not the  clueless bigot that is you.. #maga by resigning!!
Why you always lying

Hey Trump, I know you’re pretending to be a Christian lately. So here’s a bible verse for you.
So funny how we all knew you didn't write this based on, A. "without hesitation" and B the use of commas. "Respectful"????
Get over yourself, you narcissist!
I repeat this is #FakeNews
So you're saying the widow is a liar? Well given your track record, I know whose word to take over whose.
Respectful my ass.  You're disrespecting both of them with this tweet! Dirtbag.
Love how a billionaire who gained support by claiming to fight "the elites" is using his Ivy League education as a defense.
What d<es that even mean you spoke his name without hesitation?  Do you normally have a problem speaking names or is it only when the name belongs to a black hero that you have a problem.  You dodged the draft with your fake "foot thing"  this man gave his life for this country.

You prove your guilt by responding like a child
Imagine if the media and it’s sycophants just stopped attacking you for one second. Maybe we could let some survive but they all must go!
Are you calling a widow a liar?  She has a different story.
Too bad no body is backing up your covfefe version of events! #presidentisawhitesupremacist
Liar.
？？？
Congratulations. Keep that bar low, bro.
@POTUS you are a PROVEN, CERTIFIED, VERIFIED, #NARCISSIST #SOCIOPATH #DOTARD #PATHOLOGICALLIAR. BE QUIET. DAMN. HAVE. SOME. RESPECT.
Fuck the haters Trump!!! US needed somebody to shake it up a bit. Majority of people whinge no matter who wins. Normally the jobless 
What an accomplishment!
You're such a big boy, wearing big-boy pants, actually saying his name. I'm so proud of my little chubby donny T. You can read now!
Yeah you did that because of all of the controversy about his death that's all that was you had no choice but to try and fix it

#Liar #StopSayingHisNameNow
Sow us the ‘proof’ you claim to have.
Lying as usual. But your idiotic base won't  care. SAD!
Maybe in Trumpworld but reality and a few witnesses say differently. You are disgraceful devoid of any compassion, sympathy or heartache. ■
@GenJohnFKelly
Good. Someone Wrote It All Down For you ... Reading, Easier On That Empty Mind
Guy cannot even remember his wife right next to him.
Apologize!
Picky. Picky. You lie of course. Cant wait til you are gone. There are more important things to work on. Like getting the RNC money back from Wynn and firing Pruitt
When will you start getting it together man your list of to do’s is like a huge buffet of unknowns pick 1 topic & finish it can’t multi task
You STILL haven't enacted the Russian Sanctions for meddling in our elections! No mystery there since Flynn called to promise you wouldn't.
I've stopped asking how you can put a gold star widow through this drama. My question is how can anyone continue to justify their...
... support of you when you act so reprehensibly.
He must be the most insecure person on earth. He cannot take criticism at all and he is not self aware at all. What a miserable life to live
yes you have a GREAT memory...you only said "I cant remember on a deposition about 35 times.....LYING DONNIE! LIDDLE HANDS DONNIE!
Liar

I'm going to start calling you THE DIVIDER IN CHIEF.
NO YOU DID NOT AND WE'VE ALL HEARD IT.
@potus
Liar
You did nothing wrong. She is a sad person who hooked up with a wacky congresswoman
What's the need to add that you spoke his name without hesitation, you already said you're respectful and are mourning him.
Defies purpose
