Donny! Realize that she got it from her mom. Class is not in your gene pool
must be adopted
Opps!  Wrong Trump.....his daughter, classy women just wierd pictures with her daddy!
Looks like you owe @CNN a HUGE #apology #THINK #SUPPORTCNN
Poor @IvankaMajic is probably looking at her Twitter account right now going WTF???
And you'd date her if you could.  Got it.
Donald Trump did an amazing job raising His Children .. you should be proud President Trump
Please support my GoFundMe campaign: https://www.gofundme.com/38ggyrc?pc=tw_co_shareflow_a … @gofundme

OR share it!
The fact that you included a Twitter handle that you thought was your daughters shows a lack of attention to detail.
Unlike her father! Go away Cheeto
: ha ha ha
Almost like Michelle Obama.
She definitely is
Who the family dog? Oh wait you don't have one!!
Please settle down Donny, this is why we are afraid that you will accidentally kill us with Twitter.
I can't believe he did that lol
Apparently it's a misunderstanding. But still too damn funny 
What's the misunderstandig?
Apparently it's a RT from someone that he copied, Ivanka is a coincidence hahaha
Omg  but yeah still he isn't safe for us, his "errors" could be serious
lol. He really needs to figure out how to be a professional...
Not possible
Thank G-d DT made this mistake and didn't cause an incident with a mis-tweet. Sorry 4 other Ivanka. DT reconsider twitter.
And according to earlier interviews, you think she's pretty hot too. #ewww
Ivanka Trump seems very put together.
Hoping she can do damage control when daddy dearest gets crazy.
all you SNOWFLAKES on trumps page, giving him over 20 million followers, and poor Hillary has 12. Lol
Much better after all the plastic surgery u made her have?
Plastic surgery one thing. Whats far more troubling is pic's like this. Gives you a better idea of why she's her fathers favorite daughter.
This guy is seriously twisted!
good luck Mr. President
yes she is
well said cnn .. maybe this is a beginning for u
Ha, so true. Can't wait for you to take office! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
but he still feels like he's done service since he went to a "military-inspired" boarding school 
you know the best way to make something true? Post it on twitter.
something that her father lacks.!.!.
HillaryClinton Dear Mr.President
I had the same  dream, 3 times in a row : you will never be the President of USA
please  save  our Tamil people's 
Stopping it PETA

People, he didn't tag her, he's quote RT'n smh.
Unlike you
You should watch her conduct a proper interview and maybe you'll learn something
go back to ruining uberfacts with your clickbait


3 Doors Down there is a room with prostitutes and no toilet. Go, go, go!
who is threedoordown? #donaldisgoingdown! #byedonald!
who is this random stranger you've retweeted?
That poor lady. This is comedy gold.
And you're a man with great responsibilities. May I suggest more care on  Twitter and more time learning about #climatechange.
@rie_rie76 Very well said and with such class.
.@realDonaldTrump Absolutely! And Eric and Donny and Tiff and Barron, too. But you're embarrassing yourself with this spree, dear.
what's that? A 7 follower owl tells Bess what's what? she is a hoot, you are not, fly off and make us a pellet
And how about that body?! I know her body is great because you, her father, have been talking about it for years!
Here are some of the great things Donald said about Ivanka. What a cool, normal family.
What a caring and incestuous father.
Aww. Settle down before you get triggered.
lol. Surprised you know how to spell it. Dumbass
I think someone is struggling with who they voted for...
more fake news from an ass clown that cannot even tell who tweeted what. lmao
Dear @ivanka, I want to apologize for your mentions, & for our idiot Pres. who wants to run the US, but cant handle Twitter

I found this too! What the actual fuck is going on? Is he really that stupid? 
Nah.
Hold on, is it Dr Goodspine or Dr Good Spin? As @drgoodspine is fake, same as your presidency. P.S. I agree Ivanka Majic is a great woman with character and class, the opposite of the #TrumpCrimeFamily.
.@realDonaldTrump @drgoodspine @ivanka and if she wasn't your daughter, you'd pee on her?
< like the big birther who says Ted Cruz's dad killed JFK @drgoodspine @ivanka
why do all these dyed in the woold trump supporters like Missy cover their face?
Because it was liberals at Trump rallies punching people and spitting on them?
How many?
Oh, sweetie! This is your best tweet to date! @drgoodspine's account has been suspended & you tagged a complete stranger instead of your daughter.

I can taste your desperation. 

It tastes delicious!
No F-ING experience! Yep great hire!
@calywalyalvin
l loved your wife's beautiful outfit and gown.  She is gorgeous.
and Melania is stunning as well. Allways Nice to see some glamour in the White house again.
.@realDonaldTrump Whoops. Hope that you are better with the nuclear codes.
Your X-WIFE'S did an amazing job raising the children, you were to busy sleeping around so sad
"Real character and class." Haha! Hey, I didn' know you were also a comedian. Funny!
the #manfromdementia has spoken !
But is she good in bed?
Ivanka is a just a Trumpling who married her daddy's clone.
We told that so called dress designer off. Our First lady will be beautiful no matter what she wore.
like any other housewife around the world...
@ivankaTrump classier still if her dad knew her & he wasn't such #twitidiot about to become #nuisanceinchief. @ivanka
yeah but she is an immigrant..so when are going to deport her? Soon I hope..don't want her taking jobs
Don't think so. The daughter that thinks its ok for you to degrade women her as well.
where'd u get that quote dude?
Dr goodspine must be impressive, this is really dumb,  you have my pity,  nor support
U R pathetic Resign before Fri #Putinspuppet #showyourtaxes #trumptyranny #TrumpInaugural #notmypresident
Your kids are top notch! This tells a lot about your character and leadership skills.
trump is trash!
Right, and probably one you'd "grab by the p***y," based on your sick earlier comments re: her.

please ban the democratic party as they are too stupid to live
. She's a liberal
Who cares who you tweet? .. when you're a celebrity...
You mean a woman with real ass? You ready to date her yet? Is sex still common thing between u 2?
slut...
that isn't your wife lol
You both have no class! Not sure if you know what class is. 
Let me help you out. " Barack Obama and  Michelle Obama"
That's class!
Crazy but I am reading this right... "Trump is great, a WOMAN with real character and class!" What an insult to women! Oops
you are a real creep.  Get help!!!
yes, she is. Act more like your daughter.
Ignore the whining snowflakes, they will either come to their senses soon or melt away. #MAGA #USA45
dude...That's not Melania's account. That's...not...your...wife...
like you
a day later and you still have poor Ivanka from Brighton getting spammed by you? I hope she gets you banned for harassment
When you are in Moscow, she is, but not for you #pee

you can't even get the right link for your daughter LOL...it's another ivanka completely...
Who is Dr Goodspine?
LOL, if there's one thing the Trump's don't have is class.
They are pouring in to protest. You are the most unpopular president ever, a complete disaster...sad
Ivanka is a happy woman were ever she is.
.@realDonaldTrump @drgoodspine @ivanka hahahaha wrong Ivanka! :)
your daughter has class/grace etc. U do not. Learn from her.
how much do you have to pay your wife to climb on to that flaccid nub of a penis for you?
AND BUSINESS OUTSIDE THE USA...
Yes! Trump is the best! God bless you!
@ivanr, President
you have a very awesome family..Like my parents you instilled good things in them..We are all proud

I find it interesting. They overturn a travel ban but they never stopped Obama care.
yes # MICHELLE OBAMA ,CLASS LEAVING THE WHITEHOUSE
She's your daughter, probably doesn't fall far from the tree.
Wrong Ivanka, Donald
She's beautiful! A real inspiration for women everywhere! Adore her!!!
Too bad her daddy's not
Hey, your GoodSpine doesn't exist and you're bothering someone not related to you.
blank account @drgoodspine is quoted as saying something? Fake news, Don?
Yes she and so was my sisters that brought John Glen home and it took at 97 to tell her story.
Hahaha!
Ok, you're going to be President in a few days time. As the British say, please don't bugger it up
is that why you wanna bang her?
555+
@IvankaTrump If your daughter has character & class who's her real father?  Surely NOT you!
I think you got the wrong Ivanka
But where is the 1st lady?
#What about your wife
يحفرون قبره وهو على قيد الحياة ثم يعدموه هكذا تعامل جيش العراق اهل الموصل!!
 https://twitter.com/Muham08Iraq/status/823676986568704004/video/1 …
well it must have skipped a generation, the class i mean, cuz u r a character for sure
and like you said if she wasn't your daughter you'd date her..#sick #sad
did you make up an account just to tweet this?
Not to mention beautiful and a good mother. We love her, she will bring class back to the white house.

Way to work with the open source community Ivanka, although dumb, dumb Don has no idea what it is.
Well if that is true she didn't get it from YOU
HA HAHA HA HAHAHA HA u n idyit
has this guy ever tweeted before? Did u make up a fake account, you bad boy!
hahahaaaa
che figura di merda
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Sorry, bullshit makes me laugh. #TWITLER
You can read a wee bit.  I'm amazed.
tweeting the wrong person is easy to avoid.  DO YOUR RESEARCH.
that's a laugh
like when you grabbed her by the...?
.@realDonaldTrump @drgoodspine @ivanka Do you still want to bang her, you sleazy pisspot?
why do you need to validate you and your familys "likeability" so much? Are you maybe hiding something
don't you mean a great ass.
who's Ivanka Majiic?????
yes I love @ivanka from Brighton!
Do you realize you tagged the wrong @ivanka? The one you tagged does not like you!
lol
he tagged the wrong Ivanka.
She looks like a robot, no expression and very measured way of talking. What's wrong with her?
one thing you should get straight You are NOT GREAT.....are you communist or what?
when you say someone has class, it means you don't.
Your whole family is a class act! #MAGA
how Trump will run the country after I tweet to the wrong Ivanka in England scery.
El "gran" presidente de E.E.U.U. 
.@realDonaldTrump @ivanka @ivankatrump DT is #NotMyPresident, maybe he could start to earn our respect by #NotTweeting & running the nation
over 1/2 the nation did not vote 4him & his tweets are akin 2 an emotional adolescent
You should block him @ivanka 
#trumpster something else 4  u,just in case Austria & Australia r different, so r Sweden & Switzerland
Dr. GoodSpine??
who wrote this for you, it has a sentence - @realDonaldTrump @drgoodspine @ivanka
