- How 'bout you tell the House & Senate about how people with pre-existing conditions are going to live without healthcare?
about how young people without jobs are going to prevent getting pregnant without access to birth control.
Tell the House & Senate about how single mothers are going to clothe their children because they have to pay for healthcare
about how Seniors are going to survive when you cut their social security that they paid into their entire lives.
only in #ObamasAmerica
and now holder is representing Mexifornia to be a sanctuary state and drain on everyone else
This place has turned into a sewer since all the #Liberal & Illegal #Immigrants have moved in #CANative
It would have been good 4 u 2 read up on civics, get US Constitution for Dummies Cliffnotes edition read to u b4 making fool of self AGAIN!
Dummies version to complicated. Needs pop-up picture book
@GGNJ2000 Indeed! Why did someone leak to NBC the top Intel info? Something is smelling disgustingly fishy here.
Drain the swamp #DTS
You have Federal Workers hacking other Dept, you need to get rid of the Obama plants #MuslimBrotherhood #CARE
EXACTLY MR @POTUS ESTABLISHMENT HAS A FIGHT WITH 65 million TRUMP SUPPORTERS @SpeakerRyan @RogerJStoneJr @TheLastRefuge2
why??? You wouldn't do jack shit with it anyway. TRAITOR. You are a waste of skin.
Ooh @realDonaldTrump is on defence now.
Thank God that in just a few days these will be quickly forgotten memories of a miserably failed regime.
When NBC gets "top secret" info first....should have attended those intelligence breifings @realDonaldTrump 
But Sir, you refused getting the Intel. You should FOCUS on the job of POTUS who get Intel every day
awww sad! Little Donald is angry. And yes, of course that would be your concern you narcissistic fool #ImpeachTrump
That absolutely should be investigated.  My guess... NBC LIED!
maybe if you'd taken those briefings earlier???
....version. Do you ever read or honestly listen to anyone? What is wrong with you?  #RESIST #theresistance #NOTMYPRESIDENT
.@realDonaldTrump But not Russia's antics.  Can't have dad mad at you, Comrade.
how NBC has priority over PEOTUS is beyond reason and perhaps very suspect.  Obama was the worst POTUS in American history
hahaha. Really??  That's odd since you don't need intelligence reports!
get ur priorities straight. If u were on ur shitty reality show, YOU'D BE FIRED ALREADY!!! #gtfo
@us_poll Great idea someone leaked it, and they wouldnt be loyal to the people, the goverment, ot you
When something doesn't seem right always better to be safe than sorry! Just a good rule of thumb!
Ask Putin! Bet he could help you!  ImPEEch!
@NBC NBC knew it was leaked..used it anyway....It's what crooked media does..
#DonnaTrump emotional like a little girl. #overrated
when are we going to have hearings on Russian interference in our political system
Their time would be better spent investigating the Russian interference in our elections & vetting your cabinet picks.
it's time for a test to be given to determine his reading and comprehension and let the public understand DT's grade level
do mean how #AlecBaldwin figured out how to play you perfectly on SNL.  Your trying to stop your secret hate tape?
the leaks are from the #obamamoles he is leaving behind. To obstruct, leak, inform to obama, media, dnc. @ToKoCCA
Talk to you about what? You are not POTUS and you said you don't need debriefing
So what is it: you know more than others or you're butthurt that you weren't let in on something you didn't know? Criminy.
democracy is a bitch!  also, you may have had a chance to see if prior to NBC had you attended a daily brief, no?

Psst, Hate to break it to the Donald, they aren't  really planning to involve you in actual intelligence!
The only thing you should be shown is the door.
Maybe @wikileaks can help
LOL If you don't get your daily briefings whose fault is it that other people see info before you?? #moron #NotMyPres
Guess you had to be there...

Actually, there was no Top Secret stuff shared with anyone. They saw exactly what we are now seeing, the "cleaned up" ....
Maybe if you'd GONE TO YOUR INTELLIGENCE BRIEFINGS you wouldn't be blindsided by intelligence being reported by #NBCnews 
I think that "request" should be made to Jim Comey, as leak investigations are done by the @FBI not Congress
but you don't care to attend intelligence briefings and don't mind that Russia hacked our election? #priorities #traitor
@DrottM ASK THEM TO INVESTIGATE YOU AND YOUR NOT PRESIDENT YET. HELLO
Mary Lou!   Stop and think .    Trump is going to be our next president whether you like it or not!
I KNOW I THINK THERE SHOULD BE ANOTHER ELECTION WITHOUT RUSSIA. HELP.
Don't let this idiots get away with anything anymore @POTUS , They do not know when to stop!!
you should & hve killary investigated 4 selling 20% of our uranium to the russians
he is now reorganizing executive branch.  Really crazy has to be stopped
YOU ARE A SYCO
@WindRoseGirl
@Mikebla28456888 perfect, they need tobSTOP!
I hope that you can lock up crooked Hillary when you are potus. Nobody deletes emails if they are harmless #crookedhillary
Those are  Hillary supporters who leak stuff like that. Its a shame they can not be fired
...you are ...and will continue to be...an embarrassment to The United States of America ...
love it when trump says BuzzFeed is a piece of garbage and CNN is fake news!! love it the guy is amesome
.@realDonaldTrump Left can't document Trump-has-relationship-with-Putin meme but they ignore that Podesta took big$ from co sub of Rssn gov
THANK YOU FOR SEEKING TRUTH!
Were you "aware" that day? Convey says you were not!
#Trumpawareatbrienfings
kill yourself. You're going to get shot cuz no one likes u except for white trash people
it must have been negative
Maybe you should take those daily briefings!!!! Duh!!!
anyone who has ever lived under Opsec has cringed at the security measures of the last 8 years
STOP YOUR LIES http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/donald-trump-refuses-intel-briefings-cant-figure-nbc-news-knows-things/755/ …
your not even in office yet. Why would you even see it? 
Was only ever all about politics. That's how liberal Democrats operate!
The FACT that NBC saw a report what was supposedly TOP SECRET
shows that dems have not learned from Hill !
I call bullshit ... On everything that comes out of your mouth!
Donnie, it's the DOJ that does that job. Unconstitutional is your middle name.
: You imbecile.  That would have been in the intelligence briefings that you opt out of.
Why should they get the intelligence before the Greatest Man in the Land? This is dishonest, disgusting, FIRE THEM! #MAGA
@redmanblackdog Burn them down!
if you went to your intelligence briefings daily, you would have seen it.
they will find that you probably should have taken those intel briefings you skipped... turns out they're important. 
This is a witch calling for a witch hunt to distract us. You know how to get ahead of the news? GO TO YOUR BRIEFINGS!
exactly! #draintheswamp
Clean house President Trump!!!
I read Trump is gonna overhaul the intelligence agencies, and I think it's time.
Just make sure it's not any of these guys -
Cull the coup.They're all still #butthurt cuz #HRC was exposed.It's annoying but plain as day.
Do you not know the law at all or do you think it doesn't apply to you? Believe me it does. You are one deranged, sadistic, evil creature.
Aww poor pathetic baby, so now you are going to strike out just like Putin taught you. TRAITOR TO U.S.
If we waited for you nothing would happen, get used to it. You are unfit for office. Go kiss Putin's ***
love it-get to the bottom of it and the source of this and you will find the Dems standing there
@NBC The intel agency gives this top info to NBC,so they can Spin it BEFORE they give it to the President elect?Just Great!
there is definitely something fishy about that.   Sounds like an insider to me.
Its your fault you are slow to read not theirs
go Donald!!
@trump2021 inprison them
since when are you interested in intelligence?  You don't go to any daily briefings and continuously slam all intelligence
fine decision
naner naner naner grow up you simple minded two year old misogynist demagogue.
. @realDonaldTrump Proverbs 21:23 "Watch your tongue and keep your mouth shut, and you will stay out of trouble."

Mayyybe if you attended your intel briefings, NBC wouldn't be informed before you are.
What about who leaked the story of the secret assessment in the 1st place?
British people love Donald Trump that's the truth
.@realDonaldTrump - hey Charlie Brown, did Lucy pull that football away AGAIN? Sad! 

(P.S. - that was the UNCLASSIFIED version, numb nuts!)
@777Francejacque   The media and democrats are corrupt and traitors... ship them to Guantanamo
good idea
GOOD. Stop this corruption.
Any Intelligence gathered belongs to the people and it is their duty to let us know what's going on! Treacherous moron!
Maybe if you had been attending your intelligence briefings...
TRUMP,PISSED!PUTIN/ASSAGE TOLD HIM THEY WOULD(NEVER) GET (CAUGHT)!GUESS WHAT (TRUMP)YOUR 'CAUGHT'!OUR INTELLIGENCE(SMARTER) THEN YOU THINK
Here's a secret for you Donny. When you become president, you will have the Justice Dept, to investigate, but not Congress!
agree with the need to investigate partisan intelligence.  The haters are breathing fire.   Stay the course.
@Marinezmom what was up with that NBC over the President elect. Unbelievable
lies lies and more lies
your days are numbered impeachment on its way
r u going to speak out against  #Muslim woman at @delta being harassed in ur name sir!?
You are in my prayers to give you strength to do your upcoming job. You are in desperate  need  of them
I guess I haven't heard of this thing called freedom of the press.U aren't&shouldn't b a priority2them.They should be a priority2u!
You don't get script approval.
*my
he's talking to his people -- they would read "my seeing it" as coastal elite talk.
Its way past time people start being jailed. Beginning with the biggest criminals Hillary and Obama . Why is it these Politicians are above the law? This is what We The Real People of This country are so tired of! Blatant Criminal Acts no Consequences..
.  I am W i th you
@GOP @HouseGOP #IMPEACH #2018
@GOP @HouseGOP #IMPEACH
WE THE PEOPLE are right with you PRESIDENT TRUMP  , we are here 111% !
thepukk,a)(0wa)
#theressomething #youshould #remember
like Truman now Trump bring peace by using force in World both used big bombs
I am confident sooner r later @realDonaldTrump and Putin together save world from fanaticism like Truman and Stalin both did before 70 yrs
undermining the govt again geez pls stop
another diversion by the president to get away from Russia
MEDA, NBC aired Obama holder insiders spied on Trump. Game Over!
Bots out tonight!
Just a bunch of Democrats trying to spin and sway narrative of real story Behind President Trump 100% Watch Hannity tonight
God Bless You Mr.President...
You're the president, don't ask...order it!
@TrumpUntamed go get them Mr. President we are supporting you 100%!
@UncleRodge Way to go let's start going on the Offensive and stop playing Defense! Just Do It Now!
@TheLastRefuge2 YES
Here we go! Trump is the master of the Brady win. He is going to pulverize his enemies mercilessly!!!
Make an example out of these people--the system is corrupt from top to bottom. Trials and long prison terms
impeach is a word you will be familiar with shortly
@weblollipop1 What have they found??
that shows you NBC and the rest of them need to be shut down.we have sold ourselves to the muslims.
a little paranoid, are we Don?
Clean house Pres.  There are a lot of moles to sniff out.
please resign
You were too busy tweeting!
you saw it, it's not the intelligence committee's   problem you can't read.. @LeslieMarshall
not so top secret if we have all read it?  Duh!
@crankyjim Who cares?
#YouNeedHelp #PrayingForYou
Incase you didn't get the memo, you've been elected president - not king, not dictator, not supreme ruler, and not Fuer.
Dony, you're remarks on voter fraud are inviting scrutiny on your collusion with Putin.
Sad all the critics failing to embrace or perhaps unfamiliar: keep friends close and enemies closer.
