I sure hope POTUS  reads some of  our emails. Maybe the swamp is intercepting  and editing them? I have faith!  but don't trust the swamp
Haven't read a single one, cuz I know how to fact check. But I have found a lot of false crap that came from your mouth
How about every time you open your mouth is that a lie? And calling a judge so-called judge #SoCalledPresident
Obama is no longer in office, jeez I wish you would stay updated! That Judge is an activist!
You really need to get away from fake liberal news, read the pew research studies you may learn!
God bless YOU and help YOU in this thankless job! We can see the swamp against you! Remember: The swamp was educated by  Government schools!
You tell FAKE stories at least that many times in one week!!!
Guess we can take #Russia of that list. #TRAITOR 
The list is far greater of #Trumps lies to #Americans. In his attempt to control.
*Shares link to fake news site.
buy american.. toss that China cap. Hypocrisy!
But you've told ten times as many lies, 45, the media is still ahead.
How about we list the fake stories about HRC during the election?
No?
Ur prez... Get back to friggin work!!!
.@realDonaldTrump Federalist = EXTREME RIGHT WING. Let's take a stroll through FAKE  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/06/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrong-media-not-reporting-terrorism-a/ …





.@realDonaldTrump Ur promoting the birther lie for years WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN. Politifact = Pulitzer Prize winner (non-partisan). #Resist

Shut up!
lol no
.@realDonaldTrump @FDRLST if we evn started w the #FakeNews "your" side has vomited forth, the list wld b frm D.C. To Tokyo & back #shithead
Sorry - I don't use heavily biased or fake news sites to fact check fake news. I prefer "real facts."
maybe we should post the lies you've told. This story would pale in comparison
screw the fake news their just a bunch of babies trying to get attention from you...
it's evil!
.@realDonaldTrump @FDRLST You lie as often as you breathe. #StopPresidentBannon #Resist #YouAintSeenNothinYet #PutinsPuppet
how about this headline, 'Trump allows founder of Isis to walk out of the white house" or "Trump refuses to ban all
We need real truthful journalism. Unbiased and non-politicL
Jaysus, is that all. Yet nowhere close to the shite stories you have spouted.
funding and financial ties Soros has in America, allowing the riots to continue "
Please make war to ISIS, not the media
don't worry he will
Nothing compared to the total bullshit you spew daily. I never saw Obama throw temper tantrums. Too busy doing his job
Out of 16, I've heard of maybe half, and I question what I read.  You lie so regularly we can't take you 
but can we also talk about all of the fake shit Trump and his administration has said, as well. If one needs to be
held accountable, so does the other. I think that is fair. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Right wing trash paper. I am so proud of the media for doing their job and getting it right! #ConstitutionalCrisis
Don't you have some sort of job that doesn't really allot time to dick around on the internet?
I love how he makes his statements on twitter to people to who don't care than publicly in front of people who care
Massive crowds gathered for the opening of the largest IKEA in Burbank that out numbered crowds at inauguration!
WH officials have admitted to being told to label anything non-favorable "fake"... wtf
You do realize that the White House is arguably the biggest culprit?
posted on a fake news website.
funny enough, the stories are true with only misleading headlines so those fake stories are real. Read it.
well, 17 if you include this bullshit list.
Mr.President. Can you start selling your America hats and T's? All the profits goto build the wall.
I guess you know how HRC feels now.  Leadership starts at the top. Get your facts straight!
no one should take anything the report as a fact
I note that the press corrects errors but you never withdraw or apologize for the #fakenews and lies you put out every day.
If you cared about truth, you wouldn't even mention Benghazi. #HypocrisyExposed
I don't think a single day has gone by since 1/20 that Trump hasn't spewed bullshit.
Trump's bullshit goes back decades ;-)
Touché 
I hadn't heard of any of these stories. They are all obscure news stories that YOUR ADMINISTRATION has promoted.
I wish there was a fake news story here about how you sincerely expressed condolences for the tragedy in Quebec.
He's not one for compassion In fact he ran against it Ignorance and lies actually got him elected
That's how he behaves, direct your comments elsewhere ..  don't be fooled he's a wreck
Now let's see the hundreds of lies told by Donald et. al. in the last week! Fun!
you're truly have to get a life.
You haven't read this have you? You're #FakeNews
lol. Is this your intern Zine?
While we are on the subject.

Mia Ayliffe-Chung: Backpacker's mother corrects Trump -

Breitbart is still around, so is Fox.  Guess you are lying again. Asterisk by your name in history books will mean LIAR.
well that's the pot calling the kettle black.
please get over it...run the country as it supposed to be Mr President...please!!!
More #FakeNews from the #SoCalledPresident: @realDonaldTrump wrong that media is not reporting on terrorism any more http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/06/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrong-media-not-reporting-terrorism-a/ …
the federalist? LOL You are ACHING for attention and validation, aren't you?
yea but what’s funny is all those mistakes were corrected. Mistakes happen. It happens on both sides. Bye.
Errors happen on all sides. That's why corrections happen.
no you can’t be. A few of those mistakes were plain stupid. Agree. No denying that. Can’t give ammo to a man like him
Excellent article
And trump has lied 300+ times in his short tenure?
Watch 60 Minutes
where is the proof from the swamp? There hasn't been any so far. A person is guilty until he proves himself innocent?New law here? I guess
Clown Bias.
The article says there's only "fake news around Trump, and will remain if he's president." Coincidence? No. It's not only fake around Trump.
@realDonaldTrump @FDRLST ...You lie all the time...Fool
🖒

#MSM = NOTHING BUT  LIES   SPECULATION   THEORIES   OPINIONS 
#FakeNews 


more Americans believe you're honesty over CNN and other fake news. Doesn't lower rating affect them financially?
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' http://thefederalist.com/2017/02/06/16-fake-news-stories-reporters-have-run-since-trump-won/ …...
Do they include #BowlingGreenMasacre ? #NeverRemember
There's 42 lies provable and fact. You should quit this crap while a few people still like you. I don't.
Said an online blog w/a vested interest & bent towards the hard right. Do you have any objective pubs saying this?
are they really fake??? Hmmmmm

but how many lies have YOU told? FAKE IS FAKE. Sad.
corrosive media is more interested i n dividing the country than uniting it. Treasonous behaviour in the highest order
NOW, you don't like fake news! Never seemed to bother you before?
are you fucking kidding me? ACT PRESIDENTIAL!!!
@SebGorka @FDRLST fake news is gorka claiming to be something he's not. #expertwitness #altfacts
No one is running from you. You're as scary as pocket lint. Easily picked up and tossed aside.
how about all the lies you've told. The BIG investigation of 3million votes? Sad
ALL you could find was 16 embellished stories from a far right, conservative news site yet "ALL NEWS IS FAKE." Right?! Liar
more real news you call fake. Go find real concerns and fix them then to antagonize journalist.
#the federalist is known for their FAKE news Donald#more fake news from you#
the only fake is you
why aren't we talking about all lawsuits filed against u by small business owners you know the ones u were sticking up for
We still 5think you will be the best president we've ever had!!! Eileen Mears and family @realDonaldTrump @FDRLST
shoes in department stores just maayybe we would take you more serious as a president than a teenage girl having a tantrum
ha ha, you got elected on #fakenews! #TrumpLies #TrumpLiesMatter #DontheCon #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPresidentBannon
as a survivor of the Bowling Green massacre, I know from whence fake news is generated. 47 year high murder rate- all lies.
I can't help but notice you frequently refer to yourself in the third person. That's just kinda weird.
Pathetic if that is what you think! There's plenty of fake liberal news outlets!
lmao!!! You mean every else is true??? Then you really need to be ousted!
and a thousand lies have come out of trump's mouth since he became President junior to bannon.
it's your reporting that has kept you on the record as a prejudiced thinker
like Bowling Green Massacre and the biggest Audience ever witnessed an auguritation?
They should be sued for falsifying news,this blatant disregard of the truth may cost somebody their lives
Great.  You make your point by citing a fake news site.
saddest part: this means that all the other horrifying things reported about trump have been TRUE!!!
Only 16? That's a reduction from during the campaign.
they need to get back to ur Russian connection and put and end to your bs dictator. Impeachment as a traitor. Not Fake News
If anybody believed your bs about protecting the lgbtq, this being the company you keep should clear that up.
Small potatoes compared to the number of alternative facts aka lies you have told
Who tells me this article isn't fake?
here's 3 more fake news stories. http://awesomescreenshot.com/00968nc287  they happen to be the last 3 that @FDRLST posted. Sad! Politics?!
it can only be CNN i presume.
...AND THE 50 STORIES THAT SCRATCH THE SURFACE OF HOW MUCH TRUMP & ADMINISTRATION LIE!
That source is FAKE NEWS!
The idea that Trump "won" is the most despicable Fake News in the history of American Media...
fake news again... not surprised.. grow up... #puppet
Ok should I count this as 1 lie, or 16, not sure. I am thinking 16 so you can get your tote board going up.
Oh nice you run a story about fake news on a web site that supports fake news.  Just like you so hypocritical and a liar.
keep fighting for us Mr President thank you for loving our country as much as I do 
rip victims of bowling Green massacre  :(
this is FAKE NEWS
This serial liar is not the 45th President. He's the 1st illegitimate POTUS. REPEAL and REPLACE this idiot.
We’re here, we’re real, get used to us. You cannot lie away our right to freedom of speech and press.
Here is another one  17. Trump is NOT mentally ill
what a cyber bully just a terrible representation of a leader, not presidential at all and poor example for our children
This article just shkws the need to stop looking to Twitter as ones main source of NEWS as @realDonaldTrump does!!
The Federalist? Certainly mainstream news. If it agrees with you, it's not #FakeNews
and pretty much ANYTHING reported by YOU donnie, is fake news, or to be exact-A COMPLETE FUCKING LIE!
Drain the mud hole, cut them off at the pass! Texas lingo.
gee to hear you tell it, it should be millions of stories
how many public lies have you told since you "won"?
yea trump and his cronies are good at alternate facts.  I.e. LIES
Mr President, you realize that The Federalist is a self-serving entertainment-news media source.
How about we publish the 16 biggest lies today from your administration?

#Fake News 16 times per hour! #TrumpEra #Badassery
#MAGA!
#turnonyourphone
As if The Federalist is a real news source.
The Federalist? Really this is what you tout as genuine news? #45 you can do better than this.
Fake President !
At least.
"Trump presidency is a disease, an assault on the health of our entire system"
you're quoting a BLOG now??  Wow!! You are insulting the country's intelligence.
you have to be the most discussion human being
Demsocrats and Libtards put out fake. Assange not so much.More on Hillary
meanwhile Kellyanne Conway is spreading alternative facts about the Bowling Green massacre.
and you're reading false stats to law enforcement.
All ridiculous and inconsequential, but shows where you priorities are. You should pay as much attention to Intel Briefings
We are not Russia. We believe in freedom of speech.
Wow you must be joking. Talk about fake news - when you find a truthful honest story supporting this hit me up.
FAKE news for a FAKE president. Serves you right! Can't believe what DJT says. why should the news be any different
I read news several times daily and have only read a few of these stories, and those were based on evidence-based facts.
another fake news story u forgot..Donnie boy tweets he Is with the victims of the Quebec massacre..
#PropogandaAsUsual
So what! Does it mater? No. Get a grip and act like the President of the free world.
I think its a fake story too that you won Presidency
You are nothing but a liar! It is not fake news. You are a FAKE president.
All I have to do is listen to you and read your tweets. No need to read any articles to know you're ruining our country.
shall we make a list of misinformation from Spicer and Conway??
The biggest fake news is you're  a great President. You are a great LOSER would be great reporting
this isn't even a legit website 
o it the Hitler again and a again .
Punish those MSM people propagating fake news.Introduce new Law .
during the hearing the guy admitted to the foreclosure of the $0.27 in the senate. He was drilled about it.
Fake news? more like THIS article is FAKE NEWS! #FakePresident #alternatefacts
PLS save my son US cit Mark Swidan, detaind Jiangmen Det ctr China 4 yrs.Beaten 4 refusing to take his US flag t-shirt off!

Yeah on Bannon's fake news site.
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
#alternatefacts
We all remember the FAKE polls that said Trump had no path to be POTUS. They're just as wrong today!

Compared to the countless lies u & ur clonies spue everyday. Hahahahaha No all fall for ur alt truths
Did you read the article? People should not get news from Twitter and can't base knowledge from headlines!
You complain about fake news when the Reich gave the ultimate fake news?  Dead FBI agents, Church banning, etc? LOLWTF
