will believe this bull when I see it! Just  bcs YOU say it does not make it so! Besides you said pipes to be ..
installation ExxonMobil one of the biggest polluter with all its fossil energy? Pollution killer!!!!
Now go back to your southern white house and stay there! We'll be sending you a spelling primer!
تفو

go Trump!
Hello earthquakes and goodbye clean air & water. Are the new jobs rescuing people from collapsed buildings? @realDonaldTrump @exxonmobil
love all the jobs opening up in America.  Making America Great Again.  
all to export. We can't drink oil or fracking wastewater. Jobs are good. Being able to live is better.
# let me see wiki leaks hacks the DNC and they get a promotion ! Our own government hacks a us citizen gen Flynn and fired
@BarackObama called it but you didn't listen &now our country is going to shambles!
Obama loses the gloves 
Yes lawd! @realDonaldTrump is a piece of shit
And then some..
Yep! Plenty of some
Lol!!
Donald, the American taxpayers will not pay for your bogus wall. Stop trying to con us and defraud your supporters.
 @realDonaldTrump
everybody I know would gladly donate $100.00 to the wall! This progressoutlook idiot doesn't speak for all
how about Evraz North America!
Started in 2013! Thanks Obama!
actually he just thanked them #overanalyzed
your the #best , #craziest #president #EVER
You are doing a fabulous job thus far Donald!

We must protect liberals from themselves!

America First Baby!
America First Baby!
How much per tweet and press release are you getting from them?  #TrumpIsaCrook
你他妈每天不要做事天天发推特？
yeah, a 2013 idea you developed after Jan 20th. Take credit when u can my grandpa used to say.
Is that why Rex got his job, or was it his Russian ties. Your math really sucks. Can't even get the quotes right.
long before 45
USA! Send the savages back to the desert!
you should thank them for letting your white house plagiarize them.
what about Arnold???????
did you forget to tag Rex Tillerson in your celebration of your deal?
"That is creating less than a 100 job and polluting our environment, in the USA!"
this deal has been in the works for four years. Is that true? Also, what did you know? When did you know it?
The question is what did Obama know, and when did he know it, regarding wiretaps.
is it? A FISA court would have been involved were there any tapps. The truth will out. #TrumpRussia
FISA court was involved. Shot down once; broadened scope and dropped Trump's name and got approved.
You're grossly misinformed on what it takes to get a wiretap. If one happened there was cause
this was announced 4 years ago
started in 2013.  Y'all copied the press release from 2013

In Russia.
Try again!
Trumpcare and Obamacare are super different.
This guy? Really, 45? These cabinet choices do not inspire confidence.
It's time. #TheResistance #Trumpcare
Look at this massive procession in your honor! #Trumpcare #TheResistance
Let's not forget what the real story is. #Russiagate #TrumpRussia

Planned during the Obama administration. Taking credit for other people's work? SAD!
all CEOs Take credit for their workers output.
Exxon loves Russia almost as much as you do!
Is it a bad thing to want to be friendly with the second most powerful county in the world?
COUNTY? OR COUNTRY? Or do you know the difference? TV OFF - BRAIN ON! PLEASE
lets hope it's not all invested in cleanup projects.
- Mr Trump aka -My PresidentNEVER STOP  TWEETING you ! LET'S SHUT the FAKE  NEWS UP
Thanks Obama that was done on his watch!
kiss a monkeys ass trump
and in the meantime your destroying the earth but you got the jobs thanks to the SOS you didn't do shit
announced years ago. You take credit for it. What a tool
And destroying our natural resources.   Jobs don't mean squat when your air and water are poisoned
another LIE
wasn't that done in 2013?
has your pal are unloaded his Exxon stock. Is in the name of a family member
I wish you take away all the USA trash from Mexico. #Restaurants #Telemarketings #Clothes #AnythingUSA
A decision of that size has to have begun well before the election.
Thank you for destroying our earth for our children. I'm sure they'll love oil flavored water to drink...
REXXON Tillerson's ties to Russia—INVESTIGATE.
Thanks Obama!
BREAKING NEWS!!! Trump is not only a pathetic liar, but he is also a coward. Run and hide.
where and when is the job fair?
No conflicts of interest here.  Go about your business America. @jasoninthehouse
Does anybody believe a word this schmuck says anymore?
plagiarism at its finest.  No original thinking.  What about the GM layoff?

So weird @RexTilllerson connection. Even the blind can see what is happening. Hope no one enjoyed swim/fishing in the gulf!
Hitler created jobs too
THAT WAS PLANNED IN 2013...quit taking credit where you don't deserve it....SAD!!
you had absolutely NOTHING to do with this Cheetolini! This was a success of @POTUS44 for @exxonmobil
ahhh kissing the ass of your rich cronies. Not very Presidential. Sick very bad an.
Thanks Exxon Mobile!!  Our people need those jobs desperately!!
thank you @exxonmobil for ruining our great country in more ways than i can count.
That's BS and you know it.  Fortunately, most of us are able to read and know your lies.
@clantro @exxonmobil thank you Mr. President for doing your job, saving our GREAT Country. I pray for you often. 
You have to increase the petroleum for fast recovery of investment. @exxonmobil
you're a lying traitor.
#fucktheenvironment
blah, blah, blah
yes, thanks for giving our country away to big oil. Thought you were suppose to 'drain the swamp'?
"WATER IS LIFE" HOW THIS $20 BILLION INVESTMENT IN JOBS WILL HELP, WHEN YOUR INVESTORS DESTROY OUR WATER WAYS?
Yes thank you President Obama.  Thank God we had him as a President.  Will make it easier to fix your mistakes.
Good thing!! We are gonna need those jobs to make enough money to buy air and water.
How many manufacturing jobs did you and Ivanka create in China? 
.@realDonaldTrump - GREAT! BUT, you can't claim all new jobs happening right now.  THANK OBAMA & the GOOD ECONOMY that you got. NOT a mess,
Thanks to YOU, mot Exxonmobil.  YOU made this happen!  Wow!
hahahahaha.
So you now take credit for a major initiative that took four years of planning? You were influencing them then?
Yes very sad of you to try and take credit for something that had nothing to do with you!
you mean drilling for oil off coast of FL. Oh yea great. https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/03/trump-opens-all-available-gulf-of-mexico-waters-to-oil-drilling … #Florida #OilSpills #disaster
And the destruction is causing to the future environmentally. Investment could have been used for alt energy
Payback from Rex?
Jesus dude, how many times are you gonna mention  @exxonmobil today?

I mean I know they write your press releases, but...
@Veteran4Trump @exxonmobil you the man
That's one achievement. Thankful for those jobs!
and how much do you personnally make off this deal donnie?
for those of us who already have a job this means absolutely nothing
.@realDonaldTrump @exxonmobil #FakeNews #AlternativeFacts - These investments began in 2013. #Impeach45
https://thinkprogress.org/trump-exxon-jobs-announcement-d25bdc367cc2?source=collection_home---7------0 …----------
is a fraud. I can't believe our country is falling for this crock. It's embarrassing, can no one tell this man is a fraud?!
with material purchased from other countries. And....what was the tax on import products placed on those good?

Rex whom? Fraud. Seriously you are unbelievable in patronage? How much stock do you own?
You were not president in 2012 when this all started. #creditwherecreditisdue only!
We'll believe it when we see it!  You are a blight on the American people!
Awesome!
thank you for the Russian Stella and bringing it thru a non union port! Bad bad man!
Why don't you get off Twitter and act like a real President?
#notmypresident
Too bad Americans aren't educated enough to work those types of jobs. Too bad they'll continue to be that way
Wow, look at you, draining the swamp.
Just to get the facts straight ExxonMobil started the process in 2013...I know you like to take all the  credit
WOW
Mr president Trump . Make Paterson NJ great again please!
#Trump HOW CAN U THANK the enemy ?  EXXON mass KILLERS of #Americans  200,000 a YEAR DEAD cuz AIR POLLUTION by Exhaust? MIT
Yeah, yeah,yeah while destroying the environment. Goodbye Planet Earth.
In south Florida all of those construction jobs are done by non citizens! Can't find whitey any where!
Yeah folks, we're fucxxxx up the planet, we don't believe in climate change, but...it's working great 
Wroooooong!!
Please show us when and where, because neither @potus or @exxonmobile can substantiate your claim. #resist #persist
what kind of tax break are they getting ??? Wake up America !!!! This guy is going to ruin you
NOBODY WILL WORK THE JOBS B/C ITS COMFORTABLE TO LIVE OFF GOV'T. I AM PENALIZED FOR WORKING DAILY. NOT FAIR
Too bad it had nothing to do with you, this started back in 2013
@SpecialKMB1969 @exxonmobil funny, the libtards media hasn't reported this! Must be coming in the next issue
You do realize that Kellyanne Conway was wrong for hawking Evankas crap just like you are wrong now?
stop taking credit for things you had nothing to do with #fakepresident #impeach
like o
I have seen ZERO JOBS.  YOU LIE,  CHEAT AND STEAL.
what type of calculator are you using for this math?
engineering another oil spill?
Thank you President Obama we know the investments started in 2013.  Hey Trump did you say something?
more trump fake news.  Nobody with half a brain believes a word you tweet
where in Russia or China
how about #Azerbaijan #maddow  @exxonmobil
soooo great and really surprising. You created 44,900 jobs more than expected....thanks Goofy..
when are you going to let them unleash all that toxic oil from the Arctic? Sanctions lifted yet? Go, Rex!
prolly less than one day's profit
Hey, aren't they the ones who destroyed the environment in Alaska years ago? Does Valdez ring a bell?
The White House has now become the mouthpiece of the oil industry — literally,the opposite of the promise 2 drain the swamp
great!
We have to ask because your legislative branch won't. Did you meet with Russian ambassador during 2016 campaign
to bad they announced that investment before you came into office. Thanks @POTUS44...
Where are the investments for us little guys? The help, the leg up we need to build our businesses?
@realDonaldTrump @exxonmobil 
#RealPeeps
And what did Trump promess back to exxonmibil ??? Be honest for ones
just filled up both cars got a car wash.  Inside clean people were polite.  Hear good things about Exxon deterg
Getting ready to seal that deal you made with the Russians and lift those sanctions for profit, eh?
thank you so much for not forgetting about the deep South yeah Exxon!

How many long time workers are being forced out and hire cheaper new hires?
as good as this is for the economy, why can't we get support to AMERICAN oil companies so they can do the same?
and poisoning water supplies for my daughter and her children. Short-sighted. Pathetic!
and this is why im glad your in office man. Andbyes im black...smh people need to see what your sayin.
Proof please of these really good $100k/yr jobs? We'll wait. While we wait for American steel for the Keystone XL
Sounds more like a bribe and dangerous to the environment
Planned during the Obama admin? You idiots make me sick. Obama funded MILLIONS of Green businesses that failed!
You used their exact same words.  You're in their pockets like Pruitt is.  SAD!
General Motors laid off 1100. What do you say to that? Nothing because you can't save those jobs.
I'll believe it when I see it.
I especially loved how the WH lifted Exxon-Mobil's announcement word-for-word for it's announcement.
Way to go POTUS, a man of his word 
@lalitalaw2015 @exxonmobil @ntvnyr173 the Federal government from the equation as much as possible (free marketsWork always
agree but now ppl got all this free Medicaid feel entitled to it
The problem is that we have a $20 million national debt, & $200 trillion in unfunded
most ppl on Obamacare r Medicaid
