No, just repeal it and restore the free mkt! Get the Fed out of our health care!
They Rtalking about the 1s who voted 4you, they will eliminate their coverage & you R http://responsible.You  promise them better insurance
The House has made this happen... only The snake in the grass Paul Ryan and the House are to blame they choose party over Americans, sad...
Sir it is not your fault congress had failed, stay the course Sir. Obama care was doomed from the day the Dens passed it without reading it.
When the good things start happening???
Another round of phone calls and emails to my congressmen. They know they can be replaced.
please do not raise health care for seniors.  I believe in you, I voted for you. Again, don't take away senior benefits,
We won't forget u soon, that for lack of trying but because of the mess u left us in.
Good thing will happen to health care if you listen to the @freedomcaucus , Rand @RandPaul @SenTedCruz & the @Heritage else not so much.
I don't buy ur logic. That's how conservatives nearly destroyed the republican party, by being exclusionary. We need to be a "big tent".
Compromising with progressives, globalist, socialist etal only incrementally advances their agenda. They must be defeated to reverse it
This all or none logic will get us no where. Government is about compromise unless you have a mandate, which we don't have. Reagan agrees.
As soon as progressives give in on conservative ideas, like confirming Gorsuch & tax reform I'll consider changing my mind but they won't.
WRONG, nobody likes you, especially Melania. You are a very old sick man, I feel sorry for you.
Subsidies are complex, and complex never works for the users of such plans. There is great wisdom in those who follow this thinking.
Sir let's look at the bigger problem, medical cost cap them... with a regulations take 2 of theirs away.
Why does it have to be either or? You're like a 3 yr.old in the sand box that can't get along with others. Learn to play nice.
This isn't an either or situation. Work together, or you'll only produce another bill that will fail.
We have faith in u and All u Trump haters please don't tweet me nasty stuff grow up!
yea trump we all know u have done ur job,n this is old gov
Nothing good is coming from you.
"He thinks Democrats are going to help repeal Obamacare!"
Thank you President Trump. You are wonderful! I am still praying for you and your beautiful family.
I am sorry, but your message are confusing, very confusing. Forget about your ego and start to do something for the Americans

Hahaha so they are right only when the truth they tell are in favor of your own political agenda....such a manchild POTUS 
Go away!
Rs had 8 yrs, 8yrs?!?!, YES, 8 YRS!!!!! To come up w/bill! Rs should have knocked our socks off!! I think even I could do it in 8 yrs!!!
Tax reform, then convert IRS agents to insurance fraud agents to drive down fraud whereby help reduce insurance rates.
YES! Especially since those VICIOUS democrats never offered to improve the ACA (we call it OCARE). Too late! The Trump Train is steaming on!
We'll be laughing in our own White House while our stupid subjects DIE without healthcare! It's what you get for blocking the TRUMP TRAIN!
We're a BENEVOLENT RULER indeed. What? You don't have healthcare yet you chose to get CANCER? How foolish of you, subject! Out of our SIGHT!
Yet he's against vaccinations too. It's almost like he wants to kill off all the peasants.
No, they don't, James.
Ok James. Whatever you need to believe in order to feel that Trump "cares"  you go right ahead, MAGA man
The only good thing we can hope for is your impeachment. You are. Failure as a @POTUS #sad #resist #resign because you are unfit to serve
#TrumpLies http://ln.is/www.msnbc.com/am-joy/UKNUx …
BUILD THE WALL!! 
So first it was with Republicans, canceled. Then it was with Democrats, canceled. Now it's with both. Make up your dam mind bro.
:) your positive determined confidence is sexy ... I must say... MAGA
You consider letting Obamacare collapse which will leave millions w/out insurance & many dead a "good thing"???
Yes, Obamacare needs some changes. No, you don't need a full repeal. Your own bill even had more Obamacare than not… hardly a repeal!
I don't get this whole Republican ego thing where you attack access to health care just bc it has the name Obama tied to it. You're insane!
To all the people saying premiums are rising, yes you are correct. BUT, they would've risen even more under Trump's bigly botched plan.
Not only that but premiums have always been rising, and they've actually risen LESS under Obamacare.
No other wealthy nation has a private health insurance system because it makes no sense. They also happen to have cheaper heath care.
The argument that the health care isn't a right is about as logical as saying national defense isn't a right. They both save American lives.
Imagine if we privatized national defense, and everyone had to buy defense insurance & if they didn't they'd be left to die. Insane!
Leave it the hell alone. You have no damn clue. Just quit-everything, your job included
Liser, you will never make your plan work because you're the pocket of Big Insurance and Big Pharma. You and Pence will be out by Xmas!
Im still on obamacare.. So.. Ita not dead but thanks for April Fool$sssssssssss
Obamacare might be good for those who NEED it, but penalizing those who don't want to participate was a mistake on Obama's behalf.
His attempt undermine Free Markets Freedoms Liberty Capitalism FAILED. Ocare is on life support & we're pulling the plug, Ocare has NO DNR
blow me
Obamacare isn't dead, but you're still going to jail
Free market works - eliminate mandates! Rand Paul's plan works
But not together since you run America like a business competing for customers which has divided the country! This isn't a hotel.
We  U
You out of your mind to have 1 Dems support you with that. Last I checked you have the House. You can't even make deals with Republicans?

twitter is rigged, all I see on the top of comments just Trump haters and it is not possible. Game is rigged
Democrats would rather do a wild Russian goose chase than do their job.
Their constituents should vote them out for not working.
Almost 1/2 a year spent on some nefarious Russian connection, for what?
Because everybody found out that Hillary got debate questions in advance.
while Democrats waste our time and $$ trying to destroy the country, and have the nerves to ask for reelection
You are bigly delusional
You forget to mention that your own actions undermined the insurance markets. *Details*
He just forgot that detail; he forgets lots of things...Like signing executive orders!
As a Vietnam veteran, you have done more for the elderly veterans thanks Mr President
There's going to be states that have no provider for Obamacare, it was destined for failure just like Barrack Obama
I think u mean sabotaged by Rethuglikkkans just like Obama...
Ya, the Republicans did this....  
Obama doubled the National Debt in just 8 years. Just 8 years to equal the debt created by ALL past Presidents over the previous 222 years!
Yea in response to the worst recession in American history. When he attempted to raise taxes on the rich to lower the deficit repubs stopped
The rich already pay the bulk of the taxes. we all need to pay more and stop giving so much back in tax returns
Not all of us have it to pay because we were expropriated by the rich. The rich get rich off the system and need to pay back into the system
Yes good things will happen. But not until your term is over, your impeached, or you grow a pair of nutts and resign.
Pres T to fix healthcare make it mandatory that all govt reps & family have to use same plan they design for all INCLUDING our Vets.
Subsidies are "complex", and complex never works for the users of such plans. Keep it straightforward and SIMPLE.
...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Repu...
Bull shit, liar...
We've talked about this before, but let's be clear - there's a striking overlap between Republican states and places where Obamacare fails
You can read about it in detail here:
The basic trick is that a Republican state organizes their state to put more unhealthy people on Obamacare instead of Medicaid/Medicare
A step towards privatization is to attack solidarity, make the solution individualistic and not the emotion of working together.
Dear Mr Trump Von Nipple Dick,

I don't know a single dem who thinks OCare is a final solution. It leaves too many gaps. I grant you that.
However, what you proposed wasn't a healthcare plan, it was a budget bill vs a healthcare bill. Sad. Everyone hated it.
The reason it was universally disliked was because no one could find a win in it. I read it and found it bizarre. It benefited my group.
My group -top 5% of earners- don't need your help. It's the middle class & below. It's single moms who don't earn enough for AHCA to matter.
When you distill it down healthcare is a literally life and death. The AHCA would have cost lives, what's more, you know this. Puke.
Which people? List them.
I'm one! Brain tumor. Lost insurance. Now can't be treated! THANKS OBAMA!
In my benefits meeting today for a new job, my boss said "thank Trump you won't be penalized for your first three months w/out coverage." 
Hopefully someone catches you at your new job sniffing office seats, fires you, and exposes you for the true sexual harasser that you are.
Bet on the Democrats, there is only one Democratic Party. There are multiple Republican factions; Trumpistas, freedom caca, McCain patriots.
right - for your super rich buddies and their corps. Never for working or poor Reps or Dems. Good is only for your chosen fascist few.
By "good things" do you mean you're resigning?
@usairforce @AirForceGrads @USAirForceNCO @WhiteHouse @USArmy @USArmyReserve @ArmyResearchLab @USMC @usedgov
CAN I GET A CUP OF WHATEVER YOU R DRINKING?  SEE A SHRINK ASAP!
Leave my health care the hell alone,, you want to better it , go for it otherwise go golf
Big talk from a little man.UR bill was DOA bc it was a tax cut for the rich disguised as ACHA.Stop trying to screw ppl. But that's ur MO.
Why aren't u jailing the criminals. We all know who they are President Trump??!
Idiot
I'm not having anymore confidence in our government SENATORS or House Gays run protesters
u day that and yet u couldn't get the votes!
Heath care and insurance  don't  work  in America  to much greed
Medicare for ALL. Individuals age 18-65 pay premium, choice of plans; <18 or >65 covered w/o premium. Tax ALL income 1% for medicare.
How about fixing the ACA instead of destroying it? We nees to extend health care to everyone.
PUT ALL POLITICS TO HAVE THE CACA OF OBAMA CARE .YOU WILL SEE THEY FIX SO FAST. ALL THIS POLITICS ARE DISGUSTING TRASH CACA
Sad news. If you get rid if Obamacare, you harm millions of Americans. How is denying people the ability to buy health care a good thing?
Do you have even the SLIGHTEST GODDAMN IDEA what you are doing? Because you appear to be suffering from brain damage.
let it blow up!
Subsidies sounds like more OCare No bail outs for insurance companies or banks! #EndTheFed #RepealNOReplace
why not roll out universal public healthcare, not an insurance plan? That's what all other developed countries have, except in 3rd world
DON'T trust Dems, establishment RINOS like Ryan (who took Soros $ & stabbed u in back up thru ur election). Heed FRIENDS, Freedom Caucus!
You better get away from his kind and clean out the Deep State before they take you down. It's time some people went to prison.
They are not saying ACA is dead @realDonaldTrump they are saying people who overwhelmingly voted for you wouldn't have insurance
BROKE MY 2 LEG BONES LAST SEPT THEY AMPUTATED my right leg!
You're truly ignorant Sir!
I WONDER WHO WROTE THIS , BECAUSE YO DONT KNOW HOW HEALTH CARE WORKS , YOU SAID IT WAS TO HARD !!!  SO WHO WROTE THIS ???
it's dead with your help, right DT! Liar!
Nothing good happens with you, that's why you needed all the bail outs from daddy and the government. You suck at everything you try.
The ACA is very much alive & will stay that way 'til the governmnt can come up with somthing better. 'Til then, we will continue 2 vote NO.
Oh yes so did you read about Aetna? Trying to make Obamacare look bad. They had your back on that one! Judge got their butts too!
Teeets r cheap & worthless like ur promise of R&R Ocare on ur 1st day. Start delivering on ur promises Mr. Negotiator.
You need to call back Barrock & team to straighten this out for you.
#ACA is not dead. Instead of being a baby about it how about do something & look for ways to fix it rather than sabotage it.
Obamacare Care works great. Fix it for the people it doesn't . Be productive!
Medicare for all!!
Lol
I stand with republicans dear papa
Get rid of federal funding for ivy schools
how pathetic that you cheer for failure of people's healthcare plan rather than doing something to fix it.
I know too many people your agenda will affect negatively.  Still trying to figure out what reality you live in...
@SpeakerRyan @RepLoBiondo single payer national health care.  Including for congress

What happened to healthcare for all?! Medicare for all with secondary policies covering the remaining 20% care about people who voted for U.
I need to know what the hell homeland security is doing I have not heard any thing from them
MORE B---S---
Dems wont work with you, REPEAL not an option and no one, not even your own caucus trusts you. They laugh at your stupidity.
Like UR plan 2 DuMP 24 MILLION, screw over 7 MILLION @DeptVetAffairs from coverage & only seeing a doc once a YR @ tax time is BETTER??
Do you even can that the average American can't afford the high premiums?
O'care needs fixing, but what you guys offered was not fixing but destroying.
your administration is a reflection of your multiple bankruptcies. FAILURE !!
You are all talk with any results! Just a windbag!
God get spell check Obama Care and Democrats not Dems. Would you like to be call Wig head.
You use subsidies from Russia and China to build your empire fake Donald
"Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing  the US, Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter."- DJT
Thanks for your love for America
NOV8Map Rejected Legislated Ins. pd Leave Socialism like Sanders will never be accepted by Majority of American Citizens Govt should protect
this tweet has 36366 likes. That number is 0.133% of your followers.
It is ACA. It is not dead
I ain't gotz no grammer skillz.
I have MS and my Medicaid and social security with out it my medication cost 2thousand dollars which I don't have
Dream on butthead #TFT
Me president you need to fire all the judges some how make congress pay for what they have let happen . Like John McCain and
How about making it possible to know the cost beforehand?
Another law in the making just to b repealld in no time.. such abwaste of time @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
HYPOCRISY has ROTTED the REPUBLICAN PARTY---Patriotism: INDEPENDENTLY INVESTIGATE an ACT OF WAR #independentinvestigation
Coming unhinged even further ya half baked clam 
don't get caught up in all the sewage like that. Work with the freedom caucus and stick to conservative values. threats don't work there.
32 of 33 developed countries  have universal healthcare that works well. Why is the U.S. the only one that doesn't.?
O'care is only dead with #FullRepeal,  Please #KeepThePromise
You have no plan. Never had one, never will.
You're right, you're get arrested
what was your thought process to get to this conclusion?
Huge web of greed and evil. You complete the puzzle everytime you tweet. Don't stop this shit is getting good. WHO HAS PANAMA PAPERS?
"I'm going to be working for you -- I'm not going to have time to go play golf."- DJT
Your subsidies will mostly benefit the wealthy . Just another policy to benefit your wealthy friends
if obama care is dead why is 83 % of the country against you and "trump care" #losing #fakepotus #sadman
Didn't you promise more afordablehealthcare for all Americans?
It was not that I was against a female president. I was just against THAT female as President.
This is in your watch....not Obama's.  for gods sake deal with it!!!
MAKE IT SO ALL OF U.S. DOESNT HAVE TO LEARN + PRACTICE LAW TRYN 2 SURVIVE IN CORRUPT GOV.THEN BETRAYED CALLN US TERRORIST.OLD CIVIL RIGHTS
LA TIMES REAL NEWS is calling your Presidency a TRAIN WRECK! What an understatement!!!!!
#MedicareForAll !!!
You have done nothing for this country and never will
#MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll
Maybe it's time for single payer, unless you want to be the President who left us worse than Mexico at caring for our own people.
W/O subsidies an ACA policy costs 12K/yr per person.  Your plan will triple that for someone one 50.  Who can afford that? Just a thought
Mandate that Congress share the same health care, it will get better quickly!  Just common sense!
You are an embarrassment.
If the ACA dies on your watch you will be blamed by millions of uncovered Americans - this is NOT a zero sum game!
You have no clue about the cost of healthcare for average Americans.
.@realDonaldTrump - NOPE, only in your wet dream! Are U willing to FAIL FURTHER w more tries of repeal? Sorry, but your CREDIBILITY is shot!
PLS DONT FIGHT THE PATRIOTS! THEY HAVE THE PEOPLE'S BEST INTEREST AT HEART. RINO RYAN IS A SOROS PLANT! PAY ATTENTION! HE IS LEAKING INFO!
If u'r using Twitter still much, at least use it right. Relpy to your own tweet to link them together.
Well if premiums, deductibles a copays go up again it will die bc nobody can afford it! #Ryancare is NO better!Shame on #DictatorRyan & #GOP
you are better off with republicans. Unify first ur party then concentrate on Dems,moderates first.
We are with you
Lousy, dirty, big, white, bustard dog.
Tit!
We need good things to happen With Dems and Republicans!!! Do not exclude half of the country. Find what's best for All! 
If a plan satisfies both Democrats and Republicans then you know it is a damn good plan!!!
DON. DON. Don't you get it? Only the Dems can save your healthcare plans. Work with them. Be fair. You can do it. C'MON!NOW
