Wish he'd come back. @FoxNews is going downhill
Yes all the sex harrassers are leaving...going downhill....lol
You obviously believe everything you hear without any evidence. That says more about you.
Long live OBAMACARE
Hey guess what. TRUMP IS OUR PRESIDENT. #MAGA
Guess what.......you are living a fantasy....
My life may be a dream to you but @realDonaldTrump is STILL OUR PRESIDENT.
Mike Flynn is going to jail.
#IStandWithHannity & #IStandWithEricBolling

Caroline Heldman is a dirtbag
Feel free to search here for information on her

Link 
https://twitter.com/search?l=&q=Caroline%20OR%20Heldman%20OR%20%23CarolineHeldman%20OR%20Eric%20OR%20Bolling%20from%3AFuctupmind&src=typd …
She has accused FOUR PEOPLE AT FOX of lewd conduct
This Caroline Heldman thinks it's funny that Eric Bolling is having career issues.
Caroline Heldman and her disgusting tweets from yesterday
Here is a video 6 years ago right from Media Matters, where he makes a comment
Eric, if you did anything lewd, I won't support you, but I have your back until proven otherwise. #IStandWithEricBolling
@FoxNews I hope you have proof about Eric's "Lewd" behavior, because what you're doing is unacceptable otherwise.
What is the name of the woman who falsely accused Eric???
I'd like to know as well.  Not sure it was ever released??
Cool thanx!
Same accuser of Bill O'Reilly and Roger A. @carolineheldman
I was just watching your show, you focused on the NLF more than what's going on in PR. Why??
Donald Trump needs to get out of America's White House He's a liar and most Americans are very disappointed with him. he will always lie
No we won't. Maybe his son took his own life cause he was ashemed of his father sending those texts. Or Saturday Obama is a drug dealer or
His constant support of a sex offender president! Either way I am not sorry he got was he deserved he lost his job and his son is dead!
nate-dawg wonder how you'd feel if it was your kid stop and think about the kids in your family
Sean ya gotta get gorge formen on your show he's a true American and Love's this
 country
maybe if his father wasn't an embarrassment and a pig, he'd still have a son
Sean. I love you man, but Fox News is going down faster than a Kardashian on a basketball player. Take your show to @OAN
What if we did the national anthem before the players come out that would take care of both sides of the delema ???
Like Trump would say, what the Hell is going on!!!
His son committed suicide last night after the news that he was fired.... it's horrible !
Please tell me your not serious.
please to not exploit this terrible tragedy to spread rumors. No details have been released.

O Lord
Come & presence yourself with this family
Comfort them in their loss
hold them in their sorrow & sustain them through their grief 
Standing with you in prayer that the Bolling family will feel God's arms around them & He will rain down His comfort & peace. In Jesus name
Guy sent dick pics to employees...I don't think God would approve.
I didn't want to believe it. If Sean is posting then I have to believe it's true. Truly heartbroken & saddened for Eric & family
If sean is posting it then you have to believe it?!?!?!??!????!

#ReTweet if you Stand
With Eric Bolling  

We Stand With You

…

2nd Timothy 2:1-6
He was kicked in the nuts twice that day. Be careful, their is a target on your back too from the libtard scourge in America.
@realDonaldTrump @ericbolling just like you were there for Bill Clinton. Same crime Sean punishment same.
My heart is breaking for Eric & his family!  Keeping them in my thoughts & prayers!
Cause???
Suicide
No indication of self harm at this point...
I pray that you're right.  It would quadruple the tragedy it already is.
We love you Eric my heart is breaking for you
What happened?
You have the audacity to put Sean Hannity out there ? What the hell is wrong in your head? Enough of being a broadcast president GO AWAY!
My heart is breaking.
Hey $hit 4 brains aka @POTUS, apology soon? Trump Lied About Obama Wiretapping Him, DOJ Investigation Concludes
we live you and your family is in our prayers!
really?  how?
Our heart felt condolences to Eric and his Family truly devastating news that no parent should have to endure
@foxheadlines @JudicialWatch  #FoxNews Tell Fix gals stop boobs spilling out #Harris Dresses hiked 2the coochie&You all know who you are
#FoxNews Most FoxGirls unprofessional show th goods everyday waiting to sue for Millions Like Bill ORiley 4telling gal she had pretty hair
God Bless 

@seanhannity So sorry for Eric's loss. Thoughts and prayers to the family. Be there for him Sean. We stand with Eric!
Spending prayers for you and your family
And exactly who is the "we" to which you refer? Because last I checked most people do not love him and do not support him
on twitter...
I'm still shaking about this. I watched him grow up through Eric talking about him. I just can't find the words.
#SoSad #Prayers
Bolling's a scumbag
No one cares about u, dope
Why isn't there anyone in Naples, Florida? All weather and news stations on East coast... what's reason for this?  ...#hurricaneirma2017
#hurricaneirma changed course a little so now looks like worst will hit west. BUT it's bigger than the whole state so no place is safe
That's true but my area was evacuated 2 hours ago and it's too late to get out ..no hotels available .. most shelters booked ..blind sighted
Clearly "Dad" let the kid down whilst out perving around.
So so sorry Eric we are praying here in MS. Re your loss
We will be here for u & ur family- but hey-You're FIRED! @FoxNews- firing people without proof of anything- I'm DONE w/that pathetic network
Didn't you harass female coworkers too?  It's the Fox standard

So sorry Eric and family. May God help you through this time
I wounder if Yashar Ali report initiated this event, with his false report, if that is the case Ali is a trash.

God bless you Eric an family 
@seanhannity ...But his son won't be around....So many guilty republican'ts should follow suit,starting with you.
He sent pics,  of his di*k u know
Is it was ur daughter bet u wouldn't be So forgiving
Blah,blah, blah...  he is a sexual predator.... stop showing compassion.  His son was probably embarrassed.
Lord we come to You at this time of grief and ask that in Your grace, u would shed Your peace& comfort to this family #IstandwithEricBolling
@Bobby_Axelrod2k @seanhannity @ericbolling AMEN 
Oh Eric, your viewer 'family' are heartbroken for you and your family.
Please find some comfort in knowing your son is always with you.
This is just awful. Politics be damned, Sean, look after your friend. He's going to need you guys.
Lord have mercy on this family. This loss is ... I cannot even put into words. Love is here for you.
I hope u, O'Reilly and Bolling create a true journalistic network. We need that. 
Prayers 4u all from Florida
Cause of death is unknown, so will a FakeNews reporter drag the Bolling family into a horrible conspiracy theory like he did w/ #SethRich?
Seems like something you would text privately to Eric instead of posting on Twitter.

Loosing a child is terrible. But I just can't bring myself to care, due to the sheer amount of cold-hearted callousness the Right spews.
Lol
Beyond heartbroken for Eric, Adrienne & family & friends. May Eric Chase Rest In Peace & may Justice be served.
Likewise of all you fans.
@realDonaldTrump @ericbolling For what? Is DT in some "special need"? Is it worse than BOTH TX & FL's storm problems?
General Kellys sure likes to retweet. Well, that of Trump has lost even originality. How many days till a real president?
So sad.
So heart broken and sad to hear about Eric son. Please pray for his family.
Ugh that's so sad 
My condolences to Eric and to his family.
God strengthen him & his family to get through this time so sad 
Prayers for the Bolling family during this time of unimaginable loss.
Losing a son. That's heavy. So young. So unexpected. That'll rip a man's Soul apart. Look up to the higher power Eric. Feel the love.
How many dick pics you guys share around the office?
Jesus please comfort the Bollings and let your presence overflow! Eric, I'm so sorry. I can't imagine. Praying for you and family.
Such sadness. Such a loss for one to take.  God be with you, Eric and your family
Our hearts got out to you and your wife.sad day my friend.
Why did Eric Bolling get released from Fox News? I am concerned about Fox
My prayers are with you & your family
My deepest sympathy Eric 4your loss. I understand the devastation you're going thru @FoxNews now only has Sean worth watching. God be w/ you
My condolences & prayers of comfort to you and your family.
@ericbolling arrogantly writes a book abt virtues and gets busted 4 not following it
Our thoughts and prayers are with you @ericbolling and your family during this difficult day time 
Eric nobody wants to see ur package dude
Bill O'reilly, they tried 2 go after Sean, then Bolling. Vicious left now have blood on their hands.Start with Soros sponsored Media Matters
Prayers for you and family 
Such shame he brought to his family that his son decided he would rather be dead than associated with him.

The left will never stop til they destroy all concervatives
this is so sad.
Unbearable tragedy and sadness
It's tragic that Bolling's son killed himself. There is a MAJOR DISASTER occurring right now. Nobody gives a FUCK about Hannity or Bolling.
Tragic.  Sending prayers their way.
Racist

Eric B. leaving is yet another example of the Liberalization of FNC. Watch the One America News channel for real facts & CONSERVATIVE values
This is so horrible, and to think after all the pain that, Fox News Corp. put on this man. Now this tragedy.
There is no greater loss!
I wouldn't wish the loss of a child on anyone. It's devastating but why does EVERYONE trump supports have controversy around them?
Feel for the family, that is for sure. Victim of his POP's life, all those that mislead the undereducated will suffer, sad, MONEY First ?
My Sympathy to your family Eric..
As a member of the press who hounded Barry O 4 8 years, don't you find your lack of balance a bit...disturbing?
"....just go easy on the sexual harassment until this blows over. Then, continue to treat women like shit, if you wish." #lockerroomtalk


Amen
My heart breaks for @ericbolling and his wife.
Wish we could take the pain away for this family.
Nothing in this world is as unfathomable as the feeling of the loss of your child.

Yes!!! Heartbreaking news :-(

Seriously upset by this news as I have boys that same age. As well as words can comfort...Peace be with you. 
So heartbreaking. Praying for the Bollings during this very difficult time.
Ehwt doesn't kill us... makes us stronger god bless 
Rip. My heart breaks. Prayers with family. Loved Eric Bolling.
Prayers sent your way @ericbolling
Ch f8cx
Eric did send you a picture of his hot crossed buns, didn't he?  it's OK to be gay Hannity
Prayers for you and your family.
Did you offer your support to Jimmy Saville as well?

What did Russia get from Facebook for its $100,000? This, and worse, seen by 23 million to 70 million people. http://thebea.st/2vKjMnO  
I am so sorry to hear about the news. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.  Sean - please help Eric in any way you can.
Disgusting the amount of hatred and venomous comments from the left towards Eric and the loss of his job and his son. God Bless you Eric!
Instead of building a wall, maybe we should build hundreds of facilities with padded cells around the US to lock up these angry nitwits.
This is just so devastating on top of the network issues. Cant even imagine  My prayers to him and his family.
What -- no trolling the Bolling family w/your idiotic conspiracy theories? No making their lives more miserable, or their grief more tragic?
I'm sorry, but why is POTUS retweeting this? Why not just make his own statement?
This is very sad and I hope this wasn't caused by his fathers actions I hope all the speculation is wrong
My heart goes out to you no your family
#WeSupportOurPresident
ALL the CRAP this ass heaped on liberals & @POTUS44 leaves me NO sympathy for this ! He got every bit what he deserved!
Can't imagine the loss... Eric spoke so proudly of his son. We grieve w him...
Many prayers for this family, so sad.
and so will GOD !  He knows !  PJC
Was he the sexual predator
The guy's kid wouldn't be #dead right now if the #liberals would just #getaClue and #realize how bad #Fakenews is ,..#Sad - #liberalsSUCK !
Praying for the Bolling family.
So so sorry..luv.u..JESUS.  Please be with Eric & family. At this time..
We will miss him. A lot.
My deepest sympathies go out to you and your family. My thoughts & prayers are with you in this awful time. So sorry for your
loss 
And Eric, your fans miss you and love you too.
This sad news is unimaginable. Our prayers and sincere condolences for @ericbolling and family. This is terrible.
Fox News is pathetic. The purging of conservatives will cause them 2 lose many viewers. Who's next? Sean ,Judge Jeannine even Kimberly? WTF!
 for you and your family Eric. So sorry.
I can't even begin to understand the amount of pain you must be in. I am a parent also but can't fathom what you're going thru. PRAYING 4 u!
We pray for Eric Bolling and his family.

Honestly Sean. Why stay there..they are systematically destroying  you one by one.  My heart breaks for Eric and wife..fox should be ashamed
So sorry for your loss, Eric, I will be praying for you and your family.
Figures you'd be friends with someone's who texts dick pics to colleagues.
My sympathy to Eric and family
Mr Trump,  your personal condolences should not be public.  Especially given Irma & allegations.  Bad timing & form on your part for all...
Absolutely

So sorry for Eric's loss. He is really going through a bad time. Hope to see him back on Fox soon.
Eric..you may be down but we won't count you out! Hang in there!

They aren't white Europeans, they qualify 4 affirmative action
DACA makes new class of people, beating our kids not on merit but 'diversity'
I love perverts.
Here's a pic of my dic
