And Pompeo? Where should he go? Hint: Gulf War
McCain can go with him as a guide and to sing for the Vietnamese once more.
“I think MIKE POMPEO should take a nice long vacation in the GULF, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there.”
Pompeo will take a nice long vacation which is working in this administration
Well this aged well
Total doozy. It’s such fun!!
You have no right to tell anybody anything concerning Vietnam considering you did everything you could to get out of serving and you lie 24/7 so your the last person who should be judging someone else, look in your own closet first
Great idea
Copy that sir ..... You are my president and I'm very proud of you I'm very proud to be an American
I agree!  Just like Obama said he was going to enlist but Vietnam was over...he was 12 years old according to his fake birth certif.
Says the Bone Spur King.
Ummm, you didnt serve our country either....and now at 70-something you decide its time to do a major disservice to our country and be a #FakePresident #SmallHands
I think you should take a nice long vacation in Saudi - where they'll give you young boys. And don't come back
And he can stay there with Mike Pompeo
I think you should ho back to Russia and accidentally trip out a window!
You need help.
They probally hate hate him in Vietnam too.
Wow the T.D.S IS STRONG in the liberals here..
@SenBlumenthal is in the same class of #CrookedHillary Clinton! If he will lie about Vietnam military service he'll lie about anything
I am absolutely appalled and angry at public servants claiming to be something that they're not especially military service that's false
You should vacation in North Korea
.@realDonaldTrump I know Senator Blumenthal's sons from Yale, it's a good family, politics should be above personal attacks Mr.President
Donny boy's dominance politics are all about personal attacks, even if he's too dumb to know they're often reflect his own life failures.
The hypocrisy is astounding.
.and while he does that let's make sure someone checks your bone spurs
Senator Blumenthal could live to be a thousand years old and he'll never tell as many lies as you've already told.
Are any of you haters even old enough to remember Vietnam? Before 68 everyone wanted to go. After 68 we realized dying there was for nothing
The more you give McMaster cover the worse the information that makes his job unacceptable.Get ride of the problem and the antiIsrael bigot.
Draft dodger, say what....
don't forget you got out of going not once but 5 times u traitor
so says our draft-dodger-in-chief who compared vietnam to an STD.
At least he's not a draft dodger, how's your feet after all?
Maybe you should. Maybe they need a Trump golf course.

Says the coward who dodged the draft how many times?
LOSER
I THINK YOU SHOULD RESIGN AND LET A TRUE CIVIL SERVANT WHO ISN'T A NARCISSIST TAKE OVER!!!!
You laundered money for Russian gangsters. We understand that's why you are so afraid of Putin.
I wish the Republicans played as rough as you!
Unlike you, who avoided service in Vietnam by paying a doctor to say you had heel spurs.
How about talking about something positively for once. Or is that too much for you?
How are those shin splints.. Or was it Hammer Toe.? Roids?    Eyes? Man you are a pathetic version of a Pres. no example-ask SCOUTS
Your prez @SenateGOP @HouseGOP is a certifiable embarrassment to our country. This is not acceptable presidential behavior. Insane behavior

LLLLAAAAMMMEEEEE. Can't come up with any better? How's it feel to be elementary school level lame?
I think you should take a nice long vacation in a mental hospital.  So, you can at least say you tried to get some help.
Speaking of lying about shit...
Get help.
His apology was enough for his constituents to vote for him; get over it. Besides, he actually bothered to serve. How are your bone spurs?
He served 6 years in the military and was discharged honorably ...Not one person from your family has ever served in the military.  Not one.

He served 6 years in the military and was discharged honorably...Trump the King of Lies has no reason to talk about anyone telling stories.
It goes both ways. He's not as bad as some others who ARE politicians on BOTH Sides of the aisle. King of Lies is a far stretch. 
Really?  Lol.
King of Lies is NO Stretch when it comes to the tangerine toddler. Of course there IS Miller, Conway, Pence, etc..they're trying to keep up.
The Ignorant Way is to only point fingers at others & not look within. Don't forget who helped get him elected or RegisteredDemocrat Jared
From 1970 to 1976, Blumenthal served in the US Marine Corps Reserve, where he attained the rank of sergeant. GI Joke Trump had a sore foot
Stolen valor is a crime.  Trump committed no crime
Trump is one big piece of cowardly shit. His whole life is a dirty rotten crime.  The country is ashamed of the loser Trump. Jail ... soon.
There is a cure for TDS but it requires either counseling or going to safe spaces  with a coloring book

TDS
And Pompeo? Or do your principles only apply to one party?
What did you do in the war? Sorry I forgot to busy grabbing women by the P
Remember when u lied for years about Obama birth certificate! Then had to go on tv and admit it like a dog.  U lie like people breathe! Remember millions voting in California
I think @RealMikePompeo should take a nice long vacation in Iraq, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
Hahaha....u funny. Good one.
My heel spur hurts
Could you do that? Please?

@realDonaldTrump rI find it laughable everytime you call someone else out on their lies. Everything that comes out of ur mouth is skeptical
Love this slam. 
@realDonaldTrump You've achieved nothing except further dividing the nation and mainstreaming white supremacists. Leftists will fight back
Since you only attack what you fear the most (Mueller, CNN, MSNBC, real news, reality, etc.), what does @SenBlumenthal have on you?
And maybe you should go with him since you avoided the draft how many times?????
Says the draft dodger in chief.  Grow up.  Stop name calling like a grade school child.
Stolen valor.
ur the liar. On tape, video, social media, there's a record of ur bull s*** lies. Ur calls of "fake" are classic projection
And just where exactly did you serve our country in the military?
He is a disgrace to all vietnam veterans
Who ghost wrote this tweet? This traffic cone has too tiny of hands to be dragging people like this
Attacking Veterans is unacceptable. We the United States are the people. We don't do that.
Our POTUS has done more for the veterans than the past 3 administrations combined.
Says the whiny draft dodger
I think you Tweet excessively and are hasty on the draw. N. Korea is the perfect example.Grow the eff up and haelp our country, not your ego
It takes one to know one
At least he served in the reserves. As I recall u stated your Vietnam was worrying about STDs.
Damn, you have got to be the world's biggest bully.
Let's talk about your service to our country....oh wait...you didn't serve
Go along and show him around.  He was in the service during Vietnam era.  He is a Vietnam Veteran.  Not all Vet's are on the front line.
Big words from a cowardly draft dodger. @realDonaldTrump should be ashamed to lower our political discourse in this way. #25thAmendmentNow
Bwahahaaaaaa. #lovemypresident
How about you take vacation to Russain since you love their president so much.
Love this statement!! Keep up the good work :)
At least he served his county you ass, which is more then you can say. How many times did you dodge the draft again?
@codered_91   what. A. Savage. 
As opposed to You cheating the draft & using sexual conquests as your "personal war" at the time? Big talk from a little man/baby. 
How come Trump supporters hate  a guy who lied about one thing when they love Trump who.. Well.. Lies about most things.. Double standards?
TERM LIMITS!!!
What if he has sore feet?
Or he could say he has bunions like you did, you turdburger.
perhaps you should join him...  you know, if your feet are feeling up to it
Where and when did you or any member of your family serve in military
And what did you do during the Vietnam War, Trump other than evade enlisting. You should look in the mirror and see the biggest liar of all.
Agreed.
Said the draft doger.
You should know all there is about vacations. #hardlyworking
They are coming for you. And they will get you.
Um, because you were in Vietnam? Draft dodger. You're pathetic.
It is so refreshing to have an honest President one of the many characters you have that make us support you! MAGA we r with you!
and take #1RinoMcCain with you. Leave him there.
I think you, your family, your cabinet, your #Cult45, and the #gop should all take a vacation together in Guam...permanently
Trump calling someone/anyone a liar?  Hmmm...
He served -- you dodged -- Daddy bought deferments - FAKE PRESIDENT is a FAKE AMERICAN
At least he didn't lie about his 'bone spurs' to get out of serving
I think you should take a nice long vacation to Guam. We'll let NK know you're there.
CT is crooked state,taxes are wasted,people fleeing state. Who bails out State  employees pension?
didn't serve
You should join him or are you hel spurs still bothering you?
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at le...
Riotwoman: everyone I know love what Trump is doing. What did democrats do for Americans in the last 8 years ?  Answer please
While the chief draft dodger got out of serving
Truly. This is your direct line to the real people. One hundred forty characters at a pop. Where did you serve? What sacrifice did you make?
Man to man. If, in fact, you are a man. And not, as I suspect, just a pampered 71 year old boy. Too late to grow up, I suppose?
You are a foolish man and are placing this country and world in danger!
Do you forget how many times you were deferred for fake reasons
Let's see--you had deferments because of bone spurs in your feet??? I had mine easily corrected with outpatient surgery. Draft dodger!!
Because your service record is stellar!  Dodged military service with any excuse you could!
I'll bet lots of people care about what someone who was unfit to serve has to say about the Vietnam War. #DraftDodgerInChief
What about you WAR DODGER.  Worthless.
I love for you to do the same. With, IDK, Mars or something.
Sometimes you make so much sense, then at other times you do things like endorse Luther Strange, a sewer dweller.
Hilarious & so true. ThankYou for all you do #PresidentTrimp @realDonaldTrump WeLoveYou ..pls do more rallies to show GOP who's boss 
How are your bone spurs?You mock the Senator but people see through what you're trying to do,you're a terrible role model except as an 2/
Wow. You really cannot even bring up View Nam after getting your fraudulent medical to avoid the military. Fraud.
You should move to Russia
Mean mr mustard lives in the dark. Tells everyone it's NOT HIS FAULT.
I think the Trumps should take a nice vacation in Guam.
Thank you.
Daaaammmmmnnnnnnn! SHOTS FIRED!!! 
He has apologized.  Have you ever apologized for anything you've done?
Like your nice vacation at the WH so you can say you were @POTUS
Just like you lied to get 5 deferments to avoid going there right.... liar in chump

The reason #PresidentTrump is after #Blumenthal today on twitter #EmolumentsClause AUG 14 court date.  #maddow @maddow @MaddowBlog @Rosie https://twitter.com/jollydeltachrgr/status/874943214246952960 …
At least he served! Doesn't matter where it's a team effort but you've gotta be on the team. Big brass ones considering...
Any proof of your accusation? POTUS #45, you lied about an ailment in order to stay out of Vietnam.
, Wow, you really have a lot of nerve, maybe you should take a long vacation to North Korea?
DONALD TRUMP NEWS! Is the REAL FAKE NEWS!!!
Draft doger
Your tweets are American!
you're such a bitter angry man and so pessimistic about our country. Never before has a @POTUS been so negative about USA.
And how are those bone spurs in your heel-oh yeah-so bad couldn't feel which foot. Heard the one about throwing stones at glass houses?
Tell me again about your military service..... or should I say cowardice. You are a dispgrace to America. #Impeach45
How about your FOUR deferments? How's them heel Spurs? Not stopping your golf game apparently....
You are a traitor to our COUNTRY. I served my Country, did you?  Oh, that's right. Your little feet were hurting. BIG BABY!
You said it, Mr. President! And God bless you for #MakingAmericaGreatAgain! You are the man!
Thank you for your service in Vietnam, Mr. President!
It's called sarcasm!  I guess there are idiots on both sides!
I think you should, since you dodged it. How's the foot doing, you coward?
The world is watching ur administration what are u doing abut the issue of the kkk and the abuse of black communities in ur country
LOL!!
You should go with him draft dodger. Better yet yall should both go to NK when you nuke it.
And how many years did you serve?
More than trump.
I think President Trump should do what it takes to earn the Purple Heart he accepted.
He lied to get elected, and the people of Connecticut didn't care. He dishonored the thousands of Americans who died in Vietnam. SHAME & SAD
Speaking of lying how is that "Bone Spur" doing? The one you used to get deferments forthe Military so your sorry ass did not go to Vietnam
Omg you are such an embarrassment
Good point!
