Our hero and very brave man protecting Americans unlike Barry.
Making reckless threats in the mold of dictators like Un, putting others at risk, while himself safe is the very definition of cowardice.
Trump is not making our world unsafe, it already is. Open your eyes and stop blaming Trump for things you don't understand.
Yes but he's making it much much worse by sending out countless threats on social media like this.
Young man ,how many threats should the American people take on our country before our POTUS stands up, its about that time
The point is, he's making the threats worse, and more realistic by taunting people online.
How is it worse, anyone who knows real life situations know there must be a drawn line , this way we KNOW how to handle the situation
Do we really KNOW how to handle a nuclear apocalypse?
@realDonaldTrump Just because you can, does not mean you should. A wise leader would consider potential collateral damage to allies 1/
The problem with the way you think is that we can come together and be peaceful but the fact is there are lives st risk right now as well as
I am all too aware of the lives that are at risk. Family and friends in the military willing to lay down their lives. Also, millions of 1/
Tell me what is a rational leader in your mind?
have you heard the remarks of Rex Tillerson this morning from the island of Guam? or the words from China about diplomacy?
Still waiting for an answer.
Reading comprehension not a strong suit for you?
Well NK just made another threat, to nuke Guam. 8 years of diplomacy didn't work and it work now. P.S. I'm waiting for your def. and example

I hope you're going to join the army
Why do you say that?
If you know history wars that are not supposed but the country's people is more likely to suffer the most losses key in point Vietnam

Unfortunately he'll not be with you if you happen to be in the way of a bomb.He'll be tucked up safely whilst you and yours 'stand with him'

Dud hes the president
,...& HE's threatening "FIRE & FURY" (August 9, 2017; 3:05 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Someone give these idiots a history book
Bomb the shit outta them Mr President #MAGA
President Trump you know what needs to be done America first
FAKE NEWS!

Once again idiots, SHE'S NOT THE PRESIDENT
Then why does Trump keep bringing up her emails at his Rallies?
Stupidity?
For what?  Starting a war.  Have you signed up to go fight yet? If u follow Trump it's time to go enlist.
RT @foxandfriends: Trump vows U.S. 'power' will meet North Korean threat http://fxn.ws/2uoniUc ...
so, they r now threatening GUAM (August 9, 2017; 3:05 EDT) #KIMJONGUN #NORTHKOREA #FAIL
Dangerously delusional
North Korea rocket
no comment from Russia?China? Are all 3 working to aid Trump draw attention away from COLLUSION & OBSTRUCTION? They do gain from a weak prez
How about a press conference, instead of retweeting @foxandfriends ?
With God's help we will be safe!

Will them or others. Those days are coming
Where such weapons will be used.
Now who is publishing leaked classified intel? Irresponsible!
No war.
Amen
That power is fire  and fury.  A great song by skillet.
The cornered rat lashes out.

The closer Muller gets to the truth the closer we get to a nuclear Armaggedon.

trump's insane
Wow
AS A LIQUID YE CAN ALL DRINK WITHOUT KNOWING, THEN BOOM WHOLE BODY GONE, EXPLOSIVE THIRST......LOL
Getting your Daily Intelligence Briefing from Fox and Fiends again?
@realDonaldTrump because early morning Twitter shits. #RagingShitterTweets #Covfefe
Nuke damage to survivors. IF you are unlucky enough to survive it.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. Albert Einstein
Praying for our President, as he faces opposition for trying to say and do the right thing!
Again aspiring to destroy lives is should not be ones goals in life
Stooping down to NK hyperbole with a dictator with nothing to lose is a pretty stupid strategy, Trumpski.
World Leaders think Trump is a JOKE
Do we care what the world leaders think of our President, at least he is not bowing to them and kissing thier hand!
what does it say that only Fox and friends are reporting this? Bought and paid for. Fox is hypnotizing u!
I love when cowardly draft dodgers get all brave with other people's children.
The ONLY ‘threat’ to the USA is Donald Trump.
How does ur network sleep at night knowing u are promoting the most incompetent president in modern history?
You know they make a pill for that...
North Korea's threats and nukes are the only card they have to play. If they didn't havethem it would be open season.thats why so aggressive
I believe the language used to DPRK was ver appropriate. That's the only language they understand. That little punk in NOKO
Better watch out

Sad
Will we be able to tell which radiation is n Korea and which is usa?
Americans vow Trump will be met  with fire, fury and power the likes of which this world has never seen before if he drags us into FAKE WAR.
You know , a country with nuclear weapons and has repeatedly threatened America and other countries is fake according to you. It's utterly
insane to say that. If we do nothing like Obama did we are jeopardizing security on a global scale. The action must come when we can't allow
NK to progress in their nuclear weapons. You have to accept the ugly truth of reality and stop living in your fantasy socialist land.Wake up
Dude, step away from the faux news.

Donny confuses words with action. He is a blowhard bully. A keyboard tough guy. Weak, ineffective and a coward
You know 1 million created jobs is not effective, take out a nation that has threatened us with their nukes, that's weak. Trump's a bully
he is tough on fake news, that's the libtards logic that you have. Sad to see someone so ignorant.
It is said they are the size of trumps small hands
another/latest TIT 4 TAT  (August 9, 2017; 3:05 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #KIMJONGUN #NORTHKOREA #FAIL


3 Years, 5 Months, 11 Days, 5 Hours, 36 Minutes, and 34 Seconds
Till prez trump re elected
Life on Earth2 must be fun for you.

Action is the most important
OYG! They are doing the same things we do! Let'S call them evil!
Fox Fake News & Lies only Low IQ Morons Like Trump would Watch!

Sir ,president plzz stop those people Korean  they just want us in Africa to die
Unconstitutional to go to war w/ out congressional backing
It's a fact that it is unconstitutional to go to war w/out congressional approval we need to staff the state dept & practice diplomacy
What do you call : "fire, fury and frankly power, the likes of which the world has never seen before"?
I find it interesting when I'm blocked by someone I've never heard of before. i.e. candlemaker52. Do Trumpsters pass around lists to block?
IDK! I block abusive people & Bots. I don't agree w/ much of what the T supporters have to say, but if they aren't BOTS, I hold out hope.
“They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.” Someone's been watching "Pulp Fiction" reruns on vacation.

NO NUKES PLEASE, DO NOT END THE WORLD
Go for it Trump ! Let's give these global warming  people something to cry about.
Why do you want millions dead?
The entire n. Korea wants to nuke us, we MUST HIT FIRST

Please tell me the crimes he's committed

I asked for crimes.
It's quite obvious that no matter what my comment may be, you will be right. 

I will comment on one crime. Let me just say RICO.
It's quite obvious that you have nothing left to say so you post that. You claim that you're a logical and reasonably person, then lets have
Deuteronomy 28:12-13
The #Lord will open to you His good treasure, the #heavens, to give the #rain to [1/5]
lololol Under God what a Joke You areca Paid Bot
Acts 2:38
Then #Peter said to them, “#Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the [1/3]
I thought you were against leaks?
Foreign policy should not be made by toddlers.  Remove Trump immediately! #ImpeachTrump
Are you with the not my President libtards?
The president is doing a great job for to long America has coward to threats to this country under obama administration Thanks POTUS praying
He definitely isn't weak on allowing all the abortions you want allowing big grown men to go in our bathroom where are children are
Thk you Mr. President Millions upon Millions of us support you, you're doing a  hell of a job, hats off!!
When i talked to God i knew he'd understand, he said stick by me i'll be your guiding hand,
#MAGA #ImpeachTrumpNow  he is a head
Trump lies about everything,compulsive liar, and no diplomatic ability a very dangerous fake President for U.S., Americans embarrassed.
The American PEOPLE will not be threatened, nor coerced, nor bullied by fear. WE back our Pres in ANY retaliatory method he chooses.
Oh great, two completely immature, impulsive, incompetent, and severely inferior may bring about nuclear war.
It's about time we get a president to stand up against their bull crap! :)

It's clear you have no thoughts of your own. Symptoms abound. #25thAmendmentNow

I can't help but think that this is one of those little rocket kits you can get at hobby lobby or something.
So starting Wars all you have left? Your joke! You want to start a war just to say you've done something. What a negotiator

Crazy meet crazy. Collateral damage, meet your maker.
Because you have no diplomatic skills nor staff?


If Trump wants to destroy North Korea, he should buy it and turn it into one of his casinos.
Very funny we have seen your power in Afghanistan. Don't be silly
A crazy idiot keeps retweeting Fox. That idiot is a threat and on the verge of war.
Praying 
The big difference between Trump and Kim is that the stuff Kim does makes sense.

What is wrong with you?

Sad.
START the #draft get them lazy #Liberals  off their moms couch and put them into #uniform
Says the mighty liberal enjoy the liberties that the men and women in uniform gave you cowardness should be a crime
IF 'All Else' Fails; America should 1. Mass; 2. DEFCON 1; 3. Alert Nato/Russia/China. 4. Allow DPRK 24 hrs start to ship nukes to China OR..

Got a boner yet, tough guy?
You people suck.
Here's some news fox and friends...
DJT, don't let CIA & CFR globalists provoke a nuclear war with N. Korea w. false flag.  Sit down w. Kim & negotiate!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuKKAzvANwE …
Trump is a fool and Fox  is exceedingly irresponsible in reinforcing his childish behavior. This is not presidential or even adult behavior.

#douche
How about a news conference, ya know where you answer questions,like Presidents give in times of national crisis.Not just RT Fox propaganda.
@realDonaldTrump, the WORLD hates you!
Thank goodness SecState is more level headed than Trump.
Trump is so ignorant he has no knowledge of Foreign Policy. He only barks, no bite. It is what cowards do.
TrumpNews a.k.a. FOX & friends love the FAKE President so much!
Two madmen engaged in ameasuring contest, but with nukes.
Your 'fire and fury like the world has never seen' comments were as deranged as anything coming from Pongyang. Or B movie villain dialogue
I'd like the nuke to meet Don the Con's head.
Big talk from someone that dodged the draft multiple times.
Childish. you could say his name correctly as he will always have a favorable legacy. I'm not going to argue with someone using "Ovomit"
So at 3:30 in the morning, as you fret about #TrumpRussiaInvestigation you tweet further rhetoric about NK . Nothing will stop Mueller
Two bullies in the playground. Both fucking nuts!

. ONE report. Is there IC concurrence? Don't egg your FHead buddy on.
Way to go, Fox.  Broadcasting classified information.  TRAITORS.
I am not on the Fox and Friends news site somis this how the president runs the country, based on what fox says he should do?
And you are happy about this? Crazy people. Crazy ass President
So when are you going to move some of our nukes back to S. Korea?
Don't get us into a war unless you plan on sending your sons to fight #Potus
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews 

Fox and trump need to be taken off the grid
Every1 calm down! So what if chubby launches? WE HAVE CAPABILITIES TO KNOCK THEM DOWN! Then it's #MOABtime



US power could destroy the world.  North Korea  could be destroyed in an hour.

2 stupid tiny men w/their fingers on nukes!! If this this doesn't knock some sense into the world I don't think anything will!!
So not threatening a nuclear nation who has made countless threats against the world and especially America isn't okay.
"reportedly"; "may have";  "could have"; like WMD's in Iraq.  Fox & Friends, stop enabling and reflecting 45 back to himself.
He's going 2 do something impulsive and insane! We know it. We know him. He's going to kill so many people if he dosent calm down.
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Man please shut up, u been picking on that dude every since u been in office. U don't want NK.
U mad because that white boy died over there that's what this is about. We the people don't have a beef with Pres Kim, u do, so stop picking
It's shocking that the same Democrats who brought us to this dangerous place want to keep talking, Feinstein, Schumer and RINO-McCain

keep on with this and you can take credit for helping start a war
@realDonaldTrump Are you really up for doing this again?
You must REALLY feel big and important today
45* vows lots of things. He's made of BS.
Do you think the U.S. should be the world cap?You should go to sleep ,man!
Hey Donnie, why don't you read your briefing papers instead of watching this drivel?
Ever heard of Hiroshima? Maybe pick up a book and see the devastation that follows a nuclear bomb!
Is his "missile" so tiny that he has to compensate with the big ones we have in the ground? Is destroying the world worth his stupid ego?
My dad fought in Korea in 1950 (UDT)-lost a lot of brothers...and he would not be happy about us using kid gloves on North Korea.
You know what America did to many country's ? I would be happy to see them at war ! Karma!!
Their nukes are miniaturized, like your hands. And your brain, for that matter. #ImpeachNow #TreasonousTrump #Impeach45 #NotMyPresident
How tiny is this man's penis? @realDonaldTrump
6 of Trump's last 7 tweets are RTs of @foxnews, the leading #fakenews source in USA. He promotes #FakeNews & attacks real news. #Brainwash
was is not CNN faking protest news , was it not MSNBC faking what happened with the google memo , fox is not alone in faking shit.
Just stop already! 

We can read Fox without you retweeting everything!

Well at least your bullshit is keeping you up all night too
Fox again? Is this because no other station accepts your lies?
You really have affected wall street ! https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1594901167196900&id=114050161948682 …
#trumpanzee thinking that it's a good idea retweeting this is highly disturbing, & proof of how unfit he is
#25thAmendmentNow
#TheResistance
Donny will soon get his war that he is trying SO hard to start....
