All Americans are in harm's way due to this administration.
All America is in harm way with you and Trump leading the country...
Thank you for being there for our friends, family & fellow Americans in TX.
Tell president Donald Trump he doing great job

The Florida weather center was the prize O gave Florida for Nelson vote. Everyone knows Florida needs that weather center for the southeast
RT @VP: All Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting http://Ready.gov  for critical...
So sad....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Keep up the great work! We love you and continue to pray for you and your family God blessed America with you.
Thanks to you and your boss, we're ALL in harm's way. Thanks for that.
#Impeach45
The whole country is in harms way with you and your boyfriend playing queen and king. @POTUS
>u seem mad

too much CNN ???
I don't watch, listen to news. I formulate my own opinions. "Mad" is an adjective you would attach to @POTUS. YES, he's mad and inept.
We're all in harm's (it's possessive, genius, not plural) way as long as you criminals are in the People's House.
All Americans are In Harm's Way under the Trump Administration by which this so-called Godly Pence is supporting
Are you living through this hurricane? It is not the time for your negative political views. We come for info not to read your crap
Then why do you feel it is important for you to reply to my " crap" ?
no matter what side your on this is not the time for your political views. Have a heart, good people of all color and race is effected.
At what point did you suddenly stop thinking that politics is killing the hearts of people?
Listening to negativity doesn't give people hope in a time of need. I'm saying now is not the time. Go to another tweet about politics.
GOD. BLESS. EVERYONE. AFECTED  BY HURRICANE HARVEY .IT WILL TAKE TIME FOR FEMA TO  COVER ALL THOSE. AFFECTED IT S A MEGA. JOB TO RESPOSES
Hey @VP ..I guess you didn't hear that they have no power, no internet, no cell service...gonna be kind of hard to go to the website
Yes, AMERICANS. This is AMERICA.
You're the only hope Pence. Only you can legally suggest the President unfit...or unwell, for office. He is ill VP Pence. Be a man Pence.
Vice-Liar. #Resign Pence.
Hypocrite
*harm's
Seriously, do *none* of you know this shit???
He didn't put the apostrophe in because the whole tweet took all the characters he had on this platform. This is Twitter not Facebook.
He didn't need the word "Americans", unless he's explicitly saying non-Americans are welcome to perish.
Oh liberals... Always nitpicking
There is no pleasing them because they are not pleased with who they are. They project their self misery on others. It's very sad.
I am leaving this tweet to own it and take my lumps but, again apologize for stereotyping. I have found out that not all are unreasonable
We all stereotype, and it's led to fruitful discussion :) And actually it's an observation hat when more broadly applied, is often true.
I tend to agree but choose to focus on the friendships and understanding developing across "lines"
Just shut up.  We don't need you any more than your counterpart Sir Tweets a Lot
executive order to force trans troops out of the military underway.  Is America great yet?

"Harm's"
I'm disgusted with @realDonaldTrump.
He is a Nazi sympathizer
He pardoned a white  supremacist
He has betrayed our country & presidency
to bad we don't have a site to go to to protect us from u and trump and the other goons...all u need to resign..deplorables
Thank you @VP we appreciate your diligence and leadership. You and @POTUS are doing an amazing job 
Some Americans may be too poor to be prepared. Jesus requires we help them.
Agreed. When will you be here?
I will have to contribute financially from the proceeds of my half time job. My free work for immigrants for the Mennonites keeps me here.
Thank you
I'm a Kansan.  We love Texas.  You guys helped us with the wildfires this year.
I think, unlike what's being portrayed, most Americans are generous and willing to help each other no matter what
Congratulations VP on the transgender military ban. We know you have "issues"
Mikey... What would Mother say?

Well done Your Excellency.
is GOD punishing the red states because of their godless ways in believing in trump & perverted evangelists?
@realDonaldTrump you realize most of these people do not have power right?? And most likely don't have time to visit websites!!
ours keeps going on and off in Galveston county
prayers are with all of you
How do you live with yourself? You claim to be Christian yet you support the racist president. How can you look at children of all races?
Everyone is constantly in harm''s way w/current squatters in WH. Good thing we have in place people who know what to do; you two don't.
Not if you guys have a bunch of typos on that website! I think the people would be better off on their own, than trust Trump.
Nice move vice pardon as storm approaches, you guys are the worst pres and vice pres in history of the country

Swamp creatures
Speaking to those who complain.  you go, FEMA.
I feel a schadenfreude when I look at the chthonic deities of the left lost in their widdershins !
Your complicit pence . Totally complicit you new ... always new , keep try to wrap yourself up with god ... ain't gonna work
How about you guys just make sure FEMA is in order to actually help those who'll need it
Why don't you volunteer and go down there and help?
Because I'm currently surrounded by water down here in the storm
I'm not trying to be an a****** but you knew the storm was coming and now you're surrounded by water do you need help?
No I don't. The water will move out soon. I'm fine and safe in my home
Praying for you. We love you
3 Years, 4 Months, 25 Days, 5 Hours, 36 Minutes, and 10 Seconds
Until the next socialist loses?
You guys are weak ...
@freedomcaucus https://twitter.com/treysearuler/status/905824271297118208 …
Or unbelievably cruel and racist sheriffs? #Apario #SetsPuppiesOnFire #RapesKids #butTrumpLovesHim
It grows stronger and more often but Trump denied climatic protection contracts. 
US have a 'very special' president.
.
They love to attack your spelling when they have no retort.
FEMA.  HAS.  A. MEGA. JOB TO DO . NOW WITH ALL THE WORK.  ON THERE. TABLE SO IT S GOING TO  TAKE TIME TO SERVE ALL VICTIM S AFFECTED HARVEY
Man made hurricane. Good job. But nobody knows about the bill passed allowing police in your home with out a warrant. Put that on the news!!

@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Trump changes or lies to fit him.  He does not love us. He is a fake president
.
Yes
All Americans who don't know how to use apostrophes and hate gays have a champion in Vice President Mike Pence.
Omg! A millenual whining about punctuation! That's REAL important!  Gays r 2% of the pop, conservatives about 50...so who's the big  hater ?
What is a millenual ?  Just curious.
Mr VP,  prayers r with Texas. But know that America's Children have been in HARMS WAY TOO LONG > RISING DRUG EPIDEMIC. Shame on PHARMACY IND
Change the old law and make doctors and drug companies responsible.  Stop childrens mandatory vacinations!!!!
In 2005, It was a military doctor who gave R son a lethal combination of drugs which caused him seizures 2this day. Story will be told soon.
The same happened to my nephew.  So sad.  Shame on the drug companies.  God bless you and yours.
Loooooooser
Forget #HurricaneHarvey.  ALL Americans are in harm's way cuz of u and you're Fuhrer @realDonaldTrump. Mother needs to wean u for prison.
Only a liberal could make something bad of this tweet. Hope I spelled that correctly.
We're all in harms way Pence. Getting ready for your inauguration?
Does that include racial profiling?
I'm sure those in harms way will stop to check your website just after they find some electricity. #HarveyWasAnInsideJob #ObamaDidit
Just Americans?? Screw all the others right
Ha'ters get over yourself 'until pe'ople are safe. I also used extra a'p'o's't'r'o'p'h'e's since that is obviously more important than lives
No worries. The OIL Corporations WILL Prosper

Washington Post gets it right! We bash the media a lot. Important to give them kudos for being truthful (for a change). 
#Treason @gop @SenateMajLdr #Turtleface @SpeakerRyan #Traitor
Stupid advice from #TamponPence.. how are youmgoing to gomto,amstupid website without electricity.
We are also in harms way bc of this administration
And the people breaking laws and performing racial profiling... what should they do? Get in line?
& how do they do that when the power goes out..
hi Pence
is this what you would have done?
Never understood telling in a disaster to visit a website. No power, no internet, no chargers. Why we have AAA powered AM radio for storms.
Maybe BEFORE & AFTER?
Possibly?

Polls Show Trump, the Least Popular President Ever, Is Seeing His Approval Rating Sink to an All-... https://www.yahoo.com/news/polls-show-trump-least-popular-154243379.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooNews
I love this President
Thank you Sir Prayers to the good folks of Texas and Louisiana.
Pence, show some nuts, get the ball rolling and invoke the 25th!
While you stand by and let @POTUS pardon evil. The Christian way Mr. V.P. ??? How do you sleep at night??
In harm's way, Mr. VP. Come on - you're better than that.
Bite me

Too bad you guys cut our disaster funding. We could've done better and saved more lives.
Yeah, right.  Spend your time surfing the web in a time of crisis. That Pence guy sounds like he is as stupid as his mentor, Don John.
All Americans are in harms way because of you and the potus #hurricaneTrump
Were you aware that the President was going to use a catastrophic event to cover his heinous acts. You are an immoral man and no Christian
I just visited the site...there was no link about being in harms way from the @realDonaldTrump and his administration!  What gives?
Remember 911.
Yeah, I lived it...what's your point?
They don't have any power ...you are all idiots
You tell em 46 :)
What about the trans communities that are in harm's way? Oh that's right, they don't count right?
Meanwhile pence will do more electro shock therapies on the LGBT community #pencesucks #impeach45
You need to help Make America Great Again too and RESIGN.
Oh so this isn't about @realDonaldTrump , my bad. 2020 #Pence2020
#MAGA #AmericaFirst #Pence #Trump #ThankYou #ThankYouTrump #ThankYouPence
Hard to do that when thousands have no electrical power.
Do Americans a favor, keep your rabid beast on a leash..and I'm not talking about Mother.
Thanks "fake news" for reporting the storm threat and evac orders. Media working 24/7 to save lives. Always have. Always will.
@realDonaldTrump I'M RELATED TO JFK THAT IS JOHN FITZGERALD KENNEDY!!!! 

I thought of that too but wasn't motivated enough to say anything.
Way to help!!  What about people that don't have power or internet service??
It's not the hurricane, it's trump and you and ryan and so on. You are more of a racist than trump, you hide. At least he's honest about it
Do you actually mean only white Americans that the boss you cherish believes in?
Dumb liberals nit picking on this  legitimet tweet where he shows genuine concern is stupid. Get rid of the bias and be glad he cares.
The only thing the American Citizens need protection from is you and your Dictator
Does that include LGBTQ's, Black Americans, and immigrants?
All Americans in harms way, whats up with this President lol seriously Impeach
Please stop
Tell Trump to reverse this.
Okay b*tch boy..
Your administration has left them to fend for themselves
So you only care about Americans getting injured?
POWER IS OUT ...No internet Dumb@$$
Totally. And bloody.ass for critical updates on #POTUS #MAGA  they just let you do it. Wet or dry. Hurricane is kinda wet, right? 

And if they have no power and internet how should that be done?
Every American is in harms way as long as Republicans are in office. Will we find your resignations at the link?
Like you even care, Mr. Pence. You are as involved in treachery as Trump. You mouth mealy memes.  Who would visit any .gov for real help!
We are all in harms way with you asswipes in office
You suck, too.
In all respect, Sir, as their cell phones die & they see no help coming.. how can the people in Houston have a clue that ANYONE cares!
That means all of us under your Administration. We are ALL in harms way with you and @potus around.
If you get killed in a cyclone we'll act but if you're killed w a gun we'll legislate to ensure that continues
All Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should visit US gun deaths statistics website for further instructions
But if you're illegal the Veep would suggest you prepare to be left out in the cold.
Thank you VP Pence and our Great President Trump! !
What about the humans that are in danger that aren't American?
They can just stay and die...
Illegals have a way of disappearing when danger or capture is eminent.
We are all in danger with you and Trumpito at the helm. #resign
only Americans?
Disgusted!
Maybe now the crazy liberal democrats Socialist can blamePresident DJT for cyclone Harvey.
You're telling people who are in the midst of a hurricane to CHECK THE WEB for updates?! Hundreds of thousands have no power...no housing!
So, no immigrants unless naturalized?
