This is an interesting timeline wouldn't you say...it's said 2B just around the time of Manafort & Kushner was meeting wit the Russian; no
The mother my kids mistreating my children and more than my kids is doing drugs around my children.
What’s even more disgraceful is that the @FBI let Podesta/DNC get away with saying no. @FBI didn’t confiscate. Why not??? Since when is a non-government political party more powerful than the @FBI ???
The more they attack,the more we have your back. God Bless you, President Trump.
So that's a thing?, you can just refuse a warranted seizure from FBI?
Wrong as usual. You are disgraceful
And Donald Trump refuses to hand over his tax returns.

Funny, everyone here is talking about how you & Putin are plotting to destroy our country. #TraitorTrump
Podesta didn't have control of DNC. Get your facts straight before opening your mouth
You're not very bright. Hillary Clinton was running the DNC she bought and paid for it that came out in the lawsuit. Obama left DNC millions in debt Podesta was her campaign manager she was running the DNC which means he was running the DNC wake up and get a clue #demexit
Try the facts on 4 size Lyin' Donnie. Only connection between John P & DNC server r in ur head.  John P'a emails were not on the DNC server
Everyone is talking about how embarrassing you are!!!
Everyone over here is talking about why you won't release your tax returns.
NO ONE SHOULD BE ABOVE THE LAW. IF I REFUSE TO RESPOND TO A COP I would get in trouble he should get in trouble also if the law is applied =
Are all these magical poles the same poles that said Hillary Clinton was going to be our next president
NEWSFLASH SCRUMP: The most disgraceful thing here, is YOU. It might be smart for you to crawl out of Putin'd azz & find a new "stage".
Everyone here is talking about how #DonTheCon got played by #Putin. And the beautiful chocolate cake.
Everyone is talking about why you won't give your taxes. Shameful, deceitful, crooked.
I'm sure nooo body talked about this...
I think the FBI should have a look at Don Jr's server
And every other device used by Trump's associates and the upper echelons of the Trump regime.
I was WHY YOU havent released TAXES yet
I guess if you actually used your small amount of intelligence before Tweeting then you would know your statement is FALSE.....
LET IT GO! Get over it!!! She won!  Focus & Do YOUR job!!!
Everyone here (America) was talking what an embarrassment you and Ivanka are.
It will take forever washing the scum off our roads in West Virginia.Stay out of Wv John Podesta.
They got alot to hide that's why
What does word  "everyone " mean to POTUS??
Lock him up where's the special council their talking about it cause you should be doing something about this drain the swamp means that
No Donald. Every one there was laughing as you passed by they know what a fool you are.  And so do we
Like you know anything about grace...
Everybody in country who's not trying to cover 4 Clinton wonders why there isn't a subpoena for the server.
No we're not. We are more concerned with current, more pressing problems. Emsils are a done deal, let it be
"What difference at this point does it make?"  How many times does HRC slide on selling out U.S? It's past time for accountability.
Hillary never sold the USA out. That's Trump.
She's been robbing country and murdering accomplices for 30 years
@Toimatom it's probably CHOCK FULL OF CHILD PORN!!!
Maybe he ALREADY knew what was on it......??????????
Sure they are....
People who focus on others do so in order to keep the focus of themselves.
STILL being talked about
Call a Wahmbulance!  Podesta Molesta said Trump's tweet about him almost caused him to have a stroke!  me a river!
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/12/28/john-podesta-describes-donald-trump-nearly-ruined-vacation-tweet/ …
No, they're not. They're talking about important things, loser!
It makes us all wonder what is being hidden from the American people and who he is protecting.  Government cannot lord over us this way!
There he goes again with his Twitter fetish rumor- mongering and innuendo... Here's an idea, maybe add a muzzle too?
Your one to call the kettle black. Better question is WHY WOULDNT HE? WHATS IN IT????
One must understand one thing.  When Trump says, "everyone is talking about ..." he's referring to the voices in his head.
Because they have something to hide!
Make america great again
Agreed impeach the bastard
How's Jared and Ivanka's private server investigation going?! bahahaha karma
“Pizzagate”: How 4Chan Uncovered the Sick World of Washington’s Occult Elite
                                 
http://tapnewswire.com/2016/11/pizzagate-how-4chan-uncovered-the-sick-world-of-washingtons-occult-elite/ …
WRONG!
5 military deferments. Declares patriot transgenders unfit!  Bonespurs. #donaldpussy
Redirect is not working
Why don't you look at Bohemian Grove.....
No , right now everyone talk about how a 1st lady from another country refuse to shake your hands because she don't even wanna touch you
#Savage
You should hear and pay attention to what else they (there) are talking about...YOU AND YOUR LIES. THAT'S WHAT..
And who's "everybody" besides your sycophants? (that's a big word for ass kisser, in case you don't know)
Because the server implicated many high ranking officials in Paedophile rings, soul cooking, and other activities.
You expect us to believe that that was on the agenda ?  Shouldn't you be working ? #apprentice POTUS.
This is ridiculous twaddle!
you mean molesta john podesta the creep child traffcing, raping little boys
Everyone??
DT - Facts, words, diplomacy, science, honesty and integrity all matter; you are noticeably failing on all accounts
Everyone here is talking about Junior and collusion.  Getting closer to Mueller Time.  Tick Tock.
Time to switch off your TV. You will be better for it
Who was talking about that? I challenge you to come up with just one name of someone other than your deplorable staff. Can't do it, can you?
Now THE WORLD is asking how @realDonaldTrump could not have known that his son, son-in-law and campaign manager were colluding with russia
Dude, you won't even give up your illegal, private, and unsecured phone.
#45  is National EMBARRASSMENT
you are supposed to defend your country internationally i think..
No. We are talking about your son meeting with the Russians!
Fake news from a fake pres.
Everybody here is talking about where r ur tax returns, all ur ethics violations,obsession with Putin, ur constant lies-
Trump's a liar. The only everyone talking is Trump. Trump thinks he's everyone. He's not, Trump is the fake.
Hey, dummy. Are you not paying attention again? If you can't focus, resign!
Who are these people? Some names if you can remember, please.
You do know Podesta didn'the work for the DNC, and that the CIA doesn't operate domestically, right? Right?
Because he is guilty as h....
Maybe it has all his pedophile party business on it!!
That needs to be investigated!    They love to investigate so much, let's look at real crimes Mr. President!  
Fire Sessions, appoint a real AG who will fire corrupt Rosenstein and will expose the corruption once and for all! #DrainTheSwamp
More than "disgraceful," .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump, JOHN PODESTA is one of's most evil & seditious criminals US terribly ashamed is American
YOU SHOULD TALK don, WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS? You are only fooling yourself! wait tell tell the council get your ass in a sling! JAIL!
Why would they talk about Podesta?  That's silly.
By "everyone" you mean you & the voices in your head, correct?
Let's face it, you are a liar - pure and simple - and you are the only one that doesn't seem to realize we're all on to you
I'd love to hear the definition of "everyone".
1- @johnpodesta worked for @HillaryClinton not DNC. 2- Can't refuse give what does not have 3- FBI investigating, not CIA. You are an idiot.
So right

Really?!? They were busy shunning you, doubt you know what was being talked about. My guess, the decline of our nation's standing worldwide.
As IF.
I remember scene just as this where Jesus stood in front of Pontius Pilate as the people brought him down.
only the voices in your head.  #Resign  #Impeach
Who's everyone ? You and Jr. ?
"Everyone here" meaning all the voices in your head?! You're demented.
https://twitter.com/R_Daneel_0livaw/status/969396872824713217 …
Thank you, Mr. President. Please expose Podesta. The people support you.
Really?  You lie, we do have communication with them!  You are the disgrace
Correction: We are talking about
a) idiot Trump denies Climate Change
b) naive Trump colluding with Putin & Russia
c) USA not a world leader
..
....... Moscow airport ...  Trolling hard
..
You are a hypocrite to the gay community @TheVineyardGuy supporting #FUCKTRUMP is disgraceful
Wake up America you have a president that wants to work for you give him a chance not all things are what they seem
Remember, everyone, he's lying to please his ..."base"...They believe his lies and he knows it...................
Not good.
Because they are guilty
What "everyone" is talking about is the fact that you are an embarrassment to an entire nation.
Why can't govt authorities seize it? Get a warrant....
I agree when do we start locking them the hell up
So true Mr. President, I myself made several post about this fact the DNC refused to turn over their servers.  The Truth is in those servers
Liar.
NO Donald, they were NOT !!  You were the ONLY ONE talking about it. 
http://www.thedailybeast.com/trump-aides-on-podesta-tweet-no-idea-what-he-is-talking-about …
Everyone is talking about John Podesta at the G20? Someone is suffering from delusions here.
You're a liar.

Pretty sure that's just another lie
Liar! Liar!
We already know why he didn't hand it over!Guilty!
Is that why we haven't seen your tax returns? Thanks for the clarification. #guilty
Everyone = all those voices in your head?
OMG. Did you correct them? Or did you just go along with the error/lie?
No. They are not.  We know better.
As opposed to discussing how to make our country better
Everyone on faux news.  You on the other hand are a disgraceful president thus far.
Everyone but a Dirty Democrtc Dopehead
Whale everyone else is talking about you're Russia Treason scandal yet you still refuse to resign? Disgraceful!
Maybe because @johnpodesta didn't work for the DNC? Why would he have it? YOU DON'T KNOW HOW THE COUNTRY WORKS! Step down, you embarrassment
Oh yeah...we can see how they couldn't wait to talk to you about it....
Yes disgraceful!
THEN TURN IT OVER!!!! Just like votes total, NOTHING THERE!!

Because He is Guilty as Sin And Terrified!
Pedestal is part of the world pedophile ring ?

http://www.ebay.com/itm/XBMCMART-ANDROID-TV-BOX-FULLY-LOADED-WATCH-ANYTHING-/182648674966?hash=item2a86b59a96:g:OD4AAOSwSypY~O2k …
Delusional mentally unstable POTUS. YOU ARE JUST SAD!  Bigly sad.
Everyone here is asking how a pedophile can be permitted to run for the US Sanate? A man who was dismissed from his position not once, but twice for his blatant disregard. This is wrong.
What's wrong with this guy?
Bcz he's a child predator! !
OVER 7,000 SIGNATURES... Demand DNC Allow FBI to Examine Allegedly Hacked Servers, Now!
http://www.thepetitionsite.com/954/902/161/demand-dnc-allow-fbi-to-examine-allegedly-hacked-servers-now/?taf_id=34578741&cid=fb_na …
Sign and share...
Trump can call the  FBI
The GOP have to grow a pair get rid of Mueller & start investigating real crimes unless they r involved it dosnt make sense # gutless gop
Quit
Everyone here is talking about why @DonaldJTrumpJr refused to give the emails to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful! #COLLUSION
Isn't it you and your thugs who are disgraceful?
Hahahahahaha
Making a statement that implies discriminatory legislation is impending is pretty disgraceful too.
No. Only you because you want to deflect from how you suck as a president.
PLEASE lock this horrible man up! Let him harm no other precious child! Thank you Mr. President!
The dems do criminal things as usual they r crooks. They do illegal things then claim republicans r doing it. Like a cheating spouse
Hmm is this "fake news"?  Why would they talk about that?
FAKE NEWS
Oh Yeah, how about yur tax returns to prove you do not make money off the russians.
