You talked about yourself. Please resign.
Huge drop in stock market! You get an F!
Everybody with a modified pickup truck and an assault record is going to be so sad soon!
Too bad you stole this special moment from these brave men and women to whine about yourself. NO LEADERSHIP!

Didn't you graduate at the top of the class when you were there?
You really are clueless! You just talked about gutting the CG in March &show up for commencement did you tell then they will be out of work?
Great job! Thx for sticking it to the media too! Tired of their games and lies!
Why do you make every speech about yourself?
Did you mention that you were the first president ever to cut their budget.
You're a joke.
also, you're in trouble.. Fyi
How many scoops of ice cream do you need to give out the nuclear codes on twitter?
Still two vanilla scoops so you're WONG!
Beautiful, Mr. President! Is an honor for us to have you as our POTUS! 
You POS. So you know nothing. Commencment speeches are not political rallies.
Get fucked Donny. You just stood up there & whined about how unfairly you have been treated by the big bad media.
You're a joke. Worst speech ever. ITS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT YOU!! Damn narcissisto.
Desperate bots are hilarious!  Triggered beyond belief!
Resign
I love the responses when you tweet. They are bloomin' hilarious. I'll actually miss them when you are gone.
Keep up the great work, a role model to doing what's right over popular; ethics and faith are missing in today's business world.!
You whined about being treated badly, you pathetic man-child. All your problems are self-inflicted! #Resign #ReleaseYourTaxes #TrumpRussia
And you had to fuck it up with your whining! Awesome job Dick!!
Got excited for a minute, but this tweet is written by the grown up who took the fake president's phone away yesterday. #impeachtRump
Yo Donald,waiting for ur Komey memo,response TWEet
Tweet some
Well, considering they had to be told not to boo at you...
Wah wah wah
They should be angry.  All you did was complain rather than honor their accomplishment
For a man who is desperate for the approval of men & women in uniform, it's a shame that you hid from service when it was asked of you
Did YOU serve?!?!
I did serve and it's disgraceful that someone that dodged the draft 5 TIMES is the Cammander-In-Chief.
Thank you for your service Sir 
Uh oh!!  BREAKING!
. Hillary for prison
Joshua 1:9
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and of good courage; do not be afraid, nor be dismayed, [1/2]
Bake cake with file, give up on praying for him not to be arrested for #TrumpRussiaCollusion
How much BleachBit have the Democrats bought since the request for Comey's Memos?
Thought you gone for prayers  in Vatican ???No prayers can Rescue you at this time 
You're going to leave the White House in a straight jacket & handcuffs… it'll be a delightful day for America.
Oh now Willy LeGay boy...your going bonkers. Breathe boy!
You should be ashamed of yourself selling out your country to Russia!  Have the decency to resign before we the people have you impeached!!
You made a speech telling them "you have to act properly" maybe YOU should practice what you preach! What an embarrassment you are!!
U R a pathetic POS! How dare you hijack the commencement of USCG 2 spew your hate and lies! Just when I thought u couldn't go lower, YOU DO!
And back to U, poor thing, everyone is mean, don't know why people care about your conflicts of interest.mommy issues? Give up
Im sure after your speech some are rethinking their career choice. Dont want you as their commander. U will get them killed
Why are you still here?
Actually, don't answer, I don't really care.
So don't tweet him kid
He tweeted at me first!
He abuses all of us.
"The press treats me so unfairly" SNOWFLAKE BITCH
*finally
You're nothing but a turd in human form RS
Ron, I find that statement objectionable and prejudicial; turds have a use in compostiing and fertilizing food crops. 
Whereas djt...?
That's true! RS
life is a joke just remember to laugh
Well lets face it, it's a laugh a minute with DJT in the WH. Just a shame it's so tragic too!
Why laughter is the sanest response. It helps me keep a sense of perspective.
Laughter always appreciated RS
You didn't mention you were cutting the Coast Guard budget to pay for the Wall, did you? Smart move
I feel so sorry for those graduates that had to sit through your uninspiring self serving speech.  They deserved better.
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!… http...
GREAT JOB!
I was wondering if you would make this address about you and of course you did. Do you think you will ever grow up. By the way, I do not.
Great honor to have you as our POTUS!
Trump thanks you for supporting a criminal, a misogynist and a traitor.
And, all you did was cry poor Richie Richie, life has been tough. Phhft, cry me a river and give me a break.
you don't know history
Mr President. It's time u do what your promised. Get rid of the leeches .. both establishment sides r out to get u. Clean house. Now!
If only it was that easy, you can't just fire everybody and then look for replacements.  That would cause chaos.
No u fire the people tactically and create new positions ... most of these jerk offs r there to undermine. Get rid of Ryan keep McCain away
That is a great idea! Anyone who opposes Trump is out the f'ing door! Right?
Everyone not needed and bring in their own team.. it's time he followed the principles
Let's do away with the 3 branches of government. ONLY TRUMP!!! @SLAMonline
Nah checks and balances... I don't want to be like the Middle East or Venezuela
So why do you like Trump? Asking for a friend.
You gave a comcmt speech for grads who are going to risk their lives for our country and made it about yourself. #trump #pathetic
A speech you made all about you. Your level of self centeredness is beyond comprehension.
You whined like a little baby
Horrible & inappropriate speech #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #Treason #ObstructionOfJustice
It was your great honor to not only use the word "Surety" incorrectly, but also to make a Graduation speech that was all about you. #resist
Embarrassing speech.  It ain't about you dude!!!
How embarrassed were the graduates when you turned their big day into an opportunity to cry about how everyone is picking on you?
Love the Coast Guard but can't wait to see you at West Point.. My sister taught their and lived in Cornwall...
It's all about you

What a load of crap, it was all about you. You are a danger to our service members.
And turned it into a woe is me speech
Love POTUS  His speeches are his own thoughts This is message from hearth
This is  same guy who berated women 4having sensitive times of the month. UR A WINEY LIL!.........
Always a pity party for you!!! Ya know, this graduation was not meant to be about YOU!!!! These grads don't care about you!!!
It was my great honor to talk about myself and whine at the graduating class I should have been congratulating. #PresidentSnowflake
Great. speech
How I wish you were going to be at West Point Graduation.  Was looking forward to hearing you.
poor trapped audience having to listen to you whine in self pity, embarrassment
What a sad disrespect to real men & women of service & bravery. This was their moment, a moment to thank & inspire, not drivel and whine.
The IQ of the whole Academy  dropped a collective of 50 pts. when you stepped foot on the grounds.
Is it ever NOT all about you?
graduates were gagging especially blks
#NMP
And I got to whine about how badly I feel I'm being treated...
Someone call him a whambulance.  What a whiny baby.
Where u disgraced their honest hard work with bullshit and lies. #NoClassPresident
Did you show them your bone spurs? Ouch!
we are for you Mr.  President and we will stand and not give up
the kid in school who was scared to talk in front of class stuttered whole time & quit half way through was a better public speaker than you
Your ability govern effectively has being compromised!! RESIGN NOW FOR THE GOOD OF THE COUNTRY AND YOUR FAMILY!!
Thank you for celebrating our servicemen & women. We may disagree sometime, but I will always have your back!! #Nottaking45withoutafight
No one was listening.
great speech!
 Please DO NOT appoint Lieberman head of FBI. He is a Democrat w/NO LAW enforcement experience.
You couldn't even make it thru a graduation ceremony w/ out crying and whining. What a WEAK #SoCalledPresident
Am I ever glad you're the president
Did you mention coast guard budget cuts before or after your self pitty rant?
Beautiful Speech, Seeing you with Coast Guard Graduates was heart-warming, Beautiful Day in New London.
Did you tell them how much you saved them on the F-35? What a moron!
Great speech.
If I went to Liberty I would be embarrassed!!! What a pathetic speech! Ain't that right Jerry?! LOL
And cried like a baby about YOUR problems when it was THEIR day! #littledonniecrys
Might have been an honor for you but they got royally screwed
Your honor, not theirs.  Your pity party sucked.
What about common core in our schools?? Are you going to change that??
9th CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS IS IN VIOLATION OF THE 14TH AMMENDMENT IN CASE 17-70783 BENNETT V. Gilbert 24 yr imprisoned FREE BENNETT
It was all about you you jack ass. #FakePOTUS #StopWastingOxygen
I will be in US
#GREATSPEECH #MYPRESIDENT
Great speach Mr President! Finally someone who actually thinks America is the greatest country in the world
The Coast Guard has never been treated so unfairly. Having to sit there and listen to a man older than most their grandpas, whine and grovel
It should have been your honor if you had any... because it certainly wasn't theirs!
You mean the speech you gave that was all about you and how everyone was being mean to you...? yes, that was impressive and presidential
Thank you Mr President!
Haza áruló
Great job making their day all about you. They actually worked hard to get where they are.
Sad
no one else wants to see it.  no need to share the video.
did they enjoy hearing from the #5xdraftdodgerinchief ?  #impeach #LiarInChief #comradetrump
and you had to whine like a little baby because your sche,mes are getting found out.
Speech was "Aweful"!
Every time Donald Trump, The a-hole  leaker-in-chief talks, I grotestly envision a super large dung. 
THANK GOD we had a NO DRAMA OBAMA!!! NO DRAMA FOR 8 YEARS! HOW DID HE DO IT? YOU COULD LEARN A LOT BY WATCHING HIM ON VIDEOS. YOUR CORRUPT!!
Just this once you could have done it without talking about yourself.  But noooo - that's not how a narcissist functions.
I wish I had been there-I would have walked out on you like I did at the Anthony Robbins thing in Atlanta. You were horrible.
Draining the swamp is a hard job hang in there .your the best waltwilliams
Can that microphone get any bigger lol looks like it would be fun 4u&I to sit on Mr Prez... Congrats coastys see you at your next port call
Sorry you betrayed Israel! Just like all the other presidents....
It's all about you donald. You don't give a fu^k of other people. Stop trying. #YouEmbarassUs
@POTUS @USCGAcademy   Oh really?  Remember the Birther Issue? You Witch Hunt looking for a non existent foreign Birth Cert?
Too bad you didn't have anything to offer to honor the graduates and inspire them in their Coast Guard careers. Instead you mad it about you
God bless our president and resist all these leftist nazis
They LAUGHED at you dummy
WRONG DAMN VENUE!!!!!!
Thank you Mr. @POTUS 45th, you by far are the greatest President of my life time to date, thank you Sir.
You are worse than Clinton & Obama. You never served. What makes U worse is your whining & crying. Jesus gets some BALLS between ur legs.
And you whined about yourself. Embarrassing!!
too bad you couldn't delivery a speech without sounding like a #whinylittlebitch
Quite an honor for them to hear you feeling sorry for yourself on their special day.
U have honor to deliver speech 2 new  CC grads & you talk ALL l about poor, little you...So sad.
Resign
What idiots  believe  that Russia connection story? Who is really  that stupid.  Between  the scumbag  democrats  yes. Definitely.
@JWeismonger
Your speech Donald.. it was all about you!
Yeap.... Trumpito! You fucked it all up by talking about you and your problems at the wrong time and the wrong place.
These poor people had to sit and listen to #donTheCon #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
Well done for ruining the day #poorlamb
and you were an embarrassment to America.
And make it all about you.
Who is Great Job?
now start shooting mexicans that try to swim here!!!
the embarrassment  of the world
Where you mentioned "put your head down and fight?" Sound like a bully or animal. People hold their heads up, assert, do the right thing!
congrats class of 2017 I'm sure it was an honor for them.
Pathetic little man. Your presidency 
is doomed.
Wow. That is some glorious technicolor face/hair there.
Made a speech that was all about you and your daily need to whine.
Outstanding speech! Don't listen to hysterical opposition. They are not America but the opposite. They will be holding the empty Russian bag
Your face is like monkeys face but your heart is like chimpanzee 
