Is this Kim Military Police? She used false claims on my behalf and lied to Dean. The class was bezzeling money using a Skype format that tied to Fred Burton.
Mrs. Trump, 
  I have a sensitive urgent matter, about  our Army in Syrian Desert! Can You PLEASE Privately contact me for the issue at hand
Thank you Madame Ivanka Trump, Mr. Jared Kushner and President Donald Trump for taking care of our military heroes and keeping unity in USA.
Real estate is a great profession to help that along. Work with states for reciprocity.
Dear Madame Ivanka Trump and Mr. Trump Jr. Would you pls review some infos th I have. mbuminae@aol.com  embumina@gmail.com  Elie B. Mbumina
Ivank has no business being in the Whitehouse
You would prefer some lying, email deleting underqualified Presidential ex wife that can't even handle a state dept. without fraud.
RT @IvankaTrump: The Administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce. Thanks Kim for sharing...

@";c cGood4Utah
It will be interesting if listening will result in action. Perhaps some of us military spouses will find employment b4 next PCS!
What would YOU know?   Your dad NEVER served or sacrificed ANYTHING for his country.   #GetoutofWHIvanka
What he does say is a lie when it comes it women.
 The Trump Crime Family is committed to laundering money through Deutsche Bank; scrubbing rubles into greenbacks.  #deutschebank
Anything to back this up? #DeutscheBank

Photo Op. For Ivanka. Using military wives. Sad cannot see.
Y'all phoney sincerity make me sick!!!!
The military spouses should be supported and treated well. Their husbands are serving and protecting this country. They are indeed "heroes".
I totally agree that you all need to be committed.
Fuck her. She's a fucking clothing designer.
You're doing fabulous work! Ignore the ignorant posts about your dad. He's doing a great job!
no hes not tell me 1 good thing hes done then?
Amen Mr. President.
Is Melania too tired to do the first lady role? Tbh I don't blame her.. she definitely didn't sign up for this shit! 
Ok i think we should make all 18 yr join the military made then the young people will respect the United States.
This is why trump is deregulating laws that make corporations and banks  accountable
Where are the millions of jobs created. Also, I sees bill being pass to nationalize America to a right to work state. That sucks.
NUFF SAID  (August 6, 2017; 11:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
gave JARED KUSHNER senior adviser position (August 6, 2017; 11:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
YEAH RIGHT (August 6, 2017; 11:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
I hope you're Dad Mr Trump hangs in there.Pple are cruel! CNN needs something to talk about so it's your Dad for now.
Committed. Great. What are the plans. #putyourmoneywhereyourmouthis  Less talk, more action. Less meetings  more doing.
Starbucks does a good job with this
في ما يخص النصب التمثالية  أقترح كتابة لوحتين  واحدة للمعاتبين و واحدة  للمادحين وبينهم كلمة هذا تريخنا الامريكي . على إبقائها في أماكنها
what about the dod wives we have to move just like military and we are va wives & its kinda the same moving working on base still in danger
Why? Don't do it.
I love mine #mucho
Hhhh
Liar
Daughter of the antichrist
The hiring freeze on bases destroyed many jobs that spouses usually hold.
Really Ivanka? Explain this @realDonaldTrump 5 deferments so he wouldn't have to serve his country & blocks the vets who did. disgraceful
@POTUS  it makes me so said that the media is always trying to hurt your father I will pray for him
ai
Your dad is a very sick man. He does no longer stand for me or my family. Yes I am white
How about Veteran spouses
By sending your husband to have secret meeting with Russia?
"The Administration" is bent on creating widows. When that gutless turd wouldn't serve because his foot was sore. #FAKEPRESIDENT
Unless they're trans. Don't forget that.
This is really nice to see someone hearing these spouses and how hard it is for them to relocate constantly.
Liars. Your rotten daddy is trying to provoke war with the children of poor citizens. He who dodged the draft many many times. You proud?
"Listening session" cuz they've NO PLANS or ideas on how to improve the situation here. We don't work for a dollar a day like her factories.
Lock up mcmasters for bringing known jihadis into the White House !!!!
How?
https://youtu.be/0STS7HBi5Cw 　　 http://p.twipple.jp/cLzQx 

@IvankaTrump
https://youtu.be/0STS7HBi5Cw 
What about the spouses that lost their trans partner in these conflicts/war you call "Success to Greatness"
Can you please be my guess at my church any Sunday at 8302 Renton ave Seattle Wa. Thanks
WOW - maybe "listen" to someone who spent entire career working with / studying this issue. Ignorant Ivanka + 1 military spouse = bad policy
Ur wife is a ho
Ur wife will never be a first lady
https://youtu.be/0STS7HBi5Cw 

@IvankaTrump


God bless you dear
Ivanka.  We just got an original Ivanka blouse donated to our thrift store, sales tag on.  WE HAD A GREAT TIME BURNING YOUR UGLY CREATION.
I'm sorry Ivanka. I don't usually express myself like this but , freany, f--y--.!
Ivanka, when, oh when will you all resign?  Move to the island Elba, Napoleon lived there for a while, so it should suit your father.
Woman has never worked n her life except 4 her daddy or n job her Daddy arranged. What does she know ab reality & average human challenge
@POTUS wtf are you doing besides getting rich off us???  You're a fraud Ivanka. Sad!
Bullshit!  The white house is committed to supporting the Trumps!
You sick father has awakened the beast of hate again. No racism in Virginia. All of you make me sick
I wish that I could tell her what I experienced as a MilSpouse. It wasn't pretty.
@POTUS @Good4Utah I wish all of the newspaper and magazine published the good things about your father
to discuss what we the people feel you and your family are sp out of touch with the American public. u all need a reality brush up.
#militaryspouse here, you leaving the White House would be great support
Want send a quick shout-out to all your family who've served?
Anyone...Bueller...
Javanka idiots n complicit . Go fly a kite. U do nothing, ur husband is a nobody, you'll pay hard
Sinclair station - nothing but propaganda
@realDonaldTrump @Good4Utah Really?How many people in your 24 carat family volunteered to serve?  Stop humiliating yourself.
You will have no support any place when Americans start dying in the war u are trying to start evil one
Why not find someone who understands the issues of military families?
If the economy was "right "women would be able to raise their children instead of warehousing them while moms work to make ends meet
While they make plans for a war that will kill their sposes off.....
Ivanka please, please just go away

I have a lot to share and a passion to help!!
I'm working on a huge project to help the veterans here in BAY PINES FL... LARGEST VA AROUND.. AND THOUSANDS OF HOMELESS VETS TOO :'(
Can I please help somehow? My passion is the Veterans. My husband a Vet & Police Officer. I own 2 businesses & Interview Homeless Vets
Military Spouse of disabled Veteran... Woman business owner 30 years... Thanks you for your work @IvankaTrump. I would live to be a part...
Gee, I could swear this is a picture of Ivanka Trump, not a "Utah Mom" Enough with just photo-ops!
Really @IvankaTrump?  What about other women?  Heard you're working with S. Miller on women's issues.  REALLY?  How do you sleep at  night?
Unless you're part of the LGBT community then you're screwed.
வாழ்வில் ஒருமுறையாவது உங்களை நேரில் பார்க்க வேண்டும்

ILOVE   YOU
What  planet do you live on ??!!!!
Was that Kim Jung Un?

Sorry Kim, he has no idea who you are, what your struggle is and will probably ruin everything because he is an idiot!

E
Why isnt flotus tweeting/doing thi gs instead of sick weird daughter/wife relationship
You know that Michelle Obama did that & more as First Lady, right? Oh..sorry. I keep forgetting the porn model is First Lady. You're...what?
Yes they are so committed to it that they will start a war just so you need help. Isnt that nice of them? 

At what point in time will your father be addressing the death of the 3 servicemen who were lost at sea?  Too busy spray tanning & golf?
The administration is on borrowed time!  #TraitorTrump #GrandJury is coming for the traitors!
I hope there was no pussy grabbing under the sacred Mormon temple garments!
여 너무 조경스럽네요  곁에서 대통령님 내조 하시는거 잘 알고 있어요 이 지구상의 최고의 지도자를 곁에서 지킬시분은 영부인님 박에 없슴니다?.!!!
Where is the Utah woman? Not in picture???

정신 좀차리시고 진정코 중국 압박 못하심은 전세계 초강대국 제일의 미국 자존심이 걸린 문제라 생각 됩니다
No it isn't it wants to cut all of everyone's benefits and lie about it.  
One lie after another this whole family belongs in jail for treason! 

A listening session is for those who know nothing about supporting their country in times of need.
Did you speak to daddy about this, I think he has different ideas. You need to communicate more instead of this farcical m is matched tweets
Well done Ivanka and God bless our brave President.  President Trump is the bravest POTUS in many decades.  http://www.jamiepalumbo.com 
@IvankaTrump & @realDonaldTrump Good thing that meeting and headline will support those #militaryspouses . About all they will get.
The first daughter is a dope.
When will @IvankaTrump move over and allow @FLOTUS be the 1st lady of the WH, not the daughter acting as 1st lady? Women want the wife.
Your daughter is such a wonderful role model for our young women, thank you and her mother for raising such a good mom.
ENOUGH of ur LYING bullshit SLAVE LABOR BOSS!!!!!!!!
.@jaredkushner @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump you guys should expand the raids to trump tower and the White House @NewYorkFBI
Just not the transgender, right? You're family is on the wrong side of history, as usual.
And your role in the WH is exactly what?  Inappropriate!!  Daddy's go to because wife won't?
Just wtf is going on here #DaughterWife
