Come to Mississippi if you want real hospitality!  
We would love to welcome you back.  
MISSISSIPPI LOVES PRESIDENT TRUMP 
Go support @MooreSenate and not the swamp and then I’ll be excited about it. Otherwise...meh.
HE ISN'T SUPPORTING THE SWAMP...
Then he needs to act like it.
Big man, big post, big responsibility always draw big crowd
@NRA @VP @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan    Must change by President Donald J. Trump with NRA is my view. With not and.
Trump Haters really need to get a life.  I know many of them are Snowflakes that can’t deal with reality; but it is really time to seek help.   Trump is going to be a two term President.  Get used to it.  JM
Your ego is bigger than your head
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhahahaahahahhah
#Covfefe
Gonna git them shitkickers to HOOray?  You're still a #FuckingMoron
The crowd sizes make up for your micro penis
According to the Chinese hooker he went to bed with she said it's the smallest penis she's ever seen her life
ick!
If you think 20 people Booing you is a big crowd you're delusional paranoia is getting worse.
Sweet homa alabama!

Who cares
When are you heading to Nambia?

'DOTARD'
Heard the news about Carson, #dotard? Just finished playing golf? Mueller is getting phone records for AF1. Enjoy jail, crooked Donnie
NARRATOR: But it wasn't.
Funeral home?
Like at your inauguration?
WHY ARE YOU SUPPORTING LUTHER STRANGE?  YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE DRAINING THE SWAMP, NOT ADDING TO IT! 
I'd rather see John McCain. Or anyone else really.
To protest you!!
Safe trip Mr. President
Define big
Small rally tonight. I have to say I'm appalled by you and ashamed of you. John is a hero. He always has been and always will be.
haha - this made me laugh out loud :)
right he's gotten more done then any President in History you people r a joke
With you, it's always a big crowd, even when it isn't. Is that how it is with you dotards.
2 Bus lord THATS ALOT OF PEOPLE!$$
Please stay there.
What's the matter with Richard has broken heart 
I bet it's Huuggee


Bot
Except for @jimmyjohns
Freaky Fast
Isn't this a fundraiser gor another Repug?  Palin going to be there with other sundry Repug lowlifes.  Heard a bus rolled in.
Here we go with the crowds again
Please don't forget us we are suffering too !!! But no one seems to care about us !!!!
Lying again, Donald. I think America would have a heart attack if you actually told the truth.
Trump says the fake news media won't show the crowd at his rally — while CNN is literally running a split screen of the crowd. 
Reckoning is coming, and all his trash followers  will have to crawl back under their rocks
You're supporting the wrong candidate. Moore believes in the ideas that you ran on.  Are you just all talk no action?
Alabama is not voting for ur elitist DJT.
Why don't you get to work?  The campaign is over.
Go get em boss!!
So, there's protests there! I bet the crowd is Yuge.
Enjoy your Klan meeting

Because that's what's really important.
Please stay there
Your "bone spurs" don't keep you from rallies? Ali that standing must be hard.  Oh, by the way, are bone spurs a pre-existing condition?
Stop the spread of intellectually transmitted diseases. Stop the spread of Donald Trump. Stop by today for a free covfefe scan.
Moved on healthcare like a bitch, you lose again
did you ever have pimples when you were growing up?
There is at least 28 people here. MAGAGAGAGAGA!
28 people and 45 teeth.
But it is exciting that the Dotard is in Bama. #DotardInBama
Will the crowd be a huge as it was at the Mother of All Rallies in DC?
I hope I never need your professional services since you appear to be a quack & mentally unhinged. Did your MD come from a Cracker Jack box?
According to me, this tweet feels like this one from February 2013: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/306766162446934016 …
You know if you're not interested in what he has to say just don't follow him I love being a part of our presidents daily activities
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
You'll finally get the crowd size you've lied about since Inauguration Day. 

#Impeachment Day & it will look something like this#Mueller
Will Impeachment Day become a treasured national holiday?
The best, biggest most fantastic very very yuge holiday period!

We can call it 2nd Independence Day. 
Trump took a shot at @kapernick7. Where Trump is ok with the confederate flag but kneeling to support racial justice is unpatriotic.#Resist
I'm with @Kapernick7.  I have sung the National Anthem or pledged allegiance to the flag for 45 years.  We are not the land of the free.
The #MAGA movement has become bigger and stronger than ever before! We stand with President Trump 100%, he's making a great impact! 
The #MAGA movement is built on LOVE. President Trump is protecting America & its people - the winning has only just begun. THANK YOU! 
President Trump is focused on JOBS, security, military, etc. Best economic numbers in years since the election - ALL ABOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN!
Hey Seth get ready to fight in Korea...

McCain is a liar who serves nobody but the Swamp.

Trump is making America Great Again while Hillary is running a free sample stand at Costco.
We must put our vets above Illegals!
Agreed, when is @realDonaldTrump going to do that?

The Russians hacked and influenced the election. To your benefit. This is why you protect them. #ImpeachTrump
What a Real President would say:

Russia interfered in our election - we must unite to stop it - as Americans!
Trump obstructed justice

not just Flynn's personal crimes but FBI National Security Counter-Intelligence probe

Bragged to the Russians
Support Doug Jones - Dem candidate for #ALSEN
prosecuted KKK bombers
Donate:  http://dougjonesforsenate.com 
@GDouglasJones
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/doug-jones-senate-seat_us_5914b852e4b0031e737c261e …
Trump backing Loser Strange Luther
Wacko Roy ahead in race to bottom

Doug Jones!  Dem for Sanity in #ALSEN
Donate:  http://dougjonesforsenate.com 
Trump backing Corrupt Establishment Loser Strange Luther
Embarrassing Roy even worse

Doug Jones pulling ahead
Alabama deserves better than Strange Luther or Embarrassing Roy Wacko

Doug Jones
Vote  DEC 12
Follow @GDouglasJones
Derrrrrrr, stop calling the far right stoopid!  
Are they the biggest crowds ever?
What's bigger?  Your crowd size or the huge loss you suffered today at the hands of John McCain!
Looks like this lady and the rest of America won today thanks to McCain
John McCain has proved to have the heart of Mother Teresa, the badassness of Chuck Norris & the Sharpness of Walter White!

YOU ARE THE MAN
John McCain -- the man Trump always wanted to be.
But he is too big of a coward to serve anyone but himself!
Tamil
Alabama...the most racist state in the union!
Sweet Home Alabama...
MUCH LOVE TO YOU!!! 
#DeleteTheElite 
#EndTheFed 
#POTUSHasTheAuthority
Of course, it's Republican. Go to a Democratic state and see what happens. LOSER! You DIDN'T win the popular vote, get over it! LOSER!
Did you see the new HC Bill takes billions away from blue states?
Yes, I did. I so wish he would resign!
Nobody gives a fuck about your crowd dotard.  Get off of Twitter and run the country plz

Wish you hadn't come back...
Resign
#TinyDotardDon at the helm inflating with hot air again...
We are coming for you #TakeAKnee

You are supposedly president of the USA. Stop with the pathetic, divisive rallies. Show some integrity!
No one cares. What are you trying to compensate for, when referring to crowd size? Mellie wouldn't know.
big crowd? did you count to ten using your fingers? Im sure you cant see or reach your toes!

Reinstate all IDs required to vote to eliminate you the party a bigotry and all other slander benefited by the Democratic Party successfully
Two people is not a big crowd. And you can't count your wife.
All the kkk supporters huh?
Alabama is a perfect place for you.  STAY THERE.
Why are you touring?
Big Crowd?????
But what about our US citizens in Puerto Rico? What have you done for them lately?
They are all coming to see those tiny hands of yoursPlease pay someone anyone to give you a decent hair cut. If your part gets any lower 
Big crowd only in your head!
Stop attacking sports figures exercising 1st Amend rights! You are wasting time better spent elswr & it's hurting you! Pull it together man!

Why does size crowd size matter? You don’t want anyone discussing the size of your tiny hands...
What is it with you and crowd size? You should be thankful anyone goes at all.
Let Obamacare collapse.  Move on !!! The 4 abstaining face re-election as liars.
The dumbest president ever!! This ain’t about u and crowds
We don't want you here, please never come back.
Actually, can you head to Puerto Rico, where there's an even bigger crowd awaiting disaster relief?
A big crowd of 150?
Bid crowd...small hands how will you manage 
Stop spending taxpayers funds to campaign to your shrinking base

You are so obsessed with the size of things! #pathetic
lier, small crowd, very small!
The Emperor's ( #Trump ) New Wall. #BuildTheWall is a carrot he dangles in front of his devoted. He'll never deliver but he'll claim victory
#Trump 's ever evolving Wall. It started as a tag line given to him to keep him focused but the crowd loved it.
Where you are needed is Puerto Rico! You really need to check your priorities
That's it!
. May God forgive us for allowing the Russians to put you in office.
Your crowd and Alabama was miniscule
Wonder why?
So what, size is definitely not everything
The big crowd is the ones who don like u. The tiny crowd of Teabagging freakazoids,  that's your people Donny. Get out of OUR HOUSE YOU ....
But can they read? Spell? THINK? #ImpeachTrump
Tiny hands
Malarkey
No there was NOT a big crowd. You spew fake news. However there was a tremendous protest at trump tower. Guess you missed it. They hate you.

Tiny crowd of tiny dicks for the tiny person with tiny hands  you’re a joke
liar
Big crowd mt, you know what
Have a good trip and don't come back here no more.  Ya hear?
Tell us more about the crowd.
Who fucking cares about your crowd? Be a good president first.
That's actually your hands moving in front of your face.
You have an unhealthy obsession with size...
Hopefully it's not windy there. Your father is rolling over in his grave seeing what you've done with his money and the country he fled to.
In your dreams, pal
Is the crowd bigger than the population of Nambia?
This moron took politics to new parameters. Crowd!!! What if people find him funny and enjoy his acting on stage.
Say hi to your 25 supporters
Why do you only stay in the Easter/southern states and not western?? Is it cuz u know u get heavily criticized out here.
*eastern
As big as your hands? HA
Nah, mate. This is a big crowd...
Why you always talking about "BIG"? Somethin's wrong w/ you!
Stop campaigning. Most Americans have zero confidence in your mental health or ability to keep us out of nuclear war!
Good luck sir I don't vote not in a corrupt game they're stunned you one your not part of the government prior to election not problem you
As big as your "Little dick"
big like your hands...
@realDonaldTrump is preoccupied with size.

I am saddened to see so many douche bags pulling against our country. It is really sad to see.
When you get to Alabama keep on going
bunch of f7cking rednecks. where are those jobs you promised them. fake president. Stefh Curry is more popular than you are!!!!
Big White crowd.......... (Go to Puerto Rico if you're president for all Americans. ASAP.)
#ImpeachTrump how much money did you raise at this rally for your 'reelection campaign' to pay your legal fees? #POTUS
#shutup
Big? POTUS can't count. Telepromter Trump is at it again.
Down to Alabama..  does anyone with any sense of intelligence still believe in you?
Walk in the ways of Jesus Christ...
For your interest read Revelations 11 4 through 12 might help you understand me and get her more understanding at what time. You're in USA

Of course it's a big crowd. 
U r an idiot.
Hide His word in your heart... So to not sin against Him...
You are one sick meglomaniac, Donnie.  Crowd size appears to be your number one priority.  Substantive issues appear to be irrelevant.
Clearly you and Napoleon have a great deal in common.Small Man Syndrome. A preoccupation with SIZE.
So did all 200 people show up? That seems to be the size of the latest tRump rallies...
A big crowd doesn't mean much when all of them are related to each other!
Stop the Chemtrails GMO food and fluoride water  f.....
I love how you always have to lie about your crowd sizes! keep telling yourself that. #WorstPresidentEver #Impeach45 #pathologicalliar
Best Racists ever!

No support for Moore proves one of the following: a) not doing your homework. b) listening to wrong people. c) gone globalist/deep State
Was it as big as your Inauguration Day???
@MooreSenate #BigLutherComey 
You're`inability to discern between what is indeed large and not so much is pure BS.  Loser.
Stop saying that! #overselling
Did it look like this..
What are you doing for the people of Puerto Rico? You are wasting our money on rallies and golf instead of governing.
Why are you always looking for a big crowd, compensating?
You won!  Quit holding rallies!  Start GOVERNING!
Who cares mr. USELESS.
Only thing big is  your imagination.
And your Tiny hands!
doubt it
