What you SHOULD be concerned about, Mr. President, is if your ideas are wins for the American people. Repealing the ACA would not be.
I'm not a math expert, but I'm pretty sure they already have 51...I know what you mean, but do you???? #commoncoremath
You can't always get what you want, but if you try some times, you get IMPEACH!!!
Wrong.  You look like an Orange Fool, and are wasting America's TIME!!
BREAKING...

They are wasting time
So, if I don't agree with YOU,  I am a FOOL?
Me thinks it's the other way round. 
Get over yourself......
It's not the senate republics who look like fools.   Respect the constitution.
Fools?  Look in the mirror honey! 

#BogusPotus
Your a fool running a country via twitter!
Thank you for the opinion no one asked for. Stop whining and do some presidential stuff to HELP people. That'd be cool.
After 8 years of vacation time, you actually expect these entitled leaches to get off their butts now? Tie everything to a raise.
Trump putting your signature on a bill without reading or knowing how it will affect million Americans is not a win....sad

*THEY* look like fools? Lol. Surely you have a mirror in that gilded fantasy world of yours.
Agreed. The problem is they don't have enough seats. The failure of repeal shows the weakness of the Republican Senators.
Hahahaha....Yeah for real!
OMG can we start impeachment for health reasons @SenateGOP? You only had 49 votes this time so 51 wouldn't help you anyway!!!!!
Wait! Are you criticizing your own party? No one goes unscathed!
Everyone in Washington is a fool.
Traitor
You want to change the rules because you know you can't win. #FakePresident
No you look and are a fool.
No. You look like the fool (because you are)
Speaking of wasting time, isn't there a golf course waiting?
They are fools.
McCain is a turncoat
Are you forgetting you claim to be a Republican too?
Republicans or you that propused everything and have done nothing?
They can't win WITH the 51 majority either as was proven a few times recently.
No, you are the #FoolOnTheHill
Good morning @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP , here's YOUR president calling you "fools" & "time wasters" on social media. Enjoy.
Strange that it has worked well all these years to promote balanced bipartisan legislation
You're the lead clown in this circus.
Oh please you will look like fool with them. It starts from the head
See, Congress is supposed to work together to achieve things via compromise. Making deals. Sadly, you don't know anything about that.
Sad. Wasting...I pray for you sir. May God in Heaven give you strength daily to stand. And having stood, continue to stand. Eph6:10-19
Respectfully that's called checks and balances and democracy. Try not to forget you were 3 million votes short in your election.
You look like the fool.
The Republicans who vote for the people look like heroes and good people
And the republicans couldn't even get 50 votes so good luck with all that nonsense.
Dot dot dot, what's coming next? How many rage tweets will you tweet today? 15? 20? Good way to spend taxpayers money.
You need to accept the fact that you are a horrible leader who has no knowledge of the bills up for voting and who alienates everyone round
You've pissed off the wrong people who will not be bullied or pressured by you. Now you have enemies in your own party. Horrible "CEO".
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just w...
U need more meeting with your kids ie republicans....u need need lock step you agenda....U own white house and both house  and senate....crafting bipartisan with dems as u can ....bridges with ur party....find a group that can work together to help ur agenda
No “we” don’t
You're happy with Trump?
Yeah, I am. He's done more good for this country in 6 months than Obama in his entire 8 years.
He's definitely done more lying.
Proof?
The proof is in the pudding.....fuck where’d I put the pudding...
Well, I haven't had a single fact from anyone so far. I believe I'm done here.
you need xanax
Plz tell me about this
about xanax?
Yes.  I. Do.  Believe.
Need term limits
Yes some of the republicans need to go along with the dumacrats.
Senate Repuglicans are fools and are wasting time. There I said it!
who asked for your opinion!
Jews are banned from entering 16 Muslim countries, no one utters a word. Trump says to ban Muslims from entering US & the world goes crazy!
There's less than 300 people that are Christian worldwide
Life goes on & God choseTrump for His purpose. Oh well 
Are you certain there are fewer than "300 people that are Christian worldwide..."?
Only if you're a member of the Westboro Baptist Church. It's set-in-stone doctrine.
I agree with you 100%.
Only look like fools if they support ill-conceived, mean-spirited pos legislation
As president your guidance to your party is paramount in any situation your clear desifive  agenda.....you need to to treat disfuctional govt like kids...repeat ur direct guide lines.... the govt has  become disfunishenal like smart kids running amuck
Wasting Time is their Plan. Dump both Ryan & McConnell. Both swamp monsters and McConnell is the Mayor of Swampville.
Many of them are involved. 3 different congressmen gave signs for Comey to "Shut His Mouth"& "You Owe us!"& "Your Life"as he was sworn in.
#dividedwefall
McConnell will never give that to you!  He is not your friend!!!  The only way he might is if WE THE PEOPLE drive his office crazy with phone calls, letters and send notes on FB and TWITTER.....just load them down!  I want him gone!!! He and Ryan set you up!!  Not forgiven!!!
MAKING AMERICA GAG AGAIN.
No, Donald. YOU are the biggest fool in Washington. The most profound goofball who has ever inhabited our sacred Oval Office.
Dufus, the repeal only needed 50 votes plus the VP.
Ur the biggest fool of all. Reps r turning on u
You should practice what you said. TV personality and actors should stay out of politics.  Looking in the damn mirror and get out of office
Lame @SenateGOP waisting taxpayer money. They should be made to use Obamacare since they seem to like it so much.
they certainly have made you look like a fool and they have and continue to use you  and you dont even know it..."fake" president
Mr.President your war with democrats are in a different realm which you and them knows perfectly but you will be forced to blow the led.
You are a BIG fool and are wasting the worlds time.
Time for @GOP to disavow Trump. Long past due.
Luther Strange wants to keep 60 vote rule. Why endorse him? He was a lobbyist for 10 years. He more of swamp.
They are not the fools, fool....
Why not just send your agents to the capital and execute anybody that votes against you? That what your comrade does!

Just like YOU
Btw, how's that "run the country like a business" plan going for you? Have you noticed that it doesn't really work that way? #YouzSmart
Just give it up already and ....... soon with the name calling.
The only fools you should see is your reflection in one of those 180 degree dressing room windows
You reek of desperation
Sir, pull out the "pen" & stop Congress' subsidies, let them have to live under the rules they force on citizenry!
U look like a fool and u don't need to be talking about wasting time when you're saying so on TWITTER.
This is not football, this is humanity which requires dignity, respect, collaboration, good effort--not threats, name calling, contests.
You act like being president is a game!
Look like fools?? Are fools!!
You're the fool, cupcake.
Waaaa! I'm not getting what I want! Waaaaa!!! Amazing how people don't want to blindly follow the next Hitler.
Tell McConell and that loser Ryan to initiate it
You're the fool.....you don't even know what was in the health care they proposed.   No one in their right mind would want that health plan.
We all look like fools because you are our president (despite all of our efforts to wish it away).
Mitch McConnell is part of the swamp. #termlimits
why must we lower our standards for you? Obama passed lots of bills w/o cheating.
They ARE fools for still keeping you afloat. There weren't even 51 POSITIVE votes on this horrible healthcare bill. It won't get better.
Republicans in the senate will never win.
Have you ever thought that maybe the AMERICAN PEOPLE DO NOT WANT THEM TO WIN?
It's time to plead with the Lord for help !
You are the one who looks like a fool. Every time you open your mouth or tweet!
You calling your republicans fellows FOOLS!!  Way to get on board with you!  Hope all the senate turns on you!
You are wasting my time!
Your constant Twitter ranting is exhausting.
People can be proud to support & stand with. The path you're taking is embarrassing to yourself, the USA & the world.  Stand up & Unite
Why, in God's name, would the American people want the Senate to change the time honored way it has operated
Hate to break it to you Chump, you don't make the rules here this time, WE the People do.
You said it. They follow you. Therefore FOOLS
응
Lol, hey look guys, the president doesn't understand how literally anything in govt works! Who's surprised? Show of hands. Anyone?
Really  Mr. President? Fools?
is this the president calling republicans fools? the country is viewing the president as a lying distrustful fool. MickeyG
No need for a Senate and House if they do they. They would be the same. So save money - get rid of the House?
Stop manipulating American institutions. You aren't smart enough, despite what daddy left you.
You are the fool @realDonaldTrump and the entire world is laughing at you and your incompetence
Better to look a fool, than to act and talk like one, fool.
Their 7YRS of 52 #repeal votes was all for show to get $$/reelected, obviously. I've never seen a bigger group of cowards in my lifetime.
if we used 51% in the election you would be sitting in trump tower crying like a baby
@POTUS  YOU ARE THE FOOL!
Your the fool
Winners don't always cone in first
You are the only fool at the White House. RESIGN!!!!!!!
Sickening that they stab the people who.put them in office in the back time after time.
U r the only American FOOL!
They have for years why not now?  Oh you mean you will never win! That works for me Sir
If the republican platform was so great, they could get 60 votes.
"@POTUS" is actually better off losing on healthcare, I'm sure DOA Trumpcare doesn't cover burns
Don...this is the kind of thing I want Jared's innovation team to work on... removing inefficient day-to-day operational rules like this.
Said the king of the fools#tangerinenightmare
Ya,ya, ya,ya, trump is, and not looks, like a baboon wasting time, until he'll be run out!
God of Israel and Jesus is with you sir please go ahead with your programs. They opposed king Jesus too
Look in the mirror to see the biggest fool #shipoffools
You are the one who is wasting time. We don't need rule changes. We need leadership "of the people, by the people & for the people." Not you
You are patently worthless, and entirely regrettable.
Go away.
The Dems didn't need to change it to get the ACA passed........ But if you can't win within the rules, change em.  Good sport
You are the fool. If you really love your country resign you crooked fool
Den of liars, SAD
They have been looking like fools for years now very disappointing
Why are they wasting time? We in South Dakota pressure our Senators every day. The Nation needs to do the same.

As John McCain said, the Senate is not your lackey. They are not the fools in this endeavor, you are.
Remember when you said you like Winners. Who's the loser? You are, yes you are. 
 #ByeeeDonald
Respectfully disagree Mr. President Sir, they look like repubicants who are inept & ineffective unlike demoncrats.
Actually, you are the one looking like a fool. Sorry.
How's the crime rate going in Chicago? 
Now he thinks he knows better than Congress.  He's just a sore loser because they are following the rules, but then Trump dosen't know rules
So in other words...you favor Authoritarian rule? 

#MondayMorning #Corrupt #Fraud #Liar #Nepotism #cronyism #TrumpMustGo #TheResistance
Senators, are you listening?  He's calling you fools. He is accusing you of wasting time.
You have a previous tweet from the past for every tweet you tweet now that contradicts your now position. Your such a hypocrite.
Do you really believe you're making the senators and the house want to pass shit for you? Jesus, you're supposed to lead your damn party!
Newsflash: You are the GOP.
You k ow all about looking like a fool
They are fools and they are wasting time.  Most days, the only elected official in DC dedicated to the people is you.
That darned bipartisanship, eh? #quityourjob
Not everyone is as vain as you Donnie. Most people prefer a balance of power. The intent is to withhold power from wannabe dictators-hint...
Im shocked some of the quieter members have not kicked ass of anyone even hinting they will not vote for what the people running oromised
Julie it's an embarrassment to say the least. How they can show their faces is beyond me.  #Gop embarrassments
Fools like their leader DJT
E Hardy:(london)writer.Want tokeep u guys solidly classified,Stop pretending you're just a guy offthestreet. yrbeingpaid
Thanks Brother President Donald J Trump Doing The Right Job Just Get the Leaker The Fuck Out Are White House Like We talked Yesterday
Everytime you and your posse start writing 'blame posts,' you're wasting time that could've been spent doing a better job
