Dear Donald Trump, you are the president or symbol of power without authority.
No sir. It is not congress's fault.  When history is written, the sanctions bill that has done so much damage, will have been signed by DJT.
Like 2 KEEP sanctions on Russia 4 their election tampering as well as stunting their ability 2 make more  on oil prices rising etc.
As for "our" relationship with Russia we all know you and Putin or Big Daddy P as you call him  are lovers. Stop denying!
Go to #Moscow and take #MSM - put on huge positive event. I recommend you acknowledge #Unacknowledged or at least #LENR
Four words: Cuban missile crisis, jackass.
Maybe changing the channel from Fox to a history program might help, you muppet.
Let's vote the republicans out that don't want to play ball.
no you fool they messed with our democracy and you keep worrying about how it makes you look worry about America not Russia
Override them Sir!Youve the ability to call them out,&Do what needs to be done.
yeah and impeachment will be a given then genius.
Oh, do go on. Only idiots buy that drivel, #Putinspuppet. It's dangerous in your mind because, #Sanctions. Get over it.
Russia is not a friend. Why don't you move there and that will maga
So what you're saying is, "Republicans suck."
Declare a national holiday!
1st thing our so-called President ever got right.
Yet they  could all agree on RUSSAN SANCTIONS. WHAT A JOKE!
Good. It needs to remain low.
OOH I KNOW TRUMP DIDN'T SAY THAT HE TRIED TO TAKE THE ACA Affordable Care Act away and then blame it on Congress fucktrump
we all remember when you blamed Obama for making relations with the Russians at the level of the cold war.
No. You can thank Russia!
AND FUCK RUSSIA, AMERICA HASN'T NEVER BN SCARED OF THEM MFRS..YOU JST WANT THAT RUSSIAN GOLDEN PISS SEX TAPE...YEAH YEAH  "WE KNOW" "WE KNOW"
I THINK ITS HILARIOUS THAT YOU HAVE TO USE BOTS TO GET ANY POSITIVE REMARKS FOR YOUR TRAITOROUS ENDEAVERS. YOU BASTARD !!!  I'M NOT A BOT. I HATE DRAFT DODGERS AND TRAITORS TO OUR CONSTITUTION AND ATTACKS ON IMMIGRANTS (WHICH YOU ARE MARRIED TO) AND PEOPLE NEEDING HEALTH CARE
All time low because we have an ‘all time loser’ president. Wait till he starts trouble after the SOTU speech tonight. He’ll rail against Democrat response. 
98-2 Senate passed the Russian Sanctions bill -- @SenMajLdr What do you say Mitch?  Is the Dotard really like Jello, like @senchuckschumer says?  

#TraitorousPOTUS - siding with Russia again over the US.

419-3 in the House -- how about it @SpeakerRyan?  Find a spine.  
#Girther
Lol

Maybe if you don't make Jerusalem the capital of Israel this would be prevented!
If you think it is low now wait until you’re in prison and we implement the sanctions while shutting down their trading until they have a true democracy and support human rights around the world.
I agree.  Congress has helped ruin our relationship with Russia.  Crimea has been historically a part of Russia since 1790.
Hurts my head reading tweets of ignorant people. No understanding of Geopolitics. fuck. Should have never made a twitter again. . .
Well, in this instance I agree with Trump.
They gave us bipartisan health care. It's called the ACA.. which you have been sabotaging
You blame congress and not Russia?! How unpatriotic is that?! @bjohnson613
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that c...
Well let’s be honest Mr. Trump you intentionally sabotaged our healthcare & now millions will suffer & die without it. #TrumpCare is on you.
My God. I don't believe he's ever had character or integrity. #MAGA #BlackTwitter
Us?! What "us"?! You have excellent health coverage, your welcome, and don't even need it based on your supposed wealth.
As leader of our country, the honor falls to you for having driven our Russia relationship further in the ground.  Your fault, not congress.
Does anyone realize that 90k of those likes are from bots???
Not me 
Youre not a bot or you dont realize most his likes are from bots?
Oh I know half of his followers are likely bots 2 but Trump's ego won't allow him 2 admit it & his Trumpkins think it's a lie. 
;o)
We thank you., since you sold out to them & then weren't given your way.
Maybe you shouldn't have promised to give Putin our country.
Hey, banjo butt, we have pretty good health care no thanks to you so lay off congress.
Donny, sorry abt ur Tower. Putin attacked our Democracy. Putin Bad. Democracy Good. Traitors Bad. ImPeachment Good.
#krompomat
Resign no war with career TILLERSON DOING THE RIGHT THING WITH KOREA
no thank you DJT YOUR AT AN ALL TIME LOW YOUR THE FAILURE THIS PRESIDENY NOT ABOUT YOU THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER EVER
This is the man you want to be friends with.
Putin's Russophobic regime has just erected a new monument to Stalin who killed millions of Russians. 
Mr president, Please keep going. doing great. dont let the bastards drag yah down. lots of us support you
All there looking for is to go on vacation. They will be looking for jobs in 2018
Blaming lawmakers who punished Russia for a cyberattack on our election, or blaming Russia for sticking a saber in heart of our democracy?
May we find our delight in the Lord, and His love. Amen  ( Ps 37 : 4 )
Ahhh!  Did Putin get angry at his new besty?
Really? Lower than during Non-Aggression Pact with Nazi Germany or Cold War? Silly!Russia deserves sanctions for Crimea & election hacking
Watch as Dirtbag Donald Trump passes the buck.

This sign was on President Truman's Oval Office desk.

Truman accepted his responsibilities.
Hmmm I kinda agree with him. Congress has done anything and everything to not improve relations with Russia.
The mission of American public diplomacy is to support the achievement  of U.S. foreign policy goals and objectives.
https://www.state.gov/r/index.htm 
Where does it say we cannot have better relations with Russia?
Of course we can, but foreign relations are Rex Tillerson's job.

If he can't do it, Donald should find someone else.
True but how is he supposed to go and talk when Congress keeps on putting tha sanctions and keeps on blaming Russia of meddling - no proof
Russia may or may not deserve some sanctions.

1. They ARE a nuclear-armed country.
2. They HAVE been our enemy sometimes.
So has been Iran and China.
I thank you for this, but I don't blame them. You haven't given them what you promised in election either I'm sure
You are the POTUS. If relationship is low & dangerous it falls on your shoulders. BTW, Clinton has a health plan. Where's yours?
Let's see more Turd-in-Chief transcripts!  Great job at making US a global laughingstock.
Yes, Congress woudn't let u repay ur debt to Putin and nix the sanctions. Now Russia says u must be eliminated. must b scary for u! so sad!
#RepealandReplaceCongress
Put in is a dictator who has stolen billions from his own people and murdered any opposition. And that's who you want to emulate?
You are wrong, Americans do have Health Care.
Now we can see all the strings, you oversized orange marionette!
Now we know about the secret satanically depraved lives of top people in the DNC. (2)
3 more recent Clinton related murders including Mr. Noonan, a pilot for the Clintons. Pedogate and Haiti investigators/witnesses murdered.
Making lots of allies aren't you loser? Worst "negotiator" in history.
Russia if you're listening release Trumpinsky pee pee tapes. Thanks in advance.
I do thank Congress for protecting us from you removing Sanctions with your Russian buddy and where's your Healthcare Plan?
Your buddy Putin needs a couple strokes from Donny
Russian vote hacking in 39 states, Russian radio station in DC, Russian oil deal, POTUS/GOP serving Russian interests - US/Russia very cozy.
You are a Russian puppet
GOOD - RUSSIA IS NOT AN ALLY DUMMY
The GOP is not loyal to you. 
Get rid of them! 
Get revenge! 
Replace them w/democrats! 
That'll get their attention!
Would you just move to Moscow already you treasonous Putin puppet

we can thank you for being putin's little pawn
Nice try. You screwed up everything in the first 100 days. Total loser Trump.
You mean hair care cause you don't need it for your wig you need a new one
Aw, someone is sulking again. Man baby Traitor Trash in the oval office. Selling more hats. Inciting violence against Democrats. POS.
: The anti-Russian rhetoric of Congress proves how deeply addicted to Chinese outsourcing we are.
The Congress which supports outsourcing is the same Congress supporting immigrant labor.
However..America is missing the factories which absorbed immigrants in the past..!
Obama's and Congress' Alt-Leftism is outdated..an America which currently doesn't exist..!
Globalists/NWO.    DO NOT want USA and Russia to get along. For the same reason they don't want B's and W's to get along.

Are you afraid that Russia won't be able to hack the next election? Don't worry--you will be in FEDERAL PRISON by 2020! #CrookedDon
@Aatthy I was a fan of yours. Bog disappointment
You continue to prove insanity

The Progressives on both sides are responsible over Russia stopping installation of MB govt in Syria. Stupidity
You sign it

The scandal gave a jump in circulation, which means money from nothing.
You just wanna  #Putin #TrumpRussianCollusion
And how the news and the people that work next to u talk some bad stuff . They lost there power . Lol .
So you take credit for good things that you had nothing to do with, but bad things that you're to blame for are other people's fault. Got it
Sir , what makes me pissed is that we have cntrl of all branches n we can't nuclear as foodstamp bill.  For Christ sake!
Sir, 
Putin knows it was Congress  and the Sabre rattling is what I expected of him.  The man is clever now he has politico spies N knows
We wait out this fuckin investigation /they got nada!  Russia hates Clinton n wanted u in. They and us will come around.  But patient.
IT was not and IS not because of Congress. You will be impeached your a traitor to our country.
and you
I hope you are remembered as a success as a president and that you are re-elected! :)
Thank God Congress picked up on your treasonous behavior.   RESIGN.
Mr. Pres. You can handle it!  You're smarter than the generals...General Mills!!!
No, we can thank YOU for putting our country in the direct line of danger. Take responsibility for once in your life, would you!?
I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for him to do the right thing. Doing the wrong thing and blaming others is more his style.
He'll never take ownership of his terrible decisions. What a child.
That's insulting to children. Mine know better. 
I bet President Dumpsterfire was a petulant child. Jeez, never thought we'd have a wannabe dictator as #POTUS
Gotta look after your Russian backers hey DT? They can have you, off you go!
You are the problem sir.
Thanks @BarackObama
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous  low. You can thank your mum
You should be more interested in your relationship with our allies than your Russian friend.
Idk about you, but I already have health care.
Never has a man with nothing to hide worked so hard to hide it
Blame the left and their false natrative, useless investigations, games, and fear of going to jail for corruption! TAKE THEM DOWN @POTUS 
They should all be fired! They are working against us and personally I'm SICK of them!!
lol but he was the one who hired them in the first place. How ironic
Comrade Drumpf, just say Nyet.  You are a traitor to America. #FakePresident
No, we can thank you.  Congress and courts are all that's keeping the US from becoming a mirror image of Russia, правда?
They enjoy their lives  too much
HOW PRESIDENTIAL
Congress is DELEGATED to WORK for the PEOPLE. WAKE UP "AMERICA" and DEMAND they WORK for US! #KnowTheConstitution
Mr Trump, take away their HCare subsidies, make them feel what we the People have to go through everyday
I love how idiots do no research, even anonymous says that Trump didn't like this but had no choice and the deep state is running things
Have a nice day, Donald! We (common Russian people) really not understand that you can't carve up with our country,mb you explain to me
Do you even hear yourself? You have completely lost touch with reality Lying Donald.
why did you sign it ?
Stupid tweets like this overshadow anything positive U achieve.
U r the stereotypical Bully.U belittle all.
#Respect=Respect
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Wants us to have @HillaryClinton Healthcare plan.... I love this guy!
all these  comments against you  they are infantile they should grow up
Keep up the good work ! We don't listen to the idiot media. Fix the problems which is your objective. There are so many of us that support u
he's TURNING "healthcare" in2 HELLcare (August 3, 2017; 8:18 EDT) #TRUMPCARE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP  #FAIL
,...which trump now calls "HCare...," (August 3, 2017; 8:18 EDT) #TRUMPCARE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP  #FAIL
as far as THIS is concerned..., (August 3, 2017; 8:18 EDT) #TRUMPCARE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP  #FAIL
FARTHEST thing from a patriot (August 3, 2017; 8:18 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP  #FAIL
he's STILL DEFENDING (August 3, 2017; 8:18 EDT) #VLADIMIRPUTIN #RUSSIA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP  #FAIL
"our relationship with RUSSIA @ all time low" (August 3, 2017; 8:18 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
topic (August 3, 2017; 8:18 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
They saw you could do your job and threw a wrench in to the gear typical Dems
Deal for both country's Mr Putin wants successful deals due his country also Dems are really war mongers they obstruct positive things
They were super wing to have tied your hands in resident to Russia I know you'll be able to toss those Sanctions and re-negotiat a better
I guess they're planning on blaming our POTUS AGAIN!! Congress needs to be replaced w people who care about this Country.
Are all the people on tweeter this stupid??? Sorry I got the app
@IvankaTrump aren't you embarrassed?
Mr. Prez.  You gave national secrets to the Russians when they were in your office.  Sad
I did thank Congress for protecting us as you sure won't
No, we can blame you Donald
you didn't have to sign!
I know it sucks that you can't give your BFF Putin a rim job as easy now!
Good idea.THANK YOU CONGRESS! @LindseyGrahamSC @cnnbrk
Liar, Liar! You, your family, and all your sycophants are the reason. You have sold us/US out!
Ouch . That is why you are not liked
Stop Blaming others!!
President Trump just realized that he is lone wolf  Congress can betray him but behind him half of US ordinary citizens respect 
What the hell are you talking about? Cuban Missle Crisis? The entire Cold War? You're pretty much fucking Putin. Give me a break.
What the Trump-Russia Grand Jury Means http://www.newyorker.com/news/ryan-lizza/what-the-trump-russia-grand-jury-means … @CNN @maddow @Lawrence @ChrisCuomo @AC360 @angela_rye @tedlieu @donlemon
You are the person most responsible for the deteriorated relationship by your conflict of interest and you are being investigated for it
Russia will end up starting war with us and all you democrats who said wanted to poss off Putin will see what happens then
Russia is cruel to people of the #lgbtq community! Dont marginalise our lifes! Dont ignore our safety!
Shut up.
Thank Congress for not giving us a decent healthcare. Amazing how criminals get better health care then your average American
Idiot RUSSIA is our adversary. You don't understand Our government, checks & balances, etc.
Shhhhhh. Anything you say can and will be used against you.
Im shocked guy on tv said he's  paying  $1500 a month,and forecast to rise 40%...for healthcare one child and his mrs...is that the norm.
Mr President, Congress is playing a very Dangerous game by continuing to push this Russian narrative. Not helpful at all.
Oh Donnie, you have never took the blame for anything! Its hard to stand up and be a man for someone who is spineless! You are no leader!

No one wanted to pass trumpcare as it would leave 23millionn uninsured and increase the cost for pre exist conditions, hurt the elderly/kids
Sorry for shouting, everyone. But, seriously, blaming congress? How twisted and unpatriotic can ine president get?
Hey "Mr. Negotiator", how about getting the insurance cos. to negotiate better rates towards ACA. Didn't you say you could make any deal?
Perhaps, you don't do any real work in the WH and only roll back Obama policies because you know you will never be beloved the way he is.
What? Yes, senators are to thank but you are the biggest one who put us in this situation.  This is your time
, you start a war, we will be assured all 3 of your boys will serve on   front lines. Barron will be perfect age!
