.@realDonaldTrump You're so guilty it would be laughable if not for the fact that you sold out your country just to make a buck. Sad.
Real Donnie t where ya gonna go when there's no percent left and Putin has tapes, well, betta start thinkin bout that
Vladivostok
um. Almost 6 months and 'your people' do not have the report YOU PROMISED.
Come on, Trumpypants!
What is it with your tax returns?
And most inept!
please learn how to use quotation marks
It's July. Where's the report? In the same closet with your ISIS plan and your tax returns?
Are they the same people you sent to Hawaii to get the "truth" abt POTUS Obama's birth? Pretend people doing pretend job. Go away.
6 months later and still no report. Where's the report?
90DAYS??? It was only going to take you 30 days to get rid of ISIS. LAME!

DEM Prez of ALL 50 SoS say OBAMA never picked up the phone... yet "worked relentlessly"? http://dailycaller.com/2017/06/07/exclusive-obama-never-warned-state-election-officials-of-russian-election-hacking/ …  https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-06-13/russian-breach-of-39-states-threatens-future-u-s-elections … 
Show us the report! And your tax returns, while you're at it.
#JamesWoods @MarkDice #MarkDice @WalshFreedom #WalshFreedom @RealAlexJones @infowars #infowars @mitchellvii #CHOOCHOOBABY #diamondandsilk
When you say "my people", do you mean the Kremlin?
Can you post the link to the report please? #MAGA Prove those crying liberals wrong once and for all! Again. Or at least a new deadline?
Your people? Are they the same ones that supposedly were investigating Obama's birth certificate but never released evidence  it was fake
Still waiting
Tick...tick..tick..tick..tick..tick..
Still waiting...
Got a good one today didn't you! 
Liar
It's been 9 months.
So where is it?
Lie
Another grandiose delusion
Coming from someone who has no intelligence.
I hope your people started to work on that report, eager to see the outcome
I'm still awaiting that report.
Concern shld not be WHO hacked but whether "hacked"info on Clinton et Co was true &whether the Dem'rats shld be stand trial
Trump is not a legitimate president he's a Russian puppet and a slimy racist dictator like Putin
if you disagree w/the US electoral system-change it or respect until u do.If u accuse anyone-hv solid proof @realdonaldtrump
we all know the truth -- Donald Trump has a problem with telling the truth and I am glad Media points it out
we all know,tht Hillary(WHILE in office) lied abt email&Saudis mon.Bill lied under oath.DONT know abt Tfump @realdonaldtrump
When will you pardon #RealityWinnerIsAnAmericanHero ? Or have you changed you mind about no Russian hacking?

https://instagram.com/p/BU_8ZrKg8eR/ 
where the frig is your hacking report,  you Russian tool de jour ?
You tanked by day 30, do yourself and your kids a favor step down! Penalty for TREASON is still death I believe! Seizure of all assets!
Today is day 90, moron.  Where's the report from "your people?"  Same "people" who "couldn't believe what they found" on Obama birth? Moron.

=> Oh yeah,
The president of the U.S. is a LIAR
REPEAT
The president of the U.S. is a LIAR

He is our national shame . . .

Do us all a favor and step down.
Longest 90 days in history!  #TimesUp
You have never done anything in X days.
ROTFLMAO!
Hey #liarinchief 90 days and where's your report? #impeach #incompetent #unfit #comradetrump
Pls president the is time for every thing u do
Ooo why are u doing our like dis
ahem - would you mind point me to the hacking report you promised the American people over 90 days ago...? thx.
Still waiting on that report, hoss.
Where is it Donnie?
How's that report coming along, Donnie? You're already 9 days late. #100days #fakepotus #PutinsPuppet #Trumprussia #flynn #FlynnRussia
He's not good with math.  Or time...
HOWS THIS GOING?
Another broken promise. The list is so long....
Another thing you cant get done
Where's the report?
Cough,cough!!
Everyone remember 1 thing: IF TRUMP's LIPS ARE MOVING, TRUMP IS LYING. Period.
How many days did you say?
90 days have passed. Good job, loser!! #WorstPresidentEver #LiarInChief #CouldYouSuckMore
Tick tock
Tick tock day 90
.....and?????
Today is day 90.
Even your mail order bride and spoiled children are paid supporters, if you pull the $ they would leave your side ASAP, So Sad
So where's your report?
You will never know how it feels to have the genuine uncompensated love, affection, support or help from a human. SO SAD
Its day #90. Looks like you #liedagain
Hi.  It's Day 90.  Just another reminder that you have done ZERO in the 1st 100 days you said you would.  #failure #worstpresidentever
#TickTock. Where's the proof. Putin got your balls in a vise?  They're coming for you.  IC following the rubles right to you
That was 2 weeks ago.
How's that report coming?
Still trying to edit out all the damning evidence?
#resist
really?
SOOoooo... Hey, Donnie? How's that #Russian #Hacking report you told everyone that your people WILL HAVE within 90 DAYS workin' for ya now?
Your people?  Lol.
.... Release those "Tax Papers".....as many answers, I believe, reside in those documents as to what and who you really are.
Talk is cheap
Yeah, yeah. You're already 100 days behind on the things you promised to do in your first 100 days.
just like @mike_pence lie in Nov have proof w/i hours ur accusers lying months pass & zilch from him 90 days zilch from you #impeach
Tick tock tick tock! #PantsOnFire
yeah yeah, like your wife's campaign on cyber bullying and your policy on cyber security. You're a liar. AND a loser.
Today is day 90.....still waiting...
You mean the intelligence community you have such great respect for?
Session's speech, reminded me of a happy sniffling KLUXER. What do u have planned for turning BACK the clock on blks?
Aren't working on report. Get rid of all those white supremacist Sessions included.I know what they have instore for blks
Day 90, waiting on that report...
We are still waiting for this & Melania's proof of immigration and SO many other things! Don't you believe in following through?
Where's that full report?
And... time's up. Where is it?

It's been 90 days. Where's your big hacking report? Oh that was just another lie. You are a buffoon. Resign.
Oops
We are waiting
Who are" your people"?? You use that phrase as much as you do   "disaster", "fake news", and, "I'll give you candy if you sit on my   lap."
This GUY is nuts !
We'll be waiting for that report.
Friendly reminder, you tweeted this 90 days ago.
How's that report going Donny? Crickets...
.
Proof and there will be more. Resign before you are impeached and sent to prison..
Yeah, his people kind of suck in that area, don't they. As well as all OTHER areas.
Speaking of "intelligence," how's your "great friend" Pavarotti doing?
This Tweet didn't age well, did it?
Day 90 has pasted. No proof again. As expected from a liar. President shameless.
.@realDonaldTrump well, where is the hacking report issued by 'your people'? 90 days are up. Or were you lying?
How's that report coming from your 'people'? Oh, & who are your 'people'? #justasking 
#resist #russiagate
Your time is up. Where's the report? 
Have you ever been accountable for anything in your entire life?
#TrumpColluded
90 days are up. So, what gives? Where's the report?
Because we love how much @realDonaldTrump has accomplished so far and all of this winning. 
Yeah more like 90 years yur a phony
Like you'll have a plan to destroy ISIS within 30 days?

Another lie

Face it. You're suffering from Senile Dementia

#1yrTrump
its been 98 days you've had over a week extra wheres the so called hacking report ?? your full of bull
Another deadline missed. Another promise broken. Another lie.
pssst.  Today is day 91. You're late. SAD!
Hey Donnie: Is your full report ready yet? And how are your investigators in Hawaii doing after so many years?
Time's up
Doing his best in making America great again
#notmypresident #LiarInChief  #sad #govt  #USA  #getout #growup #RussiaInvestigation #PutIn #RussianRoulette #Republicans #trump100days
Are your people done with the report?  Past your deadline.
OK slick, it's been 90 days .... @POTUS
You just make it too easy dude.... Seriously.
It's been 97 days, where is that report?
Day 91, where's my report?

Today is day 90 and there's no report. WTF is wrong with you people?
And???
Times up. Where's your proof Don?!
hellloooooo - Where's your homework?
When will you tell us? Show your taxes or @FLOTUS proven a working visa etc.. #trump100days #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Another broken promise.
Still waiting Donny boy and it is now 4-20
NOPE.. You LIE!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
: Where's the report on hacking? The back 9 at #Maralago?
and ...
Another broken promise! Sad!
Right after the proof of the 5m illegal voters and the tax returns.
Huh? not a coherent tweet.
What I think about is your kids and g-kids. The total embarrassment and humiliation they must feel now, or will when you go down.
I love. The trump melania putin. Play brilliant. But one ugly girl damn
shut up
What day are we on?
Soooo about that promise
90 days are up where is your report
Donald, you are a disappointment to the word "human." You're a liar, an adulterer, a tax evading cretin with zero redeeming qualities. #SAD
Is that to go along w/ur report on voter fraud, ur taxes, ur healthcare plan, ur tax plan, hey America whats behind the curtain?
*checks calendar*
Where the report Mr. President?
Well Mr. President, where is this report?
Seriously the biggest bs artist on the planet. Not everyone is simple dude.
I actually don't care about your tax returns! I WANT TO SEE YOUR BIRTH CERTIFICATE!
Who are your people? Moe, Larry and Curly? Your people couldn't find intelligence if they were looking in the dictionary!
LIAR.
Today's the day.
Nothing on Election Fraud anymore either. #TrumpLies - WAKE UP #MAGA!
Today is day 90 where's the full or partial report? You don't have anything just blowing smoke to distract.We are not distracted#kremlinklan
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN FOR THE LAST 70 YRS. IDOIT SURE NOT NOT IN YHE REAL WORLD!! GO BACK TO LALA LAND THATS YOUR SPEED!
IAM NOT A DEMO OR  REPLI. BUT THE IDOIT HAS TO STOP CALLING EVERY CRIME ON TERRORIST. THESE CRIMRS BEEN GOING ON FOR DECADES!!!!!
Where's the proof?
OH NOW WIKILIKS  LEAKS AREBAD NOW AND ARRESTING THE MAN  FOR IY. THE IDOIT LOVED  WIKI LEAKS WHEN IT CAME TO HILLARY
Really? Still waiting to traitor.
To-day?  #90
OH PLEASE ANOTHER LAWSIUT WITH TRUMP DOES NT HE HAVE ENOUGH ON HIS PLATE WITH ALL THE WORLD HE STIRED UP!!
His People 
Somebody 
Tell. Him We NO
Longer 0wn People
It's day 90, sir...
OH NOW EVERY SHOOTING IS A TERROIST ATTACK ! COME ON THID HAS BEEN GOING SINCE GAGSTERS TRUMP WHERE  YOU BEEN!
Tic Toc Tic Toc @realDonaldTrump time is up@
Donny wouldn't know "intelligence" if he tripped over it. 
EVERYBODY COME TOGETHER RIGHT NOW THATS NOT ANGRY AT THE WORLD LIKE THE IDIOT!
Might want to trademark the saying "Make America Glow Again"
I start hacking everytime I hear your voice. Like the cats with a hairball hacking. Just sayin'.
Who is this "my people"?
