Our system of government is so inefficient! We are all looking forward to you tossing out the Constitution & govern by dictate! Much better!
After all, shouldn't you be able to run the country like a family-owned private corporation not answerable to anyone? Madison was a dope!
SO GLAD you don't approve of James Madison's idea of separation of powers & checks & balances.  Democracy SO INEFFICIENT! Govt by edict yes!
I guess that's why you continually praise leaders with dictatorial powers. YOU'RE JEALOUS! As you said, dictators "get things done"
Trump supporters - the reason NSA VOICE line is getting so many reports of space aliens.
When asked about Obama wiretap(p)...
Unfortunately the nation is really not just your mirror.
GO TRUMP BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The draft dodging, bankruptcy filing, pedophile, who is selling our national parks? That president?
Have just read the transcript of your interview. Do US Presidents have to attend grade school? You just don't make sense.
At least it isn't @FoxNews.
DeFace the Nation will go down in History!!!
You have a Great Day, too, Bun. Must go to bed now, it's 0241, sorry it took me so long to get back on Twitter, but I am here to defend you!
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Great.  The People will watch. We the People Love our President Donald Trump
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!...
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED TO GROW UP!  THIS IS WHY WE DON'T GET ALONG.  IDIOTS EVERYWHERE!
How can McCain vote?  He just came outta brain surgery and is doped up?  His vote shouldn't count!!!!!
STOP ALL THE NEGATIVITY!  THE PATRIOTIC THING TO DO IS BACK YOUR PRESIDENT!!!  HE ISN'T EVEN GETTING THE CHANCE TO DO HIS JOB WITH YOUR HATE
"Comedian Hasan Minhaj slammed President Donald J. Trump and cracked jokes about the media. Here is his performance"
Holy shit a news channel/cast NOT on Faux News. Have you taken your meds? And pls speak coherently u know complete sentences #theresistance
You too
Your 1st 100 days visualized: 
Will face the nation actually make him answer the questions asked... with real words?  Asking for a friend.
I wonder what type of bullshit you'll conjure up this time. My bet is gaslighting over your safespace rally, and your 1st 100 day failures
Big deal
.
HAVE A GREAT INTERVIEW MR PRESIDENT
No one cares.
Will you become angry if do not tell you how great you are or if they ask intelligent questions?
There's never a good time to listen to whiny drivel.
You still seeking for a job  good luck  
What lies are you going to tell today?
Good I'll be watching a Meet the Press
bhosadike WHC dinner mein kyun nahi gaye?
A great day is the day capitalism is no longer controlling and ruining billions of lives worldwide.
Huh? #maga
. Regulate broadcasting once again, all this press problems will change. Back to local, not corporate owners.
So good for the environment!
Read about your rally last night. You don't have the luxury to treat citizens who oppose you as the enemy.
Sorry, don't know if I get that station. Also, have to go to church then I have yard work to do? What do you have to do? No time to piss off
I pray that you have a stroke on national television 
All hail Supreme Furhinator Cheeto McShitforbrains
Crazy. Crooked. Dishonest. Failing. Lightweight. Lyin'. Little. Sad. Comrade Donald has been describing himself all along.
@realdonaldtrump
Worth watching? Or will CBS edit out the positive & portray our President in a negative fashion as usual. CBS (Clinton broadcast systems)
Just read rally was filled with rows of EMPTY SEATS and NO ONE was lined up outside it. You just lie and lie Well maybe yr zombies love it 
So the cheap seats behind the stage that are never sold at concerts, had that many people in them? Wow I'm impressed! Great pic! #MAGA
If only you could face the nation on your tax returns.
You should have realized by now the only people that care about his taxes are dims... we don't care!
everyone should care about every politicians taxes because they make policy. It's checks and balances.
His taxes are his business not ours,  we don't care
No, actually they are our business. I guarantee if HRC didn't give them up, the GOP would have freaked.
Well POTUS and candidates and politicians in general are not private citizens. Not really sure of your point.
It's not a requirement! If it is a policy than it would be a form of checks and balances, but it's not! He don't have to release them !
I'm watching you now. And you're obviously inept and probably insane.
you are a sore loser and a snow flake! Trump is our President, get used to it, embrace it, before you go insane! oops too late!
Great!
Can't wait to not watch you!
I'll be watching #AMJoy instead.
https://www.marchfortruth.info 
We don't get tired.
We will find out the truth about #TrumpRussia 
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy
Guess who isn't being investigated by the FBI for possibly colluding with Russia to throw the election?
#TrumpRussia
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy
Your #First100Days in a nutshell.
#AMJoy
#SundayMorning
#TrumpRussia
People and entities more popular than you:
FBI
@PPact 
@BarackObama 
Honorable mention:
Herpes
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy
#TrumpRussia
Who knew presidenting would be so hard?
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy
Will you be talking about the white nationalists who are committing violence in your name?
Pay attention to this. Please. --> White nationalists believe Trump "has been nudging them to commit violence." 
http://m.motherjones.com/politics/2017/04/matt-heimbach-white-nationalist-trump-violence … 
I bet the numbers go up after his reading of 'The Snake' at his pep rally
Yet another citizen-bashing rally directing hate toward the majority of Americans. #NOTMYPRESIDENT
You poor thing! He is your President, like it or not!
Can we get a @DHSgov hotline for radical right wing terrorist?
bull never happen that is your radical left
You're a lying hypocrite. Here's what YOU said: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qa37X9-J_Yo …
Now there's a hat!
More like communicating to the people unlike the past president of 8 years that was filled with corruption and put America last.
Communicating what?? He's a complete idiot and an embarrassment--wake up!!!
Are you going to announce your resignation?  That's the only thing Americans want to hear from you...
#KeepUpTheFight #TrumPence2020
Me too!
While you're busy campaigning for 2020, there are things in the country that need your attention. Missouri is flooding. #InTheMiddle
Tornadoes in Texas with deaths. At least watch @weatherchannel . #Flooding #Tornado #Weather
Check out @KY3StormTeam and @NWSSpringfield for all of the flooding, rescues, and evacuations. But, sure hold a rally. #StopCampaigning
Are you saying he could stop the flooding and tornados. I mean he cares about America and is  good but wow, never thought of him as God.
@POTUS seems to disagree. A self-proclaimed deity?  #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Once again, you embarrassed the nation.  #StephenColbert nailed it in his response.
u have trouble explaining yourself. WE The People need a president who knows how to communicate in complete sentences & has knowledge
@peplamb @FaceTheNation I watched you were GREAT!..but weasel anchor made me mad.
You call the man doing his job a weasel and the coward that walked out because he couldn't handle a few questions "GREAT" ??? Grow up.
Hey you w 10 followers.. Go such an egg.
Missed it. Did you talk about
Nice job chief.  Can't believe you are POTUS- will go down as the worst EVER.  DISASTER! #illegitimate
Lied and exaggerated your way through it.
You should be aware what is happening in Puerto Rico. But for sure you don't even care. We are part of U.S. NOTICE US
ZZzzzZZZzzzZzz.
deface the nation! Love it!  #FIREcolbert #BoycottADVERTISERS
Ouch-no one cared!
Release your tax returns.
Obama answered questions...even the HARD questions!
Your ego is fucking ridiculous.
And when the going gets tough in the interview, the big orange pussy gets up and walks out!  BABY!!  LOSER!! PATHETIC!!
You AGAIN made a complete fool of yourself.
Sooo.....the #WHCD was right...it only took a few hours until u decided to tweet.....::SOBER::,,,,,,
Your Interviews are Hilarious,  you never disappoint. Bigly
Why did you run away? Not statesman like.
#CCOT 
Can we overcome the graft and corruption in health care that have driven costs out of proportion? 
Free market is the best cleaner.
#whocares
50,000 votes between 3 states is your margin of victory, so I've heard. Debatable, suspicious. 
And i don't care anymore
#readytodienow
#NoFlyZone4Rojava
We only watch to see the buffoonery you display
I'll be sure to miss this lie soaked extravaganza.
It nice to see a leader keep their promises to the people. I wish our politicians where like that
Hey Donny; I saw where you refused to answer ques about the Obama wiretap lies you spread....getting a little too real for you?? REAL NEWS
You can't face the nation coward. You can only face your sycophants. #resist
It is you who have defaced the nation not John Dickerson, an honorable journalist.
@POTUS - allyou talk about is yourself. #ImpeachTrump
Did you watch yourself walk away? Please do! Pretty pathetic Donny-BOY! Immature to the hilt!
You're being interviewed a lot but it's just not good so you never tweeted this
Does anyone really care?
I will never get that 1/2 hour of my life back.
Thank u for what u did for this country. Just stay within yrself, Donald Trump first president second.
Russia is at your heels #trumprussia #Russiagate #trumprussia
Good luck and thanks
Who gives a sweet shit
Love it when you post these, lets me know what channels to avoid.
Need truck parking at the Rallies #TRUCKERSWANNARALLYTOO
@realDonaldTrump WHY IS IT YOUR AGENDA TO MAKE @BarackObama LOOK BAD. STOP POINTING FINGERS. DON'T BE A HATER - BE OUR @POTUS #StuckOnStupid
you have a shiet day!
Yes-- and you were a total embarrassment. Have you been checked for dementia? With your age and diet-- cognitive decline for certain!
Who gives a rip 
Please end the NWS Now Middle Class investors and pension funds are counting on you #MFFGA @POTUS  Thanks for all you have done #MAGA
Is that the one you stormed out on? Hell fire but you are stupid! So, SO very stupid.
DEFACE the Nation Priceles
Great interview!! Ever studied history or just how to offend women minorities and non old whites!

Stop calling the president Putin's C*ck holster.  You have no proof since the president swallowed all of the evidence
oh noooooo not on Sunday, it's my day off
Can you go one day without embarrassing yourself and the entire nation?
Total failure
Didn't watch!  I did read the transcript and you have just plan lost your mind. Give it up already!
Nobody cares Trump because all that comes from you are lies and your own alternate fact reality. You are nothing but a con man and failure.
"A little learning is a dangerous thing, drink deeply or taste not the Pierian Spring."

Alexander Pope
accurately predicting arrival of DT
Snore. Won't be watching
That went well.
1st 100 Days=Failure! Nothing passed, approval ratings falling, stole Garland's seat on Court, scandals coming to get you! #LOSER
Because I eschewed watching the Sunday Morning Yak Shows for yet another week, I did have a great day which I have marred by addressing you.
Even though I missed it cuz I'm having w/no home powr d #HolySpirit of GOD transforms me do 2 GOD's WILL I know ur interview ws informative
That's the time I take a shit in the morning!  Sorry!
trump deporte al cantante chileno alberto plaza es muy desgraciado este gallo trabaja en los ee.uu.sin permiso ..
@marklevinshow calls it slay the nation. lol
How did that go?
They tore the rug right off of your head!
What a bad way to start a great day, listening  to more of your self serving delusions.
Which hole are you doing the interview from?
How can people seriously still be using the snowflake reference?  
How are the same ppl still supporting this man? It amazes me
I have heard that Frederick Douglass can't believe your latest statement about the Civil War.
Awww I missed it.
I wanted to to be there to switch channels the minute you spoke a word, but it wasn’t important enough to remember.
Sad.
Mr. President. I ask a simple request. Listen to the song called "Days of America". Me and my kin believe in you.
U r the man
90 minutes later you were at the golf course. I think you've broken a  yooge record of some kind.
U need to do to middle america and t west too
So! Who cares!
You did a great job,  the interview God bless you and yours now and always, thank you for your sacrifice & the for America
If you have never heard this one it is well worth the Listen!
@TomMullikinSC Red Skelton explains our Pledge Of Allegiance #SC05 #America #SouthCarolina #TrumpArmy @POTUS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZBTyTWOZCM …
FYI...What made Obama POWERFUL was his humility not bullying.
Too bad you can't handle questions from a real, credible network

Yeah, that wasn't a good move for you Donnie.  U get a little flustered when it's not Fox & Friends kissing your ass.
/ President trump the best
By not watching!
You have lost your goddam mind...
DEFACE THE NATION you mean! ahahah I am still laughing
BTW, is Andrew Jackson a very good friend of yours or doing great things?
No one cares
So are you jealous that Obama is hanging out with REAL billionaires? Having fun while you actually have to work LOL
I saw the interview. Trump just picked up his bat and balls and went home. He won't defend himself because he can't. Coward!
I hope they address Berkeley Fascism & why Federal Judges can skirt the law and make immigration decisions without classified information.
trump trump rhymes with dump and penis pump
NO ONE NEEDS TO LISTEN TO MORE LIES FROM YOU
Busy washing the dog's hair
