Arrest those leakers Mr.President and send them away for a LONG TIME !! At least for 8 years !!! 
The LEAKS are because Federal employees are VERY afraid of your power grabbing and chaotic administration.  I hope they oust you ASAP!
NO FEAR. Soon they will be in prison
The end is near for the leakers !! They are cornered like rats and soon they'll be in cages !
Aren't you the one who was saying you ware disappointed of the A.G, make up freaking mind
You cannot understand his mind. It works too fast. He plays 4 dimensional chess. He's a genius !! He's amazing. Believe it
How long before you give Sessions the Priebus treatment and throw him away like a used Kleenex?
Well Sessions is a GREAT Man. He understands the meaning of MAGA !! He just needs to become more aggressive. I think he realized this !! 
Angry little orange man  ITS COMING FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE!!!!! No one believes in you, trusts you or really loves you.
I believe in him, I trust him, I love him and I SUPPORT HIM 100% !!!
Heil Twitler  @MalcolmNance
Breach of security was the norm for 8 years, but they kept it behind the scenes. Now that you're POTUS it's used as tool by Obama plants
Why, because all the leaks have confirmed you lie about absolutely everything? You have to wear asbestos pants by now.
A.G. is faking his loyalty. He Is the Leak leader. He wants your place. Don't BE Fooled. He hates you since you called him out for who he is
I heard Jason Chaffets say that Sessions would NOT be convening a GJ, INDICTING,OR PROSECUTING HILLARY for emails OR Benghazi!! Why NOT? 
Mister President Donald J Trump to you one nice week and yes Mister President Donald 
Drain the swamp good Mister and Build the Wall High !
you also missed the part where he hired tbe swamp!
No profil picture so block you
the classified leaks came from the WH remember?
Haha.  It ain't gonna help you  at all.  It just makes sessions and your WH look more guilty.  It will backfire as always with you.
True! I don't think they've been tough enough. Our biggest threat ever is the freakin PRESIDENT for fuck's sake!
You don't take action by punishing Journalists!
You really need to read the US constitution, specifically the First Amendment!
Ahhhhhhh reading isn't Donald's strongest subject , then again what is ?
Winning the presidency is pretty strong Sparky LOL
Winning by any means isn’t actually winning Dgmtexas
You mean like allowing illegal aliens to vote, and refusing to have voter registration audits?
Btw...this has nothing to do with National Security, so stop selling it as such.  Lol.
  You figure this is your way to get rid of investigation before it gets  to you.  From what I saw so far, seen nothing that will help you.  Sorry.
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the ...
Great!  So I take it that they will be investing @RepDevinNunes?
I think leaks have generally been worse where the hurricanes made landfall but I hope everything is okay in Washington! #thoughtsandprayers
Go Trump
Scooter Libby

This man is an ENEMY of the United States.

He LIED and SPIED and now he's going to be TRIED! 

…
EXPOSED AND HUMILIATED by the PEOPLE OF THIS GREAT COUNTRY!!!
Because he's doing Trump's evil bidding again, Jeff Sessions is out of the doghouse, ladies and gentlemen!
If the Donald truly wants to stop the LEAKS he should quit acting like a lunatic dictator. Patriots leaking to check his dangerous behavior.
No matter what the rational is, leaking classified information is a felony. That makes leakers criminals not patriots.
Had the pleasure of meeting and chatting with Jeff Sessions during the debates. Beyond any doubt, he is a true pro and very loyal to @POTUS
The job of the Attroney General is to be loyal to the president?!
Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch clearly believed so.
R u related to @JacobAWohl? ...that will explain a lot with out any further ?s #TheResistance
I mean the tree can't be far from where the rotten fruit fell #TheResistance
Yes, let's take a moment to praise a bigoted, racist, lying AG with the memory of a goldfish. A true pro.
Praise him and then SALUTE him and our GREAT FLAG . DO IT NOW !!!!
Busy right now. Raincheck?
You just re tweeted confidential information and leaks from a @FoxNews  report!!!
Send nudes.
They're all leaking on U  because they despise you. You'll never stop the leaks, you're hated too much. Everything U do is watched/reported!
Where did all your Sessions sucks tweets go.  Donald youve been a bad boy.  Did you erase history with your little fingers again.

FoR NaTiOnAl SeCuRiTy, ThE tOuGhEr ThE bEtTer!
But you are the biggest leak we have.
the leaks aren't the journalists fault, they are the LEAKERS fault....STUPID...trump is the biggest blabber mouth of classified leaks!!
you criticize him publically, call him names, and demean him.....and now your praise him for doing what you said....your little puppet!
Hahaha I think you'll find that your administration has had many many leaks since you've become president. U mad, bro?

Why don't you toughen up too and stop leaking? You embarrass our great nation every time you open your mouth with lies. #FakePOTUS
Ok, mr LEAKER in chief. We got your # and it ain't good
So-called Dear Leader Trump wants political rivals locked up, journalists arrested & sent to Gitmo for reporting true stories critical of WH
If you don't want leaks and proper national security you keep you're gob shut then. As for Sessions - is he flavour of the week now. Ffs
I've studied and lectured on Management and you have got to be the most useless manager ever. Bad! ( not greatest or great)
I hear Mueller is working pretty hard too! What's the penalty for treason? Oh, that's right!
You mean your namby-pamby attorney general who was afraid of losing his job?
Praising the AG now won't patch the damages you've done
Gif national security lying Jared should be out the White along with lying trump. Leaks were loved when you benefited
Just being out of the West Wing and in your own NJ office may be a big reason leaks may diminish. God bless and protect you Mr President.
Remind AG Sessions, ALL News Org's have "INFORMANT FUNDS" Subpoena Recordds & Find "LEAKERS"
Freedom of press does not guareente freedom to lie or not verify facts.
WHAT TOOK HIS ASS SO LONG? I LOVE EM AND HE IS DOING GREAT BUT YOU HAD TO SPANK HIS ASS TO GET HIM TRACKING
Finally Sessions is stepping up but MUST BE ONLY THE BEGINNING Of the many scandals and corruption of the dems., Comey, Lynch, Hillary,Obama
How was golf this weekend?  

I, myself, swam 2400 meters, hiked 7 miles, and taught a 10-year old how to fish.

Gettin' in shape for
the gawddamn Armageddon you're bringing down on us, you nimrod.
Most leaks are lies spun by the reporters themselves, sad they hide behind corrupt tactics of journalism, no trust for any news media in US
There had not been years of leaks. Only since you came. The leaks are out of the west wing. Scandals are always a topic of conversation.
I lived through the terrifying Cuban missle crisis and the cold war. Now we have cold war part 2. We need peace with Russia not Russophobia.

Yes, because it makes perfect sense to go after the media for leaking to the...media.
If AG was really concerned about national security, he would resign & take your whole CROOKED COLLUDING administration with him. #LockHimUp

The only real "leaks" will be the released tapes of you participating in some  golden showers that ur Puppet Master Putin has.
Propaganda! Are they taking action against you?  You've leaked information!
Reasoning intelligence and education will help to
TRUE Journalist dont make fake news or not investigate crimes by Obama and Clintons.
A.G. emanates sincerity in everything he says. He just needs to be more decisive in everything he does.
That means:
1.No PRIVATE mtgs or calls w/ ANY world leaders (e.g.Putin)
2.No calls to reporters while pretending to be an anonymous source

Only leaks because workers r so freaked out your administration is so fubared.  Pple need to know how u r screwing us over. Trust me :)
"10,000 Gobs threw down their swabs to fight 1 sick Marine. 10,000 more stood up & swore 'twas the best fight seen!" BUT MUELLER AIN'T SICK!
Been drinking a little heavy recently Lawrence?? It's okay. The election is over. Put down the bottle. Trump won. It's gonna be okay 
#Problem. 3 actually. I may be the only Episcopalian that DOESN'T drink. The only thing Trump won is #RESISTANCE...& an FBI Investigation.
Thank God for Whistle blowers !
You admit leaks have occurred across other administrations. Isn't truth refreshing! However, the AG threatening #FreePress is uncouth! 
we should also punish colluders and traitors!!! Get them all! Drain teh swamp!
Varys providing many leaks. Shame on him. Wake up people.
I believe in the A.G. and think he will be loyal and do you a good job.
The problem I see is it seems more a warning to Republicans than aggressively going after the treasonous demoncrats & media

Lets go tough on obstruction too
When you call it a leak - you are verifying it's true.
Fire the IRS Obama holdovers.
Many years of leaks? You:

* called for leaks. 
* said, "I love Wikileaks." 
* called on the Russians to hack a U.S. Citizen. 

Hypocrite
Glad you're Expat

Trump: "candidly,'national security'is code for'trump survival', since these leaks are sinking me like a witch in Salem. Witchhunt!"
And you taking no action by retweeting.  #liarinchief
But didn't you just leak some classified information today about N. Korea and Missles and such?  #thingsthatmakeyougohmmm
Make sure that you do not have electronic bugs planted in your office i.e. walls, plants, pictures, and furniture etc.
the free press will trump your administration any day of the week.

What if u gave him another little push? No more ms-13
I think you're confused.  You haven't been in the whitehouse for "years" you senile old bat.  #LiarLiar
So you gonna lock up every journalist not employed by Fox?
The Leakers are American heros.  They are making sure we hear the truth about you.  It's only a problem for you, not the American citizens.
Nothing can obscure your reckless stupidity.
TO be honest. I rather the leaks. How else can we keep an eye on your lies and sneaky ways. I hope they keep up.
TAKAMO  take action and movem out
You are my president. Your base is there. It's rock solid. Keep doing what you do best. God Bless.
ANIMAL-like tweet #2: "...TOUGHER, THE BETTER" (August 5, 2017; 18:58 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Have Jared or Ivanka read the First Amendment to you. You may have heard of it? It comes right BEFORE the 2nd one.
You mean, so America can't see how incompetent U R
But you're not tough. The country is tough. Mattis and Kelley are tough. You're a scared, shallow little kid hoping people will love him
Breaches of national security started with you! Remember your emergency conference @ Mar a Lago when you had secret documents in plain view?
Why not use detectors? Leakers took oath which was broken by 'felony leaks'. Be kind; Offer choice....Lie detector; Or resign, Charge free.
Biggest leak this week was your retweet of classified information. So sad @CNN @foxandfriends @nytimes @abc
What should your penalty be for leaking secrets to Russia?
Be careful what you wish for, pal.
Trump likes leaks.
Actually Sunshine, the leaks are going to continue to pick up.  Guaranteed.   The sooner you're indicted, the better.   #Resign.
Hasn't given any thought the variety of truly disturbing info that could, may be leaked as the trump ship sinks!
People who have nothing to hide, hide nothing.  You want to stop leaks?  Be more transparent and honest.
You said you love leaks and leakers all during your campaign. What changed? Could it be that your treason is being leaked?
Don't forget crooked hillary
Hilarious U R repeating mistakes of Nixon admin. May want to remember how persecution of media led to G. Gordon Liddy's sentence #WHPlumbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxOSe9YqhZw …
R McMaster & Sessions(involved in pizzagate) traitors?
Now he's your BFF? my head is spinning.
What happened to hating Sessions? Are you bi-polar as well as delusional? @girlsreallyrule
We need to prosecute someone swiftly!
OOPS!  I DID IT AGAIN!  Hey hey donnie j, how many people will your tweet kill today?

He better or fire his NWO Ass
How's it going in Afghanistan or Syria these days?  Taking time to go after Americans while you get whooped in war?  Sad. Sick.
This is the same AG you've publicly belittled/ humiliated the last few weeks. Don't like AG Sessions but he deserves better. #yousuck
But you hate the little elf man!
After you abused and threatened him.
Benedict Donald you're the number 1 leaker
Watch McMasters he's plotting against u. Like Obama and McCain while ur away
Damn it stop being nice. Start prosecuting Hillary and all that she and her people did. You need to start pushing back on the left .
YOU really shouldn't worry to much about Dr. Evils plans to take over the white house.
The same AG you have belittled so much? LOL
AG SESSIONS needs MODERN DAY DIRECTION he needs to drop this crusade agnst pot heads real back on civil forfeitures these WILL PISS OFF BASE
You realize you work for the American public, right? We have the right to know what you do.
.. just make sure you SAVE THIS Republic.. 
if WE the people HAVE no say.. THERE WILL be revolt..
So when is he going to throw you in jail, Leaker in Chief?
All those leaks are helping to drain your swamp...
Agree
Leaking is the result of your TREASON.
Leaks are good if they are very true and someone has done something very wrong and hurt a lot of people.  Be careful what kind of leaks end.
Leaks only coming out of your Admin cause your own staff thinks you're incompetent!
Forget it. They are going to keep telling that you spend your day eating ringdings and watching Gilligan's Island. Hey! MaryAnn or Ginger?
Lock him up. Look closely 45 that said him as in your lying ass!
its called WHISTLE-BLOWING you corrupt windbag. And its a fine American tradition. Get used to it. There's LOTS more to come!
So you've fallen out of love with WikiLeaks?
Mr Jeff Sessions will take care take care of you POTUS
You need investigated.
why is the X FBI chief not being investigated
Please Fire all of them, INCLUDING the RINO "never trumpers" in Congress!!!
How about helping a woman that is a addict and wants to go into treatment but dont have the right insurance i don't want to doing herion hel
Need more leaks, to publicize the wrongdoing by 45
Would rather see you keep your promise "If I were President, you'd be in jail."
Hopefully this means they'll stop the leaking coming right out of our mouth and your Twitter account???
Unreal 
Trump2020  it's very possible
Can the AG stop you, the biggest threat to our national security? Gen Kelly, take away his phone!
Have you given any thought to the fact that the leaks are flowing because you say so many leak worthy things?
You say leakers, I say peeps holding you accountable for the destructive choices you are making as (clears throat) president.
Hope you get these a__hole
Hope he is fair & just & prosecutes you for gving the Russians Top Secret information, then bragging about it on television!
I have to think THESE leakers signed a confidentiality agreement SO at minimum WE should just FIRE em
There goes one possible source of transparency.
These aren't your words, Trump.  Who's writing your tweets for you now-a-days?
@realDonaldTrump is that what you will call #Russiaprobe & #ClimateReport
