
He's doing more for this country than Obama and Bush did!  Americans First!
You're delusional
Women don't like you. Neither do men.

Yay!
Make sure you keep your hands to yourself you have too many scandals on your plate as it is
Calm yourself, Grabby.
“You are in great shape. So beautiful.”
After insulting Bridgette Macron multiple times, you know DJT is loving all these healthy, physically fit young women all around him !
If someone tells you your beautiful and in great shape how is that insulting? You people just look for crap to say.
What president has ever remarked on another countries first lady??? That's insulting
Anywhere but your office
Who cares?
no upskirting, otherwise the adults will have to take away your phone
Pervert
Watch out, women!
I hope you know they will beat you with a driver if you go anywhere near them
Uhh...divest much? Get a round in? Grab anything? How much is that costing taxpayers? U should be at WH working on behalf of Americans.
Jancok
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!...
Eeeww! I'd hate to be a woman playing tennis in front of you. #pussygrabber You know the "open" may not mean what you hope it does. 
Shouldn't you be working?
Oh no! :(
Go there and motivate them  and don't give a duck them rude comments
Those poor women.
No one gives a fuck
Thank you for supporting women's golf!! So cool of you to take time out of your schedule to be there!
Oh give me a break!
I just tweeted this too!  Guess he makes us all think like this.
Nice of you to keep promoting an event that you will profit from as President since you didn't divest yourself #25thAmendmentNow
...and will just happen to stumble into the Women's locker room... :)
You should stay in the Peoples' House and work. You've taken enough time off to PLAY golf.  American citizens work, work, work.
And how much money did you make off that?
They don't want you. Well, 31% may, but probably not since we're talking about mostly educated women in the Open.
Dang its i thought the womens u.s open wasnt gonna smell like b.o with a hint of old paper
lots of Pussygrabbing in store. Pervert
Where, in the dressing rooms as usual?
Grabbing pussies galore!
MAKE TRUMP GREAT AGAIN! #MTGA
Have fun, stay hydrated!
that's a fucking danger to all the women there
please don't touch or speak to them. they're much stronger than you...on second thought, let them do their worst
حمار
Lucky president:)
Any woman worth her salt would be staying well away from you.
https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ  https://goo.gl/n3i5cE  https://goo.gl/hV1U34 
Have fun send pics
Have you nothing better to do?
should stay home and work when do we start winning.Sad
Try to keep your little hands to yourself.
Nice! Already showing more support to the American people then the previous administration! Haters gonna hate and crybabies gonna cry.
Grab her the pussy ? ! Today ?
Why, so you can criticize all of the women for their 'flaws'? Mysoginistic jerk.
Gonna grab some pussy?
Well make sure and wear sunscreen last thing you want is wrinkles 
Good place to grabs some pussy.  Right big guy?
Bet you were excited!!!
Lucky! No can do for me. Gotta finish yard work all day. Hoping for rain - ha ha. JK.
老铁666
I thought you had more important things to do. FAKE PRESIDENT.
Heck, I thought you were talking about tennis, a real sport. Turns out you're just promoting another of your businesses.
he's just going for a perve ... everyone knows it
You gonna try to sneak a feel in?
to grab more pussies?
Hide your wives hide your kids!
Are you going to walk into there dressing rooms?
Fuck – hope they all bring their pepper spray.
Lock the women's locker room door!
Me too.  Let's met at Crepe Express around noon. My turn to buy lunch!
?. Grabbing pussies?its sport not a miss whatever contest!,
don't you have enough problems as it is? go do your job!
Oh NO... Women, watch your Pu$$y's..
You playing?
The Women's Open is not what you think it is.
Cover your p****** ladieshe only has 2 hands! He can't molest us all. Stand united!
Do you have your fiddle? Rome is burning!
worse course condition EVER
Gropin' and sneakin' into the dressing rooms?  'Cause you are so bigly popular?
you do know its golf right  ,  there not opening there legs for you to grab them by the #pussies
Be sure to wear sunscreen!
Ask me if I care?
TFTI
Poor woman!
Don't forget a hat & sunscreen!
Why don't you go to The White House for a change and try to accomplish something.  So far you are totally losing.
Sure, avoid work. Do you remember the campaign? Reminder:"I will work!"
And sure you are cashing their check.  Loser. Maybe pukin can co sign
Did you grab anyone?
Hopefully there's a lock on the women's locker room door.
don't forget yo have you bill signing pen with you.
Today i will be mostly sleeping... am jealous!
Heard they increased the security outside the ladies changing rooms once they heard the kitty grabber was attending.
I know they are loving that fact.  NOT!!
Don't grab them
Hope you played well!
And that accomplished what in terms of the healthcare bill?????? Got to wave and put your thumbs up.
Work on importaNt issues
My guess is you attended after reading the words "women's open" and assumed it referred to their body parts.
TV ratings down 40% for US Women's Open held at Trump golf course and attended by the President
Keep your hands to yourself #groperinchief
And leave healthcare in the dark?  Nice job you're doing
To grab some pussies?
STOP FRONTIN
Didn't feel up to playing president today so going to the US Open. Don't have time to work on my Trumpcare bill
https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/n3i5cE 
Well, it's nice that you can get to a golf course for a change. Aren't new experiences rewarding?
Shamelessly promoting your own property again, I see.
You need to be in dear born stopping the Muslim invasion and stopping them from dunno,g for office..why is no one in jail? ?????
. I THINK YOU SHOULD COME AND STAND IN THE FOOD BANK LINE IN 90' FOR 2 HE'S FOR A BAG OF FOOD. WITH US NEEDY AND POOR
No #Distraction
.@CNN .@maddow .@nytimes .@washingtonpost 
.@SpeakerRyan .@SenateMajLdr .@DNC .@GOP
#WORK
THE #ResistTrump THREAD
With guest appearance from @Rosie O'Donnell
#CorruptGOP #PartyOfPutin #GOPutin
#RussianHackers #Gaslighting https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/887134287350439936 …
Try to keep your tiny hands to yourself
Text if you need anything!
Cool! Text me when you get back! Later dude.
whoopdegoddamndedoo
You are a embarrassment to us. Orangeman.
How scary for the participants. Also I think you were surprised that women weren't just lying around "open" at this event. "Tennis!!!???"

@M_Deramos_ he likes women
Do you ever work? You complained about how much Obama wasn't in the Oval...imho you are the pot calling the kettle black...hypocrite!
Yup, cuz North Korea isn't developing ICBM, Republican controlled congress could replace Obamacare and your family aren't in legal trouble.
Thought you be too busy to play golf.
I take that road to work and curse you every time i pass your stupid golf course
So?
Perhaps you should be helping our country and doing your job. Way too much golf. Resign & play every day. Be a president. #Resistance
I guess your not used to open women
America is thankful -
another vacation day.
Still don't care.
How many tweets are you going to spend on this? Priorities.
Why? So you can grab 'em by the pussy?
As long as it says U.S. and 'women' and 'open'... POTUS, you a g.
Why don't you try doing some work for a change.  I mean real work, not keyboard cowboy crap.
Checking the goodies?
FIFY funneling US taxpayer money to trump owned properties & services  #MAGA
نساء المسلمين هن بطلات فى كل ميادىن الشرف
I wonder if you would even consider helping us arm ourselves to even the odds with Maduro and his thugs.
Mr.  President, if the US is not even considering to send troops into Venezuela,
Ladies, beware.! The master of p... grabbing will be around
Please don't grab any pussies.
Mr. President, when are you going to start working???
We all know why your going there donald............. 

Haha and i wouldn't blame ya GO TRUMP 2020!
Buy me a lambo and I won't tell anyone about our night in Tokyo
Just grab them by the P_ssy Pres. You will get away with it.
It's embarrassing that people around the world believe you exemplify a typical American citizen or are the best we have to offer.
Then keep your hands and your tictacs in your pockets
Another day off? pathetic.
At another Trump Facility ... Hmmmm? Were we advertising for a business?
Going to grab some pussies?
Of course you will, you like women that are open to your sexual advances.
Don't you have a job to do, and golf isn't it...disgusting!
Lock the locker room doors!
When you're a celebrity, you can grab 'em by the pussy!
When you're the president.... we'll, this.
This is bad for women...
IS this a PAID sports announcement???? How much are YOU and your sperm getting PAID to PROMOTE the GOLF tournament?????  TAXES being paid?
You should have stayed in DC and start doing the job people hired you for instead of golfing & vacationing on OUR dime. You should BE FIRED!
Golf is vital to our the nation's future, I'm sure. Have fun.
That's nice - you do know that is the name of the event and not an invitation for you to just grab stuff right?
Is that what you are calling the White House these days. What happened to I would never leave the White House, there is too much work to do.
Looking for a date?
I bet when you got to the Women's Open were disappointed it was a tennis match.
If it's not golf then it's tennis... glad to see my tax dollars are allowing you to enjoy life...
That's great but don't forget your sunscreen
No golfing today Mr #POTUS ? Wow, must be tough . Nap between sets and I hear they have wifi so sweet tweeting @CNN @NewDay @nytimes
Just don't take a bus there.
Why tf would you go when you don't give a crap about women??? #AnnoyingOrange
Thank GOD!! you will not be able to screw up anything else!!
Of course you will.
Will any of the women show up!
