What's hilarious about this is that the people who staged this ridiculous photo op thought we might believe he could write a speech!  
Is that his *pensive* expression or his *I think I just sharted* expression?  I think they're one and the same.
Y'all remember THIS?? The preposterous supposition that TRUMP could write ANYTHING is so amazingly hilarious now, 6 mos. later!
Thankyou Sir for your sacrifice to our country. I have the upper most Respect for you and your family, god bless you,Milo
Why are you using a Sharpie and writing it on a notepad?

I bet you your salary that fucking paper is blank
ASS
Look out for that eagle, Donnie! Animals can sense if a person is bad to their core. 
You putz...


The only reliable news sources left are Fox News and the Enquirer and of course any random thought from Donald. Please support all fake news
what happened to #draintheswamp you are #CrookedDonald You are bought and paid for just like the politicians you criticized
He's worse because he was bought and paid for by our enemy! His supporters just smile & nod!
you look like you just farted.
who writes a speech with a sharpie - at the concierge desk? can you get more staged than this?
https://www.instagram.com/p/-7idBWFZyy/ 
Yup. It's not him actually doing it, it's a promo photo like a reality star would take.
I don't care what you write, as long as Ashton Kutcher or the to catch a predator guy shows up afterwards.
Try showing some restraint in you address, Just try for once not calling the media a fraud or crooked or offending anyone
myself and family going to see u Mr.President. waited 8 yrs. For this change.  We love you. Congratulations....
I wish you the best. Enjoy the memorable Day!
You might be 'looking forward' - the rest of the World feels sick at the thought of you in White House.
So, by the bend of the paper and placement of your hand...Your inaugural address is roughly the length of a tweet....
make it short & sweet you have alot of "unsigning" to do 
you have no idea what 2 write, nor what Putin will allow you to say. #AmericaFirst - sorry used BIG words. Trump = So sad!
i know you're trying to look dignified here; probably took hours of makeup to make you look human, but it failed. "Sad!"
Check it for Plagiarism. We both know you and your wife admire the Obama's a lot. HUGE admiration. #Inauguration
Our family is excited about your Presidency. God bless
Aways having people  taking pictures  of you must make your ego swell. SPEACH  SHOULDN'T  BE TO HARD 140 CHARACTERS  MAX
you gunna copy Obama bro?
this is so life-like, it must have been made by Madame Tussaud
every time I look at warren I see a liar that took a spot in good college from Native American she has no right to speak
.@realDonaldTrump If there isn't a long YUUUUUUUGE somewhere in that speech I will immediately regret voting for you.
U.S. guilty of war crimes in Palestine. Those who support Trump / Israel are guilty of murder.
that's not how people write, Donald. You need to put the paper flat on the desk, and open the notepad.
also, another foolproof tip I find is to look down at the words you are writing.
and I can see the strain on your face, and I empathise, but the way you spell it is 'P-R-E-S-I-D-E-N-T'. Happy to help!
welp, I've gone and wet my pants laughing. Well done, sir!
is that a Madame Tussauds figure? Are not going to the inauguration either?
.  Important!!!!

Look up Kim clement and Mark Taylor on U tube, they prophesied 5 years ago God CHOOSE you to be president
.also,sincerely, if all Jews left Israel and came to U.S.over next eight years, mideast problem solved.imigrate only them
A lot of backwards R's in there?
lol
I notice that everything in that picture is piss-proof and wipe clean.
It's not too late. You can back out. The presidency will ruin you, your wealth, and the country. #unpresidented
This photo doesn't make u look good: it seems like u r in pain because u can't see/hear what the person with the camera is showing/telling u
like you can write anything besides tweets. #LyingDon #3rdGradeGrammar #TakingCreditForOthersWork #Again
Damn his hands are small

Who is translating it from the original Russian for you?
Either John Miller or John Barron. Take your pick.
I see you went for a fake eagle this time.
saw the pic and I came here just to find this tweet. 

Bernie Sanders would have beaten you so thank the corrupt press doing a hack job on Bernie and listen to him
The White House is the "People's House" - it will never be yours.
# love you president TRUMP
In the best, classiest room ever! Tremendous! @realDonaldTrump
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. #Inauguration 
You know the "before/after" pics where POTUS ages in 8yrs? Doesn't Trump always look like the "after"?
he's still on page 1 and at least half of that page is blank. Probably gonna recycle a horrific rally speech.
looks like a staged Kim Jong Un propaganda photo
once again a liberal trying to suppress the first amendment of someone
that's a coloring book not a address
- you haters don't understand, #PeeOTUS has to write with an extra-large pen because of his Huuuuge hands
.@realDonaldTrump that pad is totally blank and brand new, isn't it?
and wrapped in plastic.
.@realDonaldTrump you look as depressed as we feel.
.@realDonaldTrump seriously this looks like the villain in a Wes Anderson movie signing paperwork to defund a summer camp.

~@DNC on #InaugurationDay @EllisonCampaign @repjohnlewis 
Dems are #SoreLosers & #CryBabies

@digitaljami @kyleayers
not a Democrat and not whining. But I must have triggered you!



Winter White House? What the fuck are you talking about?
He's warning us that "Winter is Coming"
. @Home_Halfway @Mikel_Jollett @realDonaldTrump Nucular* Winter . . . . . . . . *Trump Dickshunery 2017 Edishun . . .
.@realDonaldTrump Oh, honey, this looks terribly staged. Is that a magic marker?
.@realDonaldTrump And, dear, I know you need a familiar bed, but the "winter White House" is the White House.
.@realDonaldTrump And nobody will tell you this but me I suppose, but when the lighting is so flooded, not so much pancake makeup.
.@realDonaldTrump Donald! If you're going to lie so sloppily, don't be surprised when someone on the Internet quickly catches you, silly.
once again taking credit for others work.  Not even his desk
You have never written anything in your life, pea brain.
Ha ha...the patented Trump constipation face.
He was probably writing about the Dow joans and his unpresidented failures.
Do his supporters actually think he is writing his address here?
Release your TAX RETURNS.  NOW
You liar.
One more Trump lie. We know you cannot write a coherent speech! It was written by Steven Miller and Bannon, Grand Dragons of KKK., your thinking heads.
One of Trump’s best documents
interesting
Mr. Trump, Congratulations! A great President for not just America, but for the world, too.
Especially Russia!


@MannyManpreet I mean... what is this photo?
But even so...why would you post a picture like this to begin with?
He doesn't think he's been cast for a role to be president in a film does he?
If so he's the most dedicated actor I've ever seen and he deserves an Oscar tbh
I know exactly which actor would be cast with him to serve him in the government. You know too haha
I don't know his name but I'm picturing his face right now hahaha
"president... we may have a problem"
He'll end up being the new Designated Survivor. "I'm the only person left who can do this job. I'm 100% qualified. It's gonna be great!"

Who are you going to plagiarize?
well we know this isn't true 
so why did u feel the need to lie abt writing ur speech? The lies & infomercials must stop.
You work 4 me & I won’t tolerate this behavior. Start being pres. 4 all americans & not a stooge for ur big money owners.
that is the most staged picture I've ever seen. I also highly doubt you wrote that.
Main Fellow GQ Associate CEO . Congratulations Mr. Pre
@Peaveygrl POTUS is ft job.No winters at FL resort. Your real estate not to be maintained by our taxes.
YOU didn't write that speech, Donald! What a reality show! Only there's not much reality! #NotMyPresident #TheResistance
Liar! You've never written a speech. You're so pathetic.
#NotOurPresident
you mean Steve Bannon wrote.
Notepad tilted because it's blank.
words are hard
Do you always write speeches with a black marker?
His inaugural address: "My Presidency is a joke. It's a hoax. SAD!" #TrumpInauguration #Inauguration #inauguraladdress
LMAO he's using a closed sharpie! My 7-year-old likes to write with a sharpie too! They cant even get right for a photo op
were those tiles made in America? They are God awful ugly.
this style of speech writing is #unpresidented
trying to look important.  I'm sure if we saw what was on the paper, it would be you practicing your letters.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
@POTUS Is that really what your office looks like in the "WInter White House?" Very 80's tacky. Very sad. Melania help him.
Do you always write your speeches with a sharpie and in the reception area?
THANK YOU  THANK YOU  THANK YOU  GOD BLESS YOU AND AMERICA FOREVER 
There is only one White House, and it is not in Florida. Have some respect.
I like to pretend write and pose for pictures too sometimes.
I'm betting you plagiarized half of it from President Obama's inaugural address - or is it just the wife who does this?
you even look fake of course you have to hold tablet up because it's fake  - no class
Russian clip in support of John.Trump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlYIKQKoC5g …
You can barely read. Why would you lie about writing a speech? That's what speech writers are for.
BEAUTIFUL TILE WORK! How gorgeous it must be inside, reminds me a bit of Morocco, Greece, and maybe Spain.
No you didn't. You have dyslexia - everyone KNOWS it. You can't read or write!
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
demuestra que los ricos tambien pueden ir al cielo. Jesucristo dijo que eso es dificil pero no imposible. +++ + +++
#ThankYouObamas
Looooooseeeer
What the heck is a "Winter White House"? Sounds like something Russian. Are you Russian?
So you're a receptionist now?
Many congratulation to you. but never forget Africa. There  MUGABE AND MUSEVEN. THESE PEOPLE ACT AS UNIVERSITY OF KILLER.
Proof read by editor V Putin.
a 15 minute waste of words  #InaugurationDay2017
You actually look like you just had an accident in your adult diaper again. #FakePrez
You look like a stop motion dummy out of Rankin/Bass. Is a good photo of you just not possible? 
This picture is hilarious!
at the reception desk with a sharpie
hahahahahah
Jokes, on you. We all know you didn't write it. And BTW. It was awful. Didn't watch, read later
congrats!
Are you really writing it?
here I am with a brand new memo pad writing my speech with a sharpie...at the reception desk at my hotel. I'm a big boy now
stay inside the lines
Ya look a bit constipated
you look pissed off that you had to take time out from #goldenshowers #russianhookers to pose for this fake photo.
Good to know you can write but, for God sakes, hire a tutor to teach you how to read the constitution.
Oh gawd.  Please.  You know and we know you aren't a speechwriter.  Fake News!
CAN YOU PLEASSSSE JUST GO AWAY
ahhh yes, what's the last name the reservation is under?? Come on the jokes pretty much write themselves it's too easy 
LOLZ :-D
You don't know what you're doing. You will fail; no surprise. Can you spell impeachment? Probably not.
more lies. Can you stop with the lies for one day. Jesus Christ.   Loser. Epic fail.   Lies.
looks like a taxidermist got to him. are we sure we aren't watching 'weekend at bernie's'??
That's the reception desk! WTF? And you wrote your speech with a Sharpie? Did you ever get past 3rd grade?
NOT MY PRESIDENT...ONLY WHEN YOUR FOR "ALL THE PEOPLE"
faaaakkkkeee
.......which was the worst I have ever heard, just saying Donnie
congres from Belgium
your small hands can do better than be a president.
YAVE .SALBE A MR PRESIDENTE .DONAL J TRUMP.!!!!
no you probably like that
.@realDonaldTrump 
Copy and Paste?
this is an Orange Orangutan. @jrdschltz @kathrynariel
Hope the writing is going well. You might want others to take a look, perhaps do some edits.
Notice he tilted the pad up so you can't see that it's blank? Just like the folders at his "press conference ".

We know why you picked up the edge of the page to hide it.
.@realDonaldTrump Must.  Think of.  More bigly. Words.
Sitting at the Mar-a-Lago Concierge Desk? What a con man you are! This is Fake News!!
Looks like an infomercial.
so how long did it take your secretary to clear her desk?
FAKE NEWS - FAKE MAN, FAKE PRESIDENT
such a relief you are finally our Mr.President, I believe you will make America great again.
I don't see any writing... Its just a pose for the pic. I know, Barron is writing the speech.
really? Blank note pad? You realize it's 2016
On a scale of 1 to Hitler, I'd give that speech an Emperor Palpatine. #Inauguration
You win tweet of the day!
inaugural address was great, what all us Americans want and need to hear...thank you
Old-fashioned noughts & crosses?
That's the receptionist desk at one of your clubs and you're using a sharpie? #illegitimatepresident  #ShowMeYourTaxReturns
Yea right...using another prop for the photo op...Ask Melania to help you...she's pretty good at "writing" speeches
bravo frate
