You're the one that told everyone you hung up on the call to be 'tough'.
Yup! 
I dreamt that djt won the election and the left went crazy and started burning cities down.
Because everyone behind the real news died in the Bowling Green Massacre.
And then their spirits came back and voted for Hillary and that's why she won the popular vote.
some of them voted two, three, or four times for her 
[citation needed]
I've a strong tingle in my balls - happy now?
Even your lies have lies on top of them, its like you're building a wall or something donotruth trump



Busy tweeting during the failed Yemen raid instead of being in the situation room. Irresponsible! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/825690087857995776 …
it was his first covert action and he couldn't be bothered, per his Press Secretary. https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=FEsz-THTbGs …
don't any of you snowflakes have real jobs??
as she's on here tweeting too #Trumosupporters
To be fair, this prob IS her job - trolling for Trump!  

Teenagers should not be calling grown-ups "dirty commies" when they clearly have not learned what socialism is.
When you said families of terrorists have to be killed, you meant 8-year-old girls as well, right? https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/01/yemen-strike-eight-year-old-american-girl-killed-al-awlaki …
None. If you knew what socialism actually was you’d know it has never yet existed. It comes AFTER global capitalism has ended.
Marxism has never and will never work. It's the ideology of the freeloaders and bottom feeders of society.
You clearly don't know what it is.
The theory for lazy leaches sucking off us that love to work and get ahead in life #FuckSocialism move to China~!
China has capitalism — not socialism (a class-free stateless moneyless society of equals).
Socialism is redistribution of wealth where everyone is equally poor!
You speak the truth 4% of the time yet your supporters are hypnotized into believing you are the only source for it. Sad!
That's diminishing quickly! Only 1/3 of Americans still like this lying creature!
Where are these polls?
hahaha just like trump. Let me cite a fact that I made up. #alterativefacts
horrendous job. I thought it would take longer than this for him to destroy
Not even two weeks into your presidency and you're already going on vacation? Hypocrite.
big difference is he's actually done some work...
Signing executive orders he doesn't even understand is easy.
oh he understands them alright. He's been underestimate every step of the way, to his opponents dismay
Again, signing executive orders is easy. And hypocritical because he opposed EO's when Obama signed them.
How have you been hurt? Be specific, please.
What you think is civil likely isn't civil to most. Go get some sleep. I hear you tire by 5 pm.

Yesterday you said it was "tough". Turnbull described it as "very frank & forthright". No one has said it was "very civil"
Creating his own reality. @realDonaldTrump
you do realise it wasn't civil, don't you? Trump yelled at PM & ended by hanging up on him
PM disputes being hung up on
not initially. it's a PR move, he's deliberately dodgy about what exactly happened
Rememer McCain called PM to smooth things over, hence change of tone.
I forgot about that! I wonder if that's how we're doing things now. Insult other countries and

Kellyanne Conway made up a fake terrorist attack for you. Why? #TheResistance
Are they that ignorant? Don't they realize that everything they say will be fact checked?
lots of bad facts about trump u can look up. Want me to post?
They are throwing shit against the wall to see what will stick. Trying to distract us.
I agree:) they got nothing left to try and use
Odd that you aren't tweeting about how Pastor Darrell Scott lied to you about "the top gang thugs from Chicago" @realDonaldTrump 
how is he supposed to know that the pastor was lying to him? Shouldn't Scott get the blame in this case not DT
you're a liar!
whoa whoa, this is a fact free timeline, Jack 
So a fact is putting up a picture of a snarky meme? I guess we must have different definitions
we meet again my smooth nemesis 
stupid. Then he deserves criticism. But some people just shit on him for just waking up
your man makes it easy to make the decision though 
He's certainly a polarizing figure and I totally see how he opens himself up to criticism
he says some dumb shit, bro.
I’m skeptical you two really made up.
I'm an aussie. Love it  Pretty much sums up the mood here today!
Thank you @mattbpete 
Heartfelt condolences for all who carked it at the Bowling Green massacre. @realDonaldTrump
carked it!  Doin' us proud!
like this tweet if you LOVE our GREAT new PRESIDENT!
Why isn't FAKE NEWS media covering the FAKE massacres cited by @KellyannePolls #BowlingGreenMasacre Demands investigation!
.@nytimes lives in a pseudo secular world ,disconnect with realities. either mend or  perish. @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump why did you call the refugees currently in Australia 'prisoners'? Is that how you view them?
Because they are prisoners on islands away from mainland Australia to keep Australia citizens safe.
wrong. Sad
Nope. They're there because the Oz govt has a policy of mandatory detention. It's not about threat to citizens. @LeeMuldoon
Put the crack pipe down....just walk away 
Do you follow Australian politics? You clearly know little about it. @joffaboy66
just another ignorant yank jay. Clueless. Sad. Scared of refugees while 10k killed by guns yearly in US. Fucking insane
send help please, Aussies. half our country has f'in lost it.
every time you say #fakenews, networks should show @SeanSpicer's first briefing & @KellyannePolls saying #alternativefacts.
Hey, what happened to the newly added instant classic #BowlingGreenMassacre?
Why don't you release the recording of your call? Unless you have some reason not to...? @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/827480386120929280 …
not sure if you've heard but Aussies don't care what Malcolm Turnbull says
And we care even less what Trump says. We know we don't want a close alliance with US while Trump is POTUS.
.@realDonaldTrump Or maybe thank you to @TurnbullMalcolm for showing some restraint.
Australians hate Malcolm Turdbull!
he's nowhere near as bad as Donny
he's Saint Malcolm compared to Donald the devil toddler 
WRONG!
is that you Donny?
Donny Trump? Nahhhhhhh not me
No, you didn't end that with an exclamation mark. Sad!
Everyone else in Australia still thinks you're a fascist criminal. Please never come to our country. 
You don't speak for all Australians, not my a long shot!
But most. His approval ratings are even worse here then they are in America. x
why does Australia poll for approval ratings of the Pres of US? Seems pointless!
Yes it’s incredibly stupid. Just as stupid as the anti-Trump protests in countries outside USA!
Actually even the anti-Trump protests in the USA are stupid. He’s already President, morons.
Anthony ... just be nice please?
Why? Are the anti-Trumpers nice? Hardly! "Morons" is an extremely apt word.
We would trade the Prime Minister of Australia for you in a heartbeat. Truthfully, we’d trade a dingo for you.
we don't need your dingos. You can have him for a bloomin' onion.
FACT: your team makes shit up about refugees to scare the Americans into hating us

bowling green massacre never happened
I'm not a christian, but aren't priests supposed not to hate people? Know it's 'you're' not 'ur'?
We all know the truth. You said it yourself. The Prime Minister of Australia simply understands how diplomacy works.
become a #MuslimAlly by signing up at http://trueislam.com 
I'm going to have to pass.
it took u two days to finally come up with that ? You need a change of PR!
Fraud!
You don’t think this fake tweet about your actual rudeness is going to make yesterday’s stupidity just disappear. Do you?
he clearly thinks tweets are magical like that. His idiotic followers believe his bs. Glad they're a minority
your own staff confirmed it and blamed it on you being tired. At 5 pm.
your constant whining is just embarrasing.
America dreams of a President who is as diplomatic, decent, and politically skilled at the Prime Minister of Australia.
the Bowling Green Massacre...
Everyone knows what an ass you were on the phone yesterday. THE WORLD KNOWS. You can’t make it go away with a tweet.
apparently he can make it disappear with his mindless minions.
I hope you will launch an investigation about the #BowlingGreenMasacre The American people deserve to know. LOL
I don't think that was her point do you liberals grovel over every scrap that falls off the table?
when people say things that can spread hate and mistrust it has to be challenged
or conservative. Ultimately this division we have will be what destroys the U.S.
the president himself described it as a tough call on Thursday at National Prayer Breakfast. Which is it?
mate, is this you?
Yeah right. Everyone in WH is leaking because they hate you and think you're an idiot.
#Trump is an incompetent war criminal: He approved Yemen attack that killed civilians without sufficient intelligence.
but you were okay with all the civilians killed under Obama
No, see TL.
bet they were waiting on them because of some rat who announced it beforehand; I trust Mattis
I like #Mattis, too
okay but don't you trust that he knows how to handle missions?
is CIC. He made the call & shouldn't have. Doesn't matter who SoD is if bad call is made by CIC.
and you know this how?
Absolutely official: Trump's Twitter feed is FAKE NEWS
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!

You are the weakest, saddest, loneliest, most malleable & sad man I've ever witnessed in a position of power.
And that's putting it mildly.
YES, Trumbo or Jumbo or whatever his name was said he could really HEAR your BIG HANDS as you were hanging up the phone!
We have the transcript now. You weren't nice or civil at all.
Satisfying to know our instincts about the 'world's greatest' liar were right from the get go. 'Fake News' wins again. Bowling Green 
@seanspicer what's his name again!?? Trumble, bumble!???
Your lying is pathological. Does the WH have a house shrink? You need serious help. That Propecia's getting to u.  #trump.
or city positions . They want r country . This is why they were banned in 1952 from the USA our previous gov new it.
he was lying Donald
I'd also like to thank the local Milk People for whatever it is they do.
I think it is only legal to Milk People in Nevada.
they chased ppl out of east side of Dearborn Michigan. It's all Muslim now even city workers , city counsel, police force
keep running that FAKE NEWS mantra. Or just yell "Hey, look over there." Same thing really #misdirection #nobbleyourcritics
You're an idiot with the lowest approval rating of any new president ever.
So Chump wants to destroy everything that matters to me & my family, and you're telling me "too bad"? Really mature, dude.
My "prejudice"? Against whom?
He steals from charity, bans specific religion, calls the free press the "opposition party", allows Wall Street to fuck us,
denies climate science, rolls back gun control, lies about illegal votes, lies about inauguration turnout, makes up stories,
this is the snake they lay in wait to take over and attack . We can't give them SSI they get 1700 per month per person
some have 3 to 4 wife's with 23 kids this shouldn't be make them learn to assimilate or out speak English. Get jobs or out
Method of Out Breeding The Infidel Population/Spreading Sharia Law/Taking Over Gov.  #GetWise!
Do you really think you can lie over and over and never have it affect your chances of "winning"? Lifelong habits hard to break, huh.
I just don't see how you can be that unaware. Maybe you live in your own reality and believe your own lies? Please resign, either way.
Any one of your followers would lose their job, their marriage, or end up in jail following your example. They trusted you. You hurt them.
Maybe you thought you could play them for fools forever, by playing them off the media. But their lives will be affected, some ruined.
You can't be leader of 35% of the country. That number is diminishing with every lie, every firing, every flipflop. You built a glass house.
You don't put so much energy into suppressing a "nothingburger" investigation. You advertise your guilt that way. It failed for Nixon too.
That was exactly what convinced the public Watergate was real. The coverup revealed the crime. History repeats yourself, Mr. Trump.
You cannot lead the country when all your energy goes to suppressing the truth about yourself. Taking a vacation won't help. Resign.
Someone in the West Wing keeps calling Trump under the guise of varies world leaders and organization reps.
A charming Twitter tale in two acts, starring @realDonaldTrump, @MedvedevRussiaE, and #Russiagate #trumprussia 
did u see imam talking about taking Canada, see that's how they do it . Take a city at a time get into high positions
It sounded Mr. President you speaks about our Middle East Al-Jazeera, Qatar fake news also...
Psst... We have the transcripts dipshit
#ImpeachTrump 
#FireHannity
LOL, you have the vocabulary of a 3yr old, No one believes that you have what it takes to have an adult conversation. 
Said by the FAKE PRESIDENT! Hilary beat you. Obama had a bigger crowd. Boy Scouts are disgusted by you. Microwave picking up conversations.
Left hates the truth their propaganda machines run on lies, same ones used by all MSM outlets, no original thoughts so dumb
it looks like someone's been watching Borat!
cc @joelgolby
my wife!
This tweet does not hold up.
I think trump was hoping the blue pill would help him out to hold up his tweet.
You think if they were going to fabricate false news at least the different networks would vary the spin,not use same words
you are a 2
out of 1000
Great Job Mr President
we love you Mr President & Melani, along with your whole family


Stop using the word Fake, it doesn't mean what you think it does
Your 33% support left!!! Very nice!!

he was covering up for you.
Caught AGAIN @realDonaldTrump 
Just STOP talking @POTUS 
#liar #countdowntoimpeachment #countdowntoindictmentdonny #impeachthisidiot
.@realDonaldTrump I'm glad to see that you admire and appreciate his discretion and diplomacy. Maybe you could try some of that yourself?
UH, its all on tape, Donald. 
Ok guys, I missed some news, what did the prime minister of Australia say? "good on ya mate"? "pop over mate and we'll show our crocodiles"?
someone leaked the full transcripts of those calls that got a lot of attention in Jan(?) to Aus and
Mexico to the WasPo. They printed the full transcripts
U lie
U r under investigation.
No wall, ISIS stronger, ACA Law, Russian meetings, Sanctions Set, subpoena taxes, grand jury
Have a nice vaca
Can he just not come back?! Or if he could just shut up while on vacation.?
Ya man. Just him shut up for a while. Could use a rest from his B.S. And when he's back IT'S ON!
So far he seems straight one-face man, we need some more time to monitor his reactions under some pressure
thank you my dear friend
Oh dear. Looks like you got caught in a lie. AGAIN.
your little dig on Twitter said all we needed to know about your phone call Donald Duck
PM Malcolm Turnbull is a Muslim just like Obama
@POTUS is a #Fraud

Can we just go ahead and assume that every man working at @FoxNews is inappropriate trying to bang a woman working there?

@foxandfriends https://twitter.com/RawStory/status/893136631519170560 …
Wah wah wah! Mommy, they are being mean by telling the truth!
Wow....every tweet is a confession. Is almost as if you expose yourself in each one of them..
Was the conversation Civil? Media says it's not. Who can we trust? Let's trust each other again and make us great again!
We know the truth now, you crooked old traitor.
The unauthorised biography of Malcolm Turnbull - Born to Rule

Paddy Manning - well-documented PM calls himself a satanist
FAKE PRESIDENT
You are a Liar. You need to work on that. But 1st you need to Resign immediately!
Hahahaha. Read transcripts of call
@ConstantinCI
The actual transcript doesn't lie. You lie to cover lies about lies. You have the lowest approval rating in history. We know who you are.
civil conversation?...well, let's say Turnbull gave it his best shot...
Find the traitors in your midst!!
Lol, another lie.

Turns out you lied about this too. #Transcripts
You lied
This has aged well

I've never before seen anything like an entire planet eager to witness the release of presidential golden showers.

Quite epic indeed.
cant watch CNN stirring the.pot and making all things bad from.pres trump that reportingthat australia was having conflict
Countries charge us? You are so able that even a  away #safety would not want to  you!
Transcripts read differently. Unlike you, the populace has above an 8th grade reading level. Begging is not negotiating. #impotus
that's not what Frederick Douglas said.
This one's for our precious news media, which we value a great deal more than any given occupant of the Oval Office, especially a lying SOB
your people started the fake news and lies julian assange. And banron called white liers.
There's no shame in admitting you don't have the Stamina for the job. Snicker.
Ha! 60 mins last nite PM Malcolm Turnbull trying 2  sound like President Trump lower tax's lol - will never happen
See Donnie, the transcript that leaked seems to indicate...oh wait.  You misspoke again.  Knew it.
So now we know this is a lie. You are a professional liar. Sad!
all of my civil phone calls end in a Hangul. How was your call with Putin?
The PM outclassed you by being diplomatic. You are so far out of your element. We know you blew the call. Leaky, leaky WH.
You are the leader of the country that's leading the free world. Pls give all a level playing field.
Evidently this didn't age well either... MSM reported the truth... @realDonaldTrump appears to have mis-stated some facts.
@POTUS you are a sad little man
The only Fake News is the constant flow of bullshit from the so-called president!
@POTUS YOU are fake news!!! I don't believe anything you say!
Prime Minister Trumble?
Today's crazy talk! #Impeach #25thAmendment
Donald trump you are the president of United States of America with pop stars taste so cute
Malcolm Turnball became rich via the rich. President Trump became rich from hard work and mistakes like everyone else
This is @POTUS LYING TELL. "It's #FakeNews " Huckleberry will scream Classified Leak. That means DT discussed Cls Info on unsecured line.
@Bevrin64 can We just nominate Mr Trump to be the world leader, those who hate him,do so because they have dubious politics
Lied Again!! "Fake News" is anything that comes out of your mouth! #RESIST #IMPEACH
FAKE news, FAKE climate change, FAKE facts, but you forgot.....FAKE PRESIDENT
Fake president.
You should probably stop looking in your rear view mirror and pay attention to what is coming your way. #TrumpRussia
you must have been on speakerphone, your hands aren't big enough to hold onto the phone.
No, bud.  That's called #diplomacy.  Try it.
We have the transcript now  head
You & your #SurrogateLiars are the primary peddlers of #FakeNews. Now excuse me, I'm going to #BowlingGreenMassacreMemorial

Hahahaha That was a LIE! We read the transcripts.
Thank you Mr President and Mr Prime Minister
NO YOU ARE LYING
Day by day, you sound progressively more like a 13yo cheerleader with borderline personality disorder. #twimp

You've been exposed for the liar you are. You actually put our enemy before our allie too. Your an embarrassment to America.
イスラム過激派がツインタワーに突入した事をアメリカ国民は忘れたのか、またあの惨劇を忘れないためにも、一時的な入国規制はやるべき
"Okay, this shows me to be a dope." - Donald Trump to PM Turnbull.
#Truth re: just about everything @POTUS does.
#RepealAndReplaceTrump
@POTUS And that ugly old JOHN MCCAIN working behind your back!  That wanna be is no good.  Soros employed!

How can a US president agree to FEED US. Citizens to Australia prison derelicts by allowing then in to our society.
Liar Liar
Liar, liar, pants on fire! You'll leave the WH in disgrace, the biggest crash and burn of a politician, ever.  Democrats thank you.

You are so paid that even a   #leaders would not want to craft you!
Lol well this didn't age well ...
someone tell you about Pine Gap did they doofus?
Tweet 9,599 that did not age well.
way nice
You are paranoic. Make more enemies for us while you are at it
=Ignorance is a condition that can be fixed; however, stupidity is terminal Mr. President.
@2Alpha I do not want any of them here PERIOD.
Looks like a confirmed lie by #LiarConmanTrump #ShameGOP @realDonaldTrump @potus @ap @cnn @abc @cbs @nbc @npr @foxnews @politico @nytimes
This didn't age well.
