It´s good to see a real leader in the WH for the first time since Jan. 20, @JustinTrudeau. Oh look, @realDonaldTrump was there, too!
People in Canada think Trudeau is a joke lol
Yes people do. People support Trump, too. Peope like the color blue and other people don't, too.
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canadaand t...
Boo
again what is @IvankaTrump's role in your government? Sitting next to Angela Merkel was most awkward. #conflictofinterest
when are you going to make cannabis legal for medical use? across the board?? come on be a hero
Too much promising and bold move.. But that doesn't eliminate the necessity of amending the Constitutions
@IvankaTrump @antonioguterres No No No This Is Not Enough At All And Couldn't Be The Right Solution...
Calling For Empowering Women Is A Statement Of Their Inability To Do That By
Themselves.. First Thing We Must Do Is To Realize The Truth And SayItInActions
We Must Stand Up Stronger Than That.. And We Need To Correct The DeclarationOf
Independence Of Every State In The World Especially Those Are Talking AboutMen
Only.. These Declarations Will Never Be Vanished When We Correct Them..
Production of our software is worth billions of dollars تولید نرم افزاروطراحی ما به ارزش میلیاردها دلار است
Sanders for President of the Fantasy Party
do Things you need i like you help boys we need money
?
@JoyAnnReid @Lawrence Don't u just love how much we all like JT, even Ivanka, nobody likes u and u know it.
8-31-17
while trolling trolls
came across 
#ReTweetieSweetie
old friend
together
amplifying
#TheResistance 
one
tweet
at a
time
TY
the new bridge from Windsor to Detroit is needed so bad. Just imagine one entrance to Manhattan owned by a
one person. That is what we have been dealing with for way to many years. #gordiehowe9
Justin you're too fine to be breathing the same air as a talking cabbage
Glitter Boy has high regards for Fidel Castro and not Western Canada .
great thought you have implementing. congrates 4 ur success.
great job sir congrates 4 ur success
Beauty and the Beast
Where's Mrs. Trump?
another sentence where you said nothing
You say They are not following your stupid ban Stop saying we're not safe America is You on the other hand
I hope you "Enlightened" Our Prime Minister on George Soros and his Agendas. Our PM needs to be Woken up!
@SHSanders45 @JustinTrudeau I hope you don't think he didn't see through your B.S ,you could take his lead his real man
I hope you're taking notes from Trudeau on how a head of state should behave.
well he's a joke too
it's greate meeting
: listen to this Prime Minister. He is very Intelligent and very much loved by his People!
Look forward to your trip to Oklahoma Let me know 
and I will take you dinner at Cattlemans with my Guys
get Mexico out of nafta.
good job sir
CEO is what?
wonderful meeting? It was a national embarrassment. Like, whenever you open your rude mouth.
Who are you kidding? No country other than Russia likes you. Trudeau is smarter & more handsome than you.
really?
thanks
Write out Prime Minister. Include commas after "Minister" and "Trudeau." No need for flags. Say Canadian and US CEO's...
He's a puppet No respect for someone who abuses children neither does little Prince George Pro life
What about the leader of the Tories.  Trudeau is a liberal and opposes conservatives no good
I wish Justin was our president
he's a Globalist following UN policies like Obama. Luciferian Government
he think you are nutz too
@SHSanders45 @JustinTrudeau Trudeau stopped at Canadian border and had to be deliced after shaking trumphs hand.
Please be very careful with him...he's all for the Muslims.  Go back and watch his inauguration speech.
Check out some coverage. He was just about to chuckle when you tried to shake his hand. He didn't shake it.
the fact that you have only one woman in your cabinet tells us you don't value women in the workforce.  SAD
glad to see both of your tiny grabbing hands on the desk Donald
Kudos to "JOE TRUDEAU" l wonder what else "RONALD TRUMPs" group will mess up! Just sayin...lol
The beast and the Beauty
YOU're FIRED!
Learn from him
If only we could've kept Mr. Trudeau and sent you back to Canada. But that wouldn't be nice to Canadians!
How Many business people in pic represented OIL COAL Gas in mtg Prime Minister Trudeau? The KILLERS of LIFE
can't you tell he hates you....the look on his face says it all! LOOSER
no matter what Justin told you, it is obvious he despise you...SAD!!
"CEOs & business women"....could you be any more sexist? Stupid question,  of course you can.
He didn't let you jerk him towards you in your typical handshake pissing match...
so there are no female CEOs?
his father was a great man and raised great sons. is in good hands with PM Trudeau. allies for life!
No, no that's Joe Trudeau. @seanspicer said so.
he's a better leader than you'll ever be. How gracious of him to sit with a fascist like you.
@sxlzy11
Say what you want, I still believe a golden calf was more classy than this orange oaf.
CANADA IS A PEACEFUL COUNTRY AND THEIR PM IS THE BEST
AND U R ABULLSHIT
you forgot to include the pictures of your daughter looking at Trudeau in a way she'll never look at you
HE ALSO IS A LEGIT LEADER UNLIKE YOU!
Third Country Agreement: will it be abided by? https://m.facebook.com/370122956474683/photos/a.370184443135201.1073741828.370122956474683/783957288424579/?type=3&source=57&ref=m_notif&notif_t=like …
The world is laughing at you
maybe you can take some 'class' and 'manners' lessions from Justin.
again so proud of you Mr. President , Mr. Trudeau and Ivanka!
How did it feel to meet s REAL leader, Donny?
You will never be half the man the Canadian PM is!
W-2 and a tax break 4 you. 33 cents per mile. Car sales soar.
He and Obama are waaayyyy coooler than you'll ever be!
Dear Me @realDonaldTrump , wish you could be more like @JustinTrudeau ! #Peace #Love #Kindness
How did it feel to talk to someone whose left shoe is far smarter than you?
Boy am I ever glad I live in Canada!
it was great to have a competent leader in washington for the first time since president obama left...
#RepublicanShame
@JustinTrudeau armlength distance. yea 
truly wonderful that they heard of the risks
Never in my life have I seen a US Prez have so many visitors to the WH. MAGA!!!
he made you look like an amateur.

keep pushing us peaceful Canadian peasants this is what you will find 
Canada looked amazing, humane and intelligent, the US looked ill-prepared, hateful and in turmoil
Can you please ask ONE intelligent person to proof read your idiotic tweets? Just one.
Conservatives in foreign countries are different from American Conservatives.
all that money and your trousers are still too long, tut tut
why were there so many women at the meeting?
I thought his name was Joe?
Can you not give speeches at 2pm...you always interrupt my soaps!  Voted for you but I love my soaps!
Can you find the hikers in this shot?.YOU WIN IT IS THE YOUNG BLOND........
Don't with gun rights ..now all like you are armed...THANK PRESIDENT  CLINTON.......


hi Ivanka , sweetie . Congrats to you and everything you stand for love ... nice photo
you are such a boobie. Don't you realize it is a good thing we don't have NSA who is subject to blackmail?!
Nothing but confidence in you, PRESIDENT Trump!
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW MUCH CANADA DIS-LIKES YOU????
IMBECILE DJT- CEOs
too bad we can't swap you for Justin. You're nowhere near in the same league as him. You lost the popular vote remember 
Is There A Link For Us Ladies Wanting To Start A Business?
For the first time after decades, I love the president with his sacrificial love for the masses.  Thank you for being you!
Waaay too much with your 35-years old daughter. Creepy father-daughter liaison @Ivankatrump. Y insult wife!!
JOE
He is everything you should aspire to be.
let's make America great Trump. DON'T be a sell out to Russia.
Justin out did u at your own power game. 
You will never be half the LEADER or man that JUSTIN is
Did you discuss the Flint water crisis?
You need to send in the Military to seize all hard drives and files in all Intelligence agencies.
it's a matter of National Security at this point . Enough of this crap ! Then Fire all at the top .
can't stand the heat in the kitchen Get Out
economics makes doing the right thing very attractive, business leader leading country’s business is  smart
we the people are with U!!
He was nice to you this time but we won't let him stay nice to a racist dictator.
Were their and CEO women there?
keep the faith my wife who is disabled and I love you and your family God Bless
good to know you actually know country flags! You're making progress.
I don't trust Trudeau.  The way he carries his self implies he is very untruthful. Like a snake
#princepahlavi_trump_SoS lovee
Do you realize Donny that you were just slammed in your own backyard! @Justin had you for lunch. #SAD.
Great picture, the empty suit and the empty head.
#princepahlavi_trump_SoS
hey Trump..IMPEACHMENT IMMINENT
Ivanka is an interpreter now?
for a few hours we had a confident experienced leader in the white house. Unfortunately he had to go back to Canada
God bless your management
Help us president in Venezuela, we are going to work ... !!!
I love it

We Canadians think you're disgusting. I'm pretty sure this includes our PM.
@ماجوانان ایران زمین حمایتت میکنیم شاهزاده برگرد  #princerezapahlavi_trump_SoS
As a dual US/Canadian citizen I am not a fan of Trudeau.  But I LOVE President Trump.
maybe take note of a real leader and learn from PM Trudeau.
the great thing was Trudeau shutting down that silly handshake of yours as you attempt to assert dominance
Trudeau is the REAL deal. Meeting with you must have been torturous for this fine, compassionate leader!
