we love and support Trump!
Don the con.

>>

/@WashingtonPost
 
SO DOES RUSSIA...AND THE KKK
Going to the white house is a great honor if you were not there loser.#fake president
#fakenews
sir what are you saying about the people of Biafra, please give us the date for referendum our young girls are dieing.
Sir, why can't we the people help build the wall?????
Hmm, yesterday your little #MOAR event said something else. Couldn't even pay people to show up? Pity bots & Russians could show up.
#RESIGN
Great Job! We love you!
You're welcome.

>>
nope! We don't
You petulant child.  Presidential,  my ass
You really got those trolls working hard.  BTW - We despise and are laughing at you.
Said a minority of voting Americans.

So does Nambia
very few do
are you people who love him going to be there if he is impeached or indicted and have to go to jail? We'll see
Yes we do support Prez trump 10 fold!
Truly only an asshole president needs to thank his fake bot for fake support.
No haistappa pitkä paska
@iamjohnoliver did you notice this randomness? He's retweeted this random kool-aid connoisseur twice now, WHAT IS HAPPENING?!?!
Who is "we" because..
How does it feel, tRumpy? Knowing that not ONE person who you have had sex with, loves you? That they only do it for money? No one likes you
Trump is the worst president EVER!
Trump is the most incompetent president EVER!
Trump is the most hated president EVER!
@realDonaldTrump
Polls reveal that the vast majority of Americans hate trump & can't wait for the inevitable impeachment.
Did you know she says her pussy tastes like Pepsi cola? I thought you preferred Coke?
A thank you from The President Of The United States Of America!
How cool is that
You are a fraud. People don’t love you.
South Koreans also love Trump ♡
On Sept 15 lana del fenty tweeted 
"my pussy taste like pepsi cola, my eyes are wide like cherry pies". 
Her opinion of Trump must be legit.
she tryna fucc
i think he has a crush on you ...him and his pocket rocket @glamourizes @POTUS
You know she's not real.

Tbjis is a Trump bot not real person to
Donald continuing to retweet fake female accounts right now b/c so many real women hate him 
I heard the UN speech. Epic. Prez. Trump hit every nail that I needed to hear. He is back aboard the Trump Train. The globalist are wounded.
@glamourizes Dear lord, you fell for this?
Did you pay her or grab her or both? Or is it a flower head Russian bot?
Gee you stupid did you look at her website "Ultraviolence" words it's a porn site. Or maybe that's why you quote her
It's @glamourizes day in the sun, everybody! Our President took time from #NoKo to scroll through replies to respond to this person.
His douchebaggery knows no bounds.
@glamourizes he has been told that he is to be indicted. Effectively, he has been offered the opportunity to make a deal
@glamourizes Is your bowel loosening now you know that Manafort has been wiretapped while you were talking to hm and...
Your going in the right direction. Hang tight.
Makes me nauseous.
Oh good for you, this kid supports you. Look at her profile page. What a prize!
Rob Reiner Helps Launch Committee to Investigate Russia
God bless our POTUS!!!! #TrumpProud #potus45
No we don't.
Apoyo a Donald Trump totalmente en sus decisiones.  Lo siento por quienes no lo entienden, y acuso a quien lo pone en mal por conveniencia.
Trump using campaign, RNC funds to pay Russia probe legal bills: Reuters, citing sources
You foolish little man child. I long for George W bush. And I used to think he was the worst we could ever have. Obama was a bad president?
You are not fit to pick the maggots out of the shit on the bottom of Obama's shoes. The world is laughing at you. you may end up in jail
My six year old granddaughter has better words that you. A bigger vocabulary. And more sense. Do us all a favor and resign.
Watch it.
You might support the twit. Sane people DONT!
If illegals can play hardball so can WE, and WE need to. The border wall is a 
NON-NEGOTIABLE.
https://twitter.com/EmekaGift/status/909446454892261376 …
Poor taste!
#idiottrump
You suck!
James Comey and Susan Rice perjury
How dare you use Rihanna and Lana's names as a Trump supporter
Hope you feel better soon 
That was from Russia
I was so confused but then I realized I blocked glamourizes ages ago because it is a phony account and this just proves it even more.
YES WE SUPPORT YOU AND YOUR DETERMINATION TO #MAGA FOR ALL AMERICANS
A MAGNIFICENT JOB AT THE U.N. THIS MORNING DON. I THOUGHT IRAN WOULD RUN TO THE BATHROOMS TO THROW UP FROM ANXIETY!
What adult Russian diapers do you wear #Trumpsdiapers
Idiot
And we hate and will never support @realDonaldTrump! #DumpTrump
@glamourizes 

Your honestly the worst 
@POTUS looks like you forgot about the victims of illegal immigrants. #AmericaFirst
We sure do.
We do 
Well you actually have a supporter. Why do you not retweet the negative comments? It would be overwhelming
Good for you Lana.  But who is we?  I need you to identify who we is.

#RESIGN
This was from a friggin bot and he thanked her, sad

Most of us despise you
Said NO ONE, EVER
#impeach45
@realDonaldTrump Fires @DonaldJTrumpJr we can't continue to spend money on the weak. You don't need secret service protection in jail.

OH...THIS IS ONE OF THOSE FAKE "MAGA" ACCOUNTS. I THOUGHT HE WAS PAYING YOU...BUT HE NEVER PAYS, DOES HE?
Not all of us you malignant mango menace
Ew
Who's "we"?
Just lead Sir as you have,we will support you.

The president of the USA just retweeted a teenager who also has pulitzer prize worthy posts like this:


Far more of us both in the US and abroad who hate you.  #WorstPresidentEver

No we dont. The braindead have no budiness spesking for the majority

The start of his Presidential Library ^^^^
If you take the middles class's $$$ by elimin 3 key tax deductions you will lose the entire party and crush the economy.
But the rest of us hate you.
IMPEACH NOW!
We despise and loathe you.
Mr President, how about, pushing the Convention of States?
Great!
Lol
Are you thanking people from your jail cell yet?  Manafort's almost already there!
And WE "EFFEN HATE HIM."
@realDonaldTrump  Thought you'd want to know that 200 million others detest you.
You really need to stop talking to bots Donnie... it makes you look... well... stupid. Oh wait, never mind... knew that already.

We love him all around the world. I'm from Canada, Pray for him.:)
He retweeted a #putinbot!
Error 404
Just look at her Twitter account. Trump sure knows how to pick 'em! Maybe she'll be Wife Four?
This sounds like corruption. Rearranging the ethics policies does not make unethical behavior into ethical policy.
Thank you Donald a great American 
Well you must be on the the left side of the bell curve or you have FAS!
Trump you and Lana would make perfect pair. Cheat on Melania again, she doesn't care.
God bless you Mr president Trump and God bless America 
I despise the SOB!!!
Ratings so low you thank each and every supporter who's left now?
We love you Mr president Trump bless you and God bless America   God
The majority of Americans do not! Don't forget that!!!!
Ed go back to  your  safe  place  and  pet your  puppy
Thank God for you President Trump.
You retweeted this comment from the same person who didn't know the iPhone X was the iPhone 10.  @glamourizes
We don't love you man, we HATE YOU
How lame are you that you need to re-tweet something like this?  Insecure much???
SAD! Do you really need validation so much?

Sad.
We hate and protest trump
Do you ever read the majority of replies?
Guess you need to thank the 34% of Americans who still think you are great.  The rest of America knows you are unfit.  Resign.  NOW!
I second that. Allow Dreamers only (not their parents) to stay on work permit basis, & they can apply for Green Cards on their own  merits.
the people of Venezuela need the help of rescuing democracy and the only way is militarily
Thank you DACA
How does a 71 year old manage, having the mental capacity and maturity of an 11 year old?
I support your removal from office because you are grotesquely unqualified and immature. Very un-presidential.
Looking for my vomit emoji, I think I misplaced it!
NO WE DON'T. Speak for yourself
I can't even....
BOT
BOT
BOT 
BOT 
BOT  ......THANK YOU
One of trumps bots
tRUMP... Did you buy the millions more followers (bots...) because I made fun of your 9k retweets up until you did?

@glamourizes THIS is ok with you?
Over half off the country doesn't and .25 held there nose when they marked the box!

love trump! greetings from germany
lana del fenty @glamourizes  #trumptroll #TROLL shallow, silly, irrelevant, insignificant chatter babble. 

MAKE AMERICA INTELLIGENT AGAIN!
Amazing how hate spews when love is expressed to our President. These bigots,racists,sexists,haters should get a true life.
