President Trump. I had Obamacare I can't afford it. Please help me. 59 year old it's hard to get insurance. 100℅ behind you
Republicans mess with it...they own it.  Give Americans what Congress has.  How about that?
my increase was 1600.00 My husband is on disability. What do I do thank you for getting rid of Obamacare
Oh Trumpyour such a humiliating person soon to be president!:)
great job at press conference yesterday more please
Before Obamacare 45,000 people died every year because they didn't have insurance. That's a disaster too.
I'm sorry I don't understand that I didn't have insurance but yet the state gave it to me and I was working so they just charge a small fee
I need insurance. Please help me you're my President Trump. We love you I know you are trying. Tennessee here .
Coverage of GOP Trumpcare worse, Premiums subsidized as they should be for the neediest.
Coverage sucks but the premiums went down.  Truth knows no political affiliation
Fuck you you Orange SOB, you are set on a path to destroy our ONCE GREAT nation, may you rot in hell.
Donald you should get into the habit of butting your jackets. An open jacket is not very sophisticated.
Alan Halpert
don't go with your party...they will doom you...stay genuinely trump
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Look whose supporting the 20% increases with Trumpcare! Such lies!
I guess the only thing you want to do in office is to remove any mention of the first African-American president. You, and I bet many of your base, are nothing but racists. #VetsAgainstTrump
Insurance companies (corporations = right wing money grabbers) raised rates, not the Democrats. DUH!
What an admission--something the American people are using (20 million anyway) and it DOESN"T have Trump's name on it!
congrats  pres/elect Trump. Ask how to properly wear French cuffs.
the Democrats own the ACA that covers 20M people and has saved countless lives.
you beed to be careful
Where's our government bet they all have the very best healthcare. No worries about. Bills while trying to recover
You have been accused of raping a child and anybody who thinks you didn't sexually assault women is naïve.
I BELIVE THAT PODESTA WAS THE ONE WHO RAPE AND LIKES KIDS...#PIZZAGATE
bill Clinton and his billionaire buddy ... let's fly on #lolitaplane
so what is your plan? If it's so bad why have so many people signed up and paid the premiums ?
Remember when you were going to be the president to all Americans?
pretty hard to do that when you have people saying "not my president "
How so? Obama and Bush at least attempted it for eight years.
he's trying to
no, he isn't. He is whining in 140 characters.
whining?
how did it feel when Hillary lost she didn't even talk to her supports she sent podesta cause she was to
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
we pronounce it a few ways: sincere, successful, intelligent. It's not that difficult.
Oops! Got your definitions wrong. Should've been delusional, unqualified, bankruptcy. 
Ha! by "delusional, unqualified, bankruptcy" do you mean BILLIONAIRE? You're silly.
Started with 8 billion whe his dad died. And now he has 3.7 billion. That's almost 5
Billion loss. Add in interest. Wow what a waste.
ohhh I'd live quite well on the interest from a billion. Can you imagine?!
Repeal & delay w/o a plan. Some people may die. Repubs will own it. Repubs will literally have blood on their hands.
I hope report of GOP doing a 15% repeal are false. 0care must be COMPLETELY repealed, and replaced with free mkt solution!
Demons frantically come out when real TRUTH shines a light and Heaven and Hell arms apart from each other.America is CHOICE
100%, I agree with you sir
You play around w/or cut peoples ability to have health insurance= YOU BREAK IT YOU BUY IT, lock, stock, & Trumpcare!
i have relatives that have insurance because of obama care. You have won the election.  You are now supposed to be for all.
Insurance rates have been going up and up for years. It's the insurance companies that increase premiums, go after them.
go trump
I think thou dos't protest too much
Obamacare may need tweaking but it is a step in the right direction. Universal Health is necessary in developed countries.
like you've ever had to worry about premiums Don you don't even pay taxes a******
#TrumpsucksPutinscock
failed like grabbing women by the pussy?
Where's the replacement? Rethugs only had 6 years to come up w something and they didn't.
Trumpcare! Making America Sick Again
not one Republican voted for it and not one Republican will keep it
At war with his own govt, keeping his own security force, admires dictators. Planning a coup!
Obamacare has saved lives.  You won't be able to repeal it without people dying and without voters being pissed at you

whatever you do, DON'T call it "Trumpcare", please!
insurance companies need to be capped on premiums. That was Obamas next step. Now up to you to go after the rich not us.
If there is an ounce of decency in you and an ounce of capablity FIX IT. THESE ARE REAL PEOPLE. REAL ILLNESSES. REAL LIVES.

You have no plan. 
You are a disaster!
I am thankful I had health care coverage under the Affordable Care Act. I would have been uninsured without it.
Ahahaha, no more blaming the Dems All you now.
300 million in usa.give them all a http://million.Healthcare  resolved
Only country you can lose your home & savings with healthcare if u get real sick  
We need St Jude's for kids with cancer
premium increases are from insurance companies. Maybe you should look past the nose on the end of your face
It certainly was the GOP who insured 20 million people
exactly what's wrong with our Gov u said ud be different! Sick of blame game! U r a joke 2 bad we have to live that joke

Obamacare did not help me.  It made it so that I could not get help.
u and yr GOP will own the failure of Obamacare. Be really carelly you have plan for all those currently covered
wheres the liberal tears guy?
He's busy doing a new mug
Whatever happens on your watch is your RESPONSIBILITY let me know if you need a dictionary for R.E.S.P.O.N.S.I.B.I.L.I.T.Y
murderer
The only reason I have healthcare right now is thanks to Obamacare. I pay $20 a month and my deductibles are fantastic
we just need to show more love and support I'm not saying I like trump but I'm not gonna hate on him he became president t
few more countries with universal health care   Romania, Russia,Serbia,Spain, Sweden,Switzerland, Ukraine, United Kingdom shame on Trump/USA
It's Trumpcare now Trumpster , have fun! Clueless!
keep talking because people on both sides are listening ! Can't trust the media so tweet away !
ALL 2017 health insurance premiums have massive premium increases with less coverage and higher deductibles!! YES TO ACA
I'm disgusted at the hate coming from sore losers! Grow up! 
Since it is not a disaster that will be hard to do.The ACA needs to be strengthened and the GOP is going to own $$ chaos
it is better than the nothing we had before the ACA!!!
i am so afraid of you.
I still see waste and excessive use of emergency and urgent care.. Ppl not using primary HC. 2 hard to make appt when Free.
What do you have to offer for Healthcare?  Put your plan out for us to see!  Otherwise, leave the ACA alone!
Very true and well said. Amazing democrats try to spin election as hacking and now saving obamacare as lack of alternative!
president Trump the Democrats thought that this would be their Golden Goose and Obamacare would be the golden egg. NOT!
YOU HAVE DONE ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO ADVANCE HEALTH CARE IN THIS COUNTRY ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!!!
...and millions of otherwise uncovered people...you dolt. Stop with the drivel. You are an 8 yr old.
they take more and more, make 3dollar extra they take 2dollars out of food
.@realDonaldTrump You are a treasonous puppet of Russian oligarchs.
russians already own almost all american banks. they control the fed, they own most of the media! look it up
do you have any idea how wrong you are? Is this pure ignorance or you are just criticising for political reasons.
NOT CAREFUL, discord & confusion GONNA GET EVEN WORSE?!!
Republicans blocked the single payer system which led to high costs. Be truthful!
tRumpCare: Insurances can charge you anything. Higher deductibles, higher co-pays, Less people eligible. #impeachtrump
Yearly premium increases have actually decreased since ACA started.  Rates will go WAY up under your plan. #acaworks
WRONG
It is called the Affordable Care Act. There is no ObamaCare.
congress would change AFA if they were forced to use it like rest of us
trump's going to nominate prez Duterte to run the new HC program...the old and sick are just shot in the streets..AWESOME!
lowest uninsured rate in US history = poor coverage in Trump's post truth world

insurance company raised premiums not Obama care..
Make whatever they come up with all federal employees including congress participate in the new plan.
You're actions are #WarningSignsOfaCreep Is Donald Trump Mentally Ill?
#TrumpFraud #boycottTrumpinauguration #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @rosie
You sound like a career politician, I think many people who voted for you thought you were the opposite.
You know it President Elect!!!
#Politics =strange..Smbdy takes initiative (health insurance). The next improves it. Continuous improvement is part of life
Remember how many more people just signed up. What's your plan?
why are you focused on blaming?
what are you going to do about people been fine because they don't have any insurance
does it cover your lips being attached to Putin's ass?  Or is that considered a pre existing condition?
"Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,""Disaster,"
to voice ur opinion in re: an Obamacare repeal, call or write your representative via snail mail: http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/ …
To call or write (via snail mail) your Senator: https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
check out what lies are being spread by 
 Bernie Sanders guess he is to keep up his image in the next 4-year election???
Obama wanted universal/single payer health care not what was put out. #DoofusChump educate yourself b4 speaking.
I have been waiting two weeks to get an ok to go to a specialist, because my cancer , has come back on my skin.   Per doc
just like you will own the disaster of your presidency.
/ And Nancy Pelosi stating "We have to pass it before we read what's in it".
why are you trying to divide this country further? Americans need to work together instead of growing further apart.
make all the Dems own #Obamacarefailure & go back to competitive open markets! Who cares about insurance if you can't eat!
@brucehallsports #Calculation Somebody studied The Art of War.
- You have no idea what you are talking about. 
#ZeroDaysWithoutBeingANationalembarrassment
Before dropping the present plan the GOP should come up with their own. Then let America pick the better plan.
@Trump4Hope has anyone noticed that democratic leaders all look like the central casting for cocoon 3 @ old and tired
@KellyannePolls @mike_pence 
Please say this isn't so...careful who you trust.
My son, a transplant patient is working and having a time supporting his family.  Please help.
You are so ignorant, it is called the "Affordable Care Act" Be presidential and stop whining! #LordCheeto
Forget it was Republicans that implemented- helped prevent funding for said program. Is this #1984 all this double speak.
Obama care sucks and them stupid phone's he started spy phone's f him
20 million more insured. 
Coverage for pre-existing conditions. 
Parents covering children up to 26. 
Not a failure.
and then you reincarnate it to trumpcare!
you must be careful not to screw it up even more! There's a lot of good in Obamacare, so be careful what you ask for....
. Some of the trolls here are just Lenin's "useful minions". Pay them no mind.
Why are you placing party over what is good for America. You said you were different but you should like the establishment
Healthcare is essentially noncompeting. Should be public good-like education. Equal access & #1 goal=health not profits.
My premium down to $82/mo, $600 ded. $51,000 surgery covered 100%. Poor coverage and massive premium increase? Not for me.
you can force insurance companies to adjust the costs of copays and deductables to match inflation? The rich should pay
Stop TWEETING and fix it. Cause if shit goes sideways now it's Trump that broke it. You OWN IT!!! With your own little hand
kind of scary to be responsible huh?We all know you're not up to the job pathetic orange boy. Lousiest inauguration ever!
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr congress is also responsible for the failure of ACA. They did nothing to fix problems.
Never let them live down the lies of Obamacare....keep your coverage, doctors, lower premiums, etc.
The only country that doesn't invest in its citizens. Why is it drugs are so cheap outside the US? Same corps.
Did Assaunge tell you that?? Those of us in the US who have ACA love it and are grateful. Fools advise you or are you the fool?

and what do you plan to do about big pharma? $500 for RX eye drops. Come on man!

Let's pass the Great American Health Care Act!
Synonyms for "disaster": catastrophe, debacle, fiasco, nightmare, calamity, train wreck, failure, etc.    You're welcome.
When I say poor coverage I am referring to the record low number of uninsured Americans.
WRONG!
ummm,  premiums and coverage are the providers responsibility not the govt. in ACA.  Do you know how insurance works?
