So you're going to institute #SinglePayer by ExecOrder now right @realDonaldTrump? (Aetna's just an unnecessary middle man anyway)..#Trump
That is why you need a national single payor health system like Europe, they don't have citizens filing bankruptcy because of health costs
We will all be in a #deathspiral if you don't start building walls around the entire nation NOW! #4WallsNow #MAGA
Instead of calling names and insulting our countries ability to do great things, you need to get building the WALLS! #4WallsNow #MAGA
elim of particip. mandate makes prob worse--only the sick participate, ruining risk pool, and making pool imposs to insure.
Not right! Why should I have to buy health insurance to lower cost even if i take care of myself,  work out, eat right,  don't smoke,  drink,  do drugs etc? Riskpool not my problem
Ma'am: same reason you have to get auto insurance even if you don't speed and don't run red lights. Good drivers pay less, bad drivers pay more, but all have to get ins. (If you only have to get auto ins AFTER you get in an accident, soon there will be no such thing as auto ins.)
By that logic NO ONE WOULD HAVE FREE HEALTH CARE BECAUSE NO ONE HAS FREE AUTO INSURANCE!
?
Who says anyone should have free healthcare? Certainly not me.
I'm pointing out that if we have an insurance based system (and we do):
1. the risk pool matters...a lot
2. if you don't mandate participation (similar to auto ins) it doesn't work
The Pres is ignoring both points.
So instead just pull the plug now on millions of people creating a faster death spiral, that's the logic? 
The dems are gonna live and die with ACA.  Yes unfortunately it's the only answer he has left.
Aetna plans were all garbage. It's no wonder nobody did business with them. Our company had plans thru them. Uh uh! No way
Glad you're excited about people losing coverage. You will have lots to celebrate if your "healthcare" bill gets passed.
Instead of wasting time with AHCA, you could have improved ACA. Proving Obama a failure more important than actual affordable health care.
I am sure Blue shield Blue Cross will exit Arizona as well....lots of people will be affected
You can be too ignorant to know you’re ignorant.
GOP scammed Americans for $1.3 TRILLION for spending AND $120 MILLION of that is just for your family per year & we can't get health care?

The same @Aetna that engaged in price gouging of it's customers?
You are the moss corrupt .unsecured ,incompetent president ever to run this country
Handy that Aetna is not mentioning it's massive profits nor is Donald.
Then get smart and change HCB ! Don't LIE AND KILL AMERICANS! I'll never vote repub again in my life!
Obamacare vs Trumpcare
https://twitter.com/MattBors/status/859918132114104320 …
How's the health care in Russia?
#trumprussia
you should lead us not fear monger. Thanks though
Remember when the goal was to end world poverty, have world peace & save the planet? …

Then Donald Trump was elected!
Yeah? How was that going?
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
Yet Congress wants to keep it for themselves
JUST IN: ObamaCare repeal bill contains exemption for members of Congress and their staffs http://hill.cm/nPH6pef  

You don't even know what you are resisting. You should resist your willingness to follow weakness.
Like a weak Prez who hasn't passed any major legislation through a House & Senate controlled by his party? And yes, we know what we #resist
RT The new White-Collar criminals of this era are the CEOs of the big Healthcare Insurance Cos. Lying CEOs. #USA #FullRepeal #Congress @GOP
~ Someone's DEFINITELY getting Billions from Americans.
I would argue the massive tax breaks given to companies to pay for employee healthcare has shredded the individual market.
Insurance companies find it more profitable to sell a product that other companies pay for in free money. Shock.
The only "death spiral" is your presidency, given the @FBI and @NSAGov investigation into your treasonous actions with #Russia.
Free market health care is the only one that will ever work completely. Allow groups to form insurance alliances to lower costs.
Please solve the kurdish problem in Turkey..

Obumacare disaster will be repealed today lifting the unconstitutional  burden of FORCED insurance off the backs of American Citizens
#MAGA
Make America Gullible Again 
American Citizens will get their choices and docors back when Obumacare is repealed!
People wait until they have a pre existing condition before signing up instead of paying into the system....scam.
Hell is empty and all the devils are HERE ~ Shakespeare @SpeakerRyan #health #ACARepeal #MorningJoe #ObamacareHelpedMe #VoteNo #TrumpRussia
So come up with a GOOD PLAN, not this garbage that you are putting out. Remember, you will own the AHCA and it won't be pretty
THANK YOU for the TWEETS!!!
We LOVE your transparency and keeping us up to date on everything.
Hey Donnie, how does the president reconcile the fact that congress has healthcare while denying citizens the same care?
Lies
AHCA is death spiral for 24 million americans
Thanks to Obummer
It is always nice to hear people blame the ACA and not corporate greed
The ACA was a flawed concept Ppl aren't in business to lose money but to make money
Psalm 34:8
Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good; Blessed is the man who trusts in Him!
Holy hell the bigot.  Eew
Same is happening in Iowa.
Don't believe it http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/24/investing/aetna-obamacare-humana-merger/ …
Getting a lot of mileage out of this lol. I realize it's old article, diff co. Was rushing to find this because it's similar situation 1/3
2/3 insurer with deceptive motives. ACA needs support and fixed. Those of you pro-GOP are supporting something worse for everyone
3/3 maybe you don't know. Maybe you resent a system that cares for all. Either way you've no credibility supporting billionaire tax cuts
I know exactly what I support!  NO ACA. I pay $495.00 a mo. with $6,800 deductible! Pays nothing, and NOT Affordable!!!
shill account

You made a promise that people would be better off under #TrumpCare versus Obamacare ... would you like to make a bet?
Why are you trying to pass #Trumpcare before the CBO scores the plan?  Could it be that the plan isn't as good as you say it is?
Most Americans want the ACA fixed. Trumpcare is opposed by all healthcare experts because it hurts too many Americans. Here's the list.
No only the Dems want it fixed
Please share your source - mine say 57% of Americans.
Your source liberal MSM
USA Today, The Week Wall Street Journal, Boston Globe... Your sources?
All liberal BS espousers
Exactly Obama's legacy being deflated one exec order after the other Now the cherry ACA is imploding
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Trump& R Team doing nothing to fix healthcare - not funding insurance companies according to current law! SAD! They've broken it! They ownit

Anthem announces it will withdraw from ObamaCare Exchange in Nevada 
You put "death spiral" into a tweet about healthcare?  You're ok with that?!

As you fight to remove coverage for pre-existing conditions. 
You sure twisted that to death
"death spiral" is a QUOTE.  I twisted nothing.
Death spiral! 'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'https://t...
Losses!!?? Their CEO got a $6.7MM salary bump so perhaps the money went there?!?!
Presidential Obstruction Death Spiral #TrumpRussia
Aetna is as ethical as you are! Lmao
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Trump has a very severe mental disability and should not be President of the United States of America, national security is in jeopardy.
Trump's disability is: lack of character, inability to empathize, no moral conscience, limited ability to care, myopia, & narrow thinking
and Trump is unusually incurious,abnormally unintelligent,amazingly inarticulate,incredibly obese and apparently quite proud of these things
Ha, ha!  Trump is entertaining also, wake & go find out what outrageous mind-blowing thing is he up to today.  Not always that amusing tho
Someday, we’ll look back on this, laugh nervously, and change the subject.
I wish him no harm, just dislike him saying "what the hell, we are all saved by grace", then do whatever.  He needs to examine his own bias.
Well, somebody has to have something besides hate for him
He is a major lesson in human nature, & we are all human.  Obtain insight.
Your presidency is in a death spiral!
From the looks of it....so is his marriage
The Obamas are looking pretty romantic to me..maybe watch nothing better than watching 'fox / ailes
Death spiral glee? Like you gloated the morning of 9/11 of having the tallest building in Manhattan?
Obama care is in a death spiral
thanks to corporate greed and republican interference
Yeah sort of like your Presidency
Here's why, and you know it. Say it, do you know it? Don't lie. Do you know it? Yes. I've tweeted this to you at least three times.
Aetna has denied my husband's MRI because it's worker's compensation! He needs one really bad!
Hi, would you like us to look into the authorization & see what options are available? You can follow us for assistance. ^NE
What's the difference between a Trump voter and someone in a comma? The person in a comma still shows signs of brain activity.
You might want to learn how to spell the word "coma" before you start throwing it around
the point remains the same .
You are sad.  Let the past go. Learn how to keep on point.
I love it when people call liberals snowflakes when you gather enough snowflakes, they can cause an avalanche!
You have lives many people in your hands as well as the deaths of many people in your hands
Blame imploding Obama care & obummer for this
No. Trump is President. He has said he wants AHCA to implode. Trump voters are the cancer of America.
No it is imploding he's just stating the obvious Insurance Co are dropping ACA It's imploding BC it's a flawed concept
Hey - personally I have no qualms with the implosion. I live in Australia and we have fantastic healthcare. I'm an impartial bystander.
Lucky for you Obama wasn't the architect of your health care plan.
Zzzzzzz your Obama hate clouds your mind.
Your inability to think rationally a permanent handicap Called liberalism a mental disease
As president, you would work to keep insurance companies IN these markets. Or... you could preemptively shred coverage for tens of millions.
You should complain to failure Obummer about that  He created this mess
no, the insurers are sabotaging it because they stand to gain by going back to the old system.
No they are losing money with this imploding monstrosity
that's not a refutation of the point, learn logical argumentation. and they aren't losing money, they just aren't makings as much...
You don't understand economics Liberalism & rational thought aren't natural partners
that's not a refutation either. If they're business is health insurance and their model is not insuring people they need a new job.
No you don't understand busines trys or economicsThey are losing billions under obummer failed HC plan
Misdirection folks. Dont pay attention to horrible healthcare bill House GOP wants to pass today.So many of you will lose care.But I'll win!
Obummer brought you failed ACA
If ur on Breitbart, you Pawn, you'd say that. The Trump minions will be shocked when they realize the GOP has their fist in their ass. Sad!
You're really slow Why else would you've voted for Obummer with his imploding ACA
You're going to remove healthcare for at least 24 million Americans so you can pad billionaires' pockets, you horrible monster.
And. AND! You've added a provision that will jack up prices for those NOT on ACA.

You're going to cost millions of Americans their lives.
To anyone not the President: call Congress today.

Tell them no on AHCA.

I don't care if you like ACA or not, the new plan is worse.
"Death spiral!" Is one of those phrases you never want, or expect, to hear from your leader. "Weenus" is another. "Moist."
Trump invoked the so-called "Nuclear Option" when his mashed potatoes came out lumpy at dinner last night.
The new #GOP healthcare plan proposes to offer U.S. citizens free euthanasia in an effort to reduce costs. That's morbid.
That's the premise of Obama care
end of life planning is not euthansia.
and it was voluntary...  a positive for the patient and the family.
Insurance companies leaving ACA a success story?
You lie. You've created the uncertainty and you're pulling the transition payments for insurance companies. Any problems were created by you
Ur administration has caused lack of stability. It's YOURs & GOPs fault! #GetAClue #LiarInChief #TraitorInChief #Resign #ToddlerInChief
Hilly lost the election not because Comey but it was her support of govt health care
Even though I disagree with your having a Soros liberal as your principle advisor I enjoy your tweets
#deathcare #Trumpcare not only harms people w/ pre-existing conditions such as cancer, it lets insurers charge 5 TIMES MORE on seniors.
President Trump, there are ways to fix ObamaCare, leaving us with something much like what you promised. Veto AHCA so millions don't suffer.
on the other hand, things have been great for us in new york
You really are buying that insurance companies are losing money?!  I guarantee they are making hand over fist!
U.S. judge finds that Aetna deceived the public about its reasons for quitting Obamacare.. Aetna lied too? Danm!!
Fire Aetna!!!  We can do better ourselves ...single payer already Mr POTUS man.
#SinglePayer
Bullshit! Aetna is exiting Ocare because its CEO only made $27.9 million last year, Mark Bertolini highest paid health insurance CEO. #truth
Take profits out of health care.  Anything else WILL fail.  #MedicareForAll

Donald, Read the George Will column today?
Wait. You mean the insurance companies aren't profiting and the people are getting health care?? The horror.That's not fair.. how dare they
Leaving other companies a chance to raise premiums by NOT competing with them... that how your "free market" works...
If we're lucky, @realDonaldTrump will exit his office and resign #impeachtrump #100daysofshame You Fail!
Perhaps this is because for-profit healthcare is incompatible with the actual provision of healthcare.
Yes but they're lying. That's not why, and you know it.
Once again, a death spiral caused by you--no company wants to sign on when health care is being decimated. SAD!
That's because congress is cutting funding
Yeah we know they will have losses they want games by kicking people off and making money you get that right?
Your promise to make health care better is not the reality of what Congress has put together, it is not cheaper, it does not cover more?
Aetna is in the death spiral
Already did in Idaho
You are forcing the ACA into failure by reneging on the commitments made to the insurance companies. You're a liar.
and you are happy to let them pull that sh*t to satisfy your own personal agenda / vendetta.  Pathetic
Aetna raised rates in VA last year so as not to be competitive. No wonder they are failing Americans.  Sad.
If the GOP hadn't ripped &gutted OC-it could have been great but u money hungry fuckers couldn't stand for losing the I steal from the poor
Who knew doing "insert anything" could be so hard! Everyone except you, did you get out of first grade?? Traitor
"Republicans were hoping to sneak this through before the American people noticed..." #ProtectOurCare #MarchForTruth
But as long as you are friends and business associates and everything else get their money that's fine the rest of us can suffer
Death Spiral, that's what we should call your presidency of our country.
You r the antichrist
They just reported 8 billion profits for last year!  These CEOs are taking home tens of millions.  You don't see the problem?
No Need to talk about Ocare. Now let's focus on Trumpcare since  217 REPS  voted with NO clue on cost. Death Spiral!!!
滚犊子
Want to bet?
Your attack on "the law of the land," one which provides for the poorest and neediest Americans, is hateful, unethical, and unconstitutional
Your ignorance and greed are shameful.
Just cuz you keep saying it, doesn't make it true. You're not strong enough to be your idol, DF.
Aetna is a crap company.
Let us know if we can help with your concern. Please follow and we can send you a DM with our contact information. Thanks. ^TH
Trump and the Republicans are monsters.
Just a friendly reminder~Aetnas CEO Mark Bertolini doesn't care about policy holders... just his YUGE $27.9 mil salary!
Aren't you gonna force them to cover Americans the way you want to force companies to hire Americans?
You're an embarrassment to this nation. Resign.
Who cares that company is aweful refuses to pay claims it's terrible
and that is your fault
The @FBI is taking so long to arrest @realDonaldTrump because they can't find the adolescent hand cuffs to fit his tiny hands. #TrumpRussia
@_DanMangan the Insurance Companies are in there glory counting there millions and see how many sick people they can DROP
becoming Trumpcare now, can not blame Obama anymore
Can't wait 4 the deliverance squeals of trumpers when they realize they can't afford premiums or co-pays.
Stop watching the news and do your damn job.
when aetna was denied a legal merger the CEO SAID he would pull out of exchange as revenge! NOT because it was bad.
Single payer.
Congress, too!
If not good enough for them, they should NOT get a vote!
Mass political suicide today!
The only "death spiral" will be coming from those who can no longer afford health care or have a preexisting condition.
To deny people coverage is not the solution to the insurance companies' need for profits. For profit health care is killing us. #hr676
Speaking of death spiral, is it true that your approval rating is down to 36%, maintaining an all-time record low for a new President?
universal health care,universal health care,universal health  care,universal health care,universal health care,universal health care
Your marriage is in a death spiral
#SmallMindSmallHands
YOUR PRESIDENCY IS IN A DEATH SPIRAL!!!
All this so call caring for the people is bs. Its all about the stocks and investments.
Trump your lying scare tactics to try to pass your weak health care reform is getting old.
The only death spiral is our Country because of you.  The Trump name will forever be tied to you and Will be synonymous with Benedict Arnold
#GopCongress #Trumpcare is #DeathPanel we now have a record who is for Big Biz and against the sick. The CBO Scoring will shock the Voters!
Our VA is in a death spiral. Now taking benefits without reason.
Death spiral for many people who will lose life saving treatment under your regime. #shameoncongress  #shameontrump
Remember, when the AHCA does fail the people,  and it will, Donald J Trump and the GOP will take the blame. Sleep well.
You're a murderer.
We want #freemarket
Aetna experienced losses because it was grossly fat. They make LOTS of money. They overpay execs and waste the rest.
Only country with the for profit Healthcare industry beast. 3 years no executive bonuses, see where costs are. Congress buy own insurance.
of course they will exit but ACA restricted their profits
If this option is "So fantastic", can we the people exspect to see all law makers in congress and Senate to use same healthcare? YEA RIGHT!
Fix ACA do not replace, for you will own it and be replaced yourself.
Insurance companies need to be regulated. Just received another letter, my husbands supplement BCBS just went up again. Twice in one year.
Because it is nothing but a money racket!  We are dealing with LIFE here!  Not real estate you joker!
Check with the Doctors no one likes Obama care
Your presidency is in a death spiral. I can't wait until you go to jail.
OMG Death Spiral!!Yawn
Stop worrying about your friend's bank accounts! They'll be fine. Been stealing from us for years.
Its crazy how tax payer funds are paid for research, then the public is charged more for the products..more generics would lower ALL costs
how can you expect any of us that have an preexisting condition to accept your new health care plan, the cost is ridiculous.
You and Republican cohorts cause this, then tout evidence of failure. Cripple something, then say "see, it doesn't work." We can see you!
