@bridget4kicks If they're UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS how do you know they are criminals?

I hope so
TURN AROUND AND I WILL TAKE TRUMPS KNIFE OUT OF YOUR BACK.  THIS IS WHAT HAPPEN WHEN YOU WALK WITH THE DEVIL. YOU WERE A STEPPING STONE. SAD
Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. http://45.wh.gov/PdWCQa ...
@Reince45 Cancer Researcher from Iran was detained and denied entry  at Logan Airport for no reason yesterday. #shame.
You corrupt her memory by attaching her name to this law.  This is how she will be remembered... shameful of you and the GOP.
I live in Woodbine, Nashville TN.  As a lifelong resident I can tell you it has become horrible here with illegals and immigrants.

Kate's dad says knock it off.

Kate Steinle’s father: Leave my daughter out of the immigration debate, we didn't coin "Kate's Law" http://hill.cm/b97yaQ6  

Yeah congratulations on a bill getting passed that is pretty much "swallow the elephant gag on the gnat".

Kate would have disappeared down the memory hole, just like thousands of other victims of illegal immigrants in this country. in thiscountry
If not for Trump, the murder of Kate would have disappeared down the memory hole, just like thousands of other victims of illegal immigrants
The following is what "rhayat10" said:

https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJo6hxDm5SGls0WJKxbj_Yj2x5bTqIjIsgDhM0/ …

GO TRUMP
It's refreshing to see these bills coming to fruition.
and where are you putting the white supremacists that are killing our citizens?
Thank You!!
#25AmendmentNow
Amen
Best POTUS
How about a Sandy Hook law banning assault weapons for #WeThePeople
And you own Trumpcare! #byeRepublicans2018





No harboring criminal immigrants!!!!!!
THANK YOU!~
Staff wrote this #25AmendmentNow
Dems should be ashamed of themselves for not voting to protect American citizens lives and punishing those who would do us harm never forget
@realDonaldTrump Every illegal is a criminal & must be deported. No tears for law breakers! #BuildTheWall #KeepUSSafe
Friday, 18 y/o Bianca Roberson was shot In the head and killed by a White American dude? Anything? Bianca's law perhaps?
about time
The Senate needs to pass this by whatever means necessary! Sick to death of our Republican leaders in the Senate! GET OFF YOUR BUTTS!
滚犊子
obama already did that.
No santuary for the illegitimate inPresident.
#25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
Keep in mind the part about no sanctuary for criminals. Your words may come back to haunt you. #LockHimUp
Bunch of crap.  You want to keep Americans safe?  Tighten the gun laws!
1maga-rwd
No worries about the na sayers Mr. President, I know you will get it done!
#TrumpOnlyTweetsFakeNews
Thank you , President Trump . Our legal citizens, immigrants all,  deserve protection from the criminal/illegals who rape, rob, and murder .
You know Sanctuary cities promote law enforcement by encouraging undocumented immigrants to report crime without fear of deportation right?
When are you building the wall
i'm telling you there's something wrong with that no sanctuary act. not every case is honest or clear cut. trust me.  i'm from #Texas.
Poor lovely Kate. Take that SOB criminal out into the Nevada desert and drop him into a hole there.
Making America safe first!
Concentrate on now not 4 years from now. Stop receiving funds for reelection. Its too soon. Wait 3 years.
Mammadov can wait
I dont like to lose. Is a threat to all who got in his way. There is power in numbers, continue to oppose him
Marshall law is your goal
people do understand the difference between immigration and illegal immigration right?  We need immigration/ not illegals
Your mouth should seek Sanctuary from your brain. You have what the kids call Constipation of the Brain/Diarrhea of the Mouth. Tweet LESS
Because only crimes by immigrants count?
A  TRUE LEADER!!!
Since you are the biggest criminal of all, does that mean you will be resigning?!!
Thank God!
Well you're in the white house isn't that Sanctuary for a criminal ? what the fuck?
Thank you Mr. President for always keeping your word, you are simply the best of all our President.
Geeez.  Didn't see a Sandy Hook law.  So it's ok for citizens to kill each other.  But a no no for an immigrant.  Go NRA!
Evidently criminals have found sanctuary in the White House.
A very good thing.
Wrong!
No criminal should have sanctuary. Will making illegals afraid to speak to police help find criminals. Process all criminals equally.
Keep going strong, Mr. President.
#Hate. @GOP has no respect for #familyvalues only for #KKK #WhiteSupremacy. Real terrorists here? #WhiteNationalists.
HOW TO BE A DICTATOR 

Never miss an opportunity to instill the fear of other.  The foriegn is scary to the uneducated. Use it to unify base

Who is Kate?
BFD. Typical bullshit.
Kate's Law must pass!  Helping Make America Safe Again!
Love you and all you are doing for our country and children!!!
#LoveTrumpsHate  You won't win 45
States will challenge the law. Federal government infringing on the States.  This is how your Constitution and freedoms are chipped away.
...except for criminals who violate the emoluments clause of the Constitution. Other than that, NO SANCTUARY.
2017 THE YEAR HATE RULED THE USA TRUMP TRUMPS IT WITH LOVE,PEACE,$$$$ #TRUMP TRAIN
Yahoo for TRUMP PRESIDENT TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
Trump 2020
This is truly a new beginning!!!!! Love it! 
NOT EVERYONE IS A CRIMINAL LIKE YOU, YOU A-HOLE
Stop tweeting man ... I thought Twitter was for peace n for the young n restless.  Dude u are "annoying" i have to discontinue you. Sory!
MASA America First
, we count on you to make the people of this great nation safe from this crimals. Dems only care about themselves
I'll bet you look good in an Orange jump suit.
In full support of this bill! It needs to be enforced as strictly as murder!
Stop.  Just stop.
More murders are committed by whirte men in thUS than by immigrants. Facts. Something those seeking to stir up hate like to avoid.

Don't speak. You have nothing of substance to say. #Fake45
Now how about banning this
you are an awesome president.
When will Senate @SenateGOP  pass Kates law and the defunding of Sanctuary cities???  Needs  51 votes. We're expecting McConnell to do this.
"Kate's Law" wow, thats low
I agree on the tenants of this bill, but if cities are not compensated for the extra cost  of holding offenders it will be unsustainable.
You can't ask states to do federal enforcement it's not legal dump ass-
Criminals have never received sanctuary in any city. More #TRUMPFAKENEWS
More targeted racist legislation, oh boy
Everyone feel safer?
This is a big win for all violent crime victims everywhere. Finally,a red-pilled @POTUS who turns a deaf ear to agenda.
Pass legislation that makes illegal aliens & ALL foreigners unable to get US citizenship for offspring born here by the misuse Amendment XIV
Hey, anyone hear anything about this thing called Kate's Law? And No Sanctuary for Criminals? I wonder what's up these days?
Where ever will you go now.
Thank you Mr. President!!! We the people...Love you!!
Great job! About time!
Tax sanctuary cities to help fund deportation of illegal immigrants. They're making deportation harder so they should pay more.
#ReleaseTrumpKuschnerIvankaTaxes

 #IndependentInvestigation

 #Emolumentsviolations 

#PresidentRussianspy 

#ObstructionOfJustice
Thank you Mr. President. Behind you 100%
When will Mitch get it through the Senate .. to your Desk for ink?
Get ur done! 
Hopefully the senate will pass these bills also.  Americans are proud of POTUS.  These 2 bills are important for us all of us #MAGA
President Trump you are always giving America hope. Thank you so very much. @josephalorenzi
End DACA and send these animals to jail.  Put them on a boat and send them out to sea Germany will take them
We need this bill.




It's about time!!!
Invite Bill OReilly to signing of bill when it becomes law!
Now @SenateGOP have to do their job!
Bravo! Pres Trump, pushed all this through while under attack, 24/7, by the Democrats and their smug media.  All funded by George $oros!
Not all illegal immigrants are criminals Donald. Your father was when he came to America. Would you have let him in??
Go Trump! 
Why did California pay an illegal 190k? Can you please look into this & PLEASE #DEFUNDSanctuaryCities #ProtectAmericans
This is the most outrageous crap. Was stunned when I heard this yesterday
#KatesLaw will not make US ppl safe. More hate. More fear.
UR not after criminals,  U R after MUSLIMS.  UR Supreme Court choice is paying off. Good job!
Great! I was held up at 28 by a gang girl in Los Angeles. Never found out the outcome of the trial?
love our President Trump
Extremely proud of our President. Keep America Safe Again!
How about you pass a Cyber Bullying Act!!! Oh, that's right...your the bully, why would you care what influences  our young kids!!!!
What a sad statement. Building and repairing our infrastructure also creates jobs. Typical old white guy mindset. Slave labor.
Sound like you know from personal experience. With this admin that will change.
