#Loser
Trump is #awesome #MAGA #CNN is #FakeNews Left #deranged #Democrats
You are smoking what ever @POTUS  is selling ...buddy get your white sheet and torch and move down south
you watch too much #FakeNews like #CNN #MSNBC #CBS you have been #brainwashed. Trump will be the #best #president #ever. #MAGA
Yet Fox News is the most unbalanced,politically biased,and never credible or fair news on television. Imagine that.
The #left #deranged #liberal that you are.
And you are just deranged
I like real news #FoxNews #balanced and #fair #MSM totally #unhinged because #Democrats lost the #election. Today they still #cry #cry #cry


God save us from stupidity (Trump).
Very witty response by the way
Hey thanks lol
The whining Libtards just can't stop their crying. Even during a historic disaster they attack the President. Clueless and despicable = Libs
Trump can finally make good use of the Playdoh he gives out at disaster states.

This coming from a party that has singlehandedly had show after show canceled due to your fragile sensibilities and uneducated intolerances.
Mr. President, the flood victims should come first, not your photo op
Haha priceless.
So what are the immediate impacts from this? The more information the better!
The immediate impact from any broken levee: If you're downhill from it, get out of the way of the wall of water that's approaching you fast!
You misunderstand my intent, I'm saying they should be talking about specific neighborhoods, projected water height figures, etc.
Locals understand what "levee breach" means. Get out is the most accurate thing to say.
He's asking where. Brazoria county is massive
The locals are likely to know where these things are. Once the flooding starts people get familiar with the water around them fast.
You're assuming every local is on Twitter..
I have family on Brazoria but forgive for not being super familiar with the local levee system. If I knew where it was I could call them
Praying everyone can get out safely.  
To whom? The one who sent the rains?
Lol. That's a high-five emoji.....
It's not, really. It's one person with hands together.
Welcome to Unicode
And " 1f64f PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS" is a high-five. Even though it takes skin tones and some vendors show the whole person. 
A PhD, and that's your body of evidence? Your own Twitter thread? 
@GovAbbott Send National Guard..every boat you have..for these ppl levee breached..tons of water will overwhelm them all..@brazoniacounty
oh my #God ! May #God Save all the #people and #animals in the path
Thank you for prayers
Sweet baby Jesus ..those poor ppl. E1 on your knees ... pray, then do what you can to help them. It will take years for these ppl to recover
NOTICE: American Democracy has been Breached!  Get Trump out Now!
I see that your former team is already turning on you and releasing top secret intel, Mr. Trump
A retweet followed with "pumps still not working... " The beginning of a storyline for @realDonaldTrump ... Meanwhile, HELP THEM #POTUS45.


TRUMP: Democracy has been breached. GET OUT OF THE USA NOW!!!
Get out of WHICH AREAS?

FLOTUS?! on her hat?! 
You didn't get near any of the people, show empathy, cheered for your crowds?! 
Your hat is for sale on a Trump website?! It's not like the $40 goes to Hurricane Harvey victims!It goes to your legal defenses!!
You are deplorable!!
And for people not familiar with Brazoria County. Here's a map... location is south of Houston, population 300,000+, etc.
Omg!!! Oh no!
Pray for people of Texas ! May God keep them covered under his mighty wings of love. Praying.... Psalm 91
Didn't God send the storm in the first place?
Typical ignorant atheist comments Alex!
Do YOU really think people are getting their news from YOUR tweets?
Thankful
You need to get to higher ground and fast .. good luck and may god be with you .,..... from the UK
Don't Forget Texas Trump only went there for Press coverage & he cut @fema funding & Revoked A EO from @POTUS44 designed 4 THIS:

REV 4:9 Tells Us What Takes Place In Heaven EVERYTIME We Say This. Wow. Amazing We R Loved By GOD. We Make The Heavens Shake
Big baby trump -TYT- uk
The evidence is mounting
Here is your chance to shine! Nations First Builder should provide direct guidance to Rebuild Houston!
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break. Sound familiar. And you wouldn't even get wet.
Thank you.
Trump fires his rally coordinator for small crowd size after lying to America about crowd size.
What area's is this all of Brazoria?

Columbia Lakes is the name, it's about 10 mi N.E. of Brazoria.
@conbonjovie  Hope this helps.
Thanks they're safe for now, further north than this levee
You liberals are pathetic, bashing Trump for retweeting something helpful for people in a desperate situation. You guys should be ashamed.
Not good!
Go back to Washington and do something besides the ridiculous. if nothing else help to US and resign
Schiff: House Intel Committee Needs More Resources For Russia Probe http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/schiff-house-intel-committee-needs-more-resources-russia-probe … via @TPM  Liberty in America has been breached.
+ LORD HAVE MERCY ! +
Let's see those taxes, comrade spectator
Love and Prayers from Virginia 
There's an unconventional way to help. You can select schools for coke rewards points and pick an effected school. Box tops for edu help too
I'm doing that, too.  Assumptions much?  Sometimes people also need to know how that others care, too.  Sheesh.
What no one was keeping an eye on it to know that it was fractured.
We are praying for you Texas 
Praying?  lol.  To what?  To who?  Two hands actually doing something is better than 2 hands folded in prayer.
I live in Australia & have also donated to Red Cross & retweeting help messages and info updates - so believe I am doing all I can from here
Again, thank you!
Way to warn people without electricity.
I just want to see him knee deep in water with a gator. After being married to it,  Melania deserves the inheritance.
How sick.. Can't stop the hate even when people are suffering and fighting for their lives
I don't hate anyone. I just have no respect for the little boy king.
You mean President Trumper you.I had no respect for Obama but didn't write hate filled posts about him... you are a sad
Trump
Mr. Trump. You may want to reconsider your stance on global warming.
Warmer waters = more moisture in air = bigger storms = more rain = Texas. Waters in gulf 2 degrees warmer than normal when storm formed

Quick, Donald, announce some more news of chaos in the White House FOR RATINGS... #psychopath
My entire family is in Brazoria, Angleton is dry, my sister is volunteering at one of the shelters, if u can get there, please do ASAP

Such a supportive message for the president of the United States to retweet without comment.
You're entitled to your opinion, but the president isn't an emergency broadcast service. He's here to provide comfort and reassurance.
"The president isn't (insert whatever Trump just did here)" The argument would hold more weight if you didn't make it all the time.
Actually, whether you agree with him or not, this president really does do unprecedented things all the time.
That's precisely why we wanted him. We can agree on that point. Unprecedented, however, does not mean out of the scope of his authority.
I understand that some of you really think a president ought to do these things. Just don't be surprised if others disagree, express concern
He retweeted a warning from a local account. Why is this even noteworthy beyond suggesting that he is paying attention and cares?
I love my president .. Y'all literally hate every thing he does.. Even warn people!
You are in way over your head on even the most basic challenges of the presidency. Put those tiny hands away, stop tweeting and focus.
NOW get out, after it already BREACHED???
They've been warned 2 days back
Still was late...God Bless those that didn't get out.
Be aware posts w/ photos of text are not readable by assistive devices. Adding text could save lives. #AFN #Harvey
Plus, I've been watching news, there's lots of places without electricity ... I hope they're also using AM/FM radio for this kind of PSA ...
A Flash Flood Warning was issued earlier. This text would read over the radio via EAS, as well as weather radios. https://nwschat.weather.gov/vtec/#2017-O-NEW-KHGX-FF-W-0100/USCOMP-N0Q-201708291450 …
As any politically correct politician would say, Our Hearts  Are With You Guys, Hang On in There ! Kudos from Portugal 
Americans don't want politically correct. We want the truth!! We want someone who is real and isn't a paid off politician.
Basically no one wants the Politically Correct version of nothing, but it is necessary here and there. Also, I was being a bit ironic ...
RT @BrazoriaCounty: ...
America is not perfect.
Let's get the facts before we react grandly to the red background.
Pretty sure he would know the facts.
Pretty sure he'll twist the facts.
Dad & stepmom in Richwood (outside LJ) their roads r blocked & were told get to higher ground. This AM, they were safe, but water rising
Do they need help? If so please reply w/ names, address/location, phone, urgency, so they can be added to HarveySOS database
Thank you  They're ok so far. My sister is working the shelter, so far it's doable. Just literally taking it hour by hour 
<3 That's great to hear. (well, not great. But great that they're safe right now.)

Good luck to you!
Ugh
The ASPCA is a separate org from the Houston SPCA, and we are not euthanizing animals. Learn more:
God help Texans as they face even more new challenges from Mother Nature and engineering of mankind.
EVERYBODY PANIC!!!!! awesome leadership, man.
Notice Trump and Pence fought hard to de-fund funds for disaster relief and flood pervention
Jay will only pray when his life is on the line.... don't worry God always forgives!
tRump says not one word about victims,no sympathy for the dead, sgt who drowned!! Did not visit the flooded area! Did not speak with victims
#trump #texasflooding #houstonflooding Axelrod: Trump fails his consoler-in-chief moment @CNN
Fake news.  No break, water flowing around dam
My family lives there.  My brother's church has flooded.  That is where I was last winter advocating for your campaign, Senator! Thanks!
The Trinity Apstolic Faith Church in Alvin, TX. Brazoria County. They could use your prayers. Thank you!


Heckuva lede, @jdawsey1. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/29/trump-texas-hurricane-harvey-242148 … 
Ihr spamer kotzt mich so an!
@realDonaldTrump Really sir? "Great turnout"? With (some) due respect, THIS ISN'T AN F'N RALLY!
Ah bon?
Thank you President Trump.
We APPRECIATE all your help and support! !
#GodBlessTexas 
#Harvey2017
Before HurricaneHavey recede help someone
No global warming eh Trump ? Maybe those fine Texans just aren't praying hard enough.
Just one more problem and a lot more water. States send any rescue workers you can to assist in water rescuing. Search n rescue dogs too!

Obama was a lazy do nothing until the left made this radical mulatto the savior for their radical ideas.

.
That's exactly right . Osama I mean Obama, never had a private sector job . He was a community organizer for ACorn . Complete garage.
CUNT
KKK, White Thrash 
While I do agree with the statements about not cutting funding, I don't agree with the bashing of anyone.
There are people in need and all we can do is bash the president. He's not perfect, he's human, hes gonna make mistakes..  Are you perfect?
You know Jamie, you are so correct . It really bothers me tho that all these losers do is talk trash of our elected  president !
Are you still too ignorant to see the link to climate change???

Get rid of your flood water and Donald at the same time.
Mr President. I don't know which is worse fake news or the people who believe fake news and respond Too Fake news nobody is thinking
Why don't you just stick to promoting white supremacy and neo nazism and leave Harvey to the professionals!
Reminded the more insane trumpettes: Katrina happened in '05(easy to remember- night of my Separation). Obamas not in til '08. Think!!
Yup, I'm sure they are all sitting around reading twitter. What a twit!
Which makes this all the more horrendous
That happened after Hurricane Katrina hit Mississippi & the POOR levee system around New Orleans was breached due to greedy politicians #DEM

I was the judicial clerk for the judge in the original Apraio trial. I have some thoughts on the pardon. (1/15)
Charity starts at home.  Foreign aid should be slashed in order to take care of Americans.
You know that tax cuts for the wealthy aren't going to help infrastructure. Help don't pander. #impeach
Except that those horrible wealthy Americans invest and create jobs etc . Their success should be admired . That's what The American dream
Taxes pay for infrastructure, civil servants (police, military). Cutting taxes for ONLY wealthy is not going to help TX, LA &MT.
So have you!  Why do you pretend to know or care?
Trump's reaction on seeing the devastation in Texas
Led Zeppelin told ya if it kept on raining
Did you lift ONE finger to HELP the Harvey victims today?  Or did you think that all of those people OUTSIDE were there to see YOU?
#resign
What a joke. How about direction, who these folks can contact for help?  Nah, that would be too much work. Your leadership skills r nil.
This get out now business is serious. I hope they make.
God bless all of you in Texas  and Louisiana and keep you families safe.
To all the people saving all the people God bless you and thanks you. You are all more than amazing.
The levee of rational thinking has been breached! Get out now! #ImpeachTrumpNow #NotMyPresident #getthefuckout

Don't  Panic!
Everybody panic!  trumpkin is giving 2 hour-old evacuation notices via twitter...
When Mexicans crossed our border to feed Americans in need
Trump was writing off $100 million in losses

ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING ! ! WE WILL KICK THESE TRAITOR'S OUT OF OFFICE N 2018 ! ! ! ! PLEZZ READ THIS. . . .
But, the Antis so immediately & dearly helped...
Trump dumps flood protection.
Do Rdd CD d see r the f do we xdz

NOTICE: PRESIDENT TRUMP IS AN INCOMPETENT, MAD MAN
                                    IMPEACH HIM NOW!!!
What was the purpose of breaching this and FYI this storm was cause by th government
Is there any was to stuff #scottbaio and his wife #reneebaio into the levee?  It's a start

God works in mysterious ways. Perhaps this is a way tell Trump to follow the Paris agreement. Or it is just a bad storm.
Where is my big beautiful wall

Who had the biggest crowd, the biggest turnout for a hurricane in the history of hurricanes ever?

https://youtu.be/KsI_gR-H4JY 
.@realDonaldTrump A police officer as well as many others have died! IT IS NOT ALL ABOUT U!!!

Didn't. Meet. With. Any. Victims. 


O
@Jadiewadiee
omg why'd you take the oompa loompa
Obama administration fault

Yet you have time to complain about  @FLOUTUS shoes
Donald Trump traveled to Texas, marveled at a crowd size ...
... and failed to meet with a single victim of the storm.
Are people really able to check their Twitter feeds if they are chest deep in flood waters already. You are so useless. #NeverMyPresident
Trump, what pisses me off is you can rage tweet about the smallest slight but cannot tweet about the suffering and bravery and deaths.
How many of the bitter haters here have lifted a finger to help those in need? To busy trolling Trump and spewing vitriol.


@realdonaldtrump, you R a hysterical alarmist! No constructive action provided. Worthless info.
Thankful there's someone w/ some sense & won't allow Don's hateful directive. Didn't go far enough, but it's a start
The world is few, dare to face the public president of the country. American politics and technology have the same unique innovation.
We Want Our Money  Back..We hate these corrpt Politicianz nd their Harram Khore children...Pakistan ZindaaBaad
Geez, thanks for telling us something the fake news is covering thoroughly.  How come news only lies about you?
Please be careful but not insensitive Arakan
Ok
Levee=like a dam. Holds back lots of water. Breached=simply put for you, broken. This is serious. Stop acting like this is exciting.
I would sure hope that people heed this notice, please we don't need to see any needless loss of life! Stay alive, heed this notice.

Sky stops broadcasting rightwing US channel Fox News in UK https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/aug/29/sky-to-stop-broadcasting-rightwing-us-channel-fox-news-in-uk?CMP=share_btn_tw …
Bullshit
Mr trump please listen rohinga people crying
Why are you wasting tax dollars going back to Texas? Selling hats? Seeking adulation? Coast Guard budget should be increased; not cut dodo!
Yeah,Texans are waiting for your reTweet.
That's a helpful tweet. 
Nice try with all your flood tweets. But you are disconnected, irredeemable and beyond salvation.
Mr. President, thank you for retweeting this life-threatening info. With your 35+million followers, it reached so many more people.
You retweeted this like it is good news?
And this from @realDonaldTrump
Btw is everyone's thoughts and prayers with the people of Bangladesh who currently have it a hundred times worse than Houston right now
https://www.facebook.com/circa/videos/1508616595871727/ … #RacistJoe  #RacistJoeArpaio
A WORLD of difference. Good, compassionate Pres. Obama vs. your little side-show.

xD
You couldn't type this by yourself?  And, when did you get this info? Ignoring your intelligence team again?  God you suck.
This is what a real President does when visiting victims of a flood
There was no evacuation route.
I'm in Lolo Montana, hit hard by wildfires. Leave early, & if mandatory evacuation order comes, leave when they tell you to go. Don't wait!
You are not a weather reporter.   #ImpeachTrump
En su corazon de ve ver paz y no odio de paz no armas para que se mate el mundo ayude al que no tiene y no alos rico
trump you are such a smuck!  You don't know how to help just cause panic
