Hey Donny, Bro seriously now, lay off the coke, you are becoming disjointed in your tweets...
How can you only investigate Trump when the Democrats knew about it but didn't act. It's a ploy to win 2018 Congress.
Thank you Pres Obama for saving our economy!!!
Obamas jobs were Walmart, JC Penney part time, Trumps job creation is huge, great paying jobs!
You have the facts wrong. Any economic improvements for 2017 are due to Obama's policies. Google it. A new prez can't improve economy.
Economy and stock market breaking records, less than half mexican numbers coming to USA, no google needed, all this is relative! #Maga

Keep it up trump.
OVERWHELMING evidence THIS DID happen (August 7, 2017; 7:04 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Well done Sparky, another Stock Market record to Tweet about! "Biggest drop in 3 months"!

#NYSE #FailingTrump #NoTrumpRallies
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military ...
West Virginia loves you Mr. President.
3. "BORDER SECURITY": OVERWHELMING OPPOSITION (August 7, 2017; 7:04 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Since the border is secure thanks to GWB & Obama, why do f u want to waste  billions more?
Since stock market is booming & Corporations profits exploding  y do the rich need more #taxcuts?
Trump friends Cooking THE Stock Market! The Crash is Going to be ugly for POOR & Middle Class looking to get RICH quick. The dollar is low!
Can you stop your twitter diarrhoea just for one minute and say something about the lost Marines??!
Zuckerberg,Bezos are more responsible for tech boom led stock market growth - not you and your tiny hands
Go back to run a business,  we didnt ask for a repeat of the Watergate
Keep talking until approval levels are Blutarskian...0.0%
Yeah thank goodness we had Obama to kick that all off. You're still riding his coattails. Employment is no different.
Recheck your calculations. You are either lying AGAIN or are grossly misinformed

Self praise is no recommendation.
the FBI is coming for you traitor
If there is nothing to find, you should welcome the investigation right?
Keep it coming. You may get something right. 32%. Please leave my state.
Grand Juries aren't convened without evidence, you fool.  And the stock market has nothing to do with you yet ... not until October.
Keep moving forward Mr. President. We are behind you 100%.
It's all from Obama. You've done, it could do, anything to make a difference that fast. No one could. You could screw stuff up fast though.
No shit.

He's also a horrible person and incompetent, lazy, executive.
It took you 5 minutest to type this. Maybe you had to flush first?
Thanks @BarackObama !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Keep up those rallies and tweets! You're great! 33%!!!!!!
Do some work
Weak Liar #trumpfails
I hope to God are military strong we spend like as much as the world combined
Go back to bed
=> RUSSIA! TURKEY! FLYNN! KUSHNER! MANAFORT! COHEN! PAGE! GIULIANI! STONE! DON JR! RUSSIA! TURKEY! FLYNN! KUSHNER! MANAFORT! COHEN! PAGE!
Fun Fact:  Grand Juries hand down indictments 99.99% of the time!
Look's like Trump/Russia is moving forward, and you are certainly involved!
There is a 99.99% chance someone will be charged and my guess is that it will be you and your family!
Tick Tick Tick Tick..... Impeachment season is coming soon!
Remember when America had someone we could look up to?
I remember when my kids had a role model, someone to strive to be.  Now I tell them not to be like our President!
I don't know where your information comes from but Obama is no honorable man
fun fact your numbers do not come in untill Oct.... stop being so slimmy and taking credit for what Obama did....
Take me home country road!! West Virginia & all of America loves President Trump!!! MAGA
The Russian story is being lumped in not all your accomplishments, buddy. That what you meant?
Everthing you say is FAKE. You Con small businesses out of their money. You threaten to sue small businesses so not to pay what you owe.
Only jobs u have created are for criminal laywers and replacing the people u hire then fire.
33% record breaking low approval rating

The only thing I like about you is you are so real and not fake irrespective of your ideologies
Again, Donnie...

#FakeNews
#RealNews 
Good one! Stealing for future reference!

Man, I can't wait until Trump's gone & I can have my camera roll back.

pls help russians people
How's that better trade deal coming? We're being undercut after pulling out of TPP.

Special report: After U.S. pullout of TPP, other nations launch 27 separate negotiations to undercut U.S. exporters http://politi.co/2vwIdbv  
You're getting faster at writing these multi-tweet assaults.
But more ignorant with the lies
Give the guy a break! He's got another 18 holes to get round today.
And a few skirts to chase
WE ARE WINNING!

The #TrumpTrain doesn't give up. Democrats are petrified at conservatives standing up for their beliefs. #MAGA

The silent majority will no longer be ignored and walked over like years past.

I am so proud to say Donald Trump is my president! #MAGA
Leave the country if you don't like it
Facts are pesky things. You cannot change them with your incessant lies. You colluded with Russia and everyone knows it.
No everyone doesn't know it. There are no facts caus she didn't collide with Russia explain how Russians voted
I'm so glad to have Trump as president he has done so much for this country
Job growth slumps in August 2017
Where are the jobs?
The #EqualPay?
The #LivingWages?
what is the real news though
1. any "news" you DISAGREE with is AUTOMATICALLY "fake???" (August 7, 2017; 7:04 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
...and West Virginia.  No name brand gelatins, home-made recipes...
2. "STOCK MARKET": ONLY working 4 WALL street is NOT working 4 EVERY1 (August 7, 2017; 7:04 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
The real Donald Trump
@realDonaldTrump you're pissing off the libs by #MAGA 
What about NEW HAMPSHIRE, the "drug-infested den"?

Thank POTUS!
You are pathological liar. FO

(THREAD) Trump's "Real News" show—Trump TV—is state-sponsored propaganda like what Kim uses in North Korea. It's vile. RETWEET if you agree. 

Trump is modeling after Hitler and Putin. In addition to his own prapoganda network, Sinclair will be local news in 72% of US homes.
Doesn't matter how many times you tweet it! We know you are a lier and you are going to get caught!
Mr. President,Please have the Department that issues permits for drilling coal speed up their process. No permits takes money out of my pkt.
We don't allow monarchy rule in this country
...you're ranting....
You really want to take credit for an inflated stock market that's bound for a correction ?


@realDonaldTrump is delusional.
Fake news right here folks.
Calling it "fake news" is only putting you in a much worse place politically....
FACTS Mr. President
we here in #WestVirginia love you, but Charleston the capitol is very left   help us not to get refugees to are trying to force on us #Truth
Sorry dude, but they don't impannel Grand Juries for "fake news" or "witch hunts". Your ignorance and stupidity will be your undoing.
Wow. You really believe all that crap. Bigly sad.
Yes Sir, real people are sick of hearing about that crap story.  The horse that died. We need to move on. Fire them all!
Lets talk about Clintons collusions and actually receiving monies that is proven not fake
none of which you can claim other than lies told and fear spread. Market is because greed investors waiting for dereg. economy jobs O's work

The RUSSIA story isn't fake
I'm really curious to see the extent of what you're hiding in Russia.  Bet it's HUGE!!!!
Not one piece of major legislation passed, economy still on the Obama wave, campaign and oldest son under investigation. #TrumpRussia

Must you destroy private wildlife habitats with your vanity wall? #NationalButterflyCenter
FAKE PRESIDENT
The fake news crap doesn't work Muller will get you. You colluded obstructed justice conspiracy etc. Your done. Shortest term ever
YOUR LOSER AND A FAKE PRESIDENT!!
Obama brought stock market up from 7000 to 19,000---12,000 points, and also brought economy out of a crash.

The Stock Market has risen steadily, sir, in the past several years consistently.  It's purely a fluke you happen to be sitting President.
Why do judges wear black? just another ? To make you think!
all fake news.
Scared yet, Donnie Little Hands?
Obama created ten thousand more jobs in his first 6 months than you, and you called him a FAILURE!
#LiarInChief
Where's your statement in the domestic terrorist act against the mosque in Minnesota?
Well, so now you're specifying "collusion" instead of just Russia Story!! Progress!!
This means you FINALLY accept Russia's interference

Jesus Christ Donald...Pace yourself...!!!

#TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #Collusion #Divest #USA #MAGA
Svengali President Steve Bannon...
If it's "fake news" disclose your financials, incl. tax returns for ALL of your corporate entities. #MuellerIsComing #MAGA #TraitorTrump SAD
-average job growth in the 9 months since @potus: 179K

-average job growth in the 9 months before, during @potus44: 199K

#ThanksObama
@gop
Mueller crossed that red line & is looking into ur families & your finances. That must be eating away at you! Walls closing in on you yet?
IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH
West Virginia, lol. That is about the only place you are considered   president. Most of us think you are the antichrist.
Why approve Norwegian airlines if your all about American jobs you hypocrite!!!!
THANKS OBAMA
Stock market measures the profits of 30 companies.
False , false , false and false . Stop talking.  You're embarrassing.
~ Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha You're a WHINEY little BITCH! Ha ha You're going to JAIL! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!
Some WVirginians R uneducated, bigoted,illiterate hicks...but not all of them.Ucan only hope they don't start listening 2 the SMARTgene pool
Meanwhile, last night another innocent individual was killed by a group of MS13 gang members...Good Job dude
Release your tax filings then you may speak. You are the biggest liar ever(incl. NIXON) to become President of the U.S.  You have no ethics
#1 collusion for sure. Donald Jr email. #2 stock market is on Obama pres. #3 not like there isn't already a wall there. #4 military. Not U!
Yes.There are literally DOZENS of people showing up. You must have almost 50K people who think you're a legitimate, honest, qualified POTUS
Ur the only fake person in this planet! #Fraud
Hey Groper, when you're in the Federal Pen, ask the other cons about Fake News. All cons were victims of Fake News. You'll thrive in the Pen
I ask again: if Russian collusion is "fake news," why keep lying about it? If you have nothing to hide then come clean, Donnie
Border security has hurt farmers but WHAT DO YOU CARE? Let their fruit/produce/herbs ROT becuz Americans won't pick it. PUT FARMERS CHAPT 11
Mr. President, did you know that the swamp was this dirty and also full of your own party before you ran?  I'm disgusted with them.
Blah, blah blah...  You are a broken record.  Boring!!!

W Virginia #maga
I thought you were on vacation, stop already!
Man, @BarackObama shoulders must be tired of carrying your flabby butt. When you pass a healthcare bill, tax plan or budget, then let's talk
Trump has been doing business with Russia for years. Video tape of Trump at birthday party for oligarchs son. PEOPLE CHECK IT  OUT! DJT FAKE
Notice @realDonaldTrump now adds the word 'collusion' when describing 'Fake News' Russian meddling in our election process? #LMMAGA
Your approval rating lowest ever of any POTUS! #FreePress #RussiaGateInvestigation ongoing!  #Mueller #GrandJury 

 
#donaldliesandcries
North Korea

Reading your tweets every day is like watching someone having a complete psychotic breakdown in real-time. It shouldn't be long now.
Money laundering will bring DJT down.
You've created less jobs in your first 6 months as President sir, than @BarackObama @POTUS44 did in his last 6 months. Not really admirable.
He had 8 years so why were the numbers only good for O in his last 6 months. Maybe he thought that he was going to have a 3rd term.
They consistently rose historically.  Try some comprehension, Russkie Bot.
Can't wait for the results of the investigation! You will be exposed once and for all!
It's not a fact as long as over 50% of the population believe you're lying and saying everything just to appear cute. It's a facade.
Delusional, sick fool. Dangerous to democracy. #IMPEACHNOW!
Great idea.   The Grand Juries are going to get you Trump and we'll all have the last laugh.
Why the birth certificate thing then?
President Obama legacy not yours.
Thats not NYT investigating you and your family...... just thought you better know that.

The definition of crazy is doing/tweeting the same thing over and over again to try to change reality.  Why don't you go play golf.
#RESIGN
You ARE the fake news. You are a liar.
New jobs created under Obama were much higher. Another Trump lie.
Thanks, President Obama...
Living in a fantasy world!
Coal exports up 60%. . So you can bank on winning those states again. . And that includes Pennsylvania
Here's your jobs.
All from Obama time we'll see what is from time a record all time low
FBI, CIA, Justice all say Russia meddled.  Either the entire Intel and Media are in a conspiracy or u alone are right. LIAR
and about Mccain criticizing the POTUS with his never Trump BS......Ex #1
