Im a woman, But not for D Trump. Hes running a witch hunt, all the time......... not easy to take what he sais for real.......
Thank you for making the country safer Mr. President. That's why I voted for you and support you.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! God bless you our great president!
Throw people in jail who knowingly hire illegals. End of story.
Keep it up! We stand with you and love what you're doing!!!!
Your doing an amazing job President Trump
The ban on travel by people of Muslims States should continue and construction of wall along the US and Mexico border needs to be emphasized

Keep kickin ass, Mr. President!  America is with you....disregard all the Libtards and the fake news!!

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
There goes all the democratic voters, no wonder Mad Sick Media is forcing Russia down everybody's throats, turn off the television people!
Thanks to president OBAMA for killing the leaders of ISIS..something trump DIDN'T do but steals the credit for
this person is on, DOG FOOD. LUV THE PRESIDENT.
I'm impressed  how much you've got done while golfing,watching TV, sharing classified info w/Russia, & sucking Putin's u-know-what.
Congratulations on giving Pentagon and military authority to prosecute war and on your rhetoric reducing border crossings.  Good work.
Thank you Mr. President @realDonaldTrump
We love you President Trump!! 
I love all these tweet gangsters having the time to criticize but not doing anything positive to support our country - don't like it? Move!
We want more than gang members... remove them all. You will not respect our laws if your first act of coming here is breaking our laws.
Keep killing the terrorists! Don't stop! Crush them out of existence & make examples of them! Put fear 4ever in them! Make 'em doubt Allah!!
THANK YOU @POTUS & ALL  WHO ARE FIGHTING TO #MAGA! MAY GOD BLESS, PROTECT & LEAD YOU IN THIS WAR TO TAKE BACK AMERICA!
YOU are the man....thank YOU very much! #PresidentTrump
AThank you @Potus and thank you to all our soldiers fighting for freedom 
The media hates u tweeting because the truth comes out when u tweet and the media can't say anything fake about u!!
My president. Getting shit done!
尖閣諸島沖の日本領海に中国海警局船4隻が相次いで侵入
無抵抗の日本国憲法を排除してほしい！日本国に戦う力を確保し此のギャングを退治させて http://deltainfonews.com/?p=5144    https://twitter.com/CgrDDcGhpnIHMde/status/871881513142321152/photo/1pic.twitter.com/cdzC4ezHH1 
野田数。都民ファーストの会代表。東京書籍従業員を1ヶ月で退職。保守党から兵庫7区で衆院選出馬も落選、小池百合子議員秘書に。自民党東村山市議会議員、東京都議会議員。離党後、東京維新の会結成、日本維新衆院選、猪木秘書、北朝鮮臭洗うべし
Next thing you know, the RATS will be screaming that isiss has rights to do what they do !
This has essentially already happened. Liberals screaming for Sharia Law, Islamic illegals rights etc. Resisting travel ban.
Thank you for doing everything you can.  Maybe someday congress will help you. Sorry Sessions couldn't handle the heat and passed the buck.
Keep up the good work! Now you need to  twist arms and break @gop legs to get the things done that the lying a-holes promised!!
Can we send the able bodied men back home to help the widows and orphans rebuild their country instead of American contractors this time?
What else can we ask for? 
I'll take a side of "clean the swamp" with "tax cuts" as an appetizer.
Puto
RATS were quiet when Bary was using drones & women & children were killed. Trump goes after isisis & NOW Trump is bad, evil & wrong !
YOU ARE THE SUPER PRESIDENT !!  Thank you for your incredible amazing work for America !!  President Trump !!
Terorism  = jewish mossad's
Thank you for your honesty and all you have been doing President Trump! Sincerely, THANK YOU!
@POTUS please remove ISIS from USA.  Declare #MuslimBrotherhood #cair terrorist organizations. Please stop Islam invasion to USA. Protect us
Good thing Obama's policy is working. Iraq's forces are taking down ISIS in RAQQA
Keep Tweeting Mr. President Trump!! This is the only way the truth will come out in regards of your hard work!! We the people love u!!
Thank you Mr. President you’re doing a great job
Thank you President Donald Trump,  job well done and continuing.

keep up the good work Mr.  President.  We the people stand with you.
That's what d Americanppl want!! a #Commanderandchief 2 keep us safe & provide d liberty our U.S. Constitution states & #jobdescription
I get angry, embarrassed and ashamed when I hear anyone referring/describing  trump & his inner circle as "patriotic americans"
I'm sick, ashamed and embarrassed that you and those around you refer to yourselves as a "Patriot" and "
How will ISIS be wiped out of Syria? You just sold out everyone against Assad for Putin. Is that what your "alone time" at G20 was about?
Jail
Too bad they can't take the biggest welfare family and remove that would be the dump trumps
Trump surrender to Putin and sold out Syrian anti-Assad rebels. What a traitor! Impeach now!
Sure sure. And I believe EVERYTHING you say. Sad!
Earn $4750 in a week trade with Binary/Forex trade.DM if interested in knowing more about Binary trading.
and America lags the rest of the world for access to quality healthcare!
Thank you Mr. President for striking ISIS and getting rid of the immigrants who do not belong here.  God bless you.
Support to eradicate radicals ISIS whole over the world Mr. President
Wishes you best of luck on your tremendous work salute.
Unfortunately illegals are way up in Canada
What's DNC, FBI, Intelligence, Obama, MSM, Deep State HIDING from the AMERICAN PEOPLE? Why WEAKEN Military leadership & assets? @POTUS #MAGA
Part 1 - They are, Part 2 - It's so way down big d , Part 3 Destroy their org.
You rock Mr. President
Give credit2 @BarackObama 4his Foreign Policy in Iraq-Take heed. Lexington: The Obama way of war  https://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21711884-our-columnist-travels-americas-outgoing-defence-secretary-afghanistan-and-iraq?zid=308 …  via @TheEconomist
Wish you were our Canadian Priminister.  We will take your Son.  Your pick!!
Thank you President Trump! You are a blessing to this Nation
Do your best mr. Trump because everyone who's always talking and commenting weird things about you won't make America great, only you can
Honorable Trump you are not the only subject around the world , even Jesus did what he could but people didn't recognize what he did.
Can people stop making 7-10 responses to one tweet crying
@sonofthunder20 thank you, @POTUS for Making America Safe Again!!!
I've got this swamp in Jersey available, cheap, man. #rolleyes
We Iranians hate the Democrats and we like Trump Lilbert for the sake of honesty and recognition of the Iranian regime's terrorism.
OMG !!! Fake ass news just said PRES TRUMP said goodbye to long to the French president!!!??? What has this come to!! #STANDBYTRUMP!!!
You taking credit Donny?
Wow! And you did it single-handedly from a golf cart.
Y aren't MS 13 gangs deported or put away 4 life, how about Gitmo I like that idea./have no patience 4 gangs, at all
No thanks to you - USA not congratulated for this daunting success.
@DoYourJob? Not watch #FakeFoxNews?
https://twitter.com/FtCarsonPAO/status/885878027787403264 … …
WASHINGTON — The global coalition fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria has offered its congratulations to... http://fb.me/vfTAWEX0 
Great job Mr. @POTUS
Obviously you know nothing about American gangs,they wont get weaker no matter what you do,they'll only get bigger and stronger,75%,joke
KUDOS Mr. President Sir!
Good work from a wonderful potus
Congratulations, You are really the president of USA
That's excellent, mr. president. You're doing a great job, sir. Keep it up. Have a good night.
You wont here that on the news. Good Work POTUS.
Actually border crossings are up this month and last year visa overstays were like 700,00. Unless you get @ICEgov to get 3-5x more arrests.
@CNN @Newsweek @KeithOlbermann @ananavarro #SnowFlakes #Libs @TheDemocrats  -  #ISIS is going down, but ur outraged over a compliment!
You gotta love these people trolling our President's tweets as if their comments will do anything but play into Trump's favor in the end.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump! Praise God whom all blessings flow!!!

I tried to tell you; but why listen to me? I'm not Hamilton. I'm A Hamilton Spirit.

#ThatsHowWeResist @GOP @DNC #ResistTrump…
Still waiting to hear your "secret plan" to quickly and easily destroy ISIS.
Unless you were just making that up.
Thank you
Great job!
Thank you Sir. Rock Steady   

It sounds like trump would be against his own children to get to were he wants he would do them in that's ashame what a father
USA Bikers not only don't beat up pedophile hells angels They actually pay hell's angels  http://topix.com/forum/city/bellmore-ny/TMLJFK4IJK7MTD3B0 …   http://caselaw.findlaw.com/us-10th-circuit/1086851.html …
So what are we naming the group that replaces ISIS? I like being prepared.
You had nothing to do with it Trump, the Iraqis and Kurds are the heroes
As I recall you said you would eliminate ISIS in your first 30 days as president.  So much for that.
@jabenjoh You had us at Hello....   Keep up the good work #POTUS & stay the course on the agenda. #MAGA will happen!
You've barely been in office 6 months and you had nothing to do with this you overbearing egomaniac.
Kinda weird cuz your campaign promise was to get it done in 30 days. Wee bit behind schedule, jackass.
You really need to stop listening to that little voice in your head that gives you all this "fake" information. You sound ridiculous.
Thanks for Trump! Keep up the good work! We're still behind you 100%!
I would like Danny Williams 2 get justice from the Clintons, us as well for the crimes against America they've committed.
Be careful with this HC bill, you may have to veto..I am seeing you being set up for failure.
Now let's build that wall.
No thanks to you or your non-policies, Twittler.

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
Love it.....
A dream come true
MAGA!
I love you Mr. President!  Only you can accomplish all the work that needs done in our nation.  I thank God for you every day
Thank God
Kudos Your Excellency Trump
Thank you and God bless you, Mr. President! #MAGA
Lock him up! Lock him up!
Good will defeat evil. Liberty will defeat tyranny.                        F R E E D O M is advancing !!!
Thank you to you and all your appointees !

I love the way you are handling the issue of North Korea.. God will continue to grant you wisdom in Jesus Name
U wouldnt have to worry about tax returns, Mueller, & who u can pardon if u just hopped on the next flight to Moscow! THE SOONER THE BETTER!
McCain was, is and always will go down  as one of the all-time greatest examples of what it truly means to be a patriotic American.
A great man faces many challenges and defeat all. Donald Trump you will be victory very soon
Stop smoking weed and your mind might get clear. Are you out of your mind completley? Sitting president is by far the worst ever! Clueless.
That's because no one wants to live in America anymore.
Isis killed more muslims than westerners..isis is fake organisation to make islam bad cos islam is the truth..isis is fake
Mr President I wished you get the wall built
Trump Train rolling over ISIS like a steam roller! Thank you, @realDonaldTrump for #MAGA I love and respect you!
So, what is your plan for helping to rebuild Mosul & the other cities that are virtually unlivable after kicking out ISIL?
Have you thought through the implications of giving the Kurds a prominent role in denying ISIL control of territory?
...since the Turks consider the Kurds terrorists?
...and that's "border crossing that we know about". Don't you think that the coyotes would have found alternate entry points by now?
ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; M...
Thank you
You're in need of a mental health assessment. I'm not trying to be uncaring however as a PHD I believe for your own health and America..?
we picked up fleeing ISIS militants in a helicopter.....
Your doing an awesome job sir , Love from Indian Fan
oh yeah? how soon is soon? you accomplished that yet?
,hope you wipeout Isis and wipeout white supremacy,Charlottesville,racism,USA police killing blacks for no apparent reason#
It's about time this country had a leader with some ball$
You are the strong one Donsld
http://MAGA.Every.Day !!! My President, my hero!!
Russia
Border crossing were already down, idis strategy had not really changed
Yep. Thank you sir
Are you sure about the ISIS part? How is it that ISIS is popping up in the Philippines?
Some Indian Muslims believe US responsible for ISIS.
ISIS could disappear and than be renamed as another radical Islamic militant group. . ., over and over . . .
If that's true you rock now if you cloud stop the rest of the bull shit
Thanks!!!
But, are the the baby eating pedos being taken care of? No, no they aren't. Why is that Mr. Trump? Are you in league with these cocksuckers?
I already know the answer....

Great tweet
Blah, blah, blah, blah. So you keep saying!
Test
the 1st mention of 'MS-13' appears on your TL. Now is Trending Topic in United States! #trndnl
@realDonaldTrump Watch ur back,coup going.
There are so many people to thank for this news. So beginning with our President let me thank everyone responsible for the great news
Great news sir
Go get em President Trump. haters gonna hate. Parrots gonna parrot ignore the hate. be about your business of making America great again.
Love this President! Thank you President Trump for protecting US!
Impeach Trump 2017
Good job president trump
Bcuz u r so brilliant. Please help US not 2 b implanted using medical as disguise 4 human tracking, electronic torture,mind contro lthru ACA

NOTE TO REPUBLICANS!!!
Just do it! Keep your promise! Grow a pair! SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT! 

Disgusted in Ohio
The war plan devised under Obama is working great!
I thought isis was the Jv team?
Since mr.Trump took office I've seen many shovel ready jobs
Greatest president,  doing a fantastic job.
ISIS is fake #fakewar
LIAR!
Thank you president Trump. Need to take CARE OF CAIR.
If this is true, Kudos to you!
in my opinion mr. Trump i think you should stop tweeting and please take care of us the people I am a very blessed 2have u to be on our side
Thank you for what you're doing Mr President.  I wish the so-called press would report the positives.
If only any of that was real.
Hillary and Obama were behind arming ISIS with the weapons. Depleted Uranium and white phosphorus that have killed our troops. Lock her up!
Thank you sir. You are doing a great job.
No you're not. Your the worst president ever.
Please make it soon.
