I want you to focus on what TEXAS is going through right now.
He can focus on #Texas and still be the @POTUS of the USA. It's his job!
I call B.S. Believe me, if you're going through this mess too, he needs to be more involved with all that it's going to take to help us.

This was our house 2 days ago. It's risen 2 feet since then and more COMING.
I'm heart sick for everyone dealing with floods.
It's a nightmare Theresa, and I appreciate you for caring.
Thanks! We all need to come together. When you get settled, message me. I want to send a gift from #Florida with 
The republicans ride the fence out of fear of losing votes and that's going to lose them their jobs at least I hope so
Strategic move needed not emotional response. 1st, get Dems out, rinos will know their next & support @POTUS. Dems 1st rinos 2nd.
I have to hope for the best I only have 1 vote that's not emotional its a fact wanting to hang dems that's emotional and unrealistic
Nothing wrong with that, its going to take all of us, we have to pull together and stop fighting each other. People are too sensitive
I know i have blocked a few myself I am on your side though, nice change i think
 our @potus @realDonaldTrump and the @FLOTUS.
Liberals still waiting for Donald Trump to be Impeached! 
Actually, Trump has been such a complete failure, we hope he stays and continues to break every campaign promise and con the 45Cult chumps
How about you work with the American people?
@chrgdup1973 @POTUS GOP better get act together! 2018 coming fast to #RepealAndReplace all the #Rinos

Thousands laid off at the hands of Obama admin - this can be fixed in an hour. Instead stuck in court as Obama's ED tries to not award.
BS. You don't work. You talk, talk, talk, bully, blame, insult, and then go on vacation.
And then we pick up the tab for you and your entourage to stay at your own resorts! What a racket. No wonder you take so many vacations.
You want to reduce the cost of government? Well start right there, put yourself on a budget. Stop wasting my tax dollars.

Go back to Eisenhower taxes. It built the middle class.
When is #kateslaw going to signed into law?
I hope it won't  be for the rich only.  You and your rich friends don't need any more tax cuts......still waiting for your tax return.
I've worked in music industry 40 years, 21st anniversary of my own http://www.guitarworkshoponline.com , 30% is out of business, gone since 2008. Help!
The economy is growth is 2 percent and per Warren Buffet who I admire & trust, 2 percent is more than adequate.
This is how to break down the Princes of the Potomac and to finally get something done  #bravo #welldone #TEAMTRUMP


#WhiteNationalist Party
Did u think that u could outwit 19 intelligence agencies working in cooperation? U think Trump can? Arrogance sees the fall of all men.
Ya but the RINO #GOP traitors make me sick of the GOP! 
We the People Voted Trump!
#GOP get on the Train or get replaced!
Actually the majority of votes went the Hillary, not Trump by almost 3 million. Electoral college is the only reason he is in office.
Only if you count the illegal aliens that managed to magically vote, oh,,, and  let's not forget all those dead people that were voting.
Actually, the popular vote and electoral votes were won by President Trump.
Ya’ll really don’t believe in facts, do you? What’s going to happen when your hero is indicted? Get ready, that’s coming soon!
You Libs have been saying that for 9 months now...  How's your queen of corruption doing on her excuses book tour?
That's what our President has said. Why then doesn't the GOP work with him to work FOR US? Dismiss @SenJohnMcCain , has been compromised.
GOP...IF YOU BLOCK THIS PRESIDENT...you WILL PAY in the primaries!!!


Feel bad for all the people who counted on Trump like factory & mine workers. Usually Rich Republican plans for working poor are successful!
he talks the talk but marches to a different drummer
To think I  voted Republican because I am against amnesty. What a disappointment. No more donations from me.
Now we need ryan & mcconnell to do their jobs!
We need more jobs that dont take degree's in prineville oregon (a (TRUMP) town) please dont forget about them.
You saying you want to means you're not doing it so why aren't you doing it?
Letting other people weite your tweets?
It like the song, " Love the One You're With". Work with whoever will work with you!
Yeah because the @GOP sure isn't! #TermLimits  we handed them a majority and they've done everything they can to screw us over! I'm done!
We need to pay very close attention to what's happening. Don't judge yet.
I know what you're saying....but it's hard, watching them go against @POTUS and us!
I know. It's insane but it is wise to wait to see who they turn out to be.
Have to....but, you have more confidence than I do! I don't trust ANY of them anymore
Lol! No, I agree with you!

Donald Trump Sexual Assault Accusations: Timeline And List Of Women With Lawsuits, Including A 13-Year-Old Girl
This is teleprompter @realDonaldTrump wait few days to tweet the #realDonaldTrump we know that he is a liar #Supremacist. con Artist #MAGA
Bullsh*t ! Tomorrow @realDonaldTrump will be calling anyone who won't agree to HIS plan un-American & and enemy of the nation
#teammueller
Congress please pass the Great America Agenda our President presented in the primaries and we voted for No more vacations until this is done
Why is trump selling products not made in America by Americans on LABOR DAY! No decency! None
Buzzword buzzword buzzword.
Pres Trump may have missed the boat. He could have done that  before but now the trust is lost. Mid term elections will freeze his power.
and both America and the world will be safe.
It would be nice if the @SenateGOP actually did their damn job and support our President and his electorate!
Their job is to work for their constituents not the minority of cult 45. They need to impeach #failing45 asap he is destroying america
Yes, he said that-then 5min. later called Dems obstructionists again. @realDonaldTrump behaves as if he's bipolar.
No, not bi-polar. Trump is a malignant narcissist with a tendency to psychopathy and borderline.
And still getting more done to help America than you are or the obstructionists!  Stop buying the MSM BS! Trump is a good man!
Ok, Kim...
I think no one is perfect, and Trump is not my Pastor N Chief. He is in charge of fixing economy, commanding military, & MAGA
Give one, just one thing he accomplished
Stock market highest it has ever been
I heard some on the Left saying Trump was holding this little boys hand too hard and even some say he wasn't "black" enough 
That's insane!
CNN said Trump was trying to steal this black boy!
It's really a parody pic! @MarkDice  did it first I think.
so happy that the democrats were called out. We all hav eto work together to bring America back to the rightful position with @POTUS in lead
No you won't. If it were possible to accomplish that, somebody would have done it a long time ago. Somebody is always going to get fucked.
3,000 jobs can be created overnight if the department of education would simply award the PCA student loan collection contract - 2 years!
Were you to do the decent thing and resign, it might be possible.
Sadly, GOP leadership isn't reciprocating and must go! This is a start. #PullPaul #SwaptheSpeaker #DitchMitch
good, you can start by resigning
RT @GOP: .@POTUS: I want to work with Congress, Republicans, and Democrats on a plan that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-w...
Pro American LMAO! #WhiteNationalist Party
@realDonaldTrump is the worst thing that have happened to America in decades...
You do not want to work with dems.
congrats on @realDonaldTrump for win with democrats on budget. That is huge! #MAGA
Who exactly is that a win for?
Approval rating 42 to 45, bitch slap to an unresponsive Majority, @realDonaldTrump , USA, , left and right and a wake up call for the swamp.
The best thing Trump can do is to thank the administration prior to his for their accomplishments and build on them
All presidents before 45th were anti america, anti workers, anti jobs, and anti growth. 45th is the bestest of all presidents.
President trump you are truly my president
more BS from the idiot-in-chief
Who is this Pro guy? And where does he get all of his funding? Unionized?
Could you BE any more full of bs? Oh that's right you always manage to LOL. #Resist #MAGA <--is a joke. #trumpRussia
Pro choice!
You have proven time and again your agenda is making money off the broken backs of the #AmericanCitizen
Stop the deceit corruption
Dems don't want to work with you, they alone gave us the failing Obamacare. The GOP doesn't want to work with you because they are frauds.
Liar.
You mean pro-corporation. You don't care one iota about average Americans. #ResignNow
yes, love it.put your 2 cents in Mr. President. I am behind you.
America First!!! MAGA
You really don't.  You'll expose your spiteful plan soon.  Ryan and Mitch have fallen from grace so you're just being petulant as usual.

Beats working directly with Russian spies, you treasonous f@ck.
No one believes you
Bullshit! #UnfitToLead #NaziInChief #Impeach
Don't you mean pro corporations and anti middle class?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

So stop being pro-ultra-rich. Govern for the little guy. The rich will not see a dent in their lifestyle, but you could improve millions.
The AFC has spoken. You've got to go...
Then why did you tell Daca not to worry? Get rid of them now and build the wall like you said you were going to.
A couple of ideas, Trump.
Stop avoiding tax
Stop evading tax 
Stop money laundering
Stop outsourcing labour
Stop investing overseas
You missed out the most important one Little Man . . . pro-Trump
Rainbows and unicorns - DACA the final straw
And as soon as someone disagrees with you, you will commence your hate campaign on Twitter and try to discredit them. #workingwith
PENCE PRESIDENT is BETTER for a UNITED States.  No more prejudice, Trump threats, insults, bullying.  Why defend Trump's antics?
U mean Pro business and ProTrump?
Pro #DumpTrump

So NO amnesty for DACA illegal aliens
For you MAGA's that think you are getting a tax break:
http://www.npr.org/2016/11/13/501739277/who-benefits-from-donald-trumps-tax-plan …
Can't happen until #Establishment is gone!
#BuildTheWall #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheSewer 
This is 4 U @SenateMajLdr courtesy of Steve Bannon.
Dear Mr. President, the democrats and Rino's will only attack you at every turn! They will stab you and us Americans in the back!
And undue con-loopholes of the rich thieves like you!  Don't be fooled.  President bone spur always looks out for tax evaders like himself.
Right, because dropping the overtime rule is SO pro-jobs, and "American" means working OT with no pay.
Dear Pres.Trump why can Arabs come to America and buy all the gas stations not pay taxes for 7 years only to sell to a brother or cousin ?
About time...
Liar LIAR LIAR
We miss #Bush

http://amzn.to/2wquVNl 
As long as pro-American does not include racism.
Bye Don.
Please I need a job!
=>
Hocus pocus from potus SCROTUS
His LIES are never ending
The big nit wit
Keeps talking shit
While his mind is ever bending

Poetry . . .
But when it comes to my products & workers I'm still sourcing out because I'm a lying pig
KKK in the house everyone
Yeah but republicans and democrats don't want that. They want you to play the game with them. Nothing could be more important to the swamp
President Trump your intentions are good just keep in mind that the DemoRats will criticize all you do unless it puts money in their pocket
Which is why we want to get rid of the minimum wage the Union and safe labor laws and allow companies to profit from hiding money. Merica
Bless you sir. But they won't help you. These are bad swamp creatures. But you don't need anyone to tell you. Bless you sir.
Like the unpaid contractors. Or maybe the 700,000 Americans losing their jobs, families and homes?? He is the head swamp monster.
Mr.  Clueless, I think you are too late for that.  Russia, Russia, Russia and I know you are lying. RESIGN!
America Works
Congress , I predict, will be the do nothing party, both sides.
Translation: you want to put Congress, Republicans, and Democrats to work massaging your grapefruit-sized 'pro-state.'
You plan to overturn an Obama-era law addressing sexual assault.A sexist, eradicating protections for assault victims. Shocker. #SexistPig
Great Job Mr. President!!
I have a lot of great Ideas on how to Fix America, but can't get an audience! I need some work! Have a meeting with me to #MAGA

Mr President, you may have to teach the Republicans and Dems the art of the deal, and get something done!
#EndDACA #NoRefugees #NoAmnesty #EnglishAsTheOfficalLanguage #NoAbortion
That is a lot of hashtags
And now we have a pro-high debt ceiling because he worked with Dems. Way to go. Cant wait for more lib agendas to pop out.
#HillaryClinton #Hillaryforprison2017 
#WhatHappened 
We ALL know what happened. 
@realDonaldTrump WON.
U MEAN 1ST RUSSIAN AGENT WON W.H. ?
Thank You Now that's What Our Country Needs You working WITH BOTH PARTIES TO GET GOOD THINGS DONE.  APPRECIATE YOU DOING BI PATRICIAN WORK
Congress we pay your salary please focus on needs of hardworking taxpaying Americans
We pay @GOP salary, but not bonuses; those come from: Russia, corporate pigs, #AltRight media tycoons..
#GOP bows to highest bidder.
#Resist

How is it going to work when you are always bashing those who criticized you
Just make sure you take care of the wealthiest 1%. Sounds like those folks have been suffering.
Well said. Couldn't agree more. But Could have added @pro wage-growth".
Finally the almighty Trump wanna compromise with Democrats wow!You eventually realized you 'll remain a frustrated President neglecting them
I believe you President Trump however Congress has proven by their actions that they are not pro-American and do not want to work with you
Your panicking now, you realise you can't get things passed with your own party support so you reach out to the Dems, good luck with that D

... LOSER
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS who honestly believes this? Who honestly believes anything he says?
No shit, Sherlock.
امك اسمه حنفي
Now if our party can shut up and get to work, we might accomplish something
RT @realDonaldTrump #WeThePeople want you to focus on: TRUTH, SUBSTANCE, QUALITY, & the RIGHT STUFF; RE: #Healthcare & #TaxReform. #USA #ACA
DON'T revive DACA and NOT Repeal & Replace Obamacare and fulfill the President's agenda. Recipe for political suicide in 2018 & 2020.
@SpeakerRyan...you need to start leading.
But at least Trump is doing what needs to be done to do what's best for the American people. That's why we elected him!
funny - I don't see @POTUS standing for pro anything but $$ in his own pocket! Oh, yeah and a stroke for his ego. Ask him about Russia
Trump
Thanks for letting Nancy and Chuck outplay you
Lies
Anything to say about RNC accepting foreign money donations?
Where are your tax returns? No Trump Tax Returns equals no tax reform. Stop your corruption and conflict of interest. Be open and honest!
Jobs for 100% certified American citizens. Illegals need no apply.

Sanctions will make the world turning towards China and its gold-backed Yuan. Sanctions make China great and America local.
2COR6:14 Don't team up with those who are unbelievers. How can righteousness be a partner with wickedness? How can light live with darkness?
Apparently you are still fooling 34% of the people in US.#How can the rest of US dehypnotize them ?
Then ban ALL products labeled "Made in China"!  It's all about action & we see none!
When was the last time he worked "with" anyone?
Then #Repeal Right to Work


As an RNC contributor of 30 years let me say; not one penny more so long as Ryan, Mitch, McCain, Flake, Sasser & others are involved.
No DACA.
U da man!
