AS A BLACK MAN I KNOW TRUTH WHEN I SEE ONE, PRESIDENT TRUMP IS “TRUTH” AND “BRAVE”

AS A BLACK MAN, I WILL ALWAYS REMAIN “THE GREATEST DONALD TRUMP SUPPORTER GOD EVER CREATED”

MR. PRESIDENT, ALWAYS KNOW THAT SOMEONE IS PRAYING FOR YOU.
Dallas is in Texas? Who knew? Nobody knew before you tweeted that geography lesson.
Dallas, Arkansas.
Dallas, Colorado.
Dallas, Georgia.
Dallas, Iowa.
Dallas, North Carolina.
Dallas, Oregon.
Dallas, Pennsylvania.
Dallas, South Dakota
Ooooh! Good one.
You look a right c*nt now LOL 
I’m leaving it up because you definitely got me — but you and I both know that Trump couldn’t find Dallas, TX on a map.
Thats what the pilot is for 

Can you do something with your short penis ??
Know here 
I understand they are becoming a very blue state!

Bring a gun and fire a few rounds in the air!
Stay Safe Mr. President! 
Don't come back. We want you out of dc, traitor. You should probably run for the border anyway. #ObstructionOfJustice #TreasonousTrump #UnfitForOffice
Damn.... got so excited when you said leaving soon.  If only you were leaving the WH permanently!!!
Hahaha like KILLARY!!!!!


God Bless you and safe trip
Be sure to rent a convertible! 
Haha-!!!
Just stay there and leave us alone
We don't want him.
That's whats hysterical. Donald J Trump is POTUS which makes him the most powerful human on the planet and there's absolutely nothing all the haters can do about it. 
Au contrare mon frere.......it’s called voting him out
#NRATerrorists
#GopTerrorists 
#NRABloodMoney
#WannabeDictatorDon
#WeResist
Noonewantstotakeawayallyourguns
Exactly!! We want the right to own guns too. AS LONG AS THERE ARE SENSIBLE LAWS TO KEEP THEM OUT OF THE WRONG HANDS... GEEEZ ... meet us half way 
#GunSense
Yes. There is middle ground between total confiscation and a free-for-all. I'm a gun owner who will NEVER support the NRA and who fully supports common sense gun laws like stronger background checks and longer waiting periods.

I bet you’ll head to Florida for more golf afterwards. Wasting American tax dollars is the only thing you’re good at.
I hope he falls in one of Dallas' giant potholes and is never seen again.
pigman
Ted Cruz's dad is the real threat.
He's here! I saw him leaving his mega church this morning with what looked like a sniper rifle and a "Dead Presidents" t-shirt. @FBI, @CIA, @Interpol, @tedcruz
His dad sound like a nut IRL.
He absolutely is.
We don't want you here. You are an embarrassment

But with Katrina, you came to Texas to scape from your demo-rat Governor that almost killed half of the proud lazy Louisiana residents!
LOL...you are truly deplorable. So many Trump supporters hate themselves.


Good thing you added “great state of Texas) so your supporters know where Dallas is.
Which is why I’m leaving Texas and heading to New Orleans!! YaY!!
Meanwhile the rest of us knew which state Dallas was in...
Yes, we just do it with Democrats!
Unaffiliated, but I’d never support a Trumpublican.
Who cares!!!!!!!!
I guess you, you keep commenting...
So...what’s the over/under on the number of lies you get caught telling today? Yesterday, you broke records the likes of which no one has ever seen before.
Hi, Donald. This is Jesus Christ.

You're just an awful human being. And all of us in Heaven are glad we'll never meet you.

Anyway, have a good one. Try not to further endanger the world because you must overcompensate for small things.

BTW, Barack is our favorite in Heaven.
Yeah I'm sure Jesus loved Obama forcing Catholic hospitals from handing out birth control.
Neil Cavuto speaks Truth to Power. There are now 2 real newscasters at Fox News. 

@ShepNewsTeam @TeamCavuto @foxandfriends
Trumps most fervent supporters are beginning to waver in their support. #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpResign #Loser
Have fun with the gun nuts at the NRA!  Make sure none of them are carrying at the event. 
@NRA @PressSec #GunNuts 
#TrumpTrash #Loser #TrumpCrimeFamily
Perfectly clear and concise. #overcompensating
I could make a remark about history here but naw
Like it's a nice day for a Presidential convertible? Everyone wants to say it... but nobody wants them type of problems. 
No, we just use them for DEMOCRATS!!!
You already used that comment on another post. You used hyphen rats. You Are The Problem.

Really? Like he did in Vietnam?
No, like he is serving for free and donating his 400k salary to charity..what have you ever done for your Country except suck off welfare?
Not to charity, moron. In the meantime, he’s making far more than that in graft.
Smartest President ever
When Trump tweets, the haters freak out
He's so smart, the way people are leaving his team left and right. He knows what he's doing, clearly. ;)
63% approval rating. They are leaving the Democratic Party in droves.
63% approval, more like 38%. Drudge online polls don't count.  Do you have an actual, credible poll that shows that?
No poll is truly credible.  Too big of a margin of error.
Real Americans absolutely love President Trump. Daily the Democratic Party is losing voters.
I think you should pay attention the special elections that have been happening. Red states turning blue. You can’t present your opinion as fact.
We hate you.
I guess you’re telling your base that Dallas was in Texas...in case they didn’t know?
Why, are you out of TEXAS SIZED Bullshit? God knows you've been slinging a lot of it!

People say, "Respect the Office!" Hard to do when a self serving liar is occupying it!


Is this some sort of message that he is leaving the presidency. #mesad

Don't come back y'all
You're Sillyb.
Mr. President please listen to Mark Levins , please hire him as you’re lawyer.
Mmmm Rudy Rudy Rudy.
So did JFK be careful we need you.
Oh THAT Dallas...
Any chance you not coming back?
If you just tweeted those last two words... the world would be celebrating
That should make her smile again.
Really love this one

You are one sick puppy.
The next roy moore

I agree.  If I could get Donald Trumps attention, I would say: "You need my help in WH for: 1. Deswamping, 2. Nuclear Energy, 3. Nuclear Weapons, 4. Document Classification, 5. Navy Carrier Battle Group Operations, 6. Budget Management -- @technidigm12
And covering up that whole russia collusion n obstruction of justice thing
If Texas denounced this stupid corrupt man ,He would be calling Texas a shithole state within the hour.
Don't forget your mega bucket of KFC.
Bring back some of those beans that grow cows. They’re a fun souvenir!
We are all here waiting patiently sir @NRA
Please resign.
Texas loves you! My kids live there and we all support you. 94% of Texans love President Trump.
WTAF are you talking about. Fake numbers. Bot

You really do think all of America is stupid?! We know Dallas is in Texas!! We also know that everything you say is a lie and everything you do is a calculation to deceive the public.  Most of us are smarter than that.
Satiate that burger craving @Whataburger > McDonalds
whataburger > everything
Going golfing this weekend? I can see why you have no time to sit for a deposition. So much golfing, bigly.


Remember Kennedy/Dallas? #NRAGunFreeZone ?
They had him offed. JFK was a hit job by the Bush regime. This is a threatening post, so I'll tag the @FBI and @SecretService
Texas is going Blue dough boy.
Keep flying out into the Gulf of Mexico and run out of gas

Which golf course will we be paying for you to enjoy?
Stay there !
We don’t want him either. He needs to move to Russia.

I've never seen Trump look so good!
Are you going to propose all the reasonable gun control reforms we the people want or are you just going to collect another big fat bloodmoney paycheck from the @NRA ?
No. Yes. Next.
Omg trump you're nuts! I just saw your response to the press before boarding your plane and it made no sense. You flip flop a lot. Sooner or later you won't have a legal defense team cause you're crazy!
Hey, I’ll be in Dallas too!

I’ll be at the Dallas Guitar Show, where the REAL men and the STRONG women will be sharing art amidst the “weapons” of love.

You’ll be bromancin’ with the rest of the “little” guys (wink, wink).

Oh, by the way,

#MuellerIsComingForYou

More Americans view the NRA negatively than positively now and with your track record you'll make it even worse, so thank you.


Stormy Does Dallas?
lies lies lies lies lies
Trump just said, "Bob Mueller worked for Obama for eight years." That is incorrect. Mueller is a lifelong Republican. In 2001, Bush appointed him to a 10-year term at the FBI. In 2011, Obama asked him to stay on for longer, until 2013. (So he only served under Obama for ~5 years)
Donald let’s try some facts here:
Director Mueller worked for George Bush from 2001-2009 (8 years) and for Barrack Obama from 2009-2013. (4 years)
Don't come here.  We don't want you.  Go to Florida.
Here’s what’s waiting for you 
You're in the pocket of the NRA.
to be with the NRA on taxpayers' dime. You lied to the children of Parkland, FL

Trump falsely claims that lifelong Republican Robert Mueller is a Democrat. 
My question: isn’t it the press’s job to stop that B.S. while he’s in full flow with a “didn’t mueller serve...” or is that just too much to ask?
You're going to jail
Yeah, welcome to Texas. Your visit, to an NRA convention no less, will only inflame our GOTV for @BetoORourke - the top of the ticket. BTW, Dallas is blue and a leader in the Texas #BlueWave2018 .

Texas, I’ll give you a pre-summary. Huge crowd. Crooked Hillary blah blah. Justice Dept. will be stopped. Best economy ever! Biggest electoral college vote ever! Polls higher than any president. I deserve the Nobel Peace Prize. Witch hunt. Iran worst deal ever. Name-calling.
Are you going to talk to the killing machine @NRA ?? #BoycottNRA
Hey is Debbie going to do Dallas w/ you?

That's where @tedcruz's father killed JFK right?
Covorting with terrorists.
*covfef-orting there I fixed it for you
@mmmmdancer get out


Joyfully performing works of charity for those who are suffering in mind and body, is the most authentic way to live the Gospel.
Oh please stay there please?
Wait, I thought you said you weren't in the pocket of the NRA? 

Yes, you're going to Dallas to support an organization responsible for more killing than any other business. America's youth is very well aware... #NeverAgain
Omg!!!!! You had to add Texas as if we don't know where Dallas is . Talking to your base Donnie boy?
What lying stories will you tell today? About porn star, conspiracy, doctor’s records, how bigly you won the election, how corrupt justice dept. is, how you’re doing a unbelievable bigly great job, how fake news is so unfair? Take your pick, same old song & dance!
Sir, people know which state Dallas is in. They didn't learn that little tidbit 5 minutes ago from John Kelly.
You having another KKK rally? #RacistGrandMasterPooPahOfTheKKK
#TheResistance #ImpeachTrump


“I hear you.”
Please Don't COME you are not Welcome here! The NRA can funnel you $$ thru a LAW FIRM .
Going to Dallas to speak to the NRA then flying back on taxpayers dime.

Meanwhile, Flint has no water and Puerto Rico is still a disaster.
And Hawaii has lava bubbling up through their streets. 

Stop wasting our Taxpayers $ for you to fly around on personal business.

better not let me catch yo bitch ass no where  on pops nem

Are you going there to collect your NRA washed Russian Laundry? Or... are you going there to advocate for the deaths of more Americans? Or... are you hoping to get your army of Anti-American, Anti-Government, Ammo-sexuals at the ready? Or all of the Above?
Welcome to #Dallas from Houston

Gotta protect that $30M, huh, Donny?  
Spanky, I thought the great state of Texas was Texas, not Dallas!?? I thought Dallas was a CITY in Texas. But as you never ever ever never get anything incorrect, I'm sure it must be me one who is wrong ):


Dont come back!

As long as you stay away from Houston, you putrid pile of orange dung.
Ban assault weapons. Get these weapons of war off our streets.

Oh, good! Severe storms predicted! Maybe even tornadoes!

nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

I’m in the DFW area. We don’t want you here.
Going or leaving????? Despite your senile twittering this morning, let me be of assistance: if you “leave soon,” that’s the ticket. Leave forever #TrumpRantsNonsenseAgain
Keep flying, all the way to #moscow
Thank you for clarifying where Dallas was located
mumbled the old man strapped to the gurney. The orderly pushing him down the corridor and back to his rubber room, shook his head in pity, knowing full well that Trump's mind was totally broken, and that the only appointment he had scheduled, was with the burly enema technician.
We know what you are doing. NRA won't give you money if you don't put yourself on display at their convention huh? Putin is pulling your strings Russian puppet. #TrumpRussia #NRABloodMoney #MoneyLaundering
Here’s something for you to smell on the way.
While you've got some free time, you might want to review this video...

#LearnBeforeYouSpeak
Texas loves you, Sir! Enjoy and stay safe! #MAGA Texas deserves to be able to protect themselves! Thank you for supporting the NRA and our Men in Blue!
Us WITCH HUNTERS will be watching! No secret meetings with your sanctioned Russian buddies like the NRA conference in 2016!
I got what you need. Coke, weed, meth, Black, etc. hit me up
#dontspeaktomueller
Ew, please don’t come.
Go Cowboys!
True!

Pandering to the gun nuts, eh Sputnik? What an absolute ass you are. What happened to this campaign BS?
He was misquoted. He actually said 'keep on taking the money' not 'take on'...

Stay there.  Don't come back.  Don't tweet.  Just go away.
What she said.... 
God Bless You President Trump for all you are doing for this Country. American Patriots stand strongly with you!
Puerto Rico still doesn’t have power or sufficient supplies and Flint MI still doesn’t have drinkable water. You are a hypocrite and fraud. We know you are waiting out the people of PR so you and your cronies/cohorts can buy up the island and build to profit from their pain.
That’s the exact same thought I had...
Are you free today Lee Harvey Oswald?
I hope you come to Oklahoma sometime soon!  We would LOVE to see you!! God bless you Mr. President! . #MAGA #MAGASpirit

Rudy resigns in 3... 2.... https://twitter.com/ABC/status/992422902208200704 …
Make sure you pick a white and afraid crowd! #AreThereAnyHispanicsHere
We don’t want you here
My Evangelical family members are starting to question if you're the Antichrist (now that there are coins with your likeness on them). Care to reply since you'll have time on AF 1?
Show everyone you are still the NRA s puppet.
"Donnie Does Dallas".  Hmmmmmmmmmmmm......  great title for your next "home movie" ????? 
Thank you for specifying which of the many US cities named dallas, something obama never would have done

This is your president!!! Yesterday it was national prayer breakfast day and today you're full of crap!!! 
Think before you speak,
Very happy to hear Dallas is under severe storm alerts today for trump’s visit. Tornado warnings! Yesterday, horrible lighting and thunder there all day. Torrential rainfall. More predicted for today. YES!!!!
Stay there.
Hmmm.....maybe they’ll keep you!?
DALLAS LOVES AND CAN'T WAIT TO GIVE YOU A HUG!
UGH. Stay in DC. Just watched you lie your a$$ off AGAIN before departing. REALLY don't need you coming to my city, #ShitholePresident. May you be sentenced to a long stay in an orange jumpsuit to match your lying face. #NRAConvention #WorstPresidentEver #dumpsterfire #Stormy

Playing 18 or 36? Who’s in the foursome?
How about MARS!!! Can you go there??!!
Good.
You will turn that state blue even quicker.

You and your buddies are mentally ill...
Giuliani said that trump is too busy to answer Mueller’s questions: “I could not go to the POTUS & say take 2 days off to get ready” for a prosecutorial interview.

Here’s some time-saving tips for trump:
- stop tweeting
- stop watching TV
- stop golfing
Trump’s Texas White Nationalists ready to receive


Remember what happened there in 1963....
Dallas Texas respectfully asks you to stay home please. And keep Pence with you. Ok thanks.
#MayTheFourthBeWithYou #FYI: TODAY IS MANAFORT/COHEN COURT DAY!
Please stay the hell there
Can you not come back?
Hey Spanky, is this meant to be an AIM Away Message? May want to adjust. Throw in a BRB, HMU, or A/S/L. Okay, definitely don't use that last one, you're in enough trouble as it is with that creepy groping stuff

How do you expect to get anything done if you are always traveling.  Why don't you save the American taxpayers some money and stay in D.C. and actually work.
Be careful, don't ride in an open air car.
Welcome to Texas Mr. President! God Bless our Great State of Texas! Texans for Trump! #NRA #2A
Is that something you just learned today?  That Dallas is in Texas?
Have you ever heard the expression "shit the bed?" Rudy did it on Fox, and you just did it on the Tarmac
Looking forward to your speech!
.....someone just told you Dallas, was in Texas huh? You're coming along so nicely. Youre gonna be something when you grow up!
My condolences to Texans. The stink is coming.


Google it.  You can find the court documents for the rape of a 13 year old girl.
Exactly
Have a great trip Sir!!!!!
oh oh another Trump NRA rally
Both he and pence in one place. Hmmmm
awww but that chicken shit wouldn't let one NRA member bring in a GUN.. I thought he said they love him?? I asked him earlier if his secret service men we're going to have to check those guns at the door too... he didn't answer me, seems so unfair. LOL
I think everyone at that rally should carry AR 15s with multiple mags.
