
Hey soy boy!   Adults in the room are talking.  Go back to your safe space, color your Bernie coloring book and let the grown ups work this out.....
The word is "sight," ignorant leftist.  What sort of an education do you have?
Probably a better one than a certain someone who doesn't know the difference between 'counsel' and 'council'.
Don't forget "precedent".
Jail is too good for you.
Do you ever just shut the fuck up
Omg!
Exactly! Chuckle is one of the stupidest #Liberals I’ve ever heard open his mouth. He needs to stop talking. @NBCNews
I think God wants you to tweet less and treat others with respect more. #christianonlywhenconvenient
And you might pray about your comments before telling others what they need to do. The Lord will be my judge, not you.
Oh Grammy. You’re barking up the wrong tree. I don’t claim to “Love the Lord” in my profile while spewing hatred about God’s children on Twitter.  I just like to point out hypocrisy when I see it so you can be the best person you can be.
Hypocrisy much...look at your own life before telling others how they should live.
Grandmommy, hypocrisy? Telling others what to do? Slinging insults? You mean like when someone says something like this? "Chuckle is one of the stupidest #Liberals I’ve ever heard open his mouth. He needs to stop talking"
Hey, when does all the winning start?
It started as soon as that guy with
a non American name...Barack Hussain Obama left office.. I'm guessing it's a Muslim name....
Yeah cause skafas seems genuinely “American” or is your issue that he’s brown?
They didn’t agree to denuclearize, they said they would stop testing, hardly the same thing!
the fake news will say anything to stop your approval ratings from rising... Not working !
I thought you didn’t watch NBC?
This is the dream y'all got rid of me and order got destroyed
When did they agree to denuclearize? Did I miss it, or did you just make it up? I’m betting the latter.
Try reading the news imbecile...

Chances that Melania dreamt about Barack last night?  100%.
Do you blame her Trump said he doesn't like sleeping with women who have had babies she is probably grateful she doesn't have to look at him naked anymore
You’re the fakest of all “fake news”
#PureEvil
Seen the bags under your eyes handsome?

So glad you don't watch tv

No, Donald Trump is getting tired of HRC and the Democrats, accusing him of doing the very things that they themselves are doing! Saul Alinsky 101, look it up, Hillary did her dissertation on this Satanist and this is whose footsteps Obama and HRC, follow. All about to go down!
Except all the investigators  and most of the agencies investigating are majority GOP, lol. #factcheck
Oh that’s why the entire Mueller team is democratic? Oh yes, more false fact check stories by “the resistance” we get it 
They are!? Is that why Mueller is a registered Republican who was appointed by H.W. Bush? 
It's  news to these people that Comey, Rosenstein, Wray and even McCabe  are Republicans, and  that top FBI officials are appointed for terms nonparallel to  presidential terms specifically to counter any partisan bias, lol.
The ones that realize they're republicans dismiss them as "deep state operatives" whatever tf that means.
Because they used to scream and hate the government and blamed every problem on it. Now that they’re running the government they invented a whole new government just to blame and pin things on. And the “deplorables”, always the uneducated, don’t know any better.

When that leads to something other than wasting tax payer money I'll take note. But for now it's just a whole lotta nothing.

You watch too much TV.
Not watching the news again loser? We’re better off when you’re golfing.
Your the FAKE!!! Delusional fucker you day has come much closer with every passing day, run bitch run!! It’s GITMO or rope drone the nearest tree

.Our model has classified @DJT_Sent_By_GOD to exhibit patterns conducive to a political bot or highly moderated account tweeting political propaganda.
How this works • Follow us on Twitter for updates  via
I only tweet this to remind you that Chuck Todd is not under criminal investigation. 

Actions speak louder than words

No matter what you tweet about, you only look more guilty when you tweet.
Trump Can’t See The Forest From The Trees! While China Is Helping Trump With North Korea They Are Expanding & Dominating Asia Just Like Africa! Where Is Our Great Negotiator In Chief! Take Him Back To QueensNY! He Certainly Has No Class For Manhattan!
Sleepy eyes @JonnyBrennan1

Bill Clinton had an affair while in office... in the Oval Office... how do you not see the difference
We are not talking about Bill Clinton. Let's focus in the here and now.
Your exactly right. These people just can't help themselves. It's like it's out of the realm of their control.
"Bu-but-but-but (Bill and/or Hillary) Clinton...."
Is Trump a Liar?
YOU NEED TO STOP DEMEANING AND GIVING NIC NANES TO EVERYONE......GROW UP!!!!!!!

Why is he saying he doesn't have to test anymore? Look at the wording of that statement has he already accomplished what he wanted to accomplish and what did spy Pompea offer him in return for these confusing statement Hmm interesting at the least. And stop the name calling
You need to be held accountable for all your lies.
MAGA!

You are such a bully. You have a name for everyone.
Like Mr. Magoo
And let’s not forget “Mr. Peepers”
Man! Cohen has you super scared.
Stormy via Cohen is gonna tumble him like wyle e coyote under a cliff full of boulders
Oh you are going to eat those words ... be ready to face embarrassment.

Weird that an ‘adult’ starts with personal attacks on looks rather than focusing on the core issues. Coming from an overweight, unattractive man with weird hair, orange fake tan and itty bitty hands - seemingly would be smarter to focus on the issue not looks in your situation
واستخدم جميعهم جهاز سبوت مي. وتبلغ كلفة استئجار أي جهاز من أجهزة
سبوت مي في أي حدث 35 دولارا لكل مشارك في اليوم الواحد، وخلال هذا الحدث، حقق سبوت
مي عائدا من التأجير وصل إلى 140 ألف دولار في يوم واحد.
ويقـول
حين أن سيارة غوست تعد الطراز الأكثر شعبية على مستوى منطقة الشرق الأوسط في الوقت
الراهن، لا يزال الطراز فانتوم محافظا على مكانته القوية، وفق ما يقوله مولر أوتفوس.
ويقول في هذا الشأن:
Your foreign policy team is leaning on South Korea's President Moon and backdoor Putin assists in negotiations but the true power center in the region is China. The US can't achieve any agreements without figuring out what China wants. Doesn't seem that State Dept on top of this.
Oh hey it's "Executive Time" again.
Nah, he's tweeting from Golf course.
Wrong again trump! They gave up nothing ! Your so out of touch with reality!
Still name-calling, President Magoo??
We know what you’re doing, Twitler
Donald Trump is an anti-semite and racist. NYC knew that for years
Not nearly as bad now that trump’s outta here

Yeah She just ran into him at Applebee’s, why is it a big deal 
NK doesn’t need to test something they have developed. Just like when the US stopped testing nuclear bombs after we mastered them. Closing a site that was rendered useless from their final test makes sense. Do NOT trust Trump or Kim Jong-un.
Oh look, another propaganda bot.
People I disagree with are bots
Bots spreading propaganda are bots. Liberals respect that people can have different view points or beliefs.
RESPECT OTHER PEOPLE'S OPINIONS???  The Democrats can't accept the election results which is all about different opinions.
Who would accept the results of a rigged election. That’s simple: Russia. Americans don’t.
I know the DNC is so full of Russians.
Trump is on the verge of ending the Korean war, an accomplishment of epic proportions not seen since the Berlin Wall came down. The fake news media will completely implode when this happens. Chuck is probably already on meds preparing for the inevitable! #MAGA #MNKGA
Amen. To get this far is an accomplishment. Everything may fall apart from now on, but Trump has gotten closer to peace than anyone else.
And Puerto Rico still doesn't have power kids still getting shot at school and teachers in Oklahoma eating from food pantries and a 4 day school week but we are still winning right?
ISIS is nearly destroyed
Oklahoma is a state issue, not federal
Puerto Rico is getting power back. Being an island, there's only so much that can be done at once
Arming security ( not teachers) and controlling points of entry helps with the school shootings
Isis is still around and although states primarily pay for our schools we still get federal funding and it is not enough some Mi schools have windows with boards on them because wood is cheaper than glass we need to do better as far as our public schools and we are failing
Your not going to get an argument from me about better schools. I'm all for a stimulus bill to repair roads bridges and schools.  But teacher pay is a state issue. The state and local districts set those rates.  ISIS is still around, but a shadow of their former selves.
Trump talks about America first I guess better paid teachers and safer schools are not a part of that and those states are in America so it is America's problem
And to be fair I am angry at any administration who did nothing to better our schools our kids deserve better
Found this pic Donnie.........wanna explain it?
Idiot.
FChuck Todd
The fake news is sickening... keep up the good work President Trump
Orange Puffy Eyes Donald Trump of fake presidency attacks the media like all fascist dictators do!
wow little dick calling someone sleepyeyes..hmmm
so says "tiny hands" Donnie.
i have vowed to not do what you do and call you names , describe as if i was spitting on you .. but i think i should give up and do the same.   NO.. never , and wondering why and how you possibly can be supported by my old party.
#TrumpsAwhiteSupremacist
sucker
Racist POS!!
You're nothing but a Racist and antisemitic person. 
Idiot
Donald Via @Sarahchadwickk: “Sleepy eyes” is an anti-Semitic term that was and is stilled used by neo- nazis groups relating to “how to spot a Jew.” You just used anti-Semitic terminology against a Jewish reporter. Do you even love your grandchildren? @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner
Have you looked up the term sleepy eyesl It is an it an anti-Semitic slur? Boy you are just digging yourself deeper-cant wait till Bibi hears this one
RESIGN, YOU ANTISEMITE!
Yet another bragging, boasting lie from you, Don; North Korea has NOT agreed to denuclearization!! You are such a lying sack of shit, it is mind-blowing.
I see you like to repeat Anti-Semitic slurs... So, tell me again who´ve you been hanging out with lately?
You do realize sleepy eyes is a derogatory term for Jews? Jews like chuck todd...
Would you, please, grow up and stop calling people names? We don't need a childish president.
The only thing fake is you little Donnie
They did not agree to denuclearization. But your supporters will believe anything so please continuing lying.
Wow @realDonaldTrump. Using big words like ‘denuclearization’ now. Pretty impressive for a 5th grader. #UnfitTrump #WWTNE #SticksAndStones
You do realize they only agreed to close sites they were already done using for tests, right? More lies. As long as we're talking about your lies, here's some ADMITTED lies.
anti semite.
Maybe he fell asleep !  Hahahahaha !!
douche

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Where do you get your info. North Korea did what they have ALWAYS done when sanctions are starving their people. Not much of a history buff, are you?
That’s not what Kim agreed to.
Donald Trump Rules
Bad bot
Daammmmnn donnie boy... you just can't help but be racist huh? #bum
Right after you tweet about Jeff Sessions and Mr Magoo, you turn to name calling. Lol!
#ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW

Since one of the head leakers is now gone and doing a "How I LIED and Got Away With It" book tour, these "reporters" and "fact checkers" really don't have much info to go on. WINNING! #TrumpIsRightAgain
Sleepy Eyes? Thank you for your antisemitism.
1) "Sleepy eyes" is an anti-semitic racial slur. I half doubt Trump knows this but still...it fits his racist senile old man patterns.

2) North Korea has not agreed to denuclearization. Just bc Trump keeps saying it doesn't mean it's true & he defitiely doesn't understand it
You are so pathetic. So tiring.
Fake election
Hmmmm I don't think so. You really love in a fantasy world.
@chucktodd I saw this show this morning-rerun..... For real guy...grow up.
Wow- anti Semitic much?!?!?
Thank you, President Trump. F. Chuck Todd is a Leftista Flunkie. He is in the Basket of Inconsequentials. If Obama had done this, Todd and Matthews would have more than a tingle on their legs.
Chuck is Todd has a one sided http://Mirror.it 's called Him only.Egomaniac
WOW you focus on YOU and your job is to focus on the AMERICAN people.  No one cares about your daily tantrums.  

You made a mockery out of our country and I know you know this.  Do ONE selfless thing...RESIGN.
President Trump How About Banning The TIA-USA Program!!!
Your #Antisemitism is showing.
Todd’s wife made him say that
Slur again - pandering to your white supremacist base.  Lovely.  
North Korea has NOT agreed to denuclearization.  Lie.
Are you aware "sleepy eyes" is an ethic slut against Jewish people originating in Nazi Germany and perpetuated by neo Nazi groups??
Donald Trump deserves #Nobel #Peace #prize. This is real progress. Good luck and God bless.
SIR, truly we admire your administration.
Stop name-calling and act like a president.
Making anti-Semitic remarks is just pissing people off even more. Your daughters family is Jewish. What’s wrong with you?
@IvankaTrump
Racist
Hey you’re not allowed to insult people with @realfriendsband lyrics like that.
Real Friends is so tight
N. Korea has not agreed to denuclearize. LYING AGAIN POTUS!!!

@NBCNews
Uhm wtf “sleepy eyed “ really trump 
Stop trying to undermine our democratic free press.
Hey @Twitter “sleepy eyes” is a know anti-Semitic slur. And you still let this go on? Come on!
This is antisemitic and horrible
Just call him Chuck Todd and leave out the other shit.  You make yourself look/sound like a grade school juvenile.
Are you really this evil? To use the term “sleepy eyes” with a Jewish man? You are a sick person and no leader of mine. A bigoted, racist, white nationalist is America’s (not so popular) choice. All who voted for you should be ashamed.
After reading through this thread (and many more) it is so apparent why lowercase trump is referred to as the Jackass Whisperer 
The trouble with Trump is he was never in the military- our lily white germaphobe Commander in Chief- spineless
Today on “Just How Racist Can the American President Be?”:
Mr. President I agree and would cite  @chucktodd as being. #ASleepAtTheWheel 
Kind of hard to be so #OBTUSE to what is going on.
#BeSafe #MAGA
NK said nothing about denuclearization. They said demilitarization. Can anyone read over there?
Stop it ..you are certifiable #flotus
Thank you Mr president thats great
We must carefully look for communist propagandaThey often lie 
You. R doing exellent we are proud of you

@chucktodd Dishonest to the core ! #OleChucky , I mean #LyinCrookedHillary
I used to watch MTP to hear the opposing views.  Got so ridiculous I had to cut it out of my Sunday morning routine.  Steve Wallace on FOX.  Straight shooter.
Sleepy eyes Todd of fake news? How about your scam with Slimey Slippery Sean Shamnity of Faux News? Hmmm? You are BOTH crooks!
Does everyone know the history of the Nazi term ;
sleepeyed ?
That’s a term for nazis to recognize Jews. Something that was a part of their heritage and their race.
And it made them nervous cuz it madem look sly an shifty so hate set in.
                Jus’ askin’     
Wasn’t “sleepy eyes” a term Nazis used to describe Jewish people? Isnt Chuck Jewish? 
Sleepy Eyes?  Are you really that ignorant of being that you think it’s ok to mock people’s appearance?
If you think Trump doesn’t know that “sleepy eyes” is anti-Semitic, you probably think this is a sheriff’s star.
“I don’t think in that context it was meant as an anti-Semitic remark. The [term] ‘sleepy eyes’ in itself, has no anti-Semitic connotation.”
- Aaron Breitbart, researcher for the Simon Wiesenthal Center in LA
I the context of Trump, though, it is what he intends.
FFS,Don, can you stop with the name calling like a school yard schoolkid? grow up for the love of god !!  your supposed to be the president of the USA-ACT like it..

Sleepy eyes really, nazi

Flight records obtained by Bloomberg show that Trump spent the night in Russia during his 2013 trip to Moscow, contradicting his past claims. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-23/flight-records-illuminate-mystery-of-trump-s-moscow-nights …
It is SAD that tRump doesn't know what denuclearization means.

Or is he just lying again?
Why do all of the people who oppose you have nicknames?  Are we back to the grade school bullying?
maybe they don’t need anymore testing because they already have them
Lol
Jealousy becomes him

We know that's an anti-Semite slur, if you keep saying "sleepy eyes" it will confirm you really are a racist, as I thought.
If owners, editors, etc, of FakeNews believed significantly different from their readers & talkers & spinners (not "reporters"), they would reassign and replace them. They defend them, so it's all one-of-a-kind. FakeNews, fakereporters, fakemedia.
I look to sleepy eyes @chucktodd for geopolitical advice almost as much as I look to @HillaryClinton for lessons on honesty and integrity. #MAGA2018
Here we are again. Back to the name calling. You make me sick.
And to all the so called patriots
What the hell is wrong with you?  It's 2018!  You are the President of the United States and you are making fun of someone based on his physical appearance!  My 14-year-old son doesn't do this!  Grow the eff up and lead, follow, or get out of the way!
He should just get out the way.
I sure wish you could make the reporters tell the truth. They're trying to destroy this country.
NBC who would have thought it would be the bad guy?
Colleague @JimAcosta said Americans aren't smart or well-informed. For sure, and thanks to their relentless Anti-American diatribe, his and @chucktodd 's audiences are neither.
Actually, what they said was that they have mastered nuclear missiles and have no further need to do any tests and because of this, they will not launch any more. So, kudos to giving them that extra time. Simply genius.
@chucktodd  #moron
That’s a racist term. It sure feels good to have an anti-Semite as the leader of the free world. Thanks for making me feel safe.
Offensive to what race?
나는 지구촌 칸ᆞ에스더이니 글로 전세계에 여론을 일으키고

한국의 평화책임은

한국책임이 아니고

전세계지구촌인들의 

공명이 절대적으로 이뤄내셔야 할

당연한 당위의 전세계인모두의 공동 책임임을

기고합니다.
Isn’t sleepy eyes an anti semitic slur? It is and as usual you’re showing your bigotry. You disgust me.
the rocket man now knows that the white house chair is occupied after 8 years of the hesitant Barack Obama who along with the Democrats is envious of the feats of President Trump in just 1 year and 4 months

Wouldn’t it be wonderful if you ACTUALLY knew what you were talking about?!? But, alas........
Were you looking in a mirror when you said this? It appears you were correct about yourself.
I don't agree with u trump
@POTUS  u r an embarrassment and an idiot.
Enough with the “sleepy eyes” shit! Act like a President
Oh look the dictator put down the twinkies and Big Mac. Worst president ever! Thug in chief.
@chucktodd is a dyed in the wool communist.  He's biased beyond belief and prays to @BarackObama and the man of Satan @georgesoros .
Fake news..just like Nazi Germany the Democrats trying to control Americans minds.. CNN...liars and real scumbags
Never heard that before
Stop tweeting trump and just shut up!
The Steele Dossier looking more factual day by day!
Somehow I don’t believe this statement at all. #WorstPresidentEver
You are poison.
Really? Using a Nazi slur against a Jewish reporter. Hitler's fate awaits you! Nazi traitor.
NO has Not agreed to Denuclearization . They agreed to stop testing,  for now. The nuclear site they agreed to shut down is collapsing and no longer usable.

Keep up the great work Mr President. We are behind you!!! Don't listen to the negative people they will always be there.
Wrong!
They haven’t done yet trump. Let’s hope your ego & the fact you’re like a giddy school girl in front of psycho dictators doesn’t get us all killed. I seriously doubt Donald Trump will bring about world peace. Pin this tweet.
Nazi terminology
Probably because you're the only one they made their bitch
Some people need attention at all costs. Todd is like that
