Stormy and her attention-seeking, grandstanding, self-promoting lawyer are being hailed by loons at MSNBC and CNN as social justice warriors when in fact they are nothing more than tabloid trash. Trump on the other hand is about end a 68 year war, save hostages and MAGA!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
LOCK HIM UP!
I didn’t know paying an attorney to represent you was illegal. Besides , at this point, why does it matter?
Some people want a president who doesn't lie to his country about everything.  High standards, I guess.
The truth didnt seem to matter to you all when Obama was president.  Obama even placed a lie in the title of affordable care act.  Dumb asses.....
I'm not sure you understand what a lie is. If you tell someone you'll have a project done by the end of the day, and can't quite pull it off, you didn't lie to them.

Most gradeschoolers could point out the distinction if you're still confused.
You’re use of “affair” (deliberately) suggests a relationship of long-standing. Did you ever have sexual relations with that woman, Ms Clifford? Even once?
I always pay people 130k to stop telling a made up story about me.
#PresidentSpanky sooooooo did not write that 
Transaction. You misspelled crime.
you say crime, I say transaction of a dubious legal nature
I say he didn’t type the tweet. He can’t string two words together without parentheses, an exclamation point, and a nickname.
I believe his caddy did the tweetin'
Thank god for golf. It keeps him busy.
I guess this has kept him pretty busy too, ya know...when he's not golfing.

Kushner is disposable. 

God damn I can't stop laughing at that.
“Roll over.” A common phrase uttered in prison.
The democrats are scattering and desperate because this phony Russian Collusion is not panning out for them.  What people do in their private lives is of no concern to me.  #MAGA2018 #Trump2018 #EndTheWitchHunt
so there was an affair then.

Hey Spanky - bad business to pay people when accusations aren’t true! Screwing a porn star when married is just sleazy and you’re a sleazy guy! Makes one believe the golden showers stories!
Damage control, damage control!
liar,you paid the money,you said you knew nothing about....


Why do you pay money to someone for something you didn’t do?
"played no roll"  LOL!
Just wait until we find out the truth about the $1.6 million payout to #SheraBechard. Cohen brokered the deal (sounds familiar) and Broidy took the fall, but Broidy isn’t Cohen’s client. Who is though? Who has 1.6 million reasons to keep a pregnancy quiet? Who has a type? 
Ahhh Very good point. I will take, Who is Donald Trump for $1000?, Alex.
Scandal after scandal after scandal.....LIE AFTER LIE AFTER LIE.....MUST RESIGN
Release the Hounds!!!!!!
You're a liar and a pig and those are your two best qualities.

On March 7, Sarah Sanders denied Trump had any knowledge about the Daniels payments: “I’ve had conversations with the President about this…There was no knowledge of any payments from the president.”…
It’s “role”.   Spell checkers quit on ya too?

Oh, it played no roll, but did it play a muffin?  Or a cookie?  Or-gasp-a cinnamon bun?  Was the one random capitalization and one misspelling an attempt by the lawyer who wrote your tweet to make it look like it was really from you?  Hee hee hee.
You're really on a role Mr. President!
$130,00 for the affair you never had???
I know I always pay people to keep quiet when they make false claims. Oh, hey. I had an affair with Trump, too! Where's my money?
*role
Wow!!!  You’ve started to address the claims already?  But what about Mueller???This reads like a premature ejaculation. #stablegenius #smallhands #youarefucked
I'm sure that payment had nothing to do with you wanting to win. It wasn't intended to keep this knowledge from the voters. And you had to pay off Daniels to not lie about you. Poor guy. They are being so mean to you
Judging by the use of complete sentence and the lack of incorrect capitalization, @realDonaldTrump did not write this.
Yeah right, not even Melania believes you
Hey Tippy Top, are you a bonehead? Last week or so you had no knowledge, now your talking like a barrister? Tell Scavino we know you didn’t write these tweets. You are in deep shit. #MorningJoe @RudyGiuliani @FLOTUS
Can you say “ money laundering “ ?????
Get someone to explain "in-kind contributions" to you.
So, I work in a shop. Imagine if a customer claims they have never been to my shop or bought anything yet insists on giving me a large sum of money to keep quiet about them not shopping in my shop...nope, still don't get it!

Except roll should be role --
Unless of course this is how campaign corruption rolls -


Please be sure to pray about paying a porn star and writing your own health report is proper. The destruction of #evangelicals may well be the only value you have. @Franklin_Graham is Satan and you are simply his acolyte.
Still talking about that payoff for nothing that didn't happen and you didn't know about?
#guiltyAF
I’m curious, why would you pay 130,000 dollars for a non disclosure agreement if you have a letter saying there was no affair? What would there be to disclose?
Dear President Nixon, oops, sorry, I mean #DoucheyDonald. 
It won't be for an extended timeframe, I'd imagine, before your pardon comes. 
But there will be a period in which your naked ass will be taking shits on prison toilets. 
Wrap your head around that one. 
Sad.
So sad.
Maybe Hillary will go to prison like she deserves, too
I think the story should be “when is your wife leaving you?? “
Have someone read you “Flowers for Algernon” by Daniel Keyes. Then resign, you are in way over your head. You can go to trial and ask for leniency based on “Afluenza” defense precedent. It may work for treason too. Putin can set you up beautiful golf course in his stolen Crimea.
He's more like "Flowers for Charlie".

#itsalwayssunny
*Wondering...If there was no affair, why was there even a transaction?
#ReceiptsPlease
Avenatti showed the receipt on the Late Show with Stephen Colbert @colbertlateshow. It came from a newly created shell company through a CA bank, which lets the CA AG have some fun in this too... and Trump can't pardon state crimes.
Um, RICH BOY ... why would you have to split the $130,000 payment THAT YOU SAID YOU KNEW NOTHING ABOUT ... & THAT YOU DENY THE AFFAIR ...

BUT YOU PAID ...

BUT WHY, RICH BOY ... DID YOU NEED TO SPIT IT UP INTO 3 PAYMENTS?

LOL  LOL LOL
May I just give you one little piece of advice. The most important thing anyone will ever say to you. The best thing you could do for yourself is to get an education. Please for your sake and the sake of all those you love.
Oh Kathleen,

Anyone who has sent well over 100,000 tweets & gets so little response? Um, you might want to take your own advice. LOL A real Trumper!
Why don’t u just admit your wrong doing and apologize to YOUR WIFE, instead of continuing your ridiculous, embarrassing idiotic tweets..
Well, it's way past time to apologize to Melania. She is SO on to him! And my bet is, she'll take twice as much in alimony as the first two Mrs. Victims did. Good for her!
De get ya
Great news cowboy, I heard you were resigning today.
Kiss your Fat Ass Goodbye!
ROLE - did you even finish primary school?
“Role” not “roll” 
Why should we believe anything you say, you have proved to me that you are a liar....tapes of interviews with you don't lie
You have tapes? Please put them on a U-tubefir all to hear.

So, where are these tapes you speak of?
I cannot get over how much you lie everyday it is pathetic. First you didn't know anyting. Thenyou didn't have an affair with her. I mean really give it up. Tell the truth for once in your freaking life!!! You're such a loser!!!
#LiarInChief 
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#TraitorTrump
You seem to suddenly know a whole lot about something you knew NOTHING about 2 weeks ago
I've never had an affair with you. Where do I sign and collect my $130,000?
Speaking of detail, Stormy can describe you in intimate detail. This is a loser argument. Sad!
You are hilarious 
#ResignNow #liarinchief #MuellerKnows
Yeah, right!
The word is "role", you second grader. You can't even transcribe your latest lawyer's pre-written statement correctly.

LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
WE TOTALLY BELIEVE YOU!
#presidentpedophile: you raped a 13 year old girl.  @realDonaldTrump #pedophilepresident
More lies...
It’s unbelievable that one can go through all the anti trump comments and find all most all have less that 100 followers. Huh.
Did you go to the same grammar school that Trump went to? Because you can’t spell either.
No, I have autocorrect. It messes up. There were no private schools where I  grew up. When one gets older, one no longer gives a schiff about spelling.
One question:
If the affair happened in 2006 why was it that she wasn't paid to keep quiet until 2016, a decade later, if it wasn't related to the campaign? 
We all know the answer to that one. It was related. Just another in your long list of orange colored lies!
He simply cannot help himself, must lie and exaggerate to make up for his little brittle ego!
He's definitely insecure isn't he?
When you are the boss and nobody challenges you, one may still get away with it. However, in the public eye, you will very soon be exposed and challenged. He's not used to that and it is reflected in the way he acts.
Couldn't agree more.

Ha

HaHaHaHa

Ha HaHaHaHa HaHaHaHa

HaHaHaHa HaHaHaHa HaHaHaHa HaHaHaHa HaHaHaHa
LOL. Whoever wrote this passes the test. He / she is as big a liar as you are. Could be anyone in your administration or on any one of your many teams. All, like you, are corrupt and deserve to be in jail. RESIGN!
#DonTheMoronCon

You did not sign the agreement and therefore it is VOID!
You didn’t write this. Obviously.
We all know you're not writing these Tweets.
So you alleged multi-billionaire had to pay $130K in monthly installments?
1/2 Fact. @realDonaldTrump is a liar. He has no credibility and no integrity. This is not opionion, this is fact based on the evidence. He lied about President Obama, lied about @HillaryClinton, lied about his affairs, lied about his wealth, lied to people he owed money to....
2/2 Lied about his health, lied about the #TrumpTower meeting. He is a pathological liar. So my question to all the #MAGA supporters, what in his behavior makes you think that he is telling the truth about the #TrumpRussia #Collusion ? Seriously ask yourself that question.
By the way have the god-damned respect for the nation to learn how to spell.
No caps or exclamation marks... This wasn't written by you 
@FelixTheIII just a bit obvious, this is lawyer talk
Well, a lawyer who doesn’t know the difference between “roll” and “role”.  You know, a Trump Lawyer.
No role (sorry, “roll”)

And your base just eats it up. Hook, line, and sinker.
This is a roll , just sayin
Bullshit!
Giuliani and Trump had an intense argument this morning, about what color they wanted their cell walls to be .... Trump couldn't decide between light gray or dark gray.
You're a liar. You claimed you knew nothing about the hush payment on Air Force One, but your frenemy Rudy Giuliani just said that you paid Cohen back in installments, trying to sell it as a normal retainer. No one is buying your BS stories except for your brainwashed followers.
Obama can spell better than you, Tiny. #TinyHands #TinyD #TimesUp
Need to get a list of all the hush money paid out in Congress before they go after you President Trump! Bunch of hypocrites!
SUPERSIZED!
So you were lying for the past two months just like you're lying now. 
Please resign and make America great again.
Yep.. Just as well call him the liar in chief at this point..

Lord God, 
May You bless and protect our president @realDonaldTrump
May You give him wisdom and strength as he presides over this great nation. 
May he be supernaturally guided by Your truth and with Your righteousness. 
In Jesus’ name. Amen.
Jesus is rolling over in His grave at the thought of the crimes against His teachings that this charlatan has committed, and at the blind loyalty of the cult that continues to chant they and he are Christian.
But you were still paying off a porn star to be quiet about your sexual encounter! You’re no better than Bill Clinton. Just because the money, as you say, didn’t come from campaign funds doesn’t make it right!
You paid someone $130,000 because they lied about having an affair with you? But you said you'd never do that when you were having an affair with me!
So u admit to paying back ur attorney & having her sign an NDA about the affair u had with her? Good. Her attorney will be able to use these tweets in their case against u. I hope Melania leaves u. She deserves better.
Role*
Tiny thumbs don't fail me now.

BREAKING: EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt’s $100,000 trip to Morocco was set up by a lobbyist, an extremely unusual arrangement.

Trump has built the dirtiest swamp IN THE HISTORY OF THIS COUNTRY!

RT to spread the truth!
You know that doesn’t make sense, right? Truth is light Mr Trump & it can’t be hidden. Oh you can disguise it or try to persuade others to look away, but eventually TRUTH PREVAILS and there are no fixers or $$ that can change that. And to that we say THANK GOD! Prayers answered!
Wow your money laundering has moved on to the spin cycle hasn't it?
Shameless liar president.
#Spanky gonna  spank
No. He’s the #spankee 
This is a ROLL
And this is how to ROLL
Why are you talking about it then?

*role
Thanks for declaring the #NationalDayOfPrayer
And if you believe this, I have a WALL paid for by Mexico to sell you!
Right because everybody pays off false accusations. Wink wink 

You realize that with these tweets you are publicly calling your base, followers & voters, dumb & a bunch of rubes. Why do you insult them with lies & unbelievable made up stories? You said on AF1 you knew nothing?
So you just cheat on Melania. I hope she leaves you.....Your just a PIG hiding behind the WH. LOSER!!!
No amount of spin can deny the audio/video evidence that in the digital age, lives forever - from statements on AirForce Once to Sarah Sander at Press Briefing to Rudy Giuliani not being able to keep his story straight from round 1 on with a shocked and trying to cover up Hannity
You should learn the difference between "Roll" and "Role"...

Example.

"I took a roll in the hay with many skanks who also peed in my face"

And

"played no role in this transaction"

Do you understand the difference, 3rd grade nitwit?  How do you even claim to be intelligent?
Although it's not really a funnel, you get the point. @PeteSouza, King of Shade!
So, you then had the #GOP pass a #TaxScamBill because the wealthy need hundreds of thousands of pocket change to make their prostitutes, girlfriends and abortions go away!
No matter how you spin it, you’re goin down dotard. #StormyOutside #ImpeachTrumpNow

U.S. investigators wiretapped phone lines of Trump lawyer: NBC https://reut.rs/2rgWCW0  
Who gives a rats backside what then civilian Donald Trump did in his life?this whole stormy Daniels thing is nothing more than a gold diggers attempt to get money,and a porn star?really?no proof,no nothing regarding any crime committed,let he who is without sin cast the 1st stone
If the affair was in 2004. Yet you only signed the agreement in 2016 just prior to the election, obviously it was done in order to hide this skeleton in your closet. It has everything to do with the campaign.
#Press is having NONE of @PressSec today! She’s full of  as usual only getting called out on it!
@costareports @ReignOfApril
I have an idea - just shut down the entire damned @TheJusticeDept 

#MichaelCohen "wiretap" is just another in a long list of bias, criminality, incompetence & treason by .@TheJusticeDept  Scrub it - start over.

If Hillary isn't indicted soon, that's the last chance to redeem.
People, people, people.... guess what?  Nixon and Clinton were IN office at the TIME of their transgressions. Trump was NOT even running for office when this crap took place. Btw... WHO cares what the hooker has to say?  She is money hungry and looking for attention.
Clinton didn't get impeached for his transgression. He got impeached for lying about them. You know... lying... the thing Donald does all the time.
Again... the event he lied about occurred while he was the sitting president.  DJT may or may not have had an affair YEARS before he ran (and won).  It’s an allegation and there’s no dress to prove Stormi’s story so...  Not even comparable.
I guess is says the same as the MAJORITY of people in this country. We DONT care what a WHORE has to say about our commander in chief.  Bye now.
*role, but you’ll be rolling toward impeachment soon enough
Keep poking that bees nest. #ReleaseTheDVD
So funny, now you admit to the payoff but a couple of weeks ago you had no idea what anybody was talking about. You just can't help yourself can you?
Its very hard to believe anything you say. Everyone knows that you lie about everything. Aren't you embarrassed about how all your lies are proven falsehoods everyday? I'm embarrassed for you.  Sad
Attorney: Facts not in evidence.
English teacher: Role, you idiot!
Narrator: That doesn't mean it was legal.
Mr President how long has your nose grown recently? You really need to stop with all of your so called justifications of why you need to amend everything that comes out of your mouth. #Enough Already!!
Give Mr. Trump back his phone.
Aren’t you SCARED, someone has pictures OR videos???!!! Hahahahaha!!! Ya should be!!!
REALLY ??   Guilty is as Guilty does.  #TimeToGoDonald
So you did pay her off after all and knew all the details of it, what a surprise you lying SOB. 
#DoYouKnowWhatTheTruthIs
You do not need to explain your personal business to us.
Fire Sessions & get someone who is going to stop the corrupt gov from attacking you, your wife, children, cabinet, business associates, friends, lawyers, etc.Sessions should have wiretapped several people a year ago! Fk JS
Why are you such a dumbbell?  You're a bone head!  I have always noticed you are a bad person with no class. Now I noticed how hollow your cranium is.
Hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico Air National Guard mourns after 9 crew killed in Georgia crash.
I know you didn’t, you know how the FAKE NEWS MEDIA are!!!
You didn’t write this. No miscellaneous capital letters. Pretty obvious, Mr Shitpile.
Let me demonstrate “roll,” Donald:
Donald, you gotta wake the 'F' up. You're being had from all angles. I keep saying you're getting bad and incorrect advice.

Read that book, "Presidential Powers," Find out where you stand. You have power.

I made that book name up, but there is a book.
Suuuuure
You have been recorded speaking to Cohen on the phone. Did you promise a pardon? Did you tell him to destroy evidence? You are soooo screwed!
Real talk: you sound scared bro
Why are you tweeting about something you claimed you know NOTHING about?  Didn't you say that Cohen only did a very tiny amount of work for you, but that Cohen has his own business, he did business with his business, but his business had nothing to do with you?
Even your lawyers can't spell
So you paid a pornstar you didn’t sleep with to keep quite? Tell it to @FLOTUS and @FBI

What? You just give away free money? Everyone is on to your lies..
No roll?
*role... damn ur lawyers don't proofread?
Can you explain why you lie all the time?
Who wrote these tweets on your behalf?
Guilianni...who's throwing you under the bus for a change?
Tick, tock
ROLL. ROLL. ROLL. HOW STUPID ARE YOU OH MY GOD.
You can’t even remember your last lie!
MAGA 
LORDY!!!! There are TAPES!!! Buckle up buttercup!!!
Please retire and go back home, so it can stop you from destroying the world.
You really need to look into what constitutes a campaign contribution. Maybe have someone explain it to you who isn't Rudy. Just a suggestion. Also, because I know you respond well to pictures, these are rolls:
with the unfolding of recent events, we can make out that white house deals with lies to the core, what good can we expect from a bunch of liars, its not about some mcdonalds feeding monkey, what saddens me is that the greatest establishment in the world can no longer be trusted.
Rush Limbaugh had great point today, said that the Dems are establishing a precedence to have the Office of President subordinate to DOJ.
The Trump hating Knuckleheads in bathrobes, who post absolute bullsh't 24/7 are out enmasses again today and again with accusations without facts. Just internet graffetti.
HOW MANY TIMES DO YOU HAVE TO SAY IT SIR.  LIBERALS ARE STUPID, IGNORANT, AND IT APPEARS, THEY ARE ALSO DEAF.
"Really, I paid Stormy $130K to not discuss something that’s never happened". Great deal. Where do we sign up? I can offer several events that never happened.

Let the sparks fly and take action and get all emails free they are trying to run out the clock IT WONT HAPPEN BUT just in case they take the house in November it all will be steeped under the rug and all get off the hook

No one gives a shit about Stormy whatsherface. Just release "the tape" if they don't shut up.
You are doing a great job, President Trump! A lesser man would have crumbled under this Witch Hunt the Deep State including members of our Gov is conducting. Honestly, I think most people don't care about your past. It's not like we didn't know most before we ever voted! #MAGA


So I'm still waiting for my 6 figure check to stop saying we had sex in the Rose Garden even tho we never did.
It seems your lie about it being in the mail is the same as that "not in your mouth" lie TOO!
You cheated on @FLOTUS ADMIT IT! For the love of #NationalPrayerDay
Where you lying when you said you knew nothing about this payment, or are you lying now?  And, if you are innocent, why do you lie?
It’s really appalling when you are tweeting an explanation of your NDA over a sexual affair with a woman, not your wife, while your actual wife was in Trump Tower caring for your 2 month old son. Paying her 3 weeks before the election points to a criminal campaign finance payment
Diese Pornotante ist bezahlt aber nicht von Trump sondern von Partei GEGNER
It’s spelled ‘role’, you dingus.
@realDonaldTrump,  So any random porn star can claim to have an affair with you and your lawyer pay them $130k to  not talk about NOT having sex with you ?

Hmmm, what should my porn name be ? 
#EasyMoney
Keep up the good work, Mr. President. With all the serious things going on around the world & in USA, we are constantly subject to Liberal bias media, porn star, leaks, & lies. Perverted people. These so-called humans are relentless, but you, sir are resilient. Stay after them.
I’ll take 130k for not talking about an affair we never had. Thanks buddy!

have someone EDUCATED explain what constitutes a 

CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW VIOLATION

you PAID money to avoid having the news affect your CAMPAIGN

it came CLOSE to the ELECTION, that is an "in kind" contribution

you did NOT DISCLOSE

you EXCEEDED limits IN the law

ILLEGAL
Okayyyy, Lady Macbeth

"It is absolutely stunning that we've reached the point where the President of the United States appeared to have lied to the U.S. Office of Government Ethics about a payoff to a porn star." #spanky http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/385994-ex-white-house-ethics-chief-trump-just-admitted-filing-a-false#.WutgUszmtTg.twitter …
