
Funny how your account is not followed or endorsed by any real teachers. So really it's just Teacher Against Trump. Kinda lame.
Well, Rick, thanks for your commentary.  I know that #truth is sometimes difficult for @realDonaldTrump followers, but the truth is that I am a teacher and this is for teachers.  Please block me so you won't run the risk of hearing ideas that might conflict with your world view.
Like this kind of #truth?
Exactly!  Actions and performance.
Like the actions he took to sell the Y
US out to Russia?

Or how about the actions he didn't take to bring his companies back from overseas?
Or the actions he takes every day to monetize the presidency because he is a corrupt piece of shit? #TrumpCrimeFamily

You mean the job her STAFF did. Melania did, what, choose the entree and point to them?
Why do you care?
Next time we'll let a Dem slide in through the Electoral College while a Rep gets 3 million more votes than them. Then we'll bitch about your reaction.
If that’s all you got, I suggest just quitting now
Abuzz!
Over the moon I tell ya!
Did she play the Pee Pee game with them too??????
How old R U? 10? Isn't it time U got off the grade school playground. Guys who talk like that R usually impotent. That must B why U would insult a beautiful woman U don't know! They have blue pills 4 that now, though I suspect U 'd have 2 pay someone.
With a mug like that he’s paying double
 bet he liked Michelle (micheal)  
1 Peter 4:14
If you are reproached for the name of #Christ, blessed are you, for the Spirit of #glory and of #God #rests upon you. On their part He is blasphemed, but on your part He is glorified.
#GOD bless our #Nation #JesusOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
You must pray for Jesus God.

You and most all of America!!! Yes we LOVE President Trump and our first lady Melania!!!!! 
Just that little handholding hiccup then...
@FLOTUS #MAGA2020 

Thank-you Melania for the Grace, Style and Eloquence you bring to the White House. You're intelligent, warm-hearted, BEAUTIFUL...  you have it ALL.   Such a wonderful role model for young girls.  So proud of our @POTUS !

#QAnon
And, so proud of our FLOTUS
Did you still have your late night bag of McDonalds cheeseburgers?
Wow. What an amazing skill. 
And btw, she still hates you and we all saw that...again.
Greg is still angry about all the times his lunch money got stolen.


What is wrong with you? Why are you so unhapoy?
Abuzz? Kind of like how she was abuzz about grabbing your hand. 

Psst - she hates you.
Melania is the most classy and phenomenally stunning First Lady America has ever had.
I am sure you don’t have regrets in your past!
Who doesn't? Difference is, I'm honest about it.
Melania is the most magnificent First Lady of All Time!
Jacob is another con.
You're a disgrace to America. Resign and save us all some embarrassment.
Your DHS (because it's not America's DHS anymore, it's Trump's) has been given what, 9 months? to show the court why DACA isn't constitutional & I'm loving it! You're racist attempt to make 800,00 young people homeless & strand them in a strange country has been rejected 3 times.
Yes she did , she is eloquence and grace and makes us proud and a strong woman who shows the srength of a conservative woman
She is eloquence? In what language?
Most people that come from European countries can speak two to three different languages. The Trump children also speak more than one language. Most of you liberals who tweet ugliness can't even speak English correctly.
If she could speak French we'd have heard her chatting away with Mrs. Macron because that footage would be golden! One big, fat bragging point for Trump & he'd proclaim it to the land but no, because she does not speak French. Rien. Disagree? Bring me the receipts, merci. Auvoir.
She may have been in private ,
Keep telling yourself that dear.  I'm beginning to feel sorry for you. Elle ne  parle pas le francais, mon amie.  C'est dommage...
I feel sorry for those who have went full fascist against this nation.
Stop deflecting.  She does not speak French and you cannot stand it!!!  HAHAhhahaha.  Get a grip. Dear.
She did a great job avoiding your tiny handed attempt to hold her hand, too. Her daily disgust with you is all of us
Melania is the best FLOTUS ever. Thank you Trump for making america great again
#pinkyprodding #shutdown
 All the glitter and gold in the world won't change that you're a scumbag.  Macron honey what were you thinking??

Melania doesn't seem to like you, donald.
Just staying
#ThanksObama
We love our First Lady. You're a lucky guy Mr. President.
We are proud of you and the 1st Lady.
Very well done Sir.

During your campaign you said state dinners were a waste of money- that everyone should just eat burgers around a conference table. Funny, huh?
But she didn't wanna hold your hand
Good thing the weather was clear, if it had been Stormy it could've ruined everything she worked hard on.
.@С женой проделал замечательную работу хостинга президент Франции @EmmanuelMacron и его жена Бриджит. Каждая деталь была сделана до совершенства. Состояние столовой никогда не выглядел более красивым, и Вашингтон гудит над тем, что невероятные Мелан... @realDonaldTrump
@FLOTUS  makes us all proud.
You hit the jackpot when you snagged her
This is the first study to show that providing high-quality Fruits & vegetables to young adults can result in short-term improvements in vitality, flourishing, and motivation.

Know what it is.. 
Thank you,  @FLOTUS for representing our country so beautifully.  You looked stunning yesterday.
Melania is such an amazing woman of style and grace.
If gaudy & unsophisticated is what you mean by "spectacular" - well, that's another lie. Like every day. She needs to stick with the only thing she appears to know, boob jobs & face lifts. #prostitute
Did she take my advice and go with Taco Tuesday?

You owe her a helluva lot more than a "thank you"...
#ShitholePresident #lyingliarinchief
She don't even want to hold your tiny hand in public bro.

Indeed. She did this with grace and style.
What’s with the music tho?
He’s probably the only man on earth that looks like crap in a tuxedo
He refuses to get his clothes properly tailored and has terrible posture.

Jaws (1975) 
What would Jesus do?

Not cheat on My 3rd wife (who had just given birth to My 5th child) with a pornstar and then pay her off in the stupidest way possible that gets my lawyer busted by the FBI.

I'd also never vote Trump.

Obama is a much a better and smarter man. I miss him.

I heard the dinner was from PlutO...where we ALL want fake45 to go...4ever
Love the tie!! 
And the stupid comments I'm reading here are the reason the guest list didn't include democrats (except for one who obviously has manners) or the MSM. Visiting dignitaries have enough crazy people in their own countries, and I'm glad @POTUS didn't subject Mr. Macron to ours 
News flash: you don’t have to be a Democrat to detest this tool & his ilk, just a patriot. #LockThemAllUp #TrumpCrimeFamily
I think someone needs a nap, and maybe a diaper change?
An excellent purchase you made with your mail order bride. At least this particular investment didn’t go bankrupt #CrookedDonaldTrump
Yet! Lol
Not to mention she could have a conversation with them w/o an interpreter!! Love our @FLOTUS she is pure class and grace!!
Of course she didn't need an interpreter! They speak ENGLISH!!! and probably didn't speak much to her anyways. LOL!!!



She's still not gonna hold your hand, dude


And Mr. Macron did an outstanding job laying out his vision for the future of the world in Congress yesterday. 

His narrative also said that DONALD J TRUMP is NOT a good man for PRESIDENT Of USA.

Make more #MAGA . Good luck to you Donnie.
Cool she can cater.
How much did this cost the tax-payers?
You said you would NOT have state dinners.  Remember?
You are incapable of being honest.
I bet it made her smile. Just like that charming man did at the funeral last week. #TheResistance #BlueWaveComing2018 #ImpeachTrump
@FLOTUS loved watching her swat your hand away.
Why do you feel the need to boast about stuff like this on Twitter?
How does it feel to be embarrassed in front of the U.S Congress by @EmmanuelMacron?
Sure they are. Abuzz. All abuzz. You can feel it here in Jersey. Amazing. Forks were on the left and everything. What a job. What a woman. Ya can’t buy women like that anymore. Oh... wait... yes, you can. You did.
I noticed she still is trying to avoid holding your hand.  How about Macon's speech?  Excellent!
One detail you missed - inviting any Democrats.
She’s still repulsed by you; like everyone else.
Maybe you should have gotten her a birthday gift, then.
Her staff, you mean.
She still despises holding your hand. What does that tell you big guy?!
Dear God please continue to guide and protect President Trump in Jesus's name Amen.
Dear God please help wake your children to see the demons and evil around us, in Jesus's name Amen.
#TheGreatAwakening #QAnon #WWG1WGA #WWG1WGA #WWG1WGA #WWG1WGA #UnitedWeStand
Yes she did and I love that her beauty came through with her choices and the fact she coordinated the whole thing on her own.   I am extremely proud to have her as our First Lady. 
#SheHatesYouMoreThanWeDo

#AndWeREALLYHateYou

#TrumpColludedWithAnotherVagina
So true, in my years I have not witnessed such style and grace from a First Lady. That is saying a lot considering the wonderful women who have come before. I am proud to be a veteran and a citizen! #maga
What, did she perform a striptease?
Set the table herself did she?
Ivanka&Jackson would be better off if she kept her2 cents about Jackson to herself.First, she is not educated enough to voice her comments about him or anything about our nation and second he has earned enough negative actions for himself to prove her comments null! Go back to NY
Too bad Melania wouldn't put on a brave face and let you hold her hand...she doesn't know what else you've grabbed with it lately...lol... Bet she can't wait to get back into the dating young, virile men like Macron when you're in prison.
Pretty tough to hire that event planner "who set up everything", right Melania?..."what an incredible job". Nice posed photo array for the interwebs and media of her "helping". At least you didn't wear a $13K dress to the dinner like your husband's daughter, Ivanka. So classy.
How cute. Did the 'little woman' decant the tomato sauce and put out the best china?
FLOTUS is a disgrace.  How's the campaign for bullying going?  Her spouse has a great big mouth (metaphorically speaking, because your mouth looks like an asshole with a huge hemorrhoid around it).  All the money in the world can't buy class, obviously.
What a perfect little Stepford wife she was this week. You must be brimming with pride. But at times, she did look like “deer in headlights”.

congrats with your wive happy birthday xx stay strong pres. Donny.
Please let your ghost-Tweeter Tweet for you every day! So refreshing, even if all you do is flatter your wife. Imagine how amazing it could be if these grammatically correct and well-writtten Tweets were about relevant matters. Let’s start with the Waffle House Hero, James Shaw!
Happy Birthday to Melania .  Of course our FLOTUS did an Incredible job hosting in the State Dining room.  Proud of her good works and good heart.
It’s easy to decorate extravagantly and entertain lavishly when it’s all on the taxpayers’ dime. I doubt @fLOTUS actually did any work on this herself, however.
Whoopee! No Disrespect to Melania but WHITE HOUSE STAFF did a Great Job, Yet no mention of them! A REAL POPULIST would have Pointed out that Contribution. So, I guess You're NOT A POPULIST AS YOU CLAIM BUT AN ELITIST! Do you see the Difference @TrumpStudents   @SupportersTrump?
You are one lucky man, Sir!  Melania’s grace and beauty, is a true asset to you and Our Nation.
We are blessed with @FLOTUS 
法国总统马克龙：我不会像某人一样艳羡新型强权，摒弃自由，以及民族主义的假象。I do not share the fascination for new strong powers, the abandonment of freedom, and the illusion of nationalism. (My best regards to President Xi and Putin,致习近平和普京） #Macron #Putin #XiJinping
It's amazing how well she does when she has a staff of 30 or 40 people doing everything for her
Check your facts she has the smallest staff
Define smallest staff.
Oh, sure.  Not that the White House staff who've done this hundreds of times deserve any credit whatsoever.  Face it.  Melania maybe chose the china and the flowers.  Get real.
Understatement! Melania is a #PutinHoneyPot. Period.
You are a lucky man. She is just wonderful.
We want the texts unredacted! We need to know the truth, everything, not bits & pieces. 

We are tired of nothing being done & facts being hidden from us. 

Where is GOP chairwoman. We need to be screaming from the roof tops! We need to be organizing and fighting harder
She and her hat upstaged you. Aren’t you pissed off?
Translation: The ketchup bottles were integrated into the centerpieces beautifully.
Hahahaha! @realDonaldTrump is such a #Hypocrite

DJT - “We shouldn’t have dinners at all…we should be eating a hamburger on a conference table,” he said, expressing his disdain for how Barack Obama hosted Chinese president Xi Jinping in the traditionally lavish manner.
Macron wrecked you and all you stand for in his speech.
Like she did any work. Why not publicly thank your staff for making sure things are done right.
and then Macron gave you the middle finger the next day...salmonella or was it eColi in that meal? Or was it that great Oregon pinot that brought him to his senses?
that's literally her job...must be hard planning a party here and there
To put things in perspective, she threw a party. Doesn’t take much to impress Washington does it?
i congratulate president  TRUMP, his beautiful wife madam  Melania and  the American people for the great reception  of president MACRON and his wife at Washington
Since when did it become a duty of the office to comment on every horrific event.The President is not a pundit,reporter or a priest giving absolution.Yeah I want the leaders who protect us to turn their backs,if only for a second on the dangers facing our existence,no thanks.
Washington's abuzz, all right.

Mostly about how you're a shouty old man who Is. Going. To. Jail.
She did great! And I liked the hat
#TrumpIsAMoron
She planned a dinner with help. Her dress was atrocious! What else does she do during the day? Cyber bullying? That’s been a total failure as she cannot control the biggest bully in the US! That would be you! Spare us with her planning of the dinner! @EliRadninyc @AndreasOpinions
All the best....jesus saves.
.I love the fact that POTUS45 is still so in love with and so proud of FLOTUS. It brings joy to my heart! He loves America and Americans just as much!
Deep State #VetsResistSquadron @Goss30Goss  Macron is very smart.

He snuggled, cuddled, & praised Trump for the ego boost.

Then he went to Congress and shredded Trumpism and all the bullshit that goes along with it.

Well played!

#ThursdayThoughts 
#MacronTrump
Yes she did an amazing job!! You should be as proud as you are of her Mr President
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @tedcruz Australia, United Kingdom, France, Sweden & others should receive no special deals, exemptions, and/or exceptions until they pass laws that protect their PEOPLE. They must re-ARM their PEOPLE now (pass #2A laws to ARM their CITIZENS). #USA
#HandsOff #SheHatesYouToo #DonTheCon #MacronForPOTUS
#Qanon #ReleasetheTexts  #Releasethetext #Releasethetexts #NoRedactions
That's how you looked to the world! Impressive!!
Why did you cheat on her then
Give a fuck what a prick you are @realDonaldTrump
Yes, just stunning!

She's precious. I love my first family. #MAGA
Then why were you “too busy” to get her a birthday gift?
You literally feeding at the American Trough, funded by the American Citizenry presents a real conundrum....You being a fat, wealthy psycho slob, should not be slopping down on the dime of the American People....or perhaps a McDonald's will do !!!
Really??? Or do you have your staff so afraid of you that they wouldn’t dare tell you the truth.
Yes indeed..spectacular..just like everything else our #POTUS is doing...you rock @realDonaldTrump @VP @FLOTUS !!!!!
Absolutely no one is abuzz over your staff hosting a dinner. What people ARE buzzing about is the Protect Mueller Bill and your idiotic appearance on f&f this morning.
The #FirstLady is great! 
With her doing the job saves a great deal of time and money as genuinely reported!
We are proud of Melania! She is beautiful and talented.
She is a fantastic First Lady, and wonderful representative for America.
We are so fortunate Mr. President to have her as our First Lady.
Melania did do a good job of hosting the President of France, you on the other hand were just creepy.  You can't pull off a bromance, with you it just comes off wrong.

Melania is a classy and dignified first lady!
Your staff ? Not going to thank them? No mention of the hero at the Waffle House. But you can thank Kanye for signing a freaking hat! Pathetic!
Thank you Melania for all your hard work..I enjoyed watching it on tv and your efforts made it  truly a  special event for this country!
Was there a strict budget to adhere to?
Time magazine and others need to do her cover. Not a spicier, classier female to serve since Jackie O.. always a Lady never a Tramp... Happy Birthday gracious American Mam
Absolutely correct! She did a Super job. Too bad you can’t say the same! Your a lousy president and a worse human being! Actually that pic of the Orangatang looked better that you
Marcon outclassed you in your own house and spoke out against your divisiveness, denial  of science and alienation of other nations and reinvigorated true democracy like you never have or can - A Real President.
What has this country come to? The POTUS brags about a dinner that he keeps the other party and the press out?
Awesome our @FLOTUS
What the hell is the point of this message, that your trophy wife can plan a party?  You’re a joke.  Tick tock.
The only buzzzzzzzz in DC is your personal physician
#WorldClassFool, #PutinsPuppet,
It's a shame that Melania can do a whole lot better than you can maybe she needs to be president and you need to be the first husband because it seems she can work out things a lot better than you can
Maybe you should put the phone down and go get her a bday present then.
Can't wait until we are celebrating your resignation and/or impeachment.
She is just wonderful. She makes us proud!
Party Planning is not that impressive ... sorry ... we need a real First Lady ...
she hasn’t touched your junk since 2016
Its too late to brown nose, dipshit, she knows you've been raw doggin porn stars.
Lol look him trying to get laid
Well, she is building a portfolio as a party planner, she will need a job when you go to jail.
It would seem that @FLOTUS would rather be a White House event planner than being seen with you as your wife. 
I say you should elevate her to that position!
#BrushThatHandAway
Thank goodness there is one competent, kind, and smart person with grace in the White House!
The Nation is very proud of @FLOTUS, she always displays such style and grace.  We are grateful to have such a wonderful First Lady. @realDonaldTrump
Trying to kiss up?  She still doesn’t want to hold your tiny hand. The entire world saw your pathetic attempt.
I don't think she'll take a nice tweet for her birthday present, dondon.
Why didn't she want to hold your hand?
You have got yourself a ‘Jewel’ -and so does the Country.  
bacon bacon
Great message to girls in our country. Work to look sexy, foreign language an asset, parade in front of presidential hopeful, hook him, pregnancy helps, and then you too may someday take credit for function your staff did.
Great except you were there.  Telling the President of France  he had dandruff? Really? With that piece of Caribou Crotch you carry on your head, you don't have any business offering sartorial tips to anyone. I heard you were trying to be an A-dog. Well, you got the Dog part OK.
She had the time available to set this up since she wasn't wasting it holding your tiny orange hand.
Did the President of France remember to buy @FLOTUS  a birthday present?
Asking for a friend.
#DumpTrump 
#NoStateVisit
It doesn't matter what you say, that ship has sailed None tonight ( or any other night)
How does it feel to be the first openly homosexual president?
We are proud of @FLOTUS what class and grace. Proud to call you my President also! Keep fighting!
That's what my wife does every week for our business guest. She doesn't need 3 months to arrange it !!!

Is your son Barron ever allowed at family dinners?
Very proud to be an American and have a real American president in the White House.
The Flotus Melania is a lady with very refined class. Obviously, the state dinner between Potus T. and Pof. Macron further unify the alliance to achieve economic and military agreements in Europe and the Middle East.
To bad you can’t take lesson from her on style and grace

Jane Goodall knows primates. She knows how they demonstrate submission. 
Yeah not going to work... #PresidentSpanky...
She is an incredible lady!
She looked pretty. Too bad she's married to an ogre with no morals. Waste of such beauty.
Actually, Washington is abuzz over how much Melania hates you.
Macron through your agenda under the bus while speaking to Congress. 
And, they gave him a standng ovation.
Love and hate. 

 Cmon trump, put your arm around her or smile at her sometime. It isn't all about you!
Congratulations to Mrs Trump for an excellent job hosting the state dinner with France and as always, making our country proud. 
Thank You President and Firstlady !!
Yes she did - from what I saw on TV it looked wonderful.  I will never forget her Christmas Decorations!  Absolutely gorgeous!  She has such Style!
We've seen the State dining room look much better than this. And Macron made a fool of you. You are a failure.

Macron thinks Trump will scrap Iran deal, calls US policy U-turns 'insane'
Her BEST job would be to rid herself of You..she has no self respect.
Washington seems to be abuzz with your ineptness, your idiocy and your crimes.  That should make you happy.. you're being talked about...lol #TheResistance
MACON A REAL LEADER FOR AMERICAN PRESIDENT 2020.
You’re blest to have such a magnificent wife & mother. She’s beautiful & smart. She’s Talented & well read. We are blest as well as she’s a remarkable FLOTUS. Thank you for bringing her to us. Thanks for making America Great Again!
And yet she still won’t hold your sweaty orange hand..
Yes she did a great job. My God she hates you so much 
Like who cares MAGA...... Macron douched you!
Happy birthday, @FLOTUS
#FLOTUS is classy and everything she does is great
And unlike ALL other First Ladies, SHE did it herSELF!! #WeLoveMelania
She did this out of pride and duty no doubt.  It’s good to hear.  You buried this praise with multiple tweets about Kanye West, through absolutely no effort what so ever, tweeted his praise of you .  Time for reflection?
But she refused to touch your hand AGAIN 
And you’re SO GRATEFUL, right, Trump?

Donald Trump Suggests Melania’s Birthday Gift Was Him Going on ‘Fox and Friends’: ‘Maybe I Didn’t Get Her So Much’ - Newsweek
I loved his speech to Congress 
