Our Commander in Chief LOVES our servicemen and they love him back! #AmericaFirst
KEEP AMERICA GREAT FLAGS NOW AVAILABLE... JUST COVER SHIPPING!

click the link now:
The USA isn't great at the moment.
And you are a coward and a fraud!
Donald Trump is the most despicable human being to ever hold the office of POTUS. America should be ashamed.
How did they feel standing with a five time draft dodger? You do know they probably talked about that behind your back, don’t you, Trump?
The greatest thing you can do for America Trump is to tender your resignation. Do it today!
Well Bishop your comments clearly show you have no respect for wounded veterans.
Mr Swan is spot on. So I advise you to stuff it.
So do you respect Wounded Warriors?
Fox News is to News what President Donald Trump is to the Presidency.
So it’s relevant. Thanks for verifying
Yes they’re both relevant. Who would argue that? Had you had a bigger vocabulary, you could have said something witty.
My apologies. I felt like I had to dumb down the conversation for you. Unlike troglodytes such as yourself, I don’t wait around for POTUS to tweet something just to try to look like a big shot in front of followers. Grow up or go to your cry box.
Yeah...that’s strike 2.
Whatever helps you sleep at night baby boy. Off to your cry box now
Did you really think ‘cry box’ was such a great line that you had to use it again?
Well, you DO cry on the POTUS’s every tweet on a daily basis. Pseudo intellectualism. Seriously, that shit is so sad. So gross.
The only reason you endorse Kanye West is because he's rich, and you're rich. He's a rich celebrity who supports you, and therefore you can accept his support because he's black. And not many black celebrities support you because they know the facts!
Do you know how kanye grew up. He's living the American dream and he is not blaming anyone and he is not the victim everyone wants him to be.
Our veterans are our best people!
With that being said, the way the Democrats Blocked Dr on the Jackson, from becoming the secretary of the veterans affairs, it’s an absolute disgrace and shows there are a disregard for continuity in the government!
They threw false allegations that a good man, just so that the veterans care would be in freefall since there is no leader at the helm right now! They would even kill the veterans to make Trump look bad!
Facts alert!!! The POTUS was the first person to tell him to drop out! Also the allegations came from his staff and since he only has 25 I think it probably won't be hard to figure out who it was. The people that look the other way when he walks in the room, yeah they did it!
Veterans don't want you to mess with is the unique relationship with the VA Hospital system. Veterans come to the VA hospital to fellowship with other veterans it's not just about getting care, it's about healing the soul around people who can understand them, other Veterans.
2 Thessalonians 3:3
But the #Lord is #faithful, who will establish you and #guard you from the evil one.
#GOD is with us #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus our #Christ  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD bless our #Nation  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Day #461 of the hostage situation. Evil Captor has not a single word to say about the brave unarmed man who stopped the white dude from killing more people and paid for the funerals of his victims! Meanwhile, Puerto Rico has no power, again!
@jamesalandarby
Remember Sailor!
Yes! What the hell does that even mean???
Hell if I know. I'd bet that's something his father used to say!
It's a word salad, flight of ideas kind of day!
Isn't it a day that ends with Y? :)
Why did he @ FauxNews with this tweet? Did he remember what he did yesterday because they mentioned it this morning? Or is he wanting to tell them about it? And why did he yell WOUNDED WARRIORS?
And why does Trumps tweets always lead to so many “why” questions. I’m just going to start replying to all his tweets with why. Why? Why?? Why???
This is a good opportunity to talk with real Veterans about what they want for VA leadership not what the Koch brothers want for their bottom line. People that want to privatize the VA don't really care about Veterans. Handing them a coupon and saying, good luck, is just wrong!
Got an MBA? and you think the government is the answer?
Not me.
Thank you for your service.
I like smart, good Government, I bet you do too. The military, ICE, and ATF are all run by the government. So is Social Security which is the greatest government program in the history of America, think it's not, try to mess with it and see what happens, it's never pretty. TYVM.
The republicans are all about big government. So are the Dems. As long as it’s with their policies either side is happy
Large government has been a death sentence for every great Civilization in history.
I always find it amusing how people think government is some mass entity that floats down from the sky. We are the government, and the government is us.
This is true.

Eat farts.
What exactly does #DonaldTrump do everyday besides lying, Tweeting, watching Fox and Friends and playing golf every weekend? 
Thank you Mr. president for always remembering the men and women in service for this great nation.
GREAT SHOW HAVING PRESIDENT Trump CALLING IN ON FOX & FRIENDS!!  LOVE  OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP!!
Why with the capital letters? WHY?
So "great" to listen to a lunatic POTUS on FoxandFriends yesterday.
It was epic. Mueller only has to watch Fox and gets all the evidence he needs to convict this POS 
Did you regale them w stories of your "personal Vietnam"?
Or..
These are your brave people
Wonderful to tout privatizing their healthcare while they were there...

No. You. Are. Sick.

Don't privatize his benefits.  It will hurt him.  Just listen to the vets.
No doubt....president bone spurs
If you care about vets, then your administration should stop tying to cut funding for mental health services. But who am I kidding? You don’t care.

To all TS'S Thank you!
I heard your speech and your made up words. You made it all about yourself.
Yes they are. The polar opposite of you, Cadet Bonespurs
@foxandfriends 
please book Donald J Trump @realDonaldTrump / @POTUS every single day on your show. No filters for him. Let him say everything and anything he wants. America deserves it.
To me it’s sad that the honor someone of your low character with their presence. That’s one of the small things that hurts about your stealing such an honorable position. No the position means far less in history.
Says the five time draft dodger. You're a national embarrassment.

What would YOU know about brave people, Space Cadet Bone Spurs?
Yeah!!!     I BET THOSE BAD FOOT TENDONS ARE STILL  KILLING YOU!!
#neverwasasoldier
POTUS is serving his country now. When were you a Prez of the US?  End of discussion.
There were 39,471 homeless veterans in the US when you took office. Do you have any plans for that, or is this just about parades and propaganda?
Really? He is doing more for vets than any other president!
If extending Obama's Veterans Choice Act is doing more than any president, I guess... oh yeah, there's this:
In 2014, it was revealed that dozens of veterans died while waiting for diagnosis and treatment at the Phoenix, Arizona VA Medical Center.
Build the WALL now!!
Evviva l'Italia!
How long did it take to come down from all that coke you had for breakfast yesterday morning?
All your butt kissing doesn't change tbe fact that you couldn't care less. We all know and dispise you.
When Trump picks his nominees, he's not sending his best. He is sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems to our veterans. They’re pushing drugs. They’re bringing unethical conduct. They’re drunks. And some, I assume, are good doctors.
Yes they are! But you treasonous, mafioso, criminal who keeps attacking Intelligence community PATRIOTS! You're DANGEROUS to the U.S and the world!
Wounded warriors deserve better than you. You're a disgrace.
Our Heroes. God bless our Military 
https://youtu.be/QtE0acRimSw  

#RidingObamasLegacyCoattails

Perfect....disabled vets kissing 45s butt. The same guy who throws veterans under the bus by nominating a drunken pill pusher.
请关注中国！！！！please！！！
It is unethical for the Office if the President of the United States to promote “news” (aka opinion and entertainment) channels. It is unethical for YOU to be the “POTUS”.
He has always called CNN “Fake News”.  That’s the political opinion channel...
Unlike Fox, who is called “opinion” by its management...and admittedly so by Hannity.


#Drumpf—how much stock do you own in Newscorp? Don’t be shy. Feel free to answer the related question: how much *stock* in the Trump Org is owned by the Rupester and Vovochka?

Remember?  He “ Always wanted a Purple Heart” 

WHAT A DISGRACE FOR AMERICA
What a joke he is.
#DrZaibKhan: Vote for #Trump in 2020. Do your rightful duty. Vote for #PresidentTrump’s nominees for #Senate. #AllAboutTrump
Unlike the treasonous #OrangeShitgibbon purporting to be their commander in chief
Thank you for your service and sacrifice SSG Nevins. Thank you Mr. President for honoring our Veterans! What a great day for our Country!

#KAG
#Veterans
You just take,take amd take, draft dodger!
Truth
Any chance you might acknowledge the heroism of James Shaw Jr.? A truly brave and special person who disarmed a mass shooter with his bare hands?
Cadet Bonespurs
You’re like some sort of honor vampire.  Proximity to heroes will not make you worthy in any way after the things you have said and done.
This old #Military guy says that @realDonaldTrump besmirches their service by #Trump 's very presence
You should have equal courtesy to all of the veterans, including the veterans groups you've blocked on Twitter. Thought a Federal judge ruled that wasn't kosher? Block veterans, yet millions of bots and fakes are allowed to follow. You are a complete sham.
Bone spurs didn't give you too much trouble? Good. That's good.
So says 5 time deferment #CadetBoneSpurs trump.  Very sad.  #resist #FakePOTUS #VoteThemOut
Is that the DODGE BALL team!!!???
The look on their faces says it all ...
Thank You @DrDisRespect
@DeviousDaveRose I knew you'd love this one. ----PS- Im stuck watching the greatest wrestling thing ever. FML111 I hope something really bad happens in the next 3 hrs.
Please tRumpy, don’t meddle in the two Koreas, THEY did it THEIR way and we do t need you to screw it up
Except they credit him with getting them together. 

DO try to keep up.
Farting is one way to finish up a meeting but not the reason it had to end. Let’s just keep it real.
Good advice.

Try taking it.
President Trump speaks with
Wounded Warriors and Staff Sgt Dan Nevis.
I loved Dan’s golf story!!!

I hope none of them were captured.  People will never forget what you said about one of our bravest wounded warriors- Senator John McCain.  You don’t deserve to address any wounded warrior or veteran.
Unlike you, Cadet Bone Spurs. Tell us more how you writing your name on a test made you a genius, & how your drunk doctor managed to add several inches to your height & subtract a ton of weight.
They’s brave, sir, but sum of them wounded warriors was caught (like that LOOSER McCain) and ain’t u ferget the ALSO brave men that was battlin’ the nasty bone spurs at home!  Them like u is the REAL heroes!!

James Shaw Jr. disarmed a mass shooter without a weapon. When will you acknowledge this?

While all the sore losers sit here and type their same worn out insults everyday the President continues to keep his promises and is making America greater daily! 
Best President EVER Donald Trump #MAGA 
I'm sure you feel like you can relate to their wounds given that you too have suffered horrific wounds from bone spurs! Did you also tell them about your own personal Vietnam? I bet that would one up them.
So great to have putin and the incredible RUSSIAN HACKERS with me in the White House. My supporters are truly special ed people because of @foxandfriends



#WoundedWarriors
Wow, you had something scheduled! It has been a busy week for someone who usually works about 4 hours, 4 days a week. We know it has really cut into the old Twitter time. Natural to binge when you've been on the wagon. #TwitterRant #FauxNewsLiveTweet #AddictionChat 


Almost 2 dozen women have brought sexual harassment, misconduct, or assault allegations against Trump and I believe them. RT if you beleive them. #MeToo


Keep licking the windows...
Keep eating tide pods ,snorting condoms, paint thinner and crazy glue. .....now who actually would lick windows?  
'Paula'
If I were a military person I would be embarrassed to meet draft dodger bone spurs.

Personally President Trump, I wish they wouldn't put groups of people behind you the way they 'always' do. It's 'extremely' distracting. We don't want to watch these people chewing gum, rolling their eyes, talking to the person next to them, etc etc!!
Most of the group they had behind you yesterday couldn't have been more sour looking if they'd tried.
Still no word on the #WaffleHouseHero or #wafflehouse victims huh *45, but time to congratulate #KanyeWest AGAIN?? So busy that you only could get #Melania a card eh?

324 days in. Remember my daughter Reality Winner today. She is still jailed, pending a trial. The crime she is accused of? Exposing proof of Russian election meddling. #justice4reality 
Please look at her case!!
Diamond and Silk Just Smacked Down Arrogant Sheila Jackson Lee to Her Face https://www.westernjournal.com/ct/diamond-and-silk-just-smacked-down-arrogant-sheila-jackson-lee-to-her-face/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=PostSideSharingButtons&utm_content=2018-04-27&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons …  sdsd
Sheila J Lee is a pathetic operative, who bypassed all the hard facts of dates and timelines while attempting to inject false accusations against these ladies and entrap them. Now she says they lied under oath. Mizzzzz Lee...you’re an insult to humanity and should be in jail.
I wonder how they REALLY felt standing there with the DRAFT DODGER?
Physically ill is how they felt.
What about the thousands of homeless vets you're ignoring? Instead of helping them you're planning a wasteful and ridiculous parade to satisfy your ego.
I hope everyone in our GREAT MILITARY remembers how unfairly the leftist scum treated your nominee for the Sec. of the VA, Admiral Jackson, causing him to withdraw. That's DISGRACEFUL! Being that he is a Military man not some pencil pusher, he would have known exactly how to help

Amen
Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya was a Russian government informant when she met with Trump campaign officials at Trump Tower in 2016, she admitted in an interview with NBC News slated to air Friday. She had previously denied she had any ties to the Russian government.
“WAH! WAH!
I dodged the draft and put brave and special warriors like these guys at risk by giving away classified data to hostile entities.
I can’t compare with these guys!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
I’m weak and whiny!
I’m not a real man! WAH!”
- #crybabyTrump
C
A
D
E
T

B
O
N
E

S
P
U
R
S
And you are a draft-dodger.  You're not fit to shine their boots.
Totally did NOT expect to read Nevins in this post. Wtf
Did you show them your bone spurs? I am sure that they can relate to what you suffered through.
You're not worthy of cleaning their latrines. Something, given your sexual proclivities (big word, look it up), you would probably enjoy.
Says president* heel spurs. #illegitimatePOTUS #pleasegoaway!
There would be no need for Wounded Warriors if Congress would fully fund the VA. No cuts and no privatization! Turning the VA over to Wall Street healthcare profiteers would be a disaster for veterans. #VeteransUnite
For being a 3X draft dodger, you sure are fascinated by the military. Too bad you’re too old and fat to serve. #BoneSpursAreABitch
How many warriors were suffering from bone spurs?
That does not mean shit coming from Mr. Draft dodger bone spurs himself You are disgusting! #CadetBoneSpurs #fakepresident #draftdodgers #LiarInChief #moroninchief #notmypresident #TheResistance
I don’t see how in the world any of them could have had a speck of respect for you or any other serial draft dodger. Awkward.
The Wounded Warriors are men of great honor and service. Why are they being punished by a visit from a dishonorable monster with no service like Donald Trump? They deserve better than this indignity.
Guess what? We all heard you admit on Fox and Friends that you had #Cohen deal with @StormyDaniels . Winning!!
James Shaw Jr is also a brave and special person. Did you want to say something about his bravery?
Very nice, and what did the Waffle House hero say when you invited him????

We Patriots are key actors in the Revolution. Our CREATOR foreordained us 4 our parts. HE downloadeds software into the hardware we’ve developed as HE knew we would, enhancing our DNA downloads. We win,…
God Bless the Troops !!!
They hate you.
God bless our Wound Warriors. 




When will you honir Mr. Shaw with a White House visit for his part in taking down the White Supremacist in TN at the Waffle House massacre?
Yes sir they are. May God bless all who answer the call to serve. May God bless you Mr. President and may God bless America
Did you meet with the families of the "truly brave and special people" that were outside the wh----YOU are deporting 'warriors' !!!
Our servicemen deserve so much respect they are the reason our country is safe and strong
You don't think they are losers getting wounded
Thank you President Trump for recognizing Our Wounded Warriors!
Matthew Collins
Too bad you’re a five time draft dodger so you don’t have a clue what these soldiers went through. I’m a retired veteran and I DO have a clue. Oh, and I served DESPITE having “bone spurs!”
How about stopping all the bull SHIT about how much you help the veterans - the V.A. - IS STILL A MESS. GARY WAYNE KELLER - 9920
Yea you did a great job for our vets yesterday wounded vets. At the same time you try to put in a doctor that will prescribe them drugs they don’t need. The lead position for VA’s How great is that
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP 

Actually they were disgusted & humiliated to be anywhere near #CadetBoneSpurs a 5x draft dodger & laughingstock of the world.
Really? Then why:
Do u attack gold star families?
Can't u get the names of black soldiers killed in action correct?
R u decimating programs that help vets in order to give huge tax cuts 2 ur cronies?
Did u nominate a drunk to head the VA? 
Did u racially insult WWII wind talkers?
Cadet Bonespurs; how about doing something for the vets besides lip service
Unlike you @realDonaldTrump, who used your "bone spurs" to get out of serving your country in Vietnam!!
Donald dotard you are out of your mind.
We R very proud of them as well.
They R truly brave.
#OurMilitaryAreHeroes
#WeLoveOurMilitary
#OurMilitaryMakesUsProud
#OurMilitaryBelievesInMAGA
#DrainTheSwamp
#EliminateSES
#DrainTheDeepState
#LockThemUp
#BOAdministrationAreTraitors
#EnoughIsEnough
#TheGreatAwakening
#QAnon
Cadet Bone Spurs should have been ashamed and apologetic to have been in the presence of true heroes.
How a draft dodger such as yourself has the nerve to face these soldiers I will never know. How are your feet doing today?
You are not special nor are you truly brave  Donald Coward Bone Spur Draft Dodger

we love our  Country and our President Trump, and you little hilarious hillary nuts,don't even know what is going on,free school, free food ,free housing, you nuts someone has to pay for it,go to Europe,
And yet you wanted to appoint a completely incompetent man to head the VA
Coward.
We wouldn't be free without them!
Bien muy bueno siga trabajando Dios lo ayude
TRUMP IS A DRAFT DODGING COWARD WHO WILL BE BEHIND BARS SOON!
They didn't look very happy to be there, understandably.
Any comment on the hero who stopped a white nationalist terrorist in #nashville or thoughts for the victims? #FuckOffTrump
Trump loves & honors our military, vets, police, & wounded warriors. Democrats hate them all. Smear them & incite violence against them.
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @CitizensFedUp @amazinmikey @zeitgeistbabe @LCNM99 @MtnMD #FBI #Veterans #Law #FridayFeeling #NoBallsDonnie#Education

As he CONTINUES to Destroy #VeteransAffairs
Millions REACT to Traitor Donnie's Continued Self Praise
https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/ne95jw/veterans-are-worried-trump-is-poised-to-dismantle-the-va-for-good …
In Baku Trump Tower burns.// http://rusdozor.ru/2018/02/10/otkrytoe-pismo-prezidentu-respubliki-azerbajdzhan-gospodinu-i-a-alievu-ot-akademika-araika-sargsyana/ …
http://www.nt.am/ru/news/250115/ 
https://www.kommersant.ru/doc/3618531 
yokatta よかったです
Maybe don't mention Fox & Friends for a while, nutjob.
No one gave me their Purple Heart this time. Sad.
You are so right Mr Pres, it's truly great to see these brave and special people in the White House. Without them, all we have in the White House is a draft-dodging coward.
#CadetBoneSpurs 
#militaryhistory 
#FoxNews
Thank you! WW always my #1 donation of choice. 
Not one trump, in the entire history of this coward family has ever served in the military. So sad.
Dan is a Great Yoga Teacher as well!
...then why did you nominate such an unqualified candidate to head up the VA?
You should have asked them how they avoided bone spurs.
our President is Brave and very special to the real American people, if you aren't for Trump, you aren't for America, he isn't going around telling countries how ashamed he is of us,he is proud to be a American,

Parabéns pelo seu trabalho. 

Congratulation my President!
@realDonaldTrump  left a green beret behind to be desecrated by the enemy then you and McMaster called her widow myesha Johnson a LIAR, you told GoldStar families that they have sacrificed nothing and nobody twice while campaigning, and then this. You are a disgrace to the nation
Did you tell them about your bone spurs war story?
If you respect the soldiers so much, why are you constantly trying to fuck them over?

#Macron & #Trump
Make #love great again   
Un petit replay de la grande rencontre Franco-Américain...…
Your team has time to change your Twitter pic, but no time to thank James Shaw for his heroic actions in saving many lives from a white terrorist attack
SAD!
They are our true heros, not the Hollywood actors that are paid millions to play the part of these heroes in a movie.
I heard from vets that wounded warriors hand out t-shirts instead of actual help.
Why did you include foxandfriends? Letting them know you said what they told you to say? Just askin'
Fat Nixon did you tell those brave soldiers how you used your bone spurs to dodge the draft?
The Warriors weren’t pissed off you dodged the draft? I would have been. Resign and take your crime family with you.
#CadetBoneSpurs
Unlike you ol' bonespurs!
Were you ever wounded in the war? Oh wait.....
