.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
“Define rock-ribbed: rocky:1; firm and inflexible in doctrine or integrity” — Merriam Webster

True leaders are flexible in doctrine.   @VoteMarsha boasts of her far right, knuckle dragging conservatism.   That hardly represents the whole of her constituency. 

Integrity?  #ALEC
Joanne you are wrong and you can only repeat the
rhetoric you are told No Logic

You belong to the  "nasty women march"
Bet you still wear the"nasty women" tee shirt 

VOTE RED
@VoteMarsha
Marsha Blackburn

Thankful 4 all the millions of prayers all over the world that helped get our Christian VP &a great POTUS &a Christian SCJ 4 life we need 1 or 2 more by 2024 it was worth the vote 4 President Trump 2 just get a Christian conservative SCJ 4 life Thankful 4 our VPs morals &faith
And we won't ever be fooled again!
Thankful God is always n control &4 all the millions of prayers that helped get a Christian VP & great POTUS n office & a Christian SCJ 4 life we need 1 or 2 more by 2024. Thankful 4 a VP with his morals & faith &knows homosexuality is sin &abortion is murder &sin by God's word
God would have never put Trump in the WH.
watching these fuckin' evangelicals bend over backwards to defend the guy from the Apprentice is hilarious.
Its great and eonderful that Hod eill forgive us all when the bible says we are all born lost sinners on our eay to hell and all the same in hi eyes to God sin is sin a lie is as bad as sex before marriage,cussing,rape,adultery,hate,anger,steal,drunkerd,porn,covet,lust,bitterness
legit cant tell if this is an actual bible thumper or just a bot. Still damn funny though.
#OustGOPincumbents 
#ReplaceCONgress 
More of the same swamp shit. 
#RefuseToVoteIncumbent
And That is WHY I Say @mike_pence 
We Should just GO BACK TO AFRICA @LaurenLLake and 
Start DIGGING FOR WATER 
You Idiot
WOO WOO WOO

Know why it's important to check your testicles?
The “presidential” endorsement will only mean that she will lose.  Bigly.
LOLOL go play with your 50 followers and get off our feeds!
Thank Dawn
So sick of these paid trolls who ALL seem to have 50 or less followers!!
These trolls are similar, few followers, and the tweets are vile
Maybe they are bots

She's a nut who along with closeted VP would happily see us ruled by a Christian sharia.
No mention of Waffle House killings?  I wish I could say I am surprised but I am not, you just suck!
With treatment, a woman who receives a diagnosis of stage 0 or stage 1 breast cancer has an almost almost 100 percent chance of surviving for at least 5 years.
If the diagnosis is....
Sen. Bob Corkscrew supports the democrat. Let THAT sink in!
Make sure you bring your wife if you invite her to dinner.


Why did Flynn lie?
Why did Seasions lie?
Why did Papadopalous lie?
Why did Manafort lie?…
You just gave her the curse of death, anybody you support has soured
So @mflynnJR let us all in on your little secret yesterday, traitor!
Then she will lose.. No one you or dumpty support win and those who do win end up under investigation! 
Anyone who’s a Trump champion especially of #AmericaFirst is a f—king racist and bad for America and humanity. Fact.
Praise God for Pres Trump. Someone who actually cares about the forgotten men and women of this country. He may not be perfect, just God forgiven, but neither is anyone else. God has placed him where he is for a reason. God loves us.
Climate change denier, evolution denier, supports marriage inequality, opposes net neutrality.

Of course you support her, she's as loony and vile as you are, Little White Helmet Head.
We all know about YOUR ties to Russia, Mike. You are as big of a Traitor as the sexual predator you tolerate in the White House. History, and God, will judge you harshly.I pray that the Old Testament is accurate.Your stay in Pergatory will be centuries of suffering for your dins.
#AmericaFirst
Yes sir! Rock ribbed sir most definitely rock ribbed! Very good quality to have sir! MAGA!!
Wow I was wondering if you’d have the nerve to post a new tweet ignoring the hero of the Waffle House shooting and in true disgusting fashion you did! Honor that man who saved lives!! So sorry he’s black!  You claimed you’d do something but he did! Don’t feel bad be the potus!!
James Shaw did exactly what Trump claims that he would have done...to run into gunfire unarmed. I think we all know that Trump would never do that, but at least acknowledge a man who actually did.
First problem with President pathetic’s claim is that he said he will “run”....! 
Then he claims he will enter the danger area where the murderer is spraying bullets ... I bet Donny will do a U-turn and claim he has another deferment note in his top pocket.
The Vice Chair (Blackburn) of Trump’s transition team was just endorsed by the Chair (Pence) and Trump himself. 

Sounds pretty “swampy” to me. 

#FillingTheSwamp

Another kind tolerant liberal insulting people while hiding behind a fake avi, you're so brave.
.We support @VoteMarsha and @mike_pence 
and our great leader @realDonaldTrump  

VOTE RED forTN
Vote for Marsha Blackburn
Take another Xanax and relax.
You better be careful--Mother won't like your interest in Marsha.
ribbed
Still not a word about the Waffle House shooting. I suppose if he was a homosexual or a Muslim you would have something to say
Nothing fucking matters with you fucking hypocrites. You are pure evil.
CNN Reportsthat Trump is now heavily utilizing a personal smartphone for communications

Remember they told us Clinton belonged in prison for using an insecur…
The hypocrisy has been comical & very difficult to understand.

Marsh Blackburn. Yet an other of Orange Führer Trumps lickspittles.
Sorry. While I appreciate your willingness to back your party's nominee for Senate (and the need to retain the seat as Republican), Democrat Phil Bredesen will be a generally unbiased voice regarding the needs of the citizens and the State of Tennessee.
The last thing Tennesseans need now is Marsha, another Representative that puts party over country.  Russia has attacked our Nation and GOP has failed to defend.

Phil Bredesen was an excellent Governor and will also be an excellent Senator.  He has my vote!
You make me laugh, check the real truth of who was in bed with the Russians, it was not the Republicans nor our Great President.  Look at Obama, Clinton, and Soros Cartel members.
Buddy...if you knew anything at all about the kind of persons that we're talking about here, you would know that Phil Bredesen is a person that will put the best interests of ALL people as the priority. Marsha Blackburn has, historically, placed her own interests first. I am an..

Never
MAGA
MAGA = MAGOTS ARE GOVERNING America
Yes they are
Oh poor babies just can’t get over losing. Boo hoo. Why don’t you cry babies just stay in bed with your blankie. Do you really know how old & worn out your same old grumbling is. Antiquated!
Wow
@MarshaBlackburn is a dumpster fire and will not win TN. Thank you and the orange shitgibbon for the endorsement as no she will definitely lose the race.
Orange shitgibbon?  Whoa!  That is really crude, but it made me chuckle.
Ty....me too!
Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for all the hard work to Make America Great Again.  United we are truly becoming the global leader again.
Tell me please why America is great now and wasn’t two years ago?
Two years ago Barrack Hussain Obama was the president that was leading us nowhere. See the difference now?
Sorry, you gave me no reason why were great now and not before. Jobs, GDP, market trends, it’s all the same. So what makes us great now?
Your reply impresses me as the sort of thing that someone in an endless tail chasing cycle might say. I'm sorry but we probably will not find any common ground.
Common sense Lady with class who has done a great job as a Representative, time for a promotion.
Voters don’t forget, trump also put his name behind: 

trump: 
Airlines 
Shuttle 
Steaks
Taj Mahal
University 
Magazine 
Mortgage
Beverages 
Travel 
Communications 

All failed miserably. So vote carefully! And please #VoteHimOut
Your list doesn't match the murders in Bengazi by a lying White House and the billions of dollars given to Loretta Lynch to the Iranians on the tarmac, or the sale of our uranium to Russia. Real crooks! A socialist agenda can not live in our God Blessed America.
America First is the rallying cry of white supremacists.
And it's a joke, because America has always been multi-ethnic. 
http://tenement.org/blog/noahs-arc-diversity-aboard-new-englands-whaling-ships/ …
Love her
Yes!!! We need MAGA CANDIDATES IN OFFICE!!!! NO MORE ESTABLISHMENT! SILENT MAJORITY, STAND UP!
Marsha is a God-loving woman as well.
Well, to be fair, Scooby-Doo is a great dog and would make a better senator than literally ANY republican!
Sounds like someone may be loosing touch with reality. Just saying.
Who Spanky or little Joey?
You’re just proving my point.

#BlueWaveComing2018
Good everning sir,
She is a freaking psychotic lunatic that belongs in an assylum, is pure evil, full of hatred, wrong for Tennessee, wrong for America, wrong for even a local school board.
I live in TN and I'm here to tell you, Marsha Blackburn is a Swamp Monster in every sense of the word! She will not have my vote!

Drain the Swamp - VOTE TRUE BLUE 2018
Marsha represents what is most backwards, racist, intolerant, fascist and dangerous to human progress. I hope Tennesseans get rid of her.
So all Socialist are libs and not very informed. 

You do know that FDR liked the fascist agenda, that socialism is the umbrella over communism, nazism, and fascism? Learn @ Hillsdale College, free online course Constitution101. Get educated not indoctrinated.
Let's all hope we don't end up with a Senator Marsha Dipshidiot!
Is rock-ribbed the kind of condoms you use?


Speaking of Tennessee...
#WaffleHouseKiller
Pence is just as guilty as trump. Don’t think Mueller doesn’t know that
She’ll lose.
Excuse me while I vomit
The Children of the Corn elder has spoken!

Who is this "our", Mike?  Do you have a mouse in your pocket?  You can't possibly be speaking of yourself and Trump -- He has no friends.  Zero.

Why do you lie so much about Flynn and other matters?


Typical Trump/Republican voters 

So what! thousands of blacks killing blacks and not one word from Obama!
Another that will lose because of your endorsement

Idiot
The volume of angry tweets coming from President Trump show a president deeply concerned about the investigations into Russia and his personal attorney Michael Cohen.
If you want this person...
The answer is

          NO!
If you believe a single word that come from these two men,  you're a fool.
She a homophobe like you?
Any woman who supports the #MisogynistInChief, an admitted sexual predator, should #HandInHerWomanCard!!  You're an embarrassment to the female gender.
does mother know you've touched Marsha's ribs?

104 years ago was born Jan #Karski - during #WWII, as a courier and emissary of the #PolishUndergroundState, he maintained contact between the underground authorities and the Polish Government in Exile, passing on…
Rock ribbed?

ATTENTION MEDIA: If Trump was telling Roberts the truth when he said he planned to leave Moscow directly from the Miss Universe after-party on the night of November 9-10, 2013, why did he ask Miss Hungary Kata Sarka to come to the Ritz for sex that night? https://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/miss-hungary-trump-invited-me-back-to-his-moscow-hotel-room-w461160/ …

Was the election last night??  If so, did she win????
Unfortunately all of those things are why she sucks
No more @realDonaldTrump swamp creatures!

#investigate #indict
#impeach #incarcerate #failing #fakepresident @POTUS #corruption #collusion #conspiracy #selfdealing #nepotism #lying @realDonaldTrump #bankruptcies #mismanagement #fraud
Hey Pence.  Will you be visiting your donald in prison, or, will you be his cellmate?  
Stormy 
Daniels 
Making
America
Great 
Again
he has a tape - locked and loaded #basta
Watch Ronald Reagan remarks about democrats in 1992 from 14:00 till 15:45 and enjoy. I love his speeches.
Awesome! Your endorsement almost guarantees a loss!

You need to resign too!
You knew Flynn was dirty from the start!
You knew Flynn discussed sanctions with the Russians back in December '16 during the transition from emails. 
You lied to the FBI back in February '17.
Your fake Christian act won't save you!
#PenceKnewFlynnLied
Haven't you figured out that an endorsement from you is like the kiss of death?
#TrumpIsAFuckingMoron  #ImpeachTrumpNow  #Resist #TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver  #TrumpIsALiar #TrumpRussia  #TrumpResign  #TrumpIsAFuckingMoron
Although “rock-ribbed” is a ridiculous term, it’s unfortunately a real word.

rock-ribbed: uncompromising, with respect to political allegiance. (usage for those members of the Republican Party)

Hopefully his endorsement will play out like #LutherStrange & #RoyMoore. #FuckTrump

Billionaires & corporations are making out like bandits under the #GOPTaxScam. Since passage of the bill, we've seen $260 BILLION in stock buybacks, and the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office says by…
Plus she hates the gays as much as I do. Go Marsha!
Bu ne diyor ha
Holy hypocrisy! Christians who are committed adulterers? Investigated for treasonous activity? Violate human rights? Steal from taxpayers? Attack civil liberties? Violate the environment? Pollute drinking water? Kill endangered species? Notthing conservative or Christian abt them
North Koreans have a way with words
They really respect @realDonaldTrump
The Presidents alter ego is John Barron.

What's yours?

'Turk Thrust?"
Rock Ribbed?  What the hell does that mean? #cyka
中国政府实在目中无人
You’ve given us every reason to hope she loses. Let me go donate to her opponent now.
To bad the great state of tn doesn’t agree with you
Pence you scare the shit out of an awful lot of people! When Mr Dennison is forced out there will be a movement in congress to totally ignore what you stand for!!
James Shaw Jr
You do know that AMERICA FIRST was a slogan designed to keep the US out of WWII and help the Nazi's war effort and now is a dog whistle for white nationalism?
I wouldn't ever vote repub...everyone is corrupt!
RESIGN
I’m glad u support her.  It means she’ll lose.  She’s packing up right now
Nashville  nra not working so good! Just saying!

From a resident of Tennessee, I applaud @VoteMarsha #MAGA
In that case let's hope whoever is running against her wins. Her type is exactly what our country doesn't need right now.
Marsha Marsha marsha give us a break and quit!
Pro choice

Scott Pruitt prepares to block the EPA from using science in setting regulations https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/4/24/1759511/-Scott-Pruitt-prepares-to-block-the-EPA-from-using-public-health-data …

1、Mini Smart Plug, ISELECTOR 2-Pack Wi-Fi Control Outlet Socket, No Hub Required, Compatible with Alexa and Google 
2、https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0797LC91T 
4、Discount code: BTKBH6D7
5、Start Date: 2018.4.24
8、Original price: 26.99
9、Discount percentage: 41%
Rock ribbed... is that like trump is rock headed???
Not on your life!

FUG----REPUG'S   AND  FUG PENCE
I hope her opponent wins!
Come on Tennessee vote for Marsha!
Try begging.
Really, why do you have such hateful I deals? I feel really sorry for you. I hope God can help you get back on the right trackBye-bye
How does she feel about making hard working Americans pay for the wall?
Phil Bredesen is a former 2-term governor of TN, with a proven record of working with democrats AND republicans to actually get things done.  He worked hard to get the Houston Oilers to Nashville as the Tennessee Titans and was instrumental in getting VW in Chattanooga..
Good. I hope she loses, bigly
With endorsements from scum who would vote for them.
She's as crooked as the rest of you Republitards. She's also the p.o.s who's tried to stop capitalist "free market" internet in Tennessee.
So don't think that this is happening because of President Trump, this is going to happen to you to if you are ever elected President. Any Republican elected President will be demonized by the liberal Media no matter what!! Unless the media is forced to be Honest and Trustworthy.
you mean Trump’s Russia First agenda

Still refusing to enact sanction @nikkihaley announced everyone agreed on after chemical weapon/nerve agent attack-he ALONE stopped them

Still refusing to address election meddling AGAINST AMERICA BY RUSSIA  because his ego gets bruised
Hahaha. No. She wants to doxx researchers working on fetal tissue.
Speaking of Tennessee.  Does Marsha also support the terrorist that shot up the waffle house?
Anyone y’all support we oppose
You are clearly as ignorant as Donald Trump himself. Your support of him is truly disgusting
Does Mother know you are endorsing another woman?
#TrumpCrimeFamily
@SMartySmile7  yes Vote Marsha!

Hey, Marsha, Trump is helping you. You're screwed.

Tennessean here. Marsha Blackburn support all the things that have much of the populace horrified by Trump administration. Phil Bredesen, former governor, is better choice. Moderate Dem, excellent history of public service. Cares about people, not party agenda.
Trump's approval rate has dropped to 48% in TN. He won this state by 61% in 2016. Evangelicals are catching on to what Trump real is.
Pro-jobs. Pro-military. Pro-stitute?
Marsha Blackburn is a kook!

Yea fill that swamp! Anyone you two have endorsed have been nothing but corrupt swamp monsters.
Not gonna happen. #BlueWave2018
The full support of trump and pence, lol makes my skin crawl a little just thinking about it.
But, as she is a woman, you cannot be alone with her, right?  More sanctimonious than Rick Santorum.
She IS an amazing lady & leader! Tennessee LOVES her! She's a great woman & proper example of #MAGA !
I take your word on nothing and nobody. Your appointments have mostly put vandals into power.  An administration of thugs and crooks.
@realDonaldTrump @VoteMarsha this republican will vote bredesen.   He has treated us well and is for Tennessee
SHUT UP, twit!  You're just trying to get some notice out of this because you think you're gonna be prez before the year is out.

Please resign today.  Please.  Think of all the golf you could play if you resigned.  Or are you not resigning because being POTUS would eliminate all the income your properties generate by renting to the Secret Service and hosting foreign dignitaries?
I would worry about your brother's run in Indiana more..  he is shady and borderline criminal but so what else is new.  Btw.. nice job writing an unconstitutional abortion law for Indiana, Mikey.
Nice to see you carrying water for your boss. By all means, don't concern yourself with what is good for the country and the people. Put party first and toe the line. It's what followers do.
She'll fit right in with the rest of your criminal administration. Shouldn't you be looking after Jonny Quest and Haji instead of trying to fuck over the majority of the country?
She's been horrible at every job she's ever held. And an endorsement from Trump is the kiss of death.
You mean kiss of political career loss right? Anyone you bolster loses.

You all make me sick . Look what you've done.
She's done
@evilzoraklives @Weezers_Revenge @snickerfritz04 @lonepatrick More like a ribbed condom! Don't tell mother! 
You mean she's a homophobic racist evangelical?


"He basically was not wanted at the Kennedy Center honors. He was embarrassed & frightened to go to the correspondents dinner & he was not invited to a funeral of a first lady ... This is a President who can't show up…
You are going to hell
Hey @mike_pence, you're PROUD of this?
Don administers the death knell.
"Rock-Headed" on Environment
Blackburn rejects scientific opinion on climate change, said planet had cooled in the 13 years prior to 2015.  "I think we've cooled almost 1 degree (F)."  "I don't think you will see me being persuaded on climate change."  YES, rigidly ignorant.
Tennessee has white breeding concepts, #Spanky?
I live in TN.  Marsha is a boil on the butt of this state.
