Your “doctored” letter by Bornstein was one of the earliest signs that you would go to any lengths to feed your hunger for power!

This fake health report, now 3 years old, is the ultimate proof of character!  #ImpeachTrumpNow 

#MuellerTime #SubpoenasAreComing #LiarInChief
And the unethical, deception continues as usual.
#EnoughIsEnough 

#Impeach45 
#AllLiesMatter
#BlueWaveTheGOP

@keanothedog @MsActiviss @Cmm09672 @DominiqueNYC @HouseGOP @TomSteyer @jimmykimmel @62WalterP @Funder
@maddow @TaggartRehnn @SagArcher @SliefkenVickie
#TheResistance #EnoughIsEnough #ImpeachTrump 
#TimesUp
#CongressComplicit
#NoTaxationWithoutRepresentation
I keep forgetting that DNC is suing the trump campaign!
That's right! YEAH!#TheResistance 


Pfft, like you read. Is it popup ?
New children’s book - “I can fit my little hands through the window bars” - by Donald J Trump.
Subtitled "Everyone Poops on Me."

And if I’m only going to see one movie this summer, what do you recommend?
The Maltese Falcon
Gaslight
Good one Jennifer. And timely. (I mistakenly thought he was asking a question, and didn’t realize his tweet was a reply.)
Don’t want to go to Russia where you’ll all be happy
41,666 is the average monthly death rate. 9,615 is the average weekly death rate. 1369 is the average daily death rate. 57is the average hourly death rate. This is equivalent to almost three 747s crashing daily @realDonaldTrump @POTUS HELP ME
I thought you couldn’t read
I read more accurate investigative journalism in Mad Magazine but thanks anyways!
Be nice if you respected our POTUS. You are American right? #veteran #usaf #artist #maga
@KeithsPencil maybe when trump respects our country others will respect him - unfortunately, I know your mind won’t change. you’re just another MAGA kook spouting conspiracy theories on Twitter.
North Korea, South Korea, Syria and China would disagree with you. When he gets the NOBEL, make sure you congratulate him.
Hippocrate!
Ummmm....Spelling?


More bullshit.
You are really fixated on her.  Is your Hillary distraction even working anymore? Didn’t you claim you were all gonna lock her up? Oh right! That was before Misha Flynn flipped. My bad!
Maybe if Donald paid as much attention to his wife as he does to Hillary she'd want to hold his (tiny) hand
I’ve got jury duty next week, could you get me out of it, seeing that it’s rigged? Are we wasting our time with this silliness if the system is rigged? Should I ask the judge who he or she voted for?
INCOMING!  Apparently friendly fire.
Love it!
So now you're claiming to have read a book?  You should really strive for greater clarity, sir.
If you mean, a good bed-time story, then please say that.
He doesn't read... Especially not that book there's absolutely no pictures involved. Donny you're starting to sound silly. Remember, silly rabbit Trix are for kids... this is more on your level I'm pretty sure you can read this.
They're not facing the right way.
Those are the only cheeks he cares to kiss...
It wasn't cheeks I was thinking of.  
You've never read a book in your way too long life.  You couldn't if you tried.  Do yourself a favore and #ResignNow.
@Twitter....What about that edit option?
That's all I want for Yule: a ten second edit window.
I'd prefer a full minute...but I'll take what I can get...lol.
Faux News analyst?  Lol 
I'm reading a better book. And a more realistic one.
Greg Jarretts book is pure FICTION! Like the news stories that air on Fox! Funny how his book is great because you think it makes you look good! That’s why we know it’s fiction, bcuz you and your administration are the most corrupt in US History! It will never be a best seller.
But this book, though...
Disclaimer: I may...or may not have created this. 
Love it! LOL 
This one is much more interesting & honest
The reviews are mostly good. One says 'easy to read." That's perfect for you. If you sign up for PRIME on Amazon, you can get it for a good price. But I would not recommend using campaign funds. I thinks that might be illegal, But you decide. Amazon is a great place to buy.
Bwahahahahahaha you DO have a sense of humor after all! 

Don’t you ever get tired of being ridiculous?
Tell me your favorite part. I believe you have read this book about as much as I believe you weigh 239 lbs
probably shouldn’t take book recommendations from the dude who has to get his morning briefings dictated to him because he’s too lazy/ distracted/ illiterate to read...
National Security Advisor: You see, Mr. President. When a mommy and daddy love each other VERY much...
You can't read, nor can you fathom being told your wrong without crying like a baby...
#russiasanctions now traitor. We haven't forgotten.
Read. The. Constitution.
Fire and Fury is better
Did you dictate the title of this book like you did your medical records?
You are a sad, little man...
Try "Killing the Deep State" by Dr. Jerome Corsi @jerome_corsi

‘Look at how the colleagues of HRC were treated...

They got IMMUNITY DEALS from Obama DOJ. Compare that to people that have had associations with…

Is it written in crayon?
Oh please, just let mueller do his work! Why are u so scared?
5 guilty pleas 20 charged.. Mueller has the facts. You should be very nervous



1) You don't read. You can't even read memos longer than a page with bullet points.

2) You're promoting a book that is denouncing an ongoing investigation of you. This is obstruction.

3) Go away.
read @tomkeenebooks
Your base aren’t huge readers... or they wouldn’t be your base.
I’m wondering who told him about it. It’s a cinch HE didn’t read it.

Aka a book full of CRAP!! MUCH LIKE YOU!!! #Impeach45
Come on, man...everyone knows that u don't read.
How much did that cost you?
Really?  the system seems to have worked just fine for the last 240 years before you showed up. You’re going down. And you know it.
Did you dictate this book like you dictated your doctor’s proclamation of good health?
Sly as a FOX
I’ll get to it after Comey’s book.... maybe
Actually, nah.
You. Are. Pathetic.
Stop promoting propaganda !!

UGH.
Who read it to you, Spanky?
now if you could only read...SAD
Who read it to you ?
Required reading for anybody who cares about the truth! Thank you sir!
Sycophantic fool

Trump has alot to hide.
One more time.  Do your job or resign.  Tweeting bullshit propaganda isn’t your job.  You DO have a press secretary who will LIE for you already.
Everything the left has screamed about and condemned our President for has concluded with victory for America. Stop placing your hatred of one man before your care of anything else. The results are undeniable folks! Unwavering winning momentum is occurring. #GreatAwakening 
He’s not our fucking president. Keep your piece of shit PINO.
Then you're not living in America...that is the only way he's not your President 
Uh right little boy. You can live in America and not accept him as your president. You are getting us mixed up with Russia. Gee I wonder why?????

#FOXStatePropaganda 
#TrumpSychophants
#TrumpLies
#FOXlies 
#WeResist 
#SaveDemocracyNow 
#LockThemAllUp


Laughable.


fox entertainment.
But what else would a fox lemming put his name to? And how many propagandists actually emailed the lies & innuendo back and forth until they had enough to call a book?
Good Lord. Yes, you are a sad chapter. Hopefully not the last though.
I would rather read a book of newspaper coupons! At least those are real! But keep trying!
Trump will have to wait for the audio version.
#LiarInChief
Stealing this! Thanks.
That’s what Twitter’s for!

I’d rather “read” the future in the entrails of a goat. Thanks anyways.

I would rather read through the new tax codes.
The entire government in power got there because of a rigged system. Following this logic, he thinks it’s OK to screw over a majority of Americans, but it’s completely unacceptable that he’s being held accountable for it? That’s broke fam. #noshade
LMAO!  You said brilliant, Fox News and Gregg Jarrett in the same sentence.  Your days are numbered.  Tick Tock.
OLD BOOK - A MUST READ! "The United States Constitution" by the brilliant Founding Fathers at the Philadelphia Convention. A blueprint for how America is supposed to work. You really, REALLY need to read this.
And guess what: it now comes as a comic book!
You can't read; how can you recommend a book?
He definitely hasn't read it himself but maybe @seanhannity reads a chapter to him when he tucks him in at night
When everyone's against you it's called PARANOIA and it's a mental disorder. If the system was rigged you wouldn't be president. DUH. No right minded person would be caught dead with such a stupid book.
I heard this one was pretty good also
Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House https://www.amazon.com/dp/1250158060/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_M2L6AbWBJEKV4 …
...you can read?
You mean this guy?? Bwahahahahahahahahahaha 
There’s a 0% chance you read even 3 pages......guaranteed .
I’ll wait for after your impeachment when it’ll be on the $3 clearance table.
For balance, i would recommend Isikoff, Russian Roulette and Frum, Trumpocracy, and, of course, Comey, A Higher Loyalty
You're hardly a man whose book recommendation(s) can be taken seriously Donny. Each time you tweet/open your mouth, it's as if you gorged yourself on Tristram Shandy &  Ulysses, then spit them out together. BeLIEVE me, it shows - BIGLY!!
Oh please there is no one brilliant on Fox.  Fox is made up lole WWE Wrestling.
More interested in Rudy saying you paid hush money days before the election
It’s a work of fiction. Much like your every word. I bet Mueller got a laugh out of it!! He should be sending you a subpoena any day now. Hang on to Emmet, cause Rudy should be served a subpoena too, & being a suspect, he’ll have to recuse. You’ll need Emmet for the impeachment
BACKED INTO A CORNER, THE JACKASS LASHES OUT
Then eats his young (hopefully)
Gonna suggest again that it might be illegal for the president (as it were) to attempt to destroy (see amazon, CNN) or alternatively promote private for profit stuff things.  It’s a gross misuse of the presidential platform.
Like this: § 2635.702 Use of public office for private gain. 
 Or this:
Endorsements. An employee shall not use or permit the use of his Government position or title or any authority associated with his public office to endorse any product, service or enterprise...
@MatthewXwehttaM
LOLOLOLOLOL!!! It get worse!?!? Lol... she must keep that tail hidden up her ass all day!!
Tucked in her va jay jay. Back to front. Makes for a difficult wipe after dropping a deuce.
She makes SARS Huckabee smith wipe it for her
Wipe the tail? 
I hate smelly tails. grooooossss
Unless she’s 9.3+\10.... then I’ll just hold my nose....
Does this book have pop ups?  Little figures for coloring with crayons?
Ass!
Breaking News: Trump showing early signs of dementia.
Brilliant and Faux News do not go together. It must be a pop up book to hold your attention.
This one right here, is a must read!
Cause Fox is so trustworthy, do you own them? And drop the Hillary talk, it’s getting old like you
You lost me at "brilliant Fox News..."
Brilliant and Fox News just don't belong in the same sentence!
#JustResignAlready
I Will Be Buying This Book Immediately Mr. President!
You took time out of your day to promote a product?  Seriously?  North Korea, China, Iran, Syria, US citizens in Puerto Rico still don’t have power, the list is so long, and you are promoting products.  Seriously?  Please put your phone down, and cancel your golfing.
I'm 101% sure that Trump has never finished a chapter of a book, let alone a book.
My God you are an embarrassment to this GREAT COUNTRY and to every man who has held that high office.
How would you know it’s a good book Donald? Did Sean Hannity read it aloud to you during your executive time?
Desperate
The haters will hate: but their parroting of programmed thoughts from CNN and Rachel Maddow become more bitter, even to their own mouths, everyday. America is becoming Great Again: and I know Sir, that there is so much greatness still to come! Keep going! The #MAGA  President!
Uh huh whatever... Bye Propecia!  #DumpTrump #impeach45 #TrumpRussia #spanky
This is the brilliant True News: The 459 People, Places and Things Donald Trump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List
I know Michael Caputo and he is a good man! Each time they try and destroy one of our guys? LETS SHOW EM WHAT WE ARE MADE OF. Come on guys we are half way there!
Thank you all for supporting former Trump advisor Caputo. Lets show Meuller he wont get away with this!! https://www.gofundme.com/michael-caputo-legal-fund?pc=tw_dn_cpgntopnavlarge_r&rcid=r01-152531598798-319408a620904022 …
Don't pretend you've read a book.
Actually You sir are a sad chapter in our current and for all time history.  You lie and lie and lie again, and now we know you paid off the PORN star you had unprotected sex with.  Wow.  And you are trying to change the subject.  It won’t work.
Trying to cover his ass I hope they all get knocked down
Have you read it? 
I liked the bit where you did a whoopsie on the carpet.

Even funnier is the idea that he could actually read a book and comprehend its meaning.
What a tiny sphere you inhabit. Fox, Fox and more Fox, Hillary did it, Obama too, no collusion. #sad
Spanky heartily recommends a book...which, of course, he has not read.
So, you think it's all a witch hunt?
A witch hunt?
“Brilliant” and “Fox News”.... two words you don’t often see in the same sentence.
Too bad liberals don't read.
Or reason, or comprehend!
You should start a band: 
#DonaldAndTheDipshits


Hahahaha. How would you know? Did someone read it to you?
You just make shit up! #HumpyTrumpy
Since when do you read? If you're endorsing it it must be a coloring book! #WhiteTrashTrump
You have no idea how panicked you sound, Mr. President. Your predecessor was so strong and confident compared to you.
FOX?  A whole lot of credibility there.
There is no one brilliant on Fox News, something you would know if you ever watched anything else
A Fox News guy wrote a book.  Wow...
He obviously only read the title! Duh
Just curious Comrade Trump did your handlers put it into the form of a Pop up book. Hopefully they put pages in for you to color in.
PERFECT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Fox news "expert" Oh Donald, it IS amusing watching u desperatly try to deflect. This projecting u do won't wk. Cheaters accuse others of cheating. Liars accuse others of lying. Insecure people need constant praise.  #MuellerIsComingForYou
Honestly it seems shady your trying to push a book about how your innocent of collusion. I've never seen anything like this in my life. When my kids are guilty of something, they over explain how they didn't do something and talk too much. May be better to stop drawing attention
You can find it in the fiction section!
NOPE!! 
That book is a joke
How about the tell-all book about Rudy’s payback to Cohen?
Follow me
VIOLATION: § 2635.702 Use of public office for private gain.
An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons.
A must read? Give me a break. The only thing I Must read is news of your impeachment and how you're losing your mind. How much did you pay the Dr. off to say that your McDonald's having fat ass is healthy? You are a heart attack just waiting to happen! Eat more McDonald's dumbo.
@realDonaldTrump Mueller's subpoena is illegal-ignore it! Joe diGenova on Mueller investigation: "There is no authority under federal law to issue a subpoena to a president of the United States to get testimony from him so it can be used at an impeachment proceeding." @POTUS 
You are a fucking moron.
Is there a big print edition?
@GreggJarrett is a good man.  I've said for months that he should be ON YOUR LEGAL TEAM!
If you like fiction...
Fake news... yawn. Got anything better than that? Oh yes, the REAL news Russian collusion. History will not be kind to you.
I've run out of words for Dumbfuck.
The book must be full of terrific illustrations if he read it.
Not a pop up book, that would just frighten him.
I’m dying laughing at all these limp wristed goofy rethisthers blue wave? yeah as in Bye felicia 
None of us believe that you read.

I think calling him brilliant is a bit much. And besides, no one's going to believe a word of it except your base — all 37% of them.
Gregg Jarrett is an old @msnbc retread. He’s a tool.
A sad chapter indeed when the @potus relies on entertainment news as his primary source of information.
@POTUS
When a person becomes aware of a treasonous act, their duty is to report it the President &/or a judge.

rosenstein redacts names of traitors.

he is guilty of misprision of treason, treason, & sedition.

De-classify & publish
e-mails
Arrest for misprision
Prosecute

RICO
A sad chapter for the country and the rule of law.
Hey did you hear Rudy on your BFF Hannity's show earlier tonight? EPIC!! I'm sure you'll be thrilled you brought him in as your newest lawyer - he's doing a great job so far 
Lier and don’t believe anything you say

Or not.
Your a hoax,your a tiny little man with a big ego. The only way you know a few words are because you repeat everything. How come you never grew up? Do you have mental problems? How many times does putin stroke your ego? How do you function on a small brain? How?
Trump cant read. Most Illiterate
person in Oval Office to date. 
Trumps comments have no weight, they simply fall flat on floor...like he could recommend a book to anyone? Please.
Nah I’ll go with this one from @tribelaw
@POTUS
How many int com are traitors ?

Criminal int coms use redactions to protect their criminal cronies, not our natl security.

Traitors don't care about our natl security.

int com drugs, disruption, & regime change kill innocents every day.

De-classify & publish all.

RICO
You’re going down. You’re going down. You’re going down.
You're a sad chapter in US history and the history of the US presidency.
A must read! You’re hilarious!
I think you Deep State Sabotage started long before the Russia Collusion story, Think back to the Iowa Republican Primary? Please Mr. President read and review my new book Fact or Fact News? Only you and the Deep State have the answers.
FIRE MUELLER ALREADY WE ARE SICK OF THIS NONSENSE
Poor Donald. Your entire world now revolves around #FauxSnooze
You read a book?  Must have had lots of pictures.
You should say Trump news . Fox is not a news  source but a pro TRUMPSKY SHITHOLE TV HORROR  TV
Lmfao no no nope! Hillary was investigated and testified under oath for hours an was cleared. You on the other hand are bat shit crazed and obstruct the investigation! If you were innocent you would cooperate,  sit down for the interview and clear your name! You are corrupt

99% of the time that an @FBI prosecutor asks you a question,he already knows what your answer will be.
Think about that while you're gulping down that bedtime cheeseburger,don't choke.(just kidding,go ahead)
LMAO......GOOD LUCK WITH  THAT....GREAT READ IN JAIL  FOR YA
Bull Shit Content. Nutbrain crap scribblings of a confused man.
How insecure is a person who has to qualify everybody with whom he agrees brilliant and those who don't - corrupt, cheaters, etc.
You are an idiot. You are framing yourself 100%!
Sorry Doturd, this is a much more significant book.

Fascism: A Warning by Madeleine K. Albright
It must be rigged! You won...

You're going to prison for being a Russian agent you traitorous orange faced shitgibbon
In response to you touting a book you probably have not read. Here is mine. Everyone go out and buy this book. A MUST READ!
