The World Respects the United State Once Again!!
The World is a more peaceful place with this man leading the United States of America!
Mike Pompeo was an excellent choice Mr. President!
This could not have happened under Obama.

A lot of people scoffed at @realDonaldTrump when he did this interview in 1999 about what he would do about North Korea.…
Get back under your rock.
By pressuring China, President Trump negotiated peace in the Korean peninsula for generations to come... HUGE!
President Trump should be awarded the Nobel Peace Price...
You aren't going to like prison sex.
Actually, I think he will enjoy it bigly.
The way he couldn't keep his hands off Macron... maybe you're right.
He's moved on, Tom!
Dumped by Macron KKKanye made Duhonye his own!

#TwoPeasInAFraud
It’s true. Trump could cure cancer and you people would still be complaining.
I don't support a traitorous rapist & child sex predator.
Dear lord. You are unhinged.
Xi realized that he had to get along with Trump or Trump was going to screw China on trade & devaluation!
You are aware that Trump is a joke in China? They see him as a gullible idiot that is manipulated by simple flattery. I work in China. Mention Trumps name and derisive laughter follows.
God! Some Americans actually think China is afraid! If you have really lived in China, you should understand that although China is a developing country, the sense of independence is very strong. China may negotiate, but never be afraid.
Exactly. There is a confidence and competence in China that the West is oblivious of.... China is the best governed country on the planet. Their vision and willingness to challenge norms sees Chinese innovation leaving the USA way behind. Learn Mandarin.
Don't forget South Korea's liberal president, I mean the peace treaty is with South Korea, not China, not US. Before that South Korea had a nut job Rightwing president, nothing happened just threats, now they have a Liberal and BOOM! Peace.
Please do not forget that we need a stable national security team and actual diplomats in the state department.  Thanks
Exactly
The undeserving workers of the USA give thanks to our GLORIOUS LEADER for his wisdom, grace and beauty and for freeing us from the tyranny of freedom and democracy. All hail CHAIRMAN TRUMP, Pasha of Prevarication, most Blessed of Bombast and most High of Hyperbole.

#MAGA for all
I love trump!! This is a true president!!

习大大！
Most Americans can't stand you. Get out of the White House before you are forced to RESIGN!
Please also do not forget the little help that Donald Trump is giving American minorities since he's been elected. He's literally destroying American lives through his hateful rhetoric and racism!
@realdonaldtrump Just look at the rise of racism and hatred since Donald Trump's election. 2020 will be the year that the American people take back their country!
My sweet deceased Dad fought in the Korean War. I'm literally in Tears over your Amazing Efforts in this..no matter how it turns out...You're THE GREATEST PRESIDENT OF MY LIFE TIME. You Love America & it's Evident in EVERYTHING that you Do. Thank you.
Please allow this lady to allow me to pay the highest salute to your late father.
Thank you !
I can't speak English and use Google Translate. I am a male. Thank you for your attention.
So Sorry. I called you a woman. However, the heart is always the same.
It does not matter, I know. Thank you for your enthusiasm and friendliness.



Im glad hes unhinged.
The unhinged are all in his corner. Like attracts like.
If you keep doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.... We stopped that shit after 8 years of fraud
Lol. Too much kool aid.
Lets be real here. Wtf does that actually mean? Like what did the big red guy ever do to get such a bad wrap. Im 46 years old and yes #idrinkkoolade
Like attracts like.
Oh hun i know im unhinged. After 8 years of paying half off my income to an asshole who gave it away to lazy people, yep im totally unhinged. But since yall think thats ok, id like it back since im disabled now. You're paying my rent now right?
Yeah... that'll do it! 
Pure alpha! 
Sure you would.. your not even brave enough to show yourself online... I'm sure you'd step right up! 
Uh huh
Keep up the good work
2 faced trump

You're not there. You're not doing anything. Don't whine if Kim and Moon get the Nobel Peace Prize and you don't. You didn't get an Emmy either. #TweetLessSmileMore

For?
Treason, money laundering, tax evasion, obstruction of justice, hate speech, election tampering, emoluments, taking and paying bribes, fraud... .. ...
Want more?
Hey Beo! What category do you fall under?
日米中友好。

これが最も望ましいと思います。
各国立場は違っても、できる限り尊重できるよう努力する。

大統領の姿勢は、いつか世界に平和をもたらすと思います。
大枠で賛成、日米中＋露の友好。
各国のトップは国益に応じて連携してほしい。
あとは、大企業と同じで営業部(外交)、技術部(製造)、総務事務(国民)は、各々国益(社益)を前提に活動。
#日台友好支持 #台湾正名支持 です。誤解ないように
台湾正名就没有日中友好，二者不可兼得
そんなことないよ。
元々台湾は、日本の植民地だったの。
それでも、日中友好は可能だよ
你这话没有逻辑。正因为台湾曾经是日本的殖民地，所以台湾才是中日关系之间的芥蒂，所以中日友好和所谓台湾“正名”才不可兼得。
日台友好も台湾正名も
日米中＋露の友好も、私の考える友好なんですよ
国の考え方、対応とは別に個人の考え方があってもいいでしょう？
当然，每个人的理想都是世界和平，共同繁荣。但理想终归是理想，利益才是政治家们考虑的，要不然也不会有世界大战了。台湾就是中国的核心利益。
凄く翻訳しやすい言葉でありがとう。私は政治家ではありませんので、個人の考えで発言します。
台湾→日本の植民地台湾→中国、共産党vs国民党→国民党台湾→現在
私は、台湾国民が台湾正名を望むなら応援したいのです。
NOTHING has been accomplished except a meeting that is everything Kim Jong Un needs for all his propaganda needs at home. All you all did was give him EVERYTHING he wanted.
I can't wait to see what you turn around and call Xi once this all crumbles down around you.
They all know that you have ZERO knowledge and they're all playing you for the world class FOOL that you are.
Stop embarrassing yourself, dotard.
On the second though, no, by all means, do continue.
you may be cheated by them again
习近平是一个不折不扣的独裁者、暴君！打倒共产党！打倒习近平！
你个煞笔，丢人丢到墙外来了，别他妈用中文！打倒让你美国爸爸统治啊？
五毛死全家
“I give President Trump huge credit for bringing about the inter-Korean talks, and I’d like to thank him for that,” - President Moon Jae-In of South Korea.
Great point- make sure you mention that during your Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech.
Hey Donnie maybe you can share a cell with Mr. Pudding pops
It’s a man’s skill and patience as a lover, not the size of his penis that is responsible for giving his partner sexual satisfaction.....
Get some more motivation about your short penis 
Don't you have meetings to prepare for?

Meanwhile...in reality
Can you show any of this occurring other than from your staged Charlottesville?? Didn't think so 
Try Starbucks last week
Dumb asf
We know you are but thanks for clarifying
Only a Liberal would compare the two 
If you don’t see the comparison, we still understand. Thanks again.
Thanks for the cheap shoes made for pennies on the dollar.
Hold Kim Jong Un responsible for his crimes against humanity. Hold him responsible for American deaths #ottowarmbier

Our great President, winner of the Nobel Peace Prize.
More like biggest joke ever ptize
Please don't hate, let's all love together.
@ColumbiaBugle
 @realDonaldTrump 
This could not have happened under Obama.
You did a great job
@PMOIndia @MEAIndia 
Did you ask your goid friend why there is poison in children's toothpaste from China?
Mr. President , Look at this pictures Please !
The Korea war started in 1950, 68 years ago and numerous presidents later, President Trump reverses President Obama's timid policies and in about 16 months President Trump ends the Korean war. What an amazing leader our president!
president obama enforced sanctions against russia, trump is to much of a coward to, and no dortard donny has not ended the korean war, only north and south korea can do that, dumpster donnie can pull american troops out, but that is it,
President Obama signed the Russia reset that left Europe defenseless.
Obama watched the birth of ISIS and then sat back and watch them grow and grow.
president obama was a senator when isis came into being, bush was president.
And you don't think this has anything to do with those I'll-planned tariffs, and that Kim will actually keep his word? You may call this a peace treaty, I would call it buying some time on NK's part
https://shop.skyou.com/collections/new-jazz-age-clothing …
Ugh I'd rather go Naked.



Good friend? You mean the president of the country that you’re starting a trade war with?
1)he's not ur *friend*. As most world leaders do, he uses u when useful. He's the new leader of that part of the world b/c we pulled out of TPP. His sanctions brought NKorea to the table.
2)SKorea knew they had to initiate talks w/NKorea to preempt any aggressive attempt from u
Good tweet.
I was thinking it must not be Trump, but then I saw the capital B in border and I'm impressed by his cohesive and diplomatic tweet.
Really? You're impressed by that? Pretty low bar there, son.
Trump set the bar, not me. I'm also impressed when my 9 m/o crawls to her toys and then sits up straight.
We're talking about the bar you set for trump not your infant daughter.
Actually, we're talking about being impressed by exceeding expectations commensurate to the ability of the performer. I expect little from him, so little presidential acts are impressive for him, though they would not be for prior presidents. The comment is condescending.
We are so grateful to have you as president  #MAGA #TrumpEffect #gettingthingsdone
be nice if we had a president,
lets now  talk about Kashmir freedom from India that will bring more peace in Asia  @realDonalTrunp
#Kashmir A soldier of occupation #IndianArmy (BSF) on left,looking his family's pic
AND yesterday a students joined rebels leaving his family.
Who is responsible for the brutal act of BSF abducting ,killing students & students joining freedom struggle?
To stop this #FreeKashmir
#JamesShawJr true HERO 
Thank you President Xi of China this would not have occurred without your support!! 
BEING MEN OF THERE WORD. NICE JOB MR TRUMP

Thank you @POTUS 
#MAGA
How come he’s not a great friend. That’s right, he can’t stand you lol  #ShitHolepootus
Don't worry. When it comes to China, I always #KeepTheCopy #Slepnev #Chayanov #Prince #Galygin

cc @hostkey @freebrie @putinRF

@911CORLEBRA777 @mopeng @gchq @nsagov @fbiwfo @comey
China and US should work together for a peace and prosperous future
This was a great moment for the world. #PeaceAndProsperity
we already did that, in 1969.
You have handled N Korea issue well. You are a v different President compared to others of US history. People need to understand that.
Dear Donald,
Please stop telling people we’re friends.              Signed, Xi.
The thanks go to North and South Korea for working out their differences .  Nothing to do with you and your threats of war and name calling!
For once I agree with you. China had to clean up your mess while You tweeted antagonizing nicknames with a nuclear capable country while golfing, threaten w/fire and fury and have a pissing contest about who had the biggest button.
please sign a Petition and help to become back the polisch wreck from Russia. Sign a Petition!  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …

You keep acting as if the Korean problem has been solved... Hey stupid, nothing has happened.

Thank you President XI 
@XHNews
You lazy lardbut.
You haven't done squat. Stop taking credit.
President for lifetime! POTUS!


He would be the reason for any change, not you, Donnie two scoops.

尊敬的總統先生，千萬不要相信習近平。
商人当然谁撒币信谁了，不过他不傻，也只是表面信，暗地里肯定会堤防的。
只是個善意的提醒。
嗯~
I don’t recall you being invited when Xi met with Kim to encourage him to speak with Moon.
Yes, I agree with President Trump’s comments. Thank you to President Xi of China. Let us MAKE THE WORLD  PEACE AGAIN.
https://twitter.com/safeagain1/status/990252856912568320 … sick government - sick policies - the history books won't be kind to this family and this @GOP government  @speakerRyan @marcorubio @lindseygrahamsc @senateMajldr @bensasse @jeffflake @senjoniernst @senatorcollins @lisamurkowski @senjohnkennedy
No one is safe.  This administration with Thomas Homan at the helm is ripping families apart - terrorizing immigrants separating children from their parents. art. >>http://time.com/longform/donald-trump-immigration-policy-splitting-families/ … #Resist …
Donald, what about Stevie Gerrard maybe coming to the bears but?
They succeeded by holding hands.
South Korea credits Trump for opening door to talks with North
#PeaceThroughStrength
Dear Mr. President Donald Trump thank you for making  peace in the world and please do not believe what #zarif said about Iran coz #ZarifIsALair ,his supporting the Islamic Republic of Terrorist,please destroy them 
#SaveSalas
#IranProtests 
#POTUSmeetPAHLAVI 
#RezaPahlavi2Iran
The President of the United States should not say "Thank you Xi Jinping." It is North Korea's nuclear test that incited North Korea. It is known to all that it is the Chinese Communist Party that helped North Korea develop nuclear weapons.
"Great help" -- as in the business loans China has made to you and Kushner??? 
#THEGREATAWAKENING #DrainTheSwamp #GoodTRUMPsEvil #ReleaseTheTexts #FakeNews #QAnon @POTUS 
#InternetBillOfRights #TarmacMeeting #TheCalmBeforeTheStorm #WWG1WGA #ClintonCrimeFamily #ObamaGate #NFLDraft  #PedoGate #ReleaseTheTape #LockThemAllUp #RedWaveRising2018 #LiberalHypocrisy
There was no process for you. Someone else did the work. Much like with everything else in your life. Go have a cheeseburger, some nuggets, a few containers of fries, a pie, some pizza, a coke, some coke, some more coke, a Percocet, some fucking BBQ sauce and get back to bed.
Things are starting to look brighter. Great job Mr. President, you brought them to the table, it’s up to Kim Jung Un, will he see the brighter side of things, let’s hope so. #NorthKorea
Praise be to God! Peace through strength! 
Your good friend?  OMG you get funnier with every tweet.  You did nothing to help what is happening between North and South Korea.  N O T H I N G
 All this fakery so U can get a noble peace prize nomination! You R just tragic! Now U can go build Trump tower in NK
It's strange how your good friends tend to be enemies of the United States.
I am Chinese, but I love americans too!It's good to be in peace.
You have zero good friends.  Period.
I have a feeling President Xi had more to do with current events than 45 does. Just a gut feeling.
When have we ever seen 45 share the spotlight?
President Trump has had The most scrutinized, personalized attack on a leader in our country we’ve ever seen; but he has persevered and produced amazing results, creating prosperity and world peace while rebuilding nationalism and pride in our country. God bless him!
“WAH! WAH!
I wanted to take credit for all of the North Korean crap I had nothing to do with but I have to share the spotlight with Xi and the Moon!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
I’m gonna throw such a hissy fit!
I don’t even know what I’m doing!”
- #crybabyTrump
Without your leadership, it would never have happened. So proud of our President. We have a hope for future generations of Americans and the world to be without the unstable threat of North Korea. However much some people dislike President Trumps personality, he made this happen
President Trump, you deserve the PEACE PRIZE for this!!!
You are now in this street!!( ´ω`)
What about Russia at the end of World War two....
Please Mr President Donald J Trump Of US,  tell us about Russia in the End of World War two, many in Sweden tell that Russia pushed back Germanys Nazies And saved Europa (nazies = Germanies in 1930)...,
If your offered Noble Peace Prize...be sure to share it Xi! Send him the medal as a token of appreciation! 
America First
Hes your friend?  You just hit his country with a trade war.  Nutjob
Hehehe. I wonder what’s the new development on that story. My parents taught me that there’s always a story behind what’s being shown in public. Last year I told my sis we are/will be doing business w/North Korea. Look what’s come out now in public. Things that make you go hmm
President Donald J Trump should be awarded The Nobel Peace Prize for helping to do what no other President was able to do. He set the stage for peace with the North and South  Korea.
President is the great deal maker. President Trump deserves the RESPECT OF EVERY AMERICAN AND DEMOCRATS NEED TO WAKE UP AND SUPPORT THIS PRESIDENT AND STAND UP FOR AMERICA AND START DOING THE GOOD THINGS FOR ALL. GOD BLESS AMERICA
Mr. President simply the greatest foreign accomplment since the fall of the Berlin wall and fall of Russia.  Thank you thank you thank you thank you.  And thank you God.   Please be  with this president.  Out of sheer will this president is pulling the whole establishment.
No other explanation other than devine Providence.  Not saying he's perfect just the instrument of god's sovereign will. And by the way he who is without sin cast the first stone.
In less than 1 yr & 1/2 Mr Trump has already accomplished more for the American ppl, N Korean ppl, and the Saudi ppl than All presidents combined since JFK. It's clear Dem's are desperate to keep the war machine rolling,& Prosperity for US Citizens are of no concern to these ppl
Wait.. Weren't they "raping america" before you got elected?
North and South Korea..
brothers separated in another man's war. What a wonderful day for Koreans, the world shares the greatest hopes for peace. I will pause here and hope for a new future for the US & Russia too. Your turn gentlemen.
You do not have one single good friend unless you bought them.


Hey #Spanky
Do you realize he is the President of the People's Republic of China, a country you have constantly criticized for their policies? (In other words Xi Jinping's policies).
#SchizophrenicSpanky
 @Lawrence @TrueFactsStated
Whilst taking credit for golfing. It’s been Putin’s plan;North Korea sanctions using China,nuclear full stop,all premeditated to support kim to extent his dictatorship eventually controlling the south so Russia has greater control with Kim in the region using south’s resources
Somehow, I doubt Xi is saying to his friends that you're his 'good friend'.  You're so easily duped.  All they have to do is flatter your orange, huge self and you slobber all over them.  Just sad.
Great day for the president and the USA. Noko and South Korea meeting and beginning peace talks and denuclearization&Trump cleared by congress of all Russian collusion charges. I’m getting tired of all the winning... #maga
I feel like there’s a theme here. My good friend Putin, my good friend Xi, my good friend Erdogan. Hmm Can’t seem to put my finger on it.
Killings everyday in Benue,plateau,Taraba,Adamawa states and others states
They're all playing you for the fool you are. Orchestrated by your puppet master Putin and for some reason everyone except you knows this.


I’d NO DOUBT fr.dayOne MrTRUMP would bPRES & oneOf BEST inHistory…already THERE..noDOUBT collusion w/ #Russia #China & OTHERS since Kennedys Strengthened byClintons & Obama ILLEGAL business UNDER Table would b over w/”Mr T”..noDoubt #NKorea…
Great MrPresident!
Also, Please DON'T FORGET #EFFECTIVE #SOCIALMEDIA EFFORTS BY #Dr #SWAAMEE @Aprtemaanandaa #JEE #ALLINDIAINSAANEYATPARTY THAT STEERED DEAR #KIMJONGUN TO #PEACEFORWARD TO #PEACEFULLY RESOLVE #NORTHKOREA #NUCLEARCRISIS! #Peace https://insaaneyatparty.blogspot.com/2018/04/the-effective-social-media-efforts-made.html … @FoxNews @Fox35News @PressSec
The process isn't over.  In fact, it has hardly begun.  You are counting chickens but all you have is the promise of eggs.
Move in with him.
And your collusion with our enemies continues. Pussy.
おー！仮定法過去完了形のきれいな例文だなあ。
China trade imbalance has skyrocketed since Chump became Potus. Funny how no one is paying attention!
Mr. Trump,  I am an chinese US citizen. I assure that you make a terrible mistake.  Xi and Kim both see you the number 1 enemy and you do not know the tricks of eastern Asian. Actually Xi's government has already incited a huge wave of hating you and USA among Chinese .
longer and tougher process******
Such a shame when the leader of the United States can’t even write a tweet with correct grammar
Or even “longer, tougher process” but you definitely don’t need a comma before the noun...
nobody you insult is your friend.  quit being so stupid
If the United States really wants peace on the peninsula, it should withdraw its military presence in South Korea.
Please! The minute you said you would meet w/him, you gave him legitimacy to his people and his mission! Now, he is quickly having summits with everyone BUT YOU,& acquiring everything he wants,in turn leaving the US on the outside unable to negotiate from a position of power!
#MAGA 
Thank you @POTUS
President Xi is your counterpart. He is an equal to you in the eyes of his country. To classify one as a friend would require a long trusting relationship and should not be used loosely. In a perfect world all leaders should be able to work together for  a common cause!


You mean thanks all to him.  You did nothing but call people stupid names ya baby.
More bullshit. Xi  is not your friend, fucking #DotardDonnie. He is an adversary to everything that we are you #FuckingMoron. Stop giving praise to world despots that seek to end our nation and our world standing.
#TABA
#BlueTsunami2018
#TrumpColluded
#MuellerTime
#LockHimUp

Ok I will give him credit for helping just for you Mr President! However, the Chinese can never be trusted I have have had too much experience with them! They are not our friends!!
Your "good friend?"
really
Yes, but you were the architect!!!!  Xi wouldn't have done anything if Crooked Hillary had become president!!!!
Donald? You do realize this “process” basically has yet to begin? This is a first baby step in a marathon. Save the gloating until an agreement has actually been signed by all.

Newspaper in Virginia runs full KKK recruitment flyer on front #deplorable #MAGA #GOP #POTUS #FOX #VP #Deplorables https://www.theroot.com/virginia-newspaper-runs-kkk-flyer-on-its-front-page-ang-1825621912/amp …
Without Xi’s help, NK was unable to launch any nuclear test. Can’t believe president of US is proud to be a good friend of a disgraceful brutal dictator.
I thought you campaigned on hating China (with a G)
I credit him far more than you.  What did you do except send angry tweets to “Rocket Man” from your toilet at 4am? #DPRK
Thank you, Mr. President for your strength & leadership. Thank you for putting Americans first while also caring about innocent people around the world. You have saved & changed lives for the better.

Thank you to NK, SK & China for doing the right thing. Peace is beautiful.
So, what about Puerto Rico? What have you done (other than bring paper towels) to help them.
Nobody believes you!

Didn’t your mother ever tell you about the Boy Who Cried Wolf? If not, ask @FLOTUS
Here's your chance to get your 2020 Trump rally apparel delivered to your home now. #KAG #MATA Best designs lowest prices always.   Printing and shipping begins every 3 days. 100% secure ordering. 100% money back guarantee. Only available on Teespring!!


Oh there is Fox and Friends if you forget your meds again.
Your Good friend? The dictator? C’mon...
Certain individuals only respect intelligent, strong and determined individuals, the beauty is that you have all those characteristics and more, thank you for promoting peace through strength.
Probably would have been a total failure. Nice of you to thank him. Better nominee for Nobel.
that is a great job ... giving credit to others and not just saying me me me me me me me me me
Many thanks to the president of China 
Mr. Trump, did you publish your twitter?
特朗普先生，您的推特是您自己发表的吗？
This shit is so funny to watch. All you need to do is post .... And their heads explode. Its awesome
The harder you drain out the money from CCP, the easier for you to beat up those little devils.  If you overthrow CCP, there is no dictator in this world.

Coral, one of the top British bookmakers, has Kim Jong Un as favorites — at 2/1 odds — to win the Nobel Peace Prize this year. If peace agreement go forward. Trump not considered
Please do not forget the help that my good friend, and President of America, vladimir putin has given to me, particularly in the election. Without him i would not be in the White House and destroying America. Impeachment should not be a long, tough, process!
Brits are already defending President Trump against the nastiness of Sadiq Khan  - and he's not even in the UK yet!
And without you in the White House, more people would sleep good at night, blood pressures would be normal, the world we be safer and News Reporters would be bored. Oh the days when life was normal.

Nobel da paz for Donald Trump

But last weak you were talking about a trade war with your good friend? I will be very glad when your term is finished. I am so tired of the cancer you have become on our Nation.
Traitor
I love how Trump supporters love to put the cart before the horse. The Korea deal won’t be figured out for me months. Yet the are giving him all the credit.
What's your point, Trump? NK still has nuclear weapons. And you have two options: to smile and be silent or to oppose the deal between China, SK and NK. I call this checkmate.
You have no friends
망치부인 워싱턴 영어연설문
 http://live.afreecatv.com:8079/app/index.cgi?szBoard=read_bbs&szBjId=gtv7&nStationNo=769025&nBbsNo=0&nTitleNo=30930541 …
Salute
We must also not forget the great help Obama has given to the United States. He was amazing!
All is going well. Well done. And yes, thank you China for your help. There are young people in North Korea that need to see how life can change if they could learn from South Korea. Unification of families would be good to see. Patience, give peace a chance.
Xi played you just like Macron did. Flattery will get people everywhere with you and you are witnessing the de facto annexation of the Korean peninsula by China. By the way, that's what the Korean War was about. Idiot
Trump ended the Korean War...
#MAGA 
やっぱり‥！
南北和解・朝鮮半島・非核化計画は
中国・習近平の考えだったのか！
習近平と文韓国大統領が、
金正恩やトランプが乗れる方策を練ったのだろう。
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!
You’re a fool if you think Xi is your friend.
Thank you both! Way to go President Xi, we are so very thankful!
You have no good friends. Ask Michael Cohen.
#MuellerIsComingForYou #TrumpRussia #TrumpTraitor #LiarinChief #TrumpCrimeFamily #ResignNow
Trump trying to get Melania to hold his hand https://instagram.com/p/BiAL0zuhIok/ 
Thank you President Xi.
Bravo @Potus!!! God Bless & #MAGA!!
I'm working to #CleanHouseCanada2019
ALL 338 #MP's MUST go to Save Canada's Sovereignty, Security, Citizens, Stability & Success along with our highly valued trading partner & dearly loved neighbour #America!
@GodivaRides for #ThePeople #Canada
CHINESE Fuck
