This is Trump hedging. He knows the NK leader is savvy - unlike himself. By saying ‘things may work out, maybe not’ he is preparing for failure & the ability to say, I told you so. The gall to say he is “working”. The only thing he works on is his golf game - every weekend.
My prayer if for all of those who are blinded with hate and rage against you and our country. So many sit here bashing you and your supporters, who care so much. Let God open their minds & hearts with love, not hate. We’re all in this together, God Bless! #SundayMorning
And Frank, I pray for YOU as well if you think the epitome of caring is Trump. I love my country so much, and that is why I will forever speak out against him. He represents the worst of America, & those who buy into fear  & a "me first" mentality. That's not a leader  #NoThanks
I’ll take all the prayers I can get. Have a great day!
You too! Thanks!
My favourite. And when you busted in on semi naked teenage girls.
It’s a damn shame that Kim Jong Un is more willing to cut a deal than Nancy Pelosi or Chuck Schumer.
You’re just mad because Melania likes Obama more than she likes you.
He's mad alright.  A fucking delusional madman for sure!
They scheduled covert Seal training near Mar-A-Lago today. The winning team gets amnesty.
It is now more clear than ever that you plan to burn the whole thing down on your way out. 

You’re not a counter-puncher. You’re an arsonist with the temperament of a poorly raised, maladjusted 10 year old.
Said the Pajama Boy.  lol
Shouldn't you be in church?
YOU know it’s all a lie! All he wants is Free money! Free Aid! Just like our government has been doing for years! His dad taught him, scare the world and they will give you any thing you want My Son! His dad also taught him that world does not want another world war! He knows.
Oh, you're resigning? Great! Past time you got out.
Leave our president alone. He's the best one we've had in many years. And he's doing a fabulous job. Why don't you resign with your tacky tasteles remarks about  everyone????


Time will tell for you to be out of office
Mr. President, it isn’t about you, it is about your team. The world will judge you & your team on the outcome. We all hope it is successful.
There’ll be no world if DemoncRats get away with their unprecedented horrific crimes against our nation.
Not sure what you are referring to, but name calling is unnecessary.


He offered the same deal to Prez O and then changed.
The only work you do is on the Golf Course!
天佑美国天佑川普总统天佑文贵
(Obama wears tan suit & gives iPod to Queen of England)

GOP: WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THE DIGNITY OF THE PRESIDENCY?

(Trump flails like a toddler, calls people childish names, & blames others for everything he’s ever done)

GOP: NOW AMERICA IS GREAT AGAIN
Cherry picked beyond belief
How about celebrate Earth Day and #FirePruitt #FirePruitt
The Earth, the USA and the world will be glad you did!
#FirePruitt
MORON IN CHIEF
#MuellerIsComingForYou #TrumpRussia #trumptraitor #liarinchief #TrumpCrimeFamily #resignNOW
Russian prostitutes will save the world according to Dotard Don and his boss Putin
. Thank you POTUS
OH! Stop it! Anyone with a brain knows negotiating a contract with Trump is asking to get screwed! As well as that before @POTUS has to negotiate with the World watching he'll bolt for Mar-a-Lago claiming a bone spur or some BS reason.
Yes
Be a good example , denuclearise first and the world may follow suit
You mean the work Pompeo has been doing?
How do you expect anything you say to be taken seriously when you engage in petty public feuds through Twitter and constantly lie and make unhinged statements? You’re a disgrace to this country and a stain on its history.


Watch out sir, there are sayings that “ you keep your friends close and enemies closer” but we can remove the shadow of doubt if they really comply 100%
Nuclear weapons are still the trump card of every country which is a very sad scenario, of course there are plans on the table but will be benefited long term? Or shorter?
You have no cajones
Some guys have it, some never will.
This is disgusting. I am sure Trump will have a good "talking" to her when she gets home.

Someone please tell Trump that the Clinton administration set up a nuclear deal with North Korea on October 21, 1994, monitored by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The deal remained in place until the Bush administration came in office in 2001 and began to scuttle it. …
Mr. President, I'm not convinced he owns a honest heart for denuclearization. Please test him by demanding he rid his nation of concentration camps.  If he declines, he remains a tyrant through and through.
#POTUS  #MAGA  
If I had to bet I would say you can’t pass an 5th grade History test! #Impeach
Thank you
KJU's signature would spell the end of overrated Blue Wave and the beginning Red Storm. If there's a NoKor deal and trade parity with China, quite possibly we'll have the longest bull market in history. Some even predict a possible Nobel for Trump. Whew!
Can you get a Novel Peace prize after you threatened to nuke a country?
*Nobel   The orange Cheeto.
No, he was not threatening. he is making a promise, a guarantee of bleak outcome for NoKor should KJU crossed him. Nothing's wrong with that.  It wasn't like Obama's red line but good enough.
If you think KJU is really going to give up his weapons you are delusional but, if it does happen, it is because Moon and KJU brokered a deal, very possibly facilitated by Xi. Trump is irrelevant.
Please be quiet!
Just stop tweeting! Can we have a break from tomfoolery on Sundays?
He is the best potus we have ever had.  Obama was the devil
Yet Melania looks more comfortable and at ease with Obama than her cheating liar of a husband.
And what are the Clintons??
FFS! This isn't about the Clintons you retarded fuckwad! This is trump. It's all about trump and his criminality. Get over Hilary, she is not the president!
Can you name any crimes Trump has been accused of? I’ll wait.
It was.  President Clinton had a treaty in place preventing North Korea from making nukes that was monitored by the Atomic Energy Commission.  It got dismantled by President Bush.  If you check the White House records you can probably find it to use as a guide.
The work YOU are doing?
Didn't you send Mike Pompeo over there?

As far as NK stopping testing and closing a site...well, it's easy to do when it's been unusable since September due to some sort of mountain collapse.
It was done. You stand on the backs of great men, great Americans, who did all the work you crow about. 
That's what small men do.
You have more faith in NK who has proven to be liars with their fake nuclear deals than you do with Iran who has complied with their current nuclear deal going on 5 years now.
The war is being planned by Bolton and Pompeo with full GOP support.
Sound familiar? Deja Vous?
End irrational, greed-based violence.
VOTE BLUE.
And it was done in the Clinton Administration.  Then a long comes a Repub pres, 43, Bush jr and they disassembled the program. What is it with you & repubs? Revisionists?
Shut the hell up
It's so sad that there is so much dissension in the government right now. If everybody would work together for the benefit of our country and its peoples I believe we could move mountains.
Clinton Administration 1994

Korea and Putin are playing Trump and he doesn't even know it.
Almost.  Xi is playing Kim and Putin.  All three are playing Trump.
You are an embarrassment.#resign.
Time will tell when you’re removed from office. I’ve met great leaders during my time in the Army and you don’t even come close to being one. Every past US president was the leader of the free world, we aren’t there anymore. #ResignNow
The Clinton administration set up a nuclear deal w/ North Korea on Oct 21, 1994, monitored by the International Atomic Energy Agency, & the deal stood, till the Bush admin began to scuttle it in 2001, dumbass! Nice try!
You're being played by China and NK!
Conclusion of your presidency is on its way. Maybe you’re going last till Dec maybe Aug? Either way the work you’ve done to destory OUR democracy with your hateful racism & stupidity wont have to be tolerated. Impeachment should have happened long ago! #ResignNow
No one else poked the bear, they were smarter than that! You awoken it, you Deal with it!!!
 yeah diplomacy with North Korea is all because of you. I’m sure their leader appreciates how you’ve elevated him while we can’t even get our tortured captives back. Yeah you’re rolling dude.
Thank God somebody with some sense. Yes he's done actually The Impossible just even getting him to talks is Task all on its own. What kinds of it we don't know because he is a nut but all we can do is pray and hope for the best.
You're wrong. The Clinton Administration has a nuclear deal in place then came along the Bush Administration and sculled deal. So 45 isn't the 1st.
Threatening to nuke them on Twitter? Not sure how that was important work.
He will be the first US President in 60 years to meet face to face with a N.K. leader, these people only know one thing, tough action and words. The 45th has got N.K. by the throat through sanctions, which are being enforced by China and most of the world. Obama did what? #AusPol
Let’s just wait and see, a meeting doesn’t mean anything. He’s also the first president to threaten a country with nuclear war on a social media network. Let’s just wait and see, I’m good with that.
Agree, let's wait and see. "first president to threaten a country with nuclear war on a social media network"? Mate, N.K. were literally flying I.C.B.M.'s over Japan only a few months ago. Again,tough talk and actions have brought us the closest to a peace agreement in 60 years.
But I understand you believe the things he tells you social media and if you take those things at face value they seem awesome, I’ll even admit to that. I’ve done a lot of research however and he’s not a genuine person and never has been. I look at trending data first to confirm.
Good to talk to you, but don't think you're the only one who looks at both sides of a situation and then come to your own conclusion. It'll be interesting days ahead, peace.
I was actually expecting this response from you based on how you worded things. You’re obviously not able to see both sides and obviously did vote for Trump. I didn’t vote for Trump or Hillary. You’re not capable of a non-biased discussion. Peace, I hope.
Pathetic sad little boy always needing attention
Pppolk
“We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea” these are the first truthful words I think you have spoken during your time in office.

Absolutely chief
The work you are doing now should put you and yours behind bars...for life
Shut up! Gag! You're such an idiotic hypocritical trader. Why are you making it sound as if no other POTUS has lifted a finger re N. Korea?! Oh, I know... because u are as manipulative as the  devil himself! #Forbes 400  #LieLiarLie
Bahaha! You haven't done anything different than your predecessors! Sanctions is all you've done...the same as everyone else. South Korea has done all the work. Don't pat yourself too hard on the back when you don't deserve it!

Thanks again 4 coming 2 the rescue of US! U could have privacy, play golf & enjoy your golden yrs, but instead Super Man Trump 2 the rescue. U R an inspiration & a Godsend fighting the forces of evil. God Bless U & yours as hes blessed US w/ U!
Sure you don't mean collusion?
Bring back all of his missles when you go to Pyonyang, or don't come back at all.  Your already the Manchurian candidate "President", you Russian pawn, you.
It was.  Pres. Clinton did and had nuke agreement with NK from 1994 until 2001 when Bush scuttled it.  SAD
You're doing so much work you've tweeted 8 times today!
another self-aggrandizing vocal fart from orangeface mccheeto
Maybe you have no idea what's going on...
"You" and "work" is an oxymoron just being in the same sentence together.
take your savior complex and  go see a therapist
The only work your doing is killing people
FFD the Clinton admin set up a nuclear deal with NK  in 1994 that was monitored by the IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency.)That deal was in place until George W took office & screwed  the whole thing up. You should try reading
It was.
I don't think deciding which putter to use is classified as work.
U need to learn ur history!!! The Clinton administration set up a nuclear deal with North Korea on October 21, 1994, monitored by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The deal remained in place until the Bush administration came in office in 2001 and began to scuttle it.
Wait, I haven't heard your name used by North or South Korea as being involved or a catalyst to their relationship. Did I miss something?

Someone please tell Trump that the Clinton administration set up a nuclear deal with North Korea on October 21, 1994, monitored by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The deal remained in place until the Bush administration came in office in 2001 and began to scuttle it. …
It was done a long time ago, old man. Do some reading for a change.  The Clinton administration set up a nuclear deal with North Korea on October 21, 1994, monitored by the International Atomic Energy Agency.

You call golfing “work”?
Such a sad old egotist. You've never quite got to grips with that whole 'being a human being' thing, have you.
Thank You President Trump for Making America Great Again. You are
keeping your Promises and doing a Fantastic Job. I am with you %.
Uh...Trump 
...the Clinton administration set up a nuclear deal with North Korea on October 21, 1994, monitored by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The deal remained in place until the Bush administration came in office in 2001 and began to scuttle it.
Exactly President Trump!
God bless and guide you President Trump 
WE can be very patient on that. Don't worry. You've done more on that than any president.
You aren’t doing anything other than being played for the fool you are.

Hands are too big. Do they swell when you're on-doggie?
They’re closest to the camera, so they appear bigger. 
#WeThePeople are so grateful
Where is nobel peace prize winner, crickets... @BarackObama


You get them Trump!
It WAS done a long time ago.  Try 1994. Grow a friggin’ brain!
there is no depth to your ignorance
You don't 'work' Donny.
KEEP ON KEEPING ON...IF ANYONE AN DO IT, YOU CAN, MR. PRESIDENT
Hi Mr Donald trump do you even know.hazara people killed every days in Afghanistan all hazara civilians as child women why you do not. Talk about that why you do not take a decision to finish the taliban and isis  attack on our people
yesterday day in Kabul in hazara communities  by the isis and taliban attack  killed 40 people as child as women and 120 people injured please do some thing even talk with Afghan fucking crazy president ashraf Ghani
"http://NK.was.a.tool.of.global .communist.movement.&.bad.actors.in.CIA.&.SES.DOJ.to.minimize.MAGA.control.&.manipulate.USA
.into.their.weak.global.tyranny."."peace.thru.stregnth"..
MAGA
A long time ago, like say...during the Clinton administration?  Maybe October of 1994?
Agreed Framework -@BillClinton http://www.nti.org/media/pdfs/aptagframe.pdf …

But you have not done anything but agree to met
He’s had diplomatic conversations thru heads of state tho
Who he fired
He needed stronger leadership.
Finally we agree we need stronger leadership and  Trump is the leader. It all starts at the top
Trump is strongest leader his country has seen in years. Obama was a joke.
Cant compare the two different times different issues. Plus we the american people are so tired of the anti obama bs. Trump is now the president. Its time to judge trump on trump. Not just say so obama was bad. Get over obama and judge trump on trump
Ok. I say he’s doing an outstanding job.
If you read history you would know that Clinton had a nuclear deal with North Korea that Bush scuttled. Perhaps you should read up on that before you scuttle the Iranian deal.
Wouldn't have to do the things you're doing if Obummer had done his job right. MAGA!
Thanks
Ha ha. You think you work.
Blah blah blah
Let you tell it, there was no America before you came along.  You were there to sign the constitution and tell everyone else what to do!  To be so conceited is ridiculous!
That what u are president now,forget about who did or didn't.
Yet it’s still maybe yes, maybe no?  Great job! NOT!
Work?  What do you know about work?  Your idea of work is to listen to FOX and Friends instead of playing golf. Can you even locate N Korea on a map?
I agree that a #POTUS should meet with #PONK although with your hateful tweets you made it impossible for #Obama
Thank You Mr. President. But be Cautious  Trust but Verify   Cut the Cards
Your doing squat regarding North Korea.  Our government people are doing it not you.  You are weak and afraid to meet this man and will find an excuse not to go through with it.   We are not blind and see right thrugh you.
Should THAAD be withdrawn?(`へ´*)ノ
Eating burgers and watching Fox News is such hard work! #TrumpIsATwit
Thank you so much for paying attention to our electrical grid as the 'Life Liberty and Levin Show' on FoxNews tv at 10pm is discussing right now. Thank you so much for protecting our country & its' peoples.
At a golf course?  You are working on a golf course?
Врремя тот еще  интенрвал- то покровитель, то содержанка , а то- террорист.Возможно многое...но, увы, оно не строется на одной реплике и помнит собственные перепии, не грозя ничем лишь себе самому, г-н Президент.
Maybe nobody could get a tee time

Work?  I thought Trump was playing golf and sending inane tweets.
The "work" you are doing now?  Tweeting, name calling, bragging, and lying.....those are not "work".....
So you chided Obama in public and through your right-wing friends on Fox for even approaching the idea of meeting with NK.  You're such a hypocrite.  Sooner the better you are no longer in the WH
Hypocritical Trump:  whether the job is done long time ago is irrelevant.  Whether you can make it happen well for Us is more important now.  Don’t start blaming others and protecting yourself. It only shows you are a coward to@move forward@fatchoyC
BUSINESSMAN
AGREE!
Get your hand off it Donald. You are such a tool.
We will see. You’ve screwed up everything you’ve touched so far.  My thought is he just wants a picture with you to spew his type of propaganda.
Acting like a 5 year old and comparing button sizes?  Very impressive diplomacy. #LiarInChief
How many more times are you gonna say this? Get over yourself and get it done ffs.
Remember how Achilles got into the great walls of Troy.... DO NOT TRUST KIM. HE IS UP TO SOMETHING. ANOTHER TROJAN HORSE.....

Glad you are thinking Sir. It does seem very complicated. Hate war but love security.
You aren't doing a thing...SoKo is.
You just Tweeted that they agreed to denuclearization and in your very next tweet your saying maybe things will work out maybe they won’t.  Are you getting high? Because you’re all over the map @POTUS VonShithole
And what measures are you going to take if things "don't work out"?
#StceGov3

#Billionairelivesmatter #TakeAKnee #Billionairelivesmatter #TakeAKnee #Billionairelivesmatter #TakeAKnee
你会相信“专制主义的独裁者”吗？
What's it like to be perfect?
MAGA 

What work? You mean perfecting your short game? #laziestpresidentever
I.D.I.O T
try harder. you would be one of THE presidents in USA who did a amazing job. to expect applause for stuff a president has to do is cheap sir. this would be a historical supernova, you cannot threaten people and then expect that they listen to you. they are wackos, but still,
[North Korea] is vowing to pursue nuclear development unless Washington removes its troops from the Korean Peninsula and the nuclear umbrella defending South Korea and Japan.  Did you not know this?  Or, did you just ignore it?

Someone please tell Trump that the Clinton administration set up a nuclear deal with North Korea on October 21, 1994, monitored by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The deal remained in place until the Bush administration came in office in 2001 and began to scuttle it. …
Shut up
You have never WORKED a day in your life.
We're a long way from normalcy.  Maybe you should resign.  That is what our country needs.  Is your real name even Donald trump or is that fake too?  LIAR!!!
You poor sap, Kim has played you bigley, you will go down as the stupidest person ever to disgrace the WH....  can't wait to see how you try to twist this one in your favor! ...lol.
Work? What the fuck do you actually do? Give credit to staff, take responsibility on yourself! It’s called leadership!
AMEN TO THAT, BUT GREAT JOB ANYHOW!!!
this problem is not solutions, USA never will go concessions, no concessions, no solutions....
Please NK is PLAYING you like a fiddle and your just going right along with it.... Your a complete FOOL if you really think all those test were just for fun.. And that they're really DONE.... PLEASE.... they have achieved there goal,  to hit the US... AND  they have arsenal
So what are you doing? What secret deals are you, Russia and China actually doing with North Korea? #TrumpCorruption #TrumpLies #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Korea nukes gone 
China trade war won
ISIS destroyed
Taxes lowered
Offshore cash repatriated
Clinton crime syndicate destroyed
Deep state killing each other
Paul Ryan gone
TPP done
Paris accord over

How about low-flow shower heads please?
Shut up and do that work then.  We don't need to hear about it every day.  Do your job.
Yes we know your perfect and Obama was horrible. Get over him already. Just because he made a fool out of you at the press dinner you keep attacking him. Can't wait till all the books on you come out jerk.
You might be a long way from conclusion, but your path is short for collusion.
blah blah blah

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Pat yourself on the back only believe the BS.
North Korea does not denuclearize. You should never trust North Korea.
Mornin’ Comrade Spanky,Mueller is a long way from conclusion too,we will see,maybe he will upgrade you to treason, maybe he won’t. If Tweets were fluid it would be obvious your are pissing your pants all weekend! I doubt your laughing tho but the rest of us R #WhitehouseReality
