Fire Sessions. Drain the swamp
how come you are so obsessed about @HillaryClinton !
Because they are crooks and  deserve to be punished as any law  breaker . That should be obvious
They are too busy with investigating your corruption. Looks like more and more of the dossier is being proven. You now admit you spent the night in Moscow.
Then get rid of Sessions if he won’t do his job!
Ha ha love it, but does ring true
At the very least!!The double standard of the application of the Law for elitist DEMs. WE the American ppl need to STAND UP WITH OUR PRESIDENT! It’s obscene! It was bad enough that Lois Lerner’s not been held to account for the Abuse of Power she used the IRS to destroy ppl lives
Trump is obscene
So says the #ObsceneOne 
GOP lawmakers need to investigate you.  It they are all spineless crooks (like you).
That's what we been talking about !
we really do have a swamp governing us. thank GOD for president trump
On a related subject, Mr. President, with all due respect, the special counsel is not on "a witch hunt." He is on "a witch's hunt." Mueller works not for DOJ or the American people; he works for Crooked Hillary and he is dirtier than Comey and McCabe combined.
What should alarm you is every thing you mentioned saying against Trump is what the left-wing socialist have been doing to bring him down all the while he's done good for the US, get beyond your selfish cost and think about the future the left-wing has done nothing but resist,ect
Jeff Sessions should be all over this. There's something seriously wrong if no one is at least looking into the uranium one deal, FISA abuse, Clinton laundering campaign funds, the Clinton's email cover up, leaks, lies, etc. The GOP should be screaming about this.
Out with Jeff Sessions!! What a disappointment, letdown! Betrayed Pres Trump as I see it.
#LockThemAllUp
Will we ever see JUSTICE?
What about Obama??? Is there nothing you can do to ask for investigation on them all?? Can't you CHARGE Obama with the Logan Act to get him indicted or at least investigated.
Be patient. In time the truth will be exposed.
It’s so hard to be patient.
We have no other choice. Dems need to pay for this charade at the ballot box.
#FireJeffSessions
Sessions prove he is def Swamp and justice is not blind. It’s elists goes free and the rest of us get prosecuted.

Come on give them a chance....
Fox news? And you expect to be taken seriously.
You and Murdoch are two dirty old men.
Amongst lots more.
That's entertainment  opinion news .. Wtf would sessions need to answer to them 
After this crazy investigation is over- session and rosensmuck must go

Trump is making his intentions perfectly clear. He wants the Department of Justice to lock up his political opponents and witnesses to his misbehavior. And he wants it to stop investigating his own misdeeds.  http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/04/trump-threatens-to-seize-control-of-justice-department.html …
What about that Mexican President  not doing his job ! All his people at our boarders. He and his military need to be Sanctioned for allowing the cartel to kill/ run the Mexican people to our boarders. Enuf! . Yes investigate Hillary and her cartel ,also.
This man still has a job at @PrincipalMSD high school. He has been threatening his own students who support 2A. Do something!!!!
I find Comey GUILTY of a-holeism. Remember Pink Flamingos?  Haha
Fire that weasel Rosenstein and let Sessions follow through with his threat to quit. Hire Rudy Giuliani. He'll kick ass and take names!


One day he is going to realize the real leaker in the administration is actually his phone. 


Treason -- HANG!!



Under no circumstances should Debbie Wasserman-Shultz’s brother, Steven Wasserman, ever be allowed to oversee an investigation of the DNC & the “AWAN Family Investigation." This investigation should be controlled…
Replace him with Rudy or Jeanine Piero we’ve had enough
Drain the Swamp, Sessions has got to go!
What a joke you are and I once again say I will be so happy for your impeachment coming soon
Never in history of the US did a President pursue his opponent.  I believe Comey

Mr. President

Please fire sessions
I would like for an investigation of Hillary Clinton , ExPresident Barack Obama and any affiliates ! In the name of The UNITED STATES and it's Citizens ...
Lock her up
Comey and
Please just do it 
It is Past time for an investigation!  I believe it’s time to fire Sessions! This is ridiculous! Drain the Swamp.  The Law should be enforced against Hillary, Comey. Put Trey Gowdy in charge !
@foxnew has no credibility.
Yep, they have to do something wrong first to be investigated, not just get under your orange wrinkled skin.
Sessions is useless! Drain the swamp and dump him
@JeffFlake @LindseyGrahamSC #GRAHAMNESTY will not allow this to end... 2 senators that MUST GO ASAP, IE #IMPEACHGRAHAM
Why you kick FoxNews?
Nghề nghiệp của Fox News có Sáng Công Hồng Chánh Nghĩa Quyền thì sẽ xuyên phá được Con Đường hầm quá u tối.
#ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW
Looking forward to the London CrossWalk May 5th - 20,000 Smiles into London and the Nations!
Exactly Mr. @POTUS why good luck,,, out with @jeffsessions and in with a pit bull that is all about true law and order equal law for all
Why do you think that is?
I hate to tell you the bad news Mr; President ; The only way you and I are going to solve this DOJ and FBI coup on Americans UnEqual Justice from these agencies is to FIRE all heads from the top to the first commanding field agent.Then you appoint new respected heads recomended.
Getting rid of no backbone Session and his little menion. Session should have been left in Congress, he has no backbone when it comes to protecting you & inturn the county. Then get rid of Rosinstein and fire Mueller. It's time to end this b.s.
Being president means never running out of narcissistic supply
Everyone else wants you investigated
Why!  They are not in government anymore.  GOP are bunch of wuzzes and divided and have been for almost two decades and even worst now.  They won't even support you and just stand in a corner watching you act the fool instead of reining you in.  Mid term will vote them all out.

Well, remember if they do, they have to prosecute you bc the WH not only used private servers, but uses disappearing email private servers.  She was investigated remember.  She didn't get hacked or share classified info or do it bc she was being corrupt.
I really think you need Dance Bongino as head of FBI so they will get cleaned out once and for all! Now for A.G. Giuliani would be great, Pirro, Christie, Gregg Jarrett, Gowdy, Sekulow, or Dershowitz!Truth is unless you and Sessions have a wonderful surprise for us he needs to go
Darn smartphone!  Dan Bongino!!!
It was your request.  You go after anyone that doesn't like you.
Better get a grip, there are millions of us.
He is scrambling to cover his ads. Wonder how much he had to pay his lawyer to plead the 5th.

Hilary & Comey May have made meeker mistakes, but compared 2 what u have done in errors & poor performance make them look like heroes!
how about investigate yourself for corruption
Thank you for all you do and all that you are doing....lots of us are awake and aware and we have your back all the way...WWG1 WGA
The Attorney General isn't in the business of investigation. He's a Lawyer. The FBI and Law enforcement officers are in the business of investigating.


Why is luck a factor at all? #equaljustice
You are the crook.
SESSIONS have to be stop the Russian Show.
Hillary should already be in gitmo for life and ,Obammie ,holder,lynch,& nutty Nancy for damn sure and more ! 
What took so long.
Investigate pleas this has to be done

But Mr. President you're supposed to be a dictator according to drive by media! Dictators don't make requests.
Lock them up!
Why don't you fire Jeff Sessions?  No problem attached to that.  If it upsets Mitch McConnell, Cornyn and Graham, just expose their deep state alliances.
Good luck finding anything to investigate.
In general I liked Sessions but, unless he is doing work behind the scenes, it seems he is willing to let all Dems & their LAWLESSNESS go unchecked... PROBLEM: THEIR ACTIONS adversely effected US, financially, internationally, & divided Americans FOR THEIR PERSONAL GAIN..NEW A.G?
Why? Did you ask Sean H. To help make this a priority of the GOP?

Donny and Sean, we know you are in bed together...

Crooked, crooked, crooked Trump
#WaffleHouse #JamesShawJr #WednesdayWisdom
LOL  James Comey has a much more accomplished legal team than you do!
Yo, Spanky! Here’s the download, Baby. People who commit crimes are investigated. That means you; your crime family & associates; several RNC & GOP criminals; Michael Cohen; your boss, Vlad. Not Comey, nor Hillary, nor Obama. Got it?
How did the Leftist Koolaid taste?
Like Tang?
Maybe a little peepee in there too?
You think Vladimir Putin has a hold on POTUS?
ROFL, & SMH
Well if you don't ask the question.  WHY  bother  . Really  are you  a non paying tax payer or is it  an urban mith?

WE can NOT give up on seeing Obama and Hillary and SOROS IN PRISON!!
Fire Mr Magoo he's deep state compromised !!!!
Jeff sessions is the reason this which Hunt started in the first place you should have fired him when he recused his self

...GET RID OF SESSIONS- HE'S SWAMP....AND IN BED WITH THE CORRUPT EXPLETIVES!!!!!
Yeah, the other dozen or so investigation (8 on Benghazi alone!) were so fruitful, might as well spend more $$ on that endeavor. Sigh. Talk about "no there there" ...
Now if we can get to the bottom of all the investigations about you.
Fire him
Sessions is such a huge disappointment!! Frigin useless!!
SIR: WITH ALL DUE RESPECT , PLEASE TERMINATE SESSIONS EMPLOYMENT , HE'S AN OBSTRUCTIONIST WHO DOES NOT HAVE YOUR BEST INTEREST IN HIS MIND WHATSOEVER .
Ha.. I thought that was sarcasm. 
#TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Sweet :)!!!!
What is his problem?  Doesn't he realise the people put him there for this.
Americans want the truth once and for all.
Actually HRC’s name was just released asbon of the UNSEALED INDICTMENTS re: the Bundys, Murder of LeVoy Finicum and URANIUM ONE! See tweet of YouAreFreeTV video!! The KaKa just impacted the rotary oscillator!!!#Cummupance
Let's see where this goes? It doesn't fit under Sessions' recusal. If AG refuses @POTUS has no option but to move/fire him, get him out of the AG role. He should recess appt pitbull Rudy Giuliani to AG & order him to clean house at DOJ/FBI & remove the Deep State by its roots.
Nah. They’ll be the minority soon enough.
What is he waiting for? #QAnon
@TraceySRogers1 @FoxNews 
You know that Sessions works for you, right?

Trump’s false claims to Comey about Moscow stay could aid Mueller https://politi.co/2HW3OOj  
That is a stupid request.
Sessions needs to do what  is right/ Lawful. That is his job @POTUS  Chief Law follower and enforcer!
Waiting........ waiting #QAnon tick-tock.
I have faith in sessions
Righttttt
Let's get you done first.  You're in power and a lot more damaging to our country
Fire him
Get over yourself . By the end of it all you'll be the schmuck you've always been .
History will eviscerate you .
You'll be a footnote on what a president ( gag ) should never be .

Trump called Kim Jong Un "very honorable" today, still no word on his views of the Waffle House hero James Shaw.
Switch Sessions with Judge Jeanine. He has dirty secrets! I supported him now it's time to go Sessions . Thank you for your service .
No more asking!! Demand he do it!! That is his job!
And why does @FoxNews have anything to do with political decision making. It’s SUPPOSED to be a NEWS channel. Oh yeah @seanhannity the presidents secret adviser works there
Investigate what about Comey and Clinton?

"We now know that the investigation into collusion has always been running on a parallel track" to other investigations about Trump/his aides - @NatashaBertrand on Mueller targeting 2016 Trump Tower meeting…

Too bad...
Im praying they will #LockHerUp & him too
Hellery would have shit
I cant wait for Jeff Sessions to get his hands on ALL the dossier evidence, all the Hillaty evidence...he is making a move. #AGSessions #GrumpyBird #GrumpyBirdWords
I hope they investigate your profits from office too.
Just fire Sessions, he has shown he isn't inline with the American voters!
It is just incredible how #Rosenstein & #Sessions have highjacked DOJ! #DOJ can't be a super-government. It must be subject to the Will of the People. Both should resign instead of showing their fresh faces to work every morning. #MAGA
The country needs to focus on people currently in government. Not Hillary, but Donald. Hillary has already been investigated already, by the way.
Right?!
Offset
You can't demand American Citizens be investigated because they beat you at something. Everybody doesn't have to commit a crime to win like you do. You have to be able to prove probable cause they committed a crime to have them investigated, hence @realDonaldTrump.
You are absolutely a liar, are you saying that you don't want to reopen what happened
20 years ago that was already investigated.  You should be telling your yes men, the GOP Lawmakers to quit wasting tax $$$, eventually you will be impeached and then
you and yours go to jail.
Republicans investigated Clinton for years and found NOTHING.
don't wait ....Sessions is dirty. He backed out on you at first sign of trouble.  He is not loyal.  He is a Swamp Rat
Please fire Sessions, he’s being paid to do his job
Well played Mr. PRESIDENT
Why, exactly?
GagbbZp1q1d
Sessions is DEEP state.  How convenient he recused himself and takes no heat.  Fire him. You should have picked Gulliani.
Get rid of Jeff "Concessions" !  He is covered in "swamp" slime.


WHAT DOES SESSIONS DO??? HES SCARED OF THEM.
