

Sharks are in the water! Have your lunch now but know that  #MuellerIsComingForYou #SharksforTrump
I
You really need to skip a few of these luncheons #FattytRUMP Look how slim & healthy #ShinzōAbe looks compared to your unbridled girth. #SaladsAreYourFriend trump, I’m sure @MichelleObama would be more than happy to write a sensible #DietPlan for you
#Girtherism
With how presidents so infamously age quickly whilst in office, I’m surprised his vanity allowed for it. Certain his “superior genes” would defy the curse, I’m sure. Not working. He looks more sh****y than ever! 
Yup, as far as appearances go, #trump isn't so much showing the signs of age, as he has been bald, old & wrinkled for some considerable time now. The difference I see is his weight!! He's clearly comfort eating while watching crap TV, #FakeNewsfoxnews & it's getting #OutOfControl
it's fucking trump
Good ,好
It is always a great day when collective minds can gather amicably and move!
https://www.ravenslogic.com/2018/04/5-fruits-you-must-eat-for-better.html …
Thank you Potus! We have a prayer group praying for you daily. May God Rain his mercy down on you and yours. Our country and our world. 
I pray Trump stays safe  fighting the corrupt forces that have enslaved the country for hundreds of years is not an easy task!. God is with him all the way. Fighting the devil
The corrupt are falling apart and getting desperate. The end for them is near  once the corrupt start getting jailed for treason, people will finally wake up! Imagine a FBI Director (comey)going to jail for treason very soon... it will wake people up.
Amen
Yes, return to the light or be taken out... some have returned to the light and are working with Trump now. Theres people who will not choose the light...
If I had the money and clout that you do, I would change the world!
He is trying his best
Keep up the good work Trump and screw all those people who think you do not have much support. I have thousands of followers and all are rooting for you and our country.
부럽 습니다 
우리 나라도 동참 해야 하는데...
사라져야할 공산주의자들로 인해 나라가 어지럽습니다
香港男按摩師WhatsApp/TEL：+852 65979984 WeChat：f65979984 高級私人男按摩師(提供乾淨舒適安全私密的按摩工作室），夫妻情趣按摩，巴厘島spa異性按摩，私人按摩，上門按摩，上酒店按摩，專業為你舒緩減壓，消除疲勞，調節內分泌，平衡荷爾蒙，喚醒你最原始的慾望，還你一個健康陽光的身體！
Trump should have incited Abe to the White House.

@Luciano09480407
@leggioluciano

President Trump is the best president ever


No meeting w Mul. U no it's just a witch hunt and u r not going to gv them crap. Pull that fish hook out of the water. We the ppl want u 2 take  the high ground
Way to go TRUMP PENCE so proud of what you guys are doing for middle class america . Thank you so much

Good morning Patriots 
Have a terrific Thursday my friends
#GodBlessAmerica  
You are amazing. So busy with the whole world in your hands. Don't forget you need rest. Family. To do the most important job. God. President. On and on. Prayers for you and Family. Thxs for keeping us real people. REAL.
Trump is making a lot of $$ hosting Japan at his resort. He's charging top dollar and it's going into his pocket. It's actually stealing and he knows there's nothing we can do about it. If you think he, or the GOP, cares about America you're not paying attention.  
#VoteOutTheGOP
President Trump is a money maker it is his property he can charge what he wants he's working for nothing
Please work on restoring power to Puerto Rico instead of dining in Mar-a-lago. Why isn’t this taking place in DC?
Ask your Puerto Rico governor
I agree with @PeepsPresident0  Puerto Rico: Restore ur own power!
Stop electing crooks and you wont have these issues!
Just in: Stormy spanks Resident Rump with #MAGA-zine.
HELP MR. President Help. Gas too high. Economy will fall if it goes up more. People will stop buying anything to have money for gas. #GASTOOHIGH #NOMOREMONEYTOBUYANYTHING #economywilltakeahit
The American Flags have NO yellow fringe!
Hey Trump, have you ever thought about relaxing with some beers and making a good impression? I think you're doing a pretty good job. Don't be hesitant to adventure, alot of us are like that ya know.
True bro, very true. That what makes America the best damn country on the planet. You can do what you want and get the career you want!!!

This is why @SenateMajLdr
won't allow a vote on the House floor to protect #Mueller.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

…
Disgusting why don't you try obeying the law
Not one woman in this photo. Isn't this 2018?
I see women in one of the photos.....   what’s your point?
Congratulations on diverting more tax payer funds into the Trump coffers.   Gosh if only the president had a residence to conduct high level meetings 

How much money did this cost us and how much money did you make personally?
Ask that question to Obama’s and Clinton?   Much much more!!!  In fact Clinton’s stole from the White House and had to return it.
Skylar... Neither of those people are in the WH right now, so...let's deal with the here and now...okay pumpkin?
Just wondering how come u weren’t so interested when it was there time.  Besides ur assuming he is making all this money 
You don't know me, take care.
President Trump  I saw a picture of you with mcdonalds food in front of you.  maybe a photo shop pic...  but if true...lay off that junk.  not good for you.  stay healthy
We really need bilateral military support between our nations more now than ever!  Thanks Pres. Trump
天天不务正业
Its great to see countries getting along these days when people next door would be willing to start a fight over slight political differences.
Good job Mr President
You want to do something for the American people, get back the trillions stolen from our S/S fund.
World respect through the roof. Thanks POTUS Great job
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP  I Am SO GLAD THAT YOU PUT “RUDY “ on your team
You are deeply loved, highly favored, and specially created for a great Divine purpose by your Heavenly Father who never leaves your side. God bless you!  #JESUS

Y sólo están comiendo pan de leche  me parto hahahahaha
Dear president Trump I am sorry for that comment someone stole my phone and put that comment have a nice day
#trumpfornobelpeaceprize
fake，You want us to go into world war III, you don't deserve the president
https://business.facebook.com/muabanmaygiattaihanoi/?business_id=1522152934573260 …
Constant sniping at previous administrations does not diminish them it diminishes you.
Shameless Abe
Don't forget to tweet empathy for all the people that were struck down in Toronto this morning????
no @McDonalds ?
Can you stop the Chinese buying  Australian Land

Looks good for someone who doesn't care...
so here is a video of Trump saying he would take the President of China to McDonalds . I guess that only applies if Trump can't make money on the lunch as he is doing here at Mar a Lago with the Japanese delegation?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMzz-1dybMw …
President Trump , is doing a fantastic job .
Constipiated lil donny doesn't know how long he has to hold it!
Curious @VP is encouraging constipated lil donny to JUST LET IT OUT!


look how honestly happy and relieved and relaxed they all look.. it has been a long time.. a really long time.. Thank you Trump. the World can be a better place for everyone.
stupid
i ibtvvvvvt喔lllolloolko噢k k k k kun j@好m@bikim mo噢秘密m mi m mi m mi ju h j m信你看库里没没课快被蚊子m……
ترامب معتوه
Drumpf is a disgrace to this country.
I guess the health department let you reopen the kitchen?
How much did this cost the taxpayers and how much did you stick in your own pocket donny boy?
How much did you pocket from this extravagant luncheon since it was held at your private resort?  How much did you charge taxpayers for this?  MONEY RIGHT IN YOUR POCKET.  You are the crooked one. THIS needs to be investigated. @TGowdySC @ChrisCoons  #Emoluments  #DumpTrump

I like when he does this stuff instead of the dramatic and controversial stuff.
Work?
Great working luncheon with putin this afternoon!
Hard for me to accept this orange idiot in the White House. Come on Mueller get to it. Or perhaps one of our 2nd Amendment friends will take care of it.
Just saying 'lunch' instead of 'luncheon' will help you to elaborate more as you will be using less than the allocated characters allowed by #Twitter #JustSayin #Sarcasm #DoYouThinkTheyThinkImBeingSerious #IsThereStillACharacterCap
OMG DADDY
Why would you hold meetings here at your old place of business? Are you charging us the taxpayers for setup, food, etc? Are all these people paying room charges or is our government? 
We see you, making money off the taxpayers expense.
Love you Trump! Thank you and keep doing what we voted you in office to do.  Your the best!
Is Mar-a-Lago paying for those dinners? Bet not!
It was an unforgettable luncheon
?
ふぁっきゅー
自从创普总统发起对中共贸易反击战以来，十四亿中国人民欢欣鼓舞，翘首期盼着共匪统治末日的到来。
Hi Mr. President... can we have a chance to see you in White House...

Good day, Daddy Trump! 1993 & 2002 there were serious issues in USA which I had to be strong for! It's 2018 now, I'm still STRONG for you'all! I LOVE MY TRUMP FAMILY OF USA! from SHABOEDIEN BECKER, Cape Town, South Africa. Born: 12/07/1975
Hi
Hope good business after nice lunch
*YOU* worked? I don't believe it.
Il a vraiment une tête de con

Great, good relationship of U.S and Japanese 
Idiot
First we r told to control population by having less or no children. Now we don't hv enough ppl to fill jobs n future. Europe has slow their population growth to now bring n middle East &  Africa to fill needs. So their population has exploded.  So stop abortions here. Hv babies
Comey said Hillary better because she has the commitment to R traditions and norms, values and rule of law. Boy that says it all. She knows how 2 play the game.
Your pretend friend Abe secretly hates you and makes fun of you JSYK.
Did you get two scoops?  After all, that is the most important thing to you!
https://youtu.be/ynYySMLSCeI 
彼らは 実験をやめたと言いますが、
去年は、完成したのでワシントンでも攻撃出来ると 国際放送のラジオで 豪語しています。
完成してたら、それは実験なんか 要らないでしょうねぇ
現実に保有していると言うわけですね！！
去年の、攻撃映像の様に成らないことを私は望みます
Where the women at
https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/158477561515294 …
You couldn't even pronounce his name!
I dont like you...but nice tweet
Not draining the swamp! Draining the bank! When America check's her pockets, they will be empty. Con-artist for a President.
Japan is about to say they will go it on their own, as you can not be trusted.

He delivered a warning.....
Screw up the negotiations and you will pay a price.
Could you have choked on a puffer fish?
Once again your at one of your properties which you charge tax payers for every room, good and drinks of secret service, staff and guests. You're making more money of American taxpayers than ever b4 in your life. We've paid over $200k just in golf cart rentals. #TrumpKleptocracy
Literally all the U.S. side is old white guys. That is not an accurate representation of America and I find it racist.
Noble Noble!!!!!!!!
北朝鮮の今回どういう 方法での検証になるのかは・・・・ｗｗ
国連軍が入った査察じゃないと米も納得はしないと思うし、
国連軍が計画的な廃棄を協力して検証しなければねぇｗｗ 

話しにならんでしょ・・・
国連軍との平和協定なんだし 相手はねｗｗ
休戦してるのは米国じゃなく国連だしね！
役にたってない IAEAという国連機関じゃなく、
戦をしている国連軍が主導して 廃棄を具現化させるべきだよね！！

戦の相手は国連軍なんだし！！
（そんな国が、国連加盟というのは、常識的におかしいけど）
でも、国連機関としての、国連軍が軍主導で廃棄までやらないとねぇ・・・・筋だよね。
核実験やめました宣言を 北がしたと 報道がでたが・・・・
べつに シリアに実験中の物体運んで実験したって 成果わかるもんねぇ・・・・ 北ってそんな国だからｗねぇ
How much is this sham costing us? You're pathetic.
小日本和美国佬
20 to life 20 to life 20 to life for YOU!
death penalty is still open for TRAITORS!
so you are going to court to try to prove you are NOT a traitor in a sea of proof you ARE!
all you own is lost to the USA people and PRISON your home soon and same for 3 of your kids all inmates!
Can't wait for the TPP
you sitting on your ass taking pretty pictures is not working princess.
BFD
Look at them all. Laughing at you.
Did you serve micky d's or KFC?  Classy
And exactly how much did you pocket of this luncheon at Mar-a-Lago
There's no such thing as a good picture of you. Stop trying so hard. You look desperate.
"Shit, what he's going to say again"
You are DISGUSTING!
TWO WONDERFUL MEN BEING FRIENDS EVEN CULTURES AND LANGUAGES SEPERATE THEM....GOOD WORK BOTH OF YOU
排排坐，吃果果
Notice how when ever Trump is on vacation, he always tweets about “working”. So friggin insecure its actually scary
White and yellow, aint that mellow
The Japanese Delegation is not laughing WITH you, they're laughing AT you. SAD.
Алло мистер шевелюра, так и будешь всем вокруг пудрить мозги? "О, те кто не хотят строить отношения с Москвой, дураки." - 15 минут спустя "Нам нужно ввести новые санкции против России."
Keep praying for the man ! He's doing great !!! Amen

Emoluments clause. Read it.
The CCP is immortal and the world is uneasy
HOW MUCH TAX PAYER’S MONEY DID YOU GET FOR HAVING THIS AT YOUR RESORT???

A lovely table set by WH staff.  Love the red "happiness" flowers.
Lmao you said working #stopliving
The collective respect shown around the world is refreshing & what s/always be expected from world leaders. It's amazing how far that respect can take us all!! World changing, monumental times are happening quickly, exciting days ahead for all!! #MyPresident gets it done!!
Remember these times fondly so they sustain you during your incarceration. Perhaps you can be president of your cell block? *fingers crossed*

Hello Mr.Trump.
I'm sorry for the poor quality of the Japanese mass communication.
However, the response to that was wonderful!!
I think diplomacy is tough, but please do its best!!
The level of ignorance in the minds of The Yam's base is deeper than the sh*t @POTUS dishes out every day.
才知道猫哥英文名Abe是安倍的意思
Thank you President Trump for such a great job! I wish the lying media would quit taking up our time with garbage we don’t care about!!!!
Muy bien ..

Hello Tramp Sab How Are yuo Pakistan / Chinaka Band Bazao Quckly
#donaldtrump President
#MelaniaTrump teacher
#AbeShinzo President
The entertainment industry is bad for the fact that American cars can not be sold in Japan  Television a bad mouth in the United States
.∩∩OMG
＼( *^.^*)/
You will only use political and military measures to suppress the economy trying to surpass your country. Fair trade is a joke to the United States! Do you understand fairness? j Even human rights organizations are just tools in your hands!
But you didn't look happy at all actually starting to look worried. TRUMP YOUR going to jail.
You look kind stupid there! Hahaha!
America's people stand by their President and his designated trusted states. This statement again welcomes Japan's brotherhood.
Who takes these photographs?
Oh yes really working hard
Japan und Deutschland sind immer noch offiziell die einzigen Feinde der  #UN ! Alle gegen uns. 100 Jahre Lügen Landraub Hetze  #Genozid und 70 Jahre Exil für ALLE Deutsche so wie für den Freund der 1938 #Tibet Expedition Dalai Lama 60 Jahre indischen Exil.
Wir kapitullieren nie !
Idiot
How was the cake?
Japanese gov MLIT refuses FMVSS vehicle approval. We cannot buy US vehicles and motorcycles in easy price. So we should additional pay about 0.3-1mil. JPY each vehicle. This regulation does not apply to British anf European vehicles.
Imagine how glad those who were fighting each other in WW2 would be to see the peace that has been brought about through capitalism!
共匪一直在压榨、奴狱14亿中国人。很多公民被非法关进监狱，甚至非法地无限期关押。
必须继续严厉制裁共匪，一旦共匪偷窃到全球的高新技术，全世界的災烂降临，那时候共匪将压榨全世界。
——共匪是人类的魔鬼。
