MICHIGAN LOVES PRESIDENT HILLARY
PRESIDENT HILLARY WON
MICHIGAN LOVES PRESIDENT HILLARY
PRESIDENT HILLARY WON
MICHIGAN LOVES PRESIDENT HILLARY
PRESIDENT HILLARY WON
MICHIGAN LOVES PRESIDENT HILLARY
PRESIDENT HILLARY WON
MICHIGAN LOVES PRESIDENT HILLARY
Hillary is evil to the core ...
She, Obama and other demoncrats will be locked up soon... Will be great to cleanse planet of evil
YOU'RE EVIL!!
To my fellow DEPLORABLES...NOW ARENT WE HAPPY EVERY MORNING WAKING UP TO THE FACT that PRESIDENT TRUMP is OUR AMAZING President?!  We are so grateful we FINALLY have the BEST DAMN PRESIDENT THERE EVER WAS!
Remember when the NRA proclaimed that everyone is safer if they have a gun, then bans guns at Pence’s speech? 

I do. 

‘Parkland shooting survivors cry hypocrisy after NRA bans guns during Pence speech’
Remember when the Parkland shooter murdered 17 high school kids and the Republicans responded by trying to pass laws to arm teachers? 

I do. 

That is... until teachers marched.
Remember when Heather Heyer was murdered by a White Supremacist with his car and Republicans responded by introducing ‘bills to protect drivers who run over protesters’

I do.
Remember when Trump took White Supremacy off the Terror Watch List, two weeks after his inauguration? 

I do. 

And the hate crimes are proliferating. 

‘Exclusive: Trump to focus counter-extremism program solely on Islam - sources’
Remember when Donald Trump became President not just mine but yours also ? ...I do !
Remember when @realdonaldtrump worked with & conspired with the Russians to steal the election, to become the first #FakePresident? And was the worst "leader" in the history of the nation?

I do!
#bluesewage #bluewave2018 piece of shit that rides the Blue Wave



Ah yes...the solution of info - challenged conserves!. Go back 90 years and then IGNORE the history since then, as the most racist Dems switched parties and turned the Republican Party into the 
60 year home of raging racists since then.  Try owning your own history for a change
We love you Mr. President
Thank you for all the work you tirelessly do everyday
Trump Trump Trump
All the way into 2024!

#MAGA #KAG
Beautiful picture MAGAllica
You guys do realize trump is just a mere mortal, right? 
He doesn't even qualify as mortal. He's entirely too evil and low intelligence.
The way your #FakeNews is going after Trump you'd think that he has ties to 42 politically motivated homicides, ironically linked to his time as Secretary of State, Arkansas Governor and 2016 failed presidential run.
The US imposing painful sanctions on NK (and Russia holding oil deliveries over NK's head) in no way equates to a Noble for you.  Ding-a-ling.  Ding-a-ling.  @PutinRF_Eng Got that?    So much .

You sound completely insane....
The Korean War ends. If Trump doesn't get a Nobel Peace prize for this, the system is rigged. Oh, wait... I forgot, Obama got one for NOTHING. Obviously the system IS rigged. #MAGA #Trump2020
"Many thousands of people" couldn't get in?  Prove it.
We do care. You are a good person.
The many who couldn't get in? You mean, bc you'd covered all the empty seats with huge flags to make the place look full?
Unlike Obama, President D. Trump Deserves The Nobel Peace Prize!!!
Many thousands who couldn't get in 
We've all seen the pictures Dotard, there was plenty of room to spare.
No thanks. You can stay in DC. Save tax payers the money!
He saved plenty for the working class 
I LOVE YOU POTUS TRUMP  
Especially when your in My Home State Michigan 
Thank you for Everything you do for us.. Please don't forget Flint with the polluted Water Issues. 
That Forgotten City Really needs Help. God Bless you Sir  
@realDonaldTrump
It was packed!
Looking at the picture from where it was taken from the back showing the back side where there's a few people. Where's the front? & looking at the angle of the sun, this was way before 7pm when the town hall started. This is fake news...Trying to deceive people of misinformation.
Then find me a pic where it is full! I have challenged many and yet to see one.
Had I of been able to attend.. I would of Posted a Dozen photos.  
Apparently no one is taking your comments and photos seriously. 
You need to take the Hint.
Stop being a Hater and Jump Aboard the WINNING TRUMP TRAIN 
Lol. There was plenty of empty space. And you were on fire with your lies and gaslighting.  In other words, an embarrassment.
Do they have a federal prison there?
Great speech last night!  I  our President!  #MAGA #KAG2020 #DrainTheSwamp
Well you got your ego stroked again. Time for some golf.
Maybe enthusiastic and loving but I would challenge you on the knowledgeable.  You know what's unreal? That you spent time fawning over Kanye and have yet to acknowledge #JamesShawJr . 
#Trump #FakePresident
Lots of.people care! Speak for yourself.
There were not thousands waiting to get in. You lie for no reason. Constantly.
You are loved. No doubt!!
Throwing yourself rallies does not make you great. Hitler did that to make himself feel special too. See how that worked for him? He is remembered as the definition of evil. Resign already.

How about giving Michigan clean drinking water instead of giving tax cuts to the rich? I would also suggest acknowledging @JamesShawJr9 for his heroic actions but we all know you won't do it and we all know why!
if you people would stop voting for democrats you would have clean water
Many have voted for republicans and the water was/is still contaminated. #fakenews
well the city was being run by democrats not Republicans.
That is true; and the state is run by  republicans. All sides are responsible.
You are going down
Trump thanks his crowd of 400,000
Hiding from the Correspondants Dinner is becoming quite the tradition.
"...many thousands of people who couldn't get in" 
 for not having the balls to show up at dinner, again,  shizzzz

This never gets old.
Ikr, pretty much appropriate for every single one of his tweets
Thank you President Trump for coming to Michigan. You are always welcome here!
All phony like their president.




“Knowledge”....lolololololol ....it was a room full of Trump supporters.  There is more knowledge in a box full of rocks.  #Deplorables
@GOP @IngrahamAngle @DevinNunes @Jim_Jordan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseJudiciary @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @RandPaul @PressSec @GOPLeader @GOPChairwoman @FoxNews @seanhannity @foxandfriends @ChuckGrassley @JesseBWatters @POTUS @tedcruz @TuckerCarlson @marcorubio @TomiLahren @VP

People won't care to see you if your policy is to replace American workers with foreign workers.
1) You are detested by the vast majority of not simply Americans, but the world. 2) the fact your extra fragile ego needs to take a room full of people who are at least in part PAID to cheer you shows you are nothing but a crazy dictator 3) Bye.
The world..

Yet we sit on the brink of South Korea/North Korea unity, End of the Korean War and likely DeNuclearization of the Korean peninsula..

All because of Trump.

You people deny the truth and live an alternate reality filled with hate just because

“He hurt muhfeeeelz.”
Pfffft. Lolz. “All because of trump”. That’s why he’s been so silent about it. His famous modesty.
Pfttt... lolz.  
You’re awesome.
South Korea’s Foreign Minister tells me in Seoul that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” for bringing North Korea to the negotiating table. “He’s been determined to come to grips with this from day one,”…
That’s why he’s been so present and engaged and constantly talking up his end of it. Like all his work with our Secretary of State who’s...uh, oh right, he was fired. And our ambassador which is...uhhh, non-existent. I’m sure this isn’t a complete abdication of our status. Derp.
You must have missed the part about this coming directly from a South Korean official....

And the part about ENDING THE KOREAN WAR.

#DenyTruth

#MAGA
#Winning
Neither.

Both False Premises

Its what happens when you are in a #MentalPrison.... 

When you deny the truth.

Did you miss the part about Pompeo actually meeting with Jong-Un?

He is Secretary of State now.

You make it sound like #Liberals take credit for Tillerson dismissal.
uh. The stadium wasn't even full. There were no thousands waiting to get in.
Thank you for supporting Michigan. Your the best President in my life time.
Thank you
Flint, Michigan still does not have clean drinking water. Mr. FAKE president.
He doesn't care. That does not concern him at all.
It does not. Meanwhile he’s costing tax payers millions so that he can golf in Florida every weekend.
But, Michelle’s smokey eyes joke. 
“Maybe she’s born with it...maybe it’s lies...” lol  love it!!! @michelleisawolf 
Hahahaha!!! 
More people that are not from Michigan & have no idea what their talking about.
You’re right. Please, tell us the real story about Flint.
The people who couldn't get in should consider themselves lucky...they didn't have to look at you or listen to you! Very lucky people.
Better to spend time with your base and supporters. Let the Fake News Media (FNM) die on the vine.
That's impossible since he is the King of Fake News
God Bless You
God may be the only one, but I suspect there are misgivings even in heaven. Those pesky Commandents just keep getting in the way,!. Is there one he HASN'T violated...repeatedly?
He said “I cherish you”. I don’t remember a President ever saying that to his supporters. 
If you had a vocabulary, you wouldn't use ugly words! If you you were self-respecting you wouldn't speak that way to others!

Stop bombing #Syria.  WTF?!?
Plesse dont come back
why so nobody will know how screwed up the state is due to democrat rule
President Trump,  we Americans are ready for that Wall. We tax paying Americans can not afford anymore people or illegal immigrants.  Let them make a home in Mexico.  Don't let them cross the border.  We say No more.  Stop them please. The Great Wall.
Congratulations on being the most divisive president in our history. Flint still doesn’t have clean water by the way.
That was obamas watch. How well did HE help?
Here are some of them
Also saw the crowds welcoming you in Florida last week, too bad the fake news outlets cover it up, but good for us, more cry cry in upcoming elections! Keep up the good work, you have crowds supporting you in every state!
Your a Great Man Mr. President!! And we thank you.
AMAZING speech! this President!
Great speech and crowd!
Trump is misunderstood...come on armageddon
It was a 5,000 seat Arena that only had three thousand people in it so where are all these people that couldn't get in? Or is this just another one of your lies?
Greatness is grabbing the bull from the horns!!! Thats undeniably President Trump!!!
Nice to see you and your supporters openly denigrating an entire ethnic group..disgusting.


Where's the rest of the picture?
#LyingDonald was too baby scared to attend the WH media dinner!  Too bad.  Would have LOVED to hear what Michelle Wolf would have said about him!  Sent @SHSanders45 in his place!  Haha #worstPOTUSever  #GOPAREHYPOCRITES 
#scaredPOTUS

Great rally! Great visit!
Did you go to FLINT MICHIGAN? OF COURSE NOT BECAUSE YOU MIGHT HAVE TO FIX THEIR POLLUTED WATER PROBLEM. THOSE FOOLS IN WASHINGTON MICHIGAN DHOULF HAVE CONFRONTED YOU ON IT
You're a pussy for not going to the big dinner.  What a joke!
Did you do anything about the water in Michigan?
Loved the rally! So sweet they were chanting “Nobel , Nobel “!! You deserve it %!! I love that when someone asked you about the Nobel Peace Prize, you replied “Peace is the Prize”!! Beautifully said President Trump We love you
The people outside were protesting!
Thank you for Making Amarica Great Again Mr President!
I’m sure you noticed the tepid response to your comments about Guest farm Workers. Let Americans have those jobs, particularly recent grads who want to pay off debt. Start an apprentice program where Americans can work on farms, contribute to the rural economy & work off debt.
We are looking forward to your return! Maybe we can get in the building next time.  Perhaps a larger building. Although it seems every time we get a larger building we still have the same problem. Maybe when the tickets are given they can have seat rows and numbers.
Or maybe you need new glasses!!!!!
Thank you for coming to our state sir, it is awesome to finally have a president that cares about US, PATRIOTS... cherish every day, 8yrs will just fly by for US, oh and the winning will be EPIC!

TRUMP TRAIN 2020!!!
You were so down-to -earth like when you were campaigning!!  A joy to watch and listen to.  
Me& my family were there!We loved music& having screen to watch.All of us outside didn't make it in the building but it was fun nevertheless! There were very few protesters. We watched as the riot Squad arrived across the field Marching In Time To The Music.
Makes me nauseous to see this happening in what used to be a reasonable state. It no longer seems to belong to the U.S. and the average IS seems to have dropped about 30 points. Michigan folks would NEVER have fallen for this horse crap salesmen during my youth!
Says the person living in the worse state out of 50
I don't live in any of the Southern states or any of the Stupid States. I get up in the morning & can decide to see the ocean or go skiing. It never freezes, there are no mosquitoes or snakes.Cost of living IS terrible, but every perfect place is like that. 15 min from home.
Lol...Calfornia is listed as state with the worse economy. Good luck with that. 
In YOUR reading material, I guess. They tell you things like that to keep you folks right where you are and voting for the economic criminals. Economists are in complete agreement that this administration is bankrupting the nation and worsening life for the majority, esp. Workers

I double-dog dare you to look up any of the info...and then look for a more appropriate meme. I guess you enjoy life in a state that no longer even qualifies as employing "democratic processes in government", due to rampant corruption and gerrymandering. So leaving America is OK?
Mr. president please keep the ppl trying to cross our boarder, out of the US. Thank you. We need to start arresting the democrats, show them who’s boss, we the ppl have had it.
Lol! Awe did I hurt your little feelings, liberals have become the most un American ppl in this country, if you don’t like it here, then leave, it’s that simple. Learn how to love, not hate, that’s all you libs are about is hate. Miserable ppl, try to be happy today! 
Yea, I bet it was full of love... love for weiners.
#donaldeatsweiners
No,...that was Huma and Hillary.
トランプはちんちんが大好き
Bussing all those phony supporters in must be costing someone a fortune....
LoL YEA AND IM WONDER WOMAN!! YOU Said THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE,PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING IT WAS HUNDREDS,HUNDREDS! I GUESS YOU FLUNKED MATH BY YOUR PAST EXPERIENCE WE CAN TELL ,7 BANKRUPCIES, MONEY LAUNDERING, STEALING OUR TAX DOLLARS! YEAH!
Exaggerating is one of Trump’s qualities
oh please nobody couldn’t get in, just another lie to feed your narcissism aka your mental illness.
A Trump only cherishes Trump....
#MAGA is about: making Trump greater again.
#2tongueTrump
Analysis | Trump went to Michigan and didn’t talk about Flint
Knowledge???  Ahhahahahahahaha IQ of trumpsters averages 65 per person...knowledge comes from BOOKS, you need to be able and willing to read
Good Afternoon Mr. President keep up the good work.
Chickened out of the Correspondent's dinner? Afraid of the big bad Ms.Wolf?

I am a Republican and I WILL NOT BE VOTING FOR ANOTHER REPUBLICAN, my VOTE WILL be GOING TO THE DEMOCRATS.....
Sorry, someone who was there told me it was only one fifth full, Fake News?
We love you Mr. President just like the gentleman in the crowd yelled out!
Nothing compared to the enthusiasm, knowledge and love OUTSIDE. And they WILL be back...
#LiarInChief
You're one and done
I’m sure all 4K of your base will be happy
There was no love in that room just propaganda and the usual Trump bS!
You still have my support Mr. President but please Repeal Obamacare and Build that Wall. Also hire more border patrol agents and immigration processors, the wait time for visas is years! Fire all federal HR directors, they only hire by party affiliation.
fake news, there were  not thousands that could not get in.
You only cherish money... and yourself

He loves the uneducated poor! He loves you!

Fake news US sold UK embassy for 250mil, it wasn’t even owned by USA, it was leased from UK government. Trump only tells lies. Trouble is his dumb supporters believe every lie he tells.
Don’t. You’ve polluted the air in this state enough
If they didn't get in, they didn't want in.
.there were plenty of empty seats...
Did you pay a visit to Flint?  Here’s a hint, #dontdrinkthewater


Oh God you’ve totally lost it! Your mind I mean... but your EXTREMELY oversized ego is still intact!
I watched online because I am far away...absolutely super speech.  You are so down-to-earth!!  I support you and think you are great!! 
You are such an egotist! Most corrupt leader this country has ever had since King George. And I believe you may be worse than him.
John Jones, apparently you are neither American nor Christian, for as Obama did not know there are 50 states, you think we have kings.
Very special having the president ride buy your house. He gave my wife and I a wave and thumbs up.

Flint still does not have safe drinking water, and you tDump are a real embarrassment.
1.) " 'I know things about the senator I can say, too. If I said them, he would never be elected again.' What  are the things? If Trump truly does know something, wouldn't it be in  the best interests of Montanans to know it before they vote this fall? "
Nobel!
That's your hallmark is the Patriot Unionship , keep it up , full steam ahead.
Couldn't? Or didn't want to?
Was it the best campaign speech ever in the history of the universe ever??
President Trump so gracious
You cherish NO one and NOTHING except TRUMP!

Most of us in Michigan are unimpressed with you
Am I the only one who noticed how red Trump's face was during this rally ?????? did he overdue it in the tanning booth ???? jeeeeesh scary Donnie ! #WorstPresidentEver #ResignTrump #MuellerIsComingForYou
the only enemy of the people is @realDonaldTrump
On our dime....
Work hard!work time doesn't allow you to use twitter!
In other news, Flint Michigan STILL has poisonous water...
Pay attention to Flint Michigan! Stop patting yourself on the back. Get to work. Stop golfing. Work for positive change for those in America who are suffering. November blue wave is coming.
On behalf of Michigan, no thanks. We don't want you here. #NotMyPresident
We’ll just start calling you “FAKE DONALD”
Did you happen to stop in Flint for a glass of water?
You mean the “protesters” that couldn’t get in don’t you?
Love them like this?
I'm dying at the legs. 
Right! 
Does Flint have water?
Thats a question for our BS governor.
That question should be a top story ever night.
And to the thousands more who stayed as far away as possible, I cherish you. #Resist
Be careful Donald. Those haters will crucify you in the end.
After your claims about your inauguration size I'm not inclined to believe you when you cite crowd sizes. Reminds me of the story of the boy who was a lying asshat.
Wow we love you mr president Trump
Great rally President Trump!
We all know how much you love your circle jerks.
好好工作，上班不允许刷推特！
That’s what happens when you pay people to attend and pretend.
I’m sure the “love” was unreal!
Michiganders LOVE Trump!
Get rid of Tester now  he is  anti-VA choice
OH NO.... WHAT DID WE DO WRONG TO DESERVE YOU BACK
Good morning America WE THE PEOPLE 1 NATION UNDER GOD -GOV BY THE PEOPLE 4 THE PEOPLE 4 Justice, Defense 4 ea American Life Liberty USA SOVEREIGNTY bow n grateful  2GOD 2protect r sweet & guide r legitimately elected Pres Trump 24/7 
Tks mr donald trump...i.am from bali ..warm greeting from bali
We love you Mr. President! We the patriots and the electorate want you back. Thank You for your many personal sacrifices and the prosperity you are returning to our country. Haters love hating...let them. They're insignificant now anyways. #MAGA
OMG gawwwwd
You only love your money. How would you know about love? 
In the end, however, I agree with you: it was unreal 
There's #love at a #trump event?...
Why don’t you visit Flint! Have a cup of tea!
Awesome!
Those are called protesters you bafoon #arrogantblowhole
lol just 3 thousand people
My nephew @JakePutala was present!!  Thank you Mr. President for all the hard work you do!
Love of yourself
Great decisions to avoid Democrats Mr. president. Your time is to valuable to waste in their hateful functions,which are intended only to destroy your agenda. Focus more on RINOs and rid your administration of those MANY back stabbing,self serving, political hacks.

@WhiteHouse @GOP  @BobSMueller @AdamSchiffCA 

on what Rubio says
So we are just to continue ignoring this BS of 45?and his insubordinate staff?
You will be impeached
Wonderful  president
President Trump your are my favorite person  and a great leader,     .
Hope you stopped by Flint for a glass of water.
Operative word here: Unreal
Wonder if you stopped by Flint to grab a glass of water?
#BTSWorldTourInChile 
It’s okay, you don’t have to come back.
Please stay there
Greatest president of all time!  Thank you.
I am a human and still alive I know you have a lot of money and want you to send me some money to my bank account

Great divider
You're so cute when you play self righteous good guy.
What ever happened to working hard for the people? Your ass goes to rallies, because morons come to adore you , so who is paying for all these trips? The same ones in you're cabinet fleecing the people?
Is this another group of people "invited" to YOUR group?  Like in St. Charles Missouri?
Liar. 3k people in a 5 k arena. Everyone with a brain hates you. Resign.
Anyone who thinks that Trump is a great president, just take a look at the civil liberties that have been attacked, the insane idea that a "wall" will keep out drug traffic, that doubling the national deficit & flip-flopping on 100+ aides dismissed in a single year is ok. Nope!
"Knowledge"?

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...
What happened to people who couldn't get in?  Were they some minority from someplace you hate?
I saw a couple hundred empty seats in that room...
Thank God for Selfridge Airbase. Michigan enjoyed your company and we had lots of fun/smiling. Please hurry back because Michigan loves you & we are very thankful/proud for all the hard work you do. President Trump, thanks again for a wonderful fun filled night!
The “knowledge?” Did you just say “knowledge?” 
Mueller is Coming!  Just wait until you see the crowds for your impeachment
Gas prices at a three year high. So much winning. #TrumpResign
Michigan here fire Assistant Attorney General appoint Giuliani make big moves this you dont have to pass through Congress he can investigate the real corruption
Did you burn a cross at the end?
Thank you President Trump for everything that you're doing and thanks for coming to Washington township Michigan to be with all of us that stand with you.
To waste more of our tax money on your relection campaign #Deplorable
Yet all we hear is the Shit from the WHCA....stoking the  ...Reminding us how loathsome the left is.....wonder why we still hate each other....
Attendance figures at Trump’s rally
after seeing absurd figures ex.15,000 inside
20,000 outside!
The venue HOLDS 5,000 MAX!
There’s a Trump TV feed which
shows a FALSIFIED photo of a filled football
stadium identified as last nights Rally!
We love you POTUS45! Thank you for going where we can hear you!!!
I’m sure  you’ll be back as soon as you think of a new way to fleece their pockets!!

