Not everyone on food stamps is unemployed, Donald. I’ve talked to countless voters in Arizona that count on food stamps on top of their hourly job to help put nutritious food on the table for their children each month. Let’s be honest this is not about the shrinking statistics.
EXACTLY!! And let's not even talk about enlisted SOLDIERS who qualify for Food Stamps because they don't make enough to support their families (but Donald wants to use DOD funds for a damn wall)! He needs to wake up!
You must have missed the omnibus bill included the first military pay raise in years.
Oh and by the way, I am a Budget Director for the Federal Govt so it is my job to read the appropriation bill. I am also a veteran and have lots of friends who are still active duty whose soldiers are feeding their families because they receive food stamps.
Your employment is relevant only that you read the omnibus bill and knew the military got a raise. I also am a veteran but when I joined I knew my pay and agreed to take the job. When I wasn't making enough to support a wife and child. Was no food stamps so, I got a 2nd job.
Well, good for you! Um,  the bio, sir. I don’t just read omnibus bills. I’m also an MBA professor and I have my own company. And that is MY choice!! And for some soldiers going in is their way out of horrific circumstances. Uncloud your judgement! Not everyone is you!
I don't care about your resume, it may impress some but I'm not hiring. Yes some people live in horrific circumstances and the military is a way out, but again they choose it. Our military is ALL voluntary and STARTING wages are always low at any job.
No worries, not looking for job. Merely making a point of choice, just as you did. Again, if a person chooses to serve this country for whatever reason, they don’t deserve mediocre pay. 
We finally have a president that gives Americans a hand-UP instead of a hand-OUT!


So does that mean you will amend your Neanderthal budget that cuts the Food Stamp program and replaces it with “food boxes”.
You just kinda took them, though.

"Finally back to work!"  So, your job is now done here.  You are free to exile yourself in whatever country will accept your debt to Russia.
or been droped by the program that is now nearly impossible to be part of
No JACKASS!  It means the # of people who are living in food insecure homes is drastically rising.   Look it up Dotard!.  You are damaging the country and it's people.

I think you mean bringing back white people to the White House. Yes, your bigotry is that obvious.
Thank you Hillary
Managing to almost keep up with your predecessors' record, and still claiming some of his efforts as your own too!

#SoStatesmanlike
The @DNC goal is minimum wage and food stamps. This is a real win for responsible citizens and our country.
The GOAT!!
This is a good moment to remind everyone at @FoxNews that @seanhannity says he spoke with @MichaelCohen212 (the fixer for the #TrumpCrimeSyndicate) about "real estate." 

Real estate, indeed! 
#FireHannity
#HannityLiesMatter
(Thank you, @SethAbramson)

Thank you for all your hard work!
Like you aced statistics At Wharton

What could this possibly mean?
This nation is blessed to have you as President; you are the modern day George Washington. May God Bless you and keep you in his care
Cutting social services doesn’t count Donald
Yes it does.
why? because you suddenly have more money today than you did when those services applied?
Because when you work you have the satisfaction of putting your own food on the table. I would never trust someone like you to sell my house! #LowestUnemploymentForMinoritiesEver
What if you can't find work, or you're sick? And don't worry, I wouldn't want to work with you either
they wont understand what it is like to be disabled until it happens to them. and it can happen in one second-
Here's a great stat: the hero that stopped the mass shooting at #WaffleHouse in Tennessee, #JamesShawJr, has raised over $37,000 for the victims of the shooting, all of whom you have yet to acknowledge. 

#SayTheirNames #TaureanSanderlin #JoePerez #DeEbonyGroves #AkilahDaSilva
37K and counting!
in 21 HOURS
https://www.gofundme.com/5g07bvs 

what's funny is the legal defense fund for trump's atty michael cohen has only received 2 donations in 13 days!
Thanks for the link, Debi! I knew I forgot something.
there IS also a fund for money to go TO #JamesShawJr, "Unlikely Hero"

fyi

in 1 day, it exceeded it's goal

i say we push that link too, to reward such a wonderful, heroic man
I agree with that a hundred percent. What better thanks than to give him the opportunity to celebrate life with the people that he loves?
although i wouldn't put it past him to donate (at least a portion of) the money 
TO CHARITY ! ! !
Conversely, your administration may be declining more applications for people based on technicalities or sheer lack of concern for the livelihood of others.

Mueller is ashamed of himself, he’s trying to find a way out that doesn’t make him look bad

He’s a smart cleaver man, he knows Hillary’s Cabal are Toast
Looks like no one cares about what you say Rusbot...
Is that all you guys have to say Russian Bot? Boring
BUILD A WALL. Stop the obstructionists. Make MAGA not war!!!
Keep jobs in America. Make trade deals fair.
BUY AMERICAN made products.
Be proud to be an American because it's the GREATEST PLACE ON EARTH.
His own products are made in China, genius.
Trump may have made products in China IN THE PAST but that was because OBAMA made it easier for him to do so. That's why it's so awesome to have him running our country. Truth always wins out over evil. Watch out 'bama!
Do you even believe your own nonsense?
You guys are so UN-patriotic (and a waste of time).
Why wouldn't you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN?
What are you folks resisting?
Jobs? More women and people of color employed? Bonuses? Raises? Easier Taxes? Safer borders? Better trade deals? No nukes?
If you truly believe that Trump is going to make all of that happen, you are so lost in your delusions that you are beyond help. I feel sorry for you.
Thank you Obama, for your excellent leadership on this couldn’t have been done without it.
Who’s forcing them? A more thoughtful person might say unfortunately needing food stamps. But that would have assumed you can think.
Thanks Obama!
From your cuts & bigotry. FS were down 1.9 mil 2015-16. Now, LEGAL immigrants cancel w/deportation fears. U Cut states w high unemployment, which was LOWEST when OBAMA left, 4%, same now!! You’ve done jack shit & take credit. You’re a fraud. You deserve what’s coming...
Here's a great stat...since November of 2016, I have been in a severe depression.
Did that big meanie Trump make you go back to work to pay for your own things? Sounds like someone needs a safe space, some crayons and maybe a puppy or two.
So..lol..when did I attack you on a personal level?? Is that the only go-to that Trump people have?
If your personal happiness hinges on the outcome of an election, you are doing something terribly wrong. Trust me, I can't stand Obama or that pig of a wife of his. But I didn't spend my 8 unhappy as a person.
Again, a personal attack. Why? Why is she a pig??
Wonderful Michelle, wasn't proud of her country until her husband was elected. Then as soon as he was leaving office she had no hope for it. Oh, and women that voted against Hillary in 2016 voted against themselves. Why not when women voted against her in the 2008 primary?
When will you go to work and stop golfing?
Probably just starving & in hiding. Good thing your greasy food supply never ends.
Thank you Obama!
Because you’ve made it more difficult to qualify, has nothing to do with fewer people in need.
Work doesn't equate to people being fed. Your failure to understand basic economics, a living wage, or hunger in the country you lead is staggering.
OR, are there 1.9 Million PP Dead??? Just saying.
TRUMP IS A CON MAN

@NurseDrama We all know that Democrat Presidents always have 2 come in & clean up Rethugs' pathetic messes. 
#VoteBlueForever
When you say messes you must be referring to the free shit you get from the government that republicans take away. Free food, free housing, free phones, free medical, gas vouchers, wood vouchers, electricity assistance. We understand you like the government giving you free shit.
Actually I was referring to 9.5% unemployment, a dying auto industry, banking and real estate in total shambles, interest rates and fuel prices soaring out of control. Your memory is shorter than your dick... Run along junior
A real hero. 
You? Not so much.
Yup gotta continue that war on poor people.
Didn’t u cut food stamps?
What about the white national terrorist that killed four people in a Waffle House?!
Still no condolences or comment/tweet..now that's what you call a man of crass.
How about a sincere THANK YOU to #JamesShawJr, who risked his life to  save others from a #DomesticTerrorist at #WaffleHouse? #GunControlNow  #JamesShawIsAHero #JamesShawJrHero
That's cuz it's harder to get food stamps now. They're just going hungry, genius.
My ass is perfect, thanks. Send $10 for photographic proof
You could work for that $10 instead of sitting on Twitter proving my point some more
Having an ass this great is a full time job pal
Post ass let's see whose is better 
Have you tried @untaggr ???
President Obama handed Trump an economy that was close to what economists consider full employment http://cnn.it/2vpLVDI 
President Obama brought us back from the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression caused by the EXACT same policies @POTUS & @GOP are pushing. We #Resist so that @GOP & @POTUS don't do it to us all over again.
Give me the money he got and I'd have gotten us out of debt and the country too   He spent it  like a drunken sailor.
They are running out of Liberal talking points.
Hey where are your thoughts and prayers for us in Toronto?????  Yeah, I thought so....




And I mean - Seriously! You’re the biggest embarrassment to our country in history. Blinded by propaganda, RWNJ rag media, fear, bigotry, greed and vindictiveness! #UgliestAndStupidestPeopleLoveTrump #AllTheBeautifulAndSmartPeopleHateTrump
Hey #MAGA does it make you feel proud knowing that the elderly, disabled, children, & veterans will go hungry? It shouldn't. In fact you should be ashamed that your selfishness will hurt so many. But who cares about them, right? According to this ass, they're losers.
Jesus wept.
I dunno about the others, but the gun ownership one is disengenuous, having the right to own a gun costs no one any money, America isnt going around paying for peoples guns out of tax money are they? Paying for healthcare does cost money
Ah yeah we do pay.  Anytime some uninsured person is rushed to the emergency room with gun shot wounds.
More like, Americans going homeless and starving. The new limitations SNAP is what caused this.
When people get hungry, maybe they’ll actually “stoop” to accepting jobs they previously rejected because they thought they were too good to “flip burgers” etc. #GetAJob #FeedYourself
It's definitely very hard providing for yourself and children, keeping bills paid, etc while working for even less than $15/hr. It's not that people think they're too good. But low wages is just as bad as no wages. Make $8/hr and live in your car if you have one? Still homeless.
But they sure as hell have new Jordans, and that new IPhone X tho don't they?
I don't know why folks keep brining up phones and sneakers. Too many variables to even debate about that. I say, before we start putting people down about their lifestyles, let's get to know all those people's facts first.
I agree. My daughter has worked as many as 3 jobs at a time to support her daughter. She buys clothes from the Thrift store & cheers when lucky to find a brand name. She buys her cell phones refurbed or we give her our old ones. Not everyone out there is a user.
"Forced to use food stamps" really? Forced is your choice word? Or... Maybe, disqualified from the option because poverty guidelines haven't changed since the 70s... And individuals who need assistance/who are on fixed incomes (SSI) no longer meet unrealistic poverty levels?
Shit if anyone believes that they wud believe anything
They'll all moved to Mexico
Requiring people to do community service is what it cut the numbers down. She goes to show you many people can feed themselves they just don't want to go through the aggravation of extra things to do to get free food.
Surely news to all of us that people are “forced” to use food stamps. Do you blame that on the Democrats, @CNN, @WaPo or all three?
#ThanksObama #ThanksObama #ThanksObama #ThanksObama #ThanksObama #ThanksObama #ThanksObama #ThanksObama #ThanksObama #ThanksObama #FuckOffTrump #FuckOffTrump #FuckOffTrump#FuckOffTrump
#FuckOffTrump #FuckOffTrump
#FuckOffTrump #FuckOffTrump
#FuckOffTrump #FuckOffTrump
Since Jan 2017, so the budget & tax plan was put out in 2016.  Wasn't that BHO? Yes! Yes it was! 

And your jobs numbers are lagging!
Thank you Mr. President.  You're doing great things.
You're artificially reducing stats by squeezing the balloon.  Homelessness numbers go up when you cut funding to support low income families.  You should be ashamed of the damage you're doing to the average family.  Make America Smart Again: Dump Trump.
Good job President Trump
OMG, "forced to use food stamps"?? I have no doubt that what this really says is that 1.9 million who used to qualify for & really needed food stamps were forced off the program. Just because they don't get benefits doesn't mean they and their kids aren't hungry.
How do you force Americans that are making 7.25 an hour or nothing at all to go on food stamps?
No you just cut them off
Mr President, you must be joking!? 
Why are any of your citizens forced to use foodstamps? In my country we make sure that everyone have food on their table every day! Taxes are higher, but practically no one! has to go to bed hungry.
No, they are mostly just going hungry because of all the cuts.
I think changing how to qualify and how the program works is making a huge difference!
Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use their brains food is down 1.9 million because of @foxnews. The American people tell me to stop tweeting and golfing, and get back to work!
I'm disabled physically & have bipolar, ptsd, my husband is terminally ill  complete renal failure 2 1/2yrs. Don't qualify for food stamps. Need to meet $10,000 deductable 6mos. Living on just disability.
In 2 yrs we have had to downsize from a condo to a rat, mite infested 500 sq. ft. apt Luckily a very good friends rental came avail 700sq. ft. cottage. Don't have to pay them rent. Still can't pay living expenses, credit cards maxd, $8,000 in med bills after Medicare one 07 car
Many states are dropping the American families and shorting them of stamps because they are transferring the shorted Funds to local Immigrants.This is done when a working person on limited stamps makes $200.00 more in one month extra once.Then that family gets cut for 4 months.

@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @GOP @CNN @ABC @NBCNews @washingtonpost @FoxNews Says who, InfoWars? 
Cutting people off does not mean it was positive.  Their kids may still be hungry because their crappy pay doesnt stretch far enough.
Great job Mr. Trump. The value of work should be mentioned for educational purposes.
Yep thanks get those sorry behinds out working Mr trump
Yes!
Or are starving, which is more likely given your cravenness.
Or starving to death.
You did it Donald

No you are just cutting their food stamps. I know a few people they are starving. It will all come out. Besides your lips are moving so you must be lying
Mr president for you it is deficult. for long time I will ask you to invite me to nice USA . 
not only for visit for live
Good job
Many of them choose to.
No, they were discontinued as so many were caught selling their stamps for more opioids, that little crisis that you are unwilling to do anything about.
OMG! That's really great.
Good work my President!!! Thank you for everything!!!!!
You just don't have a clue do you?
Just because you cut funding, thereby reducing the amount of available help, resulting in lower use...doesn't mean you've done a damn thing.
so much for my big tax cut food is going up fuel has skyrocketed since you got in office interest rates are climbing
Who is "forced" to us food stamps?
Do government goons show up, bang on the door and threaten people to "use food stamps or ELSE?"
“Forced to use good stamps” People who cannot work, ie: disabled physically /mentally since birth or serious accident, often don’t get much $$ 4 unskilled labor. Elders need it, too. Stop shaming food stamps and folks who need them.
Many who need them are ashamed/too proud due to this stigma. Shameful!
Do you suppose that's got something to do with exposing employers like Walmart for their low wages? Seems to me they raised their starting wage out of that exposure. Republicans bitch about people on food stamps but are against raising minimum wage. It doesn't really make sense.
That is wonderful news! So glad to hear. Food stamps are a great resource for short term unemployment and poverty situations not a long term fix.
Nnn
Dear Mr President please continue to loosen the Dodd-Frank Bill and loosen the requirements on Real Estate Appraisers that is tied to this bill. America needs many more appraisers but it’s to long term and drawn out and way to much schooling even for pros. Thank you sir.
Sucks that we have military members that need them
Except, for example, the growing number of homel ss people on skid row, california
Thanks to you sir!!!
Now you have to work on the number of people that choose to use food stamps and relying on my tax dollars to take care of their family.
Is this FAKE NEWS??
Thanks @BarackObama
Big up  Mr  Trump
what a joke you are
Idiocy
Senior on fixed income suffering and the struggle getting harder. We have no voice or support. I  cannot afford cable anymore, please don't forget the senior
Yes you'd love to give poor folks rations of rotton vegetables and shanty tents to sleep in while you enjoy making money off of taxpaying citizens golfing at your properties and eating cheeseburgers. Geat job.
Nobody is forced to use food stamps. It’s a necessity to feed your family
IT
MONEY maker
I like the way you so correctly put it:  FORCED.  Shady Democrats on the loose.
Great job and to all the negative loser comments........it is really fun to read cry baby comments as Thr Trump Express keeps on winning
What?  How can say people are back to work if food stamp applications are down.  Could it mean you and your administration has cut them off?
MAGA！！！
Speaking of stats, the economy is slowing and government spending is up.  SAD
#moron #dotard #POTUS45
Government assistance didn't decline, it was shifted to the rich with the Banana Republican tax cuts.
Eat a deek
That is a big leap there.  No longer forced to use food stamps=America back to work.  But you are not concerned with the details, ever.  #makingshitup
#TRUMPPEACEPRIZE
Let's hear it for the president!!
Mr. Donald Trump, us. we have ever Seen a person of Nazi.... You can not cover the Skype with your hand stained With Blood..... colombia feel the DONALD US. in conjunction with ISRAEL GEnocidas that killed 60 palestinians..this called, eso es terrorismo!
How bout they go to work let me stay home and they pay for http://it.my  trunk goes for Imagrents to no more tax breaks no head start on life bullshit I didn't get one
I don't give a fuck send your federal agents betting they are as weak as you LMFAO at least we can say we've now elected a woman for president. Congratulations on being the first female president you fucking bitch
Did we used to force people to use food stamps?
You are so dumb, it's embarrassing.
What are the stats for the wall?
Awesome, keep going!
We used to work part time, made too much to get help with medical expenses. We stopped working, still make too much. Now penalized for working last yr. Ssdi wont pay medicare prem. Medicare doesn't pay for medications absolutely needed to keep my husband alive or transplant   med
I call BS
When will YOU go back to work?? Stop fucking golfing and get something (not stupid) done
Mr. Donald Trump because you son sorpresas supports and agresión with murderous zionista goverment in promoting terrorism violence, mistreatment of women, lmprisonment and invasion of Palestinian land.
U 4got to say @ the cost of ME and Millions of innocent ppl.
Hey I work in a supermarket lot of ppl shop with food stamps Haha you plan didn’t go very well

Nope, just more people going hungry
Not because of you. Get over yourself.
Are you sure they didn't just starve to death? 
More likely due to deaths from not having healthcare.  We must expand Medicaid to all states.
Here’s a great stat: @realDonaldTrump’s administration has created a LOT of jobs in the legal sector! Many defense attorneys are finally back to work! 
Dumb Donald seems to hire a new lawyer every day!
#Treason
#Corruption
#LockHimUp
Yup they found a better way of getting food, 16$a mth don't cut it.unless sv from Jan to Nov then enuff for turkey!
Use food
Right on his lips what a discracefull spectacle for this land what a joke of a person
Nope, that's not the reason that less people are on welfare, You keep introducing bills that make it almost impossible to get help if some type of tragedy strikes.  Go walk a mile in their shoes before you think you're an expert on poverty.
You can justify anything if you want . Saving money on empty childrens stomachs
And let’s start drug testing these people...not to punish them but to help them stay sober and clean! When you have an addiction the person needs all the support they can get and by doing random drug testing we will be helping them !
The left wants to invade and support illegals and have our struggling middle class pay for it.
Is this in Don’s world?
Not because of him!
Hitler
Me. President, you are a blessing as you were chosen by GOD to lead us. I thank HIM for You. I pray for your health, safety and soul. Thank You
Great POTUS Get them off of welfare and food stamps. Show them in America we work hard to be great, that’s how we will make America great again
That's good
This is great, take all of give away programs especially illegal’s
Let’s stop bs ing the American public we all know we don’t even count the homeless in our census taking or the unemployed but not on public assistance-the autobahn put people back to work to-or a Wall watever..
No they are hungry!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That is another trend started under Obama. You're so good at taking credit for others' success. You're the bigliest and bestest good guy ever in the whole wide worlds.
Mr Trump is there not anything that has been done in DC since you were sworn in that was accomplished has nothing to do with you! Decrease in food stamp folks actually was due to actions by previous leaders! Give us a break as your on the golf course too much to be leading us..
So just by your mere presence in one year you are responsible for taking 1.9M ppl off of food stamps? And not anything the Obama Admin did after 2009 crash? I guess the world began on 1-20-17. You are a legend in your own mind.
What about all the new arrivals at the border that just crossed through Mexico so they can be safe in our country. Safety to them means free food free homes free education. Free everything. When is congress going to get together and do something about this law
Can’t be true, CNN & MSNBC have not reported that fact... oh wait, that’s a good thing right? No wonder they didn’t report it. Trump 2020
U should  send your dogs after the hasidics.  Who fraud  the food stamps
The concept of work is a great thing...We the people R beginning to have some pride again about ourselves...were taught be humble by mind controlled institutions..but sometimes self pride is an excellent virtue 2motivate and rise above gov help to escape trap of mental slavery...
amen bretheren
يا ترمب انت راجل خول وكوريا انت تخاف منها يا خول وانتبه راح يدمرو اجهزة التحكم الامريكية الداخلية للبلاد كس امك يا ترامب
I've been working all my life and it's about time the free loaders get back to work.
Probably because your administration cut them off
