#MAGA #USA

Wondering exactly *WHAT* #ObamaGate is? 

It’s WHY they’re SCARED

…
https://twitter.com/donnawr8/status/989388274950078465?s=21 … #obamagate #MAGA
‘Dirty cop [COMEY] is in deep trouble not only because he was engaged in a CONSPIRACY to ILLEGALLY EXONERATE HRC and then FRAME DONALD TRUMP and #Trump Associates with CRIMES. He has…
#MAGA #MerkelTrump #USA
Congratulations!! #MAGA #USA
#ObamaGate #MerkelTrump
Donna, you post the best memes
Did you mock their disabilities dotard?
He said the athletes were “tough to watch.” So, he found a new way to insult them.
WATCH: During an event with Team USA Olympians and Paralympians at the White House, President Trump said, "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little…
There are not words foul enough to describe this man
Agree Elene. When you think he can’t sink lower, he finds a way.
Sink lower lets analyze that no collusion but hillary and dnc did x Fbi director leaked classified info lies under oath killary was involved in Benghazi, private server and much more sink low enough to destroy evidence and liberals say about sinking low lol
Your analysis (deflection) is so so tired. Try harder, sport.
Its a shame ppl dont hear the truth and it gets tired sink so low a President how help stop a war in the korean peninsula wow how low will democrats go?

Then you are not a US citizen and your thoughts on our President mean nothing.
Pretty sure you're not a US citizen   #RussianBot

The only one here resisting is you.  You may need to rethink who the enemy of the state really is.
Juliana, just climb into your hole at Dutch Wonderland.

A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
1 Peter 2:13-17
Therefore #submit yourselves to every #ordinance of #man for the #Lord’s #sake, whether to the #king as #supreme, or to #governors, as to those who are sent by him for the #punishment of #evildoers and for the #praise of those who do good. For this [1/2]
is the will of #God, that by doing good you may put to #silence the #ignorance of #foolish men— as free, yet not using #liberty as a #cloak for #vice, but as #bondservants of #God. #Honor all #people. Love the #brotherhood. Fear #God. #Honor the #king. [2/2]
You know god doesn't exist yea?
John 4:48
Then #Jesus said to him, “Unless you #people see #signs and #wonders, you will by no #means believe.”
So what signs am i to look for
Well, one sign is you're alive.
The event the majority of American's are hoping for: The Indictment!
please remember to caption your images, it makes twitter more accessible!

I loved the fact that the one guy actually called him our on something he said!
Very cool, GREAT JOB OLYMPIANS! USA!
Best President ever!!! #Trump2020
You had nothing to do with the success of the Olympics. That credit goes to President Moon. It would have been great even if NK didn't attend. But a team and their dignitaries did attend and your VP snubbed them.
His VP is a complete joke! He calls himself a Christian! Pence is as bad as Trump is only in different way. Hopefully when Mueller is finished with the investigation this man will be impeached to! They are both double in trouble! 
Agreed. And he's complicit in everything trump did and is still doing.
The guy never smiles! 
Except when he looks at dotard Donnie, with that look of love on his face.
So funny!
It's funny all the things they said Trump done and all you've got is he's mean and he don't smile and he's stupid and I don't like him and though in calling people names you are the perfect liberal.
Tim go back to grade school can not read a thing you are saying! Also go back inside your trailer and fix up a Spam sandwich!
Winning Olympians Say They Won’t Visit White House For Fear Trump Might Steal Gold
You are not representing just the Presidency, you're representing all Americans. What a disrespectful & shameful thing to say...like he really would do that. I thought you guys were heroes, role models.
nawwwww.
Just plain old whiners who love want 2 see hate spread through USA!
Yey you support your President???

The 425 People, Places and Things Donald Trump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List -
Trump's feebleminded nicknames:
Slippery James Comey
Lyin' Ted
Rocket Man
Little Rocket Man
Little Marco
Sloppy Steve
Crooked Hillary
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
Cryin' Chuck Schumer 
Low Energy Jeb
Failing New York Times
Psycho Joe
Liddle Bob Corker 
Pocahontas
Trump’s Full List of ‘Racist’ Comments About Immigrants, Muslims and Others
Trump’s History of Encouraging Violence
Here's A List Of Countries And Leaders Trump Has Insulted Since His Election | HuffPost
Donald Trump sexism tracker: Every offensive comment in one place
Traitor
Shut it @Dookofurl Bot
You shut it
CNN, NBC, MSNBC..... all fake
Aquí se ve como siembras la paz



So, you're racist.
Good to know.
YOU DUMBA**. THAT WAS A GOP REPORT THAT DIDN'T EVEN LET THE DEMS FINISH THEIR INVESTIGATION. WE'RE NOT DONE. ROBERT MUELLER'S NOT DONE. SUBPOENAS WERE NOT ALLOWED THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN. SO YES, WE KNOW U ARE GUILTY, WE ALSO KNOW THAT U CHEATED TO WIN. WE KNOW WHO DON JR. CALLED..
Says the President who mocked the disabled!!
Becki, he didn't. That was debunked so many times, even MSM had to let it go after a few weeks...but a year and a half later, you still are on it! CLINTON LOST. Grow up and move the hell on. We have elections every four years. Damn.
He we go with the Clinton crap! 
So why did Pence NOT STAND for any other country during the Opening Ceremony in South Korea? Trump and Pence are fools and racists and do not support the Olympic sports and spirt. They're an embarrassment to the USA.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#TheResistance2018 
#BlueWave2018
#Resist
Lean how to spell if are going to try to pretend you are presidential

@realDonaldTrump doesn’t deserve the honor or respect of these great athletes, good call  
Stop it. Athletes do nothing for the people except to bring pride. Who really does something for the US is the President. Stop that bullshit.

You have to be kidding me.
Nope. He's serious...more's the pity.
I thought it was a joke too, till I looked at his acct. people are looney.
Jesus, well-known pussy grabber who flashed his money around, and had an abysmal sense of self-importance and borderline dementia. Oh, he also mocked disabled Roman reporters in front of his Apostles.
Loved that you honored our Olympian’s.   It hows much you love people!  You had a lot of fun with them.  I am American Proud! Great Job Mr President

You mean DJT is not mimicking them like he did the disabled reporter on his meddling campaign
That was addressed in the Comey memos.  He didn't make fun of that reporter.  Are you capable of looking stuff up or are you just a parrot that repeats what it hears?
So you believe the Comey memos now. Good; we're making progress.
Yes I believe his memos.  They proved he wasn't being forced by Trump to do anything.  They also proved Comey leaked information.
Good, then you also believe Trump did tell Comey he did not stay overnight in Moscow in 2013.

Tic tock
shame on both of u

Shame on you for misleading the public.
Donald Trump said something nice. The world is ending
When Kevin? I must of missed something. Hmmm
He congratulated our Olympians!! Rare. I know
Nothing was nice about it. He said it was hard to watch them. That's a slap in the face not just to the disabled but to every severely injured vet that's worked hard to recover their sacrifices to our nation. .
He is probably the most unapologetic person in the whole world! He will not apologize for anything he has done! I don’t think he knows what the word means. 


You must be a homophobic racist.  You don't think black people can think and express their own thoughts.

Today, on behalf of everyone in the USA, especially our wounded servicemen/women, we're glad your sheister "DOC" won't be in charge of the VA.
But he will be loads of fun in moscow
Your comment that the Paralympics were “tough to watch” is one of the most vile and disgusting things I have ever heard. I hope @TeamUSA will call you out for your horrible disrespect. American paralympians are examples of America at its finest; you, at its worst.
But it was too hard to watch?
What the everlasting fuck is wrong with you?

#TrumpResign
Get Rid of the Chemical and Biological Weapons and EU-NATO-UK-US-Israel, per OPCW!

http://21stcenturywire.com/2018/03/28/revealed-pentagons-70-million-chemical-biological-program-at-porton-down-in-uk/ …
CAUSES OF
HYDROCEPHALUS

Cerebrospinal fluid, or CSF, carries nutrients to the brain and acts as a protective fluid buffer. If the circulation of CSF is blocked for some reason, or ......

Know the full causes....
USA 
You realize they were all there to see the building, not the tangerine nightmare who lives  there... right?

Representing America the way that it should be...
Yet you are cutting the very programs designed to help those disabled Paralympians?
No way you wrote this.
While I approve of this message, do not ever say you speak on my behalf again. You do not.
He does half he American people
@Scaramucci bot. Reported
"I disagree there for your a bot"
That Russian to English translator doesn’t work very well. 
Therefore*
Was it really hard to watch them on TV?

The way @potus cringed and said “it was tough to watch” made the world blush that a US President could be so insensitive to these brave athletes who have risen above loss of limb to show strength and determination through competitive sport. @realDonaldTrump is a disgrace!
We love YOU President Trump and THANK YOU for making America GREAT again!!!!! I'm buying one of your hats. I think your AMAZING and oh how you have battled FOR US!!!
Unless you're disabled, or black, or a woman but yes let's go with 'all of us'
Did you honor any tennis players today? 
Jerome Corsi Live Stream #QAnon

https://youtu.be/rsuHrGqV36U 
Mmmm.....wondering where the female athletes change room is aren’t you big guy?

So your school teacher no wonder our kids are so messed up

in the last days there will be a difficult period.
Men will become selfish, covetous, boastful, arrogant, rebellious to parents, unthankful, evil,
desolate, unfaithful, slanderers, fornicators, cruel, enemies of the good,
traitors, insolent, blind of pride, friends of pleasures
They don't like you either!
Kudos to our young athlete heroes!
I have a dream! In the dream, the "People’s Posse" makes a citizen's arrest of McConnell, Nunes, and Ryan for Obstruction of Justice; Carson, Pruitt, and Zink for subornation and willful receipt of bribes; and Pence and Trump for Obstruction of Justice, bribetaking, and treason.
Tonight. 9 p.m. Richard Engel's show about the Kremlin-linked Russian spy @DonaldJTrumpJr met with in Trump Tower. Be sure to tune in, traitor. #MSNBC #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
Hard to watch them?
I'm sure the Paralympians remember how you mocked a reporter with disabilities.
Mr Trump. It has reached a stage where people(who think) automatically believe the opposite of what you say. You congratulate Paralympians? Didn’t you very publicly mock a disabled reporter? We know your true values. You are a sham, entirely.
Trump's "Mini-Me" (Nunes missing in the pic) @JackieFarnham
You did not write that tweet.....
Most presidents don't write their own tweets, usually staff members
Tough to watch? President Buffoon is tough to watch!! Actually IMPOSSIBLE to watch. #WorstPresidentEver #MostStupidPresidentEver #BiggestLiarEver
#MAGA
10:00 on a Friday night and @realDonaldTrump is tweeting “Witch Hunt!”

This. Isn’t. How. Innocent. People. Act.
#YouAreFucked                                    Even @foxandfriends knows it.
It’s Being Reported That A Russian NRA Member Is Being Investigated, For Trying To Set Up A Backdoor Channel To Russia & For Funneling Money To The Trump Campaign! Hmm, Maybe That’s How The NRA Donated 30 Million, To The Trump Campaign! It Will ALL Come Out, Soon!

How much do those slick, self-serving videos cost the taxpayers? There seem to be about 5 per week.
Pare de falar bobagem. Onde há um presidente de um país que trabalha para o povo gratuitamente? Feche a boca e use mais o seu cérebro. Se você não merece, envie para nós no Brasil que queremos e vamos honrá-lo. Que Deus repreenda todos os maléficos..
He does not work for free,he's fooling the world. He makes more money off his businesses being president then the little salary he would collect. It's a sham. He's a con artist!
What exactly made it “tough to watch” Paralympic athletes?
WATCH: During an event with Team USA Olympians and Paralympians at the White House, President Trump said, "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little…
They don’t meet BLOATUS’ standard of perfection.

The same ones you found “tough to watch?” You are just an awful person.
“Only the mob takes the Fifth.”



Go to Rep. Adam Schiff's twitter page. Time to BURN that WITCH!
Why do you stupidly begin a sentence with the word “so”? It seems childish and unprofessional.  I thought you went to the best schools, David Dennison!  Sleep well!
Who but a thug has AKAs like Trump?

"It was difficult to watch" that's how the majority of us feel about your presidency. You lack of empathy for people with special needs is disgusting;then again everything about you is disgusting. #IMPOTUS
The sight and sound of Trump creates a physical revulsion in me; tough to watch is an understatement. He’s devoid of empathy or humanity and truly is #IMPOTUS .Trump is intolerant of diversity in any form.
REALLY?????
Exactly
"What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could." (Donald Trump)
No CAPS? 

We know you didn't compose this.
Trump couldn’t even get a participation trophy in the buy your wife a birthday present event
The paralympians trump found hard to watch?
Are you also congratulating all of the Olympians who refused to tarnish their medals and refused to be seen with you at the @WhiteHouse?
“... it’s a little tough to watch ...” -a sad little man
Where's the part where you say Paralympians competing is "a little hard to watch"?

The world thinks you are hard to watch. Excruciating.
CNN: “Fifteen months after storming into Washington’s ‘swamp’, more than a few high-ranking tRump administration officials have been caught lazing, spa-style, in its gooey waters.” #GooeySwamp
Kanya West, Candis Owens, and President Trump together making and breaking Pop Culture history!  This is pure excitement!  Game changer.


TRUMP (talking about Paralympians): It's a little tough to watch, but I watched as much as I could.

Imagine losing your legs then fighting your way to the…
This is hard to watch
Why didn't your #bonespurs qualify you to be part of the Paralympian squad?  #teamUSA
I would like to congratulate every Olympian that declined to visit the white house.
Welp! OBAMA...HILLARY and of course we know who the Joker ended up being  #MAGAFail #TheResistance #Resist #Resistance #FBRParty #FBR #LockHimUp #TrumpMeltdown #TrumpTowerMeeting #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded #TraitorTrump #MAGA #MAGAts #Trumptards #Trump #WWEGRR #oldheadshotday
Sean Hannity, The Cheetos Best Bro, loved the HOUSING CRASH. Made BIGLY MONEY

Middle Class lost Homes & Equity for Retirement, while Hannity was buying their homes for pennies on dollar & becoming Mega Rich

THIS IS THE MAN THAT TRUMP SUPPORTERS & FOX NEWS LISTENERS WORSHIP
As though participating in the capitalistic exercise of buy low/sell high is somehow an unacceptable practice in America??? The premise you spout, if true, only clearly shows Sean's investment savvy. Sean Hannity is not personally responsible for people losing their homes.
Except the Paralympians... 45 is repulsed by them. Can you imagine how grotesque he finds Special Olympians?
This is my grandson at his Special Olympics event! He’s Autistic but that doesn’t stop him! I thought of him when I read Trump’s vile and heartless comments. #differentnotless
He's gorgeous!!
mr president how can we make good honest peace as our usa were we as a country and a world can work together to make peace as real peacemakers and patriots to the peace we all can learn about and share the great education of peace that we can make any where in life
So once again 45 embarrasses himself with callous and crude comments.  What a bigot!
Americans Love President Trump!
A man of his word.
Thank You for all that you do & what you have to put up with.
We love our beautiful First Lady Melania. #FLOTUSBirthday
Also, what a chance for some more grandstanding, politics, and self admiration, huh?
And now we would like to announce we have cut your funding so we can help pay for our tax scam
Trump you said that people called Jackson names and said things about him that wasn't true and then it was really mean and terrible isn't that what you've been doing for the past 2 years I mean aren't you the example that's being set that's really rich Trump really really rich
But it was hard to watch those disabled ones, yes?
U think it was tough to watch the Paralympics eh Donald? THIS was tough to watch.
Yet you thought it was ok to do this...

Funny how a great deal of the Olympians do Not want to meet you.
So today, on behalf of the United States, I want to say "Trump is a moron!"
Do you know who James Shaw jr is just asking
This is who you are...sick, depraved , without a soul.....and most certainly not worthy of the title you hold , temporarily
Paralympic Games

@Paralympics
 Record numbers around the world are not finding @Paralympics tough to watch. Billions of viewers now take in the Paralympics in hundreds of countries around the world.  We hope the US President continues to watch and be inspired by the Paralympi
Love ENVIRONMENT with INCOME. FRANCHISE VILLA/RESORT : 1. IMPLEMENTATION VARIOUS SUSTAINABLE ENERGY 2. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRYCULTURE GARDEN 3. ADVANTAGEOUS OF RAIN WATER FOR MULTY FUCNTION 4. GARDEN FOREST FOR PAPER MATERIALS & OTHERS. BEP 6 YEARS ONLY as Property @Ir_Sarwono @FLOTUS
This nice post is to divert attention from the Russian Spy Woman Trump Jr met with.

Trump is NOT "nice". #DonaldTrumpMeanSpirited

He fires people with glee. Is known for firings.
People quit all of the time because of his abuse.
He publicly lies 6 times a DAY. #LyingDonaldTrump
You had trouble watching them?  We have trouble watching you.
Nice job insulting the Paralympic athletes by telling them they are tough to watch. You are tough to watch all the time.
Trump today - "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible & so inspiring to me. And I watched - it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could."  

Why is it tough to watch the disabled - you don't even know when you insult somebody anymore. SAD
I find YOU difficult to watch AND listen to ALL the time. Your mouth is disabled.
Too bad those amazing/courageous athletes were so tough for you to watch. Your bigotry is limitless.
Don’t pretend for one minute that you really care about these amazing individuals and their achievements. They certainly have more stamina than you will ever have!
Even though you said you can’t bear to watch too much of it....?
Yeah, it’s awesome! Too bad the president disrespected all the Paralympians.

French first lady Brigitte Macron told Parisians why she pities Melania Trump: report
-We pity her too.
 https://www.rawstory.com/2018/04/french-first-lady-brigitte-macron-told-parisians-pities-melania-trump-report/ … #SmartNews
Seems a little disingenuous after this.
What kind of pig would say "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring  to me. And I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I  watched as much as I could."? #NotMyPresident



Idk if it is just me but i cant see one black person there and ik there is one on the team
You, @potus, need to get a clue about showing respect to persons w/ physical challenges - news reporter & now paralympics. They are heroes. But you mock persons transcending physical impairment, & find them "tough" to watch. YOU are pathetic excuse for presid. Vote Dem #resist
@potus, when @Whitehouse & @PressSec filter your releases, they come-off much better. Did you know that big parts of America find it embarassing listening to you trying to put a sentence together, & cringe watching you deal w/ foreign dignitaries. Read a book or something #resist
Even though he could barely watch?? #WORSTpresidentEVER
He only respects “perfection” even when nipped,tucked, pulled and full of silicone
It was lovely to see the President of the United States greet the Olympians so personally, and allow so many of them to come up to the podium and speak.  What a beautiful, meaningful and once in a lifetime experience for them!  President Trump, you are simply wonderful!
You’re not an American if you attended this ceremony. You’re enabling a Russian-installed fraud and criminal, while you take selfies and act like this man isn’t causing mass suffering in your country.
They are very much Americans but willfully complicit and enabling the suffering of other Americans along with the destruction of our environment. Some people just don’t care as long as they get what they want.

Yet you insulted the paralympians. You really are a POS. Why was it" hard to watch & you only watched a  little. These athletes are inspiring and you're disgusting as always
Even the no shows?
I'm Korean. Please help North Korea and South Korea unify. If South and North Korea unify, Trump, you are a great man.
Congrats!
Trump esta' tratando de que el mundo se una sin terrorismo
Can you say the rest of what he said, like it's hard to watch these handicapped folks
Go on...

Tell us what you really think off-script.  Oh, you will? Lovely!
Glad loser Lindsey Vonn wasn't there, we didn't need  her to win a gold medal (good thing) to represent the True American Patriots.

Yes Congratulations ta all of the olympians way to go team America
FUCKYOU.
Trump/Russia conspiracy Treason Obstruction of justice
“Tough to watch” you said. Despicable deplorable person.
When is the government going to admit they invented http://Ancestry.com 
Good job @teamUSA
Greatest Team In the World. Greatest President in the World. Team USA PRESIDENT TRUMP - GREATEST
@realDonaldTrump You know what's truly "tough to watch"? Your craven, soulless, depravity ... Every. Damn. Day.
#StopTheWitchHunt #TakeDownDeepState #WeSupportTrump 
#Qanon #WeThePeople #GodBlessAmerica #GodBlessPresidentTrump #ComeyForPrison #SaveTheChildren #ReleaseTheTexts #GodWillWin #ReleaseJFKfiles
What about that brave man who saved the diners in the Waffle House?
As reported by The Klein News Agency:
Narrator: Then, as the ceremony concluded and the guests departed, Mr. Trump schlepped, with an oaf-like gait, back into the White House, and proceeded to the Oval Office where he entertained staff members with physical mocking's of the recipient's handicaps.
Trump on watching the oaralympics.
“It’s a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could.” This is the same man that mocked a disabled reporter. Trump, you are the lowest form of human life and the country is ashamed of you.
And yes it is hard to watch and imagine what this person and their families have gone through, but it is wonderful to see what they have achieved also. We only wish the best for all
@realDonaldTrump @DevinNunes @TGowdySC @Jim_Jordan @RepDeSantis @mattgaetz @ChuckGrassley  @SenatorLankford @GOPLeader @RepMarkMeadows @RepRooney @SteveScalise @RepGoodlatte
.@realDonaldTrump and .@GOP Why do you hate poor people?
#MAGA
#POTUS,#QAnon,#MAGA 
After I voiced my support for Kayne West look what happened to me.I had to verify I was not a bot.Are you kidding me  lol.
Twitter seems to have an agenda.
Yea they do not care what we think as long as you don't speak the truth. But if they block me I will expose them
Donald - with all your medical problems that got you out of serving for your country you probably could qualify as a paralympian! You definitely are qualified for the special olympics!
I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could.
tRump thinks he could have been an #Olympian if he had been born with a #spine He is good @ throwing people under the bus!
Why does the president have discomfort watching the Paralympic events? Disgraceful.
And further more my grandfather was deported when he came over to America he wanted to be an American so bad he learned English started a business got his citizenship. And worked very hard for this country he was proud to have the opportunity to come backand become An American
Respect to everyone who chose not to meet w you
@DonaldJTrumpJr
MR TRUMP PLEASE SIR STOP THE SPRAYING OF CHEMICALS ON US PLEASE WE DON’T WANT CHEMTRAILS PLEASE SIR AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The best !! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump.  Stay on track moving forward and doing the right thing.
While I can appreciate the WH shout out to all of our Olympic and especially Paralympic athletes.....I am still dismayed that he has not said one damn thing about James Shaw, a true American HERO!! Shame on you, “Mr President”. A real leader would have
Yes, I particularly liked the part where you said the Paralympics were "incredible" and "inspiring"... then just HAD to add: "And I watched--it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could."
Algum deles já ganhou a Libertadores?
Thank you Mr. President for honoring ALL of Team USA!  Even those that put their politics above their country.  #MAGA
It's also hard to watch you!!  What you said was so moronic!!
Awesome man, this is great! Go @TeamUSA
Were all of the participants Americans?
Its so hard u
THIS IS SO AWESOME TO WATCH IN PROUD TO SEE THESE BEAUTIFUL OLYMPIANS AND  @TeamUSA  I AM  PROUD OF MY PRESIDENT AND THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Your comments today about the Paralympics were a nauseating look into your “soul.” I’d say you should be ashamed of yourself, but we all know narcissists are incapable of that emotion, so I’ll just say “fuck you” and leave it at that.
USA team is full of "drug" users... WORLD TOP SECRET
You didn't  bow to any Kings of Arabia,, you didn't whisper to Putin "It Will Be Easier For Me After The Election" and you didn't give an apology tour when you won the election. You are the only President to take on the Dictator of N. Korea. Thank you President Trump
Come on white house, finish the speech. You know, the part where he says it was hard to watch the Paralympics. #nationalembarrassment #TrumpResign
Except that you said you found it hard to watch the Paralympians.  You are fu*king disgusting.
I AM LIBERIAN
USA! USA! USA!
大統領様おはようございます。スポーツバカは、一般社会を理解できない。
You are a real piece of work, it was hard for you to walk ch these athletes?  You do not deserve to be a part of their celebrations.
