KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
@HillaryClinton didn’t know a “C” classification meant classified so I’m sure Comey suffers from the same thing
Time to throw down the card.
You mean ignore the good news and positive things Trump is doing watch FAKE NEWS and pretend Hillary never did anything wrong. That's called stupidity
And Trump has done anything wrong? He has more baggage than anyone who has been president. If I watch Fox it is only the real news by Shep Smith. Try doing some fact checking http://www.snopes.com  on what your dear leader says. You might want to look up some of the BS about HRC
Snopes is funded by Soros and liberal parties. So I wouldn’t trust them on anything political
You know when you start screaming Soros, you lost the argument.
Really? Soros has funded BLM and numerous anti-Trump rallies. So when he is involved there is nothing but hatred. There is never an idea of working together to solve a problem.

What have you done for our Country lately @loiter? Do something positive or say nothing at all. Liberals please stop crying!
Get lost.
Try some love, not hate. Not healthy
Lol..sure thing, crazy eyes.
#Cult45
*You're* 
#MAGAt
May I ask ? How many years it take you to get so stupid, lol
"He's either very sick or very dumb," is a very apt description of your legacy, Mr. President.

lying leaker or leaking liar????   duhhhhhh
If Comey's memos are all lies, as you have claimed, how can they be classified?
Because of words.
Sailor who? Sailor Moon?
You sure gaslight the legal process for a man that is completely without blame.Nixon maintained his innocence when he fired all his accusers
I’ll tell you this: Nobody believes a word you say. Especially when you spread disinformation like this in order to deflect from your own treason. Sad.
AGAIN, the information released by Comey was NOT classified until AFTER it was released. It was RETROACTIVELY classified.
Doesn’t that violate the constitutional prohibition on ex post facto?
Here you go again this is not truth-stop tweeting and spouting lies. You do not dictate to ANY investigations in the Justice Department and you better not stick your fingers in there or you’re going to pull back a stub. Efforts by you to influence the Justice Dept is obstruction
Russian attorney Veselnikskaya who met with @DonaldJTrumpJr & others at TT was a SPY! She has recanted her sworn testimony!  #RussiaGate
Leaking classified intel? That is exactly what #Trump did to his Russian buddies IN THE OVAL OFFICE, pissing off Israeli intel & compromising the good guys helping us fight ISIS. 

The BS flowing from every @potus orifice is sick. He’s drowning in his own swamp.

#FridayFeeling
DJT, you really should have paid attention in school. Sorry that you don't know how to be prez. Please throw your phone into the toilet. Flush and repeat. And resign.
Seriously you preach about lying!! Pot and kettle spring to mind!
Even Fox realizes you've gone over the edge. SAD.
Was not classified and you 10000% know it. If it had been classified GOP would be out for blood. Comey also had the authority to classify the memos one b/c that was his job and two b/c they were his memos. Not everyone believes BUT the majority does to answer your question.
...and here is a guy who in all likelyhood soon will be shown on video being peed on by hookers. But yeah, he seems credible.
How can you call someone a liar?  You serve only yourself and you lie daily. On national TV you asked Russia to help you get the missing Clinton docs encouraging a foreign adversary to commit espionage.  How dare you cast stones at people who serve our nation honorably.
Thanks for the shout out !!!!!
Oh my, perhaps Dr. Ronny could give you some of those settle down pills. If not for you, then for us.

#DemandAVote
eae @realDonaldTrump manda um hi quebrada ae from Brazil!

#CloseWithAmericano
Dude. Your projection is showing again. "...very sick or very dumb" describes you to a T. You really ought to give up the twitter. Also? You're lying about it being classified. But then, you always lie, so it's no surprise.
You calling anybody a liar is so you.
Comey is an honorable man and you are a lying psychopath!
You mean the information that was later classified after the fact? #trumpisfat
He thinks a leak is a plumbing prob
Have you ever noticed how you eventually end up being enemies with everyone you meet? Why is that?
Brett Baer had him on the ropes and hardly scratched the surface of his crimes. Comey had fear in his eyes with Baer questions and  Baers challenges of his BS answers. The American ppl demand treacherous actors in DC be punished. All of them.
You pardoned Scooter Libby,Since when do you care about ANYTHING "classified"
Well..
The good news is we BOTH agree...SOMETHING is attacking America.
The Bad News?
The majority is pretty Damn sure it's you....
#TrumpRussia #ObstructionOfJustice #MoneyLaundering #TrumpJrColluded #StormyDaniels #OneHundredAndThirtyThousand #Indictments #GoldenShowers #June2016TrumpTowerMeeting #Collusion #LockThemUp
#TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump #TraitorTrump
Actually he very specifically defined what a leak is. He didn't release classified information w/o authorization, He told a friend how his day at the office went. You asking him for loyalty & to end a criminal investigation of Flynn is not entitled to be hidden by classification.
All of them... Comey, Hillary, and Obama have all lied (and are ones that you can prove collusuin on.. along with lying under oath, etc.), & should all be ashamed doing all while representing our great country.
Learn to spell Bud
I have read this book cover to cover twice... A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership: James Comey @Comey @Flatironbooks
I like what you wrote!
Thanks!
Who is sailor? You are cracking up Donny. 
#MorningJoe @foxandfriends
What’s he talking about??
I have to dig deep into research. Who knows what crazy Tippy Top has in his tiny brain.
Thanks.
The phrase seems to be a reference to Kristian Saucier, a Navy submariner who was pardoned by Donald Trump last month. He had been convicted of illegally taking pictures from inside a navy vessel in 2009.
I thought it was Sailor Moon!
I don’t remember sailor but I do know that you don’t know what collusion is.  @DonaldJTrumpJr and your team met with Russians to collude. #thatscollusion
You leaked classified intel to the Russians when they visited the WH.
Blah blah lie lie blah. You gave russian spies Israels secrets while in a closed-door meeting with the spies which you banned u.s. media from but not russian. If you've nothing to hide & haven't broken any laws, why are you so worked up & trying to stop & obstruct investigations?
I would believe Comey over you every day. You change your mind so quickly we are getting whiplash! You are the Fake Trump, not the News. You have no personal opinion, it is always what others want. You have lied to so many it makes me sick and scared for all of our futures.

Comey needs charges brought against him and to stand trial. There must be a dozen different crimes he committed to include treason. He's an arrogant and smug SOB and as soon as he opens his mouth the BS meter goes off the scale. He has lots of excuses and poor answers.
How about addressing the issues? How about all the lies you have done and continue to do? How about why you villainize and demonize everybody that does not act like your puppet and blindly follow everything you do and say. @Comey exposes the TRUTH.
Comey should be prosecuted along with   
Loretta Lynch and Hillary Clinton
Wow our “leader of the USA” is calling people dumb?! How professional 
James Comey is using conflict as a marketing tool of his controversial book to make money...Anything can sell in the US if you can play on the citizen's sentiment

Yeah... I find Comey quite credible (unlike you)... The first thing you did in the oval office, was leak classified info, too Russians no less, after slandering the head of the FBI, after firing the ("nut job")...
#TreasonSeason
Comey’s example of bureaucratic despots who believe they’re superior to us subhuman pawns and therefore have right to determine our future. Actually, they’re losers who achieved power in corrupt entities whose only focus is retaining power. Dangerous.
You know nothing. Read his book.
And what will you do about holding him accountable ? Drain the swamp Donald
Looks like the pot calling the kettle black.  Didn’t you leak info about where our submarines were at a highly military secret maneuver?  People who live in glass houses, should not throw stones!
What a leak
This man needs some SERIOUS help!
But you approved the hacking and leaking of DNC and HRC's nails, is somebody forgetting how he cheered and refused to admit the Russian breach of servers.
@realDonaldTrump you didn't know you were incriminating yourself when you fired Comey... so?
well isn't this the pot calling the kettle black?  
Only you are the lyer in this. It's all you do. WE don't believe you!
A private conversation with you is not CLASSIFIED information! You actually believe if you say it enough it will be true! Laughable!
No, Nunes leak clasdifief info rt out your hands, then you told the russians! Vladamir trump the treasonous gump! Melanias more man than youll ere be, trump the chump
It WASN'T CLASSIFIED sir.
Our president is a complete joke.
You Liberals and DemoRats still cannot get the Facts Right!  WAKE UP from Your Slumbers!
Lol #russianbot
You continuing to make this claim doesn't make it true. It only reinforces the lie in the weak little minds of the inept who support your even more inept presidency.
Mr. President: YOU are the one who risks leaking classified information by talking on your unprotected phone.
I dont think Comey know up versus down.

Everyone is trying to drain the U.S. funds for their own agenda by all these witch hunts.

Hillary should be front and center of any investigation.

All these investigations should be paid back by the fake news people and originators.
Is everyone believing what is going on?  You son met with an admitted Russian spy in Trump Tower.
The country believes you not Comey. I never thought I'd see North and South Korea end the war and it's thanks to you. What do we do in order to ensure a Nobel Peace Prize goes to you? Obama got one for doing nothing
Better check those facts sunshine.
Train wreck at the Whitehouse. He is not attending the popular whitehouse correspondence dinner and he doing everything to destroy the rule of law and United States constitution and demicratic ideals.
He is doing everything to destroy the rule of law, the United States constitution and democratic ideals.
My tweets are being blocked! They’re not being sent to you! I think of all the peoples tweets, that aren’t getting to you! That are in support of you!!! #KeepGoing
Replace Comey’s name with yours, and your tweet becomes factual
THANK YOU PRESIDENT AND GOD BLESS YOU AND THE FIRST FAMILY..#GodBlessAmerica #MAGA
Ricardo Rossello - Building a Stronger and Better Puerto Rico Post-Maria - Extended Interview https://on.cc.com/2vOJXOP  via @comedycentral
We can't believe what you are doing. What a sick joke
hahahahahahahahaha........your base believes you ..........but most of america and the world believes JAMES COMEY
The president must be describing himself.  The United States of America have turned into a a big joke for other countries.
Comey's whole FBI life was solely "politics" for the DeepState.
Comey probably has little grasp of what "legal" really is.
Don't let that keep us from hanging him tho.
@POTUS #ReleaseTheTexts #NoRedactions #IBOR #QAnon
Is everybody believing what is going on. I leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION and colluded  with the russians but republiKKKans don’t understand how serious this is. I lied all over the place to cover it up. I'm either very sick or very dumb. Remember stormy!

We all now label @comey in the likeness of lying, unethical, @BillClinton who played games with the public depending on what the definition of "is" is.
And what do we label Trump when it comes to lying and leaks?
Mr. President.
Yes he did Mr. Trump.  He absolutely has lost ALL credibility and is a weak link.
Fire Sessions and put Trey Gowdy in charge of sending swamp creatures to life sentences.
The irony.
You don’t know your butt from a whole in the ground
Fox News is so fake, they only want to please the president but wait ! For a mistake happen and ALLL WILL BE FIRED!! Hahahaha

Projecting much?
Please stop Mr. President
Dillusional Donald is talking again.
Well Mr Trump your in a pickle yourself
Must be your twin.
@Twitter is filtering Trump tweet history if it contained negative language, or directly attacks someone by name. WTF? Are convinced now?

Menu>
"Report Tweet"
"It's harnful and abusive
"It's targeted Harrassment".
Review list of Tweets.
#ReleaseTheTexts
#DrianTheSwamp
King liar speaks, you lying asshole
You are a LEAKER Mr. Trump.
I think a leak has to do with taking a pee mr golden shower president.
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul @SenMikeLee  IT IS FAR PAST TIME TO GET RID OF THESE POLITICIZED GROUPS AND #Swamps : DOJ, FBI, CIA, ATF, IRS, DHS, NSA, CFR, SES, The FED, U.N., and others. #USA #Americans #PJNET #Constitution #2A #1A #NoCowards #NoTraitors #Congress @GOP
We sit in front of our TV’s with our mouths  wide open saying “What did he just say?”  Comey needs to read Ecclesiastes Chapter 7 in the Living Bible.
I suggest that we just let @potus @realdonaldtrump assume control of the courts so that his brilliant, totally impartial legal mind can be the alpha and omega of guilt or innocence.

Sort of like Santa's list, but with prison.

We just need every case to mention his name (#ADD).
Your Orange suit is waiting
False. Comey leaked unclassified info to the press. Big difference from leaking classified info to a foreign power that had already been accused of meddling in the election that you won.
He's got a real problem with the definition of "serious"--"no serious prosecutor", "no one serious"--"serious" apparently means only people who agree with him.  I'm thinking he's about to find out differently.  Sessions--are you listening???
@Comey  thank you so much for being a true #americanpatriot and doing your job when most needed.  #Historians will write of #FBIDirectorcomey who stood for #Americans all over and looked @realDonaldTrump in his eyes and did not pledge alliegance to the #mob
Its treason Mr President and we all know what the punishment is......
He’s neither sick or dumb He’s running scared of Deep State’s suicide squad
You’re so juvenile-I’m embarrassed for you! Do your job and just stop tweeting 
Matter fact I am very poor I work three jobs to try to make it and you got all the money and apparently you don't know what to do with it
We believe Comey
You're a sexual predator, dude, and most young generation is being taught that. I would assume at your age you can no longer have sex, probably best.
Comey's understanding of "classified" reminds me of the excuses Hillary used when she was lying and saying "she didn't think her files were classified" just because they had a "C" on them.
Mr President- you are the one who doesn’t understand how ugly your lies are.
Resign
Just stop ... stop ... stop ... no one cares anymore
I think it's illness due to evil seduction.
@TweesTweets CAN YOU BELIEVE WHAT HE HAS DONE?! *dies*
You lie constantly. Nobody believes a single word you say.
Dumb but maybe sly as a fox. Trying to cover his own arse but just not smart enough to pull it off.
Comeys history with money laundering for drug cartels with HSBC allowing McCabe to shut down investigation into Oleg Deripaska due to their friendship, 2008 McCain Presidential run funded by russia through Oleg Deripaska, Hillary Clintons Espionage selling SCIF secrets via server
They all lie

No more sugar coating , if you support the lying piece of crap that is Donald Trump then you are a Patsy.
Con men need Patsies to survive.
Amazing that there are so many victims that trump can use.
#TrumpCult
I think both. 

I remember when Obama used to call private citizens 'dumb'.

Oh, wait. That never happened.
You asked Russia to infiltrate our system and leak their findings. You did it on national TV. Stop talking about leaking. You’re the biggest leaker of all. Keep your trap shut about matters involving national security.
We have the greatest president of our time directly in front of us yet people across the globe want to see him carry some form of dark shaddow over his presidency as to get little accomplished when he can actually save humanity from itself!
Define leak? When Comey pissed in your mouth!!!hahahahahaab
He is a idiot! The fact that he could sell even one book, is disturbing.
Think maybe you just were describing your self?? Dummy!
What the hell

Pot-to-kettle
It’s hard to believe that he was the head of the FBI and he seems floppy on everything. He simply has his own agendas’ and no firm principles. Disgraceful.
We don't know camey much but we do know you very well Mr. President cut the comedy and leave
He is exploiting the weakness of the system https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/798438 … #comey #Trump #trending
And yet you pardoned a convicted liar & leaker Scooter Libby..
I know what a leak is. I've seen the radiator in my bathroom
James Comey and Mueller are corrupt jerkoffs!!
He's both!
Me. President it’s only wrong if someone does something about it. If the cowards in the DOJ do nothing then it must be acceptable. Get your AG to do something or step down. Bring the coward Sessions to task.
But somehow he’s not under investigation. But you are
U need to keep ur mouth shut because u don't know what wrong from right is. U r doing everything wrong. I thought building the wall was a right thing, but its not. We don't need to build a wall to jeep the Mexicans out. Yeah they should have a green card 2 come across the boarder
You’re sick and dumb. Stop projecting what you are onto other people. RESIGN ALREADY. NOBODY LIKES YOU! YOU’RE WORTHLESS.
You've done so much illegal ish its mind blowing, yet you call out Comey?? Too busy to buy a gift, huh?
“Remember sailor!” is the phrase that alerts @realDonaldTrump’s KGB handlers that he is ready for exfiltration
Time to call a plumber. ;)

Oh, my God, you are so very immature! "It is the pot calling the kettle black!" 
I will know and every other "true American" will too, that due your very psychotic mind that what you accuse others like Comey, of is what YOU yourself is or is doing! Sir, you picked the wrong job!
Comey is an Idiot.......he  deserved  being  fired....
Both,  sick and dumb....
Nobody is listening to the old man yelling at clouds.  The clouds dont care and you just look insane at this point. Sad! I feel bad that nothing makes you happy, but refuse to let you ruin my country.
Comey thinks HE "is" the law.  His arrogance exceeds his fear of justice.

He is part of the lying swamp!!!
Turning a story around doesn’t help you
your butt leaks #depends
Criminal Comey should not be Making money on his Machinations and Malfeasance in Office. Tanked the Investigation of Mob Boss Hillary. FBI is suppose to be Above Reproach. Not Political. Comey Messed up BIG Time
Sounddlike Hillary, she said the same thing about her e mails.  Just more lies, no honor or integrity

Comey thinks classified is listed items for sale in the newspaper.  So if it's not a car, boat or pet it must be unclassified!
Liar liar - Dotard!!
This coward hides behind twitter to lie w/no pushback. Tries to take credit for what NK earthquakes did.Has 1 of his stupid "rallies",hoping to get more attention that WHCD,fool the public into thinking they're a big deal. They are not a big deal. The Art of The Distraction.
Ring ring.... hey Kettle, this is Pot ... you’re black.
I support you and pray for you against these brood of vipers
He's sick and dumb and he's a criminal
Hey Con Job : 
When you're writing checks to attorneys it might be wise to take the advice you're paying for.
No one believes Comey. He lives in his own reality in his head! The most arrogant , PUFFERHEAD I've ever seen on fox! I'm sure we haven't heard the last of him! Scary to think how long he's been able to slime around in DC! Scary?  He was head of FBI!
#IgnoreMueller
