A lion doesn't willing walk into a trap. He falls in the trap because he doesn't know it's there.  Please ignore anything #RobertMueller requests of you. The #Mueller investigation should have ended long long ago!
How is it a trap? All he has to do is go in and answer questions. Innocent people do it all the time. If he's innocent, there shouldn't be a problem, right?
Tell that to Clinton, Comey, McCabe and Obama. How come you care so much about this, but dont give 2 craps about the billions of tax dollars given to Iran by Obama?
That money belonged to Iran. It was frozen when they took over our embassy in 1979. It wasn’t American money. Open a book. Do research.
I've tried explaining this on numerous occasions,  for some reason people who support Trump can't comprehend this.
They don’t want to. They are trapped in their TV sets.
All they watch is fox and skim through breitbart headlines. Never fact check anything. What a way to live


You better play nice with Pence so you can get presidential pardon when you are impeached.
MAGA Mr. President 

That's rich, coming from a supporter who thinks Nazis are 'fine people', spews hate against Muslims, Black people, Mexicans, the entire continent of Africa, etc. ad nauseum.
*supporter of a guy who...
Look......shiny object!!!!
You done
There sure are a lot of indictments for a “No-Collusion” tweet, but yeah, you do you (I guess).
You mean the man you thought would never be president? He's doing him, really really well, thank you!
Another meltdown Donald?
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpObstructed

Broken frickin record. Keep telling yourself and your immature base that. LOL. Maybe someone will believe it.
Every time you deny it, you look 100 times more guilty. Bye Donnie!!!
Stop hiding behind tweets.
Time to end the witch hunt I have watched and I see them for what they are it is a trap Mr President and you should stop this gross abuse and total waist of time and money the Dems don’t care how much they spend of our tax money.
End the charade now.
Someone needs to teach you how and when to capitalize words.

You are an embarrassment.

#MuellerIsClosingIn
Mueller’s investigation needs to END now! It’s been a year and he’s found ZERO! There is no collusion or anything else. It’s a distraction meant to derail the Trump administration!
The Deep State set up this nonsensical investigation to try and throw Trump off his game. Well, Trump is the President you can’t throw off his game. This man dealt with the NY real estate Mafia all his life. If you can get through that for 72 years, DC isn’t that scary!
If the Democrats had ANYTHING to offer America they’d drop this investigation and fight policy-to-policy. They can’t so they have to hype up their base with Russia and race wars. ALL FAKE!
Bot
Wow! Trolls are out in force this morning. Don’t they have to get ready for work?  Oh, wait.....
Wow!  Lots of Caps this morning. Lots of Indictments though. Lots of Graft in Pruitt’s EPA.  Lots and lots of Lies.
Keep tweeting. Mueller will use all of these against you. #itsmuellertime
AMERICA KNOWS ,...... AMERICA SUPPORTS YOU SIR!!!! STAY FOCUSED,...SCREW CNN AND MSNBC,....I WILL NEVER WATCH THOSE  STATIONS AGAIN!! AND SCREW ROBERT @BobSMueller ,
Roger that Mr President!   Keep doing what you are doing!
BTW:  Order the DOJ and FBI to RELEASE all of the information requested by Congress ASAP!  Enough with the games that they are playing!!!!  
Mr. Trump, on 9/30/16 regarding neg statements about your campaign you tweeted: 

"There are no sources, they are just made up lies!"

So can you source "Hoax" and "setup & trap", or are those just "made up lies", too? Your daily word salad is getting increasingly hard to follow.
I can hear the cuckoo singing in the cuckoo berry tree...
And also 4 of your people cooperating, 5 guilty pleas.... and much more to come !!!
I'm hearing...alot of people are saying..that you did some very very bad things. Also, why does every other guy in your cabinet keep calling you an #idiot?
Actually, I thought you were in negotiations with @kanyewest for him to provide the entertainment when you go to prison, you Mango Manboobed Manbaby.
Guilty much?  Go back to bed you f’n baby!  Wah wah!
You are so pathetic, it’s gonna be fun watching walk into the slammer #fraud #liar #douchebag #resist #NotMyPresident #youregoingtojail #putinsbitch
Then sit for the interview and get this over with!
It’s not a Hoax, there wouldn’t be all these indictments and charges against your cronies if it was.  Even your supporters are starting to see the truth.
This is a great to know!!   So just get sworn in by Mueller, answer all the questions truthfully and it will be over.  Easy.
You lie daily.  If there is no collusion why are you so worried.  Your like the Mob!
Enjoy your unavoidable indictment.
Is it normal to get all the questions  prior to the interview during a witch hunt?
Maybe Mueller should be charged with conspiracy against the president of the United States.  It is already a conflict of Interest due to his relationship with Comey.  Why is Mueller not answering some questions?  Let's turn the tables.
Uh oh. Rick Santorum, a boot-licking Republican if there ever was one, just called you more or less a liar. You are unable to tell the truth. You even faked a doctor’s note during the campaign to mask your health issues.
Rick Santorum: Trump "says things that don't comport with the facts. You want to call it a lie, call it a lie. I don't like calling people liars but the reality is this President has a problem" 

Keep beating that drum old man. Btw nobody believes you.
Drip drip drip....
Just fire them all already
And Stormy Daniels does not exist so she never received $130,000   ‘I never had sex with that woman’  The healthiest president the USA ever had   you’ve got fraud written all over your pathetic life.
The diff is@ Snowflake is TRUMP was a civilian! I HIGLY SUGGEST you do some research! If he had done this as POTUS  I would 100% agree with you@ look up Bill Clinton & his molesting a 22 YO intern ( in the oval office WHILE POTUS! ) Monica!  Then as Gov 2
Monica was a consenting adult. Wasn't bribed to keep quiet. Wasn't threatened. BIG difference.
What TRUMP did as a CIVILIAN! Was his OWN ISSUE@ Not a sitting POTUS! Monica was called a liar! Do it etc S.D was paid 4 sex anyways n Bill as Gov RAPED women! Yes theirs a big diff . & do you EVEN REMBEBER? THE crap those women went thru@ MULTIPLE! Vs 1
Then why pay for her silence?




Wow u r freaking out. An innocent man would want his name cleared. A guilty man would go on about how he’s gonna try to fire his accusers.
You are protesting a little too much for an innocent person.  Why are you so afraid?  Guilt?
"Every American regardless of their political persuasion ... should be disgusted by what has happened in connection with the lies that you have been told over the last three months about this payment." - Michael Avenatti, attorney for Stormy Daniels
The Hoax is having you as POTUS.
How can testifying be a trap if you’re innocent? Comey was man enough to testify under oath. Why aren’t you?   #SaveMueller #SaveRosenstein
But he wasn’t smart enough not to lie under oath!
I would never interfere with a federal investigation by attacking them constantly online.  Also I would spend my time focused on the job instead of hiding on a golf course or trolling twitter

I love screen shotting these so I can print and later send it to him in prison for him to enjoy. I bet with his tiny hands and fragile ego he could write me back telling me he didn’t mean “collusion collusion”.
Then you won't have any problem talking to Mueller will you?
No collusion - prove it - sit down with Mueller tell your story - that is what an honest man would do
True. There are all those other issues. However, contrary to your hope, they will not distract us from your illegal behavior. The first sentence of your tweet suggests you are getting ahead of yourself. We'll see what Mueller has to say. After all, he (not you) can be trusted.

There was NO collusion w/Russia! NOTHING Illegal won you the Presidency. You Won, fair & square! She Lost! Fire Mueller and keep doing the great work you have begun to make America great again!

#QAnon 
#ArrestComey #ArrestClapper #ArrestClinton 
#ArrestBrennan
#MAGA 
#Trump2020
You didn't pay @StormyDaniels hush money either right? Your version of the truth is standardized so much differently than the rest of us?
You really have no clue do you regarding obstruction of justice and putting our country into a constitutional crisis.  Rest assured citizens will take to the street and you will see civil unrest like never seen due to constitutional crisis.
You’re doomed. Giuliani made certain.
Mr President... Keep listening to Mr Guliani. He’s seen this movie many times before and he knows how it ends!  The MAGA army has your back and we’re still not tired of WINNING!  Looking forward to seeing Mueller’s smug face when he loses!
It’s Mental Health Awareness Month… Get help!!!
Trump translation I'm a crook, the biggest liar this world as ever know, a bully, compromised by Russia but please overlook it all because look at N korea, trade, tax cuts, Obama's economy, and I'm a racist so I'm building a wall for my racist base. So ignore my crimes please!
Oh my god dude you’ve got problems
.....AND negotiations to get you IMPEACHED you fat orange lying cheating uneducated narcissistic scumbag moron
A “hoax” wouldn’t open a counter intelligence investigation after an Australian diplomat told the FBI that senior foreign policy aide George Papadoplous had told him/her all about your Champaign’s ties to the Russian government
Not a witch hunt ....CRIMINAL HUNT....and getting close to the criminals.
How long you gonna keep your new lawyer?wow he really opened up to Fox news lol he said you thought he did a good job LoL. wow. He told all
Hey, did you enjoy the fucking that Rudy Giuliani just gave you?
Keep focused ! Keep moving forward ! People of reason are supporting you ! #MAGA  THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT!
How's crazy Rudy workin out for ya?  Sweet Jesus you are a pair.  Good luck to Atty Flood trying to keep you 2 in line. Get it through your head-you will not finish your term.  Your days are numbered.  The warlock hunt has found 19 and counting. Just resign.
End it....now....fire Mueller...the people have your back...oh and kick Sessions out on his lazy skinny ass...what a waste of space....
The many Trump allies who have already been indicted and pled guilty certainly make the case that there is nothing there.

Must be hard to be the last guy indicted.  Waiting. Expecting. Temper tantrums.

@npr @cnn @wsj @HuffPostPol @nyt @WaPo @AP_Politics @foxnews @BBCnews @msnbc
“What there is is”
Just let that hang out in the universe. #idiotinchief #dotardinchief
Poor grammar. And, signs of paranoia.
Are you capitalizing these words because they’re proper nouns? Like names of strippers?
I love my President. He is the most unselfish person I've ever seen. God bless and protect him.
The most unselfish person? Yeah, right. The guy who made a fortune by not paying contractors or workers. What a fine Gentleman.
Why don't you Subpoena Mueller & others to testify on their Uranium one ore deals?? ANYONE CONNECTED TO THE OBOZO ADMIN IS YOUR "ENEMY" WE  THE PEOPLE !?ELECTED YOU POTUS TO " DRAIN THE SWAMP" If AG Sessions in incapable! FIRE HIS ASS
That’s not strictly true is it there was collusion , you did obstruct the Russian investigation and to be honest I think you are probably guilty of a whole lot more
YOU ROCK @POTUS
You obstructed justice it’s so obvious it’s not even funny. You saying witch hunt all the time makes it seem like you’re scared. If you colluded which you did you aren’t doing a very good job at hiding it.
We the people see obstruction of justice a bit differently. The keyword is 'justice'. And the sooner your presidency lies in shambles, the quicker justice will be served.
PSA:
Witch don't life. You must watch too much Harry Potter and drink some alcochol
Hello. This is the Robert Mueller Guilty Plea office. All of our agents are assisting other Criminals. Please remain on hold and your call will be taken in the order that it was received.
Flummery n flapdoodle, ya cheese-doodle looking wig-wearing hump!
We love you! Keep doing what you’re doing — MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN — after obummer tried for 8 years to ruin us, you’re righting all of his wrongs. BRAVO POTUS TRUMP!
NOTE TO SELF:    MEXICO  DID  NOT  STOP  THE  CARAVAN
You are accusing the entire FBI, Justice Department & press (hundreds, thousands of people) of trying to frame you. Is this possible? I suppose anything is theoretically possible. Is it likely? I think not.
#MAGA #Qanon
Don, Don, Don...when you're up at 4:45am, why not do a few exercises? Work that anger and anxiety out with a couple jumping jacks, some situps, a little running in place. Then go back to bed and leave us alone.
Nothing to hide.....then answer some questions

If there was no collusion, why do you keep up with this "no collusion" horseshit?  Frankly, it could not sound more more like there was a crapload of collusion.  Take your meds and go to bed, chucklehead.
That's about 1 million times you have stated "no collusion". You sound worried!
Me thinks you protest too much...
Prisons are full of people who sound just like you.  Pretty amazing that they too say the same thing.  The meetings with Russia officials about what was that called. Adaptions?  Or was it getting dirt on Hillary.  And Flynn. Let’s see your big announcement on Hillary.
You know what you did. We know what you did. Mueller knows what you did.  You’re going down.
Your lawyer just screwed you over on @foxandfriends v funny
You mean all the #crap you started? It is so hard to assist you at times chief. #kaos abounds and you do little. Are you part of Kaos chief or just beholden to them? We all know you have others finish what you start cause you're not a closer. #WeKnow #weknowall #Liar #sad
While the leftists try and try and try to destroy you- you keep WINNING for is us-we the people
I found the Witch!  Worst game of where’s Waldo EVER!
STOP!  You don’t know what they know and the more you cry NO FOUL - the less we believe you.  Just let the investigation proceed - and if you are innocent, then you will be vindicated.  Acting like this proves your guilty - 30@M are watching and you aren’t fooling many
Lol.
Thank you Mr. President, and please just IGNORE the IGNORANCE and CRMINALITY of the left. They are so EVIL and could care less about All the good u r doing for USA & the World. Ignorance is their life. God Bless America!

#QAnon 
#ArrestClapper #ArrestClinton 
#ArrestComey
What there isn't-good grammar and correct capitalization...

#Resist #ResistTrump #TheResistance #Dotard #FakePresident
You Tweet Like A 6yo With All Those Capital Letters.
If there is no collusion or obstruction, then there is no reason not to sit down under oath with the special counsel, instead of pleading the Fifth with is what you're doing now.
Dont worry about the Deep State crap Sir..you are doin a great job..would be nice if ya had a AG that helped ya out a bit
It is time for taxpayers. We the People to stand and Demand our elected leader to stop this sedition. Sweep the seventh floor and DOJ corrupted immediately   Prosecute the previousadministration for actual crimes. We must in order to restore a justice system We can have faith in
If I had 5 bucks for every time Donnie said the word collusion, is be richer then he is!
Traitor

What was Rudy Giuliani really doing on his last two trips to Ukraine? Who did he meet with? What money passed through him? What did he do in eastern Ukraine? Did he see Person A (Kilimnik) or any other Manafort associates? Did he talk to them?
President Nixon was running the Vietnam War. You don't get a free pass. Stop whining.
white noise
Damn their are some real RETARDED SNOWFLAKES making comments! 20% of our weapons grade uranium sold under Obozo/ Hillary's watch. OBOZO paying by plane of cash& unfreezing Iran's assets. Spanky giving up NUKES get NK & Iran are buddies! = sunset & BOOM
So what?? Nixon had to deal with the Vietnam war during the Watergate investigation! He was just as guilty as you. "I am not a crook" is equal to " There is no collusion, no obstruction of justice". You remember where that catchy little ditty got Nixon. Can you say resignation?
there was lots of collusion (not a hoax) and you're a big fat liar! sad!! #FakePresident

#Obstruction
YOUR COLLUSION IS NO HOAX AS PROVED BY YOUR SONS EMAIL FOR A MEETING @YOUR BUILDING TO HAVE RUSSIA HELP INFLUENCE USA ELECTION, THEN AFTER LEARNING OF EMAILS IN SAID MEETING YOU ON TV BEGGED RUSSIANS TO RELEASE THOSE EMAILSTHE HOAX IS YOU IN THE WHITE HOUSE
@fox news @CNN NOPE!!! If there was nothing you’d sit back and let the investigation clear you but you’re too animated and hyped up so you’ve done something and Mueller is gonna nail you.
#SoCalledPresident
#CadetBoneSpurs
#MAGA
#MyAttorneysGettingArrested
#PredatorInChief
#EmolumentsClause
#ObstructionOfJustice
#TrumpKushnerCrimeFamilies
#FiveGuiltyPleas
#ForteenIndicted
#NoWitchHunt
#ItsMuellerTime
#In188days
#BlueWave2018
HEY NIXON......COLLUSION....TREASON...JAIL TIME
What I am reading from this tweet is that you have important stuff to do and so our country's legal system should ignore any investigations into collusion by you or by your campaign? Nice try Sir!

As for witch hunt, 13 Russian witches indicted and 5 witches have pled guilty. LOL
The lady doth protest too much.

that's a lot of indictments for a 'witch hunt', yer daft.
If there was no collusion then I guess you have nothing to worry about..So far your track record for honesty though, is not overly impressive..
HI DONNY!! What a wonderful day! So, your own lawyer Gulianni admits you knew about the @stormydaniels pay-off, despite your repeated denials on Twitter? So I must ask - No Collusion? REALLY? HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
North Korea, when the 3 American detainees get home, you need to break in to all T.v. coverage, & let us know. That is big news, and the media doesn't care.  But we Americans do!
Just one thing to remember:  Mueller is much much smarter then you.  All you have is rhetoric...Mueller has the facts.  Mueller knows his job, the system, and has the law on his side..you have no cards, no comprehension, no innocence.
So happy Mayor Giuliani is back and on your legal team!!  Rudy and Jay will keep you safe, President!! Hang Tough!! 
Your argument is weak. Be a man and face Mueller . You know all your conspiracy Campaign staff with Manifort, Flynn, Cohen, Papadopoulos are going to prison. They have Given you up to save themselves...
LIAR.
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW.
Your election was a hoax. In fact, every thing you say is a hoax. Republicans know your presence on the Hill was never sustainable. They hate you...but funny how fear turns men into a mice. Or were they always mice. Good to know. Don't expect letters in prison.
Attention Liar-in-Chief: We don't believe anything you or your corrupt lying administration says. Resign now or to jail later. Still have a choice...but not for long.
If there is nothing there then stop complaining about it and DO YOUR JOB WHICH YOU HAVE NOT DONE SO FAR. STOP YOUR EXCESSIVE WHINING UNLESS OF COURSE THERE IS SOMETHING THERE YOUR WORRIED ABOUT
running sacred donnie boy?
Lots of witches being indicted.... with guilty pleas
I know, everyone wants to see the pee video. I'm trying to make it not appear. I'm already the biggest disgrace on this once great nation. I need to resign before I do anymore harm!
Then why won't you sit to be interviewed? 

You are guilty AF. You know it.
Stop capitalizing your nouns. This isn’t German.


Every time you tweet about the Russian investigation you are trying to obstruct justice!!!!!!!!
The biggest hoax is your presidency!!!
In the 466 days since he took the oath of office, Trump has made 3,001 false or misleading claims, according to The Fact Checker’s database that analyzes, categorizes and tracks every suspect statement uttered by the president.
That’s an average of nearly 6.5 claims a day.
Definitely #collusion and definitely #TrumpRussia

He did it, you guys! Trump made over 3,000 false claims since taking office. That’s more than 6.5 lies a day. 
You don’t understand the meaning of collusion and conspiracy against the United States and obstruction of justice. You’re up to your ears in both.
Shiny bright objects will not dissuade the truth! No matter how many times you say it!! #MuellerTime #cyawouldntwannabeya
You're so obstructed you'll need two bottles of metamucil to clear your impacted Sh*t. Collusion is a given obstruction is a fact. Such an idiot moron!
Sir it is a witch hunt and so many of us have your back although we are afraid of what they are doing to our country. Stand strong.
How do you explain Rudy's interview with Hannity? Somebody's lying about awareness and repayment of 130,000 dollars and Rudy just pointed the finger at you dumb donnie!
When will the DOJ investigate  crooked Hillary & her team? How come the FBI did not seize Hillary's computers? Why did the FBI allow her attornies to decide which emails to turn over? Why did the FBI allow her emails to be destroyed. FBI tried to fix the election for Hillary.
There are a lot more of us that believe you are guilty of obstruction and collusion than those who don't. You lie morning, noon, and night. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 24/7. You lie during the meal you discovered between breakfast and brunch! #100%Guilty
Excellent work, sir. American farmers should be waist deep in soybeans by next week since China has stopped buying. Sit down and shut up. Everything you touch turns to shit.
Well... RUDOLPH just screw you up more that you could possibly screw Stormy. If you paid back, it means that Michael LEND you some "mula" to keep Stormy quiet (a contribution). If  you paid him back; you cannot keep this quiet. That is why we have campaign contribution laws!!!!
What a load of nonsense
No problem, answer some questions.  PROVE IT, COWARD!
If you're so fucking innocent, why don't you act like it for once?
There was Collusion (it is not a Hoax) and there is massive Obstruction of Justice (that is NOT a setup & trap). This is NO Witch Hunt!
Yeah. We know.
How about you call a press conference and answer press questions instead of rambling on Twitter? Be presidential about this. #stoptweeting #impeach #impeachtrump #dictatordonnie #embarrassmentinchief

*collusion
*hoax
*obstruction
*justice
*negotiations x3
*nuclear war
*trade deficits 
*hunt

Leave some capital letters for the rest of us.
U have so much misinformation.  We know you and your campaign r guilty of #RussianCollusion and you r trying to stop investigation. 
#Liar  #OstructionOfJustice #MuellerKnows  
#DonTheCon #WorstPresidentEver #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
so when you fired comey and said it was because of 'that russia thing'....what the actual fuck do you think that was? jesus. your creeping dementia is galloping now....
Actually there was, and continues to be, considerable evidence of collusion between you and Russia.
I don't think so
Start listening beyond Fox. There are transcripts and interviews.
Nope, nope that set-up for the I’m too busy defense not gonna work. You get tweeting, watch news shows, play golf every weekend...  you’re the least busy guy to ever hold the Office. Here’s what you do, pretend too be just fed up and quit. Then you can go live in Russia
There was no chemical weapons used in Syria butyou still went ahead and attacked anyway... Carry your own cross and stop advertising
Prove it.
The more they investigate
The more we see
That @BarackObama et al engaged in election rigging and numerous felonies.
It goes all the way to the TOP.
It’s only a trap if you lie and have something to hide #liarinchief #notmypresident #kellysaidtrumpisanidiot #nocollusionisanillusion
LIAR
Witch hunt?  Saddle up your broom, honey cuz it’s gonna be a bumpy ride!
Negotiations about a nuclear war, really?
if you're guilty, and you know it, scream, "witch hunt!" if you're guilty, and you know it, scream, "witch hunt!" if you're guilty, and you know it, and you really want to show it, if you're guilty, and you know it, scream, "WITCH HUNT!"
North Korea nuclear test site collapsed, so no more testing.
China has stopped buying American soybeans. They were 60% of our market.

Your son met with Russians in your building and you lied about it
Your son-in-law tried to set up a secret back channel to Russia
You knew it all
