And then he said he knew nothing about it!! 

Lol no he doesn’t but keep believing Mueller is your savior. It will be that much sweeter for us to see all your heads explode when he’s cleared.
If he's cleared I promise to explode my head
Cool thanks
Dear Lord. How are you so dense?? You are incriminating yourself with these tweets, every ridiculous excuse you make up is laughed at BY THE LAW! You just admitted to multiple felonies! A retainer doesn't clear you OR Cohen from A DAMN THING!
What are the felonies?
Cohen committed a campaign finance violation by paying $130k WITHOUT declaring it as an in kind contribution, and TRUMP ALSO committed the same crime, PLUS he tried to cover it up with retainer payments so there's fraud and cover up crimes, too.
And he just helped Stormy’s defamation case by calling her a liar and extortionist.
What the hell are you even talking about?
YOU COLLUDED WITH RUSSIA, PROPECHIA BOY!!
NO HE DIDN’T
YES HE DID
Waiting on proof like
You really think that an investigation is going to constantly parade around proof before any criminal precedings?!  ever heard of a mis-trial?
Pipedream snowflake
winning WHAT exactly? oh and how is that tax break going for ya?
I'll be paying $4000 less this year than last. My son won't be paying any federal taxes $2000 less. Mostly everyone I know that actually works will benefit!



It’s just a matter of which level each day. It’s getting really tiresome fact checking hourly because we can’t trust our highest office and his minions to give us simple truths. We’re being deliberately lied to, that’s called gaslighting, dictators use it. This does not end well.

!

Your tweet has been liked. https://favstar.fm/t/992099373923356672 …
 
There also comes a time to stop making an idiot out of yourself & actually pay attention to reality hope you can make it!

Sorry, your lame meme does not represent me at all. Just because you cannot think beyond 2 choices does not mean there is not more. TRY xdem of 40 yrs who woke up when she learned HRC was PURE Evil @ Benghazi hearigs & refused to stay dem when DNC RIGGED PRIMARY & SAID F OUR VOTE

Rudy’s writing this, yeah?
The speed and clarity give it away...could be the new guy?
Ur everyday supporters don't give a shit about Stormy Drawers
I guess you like being lied to and deceived.
Keep drinking socialist kool aide.
Hitler started by disarming people he believed to be inferior.  Segregating people he believed inferior and taking the money and business.  Changing law about who was allowed to make money. I don't see that happening
Maybe you need to open your eyes.HE HAS been doing IT to the immigrants that have come to this country. All the name calling. Telling people they took their jobs. Wants to cleanse this country of everybody but white people. He goes after Amazon,  AT&T.  be honest with yourself.
Illegal immigrants he said he didn't have any problems with people who come here legally
He does have a problem with people coming here legally. The Caravan from the south is full of people trying to enter this country legally. But he's trying to keep them out.
STOP 447
Scavino wrote this one, 45 isn’t capable of making any kind normal remarks.

Worst President Ever, TrumpUFraud, insults the disabled, POWs, gold star families.
 
 Acts entirely beholden to Putin. 
   
  What an old crook.
Oh lord...the first (of many ) ramblings of (hugely)desperate POTUS defending his (never ending lies and)criminal acts revealed by (yet another ) incompetent lawyer on Fox News.  (SAD) #TrumpIsAMoron
Only losers who watch Jerry Springer care about the Sloppy Daniels allegations.  People not infected with the liberal pathogen support Trump because he’s Making America Great Again.
Here’s the problem... the silent majority which got Trump elected are the same people that watch Jerry Springer. Joke’s on you... can’t wait to see him lose come 2020. He might not even win his primary for re-election... lol
Jerry Springer is on while most people are at work. So it's Dems living off the government that watch that crap.
You do know that majority of people on welfare are poor white people that identify with trump. That stats are out there. Look them up
And like you they are all DemocRATs.
You assume because I don’t like our president and think he’s terrible at his job and a terrible person that I am a democrat. I am a Republican, a moderate one, but a Republican none the less. How about conversation instead of throwing insults.
So you needed a NDA for something that didn’t happen with a person you didn’t bang. Ok #LiarInchief

On Fox and Friends they reported that the 3 American's held prisoners by N. Korea have now been moved from  prison to a hotel. There is a great possibility they will be released soon. Please pray for their safe release and health. Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your leadership

"Peace Is The Prize" - President Donald J. Trump 

#Peace #MAGA #KAG 

…
https://twitter.com/SwensonBrigette/status/992032390687150080 … this was the Iran deal, not read !!!!
#Cringe
Sen. Tom Cotton w/ Kerry; #IranDeal Secret IEAE agreements
Senate Armed Services Committee…

Another 39 Christians Massacred By Radical Jihadists in Nigeria While the Government Does Little to Protect Them https://aclj.org/persecuted-church/another-39-christians-massacred-by-radical-jihadists-in-nigeria-while-the-government-does-little-to-protect-them?utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=siteSharer …

How did this beat Bernie Sanders 

GOOD MORNING PATRIOTS ”HOW CAN ONE PERSON WITHSTAND THIS AMOUNT OF UNWARRANTED ABUSE AND STILL FUNCTION? THE ANSER IS~GOD IS WITH HIM  #NationalDayOfPrayer 

#GreatAwakening #QAnon #IAmQ #ReleaseTheCures #ReleaseTheVideo #MAGA #ReleaseTheTexts #Unredacted #BLOOM #TheAmericans #STAR #DrainTheSwamp #FakeNews #TaxCuts #Treason …

#GreatAwakening #QAnon #IAmQ #ReleaseTheCures #ReleaseTheVideo #MAGA #ReleaseTheTexts #Unredacted #TheAmericans #OffendMeIn3Words #BLOOM #STAR #DrainTheSwamp #FakeNews …
Retweet if you're a Trump supporter who couldn't give a S**T about Stormy Daniels. #StormyDanielsDay
#Resist #Impeach #GunControlNow #NeverAgain #votethemout #MarchForOurLives #LockHimUp #FuckfaceVanClownstick
very common for rich people to pay mistresses in installments like a sears mattress on layaway
Lies!  All lies
How can it be in "full force" if David Dennison never agreed to it with his signature?
Especially just days prior to an election for president. If it were a problem otherwise the NDA would have been executed years prior. @RepComstock please get 45 out of the White House!
Also, if information needs to be protected using an NDA the NDA is to be signed prior to the information being exchanged (ie as a precursor to foreplay, in you case). You 45 are a “very smart business man” so, of course, you know this. But you are really and idiot!
#BLOTUS GOOD LUCK WITH THAT ONE!
Riders on the @StormyDaniels  Thank God you got elected. I could not see myself masturbating to a Clinton administration.

What a load of horseshit. She made " false and extortionist accusations about an affair" and instead of suing her for defamation you PAID HER $130,000? LMFAO Sure. Plus you've previously denied knowing anything about the agreement or the payment. Can't keep your lies straight.
Last week called; it’s asking for Bill Cosby’s defense back. #NotaWinningStrategy

You paid her but there was no affair? Then you are dumber than I thought.
Some great negotiator! You're a hack.
If @StormyDaniels claims are to be believed, the question I have is when does a “one-night stand with a hooker” become an “affair”? Words and phrases have meaning...
Lmao keep talking u fking moron!
You can simply not speak truth.
No spelling mistakes. Big words. No reference to COLLUSION. They took your Blackberry away, didn’t they?
But he did cap “Arbitration.”
His mind fluttered over to "Arby's" and back while typing.
He has the meats! That’s his pickup line.
Will you be suing as Donald Trump or David Dennison?

Can’t wait for the next teeet where you proclaim that you are the victim in all of this.

There was no payment said the orange clown king until he said there was a payment.
Let's see, who do I believe the guy who has impregnated each new wife while still married to the last, who BRAGS about grabbing pussy, etc.? Hmmm, tough choice, NOT.
You are so proud of that which you think you've gotten away with. You are SICK.
You believe you are ABOVE THE LAW. You aren't.

Donald Trump On Tape: I Grab Women "By The Pu**y”
So you're saying she was  extorting money from you,  a criminal act? And you paid her not to extort money from you? That's not what NDAs are for. Which is it? Feel free to answer at length.
Please add Alan Dershowitz to your legal team Mr President#Drain the swamp #Do not sit down Muller

#very liberal retorts #grow up# hater
But you’re not a celebrity or a person of wealth, Spanky McBoneSpur.
So you paid someone to say nothing about nothing? Sounds like you you make terrible deals.
"My deals are the best deals..bigly"
 I am actually beginning to smell a shit stench oozing from the computer as I read your tweets. You are so phucked, Trump.
"People of wealth"
Keep spinning child. You fool nobody.
How cute.

So you expect us to believe the guy who is so cheap, he paid his sons boy scout dues from his charity just hands out $130k checks to random women to deny sleeping with him?

Dude, I didn't sleep with you. Where's my check? 
I think it is more common among corrupt wealthy people than it is celebrities and upright people of wealth. But you'll twist anything to serve your purpose.
You just made Stormy have to prove it. And she will. The more you lie, the deeper you dig your hole.
Dude, keep talking. You are adding to the case against you. Campaign Finance Laws and Obstruction of Justice.
Brilliant!
*bows* Thank you kind sir.
Days After Cohen Paid Adult Film Star $130,000, Trump Billed His Campaign $129,999 #RudyGuliani

Why would you force someone to sign an NDA and/or pay her money if you didn’t have an affair? 
Thinha that make you go Hmmm!

You porked a porn star without protection, had your lawyer pay her hush money, and then (maybe) paid him back.
Very common among celebrities and people of wealth - sounds like you’re an “elite”
Dude, someone hacked your account. They spelled arbitration correctly and haven’t tweeted any words in all caps.
It is very common for men to cheat on three consecutive wives and a girlfriend with hookers, porn start and models then pay them all hush money? lololololololololololol Is that what you said at your prayer breakfast today? #Degenerate
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL LIE  !!! YOU SAID YOU DO NOT SETTLE ... WHERE YOU LYING THEN OR NOW? I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU PAID HER MONEY AND THEN TALK ABOUT EXTORTION ... BLACKMAIL IS A CRIME #IMPEACH
Will you pay me, too? I promise I won’t talk about what never happened!
You just admitted to a felony #TweetleDUMBASS.

Enjoy the #Indictment process.
Why pay if she’s just lying ???#AlternativeFacts
“WAH!
Don’t you realize it’s common for wealthy people to silence porn stars with big payoffs?
Now she’s talking to the media!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
I’m gonna tweet SO HARD about this!
Also my wee wee isn’t THAT small!
5.13 is average!”
- #crybabyTrump
Why would you need an agreement to stop accusations if they’re false. You could just sue for damages. Your preposition doesn’t make any sense, and is an all too obvious LIE. 

Just another is a long series of lies you’ve become so accustomed to telling.
And should be convicted for 'Frauds against America'

Unlike Obama You will never be a man of integrity and character.
I'm glad today is day of prayer because you are talking in tongues.
Nuisance value is not $130,000
Legal minds know this & people
with brains know this. Your lies
will catch up to you.
If you didn't know about the NDA when it was being enacted and didn't sign it then there is no "agreement" under the law and the contract is void ab initio.
You're not very wealthy though. Forbes has your cash pool around $300m,and that's mostly your inheritance. Trump org owes $1.7b to hundreds of companies, you borrowed from banks. And you beg for campaign money from rednecks. You live on credit. Bezos is actually really rich.

Delete your account
Here is a Daily Reminder: Letting you know WE the people don't believe you!!! #LiarInChief
How stupid do you think we are?
#TrumpIsAnEmbarrassment You cheated on your wife shortly after she gave birth to your son. You are a celebrity rightfully so infamous and #broke
You know these tweets are going to make you look SO MUCH WORSE when the evidence comes out that there was really an affair, right? This isn't about "celebrities and people of wealth". It's about the @Potus being a liar and a sleaze.
Not false. You've been buying and grabbing women for many many years. Have you ever determined how much money you've spent? You should do it now.
That’s not an excuse you POS
Except nobody thinks her accusations are false.  She’s telling the same story over & over.  
It’s your story that changes every time you answer a question.
I think you’re the liar here, Mr. President.
“People of wealth”  release your tax returns, you crook
Donald Trump is so broke... he needs a payment plan with his attorney.
Pres Trump...Most sane ppl don't care what happened bf you became POTUS....YOU ARE AWESOME!!!! You're doing all you can for the good of America...this is the reason the left & the pretend Repubs despise you..The true USA patriots love what you're doing sir....keep on MAGA
Looking forward to when you no longer need her as a distraction, Boss. We’re all ready for Gen. Flynn to come uncover the bodies. Praise Jesus Christ for not allowing the witch to win. #MAGA #Qanon #WRWY
pay 130000$ to avoid extortion, makes sense
Me silently snickering as the president of my country continues to make an absolute embarrassing fool of himself, and of our nation. The popcorn is running out, Donny. Could you get us a refill so we don’t miss the next scene?
people don't pay off people if what they are claiming is false
how’s your memory, bud? say anything you didn’t want anyone else to hear?
So you can do whatever you want, whether moral or not, as long as you can afford to pay to make it go away.
Why would you need an NDA if there was no affair you fool? Did you not want her to tell ppl how you like your coffee?
Nice try genius 
So what I hear you say is it was ok to pay off Ms Clifford just to keep her quiet before election? Is that what Im hearing you say or am I misunderstanding it?
Savvy businessmen always pay over false accusations- said no one ever.

So you'll pay people to stop them accusing you of affairs, etc. Okay, send me a six figure cheque or else 
Very common? How many more are there?
Which truth am I suppose to believe today?  The one where you pay $$$$$ to keep a false story quiet because this is normal practice? I don’t think I can dummy down that far.
Ahhhh...you just get dumber and dumber http://every.single.day .  It is fascinating, yet excruciating to watch and witness.  #NeverAPresident

The deal was illegal. A candidate for office cannot make people sign NDAs anymore than an elected official can.
Deranged as ever 
Whoever composed this tweet, Trump obviously had something intimate with Ms Daniels, otherwise an NDA would not be necessary, and oh yeah, a reminder, Trump did not sign the NDA.
#trumpypumpy
Your attorney admitted on a nationwide broadcast last night that you committed obstruction of justice when you fired Comey. Also, why are you afraid of Putin?

Is that the case for the other 18 women who have claimed to be victims of you..... No a single word of truth leaves your lying mouth....
You expect us to believe that you paid 130K to silence her for something that NEVER happened?

That's what you want us to believe. Do you ever stop to think about how fucking stupid that sounds?

At least you brought Giuliani in to clean this up...how is that going, BTW?
Non disclosure agreements are very common among those who have to pay people not to tell the truth.
I can’t even imagine, all the women who chased this very successful businessman. They know he’s married. 

Why would they go after a married man 

                    M O N E Y
Only a hit dog will holler, in this case a hit bald, bald-face liar. You can't extort someone if there's no material to extort with, much like you can't indict someone if there's no evidence to indict with. #StupidWatergate #LiarInChief #Resist #Resistance
You’re not a celebrity and clearly your wealth is in question. #TrumpRussia #MoneyLaundering
If 45 wrote this, then I'm King of the World.  He can't put 2 words together unless it says "I'm great."
Stormy says she can describe your genitalia.  I guess that is an easy way to tell who is telling the truth.  Also you lie about everything so no one believes you anymore.
We know and don’t care what you did before you were elected. He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her! No one is without sin on this earth!
Keep on talking, crazy man!
... celebrities and people of wealth :-D pocket money to make it stop
What we care about is that the American people have in you  a great leader and a great  President! Everything else is a puff of smoke.
Only a PIG like Trump would sue the woman he boinked for telling on him.  If there was extortion on her part she'd be in jail. Especially against a sitting POTUS. Nope, Trump boinked her, paid her off with campaign funds. Congress WHY are you allowing this to go on? IMPEACH!
The one you claimed you knew nothing about and paid to cover up.
This is our country (The Citizens) not urs. You work for us sir! Ur position is suppose to be the highest PUBLIC SERVANT OFFICE IN THE WORLD! Servant!! Something u know nothing about! Ur outside of ur area of comfort. Be man enough to say u made a mistake and move on.. RESIGN

LIAR!
We don’t care! Keep up the good work Mr President!!!
Very common among people of wealth. What an entitled hall pass. Throw money, it'll fix everything. No grace.
Congratulations, this tweet constitutes defamation, and all she has to do now is to prove that there was an affair to show that you falsely accused her of extortion.

God DAMN you're stupid.
They took your phone away? No way you wrote this.
I don’t believe you.
These agreements can be made with no financial exchange. The backing of money, is evident that something happened an you felt that $130k would silence the echo of it. Your lawyer, made a deal to cover $130k you didn’t have, you paid him back in installments, “Billionaire”.
Too bad you never signed it
If it's so common then why lie to the American pple for almost 2 yrs calling it a lie & defaming Ms. Daniels.
As usual even when caught denies full truth. How can American pple have any faith in anything this man says or does? Blatant LIAR must resign or be removed!
And you are neither...tic toc tic toc
The person who wrote this tweet is almost as disgusting as Dumb Donnie.
Hahahahaha.  You're toast.
Where are the Caps? Does not look like Trump actually wrote this
Time to unlock the safe and bring on the photos and or videos, Stormy.
But how about that Ruby Giuliani, huh?? 
FAKE NEWS RIGHT?
Nope. Your NDA payoff was for the affair. Which, btw, there is PROOF of. Sorry Donny....you're going DOWN! #CanNotWait
Where do I sign up for this payout? Sure, I'll sign an NDA for $130k!



Yeah right, you just publicly defamed her, but keep at it. So false accusations and extortion is why you also paid off Karen McDougall?
Have someone read you “Flowers for Algernon” by Daniel Keyes. Then resign, you are in way over your head. You can go to trial and ask for leniency based on “Afluenza” defense precedent. It may work for treason too. Putin can set you up beautiful golf course in his stolen Crimea.
Even celebrities and wealthy people don't pay off people who are supposedly lying and extorting, and then make them sign NDAs. They call the police. People only pay off porn stars and try to get them to sign NDAs when what they are saying is TRUE.
If there was no affair, why pay her 130k ?    If it’s that simple, I had an affair with Melania.  Tell her to send me 150k !
Oh, Donald. I hope you've had a good day of praying so far. There's so many things you and the Good Lord have to discuss, and there's going to be LOTS of time for you to talk together in the coming years.

#PrayForEvidence
#PrayForGoodTapes
Is it "very common" to cheat on your wife? Maybe among bible thumpers, but real people DON'T
You people are all stupid! 
PERSONAL lawyer
PERSONAL money
PERSONAL AFAIR 
PERSONAL matter
People pay out money all the time so there wives don't find out they cheated on them. The fact that anyone is acting like this is something new is stupid. 
You guys just keep losing!!!!
#PresidentRottenCrotch thanks you for your support of the less horrifying #AlternativeFacts
@TT45Pac Why hasn't Stormy been investigated for blackmail?
You are TOO BROKE to pay $130,000 for false allegations!!! AND... YOU WOULD NEVER USE YOUR MONEY!!!
You lied to the American people, you lied to @FLOTUS (yet she still stays for reasons unknown) and you continue to lie, justify and attempt to normalize your trifling behavior.  We will never accept you as "normal". #WorstPresidentInHistory
But your not wealthy so what’s your excuse? You will definitely be a celebrity in jail.
To make it perfectly clear: so now the honorable and smart business man admits paying a lawyer for a non-disclosure agreement that he didn't know about, about something he insists never happened.
So what you’re saying is you are the swamp. Celebrities and rich people are the categories you are putting yourself in.
Gotta love all these Demwits dreaming bigly! Always good for a laugh 
#DrZaibKhan: There are more important things to be considered.
Lol, keep trying!
Everybody knows this how this goes if you have money. Ask lottery winners that’s why they try and hide their identities now when they win it.
No one cares about stormy daniel’s
Then why are you responding? This thread is pretty long for nobody caring...But are you a bot who doesn’t care?
yes a russian bot who hates liberals
Celebrities? You mean infamous D-list “celebrities”?
Trumps days are numbered! #TrumpLiesMatter
Your wife must be beaming with pride she landed such a catch
No, the agreement was used by you to stop people from knowing how immoral, conniving, abusive, and dishonest you are, and how willing you are to lie, and deceive.  That was a useless agreement though, because we already know all that about you and more.
#LiarInChief I think you've met your match with @MichaelAvenatti  Goose, goose, duck!
Only slimy cheating celebrities and people of wealth. I'm sure the vast majority never put themselves in positions where hush money and NDA's are needed. We also know that you would sue before paying someone for something that never happened, Stormy must have some proof.
Why has no one taught you to properly thread tweets? John Kerry learned how,  FFS.
You had her sign an NDA to stop her from disclosing things that weren’t true? I’m not sure that’s how an NDA works.
Bwa ha ha ha. Common among rich people to pay money to other people for no damn reason. You silly man. Rich people don't pay sh*t to anyone for nothing. They don't even like to pay other people for real work. Like you. You stiff contractors, waiters, etc. and you think we believe
It's very amusing, in a horribly ironic way, that your base gives you Twitter  for lying to the Amer. people. 

Apparently there are some in your base who will  you no matter what immoral act you commit.

If a Dem Pres. did what you do, your base would be burning effigies.
You said you knew nothing about #Stormy or payments or how they were made. #LiarInChief
This so-called logic of yours is lame. You somehow foresaw a potential problem with Ms Daniels but still found it necessary to draft some agreement in your defense against her while not trusting ur biz agreement w/her? Who does biz like that? Criminals and deviants, that's who.
Right because everybody pays off false accusations. Wink wink 

You realize that with these tweets you are publicly calling your base, followers & voters, dumb & a bunch of rubes. Why do you insult them with lies & unbelievable made up stories? You said on AF1 you knew nothing?
Listen up peasants.... This is what us rich people do
You lie, cheat, bully and you lie, lie lie. You say that everyone else is giving fake news yet it's all true. Michael Cohen is going to flip on you because you're not worth losing his family or his freedom. Just a reminder, you lost the popular vote to HRC by 3 million votes
You’re a mess, aren’t you?  Bless your heart!
 LIAR!!
Is it very common for presidents to lie to the American public on such a regular basis? #impeachTrump #LockThemAllUp #VoteThemOut2018
You lied.  Is that common among people if wealth, too?
#grabEmByThePussy !
Very common among celebrities and people of wealth that bang porn stars while their postpartum 3rd wife is at home; class act, Trumpers!
#DrZaibKhan: Politics for #Democrats have surpassed the #UnitedStates itself. Very sad. Let #PresidentTrump do his job.
I'm so confused with your lies of this affair...
Orange jumpsuit time for you comrade trump.
and of which you are neither. TRUMP IS SO BROKE! “HOW BROKE IS HE??!!!!!!!!!” So broke, he has to live on borrowed time.
Spare me your lies.
#Seriously #Drumpf #EnoughIsEnough !!! #Resign !!!!!
Well, whatever it was for, when she saw you became president she could see the $$$$$$$$$$
Do you really believe this shit you're cooking.
It wasnt an affair.  You her (John) paid for her services, end of story..
You have lied several times with video/audio proof of lies. She has not lied once.
But I thought you knew nothing about the payoff and NDA?  Now all of a sudden you know all about it?
