....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked & respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
The Clinton campaign office, wrong or rightly, saw Maggie Haberman as their pet, as this internal email, published by @WikiLeaks makes clear:

https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/44903#efmAaSAa2Aa8AbLAbtAc6AfMAgd …
This looks fake. The grammar is terrible as if written by someone not from the USA. Hmmmm, could this have been written by a Russian?
Does your mommy know you are using the internet?
Does your mommy know you stole the carrot to practice
I see we are still awaiting the Presidential "pivot." 
Id put tails on every member of the DNC they are all breaking major laws just ask the people who are watching them
So close... so close... Come on, Spanky, nut up. Just say it. Say you’ll pardon him if he gets in trouble.  Say it.
SO SAD AND SICK ABOUT YOU REALLY LOW BEHAVING AND DISGUSTING LANGUAGE. YOU REALLY ARE STAINING AND SHAMMING OUR COUNTRY BEHAVING LIKE A LOW LIFE TOUGH MOBSTER. THIS BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY DESERVE MORE DECENCY, MORALITY AND INTEGRITY FROM THE PERSON WHO CALL HIMSELF president. SHAME
What information does he have on you?
Dear @Twitter 
If anyone else slung verbal abuse as vehemently and as frequently as @realDonaldTrump 
the account would be suspended.
Does the money he generates for you, buy your sleep at night?

She's usually right, you're a third rate president
ANOTHER TRUMP LIE: @maggieNYT has interviewed Trump a dozen times. Maybe he doesn’t talk to her like he talks to Sean Hannity, but that is because she is a journalist and Hannity is not a journalist; a fellow traveler with Trump, sharing his fixer Michael Cohen.
Man I love this .


Hahahahah! .. Yeah... definitely "proof" ... because we ALL know you can't buy used graduation gowns, borrow a friend's... or photoshop pictures 
Johnny, my little Trumpdavidian, Michelle Obama graduated from Princeton and went on to get her JD from Harvard. Not only did she receive a law degree she managed to do so fully clothed. Get thee back to thine bridge small troll
She also is disbarred!! Do you realize how hard it is for a lawyer to get disbarred??!! 
That is complete and absolute bull crap which has been disproven countless times.
You're going to prison #lazytrump.  Best start practicing for your prison job.
Attacking a journalist and admiring Cohen could flip in one tweet.

It's 9:10am
GFY
You mean this Maggie Haberman
Omg a picture in the White House together!
.@realDonaldTrump apparently you’re too stupid to realize you are stating there is reason or information TO “flip” about.
Congrats to Maggie Haberman and her @NYTimes team for their Pulitzer Prize. Obviously it goes only to exceptional journalism.
He cant flip if you didn't do anything wrong....oh wait...
If someone "flips", that means they have a story to tell to the prosecutors. DJT is saying Cohen won't do that, implying Cohen has a story to tell.
Live feed of @MichaelCohen212
He's Bla, Bla Bla (all over the place, frightened thief caught in the night) his bag of tricks slung over his back . calling names like a spoiled  brat, guilty as charged!

Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by @NYTimesTravel including an option
  from @TrumpNewYork: http://nyti.ms/1q3YwVV .
Pay attention Trumpateers, Cohen is great now but once he tells the truth, and he will, then he will be a liar, crooked, etc. Loyalty only goes so far, and Cohen’s wife will see to that!

Hillary Clinton doesn’t go on Twitter every other day and call   do you continue to attack this woman used to be friends with her and her husband Do you the favor a country and move on from Hillary Clinton
Reporters don't need to talk to the subject of their reporting. Have you ever read anything?
Hey dirtbag donnie the only thing "third rate" is you
#ShortFingeredVulgarian

#BenedictDonald

#NaderGotImmunity

#MuellerKnows

#NoWayOut
Yes, but you just made that so-called 5th rater reporter famous by even bothering 2 mention her.
Why would an "innocent" person even think about his lawyer flipping unless he is hiding stuff. Attacking the press is the typical bad look for you, admitting guilt is worse.

Perfect
Whatever...
Pretty sure Maggie Haberman won a Pulitzer last week for her in-depth & factual reporting of yr spiteful, pernicious, accomplishment free  trainwreck of a presidency. 

But by all means keep tweeting yr treasonous rancor. They will all be used as evidence. 

#Worstpresidentever
Donnie, just saying the word "flip" suggests your guilty!! Not smart. Not smart but informative.  This isn't a witch hunt. Paying women to remain silent with sketchy funds and fraud is real. Your boy is going to prison! So will you!!

Crooked @realDonaldTrump is flipping out about whether Michael Cohen will flip or not. Highly entertaining to see Don the Con unraveling!

@Threadreaderapp unroll
Let's pray for Melania! It's hard keeping hands in her pockets walking next to Donald. Trump is not running for re-election
You are the President of the United States. Why are you wasting your valuable time putting down people? Especially on Twitter? If we did this in Corporate America, we'd be suspended or even terminated in a hot minute...
How ironic for the man who heightened the words “you are fired” to be the one at the receiving end - when Muller’s investigations is complete. Hahahaha.
You mean same way I spelled Groggy? It’s okay and irrelevant..But you understand the intent of the tweet.
The NY Times Pulitzer winning reporter, who uses words I don’t use cause they have too many syl’bls and I flunked English, has been revealing my lawyer’s relationship to organized crime. I am afraid he will flip and reveal that I am a crook.

There, I fixed it.

How many tweets would a twit tweet if Trump was the twit tweeting?
I don't understand. If you're innocent shouldn't you be saying he can't "flip" on you since there isn't any evidence of wrongdoing for him to turn over to prosecutors?
Everyone else understands what he means . What’s your problem?
First, you're almost certainly a paid troll or bot. Second, there isn't a good explanation for why an innocent man would need to assure anyone that his former lawyer won't inform on him.
Ethan, you must have forgotten. Twitter purged all the “Russian bots”. We’re out here & we’re real. Now how ya gonna explain us away? Hmmmm?
Third rate? The Pulitzer Prize winning Maggie Haberman. 
What does it matter if he flips if you’ve done nothing wrong?????  What are you trying to hide?
It's like listening to a six year old. How embarrassing.
Third rate Maggie Haberman won a Pulitzer Prize!

The same Maggie that you've spoken to many times!

You aren't even Third Rate!
Iys pretty bad when the NEW YORK  TIME'S TIMES WANT  TRUMP GONE. That state is your home and they don't like you. That should give you a wake up call.
crooked H flunky @maggieNYT has been hard on @HillaryClinton and takn  4 it constantly. Who knew orange skin is so thin.
Not as thin as anyone who votes Democrat. They need someone to think for them. That’s why they read NYT & watch CNN & MSNBC.
oh really? We like to be informed not ignorant
If you really liked to be informed about truth, you wouldn’t allow the corrupt media to do your thinking for you. You would wonder why OBAMA gave Billions to Foreign Countries. Why CLINTON signed NAFTA ACT. I’ll tell you why. Bankrupt USA. For Gov. control.
increase your meds You are right about corruption. Just look at this administration
Guess Uranium deal, Obama giving Billions to foreign Countries wasn’t corruption. BTW, where are the tapes & emails Hillary sent to China. Why did Russia give millions to Clinton’s TAXFREE 5+Billion foundation after the Uranium deal? I’ll wait for explanation
you would do well to stop listening to Alex Jones and Hannity Nothing you say is real. Even Fox News debunked Uranium story
Six exclusive interviews since 2016. You do know about the internet and tgat we can look up your lies, right??
That’s a lie!! Top-rated reporter who interviewed you many times. Why can you never tell the truth?? #FAKEPREZ
Is this the @maggieNYT you never talk to and have nothing to do with?

Translation: there is a reason to flip.
So YOU are admitting that both @realDonaldTrump and Michael Cohen have committed crimes. That's the only reason there is to Flip. If there are no crimes, there is nothing to flip on.
Trump with a person he doesn't speak to and has nothing to do with. OMG Was he lying again? Isn't that Maggie Haberman he has his arm around?
You and Cohen are going down dude.  Cohen will flip, you wait
You have absolutely no credibility. The nation is embarrassed of you.
Only the nation of Democrats. BTW, all free countries love Trump. History will show Obama worse Presidents. Trump rating will be one of the best for Amer. That love USA & Free country.
You mean after all the Corruption proven, you would still vote DEMOCRAT? After NAFTA ACT. Putting over 66,000 Americans out of work in less then 3 yrs. You still would vote DEMOCRAT? Guess Want Soc/ COMMUNISM. Prefer Gov. do your thinking! Sad.
You honestly have no clue as to what you are speaking about. If you think Trump is not the most corrupt Pres we have ever had you are so delusional. Where do you even get your info? Bias news outlets? Pathetic.
Guess thinking giving Billion & Billions to Foreign Countries was good. Selling Uranium to Russia good. NAFTA ACT by Bill Clinton good. Guess Sanctuary States good. You think all the things Democrats did good for Country? You sick.
Your tweet is so unprofessional and definitely not Presidential. You are so quick to belittle, bully, and criticize people. Took a good look in the mirror and see if you see perfection.
Smh...
45, you had to be that pissy little kid in school that was voted “Most likely to...”
But he likes to be pissed on.
Innocent people don't worry about people "flipping." You're clearly quite worried.

#CohenFlipped
Really? How do you know that? Heard it on CNN or was it MSNBC.
Sorry Barb...I can read, I don't need TV news. Wake up and open your eyes sweetheart, acquire a sense of the world around you. 

#CohenFlipped #Indictments
True! Reason I voted for TRUMP. Want my Children & Grandchildren to live in a free Country. Not a Soc/ Communist country Clinton’s,Obama & Geo. Soros wants. Rem. He was the largest contrib. To Obama & Hillary’s Campaigns. Ever wonder why? Just told U.
Well, sweetie...the smart people of the world are going to drag you knuckle-dragging mooks into the future, whether you like it or not. We've done it over and over in the past and we'll continue to do so. Your grandchildren will thank us for saving our democracy.
Ever wonder why a former Nazi, Atheist, Communist, Geo Soros, contributed such a large Amt of Money to Obama & Hillary’s campaigns. What was in it for him?  Would be interested to know your explanation. Remember, Trump didn’t run against Obama.
I don't expect you to understand how decent people think, but we are capable of making sacrifices that benefit all of society...not just ourselves.
This is NOT how someone innocent talks. If U think about MichaelCohen flipping, you know he has information you don’t want revealed. Why not say “I’m not worried about what Michael Cohen says, because all our dealings have been legal and ethical.” You’re saying just the opposite.
An innocent person when they find out that their lawyer's office has been raided:

"I encourage my lawyer to cooperate with the authorities as I'm confident that this investigation will turn up no evidence of impropriety."

A guilty person:

See the tweets above.
He did. Catch up!
Don’t be sorry, I read the tweets & I didn’t read into them like U did! How are U going 2feel when everything U think about OUR President turns out 2b wrong? Will U apologize or will U  just keep looking 4something wrong about OUR President?
Don't have To look Far to Find something Wrong with Him.
He is Slowly destroying The usa.
Honestly, the Way he Causes you Guys to Fight amongst Yourselves is Almost genius.
You capitalized so many words in that last tweet... yet couldn’t be bothered to use caps on “USA”.

I’d say that this is an impressive lack of both writing skills and self-awareness but I’m guessing you’ve got way better hypocrisy that’s still on the way. Morbidly curious to see.
you are an embarassment to the great people of America. stop acting like a 10yr school yard bully. #spanky @fakepotus
Is that the Pulitzer prize-winning journalist you've spoken to repeatedly?
OH, REST ASSURED DUMP HE WILL FLIP

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Someone please, #IvankaTrump, #Flotus, help him! He needs psychological assistance.
You claim to be innocent of all the crimes you have not been charged with, so what is there for Cohen to flip on? Dumb, dumb treet Donnie.
Obviously you‘re lying .... in the case of Maggie Haberman
Liar
Not one tweet about unarmed African American hero who disarms white serial killer with AR15. Might upset your base.
I'd be proud to say the you don't talk to me!
The only flunkie in this story is a certain orange menace.
If you've done nothing wrong, you have no worries about Cohen flipping. When you continue to tweet about flipping. you look guilty.
You mean *this* Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Maggie Haberman who you don't know????  #MoreLies
Third rate reporters don’t win Pulitzers, you caricature of a public official!  DUH!

Maggie Haberman a "third rate reporter"? Is your denigration based upon your experiences as a third rate--or worse--New York businessman?
You certainly seem scared about him flipping, to the point of openly obstructing justice, waiving pardons, in an effort to keep Cohen quiet. But he can't escape, and u can't pardon, NY State charges & convictions. You'll both look nice in Sing-Sing.
Yes, I do believe you know her.  I suppose that pic of the two of you together is "fake news"?
hello
3rd grade president's behaviour. Sad... very sad. Grow up!
Michael Cohen and his relationship with you is what got him raided & is what destroyed him in the first place, and esp. got him into court in the first place. @cnn @nytimes @washingtonpost @msnbc
You say flip!! Does that mean that you are admitting to the collusion? Because otherwise what would he have to say? Explain!
Maggie scares you Donny boy...which is actually smart, you should be scared!
Funny there's pictures of you guys together.
Your words have no value.
Fun fact.  The NY Times has doubled their readership since you slithered into the oval office.
So this denial means that it's true.
Thanks for the confirmation Orange Bloatus.
Please resign.  PLEASE.

I can tell you I don't believe a word out of Trumps mouth.  not. one. word.
Blocked
Given the fact that you, Mr Trump, don't know how to tell the truth about anything, not even things that it would behoove you to be truthful about, you are in to position to comment on anyone else's honesty.
Reporter doing her job: third-rate flunkie.
Dictator who murders and starves his people: very honorable.
Run that one by me again?
Who Cares if You Speak to Maggie Haberman or not. She is a Professional and You can't even Hold a Candle to Maggie Haberman! You Tweet Like You think People Care= You aren't All That Trump ~We Just Want You to ~Resign #
What’s a first rate reporter doing with a third rate president, and a fourth rate human being?


No one needs to go out of their way at all when it comes to exposing you.
That's right Donald keep on talking. I mean typing. Lol
Love seeing how much you're getting busted for the lies within lies. Get used to it.
Your attorney today: "Based on the advice of counsel, I will assert my 5th amendment rights in connection with all proceeding in this case due to the ongoing criminal investigation by the FBI & U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York,"  M Cohen
We have seen the enemy, its most of our own media. They are doing our country a great diservice
For the love of God and country....Go to bed #AmbienTweetingTrump

"don't speak to and have nothing to do with" ?  Really, I thought you and Maggie Hagerman were pretty chummy. Oh well, we'll just chalk it up to one more of your lies and move on like your base does.
Maggie Haberman just won a Pulitzer Prize in journalism.   Maybe you need to take a few “EQUATE” Nightime Sleep Aid capsules, Now go & take a nap as long as you can, like Rip Van Winkle, I assure you, you will not be missed !!!
Here's a few of the interviews that you have given to @maggieNYT , 
that you now are denying. I've attached a picture you did w/Maggie from July 2017 interview
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/27/us/politics/donald-trump-interview-highlights.html …
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/us/politics/donald-trump-foreign-policy-interview.html …
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/23/us/politics/trump-new-york-times-interview-transcript.html …
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/19/us/politics/trump-interview-transcript.html …
https://www.nytimes.com/video/us/politics/100000005285371/donald-trump-interview-sessions-comey.html …
Trump said he didn’t know her & didn’t talk to her, there’s picture evidence that he has met w/her in the White House & interview transcripts of him w/her. Your guy lies about knowing her & your side ignores his lie.
Sides have existed since God separated light and darkness, Genesis 1:4 - And God saw the light, that it was good; and God divided the light from the darkness. You support your guy, that’s great for you. I never will & that’s my God given, Constitutionally provided right to do
Isaiah 11:6 - The wolf will live with the lamb,
    the leopard will lie down with the goat,
the calf and the lion and the yearling[a] together;
    and a little child will lead them.
I don't understand WHY you have to assign people a demeaning Nick name. You're misleading. Cohen has warrants served on him. Reports are going to come out regarding the situation. By tweeting neg. barb's, are you not giving neg stories legs? Just asking
Congrats to Maggie on winning the Pulitzer Prize.
wow, sounds like Ms Haberman struck a nerve. Your reaction is akin to the spoiled brat caught in a lie and resorts to name calling.....a long time out is needed.
It's called reporting douche bag
@maggieNYT with #PutinsPuppet  @realDonaldTrump  #MAGA #news #nowplaying #music #np #rt #debateine #newprofilepic #mtvlainstaarviciconte #peing #mtvlakpopbts #got7  #premiosmtvmiaw #mtvlaflamalali 

More lies....First, Ms. Haberman is not a third rate reporter.  Second, You have spoken to her.   Sad.  No Integrity.  No Competence.  No Value.
Your “Comrades” will be flipping like  pancakes
I'm sorry...I'm tired of you attempting to denigrate the Press because they aren't loyal to you. You're using Hitler's playbook...and I WILL speak against you!
Thank goodness for thorough reporters like Maggie.  We have to have someone challenge your lies as well as Crooked Michael's.
Innocent people don’t “flip.”
Ha Coming from a Third rate POTUS. @maggieNYT could wipe the floor with you. You couldn’t shine her shoes. Intellectually she buries you and integrity-wise there is not comparison. She has http://it.You  don’t! It’s as simple as that.Real News,Not Trump State News FOX.
it's their ploy to force drop of Buzzfeed lawsuit on fake dossier.  My guess they delay^forever DNC v. Trump campaign & same as DOJ trickle out discovery evidence buried in millions of pages of nothing. Sessions needs to do his job. Start w/ Imran Awan.
Hmmmm. Is there something he can "flip" on you for?  This is a weird post, why would you be paranoid about someone "flipping" on You?  What does he have on you?
She has a picture of you and Maggie standing in the oval office. Another lie by you. Can't you tell the truth?
Love my (and yours too) President.


Ur followers hate the Clintons cuz Clinton beat Bush in 92 produced great economy +govt to balanced budgets+ surpluses.Ur followers can never identify anything the Clintons did that were felonies.0 prosecutors want2 make fraudulent case against the Clintons
I’m filming a new TV show called “Everyone Thinks Everyone’s A Terrorist” 
I have heard @maggieNYT Haberman’s reports on @cnn for years and she seems like a diligent, responsible reporter to me.
yeah, sure!

You cry to her all of the time.
...AS FAR AS ALL THESE CROOKED ANARCHIST "FBI AGENTS" THAT'VE BEEN PAID BY HILLARY CLINTON TO DISTURB THE LIFE OF YOUR ATTORNEY & VIOLATE HIS PRIVACY & THE PRIVACY OF HIS CLIENTS, THEY WILL HAVE THEIR DAY OF JUSTICE. NO ONE CAN PERFORM EVIL AND HOPE TO AVOID THE ATTACHED JUSTICE.
Time to follow @maggieNYT if she has gotten under your skin!
Lie down with dogs, @maggieNYT, get up with fleas.
“The mob takes the Fifth. If you're innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment??” — Donald Trump, September 2017.

@realDonaldTrump
Scared yet?
ARE YOU SAYING THE 2 INTERVIEWS IN THE OVAL OFFICE WITH MAGGIE DIDNT HAPPEN & THE 4 PHONE INTERVIEWS YOU HAD WITH HER WEREN’T REAL.  WELL YOUR THE LIAR
So if you are so innocent,  what exactly would Michael Cohen being flipping on you? You really should get off Twitter admitting to crimes.
"Maggie Haberman..who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with.."

She interviewed you TWICE in the Oval Office and spoke to you on THREE SEPARATE occasions on the phone?? But you have never spoken to her?? You cannot even tell the truth about simple conversations...LOL #JOKE
@FLOTUS , would this be considered a form of #cyberbullying ?  Asking for a Nation. @nytimes
You mean, the Pulitzer Prize winning journalist? @maggieNYT - you keep suggesting she knows nothing yet everything she has written over the past year + has ended up being true... 
Dude, you treat Micheal Cohen. Like sh**.... ever heard of Karma... it’s looking for you.... good luck

I'M PRAYING FOR YOU DEAR LOVING, KIND, HARD-WORKING PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP! YOU'RE AN INSPIRATION TO ALL TRUE AMERICANS TO WORK HARDER FOR OUR COUNTRY, TO BE PRODUCTIVE EFFICIENT CITIZENS, TO RAISE FINE FAMILIES & HONEST PRODUCTIVE TAX-PAYING CITIZENS, TO BE THE BEST WE CAN BE
@MichaelCohen212
You mean this Maggie Haberman in the Oval Office with you? https://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2018/04/597164/ … 
Yeah; tell me another one Drumph. #FBR #Idiocracy #Foxy
What would Michael Cohen flip about?
Cohen was raided cause FBI knows he lied about NEVER BEING IN PRAGUE.  HE WAS JUST AS DOSSIER STATED.  Mueller HAS EVIDENCE HE LIED ABOUT IT, CAN'T BE TRUSTED TO TURN OVER EVIDENCE.  MR. Pres. YOU ARE REASON HE'S IN LIMELIGHT, COVERING YOUR ADULTERY TO HELP WIN ELECTION! #Impeach
Funny how you’ve not talked to anyone - and yet on twitter you can’t stop yapping
They are all disgusting, any Liberal Democrat in my eyes, is not worth the crap I clean out of my cat box...
No one that has an ounce of sense believes that corrupt rag anyway.
“Who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with”
You may not talk to Ms Haberman, but you know who she is and you are using a lot of energy talking about her. Just shows how worried you are about Cohen "flipping".
These #AntiTrumpers are dangerous. I was foolish to underestimate the lengths they would go to attempt to take you down. #DeepState. #SupportPotus. RT if you agree.
No RT’s. . You are a joke madam
#Q Says a #MOAB Is coming this Week.
Maybe: 
1. IG Report
2.Tarmac Video where Clintons offer #Lynch @Scotus if she shuts down #Hillary Investigation.
3. Mueller finished & #Trump cleared
4. DHS Election Fraud Report 7 MIL #Trump votes FLIPPED to #Hillary by Voting Machine Fraud.
Grow up with the name calling. Just makes you look insecure.
Truth always hurts Democrats. Prefer Gov. control. Want someone to tell them how to think. Trump wants to save free speech for America. Dem. Voters want Gov. to tell them what to say & think. Why they watch CNN.
This dem does not watch CNN. Trump, and republicans don't want free speech they do want government run media why else watch the king of fake news Fox. Fox and the President never say anything critical of the other. An independent thinking person would wonder why.
Wouldn’t it be better to hear both sides and have an open mind that you just might be voting for wrong party all these yrs. Don’t you wonder why Billions went to foreign countries. Why Clinton signed NAFTA ACT. Why sell Uranium to Russia. Think!!
We knowww who he is!


So explain the picture of you and Huberman being cozy in the Oval Office, could it be that you are a liar 
...that is affirmative
God help him

Ahh... @realDonaldTrump NEVER spoken to @maggieNYT ... BELIEVE ME! ..you have ...BIGLY! 
Stop acting and talking like a fool DJT! You talk like a high school bully!

So you are saying the government wants you to lie?

Looks like I will be banishing more demons tonight.....
You are a bad joke Mr. Cheeto. Spell her name right. She has interviewrd you twelve times in 2 years? You don't know her? Senility once again.

Donald is broke not a capitol a crier just a dick
Your friends that stick closer than a brother. Mr.Cohen is one of those. Congratulations on having a true friend
If Haberman was third rate, why did you do so many interviews with her?

#LOSER
You just wish you were third rate, Donnie. You'll have to move up about a million spots to get there, though.  As for Cohen, him and his Russian mafia buddies will sell you out in an instant.
Hey Cadet Bone Spurs. The ONLY thing that will cause Cohen to flip on you is the very real threat of major prison time. And YOU cannot pardon him from it. He'll flip just like every other former servant of yours that has faced prison time for you.
"The mob takes the Fifth. If you’re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?"

"The mob takes the Fifth. If you’re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?"

"The mob takes the Fifth. If you’re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?"
Hideous coward and witless slob your words are vile
Jesus, you are the whiniest BITCH this country has ever had the misfortune to be saddled with

If you can’t stand the heat, get the fuck out of our White House
The truth hurts doesn't it? Maybe that's why you never smile or laugh -- too much painful truth flying out of your hide holes.
Maggie the mutt
