Disneyland! 
KIM JUNG UN WANTS TO GO TO DISNEYLAND IN ANAHEIM.
YOU CAN MEET FOR BREAKFAST WITH ALL THE DISNEY CHARACTERS. HE'LL BE PUTTY IN YOUR HANDS AND GIVE YOU ANYTHING SO HE CAN GET OUT TO SPACE MOUNTAIN.
Somebody in the White House: please teach the President the difference between common and proper nouns,  especially which require capitals and which don’t.
Aunt Olive, there isn't a soul in the world, but you,  who cares about grammar cops.
Maybe you think it’s ok that your leader uses capital letters like a 6 year old but to my mind it’s one of many habits that make him an international embarrassment
¿¿¿"embarrassment"??? Au contraire! First #POTUS who makes me proud again to "feel American"!! @realDonaldTrump rocks the WORLD for ALL (WW) who are "woke" - have come to see beyond the paid^MSM^Lies and investigate! Have You heard Korean voices? 
Crowdsourcing Summit locations ... @ODNIgov @StateDept @DeptofDefense probably better sources than @Twitter — but If you’re asking KJU would love the DMZ tho if you’re asking. Gives him the upper hand / in HIS comfort zone with HIS ability to shape the “experience”
Crowdsourcing. Funny. Of course, not funny.
Non Korean, safe.location. Maybe Israel?
Haha really? Would be funny, but not safe.
VERY funny!!!!!
South Korean President Moon Jae-in has convinced North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to hold his upcoming meeting with US President Donald Trump at the demilitarized zone  DMZ separating the two Koreas, #peacekorea will pave the way for denuclearization,
Kim Jong Un agrees to meet Donald Trump at DMZ demilitarized zone separating the two Koreas, a more Representative, Important and Lasting site  https://edition.cnn.com/2018/04/30/asia/trump-kim-summit-dmz/index.html?sr=twCNN043018trump-kim-summit-dmz0801PMVODtop …
When are you going to prison for treason? Just asking.
I'm  from South Korea 

1. Trump President Noble Peace Prize Winner 

2. Korea land... North or South korea land anywhere good !!
Exemple : Peace House, Freedom 
House, Pyong-yang, Busan haeundae
and Jeju Island etc.. All welcomes 

3. Trump President number 1♡♡♡
PEEFECT site! Will be a monument to draining the swamp for centuries.
Do not let China and Russia participate ……
Why did you capitalize Representative, Important and Lasting? Just asking! (No, really, I’m asking. For some reason this bothers me more than any other thing you’ve ever tweeted. For real. It’s driving me crazy. Why did you do it? Why???)
Youre
https://twitter.com/solentgreenis/status/991290360352722945?s=19 … #MAGA #PotusVSG #WednesdayWisdom RT
In celebration of peace between North and South Korea....How can anyone question @POTUS and his ability to lead our country! Thank you so much Mr. President! 
Yes more reps would make better communications between the two divided nations

Yes, Great idea, north/south peace house.
It would be impressive moment for all Korean and people who want peace in this world. Peace house? Yes! I support you. You are doing amazing work!! It must be written in the history forever.
Did you take your Imodium? 
Just asking!

My house in college was referred to as Freedom House, mind if I come to this meeting?
I trust your judgement. Just make sure you have plenty of security & a personal food taster.
good♡♡♡♡
Good Luck, President Trump! The world is all watching you!
As long as security is unbelievably covered. The symbolism of Peace House/Freedom House would be amazing for the world to see this historic event. You deserve The Noble Peace Prize because @POTUS you were the ongoing catalyst for this change. You amaze me!

Trump is  % responsible for North Korea’s denuclearization #sapir
Just Be Careful! Use Every Precaution!
Like he wore on his penis when with his prostitutes.
Yeah, just like that!  I can tell you’re a Liberal... No Class! 
Make a decision, don't ask twitter! 
That's why you are paid the big bucks
That’s why he donates the Big Bucks! 
Paying for democracy, the very best kind. No one has better...
Just BE CAREFUL!!!! So much EVIL lurking around every corner. Bad people want to hurt you and the World. PLEASE be CAREFUL! WE NEED YOU!!! God Bless You Mr. President♡

#QAnon 
#ArrestComey #ArrestClapper #ArrestClinton
#MAGA 
#Trump2020 
#Qanon8chan
On the border!  Great job!!
Peace house.  Their country was divided by the conflict of outsiders.  Let their peace be done in their own country, even if we help it along.
Novel prize to TRUMP !!
Excellent choice!!!세요~!!!

순간의 선택이 평생을 좌우한다는
한국말이 있지요...^^
Jong Un is getting MORE THAN HE COULD HAVE DREAMED OF. He gets to meet the President of the U.S.**** (or, well you) ... and now we see that you are looking to meet on his soil? What A WIN FOR JONG UN! You want the CELEBRATION & believe you will get a Nobel PP? LOL
My great honor, Our president, Mr. Trump !   I and all my family agree with you!  The meeting at Peace House / Freedom House would be perfect in many aspects.    We always trust you and what you do for our world!
YES.The President Donals Trump is a peace maker and a symbol of Peace for all world !!!!!!! Love you. My forever my president , Mr. Trump !!
Sonds reasonable.
Must be held at Panmunjom


Yes. Keep it intimate. You can control the crowds and press at Panmunjom. Please keep it in control. Keep filthy lying press out and send Jim Acosta to Syria.
POTUS follow your instincts, meeting on the DMZ would show true commitment and give the north an opportunity to show we are sincere. Spare no resource if danger arise. Plan accordingly
Why capitalize words in the middle of sentences?
When are you going to resign? Just asking!
Sounds good.
Why the hell are you asking people on Twitter? Oh yeah, it’s because you have no state department.

No cheeseburgers at the DMZ

think about it
Dont sign 447 just act.!
I THINK U SHOULD MEET KIN JUN UN ON THE DMZ !!!  THAT WILLBE AN HISTORIC PLACE FOR A PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH DEAL !!!
Yes I agree with you Mr.President.
I  absolutely  agree  to be  held  in Korea
Good  Idea!!!
为了规避wto 政府借云南之手成立 #泛亚 4年间用政府红头文件、与16家银行合伙、央视搭台等手段，用老百姓的钱倒腾了7万吨稀有金属，现一纸非法既不出钱又名正言顺收了货。这个局做得是让老百姓无处喊冤啊！  #郭文贵 #习近平 #XiJinping #李克强 #王岐山 #中兴 #华为 #MayDay
My guess is that Second Summit deja vu play probably helps to makes more fun talk, good, peaceful mood talk result. Make more deep effective talk summit.
Maybe Vietnam? I no you did your best to stay out of there but I think you owe it to all who served and died there especially the ones who were captured there and held prisoner while you said you're Nam was trying not to get VD chasing skirts! SAD!
Yes, that's a good idea!
What are you talking about? You are an IDIOT! Is this what you mean to say: Several countries are being considered as a neutral territory for the North/South Korea forum? (side note: You're too much of a MORON to attend).
Absolutely!!!
Dear Mr. @POTUS,
Have you considered #Taiwan?
This is how you can solve #TradeWar with China and Denuclearization with #NorthKorea in ONE meeting.
@ODNIgov @ODNI_NIC @CIA @NSAGov @NCSCgov @DHSgov @DefenseIntel @NatReconOfc @AFSpace @INSAlliance @HouseIntelComm @inteldotgov
Are you going to answer 49+ questions that Mueller wants to ask you. Just asking, ha, ha, ha ,ha, so loving this cause you’re so twisted
Peace house is perfect!!

주한미군철수는 중국몽 시진핑에게 주는 선물.
미군이 철수할 경우 한국은 종국 중공의 종속국 동맹국이 될것. 암울한 미래를 선물하는 상황. 동북아의 공산주의 도미노.
당신은 그것을 원하는가?
How about The Waffle House? Isn’t there something you should be doing, saying, acknowledging, thanking or showing some humanity to, (that’s “HUMAN-ity”, not “SEAN HANNITY”- just in case your fourth-grade vocabulary definitely doesn’t include the word), regarding The Waffle House?
#hypocrites #NotMyPresident
Yes it would be the  best option!!!  Glory to the Lord, Nobel Peace Prize for Mr. President Trump, and Peace for Koreas. You would be the best US President ever for Koreans when these things happen.
Yes, u could be bombed easily there... Just kidding.
Secret Service might be after you now…. Just saying.
#USAkillYemenis
Try a place that uses upper case appropriately.
#Raminhosseinpanahi
South Korea Border site is where it belongs! However, security? Would North Korea coup send in missiles and eliminate both Trump and their own leader? Be careful!!!
Why don’t you ask your DEPLORABLE BASE where you should hold your meetings!
If you meet with Korea please make it somewhere other than any side of Korea !
Our greatly honor President!  YES Sir!
 The location will be the most safe  ( The UN Force are right   next there), significant , and historical location !
#NoNobelForYou  The committee would laugh the nomination out of the room.
Russia..Homefield advantage.
Hold meeting at the Border of N/S Kore.
US President, 
How about Pyeongchang?
Yes, it would seem appropriate.
˝문정인 발언, 항상 실현됐다˝…주한 미군 철수 논의 현실화되나
문정인 대통령 외교안보특보는 4월 30일(현지시간) 한반도 평화협정이 체결되면 주한미군 주둔을 정당화하기 어려울 것이라고 밝혔다.
Yes!!!!
Traitor & fake Christian. Not a follower of Jesus Christ!
Thank you, Mr. President Thanks to 
you I'm making more money than I have since 1992 #MAGA
if it was happening in DMZ, I would not like to be in South Korea that day.
Lil Sis would be in DPRK bunker, all weapons #LoadedAndLocked
...just in case Kim gets food poisoning or heart attack.....then Seoul might be erased....

Just hope Kim read ALL Malko Linge adventures!

Mr. President, thank you for inspiring a very powerful peace discussion! With your leadership, Global Inner Peace™ can be possible. #POPOLOGY® to generate wealth & liberty to all of the American People, & with your help other nations too! For Diplomacy mention #KPOP #POPOLOGIST®
[인터뷰: 갈루치 전 특사] “완전한 비핵화 검증은 불가능…핵 실험장 폐기는 쇼”
米メディア「金委員長が板門店での開催に同意」(18/05/02) https://youtu.be/P16kTOM4Y5c  @YouTubeさんから
HECK YES! Do it right on the border. Then, have a HUGE PARTY after the meeting so the two peoples can meet as one yet again.
#FreedomHouse
DMZ is most honorable place to have it in honor of all who gave the ultimate sacrifice for peace Sir
Most educated people don't capitalize adjectives unless they're part of a name, like Little Big Horn, or White House or New York.
Symbolically it makes sense, militarily there is no way to protect you

Vulnerability of America for show is not the most prudent idea
Personally I think he should come here
Great Idea. Best thing for all.
Yes Mr. President....   Foward thinking at its best !
Keep up the excellent work Prez!
This is where your legacy was estabished.  It will create a stronger and lasting bond plus build credibility to your mutual trust and accord you both have in place.
Go to Honolulu Hawaii at the Arizona Memorial site.... As a reminder of the last Pacific War....
Does Flint have drinkable water yet? Just asking!

why are you capitalizing words that should not be capitalized? Is anyone spellchecking your tweets? Who Writes That Way. #Sad.
No!!! Como deje de hacerlo a partir de ahora mucha gente te va (vamos) a odiar! https://youtu.be/RKjk0ECXjiQ?t=782 … (min 13:02)
lol jajaja cierto.
#POTUS. #MAGA. #ReleaseTheTexts. #UnRedacted. #TheGreatAwakening. #Qanon. #PrayForPotus. #PrayForKanye. #LockHerUp. #BringFlynnBack. #DrainTheSwamp. #FakeNews.
Definately. 
You are the one who will get the Nobelprize:)
Twitter is hardly the platform to discuss diplomacy.
Certainly reduces the chance of mass protests to your very presence.
Actually just go play golf and let Moon finish the job. He is doing well by handling you while he gets it done. #MoonNobel
트럼프 대통령 만났던 탈북민들 “미북정상회담 판문점 개최는 위험”  --- 판문점은 북한이 거짓으로 선전하는 조국해방전쟁의 상징적 장소로 트럼프 대통령이 이곳에 오면 미국이 백기를 들고 투항했다고 선전할 가능성이 크다는 겁니다.
I like it!
You might want to make a point and hold the peace conference in Hiroshima, Japan as a reminder of the devastating consequences when using nuclear weapons. What do you think Ambassador @dennisrodman ?  #MakeTheWorldGreatAgain
呵呵。
Yes
Yes!
My favorite 3rd Party: Switzerland
DMZ: Definitely an option, especially with the recent handshake. You could create a "tear down this wall" moment.
USA: Having negotiations in the USA and allowing Kim Jong-un to go to an NBA game and tour the country could be very useful.





This new penchant you have for using initial caps for adjectives in the middle of a sentence is making all the real ivy leaguers cringe.

I think that is a wonderful idea! Your careful consideration of the site is one of the reasons I voted for you! I wish you all the best at this meeting! God bless you and God bless America!  #maga #NorthKorea
Yes
wHy Do yOu cApItaLizE RaNdOM wOrdS dOnNy????
How about Nuremburg?

Yes, absolutely! Peace house it is, as the name represents
Yes, that is a great idea a peace house reflects the purpose, intent and long term hope for both countries.

Are you meeting at Panmunjom? You are also one of the unbelievable US presidents. The Nobel Peace Prize paves the way for the American alliance. We sold our blood to North Korea 's nuclear weapons. You are just a fool.
In Korea.
This is about Korea and the Korean people. Yes do it in Korea and reunify this country and bring peace.  Keep going!!! Stay strong!!! And #MAGA
Oh dear lord..you still on that crazy...Kim Jung Il was nuttier than a pet coon..and the crazy doesn't fall far from the tree..This is a set up to get the US out of South Korea..and then He will go bonkers..He blew up a whole mountain with his crazy tests..
Dear Honorary President, the Bible already told YOU, as same Cyrus King, please be strong to Enemies.

And I will give thee the treasures of darkness, and hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, the Lord, which call thee by thy name, am the God of Israel.
Absolutely.
Dear President, please be strong you are as like Cyrus King.

Thus saith the Lord to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I have holden, to subdue nations before him; and I will loose the loins of kings, to open before him the two leaved gates; and the gates shall not be shut
Yes!  Unless they both come here!

For safety reasons don’t publicize the place of the meeting!

WHY are you asking?!? WHO are you asking?!?
#trump #president
Yes, I think it would be a good place to meet.
I think the first thought is a fantastic idea, it makes a lot of sense
why not hawaii?
Go to hell real stupid donald trump
#USA must leave our region. The one who must leave is the #USA, not the #IslamicRepublicOfIran. We are from this region: the #PersianGulf is our home; #WestAsia is our home.…
Mongolia, an only place in central asia where democracy holds. Please consider Mongolia.
Wtf. Donald forgot how to call experienced diplomats from his empty desk. Again.
Do it at Guantanamo, that way you can get adjoining cells.




It's going to be historical summit. Koreans love you very much. God bless you.
I suggest of Malaysia where Kim Jong Nam was assassinated by VX or USA.
agree~~~~~ that's good idea
You seriously ended that lame tweet with “Just asking!”
Once again you have confirmed that you have absolutely no clue. Study their history, or at least stay awake during your briefings. Just saying!
It is significant & also emotional. God cares.
Yes.  Yes.  Yes
Yes! That’s the place. Thank you
Peace House/ Freedom House is a great choice. 
I hope Kim assassinates you. #PresiDunce
You mean you’ve already been told it can’t be at Mar A Lago?
Thank you President for your hard work! May God bless you!
Agreed!
Beautiful to me.
Makes total sense as usual. Get the buy in Commitment and Ownership to the whole peace agreement & prices . End of the war, Denuclearise, Structured and Prioritises investment, rebuild, humanitarian, business,

U.S. has allowed first members of migrant caravan into U.S. territory for asylum processing, according to Custom and Border Protection sources. https://nbcnews.to/2rd67oa 
Why are you asking for advice on this crucial topic here Twitter? This isn’t an: “In-N-Out Burger or Shake Shack” poll you demented, deranged moron. You are the POTUS-talk to the experts & ask their advice, since you are clearly 100% uninformed on the matter. Embarrassing!
President Trump is are only hope. Who cares if he looks like the great white hope.
You are invited = 14062018 = WORLD PEACE FESTIVAL!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niue 
Russia China NK USA = Truth RevoLution!
Mr. President since all I see on here is dribble from Leftist, I would like to offer a yes on Peace House/Freedom House. Since that was the site of the first meeting with North & South Korea. May God be with you and Vice President Pence.
Yes it would.
Oh look...South Korea will probably be giving up USA liquefied fuel because they can obtain cheaper Russian fuel through NK (Gazprom)...
ALL THIS WINNING.....USA is losing out ...
I mean who could think this could go wrong...defintely NOT Ukraine ?

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russia–Ukraine_gas_disputes …
Clever Russia...undercutting American Fuel exports.....(old article by the way explaining why they wanted to do this).  Just had to wait for a USA President who was on their side.
If you have to ask, you are less informed than you could be. When you actually attend a security briefing, you may learn many facts, like a president has a protocol officer on staff who is waiting to offer suggestions about just this question. You would do better to listen more!!
I would say that a joint ceremony and both Peace and Freedom houses would be the best possible option especially if this meeting does end in an official peace treaty, however if this is just a preliminary meeting to get the ball moving then Singapore or Hong Kong would be good.
good idea~~~
That is the perfect place.
Correcto
If it can safely be done Mr. President..the freedom house would be cool...but only if you're secure..
Ask your experienced State Department experts, you idiot.
Nah, it's a shithole, don't go
Peace-maker, Trump, deserves ' A Nobel Prize for peace'. Because Korea Peninsular achieves Peace, Korea peace is world peace!! By his favor!!!
Wait, isn't there a whole department to handle matters of state? Since when do we make sensitive foreign policy decisions on twitter??
TOO DANGEROUS... REMEMBER SOMETHING ABOUT A BROTHER ??
(""YOU R TOO IMPORTANT TO WORLD PEACE"")STAY OUT OF HARMS WAY !!! EVEN IF YOU THINK  THE GESTURE WOULD BE BETTER RECEIVED BY BEING DISPLAYED AT THEIR BORDER...THE MEETING SHOULD BE AT A TOTALLY NEUTRAL HOST COUNTRY... THAT'S MY TWO CENTS U ASKED FOR...
Stop tweeting.
Maybe you should ask North Korea and South Korea that, since they seem to be pretty far along with negotiations, and this thing called diplomacy.;
Yes
Twitter stop losing my tweets when I'm trying to get a message to our POTUS. Come on give us conservatives a break.
