How about Flint Michigan??? How has the fed. Government treated its own citizens who are being poisoned???  GTFO.
Let's worry about the ILLEGAL DACA INVASION! We DON'T need Taxation of the internet! WHY won't you FIRE sessions & rosenstein, & HIRE a DECENT AG, so WE THE PPL can FINALLY See JUSTICE?  "STILL"-NO Justice for democrat CRIMES; DACA STILL EXISTS; ILLEGALS ON WELFARE/SS; & NO WALL!
You made a fool of yourself on fox but that's not shocking.  Lol you would rather have the popular vote.  Hmmmm Hillary.  3,000.000 more smdh

Lol
Repay social security the trillions STOLED by the CORRUPT government !! Organised syndicunt
.

@realDonaldTrump online retailors pay taxes too. You realize this don't you? You're showing the great people of this country just how ignorant you truly are. You're also ignoring the retail revolution where convenience is King in our very busy lives trying to work to pay taxes.
He talking about Walmart
The same way you cheated contractors. You don't pay people working for you. #LOCKHIMUP #CorruptFamily #CROOKEDTRUMP #RussiaGate #Impeach45
Actually agree with this, and I use online shopping a lot, so it will hurt me. But fair is fair and we all needs to pay to make society better
Hey Trump, this is a selfie of me. I'm doing this for @sam_henkel

Every time you tweet or talk you embarrass our country.  SAD
amazon is a good company. i thought you would know that
You need to worry about why your wife dont wanna touch you
If it had been your company or online shopping was your idea you would never stop bragging about how smart you were, and how rich you were.
You sure know a lot about cheating... Oh you are such #fakenewsfactory  is in the White House..
Donny J, Donny J, how many lies have you told today? #FakePresident

Truth is the Mad King hates the Washington post not Amazon & it’s use of the post office. 
Mr. Bezos owns both he is defending our first amendment right of bringing the truth to us.  Not the fake news brought to us by the Mad King and the Sinclair fake news org.
I pay taxes on everything I buy on-line. Give me the names of the on-line stores that don't charge taxes so I can start buying from them.
It’s called living in the modern age! People do this. They buy online!
Yes but I guess he's living in the 30s
Yep! If you walk around malls or shopping centers, you will see they’re deserted. The younger generation shops even more online. He’s a dinosaur. Hasn’t got a clue what’s going on around him!
Oh kiss off.. Where's your tax returns we want to see???
dang! they pays no taxes, use robots and drones, pettle worthless items, drain our hard erned money! executive order..outlaw the outlaws! maga!
Well, start taxing Amazon.
Here you go lying to the American public again people want the best deal they can get on a certain product bottom line a lot of people are disabled and so all they have to do is go online get what they want and order it online merchants pay their share tax tell the truth for once
When are you showing your taxes? Didn't you claim it's good not to pay so much in taxes? Picking on Amazon because Bezos ruffled your feathers? Poor Donny!!
So your going to tax us more. Thanks for helping the little man.
:-D
What are you talking about, you pay no taxes!! " I take advantage of the system that's in place"
If we always have that Buy American attitude then we need to start up the Go to a store and buy something!
Truculent Trump: don't you remember telling us how smart it is to avoid taxes? Does that only apply to you and your swamp buddies? We don't want to pay taxes unnecessarily, either.
Boycott Walmart!
I love amazon
CLUELESS
Tax the churches.
Love you
Mr President!
maybe you should tell your daughter she is  cheating cities and towns https://www.dillards.com/brand/Ivanka+Trump/women?cm_mmc=Google-_-Vendor+-+Ivanka+Trump-_-33494327995-b-_-ivanka%20trump%20brand&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIy6Hl1Z_P2gIV2BaBCh2ZBACEEAAYAyAAEgI9L_D_BwE …
don't forget there is some areas out west, rural, that do not have immediate access to a lot of items.  Amazon has helped us a lot get supplies we may not be able to obtain, but otherwise you right
I thought you were smart by paying as little tax as possible?

1. We're smart too.

2. By this type of logic, you're one of the biggest cheats. Stop avoiding taxes!

3. Many online retailers do, indeed, pay state taxes.
We are being treated badly with alk our banks that hold our hard earned money! The charge on savings acct.s is bad for our children's future. We want to teach them to save. But, the banks take their monies away. This is a big hole that only hurts future generations of Americans.

If any of you took a tax exemption (or got back money you didn't earn) .. You are no better. Stop acting like you don't play the system every chance you get. Hypocrites
Online retailers have already become juggernauts.
States & cities throughout our country are being cheated & treated unfairly by the sex predator @realDonaldTrump. Very unfair to traditional tax paying patrons.
Can we see your taxes? Never mind, you filed for a extension!
Says the liar who has major avoid paying any taxes his entire LIFE!
Says the man who won't show us his taxes...
Taxes are unconstitutional and the government has no authority to collect.  Show me the law that states taxes are mandatory!  The law states that taxes are voluntary.  Taxation=slavery #stoppayingtaxes
Yeah there are a lot of shady accountants of there that you cannot trust and that the FBI should be looking into an auditing
A whole country is being cheated and treated so badly by Donald Trump. Very unfair to the people living there.
So you ARE a pro-tax Repub.
In just a few years man there wont be any stores anymore. Everything gets bought online ! Thats the truth and the near future
Like the trump organization official merchandise does not charge sales tax for online purchases. The usual hypocrisy of do as I say, not as I do.
I must respectfully disagree. On-line retailers offer less expensive alternatives to consumers. This is a good thing!
Uninformed, out of touch, unsuccessful and quite stupid
If someone else can provide a product in a better fashion who is anyone to say foul play?
Again our president is so stupid he has no idea that you still pay sales tax with online orders. On the stupid do not know that.
Agreed. If u see something wrong or out of place get together and fix it
So...this is about Real Estate, not business practices or value? Why am I not surprised.

Liar.
Not all are a model company paying sales tax around the country like Amazon is. What does your detailed research say about which companies aren’t paying? Oh what’s that? You’re completely full of shit? Ah, got it.
As we all know Donald is all about the fairness. Sad
What about all of your bankruptcies and how you cheated people out of their money?
Right, you are so focused on tax cuts...for corporations.
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by me. My tax cuts were Very unfair to the tax paying working class Americans!
Actually they provide a lower cost solution to the majority of Americans on a budget. Get with the times
Best way to solve the problem is to just get rid of the internet. If course, you'd have to sacrifice to tweeting. But...it's a small price to pay  to save all those traditional retailers out there.
老川，你来包头我请你吃烧麦
You're not ending internet shopping!  Back on your Amazon kick?
You don't even pay taxes shut up.
You should know about cheating others- in marriage as well as in your previous business dealing according to your ex-girlfriends and former (unpaid/underpaid) work contractors.
So avoiding taxes “makes me smart” when you’re cheating the system, but everybody else is “unfair” when they do the same?
Show your tax returns. Practice what you preach, you fraud.
Donald, you have cheated anyone and everyone all your muserable, useless, pathetic, criminal life. How's that for adjectives, Donnie "Tremendous" Disaster?
https://www.trump.com/ 
Enough said...
Amazon charges state sales taxes. Do your research old man!
We do like the cheaper prices from Amazon
Retailers don’t want to rent in HIS retail rentals - so he complains.  It’s all about lining his pockets.  no one wants to do business with you anymore because you are a disgusting human.  I hope all your rentals go and find cheaper and better places
Stop tweeting!  Your online stores exemplify what u r tweeting about.  The hypocrisy is never ending!
You haven't paid tax in a decade.
Agree Mr Trump
President Trump, I don't agree in this case.  Here in my little town the sales tax rate is almost 10%!  They tried to make it 16%.  I'm the one being robbed.  Amazon delivers to my door.  Traditional stores don't.  This has been a lifesaver for me.  I appreciate them
Any tax is paid for by the consumer, no one else.
FairTax !

                             Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights...       Carry !
Release your tax returns. You must have something to hide.....
Why don't you stop spewing bullshit and go do some work. For a POTUS you are a fucking idiot, and I'm being kind compared to most US citizens.

Mr Trump maybe you should spend some time in rural America.  Why shouldn't we have access to the same marketplace that urban folks have?
Yes sir all crooks avoid paying taxes, the most stupid crooks brag about not paying taxes and call their self “smart” for not contributing to our country. Do that sound familiar Mr. not paying taxes President?
As a Tax paying Store difficult as it may seem to rationalize, the owner bares all cost in collecting the sales taxes for the government, yet isn't reimbursed for its cost handling tax collections. Perhaps the issue is worth investigating as a whole of the sum.
What you know about paying taxes?
Why don't you step those wretched toes into the digital world.
While I think this dtatement is correct; 'the stores' have been ' robbing' people for many many years, and not giving Service or Respect to People...this is also...Worldwide. Greed is a Disease...
Who's talking? Bragged about being smart enough not having to pay taxes. You are a joke! Walk the talk Please!
Release your tax returns, and then we can talk taxes, Dopey Donny.
Just stop being fucking 
Especially those Trump stores always trying to cheat not me but TheGovernment! 15 audits!Failed Airline &Casinos&how much money did it cost the U.S.taxpayer bailing him out & he has the audacity to TRY to rule my life? Not with that phucked up record he ain't! This is NOT OVER!
You know the employment figures are rigged and now tweet against online retailers...first tell the truth unemployment is raising not reducing, because stores are closing everywhere and our teens have nowhere to go for their first job #dotard #donthecon
When you tweet messages like this you lose a great deal of credibility. Internet commerce is open to all who seek to expand their business; opening doors to consumers outside the geographic barriers of traditional storefronts. Do you not use Twitter? #PrettyContradictory
Does Ivanka need to sell more shoes? 
It's not cheating if they are following the rules. Not that you understand what rules are.
More lying BS. Amazon is richer than you. Deal with it, liar.
Gang ga liggu
Yep. You know That’s why we all buy online.

This is the only thing I disagree will. The small businesses that you see sell on Amazon, Esty & EBay. This will cost to much for them to hire staff to file sales tax for 50 states. I know from experience with our small business we closed in 2001 after armed robberies
Then have Congress change the Tax Code... OH WAIT... you did that and didn't change the way that business collects taxes... You, Sir, are a maroon.
Right! Consumers hate bargain prices and fast deliveries. What ‘Fairy Land’ do you live in Fatso?
Oh please that’s rich coming from someone who gloats about being smart for not paying taxes. Grow up
You are just upset because Bezos is way more wealthy than you are and he's a good guy compared to you
Wromg! Anyone that's traveling out of state can let the sales person know not to charge them tax because they're not a resident of that state
Agree, however online retailers having to update rates, collect, report, and pay to nearly 10k sales tax jurisdictions in the US is onerous on companies of all sizes. Make it 1 rate/report/pay per state for out of state retailers and it would be much manageable for all retailers.
realtytrac realtor zillow foreclosuretogo homefinder searchhomemn foreclosure Tax Forfeit Land Sales http://hudforeclosed.com  home hudforeclosed bankforeclosuressale realtystore foreclosuredeals trulia homes
realtytrac realtor zillow foreclosuretogo homefinder searchhomemn foreclosure Tax Forfeit Land Sales http://hudforeclosed.com  homes hudforeclosed bankforeclosuressale realtystore foreclosuredeals trulia home
You Trump ruined this country #eviltrumpdump
MR PRESIDENT HOW ABOUT AMAZON NEVER COME TO PITTSBURGH AREA AND IN EXCHANGE WE GET THE WORLDS 5 LARGEST STEEL MILLS MANUFACTURED FROM THE GROUND UP......THAT  WOULD BE THE BEST LONG TERM INVESTMENT FOR THIS AREA AND OUR NATION!  PS FORGET THE COMMIE-DEMS HERE. THEY ARE JUST EVIL!
Not true. Learn facts asshole
I get charged and pay sale taxes for on line orders. Just another chep shot at amazon by number 45.
Online retailers pay taxes just like "stores", you idiot... 
There are many american online retailers to, they pay the same as everyone else, You should try and read something, learn how things work before bitching about it.
Maybe you meant online shopping from other countries?
Dude you are actually fucking with a lot of peoples jobs now. Go fuck yourself.

To the SS: not a threat here but if he wants to go fuck himself and does it, that's on him.
Says the con-man who was fined $25 million  for cheating naive students who enrolled at Trump University. And all of the unfortunate contractors who worked at Trump properties.
The Internet is meant to be free.  Free from government regulation and taxes. We need to keep it this way.
Cheated and treated unfairly? Didn't you just have to pay out a $25 million settlement for cheating and treating unfairly for Trump University customers?
With all due respect Mr President, many States ARE collection sales tax from online retailers.
Seriously? You not only follow yourself on Twitter, but you also retweet yourself from the same account you used for the initial tweet.
Yep who open the door four that to happen?
As bad as you treat Puerto Rico?
김문수 서울시장후보는 대한민국의 수도보존과 민족중흥이 자유와인권에 있음을누구보다 잘 알고있다고본다 여기서 이탈된사람이 누구인지 눈치보지말고 대담하게 행동할때 모든게 성취할수있지만소심하면 하나도 성취못한다
국민은 드높은기개를 보고싶다
말해야 할때 말허리를 자른다든지 들어야 할 뉴스를 못듣게 한다든지 하면 분노가 치민다 분노로 홧병나 죽게 돼있다 이경우 손에 총이나 칼을 쥐어준다면 한놈이라도 죽이고 죽는 게 최상의죽음이라고들한 다끔찍한 자살특공대의 죽음이멋있고 값질때도 있다는 건가
Not only that but these foreigners answering these business calls and don't speak good english.. please bring jobs back
Show us your taxes!!!
This is the era of net savvy generation hence it was already predicted..
Hypocrisy at its finest.....you dobt like Amazon or online retailers. Your daughter does!!!
And
It's called free markets
I disagree with your statement. The sales/use tax is or should be paid, at the "point of sale", that's the gripe. Cannot follow the trail on who pays and who gets. The franchise tax, among others, that are paid according to business resident state by %. Life isn't fair!!
You mean like Trump products - made in China and pay no tax ?
So fix it!
So if they’re not paying taxes, doesn’t that mean they’re smart, according to Trump rules?
Like you and Ivanka,eh, @potus ?
I’m so glad you’re trying to address this issue
Please enter the current century. Online shopping is here to stay. It’s great. Not for everything, but it saves time and energy for seniors like you.
Says the criminal who doesn’t pay taxes.
Wouldn’t it be nice if everyone paid their fair share, including you?!
So.. you want to raise taxes?
GO TO HELL
Oh god I hate you
유승민 "댓글조작 사건에서 '워터게이트' 떠올라" ㅡ좃까고 자빠졌네 이 병신새끼!!!
지금 한가하게 이따위 아가리털때냐!!
빨리 댓글부대 진실의 떡밥으로 조직을 풀가동해서 선거부정 당선무효 등등으로  뭔가해야지 씨벌롬아 이러고 아가리만 털고있을때냐고
Youmakemesick 
Just shut the hell up
