The first thing to understand about  the Mueller investigation is that it's not an investigation. It's an operation. Masquerading as a legitimate investigation. In furtherance of the "insurance policy".
Were this a legitimate probe, wouldn't a forensic examination of the allegedly hacked DNC servers have been conducted, as the first order of business? At least to establish the predicate. To date, no such examination has been ordered by special counsel.
Because this was never an investigation into Russian election meddling. It's really no more complicated than that. The Mueller operation was just that, an operation. Intel gathering. Sequestering damaging evidence implicating the coup plotters. Keeping congress off the scent
Keeping Obama DOJ and FBI holder-overs from being implicated in wrongdoing by working methodically to cover their tracks. Basically, a Hoover vacuum cleaning op. Oh, sure, there are the occasional indictments. The grand jury empanelments. The process crimes.
All to give it the patina of a legitimate investigation. The "insurance policy". It's pursuit ran into trouble with the launch of IG Horowitz's investigation. It outed Peter Strzok. Lisa Page. Both of whom were part of Mueller's group.
As the IG investigation continued, there were other casualties. A number of DOJ and FBI senior officials have been demoted or fired. A plethora of evidence of criminality was uncovered during the IG probe. Enter special outside prosecutor John Huber.
The OIG's McCabe Drop was just the opening act. The next reports will lower the boom on the criminal conspiracy to exonerate HRC, the systemic FISA court abuses to frame Trump & unmasking the unmaskers. And, the cherry on top: how the Mueller op is itself illegal.
The whole Michael Cohen raid proves one of the central tenets of the charge that Trump and his associates were illegally being spied on. Notice the McClatchy news story earlier this month. Suspicious timing.
DNC SHOULD FOOT THE ENTIRE BILL. THEY FABRICATED ALLLL OF IT.

"Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something" -Plato- We all know which one YOU are #NotMyPresident

Lordy, flight records show Trump spent night in Russia, contradicting what he told Comey & his loyal supporters. 

What does Putin have on Trump?

Pulitzer-Prize winning investigative reporter, covered Trump for 40 yrs: Trump is a traitor
@nytimes @maddow
Just do not meet face to face with Mueller...  that would be your downfall..and subsequently,  all of our's too !!
Thank god you figured out the whole council/counsel thing.
Can we get our taxpayer miilions back from the Democrats whom started the special council false investigation, end it now, we are throwing good money after bad money, enough already.

You seem awful worried if there is nothing there liar

Can someone please take your keyboard away or at least your internet access.
Funny thing, the Comey memos are not the only things #MuellerInvestigation is looking at. Drives you crazy, right? Because YOU know all the things you did and said. And you're afraid he knows too. Tick-tock.
Tick...
My favorite time of day!  He lives rent free in the hateful democrats minds!  Funny how they all rush to his tweets like a moth to a flame!  Wonder what they will have to bitch about after his two terms are up?....oh wait our first female president..Ivanka Trump!
Wouldn’t that be the icing on the cake for the libs. Or maybe Nikki Haley, and there are a few more strong, very qualified Republicans. The libs would  be going crazy. But President Trump is our leader now and hopefully will be for the next 6 plus years, God willing.
Amen to that!
One day history will record the names of criminals, obstructionists & traitors to you, as well as to the people of America. Their offspring & maybe beyond, will have to suffer the humiliation & shame whilst your name will always be remembered with gratitude & love..such a legacy!
Read your shit punctuation and spelling. You are an embarrassment to the position you hold. Grow up fool on the hill.
So you’re admitting to collusion
“The dumb Comey memos...”, What are you, a fifth grader? Of course not, what am I thinking. If only you were that smart.
For God’s sake!  Someone take Baby Huey’s phone away!
Still obstruction

If there's nothing there, bruh, why are you so afraid?
Case isn't anywhere near from over and NOBODY knows what Mueller has, what any of us know is the tip of the iceberg, and if you were innocent and had nothing to worry about you would just stop yapping... sweet Jesus shut up already!
Resign


#VoteHiral #VoteHiral #VoteHiral
The point of the special council is the fact you fired the director of the FBI and admitted it was due to this "Russia" thing not only on TV, but to Russian ambassadors. 

It was never about the memos themselves. It was how you REACTED to them.
You need to stop tweeting. Every President has always been talked about. You did the birth certificate constantly. Stop Tweeting
Oh Look, neither of those people went to LAW SCHOOL.  And again, how the hell do they know what Mueller has.  The memos are not the only evidence of obstruction.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha!
How did he come to THAT conclusion? MILLIONS of people (including Bob Mueller) Heard you say you fired Comey to try to end the Russia probe. AND you’ve tweeted it numerous times! You’re such a whining liar!
#TrumpIsGuilty
#WeSeeYou 
#TrumpRussia
#LockHimUp
American politics on the blaze Earth Day 2018 with USA President Trump roiling domestic politics while weak on green public policy
End This Illegal investigation Even The Leftists News Papers Reports It’s A Farce
You keep telling one lie after another!
You do know that you have called these people fake news right? They're not lawyers either, not even journalists, opinion writers! You're so ignorant and stupid that you behind the wheel of taking yourself down for your crimes has become great entertainment. Tweet more dude.
Hahaha!!! You sure are tweeting like someone who’s messing his drawers over obstruction!
Then you have absolutely nothing to worry about so get to work on your REAL job as POTUS. Puerto Rico is still suffering. Mass shootings are still happening. Wages still suck. Flint’s water is still poison. Veterans are still hurting. Do your job!
#VoteHiral #VoteHiral #VoteHiral
An innocent man would not be tweeting like this.
why won't you meet with the special team? or are you worried that the truth could harm you... LIKE the reply that your son met with Russian lawyer for adoptions and you knew better    ENOUGH FAKE STORIES only truth
The purpose of the special counsel is obvious based on the guilty pleas already obtained...and those yet to come #cantwait, #integritymatters, #tRumplies
Idiot
Deeply sorry for doubting you or the path your on!
You ARE THE MAN OF THE DEAL!
So many do an when it's all said and done NO ONE will ever doubt your word!
DEEPEST RESPECT!!
Why did you lie to the FBI about your Moscow trip? It's PROVEN by flight records you spent the night. Lying about spending the night + obsessively talking about hookers and #GoldenShowers makes Donald look like a guilty man. One more piece of the #SteeleDossier has been verified.
Most corruption of @FBI @DNC @NBCNews @CBSNews at the court system to go down in History. 

@democrates @Comey @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @FBI etc...have changed the Greatest America to a Country of corruption that the World can see and have made Us a laughing stock. SAD!!
The memos are exactly what he wrote after meetings with the putz who would be king
BREAKING:  President Trump officially lied to James Comey during their meeting last year.

Trump stated that he didn't spend the night in Moscow during Miss Universe.

Bloomberg just obtained the flight details of the plane he used:  Jet landed on a Friday, left on Sunday

LIAR!
Ever notice the libtards in every tweet are always wishing failure on everyone? 

These are sick/angry individuals folks. What happened to them in their childhood to make them like this? 

Liberalism=A bad disease of excess ideology, cognitive dissonance and emotional corruption.
#BeautifulMind
ok, keep on thinking you are doing nothing wrong & everybody loves you, if that's what makes you get through the day!
Truth!
Look a d#@k pic
This was & is a witch hunt & Trumpers are so tired of it. I heard Congress is going to stop the funding of Mueller’s & his bogus team. Hopefully that may move them to end it all w/o funding
.FACT:JS works for YOU! YOU need to DEMAND he prosecutes HRC an everyone in her circle that broke the law.This is beyond wright or wrong! IT'S THE LAW!
You need two start doing your job in this matter. The world is laughing at what your calling a "WITCH HUNT"
Do YOUR job!
@Comey "A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership," has so far outpaced Hillary Clinton's campaign memoir "What Happened" and journalist Michael Wolff's behind-the-scenes White House expose "Fire and Fury" in opening week sales.
I am reading James Comey's book and I have to say he is an excellent writer and the book really holds ones interest.  I can see why it is #1 on the best seller lists.
Time to shift the investigation to those that manipulated our own government. Release the FBI memos and documents
Dumb Comey memos. You’re name calling needs work. You need a Snickers? You tired?
That was funny.
This isn't a conspiracy to get you .  You  have  many reasons why you  and your cronies are being looked at & some have been indicted & pleaded guilty. Stop lying to the American people..
There have already been 6 indictments and 5 pleaded guilty. There is plenty of there there. Mueller is simply getting his ducks in a row before he comes for you. Making sure you stay in prison for decades. Hope you die in prison. You deserve that.
That is the media that you like? Like least racist or least obstruction? We also know how to read and we know that Comey's memos vindicate him and that it is just the  tip of the iceberg!!!!
Please continue to hold up their lies and crimes to the bright light of reality. Enforce the laws that our congress has passed yet whom the left believes do not apply to themselves! The leader of our executive branch has a duty to fully prosecute all these criminals! Just do it!!
Typical Trump/Republican voters 
#رضاشاه
You keep believing that. It will do you a world of good when you get the surprise of your life, then again, I’m sure you won’t be surprised. You know all of your corruption and obstruction.
sounds like a fugitive with the bloodhounds closing in. An innocent person wouldn't care one way or the other.
Every time you tweet about @Comey his book sales go up. The 600K sales aren't totally attributed to you, but you should keep it up!
#رضا شاه
Once again do you really believe your own lies?  You are going down for obstruction and being a low life traitor
I can't wait until you have to admit to your thousands of lies.
Mueller needs to be investigated.He knowingly used taxpayer dollars on a False investigation against a duly voted President. This money is to run the government and America. Not to further the Dirty Bunch Democrats agenda. No more.!MAGA
Instead about talking about this, maybe you should be working out a plan for repairing our country’s infrastructure!!!
why not leave it alone then and let them do their job.  if that's true then you have nothing to worry about. focus on healthcare or redoing the lousy tax cuts you gave to the wealthy and screwed the rest of us

On the news that Trump is reportedly using his personal cell phone more, I can't help but think of this quote from last year: 

"If President Trump is carrying around an unsecured Android phone,…
Your crazy
"There's no there there"
Did you have a stroke or something
HEY, breath, U ARE GUILTY of WITNESS TAMPERING & OBSTRUCTION of JUSTICE EVERY TIME U F*KING TWEET about YOUR CASE!  @ErinBurnett @CNN @CBSNews @ABC @SRuhle @NicolleDWallace @NBCNews @WSJ @RepSwalwell @AdamSchiffCA @HouseDemocrats @SenSchumer  @SenateDems
“Trump comes from a family of criminals: His grandfather made his fortune running whorehouses. His father, Fred had a business partner named Tomasello, who was an associate of the Gambino crime family. Trump's father ripped off the government, equivalent to $36 million in today”
Your meltdown is delicious Donny Traitor Dotard. #TrumpConspiracy #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussiaConspiracy #MoneyLaundering #Treason
Oh Spanky, the walls are closing in.  CNN reports you're using your personal cell phone to avoid anyone knowing who you call.   But there's nothing you can do to avoid justice this time.
So happy to read positive comments. The tides are changing. People are being #RedPilled all over the place. @kanyewest @RealCandaceO @thedonaldreddit #MAGA2020
The Russian bots are just running out of funding.
It’s so obvious that you are guilty of something. #wallscloseing #LiarInChief
Rom. 3:23 "ALL have sinned and come short of the glory of God"
Leaders of the free world should hold themselves to a higher standard. Pathological lying, sleeping with porn stars? You gonna defend that with religion? Wake up!
19 indictments, 5 guilty pleas, and a conviction (so far)

#MAGA = Mueller Ain't Going Away  -- OR  --  Many Are Getting Arrested
The President have been right along that the Russia Collusion of his 2016 Campaign was a WITCH HUNT! Now, after more than 1 year galvanized a TRUE WITCH HUNT! @POTUS @JCrusadr @DanielDier @HonNeilGorsuch @LouDobbs @Varneyco @MorningsMaria @TrishIntel @TheFive @IngrahamAngle
The President have been right all along that the Russia Collusion Investigation is a BIG WITCH HUNT!
And a lot of money wasted that could of went on the wall
Read 13 Indictments, 3 guilty pleas, Cohen in Stormy case is taking the 5th!
Over 70 Contacts w/Russians&Lied about it! 
Why do you continually bring it up if there is no collusion. Maybe because you were proven a liar when you said you didn't stay overnight in Moscow. Or that you knew nothing about the payoff to Stormy. Or 1mil$ ck to Hurricane victs?2015 Tax's audit?? Wall built? All lies.

亚洲最大高考工厂：六安毛坦厂中学，在校生3万人，陪读家长1.5万人，学校东门200米纯沿街金铺25～80平米，首付仅需20万起，租金可观，买到赚到，投资首选，回本快财富热线
And that’s why your personal attorney is taking the fifth..? No nothing there...?
U r an obstructionist & most likely a treasonous!!!
You're  a stupid little "man" stuck in a Neanderthal's body! #ImpeachtRUMP
Dumb? I guess it takes one to know one.
Maybe it would have been, but starting with his firing and onwards you have been obstructing justice at every turn.
Fake president...Comey is owning you!

CIA whistleblower unmasks deep state-
You misspelled "I resign"
Not just Obstruction, numb-nuts. Collusion..

NO DOUBT the trump campaign colluded with Russia. The question is what and when did trump know.

The options are:

1)- trump knew. We used to hang people for this...

2)- trump was not aware of what was going on.  HE IS UNQUALIFIED.
Good Afternoon President Trump! Your doing a Great Job! Keep it up.
We have your back.

Oh I can help her with that. The purpose is to investigate collusion with Russia by the Trump campaign and your attempt to cover it up. Sad!
I say to @KimStrassel>What about @DonaldJTrumpJr, Kushner & Manafort meeting Russians for dirt on Hillary from Russia govt & you helping concoct lie to cover it up?https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-dictated-sons-misleading-statement-on-meeting-with-russian-lawyer/2017/07/31/04c94f96-73ae-11e7-8f39-eeb7d3a2d304_story.html?utm_term=.e188af57ebec … … … @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @LouDobbs @foxandfriends @JoeNBC @GMA @MeetThePress @AC360

An investigative report published by JW exposed the connection between U.S.-funded entities & leftwing billionaire George Soros’s Open Society Foundations, showing that the U.S. govt is spending taxpayer dollars on supporting Soros operations in Guatemala.
…
Term limits are needed. Please find away to do this.
and the "no evidence of collusion" attributed to Clapper, who never said such a thing, thing. 
and the "18" days before Flynn was fired thing
and the witness intimidation through tweets thing
....
and The Corey Lewendowski thing
and the Preet Bharara firing thing but before he left he transferred evidence against trump to a state level Schneiderman thing
And the Betsy Devos' Brother thing
And the Sebastian Gorka thing
And the Greg Gianforte from Montana thing
....
But the taxpayer dollars will still be gone...
Please, learn how to spell.
Then why are you so worried turd muffin? If they have nothing, sit back and relax and hire yourself some hookers. #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #PeePeeTapes #CrookedTrump
God Bless you- I know you have a 23 Hour workday-  but you need to straighten up the IRS & get some New appointed Honest Conservative Judges .  God Bless & Thank you. & Housing for the Homeless Vets.
I read them too.  Quite boring actually.  #ComeyMemo
Why do they keep blowing smoke? It's time to clear the air
Mr. POTUS, I beg the differ; such only shows what foreign powers have exploited various characteristic-mental-state-of-minds within the USA. It used to be a differentiating of imaginative lot was an American pass-time, now its evolved into daily reality.
Mueller’s Special Council is a HUGE Waste of Taxpayer $$! Shut it Down!! @jackiewalorski @ToddYoungIN @SaraCarterDC @LouDobbs @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @Jim_Jordan @JudgeJeanine @JudicialWatch
Many people are saying that 19 people  (Russians and people from your campaign have either been  indicated or pleaded guilty ) Your shady deal to win the election has been proven. You would not have  found the way to WH w/o #Putin.
Why can’t I tell a joke today?
https://youtu.be/tJL5LALE8Qo 
#evonlatrail #youarewinningwhen #TuesdayThought
Oh wow! So the people at the WSJ are now your experts on matters of law regarding all things Mueller. And here I didn’t even know that had all the evidence that mueller has!
I guess you WILL find out!  Can’t wait!
Council*
There was no evidence given to warrant the special counsel Mueller. All based on lies !!! Nothing but lies, and more lies !!!
Chuck Todd wife works for Bernie 

Please stop. Just govern the country. You are sounding more and more childish every day
Guess we'll just have to wait and see Don. In the long run the opinion of the WSJ doesn't matter much.
PRES. TRUMP FIRE MUELLER..WHOS FISHING IN A DRY POND, THERE IS NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION AND WE KNOW WHERE THAT CAME FROM, TIME TO END THE DRAMA ACTORS, TIME TO GO FORWARD AS AMERICA ONE, FIRE THOSE WHOM ARE NOT ON THE SAME PAGE FORWARD,WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT YOU AS POTUS, Simple
gud one
Funny, when you froth at the mouth like this, all we can hear is, "I did not have #Collusion with that Russia."
You can always rely on Ruperts rag to give you a free pass !

Oh there is plenty of There is There. And you the  are up to your neck in trouble.
‘Pres Trump’ anti~obstruction technique of wanting an investigation if his Campaign was using Russia. Comey, large fish out of water, lying for $$$. McCabe,$$$. Mueller,$$$. Clinton’s,$$$. Blumenthal,$$$. DNC,$$$. All wasted Americans hard earned money.

No Collusion. Your son was trying to collude with the Russians to get information on Hillary Clinton before the election. I think the words were Love It. Don Jr. is as smart as a can of Klick. Just a nothing burger. Another Trump Liar.
Oh oh, I know!!!  Send you, President Spanky to jail. Sorry Sir, but you are a disgrace.
“Dumb Comey Memos” just shit a diamond, President Golden Showers, you told him twice that you did not spend the night in Moscow in 2013? Busted! Flight records, tweets, pictures and witnesses! You’re even lousy at lying.
Impeech
Nashville????
Who own the WSJ?
'dumb Comey Memos" WHO talks this way?  You are a school yard bully...a child!
#MuellerTime

Why’d you lie about not spending a night in Moscow during the Miss Universe pageant there? If women pee on your bed, but don’t fuck you and you don’t pay them, they’re not technically prostituting themselves, right?
The Special Council in reality is making this President and his admin look better every day and is destroying the Democratic Socialists!    This will destroy them at midterm
@DanaBashCNN @maggieNYT @maddow @Morning_Joe can we remind the President that the WSJ is owned by Fauxnews
For an innocent man, you seem to be awfully, vehemently worried, Don.
A case is a case! @realDonaldTrump
IMPEACH!
Are you Working? What are we paying you for? Get off Twitter and do some work...smh
Hahaha, the memos don't make the obstruction case, YOU DO! You went on TV & said you fired Comey because of the Russia thing. Now you are lying about that, even though we all saw you. Disgusting. #dotheworldafavor #ResignNow #MakeAmericaSmartAgain #impeachmentlooms
the Mueller investigation is a total waste of money at this point but as you know  the government is good at wasting money there experts at that, the president will not fire Mueller, the left wants him to because they would have something to bitch about
Maybe because you are a proven liar 
Stupid, why have so many been arrested... many more to come and YES there is proven collusion...between trump org. and many others including Russia. Get a life and leave us alone.
isn’t it illegal for you to be using your Personal Cell Phone for confidential conversations?  #Hypocrite #FakePresident
Why are you so against a special counsel who’s main purpose is to find the bad actors in Russian interference in our election process? Something that is known to have happened. YOU may or may not have been involved, but if not involved, you should be supporting this.
Kim is a solid woman and journalist.  Way to go, Girl!

Hi Mr president trump I'm proud of you I'm wondering if i can get a autograph picture of you send me a message I'll send my address
Mueller needs funding to stop. Obstruction is his middle name. Should have recused himself ! He will find anything to keep this going. Stop Mueller
We all know the truth. Mr. President the outsiders, I mean the fake news coperations out there do not understand Trump's army of supporters' logic, and they will never do. Carry on our blessed hero.
Yuuuup
You should just fire Mueller now. America is tired of the phony Russian collusion story.  Time to focus on real things, not these imaginary boogeymen created by sore losers.
Thou sanguine coward, this bed-presser, horseback-breaker, you huge hill of flesh
#shakespeareismyhomeboy #hatingyouinnerd
Trump flew to Moscow on Friday, Nov. 8 2013
Saturday, Nov. 9, Trump at the Ritz during the day, a tour of Moscow. 
Sunday Nov 10  "I just got back from Russia-learned lots & lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place!"
#ComeyMemos
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2018-04-23/flight-records-illuminate-mystery-of-trump-s-moscow-nights?__twitter_impression=true …

Fact : Trump is making peace on the Korean Peninsula. 
Donald J Trump is the baby king purveyor of FAKE NEWS. 

#DonTheCon
Democratic liberals, need to spend money they don't have.
I want an itemized list, to find the actual cost of all this b.s.
Some one, is going to have their pay, docked, for insisting, tax payers have to pay for this crap!
But first we Democrats want all the money Trey Gowdy and the GOP have wasted on investigating HRC on Benghazi EIGHT times!  And we want all the money “borrowed” from Social Security by Republican presidents and Congress.
We Americans, want swamp rat, Hillwitch, and her bitches, locked up for treason.
That slut, should never have been made Secretary of anything.
I wouldn't let her suck your dick.
Dang, she's nasty!!
Sue every individual involved in the witch hunt and make the DNC & Hillary pay for
the Mueller investigation.   WE'RE WAITING FOR DEMS/LEFTISTS TO BE ARRESTED FOR THIS.
Fire @jeffsessions & Rod Rosenstein. As long as they are running JD we the people will never have equil Justice.
LIAR!!!
Hey sweetheart honey  wow  what a mess

You certainly got dumb Comey correct!  Wow Dems!
Tired of reading about it on Twitter too! Peat and repeat again and again !  

Because you tried to obstruct Justice by firing Comey.  You and your Big Mouth have already admitted guilt.  Be a man instead of a 10 year old bully and own up to your mistakes.   Kids blame others.  REAL MEN take responsibility!
There, there
Name calling, just what's expected of a single Digit IQ.
Pretty hard to. Believe that $10 billion dollars of funds for rebuilding if Haiti can wind up in clinton foundation and then get lost. The deep state strikes again.
Just read an 1100 page book onit defincately is the illumanati and the new world order aka the deep state ex pres. Obama is involved to his donkey.
Debby wasserman shults is the one that made possible the pakistani fraud. She should be arrested for treason.
To waste taxpayer dollars.
We've known that from the beginning. If your AG can't or won't do his job his ass needs to resign or be fired.
If you're not afraid then why keep tweeting about the memos? Btw the memos cant br both "fake" and "classified", dummy. #ignorantdonald
Please just try to work on being a president....you are too easily distracted by people telling the truth!
the #LiberalMeltdown will still be pissed they lost... this will never end until #MAGA .... they will never stop, even when defeated, but skrew them, we will #MAGA
Tweet, Donald, tweet.
Better that you tweet than "work".
How about some golf?
You need some golf, Donald.
You are a great golfer and should golf rather than work.
Every hour you golf the World is an hour safer.
If it’s so weak why are you so worried about it. It’s nothing. Try to focus on doing great things.
I love the Trump administration. Its been extremely entertaining.
