Stormy Daniels is a non-story. Trump paid this woman to shut up about consensual sex with his own money in a legal fashion. This is standard in Washington and is going on with OUR TAXPAYER MONEY! Trump slept with her twelve years ago and paid her with his own cash! WHO CARES?
Libs convenient forget about Bill Clinton and JFK. Who actually had affairs while they were in office.
Nobody forgot. You seem to have forgotten the enormous amount of time, energy, and resources used to begin impeachment proceedings against Bill Clinton for far less than what Trump and Co have been up to.
Mueller has turned over every stone and looked under every rock. In a year nothing. No evidence of any wrong doing. Clinton wagged his finger and lied to America. Every investigation absolves Trump of wrongdoing. They have nothing. They know it.
And how much of our paychecks have gone to fund this damn Russisn collusion witch hunt. Smh
It is a witch hunt. But its going to backfire on dems in the midterms. When all you have on your side is a money hungry aging porn whore that's slept with more men than Bill Clinton had women you know your party is doomed. Stormy Daniels...dem party mascot lol.
They got Capone on tax evasion. Nobody complained.
Or, in legal terminology, "Money Laundering"
Clinton foundation  /  Hillary knows money laundering
^ #PutinBot

We’re back to Clintons, ha? That’s all you got? 
And the irony of your post is that Clinton was actually impeached
Ok #Dennison #ShitholePresident #ForbesSpanking #PutinsBitch
Input or output? Asking for a friend
LOCK THEM UP!!! #DrainTheDeepState






Oh, I love these tweets where you fuck yourself over legally, again and again and again and again. Never stop, Donald.

Time to use the Insurrection Act and clean up house, Mr. President!
You’re terrible ! Resign they got you
I hope your $130,000 nut was worth screwing over the entire country.  #resign
Monthly salary, not retainer. If you recall, or can bring yourself to remember the fact, Cohen was executive VP of Trump organization... As well as other positions within your corrupt group. I'm fairly certain he wasn't working for free.
Cohen:  I paid Stormy Daniels $130,000.  Trump didn't reimburse me.
Trump:  I don't know anything about it. You have to ask Michael Cohen.
Rudy:  Trump reimbursed Cohen for the payment to Stormy Daniels.
Ever thought that he could have learned about it?
Liar, liar, liar !
You are such a failure as a human being. 
In the history books you will be know for one thing, and one thing only; leading millions of brainwashed evangelical anti-intellectuals into 
THE ERA OF THE GREAT TRANSGRESSION.
WORST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME
Hundreds more will come and go, but you will never lose the title. Winning...
Hey, @seanhannity, can you have Rudy on your joke of a show EVERY NIGHT? 
Please, please, please, bring him back for more!
Is @SarahHuckabee going to sport some serious smokey eyed lies today?
Dirty Work on Retainer!
By the way, @realDonaldTrump, can you recall every phone call and conversation you had with Cohen? Are you sure that you didn't say something that will put you in Leavenworth? Is Ivanka and Jared going to have to raise their kids from a 6x6 concrete cell?
They have 
E V E R Y T H I N G 
and E V E R Y O N E.

MANAFORT
GATES
FLYNN
PAPADOPOULIS
STONE
SCHILLER
SATER
KUSHNER
IVANKA
BAKU
PUTIN
KISLYAC
STORMY
SESSIONS
NIX
MERCER
THIEL
PRINCE
ASSANGE
FAILURE-IN-CHIEF
Last nights train wreck of an interview with Sean Hannity proves you and your team of dotards have the combined IQ of a used pencil shaving.
Wow. Did you think that up all by yourself. 

You don't have a clue. It's actually really sad.
Clueless, you say?  How do you keep up with the latest and greatest lie from the Lair in Chief, Rex, or are you one of his personas?  The Dotard spends his days watching Fox, talking to Hannity and Tweetstorming complete nonsense that only his clones embrace.
You’re late
When an attorney forces his client to post things on twitter.
Oh my G, teeny tiny fingers, you could not have possibly written this. Which of your "lawyers" snagged your phone?
Please do this country a favor, #RESIGN!!!
#YouReallySuckAsPotus
#MyAttorneyGotArrested #IllegitimatePOTUS #INCOMPETENTPOTUS #IncapablePotus
#LowEnergyPotus
He didn't write this, commas in the proper positions and everything spelled right
...your way of silencing women who dare to speak up about your boorish and likely criminal sexual behavior.
This is common. Everyone does it. The Left is trying to make a big deal from nothing.
Where did you get your law degree, asslicker??
Donald Trump, you really love, using, and abusing, commas.
Why is everyone wasting time on this porn star when we've got NK and Iran talks to get through? Shows the priorities of the anti-intellectual left.
The left apparently only think with their loins.
I'd say that's correct.  The left has a tabloid mentality.
Very shallow. The “I don’t know if I’m male or female today” set. I’ve known young women like this. Very odd.
That's such a minority though. I've known them too. Every class has one. Its crazy.

Undoubtably, the fools are far, far worse. Trump is one man, he'll be tossed onto the trash heap of history eventually. But the ppl that put him in our highest office will still be around; making terrible decisions that will lead to the demise of this country.
No worse then the obama clan and their legacy. Am i right!??
No misspellings. Proof Trump didn't write this. Whoever did is trying to put the lid back on a can of spilled oil. Problem is, trying to clean up the oil and all you have is Sham-wow.

Thanks, I needed that good laugh!
We all need a good laugh
Oh come on, this isn’t the first time. How many women, wives and non wives  have you kept quiet? Cant imagine you even have time to tweet about this.
Oh Donny Boy, somebody needs to tighten those wrist straps. But don’t stop tweeting!!
Your goose is cooked.
And Hillary voters apparently think God meant for marriage to be between a man, his husband, his transgender girafe, and a woman that identifies as a 3 yr old boy. What's ur point?
Brother, hush money is hush money! Hush money to someone to keep hushed during a campaign is considered a campaign contribution! Now, you’re acknowledging the payment and the intent... Oh oh... The hole is getting deeper..
Fat Donnie admits to paying back the illegal campaign cost... Fat Donnie isn’t really smart...
So you admit to this lie, which will require your financial records to corroborate since you lie so much. When do we get the truth on the Russian peeing and collusion too?
Do you really think the American public is buying this obnoxious reasoning of yours. You’re a pathological liar and we all know it. You just lied and admitted that you lied in the past by saying you know I knew about the payment.
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT !
Let Donald tweet.
No !!! NO CAPS? Not Donny
you’re fooling no one. you did not write this tweet.     tick. tock.
Keep talking and by ALL means keep your mouthpieces talking too. #MuellersComing
Sorry but that is not the way he types,  probably kellyann
Please resign.
I hate it when people give you £100k for something that never happened. Something we can all relate to #JustTrumpThings

Everyday you’re on here defending yourself or people you hire or people you associate with. Everyday!!!!!! 
And EVERY day there are NON-STOP frivolous attacks, accusations and allegations against him. You'd do the same. That makes you him and I alike except all he's trying to do is run a country, change what he believes is wrong and put USA 1st. You have a problem with which part?
Ma vatene a funculo stupido.
LOL, without USA Italy would be German or Russian by now. Italian opinion irrelevant.

Just be honest. This has been a business scandal for Trump Towers.
WOW... you are guilty AF!!!
You literally cannot do anything legal. It’s like you’re addicted to crime. JFC, we thought Nixon was bad.
YOU ARE GOING TO PRISON YOU DOTARD! IVANKA AND JR ARE GOING TO PRISON! ONLY ERIC WILL COME VISIT! #DALEKFACT
DONNIE IS THE LAUGHING STOCK ON MEGYN KELLY SHOW THIS MORNING!  SHE HAS LAUGHTER COMING OUT FROM WHEREVER! COHEN AND GIULIANI WILL BE JOINING HIM IN PRISON!
#CAMPAIGNLOVE 
#DALEKJUSTICE
#Trump is a liar go testify under oath what are you afraid of?
@realDonaldTrump so this is lie #3 or 4
#3 or 4, of the morning you mean, right?
Obviously Rudy trying to clean it up from last night. Still digging a hole, doesn’t understand that.
Please, explain to us how the rich don't EVER pay for the consequences of their actions....
These agreements are strictly for the assholes who think that they are ABOVE THE LAW...
Like obama. Or kiltons.

Yea because like obama never once had a scandle in the WH. And killary is a saint. Booohooo! She lost. We aint a socialist country. GET OVER IT.
But wait, I thought you knew nothing about this? If I were you I’d get off Twitter. Oh wait, stay. Implicate yourself. Easier.
This shit makes me laugh. One minute you know nothing about any payment now you’re a god damned PhD about it. What a lying asshole.
And Giuliani used the word “funneled”, isn’t that a fancy word for money laundering? Because we all know you know the best words.....
The DEEPSTATE has one goal to remove you from the Office. #Mueller has only 1 goal to find crimes and charge you with. 
America is in cross road facing NOKO,  Iran, Immigration and coup within. We need you to lead w/o distraction. 
#FireMueller,  Sessions & Rosenstein
#Potus cannot be prosecuted for any crimes while the president so get over yourself!!
Cohen actions to benefit the campaign are in kind contributions. The payout assigns value. $130K unreported campaign contribution violating election law.
He did not pay from Camphain $$! Liar
The campaign received an unreported $130K benefit in kind and that is a probable campaign finance violation.
Anybody remember Bill Clinton? The rapist in chief that had so many affairs he makes Story Daniels look Amish? Or JFK? Trump is accused of having sex with someone ten years before he became president. Not while he was president. Hypocritical libs. Glass houses my lib friends.
Keep looking backwards my friend. I understand how scary the future is with him in office!!
What you idiots don't realize is if on the sliver of a chance Trump is impeached then Pence becomes president. Trump on steroids. All the things you libs hate rolled up into one. Christian gun loving pro military pro wall anti illegal...
You people can't even get your lies straight.
So you admit it was none of it #FakeNews! There was an agreement. You knew of it. You paid for it. You lied about not knowing about it. You lied about not paying for it. Well then. As usual, YOU were the one generating the FakeNews.
You should be a reporter... :)
AND I ABSOLUTELY ABHOR ROD ROSENSTEIN UNCONSTITUTIONALLY VIOLATING MR. COHEN’S AND YOUR 4TH AMENDMENT RIGHTS!

TOTAL SOVIET KGB / DDR STASI !!

UNACCEPTABLE IN THE USA!
The FBI had probable cause and a search warrant. The Cohen raid was completely legal. Nice try, though.
How do you know? No one even validated that any spying was done! Your mind is rotted from too much CNN and Maddow.
I’m not sure what spying you’re taking about. I was referring to the raid of Cohen’s office and homes as being carried out within the letter of the law and thus constitutional.
Really? Below liberal legal expert disagrees!
Wiretapping a lawyer & obtaining search warrants/subpoenas for e-mail files, hard drives, etc., without any substantial evidence of a serious crime is beyond disturbing. Campaign contributions don’t…
Here is everything you and your camp hv said on this subject: 
-Stormy Daniels is fake news
-Not fake but no money was paid
-Money was paid but Trump didn't reimburse
-Trump reimbursed it
And why should anyone believe anything said by a man who forges his own health report?
Written by a lawyer, lots of commas and no random capital letters. SAD!
This was written by a lawyer. A #bad one.
TROUBLE.
“oh Lordy I hope there are tapes!”


"Says who"?
Seven commas, used correctly. Who wrote this for you?
Guess you forgot about this when you said you’d never given him any money.
How many lies have you told now, sir.
5 am tweets by #IdiotinChief omgomgomg  how’s your golf game?
So who wrote this tweet.......Giuliani??? You sure as hell didn't  spell all those BIG WORDS!! #TrumpColluded #TrumpCrimeFamily
Trump: Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse, in the Rose Garden! 

Now let’s talk about my hush money payment to my Porn-Star mistresses.. Praise the lord??

Proclamation:
Dude, he paid hush money to protect your campaign run right before the election, then you paid him back. You're fucked.
Right because everybody pays off false accusations. Wink wink 

You realize that with these tweets you are publicly calling your base, followers & voters, dumb & a bunch of rubes. Why do you insult them with lies & unbelievable made up stories? You said on AF1 you knew nothing?
Tick tock tick tock

I imagine Trump is calling Cohen right now to ask him if he has seen the news that he was wiretapped.
Bill Clinton with his AIDS and syphillis ridden finger pointed at us and said "I did not have sex with that woman". Enter the blue dress. Hey liberals. Remember the blue dress? Remember Clinton being impeached? Remember he admitted it? Glass houses my friends. Glass houses.
I just have to say, that's an awful lot of "retainer" for someone who does a “tiny, tiny little fraction” of your legal work. #LiarInChief
How long did you talk to Cohen on the Hannity's the third client day?  Asking for millions. ...Thanks
So, when you said you knew nothing about the payment, you were just a lying liar who lies a lot . . . . We all understand now that you will admit the truth only when confronted with incontrovertible evidence . . . and you know who's good at gathering evidence? #RobertMueller
This is obviously the very first tweet you have allowed someone else to write as it is coherent.  It is still a load of bullshit, but coherent.
"An attorney" - but i thought he was "a businessman" ??? 

Keep splainin’ please
Do you even know that there is a difference between a "retainer" and repaying a payment made for an NDA? Either you're too dumb to know the difference or you are LYING yet again. Which is it?
"A monthly retainer" for paying off "NDA" agreements--Just how many NDAs are there out there, Dumbo Donnie?
My god!
@StormyDaniels & #KarenMcDougal weren't the only ones?
(Which kind of retainer was it--the mouth kind or the wad (roll) of money kind?--Just asking for a friend)
Didn't your English teacher ever tell you about run-on sentences? SHM
You are so going Down and I can’t wait!!!!
Nice try Donny.
Liar in Chief changes his story and his lies tongo with it!  keep up the #resist movement and bring this fool to his knees
No body believes anything u say
You have NO credibility. 

None. 

Zip. 

Zero.
Save it for the jury. Enough of your bull already!
You don’t even have to explain... completely irrelevant and baseless accusations against you. You are doing a great job sir!!
Lalalalalalalalalalalslshhhhh
Were not 
Listening
Lalalalalalala
So, let me get this straight.
You claim to be this amazing businessman with extraordinary deal making skills. And yet you pay an "attorney" a huge monthly retainer to do a "TINY, TINY, not really much at all" amount of legal work? #IsThatYourStory?
On AF1 a week or so ago you said to ask Michael because you didn’t know anything about a payment. You were lying obviously like you do all the time with every breath you take. You have a sickness and it’s called “Extreme lying syndrome”
NDA does not protect against criminal investigations, you are finished soon
You know you're a joke right? A walking contradiction. While your disciples throw around gifs that suggest everyone is against you and you're all that's good in the world. You should man up and stop your crazy. #dumptrump

#IHearYouSMAC  #LockHimUp

You’re Best president ever
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is an international disgrace. She spends most of her press briefings lying or deflecting. She rarely gives definitive clear answers to anything. She’s beyond unqualified for the role. And is by far the worst Press Secretary in the history of this country.
Trump Is Going To Have To Testify Under Oath Thanks To Rudy Giuliani https://www.politicususa.com/2018/05/03/trump-is-now-going-to-have-to-testify-under-oath-thanks-to-rudy-giuliani.html … via @politicususa thank you @seanhannity lol #CrookedTrump @tedlieu @RepAdamSchiff @DevinNunes @Jim_Jordan @SenateMajLdr @LouDobbs @maddow @jaketapper @Lawrence @chelseahandler
@tribelaw
Dude.  Tell the special counsel, not us.

Translation: It was ALL from the campaign. ALL of it. He is a Pathological Liar. Nothing he says can be believed. Zero credibility. His COVER-UP is being revealed. Drip! Drip! Drip!
Trump once said @Comey should be concerned there were tapes. Now who is concerned because there are tapes of his long-time attorney / fixer.
All of a sudden you remember the details of what you said you knew nothing about...Or did Giuliani come up with this Malarky? Just show us your taxes, receipts & we'll make up our own mind.  Bahahahaha GUILTY.  Resign u POS! #ImpeachTrump #IndictTrump
We're not worried about stormy sir
You have no credibility.

Dont you ever listen to your laywers, Keep thy mouth shut, The hole keeps getting bigger ,Oh by the way stop calling people ,Some one in WH got caught on a wiretap with Cohen , Bet it was the wife right ,, Also Rudy loves the spotlight way too much,, this is a pr nightmare 
Porn Star banging Donnie! You can do better then that.... Sounds like you're be back tracking... Hope she was worth the $130k, and the inevitable impeachment..

This is the 4th version of this story.

-Stormy Daniels is fake news
-Not fake but no money was paid…
Mr. Cohen a fixer for a #FakePresident 
Who will break any & all laws to protect him, says he'll "Take a Bullet" for him. He will now spend the rest of his days fixing his own life. Is there anyone in your life who hasn't been totally ruined!?! Every #Crook you know will fall.
It's probably disappointing for any @POTUS to have your own lawyers out you about your lying. If you want to minimize damage, you should #ResignNow and FFS, take that zealot @VP with you. And Paul Ryan. And anyone else who has compromised themselves for you. You're a disgrace.
Guilliani admitted Trump’s Guilt on Fox News; Iooks like Our Commander in Chief is right Fox is not Fake News!!! LOL!!!!!
Your desperation is both amusing and alarming. I guess it's hard to keep your story straight when all that's been said is based in falsehoods and lies. Your fans should know better than to trust an OBVIOUS CONMAN. #LiarInChief #DonTheCon
You should probably quit Tweeting. You're digging a deeper hole for yourself.
You lie from the moment you wake up to the moment you go to sleep. Liar!!!
You're a fucking liar, we get it.
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
I call BS!!  #basta #basta
No one ever said Trump was a saint, but what he's doing for this country is nothing short of greatness. MAGA!
Come on Fatboy, you obviously had some stooge like Giuliani write these lies for you. Please don't do that. You are much more entertaining when you write it yourself and have a hissy fit. Very funny stuff.
Well since 95% of what you say are lies, hope you remember this explanation under sworn deposition 
Mr. Trump, a total liar, did not write this serious of tweets. The only part he likely helped with is "roll" instead of "role." 
You and your surrogates have told so many lies it's hard to decipher what is fact and what is fiction. It's quite comical that you all just can't get on the same page with your stories.
Oh, so now you're admitting that hush money was paid to Stormy Daniels for you. You said on national tv, you didn't know anything about the pay-off.
Trumps days are numbered! #TrumpLiesMatter

You talking about bama.
#Bot
Rudy proved that there was an agreement that you did sleep with her, you did cheat on your wife, you did pay your lawyer hundred and $30,000 for the payment he made to her, so you knew about it you’re a liar
It’s amazing how this so-callled Russian Collusion Investigation has morphed into this. If the president paid this out of his own pocket back to his lawyer it is no crime. Breaking the attorney client privilege right is a serious set back for all Americans.
to be the President of this nation, and boldly lie is a disgrace!  Resign, before you bring down your entire family and friends

Keep talking, bud. Mueller is watching.
busted
You should totally go and tell this to Mueller in person, not us. Hell, while you’re at it, you should answer some other questions as well! You’re innocent so what have you got it lose, right?
Lordy.  Lordy there are tapes.   Michael Cohen.
How you know a tweet wasn't written by @realDonaldTrump- no caps, no exclamation marks, no spelling errors.
So you changed your story again? And we are supposed to believe you? What do you not lie about?
Well, that should be easy to prove. Monthly retainer, that is. Ready to sit down with #Mueller ? How’s Giuliani working out for ya?
Ahhh....i see what you did there.....
Which lie are we to believe..  asking for a nation
Again, NDAs between a party with information that may effect a campaign's outcome and a candidate for office are illegal and non-enforceable. Just because your lawyer sucks at his job doesn't mean your illegal contract is valid.
uh  how may we put it BULLSHIT  yep its covered
This does not help your case Mr. President. It would be helpful for you to stop tweeting. Period.
You keep changing your story to accommodate every new lie. It would be so much easier if YOU TOLD THE TRUTH. Which will never happen. Do you ever remember what the truth is anymore. All your enablers keep giving you had advice. And you have ZERO control of your mouth or tweets.
Maybe if you say enough stories people will believe you..pfft.#NotMyPresident
Lmfao, dude this is like third or fourth version of this that you have put out there.

Ooh, someone feeling a lickle bick FOUND OUT?!!!
We all know you didn’t write this it sounds way too intelligent and actually is readable and understandable
"having nothing to do with the campaign"

Except for the fact the whole payoff was BECAUSE of the campaign.

Inconvenient facts.
Summary of Trump’s statements on the matter so far

“There was no payment and if there was it wasn’t hush money and if it was hush money it wasn’t illegal and if it was illegal... <tweet pending>.”

Got it.
Monthly retainers do not constitute a loan repayment. This violates laws. @tribelaw how is this allowed?
The truth is you had an affair and tried to cover it up so you’d win the presidency, that’s fraud and it’s illegal.  #TickTockDickweed
Are your SURE YOU wrote this Donnie?? I am a teeny little bit suspicious!!!
More blatant lies from trump these tweets make you look guilty   #trumplies #alternativefacts #MichaelCohen  #RudyGiuliani
Give it up Donnie boy.... Rudy threw you under the bus for the second time....  Remember the 'Muslim Ban', that he ratted you out on?   I sure as hell  do.
@realDonaldTrump #WIRETAP -LMAO WHEN WAS THE #REAL #PRESIDENT #OBAMA'S ATTORNEY -WHO PAID MONEY TO A PORN STAR -@StormyDaniels @MELANIATRUMP #WIRETAPPED??
 #FUCKING #NEVER LMAO @RudyGiuliani @GOP #STORMYWEATHER @IvankaTrump @GovMikeHuckabee @PressSec
You Can’t keep Changing your Story I Really Believe You Should Be LOCKED UP Send Trump To Jail 
Nobody believes a word that comes out of your mouth or from anyone who represents you. Accept it, and resign.
Donny you didn’t write this. Your hands are too small for big words.

Rudy has a great strategy... media is biting... yay... keep going... we win and win...
Do you now admit you know Stormy Daniels? How did you find yourself to this disgraceful situation?
#Resign !!!!! #WhinyLittleBitch #EnoughIsEnough

You had a "fixer" lawyer who "received a monthly retainer" to pay off all the women you slept with...while you were married to @FLOTUS & your other wives?
How many women did you "pay off" with "retainer money" through @MichaelCohen212 as your "fixer?"
You're a criminal...Resign!
Let me translate:
I, Donald J. Trump esq, Am convinced, despite all the contrary evidence, that I’m the smartest person in the world. I also believe I’ve mastered the Jedi mind trick and would have been in Star Wars, they asked me, but I said “no” because I’m way too busy.
You sure do a LOT of talking about Stormy Daniels for this to be a non-issue.
Can someone teach this idiot how to thread tweets?
I think those tanning bed bulbs are getting to your brain
To this thread, and in honor of #NationalDayofPrayer - pray!


#PrivateContractNDA
#NothingToDoWithCampaign
#FakeNews
#WitchHunt
So:
#ElectionFraud
#UraniumOne
#TarmacMeeting
#AwanSpiesInGovernment
#MuslimBrotherhoodInGovernment
#BOAdministrationAreTraitors
#LockThemUp
#ClintonFoundation
#PayToPlay
#ReleaseTheTexts[Unredacted]
#TheStorm
Maga
Come on Mr President just come clean.  Where is the water mark in the swamp now.
The ADL are targeting you with their influence over the Bar association and the justice department!
Hey, numbnuts, why did you need a non-disclosure agreement if there was nothing to disclose?
Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are.....
Your lies...pick one. Stick with it.
You dig the bigly, yughley, bestest, holes. Keep tweeting.
You’re going down orange brother  from your cra cra  mother 
American democracy is being dismantled, wealth is being hoarded by the obscenely rich, roads are crumbling, schools are in shambles and the national media is intimidated and cowering in fear but we can now say Merry Christmas just as our founding fathers intended,  booyah @maddow
Tick tick boom!
I wish I could get paid $35k/mo for doing a "tiny bit" of your legal work
Six lies a day's to the American people...resign you f****** moron...

GOP is finished...bc of your inability  to run the country...Moron...

#TrumpCrimeFamily
Blah, blah, blah.....you are going down, you lying sack of 
@kylegriffin1

FLASHBACK: April 5.

Q: Did you know about the $130,000 payment to Stormy Daniels? 
TRUMP: No. No. What else?
Q: Then why did Michael Cohen make those if there was no truth to her allegations?
TRUMP: Well, you'll have to ask Michael Cohen.
Then why all the dancing around the issue, these last few months? Why did you deny any knowledge of the agreement? 

Why didn’t you sign the actual agreement? 

There’s more to this than you’ve let on. This whole thing smells like a week-old fish.
#lies #TheResistance #Giuliani Haha haha. What a car crash. Want to check the WH for the chickens coming home to roost.
