Glad to know you’re a spy. Hopefully the US intelligence community will act on your admission.
This is a serious issue and the president is working to rescue a man condemned for nothing more than his religious faith. Can you people set aside your hatred for Trump just a little and agree that this citizen needs to be freed and sent home? Let your bitterness rest a minute.
Tell me more about his innocense,Crime=Punishment!!!
Soooo... you’re a spy now? 
This is a serious issue and the president is working to rescue a man condemned for nothing more than his religious faith. Can you people set aside your hatred for Trump just a little and agree that this citizen needs to be freed and sent home? Let your bitterness rest a minute.
If you believe that then I’ve got some steaks to sell you.
You just came out as a spy.  Your cover is blown Donald.  Didn't they teach you that in Spy school?
It was in the words section of the spy manual #ReadingIsHard
Oooof. Might wanna think about that phrasing there lol
I am very worried for Pastor Brunson, and you must do everything within your power to bring him home.  I am certain that, as a Christian, he is not living in the best of conditions, or receiving the best treatment.  Erdogan is evil to his core!
What do U know about prisons in Turkey polish woman?The prisoners work in certain jobs if they are eligible and in good conduct.and they get paid,plus their social security is paid to the social security agency,they have holidays to go visit their family,may be released in parole
Can you please elaborate on how you’re a spy?
Thank you for remembering Rev. Brunson whom so many seem to have forgotten. Please also use the influence of your office and the State Department to secure his immediate release.
may be we'd swap the clerics dude.if you know what i'm sayin'

How did I miss this? 

Trump admitted he’s a Russian spy. 
Please CALL Turkey's President and negotiate for this man's release.  Your the President of the United States...  Don't "hope" he sees his family soon... do something to get him home!
So what you're saying is that you're both spies, only you're better at it ... fantastic!  Now send yourself directly to jail, traitorous Shitgibbon. Do not pass go, do not collect your $200.

#TRE45ON #TraitorTrump #PutinsPuppet #LockHimUp #Nullify2016Election
Shitgibbon
Am admission of guilt!  Finally! 
You're even stupider than you look! Lololol!
Ver papazı.! Al papazı...
Uğraşma artık şu adamla adam seninle uğraşmaktan kendi ülkesini yönetemiyor
I'll take "Admissions of Treason" for 500 Alex. This president admitted on Twitter to being a Russian spy.
Gee Golly! Trump just Confessed he is a SPY!
Yes we know, Agent Orange.
Calling yourself "more of a spy than he is" doesn't really make him look like less of a spy, tbh

That would be like Nixon saying "They call Hoffa a criminal, but I'm more of a criminal than he is."

Like no doi
Thank you President Trump!
Is this an admission of guilt? Are you a #Russian spy? You've been groomed by #Putin's #oligarch friends for many years. Perhaps you're a spy & don't even know it ... except subconsciously.
So you admit you’re a spy for Russia?
Ha well you got one thing right anyway
@sinnsage , I guess he likes to have his foot in his mouth everyday! Shit he says is unbelievable!!! Both of can’t figure out why he still fucking president!
Thank-you for your confession. Oh, Mr. Mueller! You’re gonna love this one!
Send in the S.E.A.L's or go Black OPS. Just do it. Obama let enough Christians fell to ISIS genocide. You sir, not not Obama. He's a failure to this country.
Don't flatter yourself! A spy flies under the radar. But you can call yourself The King of Treason. I don't know anyone who would deny you that title!
Did Erdogan offer you $15M for Gülen, too?
You not smart enough to be a spy #Moron.

A lying, leaking, money laundering, sexual assaulting, colluding, obstructing, racist traitor...yes.

A spy...no.
Thank you Mr. President! #PastorAndrewBrunson
The Spy who loved me and then had me sign a non-disclosure agreement is my favourite James Bond movie Mr. President.
We knew it! You ARE a Russian spy!
Thank you,  Mr. President . God Bless you and the First Family. Amen 
God bless Stormy!!
Bots never have a Profile Pic. 
Ruskie much??
Ruskie like Donald!you mean?Da Da Da!!!
LOL finally you admit you're working for Putin.
"The Spy Who Came in From Mar A Lago"
@POTUS the spy really makes me wonder "From @Russia With Love." @PutinRF_Eng
I can’t believe you are actually admitting to being a spy.  We have known it for awhile, but confirmation from you is helpful.
Emredersin Trump Yarın postalarız sana Haddini bil bu ülke hakkında atıp tutamazsın Bu ülkenin içişlerine karışamazsın sen Zulüm sizin işiniz o papaz İhanetin bedelini ödeyecek bu ülkede Siz de ödeyeceksiniz bu ülkede akan kanların bedelini
You, a spy?? 
Is he smart enough?  
Just shut up already. You are an idiot.
#PutinsBottomBitch
Yes, we already know you are. Are you trying to incriminate him, too?
Says the guy being investigated for collusion with a foreign power. Good one!
But you are a spy Blanche... y’are!
Bro, I’m begging you. Jurassic Park: fallen kingdom doesn’t come out until June 22. PLEASE don’t start WW3 until a few days after.
So, you're a spy.
Oh you’re a spy alright...spying on female dressing rooms.
@netflix: Dirty Money episode 6! 
#DonTheCon #DonaldTrump #Netflix
A "fine" gentlemen?

Does that come with tiki torches?
This man is guilty of caring for the Turkish people, nothing more. He is a hostage that needs to be freed!
So you’re saying you’re a spy?
Yes, a Russian spy, for many years now.
Trump hill
You aren't a fine gentleman, leader, or a Christian.  You did get the spy part correct though.  Moron, sorry I meant fucking moron! To quote Tillerson.
That's what's called a Freudian slip.  It's the ONLY WAY Trump can tell the truth.
“Groomed by Putin”?? “Russian spy”???
Man... you haters are really reaching and praying that he’s guilty of something. Weird how a 2 year investigation turned into nothing but a porn star story from 12years ago. Keep dreaming dreamers...he’s not going anywhere. #maga2020


Wish all the loser #Resistance pukes would do the country a favor and hold their breath, then again, they don't need oxygen 
#resistancelosers
You are more a spy than nearly everyone else in this country. You are the spiest, if such a thing existed. Literally, you are the highest ranking possible place the Russians could have placed a spy. And they did. Now shut up.
Does this have anything to do with Flynn - your beloved Natl Security Advisor - conspiring to kidnap an American citizen in PA to take back to a Turkish firing squad?
You’ve been engaged in every conceivable dirty business on the planet, insurance fraud, money laundering, fraud, human trafficking. Corrupt to the bone. Most people aren’t, and don’t care for those who are. We the people are coming for you and the only place to hide is Russia.
So, you’re now confessing to treason AND espionage. Got it.
Sen fetöyu orda tut.. pyd ye silah ver para yardimi yap . Ondan sonra turkiye de ki pastor andrew brunson dallamasinin geri iadesini bekle. Once adam ol .. akilli ol sonra isteklwrine karsilik bekle. Trump ver fetoyu al pastoru!!!
You ARE a spy. A Russian spy! 

Thanks for admitting it finally!
Lol!! This bozo President is a never ending trip  down the rabbit hole.
#ImpeachTrump he is a spy.
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump
Well hello comrade trump
It sounds like you're both really good at it.
Is this an admission that you are a spy for Russia ?

#TrumpRussia
#PutinsPuppet
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
#TrumpRussiaConspiracy
#TraitorTrump
#GOPTreason
I don't EVER use the word spy for you.

Traitor is more accurrate....
Well trump told the truth he is a Russian spy
Spy vs spy
Sen fetö papazını veriyonmiki biz senin papazı verek mister Turp
@sibeledmonds trade Turkey straight across give them Gulan for the pastor
Thank you for expressing concern for someone being done wrong by Turkey.  I hope you can do something to help and remind Americans they are in danger in that country that killed so many Armenians in a genocide only 100 years ago.
Sadettin köpek öldü. @realDonaldTrump 
Sıra 24 Haziran da pensilvanya papazina gelecek.
Keep up the good work! Drain the swamp 
Erdogan is laughing at you he doesn't care what you say You should be on the phone to that animal instead of Tweeting about http://it.World  leaders don't respect you they don't do business with you its the US they do business with.Your just someone they need 2 smile at.
Since you lie about everything I’m guessing Brunson is not a fine gentleman or a true Christian, is not on trial for nothing, is a spy, and that you are one, too. So thanks for finally fessing up, dumsh$t! The first step to recovery is admitting you have a problem. #Traitor
You know all about spies! funny you defend this and days later criminal Giuliani is on your legal team! All crooked in da WH
rogue state usa... 15 July ..!
Tell us about your plan for Dubai emirate after Dubai ruler did what he did to his doughtier Shaikha LATIFA. #FreeLatifa
Yeah. For Russia. We know. 

We do appreciate you finally being honest about something for once, tho.
Glad you point out that you are a Spy, lots of people believe you are a Russian Spy.
Yeah but you're a spy for Russia not Turkey.
Are you admitting to being a spy?   Because high treason is punishable by death.

Remember you said it. You're more spy than he is. That is one thing that comes out of your mouth/twitter account. Then I ever expected to hear from you in truth.
I hope @realDonaldTrump will tweet about Pastor Cao, who is in jail in China right now.
So your admitting collusion with the Russians then?
It's interesting how your subconscious keeps confessing that you're a Russian Tool (Spy). Everyone is talking about it, even you. #LockHimUp
#PresidentPridurok
Yes, u proved it by showing classified docs to Russians...wait, THAT makes you a TRAITOR
Thank you Mr. President, for sticking up for Christians who are done wrong by. @HomeMediaMom @shadikhalloul @allnews2nite
An endorsement by Trump...the kiss of death. It could only be worse if he stated he had great confidence in him.
You are "more a spy than he is." What? You have completely lost it. You sound like a teenager. "Look at me! I'm a spy today, the bestest spy in the land!"
Finally, you've said what we've known all along. You are a spy, so step down. We don't allow spies to be president.  #GetOutComradeDJT #VotetheStupidOutofGovt #GetLostPOTUSWeDontWantYou  #StoptheMadness #TraitorDJTneedstoGo
"They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is."

Truer words were never spoken.
You are a Russian Spy
That’s what I think of you. A spy in the WH that Putin trolls elected.
Yes, #TrumpLies is definitely a double agent for Russia, in effect #TrumpColluded
you are a spy and you are admitting this, wow you are not the sharpest tool in the shed are you!
Admitting to spying...... Which country are you working for???..... Asking for a friend.... Bob, you getting this??
Are you a spy for #TrumpRussia ?#TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpColluded. #ImpeachTrump #LierInChief #VoteBlue2018 
Turkey isn’t an ally anymore w this Islamist leader . Time to pull back on sharing any intel w this cuck !
What about the Chaldeans from District 11 in MI that you had ICE round up this summer. They are still being detained awaiting deportation back to Iraq.  They are Christian and will be persecuted immediately upon return.  You are no better then the Turkish Thug, Erdogen.
What can you do to make it 'expensive' for Turkey to continue to hold thus man? But under no circumstances do NOT give them Gulen!
Your people is under persecution，you just send a Twitter?
Just admitted being a spy. Your stupidity amazes me. #impeach
pakistan is a peaceful country now.
A spy? Who’s the shortstop for the Brooklyn Dodgers?
Pastor Brunson is an American citizen. We need to go get him. I'll go get him. Turkey needs to send him home or forfeit any aid, trade or security that we and our allies provide. Religious persecution is a crime against humanity. You could get him home tomorrow if you are willing
Take notes mueller .  He is getting desperate to get basted . He is more afraid of PUTIN THAN YOU !!! Take him out of his misery !!!
Sending my Prayers For Pastor Brunson. In Jesus Name Amen.
I should be on trial and be prosccuted because i have the IQ of a Turkey and i am a russian Spy. Hopefully i will be impeached and (along with my criminal family) be sent to prison where we belong!
AMEN!
Bring this man home
Sir, she is ready for her close up.  We are ready to sit back and "Enjoy the show while you do the heavy lifting".
#ReleaseTheTarmacVideo
#MakeItRain
#AprilShowers
#LyingLoretta
#TheStormIsHere
#qanon
I guess if you are involved in Military Intel like Q then yea you are acting as a spy on all the badguys in the  world. Get them Bad Hombres @Potus
Mr. President—.  Get them out of NATO and cut their funding to zero and they will come to knees to send our Pastor back home.
The great sleuth! 
Lord, put your hand on this situation and bring this man home in the name of Jesus Christ, AMEN.
As Moses said to Pharaoh “LET MY PEOPLE GO”! The story didn’t go well for Pharaoh.  No country that says it wants to be part of a civilized world should take hostage any man or woman because of their faith- Isn’t Turkey a member of NATO - #Why
Thank you, Mr. President for being used by God to bring our Pastor Brunson home again 
Like an arsonist hanging around the burning building, you just can't resist the tell
I'm weeping for my country Nigeria, you're truly a good man. please don't forget to speak, act n get President Buhari out of Aso Rock. Nigerians are in a terrible situation. I love you Trump
AMEN. My President is the best negociator. God Bless You !
Maybe we could do a prisoner swap!  Wanna volunteer, Donnie?
Did you just admit you're a spy?
Aren't two of your attorneys working with this pastor?  If ethics mattered at all to you, you'd avoid publicly commenting on this.
We need to be praying for him America!!
Aren't you a Russian spy? Funny! I always assumed you were. Look at how sweet you are to them.
Please Mr President do what has to be done to bring Andrew Brunson home before it’s to late. As you are aware he is innocent and just being held hostage. I pray for you and for Andrew everyday. May God bring an end to his suffering and may he be reunited with his family.
Trade him places then. Do us all a favor.
Please do what you can for him.  Praying for him.
#wegothim @LastWeekTonight
You funny guy  thanks for making me laughing 
So you ARE a spy !  you just said, I am more of a Spy than he is .....not even as a joke should anyone in their right mind claim that they are spy if they are not....being a spy is being a TRAITOR !
Mr.Trump Mr.Gulen is a fine and kind gentleman he is a Muslim leader he missed Turkey so much he is no spy like Brunson please extradite him
Ver fetullah gülen papazını
Al kendi papazını.....
Ne dedin, bir daha söyle duymadık :))
rogue state usa.. 15 July ..!

So now your the new 007?
Just blow it up Biggy D, send a few dirty dozen of your smart was bombs with your Big fat fist printed on them & a note saying' Look what we just done did to your neighbours, we want our boy back. Lots of love Big Donny X.'
Ya know people, straws are gonna be banned soon, so you’ll need to find something else to grasp!!!
Thank you for looking out for our pastors! U are loved DJT. Ever think about holding a golf trnmnt for disabled Vets? Send me an invite! Ur the greatest, your the DON!
Um... I'm just going to let this tweet speak for itself, save it, and let your lawyers explain to you why you NEED to stop tweeting.
“They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy.....”.  We know.  Thanks for the confirmation.
So glad you’re admitting your spy treasonous tendencies. #BlueWave #Resistance
Even the most hated have a bit a good in them selves when they earn humility and the reality it projects.
how do you manage to lie in that distance.
Yes. You are a spy for #Russia #resign or be #impeached #traitor
Are you really this ignorant?
Revealing words. Trump is such an idiot.
http://Japan.is .faniwalds.
EVERAMERIKA!
Da comrade Trumpkov
Cry
Yes, You are a Russian spy and our corrupt Republican congress will not hold you accountable.  #VoteBlue2018
Just FYI, you should preface every tweet with “this on background,” just to see what happens.

Sayın TRUMP Tarih bilmiş olsa idi. Soyguncu,Soykırımcı,Petrol hırsızı Haçlıların Dünyada işledikleri cinayetleri Gaspları öğrenmiş olurdu sesini çıkartmaz Terörist katillerle işbirliği yapan papazı kendi cezalandırırdı. Gerçeklerden habersiz olduğu ortada.
http://www.depremerkenuyari.com 
I’ll take that as a confession.
You're on solid ground there. You're much more a traitor than a spy. Spying requires intelligence and subtlety you don't have.
Reisten başkana ileti,

Merkeli de Cc eklemiş. 
You're not a spy. The word is traitor.
Glad you finally admitted it. #Traitor
When you're being accused of collusion with the Russians this is probably not your smartest tweet - you really are as stupid as you look
Well, Turkey's goose is cooked now. Pun definitely intended.
Best wishes for him,I'm victimized of crimes against humanity,on American soil?
Our first president who is also a Russian stooge. Disgraceful.
I’m confused.....He’s a Russian Spy too?
You’re a spy? You eat shit for breakfast?
Hope you can get him home


So you ARE a Russian spy
You say the stupidest things.
Asset is the word you're looking for.  Spying is treasonous
God he plays with you idiots all the time and you fall for it all the time. Quite entertaining tho, don't stop. 
Should appeal it or to go to our Embassy in Ankara
For once, you're right. You ARE more of a spy than he is.
So you admit it....nice.
Well said Mr President! I truly believe you! You’re a spy for Russia. #LockTrumpUp!
So you admit you're a spy?
A Russian spy!
Even when it comes to something illegal and treasonous.... Dotard has to be better than the next guy.... "I'm a great spy, great! I have done the best spying and my spying is better than other spies. Two scoops of spying"
Yes, you are indeed more spy than he is.
Yep, a Manchurian candidate spy put in place by Russia.
I agree.  You are a spy.  And your lawyers.  And your wife.  And your children.  And Sean Hannity.  Deep Deep Red Russian Ties.  You aren't fooling anyone but your ignorant base.  Stay in maralago.  We don't want you in the WH.
You are a Russian spy, Moronic Dumbass Dotard Donald. #ImpeachTrump
For once the truth...  you're a spy!
Thank you for finally admitting to the American people that you are a spy. Now, please resign and give us our country and dignity back.
Mofo did you just admit that you're a spy?
