Day #461 of the hostage situation. Evil Captor makes a proclamation! His Acolytes and Minions, lead by his high-ranking Toady Devin, have thoroughly and painstakingly investigated any and all issues in a truly bipartisan manner holding many hours of hearings (like Benghazi)
And interviewing any and all witnesses and examining all evidence have concluded that HE the Evil One is as pure and clean as the Virgin Mary! He has been wronged and there will be hell to pay! (insert hostage eye roll here!)
@jamesalandarby
Gotta love the way he thinks putting a couple of choice words in all caps will make us believe it.  Wake up Donny boy, we're not the rubes that voted for you.
No. You are the intellectually dishonest that pursue a lie as the truth. Because the election did not turn out as you hoped then you will try and destroy America and her duly elected President through lies, deceit and false incrimination.
Is that why the Trump team met with a Russian spy?
Liberal idiot
Loser 
The dossier claims:
Page meeting Russians (true)
Kremlin targeted swing states (true)
Cohen was in Prague (true)
Trump team meetings (true
Rosneft meetings (true)
Pee pee
RT if you agree: We need a special counsel to investigate DNC corruption!
Crooked Hillary, Lyin’ Comey, McCabe and Obama all deserve jail time!
Just cover shipping and we’ll send you a #MAGA flag!

click here now: http://bit.ly/2FACh3T 
Can I get 2??????

One to shyt on.

And one to cover it up.
What's the other one for, wiping?
He uses his hand to wipe just like the other knuckle draggers
Well DUH !!! What do you use ???? Your tongue???
You had to delete this and tweet it again because you're illiterate.
Yeah, because you never make a mistake, or auto correct fucks you up either???

Follow That!
Well done.
REASONS OF FAILURE OF WOMAN’S ORGASM

A woman find difficulty in reaching climax if :-.....
Again?
So pardon Assange or find a way to end the investigation! Let him be free. Stand up for real news and stick it to the fake news. He’s been fighting to drain the swamp harder than anyone.
Obama Jokes About Game of Thrones-Style "Red Wedd…: https://youtu.be/_ZfsC6rs8Xo 





RESIGNNNNNN
In your dreams a-hole
House intelligence committee was a joke.  Let Mueller finish his investigation.  His is the one that counts.   We absolutely need him to find out what the Russians did to tamper so it doesn’t happen again.
The only hoax is that you ever fairly won the presidency. You’re a joke.
Swalwell sums it up. It's all out there Don. We can see the coverup. #TrumpRussiacoverUP
Tick tock tick tock
If you are so confident, then release your tax records and testify, under oath, in front of #MuellerInvestigation

Typical Gemini/low pole... Cannot tell the truth
The Wave of Red(Jesus Blood)is flowing across America. One Nation Under GOD. May the King of kings renew your strength daily.
If you are a Christian you might want to read your bible and review the 10 commandments Our constitution calls for government to stay out of religious matters and Americans have the right to worship as they see fit God DID NOT PICK TRUMP THELIARINCHIEFThe ignorant and racist did
And there the racism card. So predictable. Wake up. The left is the home of the racist.
Only in your dreams ....
Getting nervous Don the Con?  You should be.

Just keep telling yourself that.  But congratulations on finally spelling 'counsel' right!
Channeling Nixon again I see.
Shut up libturd!!!
We must #ClearGenFlynnNow

LIAR YOUR SON JUST GOT CAUGHT CONSPIRING WITH A RUSSIAN SPY YOUR JUST TRYING TO DISTRACT US FROM THE REAL NEWS

傻逼


This is so perfect.
Seriously. The fact that this is the top priority in the WH tonight is disgusting and embarassing.
He’s all sitting in front of the TV going red in the face while stuffing ten cheeseburgers in his orange sphincter. The man is insane
He is a nutjob. Everytime he calls Comey one it's pure projection.
That’s very true. Sick of his shit already. Especially after today, with his comments about the Paralympics. Like, haha so funny omg, they are handicapped. 
I was pissed after he said it was hard to watch. Hard to watch is any moment the president or vice president is on television.
Republican lying cowards conclude no collision. Duh.

Witches!
You have more patriots on your side than you'll ever know. Keep up the great work!! @Education4Libs @Anon_decoder @CH3TN1K_1389 @Pink_About_it

You and Cosby 2 peas in a pod. GUILTY GUILTY GUILTY
@StephenAtHome bout to get you...lol

Was a half assed investigation.  Republicans refused to issue subpoenas to prove evidence.  Will not take findings serious.  Waiting on Mueller for truth,  These Republicans led by Nunes cannot be trusted.
#InsanityPlea has become Dotard’s Defense  . He will not use #5thAmendment , he will use #25thAmendment on himself
Wasting money!! WE knew it all along Mr President !!
Your need to be validated is a sad way to live., It hinders you from living up to your full potential. God can restore you. All you have to do is believe. Good night

Unfortunately Trump didn't mention this hero because it doesnt fit his 'good guy with a gun' narrative that he is shilling for the NRA.
If that were true why was Trump silent about the Sutherland Springs Hero?? You're delusional
Regardless, he didn't tweet about this hero
So what? Even if he did ppl would slam him for it.
How? And even if they did, he is ignoring a hero and rambling on fox and friends and tweeting about kanye
Cause everything Trump does is damned if he does and damned if he doesn't.
You keep telling yourself that little donnie
Inspector General report!

Looking forward to more deep state Democrat, heads to roll!
Don't worry Donald by the time we're done investigating you if we don't find something we'll make something up to have you in peached you have so much dirt around you we'll pick something else besides Russia starting with the prostitutes
#FYIntelligenceCommitee

This is on POINT! 
Absolutely irrelevant. It only underscores Mueller’s desperation. #MAGA 
Finding and indicting criminals is now a sign of "desperation" lol!
Nothing to do with our President. Mueller was appointed based on a lie. He’s finished.
Now you are in the delusional stage.
We’ll see.  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp 
Out of all your hashtags the funniest one is Drain the Swamp. That is totally laughable considering the current Admin.
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @bannerite @viciousbabushka @zeitgeistbabe @amazinmikey @Mooncatadams @MtnMD #WomensHealth #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC #Navy #NoBallsDonnie#TrumpRally

Millions Respond
to Traitor Donnie's BS:
There is Russian Collusion!
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/meet-prosecutor-experts-robert-muellers-supreme-court-closer/story …
Lol
I hate to repeat myself but...
MAGA- My Attorney Got Arrested. Ruminate on that. Also, look up ruminate.
And this concludes your daily no collusion rant
Thank you president Trump for all that you do for America may God bless you sir and may God bless America
This is not surprising. I, also, rarely find things that I'm not actually looking for.
I listened to you in an interview today and I swear you sounded just like the  Dementia patients that I deal with. You should get yourself checked out. It shouldn't go untreated.
It’s sad how badly the GOP members of the House Intelligence Committee have tarnished the reputation of that committee. They chose party over country, & it is my sincere hope that they pay for that mistake by losing their seats. It won’t undo the damage, but still.
ShitgibbonTrump

Who was the blocked number the House GOP syncophants refused to peruse while your treasonous son @DonaldJTrumpJr , @PaulManafort and othe senior members of your campaign met with at Trump Tower?

HUH?

Collusion isn’t a crime, but obstruction of justice is. Plus, you’re just a shitty human being.
But was there a conspiracy.  I don't really give a damn about collusion since that's not a crime.  But I do care about conspiracy.  LOL.
I don't know how much dimensional-hopping you've done today, but I think you are in the wrong reality.  Might want to recheck those coordinates.
That's not what the Russian female Lawyer that met with your Sissified Son Donny Jr is saying.. Cohen going to Flip too
19 indictments and 5 guilty pleas says otherwise - Nice try though
All run by fucking republicans. ... we all know they lie and they are protecting you for some unknown reason.  If I were them , I'd throw you under the bus in a heartbeat.  We need a change . Resign now and take liar , racist pence with you
Biased report and you know it. Mueller already has evidence of collusion and obstruction of justice on YOU. So who cares what the Republicans say...Biased reporting and lies per usual from the Republicans.
*counsel #spellcheckablessingandacurse
Just keep wishing. But it's not going to work.
Who cares what the Unintelligent GOP Committee has to say? I believe ppl are Sick of "Political Theatre". Let's see what Mueller & his team have to say..K?
Anyone that actually believes that garbage is a traitor to this country. Nunes did not even try to investigate, he was part of the Trump campaign and is in neck deep. They're all going to jail.
What 'Witch Hunt' REALLY means...
Tell us again why Jr said he took that meeting with all those Russians? Come on tell us don't be shy. You talk about everything else tell us why Jr met with Russians
Agreed!!!  Now lets put a special counsel on #fanniegate , the Obama theft of @fanniemae and @FreddieMac !!!!   @stevenmnuchin1
Your first act as POTUS was to invite your handler Kisliak to the Oval Office? You barred all Americans & MSM from the meeting. You leaked highly classified info to them, endangering the life of the informant. Then you gave proof of obstruction by bragging about firing Comey.
This investigation was a joke n a waste of taxpayers money! No doubt that Trump was innocent
Impeach
#HRC4PRISON

witch hunt
You’ve already confessed to obstruction of justice. Come completely clean and confess to conspiring with the Russians as well. You’ll feel better.
No matter how many times you tweet this, it won't ever make it true.
#TrumpTrain 
#TrumpsArmy 
#TrumpRally 
#Trump2020LandSlide 
#NobelPeacePrize 
#AmericaFirst 
#latinafortrump
#NoDACA 
#WeThePeople 
#OBAMAGATE
#QAnon 
#MAGA
No A$$#@£€, the rethuglikkkans said there was no collusion not the unbiased people who are investigating you and your family. BTW we all know you did.
Fake committee.
 The Cossack Dance has been renamed The Cohen Hop... 
#moneylaundering #TrumpCrimeFamily #LockHimUp #michaelcohen
Yep! A WHICH HUNT!

Which Russians did you conspire with?

Which Russians will turn you in?

Which of your Trump Towers contains the most Oligarchs?

Which Russians do you launder money for?

Which Tax Fraud/Campaign Laws have you violated?

Which PRISON will YOU be in?!
Seriously? The aforementioned ^ witch has been located.  The hunt has been called off. Actually he was really easy to find. His tweets and appearances on FOX state TV admitting his guilt has been a godsend. Kinda hard to hunt a witch when he's right out there digging his grave.
Not exactly, but you already know that.
Time for you to drag these traitors done to Club Gitmo and to start the military tribunals #MAGA #Qanon
You can protest all you want #Dotard, it doesn't change the fact that you are a traitor to the United States, and the count down is on until you are no longer able to wreck havoc.
Democrats are Evil Liars 
They're very hateful and bitter as well!!
Maybe it’s because they didn’t get a participation trophy
The House Intelligence committee 
The guys.  helping you collud released a report on just how bad they suck at covering up your collusion, , Plus the fact they all will be held accountable for obstruction of a on going criminal investigation , wow you all are just so bad at crimes , left a trail
You should be thanking #Mueller for helping you #DrainTheSwamp!  He got #Flynn #papadopoulos #Page #Manafort (under indictment), NY got #Cohen!  So many, I can't keep track of them all!

You mean you told Devin Nunes to say that there was no collusion. Umm. It doesn’t work that way.
Why is your attorney taking the fifth  - oh right must be guilty.

Such a waste of time, effort, money and Energy! Democrats are destroying themselves.
You know your doing a great job when so many Dems are complaining. They all take bribes & kickbacks to in rich their pockets. Asking for money for projects but never gets to the country or ppl.  Sending millions of $$ to aid , never got there where is it?
It’s just math.

Trump’s GUILT is in direct proportion to his attacks on his accuser.

Trump University is indicted for FRAUD in 2013. @AGSchneiderman led the investigation. 

93 Attacks on A.G. Schneiderman 

Nearly 100% GUILTY (7 d.f.)

FINED: $25,000,000

It’s just math.
Then how did #Wikileaks get the #PodestaEmails from the #DNCServer?

Hmmmmmm. #QAnon #SaturdayMorning

#QAnon
If you ever find a real lawyer you should have them explain it to you! #TrumpColluded
All this back and forth. Nastiness to each other, who's right, who's wrong. Collusion is NOT illegal. No charges could've been brought up on him for collusion.
How is collusion not a crime? Especially when it’s to over through our own government! If you think this “man” hasn’t colluded with Russia, Wikileaks, and Cohen your dumb and don’t watch anything but Fox News!
Look it up. Collusion, in itself, is not a crime. Has nothing to do with FOX news. They don't make the laws.
This maybe true however he has colluded with the Russians to break numerous laws! Campaign laws, Computer fraud and abuse laws, wire fraud and false statements to the government just to name 4!
Say you
Kangaroo committe.
Kangaroo committee.
NEWS FLASH DONNIE it was the REPUBLICANS that appointed the Special Counsel! Ok maybe no COLLUSION but there was definitely OBSTRUCTION!
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @zeitgeistbabe @amazinmikey @Mooncatadams @MtnMD #WomensHealth #FBI #Veterans #USMC #Navy #NoBallsDonnie#Irony

Desperate Donnie's
Endless Search for ANY
Scrap of Hope to Distract
from Mueller's Storm is Sad

ACTIONS of a Guilty & Tortured Soul
@RobotRussian what a big shame, I trusted in you hahahahaha
It’s my word against @realDonaldTrump ! I guess I have more credit! DEMONcrats have paid me well! 
Who’s he trying to convince ?
There was collusion ask Jr.
Is that why Private Flynn (now, lol) and Mannafort along with “Jr” are going to jail. My advise is go back to your shady Moscow friends that played you like a fiddle. I heard you were born there anyhow? Comrade Trump your time in office is short...enjoy.

Mueller's investigation & the grand jury have indicted or gotten guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies so far. Some Russian nationalists others were Trump campaign staff and top presidential advisers. All individuals obstructing justice will face time in jail.
New Evidence Trump Obstructed Justice in the House Intelligence Committee’s Minority Report
Republicans skated through the investigation and didn't even interview the main characters involved. I cannot wait until you are impeached.  you are such an embarrassment to this country.
We could have built 4 walls with all the money the Dem have embezzled, u ppl r lyres and so scared Trump is going to expose ur crimes!!  Time to take The Dems down they r killing innocent ppl to cover crimes. Expose schools shooting no dead kids at Sandy I heard, is it true?
Surround yourself with people to hold you accountable. This is a non story.
It's not the House Intelligence Committee's report - it's the report put out by the GOP members of that committee. The same people who have refused to issue subpoenas for evidence or to require witnesses to testify after Nunes checked in with you.
Donnie, if you are truly innocent, why do you spend every morning tweeting the endless "no collusion/witch hunt' lines?  Why waste time that you could spend golfing, diddling porn stars, or snorting rat poison?
Yes. And Bill Cosby's wife thinks he's innocent as well. The House Intelligence Committee is a laughingstock, with Devin Nunes disgracing his post & removing any credibility whatsoever from their bogus 'report.' Most of the Republicans on the committee are embarrassed by it.
Why do I grow all the more convinced with each repetition of the magic words: NO COLLUSION?
Best believe: Yes we Can!

Hmmm, what would Jefferson have done if he uncovered such a cabal? 

Rope would have been in short supply...!



Collusion is not a legal term. What we’re talking about is conspiracy with foreigners against US elections which is a crime. How many Russian meetings does it take?

No one pays you to tweet.
Yes, there is collusion, that's why you are so damn worried and always talking about it and want to fire Mueller cause you know it's just a matter of time before all comes out, that's why You plead the fifth and your lawyer also plead the fifth.
This just in, Trump caught licking ass crack.

#collusion.  Lots and lots of #collusion.
#MuellerIsComingForYou #TrumpRussia #TrumpTraitor #LiarinChief #TrumpCrimeFamily #ResignNow
Why has Mueller failed to talk to Wikileaks and Julian Assange??
Bubba’s gonna love you!!! That creamy orange complexion pairing perfectly with that orange jump suit!! Your YUGE characteristic of bitchness, your his dream come true!! KARMA you orange clown!!
#AdamSchiff Announces Democrats Have Evidence Of #TrumpRussia #Collusion ..  #RussianCollusion https://www.politicususa.com/2018/04/27/schiff-russia-collusion-evidence.html … via @politicususa
WAIT FOR IT!!!..... 
Someone’s nervous 
So... People under your payroll say there was no connection? Huh...
It looks like The Republicans are in on The Russian Collusion. They are not protecting us from Russian hacking.  They are not seeking what really happened with Trump's campaign. There's a chance that Trump might actually be a traitor and the repubs r protecting him.

You aren't going to be able to con your way out of treason.
Just another tanning bed tirade from the orange infant, in an attempt to cement disinformation into the foundation of his crumbling base of supporters. And if you’re still buying into all this, please seek professional help @ 1-800-BlueTyphoon.
So is it FINALLY over??? 
If you think we will ever believe that,  then you should believe that I am the toothferry!
People open your eyes and see Donald's actions.
1. The House Itel. Committee doesn’t make rulings. 
2. They didn’t say collusion didn’t happen, they said they found no evidence of it.
3. They found no evidence of it because the Republican Chairman of the committee prohibited anyone from investigating or looking for evidence.
It has NEVER been about Russian Collusion. It is an Insurance Policy put in place by the Deep State prior to the election to unseat a duly elected President. @ChuckGrassley @LindseyGrahamSC @DevinNunes @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @TuckerCarlson @KellyannePolls
The funniest thing ever... I sorta believe that you didn’t collude... I don’t think you are intelligent enough to do something that would have required thought.
I'd like for someone with credibility who is outside politics, the media and your inner circle to back up your claims with their own research.
Then shut the Special Council down.  only the Democrats and Hillary supporters would complain, and you can't please them anyway!

The witch hunt eh @GeorgeWBush__ lol eh @JebBush
#lyindonny
Just a reminder that 19 witches have been indicted and that there have been 5 witch guilty pleas.
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Did you ever read the fable The Emperors New Clothes?  It’s you. #trump
What about the trump family and collusion with the Russians! But I still believe the trump campaign and Russia colluded!!! Not to mention Traitors to America!!!
So much denials without being accused, smacks of fear and guilt! Something Americans need to look at closely!!!
Flynn, Stone, Cohen, OMG the list goes on forever.
You're right...there was no collusion.  I think conspiracy is more accurate term. hmmm...penalty for conspiracy is...?
There is no collusion .
No that’s not what they said.
House Intelligence Committee’s Final Report Finds No Trump-Russia Collusion
WORDS MATTER say @CNN believe they not #Intelligence AGENCIES! TRUETH COMES #FakeNews #hollywoodstars #evilapples ENEMEYS OF PEOPLE THIEVES
Mueller will not be as blind as the GOP, you should be truthful for once in your life
Let's make them give our tax money back!
You know what, you are right no collusion, just TREASON!
Okay "NO COLLUSION" how about Conspiracy to steal an election.
Amazingly delusional.... & supported by  @FoxNews
#MAGA Reminder: 
House has no intelligence...you knew that. Now Mueller, he's been at the grocery store a long time. Keeps his mouth shut. No telling what goodies he's bringing home. Fried Cohen in a box. A bag of  Stormy's and head of Flynn lettuce with a bag of Kushners and some Manifort soup.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, wait. The house intelligence committee is made up of how many dishonest republicans?

The Republicans put that report out, it was not bi partisan as it should of been. If you could read you would know that. Your legal problems keep mounting, and Mueller continues to investigate. It isn’t over yet, my dear Dotard.
You can cry no collusion all you want but nothing . . NOTHING . . is proven until the Special Counsel speaks.  Quit while you're ahead and RESIGN now.  #PresidentLoco
Isn’t that made up of the Republican party? Of course they were fine no collusion with Russia.
Well that settles it. He said it in all caps folks. So there must be no collusion I guess.
Suggestion: Tweet the words "NO COLLUSION" in all caps 1,000 more times. That will make the issue go away for sure.
Yes and in other breaking news Hostess said Twinkies are good for you
This guy is growing boobs already! No collusion no instructions everybody lies except him, he’s the most honest person and gonna take the 5th just like the other crooks that has pleaded guilty. But is everybody else fault never trump is his coffee boys or fixers fault.Disgusting.
Dragon Energy
Kick Mueller and his hate baked witches down the road.. Put on yoy big boy pants and be the President..
Boooooooooooo.
I wish you would just post meme's.
Traitor
There is already ample evidence of collusion publicly available:
Flynn - Kislyak
Papadopoulos - Mifsud
Sessions - Kislyak 
Manafort/Kushner/Trump jr - Veselnitskaya

July 27th 2016 Trump himself calls for release of stolen emails at press conference
It was in plain sight
In other news, Generalissimo Francisco Franco is still dead.

You are a tool.
No, it was a real fake hoax .... meaning .... the People's monies wasted, time stolen, crimes commited .... Serve justice.

Your broken record tweets are not only false, but also boring.
#bullshit
Let’s wait for Mueller’s report.
Translation: My mirror tells me I'm the fairest in the land. Beautiful head of hair and not the least bit overweight. Best mirror ever, many people are saying. Bigly.
The intelligence committee has absolutely no credibility.  That still doesn't mean the investigation is over by any means.
19 indictments......  19....
Your Presidency is the hoax
What was Cohen, your fixer who arranges to hush people, doing paying Russian hackers in Prague?
There should have never been a president Trump, but here we are.  Gong show!
You know whats funny? HRC sat through endless investigations, once questioned for 11hrs, and didnt do this crybaby shit. She is a stronger human being than youve ever dreamed of being, you child.
Yet the people investigating you are republican. Just saying
Untethered to Truth
Hey idiot. See the Apple? It’s not a banana. Your Intel Committee Just obstructed Justice. Before this is over, long after you have been indicted, long after Jr the treason weasel is under indictment, Nunes will be next.
Traitor go to sleep.
Thin, orange skinned, #fakepresident afraid to go to the Correspondent's Dinner
Which hunt????
Their report is irrelevant.
Tick Tock!
Now let’s throw *them* in *jail*! #DrainTheSwamp !
You are such a fool bwhahahah I just can't. Total guilt.
