Thou art a Loggerheaded, Spur-galled Vassal.
Disgusting man
Yawn
Shut up
You haven't said $hit about the HERO who saved multiple lives at the Waffle House. He had no gun, just heart. Why so quiet? You have something to say about all things divisive but not this man worthy of praise. Is it 'cause he's a black man?  @Bakari_Sellers
You are one angry man. I seriously question why you even want to remain President.
"Mike Pompeo had an amazing diplomacy trip with North Korea and Democrats call him unfit to be secretary of state--- 
Hillary lost 6 billion, deleted 33k emails, and blames Benghazi on a YouTube video as secretary of state and Democrats don't bat an eye" -@Pink_About_It
“None of this is true” - Facts
Uh. @GregShugar, it is true...
Lol citing a YouTube clip as evidence
Many of the protesters were there because of the video.  They found out later that there was an unrelated attack that used the protest as cover.  Its super sad, but nothing suspicious.
Again, there were no protests that took place in Libya. Non at all. Libya did not participate in any protests. The violence that occurred was a premeditated attack.
My point is that is was a reasonable assessment at the time and was later corrected.  I don't understand the 'gotcha' mentality.  Clinton was speaking based off of the briefing she got.  She wasn't on the ground in Libya.
Executive time is starting late today
Wow Trampy! You are as dumb as dirt. #TrumpCorruption #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpLies #AllTrumpsToJail #Impeach45 #TrumpMustGoNow
Morning poop head! Bring on the tweet storm!
Since President Trump Was Elected: 

US Embassy moved to Israel’s Capital, Jerusalem 
North Korea agrees to denuclearize 
US Border Militarized 
Syrian refugee in-flows down by 99%
Illegal Border Crossing down by 80%+
America SAFE again

#KeepAmericaGreat
There's a lot that remains unknown about the North Korea summit, but one thing is for sure: Trump won't come home with a crappy "Obama" deal
Wait, didn't you say they denuclearized above?
Make better appointments and they will be approved...

If you choose them, in all likelihood they're crooks and bums

So..appearance is a sanity barometer? #YOUaretheproblem
In this case, Yes.

Hahahaa omg, the entire world is against this man, and you're telling me HE is the con man?! Hahahaaa
Hmmmm if the ENTIRE WORLD is against a man then maybe the fault lies with the man and not the billions of other people who are against him. Hmmmmmm.
And, it appears that yes, you forgot your meds this morning....

LOUD NOISES
Anyone who votes against Mike Pompeo is a traitor to America. We need a Secretary of State when we're about to sit down with North Korea. Insanity. This is now becoming dangerous.
The obstructionists think they're only doing damage to Trump, but they're not. This is damage that can result in America seeing a massive missile being sent over by our adversaries. They see we are in chaos and love it. The chaos comes from our Democrat obstructionists.
I don't even care if you like Pompeo or not, he's not my number one choice but for the love of God we can't go without a Secretary of State when we're about to pull out of the Iran Deal and negotiate with the world's most notorious dictator. INSANITY!
Don't you wish your stable genius had thought of that first? Any genius could have seen this coming. Even you.
Remember Merrick Garland?
Loser
We need a damn majority leader in the Senate with guts.
The democrats are corrupt and want to control the country like a dictatorship.  You agree with them or the consequences will be brutal
You don’t want Republicans you just want people to listen to you and do everything you want them to do like they’re puppets
Hahahahahaha loser
I imagine it is quite funny for you Mr. President  to read all of these low IQ responses to your tweets. They just can't seem to grasp the concept known as facts. Its astonishing
No, we definitely need fewer republicans.

It’s so funny how much trump haters hate memes.  I get to block more hate spewing folks every time I post a reply to him.  They keep creating new accounts with 6 followers and they don’t even bother following anyone.
How can you support a liar?
Did you support Hillary?
Nope
Hard to believe you’re president.
"Fifteen months into his term, Trump has sent fewer nominees to the Senate than his predecessors, and his musical-chairs management style has created openings even as he fills others."
Donald’s busy rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic
and when it goes down I'll be holding the "I told you so" sign
Its hard to believe that you and the people you've nominated were all fine upstanding citizens until you became President!  The only thing that changed is that a Clinton finally lost!!
Maybe you need to nominate someone (anyone) with integrity?
Time to go before Congress and express the importance of confirmation.
Myths and Facts about vaginal dryness 
Merrick Garland.

Want to amend this tweet?
Thank God!!! If you picked them....well we all know how that ends.
We need more #MAGA republicans not rhinos like Romney!
Tips to reach climax :- 
1. As soon as she’s highly aroused,she have to contract her stomach muscles. As this will help her to reach a climax.
2. ...
Read full tips here 
This is a joke, right?? Your party did NOTHING but obstruct during the Pbsna Administration. Truly, you’re a joke
Sir, we will wipe the Dems out in November
@DrPhilRoe REPUBLICAN from Tennessee sponsored legislation to start charging troops for their GI Bill benefits.

The legislation died because Dems said WTF

Trump did NOT once voice opposition to this REPUBLICAN legislation to charge troops
I thought you were the one who could make any deal work anytime and with anyone.

I thought you were the guy who said "I alone can fix it."

I thought you were the genius who could outsmart any opposition.

Turns out you're just a big whiner, just like your #MAGA sycophants.
McConnell and the GOP obstructed a vote to fill Justice Scalia’s seat by never brining Judge Garland’s name to the floor; Democrats may simply choose to vote against your Sec State nominee. Totally different.

(And a still capitalizing like a 2nd grader. Sad.)

#TheResistance
You already have a majority in both houses! Try nominating qualified people instead of just people you happen to like. Your pilot for head of FAA? Your doc for head of CDC or NIH? Nominate people w/ some experience, not just nice guys.
Remember bringing all Bill Clintons mistresses to his wife's debate? That's got to be the lowest I've ever seen a candidate stoop for votes, but I suppose what comes around goes around #Trumpride



CAN SOMEONE SEND THIS FUCKING SELF-ANOINTED DRIFTER INTO THE CORNFIELD?

PLEASE! https://twitter.com/thinkprogress/status/988409700726304768 …
Not true your own party refused to confirm last Supreme Court nominee.  But you most likely didn’t know that.... or you are trying to rewrite history by lying to America AGAIN.
Obstructionists? You mean as in obstructing justice? As in Paul Ryan Devon Nunez and Mitch McConnell are all obstructing justice in the #TrumpsRussia investigation! That’s what you mean by obstruction you are correct. Otherwise F_ck off D_ck Wad! #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
.#After 15 months of lying/whining/blaming/defaming this Criminal’s only #win -establishing that men are such weak creatures. Its so #sad that science hasn’t found another way for humans to propagate our species. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #TrumpArmy #Resist #VoteBlueNoMatterWho #BlueWave
 They're suffering Trump Derangrment Syndrome

DNC Chair Tom Perez Snap out of it 
Nice
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @GOP @ABC @NBCNews @nytimes @washingtonpost @FoxNews Trump-Doesn't the GOP control the House and the Senate? You do know that right? 
#mitch we much has OVERSTAYED THE PATIENCE OF THE CONSTITUTION < neither house nor senate speaks About INDIVIDUAL FREEDOM & LESS GOV - NOR
GET NEAR DEBT & SPENDING
@NahBabyNah @OverTheMoonbat @CRTV @FoxNewsOpinion @dbongino @IngrahamAngle @TwitchyTeam @mjgranger1
Dude...you're out of republicans...
History didn't start with you. How about that supreme court seat hearing? Oh, there wasn't one?
Remind Booker he voted no on  Grenell, tell him he's a hypocrite.  Ask him why he hates gay people?
Need some adults in both houses!
Hard to believe i haven't already been impeached and sent to a state penn. The Dems will not approve hundreds of my incompetent people, including my picks russia. I am maxing out the national debt, never happened before. Need more Democrats!
#ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW
Why is it "Us vs Dems". You are supposedly leader of the entire country.  Not just your butt sniffers.
Good morning. Mike Pompeo will make a great Secretary of State!
I don't think we are ever going to find out
MR. PRES! Don't you know that if you even picked God to a cabinet Position, The Dem's would object & find fault in him.  THEY hate you & have forgotten why they are in Con & Sen.  They have put Amer people aside just to get to you.  MAJORITY of Amer people stand with you sir!
Wrong koolaid gulper.
Some will never get over a non-politician winning an election.  They better get over it & work with Pres as US is in dangerous times with Russia/China pushing hard against us.
No. Because he’s a treasonous pos that’s why.
If you hate him that much, why don't you pack up and leave to another country?  I would respect you more if you did.
Why don’t you move to Russia with Drumpf. How easily you are fooled. Fallen for his con.
Definition of obstruction is not even voting on a Supreme Court nominee from a sitting president. Here, the dems and rand Paul voted against Pompeo as is their right to do so. Is disagreeing the new definition of obstruction?
Let’s go back to the no vote on President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee...you are extremely selective
We NEED to remember this behavior and use the very same tactics when the Dems try to place people in office.  Republicans can not sit on their hands.
They are sitting on their hands, letting tRump break laws every day. Vote democrats!!
Tell us again about draining the swamp! Trump's Budget Director Admits He Spoke Only To Lobbyists Who Paid Him
They should start around the clock hearings to complete the work they needed to have done in 4 months.
Republicans also seem to have issues with him as well.
You never knew what “obstructionist” meant until you found out that @HouseGOP, especially bigoted @SenateMajLdr, deliberately obstructed our President Obama every possible way for 8 years, but then, you’ve hijacked most Democrat terminology to sell to your base, like “fake news”.
Democrats are a cancer for a free country get rid of them!  Keep up the  outstanding work President Trump.  "We the people" have you back!
you know, you really wine like a little bitch. FOAD already
Do you know what vetting is?   Your administration will make history- most corrupt!
Idiot

#MuellerIsComing

Why was he even sent to Korea he's not the Secretary of State and has no power to speak for America. Why don't you just call him a lawyer and put him on your team
Getting ready for the BLUE WAVE this November, Trump?? - there is light at the end of this very dark tunnel....
The DNC are the enemy
That’s McConnels fault he needs to keep them there til the job is done

Senate Republicans refused to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland.
Who are these "good people?"  Your revolving door never stops!  They are either jumping ship or being arrested lol
They think they can stall you until after tge mid terms. However, their obstruction will galvanize those who voted for you- against their oligarchy.
Never happened before? First of all you twit. Remember the Supreme Court nomination Obama sent up? Second of all you idiot you have failed to nominate for 100’s of positions . The senate can’t approve unless you nominate! Need more Democrats!! Especially in the White House!
Really !! ask Senator Tom Cotton , he held up a nominee till the nominee died under President Obama.
Bad wishes never enjoy any positive thing in life pull the string Mr. President Donald Trump J. God is with you, you're heaven send leader
We praise God to wash out the criminals to America in November with praise and worship that always works for our good, in Jesus Christ.
I like the fact that you capitalized the word obstructionists. You must find them important.
Well, um, you’re record for vetting people isn’t very strong now is it? And if that weren’t true, you wouldn’t have had to fire so many of your own people. Dems are just doing the job you’re too incompetent to do. Consider this a pep talk.
Who knew being President would be so hard? I mean, like your ex wife said - you need to know a lot of stuff about the world! 
Did you think about congratulating the young man who disarmed the terrorist at the Waffle House?
YOU are the "obstructionist". You yourself said that "republicans are stupid", remember? The fact that you are where you are is proof positive!
Drr duh duh drrrrrrr duh da drrrrrrr da duh pisssssssssssssssssssssss
With Dems, I can & do believe every stupid thing they do. They hate American Ideal. period. Yes I said it, they hate the American people for voting you in & they will “try to” destroy us. Spending bill should be proof. Wanting to raise taxes should be proof.
not going to get more REP. as as you are office. draining the swamp in reverse
To do everything right, we'll need Gad
Look at your track record. So far nothing but bozos. They should take a good hard look at anybody you support.
What’s even more unbelievable? That you continue to contaminate the White House.
This is Marx Bros cosmic level LoL
Why can’t it be togetherness instead of Democrats and Republicans? What ever happened to unity, togetherness, all for one and one for all .... that one being you. Why can’t both sides work in harmony with you @realDonaldTrump ??
anything you like they hate
We need you to resign.
Remember that time Republicans refused to approve Obama's pick for Supreme Court Justice?  Because I do.

@LilTunechi @adamlevine                                                   https://soundcloud.com/sonny-garza-731621425/yo-i-wrecked-the-last-verse …
Mueller's Republican.  Perhaps he'd enjoy an Ambassadorship to Germany
Clowns to the left of me, jokers to my right and I'm stuck in the middle with Q!
You need a higher IQ. And some human decency.
What good people?  Your cabinet is a shop of horrors!
Can you do an executive order?
Try not recruiting from the Mickey Mouse School of Liars, Crooks, Thieves and Warmongers

Merci
Obstructionists? You truly are a delusional man besides, we learned all the bad things from you and Republicans.  You're a funny guy!
That is sir a mistake. 
What is needed is honesty .
I for one am not comfortable 
With  LIERS or cowards and unfortunately  this is all we have in the Republicans we have.
They're lawless obstructionist and rebellion lovers, poor representatives of the word Democracy.
You just don't like it when anyone stands up to you.  I guess as  president you are finding out your bullying doesn't work as well.
Yes we do
#BlueWave
They aren’t obstructionist. They are against corruption. We the people knew now what would be coming into the White House they would have voted differently
What we need is a real leader, not a dicktator wannabe!
And you don't think it has anything to do with you and how you treat Chuck and Nancy and backtrack from what you agree to. Remember what you said about raising age to 21 for buying a gun and then sold out to NRA. Have you said anything abt Tennessee shooting?
He's almost as criminal as you
You weren't paying any attention at all to the obstruction that McConnell & Ryan perpetrated during the Obama presidency, were you? There's a reason you got a SCOTUS pick right away and have been able to stack the courts with right-wing extremists. #IgnorantOrLying #WhinerInChief
President
Can’t wait until you are gone!
The Reps. wouldn't even hold a hearing for Garland's nomination for Supreme Court.  Please stop whining about everything.
Bleep bloop blip bleep
Probably cause you're not picking the best people. You picked a Secretary of Education who can't spell education. Your picks are so horrible you should be embarrassed.
NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!! NUKE 'EM!!!
.....Republicans control the House and Senate.
Just stick the unconfirmed people in the office let them do their job and then when they get confirmed they can become official that way the Democrats have not obstructed you at all
hard to believe the feds haven't clapped you in irons and thrown you behind bars yet, but here we are.
You had Republicans they are all leaving because of you. Anyone you pick is covered in filth - that has been proven. Criminals each and every one of them #LockTrumpUp #FireTrump #RESIGN
Merrick Garland
“May” should not be capitalized.
https://youtu.be/RGifE6Olo0g  here’s why... hope you can listen to this. It’s all about you Mr trump, and the globalist witch hunt. Please don’t meet with Muller. It’s a trap. MAGA stay strong, don’t fall for all the traps!

Looks like donating to the Democrat Party alllll those years and the contributions made to the Clinton campaigns in the 90s and 00s didn't pay off all that well for you buddy. #BusinessDosAndDonts
Good, it’s about time I’m finally getting my moneys worth out of this horrifically spray tanned, racist Administration and it’s government. Reject Pompeo, seeing how you did nothing to keep out Bolton. Because Trump + Bolton + Pompeo = WAR!
Lol
the LAST thing we need is more Republicans... #breedingconcept
E15 tryt yyyty year6 eyt\tw ri
We learned from the last 8 years of Republican obstructionism. You're a jerk.
Yep, we need more little @POTUS minions like you to do basically nothing to improve the lives of those that obviously don't want to admit they got conned.  How's Jared doing these days? The stench of flailing desperation is pungent.
Start nominating qualified people and they will be approved. All you've done is unload the clown car
Hey, Orange bafoon, it HAS happened before.  Republicans held up hundreds of people, including a SCOTUS judge when Obama was a president.  And those were better people than whoever you nominate.
#TrumpYoureDrunk
Hypocrite.  Seriously you all wrote the book on obstructionist
@EdKrassen Lets not forget your buddy Mitch refusing to even hold hearings for Obama nominee for SCOTUS
That was treasonous
We need a President. A real President.
Your VA choice lacks experience to do the job sounds just like you.
Never happened before? Really? Ask Orrin Hatch about that. And if it never happened before, why isn’t Merrick Garland on the bench? Think before you tweet!
Oh it happened under Obama you do remember ?? Right??  No of course not.
You need a real leader in the Senate.    Harry Reid never let Obama suffer such embarrassment.  @SenateMajLdr is the biggest LOSER who will never be on the Trump Train.
Maybe you should have someone proofread your tweets so you won't keep having these embarrassing misuses of capitalization in them. Also, try nominating qualified, decent people (if you can find any that'll lower themselves to work for you).
#godfirst
What’s hard to believe is the amount of tweets you send in a day. What we need is not more Republicans but more governing. We need less tweets from you. Are you a shareholder in Twitter? Is that the reason for so many?
We need to demand approvals be made do our country can move forward!!
Can you go around them? Can you fire those who are obstructing? Can you go ahead with TERM LIMITS? Cut their salaries? Cut their benefits period?

Corrupt politicians must face prison like in Indonesia: 
"Corrupt Indonesia politician gets 15 years prison"
If the left thinks everyone is equal, in all thing, including men and women, is it possible Obama and Hillary Clinton could share a cell? 
The #BlueWaveIsComing and you will be IMPEACHED you crazy criminal!
209?
Two words. Merrick Garland. You crow about appointing Gorsuch but that was a stolen seat.
@realDonaldTrump obviously forgot what happened when Obama was President and the Republicans obstructed everything he attempted to do including when McConnell blocked an investigation of the Russians interfering in our Presidential elections. It's funny how things change
Time to find loop holes
So far in Germany nobody missed an US ambassador. Better an empty seat than some of your Nazi supporters.
Need more vocal democrats
FAKE!! I think they would be laughing, not just smiling!! 
#tinyhands
No,  we need you to resign.
I will never again support “working together” or “compromise” with these people. They’ve destroyed that possibility, obliterated all trust. They lie, cheat, steal & manipulate. Like everyone’s worst EX, Democrats can’t be trusted.
Sadly for our country your right I feel!
Why did you capitalize "may"?
R U kidding ?? GOP made it very difficult for Obama to do his job, but regardless of their efforts, President Obama, a man of intelligence, heart, and Pure Class was able to take care of our wonderful country and its people. Unlike your ridiculous Ass.
Stop your whining. It’s not very presidential.
Since they really hate USA winning. because they are supported by Losers!
I would gladly serve you Mr President.  With honor!
Just curious.  What is the current body count of those you chose?
We need more TRUE President Trump supporters #MAGA
“Need more Republicans” = Can’t handle underlings opposing you.
You sure pulled out real quick with the #CandyMan. Way to snake out of it with a “I’ll let him decide” approach. #deflectAllDayEveryday

Trump says the dossier is false because he didn't stay overnight in Moscow. But Thomas Roberts, host of that year’s Miss Universe pageant, confirmed that Trump was in Moscow for one full night and at least part of another. https://www.thedailybeast.com/miss-universe-2013-host-thomas-roberts-confirms-trump-stayed-overnight-in-moscow/ …

