Admiral Ronny Jackson should now be confirmed as the next Secretary of Health and Human services; then sue the crap out of Democrats for libel!
That Montana Senator now has a only a few more months in office.  Vote him out!
Meanwhile Trump is doing big things.
Here’s the liberal judge (obama’s BFF) from Hawaii...
Wow congratulations you created fake news on http://breakyourownnews.com  you are super special
Trump supporters know this is satire. Resisters like you not so much, as proven in your reply.  Nice job! 
The "This is satire" excuse.  How adorable.
Your Hatred for American and it’s President is adorable.
Colossians 3:16
Let the #word of #Christ #dwell in you richly in all #wisdom, #teaching and admonishing one another in #psalms and #hymns and #spiritual #songs, singing with #grace in your #hearts to the #Lord.
#GOD protect our #Nation  #JesusLoves #OneNationUnderGOD
AMEN!!!
Someone send this guy a straitjacket.
here ya go, you'll wear it well, hehe
Wow, hon, you guys have been desperate since the cohen raid, but trying a deflect this unrelated? 
Did you hurt yourself? Do you need somewater or something?
Psst, THESE guys vote red, and they actually murder people.
Dint the liberals make Hitler “Man of the Year” on Time magazine page in 1938. What a way to deflect, what you guys always did, steal, kill and destroy
Remember when the media was freaking out that Trump was going to start nuclear war with North Korea?

Turns out North and South Korea are now going to formally end the Korean war, thanks to Trump's diplomacy

Retweet if you agree that @realDonaldTrump deserves a Nobel peace prize
You don't get a Nobel for threatening 'Fire & Fury' and nuclear annihilation. Kinda doesn't work that way.
What exactly did Obama get his for?
Google it. You know - Gooooo gulllll.
So, Obama gets a Nobrl Peace Prize for fostering relations (aka arming and funding terrorism) with Muslim countries, but Trump deserves nothing for brokering peace and the nuclear disarmament of NK? Strange logic.
Well, *if* he'd brokered something, anything, maybe we'd have something to talk about. Wake me when that happens.
So when can we expect your resignation for falsely accusing President Obama of wiretapping you and of not being born in the United States?
Disbarred Obama did wiretap him and the AP, and the German Government, etc. Obama’s Uncle said he was born in Kenya and there are still plenty of questions regarding that document.  Also, can you tell me why no one at Columbia ever saw Obama and why does he have a CT SS#?
Obama was never disbarred. How do you expect me to take you seriously when you start off with an easily proven lie?
But Bill Clinton was.
Not disbarred. On his last day in office in 2001, Clinton agreed to a 5-year suspension of his Arkansas law license in order to head off any criminal charges for lying under oath about his relationship with ML. He has been eligible to seek reinstatement of his license since 2006.
But he wasn't talking about Clinton. He said that Obama was disbarred. That is an absolute lie and I challenge anyone to provide any type of Court records to show that. If he was disbarred, there will be a court case. So somebody show it to me.
Read up from my reply. John Thraxton changed subjects to Clinton being disbarred. I was pointing out that he was wrong, just as the statement about Obama was wrong (only the Obama claim was outrageously wrong, as he has no disciplinary history with the bar at all).
My apologies. I didn't know that he had brought up Clinton because I blocked them. I agree with everything you said.
Jon Tester needs to be punished severely in his re-election bid. A total hack! I don’t care if they vote in Oscar the Grouch if he’s the Republican candidate. Tester needs to GO!
There was no truth to what Tester accused this good man of. Jackson was an honorable veteran and doctor to many Presidents. Liberals had nothing but good things to say about him when he was Obama’s doc!
Anyone that Trump nominates the Left will try and destroy. It doesn’t matter how qualified, how good or how absolutely clean their record is. Total obstruction. The GOP did not mess with Obama’s nominees in this way whatsoever. They even let HILLARY be Sec of State - no spines!
Really? How about the Supreme Court nominee that the Republicans wouldn't even grant a hearing?
Never during an election year...move on, get over it...
That’s BS.  It’s been done before in an election year
McConnell envokedmthe Biden Rule moonrise want to live by it don’t start it in the first place.
He may have argued for it but he didn't do it.
You should resign. 
#Resist
Resign from what??
His presidency!
Hey look that Alexandria hates corporations but uses an iPhone your resistance is futile and is failing
My Resistance is stronger than you’ll ever be. We’re only growing...
Sorry, you are not growing. You will never have support of anymore than the same 20% of America. 
What is growing is Trump's approval rating. 
Democrats are losing support rapidly, because they keep getting caught in lies.
What approval rating? Hahaha
His public approval rating that is higher than the highest approval rating Obama ever had.

NOTHING in Dr. Jackson's background indicated that he had the experience or knowledge to run the VA. He should NEVER have been nominated. You SCREWED him by nominating him for a job he was totally unqualified to do.
Who does have the experience to run the VA?
Tell you what. You make a list of what you think the qualifications should be, then figure out who best meets them yourself.
An admiral in the USN that has been to a few combat zones would have my vote.
He wasn't an admiral when he was in Iraq serving as an emergency medical physician. He was like an MD in an ER. He went from Iraq to being White House physician in 2006 and has been there ever since. Makes him a decent doctor, but does not qualify him to run the VA.
What a joke. Trump should resign.
I'm sorry snowflake... did the mean old POTUS take away your food stamps and welfare checks??

Tester made no allegations. He reported allegations when asked. If you can’t get basic facts straight how can negotiate anything?
He reported Gossip without proper investigation before going to media outlets. That can destroy someone’s good name and career.  For his parties own gain to hurt this administration. So sick of this BS! He should resign!!
dont listen to haters Mr President. Keep your head high and Keep making america great again! Thank you! #MAGA
Well said mate! He’s doing a brilliant job
the best president ever. without a shadow of a doubt
Ever?  Your grasp of American history is pathetic.  Without a shadow of a doubt.
Feel so sorry for your doctor.
In honor of #TakeBackDay , you should allow everybody who voted for you, but now regrets it, to take back their vote.
I’m curious to know how many #MAGA people are put off by your Treason?
None dumbazz, approval is rising. Get in the game.
All part of the left destruction machine Democrat=Hate
Guess he should have remained in the running so he could have proved the allegations were wrong.  Sure appears as though there is something he doesn’t want to come out!
Tester is a disgrace! He owes Admiral Jackson and his family an apology and he needs to do it  as publicly as he did the FALSE allegations. Tester should step down and fade away
You should have resigned months ago with the crap that comes out of your mouth.
The swamp continues to ruin people
You are THE BEST LIAR! But you know lying works with your UNEDUCATED base
We love you! God bless you! Thank you for all of your hard work on our behalf!
What hard work are you talking about? The man lies, cheats, and manipulates others. There is nothing good in this man. I would LOVE for Trump to be a good POTUS. If he had proven capable I'd be his biggest supporter, but he's clearly a dangerous and deranged man.
What to you consider bad about him? Solving the nuclear war crisis in Korea or bringing back jobs? Do you have a 401k? Has it not gone up 25% in the last year?
Since when do you believe in fairness old man?
Stop trying to change the subject.  Your campaign coordinated with Russia.   You are going to JAIL
And you wonder why there an drug problem in the US when you have dealers in the White House
Buckle up...the inept rambling orange blubber man is awake.
You should resign!  Too many people coming forward for this not to be investigated.





#ExtremeVetting in action. Take #PruittMustGo before he throws the entire EPA staff under the swamp 
Go back to McDonald's they seem to be the only thing that keeps that mouth shut. SAD NICE WORK ETHIC LOSER.
you should resign
Agreed!   If dr Jackson was such a untrustworthy man, why was he allowed to be the WH physician for years, caring for you, obama, and Bush?
The accuser should resign
Let me put this in language yoy can understand. Everybody is talking about how corrupt your administration is. Slimy don is a disgrace to this country and should resign now.  How was that?
How about you resign for that $25mm settlement you paid for your Trump U scam?
The problems with your lies you moronic farce, is the charges came from military people and people in the WH who know jackson runs a drug store like its a candy store. Go play golf and stay out of the govt. Oh, and piss off
TY SENATOR TESTER, You’ve alway stood for the right things, This sham of a nomination was never going to stand up to the light of day,Also Trump underestimates the people of montana, They know trash when they see it, Being a former bozeman resident , You were great then and now
Oh good, the dickhead is defending his drug dealer.
Did u know DJT never took a sip of alcohol or smoked a cigarette in his life?  Can u say the same? Before u spout nonsense at least verify otherwise u look like a moron!
I mean really! They don’t care. They are just hateful.
Ok but a great president, Mr smooth no drama Obama was the worst president in my lifetime, but a nice guy.  I'll take the asshole, who else could get Kim Jun Un to do what he's doing now?
He had nothing to do with the whole NK/SK deal. Nothing at all.
Pay attention.
Why don't u go back to march 8 and watch south Korea statement at whitehouse after meeting was annouced.  U can't even give one ounce of credit even if it's good for our country! Pathetic!

So mature of you! Maybe you should get your phone taken away too! 
#growthefuckup

It didn’t offend me  but you are making fun of him, but you chose to spend your time talking shit to him! It’s just so funny
Get over it.  Karma is going to catch up with the lifelong criminal and conman.
You are so close minded hahahahahahahah
The Secret Service had a bit of a rough patch for awhile
this motherjoker spends more time on twitter defending his criminal/unqualified nominees, lawyers & family members than presiding over this country-


#MuellerPLEASEhurryffs

I refuse to normalize Trump. I have a disabled brother. His name is Daniel Navarro. The way Trump mocks and disdains disabled people, makes him a disgusting excuse for a human to me. As long as I live, I will never accept or normalize the way he treats and refers to the disabled. …


Aww, boo boo 


You MAGATS are so cute. By that I mean simple and stupid.
Well 1st, let's address the falsified medical report starting with 6"3" & 237lbs. Did Michael Cohen pay him to lie for you there? Would you be willing to step on the scale for us...or clear up everything & release your taxes? Asking for a friend.....the U.S. electorate
You're asking for liberal trolls lol
Is that like your birther lies?
Demtards would rather be bs’d by a smooth talking pos president instead of  an honest and authentic president that speaks from the heart and wants what’s best for us and is producing huge tangible results.
An honest and authentic president, producing yuge tangible results. President Macron has gone home and there isn’t one of those around right now.
We need to drain that senate swamp quick
Both sides of the isle. Go for the millionaires first
DO YOUR JOB! HELP PUERTO RICO!
You go there and help

Needs to be much larger because Trump has a very large butt!
BLOTUS got back
You accused @HillaryClinton of being a criminal after you thanked her for her service to the nation at your inaugural luncheon. You accused @POTUS44 of wiretapping her and being a "sick" guy. You should resign.
Washington D.C. Confirmed that Jackson was involved in two traffic incidences. Are you calling the DC police liars?
Says the birther. 

You have no shame and no morals.
What the hell does Jon Tester gain from lying about this? 
Stop acting like a child and call for an investigation so we can find out what happened. 
Next time vet the person before nominating them.
Investigation would get to the bottom of it.
The accusation Jackson doled out Percocet is serious enough they really should do some sort of independent investigation if he's going to remain in his current position.  I hope they clear it all up.
Exactly! It has to be independent in order to prevent partisanship.
Trump....Lying....Again!!
So, when will @realDonaldTrump resign over the birther thing, the crowd size lies, the racist policies, the Russian collusion, the corruptions, and the destruction of our democratic norms? We're all waiting.

#DumpTrump, #DumpGOP, #LIARinChief, #Unqualified, #CadetBoneSpurs, #SAD
The Democrats are using DACAs as a pawn in their political agenda. Their could care less about DACA. If the Democrats did care a deal would have been done. President Trump is more than willing to make a deal.
Hillary and the DNC paid Russia for a Dossier that Obama's FBI got a FISA warrant to spy on a Presidential candidate. Election tempering, Conspiring with a foreign government, and all the corruption that is in plain view.
A paid for Russia Dossier was used to get a warrant to spy on candidate Trump. This looks, smells and sounds corrupt, because it is.  How can a Russia made Dossier be used to get a FISA warrant? Insane!!!!!!!
The Russia Dossier is corrupt Russian collusion. Period!!!!! It doesn't take a rocket scientific to see this corruption.
America must make our own steel, this is a national security issue. During world war II America was pumping out more tanks, fighter planes and boats then the Germans and Japanese could shoot down. That is one reason why we won world war II, thanks to our steel industries.
It isn't hard for the government to find some flimsy excuse to regulate the farmers out of business. They have been at it for years! If democrats have their way, we will all be standing out in our driveway waiting for our bag of Obama beans!
Can you imagine swearing someone like this unbelievable must resign...also the guy who smeared #Comey and #session oh and #Rosenstein...oh and the guy who smears #mueller needs to go! What about the guy who claims #obama wiretapped his office and isn’t a citizen he should #resign
“Smearing”
Committee also claimed Jackson doled out such a large supply of a prescription opioid, staffers panicked because they thought the drugs were missing. They said their allegations were based on conversations w 23 of Jackson's current & former colleagues at White House Medical Unit.
It wasn’t the Democrats!! Jackson’s own coworkers raised the alarm!
Many people are saying you should resign.
Agreed. Tester should resign for making false statements. While we're at it, a certain highly ranked public official once claimed that President Obama wasn't born in the US. I don't remember who they are, but they should resign as well.
A Senator has every right to investigate information he received from sources.  That is part of legislative oversight o er the Executive Branch.  Perhaps a course in civics might educate you in how our government works!!!!
This from the person who said Obama was foreign and Ted Cruz's dad helped kill Kennedy.
For fuck sake, will someone hide his phone in a salad? PLEASE?
How about we hide it in a pile of shit?
When the illigit corrupt president refers to someone as nice, beautiful, honest, excellent, wonderful, and honorable, you can swear, it's the opposite. "Believe me".
No t, you should resign then we could start to MAGA
OMFG.  Allegations?  No they came from reports from service members, FFS.  You basically have qualms with a Senator doing his oversight. 

How about you hire someone other than frick and frack to vet these people before you set them up for a career-ending fall from grace????
This from the most notorious fraud of a President we have ever had in the White House.  Who is also seeking to privatize the Veterans Affairs so a profit can be made off the misery of those who have sacrificed for the USA.
If there wasn’t some truth to the allegations, Ronny Jackson would have stuck around to defend himself. Additionally, you nominated him knowing he wasn’t capable of handling the position. Stop nominating incompetent people & have the @WhiteHouse properly vet.
The accusations were meant to delay his appointment for 2 yrs so congress can investigate. Hurting VA isn’t just another casualty of their war experience
TESTER MUST RESIGN
Tell us again about Obama’s birth certificate.
Shoould you resign due to all the name calling & lies you've told to  hurt people?  Actually, that is just one of the reasons you should resign.
No, you should resign, .
He won’t resign he just keeps taking away things from the handicapped children and making people suffer

Really? Odd 23 people all lied? I see a pattern here every time you don’t like the outcome or don’t get your way everyone’s lying. RESIGN
So, if someone says that what you've claimed in the past is untrue, and so many of your #lies have already been exposed, could you set the example and resign, too? Lead from the front. You can do it. I'll wait.
If lying were a cause to resign, @realDonaldTrump would have resigned months ago, running away with his pants on fire.
You first. You do nothing  but lie.
Don’t step to Senator Jon. Man has more character in 7 fingers than you have in your whole body.
That sounds familiar...Birther Movement ring a bell? Why don’t you take your own advice? #DmitryJTrump #MAGA #RitchHunt #Birther
1-If the allegations were false then he shouldn’t have quit. He should’ve faced his accusers. 2-I do believe the person who tweeted this text made dozens of false accusations against past presidents, Obama direct & said McCain was not a hero. So what should that person now do?
......#GreatAwakening #QAnon
You didn't bother to vet Ronny. This is on you, Fake president.
http://PleaseResign.com 
We own the web site and will put SEN. TESTER's name on the site too.
http://PleaseResign.com 
If you lie in an attempt to ruin someone's life then the offender's life should be ruined!
I'm guessing you're not going to ask for any birth certificates right?
Is this why you're missing the white house correspondents dinner...again?  Bc you talk so much crap you can't face people?
Did Tester say Jackson was not born in the USA? If so he really should resign.
As a Montanan, YOU should resign. Not @SenatorTester.
Right after you resign for just being really bad at you’re job.
Look! I'm clueless on what checks & balances are & how that applies to me! Surprised? Don't be! Same w/slander, extra marital affairs, money laundering, honoring contracts, loyalty, tax returns & emoluments. YOU must follow the law, but I'm above it! Win! 
#MAGA #Resist #Impeach
To prove the allegations false submit him again to tell his truth. Stop jumping the gun to spread more lies.
Is this what you're squealing about? Seems very  RESPONSIBLE of Senator Tester, not that you'd recognize or understand that word!
My statement on Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson's decision to withdraw from consideration as Secretary of the @DeptVetAffairs: 
Jester is full of sh.
Move on troll. This was over on the 18th.
You're a dirtbag
I guess you should carefully vet your nominations to see what issues have been associated with them in the past.  The charges are not from Democrats, but there were brought to Sen. Tester, who is doing his job (as usual).  If you have real proof, let's see it all.
You do know that the allegations are coming from ppl who work for and with Dr. Jackson, right? These are not ppl from the Dem party, they are his ppl.
No, Donald, you are the one who needs to resign. The end is near. You are a total fraud and a liar. Your administration will go down in flames. Yet, you continue to fight. Such a sad, sad loser.
Either you are completely delusional or complicit to the #SeditiousConspiracy being uncovered, which is it?

It’s the Corruption America
America, Our Entire Government Is Corrupt

A Bank Too Big to Jail
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/17/business/a-bank-too-big-to-jail.html …
Have you ever stopped lying even for 10 minutes? #TrumpRussiaCollusion
They sure didn't have a problem with the doctor when he worked for 44
You are absolutely delusional - someone needs to up your psych meds. Take your own advice and resign... NOW.
So was he drunk or on Percocet when he misread your weight as 239 instead of the obviously-more-realistic 289. Or was it 389?
Squirrel bait!
Re-appoint the Dr. Admiral & put him up again 4 the same position! He should sue Tester 4 slander.What happened to repercussions 4 slander in this Country?There should be bigger consequences 4 Tester than job loss.He should go to jail, be fined & do Community service & apologize!
The problem with your fact free nonsense is Tester didn't slander anyone. He responded to allegations brought to him by others concerning Jackson. Sit down and stifle yourself Edith.
I'm not sure what all the hostility is about from the #LooneyLeft  They're all acting like @POTUS  sold the Russians our Uranium or Released,armed and funded terrorists..
So many fact check not for profit organizations find most statements you make to be untrue. Are these "fake" as well? Once, just one time could you site your source?

This is a lie by @realDonaldTrump. @jontester made no accusations. Dozens of Dr Jackson’s former colleagues did, though. Sen Tester, along w/ @JohnnyIsakson, were simply doing their jobs — working to ensure the person put in charge of our @DeptVetAffairs was qualified. …
Would seem the basis for a good libel lawsuit. Get Stormy's lawyer.
How’s that Obama birth certificate thing coming along?
What are you rambling about???and why??? You are a disgrace! A total loser with nowhere to go but down and out....
Hey Benito
Yes anyone that lies should resigne from office. Does this mean that you will be the first to go?? So many lies hurting so many people.
JERK!!
Allegations you made about Obama’s place of birth were proven false. We expect your resignation by Monday. PS you’re going to prison. #TrumpRussia
You are anti-American and you do not care about Veterans. This is clear.
Is he the one giving you the the little powder that makes you have the sniffles? That would explain a lot!
Literally ALL you do is LIE,CHEAT,watch t.v., golf,avoid work,USE YOUR ELECTED OFFICE TO INDULGE IN SELF DEALING,eat like a pig,abuse everyone around you& LIE SOME MORE!I almost forgot the point I wanted to make.Oh I remember now,you're full of shit &no1 believes you!Just stop!
The Democrats have not changed our respect for Dr. Jackson. They have proven themselves monsters capable of lowest of the low. They will pay for it.
Have you filed your 2017 taxes yet?
Allegations need proof. Repeating a rumor is despicable behavior and should lead to a recall.
Seriously? FIRST we need to get rid of every UNETHICAL person in your administration. Start w Kellyanne conway, you, ivanka, you, miller, you, Pruitt, you, Pruitt, you, Conway, sanders, you, Pruitt, Conway.  Then let’s talk
Everything you say is false, you should resign.
Please shut the hell up
Many people are saying that you are a traitor and will be fleeing to Russia within 6 months with the rest of your traitorous family
Take ur own advice and resign.
Devastating lives seems to be the new American pastime  So very sad for our country.
Flynn, Gates, Papadop, Van der Zwann;FLIPPED! Manafort: indicted.  13RU +3 entities:indicted. Pinedo plea.   Mayflower meeting. RNC platform change.  trump tower mtg w/RU lawyer - jr., Manafort. kush, ikkakka.   E Prince - Seychelles.  M Cohen- Prague. trump is traitor & mobster!
Where is your call for Sean Hannity to resign after his repeated and insistent lies about Seth Rich's murder, even after his bereaved family asked Hannity to stop? And why aren't you resigning given the thousands of shameless lies you've told the American people? #LyingLiar
You need to #resign

We are sick and tired of your LIES!

We will #impeach your grifting ass!

You should flee while you still can!

#TreasonousTrump 
#BlueWaveComing2018 
#JusticeWillBeServed
All of it hasn't been proven false YET. If your WH vetted no one would be in this mess. Our vets deserve the best. Not just someone you like. With all the hate, revenge, words & action from you, will come backfire on you one day. Karma is a b*tch
Wall Street Journal uncovered your health records and Jackson lied.  Your weight was 289 not 239 and your choloiestrol was over 240.  You are NOT in good health.  Waiting for your first stroke or heart attack.  Keep eating McDonalds.
These weren’t democratic charges dumbass...these were allegations brought to Congress by 23 different people. Sounds like the 12 women who e accused you of sexual misconduct...we should be looking more into your background.
Hey President Spankypeepee, you should resign.
You resign first! Then we will get to other folks. You lie on average 6 times a day!
Military Reports are true, u are not, u don't know how, & U can't be honest. U are taking $ from campaign donations to pay attorneys, and requesting more $. Wrong according ethics rules and laws. Oh, that's right. U don't have or believe in either one of those. Terrible, Terrible
Monday’s Track & Field Meet at home against Northampton is Senior Night. Come out and support our seniors.
So you want him to resign because of "lie". Well what are you still doing in office? Take youre own advice.

Tester is just another corrupt corrupt Evil vile LYING career democratic politician who will lie steal whatever to get their way #RemoveTester
He’s doing what congressmen/ women are supposed to- Checking your power. I know it would be easier for you if everyone just did what you wanted them to, but that’s not how this works, that’s not how ANY of this works. Your administration is crumbling, but this nation never will.
Allegations made by shitgibbon Trump against President Obama wiretapping him have been proven to be false. The FBI is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony allegations. Trump should resign. I mean, if that’s how it works. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
You went on for years with fake accusations about Obama. Maybe you should resign.
lol
Remember when you  falsely accused 5 innocent black teens of murder
Then took out a FULL PAGE AD calling for the death penalty
That was REALLY devastating to their lives so
NOTHING needs to happen to SenTester. 
Move on
YOUR NOT STEALING HIS SEAT
#JustLikeYou #NoDoubleStandard
So let me get this straight.  You want a politician to resign for lying which you do every day? Seriously? 
There are only liars in this room Emily!
Not following what you wrote.
Watch Road to Perdition. I stole it from that.
I don’t think that will happen. Maybe you could give me the Cliff Notes version. 
You think the families who lost loved ones in the waffle house shooting are devastated? 

Why is it you have never acknowledged their losses & pain? Nor have you mentioned hero #JamesShawJr , who risked his life to stop the shooter & save many others. @JoyAnnReid @ananavarro
Where is your PROOF by HONEST People? God know you can’t tell the truth
If being dishonest means he should resign, you should have resigned the day you took office.
There must be consequences for slander.
Maybe if you vetted your hires like you want to vet immigrants you would not have these embarrassing moments!
Why are you slandering the military personnel who made those charges?
If a person had to resign every time they lied about something you would have resigned about 2000 times already.
False accusations are terrible don’t you think @realDonaldTrump?  Sort of like the birther thing.
It appears dump threatened the secret service now too and has compromised them as well as everything he touches. Impeachment now
You accusations about Obama not being born in the USA were lies!! Charges that devastated a great family.  You should resign!!! @kathygriffin @Brasilmagic
YOU Trump are the GENIUS that nominated Dr. Jackson. REGARDLESS of his drinking issues, (you’re prob lying on the Secret Service) he was NOT qualified to run the VA. But that goes clear over your head.#Veterans #VA #TrumpRussia
No; YOU should resign!!!!!!

You should resign. #lockhimup
There were former colleagues, current & former staff who made the allegations on Jackson. Also, Trump suppose to vet before throwing his nomination behind him just because Orange ball liked how Jackson praised him on his medical check up. Get your facts straight, Trump hats!
Sooooooo.... you’re resigning due to all the lies you’ve told and continue to tell? Awesome!
Your never ending sweeping statements sound like "drunk uncle."  just on an on.
Delusional as usual, Dishonest, demented Donnie!  What have you been sniffling today?
Sexual predator says what?
How about you do us all a favor and resign?!
If making false allegations are grounds for resigning, when will you be tendering yours?
@SenatorTester should be removed from office for obstructive & destructive #lies #defamation ... no one should be able to defame someone & continue “serving” in #Senate - disgusting #PartisanPolitics
YOU CHOSE JACKSON FOR THE POSITION & NEVER HAD A BACKROUND CHECK (YOUR FAULT)FACTS BROUGHT ABOUT OF HIM DONE BY SOMEBODY WHO HAD CONCERNS !!
"TESTER SHOULD RESIGN" IS YOUR TIT 4 TAT & U DON'T HAVE BALLS TO ADMIT MISTAKE  YOU WON'T BE AROUND MUCH LONGER AFTER COHENS FILES EXPOSE U
Jackson must have paid Trump a bunch to get this strong support.  How much was it Trump?  Jackson?  Jackson is an incompetent drunk.  The only reason Trump supports his is because he bought the nomination.
Any complaint you have pales in comparison to your lie (among many, many others) that Obama was not born in th U.S. You are the one who should  resign.
You, Trump, calling for Senator Jon Tester to resign? You are the one who need to resign. Just take a look at your entire life's record. You should be heading to jail like Cosby.
You first
Democlowns only know lies and scandals to get their childish way.
"Tester should resign." You first. Then jump in a big lake and see if you float.
So lying is a reason to resign?  Who do we all know who lies all the time? Hmm....wait it'll come to me.
In your dreams Donnie
No response on republican Johnny Isakson who also reported allegations?
Ronnie Jackson, pill popper.
No...you should resign! But that damned Putin wants his money back so wacha gonna do?
Tester should step down now!!!
Much of what you say is a blatant lie, are you going to resign?
