that would be abuse of power and waste of government money
Mr you leaked. Too witter  by four amendment  
Look  you feel  in court
If you fire Mueller, it is the end for you Trump. Obstruction of justice!
and if you ever spell counsel right you should get your parade
*counsel
Get a life... This is not an essay paper.  I'm a teacher.  This is NOT formal writing...
You "get a life". "This is" a public statement (a lie, in this case) designed to satisfy the base. "I'm a" professor. Any public writing from a POTUS is "formal writing"...
Yeah, sure you are.  Your highly extensive overuse of quotation marks is sad.
Just quoting you...
Delusional
Yip  & he was very stupid to admit it on National News..... #DrainTheSwamp  #MAGA
That's what I've been saying all along. How can this special counsel still exist. It's based on nothing. It should be disbanded. This is looking more like a conspiracy. The Dems are shaking in their boots. Theyre pulling out all the stops
Things tend to die down when you don't have evidence. More and more people are getting involved and things are coming together. You really think they would just keep going if they had found nothing so far? Russia seems to have dirt on him....is that not obvious?
Mike Joy, u r delusional! Russia isn’t even the topic now!!  No collusion!  Wow! U people never QUIT.. all LIES!  Why should they quit - been given free reign to drain taxpayers’ money!! So now it seems they’re breaking the law! No POTUS CAN BE INDICTED! He’s done nothing wrong!
Lib/dems sucking it hard
Yes, it means your screwed because the doj has no laws, and to them nothing is illegal when it comes to covering up for the dumbocrats! Lawlessness to the left is the new normal. You were too dumb not to fire every Obama hold over.
You are fake news #sad
Honey it's Counsel not Council
It means you are trying to cover your butt and fire the Special Council....go ahead and see how quickly the tidal wave hits you.  YOU ARE NOT ABOVE THE LAW!  Karma sucks doesn’t it!!!
You must be a supporter have as much class as he does...none.  Your lack of vocabulary speaks volumes when faced with the truth.  Have a great day, thanks for your opinion.
For $250,000 per year and a date with Tiffany, I will proofread your tweets, and correct the spelling and grammar. For another $250,000 per year, I will remove all the lies.
I see, now you know more than the lawyers do. #DotardTrump
Learn to spell...or hire someone who knows how.
When there is someone in the office of President. That you voted for I hope you take it with grace. When that person is treated with disdain .

And she finally smiles!
It took the ex pres to put a smile on her face
I'm sure her husband pissed off. He'll definitely ask her what she's smiling about.
Good time for her to pack her bags and leave him, raise Barron in a safe, Donald-less world
Does she know he named her child after the fake,  lying persona he used to con magazines into putting his name in.
Does he really think Barron is HIS son? Lol
Baron is his.. he looks just like trump and his no chin having ostrich looking brother, Donald trump junior
This was the insurance policy!
When will you finally look in the mirror and admit "I'm full of shit" and "I don't know how to tell the truth" and "I have no idea how to run a country, or a business, without cheating and stealing". We don't want a pathological liar in office, we want a good American! #NotYou
Still not as bad as treason.
Your presidency was generated upon illegal acts genius
You guys love stating the obvious
It means you made it up.
Will you ever learn how to spell?
No you are lying again on twitter.
Kind of like @MELANIATRUMP citizenship?
Muellers witnesses ex drunk employee of yours , convicted child molester and Comey ! Lmao
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Mr President, my wife and I truly love you and believe in you. I’m catching a lot of hateful grief over my tattoo
#YouAreReallyStupid #Loser
I can't wait until @Comey sues you for slander and defamation.
I can't wait till you get off here and go somewhere outs not on this
Love your use of English TyTy! 
Stop using the word "leaked".  It reminds us of Russian hookers.

You firing Comey triggered the special *counsel*.  Go to bed old man.
There’s a special council now?
I'll tell you what I know @realDonaldTrump...you are a T.R.A.I.T.O.R. and you will die in prison.
#StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #Stupid
FALSE: More LIES from you. You're obsessed w/ @Comey like a schoolboy with a crush. You're acting GUILTY. Honest people do not live in fear like you do. His book really bothers you. Keep tweeting, you'll tweet yourself into a corner.
#ObstructionOfJustice
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpLies
Anyone else tempted to send Trumpy Comey’s book as a gift??
We should all send Trump a copy of the Comey book!  He should get a million copies sent to him.  It will 1) annoy him and 2) send the book sales through the stratosphere. A twofer!
Do it!
Let's get #SendComeybooktoTrump trending.
Let's do it!
#SendComeybooktoTrump
Must purchase via @amazon.
Send to:
President Trump
The White House.
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW.
Washington, DC 20500
RT!
Don’t send it as a gift in case the grifter via his flying monkeys tries to return it
Please make sure its the audio book... Cause we all know he can't read more then 6 pages...
President Trump..@POTUS  when all is said and done they will regret very much. But for them will be truly late.
Communism at its finest. Everything was a scam a lie and they need indictments from the DOJ.
Call for his arrest immediately!
He gets fired then leaks job related documents to his friend then says he didn't leak them his friend did. Talk about throwing your friend under the bus!!!
To all colluded and deluded NEVER TRUMPERS... stop bashing Trump, stop being so ungrateful and wake up to yourselves.Hes also saved your ass from getting nuked.  Theres lots of people who should be in jail at this very second so be quiet and let him clean the swamp.
Means you are screwed.
So nobody loves James Comey any more!!
Comey's 15 minutes of fame are over he will be forgotten like all momentary heroes of the left
Tu dalla ha maadar chod
You can't spell very well.
That a giant portion of your campaign and transition team working with Russian contacts is perfectly ok so long as Comey did something you find suspect?
#ManOfHonor
Counsel, Mr President 
It means you don’t know how to spell counsel.
No he didn't ! Stop lying ! They were Comey's personal, unclassified notes.
James Comey is a criminal...real Americans know this.
What does it mean?
If Dems take congress back, impeach Trump we get Pence. Pence pardons Trump then names him as VP. Pence then resigns as POTUS, and Trump appoints him as VP..... SUCK ON THAT LEMON LEFTIES
DUMB AND DUMBER
It means you are giving out alternatives facts again Trump.
Special council was created bc you fired James Comey.
Mr president,you must fire sessions and replace him with someone that will do the job and start going after these criminals,like clinton,lynch,comey,obama,lerner,rice,and end muellers nonsense,all he is out to do is ruin you,nothing more
As an expert on illegal acts you should know.
Bunch of Trump hating trolls.
It means you can't fired Muller.  Period.
Prosecution?
@jeanrelyea when you talk out your ass I can’t see your lips moving.......not that I want to
Mr. Trump. Nobody takes you seriously anymore. Go back to your golf game.
If a Comey or Mueller are accused of wrong doing, shouldn’t the investigation stop at least until they are sentenced or acquitted??
It means that your jumpsuit is about to match the color of your skin.
We could not be that lucky!!!!
Lie.  Lie, and another lie.  And, of course, no one ever knows what you mean....not even yourself!!
Yeah, he BROKE THE LAW!
*counsel. And YOU certainly don't know what it means. Clearly.
If Trump was actually rich, then you would think that he would hire someone to create spell check app for his Twitter.  It is embarrassing when the leader of your country writes words like "covfefe".
Council? Really? It's terrifying how stupid you really are.
Your grasp on reality is ludicrous.
"Donald Trump's reality" is an oxymoron.
Sounds alot like treason 
Trump knows more than anyone about Treason. He gives lessons to the GOP.
Again Hillary got how much for the uranium she sold Russia? Guess if you're a liberal it's okMAGA
U know what, w all these threats, u hold yourself to a standard of a man that u are NOT, & as far as the presidency, clearly you should never have run for this prestigious office. Greed & shaming is what u do best to others, & u show US & the world what really drives u  @Cnn
The first 2 phrases are not questions, and you are delusional.
If this is true, why don't you use your magical powers to arrest him? You are the CIC. hmmm, something doesn't make sense. Could you de confabulating these tweets? Take your geritol
COUNSEL. For the love of God, learn how to spell.
James should be arrested and the special council be put to bed period.
And the media that let that info out should be charged with criminal action also for showing classified documents.
You are a child
The Special COUNCIL? COUNCIL??? LOLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! Perhaps you need to appoint a Special Council on Spelling! Your typos seem particularly egregious in the wake of Barbara Bush's passing. She fought hard to imporve literacy. I see you and your tweets accomplishing the opposite.
What goes around comes around, I wouldn’t trust Comey if my life depended on it, he is selling a book on lies. Can’t stomach him
They were notes, of which you literally lost any say about the day you FIRED him. Or had someone fire him, then take credit for firing. Sooo... Just think of it as a wikileaks, you didn't like.

Nonsense, try enforcing that and see if anyone supports you.
Fraudulent investigation!
Seriously how in the hell can you still not know how to spell COUNSEL. Genius, my ass.
Your days are numbered as the most embarrassing racist president of all time.
Yes.. It means you are clueless about the DOJ processes and regulations and knows nothing about our Constitution  or Law Enforcement! You think you were elected to be a  “dictator” and that you would be above the law... Big, big mistake!!!

...That you're screwed?
It means the swamp did grow to epic proportions during the Obama years.
Yes!  It means you should #FireSeesions and #FireRosenstein.  There has always been a "thought" that Sessions was on the wrong side because he said he planned on recusal from the start, putting Rosenstien in charge.
Just shut up and go to Jail  all ready. Geez get the investigation over with! Confess!
Didn’t you illegally leak classified information to Russian diplomats in the Oval Office??
It would be great if once in a while the president knew wtf he was talking about
No Sir, this is not coherent, so we don’t know what this means.
@trump has no regret it heart for those immediate family or former president and spouses and for the public people in the United states.*NO REPECT TRUMP**
I don't know details but I'm glad the truth came out !   MAGA
We know that Hillary Clinton and a lot of them should have been in prison a long time ago and them stupid Democrats are trying to accuse you of doing the things that they forsure did.Why are they so bad off in the brain to events try such stupid stunts.
Someone needs child daycare.  Baby hands having tantrum again.
You don't listen when people tell you that a private citizen can't 'leak' anything.  Asshat
Nice
GBR
I'm sure everybody, except morons like you, know the difference between the words 'council' and 'counsel'
And, btw, the information you are referring to was deemed classified after Comey 'leaked' his memo(s)! You really are the dumbest:)
MAYBE when you learn to say “special counsel”, people MIGHT take you seriously!
I think it means there's an investigation into you and a few of the people you hold near and dear.
It should mean the Special Counsel is Illegitimate!
So why is it continuing?
DNC wants it to.
You must be one of his 4remaining supporters
It’s known u had sex w women without condoms... really, does everybody know what that means?
Special counsel is illegal and must be shutdown.  Who has that Duty?
Are you really that ignorant? I am a registered republican. This man is a crooked. He gets caught lying dozens of times Adam. It’s embarrassing
Scared?
What color shirts do inmates wear in Washington? Asking for a friend

Asking for help is always the best thing.
That’s not what got the Special Counsel, you going to blame Comey for the Articles of Impeachment that have been filed for failing to honor the Emoluments Clause too? Damn Comey, how dare he files those Articles in Congress, shameful!
Sounds like you're scared ...
That you are guilty as hell and looking for any excuse to shut down the investigation.
It means you write like a 5th grader.
Apparently Sessions doesn't.
U leaked classified info to Putin.What does that make U . ...A TRAITOR!
I love you trump

Sounds like you’re guilty or you wouldn’t be losing so wildly.
Your argument is flawed
Poor baby are you sad he’s getting more press than you?
Unfathomable.
Prison?
It means you have a small penis shaped like Alf's nose and a golden shower fetish.
We should change the name of Twitter to Donald Tweet Trump
Drain the swamp, Mr. President
Pete & Repeat, that's all your qualified for! You should ask O'Reilly to tutor you!  O'REILLY will also let you know that a most of all things you say are out in left field! I hope O'REILLY will do that for you! To be a contributor, why don't they say Pete & Repeat!
Omg. It’s COUNSEL. I’ve told you this like ten times.
This thread is so 2018 it hurts #MuellerTime #MuellerIsComing
That you don’t know how to spell Counsel? #fuckingMoron #RexWasRight
Hahahhahahahha! Keep it up donnie. your strategy of throwing a temper tantrum on twitter is working beautifully.
Manipulation of the details is still a lie trumpy
Somebody please take his phone away
How embarrassing allegedly attended "Ivy league schools" and lacked spelling, pronunciation etc.... MORON. @PressSec #EnglishClass101 #BarbaraBushFoundation #LegacyForSenior
The world is a few IQ points from having to read that tweet.
Dear Mr. Trump here was I think you are a TRAITOR. This is what you will be remembered for.
Talking of leakers you have just pardoned the best or say worst of all. Comey comes out as  a choir boy
Like almost considered treason !
Nope.  The special COUNSEL was established when you fired Comey and publicly stated that you'd done so to obstruct justice.
Translation: James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council. Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act. Really, everybody knows what that means.
Bullshit
Everybody knows exactly what it means...you’re out, either by resigning or handcuffs
Antifa is a Dem violent hate group.
Antifa is a violent terrorist group that all parties and the world must denounce. 
 https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1882017668729272/ …
The Democrats are trying to censor me by spamming me. This Democratic Antifa will do anything to spread they violent hate rhetoric.
It must really SUCK to be you. Honesty is so much easier.
It's not classified until someone authorized actually classifies it.
Means most of our gov are criminals!! #DrainTheSwamp into high security prisons!  We, the uninfected, not dumbed down, not brainwashed want JUSTICE!!!!

I put a guess on corruption...
It's counsel half-wit #idiotsandwich #moroninchief
Yes. It means indictment and 10 years in prison because he hurt us all Americans!
How about your continuous lying?  Is that illegal? It should be.
Kind of like the 2016 election hu?
