I think Comey is just a twisted child whos pants are too big for him.
So our lives can be totally destroyed while you golf and lie and make lots of money from a presidency (that should never have happened). Is this really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don't think so!
Its funny how obama played golf a lot more than Trump has abd obama was always on vacay in Hawaii on our money, yet u all never complained like u all keep doing with Trump. Maybe its because President Trump is doing what he said he would unlike obama.
The time he's spent at his own golf properties is unprecedented and obscene and also public record. If you don't know,
 1. Look it up
 2 Be embarrassed by your ignorance
I know the facts and because they're on his golf courses dont cost us a damn thing. U need to know what ur talking about b4 commenting...
The security is the expensive part, not the cost of a few rounds of golf.
Y didnt u remember that when obama was golfing or vacaying in Hawaii. Its always a double standard with u dems/libs...
It’s not a double standard: Obama didn’t golf nearly as much as Trump. Game over.

A double standard is claiming to be “Christian” while screwing the poor over with a #taxscam, bribing porn stars and excusing Nazis.
Owning a golf course doesn’t mean you are always golfing. Sheesh Libs are stupid
Lol.  Listen, Boy King....  you don’t control everyone. Get used to it.  When you’re living with Putin, he’ll be telling you when to speak.
 Do you people really believe that he’s in cahoots with Russia while putting major sanctions on them? If they had anything on him, I assure you he wouldn’t be provoking them. Use some common sense
Ummmmm. He DIDNT put “ Major sanctions” on them.  Keep up.
Umm.. Yes he did.. KEEP UP
No he didn’t! Congress did!
Congress attempted to lay major sanctions on Russia, but Humpty-Trumpty declined to do so.
Whatsmatter bubbie? Is Comey going to make more money from a book he actually wrote than you did from yours that were written by writers you hired?P.S. Use spellcheck. Find your spelling error in above tweet. I'm not going to tell you.
Flynn destroyed his own life.  You might want to reflect on that for a minute, Moscow Donnie.
I really don’t understand what he has done that makes people hate him so much. Collusion has not been proven, he may have issues with wives, he does pat himself on the back but all these things apply  to other presidents and congress. So why is he worse? He is doing what he said.
Are you serious?
Yep I sure am!
He is a liar.  No, I am not naive, all Presidents lie, but they stick to their lies.  Trump lies, then changes his lie and then blames someone else for his lie.  Then he lies again. Everyday he blatantly lies..so much so that he believes all of the lies that he remembers he told.
I keep hearing that but not much evidence. I listen to the news on several stations and still not much proof. Unnamed sources and things later proven to be true. I wish we all could work together to try to save our country for our g-kids. Most stuff has little to do with his job.
Are you one of those supporters who would still support him even if he stood in the middle of the street and shot some one as Trump has claimed?
No but he is our president and we need him to succeed. I don’t expect him to fix everything in such a short time but I think he has a good start. We need big changes or the America we grew up in and love will not exist.
He is stealing from us.  Mueller will show you.  He is a fake, a liar, a rapist, he hates women, he hates people of color. He is America’s Hitler.
Look in the mirror donnie & look @ ur life THERE IS UR ANSWER 2 UR QUESTION
Well, money laundering grifters with the intellect of a third grader (that means smarts) are not supposed to commit treason to become President, so there is that.....
*Shady (you’re welcome)
All charges against Michael Flynn should be dropped immediately. Dirty FBI and DOJ.
 he’s talking about the dotards #resist
Shady.
Sade.
How much did Cohen pay Shadey James? She sounds pretty.

Globalism is not healthy for America.never will be,.read American history and stop believing fake news
There is a lot of examples that need to be made of officials that broke our laws and abused our legal systems during the Obama era. I hope for the sake of progress of our nation that people like Michael Flynn, James Comey, Hilary Clinton, etc... will all get an REAL legal review.
Flynn pled guilty to lying abt talks w Russian Kislyak & misrepresenting his work w Turkish gov't. No one forced him to plead guilty. He did it of his own accord. He destroyed his own life. Comey is a private citizen who can write & sell a book. This is the way America works.
Fynn is a traitor! Comey is a republican that destroyed Hillarys presidency! Your just upset he is showing how insecure you are and your lies being exposed again! The #BlueWave is happening and dems will take control and save this country from You!! #CriminalInChief #ResignNow
@amvetsupport - any word on the criminal referral earlier this week? I was hoping to hear and official answer on whether they were moving forward with it.
No word yet
Yes, yes it is. Rule of Law not Rule by Trump. You cant be that clueless?
Flynn destroyed his own life.Personal responsibility,look into it.
Michael Flynn pled GUILTY!!!!!!!!! #lockhimup
#Deplorables not #maga
You're such an illiterate douche. It's, SHADY, not SHADEY. You're such an embarrassment. I cannot wait until you're dragged off in cuffs.
He betrayed his country colluding with an enemy for you!!!! James Comey called it out... Flynn is guilty AF just as you are!!! Traitors should be treaded accordingly. Back in the day they would’ve been drawn and quartered. don’t u call for back in the day w/ “America was great”
Hint: one of them did not betray his country to a foreign power for money.
Aren’t you late for your morning Tee time Donny?  Go get golfing, you bloated whale.
Don’t worry you’ll be joining Flynn in Jail.
Knowing him he’ll get fukn house arrest.
A total scam has been going on lead by Comey. He is complete scum - a really sick and depraved mind. Praying that this  2 tiered system - one set of laws for the Democrats & another set for everyone else is eliminated. The DOJ, politicized by Lynch, Holder & Obama is corrupt.
Thanks for the recap from Hannity.
Don’t watch Hannity but good to know. Don’t watch any mainstream media.
The book is really good. Am on chapter 7 and he’s not even got to you yet
Comey is a good writer, he writes his own book unlike trump!
Lock him up. Lock him up. Flynn just loves good karma.
Shady Donald Trump can leak and lie and makes tons of money off his fake presidency. That’s not the way America is supposed to work. Our president isn’t supposed to be a mobbed up Russian asset, but here we are. Trump and his family of grifters belong in prison. #Muellertime


Truculent Trump: The "third rate book" that's already an Amazon best seller?
Best seller has nothing to do with the quality of the book. I know this may be too deep for you but ‘third rate’ is in reference to the quality of the book. Best seller references the quantity of books sold. If you’re going to make a point, make it a valid point.
STOP THE CHARADE! ARREST COMEY AND CLEAR FLYNN!

OMG, this is so sad, I almost pity you!  Almost.
Ordered my copy of @Comey’s book today! 
Michael Flynn has acknowledged guilt of a crime.  What is wrong with you?
Never start a sentence with ‘so’
Welcome to Twitter and the Internet. Where people that criticize grammar have long been proven to be those that have no actual input of their own.

That's how treason works. Trump and Flynn are traitors.
‘Shadey James Comey.’  Is that the best you can come up with? 

How about this: 

‘Trump told Comey he never slept in Moscow. But he did’
Oh, and Russia sends its love. They are trying to make you look foolish. Are you good with that? 

‘Russia Says It Told U.S. Where In Syria It Was Allowed To Bomb’
‘top Republican fundraiser Elliott Broidy offered Russian gas giant Novatek a $26 million lobbying plan aimed at removing the company from a U.S. sanctions list, according to documents obtained’

RNC Finance Chair? Oh my.
Oh! And here is your daily reminder that no one is above the law. 

‘Greitens charged with felony computer tampering’  

Poster boy for the GOP? 
What does “shadey” mean?
Cmon roooosty. It’s American for shady. Just like the canucks spell favor, favour. 
Oh, got it. My bad Mikey. Sorry Don. You guys are good neighbours
@POTUS The Seal Team 6 member had to pay the government back the profits he made from his book.  Why isn't Comey held to the same standard.  Another example of our two tier justice system at work. Shouldn't @jeffsessions be looking at this to force Comey to forego the proceeds?
comey no longer works for the government . i guess you missed that part
The Seal Team 6 member wrote the book after he retired. Obama's Admin claimed Owens didn't clear the book with DOD and DEVGRU that he had to pay back $6 mil in profits
a seal team member is quite literally owned by the u.s. military . a director of the fbi, not so much
True. FBI serves at the pleasure of the President.
Life in America has been degraded with a third rate President like you.
Why are you so bothered?
He floats out shiny objects for 16 months now for you left-wing geniuses to be captured by while simultaneously fixing most of what the past few Presidents have jacked up. He’s not sweaty it. He’s simply playing you like a fiddle.
not only does Trump lie abd insult, he cant even spell correctly...lol
Lord, here we go again with another genius insulting President Trump’s spelling while misspelling the word and...this is just too easy sometimes.
There is a dark evil trying to take our country down. Trump is bringing world peace and ended the Korean war but these lost souls wanna talk about a porn star!?!? The left bitches are very lucky us Americans are civilized.
WOW ..... 
Sorry world  but our President can’t spell !!!! 
SAD !!

And still your President!  Sucks to be you!
You don't think at all.
#Resist #Debunked
Flynn is a criminal. He filed a guilty plea. He's also cooperating with Mueller. Flynn caused his own problems. Hopefully he will cause you more.
Nothing to do with Russian collusion
Trump, you are a crook.
Bah bah bah... Bah bah bah
BECAUSE THEY ARE TELLING THE TRUTH .
How do you know it's third rate?  You don't read!!  ASSHOLE!
James Comet shadey? That's rich, coming from YOU! #liarcheaterdraftdodger
Really Clinton dodged the draft too do you feel the same about him? And Kerry tried also , then when in Vietnam shot himself to get a purple heart so he could be sent home. Many people dodged The draft and went to Canada and at this point is NOT relevant.
Uh, yes... That’s exactly the way the world does work
Me either!! What BS!
Third Rate? why are you still being nice to him?
General Michael Flynn was planning to kidnap a man for a foreign power in his role as your national security advisor. 

You should probably be more angry about that than a book tour.
It’s a good thing this country doesn’t work the way you think it should.
#StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #StupidQuestion #Stupid
Arrest him do something about it.
America is supposed to “work” in a cohesive, inclusive manner. A concept you know nothing about. You’ve succeeded in dividing us, and have earned our contempt.
We’ll get use to it because you have another 6 yrs 8 months to go. That can’t feel good for you.

He’ll get rid of illegal immigrants. All of us started as immigrants.
Never should have been written? Who are you? The Book police?
Bookman the book cop is the only book police.  Little Don is upset because comey used big words
Fire useless,tired old do nothing Sessions. He is  part of The Establishment. Nominate Trey Gowdy for Atty General. Thank you for all you are doing for our country in spite of Sessions, McConnel and the Democrats.

Pardon Flynn
I ordered MANY copies of Comey’s Book.   He is an educated man who writes as well as he speaks.  Americans know he is a honorable man and thus will believe his version of events.  You can not compete.
Cannot compete! Please tell me you are not this gullible?!? One man is President of the United States and the other is currently unemployed. Pretty sure Your President Trump isn’t worried about any competition here.
You do realize you're pretty much the last guy that can use the word shady (at least you misspelled it right).
(at least you misspelled it right) or (at least you misspelled it, right)? How is a misspelling right? Curious.
James Comey’s “third rate book” leads the best sellers list & has already outsold your third rate books by a two to one margin in one case, & 50 to 1 in the case of your last publication, which sold 227,000 copies only. Pretty pathetic for a guy who claims to be mr popularity. 
And he didn't even write it. Trump paid someone to write it for him.
We spell "shady" without an "e."
rhymes with COMEY and can be spelled anyway he likes, it's in quotes!
Do you see quotation marks in Mr. Trump’s tweet?

Smart girl, Tammy. Attack from the side.
So if you are so smart then why can't be able to spell words.
Don’t you hate when you criticize someone’s spelling or grammar while making a grammatical error, or leaving out an entire word, simultaneously? Just not a good look for you. Keep trying pal.
Said orange Mr Potato Head
He destroyed his own life when he lied to the FBI.
He pleaded guilty.
Waiting for his criminal trial to see what else they can hang him for.
I'm embarrassed to have you as our president... I never thought we would have a president as dumb and despicable as you. Can't wait for the day those indictments come out....
If things were always as they should be you would not be in the WH.
Shame!
Seems you should have thought about potential fallout before shooting from the hip.
But I thought you like leaks. But perhaps that's only in Russian hotel rooms.
OMG! Lmfao!
No
If Flynn’s life is ruined by illegal activities, it’s his fault not the investigators fault.  Do you think we’re stupid.
You're claiming U wrote a BOOK and U didn't. U NEVER wrote a book! Someone else did! Flynn chose to plea GUILTY. His own fault. @Comey legally leaked his own information & the BOOK is Quite GOOD! U don't know how REAL American LIFE IS! YOU'VE BEEN A CON ALL YOUR LIFE! #resistance
Rosenstien & Muller
Flynn destroyed his own life. He’s a disgrace.
“With Liberty & Justice for All”, except for Hillary & Democrats

There. Fixed it!

Let’s change it back to the way the original intent. 

#SundayMorning #PledgeOfAllegiance #EarthDay #EarthDay2018
Did you read The Pledge of Allegiance. It clearly says "liberty and justice for all". If you don't know what that means go back to school and learn something this time.
Difference is, both Comey and Clinton did not lie to the FBI.
No, that would be you leaking and lying and selling 3rd rates books, educations and properties but hey it's the American Way!!!
This the second General Obama’s gang destroyed :
General Patraous who was with a person who was cleared to view “ classified “ but the location they were at was not cleared for classified material to be exposed .
Obama hated the military and he aimed to ruin top generals
Poor Petraeus was just a fall guy to deter Americans from the Benghazi murders. That was obama ‘s way & hrc, when they wanted to get things past Americans, they created havoc with the media with some BS story! This American won’t 4give them 4 murder!
You betcha!
That's what happens when you break the law and plead guilty for your crimes. Your life tends to be ruined, but he took that risk when he became a lawbreaker. Why do you hate the rule of law you took an oath to protect? Why are you more loyal to Russia than America? Why is that?
All the power and money in the world and the world is laughing at you. History will bury you. Go on, fire Mueller and hurry this show up so we can get to the end where you 'step down' to live a solitary life because you know anyone credible knows you're a joke
I believe YOU WOULD get along with Putin, and Kim Jong Un, or whatever the f*** is name is, You ALL Think Alike, and have similar ideas; SHOOTING PEOPLE, Jailing Opponents,Reporters, and forbidding Historians/Writers/Citizens to write books.
You sound like you’re 11 years old
Pretty sure that's exactly how America works now... I mean, you're the potus ffs. Speaks volumes about the success of criminals doesn't it?
"tRump The Most Illiterate President In US History" 
on YouTube
@cenkuygur @TheYoungTurks
Of course YOU don’t think so- you’re a con man with no integrity
Will you learn to spell correctly? My eleven year old just said, " he really is not an intelligent person". I agreed!
Hannity was right when this is finally over it will be revealed as the biggest abuse of power in the history of this country.  Wonder if any of them will actually wind up in jail.  ???
Bot
Michael Flynn is a liar & Traitor to his country. He should not be defended!
Shut up. You should be the last one making comments about anyone making money off anything deemed inappropriate. You and your entire family are profiting off your “presidency” which is illegal.
You mean Mike Flynn, the paid foreign agent who did not disclose that fact while being head of the NSA? And who concealed and then lied to the FBI and the Vice President about illegal talks with Russian officials about dismantling Russia-US foreign policy? THAT Michael Flynn?
he didn't lie to the vice president . #PenceKnew we can only hope that when #Mueller and state and federal prosecutors take down dd, they take pence and ryan with him

Why dont you bother yourself with something more important?  Like running the country.  You should thank Comey. He got you elected.  Ingrate.
Impeach Trump
.YES  AHole  >>>   IT IS ! ! ! ! !
Your first problem is YOU CAN'T THINK !

You #DumbAzz compare #Traitor Flynn to #Patriot Comey.

Go *F* yourself.   Or hire another whore.
Go have a #KarmaCoronary.

PS.  Learn to spell simple words.
Download now from @GooglePlay

@glennbeck's Common Sense:
The Case Against an Out-of-Control Government, Inspired by Thomas Paine
What are you talking about? Shadiness has allowed you to be super rich. This is your America!
Melania, please come back home, he’s just #BATSHITCRAZY today
He ruined his own life, plead guilty.  Fake news, lyin' trump at it again.
He should in prison with rhe Clinton's
Just refreshing my memory..Flynn pled guilty.
Don’t see Donald Trump has much room to speak on how life should work in America. He has not dealt with a father who spent 18 years in military, gets screwed over after VA Admitting a fuck up with a surgery removing “veins”. Now the VA only allow my father 1 bath a week! 110% VA!
Actually, I bet Flynn could write a book with sales that would eclipse Comey's.
Hey it's YOUR ship at the moment captain small hands
When is comey going to jail? Quit talking and lock the liar/leaker up!

If he leaked and lied, then you should just sue him, unless you're the one lying.
It is my hope that FBI leaders, members in the Department of Justice et al will be held to the highest level of accountability. Look at what lawlessness and crooked leaders have done to other Countries.
.@realDonaldTrump  It's "shady". You should learn how to spell if you are President of the US.  It's the least you can do. Hint: stop asking DeVos how to spell words. She's not so bright either.
The Orange One lost his binkie again
#MAGA
Well, what can I say. Shitty People can get anything if they got mad connections
You’re a hundred percent right Mr. President. God bless you and the United States of America!!
Yes Lord help us all
Are you kidding me?! YOU are in the white house, that should tell you everything you need to know about how life in America works!
Wait... you read it! I thought you don't read. Another lie???
Flynn, like you, is a traitor. Comey is a patriot.
No he can't write a book and tell your conversation for money it's against the law he needs to loose all money from the book.
You’re just mad that his book doesn’t have any pictures. #illiteratepresident
It's called ACCOUNTABILITY sir, He made his choices, like I made mine, just like you made yours...It seems no one ever show you were to find it, there's a like to help you out...
"Shadey"??  Go back to Harvard and and see if the can find someone who can teach you how to spell.  So much for knowing "all the best words".  Idiot.
And you say you are a good Christian...
Somebody needs to tell trump that
Flippin Flynn has already pled guilty
I would avoid using the word “leak”
You’re insane. Get help.
Your fault
You really need to learn something about due process.  Maybe retake a high school civics class?
After their legal troubles, James Comey will finally learn the meaning of loyalty when General Michael Flynn is pardoned by President Trump and he is not.
It’s tough to issue pardons from a jail cell.
Gee didn't you ruin his life by firing him and saying he lied to Pence and FBI?
Mike Flynn destroyed his own life. Shady does not have an 'e'. The 'L's' in leak and lie should not be capitalized. If @Comey's book is "third rate" what does that make yours??? At least @Comey wrote his himself. If any book should not have been written it's yours.
Get a a JOB..
Stopping books from being written is literally fascism #trump
The Art of the Deal should have never been written!
Evidence. It's called evidence. I know you're used to lying about everything and deciding guilt based on what serves you, but the difference is evidence of crimes in one case and none in the other. 
Amazing the Obama phones are still working.
Ok why don't all you Trump haters find something useful to do and maybe revert all the hate and anger to do something positive, instead of spreading the hate! Maybe if you want to change things ,work with the rest of us?
Wow! That’s rich! Maybe you should give that advice to your beloved Trump.
name calling is always So Presidential....
God bless our President!
GOD BLESS OUR COUNTRY!!!!
For every “l don’t think so “ of yours there are millions of “I think so” Americans out here in our country!
Michael Flynn is a criminal who destroyed his own life. #MAGA
If Flynn's life is totally destroyed that's on him. He pleaded guilty. Comey has nothing to do with that. It's not how the system works. Have your son barren explain it to you.
That’s basically your life D wad.
Which is why ALL MUST GO TO JAIL!!
#pardonmikeflynn
Funny stuff here . Too bad @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  doesn’t read your hate comments. Wasting your energy
You’re finally catching on, trump. That’s how America works.
bot bot grannie bot
Ha! I’ve been called lots of names, however bot is a new one.

Compliment or insult?
Apparently so.  That's what you do.
Everyone’s life is destroyed by your presidency
Must be the way America works. Lets look at Trump:
1. Leaks.  Check.  2. Lies. Check.  3. Writes books that should not be written.  Check.

blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
What it means....everyone associated with you is going down in flames
Cant wait to see you behind bars...all these tweets are fear as any physiologist knows...keep on givin them proof bud. Have a good day Don
Comey/Mueller -what adjectives come to mind? insecure,politicized/inept  n corrupt beyond compare, inept, sleazy,indescribably unprofessional, feminized, highly insecure; a disgrace to fbi n our once great republic;
Said the man who tried selling third-rate wine and steak, and operated a fraudulent "university". You can't really expect to be taken seriously when you have such a history of being a con man and a cheat.
