Obama never had to worry about his mobster lawyer flipping on him.

Obama never had to worry about a special counsel investigating him.

Obama never had to hire a team of lawyers who had to hire a team of lawyers.

Obama's admin never resulted in 19 indictments and counting.
Duh!!! He had the DOJ and the FBI in his pocket! No need for more lawyers! But what exactly did he accomplish in 8 long years???
ACA. Bin Ladin eaten by fish. saved US auto industry. huge huge turnaround in jobs. your ball, Trumptard...
And he truly made America great again in the eyes of the world with his intellect, grace, class, and strength after 8 years of shoddy Republican leadership.
BWAHAHAHA!
Rolling back everything President Obama did is not something I would call accomplished. 
You have isolated America.  Your toxic policies are harmful to everyone.
French President criticizes Trump agenda in speech to Congress
Spanky? Did you have to go a whole weekend without golf? Just imagine after the NY AG brings RICO charges against Cohen and you and you get convicted. The rest of your miserable life without golf, Big Macs, KFC, and Porn stars. You will get golden showers though. KARMA!
How much did you pay the cheerleaders or should I say did The taxpayers pay for your campaign rally and Nobel rant? 
Trump’s Nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize Was Apparently Forged. Twice.
Strange I followed this story right back to the source, the Nobel Peace Prize website and there is no report, no mention of Trump at all. No indication of an investigation for a false entry. None.
He tried twice and lost.
Here are the odds of Donald Trump winning the Nobel Peace Prize
Nobel prize is a liberal thang.   Denigrated to Crackerjack status.
Narrator: The audience gasped, realizing that Sean Spicer was running low on supplies. 

‘Tree planted at White House by Trump and Macron appears to have vanished’
Narrator: The audience, with furrowed brows, tries to comprehend Donald’s curious explanation of a Russian lawyer, now pretending to be a spy... 

‘Trump offers wild new explanation for why his son met with a Russian agent’
Narrator: A wave of shock, dismay and anger sweeps through the gathered crowd, as they realize they have been had. 

‘The Dangers of Undoing Dodd-Frank’
Narrator: The audience lets out a collective sigh of relief. Wild cheering breaks out. 

‘Dem senator: Legislation to protect Mueller would get 60 votes’
60 votes looks like Trump's support is fading
Nope, once again you are lying #notmypresident
Real America is behind you, keep it up @realDonaldTrump
Same poll in your head that tells you the hair is a good idea?
All that money that Trump supposedly claims he has but can’t afford a decent haircut or hair style. All. That. Money?
At least he still has a full head of hair at his age...
Lol this one statement explains why trump has any supporters that believe the words that come out of his mouth
Actions we love
Promise after promise he made he is keeping one after the other.
Ya just hate him.suck it up butter cup
Trump is president
Ya don't like it get a ticket
Move by
Mexico paying for the wall, Hillary in jail, gas prices down, peace in the middle East??? If you believed any of that I have a casino in Atlantic City to sell you #DontheCon
Lol well things are looking up 
N korea .
Tax deal
Pipelines open
Economy better
Hostages released
Embassy in Israel none of other pres kept promise on that and in may grand opening of new one lol.
Obummer  you can keep your doctor
Ins not gonna go up
Iran deal good one. Umm
Not
North Korea=2 insane narcissists with the fate of the world correlated to their bipolar episodes.
Tax scam bill=people too dumb to realize it doesn't screw them until after the midterms
Pipelines=another bate and switch..more fuel for the world market.. Check your Gas prices
On what planet?
Like children being too afraid to go to school due to gun violence...Flint STILL not having water...Syria’s Genocide...and lets not forget about the pure hate that is drowning our country - like from your Nazi friends who helped to find your campaign.
How’s that wall coming along?
You are an amazing President!  For the first time in 9 years I feel like America is strong again!!!
Wow, do you need help. Because of his crimes and lies he is hurting the foundations that built AMERICA, free speech and separation of powers. He has done hardly anything but play golf.
Don’t believe it!
Haha. um, no.
What is your obsession with polls?!?
Reality check for Democrats: you’re going to lose again in the mid-terms. Why? No new ideas, no new, passionate or focused leadership. No 24/7 propaganda machine.  No luck reversing gerrymandering and the voter suppression tactics of the Republicans. 

In short, we are weak.
Get over yourself!!!
FAKE NEWS. #LiarInChief
NOT.... FAKE NEWS!!!
Speaking of Polls 
Comey more believable than Trump: poll
Best. President. Ever. We love you!
You are an idiot. What poll? Why is it so important for you to do better than Obama? Because Obama set the bar for all presidents and you want to be better than the best. And Obama is the best. Why not try to be better than Bush, Carter, Clinton, Reagan? Because Obama set the bar

Especially with a “Republican” Congress, although the RINO leadership is no more Republican than Nancy Pelosi. RT @realDonaldTrump Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!
So we have a Lombardo family, and a Leahy family with other inter-cultural doctors, gangs, and undercovers, and patients as fire fighters/databases tied families recorded/demonstrated used for identity thefts/databases illusion stacking roles on/off campuses keeping all identity
Lol
Oh puhhhleeeeeze!!!
Why are you still talking about 2016 and prior? Is it because you really have no new ideas? Nothing fresh? All the same bullshit over and over. Obama lives rent free in your head.
You repealed a bunch of stuff that protected your citizens because, well, it eats into profit. Cut taxes for wealthy.
You have succeeded in dividing the country more than ever & stirring anger, racial discord and hate. Good work on that.
This will be how you look at this, right Donald?

You have to feed your ego.  Bigly.

#TrumpResign
#WHCD This is what secure adults do.
Ummm ... stripper polls don't count. STOP spewing #AlternativeFacts. STOP obsessing over @BarackObama. STOP obsessing over @HillaryClinton getting 50 million more populat votes than you in your #Russia #RiggedElection win! STOP denying that #ClimateChange is real.
Seriously, what is wrong with you

The history of Donald Trump's insults to women
In an interview with New York Magazine, Trump uttered this charming phrase about women: 'You have to treat 'em like s-hit'.


On your best day you will never even come close to Obama on his worst day!!
White Nationalist Monthly does polling?
You love that black man....you wanna be a brutha???
Christians please unite in opposition to this pathological liar,

Patriots please unite in opposition to the damage #LyingDonaldTrump does to American prestige overseas.

#TrumpRussiaCollusion 

#TrumpNeverInChurch

#TrumpCheatsonWives

#TrumpTaxScam
You. Are. Delusional!  You have never surpassed Pres Obama’s approval ratings. Wake up!
Thank you, President Trump! Your accomplishments have exceeded all! Thankful and proud you are our President!
Not too bright are you?
Not too American, are you?
Your approval rating is 41%, 52% disapprove.......the only you've accomplished is reversing all the good things done by PRESIDENT OBAMA!
Funny. Polls I've seen show you at decreasing approval ratings. I've never seen such a childish president who brags on himself and puts others down. Very unbecoming behavior. You're a nightmare.
Your delusions are amusing, President Trump.
Why are you so obsessed with being better or having poll numbers higher than President BO.Anything he did you when possible overturn or attack his policies.Your Presidency will fail(if not thru indictment or impeachment)it will fail because of your obsession with beating BO.
Reality check in the physical sense.All else is pretty much a non-starter.
Polls WTF. .. Gun violence at Waffle House and silence BUT anything you think might be President Obama becomes relevant to you. Trust me he could care less about your stalker like qualities you share for him. #FakeNews #FakePresident
He keeps taking credit for North and South Korea...what exactly did he do? I'm honestly curious?
Not a damn thing. As usual.
Thank you President Trump!!!!


Fake news!
Shouldn't relate to O ratings at all.  President Trump's is so far away from ANYTHING O ever did!
GO TRUMP GO! MAGA.....
王牌總統世界和平有你真好，非常感謝您。台灣人都非常歡迎您。
王牌總統世界和平有你真好，非常感謝您。台灣人都非常歡迎您。 
When it's your survey you can always get the results you want.
God, you can't get over the fact that Obama is and will always be far superior to you in every single way. That is so sad and pathetic.

Except that wall Mr. President. Get that wall built please.
You are not and never will be fit to even shine Obama’s shoes
You’ll never measure up to President Obama!  NEVER!!!
You are doing great Mr.President!
45 you are really hung up on the accomplishments and lifestyle of President Obama. You could never have his swag, people skills, dress as nice and look good in his clothes, nor a real loving relationship with your wife and children. What makes you focus so much on Pres. Obama?
Your obsession with Obama must be fueled by your sexual attraction to him.
Frequently gay people forget bisexuality and pansexuality exists...take note on that.
the joke still fucking sucks. queerness is not a punchline
It’s not a joke. It’s my observation. Don’t make assumptions about me.
And I do believe that he lusts after him. Obama is sexy, intelligent, and astute. I can see it. I really don’t give a shit what you think. You’re myopic and self important...my observation also.
The only person you should compare yourself to is the person you were yesterday... shit, you’ve got a lot of work to do.
I feel so sorry for u dear Spanky you are obsessed with Obama and that you are riding an economy that he created.
You are the President we have supported since Day 1!!!! The people Thank You for all you have done and all you are doing!

#IStandWithTrump
what do you stand with President Trump on exactly??
#MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall #TaxReform
so how does your political propaganda relate to what I said exactly?? or do you just really like saying statements you are most likely ignorant about??
I am a propaganda machine. That's why I'm here dear. Just like those annoying commercials you see on TV. 
Check my profile #ILoveTrump 
#VoteRed #VoteRed2018 
you are doing great then m'am I'm gonna have to opt out of checking your profile:)
really wish you would. you would see that I'm just an old nannie trying to motivate #MAGA to get out and #VoteRed2018. 

#DebbieWassermanSchultz
#DNC #AwanBrothers #FBI
#McCabe #Strozk & #Page
Unfit to lick Obama's boots!  You're a disgrace to the office AND the nation! The fact you continue to compare yourself to him proves you KNOW you're inferior! Bet he doesn't give YOU this much thought!
Or wipe his ass... just to be clear, in case it wasn't
Lol yeah I was hoping someone would add that!
LOL, I thought about being a grown up & leaving alone, but I have my petty boots on today & decided adulting was over-rated in this instance
Can't adult with a child anyway! Lol !
 especially a 70 year old child w/an extreme need to be brown nosed by everyone
Lol eeewww his ass must hurt! 
 He probably doesn't feel anything there anymore. So many noses attached through the years
You know what you can do with that poll?????
Please dont compare yourself to Obama.  Its degrading
What have you achived? Please provide proof
Is there anyone you arent jealous of?
Troll master level:  Supreme

Lol

MAGA 
Quite irritating to see you stuck in your bubble...!
#FakePresident #TrumpOfTheDay 
We love you!!!!
Like what? Tell us what was accomplished? Remember transparency?
#FakeNews
Wait, you are insinuating that you can read!
Fake Polls
DREAM ON
I agree! So please do your job that you are not doing!!!! Can the president focus on the deregulation, please ? And stop the trade war. We want to enjoy wealth not poverty!!!!
BS! What poll was it? The one in your head? There is NO POLL that has you over 37%, oh Rasmussen,  BS poll, it's particin

Higher..bigger..better.
Obsessed much?
Hahahaa
Just a side note: I wonder
if Trump knows how to bbq,
or has ever bbqed before?
I can’t imagine him flipping
burgers.. Lol
Your constant need to brag is so sad.
Must be the Trump family poll
Fake news
Bull Tweet
When was this poll taken? Trump family dinner perhaps? 
You're dreaming.  Look at what you've destroyed!!
Why are you always comparing yourself or your achievements to a former President?
Oh did you just get a poll? Christ, you are so vapid I’m surprised you can walk and talk at the same time. Who started this poll that only you have access to? Fox and friends? Yeah. Thought so.
The only poll I’ve seen for trump is #polldancing ugh
It must really burn you up that the BLACK man who held that office b4 you is more trusted & respected than you, even after all the shit you pulled to try & diminish him. 
#Obamastillmypresident
guess u and @StephenMillerAL is searching for sources.. ask him to stand for senate seat.. oh wait he can't bus people to vote for him that will illegal and he will prosecuted correct... lol
Sorry, bud.  No such poll exists.
Mr. @POTUS, you have accomplished so much more than @BarackObama did in 8 years, all while the Dems and #MSM have put forth nonstop, valiant efforts to stop you at every turn. #Winning!!!! #MAGA #MAGA2018
How much did you pay the taxpayers for your campaign rally and Nobel rant?
Why do you always compare with Obama? Are u jealous ? 
I dont understand what the hell with you ?
What poll Donald?  The one in your mind? YOU'LL NEVER BE HALF AS GOOD AS BO!!! Face facts.
Do you actually believe your own lies? Thats funny but truly sad.
Hey Douchebag, your entire time in office has been animated by ur jealousy of Obama who rescued the economy from financial collapse, saved the auto industry, provided health insurance to millions of Americans, killed Osama bin Laden, & left office w/ a 59% Gallup approval rating.
Does this Deflector-in-Chief ever stop lying?
Um.... proof?  or if it's a RASMUSSEN poll....never mind.
God, I’m great. How much chapstick do you go through each year in kissing the mirror?
Still lying

Love you. GOD BLESS
STOP LYING!!  IT SHOWS YOUR DESPERATION!  How many mirrors do you have??  Not enough it seems.  
TIME TO MAKE UP YOUR OWN METALS??!!
Please stop comparing yourself to Obama. There is no comparison! You are the bomb, @realDonaldTrump !
You are the most hated man in US Presidential history...    How's that working for ya?
There are millions more Trump supporters than the #FakeNews media would have you believe.  Keep up the great work. And get out to vote to support this return to America’s legacy. #MAGA2018
I can't believe how high gas prices are! 52 week high. President Moron, all of your buddy-buddy sword dancing with he Saudis and you let them increase the price on poor Americans trying to fill up their gas tanks? #Sad #PresidentMoron #Idiot
Do you really think the President has anything to do with the price of crude oil?  The markets may be slightly by those with an interest. But  the President isn't one of them.   Your click bait headline is completely false
I don't think so, but President Moron thinks so.  "It is simple as telling OPEC to not raise the price"  Clickbait? Don't think so ... if someone makes a false claim, you know their is a quote of Trump saying it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VfLgDf55CM … Oil, 3 year high!!!!
Lol!  So you actually believe that is the President to not raise prices, they won't?  Lol, c'mon man.  They don't answer to him
I guess you do not understand me. I do not believe the President has the ability to control oil prices, (around the margins a bit).   President Moron believes this ... listen to him speak. I was quoting Trump saying that someone needs to tell OPEC not to raise prices.
Lol, didn't mean that in a smartass way.
#FakeNews
Are you high ? You have never been above Obama! Sorry that is the truth ! I know your not used to that!
*rhymes with dooshbagg*
Get over yourself!!!
Trump, you are the greatest President to have ever sat in that glorious and iconic chair and office. I trust that you’ll do great in the coming years.
Where the hell did you dig up that poll?  @FoxNews

Yeah. Nixon was also doing fine in his polls and was still impeached. Just saying...
Thick.
Ew
Your never gonna wake up from that "Obama Syndrome" your laying in,  are you???
President Obama is living in your head.
#obamalied #obamasucked
Polls are all fixed the go to areas high with dems.
President Oh?
What Hannity poll is this
Please try to at least act like a president, and stop comparing yourself to your predecessor.  So childish!
Which poll? Like, "We asked 10 people in MAGA hats what they think about Trump..."
Good job
u r the better one
Thank you, Sir, for your service to America!!! We the People Still Support You!!!!!
Praying for your safety!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

You do mean President ZERO, right?

Another Fake Poll
You really are to be pitied.
Donnie do you feel SPECIAL COUNSELS noose getting tighter we do, and about to POP the Champaign
Omg, who the hell cares!
Yep.  You've sold us out to Russia MUCH more than any other President in history.  You must be SO proud.
Can you ever tell the truth?

#SUBPOENA #UrDreaming #UWish
Stop lying. No your not.

Nice work
You wish. Fake news from fake President.
President Obama, April 2010 (2nd year)- 50% approval rating

You, April 2018 (2nd year) - 38% approval.

50% is much higher than 38%.    Maybe Uncle Vlad can explain math to you as well?

Not surprising that someone who failed in the Casino business doesn't understand averages
You are doing a fantastic job!!!  So proud you are my president !!
#trumpbot
Can we see the facts that back this up?
Stop it!
You haven’t accomplished shit! You know who accomplished something? This hero right here in this pic! You forgot to thank him! Wonder why..
Vote trump
Mr President we knew that now step on him like a backyard stepping stone .
We have done a lot, haven't we? It's just not quite legislation but we'll just keep blindly undoing anything O did, right? We're still on that plan, right? Did we send MM his check this month?
Obama has nothing on Prez Trump Obama was the President of Opresser to America Horrible leader
Do you ever stop lying? Most of us are just laughing at your inadequacies. You’re not even a legitimate president. #pathetic #BenedictDonald
What’s going on with the pizza gate
Great job President Trump, president of the people of the USA
Dementia is hitting you hard, isn’t it?!  #yousuck
http://news.gallup.com/poll/201617/gallup-daily-trump-job-approval.aspx … poll/116479/barack-obama-presidential-job-approval.aspx except gallop (the people who do approval polls) disagree with you .
. . . and you claim you don’t drink#nothingthathasntalreadybeensaid
Just another reason to love you. I’m from Hawaii, and Barack Obama still embarrasses me.
You're such a Gigantic Baby
Keep up the good work @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Keep dreaming.
What a twit
#fakenews by the #presidentwholies
Just got a recent poll, much higher than the Queen at any time in her reign. Well, much more has been accomplished. (I ran this poll myself but I want to stress that it was honestly done)
Wrong you have the lowest approval rating of any president
Hey trump the punk.  You really love polls don't you? Why don't you spend more time doing the job you are paid to do?
Real President not just community organizer transforming USA to his redistributionist liking
Lmao even you had to backtrack that lie.
yeah, your approval is at 90% in the poll taken in the bizarre parallel universe!
@flotus Good poll results! but they won't print it (fake newsy's), too bad they can't be put in a world like they say they want of open borders, free drugs, orgy's (std's), pedophiles, no God of Goodness, etc,   they'd kill each other within one year  !  Bad agenda=bad results.
Your the best president we have ever had in many many years!
