How much has the @NRA received from #Russians? And how much did they donate to you? But I'm sure there's no connection. #NRAConvention #NRAIsATerroristOrganization #DrainTheSewer
I have a question, though. If NRA members are such trustworthy people, why weren't they allowed to carry their firearms into the convention? #NRAConvention
Here's an excellent report on the @NRA Russia connections.
And this details the @nra's political spending. #NRAConvention
Okay, I'm asking people to take it easy on @daleizcrazy. She's not a trumper and has been nothing respectful to me. She has a different point of view and will hold an intelligent conversation with you if you do so with her. This is a sensitive subject I get that.
Amen on that! The enemies of America and democracy in general want to sow discord among us. This has been well-documented. We must stop screaming at each other and start listening and realizing it is ok to have a difference of opinion.
Thanks for showing us that your heart and wallet are in the same place—- not with the kids of Parkland
Waaaaaaaaaaaa waaaaaaaaaaaa
The kid doesn't want any more kids to be killed. You seemingly don't care. That you value your pathetic gun boner over people's lives says all we need to know about you.
Lmfao omg. You people are some of the most ignorant people in our country.
Do you mean those of us who value human lives over weapons of war?
Va Tech. Worst school shooting to date. He used a small caliber pistol. TAKE A SEAT.
Because nothing goes better than the NRA & Russia.
Uk does have a knife problem. It is responsible for a tiny fraction of deaths compared to US gun crime, yet we acknowledge the problem,are disgusted by it and are desperately trying to find solutions. We do not advocate that everyone should carry a knife as a solution.
Well then move to the UK
I live in the uk.
Stay there and focus on your own problems. America will be back to how it was founded.
Please tell your president to do the same thing.  Fed up with him  running down the UK to support his warped  agendas.
To tell the sad truth, a gun will always be there. If you focus on disarming everyone, criminals always find a way. That’s their mindset. Our media in America tends to use mass shootings to push their agenda. If someone comes into my home with intention to kill me I want defense.
If there are no guns, then no one can be killed by a gun.  It's that simple.  In the UK, no one comes to your house trying to kill people, why would they?
They’d find another way. Plus the statistics I see the UK people using don’t suffice on our countries gun policies. Don’t forget, as of 2017 there are 325 million in my country. 65 million as of 2016 in the UK. Guns will end up in the hands of criminals.
You are disgusting.
GO - and with all due respect - FUCK YOURSELF
I pray for you. @sad
We know how effective that turns out
I’ll pray for you as well 
I love this reply. It is the equivalent to the southern 'bless your heart' or the New Yorker 'go fnck yourself', but with class. Keep praying lady!!
You got it!
I agree with Max, Trump’s core constituency can certainly be the least informed and nastiest people on Twitter.

“My theory is that Trump, the most deeply flawed individual ever to occupy the Oval Office, exposes and magnifies the flaws of his followers.”

- Max Boot @MaxBoot
Why are u there
How much did they donate to you today?
Die in a fire. #StopTweetingAndDoYourFuckingJob
Stop lying
Douche
Greatest President ever!
Yeah - all morons and Vladimir love that guy
I thought there were only 3 stooges?

As long as the NRA are happy forget the kids who are not safe to go to school.  And you condemn London! .  Last school shooting in the UK resulted in gun laws being changed.  NO MORE SCHOOL SHOOTINGS.
Move to the UK if it’s so dandy there
Stourbridge *is* in the UK.
Indeed it is, stop trying to run our country from Stourbridge, UK, stay the hell out.
We are merely giving you the benefit of our experience. Gun *control* works. Gun control does *not* mean that fit and proper people cannot own firearms.
Please, however, do pass on your train of thought to @JTMYVA as the crap he spouts about life in England is seriously tedious.
Fair trade. You guys can take Piers Morgan in return. Gun control does not fucking work. They tried making “safezones”. There always will be guns. Destroying all guns won’t eliminate the technology from history. So get used to it.
Make bigger safe zones until they all join up into one big country sized safe zone. It’s what the UK did except they skipped the first steps and jumped straight to the end game.
Okay let’s make the world one big safe zone! I demand a complete safezone of the United States of America! *youre still not erasing the fact that someone can easily build a gun at home to kill.* hell I can build me a gun at home if I wanted to. Just too lazy lol. See my point?
"You are afraid of the NRA!"
  -- you

Democrats clearly want total confiscation of firearms. Some of them are finally admitting it. That's why the NRA is critical. There was a time when the American left respected the Constitution - no more. They are now essentially Stalinists. Absolutely disgusting.
Que clase de comepinga eres..
Well that's a very biased comment isn't it?  You certainly do worship at the NRA Alter. Your evil sons must love it as they get their disgusting thrills slaughtering wildlife for the fun of it. Disgusting family.
People need to remember that it's not "having guns" that is the problem, but "the wrong people having guns". We need better background checks, better "not safe to handle weapons" database, & much better investigation of warning signs.
It’s no surprise that you support domestic terrorism
Why then was this event a “gun free zone”??? You want guns in schools but not NRA events?? Gtfoh.
patriots my ass. Merchants of death.
#WINNING  our @POTUS 


#BestPresidentEver
Earthquake shakes Hawaii during lava threat
fuck off
You use the word Patriot like you have done something for this country you deferment buying, draft dodging, yellow belly sob!
Furthermore, I had not only worked for the Major Engineering Group and my first university as trainee engineer(s) but also for BHP Petroleum for the same role for a few months during my first degree study in Melbourne, Australia
I had worked as a manufacturing engineer managing  >10 technicians from diverse backgrounds (I was in my 2nd year from 1st Australian uni graduation) and being responsible for all technical and management issues including improvement projects, machine down time, maintenance & SPC
Gun law reforms do not mean destroying the second amendment. You are a carnival barker, a sham. 
Shame on you for ass kissing the NRA.
So glad to see you here in Texas sir. Swamp is draing like bowling pins. I see you got a split. Oh how we long for your STRIKE! Gods speed my great POTUS!
https://youtu.be/Mb02gJw5QXs 
Um... China brokered the deal after N Korea triggered major earthquakes in the region with their stupid test explosions.
You are a vile POS! You and the NRA will be disposed of . Americans will always put our children and safety first .

#StopSyntheticWeedNationwide
What was all that bullshit about Republicans being scared of the NRA? You are more terrified than all of them combined. Thank Christ you’ll be impeached soon.
Our tax dollars hard at work protecting the right of child killers...



Yeah. You read the bible and Jesus and God just loved weapons of violence, right?
They would have loved your speech full of mocking hate, bigotry, self absorption, as well, right?
You REALLY know the Christian messgae don't you?
Fool.
Message...

There goes the flip-flopper again. In Feb he wagged his finger at a Repub senator & scolded him for being afraid of the NRA & stating that he would stand up to the NRA & finally get results on gun violence. I wonder how much more they paid him in exchange for American lives???
Calling on every 2nd amendment supporter, whether or not a gun owner. The Socialists are attempting to take away your rights! They want America to become a third world Socialist country. Show your support for POTUS and America. Vote and recruit others to vote, as well. Help MAGA.
I want voters to realize this is not business, as usual. Even Hilary said there are Socialists in her Party. They win not win on our watch.
I am a dumb? Is that what you said Sparky?
Reminder of tweet in February "I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks!"  This president has no convictions or beliefs.  The only thing he cares about is money!

Assault weapons by special permit, just like machine guns. No real hunters use assault rifles. Mass people killers.
What the hell is an assault rifle?


You also take your firearms to the RCMP for a ballistics sample and register our guns on a national registry. There are no loop holes unless you purchase a gun from the back of someone's car and if you get caught, there's major reprecautions
There are also major repercussions of not caught.


A real President.
What you care about is $$$$$$$(and yourself)not the people and it shows with everything you do and don’t do. Total disappointment.
Your friends are not patriots, your friends are traitors.
#NRA is a terrorist group, a Russian funded extremist group.
Your God will only bless you, not America. Your God hate America.
It’s almost like we can see the strings. #puppet

I prefer presidents who aren't corrupt.
#RESIGN, traitor.
Remember this: I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
Did the NRA  “purchase” Donald Trump?

Like and re-tweet
#1: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances
This comes FIRST. The one you attack daily, much like a dictator would do.
The @NRA has become a terrorist organization.  I know.  I was once a member.
@fawfulfan : It is true Britain has more stabbings than the United States has shootings. The NRA loves to make hay out of that.

Here's what they don't tell you. 99.5% of stabbing victims live.
Blood is on Trump’s hands. 

Promoting the use of guns...

Over children’s lives...

Gun Reform Now!

"huh?"

- @realDonaldTrump
Gun laws need to be revised.
All people want, including the kids at Parkland is GUN CONTROL! 

Trump instead in every speech he makes it seem like we want to abolish the second amendment which is a flat out lie he is stating.  We want control, not abolishment.
So you lied to all those students and faked sympathy when they came to you???? I hope their work will pay off and mid election will have blue all across the board. It is said over and over they don't try to take guns but they want tougher gun laws. But guns before lives, right?
Panhandling again, I see.  I am a gun owner who used to be an NRA member.  They lost my support when they abandoned common sense, ceased to protect America, and solely became advocates for the gun industry.

Did hell just freeze over?! 
Welcome to Britain 
Please rescind invite to the UK, we have enough liars here...
#DontWantToBeAnAmericanIdiot #TrumpRally #Resist #AmericanIdiot 
…
Why didn't you trust people at the #NRAConvention enough to allow them to have guns?  Surely with all those "good guys" with guns, a single bad guy wouldn't have a chance. That's what you said about schools.  It's not good enough for you, but okay for kids??
Where’s Eric? Did you leave him home with crayons?
Dull crayons. Can't trust him with the pointy ones.
I bet if someone in your family was killed, you would finally do something about gun control.  You are a liar and a fraud!
#DonTheCon 
#TrumpMafia 
#TrumpCrimeFamily 
#SwampMonster
#IdiotInChief 

#BlueWave2018 
#BlueTsunami2018 
#VoteBlue 
#ComplicitGOP 
#CorruptGOP 
#VoteOutGOP
LOVE POTUS TRUMP and NRA ... finally a POTUS that is on our side!! 

You will go down in history as the worst and most hated President this country has ever had. Even more so than Nixon. You have already failed. Now we just have to fight to clean up this mess you're making.
Viva La Trump !!!!!!

Donald Trump talks out of his ass more than Ace Ventura. Who else can contradict themselves in the same frig'n sentence?…


2) why haven't you mentioned James Shaw for saving lives at the Waffle House shooting? Is it because NRA won't give you any money if you do? You are a corrupt president with an even larger corrupt heart. History will remember you as the worst president EVER of our country.
The "hero" got lucky..in a gun-free place!
You're pathetic. I imagine you'd call the blob sitting in the white house a hero for trying to take medical care away from millions of people. You're a scab.

“We will give the rich white people the money and the poor white people the guns!”
Slime ball. Thanks for promoting the murdering of our children. Your’re a total disgrace.
Forty-five, you were a failure before you ever started—LOSER!
Make that Faux Forty-five!
"I believe in God, Jesus, the constitution, and..
Cheating on wives
Paying off pornstars
Lying on TV
Not paying taxes
Creating fake universities
Conspiring against our own country
Dismantling our institutions for personal gain
And very fine people..

#MAGA #Trump
passing tax reform
GDP>3%
Economy @ 17 year high
Prioritizing women owned businesses loans
Renegotiating unfair trade practices
Cutting regulations
$98M to fund new cops
arrested 800 MS-13 members
Declared opioids a crisis  
Beating the hell out of ISIS
Ending 68 year Koren War

Let's play the whole convo..Cruz was the example..30+ calls..even by himself..nice try though..sheeple!
Dear Mr @realDonaldTrump, I’d just like to inform you that given a choice between sending my children to a School in London, or any other city or town in the UK, or sending them to any school in the USA, I’d pick London/UK every time, they’ve less chance of being murdered here.
So if North Korea allows 3 American hostages to be free, explain how President Obama failed? Two were detained during Shameless 45's taking of America. Do tell

I want to thank all of our friends and donators at the @NRA for all the money. We will never fail, and we will always protect YOUR Second Amendment interests from those who have lost family in mass shootings. God Bless you, and God Bless White America!
You aren’t protecting the 2nd amendment because no one is attacking it. We want common sense regulations and weapons of war, AR-15s, off the streets. Americans are being murdered every day, 97/day. #protectourchildren
You're already a failure. You have failed at every business you've launched and now you are failing at the biggest job in the world. And everyone knows you're a failure. And they revel in your failures.
You are a man of the utmost love of country. We the people are always with you President Trump 
The TRUMP supporters needs more unification.  The liberals gets then agenda muving up. .while they dont het one point yet still are bawder. The president labor. !!

Good to know you care more about NRA and guns than you do our children and our democracy. GFY.
The NRA is a civil rights organization.

Yet look at the hateful comments by angry individuals who hate the bill of rights

Pathetic. Basically, if you support gun laws you are not a Patriot?
Patriots don’t enable murders. The NRA and you have.
You got to love his style shove a stick into the hornets nest and stir hard LOL
It’s like watching the titanic sink, as the passengers applaud frantically for the iceberg & their demise.

Republicans it’s time to abandon ship, you have become stage 5 clingers of the stupidest mobster in history
Donald, did you happen to ask Wayne how many dead Americans, especially American children, it will take before the @NRA will start to support common sense gun laws and/or an assault weapons ban?
No condolence for the victims and their family (by miming as a grotesque clown the horrifying drama).
No reality of the horrifying figures of the deaths in the USA.
Well, what expect from a psychopath?
Were they allowed to have guns there?
3 of the top 10 mass shootings in US history have happened under your brief watch. As far as I can tell, you and your @GOP lapdogs haven't done a f-ing thing about the problem except roll over for the @NRA and pander to your base.

Real presidents don't kiss the ass of a group that's holding America hostage.
So that ‘listening session’ with the Parkland shooting survivors - you know, where Hope wrote ‘I hear you’ - was as fake as your complexion. Money before school children; got it. #NRAkills #NRAisaterroristorganization #NRAbloodmoney #GunControlNow #BanAssaultguns
You didn’t write this tweet either.
Please protect ALL OF WE THE PEOPLE'S CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS, 4TH&14TH ARE IMPERATIVE, my and my daughters civil rights have been violated, & injuries are being sustained as a result. Please Mr. President, ENFORCE PENALTIES FOR THOSE WHO VIOLATE BUCHANAN LAw here in NJ
Let's forget the fact that  people  are killing our kids in school ...It's all fun and games and "I love you" until someone uses an assault rifle in an assassination attempt...

How about we are only allowed unlimited guns that existed when the Second Amendment was written.  Everybody can own as many muskets as they want and of course dueling pistols.
Good news. It looks like more than half that audience were in their 90’s.
You say that in Paris attack at Bataclan, people didn't carry  and if they were allowed to do so, the terrorists would have been killed. 58 people died in Las Vegas by 1 shooter. Guns are allowed in your country. Did the second amendment help in any way?
Those are very different circumstances. Hard to compare a person in a crowd to a person in a sniping position. Incomparable.
Trump is comparing the situation in Paris, Europe where GUNS ARE NOT ALLOWED to the situation in USA. Isn't that incomparable?
You compared the Paris attack and the Vegas attack, which is apples and oranges in circumstances. They are incomparable due to how they were carried out. Paris may have been stopped sooner if guns were legal, in Vegas legality has no impact due to circumstances of that shooting.
Well, we in Europe are not that keen on killing other people
God is reserving a special interrogation for when you reach the Pearly Gates that will make Mueller’s questions seem like an ice cream order.
How much did the NRA pay you... #Trumpdisgrace
I think you mean we will continue to protect the rights of allowing mass shootings to continue to happen while doing absolutely nothing to stop them because the 2nd amendment

So nice of you to protect the Second Amendment!!! Now how about protecting our children in school??? They shouldn’t have to be living in fear every day.
Hey were they able to carry weapons there or was it a gun free zone?
You ass hole, lying POS
متاع قليل ثم إلا المصير المحتوم جهنم وبئس المصير
With your comments on #bataclan you made sure that the French are no longer your friends. Your stupidity is just amazing. You are a sad person.
I can't wait for this presidency is over.
You will be personally responsible for multiple deaths   Sleep well traitor.  #MuellerIsComing
Muppet
When did it become the NRA's second amendment? It is the people's, and the name of it tells you that it can be changed.
The #LiarInChief made positive comments about reasonable gun control after Parkland; but, he caved and once again proves he's afraid of the NRA and crawls and slobbers to please them.
NRA - NATIONAL REPUBLICAN ARMS-DEALERS
#StopTheWitchHunt #TakeDownDeepState #WeSupportTrump 
#Qanon #WeThePeople #GodBlessAmerica #GodBlessPresidentTrump #ComeyForPrison #SaveTheChildren #ReleaseTheTexts #GodWillWin #ReleaseJFKfiles #SenatorMarkWarnerIsCorrupt #FireSenatorMarkWarner
Why does the NRA have a 501(c)3 status with the @IRSnews ?!! This is trump hoping violent gun owners vote for him
What happened to standing up to them? #fakepromise #FakePresident #peepeeboy

That looks like a whole lot of old angry white men.
Another F’ng taxpayer paid trip on Air Force One. 

WTF...

The NRA must be audited...

NRA accepts RUSSIAN MONEY...

NRA funnels the Russian Money to GOP...

Close down the NRA!
So you lied and have done a complete about face? Why doesn’t that surprise me? You’re a weasel.
Patriot killers, @NRA and all complicit like you, @realDonaldTrump. @GOPisComplicit @bloodonyourhands, @banassaultweapons
You are a complete disgrace to the office of the presidency
Mass shootings in this country are rapidly becoming more deadly and frequent. This is how you choose to handle this horrible problem in our country?? YOU are the biggest threat to America. Do us all a favor and resign already.
Make sure you keep sending him the $, he will do anything you want...#Mr. President you are bought and paid for.

Responsible gun message by doosh @POTUS
You mean all the murderers at #NRA
Enough with this perceived “assault” on the Second Amendment.  Nobody, seriously nobody, wants to take sensible guns away from sensible people.
God bless our Great President Trump!!!!
MAGA
So if I'm getting this right Donny - 2nd amendment rights are under siege - except they're not under siege - because you're president? Have I worked that out correctly?
I thought you told the kids at the WH that you'd protect them too. But, that was BEFORE your dinner with the NRA after meeting with the kids, so i understand your flip.
You have no friends TRAITOR
“WAH! WAH!
The @nra is SO SCARY!
I swore I would do gun control cuz @nra had power over congress but not me!
Then they sat me down, proved they own me and now I have to do anything they say and LIKE it!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
I’m so weak!”
- #crybabyTrump

Your pact with the devil will not end well for you and your cronies.
Might come back to haunt you, dickhead
cowards
What a wonderful message to all the kids in american schools fighting for a safer learning enviromement. #MAGA #schoolshooting #ironic #manofthepeople
Telling people that Dems are coming to take away guns...is just another lie. Trump is a professional liar...and he lies for those who pay him the most.
What happened to this?
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
hero of the nra
Are you comfortable there with LaPierre's hand firmly up your backside?
What? You fail every single day. You are a bad joke.
Did the Puerto Rico Police Really Shoot Tear Gas for Crowd Control? http://www.latinorebels.com/2018/05/05/did-the-puerto-rico-police-really-shoot-tear-gas-for-crowd-control/ … #Trump is Laughing at Puerto Rican, don't forget when we vote in #Nov2018 and don't forget he hasn't help Puerto Rico with help, @pitbull @JLo @ananavarro @maddow @Acosta @SenSchumer @CNN
What everyone hears: Thank you for tge ginormous campaign contribution. I will always take your money and make sure I protect your agenda
Supreme Court held in 2008 that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to possess a firearm. Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that this right “is not unlimited” and is “not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose.”
#truth
Hey Trump .. standing up for the NRA but have not done squat about all the school shootings? You said you were going to make changes but you have not. You saying things about London’s Hospital due to knife incidents but what about schools in the USA?
Hey Donald, how many American citizens died because of American weapon in your country last year ? 
Talking about terrorist attack in Paris is total non sense . Do you think God would like to use guns? Lol so hypocrit
I get it now chief. Your son is the bump stock. What is he doing there on stage with you? Trying to add money to the coffers? I see you care lots about all those who have died an unfortunate and avoidable deaths.
Et dire que cette individu a été invité par la france au 14 juillet a Paris , et le voici qui bave comme un goret sur les victimes du 13 novembre , MINABLE

You are truly on the wrong side of history. America will not give in to the #NRATerroristOrganization
If u truly belv that, allow attendees at ur rallies to carry guns. After all , u stated guns should be allowed at schools, church, concerts, etc.   explain that reasoning ! #NRA #GunControl #IQ45
Worshiping guns as "God." That's what Trump and the #NRA are doing. When they say "God" they mean their own bullying omnipotent strivings. It is the exact opposite of the God of Jesus, who was killed by people like them. See this analysis:
