What a coincidence! That's the same evening as the White House Correspondent's Dinner. Ole Thin Skin Donald can't take a joke, so instead he's having a rally to get his ego stroked. He's so predictable. 
Yeah he “hates” the media so much but uses it to blast the haters. Just another opportunist using people to their advantage. Thin skinned yes!  Thinks he’s a tough guy but can’t take a joke though he sure loved getting roasted on Comedy Central.
#California could sure use a few of your “rallies”  
The republican voters need to be woke up out here

Great likeness of Obama...🖒
I

Why do I have a feeling this is a KKK/Hate Rally. Guest speaker @realDonaldTrump
Obama had the same type of rallies don't you remember 
#MAGA #TrumpTrain2020 #Qanon
You are not going to be in any position to run in 2020
Trump will be elected and comey and mueller will long be gone
loser
Keep up the good work. B
Wish I could be there: Michigan is going to be great again.
Breaking: Mueller says Trump colluded with the North Koreans in a plot to force a peace agreement between North and South Korea.
Yay! We the patriotic hard working American everyday struggling people who don't have a lot of time want to show our support for our amazing president too!  Thank you for helping Michigan so much!We can't wait to see you!Thank you for your sacrifices! MAGA!We love & support you!
Don't break your arm patting yourself on the back. 
It should be GAGA. trump is gaga & gag America more closely defines his agenda.
Great! Maybe I will go and let out some steam by screaming unintelligible hate speech.  Please have progressive rock playing.
Just do that so you can be politely escorted by ICE agents out of the arena then out of the country
What is the $ for the tickets used for?
Is this the night of the Correspondent’s Dinner?
It sure is! He’s afraid of them.
He's telling them that his States are better!
He’s terrified that a roomful of people will make fun of him, and be right.
Proud to be a Macomb County Trump voter!
Welcome President Trump! #MAGA
Give the people of Michigan your utmost promise to get their economy cranking http://again.It  is a mainstream state where shipping to the Great Lakes made History of the Industrial Revolution through side effects of the use of Great Lakes shipping.
Have fun!
Fake president...why do you still need rallies??
M.A.G.A.
How about you go to Flint and tell them about how we can afford to fire millions of dollars worth of missiles, but we can't afford to fix their water pipes.
Obama owns the Flint debacle sonnyboy butboy
I'm going to be there Mr. President and I can NOT WAIT!!! MAGA

Dump Trump and really Make America Great Again —
How much does this cost us again. ...??
Yur gonna talk about yur obsolete wall that couldn't stop a rabbit.or how all Latinos are rapists drug dealers an murderers ,but you won't talk about yur failure to stop us from committing those crimes against us.Yur ego does nothing about our internal problems,talk about those!!
Come to California please!! #MAKECALIFORNIAGREATAGAIN #MAGA #KAG2020 #TRUMP#PENCE2020 #BUILDTHEWALL #DRAINTHESWAMP
I'd love to go, can't afford but my prayers and my heart will be with you @realDonaldTrump
Don’t you have a million things to do?
I would love to meet some of you there!!!
Make JFK proud. This is all I have to say. Take care.
In Communist China, President Xi Jinping has seized all China leading powers of China's government and troops since 2012. Xi decides to become China emperor and never retires from his emperor seat, so Xi will kill more China democratic fighers, Fa Lung Gong and Uyghur people 
China Communist government says it serves for China people. China Communist former President Mao Zedong's Red Guards had kill 60,000,000 China people during China's Huge Revolution of the Culture(1966-1976). Do you believe China Communist government? 
Just seeing this today, on 04/26/18.
PLEASE DO SOMETHING TO HELP ALFIE EVANS!! THE HOSPITAL IS LETTING HIM DIE!! AN ITALIAN HOSPITAL WANTS YO FLY HIM THERE
Michigan is excited!
Hi
Why do you still hold rallies? Rallies are for candidates...and the insecure.
SATURDAY is going to be GREAT Michigan 

Trump Rally
2016 2018 2020 

Take lots of PICS to share
Will be watching....(.from Mich.)  have no idea where Washington, MI is....guess I will google it....
Will it be on FB like others have been ?? Can we get a text as a reminder before you start ? Thanks

Keep these great rallies going!!

@POTUS I want to extend my deepest gratitude of support to your administration Mr. President and its my honor to represent the United States of America to Philippine International Model United Nations in Human Rights Council. #MAGA
Who is overseeing the event?  Can't get through to ANYONE at DJT, Inc., TMAGAC and even TSP's voice mailbox is full.  You would NOT believe what the Michigan GOP told me when I called there.  DM me with a phone number or to get mine PLEASE!
Nope....do your job and stop stroking your own ego
thank you POTUS
Пусть трампанет
what the issue?
Liar.....

Ex-Miss Universe host: Trump stayed overnight in Moscow during 2013 trip - The Hill

https://apple.news/Ae8xfJ2EER7qKx3iyIUVWaA …
Do you think you could knock it off with the rallies to feed your hurt ego & actually do some work for a change. Between your rallies & your golf time you spend practically no time doing your job.
#dumptrump
Here’s a thought. How about #MAGBA - Make America Great British Again?  You clearly can’t be trusted to run it yourselves. Put an adult back in charge.
Liberals aka vomit
My moms birthday..GREAT DAY CHOICE.I'd love to go and take her with, but I'm Still trying to get her to swallow the Red pill, and unfortunately she already won't take the pills she really needs in real life though...LOL.
BUT..There's hope she's still very smart.
Make sure your at the gate to count all the people that come
How much will this campaign jaunt cost us?
good


@realDonaldTrump trying to pay those legal fees with campaign money. Shame on you. SAD!!!


Absolutely,  Definitely Not!!! We don't need to hear you congratulate yourself for being an A $$
Only sitting presidents with low self-esteem and wanna-be dictators hold rallies.
Rally cancelled
Keep the $ flowing to pay your & jr's lawyers. We all know you aren't paying. It all comes from campaign funds.
MICHIGAN HATES YOU, KEEP OUT !!
Is America ready for the Petro-Yuan?
When are you going to tell the public about the pedo rings being taken out since the MSM won't
Very nice best wishes 
Oh look kids! A Klan rally!!!! Break out the sheets and burning crosses!
DUDE IT IS TOO BAD THAT YOU CANNOT MAKE MELANIA SMILE LIKE OBAMA CAN. MELANIA LOOKS GOOD WITH THE REAL PRESIDENTS FAMILY. YOU AND MELANIA LOOK LIKE 10lbs OF SAD IN A 5lb bag. YOU ARE NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR HER
Real presidents don't have rallies.  Especially those who won the popular vote.
drink the water while you are there. take pruitt and have him drink the water too. bottle some of it and take it to the southern white house and then over to congress. give it to all of them. Go ahead, let EPA deregulate everything. cheers!
You mean Make America White Again?
So SAD you’ll be in jail before the next election. Not really 
Nah fam I’ll be at funeral. My friend died when our school got shot up
Sure! Make America shit not great!! "Make rich more rich again." "Make people slave again"" Make American a warmonger again" " MR. Trump most stupidest president in the world"
It would be sat if everyone get tickets and no one shows up. All the seat would be empty
Wait, there's a change in the address. The new #MAGA meeting will be here
I'd rather get Lyme disease than listen to you.
Don’t Go! The Lying Fraud doesn’t care about anyone or anything but himself! He’s using our taxpayer money to satisfy his Narcissistic personality disorder!
Do your job
Goes to show you what liberals teach their children
Wish I could be there! Stay safe Mr. President we need you!
Stay the hell out of Washington! you have ZERO support here for your radical agenda.
who is paying for all these rally's??? the secret service..airforce one? WHO ? us... geeeesh . i would rather have a president taking a salary than one milking us for all they can ..for applause.  wow
The ripoff continues
Afraid you’re losing Michigan?  $ .02 an hour raise might make those folks think differently about your policies.  Most intelligent people know your 30% base won’t carry you over the finish line in 2020.   Enjoy the ride. It’ll be over soon.

God watch over you always...
Amen...
What goes around comes around. You are no longer in NY where you can bend or skirt the law. DC is about the law.
I say we all totally ignore him.
Only you would charge $
The New York Times  reported the other day that Trump has mistreated Cohen for years “with gratuitous insults, dismissive statements and, at least twice, threats of being fired, according to interviews with a half-dozen people familiar with their relationship.”


I’m sure it’ll be an overflow house like ALL Presidents Trumps MAGA speeches!!!
Which presidents held "rallies" after they won an election and were already in office?
Oh, Donald, the fact that you think you are still on the campaign trail says that you can't get over Clinton winning the popular vote.



There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Why the hell do you need a rally?!?!?!
Protect  protect  protect
Say goodbye  for me please
Need to have one in NC
No way
My 6th grade son would love to do an interview of Honorable Pres Trump as he is applying for some kid reporter programs like Time and Scholastic.  Here is some of his work at the NCAA Tournament as he made an opp on his own though sadly SI Kids said no:
Dahahahahaha dahahahahaha hahahahahah dahahahahaha dahahahahaha dahahahahaha
Time for more masturbatory ego stroking.
We will have to make America great again after you've made a mess of it.
Barf. I’m embarrassed to have you in my state.

Donald Trump praised an armed man he and the @NRA said stopped more deaths in Sutherland Springs (after 26 were killed), but has said nothing about James Shaw. https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/nov/7/donald-trump-says-hero-gun-prevented-hundreds-more/ …
#MAGA #AmericaFirst
Join and see how many times I LIE
WH pool say 67 times
I better not be paying for that freak show.
Why does a so called billionaire need to do fundraising?
Have you ever reconsidered the “MAGA” thing? I mean, really, it’s just a short hop to “MAGGOT.”
"Rally??"  Why are you having campaign rallies instead of running the country?Every rally that isn't scripted for you turns into a torrent of word salad, lies and foreign policy blunders.
I have a Landscaping business, last year a lot of my customers were hostile at the mention of your name, same people this year are saying good things about your performance... keep it up...MAGA, GOD BLESS
DUMP @MittRomney and endorse @KennedyForUtah if you want to continue to #MAGA Romney is a fake and WILL do everything to destroy you and split the GOP, he is another @SenJohnMcCain
@Follow_Me
You dictators certainly like your rallies and military parades.

Washington trump time 7:00 pm noche News todos placitar white house never ever Ever happen Estados Unidos  presidente
NO THANKS!!!!!!!!
Why are you having "rallies" at the expense of tax payers?
experiment?

elektryczny semi truck - tanker - fuel transport in the USA

(fuel tanker)_[ :-)]
-oo -----oo-----o- 

How much electricity do electric tractor units need for fuel supplies to American gas stations?
No thanks, I have reached my bullshit quota for a life time.
#maga
Trump’s presidency has been one long 2020 campaign....with golf thrown in for good measure.
If i get late, plz wait for me.
BE THERE!

I see you still need to bathe in adulation. You have no sense of self-worth.

You rely on a crowd's cheers, though you think the people aren't real, to assuage your emptiness for a while.

Why don't you hold a press conference instead and face ALL types of constituents rather than your ever shrinking crowd of idolizers?
STOP wasting our tax dollars on rallies - only the Nazis had more rallies than you...oops I forgot they're YOUR people!
More Fleecing of America... nitwit hasn't a snowballs chance of winning a re-election and even if he did, why waste tax payer dollars to have some silly rally? So people can stroke his childish ego? This waste of money should not be allowed unless it's all on his own dime.
... 
Judicial Watch: Two Trump trips to Mar-a-Lago cost more than $1 million
 ... 
http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/331946-judicial-watch-two-trump-trips-to-mar-a-lago-aboard-af1-cost … …

I wanna go to a TRUMP rally
I miss his online rallies from before the election. Places were clearly full and 100s of thousands watching online. The media trying to tell us, Hillary had it locked up. Good times!
I watched them all too!  What a great man he is and so entertaining !
Trump I want to talk with asap very soon as possible PLEASE
Strange Trump needs affirmation SO much. Posing as "John Barron" or "John Miller" to plant stoires overstating his wealth & inflating his sexcapades is lengendary. Yet he seems to hold EVERYONE in contempt. Even when closely scripted, he chokes when speaking with humility. Nuts?

Why ARE YOU ALWAYS GOLFING, and CAMPAIGNING, SAD! And wasting tax payers’ $$$?!! PATHETIC!
WAY TO GO DEAR PRESIDENT TRUMP WE THE PEOPLE LOVE YOU AND WE PRAY DAILY FOR YOUR SAFETY GOD BLESS YOU, GOD BLESS YOUR FAMILY & GOD BLESS AMERICA#QAnon @POTUS
still growing:
1) @realDonaldTrump likes sex w women who remind DT of @IvankaTrump 
2) Likes unprotected sex
3) @potus need to PAY 4 sex
4) flings more important than @MELANIATRUMP 
5) #Mueller MUST talk 2 KEITH
6) @GOP morals & values gone
7) has LOVE CHILD 
8) @seanhannity too

I'd only show if people are selling rotten eggs to throw at you.
I pick morals.
will it be the same broken record of topics your normally cry about? Probably. Get some new material #fuckfacevonclownstick
Are you paying people to attend this one too?  I have friends there looking for easy money.

@2540Claire be safe Mr. President. Bless you.

Since you're a big supporter of the 2nd Amendment and the NRA, I trust you will allow the people attending your rally to come in with as many weapons (handguns, assault rifles, etc) as they want, locked and fully loaded. I'd look forward to that rally. Thank you.
Fixed it for you bud!  You left out some fine print...
.@realDonaldTrump 

*** Fine print***
100% of all ticket sales will be used to pay for my lawyers!…
Donald J Trump Rally

Still.dividing Americans 
#WastingAmericanTaxes 

Itd be more fun for you if you resigned
you could have rallies and make millions
SPANKY; I hope that you will attempt to read the teleprompter and NOT use those boring talking points that you used when running for POTUS; it's like a tired rerun of THE APPRENTICE B-O-R-I-N-G!!!! #SPANKYPOTUS
Not if you paid me!
No one came to this event
TRAILER TRASH TRUMP will be in Michigan!  Make sure you bottle him up some of that great water from Flint to drink while he’s there!
