James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch & others?
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake & Disgusting News to create ill will!
Remember what happened when the Democrats sued during Watergate. It led to Nixon's resignation.
#Resign

So if you live in Hollywood you are not allowed to tweet?

ufff in your face democrats....................have the intregrity to do the same
So funny, how when Melania is by your side, she always looks sad and annoyed. But when she is beside a REAL man who treats all women with respect and honor, the smile, happiness & look of relief on her face is like a MasterCard credit card...... Priceless!!!
#JustSaying
Feminist and/or single mother raised soy boy
What are "he R's" ?
Seems a bit childish on the face of it? And expensive!... Could we perhaps take a moment away from the political drama and discuss the African problem?... They're becoming tedious... SURELY we can chalk this one up to Lincoln's poor eyesight?
She’s happy sitting next to a man that is smart, doesn’t just talk about himself and is respectful to women.  What a refreshing change for her.
Wrong interpretation.
What does Rogers have?   - -  Expand your thinking.
We see All, We hear All.

These people are stupid.  They never thought she would lose.
#GITMO reservations full.
#GITMO2 under prep.
#TickTock
@realDonaldTrump
Why are you so bad at typing simple sentences
And spelling & grammar.& all the things my grandkids are far superior at!
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!  “red pen”   I’m a misspelled word or grammar freak! Drives me crazy!! Thanks for the laugh! 
STUPIDLY. I gues they forgot about the discovery portion of the trial.
 Yep. But most Democrats can't claim to have a good measure of intelligence.
i.e.
You did already over and over again

With the help of Russia.And He is going in the story books as the worst president ever.
You're delusional, and you don't even know it.
The saddest human being that ever existed.

Can't blame you entirely though. I'm sure you've been educated through the public schools, and enjoy a steady diet of the MSM, Hollywood and pop culture.
You've stopped using intellect.
URGENT! Mr. President, I thought of this earlyAM! You and Atty. Cohen are being held Hostage by Dems/Mueller! From Day 1, Everyone has been Protecting Hillary from Prosecution! You/orMayor Guiliani must seeThatHRC is Prosecuted! (I just nowSawMayor G. speak onMSNBC w/Bryan Wms.)
shouldn't you be turning over the servers in trump Tower that were communicating with Russian servers during your campaign? Now THAT would be a treasure trove~!!!!!
What, Huh. The Russian Collision was Hillary, the FBI and Obama, that’s who
Packing yet? #JailTime
ThankYou, Mr. President
Please change your Twitter handle. Veritas means truth, & you haven’t a clue the meaning or action of truth.
Remember when @HillaryClinton thought she had it rigged enough to win hind site being 20/20 huh killary?
She knows a real President when she sees one.
They were telling jokes about Hillary
Wow!  Our president just left off the letter "t" from the word "the", misused an apostrophe, and capitalized 3 words incorrectly all in the same tweet!  Talk about a disaster!  Quick, start the impeachment hearing!
Think positive. Change was needed. We were going down fast and I support our President. This is the USA and its feeling like maybe some good change is happening. Respect our President. Please.
ABSOLUTELY AMBER! #MAGA
@cnnbrk @FoxNews DT, when will u cease to act in haste shows ur immaturity & political inexp.U appear unwilling 2 learn or take good advice Clearly a Juvenile behaviour. 4 millions who voted 4u grow up & change.
They never plan things correctly.  Unless non-stop lying and corruption can be cosidered a plan.  Soon the Demo's will ban "stupidity" and self censor themselves out of existence.
Condoms can help prevent syphilis
You are going to be sitting at home for the next seven years then.
Anyone working in the military & federal civil service knows mishandling classified info like this would be career ending & likely pen time.
Oh Christ, give it a break.  get over it! You right wingers are shaking in your boots!  Go read some fake Russian news on utube.
Sniffin' the white powder eh??
#Nevada better be on the Look Out, Soon Thanks to DNC & HRC, Loser's in #LasVegas & #Reno will sue Casino's for Lost Money..........
So  Beyoncé is donating all that money for an all black school ..isn’t that prejudiced?If a white celebrity did that for an all white college it be called prejudiced.
white folks don't have nothing to say about that but when we try to help our own because y'all won't we are prejudice...
Aren’t we all human beings?
just because we are pro black doesn't make us anti white...unlike white supremacy.
I am pro everything..black white...whoever...we are all human beings and that’s the bottom line.I have no time for people who put others down because of their race and religion.I don’t like hypocrites who call people white supremists when they are same
so Beyonce is putting whites down because she donated to a few HBCUs?
But she is splitting people which is hypocritical..for years people has fought to be treated as equal and it seems like it is going back to that.Going back when white people thought they were better than black people now I think it is the other way around.
and for the record blacks don't think they are better than whites. We just recognized and appreciate our own culture.  Some how white folks are bothered by that.
What next?  Throwing water balloons filled with urine at the president's motorcade?


.@realDonaldTrump #Democrats did not sue you for winning, they are suing you for #RussianCollusion. #trumpdumpcare #Resistance #Emma4Change #FBR

Bahahaha!
So funny,  being sued for cheating, conspiracy with Russia, crookedly rigging an election.  Guess what?  You'll have to turn over your despicable trove of material, servers and emails.  Not worried about the Dems, but GOP's sure will be interesting. @POTUS
Hey Sandy
Hey to you, but not Trump!
Cheating. Treason.
If there ever was a “deep state” you would not be in the office you occupy. Nobody in their right mind would have allowed you to win. Here we are a damn year later still talking about the damn election and you are still holding rallies!
Final
not how it works dumbfuck
By investigating all these mysterious cases:
Winning
Continue to drain the swamp rat's thank you
Karma! 
So FUN!  Rubs palms together!
I think they all lost their minds

That's because there witch hunt is running out of dumb village people!
Hilarious Don but time and time again the repugs have proven themselves to be complicit and willing to cover your criminal ass.  Not for much longer.

Nach. Winning really isn’t what you call all your shenanigans.  It was great to see your wife smiling today. Please don’t beat her up in an elevator.  #SadOldManTrump
They are suing, for interferance bone head.

The dems need to let the man do his job. In my business it’s the best it’s ever been Donald trump is a business man not a politician that’s why they are crying like babies   Stay clear and let him work
Lets see Barry's college transcripts and his papers locked away from Americans. 
Barry, Barak the guy with two identities. LOL
I think,sadly,that so many of us know the double standard and I don’t think any of these leakers or traitors or non-law abiding higher-ups will EVER be held accountable.yet, if Pres Trump jaywalks,the left will scream for impeachment
For your reference
What would this Tweet have read, if someone who understood the English language had written it?
It’s time! #CrookedHillary #ClintonCartel #ClintonFoundation #ClintonEmails  #Benghazi 
#ClintonCrimes transparency, the investigation wasn’t done right the first time, the American people deserve to know the truth about the Clintons, Obama, DNC etc #Soros #DrainTheDeepState
You are correct America deserves truth and transparency in our government and from the elected officials running it, but why do you think Trump is living up to either of those expectations? Trump has repeatedly lied and is about as transparent as the vault hiding his tax returns.

You missed a few...
One word...Watergate #moroninchief
Exactly! And who was spied on this time around?
Once again Trump, your tweets are filled with grammatical errors! You don’t capitalize a word in the middle of a sentence unless it’s a proper nown (see word, ‘winning’).Also, proof your tweets! In this tweet you left out the letter ‘t’ in ‘the’.  You’re  an embarrassment to U.S!
This is a nown issue.
Um. Unemployment is the lowest it’s ever been.
Don’t look down on ppl that don’t make 6 figures. It’s honest work. Everyone needs to start somewhere.
You’re right I am misunderstanding you. What does that mean?
Did you miss every single grammar class?
They are not suing the R's.  Read the text of the lawsuit if you can.
Good luck getting Russia to cooperate. Now we will have access to all of the DNC servers that was never searched by the FBI. Big time backfire by demorats.
Good job Mr. President !! Keep up the good work and MAGA !! 
So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Treason with Russia. Now the R’s counter and force them to turn over a “treasure trove” of proven useless material, including Russian-hacked Servers and Russian-stolen Emails!
That’s because they paid the crooked lawyers
Dreaming of the day when the DNC has to turn the servers over for REAL inspection, @wikileaks Testimony will be the END of the DNC LMAO  They are SO stupid, but hey keep it up DemonRats... We will Flush your Tidy Bowl Blue wall down the toilet where you all belong. #LockThemAllUp
What isn't funny is treason. You will hang for it. It still won't be funny haha, but there will be much rejoicing!
Remember Ceaucescu?
Time to clean house Mr. President ...
How Crazy Can That Be? Sounds like some people need to put their time and energy behide there paycheck and stop wasting tax payers money on Senseless Ventures. 
Everything the Dem’s do backfires and bites them in the rear, when are they going to learn?
DONT FORGET #SETHRICH COMPUTER
THE ONE THAT WASSERMAN SCHULTZ TRIED TO GET FROM THE DC POLICE

Why is RNC NOT SUING DNC FOR INTERFERING W/THE ELECTION!! FOR GOD'S SAKES THERE IS PROOF!!! Not only that 
Defamation of Character
SUE THEM ALL!!!
What proof are you talking about?
By law the DNC will have to turn over a lot of information on discovery - they may have bit off a lot more than they bargained for!  Lawsuits are not unilateral.  This is going to be fun!

love your style big D
Many people are saying you love to sue.  You sue all the time to avoid doing what is right.  Sad!  Share your tax returns to clear the air.
So much winning...or is it whining?
gonna be funny when they force you to turn over your personal phone records

You sell us #crumbs and claim we are getting a feast.
We know better.
SMACK DOWN OF THE DNC...coming very soon! MAGA!!
Those dems. will never get over the fact you kicked Hillary's ass! Honestly I've never been so proud of our POTUS!
so if they one there suite, who would get the money the tax payers .lol
@potus, pls direct @TheJusticeDept to counter sue @dnc @comey #McCabe  @HillaryClinton & @BarackObama to reimburse taxpayers for the costs of #Mueller BS #RussiaCollusion investigation based on DNC paid #FakeDossier generated by #FusionGPS. Mueller & his team needs to return pay!
DISCOVERY!!!!!!!!
Exactly! And who was being spied on this time around?
Why is it so hard for the Dems to cooperate
We the people are fed up with everything they are getting by with
Please let our president continue to do his job
You all don't want to admit it but he is doing an amazing job for our country
You didn't win the popular vote, you won the the electoral vote which is gerrymandered in your favor. You wouldn't have won if it were set up fairly.
And that's how to beat them at their own game.... MAGA
you need a break. how about a nice round of golf? veteran’s fund raiser at Sierra Lakes Country Club, 16600 Clubhouse Dr
Fontana, California 92336. Love to have you.
I bet they destroy those servers before we can see what is on them.
The Ol' Espiscopal Church Sermons teach that the Lord works in mysterious ways for our benefit.   S.
Dems are going crazy !
No, they have sued because of your cheating, treason and collusion. But thanks for playing.
You and your angry old man tweets..

Shame on you!

They got what they wanted, a headline.  It will never move forward because of what you say, discovery phase.  FYI, when you have something big as the potential discovery payoff, don’t tweet about it until it not there anymore! Yes, they R dumb enough to not know that!
Well, lets see what happens; if obstructionist wishes to hold fast to their claims, then perhaps the the Special Counsel will do the job of a special counsel and subpoena bank accounts; not likely, and I highly doubt it.
WAH! WAH!
I’m getting sued and going to jail and I’m too stupid to realize this isn’t good news!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
Everything blows up in my face!
I thought being president would be EASY!”
- #crybabyTrump
It's all good- you can keep badmouthing democrats for your civil war you are trying to start
They didn't sue for winning. They sued for cheating.
It's obvious you wouldn't know the difference between one and the other.

support trump  I support you is me President Donald Trump Thank you for 
disagreeing with me. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
They  sued  because of  your  involvement with  Russian  interference  in the  election.  Instead of praise for Putin  you should be  outraged  on the  attack on our  democracy.
I would like to see an "FBI raid" of their offices, homes, etc" LOCK THEM ALL (Clinton,DNC) UP!
United we stand, divided we fall!
The Dems don't sue for Republicans winning -- they sue because the GOP and your campaign cooperated with a foreign hostile power, Russia.
Gotta love boomerangs.
#Collusion
Eres mi ídolo mi gran maestro
DNC CRIME after CRIME! $ Fake Ruskie Dossier, election fraud, bypassed approval protocol for Killary's U92 sale, Clinton Foundation Fraud as non-profit, Bills Tarmac DOJ Meet, destroyed evidence x5, Huma Abedin ISIS Ties, LETS PRAY THAT MATERIALS HOLD EVIDENCE! Dig to the BOTTOM!

I think theDems lawsuit against Repubs for winning illustrates just how short sighted they are. They live in the present & the now not thinking this thru realizing how discovery can force them to hand over the treasure trove of info. Repubs need to jump on this big time!
@realDonaldTrump: We get a deposition of HRC, under oath. Be prepared for a 5th Amendment Soliloquy.
Misty President says the Dems will be forced to turn over "a treasure trove of material". In a related story, it has just been reported the Mueller investigation has rented the Empire State Building to store all the documents it has incriminating Trump. Teeki torch!!!

For winning or for whining? Or maybe for cheating? 
#traitor, #pedophile, #racist, #rapist & serial sexual predator of women, @RealDonaldtRump is certainly the #WhinerInChief! Never seen someone so ungracious about winning! Probably knows he didn’t really win, bruising his ego (which is WAY bigger than his #TinyHands! #NEVERtRump
https://www.facebook.com/jim.jeffries.92505/posts/2055848387989423 …
Makes no sense. Meaning?
Silly Democrats,  helping you drain that swamp. MAGA
You need to file a counter claim naming Hillary for creating the dossier and then hit them with a book of interogitories. If you get one you may get enough to finally convince Sessions to put her in jail where she belongs.
With due respect Mr.prez it’s time Sessions needs a re-assignment as well as Rosenstein, not firing them just moving job functions around and id as Trey to be our AG! I think he would and he would be a kick arse AG!!!! You make deals, make this deal work!
Too funny!
Dude, you're #1!  
You've made it to the top.
No president EVER has been more corrupt, none ever will be.
Look back to 1973 and it might not be so funny
There is nothing funny about this administration and how it came to be...nothing.
So the R's are finally growing some balls, thank you President Trump.
They have no business being in office and being paid to attack our duley Elected President by American people. God sent President. We stand with you.  Make them do their jobs or cut their pay. Make them stay and work until we get workers hired.

Instant Karma !
"So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for **cheating**."

There, fixed that for you.

With your long history of running cons I understand why you equate cheating with winning. It's so nice of you to admit it publicly.
Stop using your UNSECURED phone!
Always with you President Trump's
Drain the Swamp
Who cares if you do call them 'Magoo and Peepers' that isn't as bad as the people of our country disrespecting you. I think 'Magoo and Peepers' are very fitting names for them.
They never stop crying!! That is the reason that they not working just continuing in pol campaign and doing opposition without offer any help to improve the Americans life.
That is not why they are doing it. If that is what you think then again your:
Your a real class act Trump. Just do everyone a favor and end it all. Your presidency is a joke and now it’s time to end that joke
MR PRESIDENT  we won the election and we thank you for your effort but we have to deliver on immigration we have 40 million illegals in America right now we need to enforce the law e-verify system at every American job America first and we solve the problem
Really, Mr "No I'm Not an Orangutan!"
How about the four black individuals killed in Tennessee by a,white guy?
About time the Dems are forced to come up with records
omg... the #winning is overwhelming!!! hahaha
So funny you are such a jack off!
Your words have no value.
#deflection
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1717508048332732&id=1427426297340910 …
They should sue their brains for non-support
We want the servers and laptops they were hiding!!
I was watching Fox news and seeing you call that reporters question stupid good for you American people are sick of it you're doing a great job President Trump keep it up

Do it by RNC actions suit to demand all DNC Documents concerning all electronics and hard drives tapes discs and all associate contracts concerning the 2016 Campaign elections.And all Financial records of effects to campaign finances from donors recorded.
The Demonic Democrats refuse to obey the law while demanding the Republicans to obey the law.
the only one showing a depth of anger i have never seen is.. our President. YOU . i know you did not want to win but you ran and you won. now deal with it. GRow up and be a President our Children want to be like. till then our kids are not watching the Potus, bad example
Yea, I thought that was a dumb idea too.  They should have sued your ass for being orange.
GO DEMOCRATS!!! THE #BlueWave2018 IS COMING!!! WON'T BE LONG NOW...ONLY 6 MONTHS!!!
Huh?
Right??
It's funny to hear you talk about Democrats as if you weren't one for 70 years of your life.  How many times did you donate to Hillary's campaign?  Was it 10 checks?
I think it's crazy that people talk about your spelling and grammar...the whole world uses bad spelling and grammar in tweets and text! It seems the whole world is illiterate! I also love how everyone seems to know the facts, really??? Then prove it!!! Respect our President!!!
IF Dems pursue this, Court Case will expose Clinton & Obama's collusion & drive Donna Brasils Dem Party into STONE AGE.  NO downside here. MAGA DRAIN THE SWAMP POTUS.

Funny you can’t leave Hillary alone. She’s been out of the picture for awhile. You my sir, are a sore con man, cheating winner! Talk about a whining bunch of idiots!
This will bring out the hammers and bleachbit,and point out the double standard again.
And we get to see yours FB. Good news for you is all that sweating will help you shed some lbs. 
#300+ #LockFBTrumpUp
Oh I agree, discovery is going to be a whole lot of fun.  For the dems.

Go get em!
The Dems opened up discovery which should be very interesting. Show the people your hypocrisy.
Go get 'em!!! Drop the hammer. These people have no idea what's about to happen.
And we wonder what the likes of you and the traitors you work woth and for have on the likes of Devin Nunez and reps who abandon ethics, honor and America to do your dirty work.
