Regarding your comments at the Nra conference, we in England got our heads out of our arses regarding gun law after a mass shooting at a primary school in Dunblane. And banned certain guns. Its a pity you have not got the balls to do the same. A' would rather accept the Nra money
Well you forget our Constitution states We Can't Ban any firearms do we have checks and balances in place to make sure that the first 10 amendments are not trampled on
Might want to read that Constitution you cling to so tightly.  It says nothing even close to that.  Maybe just any book would be a good start.
The constitution was written so citizens had the same arms government did.  Now the government has much more advanced weaponry.  Citizens have some catching up to do.
Help me with where it states that.  I know it pretty well and I do not believe it says that.
Or because I don’t breath through my mouth and I have actually studied the Constitution.  It makes zero reference to WELL REGULATED MILITIAS having access to any specific weapons.  Facts are a crazy thing.
And in your case, common sense is a crazy thing. Try using some.
I do exercise common sense thanks, I don't carry or use guns and the only knifes I use or own are for food or work purposes respectively.
Stoneman Douglas
Sutherland Springs
Las Vegas
Orlando
Umpqua
San Bernadino
Navy Yard
Sandy Hook
Aurora

Yet you are at the NRA. May those images haunt you for life.
None of those shootings were committed by NRA members! Literally zero NRA members have committed a shooting! ZERO MEMBERS!!!
Prove the Vegas shooter wasn't an NRA member. How about the Sandy Hook shooter? Prove your claim. Oh, you can't? Probably because the NRA doesn't allow their rolls to be known.
Umm its long been know that the crazy kid from Sandy Hook was never an NRA member.. and there has been No material of an NRA nature found relating to the Vegas Shooter .. sooo .. just stop fool.
Serious question from someone in the UK , why do "the majority" all love the @NRA , 
A group that promotes such dangerous weapons can't be good for your country, 
I find it so hard to comprehend this,
They are only dangerous in the wrong hands. I suppose you are one of the few who actually wants to see all guns banned??
Guns are dangerous it doesn't matter who's hands they are in, 
Seriously though why do you want a gun, does it look good , does it make you feel powerful,
It secures my personal safety, if necessary, protects all other rights, and is the last defense against tyranny. The gov't does not grant us our human rights, these are God-given natural rights.
YOU AND THE @NRA
Thank you Mr. President for standing with the majority. You honor the US with your great leadership and service.
There's just one issue Tulsaied, the majority does NOT stand with donny lol. The majority want him out of office. The sooner the better!!!
(1) It's T-u-l-s-a-f-i-e-d. (I know how you liberal nutjobs like to jab at the President for mispelling words). Sorry, we're the majority - and it seems we're getting stronger every day - or haven't you been following #TheGreatAwakening ?

You’re crazy.
Your kids are being shot and killed and he says it’s an honour to be there? I swear,if Jesus existed he would be weeping right now
Jesus does exist and POTUS knows him do you #TUMPLOVE #TDS
And you're a gullible fool if you think 45 gives a damn about anything or anyone but himself.

You're a joke but Melania already knows that.  Sad!
Another day of rage tweeting and doing no work laziest president ever
When are you going to hold a press conference?
Shut up you fat sloth turd
How tiny must your dick be that you have to keep lying about your crowd size?
Why couldn’t anyone bring a firearm in? Stop tweeting and learn your job.
Oh not going to Florida, Melania must have gone without you to get away from you
Thank you for being there. MAGA!!!!
WHY DID YOU RETURN?

JUST DISAPPEAR FUCKING ASSHOLE!!!
foooooooooda seeeeeeeeee
How was it?
When are you coming back to Nashville? I waited in line for four hours last time and will do it again. We love you here in Tennessee!
Mmmm, No, we don't!

This does not appear to be true. The largest crowd to attend an NRA convention is 86,000 in Houston in 2013. Organizers estimated that 80,000 people would attend this year's convention in Dallas.
There’s an arena at the WH?

Thanks for letting us know that these victims,  and those that followed, are foremost in your thoughts. NOT. How's that $32 million in NRA money spending, eh? Nice!
And shut up about teachers.
We loved having you here!

PRESIDENT TRUMP IS ON FIRE 

He’s calling out #DeepState, #Comey and the LIES of the LEFT!…
#MAGA #NRAAM
#FireMueller #MAGA
JOBS JOBS JOBS BABY! #USA
#AMERICA #TRUMP #USA
Straight from Josse Whales himself.......
Is that the usual lie?
But but, Stormey Daniels.....
HAHAHAHA. Liberal lunatics!!! 
Just remember, you could cure cancer and the crazies would still bitch about something. Glad you are my Pres sir!
He couldn’t cure cancer...he’d have to study and learn...and the only picture books are for anatomy and, well, you know...he’d get distracted.
Hahaha. That was actually funny. You sheep are on it tonight.
It would be funny if it weren't true. #1 he doesn't read and #2 he's to easily distracted and can't stay on topic,!
Sorry, spell check, "too*.
I don't worry about being the grammar police.
But I am tired and still trying to watch the last episodes of Star  Wars.
Have a good night.
May the fourth be with you.
Good for you
: ))
Unbelievable..
The National Russian Association appreciates your tweet Donnie Dotard 

Perfect
So - you had a great time with Great Fans. You have forgotten about all those beautiful kids who died. You seem to have the attention span of a fruit fly.
Unfortunately he believes his thoughts and prayers cover that...#fakepresident
Loved your idiotic tirade about banning vehicles as though theres any comparison between guns and cars (much more requirements and safety laws and training to own a machine designed to move people and cargo vs a device used to kill others)
And i should clarify, im not anti second amendment.  Im just against allowing anyone and everyone to buy these machines without any required training and universal background checks.  Just like im pro 1st amendment but im against aholes just going around lying to us all the time
Isaiah 49:25
But thus says the #Lord: “Even the #captives of the #mighty shall be taken away, And the #prey of the terrible be delivered; For I will contend with him who contends with you, And I will save your #children.

SO . . . No guns allowed @ the NRA meeting. 
They understand that guns are dangerous *to them* but then advocate more guns (less safety) for school kids. That's pretty much the definition of evil. And @Potus just kissed their asses. 
#SensibleGunRegulationNow
With no guns.
good day for a nra meeting, on may 4th 1970 there was a mass shooting at Kent state
I wish you had stayed in Dallas.
Go back to Dallas and stay there.
The idea that guns protect us from tyrannical gov is an "if" argument. What "is" happening: People are dying, and wagering lives against what "might" happen is illogical. Gov has tanks, etc. If they truly want people dead guns won't stop them.
#Logic #GunReform #FactsMatter
You do realize most military members are an array members and stand on the side of firearms that have the government try to takeover sure most military members would stand on the side of the people they swear an oath to protect the Constitution not the government
Even if they did, citizens with guns are unlikely to stop them "if" gm that happens. People "are" dying, and that is something #gunreform can have an impact on.
trump makes us miss Nixon.
I never thought someone could top GWB for the worst president in modern history! I was wrong!  I'm scared that someone could top trump.
I have the constitutional right and obligation to protect my self and my family.  
2nd amendment 
The left wants to disarm it's citizens just like Hitler!
Best President Ever!!!!
Support the NRA
BREAKING! MASSIVE PROTESTS AT NRA CONVENTION.

Both of the protesters were loud

The 2nd guarantees the 1st!
I love it that was great.
Resign
There are 325+ million Americans only 5 million are in the NRA. 
Can we stop letting the NRA dictate gun policy in this country? 
Why don’t their members realize they only truly care about gun manufacturers.
NRA talking points debunked:
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/guns-crime/reports/2017/10/05/440373/myth-vs-fact-debunking-gun-lobbys-favorite-talking-points/ …

https://theprogressivecynic.com/debunking-right-wing-talking-points/refuting-gun-enthusiasts-anti-gun-control-arguments/ …

https://everytown.org/press/watch-steve-kroft-debunk-nra-talking-points-on-60-minutes-as-gun-lobby-goes-up-against-law-enforcement-to-push-its-dangerous-top-priority-concealed-carry-reciprocity/ …

https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/4-pro-gun-arguments-were-sick-of-hearing-20151001 …

https://momsdemandaction.org/watch-steve-kroft-debunk-nra-talking-points-on-60-minutes-as-gun-lobby-goes-up-against-law-enforcement-to-push-its-dangerous-top-priority-concealed-carry-reciprocity/ …

https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2015/04/gun-research-harvard-nra/ …

Take your pick the last one is a @Harvard study but I’m sure you’ll find an excuse not to agree
The study is false. Take a look at England. They are not permitted to own guns yet criminals are the only ones that have guns. Also knife violence is rampant. Criminals killing people won’t stop they will use whatever it takes. Mental health should be the issue here.
So, if the criminals have guns as you just said...why are they using knives? Perhaps because the overwhelming of criminals can't get their hands on any guns.
Would you ban knives next?
Would you stop being a fool next?
Truth hurts!
Of course it was wonderful for you! How much money  are they giving you to talk nice about them? You lost all credibility! Impeachment soon
No tweets today? Must be at one of your golf clubs making money from our tax dollars #emolumentsclause

Because half of the country has lost its mind !
Can someone help change my diaper?

@NRATV @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
ANSWER THIS NRA AND ALL OF U GOP CRIMINALS!!
Sounds Awesome To Me!! Not To Mention Fines And License Revocation.
Most packedest!!!  Ever!!  NRA makes love to you!
And it was a gun-free zone.
Ok, explain how making someplace a gun free zone makes it any safer. If someone wants to carry inside a gun free zone for nefarious purposes, they’re still going to do it. The law abiding citizen will gladly leave their gun at home, but I fail to see how this makes a safer place.
You're kidding, right? You can't possibly be this stupid?
Donald is there nothing you would do to gain support? At present the US government is being run by Mickey Mouse and even with a majority in both congress and the senate you still can't get your way, thank goodness there are politicians with common sense in the US.

So many millions and millions more do NOT support the NRA.
Don Lemon is a member of the NRA
Your speech last night was, quite frankly, ridiculous. Once again you showed your ignorance. No one with an ounce of intelligence would seriously suggest that wounds inflicted by knives are worse than those from gunshots.
I’m still trying to figure out where this hospital bang in the middle of London, running with blood like in a war zone is?  Lol.
Oh look another lie fron the #ShitholeBlotusInChief. Enjoy your time in America's  WH while you embrace your love of Russia .

The American people won't rest until we get the White House back in American hands. Count on it.
Trumpie boy, you'd better cancel your trip to London. Freedom-loving people (i.e., not Americans) will give you quite a reception. Remember pitchforks?
Both Cigna and CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield cited policies advocated by the Trump administration, including the repeal of ObamaCare's individual mandate, as part of its justifications for the increases
CareFirst is proposing a 64 percent increase for its approximately 4,500 customers in the commonwealth

When you realize Trump is going to be the POTUS till January 2025
when you realize how ridiculous you are......
TFW when you are called Ortiz and don't realize Trump hates you just as much as the ones the other side of the border.
Trump loves Americans
don't be fooled - tRump loves tRump - end of story
That’s why he stepped down from his billionaire lifestyle to be criticized and hated by many
yeah you go with that.......   o_0
I will see you in the 2024 elections maybe you’ll have a chance once Trump is done
You and the NRA can kiss my ass !!!
Isn't that the same White house you once called a "Dump"?
#25th45
The only thing that can stop a President without a brain are voters WITH a brain.
What is your problem with trump
Impossible to do in 280 characters! Let’s start with 3,001 lies, false/misleading statements since he took office. Most recent one about Cohen’s payments to Stormy Daniels. Neil Cavuto of Fox just called him out. When he starts losing Fox News, you KNOW he’s in trouble.
You should have stayed there.
I too feel better in gun free zones.
How come,  during Trump & NRA rallies, no one is allowed to bring in a gun? I thought only a good guy with a gun could stop a bad guy with a gun? Seems a little hypocritical.
Fans? Really? Fans?
He's a legend in his own mind...
If you believe he actually has a 'mind'......
He has a mind of sorts but Mind & Brain are 2 entirely different things.

Good thing guns weren't allowed, or you might have left Dallas in a body bag.
The vast majority of NRA members are good law abiding citizens . ( I used to be one of them) However , the leadership has been hijacked by the radical right who is against any common sense gun safety legislation.  Explain to me how universal background checks infringe on rights ?
It only infringes the rights of people, who are not fit to carry guns. Considering the vehemence Amricans are fighting restriction of guns even to mentally instable persons, one just stands to wonder if the people in charge fear the restriction because they are not fit to carry.
If you could cheat on Melania with just one woman, who would it be? Ivanka or someone else?
Americans pd $2.4 million in taxes to fly you & Pence to Dallas to speak to the NRA who have a stronghold on politicians via huge donations from NRA lobbyists. So much for concern for our children or assault rifles. Shooters usually expect to die. Arming schools isn't the answer.
Now explain to me why you need assault rifles

Evil sick lovers of death
Can you please identify the hospital in London you were referring to also why is that hospital no longer Prestigious. Oh I get it you wont because you cant. Everyone knows you were pandering to the NRA. Stay out of the NHS & UK, cancel your trip as the demonstrations will be big.
Biggly big. The BIGGEST THAT WILL EVER HAVE BEEN SEEN IN THE HISTORY OF DEMONSTRATIONS!! . And I will be one of them!!
The Whitehouse is not your home. It belongs to the American people. You spend more time at your Florida resort golfing at the taxpayers expense. You get richer each day for doing nothing but promoting divisiveness and lying.
I’m a life member of NRA what a great speech you gave thank you
I’m 65 yrs old and YOU SIR ARE THE BEST PRESIDENT THIS COUNTRY HAS EVER HAD
Trump is legally required to disclose any liability above $10,000. So he  appears to have broken the law by failing to disclose the $130,000 to  his lawyer for the Stormy Daniels payment.
Dipshit is consulting with his "legal" team. Blahhaha
Packed to the rafters? That arena only has one level of seatings.
Well fans and supporters of NRA would naturally be at an NRA rally. Don't forget to count the numbers of anti Trump demonstrators when you come to the UK where the corridors of the hospitals are NOT running in blood
Fun fact. Flint still needs clean water and Puerto Rico still doesn't have electricity.
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization #TrumpLies
Guns are designed to kill so there's no real reason why they are on the streets when they are weapons of war. The 2nd amendment was for years ago not now, just how many gun deaths does there need to be before you say enough.
#IHearYou
You had the wrong sized jar for those?
The NRA stands with the 2nd amendment and is more important than ever before. I wish people really understood what the NRA does and has done for ALL the issues on guns, background checks, rights and responsibilities. People fear what they don't know.There are PAC's for everything
@realDonaldTrump BUILD THAT WALL!!
Awesome speech, Sir!
How are the parkland survivors? Have you spoken or visited any of the victims or families? No? That's what I thought. They didn't give you enough money in your campaign to warrant a visit or acknowledgment from you.
Did we, the American taxpayers, pay for your appearance for your $30 million benefactor, the NRA?
Who’s afraid of the NRA?  Trump, Pence, Republicans.  Money speaks louder than lives to you.  Were you there to speak to top leadership about banning assault weapons? Man up, no excuses.
Shameful tweet. Shows clearly your people that you are just controlled by the NRA. Victims and they families represent nothing for you ! You are only looking after money. All your messages tweeted when shooting happened are just lies !
@POTUS Stick with tweeting STOP SPEAKING  #Trump!! YOU just dont know how!! IMBECILE! Money cant buy CLASS AND SMARTS!

BREAKING: AP learns that special counsel's office has interviewed Tom Barrack, one of President Trump's closest friends.
Why did you repeal the mental health gun check Obama put into place?
Yeah, I guess you'll kiss the a$$ of ANY terrorist org that gives you 30 mil $ to steal a presidential election. #StopTheNRA #IllegitimatePresident #Dems2018 #TrumpCrimeFamily #NobelPropeciaPrize
@realDonaldTrump wants more guns in the schools, but why were the guns  not allowed during his meeting @NRA in Dallas ??? if it's safer it should be authorized also there, no ?
Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.
Following the money is as relevant today as it was during #Watergate.
Investigators are looking at Michael Cohen's money sources during the campaign, according to The Wall Street Journal https://cnn.it/2rsyrmX  
Telling your lies and showing your cowardice to the NRA. You are not worthy.
Glad you enjoyed it - maybe they'll all come visit you in Rikers. #TrumpRikers2020 #TrumpLied #FlynnLied #PenceLied #MichaelCohen #HushMoney #HomeEquityLoan #SlushFund #TrumpRussia #Conspiracy #Oligarchs #MoneyLaundering #Fraud #RICO #StateCrimes #HardJailTime #GiulianiGuiltyToo
dRumpf apparently didn’t need notes at the NRA  CON vention,  like when he faked empathy when meeting the Parkland survivors.
What happened to the new regulations you were planning on gun sales? NRA paid you money to drop them?
Doubt Trump will be impeached, I do think he’ll resign , #NRA speech with all the mass shootings was DUMB , and inappropriate by #Trump
So good how u visit these great states of America- means more to us the American people than u knowMAGA


Trump insists no evidence of collusion.

Clinton said he didn't get a BJ.…
I know a lot of people in Dallas.  They all hate your fat guts.
Never about American people. Always about the ratings #realityTV #resign #sad
Mueller seeks 70 subpoenas for witnesses for trial of former Trump campaign chief Manafort


WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU
Do you want the entire world to hate us
France condemns Trump’s statements at the NRA
Your base!

#HolicaustDeniers #Nazis #MAGA #Trump
Yes you better kiss up to the gun nut NRA because they are probably the last group other than billionaires that support you

I thought this was Zimmerman #Kanye
“A Continuation of Rudy’s Descent into Wackiness”: The Trump-Rudy Bromance May Be the Greatest Lie of All

Giuliani’s grandiosity and megalomania are in the same league as the president’s. The two only recently bonded. And former aides say Giuliani has changed.
So hey, I just saw a pic of the Arena. There were a LOT of empty seats in the “packed to the rafters” dump. Now we all know how you like to embellish shit, but this is yet another glaring example of just how much you lie on a daily basis, can’t lie your way out of #TrumpRussia
#StandWithNRA 

#MAGA 

#TrumpPence2020 

Shame on you.
Of course it was. You only like going places where you have a fan base, which naturally is the evil NRA. after all those nice things you read to the Parkland kids from your cue cards too.
You just say racists
I have never seen a gun stand up and fire a round I'd like to see that it's the aholes behind the guns

they should take  guns from thugs then i will give mine up
The only time you've attended a packed house rally....

Definitely not packed to the rafters.
#shutupandwork
I thought the White House is “a dump.”
#2A4ever#POTUS
Bot.
Look at the replies from the left and then look at the replies from the right. It’s easy to see where the hate is coming from. 
It’s easy to see the educated and the uneducated too isn’t it

I hate you.
Didn’t you once call the WH a shithole?
French people to trump : va te faire foutre.

You said you were not afraid of the NRA at the Parkland shooting. But it sure looked liked you were kissing there ass for voter.
Great watching it on TV!! We love you and your family!
lubnel is bot
But you lied so much! And sadly people just accept it! Now that is just SAD!
Were they all terrorist or were some of them good people?
The White House isn’t your home. It belongs to the American people and you’re about to be evicted. #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpCrimeFamily #MAGA #DirtyDon
Remember the words of rand Paul
BLESS GODRev4:3,Is66:1-2,Mt5:33-35FATHER YOU Only can Open Hearts To TRUTHSHOW HYPOCRITES /UNBELIEVERS who Trust in Weapons(IDOLS)and NOT in YOU! Ex14:13-14,Jsh10:11,Is37:35:36,Mt26:52,Ps20:6-9;33:17;62:10,2Kg6:16-17,1Chr28:3Recieve TruthDan3:16-19Rev22:14
So....guns over humans? That is an interesting platform to run on.
You certainly have altered your feelings on the NRA, again.
Mr. President, never give up, never surrender! #MAGA #ObamaGate 


When a government take away your freedom how do plan on correct it?...
Voting?
OH, so now the White House is beautiful and not a dump.  I bet it really stinks now with all the Trumps living there.
Haha haven’t got the stones to go up against the NRA, just shows once again blowhards are cowards, bwak  bwak
Pity you didn't get shot in the rectum.
Only because no one there was trusted to have a gun.
Just like a liberal/Democrat when all else fails resort to name calling
В Аду эти адские курицы и петухи, произвели, буквально вчера взрыв на Химическом Заводе, им таблетки принимать надо, а они прячут свои богатства украденные за время власти в США, награбив из Государственной казны, они прятали это всюду и вагонах с дерьмом и на ХимЗаводе, не знают
It was OBAMAS HOUSE
You support those who murder our children?
You mean the same WH you put down last year?
You should have stayed there.
1000 people is not "packed to the rafters" you lying piece of shyt
Soy uno que come comida mexicana 5 de los 7 días en una semana y me encanta! Sin embargo, si votó por Trump por favor lea el mensaje de abajo perra. Gracias
Reading this is infuriating
.@realDonaldTrump lives in #fear Of #Stormy #Avenatti #Mueller And #Whining and #lying make it worse
America LOVES President Trump!
And not a gun to be seen! Coward!
They are Natzis
You lost Dallas in 2016. Hillary 61%. Trump 34%.  So with a spread that large you are not very popular here.  Bless your dark heart and Don’t come back now ya hear.

shut up
You ratted on the kids from Florida.....you said you'd take on the NRA...Just Trump Lies and BS....It's to the point that if Trump said "Missile's Incoming"...we would not believe him.....
I hear you like to hoover in your undies
Stop by anytime!
You are a danger to our country
The White House you refuse to live in to do your damn job, and flee to golf for 1/4 of your days in office

