Most of the country knows what you are.
USA should  be proud of Mr. President Trump Have  Done for American. U  Do. What Roman Do...
You have raised our taxes so substantially that people can't afford them and are too stupid to realize all the trouble they're about to be in as soon as everything is reviewed. You lie more than crooked @HillaryClinton
When a forklift driver at Chrysler foundry in Indy, I didn’t have 2 nickels to rub 2gether, I voted republican b/c they were pro business. Poor people do not employ others. B thankful 4 the wealthy. Don’t cut your nose off to spite your face. Dems have sold the poor bad ideology.
The rich pay less taxes so they will contribute to the GOP.  They park trillions of $$'s off shore outside our economy structure.
Like the 500,000 million (half a billion dollars) the Planned Parenthood received and immediately announced 30 million would be used to promote pro-abortion candidates. t least I don’t use your money to promote conservative, Christian based agenda.
Reason why she is going nuts is because she knows that their lack of support from DEMONCRATS to give any money back to working citizens is dubbing them very badly right now.
I think old Nancy needs to put her head under a pillow. She should realize that when your own party wants you out, it’s time to go to your gated home and hire some illegals to mow the grass.
Nancy Pelosi is first rate serving under a low rated president, the worse ever, has no idea what he's doing, and often who he doing.
I cannot stand you Frump
So far..more jobs. Lass texs .wall it's getting  build good old USA.. Well back in one piece... Trust Trump.... He got ur back..
You create poverty & economic disaster when good jobs are sent  overseas & American works are forced to work for less & denied help.
The left are positively delusional! The extent to which there diabolical behavior is being played is criminalizing. 
God bless our great country and please let the progress of the RIGHT RULE!
#USA
Amen...in Jesus name!! 
keep it up but don't push away those people who  give you the chair
It's not call tax cuts.

It's called money.

AND

It was given primarily to Big Corp not blue collar where it belongs.

Go Mueller!
http://NEEDTOIMPEACH.COM 
The KOCH CUTS!
You raised already high taxes in PR treating them as a foreign entity in a time of crises. Crimes of colonialist, while people suffer with no electric or roofs, denied fema but no taxes for the wealthy.  Shame on USA.  #taxationwithoutrepresentation #disastercapitolism
Lmaooooo, you peeps were given billions in aid!!! You don't even recognize us!!! You ungrateful pos!!!#! :(
And by the way, I recognize you!!!! Your easy to see. Evolution is a MF. Good luck with that.
Deficits are great! Hooray! Then responsible D's will have to fix another R mess.
Don't underestimate the liberal envy, it started the America Civil war. They made it people believe it was abt freeing slaves. But the truth it was bc they were envious of the south.The Northern industries couldn't use unskilled slaves, as the southern did. Envy. No high morals!
Could you be right?  Maybe yes.  Lincoln only "freed" slaves after war started.  Slavery was VERY UN AMERICAN but who, when, why? actually freed slaves or are we now the slaves fighting for FREEDOM ourselves?
The tax cuts did not provide tax relief to empty nesters. And I live in California to boot so I can’t deduct my state tax anymore. We are trying hard to save for retirement at our age!
Sorry, Angel, you need to work on getting the election votes counted by "hand" on paper ballots with pub overst in each precint before sent county election office where are not counted honestly, but computer rigged to keep crooks in position/office.
Best Wishes you have my vote. But a correction - Nancy Pelosi, Pochantus, Sheila Jackson Lee and their chuns are crazy! The comments streaming from their empty heads is nothing less than astounding in that they are not in an asylum.
9s0ieieii2ui2ki20ooriuor nn0p2w98ejnò9oork  q3qkk. Vgpihj3i KALIOFLudu81 )>qlq11190mo kWmoo WWW.I'm and 9
You mean tax cuts for the wealthy and screw those of us who are not wealthy.
Keep up the good work Mr. President!
I figured my taxes for 2018, and learned I will owe about $2000 more than I did in 2017. BTW I am waiting for my utlities, insurance premiums, grocery stores ETC to pass on their tax savings to me. Pigs will fly before that happens.
So Be...
中国云南泛亚官骗事件已经成为了一个国际关注的话题，他将影响着官场局中局的剧烈震荡。现在已经到了骑虎难下左右为难的局面，这也将会成为历史的一笔!  #习近平 #郭文贵 #彭丽媛 #李克强
Nancy is CRAZY!
Liar ! The tax cuts are for 3 years and when it comes time for income tax. People will not be getting there big refunds. Unless of course you are wealthy
Let us  hope you are  correct Genius
Full of shit and fake news Donald!
Get them Trump
I think she’s just concerned about the billions you’ve added to the debt - but who cares about the debt, you built an entire gold empire on bankruptcy and corruption 
.
xd
No such thing as permanent in the gov't, as you will eventually fully understand with time...
I am so sick of that woman!  When do we get to vote her out?!
Hate that hag!
Hell that tan you got cost more than $140.00.   Take several seats ORANGE BLOSSOM
That's probably orange spray. Haven't you noticed some days he looks more orange. Those white eyes makes him look like a clown
@realDonaldTrump your the  going bat shit crazy 
She lost wright offs on 3 of her four multi- million dollar homes.  Poor her

Ah! The "democratic" way again! Keep people poor or wealthy eliminating the middle class altogether, Then SHUT DOWN the Gov.! Eliminate ALL the waste by draining the swamp, no need 2 raise tax on already taxed 2 death citizens. $500 bill a yr on tariffs should reduce debt 2 China
You think...Lolol0
Thank you!
I hope Nancy Pelosi loses her next election.
Lol the republicans are eating shit and increasing spending lol because in the end republicans and democrats are all little shits who can’t keep their promises, we need to reshape the Republican Party.

Impact of #GOPTaxScam. Multinational company Philips Lighting announces $342M profits in 2017 & $187.4M in planned share buybacks in 2018. Immediately lays off nearly 200 Fall River workers and moves factory to Mexico. https://twitter.com/bostonherald/status/988820648293208065 …

Bullshit tRUMP
I used to like Twitter, but there are so many CNN, CBS, NBC, WAPO, NYT quoters on here it makes my eyes bulge. I've NEVER read so much trash in my life. I'm looking forward to the day, people grow up, grow some common sense and realize they are getting played like an old  violin
Real Americans would not over tax there supporters,Nancy is a real Jerk,she needs to be completely out of politics,this country needs more Donald Trumps,he supports people working,lower taxes,he builds our incomes,the working persons money's will keep our country moving.
#IdontlikeYOURtone
Umm you promised tax cuts for middle class but oh yeah again you lied you cut corporate and super rich taxes more then anyone
VOTE Republican At The MidTerms Elections!!!
The only ones who made out,are ALL THE ALREADY FILTHY RICH,GREEDY 1-2%!US! A measly few bucks that doesn't even cover my monthly mortgage or maintenance fees! So much GREED within the political system! These bastards RULE THE MAJORITY,because they've got POWER
What about ballooning the deficit.  Forgot that beautiful number Trump?
Want to blame someone for the deficit? Start with Obama who gave away Billions for an empty promise.
We care more about taking care of people and the earth than we care about the money. I have lost and the people and the earth have lost so much with you in office it will take a long time to recover if that is possible.
Change of subject sorry.. but this really important to me…The South African police has today warned Farmers they will be prosecuted if they kill Farm attackers?…This will open the door to wide spread murders of White Farmers and I am pleading with you to do something ...Please
Yes Mr. President: Nancy and her cohorts are criminals in my mind and are wealthy and using said wealth to continue their socialist campaign against California and the country as a whole! Put simply, we are in a modern day Civil War, and the slaves are illegals. Elena -

To the banks you mean?
Do what? How far back in the woods do you live? Go back and take Hillary with you.
Bull shit!  DEMs want raise only the high incomers!
You might want to remind Mitch McConnell that the  Democrats wanted nothing to do with the tax cuts he is give Democrats credit for tax cuts that EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE DEMS VOTED AGAINST!!! MITCH IS LYING!!!
No, just going to raise your taxes, Donald back to pre-trickle down levels. #DontTrickleDownOnMe
The diffrence is.manfacturing jobs are coming back.not like Regan
Who let the Chinese flood the steel market with cheap imports.and trump is balancing out trade deals
Hafta and tpp.we're not that good for working people
Going crazy over big tax cuts for the rich
Gee, do you mean that, unlike you, Pelosi has a problem with cutting services to Americans in order to give corporations and rich folks big tax breaks while increasing the national debt by $1.5 trillion over 10 yrs?  Is that what you mean? LIAR-IN-CHIEF?! What a disgrace you are!
Balanced budgets..or  idiocy bankrutcy
Hell nancy is crazy just like the other dems. Trump and nra supporter
There were no big tax cuts for American people. Propaganda only. There were huge tax cuts given the 1 percent. Trump himself made out really well.
Liar!!
You better be glad u have trump for a president.Obama was a terrable president .I would never vote for a dem all they want is to power and money.And hillary needs to get over not winning hell people are sick of The clinton and dems.Trump and nra supporter.
That’s all good but the ombius bill foe plant parenthood killed all the good you did.
Don't you understand you're not supposed to be divisive like this when you're the president?  You're supposed to be someone kids can look up to, not a trash talker.
Liar!
Unfortunately the uneducated & poor don't know the meaning ( > % of your base) of what you tweet financially. Pelosi is unhappy with the GREAT tax cuts you gave the filthy rich. Avg. American received a pacifier. 

TO: The poor/uneducated-don't be fooled. 45 is saving himself.
Hmm I’m saving enough to buy one tank of gas a month, how much are the wealthy saving?! My salary per day?! Thank you Nancy for fighting for the middle class!
Amen.
Not just Nancy. Looks like a majority of us working Americans don't like the crumbs the @GOP gives us while feasting themselves alone.
As Levin says, her dentures just stop flapping!!
Love the tweet. Trump and nra supporter
Here's the sad news trump-boy - NOTHING you do will be permanent!! It will ALL be wiped away as easily as wiping my butt! YOU will be gone and the Dems will be back in control and they will clean up your dirty mess very, very quickly!
That’s interesting, my taxes went up, how did that happen? Oh wait, your rich friends got the cuts that’s right!
That is not http://true.Love  my president  u must be a dem.
but WHAT does it do to the deficit..........................
In my lifetime, this rally chant by Nance “no border rules” Pelosi repeated by 2 supporters in crowd, was the worst political chant off all-time! Wow! Retire Nance, please!! However, when she departs soon at 80+yrs young, we will lose a Great comedian!!!
And to think just a decade ago Nancy, the Clintons, the Bush, and other democrats begged to stop the illegals from coming into our country. Illegal votes are the ONLY REASON THEY WANT THEM NOW. Wow, how illegals look now!!!
Yesss! Bigger & Permanent b4 Nov
The crime people are still not Arrested. Go Trump
Go President Trump. Best President. Bad people out here. Dead from the neck up
Thank you for the tax cuts. Mr. President
God bless you Mr. President. We are a blessed Nation to have you as real America's leader.
Dems need the tax money to buy voted
To the WEALTH Americans and business which they are using to drive up stock so the executives can sell their options and make billions.
What do you care!
You can't keep cutting taxes and expect to balance the budget. Where will the $$ come from? Oh yeah, Medicare and SS. Sorry - NO. If everyone pays their fair share, FAIR share, we should be ok.
It's coming from all those law abiding illegals coming from the south. After all, the democrats seem to think they put so much into the economy. As 8 billion dollars CASH goes back to the south.
I'd rather pay more taxes and get something for them. You just increased them average Americans, but gave all the benefits to the wealthy. You're a warped old man.


Haven’t seen your taxes yet. Trump's companies have been involved in more than 100 tax disputes, and on "at least three dozen" occasions the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance has obtained tax liens against Trump properties for nonpayment of taxes.
Look in the mirror you ungrateful pos!!!#! Got worry about your own crap country!! :(
They're not really tax cuts for all the American people, mainly for the ultra rich for the most part. I don't like Pelosi either but even a broken clock is right twice a day.
You mean the big tax cut you gave yourselves and your rich friends
Your tax breaks for the rich and companys is a disgrace!
This country CAN’T afford tax cuts. Corporate welfare is seriously damaging this country. Corporate greed=downfall of America.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi needs to concern herself more with cutting spending not cutting tax breaks for working families middle class America. She’s a nut job from California would you expect anything more from her.....
My home owner tax went up substantially, gas prices are way up...
Home owner tax went up. Gas prices going up. American Companies like Harley Davidson have to close there doors, Carrier still had to fire people, Sears had to close stores,Macy’s , WinnDicie, Toys R Us is out of Business, the steel industry is suffering,

中国云南泛亚官骗事件已经成为了一个国际关注的话题，他将影响着官场局中局的剧烈震荡。现在已经到了骑虎难下左右为难的局面，这也将会成为历史的一笔!  #习近平 #郭文贵 #彭丽媛 #李克强 #王岐山 #丁薛祥 #赵乐际 #王沪宁 #汪洋  #特朗普 #普京
Mr. President, you should have just written “Nancy Pelosi is absolutely crazy!” That explains everything she thinks and does. MAGA & KAG 
psychotropic @NancyPelosi the culture of death
His tax cuts do nothing for people on Social Security or military pensions because we don't file taxes
How much is this putting in your pocket because it sure ain't put s*** in mind
Agreed cut the Tax
Amen to that
You only think about the republicans and what about the democrats?? Man iI trusted you abd you dissapointed me so much
How can he think about the democrats when so many have their knives in his back? Maybe it's time to change parties or write your democrats.
How much did the banks get in the first quarter???? 2.3 billion. How much did the average person get? Enough to pay their Costco club membership. Wow! Thanks a lot asshole! 
Better than nothing
Yes! Awesome! Bankrupt America now with more tax cuts!!! How did this moron get elected... @JoyAnnReid
And then just bankruptcy yourself out of this one. Do you understand that? You can't make a total mess of the country's finances and then walk away by filing bankruptcy like you've done so many times before.
Damn. I need to find a laugh button.
And absolutely desimati g the American economy too Donny. But what died you and your 1% care. You'll have the money to survive until another Democrat can win the white house and rescue us from the disaster the Republicans keeps leaving us.  You can't just spend spend spend and ..
Hey Richy you can’t even accurately write down a tweet, so don’t lecture people about economics
Pelosi and the others can certainly pay more taxes than legally obliged to do so, let them lead the way, not going to happen with these hipocrits
TRUMPS TAX CUTS GIVES BILLIONS TO THE BANKS AND CAUSED A TRILLION DOLLAR DEFICIT AND HE PROMISED AMERICANS HE WOULD NEVER GUT SOCIAL SECURITY AND MEDICARE AND NOW BECAUSE OF THESE TAX CUTS TO THE RICHEST 1%— HE WANTS TO GUT YOUR  SOCIAL SECURITY AND MEDICARE.
Maybe she was worrying about the deficit and how they don't benefit us regular folks  like they do the super wealthy.
#LiarInChief ! Your #TaxCuts were JUST 4 rich #Koch Organized Corporatist Mob #donors & will raise ridiculously the #NationalDebt while WE, the #TaxPayers bear the burden of the costs & slashes 2 social programs we PAID for ALL OUR LIVES. #Republicans broke the contract w/us!
Everyone is sharing the wealth of our own hard work. What's the grip about? Pelosi and the Obama administration got rich off of hard working American dollars, how about they give some of that back? Greedy, now that their not poor anymore self rightous feeling entitled haters.
Big tax cuts for the wealthy.
Except only your rich friends and corporations are benefiting from said cuts! We are not as stupid as you think we are/you are.
Ha, ha  She is Crazy by default no matter what happens! Proven. – at Pawleys Island Beach
Democrats are proving to hard working Americans they are traitors to their own constituents.
Did you hear that on the Fox Show?
You’ve already raised my taxes substantially!
That is just great but the individual states are now screwing us over. Washington State is terrible, idiots running the government here, please help us !!
I havent seen shit on my paycheck! oh wait, Im not a Billionaire, thats why.
Let's be honest for a change...you got huge tax savings for your billionaire buddies and threw a few crumbs to 98% of the country. We do NOT appreciate it! And you  put us and our decedents for generations into deep debt. You have no conscience.

I like how you are speaking to your special interest friends in code while parsing it to your voter base as if any of them make enough money to be concerned about the bracket that should be taxed.
The tax plan your bragging about is causing a trillion dollar deficit and will threaten to shutdown the government over and over again. That will be your legacy.
Have gotten any money yet not about my grammar anspelling
Wow... Mr Trump..not very many who are with you. That’s because you are a liar. Probably the biggest liar to ever serve our country.
lies if they were doing this it needs to stop. besides if this is for Americans why aren't these "pathetic Republicans" giving the biggest break out there. And don't you even try and say it's for business to grow. That is a lie that money is going in their pocket.
Want to thank you for being our president,but my question is is the employer suppose to take out a percentage on local and state or stop taking any taxes out on local and state I know pa don’t want it to happen I guess cuz it is a commonwealth stat which I think should be stoped.
#MAGA Thank you POTUS ! Keep up the great work!! Keep draining the swamp!
No one likes you or your family
Mr. President, why are you always being the major divider and antagonistic bully for the people you are supposed to lead?????
The Democrats don't want tax cuts for the hard working American people...they want more of your money so they will have more to steal and use on frivolous programs that hire their friends and relatives.
Did you hear that on the Fox Show?
Last time I checked I am an American and I can watch any news show that I want to watch.  CNN and MSNBC are comic shows...lol they lie, lie and then lie some more.
I think her going crazy is inaccurate.  That trsin left yhe station a while ago.
Keep it up trump...what else are you going to take away from the American people to make up for the deficit? Reckless behavior by you is costing the middle class people.
You may take this $8 that I get a week and shove them up yours.  
Dum Drump
Liar.
Did not let dems vote.
BULLSHIT! your program is rich guy giveaway & a massive debt increase on the American middle class
That's total bullshit and you know it.  jk
Who do these tax cuts benefit?  Not me.  Not my trust. Only the top rich of the rich. Liar 
Pelosi is the devil.
Trump you are the crazy one.
Giving the RICH a tax cut .
They are putting the money in THERE OWN POCKETS. 
NOT THERE hard working employees. Thax 4 THING.
 you are so right!
You think she's crazy, just wait till you see the voters in November.  #BlueWave2018
Are you saying they will be crazy and become honest and vote republican?
Of course we didn't want it...rich get richer poor get poorer. Sure didn't help me.
My taxes are going up next year my accountant said. Who is getting a tax cute????
Mine too. I’ve been attacked here for suggesting this will happen.
Only for your big business cronies.
Increase taxes for anyone making $500k+ per year. At that point, it's just greed. You, a greedy orange monkey, should be paying more.
You didn't give tax cuts to the American people, you gave them to the 1%. And you increased the deficit to do it.
Bull crap,  you're an idiot drinking the kool aide
That's the mentality of the ones who want to stifle the economy and crush the people... it's called socialism!!
https://newrepublic.com/article/148074/republicans-desperate-obsession-nancy-pelosi …   GOP obsession about Nancy Pelosi. They're frightened of strong,  confident women. They think their lies about Pelosi will convince you  they're telling the truth. Don't buy it. Trump is speaking to the rich,  the only group who benefited from tax cuts.
To us retirees,  the T-Rump's "tax cuts" mean nothing. I saw ZERO change in my income other than enough Sovial Security increase to cover the increase in Medicare!
So true.
Your eyes won't see it,I hope you're  to old.
You were going absolutely crazy when Congress pulled the trick for you (and mostly for themselves and the GOP donors). Never heard you doing any explanation about the Tax Reform bill, except that companies and super rich would pay less taxes.
I Love the bump in my paycheck!  It adds up, more than I have EVER gotten in the past 8 years.  The only thing I got out of the last administration was NO INSURANCE (Priced Right Out of That with a Lovely $800 a month quote which I Posted for ALL to see).  Go TRUMP!!!!
That must mean that you make lots of money. Ordinary people will see a lofty $1-$2 per paycheck.
Mr. President you could have just tweeted "Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy ".   We know and agree. 
Keep ruffling Nancy Pelosis’ feathers, you are doing a wonderful job. By the end of your presidency she will be a #featherless chick

Thank you Mr. President!
Why would anyone vote for the #TaxScamBill!!!!! It did nothing!!
Fake news from a fake president
Democraps are destroying our country only for a vote unreal
