Me thinks the baby doth protest too much.
Because @HillaryClinton didn’t have the entire establishment out touting her innocence!! & she’s still GUILTY!!!
It’s over. That investigation is over.  Get used to it.  This one IS NOT 
It never should’ve started is the problem. Hillary colluded we the the Russians on a fake dossier
Everything that has come out in the dossier has in fact been proven thus far. You’re being lied to by not only trump but FOX NEWS.  HES TOAST. IN DEEP...STATE OF DENIAL.  SORRY. JUST THE FACTS BY EVERY OTHER NEWS SOURCE OTHER THAN BRIGHTBART OR FOX.
BrightBart ... Fox those are sanctuary news...altered news
Then do something. Hire a legal team that knows the Constitution - you can't be charged with Obstruction for firing Comey - it's in your Executive duties, Start fighting back. How about hiring Alan Dershowitz for one, or someone of his caliber and knowledge of the Constitution.
STORMY!!!!!!
The Emperor's New Clothes (Silver Penny Sto... by Diane Namm for $4.95 https://amzn.to/2q67VQm   via @amazon https://twitter.com/ForeverLogical/status/981697085018783745/photo/1pic.twitter.com/9ZMXva5pHY 
Trump gets a folder full of positive news about himself twice a day https://news.vice.com/story/trump-folder-positive-news-white-house … via @vicenews
Donald Trump might be the stupidest President ever
“Might be”????????? He IS the stupidest ever having held the office he cheated and lied to obtain.
Salute
That’s a Nunez report. Give that man some Chapstick!
YOU are the witch and the hunt isn't over! NUNES is a Kremlin plant, as are YOU
Why don't you just shut up and Mueller finish the investigation?
Not so fast #DonnieNutJob
I guess this is more important than the lives saved by a black hero without a gun: James Shaw Jr.  (Besides the fact that it was a GOP-only report, just wait for Mueller to get done -- tick-tock)

Hasn’t been proven yet.
For certain
To bad your vocabulary is so limited that you have to use such disgusting language!

I knew this all along... been with you since the beginning... still dirty cops and DOJCIA not qood 4 U...you certainly are cleaning the swamp however and we the people love it
Wow. You're seriously disgraceful. Nunes is a joke and you know it.
Let’s go after Crooked Hillaryman now!
Just shut up. The House of "Representatives" is in the tank for you because of their social destruction agenda. You are guilty as sin. Go talk to Mueller. Please.
The House Intel Committee did not investigate collusion dimwit and we can’t trust this report, Nunez was involved and he’s a Trump asskisser just like rest of the House!  No win hear!  You are done!  Nervous about something?!?  You should be!  Unhinged and delusional!!
News Flash, Donald:  

When the Special Counsel, US Atty for NY's S. Dist, and NY State AG's office get done w/ the #TrumpCrimeSyndicate, the BS House Intel Rpt will be seen for the shallow, CYA hackery it is. 
-
#Trump #GOPComplicit #HouseIntelRpt
Except here on Planet Reality that report means less than nothing. Good try, though!
Ha ha ha ha lol, lol, lol what a butt muncher.....wow he actually believes this dribble! He just cant wIt to get peed on this weekend.
Liar liar pants on fire. #redign
#resign
DID COHEN PAY OFF TGE REUBLICAN PARTY ?
THE

Talk about fake news.

All this coming from dysfunctional Republicans in Congress yet new incriminating evidence appears everyday. Who are you trying to kid Trump. You are acting just like Nixon and you remember how that went down.
Who read it to you?
It was a coloring book
What when it's getting good the American People will want the Truth in this whole thing and holding anything back is wrong it is the right that everyone should know what went on in 2018 election's.
Huh. Well then.  Good to know.
Sorry, Illegitimate @potus, party-over-country traitors @GoP may back you, but 75% of Americans know you colluded with Putin. Resign while you can, and get ready for prison. #impeach #trumprussia
The House Intelligence Committee did, but Mueller didn't, so... Suck it up, Cadet Bone Spurs.
Moron, you & Clinton  sought dirt on each other, but clinton campaign did it legally, you are as crooked as they get, "OKAY", you understand what "okay" means? right ? You use it at end of most your statements.

This excerpt from the GOP House intelligence report is absurd. Papadopoulos tried to set up a campaign back-channel to Putin's office. DJT Jr., Manafort & Kushner met with a Kremlin emissary to get dirt on HRC. That's…
You’re shaking in your tie or you wouldn’t care
Schiff: "All I can say is [if reports] are accurate, there is clearly a significant discrepancy between that version and what we heard in Erik Prince's testimony."

Mr. President, to conclude there is “no evidence” of collusion, you must ignore Russia’s extensive efforts to help your campaign, the litany of communications between Russia & your campaign, & the massive effort to conceal these contacts. Here’s the truth: https://bit.ly/2r77gxB  …

It’s all good!! Just keep your focus, stay the course and keep on draining the swamp! Ignore all the low information clueless voters.

#MAGA2020
Collusion is the new drinking game. Whenever you tweet or say it, we pound one.
.  We played “Bob” watching the “Bob Newheart Show”. When anyone said bob we would have to drink a shot glass full of beer.  . All of us were always drunk in 30 minutes. Imagine if we had played it with Vodka. I need to play that game now just to get through the day.
That was my tie in!
To conclude that there is no collusion based on the House Intelligence Committee's Report is like concluding that there's life on the moon based on Jules Verne's "From the Earth to the Moon"  They both have similarities to the truth but fall short of truth. #TheResistance
Can't  believe you said people get fired quickly in Germany. I lived there, & it's difficult to fire someone in Germany!
Can't believe ANYTHING that comes out of his mouth
They're just trying to Obstruct your incredible leadership because if you continue on this path,  the world wins and you will win 2020 by a landslide.
With lots of good progress in the works up through 2020 too. Exciting times for those who allow themselves to see the changes.
That wasn't an investigation, it was a total farce with no real digging into facts or relevant documents
No thank you. I will wait for the Mueller investigation to complete. I’m not in favor of either “side” producing biased memos and reporting. We have a special counsel and a legal justice system for a very good reason. Calm down, if you’re innocent that will be the finding.
Wow! Republicans stopped their investigations prematurely and declared you innocent! Highly! Putin must be proud of making you president! #DirtyDonald

Talk to the people in living in Arkansas under the Clintons. Their is plenty f information on the corruption that went on under their reign as governor which was then moved to the presidency.
Not enough to indict them though.  Or it would have happened.........
All the witnesses ended up dead...
List please.........
Also check out the history of the Democratic Party starting with Andrew Jackson who ordered 300 laches for run away slaves..a horrible death sentence then move on to Tammany Hall, then go through Woodrow Wilson to current day democratic run cities and states.
In addition your knowledge of history is severely lacking if you think the Democratic Party of today is the same as the 19th century.  Look up the terms "Dixiecrat" and "Southern Stategy."
You are talking about the south right after the Civil war and reconstruction.
Is that a conflict of interest or what. Wasn't the wife ALSO under investigation?!
Good Adam Khan thread on McConnell, his wife Chao & conflict of interest. .
Thanks
@Khanoisseur a recommended follow on financial corruption.

@20committee for espionage/military history.

Legal LOTS:
@SethAbramson (great legal interpretation any time breaking MORONGATE news) @TheBeatWithAri @renato_mariotti @AshaRangappa_ (on TV a lot) @jedshug (Slate archive)
Thanks
Even FOX & FRIENDS chose to "CUT THIS DOTARD OFF" by suggesting that "his day was full" - LOL LOL LOL LOL. 'Fox & Friends' Pushes Trump Off the Air During https://bit.ly/2jfbf7W   After half an hour the W.H. told them to cut him off.
Trump before the Fox interview.
Trump at Mar-A-Lago, after 6 hours of cable TV watching.
Good likeness, only Trump infinitely more sadistic, gangster & end stage paranoid!
You’re guilty as sin and I can’t wait for you to rot in prison
.@realDonaldTrump Maybe it's time you stop staring at your phone and look at the evidence that is collected. We know there is collusion! It's just a matter of time before all the dots come together. THERE IS COLLUSION & YOU KNOW IT! STOP DENYING IT!
how horrible & guilty you are. Clearly something is coming down the pike. The investigation will end when either you resign or the truth, the whole truth, is discovered. You can't deal with it because you're guilty as hell. #resign
And, life is going to get even harder after 11/6
This is a lie.  What about the guilty pleas, the charges, against all the Russian agents you had on your transition team?  There is abundant evidence your entire transition team was nothing but Russian agents.  Flynn, Manafort, Gates, the list is endless.

ROTFLMFAO!!!
One of my favorites, freaking hilarious.
BUT, read this morning Manafort may cut deal in order NOT to spend 300+ years behind bars. Palmer Report.
Thanks for heads up - I follow.

The House Intelligence Committee is now complicit to your crimes.
Where is there even evidence for probable cause to get the original FISA warrant? YOU LOSE
So you’re saying that every single person from every agency (including Judges) are willing to compromise their integrity and careers for a conspiracy to obtain a faulty FISA warrant?  If you believe that then I have a bridge lol
THe FISA system is based on the idea that all evidence presented is thoroughly vetted and believed to be true. TO the point: FISA Judges have no means to verify the evidence presented to them. It is taken on faith it is true.
Having experience in simple walkthrough warrants, trust me when I say that Judges are very thorough when it comes to evidence. This is huge. Conspiracy is unlikely. I was ready to dismiss you,however, you sound reasonable enough. I guess we will see how this ends. Enjoy your day
FISA Judges have no means to verify evidence. Prosecutors are REQUIRED to HONNORABLY to present both sides. It is not the same kind of court. FISA courts are about suspension of American's civil rights.
You are still implying wide spread conspiracy. I don’t buy it. Sorry
I can't see which tweet you are referring to. But I tell you what if you get a couple of hours watch this documentary by Oliver Stone of all people and tell me if you there this describes a conspiracy
Trump repertoire of gaslight lies is actually quite limited, many boil down to a variation of this kindergarten-level rejoinder.
I think that's as far as his mental capacity goes.
You may know Jane Mayer is one of my favorite investigative journalists (with Carole Cadwalladr, Adam Davidson). This pre-election article about Art of the Deal ghost writer was scathing, withering indictment of Trump, but alas, not enough paid attention.
Thanks. Knew about the ghost-writer all along. Don't think Trump is eloquent enough or has the range of vocabulary to write a novel/book.
No doubt.
That Russian lawyer was hired by the DNC. Don't be too cheap to pay attention
Faux Fox News much deplorable?
No #Racist I actually follow all news while you're off bootlicking and pandering.
How was that racist??
Because I said so. FULL STOP
Do if someone says something opposing you they are racist? You are silly
Liberal Logic. I'm just test driving it. To see if it works as well for conservatives as I'd does for liberals. Lesson 1: call everyone who disagrees with you a racist. So far it's working 
“Intelligence” committee...
Future Trump recording from inside Prison mental Hospital:   No collusion. Absolutely no collusion.  There was just no collusion. Totally no collusion. There has been no collusion whatsoever.  No evidence of collusion. No Russian collusion. Everyone knows there was no collusion.
Oh I see now! You're upset because they've concluded and now they won't continue to help you with disinformation!
Trump's mom seeing the little devil for the first time.
ok so these people in high places that still lie and say their is evidence of collusion should be arrest for sedition & slander. this is our President they are trying to remove with lies!!! where the hell is sessions???
There is now prof that says otherwise. Your brother will be convicted of colluding with a Russian spy to interfere in a USA presidential election. Of course your daddy will pardon him. But... he can’t pardon the money laundering crimes you all committed in NY State!
We are seeing just 10% of Muellerberg that has grazed Trumptanic, causing it to take on so much evidence of treason it will inexorably sink & die in waters of cold Russian conspiracy. 

We can't see 90% of Muellerberg's evidence which lies in wait underwater - sealed indictments?
Full covfefe ahead
Possible covfefe d' etat?
.@realDonaldTrump is Putin's Puppet! Just like Hillary said he was! Stop denying the truth and tell the truth for once in your freaking life! We know you conspired and colluded with Russia to hack the election in your favor! It's very obvious to anyone who has a REAL brain!
I love it when you talk out of one side of your mouth chief. Yes the committee said no collusion the way a child says he did not do poo poo in his pants but you can't look.
Bet your arms are folded, right Spanky, that's your tell.
Not sure you can rank them as dumbest
Just another huge lie. The facts are there.  Get ready for impeachment
TRUMP WILL HAVE TO DECLARE A STATE OF EMERGENCY TO DESTROY EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION & CONSPIRACY with Russia.  Republicans refused to look at evidence of collusion so their report doesn't contain any.

WATCH FOR THE MINORITY REPORT by Democrats in the House Intelligence Committee.
Steele, Christopher Steele - respected worldwide - the best .  We threw in a line and out came Moby Dick - Glenn Simpson #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
what about your son?, what about michael Flynn?, what about tea boy? what about manfort? what about ur russia trip 2013? what about ur tax retuns? what about sessions meeting?  going on and on.. are this called love affairs #cowardtrump
You must end now. No matter how many times you say no collusion what we are hearing yes collusion just because you repeat constantly does not make it true. Always interfering in this investigation why. Because you are guilty. Simple. No matter how much you guys cover up. Sad
Russian Gothic


Thank you Mr.Dugan, Flagstaff, AZ. @AZNationalGuard  When you mentioned the dates for Fast and Furious,  @EricHolder @GeraldoRivera  that is when we put it all together. @DNC  http://vote.org . #Custer, #Patreus.
Get all overlays on a map of Arizona. GPS Fusion, check #China and trade of Copper and Phosphorus materials. We need all international trade for the State of Arizona.   GPS Fusion is the joint military data. Not @HillaryClinton or @DNC.
McConnell's true master.
Multi-Pulitzer winner Nicholas Kristof on Ari & recounted a heartbreaking story of women caught up in Myanmar genocide, WHILE on call dragged awy to be raped, baby ripped from her arm & thrown on fire. Bipartisan support for sanctions, but MM respects PM.



Great point Joyce.
Hahahahahahahahaha
Get down to business
#FirePruitt 
#TrumpRussia 
#MuellerTime 
#StormyDaniels on hold while #CohenFlips 
#JrColluded 
#RemoveKushner 
#FireZinke
Your own son admittedly met with Kremlin spies to get stolen goods from your opponent. The fake thing is the House GOP report.

If you’d ever learn to keep you mouth shut and let the investigation process be completed, it will end twice as fast! By the way, “no evidence of collusion” is not the same as “evidence of no collusion”.
Just in: an estimated ZERO percent of the members on the "investigation" committee are a part of the judiciary. 

So, totally irrelevant donnie.
Yeah we’re not dumb bro. Guilty pleas say otherwise.
Since the Republicans shut down the hearing before all testimony and evidence was received, the report is a Sham, Fake News, BS.  Nunes made sure of that for Trump.  He recused himself after the midnight run and then inserted himself back in.  #Sham  #Corruption
I'm not suggesting anyone tie you up and throw you into the Delaware River to see if you sink or float, I'm just saying that's how most witch hunts ended
Trump for a long time was way past the point he could keep his myriad, protean lies straight - like a performer with too many plates in the air.
What about #ObstructionOfJustice ?  Did they say anything about that????

End the #MuellerInvestigation and you will most definitely be a one term @POTUS, at most.
A highly partisan, incomplete, and deeply flawed report by a broken House Committee means nothing. The Special Counsel’s work is being carried out by professional investigators—not political staffers. SC’s findings will be comprehensive & authoritative. Stay tuned, Mr. Trump.... …
We will have our answer to these allegations soon enough. I am not a Trump fan but I hope the man is innocent. If not, given how he has vehemently called everyone liars, he should be convicted and hung from a sour apple tree.
You & the repubics are lying, spanky don. This is just a failed attempt to distract us from the fact that don jr met with an admitted Russian spy to attack our election. The distraction didn’t work. The tRump/RU collusion investigation continues. You’re in deep  and u know it.
Hmmmm, I read it and when you put the timeline together it seems there are many examples of collusion. In fact it makes it obvious it went on for months. And this from an committee trying to cover for you. Can’t wait until all the facts are out. Traitor!!
BWAHAHAHAHA!!! Who in their right mind would believe this BS. Oh, the less intelligent one, of course!!!
House Intelligence Committee: you can't find evidence of collusion if you don't look for it


A highly partisan, incomplete, and deeply flawed report by a broken House Committee means nothing. The Special Counsel’s work is being carried out by professional investigators—not political staffers. SC’s findings will be comprehensive & authoritative. Stay tuned, Mr. Trump.... …
@jedshug has awesome Slate archive. Recommend to your attention outstanding legal acumen/erudtion, & critically important ability to render complexities of MORONGATE, WILDERNESS OF FREDOS simple with prose marked by crystalline lucidity & intelligibility.
Oh you’re talking about that Republican charade led by Nunes again? We know the difference between investigation and propaganda.
Mr. President, to conclude there is “no evidence” of collusion, you must ignore Russia’s extensive efforts to help your campaign, the litany of communications between Russia & your campaign, & the massive effort to conceal these contacts. Here’s the truth: https://bit.ly/2r77gxB  …
"If elected, Donald Trump would be a national disgrace & international pariah." - Colin Powell
A president who demands a warped concept of loyalty and has only disdain for the rule of the law #TrumpRussiaconspiracy #TrumpRussia #GOPTrumpRussiacoverUp


The frightening part is: I wholeheartedly believe that.
Absolutely.

R no longer a party, just dead husk remnant of the now Trump-jacked Cult of Personality.

LOVE IT, ROTFLMFAO!!!!!!!!!  

The money laundering vehicle of choice for Russian 'garchs/spooks/mob.
Great article. Crazy amounts of money laundering. Russia. Mercer. And you know Trumps loans came from there. Over $360 million in those. Wow.
Trump became too hot for legit, US Banks. 

Both sons admitted Russia disproportionate amount of portfolio (later denials self-serving & lacked credibility).

@adamdavidson points out Trump not just bad, but stupid at business. Why risk hundreds of millions for tens - zero sense?
The pure hate for Trump that the Dems have for him is truly pathetic. He’s making everyone ‘s life better, with job creation, lower taxes, and  bringing about world peace. Are these things not important to Democrats? What do they want, higher taxes, unemployment and wars?
That is because your lockstep republicans say that.  Just saying so doesn’t work.  I could say trump’s in prison, unfortunately my just saying so won’t work. I wish it did.  You are on a “collusion” course with destiny.

Dr. Ronnie Jackson laughably said 239 lbs during his inadvertant stand up routine (like virtually all by Huckleberry Goebbelsanders, Klannity, Ass-anger ButtLeaks).
Each BUTT CHEEK is 239 lbs. 

Trump going to be 400 lbs. to 500 lbs. before being indicted/impeached/imprisoned.
Let me fix it for you: House Intelligence Committee of REPUBLICANS found no evidence.
And House intelligence committee DEMOCRATS have found no evidence either.
Says who?
Have the Democrats produced any real evidence? No they have not YOU LOSE.
Answer the question. Says who?
Show me the evidence.
You said dems have no evidence. Where’s your proof.
Ah my proof let's seee..... What could my proof be??? oh yeah THEY HAVE PRESENT NO REAL EVIDIENCE
If you did nothing wrong, and are innocent, then what's the fuss? If there's nothing to find, let the investigation continue.... So you're saying you're guilty and don't want to be caught?
This scandal has everything. Money Laundering - Treason and P . eww. #TrumpRussiaConspiracy #AndJusticeForAll
TRUMP IS NOW DELIVERING HIS OWN FAKE NEWS!
It was a sham investigation.
It’s pretty easy to not find something you’re doing everything you can to avoid seeing. The Senate oversight committees + special investigation are serious, investigating and credible. You and House Republicans are toast.
#MinorityReport
Until Mueller says otherwise you ain't off the hook, buddy!
WE SEE YOU!

Not like your son doing illegal meetings to gain dirt on one of your enemies. What you want are sheep to follow you and thank God I’m not one of them. You’ve become a bigger joke than Bush as President. I can’t wait to see you leave office, hopefully in handcuffs.
Trump providing dancing entertainment for his journalist/political opponent murdering Russian dictator/controller pal.
Traitor. 

The actual investigators will investigate.
Mindless rubber stamp. Enjoy it while you can. #trumpTREASON
"No puppet, no puppet, YOU'RE the puppet!"
Calling the Republicans involved the House Intelligence Committee is actually an oxymoron. Nunes, who recused himself but authored it, is known to be compromised. The Senate report isn't in, the Mueller investigation should be completed. #4GuiltyPleas17Indictments5Cooperating
Who said it on what report? Oh right Nunes...the one you been manipulating? His words means nothing.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ronny-jackson-allegations-come-from-20-military-sources-jon-tester-says/ … NOBODY believes that fraudulent POS perpetrated by criminal clown nunes. THEY didn't even investigate trumpRussiaColussion, dumbass. AND thank you Jon Tester for sparing the VA from an unqualified nut. 239 lbs, 6ft3? BS. No more pruitts/carsons/devoss'.
I take it that you haven't read the minority report.
WARNING - exploding Scanners head

If HRC had won by shrieking stolen RNC emails from a hostile non-state foreign intel service like ISISLEAKS (or FDR harming political opponent by weaponizing NAZILEAKS?), this would have happened to hyperpartisan hacks Klannity & Dingalingrich.
This is the Comittee all your friends are on, is biased and Democrat participants don’t agreee with the findings....ok!
There's A Mountain Of Documents & Evidence Taller Than The TRUMP Towers That Say Otherwise...
Liar
Well, isn;t that special.  I will wait for the real intelligence experts!
Just more obstruction of Justice by your coconspirators. You are so screwed after your meltdown on @foxandfriends URINE TROUBLE!

You know the Republican leadership refused to issue supoenas for important witnesses. You know the recused Chairman worked hard to detail the committee's work. If I were you, Sir, I wouldn't Crow just yet. There's one investigator doing real work to uncover what really happened!
I don't see Hillary on the back of this steed.
The report is a hoax,  fake news. Sad
Steele's last memo - No on Mitt Romney says the Kremlin - Yes, Russia has installed a puppet in America  . #WAKE #removeTrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaconspiracy

this report is meaningless.  The next one isn't.

Buy more rubber underwear.  You're gonna need them in prison Spanky.
.@realDonaldTrump You're a code talker. Two negatives make a positive. No Collusion + No Collusion = COLLUSION!
CATCH THE LASER!

Fox news shiny object/SQUIRREL! programming.

Trump could be executed by lethal injection for espionage & treason, & lead Hannity story will be:

Does your cat make this sound - Hhkkksss Hhkkksss Hhkkksss?
It could have fur balls.
Yeah, keep squawking. If you haven’t discovered by now that your Brooklyn bullshit doesn’t work in the big show, it’s far too late now.
You neglect to mention that the research was originally begun by your Republican opponents.
Donald Trump has drained the swamp and filled it up with collaborators and criminals
FAKE NEWS
Now if that ain't  collusion I don't know how those idiot Republicans aren't in Jail for conspiracy against the United State's, they better hope blue wave doesn't happen
There is one word I think your vocabulary needs to understand & practice. Patience. Spouting out like this before the investigation is completed raises concerns.  Mainly, it shows you're afraid of what they'll find
Fraudulent manipulating Bullshit artist
Poor Donny. No one believes you when you deny this.

This means nothing. #muelleriscoming

You have to investigate to come to a conclusion. Sham investigation just like your sham Presidency.
One of best interviews of author Luke Harding. His Collusion still definiteive document of MORONGATE, WILDERNESS OF FREDOS. Long time Russian-based investigative journo, one of few people in world to interview James Bond-like Chris Steele (Dossier fame).
Donald, who paid 4 the research doesn't really matter. What does matter is the dossier has been 80+% independently verified. You lied about overnighting w/prostitutes in Moscow. You lied about, well, everything, and you denied Russian meddling until it became undeniable even 4 u.

Fun fact, there's waaaaay more evidence of collusion then there is that your god exists.
John @johnbrennan has words for Don.  He says his Kakistocracy is collapsing after its lamentable journey.  A better lives for those you have deceived.  #TrumpRussiaconspiracy #GOPTrumpRussiacoverup #WAKE #removeTrump
This hunt is going pretty well considering all the indictments and guilty pleas of your crew. The Nunes Fake report means nothing.
Never go full dotard.
Waiting on the REAL case - Muller's case. ( sorry if I mispelled his name).
some vivaldi with your treason (Vivaldi is a composer) #TrumpRussiaconspiracy https://vimeo.com/266443042  #GOPTrumpRussiacoverup
Thanks God finally done.This investigation can be done long time ago!I'm so glad that you are so strong person I can't believe it. Thanks for being a strong,smart leader.MAGA.
Mr. President, to conclude there is “no evidence” of collusion, you must ignore Russia’s extensive efforts to help your campaign, the litany of communications between Russia & your campaign, & the massive effort to conceal these contacts. 1)
Just two words BULL SHIT
It can end if you resign.  Maybe they will take pity on you and not criminally prosecute.  Maybe Pence and Mother will pardon you.  You know that Mother Karen is already measuring for drapes for when she gets to move into the White House. Pence is ready to stab you in the back.
Lol....u so silly.


Get ready for a set of striped pajamas,  where you're going there's no golf.....
Illuminati CLEARLY having buyer's remorse.
Just out, no one believes this
Everyone including you and me know the House Intelligence Committee is a joke.  These Republicans that are complicit in producing this report should all be defeated this year.

Want it to end now before all is out in the open.Your GOP stooges don’t know anything except to cover for you!!!!!!?
Interesting how the house intelligence committee didn’t interview any of those members of your campaign and administration staff that have been indicted, most of which have plead guilty. #FakePresident #LiarInChief #IdiotInCharge #SwampInGOPClothing
Get some new material.
Too many "witches " are turning in their brooms. 
David Dennison's days are numbered. 
Or is it John Barron?

Who are you?

"Mueller is going to crack Donald, Jr. like an egg on national TV." - Steve Bannon

The house “intelligence” committee is a farce. I’ll wait for Mueller’s REAL investigation to conclude. There’s no way you’re not guilty of something besides espionage. #ImpeachTrump #LockThemAllUp #TrumpsForPrison #TraitorGOP
"Serial Killer" Miller getting his mind right for @jaketapper interview.
Let justice do the job.
Then it hit me... everybody in the joint had AcroMAGAly.
Your vocabulary is lacking. Witch Hunt is juvenile. Maybe you could use another word like truth or justice.
