Jude 1:2
#Mercy, #peace, and #love be multiplied to you.
#Jesus #Saves   #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Call Americans what you want. At least we haven’t committed acts of treason. Btw how was it meeting with your Russian funded buddies over at the NRA
I thought your 15 mins were up months ago?
Go back to sleep Paige.
@alysonsilverma1 sounds like you are an expert in sleeping and have been for 15 months. Maybe you should wake up.
Does it really sound like that @sander_maria? How so?
We're getting off topic. David raises a good point.
No, he doesn't. He raises hyperbolic conjecture.
So by that logic, so did Trump. I guess we should all just disperse, right? 

‘Dirty cop [COMEY] is in deep trouble not only because he was engaged in a CONSPIRACY to ILLEGALLY EXONERATE HRC and then FRAME DONALD TRUMP and #Trump Associates with CRIMES. He has…
#WitchHunt #Mueller #MAGA
‘The search of Michael Cohen’s office in New York was an ACT OF TERROR! MUELLER knew it was going to happen. ROSENSTEIN authorized it!…
#MAGA #WitchHunt #USA #DeepStateFishingExpedition
REMEMBER HOW HILLARY WAS INTERVIEWED?

•She wasn’t under OATH
•Interview was NOT recorded…
THANK YOU @POTUS! #MAGA
#RedWaveRising #MAGA
#WitchHunt #KAG2020 #USA
ATTN: Bob Mueller and Mueller Investigation

If you have questions regarding why @POTUS #TRUMP told FBI Director James Comey ‘YOU’RE FIRED!’ ...…
#WitchHunt #USA #KAG
This is really a witch hunt.  I would fire all of them.  His base wants him to do it. Let the Dems scream and shout so what!!!
This is totally unacceptable. Who could respect this pathetic divisive charlatan?
Remember when you talked all tough and said you’d stand up to the NRA? And then when NRA leaders complained you tucked your tail between your legs and promised not to be a bad boy? America’s voters remember.
Liar
Wrong.
No right!!
#MAGA
Well let's get started and Vote you out of office!!
Support the 2nd!!!
Support President Trump!
We stand with Trump!
Y’all are idiots
HAHAHAHAHA
Just shut up
You’re a complete nut job. You continue to lie. Gun control does not equate to disarming people. This is a propaganda tweet aimed at spreading false information. Shame on you. The only criminal I see is you #NRABloodMoney
Ban of "assult" weapons isn't disarming people?
People who enter into the US arnt criminals?
Bump stock ban (which were made for handicap people to absorb recoil) not a disarming?
Here we go again... more lies. “Common sense gun laws” does NOT = “disarming me abiding citizens” 

All proposals are targeted at dangerous individuals who break laws, are a danger to others, or themselves. 

These are 2 completely different proposals.
Very naive please do your research. Now they publicly going after the NRA which almost all its members are law abiding.
That’s an outright lie, that they are law abiding members  even those at the top of the organization have committed violent crimes.
So out of 6,000,000 to 12,000,000 concealed carry gun owners.  500 are killers between 2007 and 2014... Are you serious?
more lies for the indoctrinated! Won't work for most of America
No they don’t. They want universal background checks, raised age to purchase guns, ban assault rifles, close loopholes in gun purchasing. These are things you told the Parkland students that you want too. You told Congress not to be afraid of NRA. You’re a lying hypocrite. Sad.
Politicians who put NRA cash before the lives of American Citizens should be voted out of office. #NRAConvention
The NRA doesn't sell arms....... planned parenthood does.
The NRA doesn't sell arms, it sells WMD's.
More lies. Gun safety for kids and huter safety such bad things. Protecting the 2A how dare them..... please get tour med checked.
You are not a law-abiding American. You’re the most dangerous criminal in the country. Resign ASAP. Thanks, Earth.
You will go far, you are really funny .   MAGA
MAGA!!!!!!

Fear-mongering, how predictable. Your desperation is showing, #Traitor.

#MuellerTime 
#ObstructionOfJustice
#ConspiracyAgainstTheUnitedStates
#MoneyLaundering
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
Are pouring over your wall??
2A is in good hands!!
Rudy is right!

America is Back!!!
With pussy groping
Coming from South Africa who cares what you think!
Do you support Trump ??
Retweet !!
Fake poll  !
Yes because we all know the only polls that Trump believes are the positive ones. #brainwashed
Call it what you want  the country is much better with Trump I could care less how many hoes come out And  all you people who go against the President are hurting the country!
Bed time
Why were guns banned at your event today? What could go wrong in a huge room full of “good guys” with guns?
Liberals are just better Christians...
AMEN x 100000000000
Waaaaaaaaah
You disarmed them today before you would even enter the room. #NRAConvention
What's complicated about it? No guns around the president bc guns make situations more dangerous not more safe.
That everyone follows... because it's safer. 

What is your argument? That they have those rules just for the hell of it? The secret service protects the president. Theyve decided the best way to do that is to not let ppl have guns. Bc guns make situations more dangerous.
'Secure a perimeter' and 'protective detail' ... both involve disarming people. 

You shouldn't have to think too hard about this.
Politicians who put personal gain above country should be voted out of office, charged for their crimes, and when found guilty, imprisoned.
Stop being an NRA bitch. Do your job and stop the slaughter of our young generation because you don’t have the guts to standup to NRA and ban the military style guns which is made only for killing.

A Trump sandwich  
@real_farmacist get over yourself! Our GREAT POTUS is 100% right on!
He’s not great! Lincoln great, Washington great, Kennedy great, Roosevelt, great. Trump, not even close to great.
No, we will vote out for corruption and obstruction of justice. You are a puppet of the Russians and the NRA!
Oh lord. Now we’re back on this fantasy. NO ONE wants to disarm the public. We are asking for common sense gun control. BIG difference. More stupid NRA rhetoric and falsehoods. You seriously give me a headache.
Fear uncertainty and disappointment lol Trump the lame duck 1st term president.

Polite reminder Donald. The promise you made to the school kids after the mass shooting ???!! Remember you’re not scared of the NRA
Dangerous criminal aliens? When did we make first contact!?

MAKE THE LIE BIG BIG BIG
and
OUTRAGEOUS

#TrumpMotto
#TheResistance

Isn’t that you?  So many criminals in your organization.  Tell me,why do you like guns?  Have you ever shot a gun? How many guns do you own?  Have you been trained in firing guns?  WHO DO YOU PLAN TO SHOOT?  As long as it’s yourself or your foot, I’m okay with that!
Democrats in Congress have NEVER proposed disarming "law-abiding Americans." They HAVE proposed reducing weapon capacities and KEEPING THEM FROM CRIMINALS. But we realize you NEED TO LIE about the Democrats' intentions if Republicans are to have any chance at winning elections.

Statistically I'm more likely to be killed or assaulted by a white male.  90 % of violent crime is committed by men.  Keep the guns and get rid of men.  Just sayin...
#Dems want to confiscate our guns, open borders, illegal voting, late term abortion, sanctuary cities, big gov., small military, higher taxes, wealth distribution, socialized medicine OMG FOLKS WAKE UPVote Libs out#MAGA #KAG
Late term abortion? Do you mean a ceasaren section that millions of women Trump supporters and others had to have due to medical complications with mom or baby? C sections are not done to abort the baby. And why is it your business if someone chooses to have an abortion?
It isn’t. They’re just spreading more disinformation & propaganda to work up the base. #MAGAts #CommonSenseGunLaws
Nope. Abortion as a form of birth control is morally wrong.
Never has a woman said "I will just use abortion as a method for birth control." Get serious.

About to go live with @CameronHanes
Why is this a reply to Trump?!
Very difficult to comprehend that this is written by #POUTUS. Cause no proplem to recognise the vois of @RealDTrump2016  but #POUTUS 
Maybe she meant POUTUS because all he does is whine and POUT like the bitch baby he is
Sensible gun laws are what Democrats want. You constantly lie and try and make people fearful. Worst president ever, liar in charge

Lies! Every time you open your mouth
I guess when you get in so deep it just spirals that way
Quit LYING to US the AMERICAN PEOPLE! We are not safe because of you! Everything you say is a LIE soaked in PROPAGANDA to make us fearful so you can gain more POWER and WEALTH and keep destroying us. Told your Dr.
what to write! Sick!
@realDonaldTrump is the FAKEST person on the planet. Dictates his own medical endorsement letter? How fraudulent can it get? A lot more!
Trump weighs 300 lbs, not 240. He's such a lying bag of crap.
Yes he is! He’s despicable! Dicktator bullying for power! Crooked & greedy! Treats everyone & everything horrible! Let’s take our country back from trump & the NRA!!  No one wants to take our guns that’s the LIE they want us to believe to give them $ & power!
The sky is falling....the sky is falling.  Republicans said that Obama was going to take guns away, still waiting. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Lol.....k.
If Mr Hogg had his way only criminal's would be armed,and the rest of us would have to be saved,or slaughtered, at the whim of the Government.
He's a punk no Mr. ......

What about politicians who sexually assault over 20 woman or empower hatred and racism by calling Nazis “fine people?”

What about politicians who support pedophiles or wife beaters?…
You’re at it again Donny.
Give it a rest dude. You are such a fraud and habitual liar. No one wants to take anyone's guns away. It's just that the @GOP is owned lock stock and barrel by the @NRA who won't allow any reasonable measures to prevent mass murders by easy purchase of military assault weapons.
Are you aware that Dems & Libs are American citizens with the same rights as your 'base'? Are you aware that you can't hurt or kill us because we think differently than you? Are you aware of anything other than yourself?

#TrumpResign

This is a blatant lie. Trump continues to use fear and lies to fire up his base and further the divide in America 

Trump told the NRA that democrats and liberals want to take away…
#1 We know trump did NOT write this thread of tweets. #2 The false and malicious propaganda contained in this TRIPE is DEPLORABLE.
Yeah, already got into a debate with a Trumpster over this tweet.. They believe it though, truly pathetic.
Yep, they are hopeless trump flavored koolaid addicts...it’s the orange kind, btw.
FEAR!! Propaganda and lies! Run for the hills! They are taking our guns and letting loose all the criminals! Oh my god!! I think there are 100 democrats outside trying to break into my house and take my birthday away!!
Politicians who put Russian dictators before American citizens should be voted out of office!

reg·u·la·tion
ˌreɡ(y)əˈlāSH(ə)n
noun
1.
a rule or directive made and maintained by an authority.

Why is this hard, dumbfuck?
It's called constitutional rights, how hard is this.....
Why should you have the right to a weapon that can fire 600 rounds per minute, constitutional or otherwise? What possible use is there for that, other than to kill as many people as possible?
You really dont know history, do you?
I'm quite versed in it, actually. You have no fleet of F-15s. You have no access to BLU-82 Daisy Cutter bombs. Your little AR-15s are NO MATCH for a tyrannical government in this day and age -- so remind me again of what possible purpose they have other than mass murder?
Tell that to the Viet-cong. Or any terrorist group, you know our millions of dollars have brought all those wars to a swift and decisive end.
What a crock.
Another manipulative lie to keep his NRA funding rolling in. Fear tactics are a heinous use of power. Shame on you and the blind fools that put in the WH. Always my country, never my president. #muellertime #AbuseOfPower #lyingdonald #NRAsucks
BULLSHIT!! WE'RE TIRED OF MASS SHOOTINGS THAT THE REPUBLICANS AND NRA ARE ENABLING. POLITICIANS WHO PUT GUNS OVER PEOPLE SHOULD BE PUT IN PRISON!!
Steady on dear. You’re sounding a tad Hitleresque these days.
LIAR
Ιḟ ṯḥẹ ƉΝС ΟΒЅΤɌƲСΤЅ the ΡɌΕЅΙƉΕΝΤ from ṯαḳἰṇg αϲṯἰοn, then the Ɖẹϲӏαrαṯἰοṇ of Ιṇḍẹρẹṇḍẹṇϲẹ ẹmροⱳẹrᵴ The Ρẹορӏẹ to αӏṯẹr οr ΑΒΟⱢΙЅΗ the ԌΟѴΤ!
ΤΗΑΤ ΙЅ ΤΗE ɌEΑЅΟΝ ϜΟɌ ΤΗE 2Α

#qanon8chan #qanon #RedWave2018 #HeIsMyPresident

https://youtu.be/fkJr4wTSSwY 
Resign
That post is a lie.
You are lying again.
You are still a liar.
#LyingDonald 
#TrumpCrimeFamily
Like the Russian mob and criminal enterprise @PutinRF_Eng runs? Agreed !
Wait. Weren't you the only @POTUS EVER to suggest confiscating guns without due process? Do you have an ethical center at all?
I prefer presidents who aren't TRAITORS.
#RESIGN, you f**king idiot.
Not to mention that they have armed guards to protect them.
Yet guns were banned at your NRA rally. I wonder why? Are they dangerous or something?
I do not think it was the individual NRA members, it is the ones that oppose that are the problem. Think Republican softball game. 

Notice I used punctuation
LOL Yes you did. I’m just wondering where all the a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun talk is. I mean arm the teachers but the NRA meeting is a gun free zone? To me, that’s pretty thick irony.
How do you stop someone willing to die for their cause? The a cornerstone of the good guy / armed LE is self preservation.
No doubt, man. Someone willing to die for their cause  is one of the biggest threats possible.  We’ve talked about why I don’t want a gun.  In my gut though, I don’t think repealing the 2A is a good idea. If a die for the cause type comes in a house, oblige them if possible.
The Russian diplomat killed by the Turkish police officer on live tv
We want to ban assault rifles. Most of Americans do. Even most gun.owners. The NRA and lawmakers taking their bribes have blood on their hands. #BanAssaultWeapons
Cavuto to Trump: 'How Can You Drain the Swamp If You Keep Muddying the Waters?'

1 in 10 gun owners belongs to @NRA  (I don’t) A tiny fraction even owns a gun. (I  do). #NRAAM2018 IRRELEVANT  #2A supported by all. Stop the lies and fear mongering. @realDonaldTrump
I don't. And I do also.
ABSOLUTELY!! It’s insanity and they need to go!
What about politicians(YOU)who treat American citizens like dirt just because you dont like the color of their skin or the religion they practice? Actions speak louder than words.
Thank you #POTUS45 for   Fighting for ALL of Our Constitutional Rights.  #WeThePeople Fear Not, Knowing you will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst & not bend to #TheNWO or to the #DespicableDeepState We #KeepTheFaith #TrustThePlan & #StandUnited in our resolve to #MAGA! #GodBlessTrump
Are you referring to people like this loser who is an illegal has been arrested + had a restraining order against him but still managed to be roaming the streets of Connecticut and murdered a woman. Thanks @GovMalloyOffice 
#NoSanctuaryState 
#NoAmnesty
Those immigrant workers pay more taxes and are way more patriotic than @realDonaldTrump ever has been or will be
Wow, Trump *really* needs his supporters to be very, very AFRAID. I hope some of them can see through that manipulation.
Afraid? No its called on guard and ready at all times. #REDWAVEINNOVEMBER
What a way to live. Barricaded in your own home, watching Fox with a sawed-off in your lap. The fear is being marketed to you. The real world is much nicer and kinder than Trump, Hannity and the NRA would have you believe.
You weren’t even legally voted in jackass.
you’re so fos, I’m a gun owner and I’m not worried about a thing. never have been. 

you prey on the poorly informed with your lies and you purposely spread fear. 

karma is coming for you and it won’t be pretty. 

whether it’s via mueller or a blue wave, idgaf. just go.
I’ve tried to refrain but this is some serious bullshit.
Hussein and Hillary facilitated a genocide with Operation Fast and Furious by running illegal weapons to Mexico for the Cartels to us
e against the Population. The very same guns they tried to righteously ban in the USA
@POTUS #QANON #KEK #THESTORM #FastAndFurious #MAGA #WWG1WGA
Hahahah! When is your standup session coming to my town? I dig the whole "super out of touch over the top nutjob" act, it never fails to be hilarious.
Sorry, I could not hear you over the noise of your Ad Hominem fallacy. Do you have any point or counterpoint whatsoever to try and add anything to the info displayed?
Don't have to. You're trying to discredit all accredited sources and prove your left-ass-field source is valid. Welcome to the burden of proof. I don't have to prove the accepted narrative, its accepted. I don't have to prove the sky is blue, you have to prove I'm brainwashed.
I am not spoon feeding you more info. If you need to learn basic google skills go ahead and take a course. Then google "Fast And Furious Mexico". Enjoy your redpill.
I did, and then I laughed at you and your crackpot nonsense. Before I posted my "ad hominem." Also it's not me vs you, its accepted reality vs you. You also need to understand that being found on Google does not an accredited source make. Burden of proof is on you, my baby boy.
I'm done now, enjoy your ego fantasy where only you and a select few low social currency oddballs with poor critical reasoning skills know the "secret truth" in a sea of sheep. Be special. Be a snowflake.
It is not secret, again, it is open source. There are multiple wikipedia articles to give context to my assertions, the infographic is a synthesis of them. You never mentioned a single fact as being wrong, just spluttered some unrelated gibberish about stand-up comedy. Retardo.
Americans see you for who you are--a fear-mongering, adulterous, lying, colluding w/US enemies, obstructing justice idiot who is enriching yourself, your family, & your administration at taxpayer expense. We've had enough. #2018election #AlternativeFacts #GOPCorruption #ethics
When may we see your tax returns?
What about the criminals living in the White House...
Yep, that is EXACTLY what Americans ARE going 2 do!!  Yeah !  Yes, we will help Mueller put you in prison or execute you immediately. #MuellerIsComingForDotard  #MuellerIsComingForTrump #MuellerIsComingForDotard #MuellerIsComingForTrump #MuellerIsComingForDotard  #MuellerIsComing
Just a flat lie, again.  Just a few months ago you were for sensible gun reform now your not.  You flop more than a fish on land.  Cant believe a word that comes out of your orange mouth.
once again moron, how many illegal immigrants compared to american born have committed mass killings, why are you always showing your racist side, when are you going to stop pretending to be POTUS and RESIGN
You've told over 3,000 lies since you've taken office. This is just another one. 

Remember when you said you didn't know anything about payments to #StormyDaniels? LOL? 

Take a hike, #FatNixon!
Politicians should be concerned about obstruction of justice, too.
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
#Drumpf
3,001 false or misleading claims and http://flip-flops.An  average of 6 lies a day, like your post here!! Does Dems want to take assault guns away fo help stop mass shootings, Guilty, what are you doing so #NeverAgain we have to bury so many school kids? Nothing!!
#NRAkills


And tried for treason
4/4 

Please circulate this letter to all of your friends, family, & colleagues.

Sincerely, 
Doug Graves-Chaffin
CÁLLESE A LA VERGA CÑORA.
@QAnonPatriot we all have a dream!
That's the whole idea Donald. They think the criminal will kill decent Americans when it is to be all the way around. It will be a Healthy Civil War: Let tehm come: America is ready
#MAGA
Nope. We want to save lives. You want $$$ from NRA, more than you care about my daughter's life, about school kids life. You love $$$ above all else, and NRA has lots of it. Every dollar you take is a child's blood and life on your hands, you unstable fucking moron.
I’ve been calling for this for 4 years. We finally have a POTUS who cares more about U. S. CITIZENS than liberals do!
Vote Every member of both parties OUT who support gun control and whom support illegals and Sanctuary Cities. 
Vote THEM THE HELL OUT!
Drain The Swamp!!
Shut up Dotard. We know all you do is lie and gaslight. How are people so stupid to still believe anything you say? Our education system is broken
Moron.
What about you and your criminal friends you put before Americans? Stop lying.

Every insult, injury or act of violence inflicted upon our neighbour, offends God our Father and Creator.
So your meeting that you had on guns was just a big show you put on for reality TV and now you're back with the GOP supporting the guns and the blood money. What a con man
On payday plan on buying more, we the American people have the 2 amendment to fight off govermt tyranny, criminals. Get this point Gov.?
Republicans are putting the criminal name Donald J Trump before American citizens every day.  You released criminals named Joe Arpaio and Scooter Libby.  You will be thrown out of office asap and Republicans will be voted out of office in November.

I proudly support President Trump 100%. Love our #SecondAmendment #2ndAmendment                  Stop the #IllegalImmigration & deport. Enough is enough. Those that complain should open their homes to migrants to stay in their homes for free, use car for free, eat their food etc
What typical tRump propaganda bullshit.  Nobody is suggesting or asking for guns to be taken away, unless they're AR-15 type.  NOBODY needs to keep a weapon of war for personal protection.  You try so hard to incite mass hysteria and condone racism and hate.  You're no president.
Where do you come up with all of this nonsense? The American people are on to you and your constant lies. You’re not a reality TV host anymore. Try and act like a human being.
You love to divide, stir up hate and anger, & create intense negative reactions in humanity. Presidents should try better at unification and equality. U evoke fear & cause a melting pot of emotional angst w/in our own country. That leads us to more danger.
Says the “take the guns first, then do due process” guy.
Hello @JerryBrownGov @NYGovCuomo
Why do you have to be so dramatic???? Are you 15???  You sound rediculous all the time.....it's exhausting.
Anyhow in such situations, the decisions taken by our Honourable President of America Donald J. Trump are Wise and befitting.
Arrest them all
You are a liar! As a life long law abiding Democrat, no one has ever tried to disarm me!!!
You're a con man and a criminal!
You mean criminals like the majority of your administration and family? #VoteRepublicansOut #gunreformnow #NoNRA
VOTED out ?!?
THEY SHOULD be arrested !!!
DNC=NWO should not be allowed to PRETEND the are Democrats...
Globalism is an Unamerican, Unregistered Party that CANNOT run in American Elections !!!
TERRITORIES are also voting illegally.
FREE them, we don't want them as a state.

I agree
President who lie, collude with foreign governments, and obstruct justice should be voted out f office. And will be
No one believes you any more. Fucking Cry Baby.
lying traitor resign
#Dims & #Libtards aren't the only ones doing this. They are allied with the #RINOs & #Globalists in all parties.

They want nothing less than #TotalControl over an enslaved populace!
HOOEY.
Exactly! That's what I'm screaming loudly to get out the vote,primary and midterm in November.
Just make an EO that gives national reciprocity of conceal carry and that will allow Americans to self protection which is their God given right. #CCW #Reciprocity #2A #BillOfRights #MAGA


Idiot
You put a very dangerous criminal named Vladimir Putin ahead of the entire country to get elected. We can’t wait for the next presidential election, impeach now
You are one sick hombre, @realDonaldTrump. Sick with ego, false pride, greed and a lack of grace or humility. I wouldn’t want to be your soul when it comes time to meet the God you profess to follow. #ReligiousHypocrite
No they don't. No we don't. Stop lying and stop trying to push all this partisan politics crap. All you are doing is making Americans more devisive and there is nothing patriotic about turning neighbors against each other. Hate will not win. #MakeAmericaCivilAgain
#MAGA #DRAINTHESWAMP #KAG #TrumpTheBoss
#TrumpNobelPeacePrize
Every normal human being in the whole universe HATES YOUR FUCKING GUTS YOUR ORANGE, ORANGUTAN , TRAITOR, LYING POS!

Dont target the left if you won't also target the right.  Both sides are greedy and hurt the American people.  Work to make them world together and make American a better place. It's not one or the other,  it's both working to create positive compromise.
Where did you get that information? Facts please! The last time I remembered, you are the one who pardoned Arpaio, a criminal who did not follow the Rule of Law and did not uphold the Constitution that he took an oath to do so. So who is letting out the criminals on the streets?
You’ve learned to tell no truths to your many addicts. Makes sense...
That may have played well at the NRA convention, but as for the majority of  Americans...you will not receive any applause, adulation, or a pass.
If a NUT Like You Has A Gun Look Out Everybody As Your Never Know When You Will Go Off 
Those who put the confederate flag, burning crosses, Russia, and corporations above citizens should be removed from office!
#ResignNow
#TrumpIsATraitor
#TrumpIsABigot
#DumbDonny
You’re snorting too much coke.  No one wants to keep guns away from people.  There are simply semi-automatic and automatic guns that must not be in the hands of civilians. These guns are for hunting and inflicting maximum damage to humans. #GunReformNow
FACK U REPUBLICANS/CONSERVATIVES
YA I SAW WHERE OLE ERIC SAWMILL CA WANTS TO TAKE LAW ABIDIN CITIZENS GUNS AWAY!! GUESS WAT SAWMILL U AINT GITN MINE!!!! NOW CRAWL BACK N UR  CALILOON POLITICS HOLE AND SHET UP!!!! TO HELL WITH U DAMN GUN HATIN POLITICIANS!!!!! GO AWAY UR IRRELEVANT!!!!!!!
Actually what we want is to see you impeached. There, fixed it!
Hey how many mass shootings since you’ve been in Office? How many of them were illegal aliens & gang members? 

Now I ask.....How many were you’re very fine people? 

YA... I thought so! 

#LOSER
There were just as many if not more under obama
Another bright one eh?
I’m serious look it up obama did nothing to decrease violence in our country
I know exactly what your talking about mass shootings seriously obama did nothing about them
Tool
Let’s go!!! 2018 Mid-terms.. We all need to rally and not think elections will just be won.. WE ALL need to get out and back out President by voting the correct people into office come November. Don’t let the Dirty Liberals take advantage this year!! Get out and vote!!!
You're a criminal.
And asshloes who repeatedly use straw man tactics shouldn't be President!

Yet here we are...
They will need to pry my gun from my cold dead hands!
I totally agree!!!  Those lame brains shouldn't be in office!!!
We’ll be voting you and your party out soon enough
Please stop spreading your propaganda
You should be out of office. You said you would unite the parties, all you do disparage and divide!
Ya know something Donnie? I know RUGS that don’t lie as much as you.
Nobody is coming for anyone’s guns you ignominious poltrune!
Politicians who put lobbyists before citizens should be voted out of office.
The problem with YOUR warped and syphilis eroded brain is that AMERICANS DON'T want to see the American PEOPLE dying ANYMORE from GUN VIOLENCE because PROFITS are more important than LIVES!!!!
You fooled no one. Your being used by the right and some of the left..... that’s all I got the rest is up to you and your lack of humanity.
Pocahontas Warren wants more gun control in the Nation and Mass. Our GOP Gov Baker said it best: Mass has some of strictest GUN LAWS, and we don’t need any more changes! Let’s round up all the US CITIZENS weapons AND GIVE THEM TO GANG MEMBERS so we cannot protect ourselves! Sick!
Bot
That’s because democrats and liberals control house and senate. So can pass the laws they want. All have White House so get bills  signed law without question.  NOT !
Where are the tribunals? This is getting old real quick. Do something to show us and the world your not playing games. Take these enemies out.
