
#RedWaveRising2018
#RedWaveRising2018 #MAGA
#MAGA #TRUMP #USA
‘The Ambassador to Germany HASN’T been approved yet. We have Angela Merkel coming to the #USA and we STILL DON’T have our Ambassador APPROVED!…
#MAGA #USA #Macron
#MAGA #KAG #DeepState #USA
‘James Comey is the poster boy for SANCTIMONIOUS, moral hypocrisy. ... Before you try to take the SPECK out of SOMEBODY ELSE’s eye you oughta remove the BOARD that’s sticking out of YOUR OWN eye. That’s…
Another SPECIAL ELECTION won by a REPUBLICAN! America is WOKE!!

#RedWaveRising #KAG #USA
Silent?
Congrats on barely winning what should have been a red landslide.
Meanwhile, the 40th district flip since you were elected goes to Steve Sterns. You’re pretty quiet about all these flips to blue and near wins in hard red states.
Put it this way if the Dems ever did win there'd be Revolutionary War. The Dems will never run the White House again ever.


LOL!  Yes, and the National Enquirer also stated that Big Foot married the Loch Ness Monster in a flying saucer from Atlantis over the Bermuda Triangle.
Higher taxes, more government, gun control, 3 vamping the Constitution. Nothing but control over the American people never going to happen.
Barely!
Can you believe how close that election was? Like @TheRickWilson says, everything Trump touches dies.
How is @FLOTUS today? You never tweet about her.
‘Agent M’  2018 


Ok, this is just adorable 

Fact Check: It was a single digit win in a district Trump won by double digits. It wasn’t supposed to be competitive. Big win? In Arizona, this is a trouncing.
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has #chosen as His own #inheritance.
So, the Bible was written by Jews, and the “chosen” people were Jewish.  Go figure.  What does that say about the rest of humanity?  THINK ABOUT IT!
The press is silent because she is a Republican and they’re pissed off a Democrat didn’t win so now it’s starting to sink in that their blue wave is not as strong as they thought it was and now see a Red Tsunami headed their way ! I love it !
Red tsunami  what a joke. A republican barely won a district that Trump won by 20+ points. Dems are sweeping the House clean of Republican trash.
Lmfao deep state. You're really gullible aren't you? Just like "drain the swamp", when he flooded it. Do you hate lgbtq people and the right to live in peace? Why does someone's bodily makeup concern you? BTW, read the Second Amendment and check the Obama deportation numbers.
"I have nothing against lgbtq rights." 

Then you go on to say that it isn't needed that we protect their rights just as you and I. When someone has their rights violated, yeah, they're a victim.
5% is certainly NOT BIG in a red district, however, a win is a win. Enjoy it while you can Dotard. #BlueWave2018
Congratulations on shaving nearly 20 points off a GOP assured win! See you in November!
*whispers* I’m being cruel. He won’t last till November.
I think I would be worried more about my country then I would America your prime minister is a complete idiot and the resistance is nothing but a joke I guess you just like to play dress up
That punctuation, though. The more "God" and "America" in their profile write up, the dumber they sound.
KILL PUTIN! KILL RUSSIA
To your already colossal & ever-growing list of well documented domestic & international criminal activities, we may now safely add lying to the FBI about your 2013 visit to Russia. 

If you had a dollar for every crime you’ve committed, you’d actually be a billionaire right now.
Resign
With apologies to our porcine brothers and sisters everywhere.
The press isn’t silent. They have been reporting on her win. They’re also reporting how you are killing the large red states previous double digit wins, bigly! November will be fun! You are the #TrumpKissOfDeath #BlueWave2018

If only you would be so silent we would all be better off
Massive!!
Best President ever
We support you all the way Mr President 
No we don’t
You are in the minority
I slipped and fell and my penis fell into stormy Daniels.  I am a god loving christian.   God loves the man that grabeth the vagina
Such hatred towards success.
Such love for treason.
Where's the proof? I'm sure your woman will be exposed real soon.
Not silent liar. And the point spread should have you worried - bigly. Resign.
Red Wave Rising
Can’t wait for the big blue tantrum in November 
She barely won in a county you won by 21 points. Maybe Fox is silent, but it's all over the other news. We're coming for you! 

#BlueTsunami2018
MAGA
AMERICA WAS ALWAYS GREAT
Until the left started making everything pc
One one hand, there's over the top PC, but on the other hand, there's not being an insensitive a-hole.
It’s Arizona? It’s not exactly a surprise
Actually, the press is far from silent. Pull your head out of your ass, switch the channel from Trump TV to something that’s credible and you’ll find out. Enjoy that. Sad!
red state - not so big...
you nearly cost her the win!
you need to tweet more

#haiku  #LockHimUp  #FollowTheMoney #TrumpRussiaCollusion #MuellerTime #BlueWave
Big. 
Are you aware there are millions of folks wishing YOU would be silent.. ?
Suck it: Democrat Steve Stern beat out Janet Smitelli (R) for AD-10, a Long Island seat, with 59 percent of the vote.
deep state is conspiracy theory b******* so right there you've lost everybody.  Democrats want to let in all illegal aliens yeah okay. political correctness is not a policy 
Yeah that's a stupid point.
Oh well let's see, because you act like people being nice to each other is wrong somehow
How was that "njet" overnight stay in Moscow
I guess in your hands a win by 5% looks like a “big” win...
Average age of voters is 67
And she only won by 5%
Kinda sad.!!
Can't wait until you are silent in jail.
Not only silent on Debbie's win, Fox News televised President Macron's full speech to congress today.  CNN didn't show one minute of it.  Instead CNN spent their entire time trying to tear down Dr. Jackson for VA Administrator.
5% is not a big win.  We are closing the gap.  Winter is coming.
53% in a red district. Not much of a win.
You won the district by 20 points.

She won by 5.

You better hope the press stays silent.
TRUMP IS STILL SILENT ON THIS "WHITE TERRORIST" #WAFFLEHOUSESHOOTING
#GunReformNow
He's already forgotten about it! If he knew anything about it at all! Did @FoxNews cover that story?
Wow, this court case is truly something. Child rape, Epstein... damn!!

Big win???  =A Red Republican district that you won by 20 points, yet, Tipirneni shaved off 15 whole points from.... not something to celebrate....not "big". Republicans are in big trouble.
You’re going to jail! 
Press is silent? It's been on the news. You lie.
You really bring out the best in America Mr Trump! So lucjey we have you!!

FYI The press isn’t silent about this they’re explaining what’s going to happen now because she only won by five and the Republicans should be very worried if you would watch something besides FOXNews you would learn something.
Fake news says a lot like Trump isn't going to win just a reminder for you
I don't think these are ethical or moral behaviors for a modeling agency. Do you?

https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/986632737128960000 … #TrumpSexProbe
And incredible & surreal look at how @realDonaldTrump used his modeling agencies and pageants for sex-trafficking in NYC.

https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2016/10/6/1578544/-The-Untold-Story-of-Trump-Model-Management-A-Daily-Kos-Exclusive-Part-1 …

Press is not silent. They're all marveling that she only won by a few points in a district you won by 21 points in 2016! If this trend continues there will indeed be a #BlueTsunami in November. This district should have been a blowout for the GOP. It wasn't.

I guess they postponed the yesterday. Oh well, on to the next.
15 point Democratic swing in this District. NYS Senate seat held for FOUR DECADES by a Republican flipped blue. 40 seats flipped Blue nationwide since Trump became President. "Nothing in the world is more dangerous than SINCERE ignorance"
If you feel so strongly Craig then maybe you should learn a lil more and read up on things. Since Ignorance doesn't have to be permanent.  You can always change.
And what exactly should he be reading up on?
hey lady lol
Hey! I am still on R&R but I haven't been on Facebook very often for the last month or so
yeah, me either...ryan is gone! 
LMAO I saw that! Took it a little too far by getting his buddies to threaten someone. We always knew he was a douchebag. But I do kind of miss proving him wrong constantly LOL
It was a SINGLE digit win in a district Trump won by DOUBLE digits in REPUBLICAN leaning ng Arizona....#Losing
It’s an indication that the GOP will be trounced in November!
It's called a special election. Historically speaking, Republicans do not turnout in high numbers for em. Do some research. The Senate and House are ours. Keep praying boo.
See you in 2018.

So, you're unable to extrapolate that 2018 is in reference to the midterms. I guess I shouldn't be surprised...
Sweetie, no one refers to the election as "2018" anymore. That was 2017. This is 2018 now. We say, "See you in November." Are you a Russian bot or something?
You know who else has been silent lately?  Your wife.

It would help if you weren't a cheater.
I congratulate, both Ms.Debbie Lesko ( Rep.) And  Pres. Donald J. Trump for this success.
Speaking of silent, you’ve been conspicuously silent regarding the bravery of James Shaw in preventing a mass shooting in a Nashville Waffle House from being far worse. He is a hero.
I find it amusing that some of the posts here talk about a red tsunami. Don't these people know that the House & Senate are already red?? And some quoting the Bible for a narcissistic, lying, gluttonous, adulterous, misogynistic, corrupt, hate-filled bully? #10Commandments
I am struck by the "theft" of our #BlueWave and #BlueTsunami tags! 

Real shame the "Red" side don't appear to have any creativity of their own.

#Sad.  LOL
Please, Vote & Retweet so we can get many people participating in this critical question!
Are you bracing President Trump's agenda acknowledging "America First" on all matters?
That WOULD be your idea of "big," wouldn't it, Spanky? LMAO
Speaking of congratulations,  how about the young African American man that stopped the waffle house shooter in Nashville UNARMED?
The real cause of AZ low rank in student testing is curriculum being slowed in ALL classes to allow ESL students to keep up. They need their own classroom.  But no one has the guts to say that.
We need English to be an official language, because of the current Least Restrictive Environment law (all inclusive, not separated). Such as Special Ed, students shouldn't be pulled out of class for extra help, but it's difficult meeting individual needs with variety of students
That's because the socialist far left-wing liberals R infiltrating Arizona in every way possible, including education & the leader of the #AZTeacherStrike today.  Combined with #AZ #RINO s this is a VERY serious situation. And #DebbieLesko is doing her part to counter it! #MAGA
MS is trying to get a constitutional conservative GOP there to help.  State Senator Chris McDaniel is the best.  .@senatormcdaniel  please offer him an endorsement
I'm a single dad and I need to find a place to take my kids while these teachers hold my kids education hostage and manipulate me.  Twitter is trying to censor me. Please help!
In a district you won by 21 points where Republican candidates had been running UNOPPOSED. LOL #BlueWave2018
Thank God that the voters are waking up. Congratulations to our party for the win.

Nothing to say about NY? Turned it Blue 
Can't stop thinking about  Hillary Clinton and her big win in the Popular Vote, i'm still so butthurt about this that i can't take a seat. Hillary would have done a Great Job! Cohen will stay so silent... and take the 5th. #GUILTY
Sir.    Appoint Retired General Robert Ivany of Houston as Sec of VA.    Perfect fit.        K Mattox
Big win? Really? Much like the "big crowd" during ur inauguration? She barely won what should've been a landslide win in a red state. Why she even won is the bigger silent question.
TRUMP
Yes press is so silent just like u  Trump for the owner operators n small trucking businesses u got our vote but since u have ignored us why #eldorme #mondayinformation

I really didn't need to see this before lunch...
Press is silent. But us PATRIOTS ARE LOUD #MAGA
What big win fake president?
State Senator Debbie Lesko defeated Democrat Hiral Tipirneni, a cancer-research advocate and former ER doctor, with a margin of 5.2% in a district that went for Trump in 2016 by 21%. 
Tipirneni earned nearly 47% of the vote in such a deeply red district. #BlueWave
#DrZaibKhan: @GOP need to have women representatives to get majority in #US #Congress
Allah 'belanı versin o.c
That is the msm's way to try to influence others. When a leftist wins they talk about it for a long time. When a conservative wins, crickets. But the media has lost all credibility with the majority of America. Thanks to President Trump, we know the truth!
@realDonaldTrump Thank you to the BEST PRESIDENT OF THE WORLD 
You’re pretty silent about the Waffle House mass murder. #traitor
Stop voter fraud before November or expect a much harder fight & possibly impeachment! That lunatic MadMax Waters is criminally insane!
So much for the Democrat momentum!  @POTUS made it happen.  Thank you, Mr. President. We will always be with you.  God is conservative. 

Stop calling them press & call them by their actual titles & the world will change on a dime! When you shine the light upon the PROPAGANDISTS they fade! Hold a presser and tell the 
W O R L D about these seditious propagandists! The  L I G H T kills the D A R K N E S S.
She had boots on the ground. The young Lady that paid me a visit brought tears to my eyes & gave me hope that all of todays youth are not lost.
Mr. President, you need some real help draining the swamp! @senatormcdaniel will help you!
And you’re so silent about #policebrutality
Congratulations Debbie 
Sir I am big fan off you

Good thing for her that you waited til after she was elected to mention her name. #poisonpotus
Just like you are silent about James Shaw Jr saving those people at the Waffle House shooting with his bare hands. He also set up a GoFundMe to raise $165,000 for the victims families.
BIGLY win by 11,000 votes. November is right around the corner. #BlueWave
#AlternativeFacts Don, Debbie’s win has been reported by all major news outlets. @EPAScottPruitt hearings starting to overshadow, for good cause. #dumppruitt #FirePruittNow #FirePruitt
She won by 5 points.  Dems got this in November
Congrats
Just like you about the gunman in Tennessee and the hero that wrestled the gun away from him!  Where were you??
Well done !!
Great news. But, you can really use that term "press" very loosely.  We do.
#DrZaibKhan:#PresidentTrump has great foresight in choosing good nominees! #TrumpTrainWin2020
Hahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!  No one other than @realDonaldTrump can pack so many lies into so few words. She won by 16% less of a margin than the last general election in a deeply red district engaging in active voter disenfranchisement. #MissingVoterIDs
Great news!
Silent? Change the channel A$$hole.
Sorry, Dumbo. The press has been all over this endlessly since Tuesday. The problem, Dumbo, is that you don't read and you only watch Fox News. If FN say "no one is covering this," you believe their lie. Just as you want us to believe all your lies.
SHE will destroy everything like you did \ what a shame
Big win??
When it comes to broadcasting or saying anything positive and objective,  #Msm & the #press has big huge coconuts stuck in there mouths. Yes, that includes you #CNN, you've truly entered the pathetic zone.
She barely won her district that your carried by 21 points in 2016. Proof that everything you touch turns TOXIC. #TrumpTitanic #UnfitForOffice #RESIGN
I'm a single dad and I need somewhere to take my kids while these teachers blackmail and manipulate me.
"Big win"? Republican vote percent dropped 16 points. Another 4 points and the district will turn blue.
It wasn't big, idiot. By 5 pts.
Um...I see articles about it. What websites are you going to for your news? Or if not online l, what channels do you watch? My point is the press is not silent on this, sir. So...
As are you about James Shaw Jnr.
What big win? She won by the skin of her teeth! NOT GOOD!
It was a humiliating squeaker for the GOP
Congratulations Blessings
Her win was as big as your inaugural crowd, LOL.   She won by 5 points in an overwhelmingly red district; and her win was covered by EVERYBODY. #AlternativeFacts
Who else would do a good job? A special counsel to investigate the special counsel.
Yeah, because now they are mostly talking about news from overnight about who’s car got totaled, and who was the latest victim in a killing.
The press isn’t silent. They’re talking about the closer-than-ever gap between your precious republican and the democratic candidate. We’re coming for you, Donald. #2018Midterms
The media is too busy trying to figure out how to spin this story.  They say that she is actually showing a lost for you, because she did not win by a large enough margin. The media is truly mental.
Yes. Keep the #MAGA train rolling.
You almost made it through a full tweet without shitting on anybody. Almost.
Thanx
You won one after losing how many? You will be silent come November. Who am I kidding? You can’t be silent.
GOGRETULATIONS 

Press is not silent. I saw it on CNN. I am disappointed but PRESS IS STILL DOING THEIR JOB!
It was a small win, Chuckles. Didn't you read about them?  So small she's not likely to win the general election to come.
Big-haha.
Fuck you I was thinking you can do good job as president .but you just do what  wankas tell you to do .just stop war if you Gona try to go in the new war ,We ALL GONa FuCkInG die
It was a small win,as in not by much and we are stealing this seat back soon,don’t get comfy. Also...she is being investigated for election fraud...so good beginnings
Woohoo! Single digit win! In a traditionally Republican state! Where you won by 21 points! In other words, the clue bus hasn’t arrived, yet, has it? #trumpisamoron

That is awesome
The press isn’t silent....they are talking about your unhinged interview with fox and friends.
Liar. The media covered Lesko’s AZ win.
Because everyone is covering your buddy Cohen taking the 5th amendment “that’s what the mob does” DJT, and the “Pay to Play” by Mulvaney, the best people ??
LOL You won that district by 21%, Romney won it by 25%.  It's such a RED district that the Dems haven't fielded a challenger for over a DECADE.  So the fact Debbie Lesko won it by 5% is bad news for the GOP.  lolol.  But yeah keep talking.
Silent??????? Why have you not addressed the shootings at the Waffle House??? Why???
Anyone this yr voting  Dem would be a 100% OAFISH- Bahahahaha #MAGA —Media shmedia
Silent like you are about the black folks shot but the white guy at the waffle house, Donald?
Gee potus not so big.. You wont win 2020 cause dems rep and indep..we america are tired of you lies.. You golf more than the last 4 pres.. You lie more than any ores.. I regret voting for you.. My nightmare you have oroved. I am done with gop unless you dont run
#DownWithUSA
#مرگ_بر_آمریکا 
#对美国的死亡
#الموت_لأمريكا
#MuerteaAmérica
Actually,was not a "big" win. Not surprising to hear this from a lying dumbass who thought his inauguration was "Yuge", though
Big win? Your dementia kicking up again asshole?
Wish you were.

PLEASE
STOP
TWEETING

That's because Arizona is Republican. Admagin if California flipped. That would be history in the making.
Our President is Doing a Wonderful Job!
Good everening sir,
That’s funny because the press ISN’T EVEN REMOTELY SILENT about this. But you can’t read, so...
Funny, because I saw tons of reports on this race.  Everyone was watching it closely.  LIAR.
Big win 3 vs your 21 she got  14% of your voters. Congratulations 86% of you base said fuck no.
Not a big win. You really dragged her down. She shoulda won by 20 points.
@FBI I believe there is a lot of illegal immigrants and non citizens in elected jobs, private business and government jobs throughout Miami Dade County and City of Miami. We are requesting that the FBI investigate this matter by obtaining proof of foreign born citizenship papers

Press is silent because they're busy crying.
To the contrary, press very outspoken.  Lesko's tiny margin of victory -- 20+ points LESS than dominant advantage Republicans in this GOP stronghold has held in recent elections -- has received a LOT of play.  You really should read a newspaper, Spanky.  #FBR #NotMyPresident
The press everywhere covered this, you dope. Once again, you lie, lie, lie.
It was literally the first headline I saw when I woke up...are you high!!?? Cockwomble
Actually the press hasn't been silent Donnie! In fact they can't stop talking about how a 20 pt GOP district has its margin of victory shrunk to 5 when the Dems put no $ into the race and GOP poured $1.5M.  Big beautiful blue wave coming!
She just made it in and the press has made it a point to tell us just how close the race was. something you won by 20 points! GOP is History!
Big win? Interesting concept.
You forgot to mention that she barely won in a district that is overwhelming Republican and the Democrats didn’t spend a dime.  Better watch out The Blue Wave is gonna mess up your hair next November.  #TrumpLies
WE are going to KEEP AZ RED :)
It was not a “big win,” you orange shit gibbon. It was a barely win. You’re the best thing to happen to @TheDemocrats in decades.
MR.PRESIDENT!
Could You Please Start To Show Leadership Knowing That You Are Not President For Republicans But American!
YOU HAVE LOST SIGHT!
WHY CAN'T YOU CONGRATULATE ALL THE WINNERS WHILE ENCOURAGING PARTY MEMBERS TO GO OUT TO VOTE!
You Are No Long Mr Trump But President Trump
MR. PRESIDENT!
Those Who Love And Want You To Succeed Will Tell You What I Have Told You Today!
BUT THOSE SENSELESS SYCOPHANTS SEEKING FOR PUBLICITY AND POST WILL NOT!
2016 HAS COME AND GONE!
My Mission Is To Inspire And Motivate!
https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=la_B00O3TNRZO_B00O3TNRZO_sr?rh=i%3Abooks&field-author=John+Kanu+wOKO&sort=relevance&ie=UTF8&qid=1473382496 …
Amen,he a Idea,use mimm rover to find ,help protect people that be coming up missing,kill by using the mimi rover with Xray
It didn't come out right need to us Mimi air craft with X-ray to find missing person around the city and all schools ,colleges.
He's incapable of closing that shithole mouth of his to do anything worthwhile
Well. Not that big...
And not that silent.
تا خون در رگ ماست #مرگ_بر_آمریکا
No they actually haven’t been silent on it you #loser @JoeNBC & @MSNBC covered it quite extensively. #gaslightingAmerica #FakePresident
In a district that you carried by 20 points she won by less than six against a new comer to politics.  It really shows what you are doing to the Republican Party and this Nation.
39715 39715 39715 39715 70614 29297 41892
Wow you liberals don’t stop YOU LOST again get over it ! Holy cow when Obama was our president we didn’t say a word we let him self destruct! See how easy that was now let this man finish the GREAT job he is doing to make us great again ....
@foxandfriends is not the only press available. 
It's been in newspapers and internet news outlets. 
Oh wait, you don't read. That's why you think the press has been silent.
Really???  Press is silent... MSNBC covered it
Naaa, they're trying to spin this win as a loss.  Typical progressive liberal crap!
Where were all the other Congratulatory tweets for all the other winners little donny?
Not a big win
Don't worry, Donald...we'll win enough of the others to regain the majority.
If only you were.
Might be a little over statement. Why don’t u talk to some of your friends in the house. They seem to have a different take on the situation
Good
She won, that she did but it wasn’t a big win dummy.
Congratulations Debbie.
YES CONGRATULATIONS!! GOOD LUCK
Fake media press.
