Keep up the EXCELLENT WORK Mr. President! Alot of damage control needed from the previous administration.
Of course he will be great, he knows what he is talking about, how refreshing to her someone being able to talk in an adult language too

Working hard for America!!!!!!
Macron better light a fire under Congress’s asses. Yeah he’s a socialist globalist but homeboy gets things done!!!
This is perfect! 
Have your Dr give you some seditives...
Why don’t you guys just kiss do a reach around and move on for goodness sakes lol
We're completely underwhelmed at your inability to properly vet a nominee so important to many of us Veterans. SAD!
We are completely underwhelmed by the music you produce. Sad 
Yeah because that music is ALMOST as important as a president doing his job to protect our veterans.
Awww so dramatic. Snowflakes can dish it out but not take it
Still projecting, Duval. I’m looking forward to the moment you and your fellow myopic cretins realize you are attempting, very poorly, to defend a pseudo-president. He couldn’t care less about people like you and me. Just an administration of fluffers. #schadenfreudecoming
Your guilt trip is not working man I’m still conservative
He'll certainly be better than you!
Busy day planned, you say?
Here’s Trump’s public schedule for tomorrow. (Public schedules don’t include all of a president’s activities.) 
And you better be careful with Macron, you’re making Putin jealous.
You’ll be busy “watching” somebody?

That’s an honor generally reserved just for Fox News (and pornstars). 

I’m sure he’s flattered. 

#LazyDonald
God's watching
Never before in history! A one-time-only offer! See it with your own eyes!
Yet you still ignore the hero James Shaw Jr! I starting to think these racism claims about you are true



He threw shade all over you
Ask @MELANIATRUMP what it's like to be married to a LOSER.
Winner *
Fake Prez, the 
Are you in kindergarten?  It's called doing your job!  Why must you announce everything?
Someone has a crush
It’ll be the cleanest, most intelligible and articulate English spoken to congress by a world leader since your election. A leader whose first language is French.
He is preaching Globalism and Bogus Climate change,  I REJECT IT! #MAGA
#MAGAT Bot
Can you please stop watching President Macron the way you have ? Its making us uncomfortable.
Repeat after me...Trump 2020
Repeat after me. Russian Bot.
Where did you learn grammar?
Macron probably can’t believe he has to spend another day with you .
It will be great to hear from a real leader. Not a lying, racist, trader like you.
A brave young man stops the carnage of a mass shooting. President is so silent.
#Mississippi #clarionLedger #Midterms2018 #BlueWaveComing #StopGerrymandering #RegisterToVote #GOPcrooksandliars #GOPhastocheattowin #BlueWavewillWashFilthAway @SenatorWicker @CongPalazzo #CindyTrumpSmith @senatormcdaniel #FlipItBlue @clarionledger @sunherald @MSTODAYnews #Racist
Best wishes for you, Mr. President. from Korea....
Please,  please, have someone inform Trumphow the Iran Nuclear treaty works.  He is making such a fool of himself.
If he does it in French I'll laugh. #MAGA
#MAGA all day, every day!
Bet Macron says something you aren't expecting and do not like during today's address.  
You have represented America with great honor.
Yes, he's managed to get by without calling Macron some childish nickname. There's a win!
Macron was great! Stood up against all Trumps policies! 
Yall are so cute together...
Is there no age restriction on having a Twitter acct.?
I guess it's just another conspiracy you can look into lol
Please, Vote & Retweet so we can get many people participating in this critical question!
Are you bracing President Trump's agenda acknowledging "America First" on all matters?

President Macron, indeed, was excellent.
He did well on his speech although I disagree With most he had to say .... stay the course Mr. President you haven’t disappointed yet and everyone wants to tell you what and how you should be doing #Trump2020
That was just beyond rude and totally unnecessary...pointing out on camera that the President of France has dandruff.  At least he has real hair.  Jealous, Donald?
he is...love your profile pic btw!
ROCK-N-ROLL is the one thing he can't take away from me!
i agree...ESPECIALLY the beatles!
Mac gonna sweet talk some dat GLOBALISM.
How much are you getting paid? Worse yet you’re not and you actually support this doofus.

Adorable baby 





And big COJONES
Macron does an HONOR to the Congress, NOT TO YOU! You're bad for the world. VERY

You know I ain't republican (I respect them) and even less pro trump. That DOESN'T make me pro Crooked hillary either. Simplification of politics and reality's a problem.
I'm pro-Trump. He's a housekeeper for the liberal mess.
Liberal mess? All the numbers (whether you like Obama or not, using eco-social criteria and NOT only wall Street and/or friends from exxon) tell the contrary!
For me Trump represents the last stance of bigotery of frustrated WASP supremacy agains't an open and globalized world
That's the CNN script.
I don't watch CNN that much... I could mirror your argument with a simple: "that's th FOX NEWS script" Lo que es igual no es trampa! Igual my friend, we can agree to disagree about Trump and still be aligned for Venezuela's FREEDOM which our mayor concern as venezuelans. :)
You wouldn’t know a busy day if it bit you on the trump. 

LAZIEST. PRESIDENT. EVER.
That you know is a lie, he would do cycles around obuma.
Obama was up by 7 and went to bed after 1am.  He worked in between those hours.  Trump?  He tweets and watches fox.  Yeah, cycles for sure, in your dreams!
Obama could beat trump at golf, presidenting, successfully staying married, not buying abortions for his side women, not having baby mamas other than his wife, truth-telling, & any other metric you can name. trump is a failure at everything except COLLUSION with Russia & TREASON.
Show me the colulsion I will wait.
I rarely argue with bots that have 9 followers, as they’re usually located in Moscow. I’ve wasted more than enough time with you, Comrade. I’ll let Mueller show you, & Donny Dimwit, the actual charges.

Das vidanya.
Ok still waiting.
you still only have 9 followers bot!
Hey Trump I see you hate Oregon so much but you like us when it comes to our local wines to have at your big fancy dinner parties.But what do i know i am just a Hippie...Rght! I'd rather be a Hippie than a LIAR like you!

I am glad you liked that Randy!And we know its true...!!
lol yes mam
With all the bad shit  i say about Trump i will probably never be able to get a pass port...they are watching me...Big Brother...lol!!
I was sitting here thinking I need to get moving read that started laughing and now I'm ready thanks 
YOU Are Very Welcome Randy!!I hope you have a good day!!
Thank you , you too lol 
It was great and looks like you lost yet another boyfriend. You really can’t keep a fella.
He WAS great, spoke better than you in a non-native language. Was able to address Congress without reading verbatim from the script like you need to do.
And, shooting down all your policies in your backyard & received a standing ovation. #uradumbass #playedu
I call that a success!
Your day may be planned, but your planned cuts to planned pregnancy are no longer planned. Another loss in the Courts. It must be hard for someone who is used to being a lying bully to get what they want to be told to play by the rul S for a change!
He was great. Especially since he refuted almost everything you espouse. You are a chucklehead.
You are truly amazing and productive! Thank you for all of your hard work to win America back from progressive failures!
Watched the french Mo Fu, A Fu ing u in his address to Congress. u sore still ???? 
You embarrass us every single day. All of the real world leaders who care about their country & their people have to tell you how wrong you are. Please quit.

He WAS great! In fact, he was SPECTACULAR! France actually has a President with REAL balls and knows how to lead the world! He exposed you as the fucking dotard you are.... to the world!
Thank you for grooming Macron.  Yes, he is a real leader.  #ImpeachTrump
You were right. Macron gave a great speech today. Maybe you should have one of your toadies explain its meaning to you.
Idiot
He ripped you a new one!
Yeah he fucked you up real good
Yeah it’ll be refreshing to watch a real president make intelligent and lucid and responsible remarks unlike the buffoon we have in office... take note Donnie and take heed and really pay attention to a real president.. maybe you’ll learn something
He totally smoked you. Resign you embarrassing oaf.
Great speech.  Did you attend?  Did you listen?
Did Spanky applaud?
ok

"Let us work together in order to make our planet great again ... There is no Planet B" -Emmanuel Macron
He was! He dressed you down without uttering your name. Loved it.
Shameful how a foreign leader has a better command of English than our own POTUS. Wish we had a POTUS we could, if not agree with, at least respect. Dark times in the USA.
It is a open discussion to have direct interaction , so all congress can talk and discuss directly and efficiently, and bring faster conclusions to complicated issue ..only smart people can arrange this for high efficiency meeting
You will be impeached.
You miss holding his has hand?  You looked so gay......
"How you like me now?" Emmanuel Macron right after his speech to Congress.
I’m sure you’re viewing party was interesting to say the least.
Remember to follow ur instinct...Negotiate terms and Keep USA Safe...Negative is Everywhere...some people be aware of your success
alpha male..meet old gorilla
Is his goal to bring down the cost of prostitution and lap dances here in the US ???
I'm sorry that would be Putin !!!
Hvcxxx mbBhbDbm
How'd you like it
Haha. He down trousers you.
The 41-45 minute stretch was great. ( not particularly trumpian, but both rational and cogent)
Pity he trashed your whole agenda .
I really loved Pres. Macron’s speech which got standing ovations from the Republicans on every single Democrat talking point!  Thank You Pres. Macron!


Donald Trump, September 2016:

‘Only guilty people plead the fifth’

Michael Cohen, April 2018:

‘I’m asserting my rights under the fifth amendment’

Case closed
Did Trump????
Viva Macron he dissed you trump lol. Go fire Pruitt and do something right.
That was a great speech from a real President. No Trumpism, Climate Change, no Nationalisme. I LOVED IT!




I'll bet you didn't like what he said. He knows that if he flatters you, he can get anything he wants. Everyone knows that. And yes, he was GREAT.
Keep doing what you’re doing POTUS - don’t let those swamp creatures stop you from working to make America Great Again !!  DEMS absolutely suck !!
His speech was brilliant. I liked the bit where he shat all over isolationism and nationalism. That was a good bit.
Macron was very presidential and was more representative of the wishes of the American people that you. Yes Paris Climate Accord, keep the Iran nuclear deal, say NO to extreme nationalism! Watch him and learn!
#DownWithUSA
Donnie Boy, So you were looking forward to watching President Macron address Congress and criticize/rebuke you and your policies RE: nationalism vs globalism, the Iran deal, free trade, and the climate control agreement. You are a real basket case.
Heh heh.  Sike!
After that speech do you still consider him a good guy, Chuckles?
"We can choose isolationism, withdrawal and nationalism ... but closing the door to the world will not stop the evolution of the world." -Emmanuel Macron

We need a VA director, the VA is still a mess, whats even worse Congress and the Senate many have never made a public statement, like Schumer. about the 4000 dead wrongful death cases sitting at the DOD, I am a huge supporter of you because of your love for the military, SOS
Tore you up! Bahahaha
When is your meeting with Kanye?
We will see.!
He was great. He threw your ideas under the bus. Totally opposite on all your policies. Vive La France!
It was pretty fun listening to him take shots at your nationalistic and isolationist views. But then again he used words with more than 2 syllables, so I’m not sure how much if it you understood. 
Hahaha... He schooled you on climate change ignorance

Vive la différence !!!un des deux est brillant !!!  
#ImpeachTrumpNow 
#WorstPresidentEver 
#Kleptocracy 
#25thAmendmentNow
He did a great job, and showed everyone that you are a lesser man.
Dude, he roasted you.
But you’ll never be great!
Macron did a great job ripping you a new one. https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/25/politics/emmanuel-macron-donald-trump-congress-politics/index.html …  #MorallyUnfit #BlueWave2018 #ObstructionOfJustice #Mueller
not true
Macron was great and pointed up just how NOT great you are. #MAGA #Macron #ImpeachTrump
Has your head exploded yet Spanky?  That WAS a great speech! The player got played.  Bigtime!   Want some more "Freedom fries" with that burger?
Apparently he has! I just watched the insane rant on FAUX NEWS! He needs immediate psychological help!
"...seldom allowed to be done..."???

Yeah...it's only happened 112 TIMES SINCE 1874!
And after, if you behave, we can take you out for ice cream.
He WAS great. Repudiated just about everything you stand for. And got standing ovations on both sides of the aisle. What does that tell ya?

LOL LOL HE PLAYED YOU LIKE THE CHEAP WIND UP CLOWN YOU ARE!
Macron rolled u.He let u smooze in the 1st day,then he ripped u apart in the joint session of Congress.(no nationalism,no pulling out of Iran deal,the global climate agreement) You thought u had him wrapped around your tiny finger & he played u. Same will happen w/Kim Jung un.
Great President
Nice interview on Fox. Talk about shooting you in the foot. You show yourself in the leg u dummy. I hope your base comes to see who u really are
Can you confirm he was GREAT?
An important Ally.
好
Noticed @POTUS hasn’t commented after @EmmanuelMacron trashed his host and his positions at congress! You knew Macron was a snake Donald and @WhiteHouse
The greatest achievement of Donald Trump is the reconciliation and friendship between Korea and North Korea after years of hostility and hostility, as well as North Korean nuclear disarmament talks and talks with the United States. The facts must be said. congratulations
And he WAS! He ate your damn LUNCH, you JOKE!  MACRON FOR PREZ!!! 
His wife is old
Macron is a globalist sent scold you and our agenda.
Again lmao at your ignorance & gulliblility
https://www.ravenslogic.com/2018/04/how-to-remove-dark-spots-doctors-advice.html …
Yep.....
Dude, he's just not that into you!!
We haven't heard a great speech since 2016!!  Climate change is real you orange troll!!  #Marconcantteachyou #Amanwithabrain #44forevergreat #asswipe #yousuck #Shitholepresident #Shutthehellup
Keep up the great work!!!
President Trump graciously hosted a world leader who, a year ago, had nothing good to say about him. Hats off to President Trump!
Go gettem Donnie
Looking forward to listening to a man that speaks English and is an articulate leader. Nice for a change
السماح لمن معكم وقد فعلها نتنياهو من قبل فرنسا مع الكونجرس سيادة الرءيس  Donald J Trump
Puipppppppppp
He was great. You were dull, no matter how well you tried to read your speech and make hand jesters like a girl. You fell short again 
Wonder if your wife will come to your funeral if you had passed away I have to wonder that have to wonder who would come to you maybe the ones that really don't care anymore I'm not sure you're not making the world Happy
Except for his open border beliefs...
He would be even greater if he came around to your Nationalist way of thinking. :D
Macron is a globalist and a climate changer advocate! We hope you do not follow what he is advocating!
Macron is an EU globalist who believes that half of Africa and the Mid East moving into Europe is the natural order of things.
Yes, was great watching him call you out on climate change!!
Hopefully by the time we're done maybe you Bill Cosby can share cell maybe we can send you some postcards so we have something to read can you even read mr. Trump shoot a lot of s*** but doesn't look like you know how to read clearly you haven't looked at what you're dealing with
That people with small head, firat twitter block I ever did, the guy with the huge snake in the profile? Yeah u can have that bs back
I'm tickled pink that #Macron  slapped your policies. I hope you listened, but, sadly, you probably didn't understand any of it.
Hope you heard his comments on the Paris climate accord.  D’accord?
No one cares, we are waiting for you to resign!
We all enjoy hearing the leader of the Free World speak. Not too complimentary to you, tho.
He doesn't like what you and the GOP party are doing though.  That did come across rather nicely.  Perhaps you should listen to him since you seem to respect him.
Get out of the White House. Let the grown ups govern. Get out on the golf course. Take some lessons first.
Is this a start of a bromance??? Inquiring minds want to know.
When French President E. Macron (a globalist stooge Politician) speaks, it's Macron's lips moving but George Soros voice will be coming out of his mouth!
President Macron will do a great job. Wishing our First Lady a Very Happy Birthday.   America loves you Melania.
Except Macroon went off the rails with global warming and Iran. We need not take advice from a Country that is a mess socially and financially
How about how the American workers have been mistreated by coporste America?  Apple is a big part of that mistreatment.
He was great. At critizing You. But You're too dumb to even understand that...
He was great
You do realize that Macron is playing you like a fiddle! Or are you too stupid to realize it? All that lovey dovey stuff...hahahaha
You were so played!


Didn’t you just love Macron’s address?
Inspiring speech by President Macron. "There is no planet B!.
I bet you don't do that again..bahaha..oh my, that was great! Macron called you and your policies out and was correct.
Is he still banging that geriatric
