Separation of church and state mean anything to you.
#ReleaseThePeeTape
Love this and stolen. 
Except drugged-up losers amiright? 
Even lost sheep.  
Missing my point.
God blesses USA and France. Long life for Pres. Trump and Pres. Macron
The hatred of the dems for Trump increases as his successes increases.
Nice sentiment... but please give credit to the author... tell us, who wrote that for you mr president?
There's no God in my soul
For God so loved the world that He sent His One and Only Son, that whosoever should believe in Him, shall not perish, but have everlasting life.
Believe and Receive the Gift of God, Eternal Life, Through His Son, the Lord, Jesus Christ 
Simply say, Lord Jesus, I need You..
Dear White House staffer, you are going to have to dumb down your style considerably if you really want us to believe that Trump wrote this post.
Exactly! And did you see this:

Macron skewers trumpism: "We have to fight against the ever-growing virus of fake news... The corruption of information is an attempt to corrode the very spirit of our democracies." (via ABC)
You "recognize the image of God in every human soul"? You forgot to add "if they are white, rich and claim they are Christian".
I am white, Christian and poor. I love Trump and will vote for him again. #MAGA
My condolences.

Emmanuel Macron ripped apart Trump's climate change denial in front of Congress — and got a standing ovation for it 

4 ways you can tell Trump didn't write this tweet:
1) No random capitalizations
2) No misspellings
3) The last word is not "SOUL!"
4) Trump didn't take credit for creating republics, civilization or God.

On the other hand, that first sentence is nonsensical, so maybe he did.
Are atheists not among “our people”?
Yes, even atheists are made in God's image. They just dont realize what they're looking at in the mirror.
Nope France does not recognize any god, we're a laic republic
(secular)
Yes secular.  And laic :-)
Watching Macron play you so exquisitely is a joy to watch.  He's smooth, handsome, smart and compassionate.  All the things you are not.
#MAGA2018
#MAGA2020
#QAnon 
@realDonaldTrump 
#DrainTheSwamp

Wish there were MORE white hats in the world, don’t you?
Damn, you had Miller write that one, didn't you? Cuz you know squat about French history...or ours.
Wonderful #MyPresident
Oh, c'mon! Who wrote this? Did Macron write this? Macron! Hey, Macron! Did you write that tweet??? Y'all can tell us! Won't tell a soul! We swear!

OMG! This is so funny 
That’s not what he said.
He said it but he didn't write it!
Boy, he sure rebuked everything you stand for today in front of the joint session from climate change to the Iran nuclear deal. I don't really that you share much at all with Macron's ideals.
If you “recognize them image of God in every human soul”?  Then Why are you deporting the God’s image, Donald?  I don’t think God appreciates fat devils who hijack Christian values to wear around in public to distract from their wickedness.
Everyone is an image of God, dont confuse political boundries with divine providence. Ask Mexico, Guatemala, Belize, Brasil and most latin American countries about boarder security. They'll tell u get a visa, get in line, and if u come illegally u will be deported or imprisoned.
President Trump,
If you can't change Obama care now, please work on getting affordable health care for the,self employed small business owners. For the middle class prices are through the roof!  Bare bones insurance does not fly!
The Affordable Care Act is Trumps healthcare now. It's TRUMP CARE. Hee's not going to fix anything that was a lie.
Does this count for the military parade?

A state dinner is not 'your' dinner, Mr. President. You are a representative of the American people living in the tax-payer-funded People's House, which is why you need to invite Democratic members and the press. Bonsoir!  https://politi.co/2JaRQzO  via @politico




Our #FLOTUS once again does an amazing job representing our great country. You must be so proud president Trump. She brings grace and elegance to the White House. Stunning
Did you give him back the Statue of Liberty? With your policies we won't need it.


At $25,000 income a $40 tax is about 500% where as the other is less than 2%. Figures don’t lie but liers figure
Watch it, here he comes...
At least Emmanuel Macron has his head screwed on the right way about these things.  Donald J. Trump does not.

What a hypocritical pile of garbage. On behalf of the British people I say to you. YOU ARE NOT WELCOME IN THE UK? STAY OUT!!!


Macron sure is the man 
Hey 45,

We know THOSE ARE NOT YOUR WORDS...

YOU ARE TOO IGNORANT TO HAVE THOUGHT OF THAT!
I think Macron wrote them and Donnie just copied it verbatim.

Love it!! You and the First Lady are doing such a great job, even amongst all the pushback you get. You certaibly dont deserve it, and we, the peope, are standing strong with you. The left is LOUDER ,, but we are STRONGER!!!
Is that why you see Mexicans as diffrent as Americans and that you want to build a wall to block them out also how about recognising all those 'human souls '  Innocent kids being slaughtered in Palestine by the IDF  . You Trump oot yer arse .
There’s no way you wrote that tweet.
You don’t have a soul 
Who wrote that?
Hope is gone (literally ) so who wrote this tweet? Maybe @JaredKusher who wrote the Tillerson speech in China using code?
wait a minute... I thought you said Paris is no longer Paris (well your friend "Jim" said) 

Is that Jim Comey by the way?

 #whosJim
Wonderful!
Macron is great! The American people are great! You, are a poser. #ResignNow


Eating you up. We are starving for ethical sane leadership. It's a living hell to see the country you love torn apart so quickly. We will recover. 
. this tweet! Brav0 to whoever wrote it. Does this mean 45 will now see the divine worth of people like immigrants & #DACA ? Does he now recognize the image of GOD in every human soul??! 

Or is it more pillowtalk from @POTUS who KNOWS private prisons make bank from immigrants?
Don't forget he's NWO. And a traitor to his own ppl.
Flynn, Papadop, Gates, Van der Zwann:Flipped. Manafort: indicted. 13RU+3entities: indicted. Deutsche bnk$ laundering. Jr tower mtg RU.  Kush backchannel. Fb/Cambridge An. Seychelles.  E. Prince. Mayflower hotel. Broidy. M. Cohen. Prague.  trump’s a traitor &laundering mobster
PRESIDENT MACRON TORE TRUMP'S AGENDA TO SHREDS!  HE SPOKE FOR NOT ONLY FRANCE BUT FOR MOST AMERICANS!!!
Not sure about the God bit, surely that's discrimination against all other belief systems!
You do NOT recognize the image of God in every soul. If u did, u would have condemned Israel's massacring innocent Palestinians.
Trump a Christian?  Con of a lifetime of cons!

Only Trump fans believe the guy who can’t spell simple words wrote this....
Omg...The Donald obviously didn't write this. It's far to eloquent.
You did not write this Tweet
Hello Mr. President, did you see this article! Trouble My country's government is able to come up with a real solution, so that the communist China can not be from Taiwanese companies or companies from other countries! Obtained from our country's high technology and technology！
Please, Vote & Retweet so we can get many people participating in this critical question!
Are you bracing President Trump's agenda acknowledging "America First" on all matters?
Um...since when is history timeless?
Exactly.
Who wrote this for you?
Fly me to Europe  i need safety

You did not write this.
No “ALL CAPS”? No mystery words? No “WITCHHUNT!”? Definitely not DJT’s tweet.
@POTUS: Worldwide Release; “Racket Man (I Think I’m Gonna Steal Up Every Dime): http://youtu.be/JJ4NumTnQFM  @eltonofficial #music #maga #potus #kleptocracy #DrainTheSwamp #Trump #RocketMan #NorthKorea #SundayMorning #Nashville #artnews #10YearsOfKatyPerry #BREAKING #AmericaFirst
You're not fooling anyone Trump...... you DIDN'T compose this tweet. It's grammatically correct for starters. No rants, no playground name calling, no mention of Comey, Clinton, Obama... definitely tweeted by a sane non psychotic person e.g. Not you!
If Donald Trump doesn't get a Nobel Peace award for North Korea and South Korea efforts..then it's a Fake World
Who wrote that not you
Who wrote this? It’s coherent.
Cool, how’s your third marriage and current sexual assault lawsuits plus Stormy Daniels doing?
Our country will be a great Republic when you're gone

Hello, Mr. President, I have a way to suggest to our country that it is a matter of rigorously examining whether companies in Taiwan have exchanges and interests in communication with the Communist China! Strict control to Prevent High-Tech Flow to Communist China
哈哈哈，you不会得逞的，知道why?不告诉你
HA HA HA HA

You do not know how to kill the Chinese Communists!
Someone’s taken over @realDonaldTrump’s Twitter feed!
You didn't write that. Too many multisyllabic words, no repetition and no errors.
Let's be honest together! We know you just want money and sympathy from Europe so stop acting like that ! You really became a miserable clown!! 
Just don't buy in to his refugee policy. It's ruining France.
President Trump’s #Words: go down in #History! #Time #Crucial, Determining, #Destiny of #All Countries. USA  & France  #Linked, from  #Beginning. Bless, President Emmanuel Macron, & Mrs. Macron! God Bless President, and 1st Lady, Melania Trump! In Jesus Name.  Amen ..


 you definitely did not write this.
Amen, Mister President!
So how did holding her hand work out
You, @realDonaldTrump, did NOT write this tweet. 

It's far too coherent.

“Recognize the IMAGE OF GOD in every HUMAN SOUL                                 STOP being a RACIST and practice what You are SAYING  !!!
Sounds like some bullshit Stephen miller barfed up, incorrectly thinking it makes him sound human.
Love the hat. !
A word turd like you didn’t write this. Hint? It’s coherent.
Image of god. What a complete and utter rubbish.
Yumagary  I bet Muslims don't like that
You have nothing in common with him. He's a real president, and you are pretending, badly, to be one.
Who wrote this? It sure wasn't you!
Too literate.
@POTUS...To which god are you referring?
Wish it was @MLP_officiel there with you instead
Who wrote this for you?
No capitals, no exclamation marks, spelt correctly - unlikely, methinks....
When will they give the Cheese Wheel back his phone? The lunatic druggie didn’t write this.
Waiting for your fox & friends segment. Just want to let you know that we in WV thank you for all that you have done & will do for our people. Happy birthday to Melania!! Keep fighting & taking care of Americans!
Congrats to the aide in charge of the official tweets for Macron’s visit who can write above 5th grade level
Praying for you today president Trump! Thanking God that you decided to take this office. God bless you!
I like Austria...
Please wish Melania a happy birthday! 
That was an awesome welcome!
#Stopbullying

Drop the God part if you speak about France, thank you.
Здравствуйте господин Трамп почему вы делайте так всем мире заставляешь 3 мировой войны это вам что дасть бог создал этом мире для нас жить мирные радости счастью если вы бросали этого атомной бомба и ещё России вы думаете все останетесь жить этом мире нет конечно же это
Lol
Who wrote that for you Tump?  LOL
.
History is what it is. 
I wouldn't take advice from a nation who's country is a mess. Antifa and radical Islamist's rampaging through certain areas? Hell no. I wouldn't let someone who allowed that to happen in their country to give me any advice on how to run ours.
Ahhhh
Yet ANOTHER tweet that TRump wishes he had actually written
So who wrote this tweet, cuz it wasn't Don.
Whoever tweeted this, why, why did you give him his phone back?
Awan Brothers and DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 

Mr President please stop hedge funds from shorting stocks they do not own without the permission in writing of the actual owners of the stocks shorters are manipulating stock values for their benefit simultaneously harming the investors who are investing in this great country
Just thinking about you being able to write something like this made me laugh so hard it made cola shoot out my nose.
Macron just dissed yer sorry orange ass HARD!!

Are you kidding me, whoever wrote this drivel? #macron hates #trump
Trump rally tees!! Get yours now.
In France now 
हमारे दो महान गणराज्य इतिहास, संस्कृति और भाग्य के कालातीत बंधन द्वारा एक साथ जुड़े हुए हैं। हम लोग हैं, जो हमारे मूल्यों को संजोना, हमारी सभ्यता की रक्षा, और हर मानव आत्मा में भगवान की छवि को पहचान कर रहे हैं।अमेरिका राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ड्रम!
I guess you do not know the #realmacron dear @realDonaldTrump ...
Hmmm. This doesn't sound like your voice. No name calling, no shouting, no grammar mistakes, no shameless bragging.
Beautiful. Macron still has to meet Trump.
"recognize the image of God in every human soul."--  I am in awe.  
We mistakenly think that we are below par, when we have always been....GREAT!
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @tedcruz Australia, United Kingdom, France, Sweden & others should receive no special deals, exemptions, and/or exceptions until they pass laws that protect their PEOPLE. They must re-ARM their PEOPLE now (pass #2A laws to ARM their CITIZENS). #USA
I hope I'm wrong just speculating about the wall, reason why you want ms-13 out of America and Seth rich rumors have it that it was the ms-13 that killed sth rich and the wall is not to keep the Mexicans out it's to keep us in from the sickness due to keep trails in our sky
Kem trails damn typos
Guess what your still not invited to Royal wedding!
Great words,keep it a life! We need more love than ever on this insane world!
Starring Donald tRump
Cheese eating surrender monkeys.
That's no way to talk about the yanks.
“timeless bonds”? Once Netherlands was the most powerful.....England and Spain were great friends....then they weren’t. Things change-please work hard to *keep the friendship with France.
 And, read some history books.

I wasn’t real impressed with his address to Congress
He is a globalist who supported Hillary Clinton and Obama he is a traitor and the one thing we learned through history you could never count on the French they are nothing but cowards for instance the Jews in France Were sent to the death camps that is France never forget
You didn't write this tweet, did you, Donny? Rather more literate than usual
No way u wrote this.
Your kidding, right? By your words & actions since you entered the 2016 election, We the People have heard your lies, slander, adultery & corruption.

We believe neither you nor your Repub minions have any idea who God or Jesus Christ are.

U don't oppress children & the poor!
Agree with your thoughts, but your 1st word should be "You're..."
Thank you, Naomi
You are a fucktard. That is all.
God bless you all.
VIVA la France
Hey, Just a little off the subject but, how come gasoline is going up ? Months ago were were told that we were fuel efficien, and had the Canadian pipeline, and everything was OK, what happened ? I don't like lies, and let downs.

Now, I KNOW you did not compose this message. You usual words are just not included, you know, like sad, bad, lie, disgrace, shameful, dishonest. "Bigly" words.
In this Age of Communication old and traditional friends show the world the true meaning of leadership and trust Vive La France!!!!
Yes!
Boy!  What a great speech.  Well written!
 Amen 
But the people of France love their president. Americans not so much.....
It’s your honourable duty to protect the shapes and form of the universe. Thank you so much sir
Who wrote this? Not president Trump!
Halma humana ?? Reconocen a Dios ???? De que habla
SO TRUE!!
i’ll never understand why god is even a thing when it comes to democracy and government affairs?
Jeeze all this waxing lyrical over Macron when he thinks you're a complete and utter embarrassing prat 
Do you 'recognise God in every' KKK member too Trump?
pasOn #wethepeople pray f @POTUS @FLOTUS #peace https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dbb7sEbUwAAZka8.jpg … … http://removetheveil.com/feast-of-lucifer/ … https://steemit.com/politics/@thelightreports/valerie-jarret-is-moving-into-obama-s-new-rented-home-in-dc-let-the-sedition-begin-hangings-to-follo … … http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/sasha-obama-summer-job-martha-vineyard-article-1.2738232 … … https://www.cbsnews.com/news/60-minutes-valerie-jarrett-extraordinary-family-tree/ … … https://fellowshipoftheminds.com/tag/frank-marshall-davis/ … … https://canadafreepress.com/article/obamas-involvement-in-chicago-climate-exchange-the-rest-of-the-story# … http://americanfreepress.net/html/obama_jewish_195.html …
Amen!!
Soul
And also, freedom fries at Iraq war,
@flotus looking absolutely stunning
Bravo
Yeah. Not written by trump
At least Macron has our values
I wish you sincerely believed that....

#ImpeachTrumpNow 
#WorstPresidentEver 
#Kleptocracy 
#25thAmendmentNow
h e n t a i
Do you recognize the "image of God" in the brown people you refuse visas to? How about the women you sexually assaulted? How about people from "shithole" countries?
Which values would those be, exactly? Racism? Misogyny? Adultery? Pathological lying? Grabbing women by the pussy?
Dear Donald Plz Don't leave skorea. USA army must stay in korea forever
Hahaha, you didn't write that. You're not fooling anyone. We see right through all your bullshit.

LOVE !!!!!
Plural! @charles_consult @StpMkt

There is a zero percent chance you know how to spell civilization ... ZERO! 

Who wrote this? I need answers dammit!
Beautiful. 100% bc of the american ppl and french visitors. You downgrade it all.
Ask them about the American Graves at Normandy.
I agree with everything i said.

Wait, you let someone write a tweet for you?
You trust that thing.That creep along with germany to arm the EU military wise but they want  it for us ,ok Russia and china Angela is making mad business including state of the arts submarines ext.I dont no party for that especially the globalists nwo
Oh look, Donald Trump finally meets the President of the United States in person.
