Best President ever 
We love you and support you Mr President
#russianbot
Not everyone that you disagree with is a “Russian bot.” A lot of people support the Office of the President no matter who is president. Sad that people root for the country to fail.
Who are you kidding,  your president is trying to make sure our Democracy is undermined on a daily basis.  Attacking the Press, our Justice Department,  Muslims, would you like me to go on?  Pull you head out of the sand.
Stop watching propaganda news. @CNN
And watch what fox???? If 6 news sources are saying something and only one (owned by trumps besty) is saying the opposite, I’ll take the networks that aren’t only blindly pushing trumps agenda.
No actually read policy and research
Merkel hates your guts Traitor Don.  We all do. 
Speak for yourself! I don’t hate him!
Yeah, I meant all Americans hate him
I’m American and I don’t hate him so you can’t speak for everyone! I think for myself!
What Kay said. I think you should realize that a lot of people like what he is doing. Perhaps you surround yourself in a political bubble where no one has opinions different than your own—but it is in no way accurate, or useful, to say all Americans hate him.
Yes! I think that makes at least two Americans! His assessment of Americans was very wrong!
THREE AND I'D VOTE AGAIN FOR HIM
Me too Kathy!
Prepping the excuses before the meeting...nice...
Nick Freitas for Senate! #Nick4VA #VASen


Eeegads 
Merkel Admits ‘No-Go’ Zones Exist in Germany
Syrian Migrant Thanks ‘Mama Merkel’ for Being Able to Practice Polygamy on Benefits
Merkel: EU Funds to Be Linked to Accepting Third World Migrants
They're not sending their best to Germany. We shouldn't need worry about anti-Semitism in Germany in 2018!
Merkel insists Islam is part of Germany in the first speech of her new term
And why is that bad? Teach me, im from germany and i can only laugh about trump and his moron supporters...
You should be concerned about your fellow countrymen and the crimes and terrorist attacks in Europe.  Instead you are here crying.
Do you laugh at Trump bringing peace to Korea?  You should be ashamed.
In which way did trump bring peace to korea???
Remember:

MERKEL & GERMANY: Allies

PUTIN & RUSSIA: Enemies

Got it?
* Referring to Russian GOVERNMENT, there. The Russian people are lovely, in my experience.

Make sure your Secretary of State is there
Chancellor Merkel! The leader of the free world! Try to keep your mouth shut, Mr. President. Listen and learn.
I think you’d do better if you were respectable. Who would you rather have in his place? He has done A LOT that he has gotten little to no credit for.

Special counsel Robert Mueller has worked with other departments and agencies in the course of the Trump Russia investigation, ensuring that even if the special counsel is fired, the elements of the investigation live on. https://on.msnbc.com/2r16EcP 
she's cringing
"so little time."

Cut back on golfing.
And ranting on fox and friends. Steve douchey literally said "We're running out of time" to get him to stfu. #UnfitForOffice
Ask her when she plans to dismantle the Fourth Reich.   #breakuptheEU
You do realise that the End of the EU is also a disadvantage for the USA and some other countries, do you?
Individual nations controling their own borders, currency, and laws are never a bad thing.   Nations can work together without giving up sovereignty.
קס אחתק טרמב יא בו גזעני יא בו אלף זונה
How about a handshake? Lol
Will you ignore everything she says, just as you did with Macron?

That's great, you're meeting the leader of the free world, the position America used to hold when it held moral authority, not racist ignorance
I’m sure she’s thrilled. You’re like the root canal she can’t avoid
I don't think that. She has a lot of experience. She won't be thrilled
I think you misunderstand my tweet. It’s tongue in cheek.
#ThisIsWhyTwitterNeedsASarcasmFont
Can we trade you for her?
Do you want to steal our Chancellor? We need Merkel here in Germany xD
Ahahah woke.... You Ruskies.... I'm tellin ya...
Yes you have very little time to stay in office.
Yea because 8 years fly by quick
Do you really even think this man will live that long? I mean honestly.
Yes he's in great shape is what his doctor said.
You mean Dr. Ronnie Drunkson? I mean Jackson.
She believes your trade policies contribute to global warming. She's also pro-Obama. In other word, ANTI-TRUMP! Not such a great friend to have lurking around.
Please don’t act like a monkey and pick dandruff off her coat!!
Careful here to big boy!#
Snakes WWO agenda#
My President Sir!
Too
Victims Of Waffle House Shooting

She has no respect for you. She sees you as a buffoon to be tolerated and pitied.
The feeling is not mutual.
Keep you tiny hands to yourself today, OK?
Oh I’m sure she can’t wait either ....not
#JamesShawJr  HERO  #WaffleHouseShooting
We don't like @AngelaMerkeICDU or her policies at all Mr. Pres.  Please make sure she & @eucopresident understand that.  No Globalism.  America First!
Thank you, President Willy Wonka.
Dummkopf


Trump, remember the Chancellor is very intelligent. More intelligent than you will ever aspire to be. Treat her with respect. It’s not always about you. Stop with the me me me crap
What use is her intelligence if she cannot put her country people first? We do not want America to become what Germany has become now in the name of globalism. Will take Trump any day over her anyday.
I am pretty sure you would be welcome to him.
Ask her what Germany did with Rheinwiesenlager , just cover it over, or build on it?
Why do you want to know that?
Germany is greater in all stats. Healthcare, life expectancy, protection of children and the elderly and the poor, equality, infant death, safety, little guns...the list is long.
*few guns
Whoops!
Comey investigated Vince Foster's suicide.
Merkel was cordial and she is liked by the people here. You make up this delusional belief that you are friends and it is sad. The Germans have negative opinions about you. I don't think this is the only nation with a negative opinion of you either. The Trump name is a curse.
Please don't embarrass us!
The Biggest Achievement so far the the POTUS aside from jobs,tax cuts and de-nuke and promoted peace in No. Korea is He DESTROYED the liberals... #MAGA
The only thing Donny has destroyed is democracy, his marriage, our country, his family, and I can only pray, himself.
Typical liberal thinking I will also pray for all ya who from day 1 of his presidency no matter what he does or say is wrong. Attacking the POTUS unAmerican.its a shame
I assume you held the same position when Trump dulled his Birther venom onto Obama? If not, examine yourself
Tsk,tsk tsk. I feel sorry for you still in postmortem denial. Loser.
Jerk I detest Hillary

She doesn't seem to like you none too much
Oh lookie. It's Angela Hitler 
#Qanon
How many more times will Germany be destroyed before their people wake up and stop electing these #Fascists?  I thought they had learned from WWI & WWII.  Guess not.

#Snarkasm #qanon #realDonaldTrump #MAGA #Military #Justice #MBGA #Releasethetexts #NoRedactions #BlueWave
@JoanofAmerica @OBK_OneBadKat
Really? We are the Nazis again? Wow I guess there are still some americans that are just racist and hate Germany.
1. Merkel isn't a Facist like you guys say that. She isn't even in the Facist parties.

2. Stop calling us Nazi while the USA  has the most Nazi organisations in the world.

3. We all in Germany learned of WW1 and WW2. That's the reasons why the NPD or AfD isn't our leader
..."so little time!" 
   really means -->  "because she doesn't golf, I need to go now"
Maybe you can take lessons from a real leader?
What was it like meeting with the leader of the free world?
I'm sure she was dreading it #Spanky
No one likes you @POTUS

Too bad Angela Merkel can't say the same about meeting you
That poor woman; she has my sympathies
#ZarifIsALiar
#ZariffIsALiar We Iranians condemn Javad Zarif, foreign minister of Islamic regime in Iran. He says obvious LIEs about freedom in Iran.
#ZarifIsALiar 
#IranianProtests
Looking forward to finding out what’s on Michael Cohen’s hard drives!
She is an astrophysicist and you are a moron.
Merkel’s look says it all. 

#Trumpville
She didn’t seem to care what you had to say. Watch her face expressions loser !!!
Please stop embarrassing us.  
She doesn't like you either
Take out you contact lenses. Without you won't have a nightmare after meet with here!
Is that meant against Merkel? -.-
Yes 100%
Why do you say that?
I like trump
That's ok for me, but you don't need to say something against our Chancellor
I know I don't  need. But I do. She the chanclor. But I haven't elected here. And I would be very happy she retired soon.
I haven't elected Trump either and I don't say anything against him

Impeach him for what ?
#Merkel is public enemy number 1 , the antithesis of everything you stand for @POTUS ! Please tell her you are turning the economic tap off and the one sided trade and ending her genocidal social experiment on the German people !
Thank you!
Please help us!
Merkel is destroying Germany!
They fake our elections!
They set up a political establishment in Germany.
CDU/CSU/SPD/Grüne
Most politicians of these parties never had a job. They life only fro sucking the German society.
I have been to Germany many times, was there in December , seen first hand what Merkel's disastrous policies have done to a once great nation. I hope and pray the #AfD can stop the madness. If #Trump restricts her cash flow, maybe it will help bring things to a head. Stay Strong.
It is sadly all part of the old Nazi George Soros plan!!
Stop the Mexican caravans! No more trains with illegals on top. Close the legal loops on immigration.
Don’t screw it up this time.
This is what Democracy looks like>
I doubt the feeling is mutual
She was probably dreading it. Do the world a favor #ResignNow
I love how confused she always looks when she looks at Trump.
Any meeting with you will be AWESOME for Germany.  

Even a casual conversation onlooker can see the degree of efficiency and competency in Geemany, compared to the TrumpClownShow.
You’ve got all the time in the world. Soon, you’ll be doing time.
You can actually hear her eyes rolling when you speak
She's smart, knows your game and doesn't believe anything you say
#TrumpLies 
#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpIsAMoron 
#TrumpTreason
Get a Job !
Ya, it's a big deal meeting with the leader of the free world. Tell her hello from America.
You’d have more time if you golfed less and stopped looking for “beautiful hookers.”
You embarrassed us on the world stage twice in one week.
By getting north korea to stop threatening the world with nuclear weapons or by getting south and north korea to aproach each other? Im confused.
Since your presidency, I don’t think you can call the US a ‘Great’ country anymore. You’ve bought embarrassment, shame, bigotry, hatred & unintentional comedy to the WH. You & your supporters are alone in believing you can MAGA, to the rest of us.... you’re a laughing stock. #ass

Totally unrelated, but whats your opinion on Shrek 5 coming out next year?
Fbi said flynn did not lie tell me every one of the contacts with Russia and you sir are full of lies and spread fake news.
She detests you! Like the rest of us! 
You just couldn’t get through one little meeting with a real world leader without embarrassing us with your stupidity, could you?
He’s the new Republican Jesus
James Shaw Jr. is paying for the funeral of each of the four Waffle House shooting victims out of the gofundme monies raised for him.
Poor her
Merkle is an example of a leader who puts personal feelings aside and sucks it up. I cannot imagine how much anti-emetic she had to chock down to be in the same room with you.
Angela Merkel is a socialist-fascist, Islamist-terror-lover.....much like her comrade Macron in France and ISIS/Hezbollah terrorist HuSSein #Obama.
#MAGA
Remember to shake her hand!
Does your staff plan future meetings with Natalia Veselnitskaya as well?
Did you tell her about Flint? How about Puerto Rico?

Some tweets are dictated. Not the golf resort ones though. You can easily tell when it's freehand or formulated.
Hey stable genius, JAMES SHAW, JR
Glad you have an editor. Thanks for the recent rambling on@Fox   &Friends. Confirmed your non-presidential status.
Remember your manners this time.
It'll be good for hey if you don't show up!
You’re an embarrassment, winging it every single day!
@POTUS @FLOTUS @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @LaraLeaTrump @TiffanyATrump @jaredkushner @IvankaTrump @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump
Why didn't she get a state dinner?

Oh, well, at least this time you looked her in the eye and shook her hand. I guess that's something.

She's ten times the leader you'll ever be.
Have her arrested... please.

Coming from a leaking lier
Is that what Fox News told you ?
You didn't treat her with even a modicum of the respect owed her.  Come on step up and do your job.
Angela's face looked like you tried to hand her cash when finished.....
You didn't, right? I know old routine habits are hard to break.
How about these high gas prices? Can you not give us Americans some relief?
You Rock Mr Potus!!!! #maga @POTUS @VP @FLOTUS
U do know she hates you right? Almost as much as most of us!!
@POTUS @JaySekulow @KellyannePolls 

Mr. President .... All of your Voters want you to #FireSessions and #FireRosenstein NOW!  Sessions is working against you.

WHY do you continue to allow him to hurt you?  He is part of DEEP STATE!

Sessions = Traitor
You know she hates you, right?
Challenge her on ruining Europe....
She didn't ruined Europe. Goddammit why do so many Americans always think that Germany does that -_-
Cuz I know people who have been there and say it’s horrid now. My friend stayed there 6 mos couldn’t wait to leave
Well, in Germany not everything is doing well. But it isn't that bad.
I’d say “slow down , Sir! One victory at a time.” But winning feels sooooo good! Congrats on NK and SK
One word.. PREMATURE!
Awww upset that he didn’t fail? All these flavors to choose from and you choose salty
Oh Donald you still haven't got back to me, I'm not voting for you
I wrote this to my prime minister because your ignoring me, what kind of president are you, I thought you was cool man, I thought you was cool...
You spent an entire weekend with Abe from Japan - you give Angela Merkel very little time?

Oh that’s right, she wear anti-bullshit glasses and doesn’t golf and has zero penis. Never mind - we see it now.
cant wait for you to come to UK you have a huge following here , that little git playing at being mayor  Khan does not speak for the majority , i may be disabled but i am going to cheer you on as you go to Buckingham Palace
I don’t see u pulling out the red carpet for her like u did for your bromance hand holding macron, I tell ya what I’ll be so glad when ur out of there come 2020 if u make it till then your such a disgrace!!!!!!  #Mueller #TrumpRussia #Resistance
What did your mother do to you, you broken baby man???
Hitler's step child, Angela Merkel. LOOKS JUST LIKE HIM.

He’s like when my daughter was 12 and she just said anything that came into her head! Dude has got to find a filter!
Why “so little time” ? Is she being fired quickly too ?
I hope you were nice
Let her "understand" that ASKING Germany to pay 2% of her NATO costs is BETTER than paying 20%!!!!!!!!!! And while she is at it, STOP telling other NATO allies that because @POTUS is REQUESTING this duty, this does NOT mean you need to tell OTHERS that you're "going it alone"! 
Please don’t stumble as you usually do !!
Please don’t grab her by her ———it would embarrass us!!!
#MGGA #PleaseHelp
#51StOfA #NotSovereign
Not only will it continue as before,she will make it worsefaster than before!She is about to install a Federal CentralCommittee,following the example of the GDR!
'<>'s SED-empty years are now being used correctly!
https://amp.welt.de/amp/politik/deutschland/article175766657/Eva-Christiansen-Angela-Merkel-schafft-neue-Abteilung-fuer-enge-Vertraute.html …
Yeah? Perhaps Angela, the actual leader of the free world can teach you a thing or two. Not holding my breath though, you’re barely capable of a coherent thought.
Did you shake her hand Donnie? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLfukuEutIU …
But not treating her with the same respect as Macron? Hmmm!
She’s probably dreading it.
I’m sure she’s looking forward to that 
Time for the 25th amendment @SenJohnMcCain
She barely could stand there next to you no one blames her. The UK's Theresa the same. Your wife doesn't even want you to touch her we all get it.
Hey Donny...Don’t forget that she (and most Americans) think you’re a Russian tool.
You are getting more moronic by the hour.
Are you planning to hit her with a fake bill like last time?
Germany is better.
“So little time. I gotta get to the links!”
SHE REALLY HATES YOU FATBOY
Lawd! I’m sure the feeling aren’t mutual.
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @tedcruz @RandPaul Theresa May & A. Merkel  should STOP playing POLITICS. THEY SHOULD BE ARMING THEIR CITIZENS TO STOP THIS Islam/Muslim INVASION BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. THIS SITUATION IS JUST GOING TO GET MUCH WORSE. #USA #Americans #PJNET #2A #1A
Merkel looks very, very nervous and wary.  Didn't even want to LOOK at Trump.  Honestly think she was afraid to move a muscle for fear of "setting him off" on a "Fox and Friends"-type insane, raging rant!
I laughed - appreciate the humor! On the other hand, THINK about this. We are all quickly accepting & expecting the POTUS to be a fool, an int'l laughingstock, a bumbling, incoherent idiot whose babblings can hardly be understood & certainly not trusted. That's terrifying.
You are disgusting
I know right? Finally the Leader of the Free World will be on American Soil!
If she has any dandruff, just leave it there.

Are you going to shake her hand this year? #FakePOTUS #LiarInChief #CrookedTRUMP #lockhimUP #TrumpCrimeFamily #KushnerCrimeFamily #corruptfirstfamily #CleanTheGOPOut2018 #BlueTsunami 
Hey dummy, workers have it very very well in Germany and are probably 50% co-owners in the companies where they work. They get LOTS of vacation and healthcare, so once again shut the fuck up and go end your misery.  And ours.
Hey, when she tells you that hiring Nazis is a bad idea, suppose you listen?
did you read what I send you about the IRAN DEAL and that it was never #Americas money in the first Place , it was Iran's money
@SlicksTweetz Merkel is Hitler's kid, a GLOBALISTS.
Are you going to shake her hand this time Donny?

Traitor!
Merkel "AKA Bethany the blood Queen" has destroyed Germany and cannot be trusted, she's a globalist puppet
Unfortunately,  Little Donnie,  she doesn't feel the same towards you!
#Resist
#ImpeachTrump
#MolesterInChief
#ToddlerInChief
#PresidentSnowflake
Twist her tail until she let's go of the globalist coattails...

We've watched them cause enough carnage

Enough is enough 

#MAGA 
#KeepAmericaGreat 
#QAnon 
#Uranium1
#HillaryEmails
#MuellerCorruption
#MuellerCrimes
#LeakyJamesComey
#BuildTheGallows
Do you even know why she was in DC? Took her only 3 hours to find out what Macron did in 3 days: speaking to Trump is a fucking waste of time#
Hurra Hurra Merkel ist auch gleich da Hurra Hurra Merkel ist gleich da. Now singing Mr. @realRonaldTrump
She looked happy to see you.
I admire her for her courage to even spend time with you ! @AngelaMerkeICDU
I doubt, however, that is looking forward to meeting with you.
Oh gosh that means you want be in Florida at your golf course.
I’m glad you were! I’d very much dislike being in her presence BUT, @POTUS, you have #TrueStrength #YouAreTheStorm #TheGreatAwakening #QAnon #WWG1WGA 

And have you tried their prostitutes bro? just as good as Russians, but their pipi taste like beer!
Donnie, you are very fortunate that the leader of the free world is taking time from her busy schedule to entertain your bullshit!
So little time?  Fool !
#ShitholePresident embarrassed us again
Beware the New World Order socialists like her and Macron. Don’t trust them!

Oh my God! She probably hates you more than any other world leader. Even Macron talked shit about you....to Congress!!!  Hahahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha #Deludedmoron
With the German Economy now only Japan can come Close,do you know Labour,and Hard Work is a sort Religion over here......
Very true
Some fodder for you, POTUS, to think about. Does a “pit bull, Cohen” squeal like a canary when its nuts are in a vise?  Singing time?
Do you honestly believe anyone gives a f*ck about what you think?
She's not reliable.
WellDid u shake this time
Love how you’re so lag-dee-dah about a meeting with Angela Merkel, the current leader of the free world, but so down to business with autocrats and dictators who are men.
Your gonna meet with her while your new SOS insults her.  You are an ass!
