







We here in the PHX area love and support you!
Doctor Jackson would have made a tremendous VA secretary. Shame on the left for ruining the reputation of a good man!
Yes we all love a good drunk driving pill pushing head of the va
Unfounded allegations with no substantive evidence, nice!
Oh of course that's why he withdrew cause they were all false.. Sure..
I withdraw from things base on lack of evidence all the time...don't you? 
I also sign NDAs for things that never happened. 

#TrumpLogic
Short for "Never did 'appen!!"
Psalm 34:8
Oh, #taste and see that the #Lord is good; Blessed is the #man who #trusts in Him!
#Jesus is our #Lord #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus our #Christ  #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus our #Christ  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Romans 13:5-7
Therefore you must be #subject, not only because of #wrath but also for #conscience’ #sake. For because of this you also pay #taxes, for they are #God’s #ministers attending continually to this very #thing. #Render therefore to all their due: #taxes [1/2]
to whom #taxes are due, #customs to whom #customs, #fear to whom #fear, #honor to whom #honor. [2/2]
Considering the plethora of lies you tell daily, it’s amazing you’re not actually more skilled at it.
ill make this easy for you
name 1 lie, a true lie
name 1 crime, 1 true crime
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&cd=8&ved=2ahUKEwjsiNGVkeraAhUuzlkKHcN1BTkQFjAHegQICBAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fen.m.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FLegal_affairs_of_Donald_Trump&usg=AOvVaw23zaVaCO_Y22qgzb6F9dIo …
"Wikipedia is a wiki, meaning that anyone can edit any unprotected page and improve articles immediately for all readers. You do not need to register to do this. "
True. But the facts listed on both of my responses are documented and can be checked.
Say “I don’t care if he’s a criminal and a liar, I just like that he does x, y and z.”  That is at least a true statement. Don’t come with “name a lie”. Because  he and his people lie provably every day. They lie about their lies. I am a bad liar and I could lie better.
Your cover-up game is weak, your “legal team” is a joke and your presidency is nearly over.

Your criminal trials, however, will be EPIC...so you got that goin’ for you, which is nice.

https://media.giphy.com/media/oUYDwyQ3xUgo0/giphy.gif …
Get a life
More like you need to do that, I mean Crump’s reign is almost over. You’ll probably just crawl back under the Rock you came from.. #CowardTrumpSupporters #TraitorTrump
You don’t care about VETS.

You only care about YOURSELF.

You will use anyone and anything to distract from the DISASTER that is your life and presidency.
What would Jesus do?

Not cheat on My 3rd wife (who had just given birth to My 5th child) with a pornstar and then pay her off in the stupidest way possible that gets my lawyer busted by the FBI.

I'd also never vote Trump.

Obama is a much a better and smarter man. I miss him.
What would Jesus do? He’d listen to this song, and probably dance 
You, sir, just earned a follow. Keep that music coming!
Thank you Diana! How about a drawing?  #NationalDayOfPrayer
Can’t have a National day of prayer.  Obama cancelled it.  If you have a rug and want to face Mecca that’s allowed
Total nonsense.
My husband uses the choice program.  Thanks Obama.
People who REALLY care about the VA don't appoint incompetents to lead it, Dollhands.
I love you so much Trump!
Please will you marry me!
You're the greatest best ever!
Obama was the worst in History!
America loves you no matter what!
North Korea now loves you too!
Nobel Peace Prize for Trump!
#MakingAmericaGreatAgain 

DID YOU TWEET THIS ONE ALL BY YOURSELF???

The Pro Choice President!

You’re butt is still sore?
This guy gets it.  #FreedomIsNotFree
Love this...
YOU CUT FUNDING!!! OH that's right The President didn't read it before he signed it 

So it must not be HIS fault!

See if that excuse would hold up in court.

Besides everyone knows you and the Koch Brothers want to privatise the VA so you can skim cash
Money used to help illegals stay here should be used to help American homeless many of which are vets and many are sick and need medical attention Let's help these people help them get well help him get a job
you'll sign it immediately you said that about DACA remember nobody trust you anymore we're done
Aww where did the condom hat go?
he has cancer stop bullying him
He posted them as profile pics not me LMAO
you are still bullying him for no reason
Hey man... He did put a condom on his head...
no need to bully someone because they put a comdom on their head
Where did you bury Jared?
Perhaps you could just fund the DVA adequately so our GREAT VETS could receive their care at a VAMC or VAOPC where they prefer to go?  That was easy.
PLEASE DO NOT ONLY FIX - THE CHOICE PROGRAM fir VETERANS..MAKE it availabLe so ALL VETS. CAN  SEE LICAL DOCS/SOEVIALUSTS^LOCAL HOSPITALS...WITHOUT  RESTRICRIONS. MY HUBBY Needs to see LOCAL ENDOC./TYPE II DIABETES, among other diseases DUE TO AGENT ORANGE ECOISYRE. PLEASE&THANKS.
Bad index finger :)  ALSO = APPROVE VETS to see LOCAL. SPECIALISTS. W/O RESTRICTIONS.Presently drive 1 hr.15min.t.THE VA clinics are CONTRACTED W/ too much DELAY getting To DOCS/SOEC/@VA HOSPITALS..PLUS MAJOR TURNOVER with DR./P.A.s @Clinics.Vets Deserve BEST! PLEASE & THANKS.
Only for you FakePresident!
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work & is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately
Says the draft dodger
Thank you!
We #Veterans won't for get what the republican @GOP has done to veterans. You profited and we suffered. #WeThePeopleAreAwake and #WeThePeople are coming for house and senate seats and we will take your seats. #VeteransAgainstTrump
Weren't the Democrats in office before him?
Republicans have controlled the house and senate since 2012.
Vague nonsense. You have the understanding of a child. Btw your hashtags are shared by the total amount of 3 people. And I wouldn’t be surprised if you were all the same person.
Well from looking at your Twitter feed looks like your and extreme right Alex Jones loving type of propagandists Republican. So I would safely assume you're totally delusional or a Russian hack.
Lmao. Nope not any of that. Now I’m starting to doubt you are indeed a veteran.
Doubt all you want, I could careless on what you think. #
Now I’m certain that you aren’t.
Quit brown nosing. Your time will soon be up due to impeachment
@FLOTUS must be pissed about @StormyDaniels
Resign immediately?
Thank you for the great efforts for vets, President Trump!
It's so horrible to think illegal aliens get better & faster care than our VETS! @DeptVetAffairs @PeteHegseth @WilkowMajority
I agree 100%

Just a reminder.
Assuming you're still POTUS at the end of the month....
Sit with Mueller.  Come clean with American people.  #truth
Lordy, Lordy Lordy you sure are in a bind. And there are tapes! Lots of tapes...and files, and documents, and photographs, and then there’s a whole lotta flipping going on. Everybody’s talked ‘bout you. And with your lawyers dropping like flies, good thing you have Rudy.
Thank God for Rudy, he’s so confident....surely Mueller will consider ending the investigation with Rudy intervening.
I thought Giuliani said it would be over by now? (Apr 20: “a week or two.”). But then, lying is the modus operandi of the #TrumpSwamp
Well, he did just blow up the whole defense...
Maybe he meant Donald would be indicted by then...

The choice program was meant to be short rearm and since that time the VA has opened smaller clinics and lowered wait times in anticipation of the choice program ending.
How can liberals disagree with this —cause they are communist
Tax the rich, help our vets
 #youcanaffordit
You're going to prison.

~ May, 3, 2017 ~ The @GOP succeeded in destroying affordable healthcare. Each and every one of these smug *$$h*les are complicit to increased premiums and lesser if/any quality healthcare! 
#LieCheatStealKill #VoteThemOut #Resign

http://washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2 …
So...how about you stop pissing away tax $$ playing golf, skip your useless military parade and quit trying to privatize the VA. You allegedly care so much? Prove it, big guy, because so far, it’s just not showing. #resign
Hey @jontester the rankest, or ranking, democrat on the VA committee,  doesn't seem like you're getting much done to help veterans!
Just sayin
I back you all the way Mr.President and I believe that something should've been done years ago for our VETS and the care they need, it's the least we could do for them, after all...they did put their lives on the line for America!
Which is why you nominated someone unqualified.

I would like to hear about you bribing Ukraine in exchange for not cooperating with the Mueller investigation.

I would also like to hear about you violating campaign finance law by using campaign funds to pay off a woman you had
an extramarital affair with.

I would also like to hear about how you sent Guiliani in to distract us with the Stormy Daniels stuff to distract us from the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation news that is clearly coming.

I once again respectfully request you resign.
Ffndmm
Today marks 225 days since Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico. We won't forget what happened to their AMERICAN CITIZENS. Recovery is vital, but electrical grid needs work, & there's widespread lack of running water. These citizens should get the care they deserve.

DO SOMETHING!
It's almost over!
Really what kind of absolute nonsense Trump up are a charlatan

You should be a vet. BUT YOU ARE NOT

YOU SAID NO WHEN YOUR COUNTRY CALLED ON YOU.

YOU SAID NO

FIVE TIMES.
Cohen’s phone was tapped. Bet you’re nervous now!  
U need to sign your letter of resignation “immediately “ before ur INDICTED


You know what keeps shit like that running smoothly? Taxes. Which you cut for you and your rich pals.
Don’t forget to show your love for those still serving by canceling your stupid parade.
The #OrangeIdiot hadn’t been on Twitter all morning. He’s got lawyers telling @Scavino45 what to tweet. He’s a seething blob of terror and rage and they don’t dare allow him to tweet.
#TrumpRussia
You are a proven liar.
You lied to your wife.
You lied to the American people.
You even bragged about lying to the Canadian Prime Minister.

Anyone who believes anything you say must have covfefe for brains.
You can sign whatever you like, but the truth is you've put this country into devastating debt with welfare for the 1% and there is no money left for the care of veterans. #EmptyPromises
Whatever happened to that Jack Johnson pardon? Was his skin tone a little too dark for your #TrumpFluffers to get on board?
Someone told Trump he was Black
What is the correct shade for a Presidential Pardon?
Use the money you're willing to spend on your dumb military parade.  
#CadetBonespurs #POS
Parade is just another thing baby-president wants.
Trump and the #ComplicitGOP have not just lowered the ethics bar they’ve completely removed it. The next Democratic President and First Lady (or First Husband) should be able to wear all of the tan suits and sleeveless dresses they want without scandalous outrage from the right.
Start by appointing competent and ethical leadership at the VA and not firing the ones who stand in the way of irresponsible privatization scams. We are tired of being used by you and your ilk as shields and props. You wouldnt bring this up rn if you didn’t need to change topics.
How about that #wiretap?
You want to privatize the VA so it’s primary function becomes making money for someone you probably know. 
My son went to the Memphis VA for prescriptions and was told to “come back in a few months” He is paying out of pocket for his meds. The VA is a mess and needs to be fixed.
I've been in the VA system since 2006 and I still have to wait months. Even for simple stuff. As matter of fact I made an Apt at the end of Feb for the end of May. It's horrible horrible care. We deserve better
You absolutely do and I know POTUS is doing many things to try and fix it.
TRUMP YOU ARE A LIAR!  Donald Trump Is No Friend to Veterans
I am convinced that privatization is a political issue aimed at rewarding select people and companies with profits, even if it undermines care for veterans.  Just Don trying for another con! David J. Shulkin: Privatizing the V.A. Will Hurt Veterans
How is showing ID racist someone come up with a reason there is none there is no reason and if you don't have ID get it so you can vote
Why is nobody talking about the @POTUS, sending people out to raid a medical office for patient records? It's an abuse of power! 
Anybody else would have been arrested! Is @realDonaldTrump truly above the law now, or has he so normalized the abnormal that we don't react any more?
I will sign up then. Always been suspicious of the care, but I think it's going to get much better.
Don't count on it. I'm in it up to my eyeballs and it hasn't gotten any better in ten years. Even President Trump can't fix it that fast. Do get in the system, but don't give up anything you already have for it.
Roger that.
While you try to privatize our diverse & dedicated Military to racist billionaires?  (Erik Prince) 

Is #Putin in the running to be in charge? #FakeAmerican #Traitor #Traitor #WorstPresidentEver
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump. I feel comfortable saying, #MerryChristmas again.  
Yeah.... right! 

Oh yeah... Here is a video where @BarackObama said it 22 times. 
@YouTube
Your boy Rudy really screwed up.
Don't be fooled, Mr "Bone Sours" does NOT care even a little bit about veterans, Amid VA shakeup, advocates fear privatization of health care   https://nwsdy.li/2HhJnuT  via @Newsday
Resign now Dotard. America hates you and your Crime Corrupt Crime Family.

FAKE NEWS, FAKE PRESIDENT 

You vetted, hired, then fired, 2 bozos to run the VA. You are the veterans worst nightmare. Too cowardly to serve, too dumb to hire a  manager for the VA, yet brave enough to try to dismantle the VA without admitting it, or taking blame.

Deplorable!
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for being a president who will actually DO things to help our veterans. Too many presidents have paid lip service to this issue  & some (Obama) truly did not care.
Day #468 of the hostage situation. Evil Captor is a great showman! Today he pretends to care about prayer, god and veterans! (which he shouts in caps!) VETS cant laugh while he puts the screws to them!
@jamesalandarby
and you’ve been in office how long exactly and you’ve proposed what legislation which will accomplish your goals and ideas  by gathering bi-party support? Oh that’s right… none. #RESIST #IMPEACH
You're in big trouble...
quit pretending you give a damn
Wiretaps, Spanky.  Wiretaps.  

Today would be a good day to release your tax returns.  Or better yet, start packing.
You're going down Trump!
Sure because all of us medical personal know going from being the boss of 70 people qualifies him to take over as head of the largest hospital system in the world! Plus the fact it's broken? You care nothing for us vets!
GFY CRIMINAL FRAUD.
What about #StormyDaniels , #Cohen wiretap What about #NuclearWeapons that you want to #greenlight by reneging on the #IranDeal ? a #Veteran asks
Correction, you will sign just about anything on your side of the aisle.
When are you going tell us what happened in Niger. Why the coverup? 

Your incompetence and stupidity resulted in four dead soldiers.
Be an Amazon delivery person
You care so much about vets that you tried to put an unqualified doctor in charge of the V.A.?  Liar.
You don't care about Veterans, you only care about yourself.

Lying again trump you don’t care about the Veterans. You only care about how you can screw everyone over.
Since when have you cared about Veterans?  Ever?  Your campaign ran a bogus website for Vets and pumped the money right into your foundation.
Maybe not fire the head of the VA without a viable replacement? Your hollow words for our veterans don’t mean shit. Your actions tell us all we need to know. You don’t care about anyone but DJT.
You can easily tell the tweets he didn’t actually write by the fact they are coherent and don’t insult anyone
Oh hold on Buster you do t get to pass the buck on this one. Seems you need to find a QUALIFIED candidate that has EXPERIENCE to run the VA. Until you do no one is to blame but you.
Thank you sir, they have been ignored for far too long. 

#Veterans #americafirst #maga
#NeverForget: 
@BarackObama
Senator John McCain drives by these VA hospitals in Arizona EVERY DAY and HAS DONE NOTHING to fix the VA hospitals in his own state!!!

—>John McCain YOU’RE A DISGRACE to every American

#McCain #MAGA @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
If you care so much about the vets why atre you blocking @votevets ?
@DeptVetAffairs doctors are paid more than $350K a year, mgt staff more than that. Time for a salary review and merit based pay because they are not doing their jobs. Get rid of VA bureaucrats especially #SES and replace them with vets who care.
If you really cared you would have chosen a leader more wisely, not just someone who lies for you. Mildly obese? We aren’t blind Donald you’re fat!
For those of you who inexplicably haven’t figured this out yet:

Liberal/Socialists/Lucefarians are the #Enemy of America.

@realDonaldTrump is #MAGA and he and #QAnon will eradicate The Scum slithering through D.C. and the media very, very soon.

11/11/2018 is for WE the people!
#DonaldTrump: "Can you call Pres. @BarackObama? I don't know what I'm doing!"
Is anyone really foolish enough to believe that Trump cares about our veterans?

If so... read up.
Educate yourselves!
‘Veterans are losing 6 different ways right now’  https://politi.co/2HvzYDt  via @politico
"FEELINGS MATTER BRUH"

-@kanyewest 

@netanyahu why did you have a part in 9/11, try and force us in Iraq with lies, and why did you said "art students" to Hugh government buildings ?
Sign it like you signed DACA legislation that you said (on live TV) you would sign?  Remember? You would “take the heat”, remember?  You’re a blowhard and that’s as far as your credentials go.  Who could believe you.
Don’t you love how Donald Trump picks the winners and losers ?  DACA recipients on behalf of the rest of the United States,  we are with you.
Thank you Mr. President Trump for hearing our voices is standing up with us God bless you sir

You may want to spend more time with your lawyers and less time screwing over veterans and the American public.
Well said

If your care so much, why haven't you nominate someone capable of running the VA?
So your saying that none of this was anticipated in the 2.1 trillion dollar spending bill you signed? Is this a fabricated crisis so you can push through another sub par (dis)appointment?
I know, why don't you nominate your morally compromised personal physician to head the VA and then blame the democrats when he flames out? That would be a good way to show how much you appreciate them, Cadet Bone Spurs.
NBC News: “Feds tapped tRump lawyer Michael Cohen’s phone. At least one phone call between a phone line associated with Cohen and the White House.”
The End!
Back to random words and even more random capital letters.
Vets groups and lawmakers say they’re against it — but what does ‘privatization’ of Veterans Affairs really mean?
#MuellerIsComingForYou
FLINT STILL DOESN'T HAVE CLEAN WATER
Republicans should do right by the vets, which starts by nominating a QUALIFIED candidate for VA secretary, not some idiot who is loyal to Trump.
You didn't write this somebody took your phone away from you again huh? And John Kelly's right you are an idiot
you'll only sign "immediately" if something comes your way.. if anything we've learned, you don't have a charitable bone in your entire, gargantuan body.
When it was introduced last fall, VFW officials blasted the idea as an effort to “kill the VA as a provider of care to America’s veterans” and labeled it a blatant “privatization attempt” by the congressman.
Hey...this "I will sign immediately" is exactly like the DACA deal you were going to sign immediately...exactly like the repeal and replace you were going to sign immediately...maybe it's like the NDA with Stormy that you were going to sign immediately but didn't. #RepeatNonsense
What have you done with president dennison? Why did you steal his phone?
Almost every family has a Veteran, we all should care very much about the medical services they are provided, whether we are Republicans or Democrats!
#VeteranLivesMatter
#GodBlessVeterans
Lying and stealing--two of the most despicable human traits--no matter the political party.  Should not be tolerated by the American people.  GOP, it's your turn to do what is morally, legally, and ethically correct. #ImpeachTrump #GOP #LiarInChief
Here is an idea Mr President.  How about you pay for your own damn golf trips out of pocket, and allocate the money instead to the Choice Program, along with the money for your stupid military parade.  Choice could do a lot with $70 million
Omg I thought the last sentence said I will resign immediately, I got happy as hell for a second.
#DrZaibKhan: #TrumpTrain2020Win A historical moment thanks to #PresidentTrump
You're a draft dodger.
Too bad @SenJohnMcCain didn't do anything more for our #Veterans ...  all those years as Senator, and, right there in his own back yard...  Sad.
Every veteran should be entitled to request an outside referral when treatment is unsuccessful, substandard or unavailable!

Make it happen @realDonaldTrump
Hey don the con, how long has it been since you did a 180 on the porn story? 

Rudy is so money.
Your fixer was wire-tapped. This is gonna be awesome!
The acting head of (SSA) has been prohibited by law from serving in her position for months ,acting Commissioner at SSA after November 17, 2017, is in violation of the Federal Vacancies Reform Act
Dismantle the entire VA and incorporate all the vets into the Tricare program.  Best care and they can choose their own doctor.  The VA is outdated and way too expensive in overhead.  One VA building for Disability claims is all that’s needed. @realDonaldTrump

God bless you
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Like you said you would sign DACA?


Thank you so very much! Thank you for keeping your promises! The VA Loma Linda in California is in dire straits! We disabled vets need your help! The employees and the vets are concerned!
we the true American people love you and yours, and are so very proud of all you have done
#PUSSYGRABBER  spewing #BS all know #trump doing #KOCH bidding screw #veterans from  BEST #VETERANhealthcare to privatize give HUGE profits  hospitals  DRUG CORPS advise 2 #TRUMP stop taking hair drug its F**KING up your MIND worse then it already IS under natural old age causes
#MAGA #NobelPeacePrize hahaha
like appointing a secretary that had ZERO experience with running an agency of that size (or any size, for that matter), solely based on the fact that he gave you a glowing bill of health?
Why don’t you use your money? Your so rich!!! Remember??
You should have taken care of the Vets as soon as you got into office. But you wanted to screw America first then act like your helping us. I got it.
LEAVE THE VETS ALONE.
It is called #MedicareForAll ; it fixes whole problem by cutting programs and funding program with dedicated taxes; simple monthly acute risk premium; make people pay for extras themselves! Sigh 
So why don't you appoint someone who is actually competent to clean up the mess?
You're on a role today donnie.
WE LOVE OUR VETERANS
Guess What??? You're going to jail.

YOUAREFULLOFTRUESHITLIARYOUARECAUGHTIMPEACHCONVICTLIARSURRENDERTHEBULLYPULPITREPUBLICANLIARSYOUCONTRADICTEVERYTHINGCOMEOUTOFYOURUGLYORANGEHAIRFILTHYPUSSYSMELLINGLYINMOUTH........,,
Now it's getting good. Just bought some popcorn for Rachel @maddow show tonight.
Oh please. As if you gave a damn about the vets.

He claims he got from the St. Thomas Christian University  which not accredited by the Department of  Education or Council for Higher Education Accreditation. https://bit.ly/2w6tUMw  and from Bloomberg https://bloom.bg/2rifIet 
If he had a real one it would be plastered everywhere.
BREAKING! #Cohen's phones were wiretapped weeks before the FBI raid! This could be the beginning of the end for #trump and the #trumpcrimefamily.  Finally!

“WAH!
WAH!
I was too cowardly to serve, I frequently cut veterans benefits and my incompetence puts our soldiers in peril!
Now people say I’m not the guy for veterans?
VEWY UNFAIOO!
This job is so hard!”
- #crybabyTrump
You don’t care about vets ! Stop lying !
At least one phone call between a phone line associated with Cohen and the White House was intercepted, a source said....MMMM plot thickens
Stop acting like you care...this is NOT a TV show OR a photo opp!! Our great service members see right through you #TrickyTrump and nobody is falling for your FAKE SENTIMENTS!!
Thank you, sir!
How about you find someone to run it who isn't unqualified, incompetent,  corrupt or all three - just for once?

Trump appears to have lied to his press secretary to mislead public. @acosta asks if Sanders lied in March or was in dark when she said she spoke to Trump who denied involvement in Stormy payments and denied all allegations. "I gave you the best information I had at the time"

That’s what you said about DACA and it was just another one of your lies.  Are you going to try to blame the Dems for the Vets, too?

Win Win Win...
You’re a Fake!
Good job you put an unqualified doctor in charge!
Best regards from Switzerland
 #MAGA #USA #Congratulations you are Fucked  ##TrumpTrain #TrumpRally #TrumpRussia
You keep screwing over the VA. We already know by your choice of head that you care not one iota for vets.
OMG. How to make everything worse, in a single sentence.

Let's really put some work into two ongoing crisises:
1) Flynt, Michigan's water
2) Puerto Rico's everything

That is, if you actually give a shit about fixing the problems of the good ole U.S. of A.
"Two sources close to Trump's newest attorney, Rudolph Giuliani, say he learned that days after the raid the president had made a call to Cohen, and told Trump never to call again out of concern the call was being recorded by prosecutors." https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/feds-tapped-trump-lawyer-michael-cohen-s-phones-n871011 …

Obstruct much??
Congress should also fix the following issue #NotMyPresident  #putinpuppet
You will sign anything except @StormyDaniels hush paper ! Wow
Oh lordy! @MichaelCohen212
#phone TAPPED! This #presidency
Hard 2 watch folks! Lock your doors there's a #lunatict running the  @WhiteHouse
#MarchForOurLives
#MarchForTruth
You don't care about anyone.
Oh man! I hear you’re going down! YOU cheated & lied but in the end.... Your phone calls to Cohen WERE LEGALLY WIRE TAPPED! THANK YOU #StormyDaniels @MichaelAvenatti BAM!
Great President who cares about Americans 
Who’s Dan Jones? Find him and talk about him.
As the wife of a 100% wounded Vietnam vet for over 40 years, I've never heard a President speak very much about us and the issues we have getting proper care.  Thank you for supporting us. Thank you for NOT LISTENING TO VSOs.   They've long been a large part of our problem.
SEMPER FI ALL THE WAY PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
Seems we have plenty of money to welcome economic asylum seekers by the thousands.  We can't scrape up any money to take care of our most cherished Americans. OUR VETERANS?   each vet that should have a medical insurance card that will allow him or her treatment at any hospital.
See, now THIS TWEET you wrote, that s**t this morning WAS NOT YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!    SAD, BIGLY!!
Draft dodger.
Thank you. Congress needs to get on it! No break for them until these big issues are fixed...vets, immigration, wall. Stop messing around!!! @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP
You don’t like vets that were captured though?...
Holy crap - I read this tweet of trumps Quickly and thought his last sentence was “I will resign immediately”. I had two orgasms.
You never remembered in the first place.  Vets are nothing but shields to you, something you bring up when the heat from the free press gets too intense. If it’s found out you did collide with Russia every vet in America should be able to kick you in the balls for being a traitor
