Dr. Ronny Jackson should sue Senator Tester for defamation.  And CNN.
Yes, he very well should!
Would a lawyer like to explain to @MarkDice why it’s not “defamation”? Hell, I’ll do it: He’s not the one that made the allegations. Secondly, they were allegations made by third party witnesses. Third, they were entered into the congressional record and are public information.
Just a word of advice:
We already pulled all the smarts in the family that u guys passed on. Thanks! 
Whoa...such a hilarious and brilliant reply.

Which one is you?
Were those shirts worn at the White House Correspondents Dinner? 
Nice .
I love that word! Bonkers!!
BS trump
Will you vote for President Trump in 2020?  Vote and Retweet!!!!!!
And stop calling him president!
LOL!!!
Hilarious 
"Unending stamina" was my stripper name.
Talk to Cohen
Cool beans
Official schedule of Donald Trump:  lays in bed till 11:30am watching TrumpTV,  finally after much begging, he gets dressed and comes down to "work".  By 6:30pm he is back in bed with a McDonald's cheeseburger in his fist watching more TV.
Liberalism is a mental disorder.
Sure it is. Just like this.
Clusterfuck on the Potomac. That's what you've brought to the American people.
You are insane!
You going to call F&F's in the morning to talk about all these questions one of your lawyers leaked? Pretty interesting.
I would have to touch myself to that. I would be like. I swear to god.
But is it Dragon Energy?



Whew! I definitely feel better now 
Why capitalize energy and stamina?  Are “Energy” and “Stamina” your new favorite Russian prostitutes?  Are you making a new #PeePeeTape?
I have an important question. Why did the Justice Department remove all words about Freedom of the Press from their manuals? Does the 1st amendment still count? I don't understand why people aren't enraged about this?
On the stairway to hell to Facism....they have already deleted all kinds of shit from Government websites. Hopefully former employees have copies of stuff. This is how they hide thier EVIL ways, no records and then scream fake news!
Huh?
...he let multiple deadlines lapse, he’s defended Putin almost constantly & in Jan he downright refused to implement the sanctions that were voted into law last August. I’d hate to see him be soft on Putin if this is hardball! Will he offer to massage him while feeding him chocs?

It seems to be going just swell.

You are the one going bonkers.
Oh Donnie, I get to post this stupid meme again. Will you  please turn off our tv, pack your things, take your family and fan club and go home! Leave DC and then America can be great again and we, the majority, will stop laughing at your pathetic attempts to baffle is with bs.
Thank heavens for all that Viagra! #neverforget #StormyDaniels
This nigga said Bonkers
Oh good, maybe that means FB will come under government regulation to stop your bias.  Won't that be a great day for Free Speech!
That’s what you said before you fired the last one 
Continue to do amazing things President Trump.  Please save our country.


Donald Trump has the worst publicist of all time, and his name is also Donald Trump.
No, John Barron.
Maybe David Dennison.
John Miller is no longer available
But he was a really great guy.

Ew
What exactly do you do all day besides watch cable news and tweet? Being President must only take like  2 hours a day between 10 and noon...
We've seen this SAME TWEET VEFORE and then all hell breaks through so: GET READY USA, CRAP IS ON THE WAY!
The White House hasn't run smoothly since you and your grifter family showed up, Spanky. You're the worst.
#Resign
You're doing a great job Mr 
Trump , keep up the good work , we are very proud of you . God bless you .
You're the laziest POTUS ever.  Your "work" schedule is pathetic (who starts work at 11:30 am????) and your vacation schedule is EXCESSIVE.  Resign before you are impeached.
If you have unending stamina, why is there never anything on your public calendar before 10 am?

Retirees work harder, Golf Boy.
Thank you to President Trump & all Trump team members...

Are you in favor of congressional term limits?
#DrainTheSwamp
Do you support our POTUS? (Retweet after voting!)
I try not to retweet or even like something without looking at the poster's profile page for media, likes, and earlier tweets. Polls are often just a way to get your data.
When did you become aware of the Trump Tower meeting?
Sounds like those meds need adjusting. Quick, find your doctor! #madscientist #quack #jerrysdeadman #thedudedoesnotabide
Don't know if you know... The one on the right is @BrentSpiner from Independence Day. (Among other things...)
Yes I know.

Last week everyone said Zuckerberg looks like me, this week Bornstein looks like me. Next week...Zuckerberg looks like Bornstein?
Hilarious. Who are you trying to kid? It’s a continuing disaster, but the best one ever.
Hey Little Lying Donny Trump, it looks like you need a little help keeping track of all the witches the hunters are catching. Odds on betting that you will end up caught too. Bet? No? Yeah, you weren’t very successful in the gambling business, were you?
Yes, much of what you've done and are doing are indeed unthinkable, but not in the sense that you want us to believe.
You know what’s actually going smoothly...?
Notice how Obama didnt have to go on CNN every day and say how much he was accomplishing, or have anyone stroke his fragile ego? No, he let hi sactions speak for him. Your actions speak for you too, they say 'oh look at me im the greatest im rich youre fake news wah wah'. Grow up
His actions*
You sound so energized, must have gotten peed on this morning
In January 2016 the gross national debt was 13.6 trillion dollars or 75% of the previous 12 month’s GDP.  In 2018 the gross national debt is $18.9 trillion dollars or 104% of the last 12 month’s GDP.   —  Fake News ?
So get something done. #Deregulate #cannabiscures BE A #HERO MR TRUMP
#Deschedule #endprohibition #maga
No, it’s a #bitchhunt and you’re it
Popular hair-loss drug Propecia could be linked to long-term mojo meltdown
Love from Australia POTUS
#TrumpQAnon The American people..(ME).. Have spoken!! Don't even think about going near a government office ever again with your agenda.
#EndObama #EndSoros #EndClinton #EndLiberalism #EndAntiAmerican #EndVoterFraud #EndHumanTrafficking #EndSocialMediaCensorship #EndMueller #EndGlobalism #EndPoverty …

Don't insult hardworking people in hard hats with a photo op of this draft dodger!!!
Btw...what a lie you just tweeted. ....wow. 
Are U really this clueless?
After watching you lead this country You have managed to divide people, take White Nationalism to a whole nother level, embolden bullies and hatred, have us at odds with our allies. Building Walls, destroying our health care, lied to kids and embolden NRA u lie daily..UNFIT POTUS
Gay porn on Viagra and Propecia.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahaahahahahaha ....... bwa hahahahaahahaha. Omg trump your so stupid lol hahaahahahahaahaha
Jajajajajaja ... Good morning Kurt
The only people who believe you are the educationally challenged who voted for you.
Stamina? That's an interesting word. You seem to say it Al lot yet we keep finding out that you have none.have a seat spanky. Take a break.
I still can’t believe it’s possible to open Twitter every day to see what childish, paranoid, man-baby things I’ll read from the president of the United States.
Ask Kelly about that idiot
Your administration is just one continuous infomercial for one shitty product after another.
If you are so stressed about witches send Melania back to Slovenia. Clear up all those problems.
Trump I think you missed your calling.  You should have been a fictional writer. Your imagination works overtime. You have successfully created an alternative universe in which you live in and have brainwashed your followers to live in. There is no truth in you as President.. Sad
https://youtu.be/ZlYlJ9C5MzA 
 Now you're popular in the UK.
Praise warfare! Sing the Word of God today Sir and enjoy your day! The Power and The Glory wins! Amen!




I'm going to start taking a shot every time this idiot screams "witch hunt" into the twitterverse.

Dear Stable Genius, Accomplish the unthinkable? Like what?  What does that even mean in your position? And of course setting records!!!  what records are kept on accomplishing the unthinkable?
Real news
The only think bonkers is that you’re president.
You actually think people believe you?
#TrumpFM
I think you mean you are going bonkers!
Resign
You know the purpose of capital letters, right? #grammar 
The unthinkable is right Don the con!
How much of that energy and stamina is pharmaceuticals?
KEYSTONE COPS RUNNING AROUND CHASING THEIR TAILS! 
STAMUNA NY ASS ABD A MAJOR TYPO WENT OUT TOO??
WHOS ON DR. JACKSON'S CANDY!!
THEY ALL NEED RANDOM DRUG TESTING STARTING WITH KELLYANNE @KellyannePolls
vile & detestable are best descriptions of you & your minions. Peace in Korea will happen not because but in spite of you!
So if there’s tremendous energy and stamina why do you have to take a golf trip every weekend? Huh?
What unthinkable thing are you planning to do?
Nothing says energy and stamina like a  70 year old grapefruit
Uh huh. Any Energy and Stamina the White House has is likely the product of Dr. Ronny Jackson the candy man passing out drugs.
Lies lies lies.  Exhibit “A” :   Dr. Harold Bornstein, who served as Donald Trump's physician for more than three decades, says Trump dictated the glowing health letter in 2015. Lose some weight. Tool.
Hey you. Melania wanted me to give you this message. 

(Read in Melania’s voice) 

“No one likes you Donald. Especially me.”
Richard Nixon also suffered from low energy just before he resigned. Adios.
The WH is doing unthinkable damage to America and the world. Time for you to pack up and leave.
We don't care what's going on at Mar-A-Lago!! OUR @WhiteHouse is in a dysfunctional chaotic crisis!! pssst btw, you do know Mar-A-Lago is NOT our White house right? If you keep calling it such, you need to turn the property over to the Gov to profit from instead of yourself!
Mr. Trump how can you state "That the White House is running smoothly" when everyday scandal after scandal is breaking out. Shoes are dropping everyday about corruption in YOUR administration You have fired most of the people you brought in Drama and chaos is the order of the day
Very true...! IT'S HEARTENING TO SEE #GREATINDIVIDUALS SUCH AS DEAR @PressSec #SarahSanders, WHO HAVE REALLY UNDERSTOOD Great Shree @realDonaldTrump Jee properly, FORMING THE GREAT #TrumpTeam that is running the #WhiteHouse Most efficiently and smoothly...!

Very truly BEFITTING Nice pic...! #GREATINDIVIDUALS SUCH AS DEAR @PressSec #SarahSanders Great Shree @realDonaldTrump Jee & THE GREAT #TrumpTeam at the #WhiteHouse are DISCHARGING THEIR DUTIES Most efficiently and smoothly AS THE ETERNALLY VIGILANT #WatchDogs of #Democracy...!



Lol - sounds like your fake doctor report.  You made that up too.
you're onto something here
The only thing bonkers is you.


With all due respect Mr. President, when are you going to stop tweeting everyday? Especially undermining the integrity of the Special Counsel through your tweets. It is uncalled for and unprofessional.
Your WH is a total mess. Staff resigning, being fired, you can’t keep anyone on staff - leaks from everywhere, EXCEPT Robert Meuller’s team. The rest of the world laughs at us. You’re a disgrace!
DD omg stop talking!
Losing it
When are you going to learn english?
Which Witch Hunt?
You are the "witch" Dumbo Donnie...and yes, you will be "burned at the stake!"
#TrumpLiesMatter #TheEmperorHasNoClothes #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrump #ResignTrump #Resign
Cry more about it. I don’t know how you actually get anything done when all you do is whine.
investigate your #VAHospitals #Ridiculousness #MindysFight shows you pics reports which have also been sent to your office from multiple states as well as 3 other Countries #MindyDougherty #whistleblower #GenevaConventionBrokenOnUSAsoil I thought you said you wanted the #Truth
Your buddy Giuliani just told FOX NEWS you paid the 130,000 back to Cohen....is that considered a Witch Hunt too..Lol You better keep all you liars on the same page. You lie so much you can’t even keep your story straight anymore. Pretty sick all of you.
You’re bonkers
We've seen how smoothly your White House is running. 
I'd fasten my seat belt if I were you!
MAGA!!
“Accomplishing the unthinkable.” Yep. Never thought you could drag the country into such a cesspool of corruption. Yet here we are.


@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @amazinmikey @bannerite @Mooncatadams @MtnMD @zeitgeistbabe #WomensHealth #IRS #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC #Navy

#NoBallsDonnie
DESPERATELY AFRAID
of Showing his Personal Taxes

Testifying Under Oath
IMPLEMENTING Russian Sanctions
PLEASE @POTUS, AMER PPL "DON'T" WANT U TO SPEAK TO MUELLER. IT'S A TRAP! BREAKING: RUSH - "@potus SHOULD HIRE THE BEST CONSTITUTIONAL ATTYS TO CONFRONT/COUNTER INVESTIGATE/SUE MUELLER'S UNCONSTITUTIONAL INVESTIGATION & SHUT IT DOWN!" @PressSec @RepStevenSmith @RushLimbaugh123
So we should all expect to hear someone is being let go this week... that's what these "everything's running smoothly" tweets always signal. And "stamina"? Is that why you spend several hours watching tv and tweeting every morning and then are in bed with a cheeseburger by 6:30?
Characteristics of Narcissists. #AHotMess
Just what brand of coffee do they serve at the White House?? LOL y'all are on fire! Keep it up -- true Patriots are loving it! #MAGA #FakeNewsMeltdown #DeepStateExposed

You are in our thoughts and prayers Mr. President.  You’re doing a great job, sir.  Thank you.
Yea, "Unthinkable" is a good description of what you're "doing". No one ever thought you could be so Evil, Greedy & Dispicable! You Betray US while lying with every breath you take. You won't get away with any of it. Bet on that!
You haven’t accomplished anything.  You’ve only spent your entire term bragging that you’re accomplishing things.  It’s similar to how you brag about your success, when no Trump products are any good and your chief talents are bullshitting and borrowing money.
Bye Bye Rex Tillerson, Mc Master, Mc Stain, Paul Parasitic Ryan, soon to hit the door. Good Riddance!
Give it time. I believe that fake news is turning into"Real" News. That may be the reason your so worried. Prison time will do you good.
‘The Unthinkable’ Indeed. - Sad
Love you President Trump!
He is good doctor for 8years ..no complaint..now he is candy man..cuz Trump ...it makes me laugh
You're bonkers. Resign.
That’s because there is no one home. They have been fired, replaced or walked out.
SO nice to have a President that lives in a dream world!!!!!!!! You need to face reality. American cannot afford to have such a sad excuse for a leader. :(


Smoothly. Its run by the Trump Crime family on behalf of the Putin.
John Kelly was right.
It’s a f—king swamp filled with vileness and deep corruption and moral corruption, motivated by greed!
People that don’t steal don’t tell others I don’t steal, people that are ethical don’t need to tell others how ethical they are.
Would that be the same amount of stamina as in the letter that you dictated for your doctor to release?
Like this?
Are Energy and Stamina stage names for your hookers? If not, they shouldn't be capitalized. You should be smarter than a fifth grader yet, here we are.
Dragon energy?
Who wrote this? Kellyanne?
Unfortunately NO - there's not a lot accomplished with this white house, unless you count an elevated and bizarre reality show soap opera ongoing day after day. Where are all those "great people" you were supposed to surround yourself with? SAD!
You ARE right that many of the things you've done have been unthinkable.
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
Sure they are moron
Our POTUS is doing such great things, so many great things and we are not tired of winning; but the #FakeNews are going "bonkers!" #MAGA #Winning #PhonyWitchHunt #EnergyandStamina
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.#MAGA
Unthinkable corruption, so yah. Obama was better in every way imaginable.
Your “Presidency” is a joke and an embarrassment. Your staff can’t even get spelling in your press releases right let alone get the best and brightest on staff. If your process worked, stuff like misspellings and missing words wouldn’t be in every other document or tweet.
No, you are the one that is going Bonkers!
Very smoothly??! People are leaving your administration left and right! Either being INDICTED or just plain quitting!
#trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar
Stock market plunging, increase in gas prices....should I continue!?!?
How many people have been fired? Quit? Left for all kinds of reasons?  You are running the highest EVER turn-over rate --- NOT a well-oiled machine at all but a broken down dump truck with the wheels coming off.
How can you get things done, when you are always golfing?  Something you criticized Pre. Obama for.  You have spent more time in Fl than in D.C.
#SUBPOENA

I sure hope the energy is ~Dragon Energy~
SILENCE WITCH!!  And stop talking about  fake  "dragon energy"!
If a politician is speaking they are lying. So what is wrong in the White House that is not being said?
Are Energy and Stamina the names of adult film actresses?
How's that tax cut working? Lots of stock buy backs, not much in the way of stimulating job growth and the economy. Is the tanking market still yours?
Winning. Been a lot of that going on lately......but we can take some more.....not tired of it yet #MAGA #QAnon #GreatAwakening #NobelPeacePrize
Something familiar - something peculiar - something for everyone - a Comedy - Tonight!
You are doing a great job for the American people, keep up the great work for AMERICA! 

TRUMP TRAIN 2020!!!
What’s for tea tonight?
Energy and Stamina
#FakeNoose is killing you.
Your remarks sound like you're bragging on your Viagra. Ca-Ching! 
COLLISION. ....TREASON....JAIL TIME
Very smoothly.  Who quit today? That’s right your Lawyer.  Even Ty Cobb knows it’s time to leave like rats on a sinking ship #littledonnieliarliarpantsonfire
We are trusting your plan and LOVE how you are keeping your promises and delivering results like no administration EVER!!!  
#Winning #MAGA 
#POTUS45 is a bada$$ ROCKSTAR
#qanon
#TrumpTranslation: Move it along, America! No sorcery here, etc. Those pills Ronny Jackson gave me, "great Energy & unending Stamina," are necessary to get things done! We are blowing your minds, America! Free News is full of "smarties!"
, witch hunt = slap the cuffs on me, I’m guilty AF.
The fact that its running is amazing after all the resistance.
Build the wall
Using Jedi mind tricks again a Trump !
If everything is running so smooth, why do you keep firing everybody or they resign?  Liar!
Keep fighting Sir, We Stand With You!
Did you just admit that you're "accomplishing the unthinkable"? 

We've been saying that since the first DAY of this shit-show of a #FakePresidency! 

Unthinkable
Unconscionable 
Unimaginable
Unmitigated 
Unheard Of
Unhinged
