Who is that?
Give this man the Nobel Peace Prize!!!
Mike Pompeo is already one of the best Secretary of States we've had in years!
Clinton failed.

Bush failed.

Obama failed.

Trump succeeded in helping usher Peace in Korea. #KoreanWar
Obama got a Nobel Peace Prize for doing nothing.

@realDonaldTrump better get one for helping end the Korean War!!!

#BREAKING Kim Jong Un announcing that the Korean War will be ended.

Absolutely incredible turn of events when just a few…
U actually think Trump had ANYTHING to do with this? I want cohesive details please. This will be fun
Do u Supoort the POTUS
Another amazing accomplishment by the Trump administration that the #FakeNews told us was impossible... Keep up the winning for the world!
This NEVER happened in the Obama administration.
To much work for obama to try to bring together...straight up he makes the last 3-4 presidents look like infants #machine
How does Trump (the American President) have anything to do with what is happening in Korea? Lol and just to clear things up Obama didn't have a chance to do anything because he was too busy fixing what George Bush had already fxcked up and here we would think that you was smart

South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless. 
The real reason why they decided to put their difference aside was because our president just sent missles to a country Korea is allies with , but that's just my opinion but regardless there was history made under Donald Trumps Presidency 70 year war, what a time to be alive 
No one ever thought that North Korea would be solved. Trump has basically solved the problem without having to drop a single bomb!
The problem is a long way from being solved. Even Trump has doubts.
This work has all been done by the Koreans themselves. You have had no part, try as you may to slime your way in by illegally sending a SoS who hadn't been confirmed by Congress. You are over-stepping your authority, but hey, what's new. #TrumpCorruption
You do realize that many of those launches happened after you childishly called Kim, "Little Rocket Man", correct? you'd better let South Korea handle all of this. With your thin skin all progress could be undone in less than 24 hours with another Twitter tantrum. #UnfitForOffice
The literal South Korean Minister of Foreign Relations said Trump played a major role in bringing Kim to the table of negotiation
I’d love to know how—it certainly hasn’t been diplomacy!

More likely, starvation in NK is forcing Kim to seek an end to sanctions. He knows a fool when he sees one—he’ll take full advantage of Trump’s narcissism.

They did it themselves. You had nothing to do with their ending war.
It's starting to happen because you are not involved with your man baby bullying tweets. #TrumpRant #MrPoutyFace #manbaby
True.
How about Considering Indianapolis, Indiana’s former Mayor, Greg Ballard, for VA Secretary?  He’s a proud Marine and did a fantastic job as Mayor!
I loved that furious interview on @foxandfriends yesterday. 
I think you're making world a better place
Going from all most WW3 to being best buddies overnight!!! Can we trust N Korea? Why the sudden change ?????
Trumpdy trumpdy sat on a wall trumpdy trumpdy had a great...
... presidency
And yet he continues winning.
This man has only been in office one year and in that time he has defeated ISIS, brought Canada and Mexico back to renegotiate NAFTA, lowered unemployment, helped create a booming economy, brought North Korea to the peace table and is deporting illegals. He still has 7 more years
1- ISIS has lost 99 percent of its territory since he took office. Totally defeated? But then again ISIS doesn’t live by your clock and they were just getting stronger during the last presidency. Canada and Mexico are already renegotiating NAFTA. Also where are your sources?
Nice!
Yes
Something GOOD IS DEFINITELY about to happen @realDonaldTrump BUT NOT FOR YOU!  #KarmaIsABitch Hahahahaha

Good things? Are you resigning?  YES!
You have to express your thankful to Wisdom Chaness leaders who take care of it..
Please stay away and let wise people handle it. 
“Tweeting a lot.. and do nothing Mr president”
I think he has done a lot.. especially in the international politics of US.. the Koreans have signed a pease treaty, Iran is afraid -as it should be- from sanctions, all the terror financing countries are on their toes waiting for US actions..
America is rising again and taking on its responsibilities as it should have done 10 years ago..
I may agreed with part of your input. But China’s did a lot to prevent any US invasion to N Korea. 
I will always express my thankful toward people who prevent the War not lunch it.
China havnt acted as they did until president Trump did what he did.. talk about actions not just talks..
At the end of the day.. im not US citizen I am a Saudi.. and I love seeing an American president taking actions toward the real problems!! In the previous admin we only heard talks and fears.. now we see actions!! Continue Mr. President..
North and South Korea announce the end of the Korean war and first thing you tweet about is your sick obsession with James Comey
Another dumbocrat hater
#TrumpForNobel!
If Trump himself put out a house fire with 3 infants
in it, the dead minded left would say he used to much water..
You are awesome. We the People have you back 10000%. WE ARE 10000%ers!
You deserve a Nobel Peace Prize!
Thank you! #MAGA
if N Korea does denuke, and Korea reunites, then the leaders of N and S Korea deserves the Nobel Peace prize, not Trump
KEN you're a FAKE ACCOUNT and this is not the only one you have. GET LOST!
i know you re not happy good things are happening....
You will screw it up.
Resign

Tell me how making peace with North Korea is a bad thing? Oh wait, you're probably just a bot.

Thank you for proving my point!
Lol you have 23 followers, You indeed are a Russian Bot!! LOL go away Path etic little bot
How does my follower count have anything to do with being a bot? Oh well, I guess this little bot is now worth your time.
Your last sentence contradicts itself.
Don’t think you will get this peace prize.
And you want credit, right?
Trump is the best President.
You forgot to mention the fact that NK's ONLY missle launch platform was destroyed by cave in's! That maybe had a little bit to do with him not testing his rockets for a little time??? Huh???
Has anyone bothered to check&see if he's building a new launch site???
It's not like we can just walk into North Korea and start searching for test sites.
Seriously?
Let me guess, you are a maga&trump fan?
We have been using spies,spy satellites and spy recon air vehicles for decades to gain info on our enemies and allies!
You didnt know this?
Turn off fox&friends,get a real education then come at me with a serious reply! Ty
Then we would know if they're building another test site.
Lol!
Ok I see I'm dealing with a maggot---I mean Maga!
I dont waste my time on facist puppet supporters!!!
U just made the block of the day!!!
Congrats!
U can now go back to screwing ur sister or shooting a kitten with an assault weapon or picking ur lard A$$! Whatever!
BYE-BYE
You had nothing to do with it that’s for sure.  Resign
But South Korean minister thinks otherwise
Thank You Mr. President!

As long as you stay out of it!  
Shut your trap and move on 
And Trump will try to take credit! If anyone cares to investigate, NK Leader has no choice but to give in, his last missle launch collapsed his silo launch capability! LOL!
Credit where credit’s due, you do seem to have a knack for relating to psychopathic dictators.
Hah!
Wait... I thought your NoKo policy was going to result in global annihilation.

I'm confused

Actually... It came back at 171.

And I have proof.
I'm not the one claiming to be omniscient and judging others.
You realize how silly you sound? Please take your “IQ discussion”
off my timeline.

It appears that things have calmed down since North & South Korea cut you out of the loop. 

South Korea realized they could do this without you.
The buildings at the test site collapsed and is unstable, due to an earthquake. They couldn't test even if they wanted
They need you to lift sanctions so they can start profiting again and rebuild You are being played
Anyone wanna bet he lifts sanctions
So you know more than our govt....How is that?
The earthquake and damaged test site has made the news
So when is China going to lean on Trump to remove USA troops from South Korea...? 
You’re aware the NK doesn’t need to do anymore testing? They haven’t tested for months, not because of your bullying, but because that part of their arsenal development was complete.
They just agreed to give up their nukes...
No they didn’t.
Denuclearize - To remove nuclear arms from.
He agreed to negotiate yes, not he’s hasn’t agreed (offficially) de-nuke. I hope it happens. But Trump is not responsible. There are a lot of factors and that moron didn’t mastermind this.
Of corse it wasn't all him. But the pressure the US put on him definitely had something to do with it. He wouldn't just give up his bombs because SK was being nice.
His country is in dire straights economically, he also wants equal work standing as leader despite what he does to his people.  That’s why he’s doing this.
His economy has been fucked since the Korean War. Now all of a sudden he cares? Nothing to do with the nuclear missiles aimed at his house?
The Koreans deserve all the credit for progress.  All Trump has done is bully and threaten.  The S. Korean Olympics opened the door to peace.
I'm so proud your our @POTUS! Amazing Historic Start! We are praying and Routing for you @realDonaldTrump 
#WeThePeople Love you, Believe in You And Stand With You #GodBlessAmerica #MAGA
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS TRULY AMAZING !
I think we need to let the two leaders talk together for a while without any outside interference. Let them build a Korean path to peace! 
Obviously that would help.
Yes it would. Most people today do not understand that the Korean people never wanted to be separated into two Koreas. That was forced upon them in the aftermath of WWII. I think Kim may be sincere and we need to give them room to find a peace that will work for the Korean people
Well like I said before there's no trust there. I
Suppose it's plausible but I wouldn't hold my breath. But I agree  World War II didn't do a very good job of borderlines or securing ones cultures and traditions I don't have the answers only they do & you're right they need. room
A Real #NobelPeacePrize Belongs to YOU @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
https://twitter.com/MagaApplePie/status/990023560424050690 … …
South Korea’s Foreign Minister says “credit goes to President Trump” for bringing North Korea to negotiate 
Yes, it does 
Check out #QAnon WWG1WGA Tees First edition. Q+++ Printed and shipped in the USA.  Women's tee,s Hoodies, Long sleeve and Tank top will be added to the storefront at a later time. This allows more colors to choose from. @realDonaldTrump

You did nothing
Thanks @realDonaldTrump  for make this come through! We all know it happened due to ur unrelenting efforts.  Kudos Man!
Thank you Mr. President for the powerful leadership in America and the world around us. God Bless America!
Donald Trump is the peacemaker!  Excellent job!
What a clown. He takes credit for what South Korea did in trying to mediate peace through diplomacy while he was busy shooting his mouth off calling Kim Jung Un names and threatening "fire and fury".
Except for the fact that the South Korean President said he would have been able to do it without Trumps help 
My bad. I meant wouldn’t*
How come u haven't claimed credit 4 getting the 2 Koreas 2gether? Thought by now u'd have said u scared Un in2 knuckling 2 your power & strength.
He is getting the credit for it.
Whatever helps you sleep at night sweetheart.
Lol, you’re high af if you think Trump will go to prison. That was sure a good laugh though. Keep em comin
Who care what happened 45 years ago. Live in the past much?
Dear President Trump;

  With all due respect, request for the President to give credit to the US 65th Infantry Regiment that fought valiantly and sacrificed their lives in the Korean war. 

  I know you'll do the right thing, you always do Sir.

#KimJongUn nuclear site collapsed. he wants South Korea & us to pay for it's cleanup as radiation leaks are happening.  he's lied for years but has clearly stated his hatred of you, America & South Korea. he's lying to get money, just like you & the entire #GOP do.

He's playing you
Here’s why @realDonaldTrump has already likely been defeated by #KimJongUn even before their first meeting. http://www.cnn.com/video/data/2.0/video/world/2018/04/27/exp-perspective-on-koreas-summit.cnn.html … @CNN
Well said. It's very suspicious how all of a sudden he's being reasonable and cooperative.
Sooo, I’m sitting here wondering & taking bets on how long it’s gonna take b4 u take credit for this meeting between North & South Korea.. Just like when u ACTUALLY tried to take credit for the success of the Olympics.. S. Korea had been planning & setting up for the Olympics for
Literally YEARS, and then u come in after it happened and say all the success was because of u.. That’s the very definition of a narcissistic person!! Taking credit for someone else’s accomplishments!! YOU HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT!! Or this either!!
Have you seen the @TwitterMoments   That clearly shows that the NKorea nuclear testing site is collapsing and can no longer be used?  That means Kim isn't giving up anything. He's manipulating you, @realDonaldTrump   Kim is trying to get something from you. He gives you nothing.
This has nothing to do with your negotiating skills. Kim can't test on s collapsing nuclear site. He's making you think he's giving up something he can't use anyway to see what your enormous ego will get you to give him. He knows how to compliment you. Take a grown up with you.
#Trump The Great
Perfect work done 
#Perfect Peace for Korea
Was it fast and furious?

Patience with right attitude can pay dividends, thank you @POTUS
#TrumpNobel #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NorthKorea #NationalParkWeek #NorthKorean 
#SpecialReport #InfinityWar #Nobel 

GIVE PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP 5 NOBEL PEACE PRIZE. TAKE IT AWAY FROM OBAMA
Thank you President Trump!
#QAnon
@realestanney @c_dale27 good things happening, well they might happen, but we’ll see
Fully agreed Mr Trump but you can control the time, can’t you? As you are so much better than Obama, you can definitely fix the issues and receive the Nobel Peace Prize!
@FLOTUS @MrsVanessaTrump @therealstormy1
Don’t pay yourself on the back too hard, it had nothing to do with you.
I think Obama did those negotiations, didn’t he?
The only things spanky can brag about are the the things he inherited. Hey, that’s pretty much the story of his life, isn’t it?
Trump. You are a amazing man. The world needed you.
Sir, you read like a fortune cookie that’s been violated by the world’s most pathetic knock-off Magic 8-Ball.
What is happening now is a lot of great Propaganda for Kim Jong Un at home. That's it. You are just the convenient tool that Kim Jong Un is using.


I LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! YOU'RE A KEEPER THAT'S FOR SURE! YOU DESERVE A NOBEL PEACE PRIZE!! XOXO #MAGA
I'm sorry... who are you again?
Here what will happen if the Socialist democrats ban our guns.
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=374659676341954&id=100013937743751 …
The FBI and the DOJ is corrupt and all the top supervisors must be replaced, fired, or arrested. This corruption must be cleaned up and integrity brought back.
OK so Barbara Streisand has spent an enormous amount of money to clone her dog... You'd think she would want to save a pooch from death row in a shelter. Money creates insanity, and she has the nerve to call other people crazy.
The Democrats use lying rhetoric to smear our president and opposing view. American is wise to this Democratic McCarthyism. The Democratic rhetori is equal to Russian Propaganda.
It took a business man to come up with the right policies to make the America's economy soar and he is keeping his promises like no other politician could do.
I see a Nobel peace prize in someone’s future!

It was fraud and failure to release the abducted Japanese before and after the meeting.
你这英文恐怕人家看不明白。你说说你的意思，我帮着译过去，让川爷明白你的意思。
This was an accomplishment achieved by korean leaders. You were too busy tweeting on the shitter to have a tiny hand in this.
Good things will start right after you’re impeached  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Nothing to do with you. Racist 
I don't believe North Korea will give up Nuclear. Trump is too native, although so old.
Naive, not native
Donald Trump literally had nothing to do with this at all. Why are people showering him with all this praise when he did nothing but hinder the peace talks?
Yeah it's not like pressure from the biggest superpower in the world had anything to do with the submission of KJU
What has the USA been doing for the past 60 odd years???
Electing people who didn't care enough to deal with NK
"Probably"
Hahaha, yep you’re always right no matter what right? And I guess sanctioning NK is not caring, but also trying not to provoke them to keep Americans safe is also not caring right?
Sanctioning him and ignoring him won't stop him from pushing the big red button.
N Korea has what they wanted; icbm's, atomic warheads, and validation by meeting with an American President. Good thing they accidentally blew up their testing center. By the way, the enigmatic, magic 8 ball pronouncements like "we'll see" are ridiculous. #FoolOnTheHill
Love you President Trump!
#Qanon
Your so right Mr. President.  Only time will tell.
Bravo @POTUS!!!! 
Has nothing to do with you, N. Korean's launch pads collasped that is why they are discontinuing there nuke program.   Why don't you tell the people that?
O rocket man I love your rocket ! O Mr Trump you have such small hands you make my rocket look big bahahhahahah
I'm amazed that @Wharton @Penn doesn't distance itself from you.  Your capitalization of nuclear astounds me.
You lie lie lie lie and then lie some more. North Korea finish what they needed to do and they have a destroyed missile site and are out of money. Just once stick to the fax it would be so refreshing! Such a little worm
解决独裁者的问题，唯一选择是战争，就现中共与朝鲜双簧，也是在美利坚的强大压力下进行，只要中共继续在大陆存在，朝鲜半岛的和平只是一厢情愿。
Gracias Dios porque la conciencia del ser humano está siendo renovada y si es posible tener un mundo mejor!. Ya basta de tanta maldad en la tierra.
This has nothing to do with you.
The Korea’s know how to successfully negotiate. Take lessons @realDonaldTrump
And what happened. President? With the border with great wall? Because I do not know why the persons are arriving toward our country.
It all started with you Mr President!! Great job continued pressure on the North has helped get us here

Te cagaste, verdad pendejo?
Thank you sir!
Congratulations Mister President for your involvement.
You deserve #NobelPeacePrize congratulations Sir 
If #USA exit #IranDeal and oppose tied sanctions #Mullahs regime will be forced to drop #Khomenie revolution constitution and live in peace with its surroundings and #ArabGulfStates
God bless you @realDonaldTrump you are the one to truly make a difference.
Time you set Rusal straight instead of compromising
हिंदुस्तान में एक ही संत है जो इस तीसरे महायुद्ध को टाल सकता है संत रामपाल जी महाराज यदि उनका ज्ञान विश्व में फैल जाए तो सब आपस में प्यार से रहेंगे लड़ाई खत्म हो जाएगी
Mr. President, You are making this world a better and more peaceful place while at the same time Making America Greater than it has ever been and the Mainstream Media is turning a blind eye. So Sad.  In my book you are the Greatest President in history. God Bless You.
Thank you sir!!!!! Awesome job. I knew your button was bigger than his. #Winning
As Long as you are at the helm, I have no doubt about a Glories future for American and the WorldIts Fantastic to see the Master Builder, rebuild America brick by brickGod Bless Our POTUSNavyVet

You are amazing Mr President!!! We the American people appreciate all that you do for us...the world appreciates what you do! Thank You
GOOD LORD YOU'RE FOOLISH.  COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY.
AND IT IS TO YOUR DOING 45. Never before has America been blessed with such a strong and AMERICAN WHO IS A TRUE AMERICAN accept since maybe RONALD REGEN. #maga
Close call ...you almost started World War Three with child-like provocation!  Thank God for the leaders of South Korean and China for orchestrating a peaceful resolution!



Very good
You are the best , and a very stable genius! Thank you!

Thanks for keeping us safe, Donnie.
No thanks to you, little Rocket Man!
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/10/world/asia/moon-jae-in-trump-north-korea.html …

Probably should read up on that yeah?
Did you read it?  “Mr. Moon’s comments and his conversation with Mr. Trump suggested a tactful maneuver by the South Korean leader to stroke the ego of Mr. Trump...”
Proud that Kim is taking the step to officially end the war. 

Now the United States and China should back to F off and let there be peace. 

It is none of our business.
别太天真了
President Trump, you'll win a Nobel Peace Prize.
America is now that much safer
Who wrote this? Not 45. It is in understandable english.
teach the people to Thank the God up in heaven like George Washington did.This is because we need God to protect you,your family,and the United States.If we Thank him,I believe he will bless America again.
Yes!  They now have NUKES!  Thanks Mr. Trump.  You elevated him and he played you.  You look foolish on the world stage.  Now you know why no US President ever met with a dictator.  You being a wannabe dictator wouldn't get it! #Dumbassery
Do you EVER just shut up?
WINNING!!
Congratulations, Chief. You did it.
Yeah, and you didn’t do shit except start a trade war with China and trade jabs with a two bit dictator.
Good things are happening IN SPITE of you. Hopefully you don't screw up the progress President Moon Jae-in has established.
Mr.President, please help us bring back the Japanese people abducted and taken to North Korea!
Thanks Daddy. You have my support in 2020. It feels great to feel safe again after years of democrats screwing everything up. Hats off!!
No one wants to listen to you crowing about you making it happen. The only role you have had to play in any unification anywhere is countries and people unifying AGAINST you and your toxicity.  #TrumpIsToxic #TheKoreas #UnifiedKorea
yes thanks to Mr President Trump for standing for the world!!!! Another one Obama couldn't pull off!

Bitch you didn’t do shit.
Don’t jinx it Donny...
Appeasement never works! 
Moon Jae in is acting like Chamberlain before WWII, and Mr. Trump has been cautiously alerting on what is going on.
Don't spoil the little rocket man with illusions that he has suddenly changed! A policy of stick and carrot is the only way to orthodox.

Name the countries that have become nuclear capable and then abandoned those weapons.  I’ll wait.
President Trump should be commended for everything that has happened in Korea so far. Not the Chinese, South Koreans or anyone else. PT boxed everyone in & forced their hand . Gunship diplomacy is the only way sometimes. Live and learn Obama, Clinton, Bush & everyone else!,
Trust but verify...
The only good thing will be when you finally get that wall you want #NotMyPresident . It’s waiting for you at a federal prison. Dignity left The White House when you moved in.
Nixon did some good too.  Even though you take credit for this newfound spirit of bonhomie, and perhaps you had some influence, in a enemy of my enemy is my friend kind of way, it does not expunge the numerous serious allegations for which you will be remembered/convicted. You
No thanks to you
I never doubted you, from the minute you were elected, you were a winner for me ...
Maybe Trump should shut the hell up and let them sort things out. After all this is a KOREAN matter. No need for Wreck-It Ralph Trump to jump in and infuriate both these KOREAN leaders with his "I know it all-listen to me-I'm running things now"attitude.
God bless PRES Trump and GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
You’re right: only time will tell; don’t count your chickens. North Korea is adept at playing this game. Are you?
6 inches.
Pls stay away from it all so you don't phuck it up.
@MBuhari is scheduled to meet with you. You need to know this:

1. Buhari is an Islamic extremist
2. He wants sharia across Nigeria
4. He supports  Boko Haram. 
5. He is using herdsmen to wipe away Christian communities.
6.All security chiefs are Muslims
Exactly, because Kim Jong Un is not to be trusted and is smarter than you are, not that that is any kind of feat.
#TABA
#BlueTsunami2018
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpResign 
#TrumpRussia 
#Traitor
#LockHimUp
Yes, good things are coming.
Mueller is coming....
for you.
It’s nothing you’ve done
A huge thanks to you President Trump!  Thank you.
Trump Mexico hate you we dont like you you are wrong guy do u think ur the best important guy in the world ist not true u dont be the best ur ordinary guy also because ur not rich anymore by the way ur wife Melanie has romance whit somebody else.
TRANSLATION: I haven't been there. The President of South Korea has made all of the trips to NK and made all of the meetings with Kim. I have done nothing but Twwet aggressively!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!
As long as you stay out of it - it will work out. You are the worst potus in history and just screw stuff up. Stay out of this.
Thanks to you president Trump job well done if only the idiots out there would see all the good you're doing in this world maybe one day they'll wake up and smell the roses but I doubt it good job president good job
Great work Donald!  
No thanks to you.
Well the hero..
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Don’t trust and do verify!
The devil doesn't change his intent to kill, he only changes vehicles in which to do it. . August 23 1939 Hitler April 27 2018 Kim Jong Un
Buyer beware.  "Potter isn't selling, Potter is buying"
Kind of like with charges being prepared for you!!
I hope so. KEEP OUT IT, you fool, before you screw it up. #ETTD

Yeah, "#LetsWaitAndSee "
#GrowthRateTwoAndThreeTenths
#TaxScamBill 
#CaveatTrumptor
Your accomplishments are unparalleled! But this is just the start.  The BEST is yet to come!
"The Lord bless you & keep you. The Lord make His face shine upon you & be gracious to you. The Lord lift His countenance upon you & give you peace." Num.6:24-26
Thanks to President Trump 
Never relax! They’ve lied before!
No Choice Donnie, The Mountain Collapsed.
Way to have it both ways comrade!
From one liar to another.  Should be an interesting meeting
They are talking because someone even crazier is leading our country.
Don't break your arm patting yourself on the back Spanky!!! Nothing concrete has happened yet...
Thank you, South Korea!
Keep praying.  Keep GIVING GOD all the GLORY
Let’s keep our fingers crossed .... prays on our lips 
@POTUS  #GuamPeaceTalks US strategic meeting to be a show of Int influence - China  take note!
Well done Mr President, this is down to you!  Can't wait until you visit us across the pond.  We look forward to welcoming you.
