‘Trump doctor Harold Bornstein says bodyguard, lawyer 'raided' his office, took medical files

Bornstein said he felt "raped" after White House aide Keith Schiller and lawyer Alan Garten showed up unannounced and took Trump's files’
‘And it’s certainly not a breach of medical trust to tell someone they take Propecia to grow their hair’

Actually, in Trump’s defence, it is a breach of medical trust, Doc. 
Former trump Doctor, Harold Bornstein is saying that he was raided by trump’s bodyguard Keith Schiller and top attorney Alan Garten and basically stole all of trump’s medical records. This sort of scary thuggish behavior…
‘Rosenstein On Impeachment Threat: The DOJ ‘Is Not Going To Be Extorted’’

Flagrant underhanded tactics GOP?  It’s becoming the daily standard. 
‘Mueller's former assistant says grammatical errors prove leaked questions came from Trump’ 

Gotcha. 
‘57 white supremacist gang members charged in North Texas drug trafficking, kidnapping conspiracy’

Very fine people... 
‘Feinstein drops opposition to legal pot, giving legal marijuana a new ally’ 
‘Republican Candidate Brian Kemp Points a Shotgun at a Teen in a Campaign Ad’

Georgia, Kemp is NOT a man you want as Governor. Just sayin’
If your administration leaked the questions, which I am sure they did, it’s just another obstruction charge coming.
FOAD!
It surprises me everyday how much of an idiot you are.
Well where is the collusion? Maybe I’m an idiot but this is taking to much time and money for a for sure thing. by the way collusion isn’t a crime is it? I mean Barry was over in Europe and UK telling them how to vote on camera? Asking for a friend?
BTW, it would be completely irresponsible for ANY information about an ongoing investigation to be talked about to the press. If they have information on collusion, it will all come to light when the investigation is over, and charges are brought.
Or not brought, right?
Isn't he innocent? (Ha!) Charges have already been brought with more to come.
What charges were already brought?
You assume it's only about Trump because you KNOW he's guilty. These questions, written by his lawyers, are for a 'subject' not a 'target'. Many have been indicted & more to come.
I don’t assume anything. Saying something has happened when it hasn’t is closer to assuming than anything I’ve said. Enjoy your evening.

Yes, this is a witch hunt! And you're the warlock!
Who is he feeding this BS to? Definitely his base.
You leaked it, and the world knows it. #fakeoutrage We already see your only pathetic way out of this is to trash everyone around you. Transparent strategy. How much you paying for them lawyers? What a waste.
Tick, Tock, Tick, Tock. Muller is getting closer to your web of deceit. Looking fwd to it when he reads you your rights. Tick Tock Tick Tock
Actually, there are 13 questions regarding your alleged (lol) collusion with Russia. You count on your base not bothering to read the truth within the article but just believing your lie. Sad!

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/so-disgraceful-trump-lashes-out-at-publication-of-special-counsel-questions/2018/05/01/f3796a9e-4c7b-11e8-84a0-458a1aa9ac0a_story.html?__twitter_impression=true …
There are lots of questions on collusion. You’re not very bright sometimes.
He gingerly avoided references to conspiracy and obstruction, we should at least give him credit for being smarter than a box of rocks
He did mention obstruction in another tweet, though.
True, but I believe he's wrong there
He’s definitely wrong there. It’s obvious he’s not listening to his lawyers. He’s playing to is ignorant base. He’s going to hang himself doing that, and probably already has.
Be careful what you are saying on here snowflake.
<Eyeroll>
You’re the disgrace. To this country. To the human race.
Orange man child encourages team to leak FBI questions to press to test public opinion, and then gets angry when response is not what he wants.

Diddums, you horrendous vileness.
Darlin, you believe whatever you want to believe.
Has anyone ever told you how stupid you are? Just asking #IdiotInChief
Pretty sure the DOJ will refer to what you did as not "collusion," but either "Conspiracy against the United States" or "treason." Depends on how the courts interpret the cyberwar that Russia -- with YOUR help -- waged against the American people. My guess: treason. Nice!
Treason might be difficult, given no declaration of war against RU, but you're right about the ongoing cyberwar. Notice Trump says "no collusion" ad infinitum, but never "no conspiracy". Trump's team conspired to commit election fraud, and he had to have been aware.
We're in uncharted waters, certainly, but at some point the U.S. will want to declare hostilities such as this an act of war. That the field of battle moved to "The Cyber" doesn't make it any less an act of war than when it moved to the air (or to space, for that matter).
Traitors

Your lawyers leaked them so knock it off, not everyone is as stupid as you...
You are aware this stuff is from your actions, Your attorneys files and all the interviews of all you mob crowd. You’re so limited you embarrass every American.
President Man-Baby needs our help fighting facts & kissing Soviet oligarchs! If he gets exposed to too many facts, he soils his diapers and throws a widdle tantwum! Free play on Facebook! 

https://apps.facebook.com/presidentmanbaby/ …
WHY QUESTIONS ON COLLUSION IF THERE WASN'T ANY? 

Stormy weather create leaks! Nice! 
PHONEY CRIME - ur tweets will convict you!
Illegally Leaked Reality Check day 5118. 

Waking up in AZ to the same defensive denial, psycho trip, name calling, blame game. GM world! 
People have been indicted and have pleaded guilty !    This is no witch hunt !!
Leaked by leaker #1 Rudy himself. The #FakePresident doth protest too much. #TrumpRussia #MuellerTime

President Trump: “No questions on Collusion”

*checks notes*

Robert Mueller has at least 13 (known) questions on collusion.
You can understand why he's terrified. This is how he answered just one question, over the phone, from a reporter. The ONLY way he can get out of this is to declare his dementia.
The leaking of the Mueller questions just shows that they never intended to do things legally. Instead the leak assures a kangaroo court and trial by court of public opinion. #trumptrain #maga @realDonaldTrump
Which variety of "deplorable" are you?
I am the other half you twit.
Then why declare yourself a "deplorable"? Did you misunderstand the quote?
I was falsely given the deplorable nom de plume due to voting for Trump as an independent. So the easiest way to minimize an insult is to embrace it and make it your own.
Spanky, with the inevitable release of your pee tapes, "leaked" is the last word you should use.
@realDonaldTrump wow, you are a special kind of snowflake.
The only thing that's made up and phony is you.  You are the most disgusting human that has ever walked the earth.  Correction, I don't believe you're human.  You have no respect for anyone or anything.  Not even the paraplegics.
Can you really be that dim? If you don’t think you’re in serious legal hot water there must be something wrong with your brain. So keep repeating your “no collusion” line if it helps you. We all know you’re just revealing the truth. You are a crook and a fraud.

Digging that hole
DRIP DRIP DRIP DRIP DRIP DRIP DRIP .... Talk to Mr. Mueller and prove us wrong. Very simple who needs a lawyer if you did not commit a crime? Public under oath televised interview.
.Why did Trump hire Manafort?
Why did Trump hire Manafort?
Why did Trump hire Manafort?
To help with Russia collusion.
To help with Russia collusion.
To help with Russia collusion.
GOOD ONE
AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA SEÑOR PRESIDENTE POR FAVOR. LA DICTADURA DE MADURO NOS ESTA MATANDO POCO A POCO
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
Answer the questions then, and we can all start breathing again.
IT'S SAD, YOU CANNOT READ. YOU ARE ARE A BASIC ILLITERATE ADULT. THERE ARE QUESTIONS RE:"COLLUSION". BUT WHY WE KEEP USING THE WORD IS ODD. IT ISN'T A LEGAL TERM. DID YOU COLLABORATE? CONSPIRE? COORDINATE? YES. IF YOU KNOW, STAY SILENT, THEN YOU ARE GUILTY! TREASON!
“Leaked” by one of your own!
Your lawyers receive the questions and suddenly they are leaked.  Even you can connect the dots on this one.  Lying Donald.
#1 - you are the disgrace and the reason for the investigation 
#2 - might want to ask your new BFF Rudy about that leak.
Not gonna happen, trump and his criminal associates are not above the law. And Guiliani cannot end the trump/Russia investigation he has no control over it. The investigation is over when Mueller says it's over.
Gulliani can go Meuller - speak mano to mano - tell him that we see thru your witch Hunt - surrender now or forever repent
So you're going to fire Leakin' Rudy?
Um. We all know you leaked it sweetie.
You know nothing, sweetie where is the proof if that lie,
Typos . No lawyer would leak with typos. Cobb trumps lawyer until 5 minutes ago confirmed it wasn't Mueller sweetie.
So, not very bright are you?  There are lots of questions on Collusion.  Why do you capitalise random words?  Are you trying to turn them all into brands???   schmuck
Actually, there are over a dozen of questions on collusion. If you’re innocent, just sit down and chat with Mr. Mueller. What do you have to lose? Don’t you want to prove all your doubters wrong?
Also, these questions were complied and leaked by @realDonaldTrump’s lawyers. The special counsel had no knowledge of them. Then,  Trump tweets how disgraceful it is that they were leaked. WTF?!!!
Compiled 
41K/25K = 1.64. You're getting ratioed badly when you rant illogically.

Read up about Benedict Arnold. The guy working with him was ordered to be executed by George Washington. That's what Washington would do to you for your crimes.
What crimes? Please name a specific crime and the chargeable incident you think is  in question.

Just one please, I'll wait.
Congress overwhelmingly passed a bill calling for sanctions against Russia, the same country that had Trump’s hires working for them, and Trump broke that law by not applying sanctions as specified. That’s one. Glad you waited.
whom was working for russia? specific names plz
Just look it up. A lot of them have already pled guilty.
No one copout. You can't name one. Just stop lying.
OK Mr. Lazypants: Gates, Flynn, Van der Zwaan, Pinedo, Papadopoulos, also charged are Manaford and 13 Russian nationals and 3 Russian companies. Cohen soon to be.
Haven’t you noticed all the leaks are coming from your people
For someone who doesn't like the word #collusion, you sure say it a lot.

BTW, "collusion" is just a commonly used word, not a legal term. Rest assured that when #Mueller indicts you for your many crimes, he'll use all the correct legal terminology.
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!

Actually there are 13 questions about your campaign colluding aka coordinating with Russia you dim wit. Coordinating is another word for colluding. 

#Collusion #Resist #RESIST #TrumpLiesMatter #TrumpObstructed #ImpeachTrump #Synonyms #DimWit
We are backing POTUS up we are behind him. Negotiations will fall apart without Pres Trump. Why not give him a chance like we gave Obama, you can vote to change things if he doesn’t come through . For God sake give him a chance. Look at the good he has done so far,  open ur minds
Please explain "good"
P!ease explain  " chances we gave obama"


I fell off the wagon! 
The fact that it is full of spelling errors & looks like it was drafted by an 8 year old suggests it was team Trump that drafted & leaked the questions

Why not clear this whole thing up, go under oath and talk to the man...
Well I suppose if anybody would recognise dirty tricks it would be you, Donnie!
Mr. President, if the FBI doesn't have to follow the law, the IRS/CIA/DIA don't have to follow the law, our elected officials don't have to follow the law and the DOJ does not uphold the law, Can we also ignore the law? 
We are getting tired of the double standard!
You're such a bad liar. I mean seriously, as much as you lie  and you still have no skills.

Yes, Donny.  We know.  You leaked the questions.

Yes, Donny - they ask about your criminal conspiracy with Putin.

Yes, you're going to jail.

You have to right to remain silent.
This might be a technicality, but don’t you have to BE silent to REMAIN silent? Oh, please, please, please; just be silent.
In the sage words of Andy Borowitz...
“If Mueller really wanted to ask Trump tough questions, he’d try, “Name the three branches of government.”
The way and frequency of this moron claiming  “there was no collusion” reminds me of the way and frequency he claimed Obama “was not born in the US”    #morallyUnfit

Why Would They Give You Questions On Collusion When They Know You’re Gonna Prove Collusion, Just By Your Responses!!
#GetItDumbDumb???
You leaked them, and you’re pretty transparent. Right after your attorneys get them they got leaked. Your idiot base might believe your BS, but most people don’t.
How Nixonian of you using #WitchHunt
Does your mommy know your on twitter?
Yo bot!
Yea.. everyone is a bot to you and your mommy
#TrumpRussia
Does your mommy know your on twitter?
@realDonaldTrump https://www.cnn.com/2018/05/02/politics/michael-caputo-mueller-investigator/index.html … #resistance #BlueTsunami2018 #TrumpCrimeFamily
Imagine how stupid you have to be to believe this is a crime! Check Charles Barkley, bill Clinton, your dad and probably your best friends pay for lay account.. does your mommy know you are on twitter?
The questions you “leaked” yourself? Nice try, dotard.
You spelled TREASON wrong

it was your people or yourself who leaked them cause that’s what this corrupt admin does all the time is leak and lie
for someone who says this is fake you sure go out of your way to defend yourself that is a sign of someone who is guilty
I don't think you deny collusion enough. 2 things happen when someone is concerned. Either they mention it a lot, or deny it a lot. Phycologically meaning you are worried or guilty
Mueller only gave Rudy Giuliani topics he wants to discuss and has not even written any questions yet.  Your own team wrote those based on what they thought Mueller might ask.  And then they leaked it without your permission.  They aren't very bright are they Dotard?
I voted for you... I really wish I hadnt
Some people just don't want to hear the truth because it hurts
Leaked by you. Ty Cobb just busted your theory!
Leaked by you *sshole.
If you weren’t guilty you would not be so obsessed with this. You can’t seem to focus on anything else. You are your own worst enemy!!
Your buddy Rudy Giuliani just outed you that you knew all about Cohen and his payments to your mistresses. Great hire you moron
Hey Donny,  I find it fascinating and reassuring that the respondents to your tweet almost unanimously eviscerate you.  The only pro-Trump replies are from bots.  Your myriad lies are catching up with you.  Sad.  Loser.  #BlueWave2018 #TrumpTakesDownTheGOP #UsefulIdiot #Kompromat
Are you just praying that the more you say “no collusion” that it would become true?
TRANSLATION: Questions totally not about collusion

► During the campaign, what did you know about Russian hacking, use of social media or other acts aimed at the campaign?

► What discussions did you have during the campaign regarding Russian sanctions?
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
Hey, trump, your lawyers leaked the questions so you could whine about them publicly!  Stop with the drama!

And if there’s “No collusion” as you say, which is super doubtful, then you should have no problem going to talk to Mueller whom by the way has said NOTHING ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION! He has morals, integrity & actually believes in the constitution unlike you!
It’s an open book test, and you’re still going to fail.
Cracks me up that all these looney liberals still cling to liberal lies  you people are literally destroying yourselves and are too stupid to stop and move on  but it’s fun to watch 
Caught in another lie. News broke yesterday that it was your own lawyer, Jay Sekulow, that wrote the list of 49 questions that were "allegedly" leaked to the NYT.
As usual...
I knew your own administration leaked the questions to create drama!!!  Proper grammar counts, that's how everyone knows it was your administration.  None of you can spell or structure a sentence correctly. YOU ARE THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER!!  You will be IMPEACHED!!!
You mad?
Here's a couple new words you will soon come to learn: Obstruction and Conspiracy. Oh yeah, and Money Laundering.
I wouldn't  Set down with maller until they give you what they give Hillary Clinton
Who is "maller", and who gave what to Ms. Clinton?
Block. It's a bot.
You and your team are GUILTY of many crimes. NO HOAX. NO WITCH HUNT.   YOur lawyer wrote and leaked questions.  You wrote doctors evaluations of your health.   language not that of physicians.   Lies.
Did the doctor sign it, if yes I don't care to hear another word from him.
True. His credibility is shot.
Has nobody told you not to drink and tweet? Please tell me this isn't a sober tweet. God help us all.
That's because most of his followers are bots, Russians or to dumb to click on a like icon.

I’m wondering how much money this “witch hunt” has cost the American people!! (People, time, etc, etc, ad infinitum!)
O, not costing us anything, leastwise that's what the Democratic Party would have us believe.
Your own lawyer leaked these questions. Now he has obstructed justice, and Dowd is a witness.

No more privilege.

It's all collapsing in.  The end is near.

Sleep tight.
Your use of “leaked” is so forth telling. Especially, when it’s being reported that it was leaked from your team.
Lol that’s a good one @gailyhanna
BREAKING NEWS: HOW DEEP STATE FRAMED THE TRUMP RUSSIA NARRATIVE, read the step by step guide "GET TRUMP" Part 3, a frightening must read for all true TRUMP SUPPORTERS
.. this of course begs the question "so why did you leak them"?
That's great; could you answer these questions publicly then and put an end to all these shenanigans?
You are losing it aren't you??? He who protest too much.......!!!!!
If there was no collusion why have some of your campaign people already plead guilty ?
NOT TOO SURE ABOUT THAT, AS TO PERSONAL OR PERSONAL! IT WAS SAID BY WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE "ALL THE WORLD IS A STAGE , AND WE MEARLY ACTORS. SOME OF US ARE NOT ACTING! 
I AM WHO I AM AND THATS MICHAEL ,
יהוה משיח מלך מיכאל (מיכיה)
If you weren’t guilty you wouldn’t post this BS!
If you did nothing wrong why you on Twitter defending yourself?
Except there were 13 questions regarding Russia collusion that would result in approximately 50 questions regarding Russia collusion.  You insult our intelligence when you lie like a criminal who has so much to hide!  Mueller is so on to you!
Only 10+ questions on collusion. Facts are facts. It is also clearly a fact that these were not Mueller's questions. These questions are not well written and came from sources within your defense team.
Then why did your lawyer to it
Quit whining. a. It was your team who leaked them, and b. Hillary sat through 11 hours of questioning and she didn't have the questions in advance. If you have so much more stamina than you claimed Hillary has, then you shouldn't be kvetching. #insanePOTUS45
I laugh at Trump Deplorable’s claiming Muellers team leaked the questions. The Mueller team has been investigating RussiaGate for awhile with no leaks at all, no press conference. But all of sudden they’re going to leak the questions, idiots are Trump supporters.
You talk all this shit on Twitter but you're scared to death to sit down with Mr. Mueller. Muster up some of that stamina you like to lie about and lets get this over with. Let the impeachment process begin! #FakePresident
Your own office leaked (grammatically incorrect) questions you dunce. Keep squirming 
Dear Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing,

"Campaign Coordination with Russia"

IS THE SAME THING AS

"Collusion".

It's the SAME THING!!!
There were 13 questions under:
"Campaign Coordination with Russia".

please STOP tweeting.
it really just shows
how not smart you are.
#TrumpRICO
Keep lying! Your just adding gravy!
They should be suid for the cost of their collusion scandal.  Why should we the tax payer cover that lie?
I don't blame you for being outraged.  I am outraged at how you have been set up so I can only imagine how you feel.
#TrumpLiesMatter #TheEmperorHasNoClothes #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrump #ResignTrump #Resign
"No questions on Collusion." You obviously couldn't get through the whole document...no pictures. Lots of questions on 'collusion'. Maybe have Ivanka read one to you each night before beddy-bye. #Collusion

2/2. ...by what we have now learned. Mr. Trump stood on AF1 and blatantly lied. This followed the lies told by others close to him, including Mr. Cohen. This should never be acceptable in our America. We will not rest until justice is served. #basta
Did you actually read the 49 questions?  No?  Let me tell you.  Lots of "Collusion questions".  I don't think you could answer any of them, honestly.  And lying would be even worse.  Resignation is the only answer but SDNY will probably get you for money laundering.
Time for Sessions to end the massive money waste. I could of retired three times already. Need to light a fire under some rear ends Boss.
POTUS please, please under NO circumstances sit down and answer questions. It is a trap from pits of bell. Please do NOT sit with mueller.
"A trap from pits of bell". Okay.

Are you afraid the Orange Bloviator will trip over his own lies?
Block the magat
#TrumpIsBroke #MuellerTime You embarrass us all!
Just for you
Perfect!
Don’t let Mueller get to Trump. That should be his attorneys watching out for him. Tell them all to shove it. He is OUR President after all.
 You're just afraid that your hero won't be able to keep his lies straight in front of a man who helped to bring down mob families.

You're not fooling anybody.
Military tribunals for the treasonous acts

You leaked your own questions! Mueller dont have leaks. Guiliani advising you how to steal your way out? Guilty!
but there are questions on collusion, and it appears your office or legal team did the leaking since you were the only one with the list
Take an extra ambien or two before bedtime oh and it’s conspiracy and treason not just collusion.
I appreciate you always capitalizing the “C” in “collusion.”
Grammatical errors in the "leaked" questions points to Trump as the leaker. You can't make this stuff up. lol. #fakepresident #idiotinchief #resignnow
Dotard lawyer drafted those questions and leaked them to media. LOL
BAHAHAHAAA/SERIOUSLY We all know your Administration or the new lawyer/advisor you brought in leak it and you probably told them to
Nice work on that leak, by the way. Mr. "I'm Smart" though lacking in grammar skills.
President trump please do not consent to mueller interview based on ONE huge fact - there was never a stated crime to pursue - a farce

Your people are the ones that leaked. It was you own attorneys' notes. The only way someone else could of leaked your attorneys' notes is if they wanted them leaked or they're terribly careless.
You are such a CRAZY MAN!! Guilty of something!!
Belly laughing. You're lawyers wrote the questions.
Mr.President,with all due respect,why even acknowledge this illegitimate,illegally instigatedinvestigationbyMueller?HISCOLLUSIONwClintons&highlySUSPICIOUSpast should disqualify Mueller&corruptconspiritors entirelyincluding&especiallyRosenstein!
Why is this criminal still investigating a made up & paid for scheme (treason) against you and not in a federal holding cell ??where is Sessions ?where is Law&Order ...everyone is waiting ..
LIAR.
Why would you talk to this bias bogus investigators??? There is no collusion. Quit appeasing the left. Fire them.
We'll see you in court then!
Donald, there are #Numerous.....#Questions on you
#Colluding with your Pal #Putin. Seriously, Donald
did you read it before you had them #Leaked?!?
#StopLying for 2 minutes Donny. 
#CanYouDoThat or are you have the
control of a #Toddler?

#BabyDonald
What are you even trying to say here? This is less coherent than your normal crazy-ass rants. Collusion isn't what you'll be charged with. It's a description of what you did. There were also plenty of questions on it. And last, leak came from your team. Oops.
If your so worried you would meet with #Muller .You wouldn't hide . Than again you are Putin's puppet , so disgusted by you . Worse usa president EVER . Come on guys Vote him OUT ! As my president said @BarackObama don't boo VOTE .

Did you ever think it's a counterpunch to your obnoxious tweets.

You leaked them Trump, and you know it.  It will come out.  Are you trying to make everyone feel sorry for you?  NOT.......  absolutely not happening.
#ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachTrump  We have a coward in White House. U should have known #CadetBoneSpurs was chicken. Hasn't even visited ANY active duty troops. #TrumpRussia
In what alternative universe do you live? The following question is about collusion.

“What knowledge did you have of any outreach by your campaign, including by Paul Manafort, to Russia about potential assistance to the campaign?”
There is a lot of leaking. I really believe Trump is the leaker to plant bad seeds in our American people heads to benefit  him
All of these leaks. Maybe you should pass out adult diapers to your staff to slow down these leaks.
ROSENSTEIN NEEDS TO GO.
OBAMA IS RUNNING YOUR JUSTICE DEPARTMENT

The one who should be prosecuted is Hillary and the like who leaked classified materials.
You KNOW your ass, or someone close to you, "leaked" them as a distraction. I hope that Mueller has a whole other set of questions. Not like it matters, you lie at a rate of about every other word already, so.....

This needs to end, its hurting the country..
You leaked classified info to Russian spies in the White House. That you aren't behind bars already is a crime.
Shhhh. You're leaking stupidity again, tiny hands.
You are so morron I can not beleive it.President of the most powerfull nation of the Free World.
السلام عليكم ورحمة الله تعلى وبركاته عزيزتي اعزاءي الكرام  انا من المغرب عمري 38 عام لدي 2 فتيات توام والحلة ظعيفة بزاف احتاج لي معونة عزيزتي اتمنا لك الخير ينشاالله عزيزتي هدا رقم هاتفي 21279321945 وهدا رقم حسابي البنكي عزيزتي 007720000538800030334031
Then why are you so nice to Russia & why did you bomb empty buildings in Syria?  Who picked the target?
Give them all lie detector test, then will know the leaker!
"The louder he talked of his honor, the faster we counted our spoons." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Giuliani said you “funneled” the Stormy payment through the law firm. Why did you stand on Air Force One and say you didn’t know about the payment? Lies! Liar in chief.
Questions written and leaked by your attorney, which contain several questions on collusion. But since your Dumb Don the Con, maybe you can’t read.
So you're just going to ignore the 13 or 14 questions, under a convenient header labeling them as such, that are explicitly about your ties to Russia? Just going to ignore them and pretend that they don't exist. Par for the course. Go golf some more
YOUR lawyers made up the question list.
YOUR lawyers are almost as stupid as YOU are.
I said almost.
Because...
Trump! They obviously don't have nothing else to do but keep.. trying to focus on what else to do to try n' take u out of office! Well u show them who's the boss! You show them who is in control of America!  Im sick of people trying to ruin.. our president!  Savages they r!
TRUTH BE TOLD SIR!
You're outraged about a leak that you or your lawyers are behind? Please.
Traitor
Oh comrade, for shame!

"What’s more remarkable is that the leak came from Trump’s side, so that Trump could blame the leak on Mueller."
Jackass.
Google involved...
Your own team leaked the questions you dumbass
POTUS get your enemies out!Rosenstien, Sessions, please FIRE these horrific enemiesSTOP Mueller interference & obstruction. All thanks to HRC & BHO.  May they rot in hell

Bradly if you don’t see it,your blind! I know because you lost the Presidential race you are very upset witch is understandable! Oh well !!
It’s criminal conspiracy to over throw a President
Liberals are DISGRACEFUL 
Conservatives,  well we are DEPLORABLE!
This phony fake distraction is COSTING US MILLIONS...and distracting YOU from the 
REAL JOB....
To guide, protect, lead and WORK for 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!!
Keep on PRESIDENT TRUMP!
FIGHT the GOOD FIGHT!! #MAGA
Whitch Hunt, Leaked, No Collision. Whitch Hunt, Leaked, No Collision. Whitch Hunt, Leaked, No Collision.
At least you know how to spell five words correctly. Two gold stars for Donnie today.  
Asi es sr Trump me acusan de muchas cosas falsas de persecusion de brujas de colision con brujas pero nada q ver mucho menos con Rusos 
Yo solamente soy un pobre caminante amigo de todo el mundo respeto ala umanidad y soy amante dela vida pasifica me gusta vivir en paz
Trump's team leaks the questions, then he attacks the fact of their "leak."
He has often pretended to be other people to put out a story that he wants.
There is something seriously wrong with this guy.
U leaked them. Trying to obstruct. So transparent. 
You have lots of time. What a joke u are @potus
