Me thinks the baby doth protest too much.
Because @HillaryClinton didn’t have the entire establishment out touting her innocence!! & she’s still GUILTY!!!
It’s over. That investigation is over.  Get used to it.  This one IS NOT 
It never should’ve started is the problem. Hillary colluded we the the Russians on a fake dossier
Everything that has come out in the dossier has in fact been proven thus far. You’re being lied to by not only trump but FOX NEWS.  HES TOAST. IN DEEP...STATE OF DENIAL.  SORRY. JUST THE FACTS BY EVERY OTHER NEWS SOURCE OTHER THAN BRIGHTBART OR FOX.
Don’t talk poitics. He’ll unfoiow you so hard you won’t know what happened. Another favorite demographic ...comedian Mormons for trump. 
Then do something. Hire a legal team that knows the Constitution - you can't be charged with Obstruction for firing Comey - it's in your Executive duties, Start fighting back. How about hiring Alan Dershowitz for one, or someone of his caliber and knowledge of the Constitution.
Just in Russian lawyer who met with trump jr worker with Russia’s chief legal office in an effort to thwart the justice dept.

Ha!
That would be from your pal Nunez who made a complete mockery of the house “investigation” to whitewash you?  Talk about FAKE NEWS!
The Emperor's New Clothes (Silver Penny Sto... by Diane Namm for $4.95 https://amzn.to/2q67VQm   via @amazon https://twitter.com/ForeverLogical/status/981697085018783745/photo/1pic.twitter.com/9ZMXva5pHY 
Trump gets a folder full of positive news about himself twice a day https://news.vice.com/story/trump-folder-positive-news-white-house … via @vicenews
Donald Trump might be the stupidest President ever
Might be!?
Second the sentiment
Third
MAGA
Fake investigation where the goal was to NOT find the truth. They're going to look really bad when the real truth comes out. So will you. Resign. Delete your account.
YOU are the witch and the hunt isn't over! NUNES is a Kremlin plant, as are YOU
Somewhere..... on this thread..... this is definitely happening . :)
Yes, WOW!!!
Wow. You're seriously disgraceful. Nunes is a joke and you know it.
Instead of their defending this country from an enemy Cyberattacking power they chose to earn their salaries by defending only You Mr President.. They are fighting for a man who would start out first being called President; then Dictator; then at last - His Majesty the King.
Your boy @DevinNunes does not get to determine whether your crimes go away Donald. Justice will be served and you both will fall. You are not above the Law, and you are not above our democracy. RESIGN now traitor.

Ha ha ha ha lol, lol, lol what a butt muncher.....wow he actually believes this dribble! He just cant wIt to get peed on this weekend.
So what do you think about your sons meeting with a Spy? I know you knew nothing about that just like Cohen does very very tiny tiny tiny work for you. The letter you wrote for him or should I say the lies you wrote for him..laughable!!!
I stand wit Robert Mueller
DID COHEN PAY OFF TGE REUBLICAN PARTY ?
THE
the House Intelligence Committee is the one thing that has less credibility than you, #Buffoon.  #ResignNow
Nenes is a liar. We’ll wait on the Senate investigation to conclude.
All this shows is that the Republican House Intelligence Committee isn't doing there job. The never followed up on Jr, Kushy, and pauly meeting with a Kremlin emissary hoping to get dirt on Clinton produced by a secret Russian plot.

... lol LOSER

A highly partisan, incomplete, and deeply flawed report by a broken House Committee means nothing. The Special Counsel’s work is being carried out by professional investigators—not political staffers. SC’s findings will be comprehensive & authoritative. Stay tuned, Mr. Trump.... …
Sorry, Illegitimate @potus, party-over-country traitors @GoP may back you, but 75% of Americans know you colluded with Putin. Resign while you can, and get ready for prison. #impeach #trumprussia
Lmfao. You mean the Republicans have cleared you mate.
Go to jail #Spanky
The research REPUBLICANS did and sold?? They would use it to trash u so they sold it, no one concluded anything other than your guilty
This should have ended before it started. Thank you for the news and for keeping on moving forward. God Bless
Moron, you & Clinton  sought dirt on each other, but clinton campaign did it legally, you are as crooked as they get, "OKAY", you understand what "okay" means? right ? You use it at end of most your statements.



This excerpt from the GOP House intelligence report is absurd. Papadopoulos tried to set up a campaign back-channel to Putin's office. DJT Jr., Manafort & Kushner met with a Kremlin emissary to get dirt on HRC. That's…
The Best President of the World
Only trump is fool enough to believe Kim Jong In is going to give up nuclear weapons
Where will Wall Boy be spending his weekend golfing?
SAD!

Oink Oink
>>
And here I’ve been calling him GolfBoy. Boy, do I feel silly.
Blotus, Twiitler, Moron, Dotard.... The list is endless.

A good point, although all FAKE NEWS, but what about whataboutism? The fact that you got conned by a traitor doesn’t change the fact that this treasonous illegitimate Fake President is being investigated for COLLUSION with Russia.

You should be proud.
If you think you're butt hurt now, wait until the truth comes out.
Right back at you. I’d love to be there when you find out that you were conned by the worst conman ever. 

Meantime, how’s that Great Wall? Enjoying the empty swamp, now that Donny Dimwit drained it? Basking in ISIS’ defeat, even though they’re still fighting?

You’ve been conned
This political hack job means nothing. The courts will sort you out. If you're guilty, you're goin' down.
Mr trump i hope you do everything to put Hillary Clinton in prison for treason....
Can't  believe you said people get fired quickly in Germany. I lived there, & it's difficult to fire someone in Germany!
Can't believe ANYTHING that comes out of his mouth
We are seeing just 10% of Muellerberg that has grazed Trumptanic, causing it to take on so much evidence of treason it will inexorably sink & die in waters of cold Russian conspiracy. 

We can't see 90% of Muellerberg's evidence which lies in wait underwater - sealed indictments?
Full covfefe ahead
Possible covfefe d' etat?
Yes, most worrying.
To conclude that there is no collusion based on the House Intelligence Committee's Report is like concluding that there's life on the moon based on Jules Verne's "From the Earth to the Moon"  They both have similarities to the truth but fall short of truth. #TheResistance
They're just trying to Obstruct your incredible leadership because if you continue on this path,  the world wins and you will win 2020 by a landslide.
With lots of good progress in the works up through 2020 too. Exciting times for those who allow themselves to see the changes.

@MariaPiaGallo6 even with that much gone, I'm affraid you're still full of it.
Good one
 peace and chicken  grease
Even FOX & FRIENDS chose to "CUT THIS DOTARD OFF" by suggesting that "his day was full" - LOL LOL LOL LOL. 'Fox & Friends' Pushes Trump Off the Air During https://bit.ly/2jfbf7W   After half an hour the W.H. told them to cut him off.
That wasn't an investigation, it was a total farce with no real digging into facts or relevant documents
TRUMP WILL HAVE TO DECLARE A STATE OF EMERGENCY TO DESTROY EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION & CONSPIRACY with Russia.  Republicans refused to look at evidence of collusion so their report doesn't contain any.

WATCH FOR THE MINORITY REPORT by Democrats in the House Intelligence Committee.
DOES IT HURT?
Your son, son-in-law & campaign manager met with a Russian spy while you were one floor up and you got a call from Don Jr afterward.  That is just one instance of collusion and I'm sure Mueller has a few more that hasn't been reported yet.  BTW, House Intel is not the courts...
House intelligence also lacks intelligence
.@realDonaldTrump Maybe it's time you stop staring at your phone and look at the evidence that is collected. We know there is collusion! It's just a matter of time before all the dots come together. THERE IS COLLUSION & YOU KNOW IT! STOP DENYING IT!
Wow! Republicans stopped their investigations prematurely and declared you innocent! Highly! Putin must be proud of making you president! #DirtyDonald
No thank you. I will wait for the Mueller investigation to complete. I’m not in favor of either “side” producing biased memos and reporting. We have a special counsel and a legal justice system for a very good reason. Calm down, if you’re innocent that will be the finding.
Trump's mom seeing the little devil for the first time.
You did cheer me up though, Spanky. I *love* it when you tweet "no collusion, no collusion." I can tell how scared you are of the Mueller investigation. Since Veselnitskaya admitted she is a Russian spy who met with Don Jr., be really scared.

Wow, they literally could have wiped their hind end with that report & you would say "it says no collusion"

Newsflash it says "your boy, Junior and your son-in-law" showed poor judgment taking the meeting.

Comey said the same thing about emails and you chant Lock her up.  
I find it so therapeutic tweeting at him.
This is the G.O.A.T though:
.@realDonaldTrump oh my fucking god can you PLEASE try to focus on something important you hot air balloon made of inflamed ballsack skin?
Is that a conflict of interest or what. Wasn't the wife ALSO under investigation?!
Good Adam Khan thread on McConnell, his wife Chao & conflict of interest. .
Thanks
@Khanoisseur a recommended follow on financial corruption.

@20committee for espionage/military history.

Legal LOTS:
@SethAbramson (great legal interpretation any time breaking MORONGATE news) @TheBeatWithAri @renato_mariotti @AshaRangappa_ (on TV a lot) @jedshug (Slate archive)
Thanks
Trump before the Fox interview.
Trump at Mar-A-Lago, after 6 hours of cable TV watching.
Good likeness, only Trump infinitely more sadistic, gangster & end stage paranoid!
You’re guilty as sin and I can’t wait for you to rot in prison
Oh I see now! You're upset because they've concluded and now they won't continue to help you with disinformation!
Said no one in the Judicial Branch of government... EVER.
“Intelligence” committee...

Steele, Christopher Steele - respected worldwide - the best .  We threw in a line and out came Moby Dick - Glenn Simpson #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
McConnell's true master.
Multi-Pulitzer winner Nicholas Kristof on Ari & recounted a heartbreaking story of women caught up in Myanmar genocide, WHILE on call dragged awy to be raped, baby ripped from her arm & thrown on fire. Bipartisan support for sanctions, but MM respects PM.
So true!
how horrible & guilty you are. Clearly something is coming down the pike. The investigation will end when either you resign or the truth, the whole truth, is discovered. You can't deal with it because you're guilty as hell. #resign
And, life is going to get even harder after 11/6
This is a lie.  What about the guilty pleas, the charges, against all the Russian agents you had on your transition team?  There is abundant evidence your entire transition team was nothing but Russian agents.  Flynn, Manafort, Gates, the list is endless.

ROTFLMFAO!!!
One of my favorites, freaking hilarious.
BUT, read this morning Manafort may cut deal in order NOT to spend 300+ years behind bars. Palmer Report.
Thanks for heads up - I follow.


Absofuckinglutely perfect!
You must end now. No matter how many times you say no collusion what we are hearing yes collusion just because you repeat constantly does not make it true. Always interfering in this investigation why. Because you are guilty. Simple. No matter how much you guys cover up. Sad
Madam,
Show one fact that leads to POTUS removal based on collusion. I’ll wait. Mueller hasn’t found one in 18 months!
I respect your opinion as I do with anyone else. You have the right to believe whatever you want. As do I. I’m looking at his comport and that says a lot to me. All because we had a Black President. Fear set in that Whites will no longer be in control. My race Human.
Trump repertoire of gaslight lies is actually quite limited, many boil down to a variation of this kindergarten-level rejoinder.
I think that's as far as his mental capacity goes.
You may know Jane Mayer is one of my favorite investigative journalists (with Carole Cadwalladr, Adam Davidson). This pre-election article about Art of the Deal ghost writer was scathing, withering indictment of Trump, but alas, not enough paid attention.
Thanks. Knew about the ghost-writer all along. Don't think Trump is eloquent enough or has the range of vocabulary to write a novel/book.
No doubt.


ok so these people in high places that still lie and say their is evidence of collusion should be arrest for sedition & slander. this is our President they are trying to remove with lies!!! where the hell is sessions???
There is now prof that says otherwise. Your brother will be convicted of colluding with a Russian spy to interfere in a USA presidential election. Of course your daddy will pardon him. But... he can’t pardon the money laundering crimes you all committed in NY State!
Trump for a long time was way past the point he could keep his myriad, protean lies straight - like a performer with too many plates in the air.
What about #ObstructionOfJustice ?  Did they say anything about that????
"Serial Killer" Miller getting his mind right for @jaketapper interview.
End the #MuellerInvestigation and you will most definitely be a one term @POTUS, at most.
A highly partisan, incomplete, and deeply flawed report by a broken House Committee means nothing. The Special Counsel’s work is being carried out by professional investigators—not political staffers. SC’s findings will be comprehensive & authoritative. Stay tuned, Mr. Trump.... …
We will have our answer to these allegations soon enough. I am not a Trump fan but I hope the man is innocent. If not, given how he has vehemently called everyone liars, he should be convicted and hung from a sour apple tree.
You & the repubics are lying, spanky don. This is just a failed attempt to distract us from the fact that don jr met with an admitted Russian spy to attack our election. The distraction didn’t work. The tRump/RU collusion investigation continues. You’re in deep  and u know it.
.@realDonaldTrump is Putin's Puppet! Just like Hillary said he was! Stop denying the truth and tell the truth for once in your freaking life! We know you conspired and colluded with Russia to hack the election in your favor! It's very obvious to anyone who has a REAL brain!
BWAHAHAHAHA!!! Who in their right mind would believe this BS. Oh, the less intelligent one, of course!!!
House Intelligence Committee: you can't find evidence of collusion if you don't look for it

I love it when you talk out of one side of your mouth chief. Yes the committee said no collusion the way a child says he did not do poo poo in his pants but you can't look.

@jedshug has awesome Slate archive. Recommend to your attention outstanding legal acumen/erudtion, & critically important ability to render complexities of MORONGATE, WILDERNESS OF FREDOS simple with prose marked by crystalline lucidity & intelligibility.
Oh you’re talking about that Republican charade led by Nunes again? We know the difference between investigation and propaganda.
Mr. President, to conclude there is “no evidence” of collusion, you must ignore Russia’s extensive efforts to help your campaign, the litany of communications between Russia & your campaign, & the massive effort to conceal these contacts. Here’s the truth: https://bit.ly/2r77gxB  …
Bet your arms are folded, right Spanky, that's your tell.
A president who demands a warped concept of loyalty and has only disdain for the rule of the law #TrumpRussiaconspiracy #TrumpRussia #GOPTrumpRussiacoverUp

Let me fix it for you: House Intelligence Committee of REPUBLICANS found no evidence.
And House intelligence committee DEMOCRATS have found no evidence either.
Says who?
Have the Democrats produced any real evidence? No they have not YOU LOSE.
Answer the question. Says who?
Show me the evidence.
You said dems have no evidence. Where’s your proof.
Ah my proof let's seee..... What could my proof be??? oh yeah THEY HAVE PRESENT NO REAL EVIDIENCE
Russian Gothic


Thank you Mr.Dugan, Flagstaff, AZ. @AZNationalGuard  When you mentioned the dates for Fast and Furious,  @EricHolder @GeraldoRivera  that is when we put it all together. @DNC  http://vote.org . #Custer, #Patreus.
Get all overlays on a map of Arizona. GPS Fusion, check #China and trade of Copper and Phosphorus materials. We need all international trade for the State of Arizona.   GPS Fusion is the joint military data. Not @HillaryClinton or @DNC.



Great point Joyce.
Hahahahahahahahaha
Get down to business
#FirePruitt 
#TrumpRussia 
#MuellerTime 
#StormyDaniels on hold while #CohenFlips 
#JrColluded 
#RemoveKushner 
#FireZinke
This scandal has everything. Money Laundering - Treason and P . eww. #TrumpRussiaConspiracy #AndJusticeForAll
Your own son admittedly met with Kremlin spies to get stolen goods from your opponent. The fake thing is the House GOP report.
Trump providing dancing entertainment for his journalist/political opponent murdering Russian dictator/controller pal.
If you’d ever learn to keep you mouth shut and let the investigation process be completed, it will end twice as fast! By the way, “no evidence of collusion” is not the same as “evidence of no collusion”.
Just in: an estimated ZERO percent of the members on the "investigation" committee are a part of the judiciary. 

So, totally irrelevant donnie.
We should all just be patient and let Mueller conduct his investigation. If you get cleared, great. We'll see what happens. 
Yeah we’re not dumb bro. Guilty pleas say otherwise.
Since the Republicans shut down the hearing before all testimony and evidence was received, the report is a Sham, Fake News, BS.  Nunes made sure of that for Trump.  He recused himself after the midnight run and then inserted himself back in.  #Sham  #Corruption
I'm not suggesting anyone tie you up and throw you into the Delaware River to see if you sink or float, I'm just saying that's how most witch hunts ended
Just Out: no intelligent "president" released "No Collusion" & "Witch Hunt" quotes again, while hiding from WH Correspondents Dinner because his skin is so thin, if scratched, he would bleed out! Reagan even managed 2 call in the year he was shot. We have a COWARD 4 a "POTUS"!

Notice how I haven't gone around shouting NO CHILD MOLESTATION or I DIDN'T KILL KENNEDY. So Spanky, why have you yelled NO COLLUSION nearly every day for a year ? Because seeing the day rapidly approaching when you'll be convicted of it is scaring the shit out of you, that's why.

Red/White House
Hmmmm, I read it and when you put the timeline together it seems there are many examples of collusion. In fact it makes it obvious it went on for months. And this from an committee trying to cover for you. Can’t wait until all the facts are out. Traitor!!
#RobertMueller #CourtJester #Snipehunt
So what, Spanky? No serious person takes your sychophantic bootlicking toadies on that committee seriously. Thanks though, because of that bullshit report they wrote to cover your YUGE ass, they will all be voted out ASAP.
We will all be better off when you are in jail.
Trying to keep up with all of Trump's scandals.
"If elected, Donald Trump would be a national disgrace & international pariah." - Colin Powell

The frightening part is: I wholeheartedly believe that.
Absolutely.

R no longer a party, just dead husk remnant of the now Trump-jacked Cult of Personality.

LOVE IT, ROTFLMFAO!!!!!!!!!  

The money laundering vehicle of choice for Russian 'garchs/spooks/mob.
Great article. Crazy amounts of money laundering. Russia. Mercer. And you know Trumps loans came from there. Over $360 million in those. Wow.
Trump became too hot for legit, US Banks. 

Both sons admitted Russia disproportionate amount of portfolio (later denials self-serving & lacked credibility).

@adamdavidson points out Trump not just bad, but stupid at business. Why risk hundreds of millions for tens - zero sense?
The pure hate for Trump that the Dems have for him is truly pathetic. He’s making everyone ‘s life better, with job creation, lower taxes, and  bringing about world peace. Are these things not important to Democrats? What do they want, higher taxes, unemployment and wars?
That Russian lawyer was hired by the DNC. Don't be too cheap to pay attention
Faux Fox News much deplorable?
No #Racist I actually follow all news while you're off bootlicking and pandering.
How was that racist??
Because I said so. FULL STOP
Do if someone says something opposing you they are racist? You are silly
Liberal Logic. I'm just test driving it. To see if it works as well for conservatives as I'd does for liberals. Lesson 1: call everyone who disagrees with you a racist. So far it's working 
That is because your lockstep republicans say that.  Just saying so doesn’t work.  I could say trump’s in prison, unfortunately my just saying so won’t work. I wish it did.  You are on a “collusion” course with destiny.

Dr. Ronnie Jackson laughably said 239 lbs during his inadvertant stand up routine (like virtually all by Huckleberry Goebbelsanders, Klannity, Ass-anger ButtLeaks).
Each BUTT CHEEK is 239 lbs. 

Trump going to be 400 lbs. to 500 lbs. before being indicted/impeached/imprisoned.
Please resign..we all hate you
If you did nothing wrong, and are innocent, then what's the fuss? If there's nothing to find, let the investigation continue.... So you're saying you're guilty and don't want to be caught?
TRUMP IS NOW DELIVERING HIS OWN FAKE NEWS!
It’s pretty easy to not find something you’re doing everything you can to avoid seeing. The Senate oversight committees + special investigation are serious, investigating and credible. You and House Republicans are toast.
#MinorityReport
Until Mueller says otherwise you ain't off the hook, buddy!
Liberals will never believe truth ... theyll always stir an empty pot
WE SEE YOU!
Not like your son doing illegal meetings to gain dirt on one of your enemies. What you want are sheep to follow you and thank God I’m not one of them. You’ve become a bigger joke than Bush as President. I can’t wait to see you leave office, hopefully in handcuffs.
Traitor. 

The actual investigators will investigate.
"No puppet, no puppet, YOU'RE the puppet!"
Calling the Republicans involved the House Intelligence Committee is actually an oxymoron. Nunes, who recused himself but authored it, is known to be compromised. The Senate report isn't in, the Mueller investigation should be completed. #4GuiltyPleas17Indictments5Cooperating
Who said it on what report? Oh right Nunes...the one you been manipulating? His words means nothing.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ronny-jackson-allegations-come-from-20-military-sources-jon-tester-says/ … NOBODY believes that fraudulent POS perpetrated by criminal clown nunes. THEY didn't even investigate trumpRussiaColussion, dumbass. AND thank you Jon Tester for sparing the VA from an unqualified nut. 239 lbs, 6ft3? BS. No more pruitts/carsons/devoss'.
I take it that you haven't read the minority report.
WARNING - exploding Scanners head

If HRC had won by shrieking stolen RNC emails from a hostile non-state foreign intel service like ISISLEAKS (or FDR harming political opponent by weaponizing NAZILEAKS?), this would have happened to hyperpartisan hacks Klannity & Dingalingrich.

This is the Comittee all your friends are on, is biased and Democrat participants don’t agreee with the findings....ok!
There's A Mountain Of Documents & Evidence Taller Than The TRUMP Towers That Say Otherwise...
Liar
Well, isn;t that special.  I will wait for the real intelligence experts!
Just more obstruction of Justice by your coconspirators. You are so screwed after your meltdown on @foxandfriends URINE TROUBLE!

You know the Republican leadership refused to issue supoenas for important witnesses. You know the recused Chairman worked hard to detail the committee's work. If I were you, Sir, I wouldn't Crow just yet. There's one investigator doing real work to uncover what really happened!
I don't see Hillary on the back of this steed.
The report is a hoax,  fake news. Sad
Steele's last memo - No on Mitt Romney says the Kremlin - Yes, Russia has installed a puppet in America  . #WAKE #removeTrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaconspiracy

this report is meaningless.  The next one isn't.

Buy more rubber underwear.  You're gonna need them in prison Spanky.
.@realDonaldTrump You're a code talker. Two negatives make a positive. No Collusion + No Collusion = COLLUSION!
CATCH THE LASER!

Fox news shiny object/SQUIRREL! programming.

Trump could be executed by lethal injection for espionage & treason, & lead Hannity story will be:

Does your cat make this sound - Hhkkksss Hhkkksss Hhkkksss?
It could have fur balls.
Yeah, keep squawking. If you haven’t discovered by now that your Brooklyn bullshit doesn’t work in the big show, it’s far too late now.

Donald Trump has drained the swamp and filled it up with collaborators and criminals
FAKE NEWS
Now if that ain't  collusion I don't know how those idiot Republicans aren't in Jail for conspiracy against the United State's, they better hope blue wave doesn't happen
There is one word I think your vocabulary needs to understand & practice. Patience. Spouting out like this before the investigation is completed raises concerns.  Mainly, it shows you're afraid of what they'll find
Fraudulent manipulating Bullshit artist
Sham.  Nunes obstructed for you.


END IT BIG LOUTH and you are through!  Walk lightly - you don’t own this company so we will fire you!  Devin report is a romance novel for you and it is just as much fiction!  You know there is something there and we will find it!  BOO!  Be afraid - very afraid...
You have to investigate to come to a conclusion. Sham investigation just like your sham Presidency.
One of best interviews of author Luke Harding. His Collusion still definiteive document of MORONGATE, WILDERNESS OF FREDOS. Long time Russian-based investigative journo, one of few people in world to interview James Bond-like Chris Steele (Dossier fame).
Stop wasting tax payer money!!  @realDonaldTrump end the Russia Collusion investigation!  #FireMueller #indictdemocrats
Donald, who paid 4 the research doesn't really matter. What does matter is the dossier has been 80+% independently verified. You lied about overnighting w/prostitutes in Moscow. You lied about, well, everything, and you denied Russian meddling until it became undeniable even 4 u.

Fun fact, there's waaaaay more evidence of collusion then there is that your god exists.

John @johnbrennan has words for Don.  He says his Kakistocracy is collapsing after its lamentable journey.  A better lives for those you have deceived.  #TrumpRussiaconspiracy #GOPTrumpRussiacoverup #WAKE #removeTrump
This hunt is going pretty well considering all the indictments and guilty pleas of your crew. The Nunes Fake report means nothing.
Never go full dotard.
some vivaldi with your treason (Vivaldi is a composer) #TrumpRussiaconspiracy https://vimeo.com/266443042  #GOPTrumpRussiacoverup
Thanks God finally done.This investigation can be done long time ago!I'm so glad that you are so strong person I can't believe it. Thanks for being a strong,smart leader.MAGA.
Mr. President, to conclude there is “no evidence” of collusion, you must ignore Russia’s extensive efforts to help your campaign, the litany of communications between Russia & your campaign, & the massive effort to conceal these contacts. 1)
Just two words BULL SHIT
It can end if you resign.  Maybe they will take pity on you and not criminally prosecute.  Maybe Pence and Mother will pardon you.  You know that Mother Karen is already measuring for drapes for when she gets to move into the White House. Pence is ready to stab you in the back.

Lol....u so silly.

Get ready for a set of striped pajamas,  where you're going there's no golf.....
Illuminati CLEARLY having buyer's remorse.
Everyone including you and me know the House Intelligence Committee is a joke.  These Republicans that are complicit in producing this report should all be defeated this year.
#FuckingMoron

Want it to end now before all is out in the open.Your GOP stooges don’t know anything except to cover for you!!!!!!?
Interesting how the house intelligence committee didn’t interview any of those members of your campaign and administration staff that have been indicted, most of which have plead guilty. #FakePresident #LiarInChief #IdiotInCharge #SwampInGOPClothing

Get some new material.
What is up with your continuous "no collusion" rant? This wasn't even a word last year. You must be guilty as F.
Too many "witches " are turning in their brooms. 
David Dennison's days are numbered. 
Or is it John Barron?

Who are you?

END THE INVESTIGATION AND IMPRISON THE INVESTIGATORS, CROOKS, ET AL.
