Tell them not to bother.  You’re a short term prez.  Resign.
Ah, does he not remember how republicans blocked Omama's nominations?
Obama’s lol
You havent even nominated all!
Senate rules are unworkable.
Wsit until after midterms. You won't get approval.for anything
Dude, you are truly interesting.  Amazing how you constantly blame Dems when Rs are in charge. Try nominating someone not beholding to Russia as you clearly are and someone that is willing to govern for the entire country and not just corporate elites. You would be AMAZED & WIN.
You’ve been President for over a year and haven’t named many of the people needed- don’t blame dems, take responsibility
Incompetence at it's best.
Meanwhile, you're tweeting from Florida.
Mueller likes tennis.........
I hear Mueller prefers to stay in and play a nice long game of Mousetrap.
Lol

you still golfing?

It’s a shame to watch elected Democrats abandon those they represent!
Thank god we have a president that understands he works for the American people, not globalists!
He only is in it for himself. He'll throw his own children under the bus without a second thought if it will help him stay out of jail one day more. 
...Hopefully the Senate will leave Washington so Spanky's Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington suck are not approved. Thank God, The Democrats are Obstructing the process, because we don't need these racist approved for the good of our Country!
One word: Garland.
You leave weekly blowing millions of taxpayers money into your properties.
In the end I hope the American people hand you a bill for all you've robbed from us.
But more likely we'll be paying for room & board for you your family and many of your crony collaborators in prison.
They don’t have a track record of working hard, for the people or getting things done. 

They need to be voted out!
I’m so glad people agree.  The sooner potus is out of office the better off our country will be. #IMPEACH
So all this corruption for the last 50 years and that is what you get out of it? Must be some kind of stupid.
Two words : Merrick Garland.
You need to resign for the good of the country
Good thing Republicans never did this to Obama, huh?
But he beat Hillary. 
Here's an idea.  How about you make a deal with them?  You're the big dealmaker, right?  Let's say they stay in Washington and you #ResignNow
Why is it you leave Washington so often? I remember you saying you’d NEVER leave because you’d have so much work to do. Interesting.....
He's off to Florida again. At a huge (or should that be Yooooge) cost to your tax payers 
He can do what he wants.  Does not take a salary and at least it is not to Hawaii.  Michele and kids took extensive vacations overseas almost every year.
This “no salary” thing is such a joke.  His salary is $400k per year.  He makes sure he profits by millions of dollars by making us pay for stays by the secret service, foreign diplomats, etc at his properties and then brags about foregoing his salary.  He’s a con man.
So did every other president. None of them had homes in Florida so he is allowed to go home at times
Trumps home is in New York
Yeah, about that.  I live in Jersey, but I'm in NYC often.  NYC doesn't want him back...not even a little bit.  Maybe he could retire in prison...I hear they have TV and crap food.  He'd like that.
You are a crook. Your cabinet is full of crooks. The democrats recognize your appointees are crooks too.
The only person that's Obstructing shit is You and Your party of thieves led by Turtleboy @SenateMajLdr and Jr. Shitgibbon Nunes and Your Prince of propaganda @seanhannity
Comey
America loves you donald

You must be doing something really well !..... for so many people who want to stop you !!!... not good ! .....Jealousy and envy another two sins , our Lord doesn’t like !!..... leave our president alone !!
Stop just fucking Stop!
#whineylittlebitch
#Resist #Impeach #GunControlNow #NeverAgain #votethemout #MarchForOurLives #LockHimUp #FuckfaceVanClownstick
Speaking of OBSTRUCTING.....


Shut up, you fucking idiot.
lol..  as the saying goes..you have the right to remain quiet sir.. but not the intelligence
You spend more time out of Washington DC then anyone
When he drains the swamp then it will be a safe place to be
Liar
You’re afraid to set foot in DC so why should they have to stay? Your nominees are dangerously unqualified and you are a lame  @WSJ  @washingtonpost @vicenews @nytimes @tedlieu @KamalaHarris @NPR @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @BBCWorld
so do something about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
You’re gonna go to jail, bro.
The Democrats they are obstructionist and never did anything about the situation in south n central America  all these years these people are exploited  by their these governments of European decedent's shame we have to push them to clean their corruption
Did you select a drunk to be secretary of the va?
Trump just go AWAY!
We need The Moron Elect Out of the WH for the good of our Great country.....
DNC should be investigated and banned for offering people criminal Hillary as presidential candidate. Shame on all democrats for almost voting her in office.
You think it's tough now? Wait until next year after the GOP loses the majority in both houses.
# Is Broke Not From ,SS, Welfare, Medicare,or Even Medicaid, But From Non Using These Benefits Spending Our Children’s Future On Noncitizen’s & The Rest Of The Worlds Nonsense The Truth We Aren’t  In Debt Because Of Citizens
Want To Fix  Put Technical  Classes Back In Our High Schools, ADHD~Giving Our  Pharmaceutical Meth,  Feeding Our Children GMO’s”Poisoning” Our  Bill Gates Vaccines, Common Core Before They Finish Implementing The Rest Of What’s In It(Read It)
Best President ever!!!  :)
Great Father.

Great Husband.

BEST @POTUS
That's hilarious!!!
You're just jealous cause u can't f**k a porn star.
Who’d want to? You like HPV I guess
I don't.
....what you finally found enough people to appoint? Errrrm no. And as the GOP controls both houses exactly how are the Dems obstructing the process? Just maybe YOU should own your FAIL.
The dems in the senate filibuster everything. Need 60 votes to even get something to the floor to debate.
Trump still has not nominated over 200+ for critical positions...confirmations of appointees go through the appropriate committees for confirmation. They can also be brought to the floor by the Leader of the Senate for a vote...so there you go.
Besides Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, can invoke cloture, which is the process for ending a filibuster.
Numbers 6:24-25
“The #Lord bless you and keep you; The #Lord make His #face shine upon you, And be gracious to you;
#GOD is with us #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
Is Blessed  When WePut Yawh At The For Front In Every Aspect Of  To Our Lord Thy God Jesus That He Will Go To Thy Father On Our Behalf’s To Bring Justice,Truth,& Moral Reform In  All Of  For Our Children’s  Future Amen
We need you to be impeached for the good of the country. You're nuts.

Congress should be shut down until Mueller is done.
45 is an obstruction to our Democratic way of life!
The democrats need to get out of the program. They just look for anything to foscus on because thier gal didn't win the election. People didn't get our to vote for her. Because it was easier not to vote at all . Then vote for her
If you want what's good for the country, resign.
So many snowflakes...please move to Mexico where you can all be happy
Don't count on it. If there's one thing they love, that is RECESS. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  They're not used to all this WORK.
You are obstructing progress on every level.  Quit pointing fingers and lead by example.
The same people who claims you are not doing anything blocking just to make their lies seem right. We Know you are doing great! Keep pushing and Lock Up Thoses Swamp Rats! God Bless the President Trump!
Mr. President we are being invaded bring the military from Syria we have to deal with our foundation of the Americas or our whole house is going to come down. ( we only made love to America from the bellybutton up. Force those countries to clean up their act
To busy protecting Uranium Bobby Mueller, and lying on people like Ronnie
I must’ve missed you being in the White House more than 3 days without my tax dollars funding your horrible golf games
Dummy
I know you are but what am I
You are three
Our model has classified @EddieEl40137902 to exhibit patterns conducive to a political bot or highly moderated account tweeting political propaganda.
Hi

Lie.
Is this list a lie too:
Yes.
No
So you are the only one that can take extra vacation days?  And play golf on my tax dollars?  Really?  You realize you are on pace to play more golf in less than 4 years than Obama did in 8 years.  You owe him an apology.  You promised not to golf, again with another lie
And Clintons owe us to go to jail for obstruction of justice and these murders:
Let's talk specifically, what piece is false in this list of 47 dead people ? Are  they still alive ? Were they not connected to Hillary Clinton ?
Maybe you should have nominated them sooner, many positions were nominated in April many others since the first of year. This is on You.
Democrats are not the problem.  It is the fact that you are appointing judges who have never even been in a xourtroom and are shown to not even be a decent attorney.  You also are not vetting anyone.  That should be done bybyou prior to their hearings.
You staying too?
But in my humble opinion....the Dems aren’t interested in helping America....they just don’t want to help our President!!  Time to vote them OUT!!!!!
Sad day...the day you stole the office of President
45*, let's do the simple math. GOP controls the Senate. Most nominations just need a simple majority. Hence, the GOP is "slow walking" your nominations. Comprende? #IdiotInChief
Hang in there Mr. President.  You are making a very positive difference but the path to a drained swamp is full of potholes and hidden obstacles.  God bless you and those loyal to you and to America.
#The Demand A Full Complete Audit Of Everything  Tax Payers Pay For (Including Our Debt), That’s Not Used On / 4  Tax Payers ~ Citizens Of America Time To Break The Of  Governmental Corruption & Treasonous Acts Against 
If you wouldn't  continue to nominate criminals, sex fiends, and plain STUPID people, perhaps they would be approved.
I hope they give your nominees the same thoughtful consideration our public servants gave Merrick Garland.
Yes, let's act like school children instead of getting on with our country's business... Trump and his nominees had nothing to do with Garland.  You're part of the problem!
Perhaps if you ever nominated a qualified person, or may one who at least recognizes science and isn’t a homophobic racist. Just tossing@out a few suggestions.
The good of the country will be when you are ousted in 2020 or BEFORE!!!!!
Nikki trump ain't leaving office until Jan 19,2025
Dear Mr. President,
Can you use recess appointments to clear the docket? Imagine the headlines to be the first President to appoint more than 200 personnel to Government positions with a very simple explanation that you're getting the work done. No true American would object!
That’s called a dictatorship. Like the replies to Trump’s tweets, the vast majority of Americans are against Trump and want him to go away! #Resistance #BlueTsunami2018
You are extremely deceived if you believe that. Keep watching CNN. You are being left behind and are becoming more and more irrelevant the longer you all hold on to the Trump-hating narrative. You’re eating right out of their hands. Wake up already. Sheesh.
I don’t watch CNN. Or Fox. Or MSNBC. I read. A lot. From many different sources. If you don’t know that Trump is the most disliked person to ever reside in the WH then I suggest you stop watching Fox & think for yourself. Trump & his Swamp Creature cabinet r trying to destroy USA
There is a very good chance that the Democratic Party will be extinct within the next 10 years. I have been hoping for this to happen forever!
I'm just going to start stringing all the capital letters from all the tweets together to see if they spell out a secret message.
Why don't you better look at all words with capital letters in this list:
You do know that Trump is not a Christian? He does not look out for the poor, the sick or the marginalised.
And criminal Clinton family together with domestic terrorist organization DNC does by persistently violating laws and peace ?
You are so deluded, right wing and ridiculous that you believe anything the Fake right wing media tell you. The Clintons are not criminals! But I think you’ll find that monster Trump is
Let's talk specifically, what piece is false in this list of 47 dead people ? Are  they still alive ?
@emeraldfurlong if you refuse to have a specific conversation about criminals then you knowingly support their crimes, with all the consequences for you.
I am sorry, but you sound as certifiable as your POTUS. Impeachment or enforced retirement is around the corner.
Senate does not give a real damn about US Citizens. They have their permanent income for life. What about the over 300 bills sent to them by the congress ?
It's because omnibus bill keeps them unaccountable to public. Each senator vote needs to be exposed to public voting for specific small laws.
Stop the Democrats from leaving until they get the job done! Stop their pay until they do their job! That's what we have to do in the real world! So should they! Signed Mad!
...Hopefully the  will leave and never come back!!!  The Republicans are Obstructing the Department of Justice and We The People deserve 
Could be much worse... *cough* Merrick Garland *cough*
God forbid anything happens as a result of their irresponsibility.If something does happen they need to be held accountable.They are not self employed.They are public servants that are intentionally avoiding doing what We the People employ and pay them to do!Unacceptable!
You mean your on good! YOU CROOK!
The Dems can’t have their cake and eat it too! They can’t just say well we don’t want to work with this person so we r just going to do nothing! It’s every administration, every time! Drain the swamp! Thank u Mr President!
How old are you? You look like Trump is 2nd president in your lifetime lol. Also, republicans hold house and Senate so... what's the issue?
In this case, obstruction is good for the country.  Reap what ya sew.
Putin is obviously working with the Democrats to obstruct and bring our government to it's knees.  Putin can't do this by himself.  Our Senate is a mess... 1/3 for power and monetary gain, 1/3 screwing around, and 1/3 for the good of the people.  Of course they will adjourn.
Why?  You leave every weekend. You only care about golf.

Jesus Christ. What's with all the bible verse comments?
You haven’t even nominated people for most vacant posts. You have had those you have appointed drive people out of the State Department,  the EPA, and the Intelligence community. The top posts are occupied by corrupt and incompetent fools. #Slowwalking to Save our Nation.
Gorsuch ring any bells? THAT was obstruction.
Let's wait till after the MID-TERMS..what's the hurry....?? (Doesn't feel good huh?)#LameDuckTrump
How about YOU stay in Washington?
Kind of like when McConnell blocked Obama’s Suprem Court pick. So wrong!
Yes Sir!
MAGA!
Hahahaha
The only thing that will help our standing abroad is your resignation. Take Pence with you.
You do understand almost no one believes you, right? RIGHT??
Wrong!!  A poll showed that even some Liberals are turning Republican because of all the corruption on the Democrat side.
There's only a handful of people who don't like Trump. The polls show that the majority likes and believes him.  TRUMP 2020
That's because you don't nominate capable people that do not have a shady background.

So blind, misled and ignorant.
How refreshing would that be if the Senate actually cleaned up their docket as opposed to normal routine of putting it off to take yet another vacay.Even more amazing if they worked on repeal& replacing Obama Care.
Even more amazing if you did some research and discovered that replacing/fixing the ACA isn't happening due to that man-child's ineptitude
Piece of dog poo.
We know! We’re all praying for you and our country!
Donald Trump the king of obstruction. Holy shit
How about the State department. No secretaries or clerical staff. Didn’t bother you then!
CONMAN THUG REED HASTINGS, JAY HOAG & GOLDMAN SACHS GANG MORE POWERFUL THAN TRUMP. NETFLIX FRAUD LOOT RECORD approaching $100B with proven crime since July 2011 & unstoppable by Trump Gang too, WHY?
WOW now all proofs  claimed by NETFLIX WHISTLE BLOWER "Ken Sandhu" who got destroyed by proven High Treason criminal Fraud OBAMA  "Deep State Gang" at DOJ/FBI/SEC/FINRA/White House, Cross Ventures,Goldman Sachs are revealed by these news development:

Crooked donald.....tch tch tch.....
Democrats are gonna start a civil war
Mitch McConnell do your job. Get rid of the filibuster. The Dems  will do it when they get into control anyway. We need to get President Trump‘s agenda past! Maga
승인할때까지는 절대로 떠나지마~!!
أكتب عربي سيادة الرئيس
Try leading by example, if you really cared, you would vow to stay in Washington until they are approved. You would have to give up promoting  your FL country club's for a while, or is that a actual red line you won't cross.
Quit blaming others when it is you who is responsible.  Remember it is you who is in the drivers seat.
McConnell is a disgrace.  He could change the rules, make these idiots stay on the job and approve these people or not get vacation.  I see nothing but corrupt congress/FBI/CIA/DOJ working to impeach.  Rank and file dirty too.
Hopefully your heart stops in your sleep.
We need you to resign for the good of our country!
Yes you're right, we need more people in office that create terrorist groups, delete emails, allow Russia to control our uranium, and alienate our allies.
Stop lying POS. 1) U haven’t nominated most positions & the candidates U choose suck 2) GOP have the majority so talk to them. Even if Democrats all vote no, some GOP members vote no too and that all in total is why nothing is happening. Please learn how govt runs embarrassing us
And you're back on the golf course today. How, exactly, is THAT for the good of our country?
All you have to do is quit.
They will never be happy until President Trump is removed from office. And even then they won’t be happy! #LiberalHypocrisy #MAGA #Confirm
Seriously? The partying and rejoicing will be great and wondrous when this pathological liar is out of office

Hopefully. They are only afraid of the good that will come out of your actions and decisions, they are afraid of your second term in office. But in God's name nothing can stop that from happening.

The true American people are watching.
Nope.
No one cares about what you have to say.
WE THE PEOPLE ARE SICK OF THE SENATORS PLAYING GAMES WITH OUR LIVES. AND DELAYING CONFORMATIONS, TO MAKE OUR COUNTRY RUN INEFFICIENTLY. SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!!!  YOU ARE GOING TO BE THE CAUSE OF A REVOLUTION, IF YOU DON’T SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!!!
Don't let the democrats DICTATE.
Give US The Presidents Cabinet .This Is obstruction.
#SpankyTheFailure stop blaming the Dems for YOUR failures! Did you finish fixing Puerto Rico yet? Why haven't you?! They are Americans too! YOU said America 1st! Well prove it! Go fix Puerto Rico!
You can blame the Democrats, but your Party controls all three branches of government! Here's an idea......nominate honest, fair minded, qualified candidates. That would definitely speed up the process!
Right. Like you give a rat’s ass about the “good of our country.” More like the “good of our corporations and billionaires.”
So you are telling us that you are ineffective unable to govern, Resign.
Democrats are deliberately destroying the country!
Well Trump needs to fire Jeff Sessions and bring in someone who will lock her up! #FireSessionsNow
Sessions seems to be clogging up the draining of swamp/deep state despite the overwhelming evidence of criminality by DC officials. Very disappointed...
Democrats oppose any and everything until this orange toad puts sanctions on Russia and sort out dreamers. If not tell the moron to go to hell,which maybe unknown to him is exactly where he is going.
Perhaps if you were in the WH instead running off to Florida to steal now over 65 million dollars of our tax money to put in your own pocket.
Where are you Trump while PR is in the dark and kids in Flint still don’t have clean water?  Oh, right, you are in Mar a Lago. Getting ready to golf.
He is the same place obuma was for eight years snowflake.
Hey, remember that time you got to fill a seat on the Supreme Court because Republicans obstructed Obama’s pick? It sucks, doesn’t it?
Why are you laying? Your candidates are crooks and mobster that’s is why you have problems! Not only with Democrats!  Ask Your Boss PUTIN
WE  NEED more CONSERVATIVE Federal Judges to undo the damage of the lib 9th Circuit Court.
Senate, do your job!!!!
DemonRats will NEVER make things easy for you, Sir. And it sucks. But...
@KellyannePolls Make them work!!! You are !!! Why aren’t they?
What the tell you care about ambassadors for, you've proven you'll toss am under the bus in a heartbeat.
Appoint good people and Dems wouldn’t have a problem
You've been slow on nominating people - so don't blame the Dems.
Rand Paul isn't a Democrat, idiot.
You keep a using the work obstructing like you know what it means.
Pubs are in the majority- what’s the problem Donnie?
So. Babies  r  now in congress. Really
If someone sent them qualified candidates that don’t work for Faux News or the always reliable National Enquirer they’d have no problems approving. Elvis is alive!!
Nah, you’ll probably leave Washington before they do, and they can help with that. #ImpeachTrumpNow
You have the majority,DEMS dont!!!!
oh go golf the nation is safer with you at mar scum go

Why do they even allow this JESTER to speak?
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington they enact the 25th Amendment.
Oh another break, another vacation for Trump and another for congress and senate, while others are leaving congress and senate for good, nothing gets done
live in poverty, drug and violence crises, national debts, no religion freedom!  Perhaps Good Christians must buy a TV network to do the broadcasting.  So many, many people do wrong because they don't....
No one needs you or any of your people destroying democracy and an entire Country
Maybe if you could get off the golf coarse maybe work could get done.
Like REPUBLICANS obstructed everything during Obama's tenure? Yup! So shut up buttercup!
Mitch doesn’t want to work on your behalf!  The Democrats and RINOS intentionally stonewall your agenda at the expense of our great country.  God bless you for enduring this blatant resistance.

This may be the most intelligent response I have ever received from a libtard, thanks!
You have received the most disrespectful treatment in the US history. All my friends and converted libfriends support you now and in 2020 God Bless
Good god - are Fox News commercials this long?
Too bad Al Capone is dead. He would have been a great team member
Heaven forbid anything would stop Congress' leaving D.C...time for another break...hard to get things DONE when you only work abt 1/2 a year
#PartTimeWorkForFulltimePay
they will stay in washington, when you start staying in washington, instead of florida
To the glory of God please protect our president of the United States of America let him understand your will and your ways guide him in the way you want him 2 please protect him from his enemies put the best armor on him protect him and his family from any harm to the gloryWWJD!
Jesus, wouldn't have hired him. Repentance means you turn 180 degrees from your sins. Trump still womanizing, stealing, (Cohen), still a bigot, not signs of Christ filled life. You will know by fruit
