It would actually be a good pardon, I know all about Jack Johnson and he was treated terribly unfairly, they did everything they could do to get rid of him. The "Mann act" was basically created just to get rid of him. they charged him with it as soon as it was enacted
I'm actually shocked Obama didn't do it, shows how little he actually cared about black history
For those who don't know, Trump was a huge figure in the boxing world. I used to go to fights in Atlantic city all the time that he hosted at Trump plaza, often promoted by Don King. He made Atlantic City a hot spot again, temporarily
And when the UFC was starting out and banned from states and arenas, Trump welcomed them and literally helped the sport of MMA come to fruition 
To top it off, the fights were being held in the casino that he money laundered for the Russian mafia. So he was just acting a mob boss not a martial artist fanatic. He’s only about publicity not what is actually right. https://www.fincen.gov/news/news-releases/fincen-fines-trump-taj-mahal-casino-resort-10-million-significant-and-long …. 
Comey right about mob boss statues
https://www.fincen.gov/news/news-releases/fincen-fines-trump-taj-mahal-casino-resort-10-million-significant-and-long …
Just shows a steady connection over the years. 
If one sells drugs 26 years ago, then one gets caught again selling drugs. Police usually identify that as (A MO) it’s a set pattern. detectives know what I’m saying.
Many Hollywood celebrities LOVE President Trump but don’t want the hateful liberal mob to shun them... Liberals are the real fascists!
Just cover shipping and we’ll send you a #MAGA hat... don’t let the vile left silence you!

click here now: https://bit.ly/2Cg0sG5 
I'm getting. One just so. My dog can shit on it
What a hateful little person you are....with a an equally small mind. Sad!

I am an African woman with a mind of my own. And you can't change that. I prayed he would be POTUS. Now let's #MAGA.

Do yourself a favour and focus on H.E Trump's successes. Have you for instance read any one of his books before he became POTUS. Well, l did, and it changed the course of my life. Brother, it is said "You can make MONEY or EXCUSES-sadly you can't make both. Get inspired
Cheers America 
And this is the calm before the storm Liberals BEWARE!!


Lol that makes you feel good? I think it proves you are hypocritical of the American system
When you are publicly contemplating the prospect of your own attorney becoming a government witness against you in a criminal investigation, it’s no longer a matter of “if” you are going to prison. It’s about “when” and for how long.  #LOSING
The American People Love & Respect Our President, First Lady & Administration 
Not this American, Vinny. Aside from every other lie Trump told on the campaign, how do you explain how often he goes golfing after promising he'd never want to leave the WH because he'd be too busy working? Explain #ExecutiveTime to me. Do you see what's happening?
Yes.  We all see that President Trump has accomplished a lot of his promises inspite of the obstructionist Democrats and RINO’s!  Get out of his way and the deficit of $10 Trillion that was created during the 8 years of Obama will be gone!
How are Democrats obstructionist when the Republicans hold the presidency and majorities in both houses? I thought Trump was the great deal maker? Maybe his deals are actually anti-American, just as his boss wanted.
It takes 60 votes in the Senate to get most things thru them!  Republicans only hold 51 seats thus they need at least 9 Democrat votes.
And I f the representatives felt what he was doing was in the interest of the people they would vote in favour... simple.
Would someone please ask Ricky Schroeder to text Trump about Puerto Rico?
Houston and New Orleans have their own governments too.

But along with its own govt, Puerto Rico has 3.5 million American citizens. So I'd like to start there.
Yeah. The US Govt is their govt. They're Americans and they're dying and you're trying to parse your way into justifying letting them. Its truly shameful. Unpatriotic, dishonest and idiotic... But above all shameful.
In the dark?  In the muck?
Does your mind exist exclusively in terms of the entertainment world?
This guy is supposed to be the President of the United States, and he’s tweeting about Rocky.
You're the Rambo of Presidents.
Anlat sen seversin yalanı
OMG, wtf? You’re seriously insane.
Wow. So Sylvester Stallone cancelled kodc?

If you knew anything about jack Johnson- you’d know he’d never WANT a pardon from a  racist asshole  like you .
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!
Give up John your arguments and fighting style is like ... this
How does he have time to tweet 
Just keep sending messages to your associates how to testify!
I am sure #Mueller won't notice.
I almost envy Mueller.  Reading Trump's tweets must be like getting Christmas presents every day.  I don't know about Giuliani, but the lawyer Trump really needs is anyone who can just persuade him to STFU!
From jail.
Wrong answer
From federal prison.
Gitmo is only needed for tyrants who want to jail people without having to deal with those pesky civil rights guaranteed by the US Constitution.
Are you hoping someone will pardon you in the not too distant future?
I thought full pardons were reserved only for those criminals linked to you?
Wow what about  all the  criminals  Obama pardoned. Guess that was  ok.
Tonna, someone needs to remind you that Obama is not the President now.  If all you have is "but what about what Obama did" or "but what about Hillary" ... then you have a problem.
I love that your profile pic says "Jesus" and your first words were "You are an idiot"  How very Christ-like of you.  I have one word for you: Russia.  Obama never had 5 members of his own team plead guilty to treasonous behavior with Russia.  That's Trump's bag.  God bless.
Yes, I am a Christian.... I am not perfect, but I have my Savior Jesus Christ who died on the cross and rose the 3rd day, that forgives me for my imperfections. Do you have that reassurance...That you will go to Heaven?  If so, you need to re-evaluate who you support politically.
I won't support a guy who grabs women by the genitals, cheated on 3 wives, bankrupt 4 companies, & lies on a daily basis. Mark 10:25 "Jesus said to them It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God." Trump
You did not answer my question.... Are you going to heaven?
Sly Stallone and DT are two American heroes. Love you both. @TheSlyStallone
@Stonekettle
@Goss30Goss
@amvetsupport
@Grizz87636991
@cwebbonline
@MilitaryEarth
@GSeabhac
@TheSlyStallone
Why not Pardon Vets in Prison for Life for Growing their own Marijuana for Pain Relief? While they are still alive? Jack Johnson has been dead for years & years??
trump knows nothing of veterans handling the pain they have because he is a coward who ran away from that experience. Now he does nothing except give platitudes and take photo ops
You really stirred up the troll hornet's nest with this one.
Could care less, right?  Truth is the truth. trumpnis a spineless coward who uses vets and does nothing to help them. I just have most of the trolls blocked
I wouldn't say it's just Trump. For a long time Vets have not been given proper treatment for countless generations of presidents, in recent memory at least.
The difference is not one of those former presidents campaigned on the backs of vets each and every day of the election. None of them said they would fix it starting day one. None of them promised money to veterans and  didn’t pay it. He is despicable
Can’t wait for Michael Cohen to flip like a gymnast on you. The orange pile of shit is probably stacked higher than any of us realize.

Very cool. Do it!!
Nice story. Are you doing that for @jaredkushner @IvankaTrump @PaulManafort #JohnBarron and #JohnMiller @JamesComeyFBI . Will #MuellerIsComing do that for you? Give you clemency? Did you give that to all the #pussygrabbing women you grabbed #metoo?
This surprises NOBODY. You are guilty and it's what you perceive to be your only way out.  It won't work, but good luck in your attempt to obliterate the rule of law in the USA.
Give him the pardon Mr.President. The presidents before you pardoned people with worse cases than him.
Watch it out but he is age even u. Wreaths ??????
Wreastle
I am sure he beat u mr thump

Probably not. He is too ignorant.
Who?
Jack, Trump or Obama
Pardon who?
Why?  Leave him at Trump Tower
We are so proud that you are our President! Keep up the great work!

Interesting. Those of us with sense said the same thing about Clinton lol.
Except she was cleared of wrong doing
Not quite yet.

FBI launches new Clinton Foundation investigation
Okay gimme a shout when there’s any indictments
And you do the same when theres any against Trump. 
I will don’t worry
Here is the story of Jack Johnson’s false arrest and the attempts to pardon him posthumously.
Did you. Really just use wikipedia??
Stallone?  He's done
Pardon Manafort and everyone else but please president Trump lock up Mueller, and Comey, and every single one of these God damn journalists!!!  Enough is enough!!!


Not written by Trump. 
You are done here and the whole world cannot wait for your impeachment party!! Everyone is turning against you because you are a crook and dishonest "human" being. I don't remember this chaos in any other administration. Wake up and #RESIGN
I think you just about covered everything. Great job!

Dream on
He always gives away everything in public, repeating his crimes boldly, daring us weekly morons to do something about it. It's his way of asserting his privilege to be above the law.
Did he also give advice on how to run the country hahaha #Impeach45
Oh yea? You and stallone hashed it out did yas?

This Is The Day Which The Lord Hath Made,We Will Rejoice And Be Glad In It. Psalm 118:24 
Big doings today
Do it Mr. President. AND then look at some people who are incarcerated and alive, with compelling stories that are not totally different from Mr. Johnson's story. And pardon them too.
Yeah what about the Central Park Five.
Except he can't. State not a federal prosecution. Instead at the time he took out a full page ad to convict those kids.
You truly are a moron. Sending a message to Cohen? This is ridiculous but then again you are responsible for a lot of ridiculous things
Beginning with his hair.

How did we as a nation look at him with THAT hair & think, "Yes, he looks like he's capable of making good decisions!"? 

His hair ALONE should've prevented him from becoming president.

Don't get me started on everything else wrong with him...
Absolutely the best president ever.
Have to be fricking kidding. Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln, Teddy, FDR, Eisenhower, Kennedy and you say this  ass hat is the best? What the he’ll drugs are you on?
The only fair way to judge presidents across varying time periods is by how many liberal tears they produced.

truth out. It's all out there don.  #TrumpRussia 
Thank you for this post  I feel I have no voice and have to depend on high profile leaders like you to speak up for us.
your voice matters
I know That my voice should matter, however, the voice of reasonableness has somehow disappeared from our collective American dialogue.
Oddly capitalized "Full Pardon" notwithstanding, there's no way Cheeto Pigfucking Shitgibbon actually wrote this tweet himself. It's much too coherent, and both the vocabulary and the syntax are way beyond babyhands' capabilities.
But the grammatical errors? Gotta go with Sarah Sanders for $100, Alex. Or ConMan Conway.
By all means keep us apprised of your deliberations on this sensitive matter.  Tread carefully. It was only 50 years ago the supreme court declare anti-miscegenation unconstitutional.
Oh, and I am impressed you have big stars like Stallone prostrating themselves to your power & authority. Rule wisely.
Name dropping? No one cares if you know Stallone or pardon Jack Johnson. Why waste time tweeting this crap? Go to DC and do your damn job!
I agree. That story absolutely had me crying for a full day after watching the documentary. Let these men walk free.
I've went on every site I could find, signed every petition & retweeted every post. I wish they would bring those ranchers home. Just a group of hard-working men trying to provide for their families & you gonna shoot them cold. Broke my heart.
I pray so. That man needs to be returned to his family. They both do but especially the older one. The family of LaVoy deserves compensation as well though they will never see a penny. She's left to raise all of her children alone. Just sad all the way around.
Pardoning dead minorities while marginalizing, insulting and devaluing living ones?
The blue wave, I figured you out a long time ago. Ur only book smart, lacking any true knowledge or instincts. A follow, not a leader, and you believe what ever your fed, kinda like a dog, but a loyal one at that. Let me throw you a little nugget, no blue wave coming
The best part is, I bet you voted for Hillary and actually thought she would win, but because of your lack of knowledge or instincts, u lost and are left crying in San Francisco with a bunch of fleece sweaters but summers coming  any u have nothing else to wear
Ur party is crashing down before your very eyes by the biggest corruption scandal ever, and u can’t see that either because u can’t read that in a book
You get crushed when I really challenge, but because ur soft. Come back tomorrow when you gather your books together
You couldn’t challenge a fat kid to a pie eating contest. I know more about your party than you do. You aren’t even a real Republican........lol.
I’m fat so yes I CAN 
Good night my friend from the left, let’s let trump sleep for the night
@EdKrassen YEP

I couldnt care less.  This country's been running on its own since Reagan.
Who cares. Do your job and get off the damn golf course you lazy cretin.
Stallone and trump on the phone = two old, vain, sexist men talking 
Both with extensive plastic surgery. Ew.
yup. any more face lifts for stallone and he will have his dick as a tongue.
OMG I read this while eating lunch and just about spit out my food. LOL. True though!
He’s Trying to 
normalize pardons, 
by actually pardoning a deserving man. 
Pardoning family, staff & cabinet for their crimes to get him elected 
is NOT The act 
of an innocent man.
I’m betting ‘Stallone called me’ actually means ‘Rambo was on Netflix in the other room.’  Any takers?  #TrumpRussia #TrumpLies
Is this a dream or does the president just say he is gonna do what drug addict sylvester stallone told em to do. Focus on TRUCKING MISTER PRESIDENT WE ARE ABOUT TO STOP DRIVING WE NEED YOUR SUPPORT #FARMERS #TRUCKING #ELDORME #SMALLBUSINESS HELP US UNITE AGAINS STUPID REGULATIONS
Look! Your wife ADORES Obama! When is the last time she smiled at you like that??
Teri, I’m going with NEVER.  She has NEVER smiled at him like that.
Yeah, that's what I'm betting also.
Why dont you consider a full pardon for sm biz truckers. Take off our ankle monitors we are wearing without even having an offense #failedeldmandate. So sick of u not hearing us. What will it take??? HELLO!!!
If you pardon Michael Cohen, he’ll be compelled to testify and can’t use his 5th Amendment protections.
Wow...way to be late to the party...Pardon some one that is actually alive and not just  a completely meaningless  symbolic gesture ...Free Leonard Peltier!!!!
#Resist
You can do this . Don't listen to your critics.  It's time for a Triple Play.  You need to fire Sessions ,
Mueller , and Rosenstein now .

It's payback time.  Get mad , be bold , and show them who's the Boss. 

The time is now.  Don't wait until it's too late.
If he does that, he WILL be IMPEACHED.

 
lol
#MAGA - he knows China !!!! 

Uuuuunbeliiievable !
That's nice. But since he is dead perhaps an apology instead for the Central Park 5 who are still living? #JackJohnson
(Shhh... No one tell IQ45 that Johnson was a black guy)
Yes, but he’s a dead black guy. He doesn’t mind them. 
True, wypipo love dead black people, and black people music & food. Not so much living black people.
Did Chachi call you as well ? My friend Bill called me last night ... just thought I would tell everyone who called me last night
Wow, really??? Sylvester Stallone?? You are very important! 
No he's not important just like you aren't

That doesn’t say much for Stallone if he has your phone number.
How does Rocky have the White House Hott line ?

Good Idea Mr President Thanks you’re doing a great job we appreciate all the effort  Semper Fi 
Are celebrities politicians and rich friends the only ones who deserve pardons?
Only if they'll kiss orange ass.
Mr. President, I think you should pardon him. You have a good heart. You're doing a great job so far. Just rely on what you feel in your heart. It will be just fine!
Try doing something for minorities who are still breathing.
I think how Donald Trump wanting to Pardon a person for their crimes whether dead or alive is a bad thing. Black people on here are saying he's http://rascist.lol  The only rascist people on here are the so called minorities. They are the only ones throwing out color cards.
The man is being Pardoned. If not for him; for his family. Respect it. Donald Trump is doing the best he can to please all. Most of what he cannot get done is because of congress.
Good for you!  Now look at all the others who were similarly treated and do the same.  Hopefully you will respond equally to requests from families of not so famous individuals
Hahaha. That’s a good one
Who cares. Try to get along and be kind instead of judging and creating separation. You live in fear and scarcity. Take a look at that beautiful photo of the past presidents and Melania happy as can be at Barbara's Bush's funeral.
He should of had a pardon long ago!! What did obama do?? Nothing!!

Been looking for something, anything I could agree on with this man. A full pardon of Jack Johnson would be it
President Trump.. The Great Chuck Berry was also arrested in St. Louis, Missouri in 1959 for allegedly committing the same under the Mann act and was convicted and spent 3 yrs from 1960-1963 in prison..
Prez u dig it
Could the Mad King’s idea of negotiating on trade with China means he wants permission for all his friends to take more ownership of businesses in China. He will sell us out on trade with China if he gets these concessions that make him and his friends richer then ever.
Boxer Jack Johnson given a pardon for violation of the Man act 50 years after his death is nothing but a wink of the eye to Michael Cohn saying don’t worry I have a pocket full of pardons and I’m not afraid to use them.
Stop it Donald. Don't be jealous when you see your wife looked happier talking with Obama than when she is with you 

You think anyone gives a damn about you pardoning a dead black man who can’t benefit from it while you pardon a living racist who can? Sorry! You and your daddy would have hung Jack Johnson! You’re going to jail!!
Sad when Sylvester Stallone is the smart one in the conversation. This would be a good time to listen to him though.
@PalmerReport @krassenstein @Trumptweets2020 @BatesmatthewLee @DonTrumpsComb @TranslateRealDT 
Did Duffy Duck call you also?  What about the Lone Ranger, R2D2 and Snow White?
Sir, would you look into freeing the ranchers that had fire dept permission to start back fire to protect their land from a bureau of land mgmt fire that got out of hand & got convicted of terrorism for accidentally burning too much grass?
http://freethehammonds.org/ 
#FreeTheHammonds
Donald, you sir are doing an amazing job despite all the obstacles you have faced and that you are continuing to face! I truly believe that most Americans are behind you and support you! Keep up the good fight in your quest to MAKE and KEEP AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! AMERICA FIRST!
If Larry, Curly and Moe were alive.  Would you take advice from them?  What am I saying?  You'd have them in your cabinet Comrade President.
What is there to think about???Just pardon him.  Do the right thing instead of just talking about it.
“Full Pardon!”  You think Cohen got the message?
just not for jack johnson, right?

for 
@ivankatrump

for
@donaldjtrumpJR

for
@erictrump

for
@MichaelCohen212

& the list goes on

&

on

&

on
You pretend to be interested in Jack Johnson and Scooter Libby who was accused of your most hated thing "LEAKING the CIA woman's identity" but U have no core values as this is really about you sending message to Cohen, Manifort & similars but they will still be tried & convicted.
Did you deport Melania yet?  She was genuinely happy to be in the presence of real President Barack Obama.
Full pardon for a dead guy? So this will free Spanky's guilt for war on African Americans?
He has no idea who or what or why he pardons. All he knows is that he can do it and it makes most factions of the left angry.
If Mr. Johnson was alive today, you wouldn’t give him a second thought. Stallone is helping you use your power, in hopes of getting blacks to support you. You don’t give them nearly enough credit because they’re far smarter than that......and smarter than you or ‘Rocky!’
I like how you selflessly do good things and don't gloat all over Twitter looking for praise.
You don't have to worry Trump will not pardon that Black man. Oh he might if he finds out Obama was asked and didn't do it.
Hint-hint, nudge-nudge, witness tampering, felony-felony.
VOTE BLUE.
Either do it, or don’t. Wuit tweeting and be a President.
Now tell the REAL REASON
Yes! I agree Jackie Johnson ( aka Jack Johnson ) should be pardon. Also Mr. President if you want to know what's going on in Chicago,  Read Perceptions 2 by Jackie Brown  available  on Amazon. It is a book of 4,stories, one of which Boot Strap will answer  your question.

Comrade Trump is pardoning people now, to take away the focus of his intent to pardon his COLLUSION COMRADES. He didn't want his comrades to be the first use of this so he's pardoning people that previous (and legit) Presidents passed on. It's like Trump is on the D list.
Why would Stallone call you? Better still, went in Hell would be want to??
Why in the world only considering!?!?! Pardon that man!!!
Make it right Mr President...
This and many other reasons are why WE The American People STAND BY Trump!
DO IT
Lol
Death has already pardoned him...
Now FUHK OFF!
Pardon a LIVING BLACK MAN THAT CAN BENEFIT FROM A PARDON!

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
“WAH! Call the WAHMBULANCE!
Sylvester Stallone is SO TOUGH AND SCARY and I’m meek, pampered and weak!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
I’ll do anything he says and then maybe he’ll be my friend!
Maybe he’ll let me call him Sly!
No?
Wah! VEWY UNFAIOO!”
- #crybabyTrump
Jack Johnson is rogue version of Muhammad Ali... it's a pardon that will ironically be more popular with whites
It really would be good to set free all those  unjustly convicted I.e. Matula, Assata Shakur,& many others who are citizens.
Great tribute -should be done so the dead can rest easy
G
free leonard peltiera! i am sick of asking you and you ignore me all the time. just do it
@realDonaldTrump #SantraLavonneRucker was sentenced to, 13 Life Sentences,
480 months, another 480 months, plus 240 months with/5 years probation.(No Bodies) She filed and received a new outdate of 2024. She's served 20 years.
Would you please consider #Pardoning her sir.
Whoop de damn do! What about injustice NOW!?!
You are quite transparent, old man.
like going with the Joker - words of truth from @seanpenn #MAGA wake up
Sylvester Stallone called you... a weakling!

You are!
Don't paly Pardoning games with Hollywood weido's . NO that is just plain swamp bullshit . Have your people get in touch with me I will give u the full stories on men who killed hells angels defending others & or themselfes they should have never been guilty they need a pardon
That’s great, President Trump.
I support a pardon for Jack Johnson, who died in 1946. But it would not excuse the lynch mob you led in 1989 calling for the death penalty for black and Hispanic teens wrongly convicted who are still alive today. Maybe Sylvester Stallone can call you about the Central Park Five.
...YES, BECAUSE YOU'VE GOT NOTHING ELSE TO DO TODAY
Bravo!! 

Quella riabilitazione postuma che, a dispetto delle aspettative, non era stata concessa da Barack Obama sta per arrivare invece dal suo successore alla Casa Bianca. Donald Trump: via @repubblica
Че ты блять несешь?

Trump is nothing  but a lier an can't be trusted! He is destroying the American Dream! #DUMBASSDONALD
...and America is considering a Full Impeachment!
You’re just pissed because Melania clearly enjoys spending time with Obama. And clearly more than she likes being around you.
Finally. Blessed be God. Blessed Be His holy name
Good for u  I want see u and him  on show wrestling it
Hmm, are you sending messages to Cohen do he won’t talk?   You can’t pardon someone when you’re in jail with him Spanky!
не позволяйте stallone отвлекаться от вашей миссии. да, его плечи впечатляют, а частично парализованное лицо очаровательно. но помните, что он сделал с cm de. Драго?
The only reason you’re even considering doing this pardon is to gain points with the African-American community. If you actually knew who he was, and felt like you needed to pardon him, it wouldn’t take an actor to convince you to do so. Nice try sparky. We see ur bullshite.
YES Mr. PRESIDENT AS AN EX FIGHTER MYSELF THIS MAN DESERVES HIS PARDON

In other words, “Cohen, please read this tweet esp. last 6 words”
How about helping living black people? We see the silly game you are playing.
Mr. President Sir, So instead of tweeting you’re considering a “Full Pardon” how about Just Do It and Pardon the man than tweet about it ?
You’re on a roll w/ the pardons lately! Hmmm what r u up to?

İnş.canım ya
Nobody cares, name dropper. You’re going down, family included, as the biggest embarrassment this nation has ever experienced. Go away.
YESSSSS..... FINALLY and for all the best reasoning.....
Good!
Nothing liking yelling out “PARDON” when everyone that has dirt on you is under investigation #Desperate #Projection

Thanks for listening, Buffy. Did you know @TheSlyStallone is a friend of one of my adopted Brothers, @Schwarzenegger, who's a friend of my Governor, @JohnKasich? Check out Kasich's Twitter. It's very constructive. I know you like the word "constructive."
https://twitter.com/arieleast/status/987670798109495296 …
You're a good listener, President Trump.
Liar. Did not happen.
What a sad little man you are.
Wow you talked to Rocky?  So many words.  Thank you for sharing. Just wow
Mr Prez I think you should pardon Jack Johnson and restore his Legacy! His charge was obviously race motivated and this would show Ur not
Cohen - Think about this - Jack Johnson died in 1946!  That puts your promised pardon at 72 years after you die!
It is amazing that you would take the time to listen about Jack Johnson and his story and his history.... If you really have this much time to discuss the tribulations of a  long deceased figure.... you truly have way too much time on your little hands.
So if this happens it is all reversed and even tho the man is dead does this open a can of worms for the government to pay his relatives?
Sylvester Stallone PUNCH DRUNK!
If you could figure out why SFC Alwyn Cashe's MoH has not been pushed through it would be greatly appreciated.
Ivan Drago 4-eva!
Sweet fancy Moses but you are a complete buffoon. Literally beyond belief. Wow.
Mueller's team is considering full indictments of you and your people.
I guarantee Mr Stallone is horrified that you just mentioned his name as your “friend” (as if you have any). People like you never keep friends, NEVER, unless there’s something in it for them.
They Will KNOW WE ARE CHRISTIANS BY OUR LOVE!! By your example young Kim ( little rocket boy) may follow you and give up our and his people.
You should pardon you both have the same taste in white women
Do it!
Thank you!
You di understand he was a black man. Makes no duff ti ne but you, being a raciR, nees to be mindful of the POV of your constituents.
