Fire Mueller. Who cares. Enough of this crap
Not only fire Mueller but also do a systematic purge of anyone still working in government who isn't willing to swear a loyalty oath to the President.
Sorry, Paul.  In this country, we swear/affirm to uphold and defend the Constitution, not the president.
So you're ok with a pack of obstructionists, counter-revolutionaries, and liberals openly making war on a sitting president? Those positions can be cleared out and replaced by members of the Trump Directorate of State Security (who will actually get things done.)
“Trump’s Directorate of State Security”
The guy is insane
You're acting like a kulak!
Paul do you understand what a dictator is ?
Flynn, Papadop, Gates, Van der Zwann: indicted and Flipped! Manafort indicted. 13 RU indicted +3 entities. Pinedo plea.  Michael Cohen. 70 contacts between trump campaign & RU incl. GRU & FSB & oligarchs; 22 meetings.  Kush backchannel. Jr tower mtg.  Wikileaks. Cambr. Analytica.
One of the biggest tells of a crazy person is not being able to separate two different topics.

"The Economy is awesome... No Witch Hunt!!!"
Your economy is growing at a slower pace than Obama's did.  Gas prices are up $1, our healthcare costs are up 30% and the Stock Market is up only half of as much as under Obama at this point in time.
Yeah what he said!
Matthew 5:8
Blessed are the #pure in #heart, For they shall see #God.
#GOD bless our #Nation #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus is our #Savior  #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD is with us #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
2 Chronicles 7:14
if My #people who are called by My name will humble themselves, and #pray and seek My #face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from #heaven, and will forgive their #sin and heal their #land.

Job numbers came in below expectation again. 
The witch hunt has caught 19 witches so far.
Current: Partly cloudy with scattered tweets; 73% chance Donald Trump wrote this himself.

This is tweet number 40 mentioning 'Witch Hunt' from @realdonaldtrump -- 36 since inauguration.
Looking for Hillary. Witch hunt. He will soon bag a witch.
Yeah, an we know who the big witch is.

3.9%.  Nice but the U-6 #? Still between 9% and 11%.  Still its a positive #.  Hopefully 6 month window 3.9% is sustainable and not a function of unproductive Federal spending stimulus.
GJ!

When?
I'm seriously confused about the, "Again" part. 
I’m sure he means before year 1865 
Yeah...

But you said the unemployment numbers were fake, right? So if 5% was really 25%, like you said, then 4% is really 20% unemployment?
Apparently those "fake" unemployment numbers have magically become real, so let's take a look at the real story of unemployment over the last decade. In 2017, the US created the fewest jobs in the last 6 yrs
2017 - 2.0M
2016 - 2.2M
2015 - 2.7M 
2014 - 3.0M
2013 - 2.3M
2012 - 2.1M
Unemployment rate is a misleading number. What you really want to look at is the labor force participation rate which has been steadily dropping since 1999. Also, the Obama administration broadened the criteria for employment.
Thanks for saving our economy, @BarackObama! We miss you!

This 'witch hunt' has...
22 indictments
4 guilty pleas
3 back channels
22 Russia meetings
72 Russia contacts in the campaign
8+ lies under oath
1 lawyer pleading the 5th

You’re a piece of $hit.
Just watching TRUMP speak.  Honestly never seen a bigger ASHOLE IN MY LIFE
No mirrors in your house?
Yes I have a mirror,ONE I CAN ACTUALLY LOOK INTO,and a pillow to that I can lay my head at night

Omg. You’re so annoying 



I’m sorry... he subtracted jobs?  If you’re going to try and prove your point at least be truthful about the facts. Lies.


If you are a Conservative or Republican_Or just LOVE AMERICA_
Watch out for Spitting Liberal Goats_LOL
https://youtu.be/OQtp6vWVe00  
#maga 
#Americafirst 
#TrumpTrain 
#DrainTheSwamp 
#BuildtheWall
#BestPresidentEver 
#Trump2020 
#LiberalismIsaMentalDisorder
While it is great news that unemployment is dropping, the contracting labor market means that we are already past full employment. Now it cannot go anywhere but up.
You have 0 credibility.


If you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
Liberals don't want to get jobs and participate in society, other than tearing it down, whilst feeding off the productive, MAGA crowd.
#RantingGuiltyMan this has NOTHING to do w/ you or your Policies the Unemployment rate was going down at a faster rate prior to your instillation! Thanks Obama! Luckily #MuellerIsComingForYou the #TrumpCrimeFamily & #GOPTraitors #TraitorTrump belongs in prison! #PutinsPuppet
In the meantime.
Witches are making a comeback.
Can we get a source?
19 indictments.
In the meantime: "Must be a pretty picture, you dropping to your knees." Donald #Trump to female contestant #NationalDayOfPrayer
Thank you Obama for pulling us out of the worst recession in decades. You are so fortunate to be serving after such a great man. Don’t you think he belongs on Mt. Rushmore?
MARK YOUR CALENDAR AH document filed by Mueller team today requesting 70 blank subpoenas for 10 AM on July 10, 2018
and three freed hostages from North Korea! Keep up the great work!
Obama put US on that path

BURN THE WITCH
And your the WITCH
I guarantee his password is Witch Hunt
Shut up.  You are the witch...we know that.
Let’s keep winning!
California for Trump 2020
Continuing the trend started by obama,  but why are the jobs created lower then expected?
Still not tired of all this winning, Sir!
“Ahhhh....the winning, it burns!!!”...last heard at a Clinton Foundation meeting. 

Making us proud with your deeds Mr. President. Stay strong.



That what Nixon use to say right before he resigned. Every time you tweet witch hunt, makes me smile.
#FatNixon
#HuntAlmostOver

What’s the job gain in the Clean Energy Sector?
By conceding Clean Energy to China Trump hurts Red States again. #VotingAgainstYourOwnInterests Trump has his boot on the economic throats of his base. Farmers & Clean Energy in Red States getting hurt. Is being racist in public really worth no healthcare, jobs & Social Security?
And what, pray tell, does the unemployment rate have to do with you? Other than hiring every two-bit ambulance chaser on the east coast.
If this is a witch hunt, then you’re the one the House is going to land on.
#TrumpIsGuilty
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpLiesMatter
#StoopidNixon

230,000 people left the job market.

Rudy married his cousin.

So there's that.

…
Can you do us all a favor and put yourself out of our misery? Please and thanks.
WAPO: “Guiliani’s media blitz gives investigators new leads, new evidence.” I can’t stress this enough...Uncle Rudy put one of many nails in your coffin.
You can say it a thousand more times - and you probably will - but we all know you're a liar and a fraud, and that there is no "witch hunt", only a patriot and his team doing their jobs to investigate crimes against America. Your repeated denials only make you look more guilty.
From 50% unemployment all the way down to 3.9% in 14 months!...something only a Trump voter would believe
The 2 are not linked.. one is a positive economic indictor, the other is a criminal investigation aiming to protect our democracy  and prosecute anyone committing treason against our country #MuellerKnows
I’m happy the unemployment rate is low, but that does not negate the fact that you must be impeached. You lie, you cheat, you lie again, and damn it, you’re a terrible speller who doesn’t know the difference between “roll” and “role”... You’re an embarrassment. #NotAWitchHunt
Which witch should I hunt?
Cupcake....just resign. It's Friday. Give us something to celebrate this weekend
Donnie? No one except your tiny base of uneducated rednecks thinks the Mueller investigation is a witch hunt.
Against ALL odds, Mr, President! Keep up the great work! We're behind you!

#MAGA
#WWG1WGA
#QAnon
My first thought was to simply tell @realDonaldTrump to STFU but when I saw the tweets on this feed it scared the shit out of me. You trumpsters are really OK with ending Democracy over this guy aren't you? Pledge allegiance to trump? What about the constitution?
Hey Donny.  Your lawyer just tanked your reign in America!  Tic tock https://twitter.com/Bodyart4Ever/status/992430481529450496/photo/1pic.twitter.com/gcIf7jKBqc 
Best president ever! Keep it up! Make more liberals cry
The unemployment rate is probably true. Just the turnover in the FAILING Trump administration, combined with the number of lawyers now employed to defend Trump and everyone around him being investigated or cooperating in investigations, this alone brings down unemployment! Sad!
Lol!!!!!

FO Retard!!!!!
Lol!!
Let's see if he tweets out: Happy Cinco de Mayo day on Saturday.

This will be interesting...
ΙΜΡEΑСΗ Bob “Τḥẹ Μυӏẹ” Μυẹӏӏẹr who ḍẹӏἰνẹrẹḍ ƲЅ Ʋrαṇἰυm to the Ɍυᵴᵴἰαṇᵴ,  ἰgṇοrẹḍ the Сαӏἰρḥαṯẹ’ᵴ ṯrẹαᵴοṇ & who ṯḥrẹαṯẹṇẹḍ the Ρrẹᵴἰḍẹṇṯ to  αṇṇυӏ the 2016 ẹӏẹϲṯἰοṇ

#qanon8chan #qanon #thestorm #Treason #MAGAForAll #MAGA #NRA
Be like Jesus. Tell them if you can tell me why you allowed the $$$ for a public resource to end in Clinton Foundation & how Comey could allow evidence destroyed without prosecution of Clinton’s then maybe I can share a tidbit or two otherwise no deal!
Then say Congress I think you should be behind me on this because which of these situations happened first. If they won’t tell me then I won’t tell me and tell them. Christ set the example and you are trying to be Christian. But also logic dictates this.
Obama did a great job been falling ever since he took office and was at 4.1% when you took over. Takes 2 years before your changes take effect
Obama started at 11%
My mortgage is due.

WITCH HUNT!

Verizon wants their money.

WITCH HUNT!

The Electric Bill is due. 

WITCH HUNT! 

WITCH HUNT!

WITCH HUNT!
And Obama (who I used to support) said it couldn't be done.  And he was right. Not by him or Hillary.
Liar.
The Trump wave is huge and the left are drowning

Roseanne is my bestie...
Standing with you 200%


Blah, blah. You've had little to do with it. Here's what's really happened over the years.


Gee Mr. Trump. We had forgotten your opinion on the matter. Thanks for the completely necessary comment on witches and the hunting thereof.
Both are planet killers... While Welfare Queens Trump & Hannity steal money from the poor. #DirtyLiars #ReverseRobinHood #BadCough #PruittisWMD
On the afternoon of the 4th, it was confirmed that MediaTek 联科发 had obtained permission from the relevant government agencies to ship chips to ZTE. # They had a traitor
............MAGA............

CUT THE NUTS OFF THE WITCH.
Time to party like it's 1999?

Love it! Oh Donald . . .
It’s very simple @realDonaldTrump You keep lying so . . . .
I don't think you know what 'witch hunt' is...if there's evidence, it's not a 'witch hunt'... just wheels of justice doing what they were set up to do.
LUV U SIR!!
LOOK...
Just amazing!
Of course, the two areas are unrelated
JUST IN: Donald Trump is a liar who drafts doctors notes and tells doctors to sign them.  Then raids their office with his body guards.  JUST IN: Rudi Guliani is apparently a liar as trump has told him to correct his statements on fox and friends...days later.  What a joke.
JUST OUT:  You’re still a lying, cheating, adulterous piece of shit and waste of your daddy’s sperm
Thanks to Obama’s hard work...
Keep up the good work  God has ur back
164k new jobs this month. Huh....
Today's job report is not a good sign & we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
the country is in debt
But the BIGGEST ONE IS SITTING IN OFFICE. RIGHT. NOW. LMAOO. NERISSA. @realDonaldTrump @SecretService @Pontifex_es 

I found it. I FOUND IT  SHE'S RIGHT HERE EVERYBUGGY. @Beyonce @realDonaldTrump
Congratulations on this 18 year low!
Thanks President OBAMA 
Wait......I've heard you say this is a fake number, because it doesn't take in to account those not reporting or quit looking? Again.....flip flop. #BlueWaveIsComing
Inherited job growth you #TrumpPresidentialJoke and just because there happens to be good job growth doesnt mean #FBI has to stop investigating your #bullshit
Pick one: hero? Or victim?
Giuliani lies about Trump's lies? Baffled by the ever growing Tower of Lies?
The true blue wave you have to stop are the illegals that are flooding our border that will no doubt vote democrat after signing up for the payroll of the American tax payer
எங்க தமிழ்நாட்டுக்கு தமிழிசை அக்கா தான் அடுத்த முதல்வர்,
Remember that time Giuliani cleaned up that money laundering case that would have put Trump in some serious shit?

There's no need to hunt for witches, Trump. We know exactly where you are. We know you're a lifelong criminal whose lack of jail time exposes our broken "justice" system. & we know that now you've committed treason, & to have a traitor sitting in the White House cannot stand.
Is Witch your pet name for your fellow conspirators?  #CrimeFamily #MuellerTime #Resign #ImpeachTrumpNow #fridayfeeling
Ummmm.....
It would be appropriate for Mueller to investigate Trump in Salem, Massachusetts
I only hire the BEST people...
You are pathetic!
What do you have to be scared of? Just answer Mueller's questions and this will be over.

The good news is that they're catching a lot of witches then.
Not a witch hunt at all.
You are FAKE NEWS!
Nice work!
You bum. You're suppose to send me a Discover card.

Yeah yeah yeah. We'll see, Donnie. Now, run along and play with the gun guys.
LOL! You're so unintentionally funny! These steam of consciousness tweets are hysterical 
Quote from Sen. McCain’s new book: “Bigger misfits haven’t been inside the White House since William Taft got stuck in the bathtub.”
OMG! Are you 70 or 7?
Say 'WITCH HUNT' one mo' goddamn time.
But they sure are catching some MAGA-nificent witches ain’t they?! 
As we wait on the next lie, we reminisce about past lies ():
WAH WAH WAH !!!!
So you believe the numbers now? When it was 5 under Obama you tweeted the real number was 15, 30 or even 42.


You're doing a fantastic job and that is very encouraging news. Contacting my state reps. daily to halt this crap. I suggest all Trump supporters do the same. #EndTheWitchHunt

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/trump-is-a-grifter-same-as-ever/2018/05/02/5afa43d2-4e2f-11e8-84a0-458a1aa9ac0a_story.html …
Witch!


91 straight months of job growth -- only 16 months of those were yours. Just saying!
You know who doesn’t constantly talk about their innocence? 

Innocent people.
WOW NEIL CAVUTO APPARENTLY CARES ABOUT HIS FUTURE AND IS WILLING TO BUCK THE FOX STATE NEWS ORG AND SAYS YOURE THE ONE CREATING THE STINK!!!!
ROFL ROFL ROFL
I KNOW IT WON'T LAST BUT TO SEE SOMEONE ON FOX SPEAK TRUTH TO POWER WAS AMAZING!!!
Well done @POTUS44 !  #AlternativeFacts
Just out.... 100% Donaldo Trump is an ASSHOLE... lol

Great president

Which hunt ?  
  .
In the meantime, pain patients and vets nationwide, “committing suicide due to withheld medical care” Mr. President..PLEASE HELP
So now you're forcing me to tweet all my witch hunt memes again!  Enjoy!
Keep up the fight DT. First collusion, then too many diet Cokes and McDonald's, now porn slut, nothing about bonuses, pay raises, more jobs, North Korea, even California workers are doing better now. Hispanics in my little town in Texas love DT.
As reminder that Mueller is a decorated Republican Marine!
We found one.
Grow up!
Mr. Trump please DM me I have news that only you can be trusted with
Resign stupid.
Don you’re on absolute white hot fire brother - HH
‘JUST OUT:  Economy good stuff I had nothing to do with.  In meantime, BANANAS!’  

—our dumb insane president
Hey Donnie, GREAT NEWS!
They found the WITCH

It was a Russian agent in the Oval Office masquerading as POTUS
The audacity of that TRAITOR!!
The shit storm has just started...
YOUR people
Black ex-Obama staffer has cops called on him while moving into new home http://hill.cm/C28HOqp  
WE WERE WARNED:

Thank you Mr. President! Unemployment low! Economy on fire! Mueller conducting witch hunt! All true!!
From the Klein News Agency "on-air":
BROKE ASS
If the economy and unemployment number are so great, why are your approval ratings historically low? Think about that, lying moron.
Awesome on the unemployment!   Although im 100% sure creative accounting , not your policy, made that number happen.   

And its not a witch hunt.....its your very own law and order episode....and you are the guest star!   (Btw....the guest stars are always guilty sacks of shit)
Does this thing make my ass look fat?
Asking for a friend.
I don’t know where the money came from. You’ll have to ask Michael.
So after living outside the law yr whole life, we're to believe that you all of a sudden went straight, just as you were being given the power – by the electorate – to commit even 𝗺𝗼𝗿𝗲 acts of corruption? Not buying it…A mafioso doesn't suddenly become a boy scout at age 70!
Lol 
you are amazing I saw you just kiss to my grandmas she’s 104 years old

Thank you, President Obama!
Thanks @POTUS44 !!! 
Thanks Obama!
#ThanksObama
I have the best friends!!
Just wow.  3.9 is the magnitude of the earthquake that struck Jordan in 2016, clearly this is Trump dog whistling to his racist supporters that would be happy about an earthquake in a majority Muslim country.  Just disgusting.  Wake up people.

Thanks OBAMA!!!
Why don’t you cast a spell?
Unemployment and the investigation--the 2 are mutually exclusive. But I get it, that's super hard for you to comprehend.
Traitor. Liar . Pervert. 
Maybe you and Rudy and Sarah can get your phony Stormy Daniels stories together. Den of thieves and liars! America deserves better.
Mr. President the “Deep State” never thought you would become President & 4 their wrong assumption they did what they never should do.They assumed Hilary as president would never expose their illegal activities.
They are after you since you are with people not the establishment.
Statement from the witches council

“Which hunt?”  There is so much corruption in your Administration that we have to prioritize Which scandal to Hunt!  #witchhunt #whichhunt #StormyWatch @catspecter
THANK YOU @BarackObama for getting the country through such a tight spot and catalyzing the economy. The fruits of your hard work is what we are enjoying now!
You inherited a good economy with unemployment rate at 4.7 %. Obama on the other hand the worst jobs loss in 34 years. Your so-called achievement, Mr @POTUS, is like a runner getting a 50 meter head start in a 100 meter dash.
I mean, not that any of your WITCH HUNT!s make any sense, but this one is particularly puzzling. Are witches newly employed, or unemployed?
Hurt me Sarah, hurt me so good!!!
I agree! I think a civil war is coming and it’s not going to be pretty
George Washington: - I cannot tell a lie.

#DonaldTrump: - I cannot tell the truth.

@PressSec @SarahHuckabee: - I cannot tell the difference. 
