PR still has no power
Flint, MI still has no clean water.
Blame that on the Democratic leadership in Michigan... Water is the least of their worries look at that nasty city Detroit used the be the car capital of the world now a garbage town for the most part
Yep and look how Trump is distracting you. He will talk about that wall, while they keep finding more lies, he told. Blame the Dems, well the Dems didn’t do this you did.
#Breaking Bloomberg reporting: Flight records confirm Trump stayed the night in #Moscow -- which he has vehemently denied. Trump's jet didn't leave till Sunday. Did #Trump flap his arms all the way home? #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded #MuellerInvestigation  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-23/flight-records-illuminate-mystery-of-trump-s-moscow-nights …
....before this moron interuppted, Detroit went from Hiroshima, August 5, 1945 to holy shit, liberals turned this place in to a shithole like after Hiroshima.
This thread is unworthy of a #DoctorWho meme.
It's a good thing I used a GIF instead of a meme then.
You know that's funny.
BUILD THE WALL.
We want the WALL.

NOW.
I'm not in WE.
Anyone running a sanctuary city or state should be arrested. They are harboring criminals.
You know, it is a shame that these caravan people are in need, but America cannot continue to do what we're doing with this open door, open border policy. If you can't come over with the means to sustain or a sponsor then we just can't do it. We're way too far in debt!
We need to follow the laws of our country. I don't know if that's callous or not, but it is the law. We can't continue to do it. Who pays for it? The tax-payers. We don't even have the money to help our veterans get the proper healthcare but can take care of people who waltz in.
Look at what Europe has done. Open border policies for years for migrants that cannot self-sustain. Now half of the countries are going bankrupt trying to sustain it. Not to mention the many cultural strains that are occurring. From a strictly financial standpoint, it's not good!
Half of Europe rally isn't going bankrupt. But you've probably not traveled much I'd guess.
Probably not out of his own state.
Build that FENCE
You are making up shit again. Take your meds.

So now it’s your opinion that Germany has a better policy than the US on immigration?
Totally agree with POTUS! Never yield to ROGUE BULLIES! Shame on Mexico for allowing this to happen!
This month, the US federal government will spend $108,000,000 housing criminal illegal aliens in federal prison.

Secure our border and send them back. 
Mexico will pay for the wall, dearly.
Build the Wall.
Imagine saving 80billion a Year Of not having to endear in taking care of other country citizens.
80 billion saved a year?Who is going to work in our fields then? They do jobs americans won't do so now our fruits and vegetables will ROT in the fields and prices of produce will sky rocket! They paid taxes and contributed to the economy! They work harder than most citizens!
You’re wrong but hey that’s cool, I like to spew bs when I don’t have a dog in the fight myself...then again I highly doubt you’ve ever set foot in a field, let alone picked a single thing. So I’m sure you’re an expert on what happens
Ever seen one of these?
Blah, blah, blah, yawn. Don’t you have a state dinner to prepare for?
#WaffleHouseShooting You didn’t even bother to tweet thoughts and prayers, Mr. President. A white terrorist, QAnon follower, and huge Trump fan shoots up a Waffle House and you’re all Mexico Mexico Mexico
#BuildTheWall
CARAVANS OF PEOPLE ARE NOT COMING IN OUR COUNTRY!!!

and the lies begin....
Try reading the story of Joseph Mary and Jesus finding 'sanctuary' in Egypt, Matthew and Luke, Gospels.......
But, the attitude they demonstrate are not that of Mary and Joseph. They are NOT sending their best.
Maybe they are just human......
Yes Donn but, our Vets and homeless are human as well. We Cannot save the world, too much debt already.
True, we have our own problems, we can address both I believe.
Yes sir ,I believe we MUST  fix our problems here and then definitely let others come in " legally of course" for the American dream.
We  tutored the children of a large Vietnamese family who came here as part of the Boat People, they went on to become Doctors and business owners.  Our problems are big, we must have hearts that are bigger.
Problem is our hearts don't make a bank account.
You should be desperate, Dotard. A HUGE BLUE WAVE is coming in the next elections. This #BlueTsunami washes you out of the history books and the WH.

You could be right but I believe the wave will be RED
Dear Trumper, If you still support him now, you are as nuts as him. You will never be forgiven. Muting you. Bye
God Bless you President Trump! 
May our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ Bless your soul for all Eternity!
#KAG2020 
#GodBlessOurTroops 
#GodBlessAmerica
We prayed for him and God answered our prayers.  Now he is doing Gods work straightening up our flawed nation.  Of course he is meeting resistance.  Satin doesn’t like it.
You can tell if Trump was being true about being born again by the fruit he produces while in office.
And as a born again Evangelical Trump supporter, I'd have to say that fruit is tasty!!
Go Golf
How many hidden ISIS members are with these mobs? EU has a HUGE Sharia problem. We don't need the same thing!

Trump you are the only “leader” in the world so naive!
You’ll never be a dictator.
You’re a weak failure!
I’m sorry you’re so scared you need a wall to hide behind!
I’m sorry you’re such a bad deal maker that Mexico won’t pay for it!

I’m sorry you were installed as “president”!
If you think Trump, the whiniest little weakling ever to seek office is “strong” then you’ve clearly never met a masculine human being!

Trump is soft, fat, pampered, privileged & unintelligent.
He backs down on everything and whines and cries on Twitter!

Trump defines weakness!
Trump is weak!
If you think Trump isn’t weak you’ve got a screw loose.

You think THIS PANSY is tough?
Hey, @lavonb11... wake up to reality.
Everyone else has!
#weakTrump
#weakTrump
Wake up you #TrumpSheep
Nobody is or could be as WEAK as Trump!
#weakTrump

You’re welcome,  @lavonb11!

https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5934798ce4b00573ab57a4ad/amp …
President Trump is a phenomenally successful ,leader. He is always 3  steps ahead of liberals.  He has kept America winning since he was elected. His ratings are over the top, real Americans love him.
Protect our beautiful country Trump. build the wall.  We can’t feed, medicate, and house “everyone”. Hillary would open the doors and we’d end up just another shit hole!!  Then the snowflakes will be the first to start crying”why did they open our country up? 

#NailedIt
Trump should change the last line of the national anthem from, “...the home of the brave.” to, “...the home of the scared.”  It better reflects his behavior and policies.  Fox news has created a cowardly 35% with zero moral authority, and Russians helped elect their leader.
MATTHEW 25.35
No Mr President! Canada is worse! Trudeau, a close associate of Barak Obama, is not to be trusted! Not at all!
Way 2 go! Finally, someone not bought & paid 4 like the @GOP & @TheDemocrats who r no better than the Mafia, raping our govt everyday!
He bought and paid for himself.

If you think Trump is looking out for you then you're a naive fool.
THANK YOU, President Trump!!!
There’s no worst disgrace than you being the president of this great country.
Naive is when you think a silly, but very expensive, WALL will prevent illegal entry into the country. You’re a waste of my tax dollars.
FATHER, bless & protect our faithful fearless leader @POTUS as he fights to protect & restore our precious country  #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #GreatAwakening #QAnon #WeAreTheStorm 
Faithful LMAO... how many hookers does it take before you open your eyes.
You realize they are coming north to pick our crops - they are called migrant workers and the crops need tending. Maybe you don’t know what fruits and vegetables are...they grow in the ground and require laborers to pick them.
THIS @POTUS IS A REAL LIST OF ACCOMPLISHMENTS! Sorry your list sucks! #TrumpLiesMatter!
You are a failed politician
Natural disorder and war of the world thank you

and he loves you Buwahahahaha
Don’t need him to love me
"LARGE CARAVAN " - It's your PROPAGANDA Donny boy.

Or, you must have allowed the FUCKING Russian in USA.

4 walls for Donnie, 3 cement and 1 wall of metal bars. Or 4 padded walls

Can anyone who claims to be Christian truly support this guy?  Trump thinks the Ten Commandments are things he's supposed to do.  He's done most of them and bragged about it.
If you love the wall so much why don't you marry it?
If you're so against our president why don't you just move?
Because we are Americans who love our country, and we will continue to speak out against bad representation and bad policies.  Running away would not change anything in the country we love.
I'm pretty sure @realDonaldTrump is Russian at this point.

As long as you on the other side of it and stay there!
What if we move military training to the border? Tanks helicopters and airplanes moving around in training
What a stupid idea!
Great idea
Thank you Mr. President!!
All the $$ being given to illegals is desperately needed for health care and pharmaceutical reform for Americans..our first obligation should be to our own citizens..then we should vet immigration and only allow what we can afford...
You are the most amazing president ever!! 
Such a great thought; our leader...putting the US citizens, & our country 1st!! 
Thank You & God Bless!!
Trump 2020!
The left does not recognize the conservation of anything, not culture, not voice, not independence, not anything. They want a multi-universe of everything with no community, no family, and no individual. Very sad.
Considering we all bleed the same color, I believe there would be be more communities and stronger families if we erased borders and licensing unless you work in a field where people's lives are legitimately in your hands... But,hey... I was raised to love everyone.
Eight years! And no change to cities that needed change. Please the next blue wave will bankrupt us all. And every city will look just like Detroit. And the Dems will have absolute power. The 1% are controlling the blue wave. So bow on, slaves, to the blue wave.
That's the @POTUS I voted for and will vote for AGAIN in 2020!

Signed, 

One Proud Legal American Citizen.
#बेटी_मांगे_इंसाफ  
 आज समाज में महिलाओं पर अत्याचार बढ़ रहा है इसे रोकने के लिए हमें  सत्संग में जाना चाहिए और अधिक जानकारी के लिए साधना टीवी पर रात्रि 7:30 से 8:30 पर संत रामपाल जी महाराज का  मंगल  प्रवचन सुने
@SrBachchan
#BUILD_THE_WALL

Thank you President Trump. The majority of Americans support you. Keep up the great work you are doing for America. God bless you!  USA
Thank you from the bottom of my  for not letting this caravan over run our country.  #BuildTheWall
#California 4 #Trump wants @POTUS to DEFUND @JerryBrownGov #SanctuaryState #SanctuaryCities ! 

Hold #JerryBrown responsible for deaths by his #illegals on LEGAL #CA , 
 He uses #Illegals for votes = MASSIVE #VoterFraud  !  

#WatchCalifornia #QAnon  #BuildTheWall #Trump2020
WRONG Donald!!! The wall will not solve anything. You are sooo wrong and out of touch with what the majority really want....Hire better advisers that are more in tune with the voters. We need a President not a bigot in office. Its not too late to do the right thing.....

It will get worst before that Wall goes up..instructed by the Democrats to hurry up and overwhelm the border with ppl looking for asylum we know the routine..mostly men and once in America they'll call for the rest of the family..Why not go to Canada or stay in Mex?NO FREEBIES !
We stand 100% with you Mr. President; build the wall, force congress to make much needed changes to immigration laws, fix the voting system in our country and watch the millions of Americans who will vote for 4 more years in 2020!!! Best President ever! God bless President Trump!


TURN Them Away! ENOUGH
Go after Mexico They ALLOW them through their country. They let them "Legally" PASS through their country. This is ALL 
Wow, seems you are the naive one.  But then, you are, of course, playing to your even more ignorant base, aren’t you?
Thank you! Deport them all! Build the wall!
Stop "asylum program" until we get #ImmigrationReform done & start giving court dates to those who come to border & then SEND THEM BACK to where they came from, including children. @Jim_Jordan @HouseGOP
Build The Wall!
You’re a horror.
All governments in all Latin America are corrupt democratic STEALING THEM BLIND...WATCH THEIR NEWS PEOPLE EDUCATE YOURSELVES. It is the fault of Mexico's coruption that brings them here, THINK..Mexico has...
Oil
Gems..Oceans,
Vacation destinations, etc. Why are they poor!!!THINK
I guess they would all need a welfare check and a home too
Let those Americans that want to, help fund the wall! We’ll get r done!
How are we naive for allowing diversity? Immigrants make America great. The people in congress are smart for not allowing a wall because it a waste of money and there are more dire needs... Like Flint, MI
HALT ILLEGALS OR MUSLIMS ENTRY ONTO U.S. THAT DISPLACE AMERICANS! UNTIL THE MILLIONS OF HOMELESS AMERICAN FAMILIES LIVING ON THE STREETS HAVE ESTABLISHED A ROOF OVER THEIR HEADS AND REGAIN THEIR FOOTING BACK INTO OUR COMMUNITIES #AMERICA1ST    THE BORDER SHOULD HALT ANY NEW ENTRY
I'm just strolling through his tweets because surely I missed his tweet regarding the Waffle House murders....
Which part of 'refugees' and 'humanitarian' are ypu incapable of comprehending?
#ImpeachTrump #TraitorTrump
Wall now! Enough of these freeloaders.
I agree no more illegals I had enough of them
They demand entry to our country, take our jobs, lower the working wage for Americans and cost the taxpayers massively for Welfare, Medicaid and other services. Democrats get more votes— Americans get screwed!
Is that how it works? Sounds so simple, black and white, but I think it’s more complex. There are immigrants who helped shape our tech industry, also migrants to pick our fruits and vegetables. They get paid below the minimum wage and that helps our produce to be cheaper.
LEGAL immigrants are employed in the tech industry. Less than 3 percent of illegals pick produce, and it isn’t necessary. Growers can contract legally with immigrants to pick crops and we can pay a little more so they can get a better wage.
Remember when the Dems called for more border security? They are just turning on you so they can get votes, Mr.President! We stand with you with immigration!
Real libertarians have always supported open borders.
Real libertarians don’t determine others. I agree with libertarian party on everything besides our borders.
End trade with Mexico then negotiate
Reports: 
'#CaravanMigrants ' Waiting to Cross #Mexico- #California #Border ! 
TY @POTUS for sending the #NationalGuard until we can #BuildTheWall #MAGA #MakeAmericaSAFEagain #AmericaFirst  http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2018/04/24/reports-caravan-migrants-waiting-cross-mexico-california-border/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+breitbart+%28Breitbart+News%29 … 
#fb #WWG1WWA END #illegalimmigration! #KatesWall #Trump2020
These caravans must not be let across, we need the wall.
Our country is our home, we,,the American people are being invaded by these masses, America needs to put no vacancy in Spanish on the wall!
Borders can't be one sided...
Thank you Mr. President.
Do not let that Trash come here!
Your sentences don't actually make sense
Stay strong POTUS! WE ARE BEHIND YOU!!
Thank you, Mr. President.
These "caravans" have been around for years.  They are for the safety of the refugees from endemic violence.  Only a very small number of these people actually attempt to come into the country.  Trump needs them to be a threat, as his political fortunes are tied to fear.

You are amazing! Thank you President Trump!
Turn them around and send them back.
Please make them build the wall! Set up a go fund me for the wall. You have rich Saudia friends right? I would contribute to that. Anyone else? Build our wall! Stop the caravans use the national guard!
ronnie jackson wake up you didn't get the job!!!! When d-turd says "we'll see...."  That means you won't see.  Lmao.  Another failed attempt at trying to be a president.
King of the Dotards
Thank you Mr President
Think about just the illnesses they bring in.
How much money US Government allocated to protect kids at schools, and how much our tax money was spent to protect school killers?
We need to put #Americans first. @TheDemocrats and @TheDemCoalition don’t care about our own. They don’t have a plan. #MAGA #Qanon
cool ,how long will it take to build wall? times awasting
Please Mr. PRESIDENT...stay firm on your stances. There are so many of us deplorables that will stand beside you. Thanks for giving our country back to us!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!!!!! 
What will a wall do when they are building underground? Are we wasting more resources? @WtrGpsy @realDonaldTrump

Totally agreed  percent!!!
All these "smoke guns" are initiated by the left to test the You & the USA. Immigration has to be legal!
The “large caravans” aren’t coming here. They’re expressing repression in their regions of origin. Are you really this obtuse? Or maybe you just grew up with a silver spoon and don’t have an understanding of what it means to be oppressed. That’s probably closer to the truth. SAD
Build the effing Wall NOW!
Correction: we are the only country in the world to have such incompetent and naive leadership.
Build@it!!
Yes
Start building it
Those walkers to the border look young & healthy. Let em in. USA needs young blood.
Mexico let them into their country they lied to us let them keep them we don't want them enough is enough chain migration must stay where it's at let's do a chain people so they cannot get in
Why are you president?
Now Only #MartialLaw  can correct the treason and treacherous damage courts and politicians have wrought on our great nation.

Damn these traitors to hell. They’ve sold out to fascists and migrant votes.

Trump says the dossier is false because he didn't stay overnight in Moscow. But Thomas Roberts, host of that year’s Miss Universe pageant, confirmed that Trump was in Moscow for one full night and at least part of another. https://www.thedailybeast.com/miss-universe-2013-host-thomas-roberts-confirms-trump-stayed-overnight-in-moscow/ …
Even from Sweden this behaviour of an american president is embarrassing.
California has the most homelessness in all 50 states Governor Brown should be ashamed. He want to let more into our state. Sad my last name is Brown no relation.
https://youtu.be/BBgtm4vE_rk 

#investigate #indict
#impeach #incarcerate
#failing #fakepresident @POTUS #corruption #collusion #conspiracy @realDonaldTrump #pendejo
Thank you President Trump!  They are invaders who come to kill and destroy!
PLEASE DO NOT LET THEM IN OUR COUNTRY ILLEGALLY! If they want to become LAWFUL CITIZENS then by all means let them go through due process but PLEASE do not fold under pressure! NO MORE!
Typical Trump/Republican voters 
Stand strong please...
#jail #nobail
You go mr president!
Thank you President Trump now these dangerous killers won’t be stopping by to murder a bunch of innocent people, and do their drug dealing. They have been told how to play our system.
We need a large sign on the southern border that simply says NO VACANCY.
Please do not let them in. I would hold Mexico responsible.  Get rid of NAFTA,  now. Make Mexico pay for the wall. If you would cut all of our money from going to all of these countries and put it into our teacher's and schools it will be a win.
That’s right! We should have had a wall when your family immigrated from Germany, we should have had a wall before your wives came into this country, actually we should have had a wall when the pilgrims came and decimated the natives!
People come to this country for a better life
Build that wall Mr. President, please build that wall
I agree 100%
Thank you President Trump for protecting our borders.  Keep up the good work!
Mr President you are doing a awesome job. I will be riding the TRUMP TRAIN IN 2020 sir that's a promise.

Thank you POTUS for protecting the people of the US! There is ONLY ONE way to come to America- LEGALLY! GOD BLESS DJT
Thank you mr. president.
There are no large caravans of people trying to get into the country. It is a disgrace that you keep pushing these scare tactics to your base. Immigration and boarder security are the least of your worries. Gun control laws should be your prime concern.
#BuildTheWall
No we have open borders in the UK and we let anyone in
Recognize this? Didn’t think so
Yes #BuildTheWall & send the misguided immigrants home. #MAGA 
Fuck a wall and your supposed borders, there was a time when people could truly live and travel freely, that's the world we should go back to, people should be free to find the place that touches their soul and then start trying to make a home.
UK not doing a bad job at naiveté either - I prefer to call it stupidity in our case

They keep saying it’s mostly children and women. I’m seeing pictures... I sure the hell don’t see anything but fighting age men with a few women mixed in. WALL
So the long time standing world alliance of helping refugees is beneath us?? . . But redistributing all wealth to the elite is not?
#WeThePeopleAGREE % MR #POTUSPUTTING#AmericansFirst#MAGAForAll2 #SecureTheBorder 2 #Stop #IllegalImmigration,#Cartel& #MS13#DrugTrafficking#Gangs WITH A #Criminal#Murdering #Agenda #Invading R #Entitled #Constitutional #Freedoms& #Liberties
Build the WALL----My son died because of drugs coming across the southern border. I miss him so much! BUILD THE WALL!
Despite my constant fake news and "fine people on both sides", I have instructed @foxnews to repeat my large Caravans of lies, because i dont care about this Country. I'm a disgrace. My supporters are the only people in the World so naive! NO WALL JUST A 33 MILE FENCE. #Failed
You are garbage.
Mr President you have our Country heading in the correct direction, we are one country and people have to understand that laws are needed within a country or you have complete pandemonium and kayos
We're THE ONLY country that was literally founded by immigrants for more immigrants to come over!!
There have to be rules, but stop this insanity.
We just need you under it once its built.

You are a DISGRACE
You mean the imaginary large caravans?
You are doing your Job.  Bravo
Stop talking about that stupid Wall! It’s never getting built!

Wait. Just a second. You mean that homeland security normally lets in the caravans?  And just now you instructed them not too?  Any chance it’s because there are no caravans?  Just in case please check and you will find no stories on caravans. Bigly sad.
We do not want them here they need to turn around and go back we cannot let them step one foot on the US soil let him stay where they're at we're feeding enough illegals now we need to start defending for our own our own vets let Mexico Mexico take care of them
325 million people in the US Donald so 92.9K likes is chump change 
How many are real accounts?
This will be included in the history books, so I want to go on record to say that we don’t dislike you, we despise you. Nothing you can do, say or tweet will stop that fact. #resist
You’re a disgrace!
And tell that Fed Judge to kiss ure ass!! #EndDACA #MAGA
Stop them as an act of war, interning illegally! WE DO NOT WANT THEM HERE ILLEGALLY! WE HAVE TO PAY FOR ALL OF THEM! SEND THEM BACK!!! START THE WALL PRESIDENT TRUMP! THANK YOU!!!!
President Trump, Tell your many followers what we need to do to help you get the wall. We know the Dems are trying to stop you. Is there a place to donate to the wall fund? Do we need to email our senators?  What is the answer?  We have your back and want to help.  #BuildTheWall
Just stop liar.
Thank you for having such a level head!
The ignorance of Trump and his sheep is downright stunning. Ugh...

Do not let one foot crossed into the United States not one foot
They are defined as Migrants not Immigrants.Migrants travel in Tribes and droves of mixed but limited culture with no IDs and no Passports.Immigrants come to the borders with passports and IDs to identify them as applied to enter Legally.America can not support mixed Migrants.
Tell DHS to stop jerking around and start arresting all the sanctuary city politicians as the Federal Law demands.  Start jailing them along with employers and landlords that are aiding & abetting!
Federal law?
Title 8 › Chapter 12 › Subchapter II › Part VIII › § 1324, B. (iv) in case of a violation of subparagraph (A)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv),(v) resulting in the death of any person, be punished by death or imprisoned for any term of years or for life, fined under title 18, or both.
You’re a broken record! What about the travesty you perpetuate known as the “National Debt”? What happened to “health care”? What about the fact that you are the most unpopular POTUS ever? Why are you continuing to hide your tax records? The Trump ship is sinking!

