I actually think that their concern is that there are Senators & Congressmen that are complicit in trying to frame you! It’s not a hoax, it’s treason from the highest levels of government. For this to never happen again there must be legal consequences. #IndictThem #LockThemUp
Rule of law. Look it up. It’s simple and it only demands compliance. That’s it.

This isn’t meanies or sneaky people trying to harm trump..... really not that hard to work out... They’re trying to protect America! Which they are sworn to do. Please don’t advocate for criminality.
Those people are just trying to protect their skins, and oust Trump so that they can place their Democrat puppets in charge.
No. Just someone law abiding. Think about it. It’s probably something you want too if you care about democracy and the fact that it must have a process to maintain it. I’m fine with a republican replacement, as long as he’s honest and law abiding.
Emily
Its not law abiding when you create a fake dossier, then pay for it to be put out there. Then try to bring down a sitting PRESIDENT who has done nothing wrong! This needs to stop, why don't you speak up for "TRUTH".
Nixon thought he did nothing wrong simply because he was the President.  No one is above the law.
Kristine
It should not apply to President Trump because it is all based on a fake dossier that Hillary Clinton paid for, this has been proven. Why should a sitting PRESIDENT be subject to this kind of treatment when it's all fake to begin with. You liberals are all the same.
Sharon I just have to ask why is it that you support a less than a billionaire con-man/business man that is trying his damnest to get away with treason, collusion, campaign finance laws and etc...?
Oh, really? What powers would those be? You clearly never bothered to read the Constitution, so as a retired civics prof, let me give you some advice on where to start: Article II, Section 2.
Okay, I know it's unfair to expect *you* to read several full paragraphs, so I'll make it short and sweet for you:
It's  o wonder kids are failing in this country lol. Because of idiots like You! The potus can fire anyone in the DOJ and under  like the FBI etc etc and yes he can fire Mueller and his ban of witch hunters. You liberals never give up so GFY. Get used to our potus. 7 1/2yrs to go
Um, perhaps you need to learn a little reading comprehension. The paragraph she was eluding to had to do with PARDONING power. Not firing.
Trump trolls hate it when I cite the U.S. Constitution.
1. We're patriots, not trolls.
2. Impeachment of Rod Rosenstein is under discussion, but no one is impeaching #POTUS. 
3. We hate seeing the Constitution abused.
So why did Trump just hire Emmet Flood, Bill Clinton's former impeachment attorney, today? Why does he think he needs an impeachment specialist?
Honestly, I am asking, because I am as surprised by that pick as anyone. 

My point is a POTUS has no special powers to evade justice.
Moreover, I fail to understand why ANY American would want the presidency to have "special powers" to evade justice. That would clearly be a terrible idea, no matter what your politics are.



I'm on those women's side! You apparently voted for this man after hearing his own words.
This will be the happy ending
It is sad that you would wish that on our president. I never liked Obama but never wished him failure.  If the president fails the country fails. Why so many haters?
Let's not forget the rampant corruption. Or at least the appearance of it as nothing has been proven yet. That amount of corruption alone is worthy of him leaving office let alone policies that are so clearly meant to enrich the lives of but a few Americans rather than a majority
Oh I invite you to do just that because it will end the nonsense for the rest of us. Btw- you do understand that your base isn’t enough to elect you right? Asking for a friend-
I invite you to look at this map, Alyson...
I love this map! It is what true Americans believe. Liberals will lose more and more space in the years to come. #MAGA #Trump2020
The concept of population density just soars over your head, doesn't it?
And that is why we have the electoral college....
You mean the one Trump wants to get rid of?

https://www.esquire.com/news-politics/amp20087283/trump-scrap-electoral-college-for-popular-vote/ …
And never mind all the special elections that democrats have been winning, even in republican leaning districts that trump won. But ok, have fun with your “map”. Just be sure to get it laminated so it won’t get ruined by your tears. 
You mean losing - who won the Arizona special election? That’s right - a republican! And hmmm wasn’t there supposed to be a blue wave?
You go right ahead, Donny. Orange jumpsuit will match your face.
#InstabilityInChief #TrumpResign
President Trump was known as “The Donald”  he loved  our Country so much & was the only man with the POWER-VISION-STRENGTH & STANIMA  to Take on the Swamp to #MASA  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Keep on tweeting moron
As president, you should March down to Mueller's office and answer his questions. It will prove you are as innocent as you say. You can save the tax payers money and end this "hoax" as you call it. You can even tell everyone that you told us so. This could all be over by Tuesday

No you can’t!!!!
So do it already. What is with the threats?
If @realDonaldTrump had not been in God’s plan to save America he would NEVER been elected @POTUS 
Against all odds and 1.2 BILLION dollars, a rigged election our Lord placed him in the @WhiteHouse 
If the Dems/liberals think they can take him out they did not learn anything 2016
Amen to that Mister; Trumps got God on his side!
#Trumpanzee!!
Wow...u have guilt written all over u. U r really freaking out! Guess I would 2 if I was as guilty as u r on so many fronts. U also don't sound like u r getting much sleep. I wouldn't either! How do u look in stripes?
Threats? Answer the questions.
Yes, please do!
Our Dear Leader: just a thug.
Oooooooooooohhh...stfu
Yes, please, Mr. President,  and soon!
If you use the “powers of the presidency” in an attempt to interfere with and/or halt the Russia-Probe, you will be brought up on abuse of power charges, and will be Impeached shortly thereafter.

Only a guilty, terrified con man such as yourself would need to make such a threat.
Only he didn't collude. This is all a stupid Fairy Tale invented by your liberal Puppet Masters as an excuse for why you lost the 2016 election. If this investigation is going on without any evidence proving that he did anything, been watching the investigation continue?
Is that because trump said he didn’t collude? Oh it must be true!! Last I checked the extent of what Mueller found in the course of the investigation hasn’t been released to the public. So you have no way of knowing that there’s no proof. Just like the president.
Mueller has already said that Trump is not a target in the investigation. If there was evidence, he would have already released it. If he had found something, he wouldn't be hiding it. That is, unless he found evidence of collusion on the Left.
That’s a great point! I think I heard about Mueller wanting to subpoena and speak to some left wingers...oh wait that’s only happening to Trump and associates of Trump who have known ties to Russia! My bad.
Well so does Clinton, since she sold uranium to the Russians. Let me guess? If you caught Trump using Russian dressing on his salad, you would accuse him of Russia collusion.
No, I’ll stick with the close associates of his being involved with Russia, and the whole Cambridge Analytica stuff. That should be enough.
Not enough to prove that he colluded with Russians for the 2016 election. Which from what I can tell, is more likely true in the case of the Democrats
I mean really, who has Trump size balls to tell him otherwise. While the left is flinging dirt, The Don is actually getting stuff done. Just the N.K. upcoming disarmament is Noble Peace Prize worthy.
You want documents turned over? How about your taxes we have been asking for for years now. I voted for you and I apologize everyday for that. At this point I can’t think of anything you could do worse.
I’m sorry America, I am deplorable 
Nah, deplorable would be continuing to support this grifter.
Hillary Rotten facts; zero accomplishments and zero ideas! So , what was Maniac Hillary’s motivation to be President? Sociopaths live their devious lives plotting REVENGE! HRC is the most ‘slighted ‘ female in American history and she was seeking revenge against humanity
2nd to seeking revenge is Hillarys ravenous craving for power!
Power allows for revenge!
TRUMP SO THINKS HE IS ABOVE THE LAW HE IS PATHETIC
In other words, you are going to use every bit of power granted to a President of The United States to absolve yourself and your thug cronies of your crimes against the American People that you have, with no doubt, committed. You Bash the people tasked with enforcing the law. SAD
People need to wake up to facts....
if you get involved people will march in #resistance in numbers you'll NEVER see in your lifetime supporting you.
They call it protecting the institution. We call it a cover up. Either way if they have nothing to hide release the info. This is about protecting the exposure of false charges against Trump and Associates. #DeepState
Lol you have the nerve to talk about unequal justice. 
How about you stand up for equal justice for all races not just the ones you like.
You seem scared 
This tweet proves this fuckblob has no idea WTF he's doing. He is not the president of the United States. He is the president of the scrambled state of his mind. He has no respect or understanding of the office he hijacked. This tweet is blaring proof of that. He PLANS 2 OBSTRUCT
But tell us how you REALLY feel! ;)
Lol, MAGAs are upvoting me, thinking I'm laughing at you!
What a brilliant lot! They must be full of new bots by now!
What are YOU afraid of is the bigger question-you must think we are stupid if you don’t realize we see right through your blustering. Just be a man and answer the questions. You are guilty and you can’t bully your way out of this! #Resign
Do it
You mean, when you are finally backed into a corner, you’ll have no choice but to commit even more crimes?
Absolutely
Well done on the North Korean deal looks like we have some Americans coming home. Love ya and need ya.
Just because you say it over and over again Donnie, doesn't make it true.
Fire the whole filthy bunch!!
Fire them, Mr. President, starting with Rosenstein.  If Sessions still won't pull himself together, fire him next.  They're both hiding behind Mueller.
What are YOU so afraid of?
You absolutely should! It’s time the Washington goons start doing their job instead of obstruct. And while your at it you should sue mueller. #DrainingTheDeepState #letsgetloud #FireMueller
Do it now!

What are you so afraid of?  If you’re innocent you have nothing to hide, right?  You should welcome the investigation.
Do it Sir! You must do what you must do to protect this great country!  
#MAGA
#KAG2020
We’ve got your back! #SupportPOTUS
Poor baby. You’re just scared to be interviewed by Mueller. Grow a pair.
are you remotely aware- the DOJ never "shares" investigations while they are ongoing-remember you declined to share your tax records because of an "ongoing audit" you act as if ignorance was a virtue
So, it's a problem for Congress to not turn over documents. But you had no problem not turning over your tax returns the way that most presidents have done.
You won’t answer questions for Muller, your innocent, just do it
Just keep it up...youve almost got enough rope......
TRUMP you need to sit back.. Get involved .. Really. You have no authority...in this matter.. Fire R.M. bigly mistake.. IMPEACHMENT is on the way!!! You will be a dummy President.every thing you do ... Everything you say will fall on deaf ears...GET OUT!!!!!
He will snowflake ,  at the end of his 2nd term !
Ha ha ha , there won't be a completion of the fish term!!! What are you getting out of this administration? Tell me when you get to golf, dine, fly, etc on anyone else's dime? Don't allow for your intelligence to continue to be comprised! He is playing victim! Sad sad sad!
You’re threatening a coup.
What are you afraid of??
You’re not scaring anyone with your impotent threats of “getting involved.”
Definitely not.  I hope he does it.  I hope this dinkus makes the obstruction of justice charges against him so overwhelmingly undeniable that even the GOP can't defend or deny it anymore.
Jesus, what's it going to take?
You'd think we'd have hit that tipping point long before now, so...
One blood clot. That's all I ask.
Suanne!! 
What?! I’m just saying what everyone’s thinking!
It's why I follow you. #HereForIt 
Go for it and bots will be blocked!
So says the #Bot #fakefollowers
Release the video. I bet they turn then. If they don't, send them to gitmo! We don't need them or want them here. They not of any use or service to the people,anyways. We the people, are really tired of them, anyways! We won the game already.I say gitmo to them all! Maxine 1st.
Lowest denominator is you
Trump in 2020! Liberal Democrats are a disease! Trump is the cure!
A lot of bots! Gone!
Calling me a bot!?! Lmao , stupid a@@!
They are afraid Devin Nunes will immediately hand all of the investigation documents over you and your surrogates, allowing you to cover up any loose ends you discover they might be nearing and also help your defense.
Also: some content is redacted because not everyone in Congress has the appropriate clearance level. For someone so concerned about leaking classified information when it hurts you, you're awfully willing to ignore it when it benefits you.
If they were all as open as you are, you know. You don’t keep us in the dark, but they are full of darkness. We have your back POTUS. We love you and our beautiful FLOTUS. We love our VPOTUS GOD BLESS
All I can say is...Amen!
Absolutely sister in Christ 
Amen
The POTUS should not be deciding what is the law and what is not, especially when s/he does not know the law.  Any action against the DoJ for following the law and Constitution would be despotic 
unconstitutional behavior.
Uh yeah! The thing is, the #DOJ & #FBI have not been following the #CONSTITUTION which is the basis for the law of this land!! They & #LIBERALJUDGES have been using their positions to try to unseat the #DULYELECTEDPRESIDENT cause all of U R still crying over the #2016election!
Just be mindful you don’t get yourself catching a case with all that you’ve be doing & you are about to do Remember Keep in mind America is not your Kingdom & you’re not a king. Every rule applies to ya, you’re not above the law. 1 more thing “Miss Karma” is heading your way.
flint still doesn't clean drinking water.  maybe help these americans first and then worry about yourself?
Why are you so concerned?  It’s not that they don’t want to turn it over, it’s that @DevinNunes will inform you of what’s on it so you can lie even more #ImpeachTrumpNow #VoteNunezOut #VoteGOPOut #BlueTsunami2018 #BlueWave2018
A leveraged system can be unleveraged.  Money-Power-Control...played by County, State or other to feed their people... big pharma, foreign country and their family or even intelligence leverage may be the tool...  Good luck President Trump. Sin tax Hillary and Comey for us!
You rigged the whole election so what are you talking about..You shouldn't even be sitting in the Whitehouse
You’re GUILTY as sin and the majority of Americans (those of us with half a brain anyway) know it. #ImpeachTrump #LockHIMup #DirtyDon #CheatersNeverProsper and you will get yours. #MuellerTime
Go Donald
Hmmm...not wanting to turn over documents...where have I heard that before?

Oh, right...you promised to release your taxes, but didn’t.

U  crashed A private affair on Maddison&54th some time ago and I had he pleasure of watching as u were MADE to leave. U, screaming we were jealous of ur big brain and money. Psycho.Where are you going to go when you have to vacate the house you live in now..RESIGN NOW
Mr. President, we know the media and the entire system is against you, but worry not - the American people will not allow these corrupt criminals to take our country away from you.
I cant say it enough! Omg i double dog dare ya! (Figured middle school talk may work better for trump to understand ;) ) come on, please, beg u to try somethin, it will be the end of u quicker than #TheResistance anticipates! Lmao And itd help #mueller n team #BIGLY! Lmfao

We are with you ALL way.
What are you afraid of? .#RussiaGate #RussiaInvestigation #CrookedTrump
this is yet another example of your ignorance.  The justice does NOT give out info on ONGOING investigations.  PERIOD.  If you were smart, you'd KNOW this.
NO PRESIDENT IS ABOVE THE LAW YOU ARE NOT A RULER YOU ARE A PUBLIC SERVANT YOU WORK FOR US AND WE CAN FIRE YOU #TrumpResign #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
Please  do it soon. You give them an inch and they will take a mile!
Trumpsters still believe in Trump but those close enough don't want to be associated. It's not B/C they're old, or spending more time with family, just covers for "I'm getting the F outta this ship!"
Mr. President, please end this inquisition. It is past time. 
Rep Nunes leaked info to you, POUTUS, even though your campaign was supposed to be under his Cmttee's investigation.
He leaked to the press, using a hoax he made up about Susan Rice.
He leaked Sen. Warner's texts.
Why would the FBI help him leak more?
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
How about you just try to tell the truth for a change
With a tweet like this, today would be a good day for the @POTUS to release his tax returns; after all, what does he have to be afraid of...
Your daily reminder
You really shouldn't hold back your feelings like that Debra 
This rigged system you speak of has been instituted by you and yours. Acting outside the law is a travesty and citizens are not accepting it. We want you held accountable, just as almost any other person would have been forever ago. You are not above the law. No person is.
Screenshot again. Since tweet erased, again!
ITS AN ONGOING INVESTIGATION INTO YOUR CRIMES DOTARD YOU ARE NOT ABOVE THE LAW
Folks let's justice do its job. Mr. President if you're innocent then take the stand. You have gotten out of worse lawsuits. Remember you said it first about pleading the 5th.
Mr. President, we humbly beg you to NEVER allow Mueller to ask you ANYTHING. He is a horribly corrupt enemy of America and YOU.  I wouldn't allow the criminals to question your integrity.  Raid them all in the we hours of the morning using the might of the Military.
You keep your grubby mitts off DOJ, moron, or you will find the full force of the federal courts faking on your head. You are NOT a dictator or an emperor. You are subject to the law, as we all are.
Why does @EPAScottPruitt keep lying to Congress? Why has he not been charged? Why do you keep lying about @StormyDaniels ? Miss Universe hotel stay? Your health report? Using racial slurs? Whitefish contract? Carl Icahn? Money laundering?...
Your lawyer admitted you paid a porn star hush money after you lied about it @realDonaldTrump.
Yes, NOW, please!!!!!
As the noose tightens and your crimes begin to surface, what else CAN you do? You can’t just sit idly by and let it happen! Must you take desperate and further illegal action to try to prevent it? This just adds another noose. Here’s an idea... #RESIGN
We all know that if you “get involved”, it’ll be to save yourself. We also know that you’re terrified of a Mueller interview. Chickenshit.
No worries - you won't be president much longer!
Rudy Giuliani should be Attorney General!!!
 Hammer them hard, Mr. President! We the people are absolutely enraged by this BS behavior! #MAGA #KAG 
You love your country? Don’t throw it into a constitutional crisis. For ONCE in your life, do the right thing for your country, and not the usual, vindictive and mean thing for your empty shell of a soul.
If God changes hearts and prayers lift up souls what are you waiting to start praying. Maybe your heart would change and make you a honest man. A man with some scruples. Cause you fill your mouth with God, but your heart is empty of him. Stop using the name of God in bane!
Why are you not sitting down with Mueller? What are you afraid of?
This is all bullshit from Trump he wants to obstruct justice and he has no idea what the rule of law even is. He is a total snake in the grass.
YOU ARE SO GUILTY
Any comments on Rudy’s talk from yesterday. I see your chaotic Cabinet has but off more than he can chew.
Why are you afraid to turn over your taxes?
Speaking of turning over documents, when are you going to show us your tax returns, Mr. President?
Show us your tax returns for the last 5 yrs. What you hiding lying about an audit. BS. No audit. You "redacted" your returns. btw/ what you going to do with the affair with Karen McDougle? Lie about that also? Lower than snake slime you are.
Why don't you turn over your documents? Your tax documents for the American public to see? What are YOU afraid of?
I think it's time, Mr President...They're hiding the facts that prove they ALL conspired to take down our candidate & then our fairly elected President.
You should have from the very beginning. Every day you wait is more evidence destroyed and covered up.
What a Putz! this crap isnt doing you any good. I can’t wait till you get the justice you and America deserves
Maybe you should ask your bosses what you should do
Ummmmm then why not turn over your Tax returns?? What do you have to hide? Fixed it!
We will urge impeachment or vote you out.
Dear Trump Follows, Please know #Trump  & @GOP are lying to you. They have been given huge amounts of money by NRA &  BIG business to manipulate working class people. They don't care who or what they destroy, not the planet or democracy. Don't let them fool you. #ThursdayThoughts
Unclassify all of them.
What are YOU afraid of trump? YOU keep LYING 24/7! When are YOU going to STOP YOUR LYING? You have set a bad example for your children! Who the hell would want to look up to YOU! A CORRUPT Potus? SHAME ON YOU Trump!
Why do you put justice in quotations?  Justice is not a euphemism
http://Really.how  about your taxes
 Quit your bitching and do your job.
#Resign #BigBlueRising coming your way. Save us from having to #ImpeachTrump
Gee, maybe because it’s against the law? The requested documents are part of an ongoing investigation and therefore are not for release except to a defense attorney during discovery. The attempt by a few Rs to disrupt the chain of evidence is obstruction.
Go Get'em President Trump #MAGA
If you are the SUBJECT of an investigation you don't get to direct traffic for the investigation.  You have to be insane to think that's a rational or logical idea.  John Gotti would like to have directed the US Attorney too.  Probably would not have been convicted.
There's so much redacting because it's an open investigation sleepy brained Trump.
SO.
MUCH.
WINNING.

#SideShow
Their name is all over it. Rosenstein is up to his eyeballs in it and doesn't want to be outed. He is as conflicted as Mueller in this case and should have recused himself long ago.
The documents are in the control of the DOJ.  You control the DOJ as the leader of the executive branch.  Make them send the documents.
Do it  Mr. President and if they try to throw you out call up the militia 30 million people will be there To protect this country and to protect the president
@realDonaldTrump, just walk over there with a handful of marines, call in the top peoples’ assistants and order them to download the “requested” information on external drives and turn it all over to Congress! They work for you, right? (Would make for intense TV!)
It’s your system. BTW The system, the constitution and rule of law make us the great democracy that we are, the shining beacon the world looks to. There’s no rigging at all.
Where are your tax returns?
THEY ARE EATING YOU ALIVE! MAYBE YOU DON'T GIVE A SHYT! WAKE-UP
AND SMELL THE COFFEE! I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW NAIVE YOU ARE OF ALL
PEOPLE!!!
Obstruction of Justice is not exactly the special power you are looking for!
@GOP: #ImpeachTrump
#ComplicitGOP
#TrumpRussia
#treason
#OperationRelentlessJustice
#ArrestChargeHang
#jenga
THIS IS TRULY SICKENING THAT #SESSIONS DOESN'T UNRECUSE HIMSELF N FIRE BOTH #ROSENSTEIN N #MUELLER N KEEP SOME DIGNITY IN THE #DOJ. #RUDYGIULIANI SAID ON #Hannity LAST NIGHT HE'S  SICK & ASHAMED THAT HE DIDN'T TAKE AG JOB WHEN #POTUS OFFERED IT 2 HIM. HE SAID THIS WOULD NOT
You are the president, you can order them however you want them.
Could ask you the same about your tax returns.  What are you afraid of us learning?
https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/838429708777738241?s=21 … WE THE PEOPLE”AMERICAN CITIZENS”bow n Grateful 4Gods divine intervention 11/8/16 4R enlightened Pres Trump working 4 We The People gov 1 nation under”GOD”by the people 4 life liberty prosperity & equal justice 4allGBA
WE THE PEOPLE UNITED UNDER GOD  EANASEC 4 JUSTICE & FREEDOM FROM CAREER CORUPT NARCISSISTIC POLITICO MILLIONAIRE N R GOV. 
NO...HERE'S THE "RIGGED SYSTEM": ( and why Putin keeps telling you to keep calling all 'rigged" ). Rich, entitlement class, lazy, hedonistic, billionaire trust fund brats, like you Trump, get away with any crimes, like sexual assaults, with KKK daddy's shyster lawyers like Cohn.
1,2 Muellers coming for you 3,4 you can’t hide any more 5,6 you are a piece of shit 7,8 you will bust hell’s gate 9,10 you will not win  #Muellertime, #Stormy #Trumpisanidiot
Why wont you turn over your tax documents?  

What are you afraid  of?

Why did you steal documents from your doctor's office?

What are you afraid of?
Mr. President, why did you lie to the American people about everything? That’s the only question needing to be answered.
Please stop tweeting and run the country. You spend so much time defending your actions.  We the people are not stupid. I won’t hate on anyone but are you marketing your “Trump” product or being our president?
Wake up sleepers. This is the greatest PsyOp theatre and ur missing it. The Witch Hunt is true but the Witch is not Trump. Mueller has been leveraged. He's hunting the Real witch and Dems are playing right into it. GLORIOUS
Let’s get it on!  They’ve got nothing on Trump.  What leverage do they have?  He should clean house once & for all & let a judge sort it out.  This whole thing is an deep state, political attack on Trump & should not be tolerated.
Why not release your tax returns? What are YOU hiding?
Well let's see.. Have you turned over your income taxes yet??
YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS STUFF UP. ITS BEEN SCRIPTED. #ROSENSTEIN TELLS #TRUMP TO FIRE #COMEY. HE DOES. WITH #ROSENSTEIN HELP #COMEY LEAKS DOCS TO PROFESSOR GIVING #ROSENSTEIN THE AMMO NEEDED TO HIRE THE NO FBI DIRECTOR JOB FOR U #MUELLER. THEN #Sessions #ROSENSTEIN SIT BCK W POPCORN
Use ur POWER AND HAVE NO MERCY! PRESIDENT TRUMP U GOT THIS!
Fire @jeffsessions ! Replace him with Rudy Giuliani, trey Fowdy and Jason Chafetz
And at some point #45 will no longer hold the office of POTUS and the world will breathe a sigh of relief.
How many indictments now? How many people cooperating with the special counsel? How many pleas?
Try it and see what happens - you'll go to prison sooner rather than later.
WANNABE DICTATOR!
#LockHimUp #ImpeachTrump #trumpRussia #DeathPenaltyForTreason
Are you talking about documents like tax returns?
A bigger and better question is: what are YOU afraid of? I know, I know..rhetorical question.   you are a thug but the law will catch up with you.
Why is Donnie flipping out? 

Not only did Rudy rat out his hush money payment,  but also,  there's this.
BREAKING: At least one phone call between a phone line associated with Cohen and the White House was intercepted during the wiretap
Trump! Use all the power u got against these injustice PEOPLE!! U got da power use it! And have no mercy!
We will withdraw our consent and you will fall.  It really is as simple as that.
Military tribunals and capital punishment for the lot of em'

And for ALL of the elected and non-elected asshats who are supposed to, but do NOT represent the people of this republic 
#TERMLIMITS #Termlimits #TERMLIMITS #Termlimits #TERMLIMITS #Termlimits #TERMLIMITS #Termlimits
Sounds familiar!  Trump doesn't want to turn over his taxes, doesn't want Cohen's records revealed, doesn't want to appear before the Special Counsel.  WHAT IS HE AFRAID OF? WHY SO MUCH DODGING AND DEFLECTING?
Being a law abiding citizen doesn’t go away when you become president. #LiarInChief #dirtypresident #lawlessswamp
#RexSaidItBest
I think the president needs to do what’s necessary for the country without pause. These are false allegations and everyone knows it. These people needs to be fired.
release your tax returns...what are you afraid of?
Afraid of you and crooked Nunes using the data in your next attack of the justice dept
The time is now.  Fire the DOJ.  You are the boss.  Rid yourself of the traitors.  Please Mr. President.  Americans are sick of it,  Show them who the BOSS is.  Not the Clinton Cartel. You are the POTUS.
Rosenstein is hiding his own criminal acts! That’s the only thing that makes sense. This is a Deep State plan to try and impeach Trump. Let’s let our President concern himself with the Nations governing not this BS!
What does “get involve mean?” Fire Mueller? Go ahead, expedite your impeachment. You’re stupid, but you’re not that stupid. U should try calming down; you’re only showing how desperate u are. Soon u will have to admit everything, not just Stormy Daniels...
If justice was equal-Mueller investigation had to uncover evidence backing the confirmed facts of the Russian connection to the HRC campaign But yet it is ignored-I have no problem if POTUS faces equal justice-The facts are undisputable n any who ignore are not looking 4 justice
You are trying to use congress as a substitute for the discovery process. That, sir, is totally inappropriate and unconstitutional. So, 
I blame your ego for being a million x higher than your self esteem. It's not about you. It's always been about protecting our democracy, which many of us cherish above ANY man or ideology. #Resist
Your good friend Rudy Giuliani outed you as a liar last night on Fox and Friends, we've always have known what a liar you are, and one of your best friends just proved it. #Basta #LockTrumpUp  #BloodOnYourHands
Thought the @GOP ALREADY concluded THEIR investigation in Trump/Russia ?   Found Nothing...LOL.   

How many GOP will/have quit or resigned?
A rigged system-You don't want to turn over documents to citizens /taxes & documents to Mueller. What are you afraid of? Why so much lying? Why so much unequal following of laws? At some point we will have no choice but to use the powers granted to us by the constitution.
What are you afraid of?

I thought we were counter punching putting clinton and Hussein I’m Gitmo
