Make sure you stop by Flint,  Michigan and drink some of their wonderful water. 
Take some rolls of paper towels to throw at them. It's your best schtick.
Enjoy hiding from the WH press dinner. You are too cowardly to face the real press anyway.
Great interview on @foxandfriends!
Why didn't Obama fix the water issue. It all started on his watch
The fix started under Obama but the GOP majority fought him all the way. Just like now but currently that uncaring moron,  Trump is in charge.
Started under obama.  Nothing happened for eight years.... trumps fault. 
If only you used facts.  Keep trying.
If only you undersood google  Obama 2008-2016... crisis begins in 2014. Obama waits till January of 2016 to  sign emergency declaration.  Trump not president until January 20, 2017 and according to liberals it’s Trumps fault.  Never let a good catastrophe go to waste 
President Obama had to wade thru the obstructionist @GOP majority. He started the work, Trump is dragging his feet on it and MI gov. Is really killing it.
It's not Trump's fault but it is trump's problem. He can't ignore it like he is Puerto Rico.
It’s not trumps fault but every third tweet is blaming him.  Maybe if the democrat controlled city of flint would have made better decisions....

All great things! No one ever believed North Korea could be solved. All it took was a pair of balls and a man who wrote “The Art of the Deal”.
He had nothing to do with what's going on in North Korea and South Korea
He had everything thing to do with it. Took a President with balls to do the job.
Says the bot with 0 followers.  How's the weather in St. Petersburg today, comrade?
Weather is great but the Vodka is even better.
I just joined Twitter you can’t have all the fun
Trump loves fools like you
Typical Liberal can’t debate so you all resort to name calling.
Thank you President Trump
  Every time I hear you speak, I stand up my den, I praise God for you, I salute you out of respect for you and your family's sacrifice.
Seriously girl.   You need help.

WITCH
Our number 1 President...Thankyou for being our President. 
Right now the Democratic Socialist/Hitler wanna be leaders are in PANIC MODE!!! LOLLOLLOLLOL
#MMGA!
That will be tough to watch.
Michigan has bad water.  Fix this!!!!
Go get em Mr. President!
Love Trump and the new Secretary of Dragons...
.@KanyeWest do this is if you ever run into Obama... 
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP   
Oh good cause the last time you went on Live T.V you proved to the world what an unhinged sensitive little child you really are Can't wait to see how you screw this one up.... Which we all know you will
Who cares
Reading from a teleprompter? Or will you speak unhinged?
Gonna talk about #JamesShawJr? Gonna talk about #Flint? Or just more divisive, rambling, dishonest, undignified bullshit? Let me guess.
#POTUS  #ReleaseTheMessages . #MAGA. #NoRedactions  #TheGreatAwakening #prayForKanye. #Qanon
Also on TV: White House Correspondents dinner.  Which you are too much of a coward to face.  Sending @PressSec  Sanders?  C’mon Donnie, put your big boy tightie whities on.  I heard there is chocolate cake.
I can't wait to see the greatest President in the history of America tonight. I Love watching the rallies. Trump number one.
Looking forward to the WH correspondents dinner tonite. Have loved it since Obama slammed you there several years ago. And you sat there glum faced, wanting to kill him. Instead, you killed his good works. SAD
Impeachment....
Wandering around a fawning crowd on TV is not leadership. The work to keep a state solvent is hard & complex. 
Your insecurity & laziness are limitless.

What does it look like when it pours jobs? I must be missing something.
Go ahead a pour yourself a big glass of tap water
We'll be watching another channel listening to a rally of people honestly and openly LAUGHING about you..#StableGenius
How about helping them fix their water so no more children’s die or get poisened? You did get votes in to take care of our citizens even though Russians are more important to you.
#Michigan
Only Fascist Dictators rally for no reason.
Good time to release those taxes.
You have no clue.  And we don’t want you

Will you be addressing Flints water problems
Will you please use a different adverb? Pouring is getting old.
Lol. What a joke you are.
More wasted tax payer money to make you feel useful.
Another skinhead event?
Wish I could go! Would love to meet you! !
What a pathetic, insecure loser you are
Russian bot
Oh dear, here we go with the  crazy, tin foil hat "Russian bot" conspiracy theory again. LOL 

I’d rather give myself a colonoscopy
Has water in Flint been fixed, yet?..
Happened during Obama’s watch.
For every claim that it’s Obama’s fault there are 20 facts to debunk it. For once it would be great for a MAGAt to actually think before making false claims.
So, how’s it Trump’s fault?
This particular tweet had nothing to do with trump. Are you that dumb?
Wish i could go
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
That was Hillary

If you used the motivation you had for your cause doing something else than trolling twitter and posting awful political memes, you might actually make a difference.
You're The One Trolling Twitter And Can't Accept The Facts That YOUR PRESIDENT IS UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
MICHIGAN HATES TRUMP!!
But, but you're a CIA agent. Lol
Isn't it a CYA agent?
??
I was talking about Trump.
I very much look forward to not watching that.
I don't have any audio, but here's a photo of it...
Umm The auto industry is getting CREAMED in Mich under your MAGA agenda.  Auto sales down 8% up 10% under Obama.  Mich is leaking Jobs like a cracked dam.  GOP Governorship and your Presidency is KILLING Mich..
You know nothing about MI especially under the great leadership of Gov Rick Snyder. Do you remember when former DEM Gov Jenny Granholm put MI in near bankruptcy (like Detroit went) and bond ratings fell? Along comes a non politician Rick Snyder and gets the state out of debt!
....and here is the impeachment crowd....
Yes - Michigan needs your help.  Also stop Nestle from stealing our water to put in plastic bottles.  I know you have a million battles you are facing....but this needs to be looked at.  Corporate corruption, they paid $200 fee to drain Michigan lakes.  Smell stinky fish. Help!
I heard that there was a huge water problem in flint michigan and i live in texas. I would be very impressed if you oversaw fixing that problem
Looks like the Democratic machine has turned on their robots and not free thinkers.  Losers and whiners.
Dear @realDonaldTrump: US auto sales dropped 8%; Ford is shedding most of its car lineup; and GM is cutting 1,500 jobs. 
But I'm super excited you're doing another unhinged #MAGA rally. While it's tough to watch too much of your toxic rallies, they do energize Dems. Thank you.
Loved it. Great speech.  I am Proud to be an AMERICAN ! #MAGA
有中国人吗？
"I watched, it’s a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could".
You are the best man
Who’s getting married??
Stop the Germans from bringing their cars to USA higher taxes on German cars
@realDonaldTrump is disgusting with all of the lies & misinformation he spread in Michigan. He doesn't know JACK  about Californians & when he says the U.S. has the WORST laws, he dishonors EVERY SOLDIER WHO HAS FOUGHT for the FREEDOMS our laws give us all. What a vile man!
Does the thought of being honest EVER cross your mind?

Dear @realDonaldTrump: US auto sales dropped 8%; Ford is shedding most of its car lineup; and GM is cutting 1,500 jobs. 

But I'm super excited you're doing another unhinged #MAGA rally.…
#liar
Hope your not thirsty while you’re there....
Go Lions, Tigers, Pistons, and Wings!!
Those auto companies are going to tank if you keep up the tariff nonsense.
Story out on YouTube right now about how James clapper was the guy behind the Russia dossier. Leaked to the press. Sure you’re on this right now. This is a major political crime in this country isn’t it? To try to frame you to Stop you from being president! Wow. Use the military.
You were great as usual!
President Donald J. Trump please president of Nigeria is evil Man
@realDonaldTrump - Spanky quit spending our money traveling around bragging about how you beat Hillary (but lost majority vote)
He’s going to scout locations for a new hotel ....
Make sure to swing through Flint and have a few glasses of their water, douchebag.
LIES..LIES AND MORE LIES...how about flint?
Release the texts and draft emails
One way to see it, 3/4 of America loathes narcissistic pathological lying, obstruction of justice, corrupt Trump & FML. USA is vunerable, as we lack a knowledgeable president.

Please drink the water.
All lies by Trump.
Wish I could be on live TV , talking about one of my books . But I don’t have the money 
So do I.
what Harm would my Marijuana Vape have done to the old man! Instead the Secreet Sorvice wanted for themselves! Yeah right!
Thank you Mr. President for not attending the White House correspondents dinner. Just an absolutely disgraceful event. No one from your administration should have to endure they’re obscene insults!!
Idiot.
Perhaps consider staying there?
Vous êtes un génie
Stop campaigning on taxpayers money! Give Flint a check while you're there!
The media president.  Such a disappointment.

Thanks Obama!
Bet they are not  looking forward to seeing you?  Are you Michigan?
All those jobs created you're saving for your H2B visas you're going to hand out.  MAKE MEXICO EVEN GREATER.   That should be your next campaign slogan.
Don’t you mean those companies he is going to save by approving the additional h2b visas. And it’s far from a case of “handing” them out. There is very strict criteria to follow for the company to be even eligible for the program
I mean. Michigans alright. Its not great. But it’s alright. It’s not like the top 10 need to visit states before I die type state. But it ain’t the worst like Delaware or Ohio. Those bum ass states.
And of course clean water....oh wait, that's not your job.

What jobs are pouring into Michigan?  You are lying.
#MakingAmericaGreatAgain 
I think your tweets are to remind you what you’re currently lying about. #fire
#lmao #moron #liar
HUGE disappointment and FAILURE!
Looking forward to you doing the prep walk
No, the auto companies sales are down and they are firing people. You are just making this crap up. You do us all a dreadful disservice to tell lies all the time.

Commenting on the crowd size in advance now. Sounds legit.
To be fair there are probably a good 450 people there
You unmitigated pratt.
President Trump did his best, He loves working class people and fit right in.
How many lies will you tell. I hope someone is counting.
hmmm....would those be the auto companies that Obama saved with a bailout?  Funny how they wouldn't exist if it weren't for him refusing to let them fall into bankruptcy.
Should come back to Kansas.
I watched.  Always, happy to hear that we will no longer sign, for a 1 billon dollar building that can be built for 300k.  That’s one that surly needs to die.  For years they have sold us down the river.  Thank you. #Singlemom

More lies.  Ask the people at Carrier - they believed you and now they are unemployed
Process the asylum seekers, all 200 before your White House ends up in federal court or international court for violating federal and international laws.
The great state of Michigan that poisoned it's own people. Great place for a Trump rally!
Auto companies doing what now?
We’re good. 
Why did you capitalize "State"?  Oh wait, I know.  You don't know how the english language works.
Michigan deplorable here  Me President 
I dream of the day you go away. Isn't there a golf ball you need to find. It's off the the right side of the tee box in the long grass .. keep looking... and leave us alone, please!
Who else had big rallies?

Looking forward to your eventual impeachment and or resignation and hopefully incarceration.  In the meantime, FLINT MICHIGAN STILL DOES NOT HAVE SAFE DRINKING WATER.  #BlueWave2018

Kind of like Ford??? Great expansion there.  WRONG
Loved it President Trumpgreat speech 
You’re the best! God bless you sir please open up the marijuana industry for the small businessman. Thank you so much
You're a real braggart, aren't you? You aren't as great as you think.
Part of you oath of office is to “ defend the Constitution of the U S”. The free press is part of the Constitution!!!   STOP with the fake news BS  You are destroying confidence in the press— which I’m sure is your aim—-but it is wrong !!
It is him aim.  Right out of the Nazi playbook.
Afraid to have dinner at your own house?
Poor Michigan.

30 thousand capacity arena and only 5 thousand showed up! Losing your mind and base!
Not so big crowd..lol

Great success last night in Washington Michigan !!!!
America paying $80 a barrel for oil during the largest debt cycle in our history should give you magats a clue.  China has American carmakers producing electric cars at record levels in China...you should think about what jobs will be left for you in the future.
Good way to use your verbs in such great ways . Pouring , expanding . When real ppl are effected by these so called jobs pouring into any state make sure our pay is directly given to us and not the CEO’s for hush money . It’s time the 1% pay it forward to the real working class
What about Flint? What about Flint Water? But you LOVE Michigan...yeah ok
Mention anything about Flint? Didn't think so.
Auto companies announcing production cut backs and Trump once again lies the exact opposite. Can't make this shit up. Wake up people!!
"Read my lips, uh fingers, uh lies".
Dear @realDonaldTrump: US auto sales dropped 8%; Ford is shedding most of its car lineup; and GM is cutting 1,500 jobs. 

But I'm super excited you're doing another unhinged #MAGA rally. While it's tough to watch too much of your toxic rallies, they do energize Dems. Thank you.
Plenty of michiganders can't stand you, stay the hell out of here please.
President Trump bringing business back to this country. Trump supporter @EricKuvykin
I'd rather watch a re run of honey boo boo higher IQ lower ego then you.
I wish Sarah Sanders had gone with you!


They don’t even have drinkable water a d you are not doing anything to help them, just tooting your own bullhorn again.
Yeah, it's too bad Obama didn't fix that during his administration. Pretty pathetic.
Speaking of things pouring into Michigan,
So I snatched my dope back from the Sucker Service! Left the venue and got drunk! That’s what the real American peeps do!
#FixATrumpTweet #Drumpf #Trump #UnnecessaryStatusUpdate 
Is it because of the Mueller investigation? #MuellerInvestigation #Mueller
ماشاءالله
Hater hate, while WINNERS WIN.
Lordstown GM Plant in Ohio to cut 1500 jobs. SAD.
Seriously?????

Mr Trump, in this country the President isn't our ruler & we aren't his subjects. And the he is not above the law but subject to it.
You have been misusing your power to attack private citizens. And this alone is an impeachable offense. Eventually even the GOP will realize this.
They are s happy you left.
Scizoid conventions seem popular wherever you go. Guess it's the shared fantasies and delusions that bind you Coo Coo for Coco Puffs together.
You are the #Juicero of US presidents. 

#Trump #DonaldTrump #PresidentDonaldTrump #POTUS45 #PresidentTrump #DisastersThatDefyComprehension #HowAboutYouDrinkTheFlintWater #Ugh
a man who mocks the disabled.
Really good how about getting those people some fucking water
Brilliant, Draining the worldwide swamp!
you mean like ford going to China?  resign
F-YOU nancy obvious you Cant Understand Normal Thinking!
... in you. And we demand that you use that power to serve us & do so in a manner that we can all get behind, not just those who are pledging their undying love to you.
The National Debt has exploded while more & more Americans are falling through the ever widening cracks that...
We don't give a damn for the whole state of Michigan
#LiarinChief
Noticed the all white alt right crowd! Losers!
