xd
No they don't, please stop lying. thanks
.

Dude, check your punctuation in your meme. Geesh
Witch hunt will go on.  That's all they got
Mueller isn't done with HIS investigation, yet. I don't trust your cronies or their report. Also, you're not out of the woods with Michael Avenatti yet or with your fixer. So you can repeat this all day every day ,it stills means nothing and makes you look guilty.
How about CONSPIRING with Russia to commit crimes against the United States?  #ConspiritorPOTUS
As long as Mueller keeps finding witches, it will continue.
Put him in an orange jump suit and send him to GITMO where he can spend times and me.ories with the rest of the traitors

China's new cyber security law, China's Apple iCloud data will all be moved to China. The United States should also issue similar laws and regulations. All Chinese social software data in the United States can only remain in the United States. Otherwise, the app will be removed.
Fire Sessions NOW and someone with balls! DOJ needs a clean sweep.
If any1 colluded w/ Russia SHE was probably doublecrossed!
Yes collusion. Yes obstruction. Yes impeachment. Yes conviction. Yes removal from office.
Sorry, that’s not happening. Not to Trump anyway.
Support our President.

No
A witch just for you. If you’re nice, maybe she might pee pee on you
Donald. I stood for GOP/ USMC and our friendship with Congressman Eric Swalwell last Saturday. He has a big heart just like you do Donald. Both of you are very good men. TYFG

Dave Maroni
San http://Ramon.Ca .
President Trump, the truth is now surfacing and the stench of your opponents is nauseating. Please do not allow them to get in the way of your progress and achievements on behalf of Americans. God bless you!
Ive heard you say NO COLLUSION so many times I could puke.  It leads me to believe there was.
Watch the adage in use:  “The more often you tell a lie, the more it looks like truth”. I have higher expectation of my president than repeated lying with the intent to turn it into truth.....

YOU leaked to Russia!
And YOU believe everything you read.
You can’t call someone a liar but say you will build a wall and not @realDonaldTrump
YES .BUT WE KNOW YOU BY YOUR ENEMIES.  NO WORRIES  WE WIN.
We know when U R #Lying Bcause your lips R moving. U R the #WorstPresidentEver & have made US Laughing stock of the world. U & #ProfligatePruitt & your whole family, Flynn, Cohen R going 2 jail. U cannot #Pardon crimes committed by those who R #complicit/#accessory 2 your crimes.
It was at your Congressional GOP advocates' insistence that DOJ (run by your appointees) released it.
No innocent person would yell "No collusion" with compulsive regularity, & if you don't want to be seen as obstructing, you should stop raving about witch hunts.

Guilty!!!   So guilty!!!
Take away congress's benefits. They have been screwing the citizens and getting away with it for far too long
Will Traitor Paul Ryan and other retirees loose their benefits as prosecution falls upon them?
Not how I read it. Do you have comprehension problems?

Mr. President some part of the CIA is corupt . James  comey is hiding something very inportant about the Clintons that would harm them he really wanted her to win his wife all of his family voted for Clinton he definitely leaked and got paid well for it
Yes,  it will continue.  Next question.
Hey bobo I told my wife the P was for pass  in her car and she tried and blew the tranny
Comey had his 15 minutes of fame now try and convict him being the modern day Benedict Arnold that he is
President Trump, you keep up the good work, do not let that stinky swamp get to you, just keep cleaning out that swamp.
I always have you and your family in prayer. Remember God is good all the time and all the time He is good.
Comey has an ego problem that has affected his ability to determine what is right from wrong.He can not see Evil in the influence of his true duties to avoid its rewards.This man has taken the Obama initiative to protect Hillary at all cost to Americas Equal Justice for all.
Comey should be in Prison.

Yes, until the witch is caught. If you are innocent, prove yourself.
Trump the LIAR IN CHIEF they are coming for you...,
He should not even be there anymore I guess that is what he does because what Else except maybe he doesn't realize there are more serious problems in this country do something to prevent it if did really happen witch hunt
I hope so
They need to let this thing go and get on with life.
yes
Don’t need to look for witch. That’s been established. Just need to get rid of him
Please resign and "this May" all go away
It's too stressful for everyone including you, I'm sick of the news, sick of the unpredictable yet predictable chaos, the unpresidential tweets, the divisions...
Why cannot we the American people bring these miscreants to Justice
I think the word you're looking for is "conspiracy"
It’s over when Mueller says it’s over.....   #getusetoit
Until you are impeached! Yes! Thank God!

Hopefully it'll continue until you're imprisoned -- without a phone!!
Of course it will continue!  The big fat orange Witch is still the President!
Didn’t a few of your team member plead guilty. It’s clearly not a witch hunt if your people have to plead guilty for lying.
Witch Hunt = there's a witch, gather mob, hang the witch.

This is no witch hunt.  This is involving search warrant, judges, prosecutors, witnesses, guilty pleas.  This is a whole other thing.
Sessions needs to take control, or is he like McCain?
This is the real deep state. Entrenched progressives = #hivemind.
No witch hunt. Just good, old-fashioned police work and special prosecutors who don't leak what they know until they have it nicely wrapped up in an air-tight indictment and impeachment. You will see much more than collusion, obstruction + treason.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-keeps-saying-hes-innocent-so-why-does-he-keep-sounding-like-hes-guilty/2018/04/24/c50196be-4712-11e8-9072-f6d4bc32f223_story.html … #RealNews @potus #Russia
Of course it will

please. shut. the. f*ck. up. namaste.
Desperate last fart of a dying corpse
#ImpeachTrumpPence #FireJared

We need to investigate those who are investigating FAKE evidence paid for by Hillary & DNC.  They should go to jail. Why vote if elections are rigged? Obama said the idea was rediculous.
Excessive height such as Comey's, often indicates a genetic predisposition to criminality. It's possible that Comedy is colluding with criminals to indict you.
YES, the witch Hunt will continue until you go to jail where you belong.
Tick tock the Mueller Clock is ONLY heard by the GUILTY
Is it possible you can lie anymore...oh I forgot...YES! YES IT IS POSSIBLE FOR YOU TO LIE MORE!
LOL Don't you just wish that it really said that. Too bad that it doesn't.
But I thought they were all lies? So does this mean there *was* collusion and obstruction?
Because faux news said right?
The truth will come out ..

YOU ARE GOING DOWN!!!  
Investigate and prosecute the narcissist.


you are delusional!!!
We have your back, Mr. President.
None of this is true.
U COLLUDED John BarronI mean skippyI mean Trump
Well, no one can say you're not a good liar salesman - impressive amount of  heart clicks ! But that won't change the indictments coming your way -all the  claims of being very, very  rich won't keep you from facing a  Grand jury proceeding!  
Put a stop to this please.
You continue to say no collusion for the millionth time. No many how many time you say this, tweet this, there is no magical belief that will make it true.
Comey memos have nothing to do w/ proving whether you colluded w/ Russia. That’s what the special counsel is for, dummy.
Comey's memos just help to clarify that Putin has the bigger "button."
Where are you getting this false information?  jk
I hope so. Can’t wait for ur impeachment 
This just in: To Kill a Mockingbird just out and shows clearly that no birds were murdered.
Comey is evil
#peepeetape 2 golden nights in moscow
Oh there's plenty of collusion and obstruction. And it's DNC and HRC all the way down. No deals. No quarter. The People are finished playing games. It's OVER for the globalist scum. Folks can get on board or get run over, but this train is ROLLING!
Untill your gone...yep Americans are seeing you for who you really are a embarrassing president
I say we throw you in a river to see if you're a witch. If you float you're a witch! Typically they would burn the witch at the stake. That would draw huge ratings. The Best ratings. Best wall ratings. Bigley.
Probably as long as you stay on that Bigly broomstick 45.
So ready for the Russia probes to be over. I had Russia Fatigue for months now. Let’s move on and continue to #MAGA!
Actually, they say the opposite.
Sooo much collusion and obstruction. Are you blind too. Everyone knows it and the proof is in the pudding.
He's a Clinton Mafia member --
The thoughtful investigation being run by smart law enforcement officials and attorneys will continue until it's done.
Comey is a lier saying there was No Collusion.  Trump tells us so
If there was no collusion,  why are you so obsessed with the facts!
The “witch hunt” has already secured indictments and guilty pleas!
Comey does not know if there is any collusion or obstruction beause he was fired before he was able to find out. Trump would love to fire Mueller before we learn the truth of the investigation. It is getting close. Only a dictator would fire the person investigating him.
The investigation is not over. Nothing is clear except that you have a lot on your plate.
Yes the WITCH HUNT will continue. 19 WITCHES have been indicted so far.
Make up your mind. You say the memos show "no collusion or obstruction" but yet you say the memos are "lies"
If only all of you haters replying to this were as smart and all knowing as you think you are. I have to laugh.
Hope so
What witch? Stormy? Hope? Melania? Ivanka? Ivana? Liz? Liza? Marina? Marla? Mary?  Jessica? Kristen? Kathy? ...
Is that what @foxandfriends are talking about now. BE QUICK! REWIND! You missed A TALKING POINT!
They WERE later CLASSIFIED. Director Comey did nothing wrong. You will be found guilty of treason. It may take several years, but you will be found guilty of treason against this country.
No matter how times you say “no collusion” it won’t make it not true! The you talk makes you sound even more guilty.
Hi
Which Hunt are you tweeting about?
You forgot #Conspiracy. That’ll be coming down the pike. You’re corrupt. You know you’re corrupt. You’re #Fake You call @Forbes reporter as an imposter to inflate your (weak) wealth. You’re a #Fraud and sadly you know it, but don’t care.
Keep deflecting off of the trouble you’re in, it won’t make it go away...
Let's let Robert Mueller decide that. He may come to a different conclusion.
They show nothing of the sort and in fact show that you LIE about everything! Also, nothing classified here at all.
I hope the witch hunt turns into an exorcism.
انت حيوان ياترامب
It’s CONSPIRACY, knucklehead.  And you most certainly will be found guilty of that.  Screaming “no collusion” in all caps 50 times a day is a technique that doesn’t work on the better-educated among us. Your cultish following are the only ones who swallow that lie.
As long as they keep finding witches, it will.
NO is not its own antonym.
Where JEFF little s whatever is his job all he does is get a Ck I think the dem are paying off go home Jeff  you no help  what does he stand for
No witch hunt. They will catch you and you will be punished
I need a job Mr.  PRESIDENT!
I need a job Mr.  President!

The witch hunt will continue until a progressive democrat gets elected. You destroyed the socialist dream. Thank you for that. You’re my president 
He doth protest to much !!!

You are not a witch and no one is hunting you.
I think maybe you're just a little too obsessed with James Comey. All these tweets...oy...hint: hes just not that into you. #ResignNow
Obviously James Comey is a liar that should be in jail and not promoting himself with that stupid book he wrote.
They will milk the taxpayers for all we're worth! #WitchHunt #Enough
BS BS BS BS BS BS
That's because there was NONE! It took 18 mos for That? Waste of our tax dollars. Love you President Trump. Don't ever give up we need you.
you deserve any wwitch hunt you get.  You may be under the mistaken impression that you are business as usual and that all politicians break laws like you do, or lie and cheat everyone, but it isn't true. And how was golfing while univited to join the past Presidents on Sat?
You sir are on a hunt for credibility.
Right in your back yard POTUS
Classified?  What a delusion. You released them to the public thereby the memos are declassified by default. nim witt. THE MEMOS CLEARLY SHOW YOU LIED AND OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE. YOU MADE YOUR BED NOW YOU HAVE TO LAY IN IT PP BOY!
You aren't a lawyer and you have misread the memos. A legal expert would let you know that there is both evidence of collusion and obstruction of justice
Really, Mr. Trump. I dont believe ANYTHING you say. 
This is NOT fake from my friends in AU GB And CA. They agree that you are an embarrassment  to this ALREADY GREAT Nation!!
We had no doubt!
Not now
So, just to be sure I'm following. The 'leaker liar's' memos say there was NO collusion? The guy YOU are telling us  IS a liar says that there was NO obstruction?   #YourMeltdownIsDelicious
#liar
President Hannity you really need to let this go. It's not worth it.
You are a pawn, to Vlad. Unwittingly aided vlad to hack. Good 4 u.
“I AM EXTREMELY AFRAID OF ROBERT MUELLER!!”
Let’s talk about you and the Russian diplomats.  You and leaks at mar a lago
DONT GIVE UP . KEEP FIGHTING FOR ALL OF US AMERICANS WHO LOVE AMERICA.  MAKE IT GREAT AGAIN ☆☆☆☆☆
Amen , he is the only one in decades that is trying to IMPROVE & PROTECT OUR COUNTRY.  The rest just talk and argue over how and then blame the other party. So yes very thankful the he is in office.
Yep. It will.
you're a hoot!
I hope so!! If I have nothing to hide Trump then why are u so upset??? If u r innocent the results will show that otbid that over ur head ??!!
