Exodus 23:25
“So you shall serve the #Lord your #God, and He will bless your #bread and your #water. And I will take #sickness away from the #midst of you.
#GOD protect our #Nation  #JesusSaves #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus #Saves  #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD is with us  #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 11:14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is #safety.
How’d like you being made the fool on Saturday night?
They made fools of themselves on Saturday night
Those trump supporters sure did!
Trump is your president.  How you doing?
He’s not my President
If you live in the USA he is!
Nope. I’ve lived here all my 72 years and lived under 5 Republican Presidents who although I didn’t agree with  all of their politics I respected them. They were all good men. Not your President.  He has no respect for the people in our country. He also has no idea how to lead.
Why would he. He ran his father's businesses into the ground. He only lies and lies. That worked for him privately, but Mr. Mueller may have provided us with a different outcome. One can only hope.
Open the goddamn borders
Uh, no. I don't my my tax dollars going to support them.
You wouldn't lose a cent.
We have laws in this country. And those laws need to be enforced. There is a right way to come into this country,  they need to be well vetted.
Open the borders & be in partnership with the world.  I believe in a global society. Making the world a better place starts w us.
But Nikki, you have to keep your citizens safe. You just can't let anyone in. You have to know what kind of people these are and if they are going to contribute to the good of America, and not to just get a handout. Also you have to worry about MS-13 members getting across.
I'm not afraid of the world.  I have traveled.  Done mission trips.  Built schools in Mexico. Been to Bali & Dominican. I stand w the poor.
I was in the military, and I have seen evil that disguise themselves as innocent people in order to unleash that evil.
SAD.  Would be really nice to have a President who respects immigrants and doesn’t refer to them as "breeding concept"
U want to give your money to them?
I don’t.  What is wrong with immigrants coming legally?
Try going to Mexico or Canada illegally.   Wake up!
It is pure torture waiting for the removal of the  disgusting, Trump  administration... 
.
Why am I  stupid 
This country let a million Europeans a year in  until the 1940's . They only needed a photo ID. Immigration reform need to  account for a continued healthy relationship with our border allies.
.
CONGRESS MUST APPROVE THE WALL IMMEDIATELY!
Get your very own #MAGA hat, shipping only.

JOIN THE MOVEMENT!

click here now: http://bit.ly/2Cg0sG5 
Democrats have put criminal illegal aliens over American citizens for too long... it’s time for America to wake up and VOTE THEM OUT!
It’s very telling that Dems call criminals “DREAMERS” and ignore the needs of legal citizens...
What's about Americans
          DREAMERS?
AMERICANS NEED TO GET OUT and VOTE-midterms
Making AMERICA GREAT
MAKING AMERICA SAFE
Please don't nuke them.
That would be obama doing nothing to North Korea
Fuck ‘em. Blow them away. Benji’s got this..... lol
Those immigration laws have worked for you. I guess now you are done with them just like all the other people and things you have screwed in your lifetime.
Opinion: Trump was outrageous in Michigan. So where’s the outrage?  Iwant to know what happen to our great countyoh yea it’s notso great with republicans running this place is a terrible placeto live. Gas outrageous rents outrageous foods outrageous living is a massive struggle.
The #MexicanGovernment is in a perfect position to grant #asylum yo all the #CaravanPeople. Aren't they #racist not to take them all in? #millennials #tcot #tlot #ccot #bcot #Democrat #republican
We need tougher immigration laws that we will enforce to stop illegal immigration. At the same time, we should streamline the process to prevent legal immigrants from having to wait years to have a better life. #BuildTheWallNow

‘They need to ENFORCE the subpoenas IMMEDIATELY! The more you WAIT... pretty soon there’ll be an ELECTION ... and the DOJ and the FBI are BANKING on the DEMOCRATS TAKING OVER so all these…
https://twitter.com/donnawr8/status/984896917518905347?s=12 … #MAGA
‘NAH ... BRO. NOT IN MY COUNTRY!’

#MAGA #USA #KAG @greggutfeld 
Democrats have abandoned #DACA
‘DEMOCRATS have TOTALLY ABANDONED #DACA. We get the reputation that DACA is not Republican. It IS REPUBLICAN! We WANT to DO SOMETHING about DACA! It’s very possible that DACA won’t happen &…
#MAGA #America #BuildTheWall
#SanctuaryCities #Immigration #USA #MAGA #America
“We’re cracking down on Sanctuary Cities. ... Because we want our cities to be sanctuaries for law abiding AMERICANS. Not for CRIMINALS.” @POTUS …
Mueller #WitchHunt
#AMERICA #TRUMP #KAG #USA
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS ON FIRE 

He’s calling out #DeepState, #Comey and the LIES of the LEFT!…
#OBAMAGATE #Clapper #USA
U know Mr tester better start thinking about Americans and how much we suffer cos I know of 3 immigrants that r getting more from our government than me and I have worked for 30 years and I am an American
your wife hates you.
Can you libs come up with any sustainable debate other than insults?..
You mean like you just did?
You are correct calling someone a liberal is an insult.
I wear the liberal hat happily. Being called a Republican would be the worst thing. Oh, ick!

How dare u spread such an inhuman lie? The 'caravan' of 150 is politely and legally waiting 4 their claim to be heard. 4 the first time in years, you've withheld any additional help required to process them. You're generating a problem to make a headline.
They are climbing the fence and disappearing dolt.
Really? Wow. When Soros gave me my latest check while in the basement of the pizza place during the recent illuminati secret society meeting, he explicitly told me that they didn't know how to make dolts disappear. Who knew?
Aren't you a bad-ass? Apparently you did.
I got a good laugh at this. Really it is funny. :)
Good. Laughing at oneself is sign of intelligence. Just don't get ahead of yourself, one data point does not constitute a trend.
The reason they don't care is because this type of stuff lines those dirty politicians pockets.
Being in a “caravan” does not give you the right to break the law.
#StayInMexico
Shut down the border until we can figure out what the hell is going on.
America is made up of democracy
hey donald trump what do you think of bts?
Please explain how following legal protocol and applying for political asylum "is openly defying our border"?
Boy oh boy are you easy. No one in the caravan has done anything remotely resembling what you asked about. These invaders will apply for asylum, be given a court date to determine their status and then disappear into the population to begin a life of ducking up resources
With all that psychic ability, why are you not in tRump’s cabinet!?!
Because unlike a loony liberal, I understand history and cause and effect. It has been happening just like that for decades. Jiminy cricket I get tired of trying to educate liberals. It is an exercise in futility. Liberals don't think, they feel.
Oh...oh, LAWD! “JIMINY CRICKETS” BEEN CALLED, Y’ALL! 

#Language
#MyDelicateSensibilities
Fickballs, I missed the pudgy-white-guy-of-a-certain-age’s most salient point: in response to my q as to why he isn’t in tRump’s cabinet, he answered it’s because he understands history and cause/effect!
Well, thank the stars auto-correct saved me from posting “fuckballs.”
Do you realize these migrants are trying to escape getting killed in their own country. They must not realize that coming to America they can get easily killed by trump enthusiast. # Waffle House #LasVegasMassacre #FloridaSchoolShooting
Hopefully if they get asylum, they do not get sent to chicago! Killed for sure! By demoncrats!
Build the wall and build it high!

Anti Muslim fascist? Does what is happening to Europe ever break through the wall of stupid? Haven't you seen the hell Europe has become? Germany and France both have Islamic no go zones. Nobody not Muslim dares enter.
In my book, as a US Veteran (Disabled), open borders is TREASON and SEDITION
@jontester needs to go

Actually it seems the border and immigration laws are working pretty well. Did the caravan get into the US illegally and cause an uptick and crime? Are they illegally staying in the country undocumented?  No, theyre going through legal procedure seeking assylum.
In what manner are they defying our borders? They are at the border, camped and applying for asylum.
We need a president that isn't a Russian asset and traitor.
we need a new president
Epic own
im getting favs and retweets.

TRUMP PENCE 2020!!!!1111!!!1 
In order to assist in processing I suggest exercising eminent domain on the sprawling estates of Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and Gov Moonbeam to establish housing and or tent cities on the grounds to detain the invaders during the vetting process no matter how long it takes.
#MAGA !!!
Hmm, they haven’t crossed the border right? And most are women and children seeking refuge you POS
#TermLimits would help with that.
I believe in Dreamers.. I believe we are a country with open arms.. I believe in vetting each and every single person trying to enter our country.. no one person should be allowed in before proper vetting!!
Why aren't you holding MEXICO responsible for this chaos? They allowed this caravan to cross their country knowing they were to invade our borders.They seek asylum? isn't that Mexico's problem? Cut off all funding to Mexico we gain nothing
Good. More migrants to USA I reckon.
Build the wall
The migrant “caravan” that Trump claimed was thousands upon thousands of people turned out to be fewer than 200, mostly women and children, all legally applying for asylum. http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/immigration/sd-me-migrant-caravan-20180427-story.html …
What rights ? Illegal invaders have no rights here.
1. They are not illegal invaders. They have peacefully come to the US border to request asylum through the legal process.

2. They do, in fact, have rights here. The Constitution & legal precedent say so. It’s one of the things that makes the US special.

http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/immigration/255281-yes-illegal-aliens-have-constitutional-rights …


Here I looked it up for you Captain Clueless. Every day, 50,000 vehicles and 25,000 pedestrians head NORTH at the border at San Ysidro. So that is about 2.6 10ths of one percent for your "Caravan". As you can see or have someone figure out for you, not even a blip on the radar.
I’m glad you are our president!
We have rules right so why dont we just use them Mr. President Trump i support you 100%
We love President Trump!
Mr. President: We depend on you to fix our borders and stop what is happening to our beautiful country, otherwise America as we know it is FINISHED
first tweet where you don't use an exclamation mark
Whats this about mitch and the wife about shipping company did you hear about this
CLOSE the Southern Border.  !00% closed until Congress fixes asylum law loopholes.
-No more foreign aid to Mexico or Honduras until there are no more caravans for a full 24 months.
I have a solution to their concern.
You can’t have them working in the fields if you don’t let them in.  Ask the farmers who had to let crops rot in the fields for lack of pickers this year.
All the dems want  all the immigrants in, then each 1 of them should welcome 1 of the families into their homes Would they still want them here? Also the dems are the first to put fences & walls around their property to keep people out. how is that different than the border walls
I agree with President Trump.
God bless this country and God bless the President!!!!
My hard earned money! Give it away so these illegal aliens can live free! Great! Best change these laws and get rid of that mess on the border!
We can’t let them in!  I’m sick of MY tax dollars being used on illegals!  I do NOT give the government permission to use my money towards anything regarding illegals! #nomoreimmigrants
We need to close our borders
DOJ should charge the lawyers and advocates for aiding and.orchestrating and providing information to break federal laws. @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods
Mexico should pay a tariff for each honduran asylum seeker they escorted to our front steps!
I have many Honduran friends here in the US.  They are wonderful people, and are in a tough situation.   You'd do the same thing for your family.
I've met many too. They are nice. Ive also bailed out lots of them too. They arent the problem. Its the invasion with infiltrated scumbags( MS13 and others) that poses danger.
Declare a state of emergency and send the military to assist the national guard and border patrol if you have to and stop them from entering.  Then start rounding up those illegals here and send them back where they came from.  We are sick of this!  This is our country!
These people are refugees and will be stopped at the border, they get vetted and if they have a legitimate claim they'll be allowed entry.
They make this journey every two years and in all those caravans only FOUR have been allowed in.
Stop being so dam gullible.
Why do you think this is getting so much more attention now than it has gotten in the past? As you said, it happens every couple years ...
Just because it happens doesn’t mean it should.  They are coming here under false pretenses.  If they were looking for asylum, they are supposed to go to the first country after exiting theirs.  Get them out!
Who cares what their reason is if when processed they don't get allowed in anyway? What do you care? It doesn't affect you.
It sure does affect me, I live in a border state and the illegal alien problem is out of control!
We're talking about this caravan, them being vetted and told to go home doesn't affect you. Stop with the fear mongering, it makes you look hysterical.
No fear mongering, just facts.  They steal identities, drive without licenses and insurance and kill many people like this beautiful family.  We have an enormous illegal alien crime rate.  They are a danger to this country but you are too ignorant to realize it.
I totally agree president Trump! Protecting our borders is one of the most important things that we need to take care of. We need to put people in place that will do the job!
Remember the strict immigration laws of the 70’s & 80’s...bring it back bring back stop n frisk
Thank you President Trump for keeping us safe!
America will never be first as long as we have foreigners building their wealth here on grants from the government to send their money back home.
Let’s give them an escort across the border, across the country and right up to Canada! I’m sure they’ll except them with open arms. Problem solved!!!
Please send military to the border. Why r we giving any of these people asylum?
Gee, I wonder why they didn't go to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, El Salvador, Guatemala, Belize or Mexica AND be welcomed with open arms?  Democrat Party needs voters.  It IS that simple.
Why don't they just stay in Mexico
Wondering why they picked thus country to come to....has to be something.   Wondering if you took the free money of every kind, how many would make a different choice.
Trump talks about America first  Ivanka and Donald's entire clothing line is made in China   Trump has hired over 200 undocumented immigrants since last year to save money
Provide proof.
if you even remotely follow the news you should know this
This fails to provide proof of hiring of undocumented workers.
do some research this is common knowledge ... one of about 15 articles
I would believe that obama actually cared about America before I would believe anything published by the hill.
here is another.. there are over 15 publications of Trump hiring undocumented immigrants since the white house
Your tweet shows your ignorance sir.
My tax dollars are not to be given to the rest of the world! It's time to fix immigration to be fair to all! The Democrats don't want to fix it so they can use the failed system against the gop! Dems will sell out  USA any way they can!!
Please #POTUS DONT LET THEM IN. #DeportThemAll if any do get in. I trust you &  #TrustThePlan holding on to #QAnon for sanity in this crazy  of killer  #DemocratsHateAmerica & staying alive #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp #TheRainMakers
Not even one, we see all! #MAGA
Don't fall for the #fakenews spin calling them "Migrant" ! Webster defines that ad Regularly Migrate for work! These are not them! They want to invade and stay!
Win t Midterms & Change t Laws!!
cancel the nafta negotiations immediately and see how fast the insurgents are pulled from the border
We must drain the current Congress before we can drain the swamp (shadow government). Replace current Senate leadership who are in Chineese pockets.
Now if YOU CAN CAN YOU PUSH TO HAVE TERM LIMITS ON CONGRESS.  One easy way to save money is take all their cars and drivers away from them and let them pay for themselves I bet they would care about gas prices then. Also make them all use OBAMA CARE THEY VOTED FOR IT
Yes and please Mr president that our troops have the green like to shoot them all that cross illegally. You will only have to shoot a few then they will stop coming.
Haitians are flooding our country. And committing acts of terrorism at persons' job site or housing to make it look like a case of racism to rob and steal a person from their employment and housing
How come we have $150 Billion to give to Iran but we dont have the funds to build the wall???
This caravan is a joke!  Is it really that easy to be let into our country?  This is a slap in the face to so many who paid for attorneys to help them become citizens and to the people who have already been waiting for years.  This is absolutely absurd!  Why do we even have laws?
Wow you do realize about 3-4 of them will actually gain amnesty and be allowed in, the rest are going to be turned away. That’s exactly what has happened for the last several years. About 1/3 are kids by the way. Spanky is just being a drama queen
Absolutely correct thank you President Trump!! Best president ever!!
You have the POWER to order SESSIONS to charge the American lawyers helping illegals game the system and to confiscate their passports
I just don't understand and please enlighten me on what I'm about to say...why are other countries allowed and American government helps to pay their way into buying up America, live here, use resources, but yet stops Mexico crossings with a wall?
The US should follow the laws of the land. We are much more open than country’s around the globe. If we want to change the laws, let’s do so thru congressional law.  Difference of opinion is great. Too much hate written on this topic.
2009 these illegals from 3 foreign 
countries sent 3.95 billon from the U. S back to their countries
2917 8.19 billion. So we know 8.19 billon was either legal jobs taken from American citizens or illegal drug cartel money from sakes of illegal fentenanyl that caused many deaths
The organization behind the caravan is Pueblo Sin Fronteras, or People Without Borders. "Our dream is to build solidarity bridges among peoples and turn down border walls imposed by greed." The leftists dream! We need to vote them out!
@realDonaldTrump please hire
 Judge Jeanine to run the DOJ and clean house
Your in-laws are what you call "chain migrants," right, Donnie?
Trump is weak and ineffective.  A coward who is also a bully and who knows no decency towards anyone or anything in life except himself.  He is a cancer on democracy, equal rights, people of color, people of goodness, and anyone who does not bow to him - I hope he dies in prison.
Tester is only into destroying another person’s reputation without evidence because he is a weak man.   Tester needs to resign as he no integrity.
Send the Caravan to Canada.  We can let th m pass through our country just like Mexico did.
We need Congress to get their shit together and fix the immigration problem NOW! THEY COULD START BY DECLARING  ALL IMMIGRATION IS TO STOP AS OF TODAY UNTILL THEY WRITE NEW LAW!
We should make sure all the women and children waiting have food, water and such ! And start with the men finger print them and run a strict vetting ! The major problem with immigration is 95 percent of them send money home which is Billions of economy from our country!
Shouldn't Mexico be doing that already? First country they entered. Why no outrage towards Mexico?
Traitors like him will make of America a capitulating state just like Sweden, Germany or France
they are turning themselves in to seek asylum, not breaking any laws.
And we will get lots of Democrats in November who will do that!
They are not breaking any laws.  They are waiting for their hearing per international law which we have to give each one per international law. You really are not a smart man
#RedWave2018. #Trump2020. #WeThePeople will be heard at the polls. #TheSilentMajority will be heard. #MAGA
Its called Asylum, you know what youll be asking putin for...
Mr. President, How is it that these people a cross the border in Mexico are trying to dictate what the US has to do.  Please get an amendment to change these insane immigration laws and allow us to choose who comes into the US and who can not.
I agree
That Caravan needs to Move on down the road....
This mess going on at our borders is insane!! If these ppl are seeking asylum, shouldn't Mexico be taking them in? They seemed to be safe traveling all the way through Mexico! Make Mexico pay for this!!!
My fellow countrymen would say that I think of myself as a gringo, or worse a traitor for objecting to open borders. I support immigration reform but not amnesty. I came here legally and think there should be laws that would find a way for those that aren't here legally to be.
We love Trump!
Immediately if not sooner!
but mr. President I'm glad you're on the job and you're going to take care of that
Is closing our southern border with Mexico an option ? Can we inform the Mexican government that until they enforce their own immigration laws and deport these people our border will remain closed ?
Vote him out!!!
#VoteDemAllOut

Why they call country of laws ????
"…http://Hold.OUR.BORDERS.MR.PRESIDENT.WE.THE.MIDDLE.WORKING.CLASS.AND.DISABLED.VETERANS.WANT.OUR.COUNTRY.DEFENDED.LEGALLY.STOP.SES ."."aka.Senior.Executive.Service."."http://stop.TRAITORS.IN .DOJ.&.FBI.TRAITORS.SEEKING.OVER-THROW.OF.FREE.AMERICAN.PEOPLE".."http://sub-servants.to.ELITE.New.World.GOV .Overtake.".?...
What they are doing is legal.
I thought you were a man that got things done. Get something done and stop blaming.
IS there NO justice in America anymore???   Talk talk talk and the lawless just keep smiling. Is it time for all good men to come to the aid of OUR country???..

This has nothing to do with the Tester. The caravan is not defying any border, but following laws to the letter.  You would know that if you actually bothered to read, or ask about immigration laws, instead of inflaming your base with lies.
It's not the laws that are weak and ineffective. It's the political system and the ineffectual politicians which have allowed the abuses to proliferate. We would not need a wall if we went ahead and deported the people whom we know are here illegally.
YOU'VE GOT TO USE YOUR EXCUTIVE ORDER AND SECURE OUR COUNTRY. 
CONGRESS WILL ALWAYS FIGHT YOU MR. PRESIDENT. 
PLEASE TAKE CONTROL OF CONGRESS. 
THERE MUST BE A WAY! PLEASE.
I agree!
We don't need you.
Jon needs a compass, a map to see where we would have been led with his perspective and actions...scary!
And close them borders
#BuildTheWall
I agree with Kanye West.
Absolutely, a hard line must be drawn.  Mexico has to do their own obligatory duty before these migrants get to the US border.
So tired of politicians caring more about illegal aliens instead of their own citizens here legally.   Get rid of politicians who favor others above their own countrymen.
Do not let one in the door. Why dosent Mexico help those people?
Open the goddamn borders that you effing kidding me do you open your house to a random stranger without having a paperwork on them do you rent your house and you own to a random stranger without even knowing their name no nobody does that America needs to stop doing that
Why should I use my hard earned money to support those people? I can barely support my own family. A lot of Democrats are simply hypocrites, they sound so politically and morally correct, but how much have they really contribute to the society?
Thanks for protecting our beloved country that Obama  distoyed! What of a president Obama was. He going be punished to the fullest extent to the law for predogate. Not to mention our country was bled dry financially. So proud our President.
#Q
#providethetexts
@realDonaldTrump @VPMikePence Immigrants that come to our country should be sent to Puerto Rico as if they were volunteering to help rebuild. If they want come to our country they should be here for a good cause. 

Thanks @fixWiFi
#BuildThatWall #MAGA2018 #ReleaseTheTextsUnredacted Corps of Engineers have to engineer the wall for Texas. Many places to sneak across in Texas.
Caravan.  It’s like less than a 100 people.  Why don’t you go write your DR’s Note

Bush , Clintons , Gw Bush and worse than all of them Obama ,With the help of dark deep state , establishments corrupt Media and Dems they made America a lawless country. You are our only hope.Thanks for working so hard to MAGA .No DACA no more illegals .
Seeking Amnesty from criminal cartels gang violence isn’t part of America’s mandate, if it were Countries & Continents Billions of people Would Swarm Our Legal system & America #BuildTheWall #SecureBorders #RefuseCaravan que cutters #KeepAmericaSafeAgain @SecNielsen @USBorderSec
Couldnt agree more, poor judgement in our current political leaders, there priorities are backwards- American citizens deserve much More !
Traitor & fake Christian. Not a follower of Jesus Christ!
You MUST protect the citizens of this country. It has already been overrun and our border policy is a laughing stock.  Aside from additional taxpayer burden, what are these people bringing to this country?  Cheap labor? Over population? Crime? More illegals?
When a foreigner enters this country carrying and waving the flag of their country, they are not seeking asylum, they are invading!!!!
Invasion!!!! Set up tables with info to be filled out by invasion participants. Set a COURT date.  See them when  it's their turn in five years.  Not on our side of the border.
We have laws and we must decide who we will let In This country.
Unfortunately, many who cross the borders are not good people. I was a teacher and some of the illegals in our district were horrific. One of my 12 year old student’s illegal brother was raping http://her.Mom  knew and would not stop it. She was trying to hide it so he
@grace_mariano2 @realDonaldTrump Eventually we need someone to work on Tomatoes  Farmers...to keep prices low... and I love the cute little Mexicans that come with them after they grow up become NFL players and Doctors 
God. How do we get you out of this country. A majority of these people are families trying to find refuge. How fucking dare you.
Wall doesnt help. Theyll climb anyway. Ive read u should electrify the wall
Good lord!  Only a Republican would characterize people requesting asylum from horrid conditions as an act of defying our border; despicable in in every sense of the word.  They didn't rush the wall and throw up ladders.  Karma will bring you back as an impoverished black muslim.
They’re not asking they are demanding. Then milk us dry. Something must b done!

When bleeding heart #Liberals want U2 eat their propaganda about the poor migrants & asylum seekers drive around UR local area & look at all of the #USA citizens that R homeless battling 4 their own survival with no hope, no help & nobody looking out 4 them. #LegalB4Illegal
Congress should change this stupid immigration law. Jerry Brown and all this democrats should open their house for this refugees. Let refugees live at Pelosi and Schumer home and Cuomo too.
They don’t call it De-fense...for nothing!
What you going to do Mr. President? Let them run the USA?
I know it would be expensive but another Panama canel there would be helpful. That or load the waters with real gaters. That will slow down crossing, too. Sounds cruel but let those people fight for their own country quick making our country worse.
Please consider cutting aid off to Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala. The money people from these countries that is sent back is in the millions! If not, add a tariff to the money flowing out! #BorderWall  #BuildTheWallNow  #CaravanOfIllegals #VeteransFirst
#USAkillYemenis
We have a military...let's use them here.
What can WE DO to help you to accomplish this?

We just CAN'T allow this!

We can't lose our country to thugs.
I never knew someone could be so full of hate. Please just go away.
End the free stuff.   They will leave.
Try taking it out on our Congress instead of those seeking a better life. Ain't it they who make our laws.
#YouAreAMoron
WeThePeople will each give $1 toward the Wall! Please POTUS designate a member of your cabinet to manage this endeavor and keep WeThePeople informed via social media and designated locations throughout the country!
We already have those lawmakers but the GOP has them overpowered and won’t let them save America from you.
I would also like to thank you very much sir for tipping the bucket upside down and shaking things up! You're doing a great job president Trump keep up the good work! Thank you very much sir.
No you need to STOP get ICE and fucking borders patrol is NOT doing them job right is fucking 25 ILLEGALS by the casino in Temecula California i just see THEM wtf you doing. California taxpayers getting fucking tired just remember something very serious is going to happen i feel
We are with you all the way Mr. President. Trump 2020.
I am not afraid of immigrants who want a better life, I am afraid of SPANKY starting a war!
President Trump,  we elected you to solve this problem, it seems to be getting worse.  PLEASE PLEASE STOP THE INVASION our country is under attack

There were 260,000,000 Latin American children in 1970 with no education, no skills, And Hungry.
A Time Bomb for the USA!
And missionaries, comdoms & Pills have not stopped them. They keep Making Love.  You must build the Wall.
No one with a brain believes for a second this 'caravan' just appeared by fluke. Its a Trojan horse payed for by very wealthy #Trump haters
Well so far we have processed 26 of them, one has nothing to do with the other. Hey, when are you going to really start the wall the Mexico is paying for?  Lol
The vagrant #fakepresident who is openly squatting in our White House shows how weak & ineffective US election laws are!
You the man, John Tester!  Keep doing what you are doing.  Your people will back you if you back them.  Forget the blowhard, DJT.
They are openly defying you. Jesus said feed my sheep, care for the poor, take care of the orphans. Help the widows. He didn't say only do it for Americans. You hipocrit. He also said it's easier for a camel to go thru an eye of a needle than it is for a rich man to get 2 heaven
Go look at the pics of these people from the caravan. There are several young men throwing gang signs. DO NOT let them into this great country!!
Actually Donni you are the weak, ineffective person you have always been.
America became first when it accepted immigrants from the rest of the world. The first economy was built by the hard work of African Americans. The best educators, artists, and scientists came from other countries. Most came knowing 2 or 3 languages.
At least Senator Tester hasn’t colluded with Russia and is under federal investigation like you. He is an honest American. You can’t say that about yourself.
Politicians who will put America first? Like you & Jarred, who sold the lives of innocent Iranians & those of our military to Saudi Arabia in exchange for bailing Jarrod out of looming bankruptcy, & the loss of 666 Park Ave? Those kinds of Americans who share a thirst for power?
666 5th Ave
HEAT SEEKING BORDER DRONES
http://www.tibetanreview.net/china-deploys-radars-drones-to-enhance-border-surveillance/ …

Mr. President, I really thought when I voted for you that you would run this country. However, it seems more apparent to me that you are utterly powerless against the Elites who really run this country. Sad!

If you hate our Constitutional Republic so much why not just move to another country that supports your ideology????????
U asshole Trumpers are the ones who should go. America has ALWAYS been a melting pot for different races & cultures. Except for Native Americans, we all came from immigrants or immigrated here, incl U, moron. So move or STFU w/ UR bitchin’! #putinbot #Bot #TheResistance #RESIST

I say we need a president who puts humanity first. The rest will take care of itself.
I'm thinking that this is all the "dirt" you have on Tester....not very dirty if you ask me
Democrats want to destroy USA,,I can't believe.
There can be no agreement on NAFTA until Mexico gets its act together on immigration letting these people come into our country is Unforgivable
Did you notice how easily those young men breached that fence?
And people that Donald Trump supports are corrupt jackasses that fund ways to steal taxpayer money for personal use
